No -- never. Sex. Well -- he died on a Sunday and I have the weekends off -- but they were ripping at each other with both barrels Friday afternoon. You name it -- they argued about it. Mr. Marsh tried his best to keep her happy -- but it seemed that no matter what he did it was never enough for her. Like cats and dogs. Yes. No. I heard him say it. No. No.Yes. Horrible. He was tired and pale. Yes. I opened the bathroom door one day and saw Miss Lawson pouring Cocaine out of a vial. Yes. No -- never. Six years. No -- but I can get it for you. Rebecca Lawson. I assume his girlfriend. I had some papers to pick up. A little after eleven. Because he called me. No. To show you this. It's a letter from that lawyer, Koehler. He wrote it to me the day after I saw him. He's the one who told me I could get the money if Miss Lawson went to jail. I'm gonna go to jail. I know they're gonna make it look like I did it. They gotta put it on someone. What do you think I've got? A gun? Maybe I'm gonna kill you too. Maybe I'll blow your head off right now. Yes. You take what people say and make it ugly. You make others believe what you want them to. She should have been found guilty. She shouldn't have gotten off. No! Why would I want to kill him? No. I don't know. P.M. Three fifteen. Dristan nasal spray. Yes. Yes. Yes. She talked him into it. She wanted everything. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. No. I've been to a few -- yes. I've tried it. I'm a practical woman Mr. Dulaney. Killing Andrew wasn't in my best interest. As it is I'm out of a job and I'm not in his will. I was jealous. Of course I was hurt. He switched me off like a little toy he was finished playing with. But I didn't kill him. Yes. Yes, I slept with him but that was a long time ago. That bastard! Who told you that? Yes. I suppose it's possible. I don't know. I'm not sure. I suppose. Yes -- he mentioned it. He said that if it kept up she was going to kill him. That his heart couldn't take it. Yes-- It was on a Friday. I remember because I was going to visit my sister for her birthday. It would be October twenty-eighth. What other kind of white powder do people keep in a vial? I was at the house one morning -- I thought Miss Lawson was upstairs with Mr. Marsh. When I went into the guest bathroom she was standing in front of the mirror pouring this white powder out of a vial. Yes -- cocaine. No. I wasn't lookin' through the keyhole if that's what you're thinking. I'd come to house sometimes to pick up papers or speak to Andrew. I'd find their little toys all over the place. Andrew was a kind and gentle man, but he was thirty years older than her. Where's the attraction to sleep with someone like that -- to have the kind of sex they had. I really don't know her that well. We would say hello to each other when I would come to the house, but that was about it. I don't know. It's incredible to think that anyone could be capable of doing that -- but if anyone could it would be Rebecca. He did. Look, I know you can lead a horse to water but you can't make him drink -- but you hold a pail of water in front of an old horse for long enough -- and well... I worked for Mr. Marsh for six years. He was a good man -- until she came along.There was an inquiry. It was his word against mine. They believed him. I was fired. While I was seeing Dr. Paley I mentioned to him one night that someone was stealing drugs from the third floor dispensary. Three days after I spoke to him in his office he went to the Head Nurse and told her he had witnessed me stealing drugs. He laughed -- and basically said he would decide when it was over. Yes -- he did. He used to call me -- tell me that I couldn't just walk out on him. He said that if I didn't come back he'd make my life miserable. I realized he wasn't serious. He was seeing other women -- asking other nurses at the hospital out, so I ended it. We dated for about a month last year. I'm a nurse. I used to work at Roseburg Memorial Hospital. Dr. Paley's on staff there. Yes.That's correct -- but Andrew never told me he had a heart condition. He said he had a heart arrhythmia and it was nothing serious. No. No. I haven't done it in years. I have. Don't listen to him. Can't you see he's trying to turn you against me. No -- he's lying. Shoot him. Don't push me, Frank. I might lose my temper and send it out just for spite. So, sue me. Things have changed. I think you should go home -- and after you leave I see no reason for us to ever have contact again. I've been thinking about that. I've decided to give it to you after I've collected the inheritance. You can take that one if you want -- but there's another copy. That's crazy. Frank -- It's Rebecca. I need to see you right away. I've got the tape. No -- I'm a survivor. You can think whatever you want, Frank -- but I didn't kill Andrew, and I'm not going to prison for something I didn't do. No -- you're not. I do need you. No matter what you think of me -- I didn't do it. I knew you were thinking that. I could see it in your eyes today in the courtroom. You're wrong, Frank. I need you to believe that. You're too weak, Frank. When you want something you have to do what- ever it takes to get it. If something gets in your way you remove it. Fuck him! He tried to shatter mine. To celebrate how masterfully you destroyed Roston today. Are you scared? Tonight we open new doors. Sugar or honey? Don't worry about Paley. He can't touch me. No one can. I've thought it all out. I'm sure you'll be able to handle him. Something wrong? You can see me now. You were brilliant today. Of course. I went out on the boat. I don't know, Frank -- but don't you think that's something we should find out? I don't use cocaine anymore. If she says she saw me doing it she's lying. It isn't true. You have to believe me. She's mistaken. What? There's nothing wrong in admitting that you want me, Frank. No -- that's what I know you were thinking. You and me -- making love. Yes -- it would be nice. It's hard to let go of a dream, isn't it? To let go of what you want? That seems so far away from who you are now. What happened? Really? Did you always want to be a lawyer? It won't be that hard. I hardly know him. He wanted me and he couldn't have me. Sorry. Andrew loved this old cabin. He always dreamed about moving to Tahiti -- living in a hut and becoming a beach-bum. I could never imagine myself doing that -- but somehow when he talked about it, he made it sound so alive - - so wonderful. Soft ocean breezes and beautiful sunsets -- leaving the world and it's problems behind. I wish he'd had a chance to do it. No -- not at the office. I've got a better idea. Yes -- she did. Hi, Frank. Hello? Not true. Shall I tell you what you were thinking? You were wondering if I was wearing anything under my skirt. Tastes can change. That's not an answer. I'm the photographer. What do you think? Is it against the law? Why not? I know. Can we get out of here? We started talking. In fact, we talked until four in the morning. We discovered we shared a lot of the same interests. After that we were together all the time until he left. He used to call me every night after he came back. Then after a few weeks he invited me to come visit him. I've never left. I was at a cocktail party. Very trendy. Andrew was in Chicago on business. He had broken his wrist the week before and was wearing it in a sling. He looked so helpless. Because -- somehow the fruit always tasted that much sweeter because of the pain it took to get to it. When I was growing up we had a strawberry patch in our backyard. So did this family down the road. I used to sneak in their yard and steal their strawberries. It wasn't easy. The stone walls were high and I'd scrape my knees as I climbed over. On the other side were wild rose bushes. The thorns would dig into my legs and cut my thighs as I lowered myself down. Because -- it's beyond intellect. It's emotion. It's passion. It has to be experienced -- it can't be imagined. I don't know if it's something I can explain to you. Yes. I thought the subject was sex? Something like that. Have you ever seen animals make love, Mr. Dulaney? They have such passion -- such savage emotion. They struggle, and snarl, and claw, but neither hurts the other. Not really. I am who I am. I can't deny it, anymore than you can deny who you are. I like sex different -- I like it wild. That's not a crime. I loved Andrew. We made love together. We made it differently, but we still made love. It was our way. It was private -- and now the whole world wants to look in through the pretense of justice. If I was some middle-aged divorcee who screwed him once a week do you think this would be happening to me? I'm used to being on the outside looking in. The same men who will publicly profess their moral outrage for my sexual tastes are the same ones who privately rest their sweaty little hands on my legs and talk about weekend trips together. Andrew hardly needed leading. He was a very passionate man. He was eager to explore. I gave him what he wanted. We fulfilled each others needs. Frank! He'll file. He's an ambitious man. Ambitious men build their careers on the bodies of others. And that's exactly what the jury will see when they look at me. That's why I need a very good lawyer, Mr. Dulaney. You must have some feeling. Some immediate impression. A young, attractive woman, involved with an older man who leaves her everything in his will. And the things that went on in that house. Such wild sex. What kind of picture does that paint? Do you think I did it? Are you going to represent me? It didn't get there from me. No -- never. Six thirty -- and he was very much alive. Yes. I didn't know that Andrew was dead until Mr. Sattler called me at home that night.Frank -- stop it! Stop it! I don't want our lives ruined because of this. I love you, Frank. I want this to work -- but you have to help me. You have to come back from where ever it is you are. It was a place to start. You used to like to touch me -- to make love to me. Why didn't you come to me? We can't pretend this isn't happening. Talk to me. Maybe it would be a good idea if you just took Michael. It's bad enough that you are. It's even worse that you can stand here and lie to me. You're sleeping with her, aren't you? This isn't a courtroom. Don't try to turn this around on me. Why did you lie to me? Charlie called at eleven thirty looking for you. You were with her, weren't you? Where have you been? That's what I was hoping you'd tell me. We have to talk. Is that alright, Frank? No one's asking you not to work. I just think you could make some time for your son. Why don't you talk to him now? Frank -- I know you're busy, but Michael asked me after dinner if you were angry with him. He wanted to know why you weren't talking to him. Yes. She sounds like quite a woman. What's she like? If he files are you going to take the case? How can Cardenas possibly think he can build a case against two consenting adults? I swear -- the both of you. Some example you set. He could let you have your vacation. We're supposed to go to the lake. No -- it has to be done by tomorrow. If you want me to. Really. This is not relaxing. You're on vacation, remember? You're supposed to be relaxing. Let me go! Godammit, Frank let go! Don't use language like that at the dinner table. Not even if they're a dork. You should go by and see how he's feeling. Michael, you shouldn't be happy when someone else isn't feeling well. That's too bad.