How do they look? Where's Gabe? Hal, if I hear that story one more time, I'm making you limp down the entire three thousand feet, over -- He said you gave him a bad oxygen mask Okay -- I can't -- Yeah. I have always depended on the kindness of Rangers. Take this. Afraid of flying? You aren't wasting any time, are you? I knew you'd be coming by. Today. If you're in that much of a hurry, why don't you ride with me? It's a thermal scope -- picks up body heat of lost hikers -- You could have said goodbye. Today -- especially today -- you get to hear it again. The harness clip broke.  Cold stress -- one in a million equipment failure. You and Hal could have checked it from then till now and it still would have happened. You did everything right -- Yes. Yes, I do. You can't go in there -- Rescue One to base, over. Negative, Hal -- storm's already moving in -- I can't see them, and winds are too strong to stay up here -- over -- I don't think he's planning a long visit, Hal. Rescue One heading back to base, over and out. Moving into lateral position. It's dragging us down! Disconnect the cable! So much for phase one. Now what? Mayday -- mayday -- downed DC-3 --  mayday -- Downed charter flight alpha-charlie-niner-- -- dead, seven seriously wounded, acknowledge -- Don't know -- position unknown -- landed on top of some mountain -- only visual bearing is a facing cylinder-type formation -- over -- Negative -- cockpit is on fire -- fuselage broken into three sep-- --ed in shock.  Need medical supplies, including insulin, repeat, insulin, as soon as po -- Hey there -- Sure. Gabe Walker -- this is A27. A27 -- Gabe. Her. I call her Lucky. They got the mother -- and left this one behind. Too small to make a decent trophy, I guess. Time to change the dressing. I've had to learn. She trust me -- The usual. Flew off -- never calls, never writes -- I'm glad to see you, Gabe. But I kind of wish you hadn't come. I was almost used to you being gone. Why are you here? Does that mean you're going to stay? You come back after being gone a year, and you expect me to -- You don't live here any more, Gabe. Your choice, remember? But this is my home. I'm not leaving. You can stay with me, or you can go alone. It's still your choice. Rescue Unit -- what's going on, Hall? -- over -- Everything isn't okay, Hal -- I'm coming up after you -- over -- I can handle the winds -- Acknowledged. Let me talk to Gabe -- over -- After you. Stop! I'm going to go nuts if I sit here one more hour. You coming? Hal! Gabe! It's Evan. Parachute failed. Why would anybody try at all. Get the bag. Bring it down here. Just do it, Frank. No it isn't. I'm going to find Brett -- I don't want to have to talk to his widow too. Fly Evan's body back to base -- I'll call you when I've found Brett. Or Hal. Or Gabe. Or anybody. I'm going back. Walker should be coming up by now. He's on the way up. I could hear that jacket before I could see it. I'll wait till he comes to me. Bulletin. The climber isn't Walker -- it's a woman. Rotten weather for a climb, huh? I have two questions I'd like to trouble you with. Ready? This first one's easy. Do you know a man named Gabe Walker? Yes. Where is he? You don't know either? I am sorry. That was question number two. Thanks for your time. Where? -- We can't -- It hurts just looking at you. It's not going to work in here. Why are they doing this? We might be able to get up that way -- there's an opening -- Miss me? What are we going to do? What are you doing? Alpha Charlie Niner -- please -- help -- Frank! Down here! Frank! -- Are you out of your mind -- Gabe -- this rope is sixty years old Ought to. About. Will it hold? What -- who are -- Glad to hear it. Rocky Mountain Rescue One, over -- Copy, FAA. This is Margaret Deighan, Rocky Mountain Rescue. Over -- Copy, FAA. Distress call came at approximately eleven hundred hours yesterday. I investigated -- the call turned out to be a false alarm. Over. Repeat, distress call was a definite false alarm -- we've had several here. Somebody's sick idea of a joke. Do you require further assistance -- over -- My ears are ringing -- but I'm all right. Gabe, what's going on? Where? "All?" Jesus, Gabe -- what do you expect to do then? I'm going with you. I'm just as good a climber as you are -- and right now, I'm definitely in better shape. Anything you say, Gabe. Gabe? I'll go first. Gabe -- you're going to get yourself killed -- Okay. You would have lived longer, if you weren't such a smartass. You telegraphed this kind of stunt with that joke snowman. Too bad for you we're not all gullible. What do you mean? No sale. Say "night-night" -- You've got my attention. How much further? Don't move. Skiis, food -- and maybe guns too, right? Keep walking. Not too close. Right. So I'd better have one less problem when he arrives. You've worn that one out, Walker -- -- I'll find my own way down. Frank! Down here! Gabe? Does this mean you're staying? 