Yes. I'm now in charge of the paralegal department. Yes. He was losing weight. He looked kind of tired sometimes. But he was working so hard... Still, I felt something was wrong. And I can't believe they're saying they didn't notice anything. I said my earrings are American. They're African-American. Apparently, Mr. Wheeler felt they were too... "ethnic" is the word she used. She said he would like it if I wore something smaller, less garish, and... more "American." Well... One time, Mr. Wheeler's secretary, Lydia, told me Mr. Wheeler had a problem with my earrings. Yes. Is that a question?Thank you. Answer the question, please. Do you have any lesions on your face at this time? And it's your contention, that when the partners were made aware of the lesions, they jumped to the conclusion you had AIDS and fired you. You've testified the lesions on your face were visible to the people you worked with, correct? Really? You could have infected him, isn't that right? Isn't it true you have spent your life pretending to be something you're not, so much so that the art of concealment and dishonesty has become second nature to you?! As a homosexual, one is often forced to conceal one's sexuality, is that right? Do other lawyers at the firm keep pictures of their spouses or fiances on their desks? Did you keep a picture of your lover on your desk? While you were employed at Wyant Wheeler, you did everything you could to make sure no one knew you were an active homosexual, correct? Do you need a break? You'd heard of AIDS in 1984, 85? But you were having anonymous sex in porno theaters in 1984 and 1985? Were you aware in 1984 or 1985 that there was a fatal disease out there, called AIDS, and that you could contract it through sexual activity? When? Approximately what year did this event take place? Do men have sex with each other in that theater? Gay pornographic movies? What kind of movies do they show there? Have you ever been to the Apollo Cinema on Sansom Street? In general. Do you take risks in other areas of your life? Do you take risks? You said earlier you aspired to be the kind of person who had "an adventurous spirit." Is that correct? Thank you. Were you recently promoted? Miss Burton? Do you still work at Wyant Wheeler? Objection. We object, Your Honor. It would unfairly influence the jury. I'll withdraw it. Mr. Beckett? Were you living with Miguel Alvarez in 1984 or 1985 when you had your anonymous sexual encounter in the porn theater? Objection! Objection! Fact. Andrew Beckett performed at a consistently mediocre level. Fact. He made a grievous error on a multi-million dollar lawsuit... Fact. He claims he is the victim of lies and deceit. Fact. Andrew Beckett lied to his employers, going to great efforts to conceal his disease from them. Fact. He was successful in his duplicity. The partners at Wyant Wheeler did not know Andrew Beckett had AIDS when they fired him...Now that you mention it... Yeah. Do I have a case? Why should I? Right.What can I do? I thought I was supposed to be covering for you. God, Andy, you look awful. I'm late, I have to pick up Amy from her afterschool but I want to talk to you about that Hansen thing.All I know is, you got through your diagnosis fine, like a trooper. But when they fired you... you were so devastated, Andy... I don't expect any of my kids to sit in the back of the bus. Fight for your rights. He's out in his shed showing your uncle his new riding mower. Ancient. How do you think I feel? Put that thing down and give me a hug. Andrew, stop! ... He still doesn't listen. Are you on one of those conference calls? I hate when you put me on hold. What's Dr. Gillman say? Andy! This is a nice surprise. How are you, hon? Hello?