You turn it on, you open it and you stand in front of it for a very long time. You take the microwave? How about ... you're too narcissistic to commit to another human being in a long- term way. You don't love me, is that it? Is there somebody else? I hope I don't have to pay for that piece of information. But it's on the water. Boats. All anyone talks about is the wind. Is it up, is it down. I can't live with a man who only talks about the wind. Boats. You go out in them. You come back in them. I hate them. I hate boats. Tell me he's living in squalor. Tell me everything he has is being repossessed, including his filthy, dented mobile home. Look! Oh! You okay? Oh, Walter. I don't deserve you. I'm not at the top of the Empire State Building. I'm here. I told you. Nothing -- Yes. But it wasn't really. It was just... I don't know what to say about it, Walter. It was a form of temporary insanity. But I had to tell you about it because -- Walter, there's something I have to tell you -- It's so beautiful. It's just what I would have picked out if I'd had every ring in the world to choose from. You see what I mean. There are people who would like a relationship to be full of surprises, but I am not one of them. Surprises are highly overrated. Walter. I do. Don't hate me but I love this pattern. Well, I did. And you know what I think? I think that it was almost... too perfect. About forever. I am. I was just... I just got... I think I got nervous. It's normal, right? Don't you ever feel nervous about, you know? You go. And then I'll see you in New York -- Not for the kind of place I want to do. I won't be in Chicago that long. I know. It makes no sense at all. Thank God my life is in place. Becky heard this woman on the radio complaining about this guy she was sure was Rick, which meant he was cheating on her. She was completely hysterical. Then it turned out the woman lived in Duluth. I gotta go. I'll see you at work. Walter, you scared me. Don't ever do that again. Oh, it's just Becky, she's having trouble with Rich again. Hold on, Becky, I'm going downstairs. I don't think so. It's delicious, trust me. We will? The Symphony? Okay. I'll take you to the Russian Tea Room for pelmeni. Go for a walk in Central Park -- Walter, I'd love to -- Happy New Year. Don't be silly. I'll just be ten minutes behind you. How will I get back to Baltimore Saturday? Oh God, I forgot my present for your stepmother -- I took it inside by accident. Even when you were young? I love you, Walter. Did anyone ever call you anything other than Walter? They loved you. I told you they would love you and they did. Is that all right with you? If he eats one tiny piece of a nut -- He's allergic to everything, don't worry about it -- They're going to love you. I hope he doesn't get out his slides. -- who is the most competitive woman in the world -- -- because Irene threatened to put the dog to sleep if he didn't -- -- who's married to -- I hate it. I'm so happy, Becky. Finally I feel happy. This is right. This is real. Everything else is what happens when you watch too many movies and completely lose sight of what counts. Please don't tell anyone about what happened. "Sleepless in Seattle" is history. We're going to the Rainbow Room and the symphony tomorrow night. No, I'm not. It doesn't mean anything. It was written before I went out there. Before the ho. I'm going to run back to Walter's arms, if he's still have me. Made for each other. "Dear Annie: Thanks for your letter. It was great. We're very excited about meeting you in New York on Valentine's Day and seeing if we are M.F.E.O. Sleepless in Seattle." Becky? Well, it's the same woman. And he was crazy about her. What is this? This is from Seattle. I saw her. She looked just like this -- It's a sign I've watched this movie too many times. I'm so stupid. From the minute I listen to that stupid program on the radio, I've been a complete jerk. He said hello. That was nothing compared to this humiliation, nothing. You know that dream where you're walking down the street naked and everyone is looking at you? Good night. Thank you. I love you. Is this crazy? Becky? That's not what I mean. I'm going back over there tomorrow and talk to him. I am. I couldn't do it. How did I get here? Definitely. I thought I would look into doing a story about those radio shows. What? Hello. I always wondered about that too. I know. Listen to this, I love this part -- And then you left him? He lost weight there and you left him? No. That's impossible. A guy can't -- You never told me you left your husband because he went on a diet. Good. Perfect. I'll be in New York with Walter, I can squeeze it in. "I want to meet you..." I don't know. I mean, what if I never meet him? What if this man is my destiny and I never meet him? I should say something in this about magic. I'm going to marry Walter. I just have to get this out of my system. I know that. You think I don't know that? "I know that's a dumb way to begin, but it's the only way I can think of to convey what happened to me the other night when I heard the two of you on the radio. On the other hand, maybe I'm just losing my mind." "I am not the sort of person who listens to call-in radio shows" -- "Dear Sleepless and Son..." They knew it. Time, distance, nothing could separate them. Because they knew. It was right. It was real. It was... Not. Actually, he sounded nice. That's what she called him on the show. Because he can't sleep. Nothing's with me. What was what? There's practically a whole book about how that statistic is not true -- About what? No. Not remotely. I just want to find out about him. I'll tell you the truth, I heard this guy on a call-in radio show and I might not marry the person I should marry because I've become obsessed with him. No, no, no, it's more like, who is he, does he have a sense of humor, is he nice -- no forget nice, I've got nice -- No, I know that part -- She has a pattern of getting involved with losers... Once she almost ran away with a human cannonball from the circus. I need to know about him because... he's involved with my sister... That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to go home. I quit. Laurie, I quit. I'm going back to Baltimore. How does a blonde do a high- five? I want my money. I know. I know. Howard. Hi, Jonah. Sam. And who is this? Yes. Come on, Jonah -- How am I going to explain this to Walter? This is a grotesque violation of this man's personal life, but never mind -- Perfect. Sandbag the father. Thank you, Tom. I feel so much better just having blown this off. I know, I know. I do not want to move to Seattle. But what I really don't want to do is end up always wondering what might have happened and knowing I could have done something. What do you think? It's just cold feet, isn't it? Everyone panics before they get married, didn't you? I don't even know him. But I'm having all these fantasies about a man I've never met, who lives in Seattle. But when you met her, did you believe she was the only person for you? That in some mystical, cosmic way, it was fated? I mean, why did you get married? Was it all fireworks and trumpets and -- I think I'm going crazy, Tom. I really do. Are you happily married? It's a sign. Like... clockwork. Mom, we already... Mom! Magic. What? What? It wasn't a sign. It was a coincidence. Oh, please. Destiny's just something we've invented because we can't stand the fact that everything that happens is accidental. It is, isn't it? You make millions of decisions that mean nothing and then one day you decide to order takeout and it changes your life. It's silly, really. I mean, I'd seen him at the office, obviously I'd seen him, he's the associate publisher, and then one day we both ordered sandwiches from the same place, and he got my lettuce and tomato sandwich on whole wheat, which of course he was allergic to, and I got his lettuce and tomato on white. You'll love them. We're going down to D.C. tonight to be with them Christmas morning. I know. He's wonderful, isn't he? Granny's dress. Oh, Mom. It's probably just the flowers -- Walter and I are engaged! It's me? Shhhh -- Hi. Hello. Magic. Sure you do.You don't believe in signs. So you'll get married in a new dress. Well, fine, fine. Fiddle da dee. And how's it working? Of course it took several years before everything worked like clockwork in that department, so don't be worried if it takes a while -- I knew we would be together forever, and that everything would be wonderful, just the way you feel about Walter. Walter. It's quite a formal name, isn't it? One of the things I truly knew was that your father and I were going to have a wonderful time ... in the sack I believe you call it -- Magic. It was magic. You know. I was in Atlantic City with my family. Cliff was a waiter. He talked me into sneaking out for a midnight walk on the Steel Pier. I've probably told you this a million times, but I don't care. And then he held my hand. I was scared. All sorts of thing were going through my head. But after a while I forgot about them. At one point I looked down, at our hands, and I couldn't tell which fingers were mine and which were his. And I knew. Then how do you explain that you both ordered exactly the same sandwich except for the bread? How many people in this world like lettuce and tomato without something else like tuna? Destiny takes a hand. How amazing. How did it happen? Are his folks nice? I notice these things are back in fashion. Oh, honey. He's a lovely man, Annie. The Historical Society wanted this and I never would give it to them -- We'll move them -- Everybody! Annie has an announcement --I love the symphony. What are your plans in New York? You're going to miss the train. What about the letter? So he can't write. Big deal. I mean, verbal ability is a highly overrated thing in a guy, and our pathetic need for it is what gets us into so much trouble. M.F.E.O.? So I mailed your letter. This is a photo of hair. You don't know who she was, Annie -- It's a sign -- But he saw you, right? I love that dream. You were standing in the middle of the street? I love you, too. No. That's the weirdest part about it. What? Okay. Good. Goodbye. You told a lie and got on a plane. Did you talk to him? You'd probably have to go somewhere to really look into it. The kid is on. You've got me listening to this garbage. Go on, turn it on. Turn on your radio! Do you think at the end of the movie when she's in the wheelchair they can still do it? Men never get this movie. Plus he fell in love with a temp. Yes. Can too. He lost all the weight... there. You want to hear about destiny? If my husband hadn't gone on a diet, which caused me to leave him, I would never have been on that flight to Miami, and met Rick, and ended up having sex in the bathroom of a 727 with that nob you slide that says "vacant-occupied, vacant- occupied, vacant-occupied" -- "On top of the Empire State Building at sunset on Valentine's Day." Your destiny can be your doom. Look at me and Rick. What? Right. You are. You're losing your mind. What about Walter? And this woman is a writer! That's what everyone writes at the beginning of letters to strangers. It sounds like the name of a mattress store -- ... movie. That's your problem. You don't want to be in love. You want to be in love in a movie. Read it to me. You're a basket case. Oh? Oh, really? Now we're getting down to it. And now 2,000 women want his number. The guy could be a crackhead, a psychopath, a flasher, a junkie, a transvestite, a chain-saw murderer, or someone really sick, like Rick. "Sleepless in Seattle"? What's with you? What was that about up there? It's not true, but it feels true. Whatever it is. You should write something about this.Why not? What was it that made you know? What are you going to do, Sam? Do you think there's somebody out there you could love as much as your wife? Maybe even more? We've been talking to -- well, let's just call him Sleepless in Seattle, and we'll be right back after this break with listener response, your response, to the things we've been discussing. The number to call is... And I don't want to invade your privacy -- Why not? Have you had any relationship since? Good. How long ago did your wife die? I think it's hard for him to talk to you about all this. Maybe we could talk and it would make him feel a little better. Dr. Marcia Fieldstone of Network America. I'm not selling anything. Your son called and asked for advice on how to find you a new wife. Hello, Sam, this is Dr. Marcia Fieldstone on Network America. I have no doubt that you're a good dad. You can tell a lot from a person's voice. But something must be missing if Jonah feels that you're still under a cloud. Fair enough. I'm sure he won't be angry once he realizes how concerned you are about him. Well, I think I can help a little more if I talk to him directly. Is he home right now? You want me to talk to him? Why not? And you're worried about him. I'm sorry to hear that, Jonah. Where's your mom? You don't like the one he was now? Got me there. What's your Christmas wish, Jonah? No last names, Jonah. Hello there, you sound younger than our usual callers. How come you're up so late?I'd rather die than eat on an airplane. I'm telling them you're twelve so you can fly unaccompanied and they won't make you be carried around by a stewardess and everything. Do you want a fruit plate? Do you want an aisle or a window seat? I have forty-two. So that would definitely cover taxicabs, I think. Nobody knows. It changes practically every day. How much money do you have? You have to go to her, Jonah. You have to find her. This is the best movie I've ever seen in my life. Your only hope. It's Y. O. H. Write her. H and G. Hi and goodbye.Go home for the weekend. Maybe you should see a shrink. He wasn't even wrong for you, like cosmically wrong, so don't beat up on yourself for wasting...however long it was. Honey, he wasn't right for you.Well, here's the number. If you ever find yourself Sleepless, give us a call. We also... do babysitting. We live two piers over, don't we? Number 12, right? We're having like a really neat open house today from like four to whenever if you care to stop by. You must be Jonah. Hi. Sam?It is not -- No. Just because someone's looking for a nice guy doesn't make them desperate. They met at the Empire State Building, only they didn't. Never mind. Would you follow her through an airport? "An Affair To Remember." Did you ever see it? Cary Grant and Deborah Kerr. Before that it was called "Love Affair With Irene Dunne And Charles Boyer." It's a little derivative. You're kidding -- How's Jonah taking it? You saw her in the airport and then here? He's over at the boat show. He'll be by later. It's so beautiful here. I'm sorry -- Eventually, in a few months, you'll start seeing women, you'll meet someone. Five minutes in the microwave. Any one of them, five minutes and done. Ready to eat. Do you know how to make juice?Well... I went camping once. I love to brush my teeth in a brook and floss with a weed. What about it? Yes, I do. In fact, my firm has box seats for the Mariners. Why don't we all go next week? Hi, Sam. And let me guess -- you must be Jonah. Absolutely. When I come back, maybe the two of us should spend some time together, on our own. What do you think? I read the same article... He's good at it. Absolutely. Right. Is he there? I know her pretty well. Maybe I could call her -- Oh. No way. No way I was going to be the first woman you went out with after... There is no percentage whatsoever in being the first woman anyone goes out with after... I really wanted you to call me, and I thought you were never going to -- I thought you were never going to call me. You look good yourself. Hi.