We have just come from George Banes' and they have taken him over. It is no wonder he is leaving, he has got in too deep with the natives. They sit on his floor as proud as Kings, but without a shred of manners. Ohh no, it makes my skin creep! Ohhh, it's so dark, it's like a dank cave. Oh yes, dear too - TERRIBLE! AWFUL!"' I can't imagine a fate worse than being dumb. Turn around. Well you stopped combing your hair, which is a good thing, it was looking over done. You see these are the slits that the heads will go through, show him Nessie ... they'll be dead, the Reverend is going to use animal blood, no doubt it will be very dramatic. Tea! Careful! Watch his hand. Watch your feet! Well he has NOTHING to pack, but he is leaving. And it is just as well; Nessie has foolishly grown an affection for him ... we have had some tears He is quite altered, as if they had been trying some native witchcraft on him. Well tomorrow or the day after he will be gone. That is good, yes. Certainly, there is nothing so easy to like as a pet and they are quite silent. Oh indeed. Cotton'. Oh, yes, yes of course, a concern. Well, she was very violent with the gown. She tore off a chunk of lace. if hadn't been there I'd have sworn she'd used her teeth No sound at all? Like it were a piano? Well, that is a strong opinion. Ohhh ... dear. Not another word From the shock, yes it would be. Ohhh I've never been there. Which mountains are those dear? And where did they get married? I thought she met your father in Luxemburg. Ohh the tag is broken.Yes, it's unholy. One day when my mother and father were singing together in the forest, a great storm blew up out of nowhere. But so passionate was their singing that they did not notice, nor did they stop as the rain began to fall and when their voices rose for the final bars of the duet a great bolt of lightening came out of the sky and struck my father so that he lit up like a torch... And at the same moment my father was struck dead my mother was struck dumb! She- never-spoke-another-word. Mother used to sing the songs in German and her voice would echo across the valleys The Alps. Well, yes, in Austria where be conducted the Royal Orchestra. .... They met when my mother was an opera singer... in Luxemburg... My REAL father was a famous German composer She says, throw it overboard. She doesn't want it. She says it's spoiled She says, throw the piano overboard. He chopped it off He says you're not to see her or he'll chop her up! Everyone has to practice. She wants to see what you can do. Wash them again. You have to wash them. Please take us to the beach where we landed. Mama. Do I know any gigs? What will I play? He's given it to us. Tomorrow. She never gives him a turn. I know why Mr. Baines can't play the piano. She says it's her piano, and she won't have him touch it. He's an oaf, he can't read, he's ignorant. What on? Hello. We can't leave the piano She wants it to come. It must come. It's my mother's piano.I miss you. I worry for you. Go Peini ... Haere atu e Peini. You have spare wife here Peini. You get rnana for that. Our chief four wives. Don't answer, he low born. Jun look at him, mongrel. Your wife where she? I got the good wife for you Peini. She pray good. Clean. Read Bible. You sleep her Peini. She chief daughter.... without a shred of manners. Yes, like a cave. To be deaf? It will be very dramatic. Watch his hand Watch your feet!