Yeah. I got elbowed right in the eye. And if that wasn't enough, I got hurled the ball when I'm not looking. Wam! Right in my face. This is great, we got cable. That was so good I am gonna have another. You're gonna be on "T.J. Hooker"? He wants to speak with you. Nope. Yes. Gotten your mail yet? What letter? Did you get the letter? He said don't go nowhere. We'll be there some time tomorrow. I can't wait to meet you. Clarence told me all about you. He said you were his best friend. So, I guess that makes you my best friend, too. Hi, Dick. I'm Alabama Worley. It's been fun thinking about the money but I can walk away from it, honey. I thought it was what you wanted, Clarence. It's got a nice ring to it. It sounds like a movie. "Clarence and Alabama Go to Cancoon". Don't 'cha think? Cancoon. You ain't kiddin', we got lives to start over, we should go somewhere where we can really start from scatch. What? How come? Really? I'm gonna hop in the tub and get all wet, and slippery, and soapy. Then I'm gonna lie in the waterbed, not even both to dry off, and watch X-rated movies till you get your ass back to my lovin' arms. I felt so stupid just blowing those bubbles. You did it, Quickdraw. I'm so proud of you. You were like a ninja. Did I do my part OK? Nope. I'm not really a wine gal. ... was so romantic. I think what you did... I think what you did was... Is this a joke? Was it him or you? You don't know him - No, Clarence. Just forget it, babe. I just wanna disappear from there. Why? What? Where you goin', honey? No no no no no no no no no... Of course. Are there others, Mr. Worley? Bottom of the ninth . Mr. Worley. Oh, by the by, Mr. Worley, have you seen your lovely wife today? How do you do, Mr. Worley? I do. I don't believe so. You better not be fucking teasing me. Yes. What? At the bus station. He said I'd be a perfect call girl. And that he knew an agency in California that, on his recommendation, would handle me. They have a very exclusive clientele: movie stars, big businessmen, total white-collar. And all the girls in the agency get a grand a night. At least five hundred. They drive Porsches, live in condos, have stockbrokers, carry beepers, you know, like Nancy Allen in "Dressed to Kill". And when I was ready he'd call 'em, give me a plane ticket, and send me on my way. He says he makes a nice finder's fee for finding them hot prospects. But no one's gonna pay a grand a night for a girl who doesn't know whether to shit or wind her watch. So what I'm doin' for Drexl now is just sorta learnin' the ropes. It seemed like a lotta fun, but I don't really like it much, till last night. You were only my third trick, but you didn't feel like a trick. Since it was a secret, I just pretended I was on a date. An, um, I guess I want a second date. Slapped her around a little. Punched her in the stomch. It was pretty scary. Well, I wouldn't go so far as to call him nice, but he's treated me pretty decent. But I've only been there about four days. He got a little rough with Arlene the other day. He thinks he is. He says his mother was Apache, but I suspect he's lying. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. My pimp. It's over on the TV. All it says is: "Dear Clarence." I couldn't write anymore. I didn't not want to ever see you again. In fact, it's stupid not to ever see you again. Las night... I don't know... I felt... I hadn't had that much fun since Girl Scouts. So I just said, "Alabama, come clean, Let him know what's what, and if he tells you to go fuck yourself then go back to Drexl and fuck yourself." I don't know. I didn't talk with them. The plan was for me to bump into you, pick you up, spend the night, and skip out after you fell asleep. I was gonna write you a note and say that this was my last day in America. That I was leaving on a plane this morning up to Ukraine to marry a rich millionaire, and thank you for making my last day in America my best day. Yeah, that one. Somebody who works there arranged to have me meet you. I'm a call girl. There's a difference, ya know. I don't know. Maybe there's not. That place you took me to last night, that comic book place. I'm not a theater checker. I'm a call girl. Clarence, I've got something to tell you. I didn't just happen to be at the theater. I was paid to be there. You didn't do nothing. So he really loved her? You mean she got a bad batch? She OD'd, didn't she? I love Janis. You're not stupid. Just wrong. What would make you think that? At the movies? Oh, you look so cute as little Elvis. Oooooh, you look so cute in your little cowboy outfit. How old were you then? God, Spiderman looks different. What's that? I didn't even know they had stores that just sold comic books. You bet. How much is that worth? Do you get paid a lot? That's a long time. How long have you worked here? Wow. What a swell place to work. Because you looked like a nice guy, and I was a little scared. And I sure couldda used a nice guy about that time, so I spilled my popcorn on you. Apparently, I was hit on the head with something really heavy, giving me a form of amnesia. When I came to, I didn't know who I was, where I was, or where I came from. Luckily, I had my driver's license or I wouldn't even know my name. I hoped it would tell me where I lived but it had a Tallahassee address on it, and I stopped somebody on the street and they told me I was in Detroit. So that was no help. But I did have some money on me, so I hopped in a cab until I saw somethin' that looked familiar. For some reason, and don't ask me why, that theater looked familiar. So I told him to stop and I got out. I'm not sure yet. Ask me again later. I'm sure there must be something, but I don't really remember. The only thing that comes to mind are Persians. Mickey Rourke, somebody who can appreciate the finer things in life, like Elvis's voice, good kung fu, and a tasty piece of pie. Phil Spector. Girl group stuff. You know, like "He's a Rebel". Very much. Now, where were we? Yes, I would. Burt Reynolds. I don't remember. But off the top of my head, I'd say black. Might be from Tallahassee. But I'm not sure yet. I don't remember. Ask me them again. One by one. What do you want to know? There's nothing to tell. How 'bout me what? Would you like to get some pie? Well, it's just when I see a really good movie I really like to go out and get some pie, and talk about it. It's sort of tradition. Do you like to eat pie after you've seen a good movie? I suppose you gotta get up early, huh? What time is it? Sure. Why not? I took a cab. That's my real name, really. I got proof. See. Alabama Whitman. Pleased to meet ya. If that was the R, I'd love to see the X. Sonny kicks ass. Great movie. Action-packed! I thought Sonny was the good guy. Want some Goobers? The oriental. What a wonderful philosophy. Thanks for being such a sweetheart. You could have been a real dick. I'm the clumsiest person in the world. Oh, look what happened. Oh god, I'm so sorry. Are you OK? ... when my mom went into labor, my dad panicked. He never had a kid before, and crashed the car. Now, picture this: their car's demolished, crowd is starting to gather, my mom is yelling, going into contractions, and my dad, who was losing it before, is now completely screaming yellow zonkers. Then, out of nowhere, as if from thin air, this big giant bus appears, and the bus-driver says, "Get her in here.". He forgot all about his route and just drove straight to the hospital. So, because he was such a nice guy, they wanted to name the baby after him, as a sign of gratitude. Well, his name was Waldo, and no matter how grateful they were, even if I'da been a boy, they would't call me Waldo. So they asked Waldo where he was from. And, so there you go. Bye-bye. He can't. We gotta go, but he wants you to read the letter. The letter explains it all. He wants you to know he loves you. And he wants you to know that as of tomorrow, all of your money problems are over. Get it. Ya looked through it? The letter he sent. Don't eat anything. Clarence says we gotta be hittin' it. Oh, hush up. Bye, Daddy! Hope to see you again real soon. It's nine o'clock in the morning. Nothing's open. I didn't get any chicken. The forager's back. Okee-dokee, Doggie-Daddy. I'm pretty hungry. When I went to the store I was gonna get some Ding-Dongs.You wanna take me to a kung fu movie? Who's Sonny Chiba? What are we gonna see? How 'bout me what? When he was alive. I wouldn't fuck him now. I'd fuck Elvis.I'm tryin' to find my jacket. Naw, man, it ain't white boy day. Naw. It don't feel too good but it's alright. Pussy love pink rocks. Rock whores.