It was all so crazy--the day after the break-in he gave us a speech, bouncing up and down on his heels in that loony way of his--Gordon told us not to let Jim McCord ruin everything--don't let one bad apple spoil the barrel, he said. You just know that when Gordon Liddy's calling someone a bad apple, something's wrong somewhere. ...It's all so rotten... and getting worse... and all I care about is Hugh Sloan. His wife was going to leave him if he didn't stand up and do what was right. And he quit. He quit because he saw it and didn't want any part of it. --omigod, there was so much of it, six million came in one two-day period-- six million cash, we couldn't find enough places to put it. I thought it was all legal, I guess I did, til after the break-in, when I remembered Gordon got so much of it. There were a group of them--I think five, I don't know their names. The ones who could disburse the money. I can't be positive that it was used for the break-in but people sure are worried. A lot of it was. I just thought it was sort of an all-purpose political fund--you know, for taking fat cats to dinner, things like that. There are too many people watching me--they know I know a lot-- ...No... never in so many words... One minute but then-- I never worked for Sloan or Stans. I'm relaxed--light your cigarette. All those articles you people write-- where do you find that stuff? You've really got to go.I don't know; I really don't. The last time I saw it was when I was in Washington. I gave it to the Finance department of the Committee to Re- Elect the President. How it got to that burglar, your guess is as good as mine. That twenty-five thousand dollars is money I collected for Nixon in this year's campaign. I'm a proper citizen, I'm a decent man, I don't do anything that isn't decent or proper. I know I shouldn't tell you this... ...you're definitely doing a story...? ...check...?You're a sex junkie, you know that, Carl? I thought you had to get to Miami. Give me your checkbook then. You're two months behind--you got enough to cover? Lot of pressure at the Star. Carl, when we got married, you were four thousand dollars in debt; when we split, you were solvent. That may prove to be the outstanding single achievement of my life, and now look at this. How much did the damn bike cost? Carl, it's a jungle. I suggest you either pay this immediately or lay in a large supply of candles. You'd give a stranger the shirt off your back--except it wouldn't be paid for. Where are your bills, Carl?We're a long way from high school, Carl... ...and I'm scared. I don't know what they'd do to me. You don't believe me? Well, I was working the weekend of the break-in and my God, all the executives were running around like crazy--you had to practically wait in line to use the shredding machine--and when the FBI came to investigate, they never even asked me about it. This girlfriend of mine at the Committee, the other day she went back to the D.A. to tell the things the FBI didn't ask her. That night, her boss, he knew what she'd done. They control everything; that's how they know it all. Anyplace really public, they'd know about it--they know everything at the Committee, Carl--We're going to need lots of good luck, aren't we? I really want to know. You've never told anyone who he is? But you'd have to tell me if I asked you. Tell me. But it's possible. And the underground garage one. Would I know him? Never? Please don't tell me never. Ben says you've found some wonderful sources. When will you be, do you think?-- when are we going to know it all? Are you sure? You know, the paper was my father's and my husband's when they were alive and I was thinking back a year or two ago when Ben called me and said he wanted to publish the Pentagon Papers the next day. The Times had already been stopped from publishing anymore of them and all my legal counsel said "don't, don't" and I was frightened but I knew if I said no, I'd lose the whole fifth floor. So we published, and that night, after I'd told Ben to go ahead, I woke up in the darkness and I thought, "Oh my Lord, what am I doing to this newspaper?" I woke up again last night with that same question. Are we right on this story? I'm so glad you could come, Mr.--Well of course. He is not in the car. Sorry. I told you, he had to go out on a case. And you will. But not now. I'm so glad. Sure. I remember seeing a book about Chappaquiddick on his desk and he was always getting material out of the White House Library and the Library of Congress and-- Oh, the scuttlebutt for awhile was he was investigating Kennedy-- Sure. Him I liked, he was a very nice person. Secretive too, traveled all over, but a decent man. Sorry. Now if it was Hunt you were interested in--I'm not Miss Abbott. The what to what? --I already get the Post. I don't need another subscription.