Winner, Rocky Balboa -- Next a six rounder between local lightweights. ... Yo' iz an accident. Yo, Rocks, buy us sum wine, man. C'mon, man, it's cold, man. Yo, Rock, gimme a dollar. 'Cause we dig ya, man -- Gimme a dollar. Hey, give Rocky a dime. So he can call all his friends. Buy us some Thunderbird, man. ... Screw you. ... Screw you, yoyo. Hey -- Stuff it, man! This is our place, dig! We'll kill you, man -- We gotta gun. I like 'em.  If you don't you can f-- ... Yeah. I like yella teeth. Maybe I like garbage. Why? C'mon, Rocky.  I'm twelve. What? I won't. Ya hope I don't keep acting like a whore or I'll turn into one, right? Goodnight, Rocky. ... Fuck you, Creepo!!! May I help you? Your name, please? You may go in. Ladies and gentlemen -- Welcome to the Bicentennial Heavyweight Championship Fight... We are very proud to have with us four former Great Champions... Ladies an' gents, 'The one and only 'Manassa Mauler' -- Jack Dempsey!' Former Middleweight Champion -- 'The Bronx Bull' -- Jake LaMotta! The man with the big punch -- Everybody's favorite, 'The Brown Bomber ' -- Joe Louis! Now, last but certainly not least -- the former Heavyweight Champion, a son of Philly, Smoking Joe Frazier! ... Now for the evening's main event -- In the corner to my right, The Challenger, wearing white trunks -- At one hundred an' ninety-one pounds, one of Philly's own sons -- 'The Italian Stallion,' Rocky Balboa! In the far corner, wearing red, white an' blue -- Weighing in at two hundred and ten pounds -- Undefeated in forty- six fights -- the Heavyweight Champion of the World -- 'The Master of Disaster' -- Apollo Creed! Attention, please!!  Attention!! Ladies and gentlemen, tonight we have had the rare privilege to have witnessed the greatest exhibitions of stamina and guts ever in the history of sports. Ladies and gentlemen -- We have a split decision! Judge Walker scores it eight- seven Creed... Judge Roseman scores it eight-seven Balboa. Judge Conners scores it nine- six Creed... Winner and still Heavyweight Champion of the World, Apollo Creed! 