Charles Colson's wire. Mr. Hunt isn't here just now. Have you tried Mullen and Company  Public Relations? He works at Mullen  and Company Public Relations as a  writer. The number is 555-1313. I'm  sorry I couldn't be more helpful. Kenny's crazy, I never worked for  Colson, I worked for an assistant.  Colson was big on secrets anyway.  Even if I had worked for him, I  wouldn't have known anything. Sorry. Now if it was Hunt you were interested  in-- Sure. Him I liked, he was a very  nice person. Secretive too, traveled  all over, but a decent man. Oh, the scuttlebutt for awhile was  he was investigating Kennedy-- Sure. I remember seeing a book about  Chappaquiddick on his desk and he  was always getting material out of  the White House Library and the  Library of Congress and-- Where are your bills, Carl? Carl, it's a jungle. I suggest you either pay this  immediately or lay in a large supply  of candles. You'd give a stranger the shirt off  your back--except it wouldn't be  paid for. Lot of pressure at the Star. Carl, when we got married, you were  four thousand dollars in debt; when  we split, you were solvent. That may  prove to be the outstanding single  achievement of my life, and now look  at this. How much did the damn bike cost? You're two months behind--you got  enough to cover? Give me your checkbook then. I thought you had to get to Miami. You're a sex junkie, you know that,  Carl? Aw baby, you can get it up... I just  wonder if you'll ever be able to get  it together. I'm so glad. And you will. But not now. I told you, he had to go out on a  case. He is not in the car. Sorry. Well of course. Mr. Dardis' office. ...check...? ...you're definitely doing a story...? I'm a proper citizen, I'm a decent  man, I don't do anything that isn't  decent or proper. I know I shouldn't tell you this... That twenty-five thousand dollars is  money I collected for Nixon in this  year's campaign. I don't know; I really don't. The  last time I saw it was when I was in  Washington. I gave it to the Finance  department of the Committee to Re- Elect the President. How it got to  that burglar, your guess is as good  as mine. Anyplace really public, they'd know  about it--they know everything at  the Committee, Carl-- This girlfriend of mine at the  Committee, the other day she went  back to the D.A. to tell the things  the FBI didn't ask her. That night,  her boss, he knew what she'd done.  They control everything; that's how  they know it all. You don't believe me? Well, I was  working the weekend of the break-in  and my God, all the executives were  running around like crazy--you had  to practically wait in line to use  the shredding machine--and when the  FBI came to investigate, they never  even asked me about it. I don't know what they'd do to me. We're a long way from high school,  Carl... ...and I'm scared. They found out I saw you-- --they wanted to know everything. Don't call me again. --stay away from me, Carl! --I already get the Post. I don't  need another subscription. The what to what? I'm not Miss Abbott. Yes? I'm sorry-- --I can't--I'd like to but-- --no... good... --who was it? You people--you think that you can  come into someone's life, squeeze  what you want, then get out. You don't appreciate a goddamn thing,  mister. And you don't understand nothing. But the Committee's briefed us on  you--so get the hell out of here-- --do you like scaring the life out  of decent people?--'cause if you  don't, in the name of God--stop it! --of course we were briefed on what  to say--and never to volunteer  anything-- --oh, we were never alone with the  FBI, there was always someone from  the Committee right there-- --oh, you don't want me, you want my  sister. For you. This here is Carl Bernstein-- How do you like it? I won't be a minute. Here we are. He's out. You're those two from the Post, aren't  you. I'll tell him. This is an honest house. That decision is up to him. It's a free country-- --in theory. Be careful-- --you can destroy lives. I'm so glad you could come, Mr.-- You know, the paper was my father's  and my husband's when they were alive  and I was thinking back a year or  two ago when Ben called me and said  he wanted to publish the Pentagon  Papers the next day. The Times had  already been stopped from publishing  anymore of them and all my legal  counsel said "don't, don't" and I  was frightened but I knew if I said  no, I'd lose the whole fifth floor.  So we published, and that night,  after I'd told Ben to go ahead, I  woke up in the darkness and I thought,  "Oh my Lord, what am I doing to this  newspaper?" I woke up again last night with that  same question. Are we right on this story? Are you sure? When will you be, do you think?-- when are we going to know it all? Never? Please don't tell me never. Ben says you've found some wonderful  sources. And the underground garage one. Would I know him? But it's possible. You've never told anyone who he is? But you'd have to tell me if I asked  you. Tell me. I really want to know. I wasn't serious. I have plenty of  burdens to carry around, I don't  need another. We're going to need lots of good  luck, aren't we? Do better. Mr. Sloan, would you care to comment  on your testimony before the Grand  Jury. 