Old fool! Roderick, you know well enough that I have never loved but you! Was I ever so wretched that a kind word from you did not make me happy? Ever so angry, but the least offer of good-will on your part did not bring me to your side? Did I not give a sufficient proof of my affection for you in bestowing one of the finest fortunes of England upon you? Have I repined or rebuked you for the way you have wasted it? No, I loved you too much and too fondly; I have always loved you. From the first moment I saw you, I saw your bad qualities, and trembled at your violence; but I could not help loving you. I married you, though I knew I was sealing my own fate in doing so, and in spite of reason and duty. What sacrifice do you want from me? I am ready to make any, so you will but love me, or, if not, that at least, you will gently us me. As soon as I saw you loved me, I was pleased, and I gave you every opportunity to fall more in love with me, being certain that, for my part, I would never love you. But after our first kiss, I found that I had no power over myself. I did not know that one kiss could matter so much. Without you, my dearest, I might have died without ever knowing love. Inexpressible love! God of nature! Bitterness than which nothing is sweeter, sweetness than which nothing is more bitter. Divine monster which can only be defined by paradoxes. Shall I tell you something -- I believed what was called love came after the union -- and I was surprised when my husband, making me a woman, made me know it only by pain, unaccompanied by any pleasure. I saw that my imaginings had stood me in better stead. And so we became only friends, seldom sleeping together and arousing no curiosity in each other, yet on good terms for a while, as whenever he wanted me, I was at his service, but since the offering was not seasoned with love, he found it tasteless, and seldom demanded it. My husband has convinced me of the contrary. Our abstinence makes our love immortal. If I loved you a quarter of an hour ago, now I should love you even more. But I should love you less if you exhausted my joy by satisfying all my desires. Always, my dear one, never any further. Love is a child to be pacified with trifles. A full diet can only kill it. Poor man. And, for that reason, you want to begin where people end? You will do as you please. It seems to me that such a matter can hardly be discussed until after people know each other. Do you not agree? And if she does not choose to show you some kindness? Be so good as to tell me with whom you think you are? But you deceive me nonetheless if I believe you, for it will not be in your power to love me when you love me no longer. The amusing thing is that you deceive me without knowing, if it is true that you love me. To make me wretched in two weeks. You want my heart? How so? A man may need to do that, and find it amusing; but a girl is bound by other laws. It is only too possible. Love requires a mutual harmony which is difficult, and it is even more difficult to make it last. But if, when I love, I am unhappy, I will know that my empty heart was my good fortune. Your word "empty" makes me laugh. Is it fortunate, or unfortunate? If it is fortunate, I congratulate myself. If it is unfortunate, I do not care, for I am not aware of it. Many worthy of attention; but valuing is something more. I could value only someone whom I loved. That man has, perhaps, not yet been born. Not one. Not even that. Never. No.Monster! Your father was a tailor, and you are always thinking of the shop. But I'll have my revenge, I will! Roddy, will you see me insulted? Jump twenty feet! You wouldn't dare to do any such thing on Daisy. There's the captain's horse, Black George, I've heard say that Captain Bes -- What, with me on the pillion? Would you kill poor me? Suppose, now, Roderick, you, who are such a hero, was passing over the bridge and the enemy on the other side. But Captain Best is already known as a valiant soldier, and is famous as a man of fashion in London. It is mighty well of you to fight farmers' boys, but to fight an Englishman is a very different matter. Oh! I can dance with you any day, and to dance with your own cousin at a ball as if you could find no other partner. Besides, Roderick, Captain Best's a man, and you are only a boy, and you haven't a guinea in the world. I don't care a fig for Captain Best; he dances prettily to be sure, and is a pleasant rattle of a man. He looks well in his regimentals, too; and if he chose to ask me to dance, how could I refuse him? I had not been in the room five minutes before I was engaged for every single set. Why are you shaking? Then you must get it. Agreed.You must be very cautious with regard to the company you should meet in Dublin, where rogues and adventurers of all countries abound. I hope you will do me the honor of accepting lodgings in my own house, where Captain O'Reilly will welcome with delight, my gallant young preserver. That's very kind of you, Mr. O'Higgins. But I shouldn't like to put you to such trouble, Mister...? That fool didn't know what was the meaning of a hundred-pound bill, which was in the pocket-book that the fellow took from me. Everything -- my purse, containing upwards of a hundred guineas, my jewels, my snuff-boxes, watches. And all because this blundering coward fell to his knees... Oh, I am grateful to you, sir. I am the wife of Captain O'Reilly hastening to join him at Dublin. My chair was stopped by a highwayman; this great oaf of a servant-man fell down on his knees, armed as he was, and though there were thirty people in the next field, working, when the ruffian attacked, not one of them would help but, on the contrary, wished him "good luck."The gentleman has nothing contraband. As you please. Your honor must lower his voice. I have orders to gag your honor if you cry out, and to give you this purse containing ten thousand frederics if you do not. You are going to drive to the frontier. I will let down the steps for your honor.