If you're right I'm gonna back you a hundred percent, you know that. Don't let 'em off the ground. They jet's comin' out. But don't let 'em off the ground. Gene, Jesus, what a bull he is! Whattaya think: we gonna kill any civilians tonight, Gene? Gene -- you smilin'?Listen, it's late already when I realize it's not just a couple of ordinary faggots, it's just you and Sal. I couldn't get a baby sitter. Jesus - what - I'm afraid - I'm gonna get shot or whatever. You oughta see it on TV, the guns, the cops, they got cannon, machine guns, they're loaded with gear. I know you can't stand me to say I'm fat. Like I can't stand you being a bank robber. I guess that's what love is -- huh, Sonny? ...because you hurt me, God how you hurt me. Can you imagine, marrying another man? Did I do something to make you do that? Did I ever turn you down, or anything? The only thing I couldn't do, you're gonna laugh, is go on top - I got this fear of high places! And I let myself get fat. See? You're screaming with the language and all! A person can't communicate with you. You become a stranger in your own home... I blame myself, Sonny. I notice you been tense, like something is happening; the night before last you're yellin' at the kids like a madman, believe me. And then you wanted me to go on this ride with the kids, this caterpillar about from here to there - fulla one- year-old kids. It's ridiculous. I'm not about to go on this ride, so you yell right there, 'You pig, get on the fuckin' ride!' Well, everything fell outta - me - my heart, my liver fell to the floor - you name it! Yellin' at me in front of all those people. Because you never talked and I never been scared of you, never. I think: he's gonna shoot me and dump my body in the river. They don't know, I sent them to the neighbors. Sonny, Jesus, it's not like you. I can't believe, because you never hurt anybody since the day I knew you. Hey, Sonny! I'm watchin' it on TV!Sonny, there's somebody under that desk over there... I'm sorry... Well, how'll I get home? Maybe we can take something smaller... like a Spanish grocery. Sonny, I'm gettin' real bad vibes.I love you. Oh, yeah, I will... Yeah. A lot of guns. What guns? Honey, send out for Kentucky fried chicken. The baby, just open a bottle of prunes, and one of the beef. The bottles are in the fridge. He says he doesn't know. Why don't you cook whatever's there?No, that's all. Yeah. No, not until after they killed him. Oh, a long time. Because I kept asking my husband where the heck could Junior be? He wasn't around here. I thought maybe he was in prison or some place. It was on the TV.Hey. It's raining. Ah, Sonny! Good luck, you know? I wish somebody would tell me I'm gonna live long enough for it to be a habit. My parent, she'll be okay. My husband, he'll be okay. I even know who the bum is gonna marry. Terrific. She'll take good care of him. I told you, he's got diabetes. Hey, girls -- I was on television... Howard! Yes... You know, you remind me of my 19- year-old brother - only he's got his hair down to his knees - he looks like something that eats berries and roots out of the ground. God forbid I should say something to him like, 'Listen, if you ever smoke marijuana, just remember that it's illegal' and he storms outta the house. You rob a bank, but you keep your body pure, is that it? You're serious! My body? What for? For God's sake! As soon as I'm outta this bank robbery, I'm gonna stop ... okay? Pure? You don't want cancer? You're about to get your head blown off, you're worried about cancer. Gimme the cigarette. You stopped? Why? Because I'm scared, that's why. You never smoked? Goodbye, honey. Wish us luck! Here's your document, Sonny. Sonny - Here's your document. They're beautiful ... He's got diabetes. He's not a well person. What is it? Did you just barge in here... He doesn't have plan. It's all a whim. 'Rob a bank! What not?' I forgot she's in here. Oh - Maria! It's not a joke. I got this terrible fear of being locked in... Listen, I'll never make it. I'll have to go to the toilet. Listen, we got young girls here... you could watch your language. I am.No. This really pissed him off, Sonny. He says you're dead. He says he doesn't have a son. No! Maybe... Oh. Run. What'll you do? Come out. I know you wouldn't need Leon if Heidi was treating you right. The thing I don't understand is why you come out and sleep with Heidi anyway? You got two kids on welfare now. What're you goin' to bed with her, you don't have enough with one wife and two kids on welfare, you want a wife and three kids on welfare? If she comes down here, so help me I'm gonna mash her brains in. Everything in your life was sunlight and roses until you met her. Since then, forget it. Did I say a thing against her? God forbid I should say anything against that fat cunt. What's wrong with that? The FBI was very understanding when I explained it to him. Everybody knows it isn't you ... It's the pressures from your home life. Oh my God! I don't understand. If you needed money, why couldn't you come to me? Everything I got is yours. I got two hundred and maybe twenty-five in the savings. It's yours. You know it. He was very understanding - you ought to talk to him ... Algeria? I said you were never a faggot. Well, I'm only trying to get you outta this. I told them you were in Vietnam, you always had good jobs, you were with Goldwater at the '64 convention, but you had marital problems... I talked to the FBI, I told them about you, they said if you just come outta the bank it's gonna be okay. My God, Sonny - you oughtta see - Alla Brooklyn is here! On all 3 networks!