I don't care about being hip anymore. But she might be in trouble... Have you seen Tamara? Jason...Voorhees? What's going on? I heard on the P.A. system that... I think I'll pass. See you later, okay? Yeah. What are you going to do? I have her in Creative Writing and she's fairly nice. I guess not. It's not that, it's just that... It I get caught, I'll lose my science scholarship and everything. No thanks. Sounds good. I hear there's a shuffleboard court on deck -- it might be kinds cool... My parents are open minded about that sort of thing. What are you going to do? He bought you that? Really?I don't think that's such a safe idea There must be a phone around here somewhere. Nothing! I went to her cabin and... What are you talking about? He's doing the best he can, Charles. Did you find Rennie? But that doesn't prove that he's the one! What are you doing?? Oh dear God... Where is she? She's fine, Charles. Take it easy... No, I think it's just the beginning. And she sure doesn't have one now, either. She needs to live. And neither do you. It's up to Rennie to decide what she wants to do. Charles, there's someone else coming along too. Don't be. They probably decided to explore each other rather than New York. Hello, Charles. Has everyone checked in? Only one young boy ever drowned in that lake, and that was before you were even born. His name was Jason Voorhees. Did you have an accident in the lake? After your parents passed away? When did this start? Maybe not. But you're not telling me everything, are you? I had a skiing accident in high school, broke my left leg. It took three winters before I would even look at the snow again...but the solution kept eluding me. I finally took lessons. I've never broken a bone since. I gathered that. I seem to detect a hint of ingenuousness in your tone. In other words, level with me. So, are you having fun yet? No, but I'm sure Toby's fine. The ship's only so big and there's certainly no way off it, is there? Rennie -- I was just on my way over to your room Rennie, you're the best student I ever had...you have a real gift. If anybody can make use of that pen, it's you. Stephen King supposedly used it when he was in high school. Since the school is closing anyway, I'm going to write that novel I've been threatening on everybody. Did you know that I'm giving up teaching? Everything okay? You let me worry about him, okay? Personal experiences are what fuel the minds of great writers, Rennie. You made the right decision. I'm glad you decided to come after all.You pushed me... I...I can't... I'm not staying in my room, Uncle Charles. But what about the drowning boy I've been seeing? Can't we at least talk about it? But Sean said... I'm staying. I don't even know why I'm afraid, Uncle Charles. I can't even remember when it started. Don't you think it's time I found out and got over it? She didn't push me into coming. I'm staying. No. It was just a normal summer. I've never been able to figure it out. About four years ago...at Crystal Lake. I spent a few summers there with Uncle Charles inbetween boarding school. Whenever I get near the water, I see this young boy drowning. He tries to pull me down with him. It's not that simple. I can't swim. There's something I haven't told you... Yeah...a lot. Have you seen my dog anywhere? I don't know what to say... That's wonderful, Miss Van Deusen...what's it about? Really? Just felt a little chill. What about not-so-great writers? Me too. But I'm not sure Uncle Charles will be. Please, hurry... Drugs... Then Jason came. He's here, Sean. I'm not!! I'm not going near any lifeboat! Is the ship going to sink?? The window... Just radio for help, okay??? Where are they? What do you mean??? What about you? Can he really take us home? I want to go home. I want off this ship. I'd love to. But I didn't get you one... We changed our minds. Hi, Sean.No. And you'll never do it again. Did you hear that? So there's no reason for him to come back because there won't be any of us around...right? I mean, Lakeview High just closed its doors for good, right? Tell me. What murders? What's wrong? Ask me in about five minutes.But...wait a minute! Time to check out the waiters. That was truly excellent. Relax, I've got McCulloch covered... but that little narcing bitch niece of his is a different matter. Rumor has it she's a teensy bit afraid of the water... Nobody related to McCulloch can be nice. A real space cadet. I wonder if she'll narc on us... Do you realize how many people would kill to be sitting here right now? Come on, it's grad night. You've got your whole life to be uptight. You're talking to the prom queen, Eva. Do you really think I'm going to risk getting caught? What? Don't be a lightweight...this is top dollar toot. You're joking, right? I think it's time for some recreational activity, girl. My stepmom couldn't care less, but Daddy would have a shit fit. He might even pay some attention to me. He's undefeated, you know that? Julius is the only senior I'd even consider doing it with. If he wasn't black, that is. Improvise, of course. A major prick. More or less. It's part of my college fund. It's my graduation gift from Daddy. It cost over a thousand bucks but it's the best. I'm sure we'll have no problem getting them to party with us...especially with this. I hear the crew members are cute guys in their twenties. But I haven't even shown you my biology project... I packed it. Just for us. They're out of town. Nothing. Perfectly.