 (exasperated) Frank, do you think you could give me a hand with these bags?  You're also a human being, Frank.   (setting the wheel brakes on  the buggy) Thank you, Frank.  I'll get the hang of this eventually.   (finding her keys) Thank you, Frank.  Oh, are you ever going to fix the radiator in my bedroom?  I asked you last week.  No, you didn't, Frank.  That's exactly what you said last week.  Fourteen.  They're in the back.  I hope you can handle them.  It's been like a nightmare.  They're right out here.  According to my sources, the world will end on February 14, in the year 2016.  I received this information from an alien.  I was at the Paramus Holiday Inn, I was having a drink in the bar when he approached me and started talking.  Then he must have used some sort of ray or a mind control device because he made me follow him to his room and that's where he told me about the end of the world.  It may have been a room on the spacecraft made up to look like a room in the Holiday Inn.  I can't be sure, Peter.  Oh, yes, I got in a little late this morning, Janosz.  Thank you, Janosz.  I've learned a lot here, but now that my baby's a little older, I was hoping to rejoin the orchestra.  Actually, I'm not eating lunch today.  I have an appointment.  (looks at her watch) In fact, I'd better go.   (trying to brush him off) I'm sorry.  Perhaps some other time.  ... and then the buggy just suddenly stopped dead in the middle of the street  Hundreds of people.  Believe me, I didn't imagine this.   (curious) What are you working on, Egon?  Okay, whatever you think -- but not Venkman.   (affectedly casual) Do you ever see him?  How is he these days?  Does he ever mention me?   (slightly disappointed) Well, we didn't part on very good terms and we sort of lost track of each other when I got married.   (continuing) I thought of calling him after my marriage ended, but --.  Anyway, I appreciate you're doing this, Egon   (handing him a card) This is my address and telephone number. Will you call me?  Egon, I'd rather you didn't mention any of this to Peter if you don't mind.  Thank you.   (hugging Ray) Hi, Ray.  It's good to see you.  Thanks for coming.   (to Spengler) Hi, Egon.  Hello, Peter.  I have.  That's why I didn't call you first.  He didn't "ditch" me.  We had some problems, he got a good offer from an orchestra in England and he took it.  You never asked me, and every time I brought it up you'd get drowsy and fall asleep.  Well, when you started introducing me as "the old ball and chain," that's when I left.  What do you think?  His name is Oscar.   (losing patience) Peter, this is serious.  I need to know if you think there's anything unusual about him.   (taking the specimen jar) I'll do it.  We definitely had a moment or two.  That's where the buggy stopped.  A little to the left.  Right there!  That's where it stopped.   (worried, to Venkman) Peter, do you think maybe I have some genetic problem or something that makes me vulnerable to these supernatural things.   (surprised) Janosz?   (mechanically and cautiously)  No, everything's fine.  Honestly.  Thanks anyway.  Good night, Janosz.  I wish I could stay.  I feel personally responsible for you being here.  Please don't say that.  You won't go to prison.  You mean you cough up hairballs all over the rug?   (sincerely) Good luck.  It's that darn ghost again!  I don't know what to do anymore.  He just won't leave us alone.  I guess we'll just have to move.  Who are you going to call?   (glad to see him) Oh, hello, Peter.  I didn't paint it.  I'm just cleaning it. It's an original Ver Meer.  It's worth about ten million dollars.  I'm sure you didn't come here just to talk about art.  Oh, I'm sorry.  This is Peter Venkman. Peter, Janosz Poha.  He was also a lunatic and a genocidal madman. I hate this painting.  I've felt very uncomfortable since they brought it up from storage.  Good-bye, Peter.   (talking sweetly to the  baby) Look at you.  I think we got more food on your shirt than we got in your mouth.   (somewhat embarrassed to  be there) I'm sorry.  Were you on your way out?   (upset) Peter, the bathtub tried to eat Oscar.  I must be losing my mind.  At the museum today I could have sworn that terrible painting of Vigo looked right at me.   (distraught) I don't know what to do anymore.  Peter, what about the bathtub?  It was full of this awful pink ooze.  Peter, this is very nice, but you don't have to do any of this, you know.  Really?  And how would we handle the sleeping arrangements?  How about you on the sofa and me in bed with the baby.  Thank you.  (she picks up Oscar) Poor baby.  I think I should put him down now.   (humoring him) Yes, I'm very clean.  Did they find anything at my apartment?  They didn't find anything?  In the bathtub ... the pink ooze ... nothing?  So, what do I do now?  I'm not here to date.  I can't leave Oscar in a strange place with someone I don't know.  Does she know anything about babies?  Okay, but it's not a date.  It's a dinner.  I put them in your hamper.  I thought they were dirty.  What are you doing up here?  Why would you want to be a Ghostbuster if you're already an accountant?  Have you made any plans yet?  You know tomorrow is New Year's Eve.  That's very practical.  I hate going out on New Year's Eve, too.  Well, good night, Louis.  I'd like to, but I told Dr. Venkman I'd babysit.  (seductively) Do you want to babysit with me?  Hi.  I want to stop getting involved with men who aren't good for me.  For one night in your life, do you think it's possible for us to be completely real?  Oh, Peter, I didn't dump you.  I just had to protect myself.  You really weren't very good for me, you know.  Why do you say things like that?  You're so much better than you know.   (already feeling the  effects of the champagne) So why don't you give me a jingle in the year 2000?  Maybe I should call Janine.   (looking around) I can't believe a person could actually live like this.  It's really not a bad place.  It just needs a woman's touch.  You're really good with children, Louis.  I can tell.  (as he returns) Why don't you come here and sit with me?   (getting close) Motherhood is a very natural instinct for me.  I'd like to have a baby myself. Wouldn't you?  Maybe we should discuss this somewhere else.  I know what you were doing, Louis.  It's all right.  How was your date?  Typical.  Peter was arrested.  Has he called?  Is everything all right with Oscar?  Oh, he's fine.  He's such a good baby.  He was a little fussy at first, but we gave him a Freach bread pizza and he went right to sleep.   (relieved) Oh, good.  I'll just check on him.  I don't think we should leave her alone.   (wishing they'd leave) You know you really don't have to stay. Peter should be back soon.  Excuse me.  I think Oscar is up.   (screams) Louis!   (screams) No!!   (resolutely) Louis, you have to find Peter and tell him what happened.  To get my baby back.   (defiantly) What do you want with my baby?  If this is what the world will be like, I don't want to live in it.  Everybody has a choice.  I don't care who he is.  He's not taking my baby.   (shrewish) I told you we should have stayed in Palm Beach.  The weather here gets stranger every year.   (to the doorman) Something just bit me!  I'm not sure this is such a good idea?  Do they know you're doing this?  You're very brave, Louis.  Good luck.  We don't have a relationship.  I hate and despise you and everything you stand for with all my heart and soul.  I could never forgive what you've done to me and my child.  I'd rather not.   (to Venkman) I think he likes you.  I think I do too.  That's not true.  It was 1620.  That's a terrible thing to say.  