Nice guys finish last. I should know. Hey, you're not settling for the two shots are you? Knock me out girl. It's the only way. Ronnie! Ronnie, I'm still a virgin. I missed you. I know I'm not as, as exciting as your other friends. I don't believe it. I'm winning. Oh Ronnie, you have to look at what I dug up the other day. That's okay. Your Mom said you had a big date. Heck, I'd probably skip my own birthday party for a date. Sorry Veronica.You did last night. Like last night, Veronica? In my heart, Heather's still alive. If I got that money, I'd give it all to the poor. Every cent.I made your favorite. Spaghetti. Lots of oregano. Oh God Veronica, my afterlife is s-o-o boring. If I have to sing "Kumbaya" one more time... Is this turnout weak or what? I had at least seventy more people at my funeral. Did we? How the hell'd you get in here? Veronica. And Jesse James. Quelle surprise. Hear about Veronica's affection for regurgitation? Monday morning, you're history. I'll tell everyone about tonight. Transfer to Washington. Transfer to Jefferson. No one at Westerburg's going to let you play their reindeer games. You were nothing before you met me! You were playing Barbies with Betty Finn! You were a Brownie, you were a Bluebird, you were a Girl Scout Cookie! I got you into a Remington Party! What's my thanks? It's on the hallway carpet. I get paid in puke! You stupid cunt! No. Hell no. What's your damage? Brad says you're being a real cooze. Don't worry. David says he's very so he's very. J.D.? You seem pretty amused. I thought you were giving up on high school guys. Come on Heather. We want another look at today's lunch. Come on you jerk. You know you used to have a sense of humor. That episode with the note back there was for all of us to enjoy, but you're determined to ruin my day. You wanted to become a member of the most powerful clique in the school. If I wasn't already the head of it, I'd want the same thing. Yeah, and who wants that on their teeth? Just imagine somebody like your quasi-fat, goody-good friend Betty Finn doing a Crest commercial. No one would buy Crest. Whatever. I don't believe this. We're going to a party at Remington University tonight and we're brushing up our conversation skills with the scum of the school. Like I give a shit. They all want me, as a friend or a fuck. I'm worshipped at Westerburg and I'm only a Junior. Fuck me gently with a chainsaw. Do I look like Mother Theresa? If I did, I probably wouldn't mind talking to the Geek Squad. If you're going to openly be a bitch.... Color me impressed. I thought you grew out of Betty Finn. Shut up, it is. I told Dennis if he gave me another topic that was political, I'd spew burrito chunks. Sawyer. Guess what today is? Don't think. You don't have anything for her either. Come on, it'll be Very. The note'll give her shower nozzle masturbation material for weeks. Veronica. Finally. Got a paper of Kurt Kelly's. I need you to forge a hot and horny but realistically low-key note in Kurt's handwriting and we'll slip it into Martha Dumptruck's lunch tray. I'm giving Veronica her shot. Her first Remington Party. Blow it tonight girl and it's keggers with kids all next year. Maybe when you hit maturity you'll understand the diff between a Remington University man like David and a Westerburg boy like Ram "Wham-bam- thank-you-maam" Sweeney. Anyway, I can say never to high school. I've got David. He used a real gun. They should throw his ass in jail. Grow up, Heather. Bulimia's so '86. Ku-urt, let's pa-arty.TEENAGE SUICIDE; DON'T DO IT! Very very. The photographs? But she couldn't handle it. What do you want from me? Where did you get these? What are you doing? Veronica, you look like hell. Because I can be! The same fucking cheek, goddamnit! Why are you pulling my dick? Do you think, do you really think, if Betty Finn's fairy godmother made her Cool, she'd still act nice and hang with her dweebette friends? No way! Uh-Uh! Jealous much? It was J.D.'s idea! He made out the signature sheet and everything. Now will you sign it? So some people need different kinds of "convincing" than others.... Hey, just sign the petition! Veronica! Color me stoked, girl. I've gotten everyone to sign this petition even the one who think BigFun are tuneless Eurofags. People love me! My God, you haven't signed! Oh shit, yeah. What. A. Martyr. Understand; Martha couldn't take the heat so she got out of the kitchen. Just think what a better place the world would be if every nimrod followed her cue. You are out of control. Heather and Kurt were a shock, but Martha Dumptruck, get crucial! She dialed suicide hotlines in her diapers. That's the punchline. She's still alive, in stable condition. Another case of a geek trying to imitate the popular people of the school and failing miserably. Is that pate? Hi everyone, door was open. Veronica, you missed it! Pauline and Whitney James were up there doing there suicide rap when the cops come in and announce that Martha Dumptruck tried to buy the farm. She gave the ticket girl at the Colfax theatre a suicide note then bellyflopped in front of a car. Guess who? Don't worry. We'll work something out. Yeah, you know Holden Caulfield in the Catcher in the Rye wouldn't put up with their bogus nonsense. Yeah, maybe. Yeah, she really wants to talk to you.So tonight's the night. Are you two excited? King David. God, they won't expell him. They'll just suspend him for a week or something. Color me nauseous. Ku-urt, I ne-ed an orgasm. Let's knock off early. Go to the mall. Something lame like that. Probably.... But what about Heather and Ram and Kurt? Suicide is a private thing. Shit. Please Veronica. Put Billy the Kid on hold tonight, I'll never forget it. Ram asked me out, but he wants to double with Kurt and Kurt doesn't have a date. Veronica. What are you doing tonight? That was seriously warped, Veronica. Yeah, where's your urge to purge? No way, no day! God Veronica, drool much? His name's Jason Dean. He's in my American History. God, aren't they fed yet? Do they even have Thanksgiving in Africa? God, I'm so sure. Don't blame me, blame Heather. She told me to haul your ass into the caf pronto. Back me up, Heather.I'm lost. You don't get enough attention, you get too much attention. Which is it? Where are your shoes? Turn that back on! How was the funeral? You two.... Terrible thing. So will we get to meet this dark horse prom contender? You two.... Any contestants worth mentioning? Hey kid, isn't the prom coming up?We have to talk. Whether to kill yourself is one of the most important decisions a teenager has to make. Veronica! J.D. told me you committed suicide last night! What, the wine? I realize you're all under 21, but it seemed like such a perfect touch. Could we get some more light up here? Everyone take their places on the stage! Isn't this thrilling?! Dear Veronica, Heather was your soulmate.....Share.It's not my style, okay? Betty, your daydreams are a lot better than my realities, believe me. I'm afraid though it's time to get your butt kicked. Shoot. That's bullshit. Just shoot. Don't get cocky, girl. Don't say that. I'm really sorry I couldn't make it to your birthday party last month. Betty Finn. Gosh..... You don't deserve my fucking speech! I have a little prepared speech I give when my suitor wants more than I'd like to give him.... Gee Blank, I had a nice.... Hey really, I don't feel so great. Jeez, right, then why don't I do drugs? Ever since Phil Collins did that MTV anti-drug commercial I refuse everything. Gee, thanks. No, not at all. BRAD You're pretty enough to be one. I'm sorry? I don't get it. I don't know. This thing leaves a bad taste in my mouth. What are you talking about? She hated you! You hated her! What are you smiling at? Oh, I have to hear this. You're beautiful. Color me educated. I learned high school happiness is for members only, Pauline Fleming wouldn't know reality if it lived in her uterus, and reality's name's Heather James. Also, J.D.'s a major creep. Because you're an idiot. I don't know, it was okay, I guess. All right. Because you're an idiot. I don't know, it was okay, I guess. All right. Things are going to change, Earl. I just want to show different kinds of people can get together and it doesn't have to be Vietnam. You don't get treated badly here do you? Something like that. Will you do it? What are you doing here?! Heather? Wha... We both said a lot of things we didn't mean, last night. Lick it up, baby. Lick. It. Up. You goddamn bitch! Heather, I feel awful, like I'm going to throw up. Can we jam, please? Crap. So who's this Brad guy I've been set up with? Witty and urbane pre-lawyer or albino accountant? Never say never. Geez, don't listen to them. We made a girl want to consider suicide. What a scream. What a jest. I'm sorry? What are you oozing about? Don't tell me. Crest would be stained with loserness. Pretend you're a missionary saving a colony of cootie victims. Doesn't it bother you that everyone in the school thinks you're a pirahna? I'm sorry, it's just why can't we talk to different kinds of people? I was talking with someone! Hey, this question wouldn't be that bizarro thing you were babbling about over the phone last...... Ouch....the lunchtime poll. So what's the question? I'll think about it. Shit, Heather. I don't have anything against Martha Dunnstock. Heather, my love, there's a new sheriff in town. Yeah, I just got back. Heather, why can't you just be a friend? Why are you such a MegaBitch? No. Don't talk to me like that. People love you but I know you. Jennifer Forbes told me the petition she signed was to put a jacuzzi in the cafeteria. And Doug Hylton... Just shut up and turn on the radio. Hot Probs is on. You're not funny. Ouch! I said I was sorry. Is she dead? Heather. Yes. Yes. We'll work something out. I swear to God. Won't we J.D.?...J.D.? Well, you better move Holden out of the way or he's going to get spewed. Maybe you should see a doctor. Okay, I'm going, I'm going. Jesus... Sure. Hey now, if you were happy every day of your life, you wouldn't be a human being, you'd be a game show host. If everyone jumped off a bridge, young lady, would you? You're giving your life away to become a goddamn statistic in U.S. Fucking A Today. That's got to be the least private thing I can think of. What were you trying to do? Sleep? So did you call people to tell them how to get to the studio tonight? Hea ther , I've got something going with J.D. Mourning. Maybe watch some T.V. Why? Uh-huh. Watch it, Heather. You could actually be digesting food. Give it up girl! Give me the clipboard. Oh sure, Pilgrims, Indians, tater tots; it's a real party continent. What's your damage, Heather? You ruined my... I thought I...you.. You know what I want, babe? The bomb, asshole! How do you turn the fucker off? It's all over, J.D. Help me to stop it. Okay, okay. I knew that. I knew that. Put your hands on your head. Like father, like son. A serious-as- fuck bomb in the boiler room that'll set off a pack of thermals upstairs. Okay, so let's start by slowly putting the bomb down on the ground. No-o! Tomorrow someone else will move into her place. That person could be me. Ha, there's only one of us who knows Heather's handwriting and if you think I'm doing another suicide note. I think I know Heather a bit better than you, okay? If she was going to slash her wrists, the knife would be absolutely spotless. This knife is filthy. You're still not listening! I'm not.. Wait a....You're not listening! I'm not on your side.... Get off my bed, you sick psycho! You think you're a rebel! You're not a rebel! You're a sick psycho! Do you think you're a rebel? Do you think you're a rebel? I wanna know! It's over, J.D. Over! I was thinking more along the lines of slitting Heather Duke's wrists open and making it look like a suicide. I'm going to make this Ms. Pauline thing work. Lines of communication between the cliques. You were a phase.... You're getting too cool for me, J.D. I don't know how to talk to you. We're breaking up. I am out! May be . Let's just...settle down. Ms. Fleming has given us a chance to atone for... You can be so immature! Don't even talk about that stuff! You shoulda stuck around, jerk. Ms. Fleming wants to redefine the high school experience. Can't you see this is a special moment? Your son's dead and you love him. Sure. Can we make an ice run before the funeral? Did not. Did not. I did not want them dead . We killed them, didn't we? Kurt doesn't look too good. Yeah, but don't worry, it was worth it just to see the look on.... Oh, you're so smart. How about a little heterosexuality before we go? Oh come on . Lots of people drink Perrier. It's come a long way. You must have had fun. Oh. Neat. Let's try it out on J.F.K. We don't want to make them out to be too secretly eloquent. Why would the Germans invent a bullet that doesn't kill people? I mean it was World War Two, not a school play. Ram and I died the day we realized we could never reveal our forbidden love to an uncaring and ununderstanding world. The joy we shared in each other's arms was greater than any touchdown. Yet we were forced to live the lie of Sexist- Beer Guzzling-Jock-Asshole. First tell me this similarity is not incredible. So it looks like the person's been shot and killed when they're really just unconscious and bleeding. French. You can't be serious? Hey listen, my Bonnie-and-Clyde days are over. I don't get the point of me writing a suicide note when we'll just be shooting them with blanks. So what? Don't smile like that, Jesus! I'm doing a favor for Heather. A double date. I tried to tell you at the funeral but you rode off. My Mom's making my favorite meal tonight. Spaghetti. Lots of oregano. Yeah. Scary stuff. Next channel, darling. That's good. Have you done this before? You're probably right..."People think just because you're beautiful and popular, life is easy and fun. Nobody understood I had feelings too." She missed "myriad" on a vocab test two weeks ago, all right? That's good, but Heather would never use the word "myriad." "You might think what I've done is shocking..." I can do Heather's handwriting as well as my own. Like a suicide thing? It's one thing to want somebody out of your life. It's another thing to serve them a wake-up cup of Drano. Stop kidding around. I'm going to have to send my S.A.T. scores to San Quentin instead of Stanford. Same difference. Oh jesus, I'm gonna... No shit, sherlock. I can't believe it. I just killed my best friend. You're not funny. No luck? Well, milk and orange juice'll do quite nicely. Quite nicely. Milk and orange juice. Hmmmm. Maybe we could cough a phlegm globber in it or something. What are you doing ? You just can't go.....Besides, she'd never drink anything that looks like that. O-kay. We'll cook up some soup and put it in a Coke. Sick, eh? Now should it be Chicken-Noodle or Bean-with-Bacon? Don't be a dick. That stuff'll kill her. Trust me. She skips the Saturday morning trip to Grandma's even when she's not hungover. But before that, I'd like to see Heather Chandler puke her guts out. I know exactly what the hell you're talking about and you're right, you don't know what the hell you're talking about. Let's just grow up, be adults, and die. There's a big difference between the most popular girl in the school and dead sperm. Hey, it was good for me too, Sparky. Well then, I'll pray for rain. Killing her won't solve anything. Now blah-blah-blah is all I do. I use my grand I.Q. to figure out what gloss to wear and how to hit three keggers before curfew. Some genius. You're welcome. It's a lot more interesting than just flinging off your clothes and boning away on the neighbor's swing set. S'okay.... It's like they're just people I work with and our job is being popular and shit. It's not perfect. I don't really like my friends. Sure, I'm on my way to a party at Remington University. Time out....Jason Dean. Your Pop's Fred Dean Construction. Must be rough. Moving place to place. I don't know. Should you? I didn't. Cherry. Really? That thing in the caf today was pretty severe. No, but if you're nice I'll let you buy me a Slurpee. You know your 7-11speak pretty well. How very. If you inherit five million dollars the same day aliens tell the earth they're blowing us up in two days, what would you do? All we want is to be treated like human beings, not like guinea pigs to be experimented on and not like bunny rabbits to be patronized. Everybody cares for youth but nobody cares about Joey Blow. When that news reporter gets home he'll scream at his son for not mowing the lawn in the right pattern. This condescending junk makes suicide seem like a cool thing to do. Hey kids, make your parents and teachers feel like shit! Get the respect in death you'll never get in life. Superb. Greate pate, but I'm going to have to motor if I want to be ready for the funeral tomorrow. May be . Great pate, but I'm going to have to motor if I want to be ready for the party tonight. May be . There's kind of a dark horse now in the running. I guess. Get a job. Where is he? Where's J.D.? But Ms. Fleming, it's just not right. Heather was cool, but cruel. The good looks and bad manners gave her power, but it could not give her happiness. It's all yours, Heather. Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go throw up. The world wants winners, I guess. Not people stained with loserness. I'm so sorry. I was led to believe there were going to be different kinds of social and psychological types at this gathering. But my name's not... That's three things.Sure. Ciao. Stained with loserness. Oh, I like it. Can I use that. It'd be dynamite on interoffice memoranda. Oh, I was scared of the same thing, Heather. The minute you try to deal with the actual teenagers who have contemplated suicide you're stepping into quicksand. Quicksand filled with bad complexions, bad grades, bad parents, bad drugs, and all sorts of doody nobody wants to hear let alone bend down to clean up. People just don't take the name Heather seriously. They should, shouldn't they? I got a confession to make. My name used to be Heather, too. It rained everyday of my Maui vacation, but hey, I didn't kill myself. I'm Whitney James, Commentary. Heather Chandler, Kurt Kelly, and Rupert "Ram" Sweeney all had good looks and popularity, but there's one thing they didn't have: Values, Ambition, and Hope.