Spring training starts the twelfth.  How do you think the Indians will do  this year? Good morning, gentlemen. Welcome to  another season of Indians' baseball. I know that it may not seem the same  without Donald here this year, but I  promise you by the end of the season  this team will have made history. Unfortunately there are some in the  press who feel that... "the ex-showgirl wife of Donald Phelps  has no business being the owner of a  major league baseball team." Obviously, Donald didn't feel that  way or he wouldn't have left the  team to me. And I was more than  showgirl. I was a dancer. Now, I  know some of you have doubts about  my ability to run this franchise.  God help you if I ever find out about  it. Spring training begins in two weeks. Here's the list of people we'll be  inviting to camp this year. I could sit here and tell you what a  great year we're gonna have, but the  facts are we lost the two best players  we had to free agency. We haven't  won a pennant in 30 years. We haven't  even finished in the first division  for 15. Obviously it's time to make  some changes. What do ya think? Cross him off then. It's time to shake things up, Charlie.  Clear the board and start over. I know you will, Charlie. That's why  I'm movin' you up to General Manager.  Congratulations. Well, that should do it for today.  Thank you, gentlemen. Let's get to  work. Come on in, Charlie. Have a seat. Oh, really? Like what? I was thinking of Lou Brown. He's managed the Toledo Mud Hens of  the International League for the  last 30 years. I think he'll fit right in with our  team concept. That's what I wanted to talk to you  about. I want to put together a team  that will help us relocate to Miami. I'm serious about this, Charlie.  It's no secret I've never liked  Cleveland much. The weather's lousy,  downtown is a pit, the stadium's  falling apart, and we can't draw  dick. Another couple of years of  this and I'm gonna have to start  feeding Cha-Cha dog food. It's hardly a whim. Miami's offered  to build us a new stadium -- 62,000  capacity, 45 V.I.P. boxes, and no  rent for the first million at the  gate. Plus a 12 million dollar media  guarantee; 45 percent of the  concession gross, all of the parking  and they pick up the stadium  operations costs. No other franchise  in baseball can match that deal. The lease says we have the right to  move if our attendance falls below  800,000 for the year. Paragraph 40, line 17. If we play bad enough, we should be  able to come in under that. No, we've been losing. What I want  us to do is finish dead last. He knew it had to be done. He just  didn't have the courage to do it. Hopefully, you will come to see the  wisdom of it. If this team lives up to its  potential, we could have the worst  record in all baseball. Lines three and four are waiting for  you, Mr. Brown. One guy about the TR- 70's. You see the new lineup the Indians  got? Hello. Jake? How did you know I was here? How did you know that? I didn't have  this dress when we were... Thanks. What are you doin' here?  Aren't you supposed to be in Mexico  somewhere? That's great. I'm happy for you,  Jake. I gotta get back... My life is different from when you  knew me. Couldn't we talk about this some  other time? I really gotta... I don't think that's a good idea. Lawyer. Please, Jake, he's watching  us. Jake... All right. 555-9314. Everybody laughs at the Indians now,  but there were other times. Even won  the Series in '48. Then Willie Mays  made that catch on Vic Wertz in the  '54 Series and Cleveland's never  been the same since. If we ever lost the Indians, Cleveland  would die. Guy's goin'. Gotta be goin'... get  the throw up. Don't bounce the damn  ball. Nice throw, dickhead. We're off to a good start, gentlemen.  Let's keep it up. Jake, you shouldn't have come here. Let's talk in my office, okay? I told you I don't think it's a good  idea for us to see each other. We don't have anything in common.  Sometimes I wonder if we ever did. I stopped bein' an athlete three  years ago. Books are my life now. Don't you dare laugh, Jake. In two  years I've put together one of the  best special collections departments  in the country. You never read anything I asked you  to. His name is Tom, and keep your voice  down. He's stable. He's intelligent... and  I've never found him in bed with a  stewardess. Just like always, you don't take  anything seriously. Everything's a  joke to you. Tom and I are getting married in the  fall. What plans? How can you think stuff like that? I  haven't seen you in two years. You  never even wrote me a letter. Not so loud, Jake. What about the night you had in  Detroit with Miss Dairy Queen? What a bunch of bullshit! I have a much better body than she  does. You haven't changed at all, have  you? I'm sorry, Jake. You'll always be  the little boy who wouldn't grow up. A quarter of the season's gone, we're  15 and 24, seven games out of first.  Our attendance is just below 180,000.  That's bad, but not bad enough. We finished 24 out last year and  still drew 890,000. When school's  out for the summer, attendance is  liable to rise. Plus, this team is  showing signs of improvement. I didn't  think we'd win 15 games all year.  Any ideas? This is no laughing matter, Donovan. I think maybe the problem is we're  coddling these guys too much. Hi, Rodger. This is Vicki and Rene. Where's your buddy Gant? Is that Vaughn, the guy they call  Wild Thing? He's kinda cute. They say he could  be a big star. He struck out five in a row before  the wild pitches. Maybe I'll check him out. I don't remember you makin' any date. Ancient history, Rodger. I gotta  look out for myself now. I don't  have to be a slave to no .235 hitter. Wild Thing, you make my heart sing. This isn't my place... Yeh, he's gotta be goin'... Here in Cleveland? I didn't know  they still had a team. I'm told that baseball players make  very good salaries these days. How good are you? He was one of the best in baseball  until he had problems with his knees. Yes. Two Hundred Individual medley. Oh hi, Jake, how are you? Sure, c'mon in, he's in the den.  I'll get some coffee. Coffee anybody? You wanted to see the Bitch? Don't you think you oughta cover  yourself with a towel first, Mr.  Brown? Well, I can take it if you can. Revenue problems have forced us to  cut back on equipment. We'll simply  have to fix the old one. The pipes in this building are old  and rusted. We're replacing them,  but it's a long, expensive process. Your players will just have to get a  little tougher. What are they, a  bunch of pansies? It's only temporary. Besides, these  guys weren't playing that good when  the equipment was workin'. If I could  get anybody to come and watch this  team, none of this would be necessary.  You oughta be grateful I can still  pay your salaries. You follow me here too? What do you mean? I just wanted to see you play. You looked good, but you oughta open  your stance a little. They're pitching  you inside. Sorry, I already ate. Thanks for the race. Mine. You follow me again? I just wanted to see you play. You looked good, but you oughta open  your stance a little. They're pitchin'  you inside. I think I oughta tell you that I'm  moving in with Tom. I'm not goin' uptown, I just want to  lead a regular life. You know, like  an adult maybe. With a house and a  garden and normal hours. You like the life you've had, Jake.  You like hangin' out with the boys,  livin' in hotels, eatin' dinner at  midnight, having girls send you their  underwear in the mail. Remember the  surprise party I threw for you when  you made the All-Star team? You never  showed up, but the doorbell rang  once and we all got quiet and hid  behind the furniture. It was a guy  to serve you with a paternity suit. Yes, but you had obviously been with  her. And it happened in front of all  our friends. I've come back to you too many times,  Jake. I can't afford to believe you  anymore. I guess so. Did you really read "Moby  Dick?" October third. You're still their favorite. Tom doesn't like big weddings. You  coulda read Plot Outlines of 101  Great Novels. At any library. All Saints on Euclid. Yeh. Who saved Ishmael at the end? Where? If you want. Maybe you really did  read it. This doesn't change anything, you  know. We were always good at this. What? Use your imagination. Well, my worst fears have been  confirmed. We're 60 and 60, nine  games out of first, and only two out  of the first division. Who do those  guys think they are? I don't have to accept anything. Our  attendance is only beginning to rise.  If we can force a losing streak for  a week or two, we can still turn  this thing around. The fans are used  to losers here. At the first sign of  a slump they'll give up on this team. Not everything. You still got that black Corvette?  The one that the sound system took  up the whole trunk? I thought they gave them to ya. That's all right, you'll be gettin'  a new one now. What do you mean? We did this between  innings once. Happens to the best of them sooner  or later. What's her name? So long, Jake. Too bad. I was gonna  devote a whole chapter to you in my  book. Excuse me. I was in town for a  conference and thought I'd drop by,  but I can see you're busy... Why not? I know, but that's not why I came  over. I don't chase ball players. Because you're the sexiest man I've  ever laid eyes on, and you look like  you could use a... friend. I've gotta get home. Suzanne. Suzanne Dorn Mrs. Suzanne Dorn. So long. You're a great kid. Hello, Jake. Thank you. I didn't think you'd come. Good luck today, Jake. No, I came to see you. Even for last night? Then you weren't defending my honor  again? Come in. Hello, Lou, what can I do for ya? What do you mean? Well, I knew I could count on Charlie  to tell somebody. I was just afraid  he might take too long. So you'd tell the team, hopefully  getting them mad enough to knock  themselves out trying to prove they  belonged in this league. I think it  worked. We were broke. We couldn't afford  anything better. Donald left the  team nearly bankrupt. If we'd had  another losing season, I would have  had to sell the team. I knew we  couldn't win with the team we had,  so I decided to bring in new players  and see how they'd do with the proper  motivation. There was never any offer  from Miami. I made it all up. If I'd really wanted you to lose,  all I had to do was send the best  players back to the minors. But I  didn't, did I? You think this was all an accident?  I personally scouted every member of  this team, except Hayes, of course.  He was a surprise. They all had flaws  which concealed their real talent,  or I wouldn't have been able to get  them. But I knew if anyone could  straighten them out, you could. And  if you tell them any of this, I will  fire you. I love this team, Lou. Go get 'em  tonight. Before you go, there's something I  wanta tell you. Shit. 