Graham... I want to touch you. But why can't you just put it all behind you? Can't you just forget it? All that stuff you did? I want to know why you are the way you are! You're not answering me. Why are you ashamed? Come on!! I don't care. I'm just going to keep asking until you answer. I'm sure there's plenty of tape. "Because"? That's not good enough. I asked you a question, Graham. I asked you "how does it feel"? How does it feel, Mr. I Want To Go Down On You But I Can't? Do you know how many people you've sucked into your weird little world? Including me? Come on, how does it feel? Why not? Yeah, you're right. But I never claimed to know everything like you, and have all these little theories. I'm still learning, I know that. But I don't feel like I've wasted time. If I had to go through my marriage to get to where I am right now, fine. Oh, you just moved here to think about it, right? Whoa!! I'm so glad we got that on tape!! You won't answer a question about Elizabeth, but I have to answer all these intimate questions about my sex life!! Graham, what do you think she's going to make of all these videotapes? Are you going to tell her about them? I can't imagine her being too understanding about that. But since you don't lie anymore, you'll have to say something. Look at you, look at what's happened to you, look how you've changed! Don't you think she will have changed? Graham, I mean, what do you think her reaction is going to be if you contact her? Like maybe a big part? But that was part of it? Wait a minute, wait a minute. What's going on here? Did you come back here just to see her again? But you're planning to be? You mean you're still in contact with her? Who? Elizabeth? But how do you know for sure, you have to try to find a way to fig -- But I don't understand -- Why not? I'm asking for real. I want you to turn that camera off and make love with me. Will you? So why won't you make love with me? Why wouldn't you, I mean? But I feel like maybe I could be really comfortable with you. But if you were? If you were in love with me, would you? You're really never going to make love again? Yeah, I know, but somehow I expect that from her, I mean, she'll do it with almost anybody, I don't know, I shouldn't stick up for her I guess, but him. He lied so... deeply!! Ooo, I want to watch him die!! God, I m so mad at him!! I'm babbling. Kind of. I mean, John's like this kind of... craftsman. Like he's a carpenter, and he makes really good tables. But that's all he can make, and I don't need anymore tables. Subtlety, yes. No subtlety. Plus, I've never really felt able to open up with anyone. I mean, that other person I told you about, I enjoyed making love with him a lot, but I still wasn't able to really let go. I always feel like I'm being watched and I shouldn't embarrass myself. I don't know. It all gets back to that Cynthia thing. I don't like her... eagerness. There's nothing left to imagine, there's no... Not yet. I'm not sure I will. I just want out. I don't know anymore. I thought I was, but obviously I was wrong. Don't you get lonely? And now you can? How come? So you lied to her? What was the problem? So what happened? Was it so bad that it turned you off? Who was the last person you had sex with? So you have had sex. You said you weren't always impotent. Can't or won't? Why not? On tape? If I asked you to, would you? Not on tape, I mean? I remember. You could do that, couldn't you? Go down on me? Have you fantasized about me? Yes. I fantasized about you. Yes. I know. Deep down, I know that. It just bothers me, when I have feelings or impulses that she has. Because that's how Cynthia thinks!! All she does is think about that stuff, and I hate that, I don't want to be like her, I don't want to be like her!! Yes. Whenever... all right, look. Whenever I see a man that I think is attractive, I wonder what it would be like with him, I mean, I'm just curious, I don't act on it, but I hate that I think that!! I wish I could just forget about that stuff!! No. I guess not. Yes, I have. I will. I don't see what difference it makes, I mean, I can think what I want. I don't know if I want to do this anymore, I'm afraid... I don't mind answering the questions so much, but if somebody were to see this... Yes. Is he going to see this? You don't know what I'm thinking. Sometimes. Afterward. When we're making love? Ann Bishop Millaney. Ann Bishop Millaney. Yes. What will you do when the money runs out? How do you pay for all this? I mean, rent, and tapes and this equipment. Then do it. What do you have to do to get ready? What would you know about a normal frame of mind? What difference does it make why I do it? Don't you want to make one? Why not? Why didn't you tell me? How did you know? You know? John and Cynthia have been... "fucking". I'm not sure why I came here. I had kind of decided not to talk to you after... you know. Yes, I do. This is just... so... I don't... why... why do you do this? To you? And they just answer them? You just ask them questions? Like what? What about sex? About sex? What... what are these interviews about? Why not? Can we look at one? All of these are interviews? You went out with her? Donna. On this tape it says "Donna". Who's Donna? What kind of personal project? I can see that. What are they? What are these? Somehow I imagined books. I thought you would have like a whole lot of books and be reading all the time. I just wanted to see how the place looked furnished. Are you in the middle of something? Hi! So since I've never had sex with you, by your own advice I shouldn't accept your advice. Now, you said never take advice from someone that you don't know intimately, right? Excuse me for asking, but how would you know? Of course not. Well, my therapist knows me intimately. So you don't believe in therapy? Aren't you? My therapist said that -- What? Why do you say I'm self-conscious? Well... are you self-conscious about it? Does it bother you? You are? You're what? As long as it's not... gross, you know? Like some scar or something. It has to be like mine, like something about you. So what's your personal thing? Are you really going to tell me something personal? I don't know, he just said he wants to wait. I quit asking. Yeah, actually, I do. But John doesn't. At least not right now. Kids? What about them? Yes! Yes! I think that's very true. Very. Do you understand what I'm trying to say? Okay. I think... I think sex is overrated. I think people place way too much importance on it. And I think that stuff about women wanting it just as bad is crap. I m not saying women don't want it, I just don't think they want it for the reason men think they do. I'm getting confused. Can I tell you something personal? I feel like I can. It's something I couldn't tell John. Or wouldn't, anyway. Right, right. I don't feel connected to many people, either. Other than John. I feel like they do. Maybe you'll understand this, because you know John, but he confuses me sometimes. Okay, I will!! Would you mind? What's the first? Who's Elizabeth? Younger. Mother, father, sister. Thank you. That's hard to believe. The two of you seem so different. Why'd you drop out? Why? Didn't you know him well? Nine years? How long has it been since you've seen John? You mean like "time flies"? Oh, uh-huh. Oh, definitely. I mean, just this past year has gone by like phew! I hardly even knew it passed. ...free-lance. You know. Well... well, the clich� about the security of it, that's really true. We own a house, and I really like that, you know? And I like that John was just made junior partner, so he has a steady job and he's not some... Oh, I like it. I like it very much. You play an instrument? No, not really. Well... No, I think you look... fine. Oh, uh-huh. Graham is an unusual name. No. Why? Television? Oh. Do you have other things? We... don't usually let people smoke in the house. We have a patio if you -- Oh. Well, please sit down. That was quick. Yes? Yes. I have thought about it, yes. Not very often. He does. Yes. Yes! I'm not going to discuss this with you anymore. You're making no sense. No, but I wanted to. I really wanted to, partially just to piss you off. I drove around. Then I went to talk with Graham. We'll call it uncontested or whatever. I just want out. I want out of this marriage. I want out of this marriage. I know. I don't know. Sometimes I feel stupid babbling about my little problems while children are starving in the world. I didn't say it was rational, I just said I was convinced. Loud. I'm sorry, too. I... I get these ideas in my head, you know, and I have nothing to do all day but sit around and concoct these intricate scenarios. And then I want to believe it so I don't think I've wasted the whole day. Last week I was convinced you were having an affair with Cynthia, I don't know why. You've made your point. Always the lawyer. Why don't I believe you? But I'm not. Is that supposed to comfort me? My sister, for one. Is that who it is? I can't tell you how upset I would be if you were lying. If I'm right, I want to know. I don't want you to lie. I'd be very upset, but not as upset as if I'd found out you'd been lying. Well, are you? Are you having an affair? Who'd you have lunch with? That's interesting, because I didn't leave a message. Did you see a message to call me when you got back in? I called you Tuesday at 3:30 and they said you weren't in. Do you remember where you were? John? Graham and I were talking about apartments and I told him to check the Garden District, there are some nice little places there, garage apartments and stuff. Oh, we get along okay. She's just very... she's an extrovert. I think she's loud. She probably wouldn't agree. Definitely wouldn't agree. You did that? I know, but this... I just feel like everybody I know right now is obsessed with sex. Because all she thinks about are these guys she's after and I just hate her she's such a little slut I thought that in high school and I think that now. Why do people have to be so obsessed with sex all what's the big damn deal? I mean, it's okay and everything, but I don't understand when people let it control them, control their lives, why do they do that? I hate my sister. But you don't have hidden motives for feeling that way, right? Yes. Not really. Yes. Yes. I guess. What do you mean? I don't understand. That guy Graham I told you about. He said taking advice from someone you don't know intimately was... well, he said a lot of stuff. I've been thinking about it for awhile, and then I was talking to somebody who kind of put things in perspective for me. I guess, but not because of the way he looked or anything. He's just so different, somebody new to have a conversation with. I'm just tired of talking to other couples about whether or not they're going to buy the station wagon, you know? It's just boring. I don't know, he was just different. And he's really on about truth a lot, being honest, and I like that, I felt comfortable around him. After he left I had a dream that he signed a lease to rent our guest room. What do you mean, like physically? No, he left last week. Oh, Graham. No, I didn't talk to him about that. Actually, that turned out to be pretty interesting. I expected Graham to be this... well, like John, you know? I mean, he said they had gone to school together, so I was expecting lots of stories about getting drunk and secret handshakes and stuff. But he turned out to be this... this kind of character, I mean, he's kind of arty but okay, you know? What visitor? Well, the cumulative effect is not good, let me tell you. I knew I shouldn't have watered those plants. Yes, it's this radioactive gas in the ground, and houses kind of act like magnets to pull it up, and -- you've never heard of this? Well, I don't know. The week started off okay, but then I was outside watering the plants, and I started feeling dizzy from the heat and that got me thinking about the Greenhouse Effect, so I went inside and turned on the air-conditioner full blast, and that made me feel a little better until I started thinking about radon leakage coming up through the floor, and -- Well, kind of recently, I guess. But not too recently. Well, I kind of tried once. It just seemed stupid, I kept seeing myself lying there and it seemed stupid, and kind of, uh, I don't know, and then I was wondering if my dead grandfather could see me doing this, and it just seemed like a dumb thing to be doing when we don't know what to do with all that garbage, you know? God, no. What do you mean? But see, he stopped before I got that feeling, that's why it seems weird to me. I mean, I'm sure he wishes I would initiate things once in awhile, and I would except it never occurs to me, I'm always thinking about something else and then the few times that I have felt like starting something I was by myself. Oh, yeah. But see, I've never really been into sex that much, I mean, I like it and everything, it just does't freak me out, I wouldn't miss it, you know? But anyway, lately we haven't been doing anything at all. Like I said, it's not that I miss it, but I'm curious the way things kind of slacked off all of a sudden. About a week ago. I don't know what brought it on, I just started feeling like I didn't want him to touch me. Fine, I guess. Except right now I'm going through this where I don't want him to touch me. Yeah, I know. I guess I'm upset because I can't really justify being upset, I mean, it's his house, really, he pays the mortgage. No. I don't know. I haven't told him about the garbage thing because I'm pissed off at him right now. He's letting some old college buddy stay at our house for a couple of days, and he didn't even ask me about it. I mean, I would've said yes, I just wish he would've asked. Well, do you think many people run around thinking about how happy they feel and how great things are? I mean, maybe they do, but I doubt those people are in therapy. Besides, being happy isn't all that great. My figure is always at its best when I'm depressed. The last time I was really happy I put on twenty-five pounds. I thought John was going to have a stroke. Yeah, so? What do you mean? Well, this weekend John was taking out the garbage, and he kept spilling things out of the container, and I started imagining a container that grew garbage, like it just kept filling up and overflowing all by itself, and how could you stop that if it started happening? Don't you think that's a lot of garbage? I'd really like to know where it's all going to go. Nothing. I mean, nothing. I try not to do anything that will produce garbage, so obviously we're talking about eating and basic stuff like that. Did you know that the average person produces three pounds of garbage a day? Bye. I get real busy between two and four. Do you have my work number? Well. I can't stay. Thirty-two dollars. I was just trying to -- It does not. It's a sun dress. Here it is. I don't want to discuss it. You are in serious trouble. So he's got this catalogue of women touching themselves? That doesn't make you feel weird? That doesn't mean you do. You can't possibly trust him, he's... perverted. You know what I mean, you don't even know him! I mean, I couldn't do that in front of John, even. I can't believe you did that!! You are in trouble. You touched him? Did he touch you? You don't know that for sure. Cynthia, who knows where that tape may end up? He could be... bouncing it off some satellite or something. Some horny old men in South America or something could be watching it. But why did you want to? Why did you do that? Cynthia! Did he ask you to take your clothes off? Oh, so you'll let a total stranger record your sexual life on tape, but you won't tell your own sister? Well, like what did he ask, exactly? What kinds of questions? I don't know. I don't want to talk about it. No, he's not dangerous. Not physically. No, it's nothing like that. No! Because. Cynthia, look, John was right. Graham is strange. Very strange. You don't want to get involved with him. Because I never got around to it. No, I didn't. I don't... he doesn't want you to come over. I was thinking maybe I shouldn't be in therapy anymore. Fine. I just thought it might -- Don't you think she deserves a little more than a card? I mean, the woman gave birth to you. It's her fiftieth birthday -- A card? For her fiftieth birthday? Are you getting Mom something for her birthday? Lose something? And... do whatever it is you do. I don't feel right just giving you the address so that you can go over there and... Let me talk to him first. He's not getting a phone, he doesn't like talking on the phone. But he won't. He doesn't have a phone. I have a pretty good idea. Oh, for God's sake. Really, Cynthia, really, I don't think he's your type. Well, I wonder why. Well, he doesn't strike me as the kind of person that would go in for that sort of thing, anyway. You know what. You say it just to irritate me. Do you have to say that? Why, so you can go after him? Why? Not really. Maybe if I just saw him on the street I'd have said that, but after talking to him... he's just kind of... I don't know, unusual. No, not at all. Actually, I don't think John likes him much anymore. He said he thought Graham had gotten strange. I don't know. He went to school here, then he was in New York for awhile, then Philadelphia, and then just kind of travelling around. So will you, someday. It was busy. I wish you'd get an answering machine. Wait a minute. Do you mean... don't tell me you... in front of him. Did you take your clothes off?Bye. Okay. No. Thank you. So what's my share of the dress? Hold on. It looks like a tablecloth. What is it? Then why do you keep asking about it? Ann, I don't understand why this freaks you out so much. You didn't do it, I did, and if it doesn't bother me, why should it bother you? No. I don't think they all did what I did. He's harmless. He just sits around and looks at these tapes. What's the big deal? I feel like I do. You couldn't do it, period. Why? Listen to you!! You sound like Mom. What are you talking about? In front of him, Ann, yes. No, but I did. Well, it's too late now, isn't it? He wouldn't do that. I wanted him to see me. Because I wanted to. What!? Yes, I did. Apparently. Well, like, I don't want to tell you, exactly. Questions about sex. He just asked me questions. Then why'd you call me? Well, what, then? Well, what? Is he dangerous? Then what's the story, what's this "strange" bullshit all of a sudden? Is he drowning puppies, or what? What the hell happened over there? Did he make a pass at you? Well, why? Why not? What do you mean he doesn't want me to come over? Did you tell him about me? Good. Now, if you'll pardon me, I have to go to work. Okay, Ann, okay. How about this: you buy her something nice, and I'll pay for half. All right? Will you stop? Jesus. What's wrong with that? I don't know, I'll get her a card or something. That goddam diamond stud earring that cost me a fucking fortune. And what? Why? Just give me the address, you won't even have to be involved. Oh, please. Okay, so give me the Zen master's address, I'll think of a reason to stop by. What are you talking about? Well, I'll call him when he does. Ann, you don't have a clue. Look, I don't even know why we're discussing this, I'll just call him myself. "My type"? What is this bullshit? How would you know what "my type" is? I think you're afraid to put the two of us in the same room together. I think you're afraid he'll be undeniably drawn to me. Ann, you always underestimate me. I say it because it's descriptive. What? Besides, even if I decided to fuck his brains out, what business is that of yours? Jesus, Ann, get a life. I just asked what he looked like. I just want to know what he looks like, is all. Uh-huh. So what's he look like? Is he? Strange, I mean? Must be nice. So, what's he like, is he like John? Goddamit, give me my tape, then. I can't believe you're doing this after I let you tape me. Well, what the hell am I supposed to do? How about if you record over the one we already made? You could have the same date and not use another tape. Who would know? So make an exception. But I want you to do it, I want somebody who will ask the right questions and everything, somebody I can play to and feel safe because you can't do anything. Now who the hell is going to do that for me? I can't talk you into it? No? Not even one more? I'd like to make another tape. Look, I'm just going to come right out and tell you why I'm here, okay? Hi. He doesn't have to tell me. John doesn't have sex with Ann anymore. Prettier than Ann? Do you think I'm pretty? Do you like the way I look? Would you like me to take my pants off? Then I started moving my hand, and then he stopped talking. He said that my hand felt good. It was warmer than I thought it would be, and the skin was softer than it looked. It's weird. Thinking about it now, the organ itself seemed like a separate thing, a separate entity to me. I mean, after he pulled it out and I could look at it and touch it, I completely forgot that there was a guy attached to it. I remember literally being startled when the guy spoke to me. No. If anything, after I looked at it awhile, it got more interesting. It had character, you know? Not really. I didn't picture it with veins or ridges or anything, I thought it would be smooth, like a test tube. Very much live. When I was fourteen. No. He kind of avoided me for the rest of the summer, and then his family moved away. To Cleveland, actually. I was... eight years old. Michael Green, who was also eight, asked if he could watch me take a pee. I said he could if I could watch him take one, too. He said okay, and then we went into the woods behind our house. I got this feeling he was chickening out because he kept saying, "Ladies first!" So I pulled down my underpants and urinated, and he ran away before I even finished. My first sexual experience or the first time I had intercourse? Cynthia Patrice Bishop. I'd rather sit. Are you ready? Do I sit or stand? Can I see some of the other tapes to get an idea of what -- How long will it take? And you ask questions, right? How do we start? Would anybody else see the tape? Is this how you get off or something? Taping women talking about their sexual experiences? And that's all? You just want to ask me questions? What makes you think I'd discuss that with you? About what? Doing what? Well, either you are or you aren't. Which is it? Well, they must be something sexual, because Ann gets freaked out by that shit. Are these tapes of you having sex with these girls or something? Oh, okay. I think I get it. I think you're right. So come on, I came all the way over here to find out what got Ann so spooked, tell me what happened. Well, I don't really listen to her when it comes to men. I mean, look at John, for crissake. Oh, you went to school with him didn't you? You're probably friends or something. I, uh, know a guy at the power company. Nope. Nope. Nope. She still is. Well, like I said, Ann is my sister. Sisters talk. You can imagine the rest. You want me to leave? She must have been in a good mood when she said that. She usually calls me loud. I'm Ann Millaney's sister. I'm Cynthia Bishop. No, John, things are getting real simple. John, we have nothing to talk about. I know. Will you please leave now? If he had been under your prick you'd have spotted him for sure. No, he didn't put me up to this. Jesus, I don't need people to tell me what I should do. I've just been thinking about things, that's all. Who? Come on, John. You should be happy, we've gone this far without Ann finding out, I'm making it real easy on you. Just walk out of here and I'll see you at your house for a family dinner sometime. How about straightening up the living room? Actually, no, I've changed my mind. I shouldn't have called. That's right. But I never took a vow in front of God and everybody to be "faithful" to my sister. Oh, please. Come on, John. You're fucking your wife's sister and you hardly been married a year. You're a liar. But at least I know you're a liar. It's the people that don't know, like Ann, that have to watch out. Exactly what I said. I'd trust him before I'd trust you. How much clearer can I be? Yeah, I do. A helluva lot more than I trust you. It won't. I trust him. No. Hung up. She's a grown-up, she can handle it. Why not? Of course. She is my sister. I tell her almost everything. I felt like it, so what? Goddam, you and Ann make such a big deal out of it. Doesn't work. He has to know the people, he has to be able to interact with them. Right. "The wrong hands"? We're not talking about military secrets, John. They're just tapes that he makes so he can sit around and get off. I like the way he dresses. Well, you know him, he's a friend of yours, do you think he can be trusted? What's so stupid about it? Look, I'll call you, okay? I don't think my sister would agree. I don't know. I'm not sure I can duplicate the level of intensity I had the other day. Well, this is timely. Your wife is here, would you like to speak to her? Hello. Then get those balls in the air and get your butt over here. Right now. I want to see you. Yeah, I know what you mean. How about inviting me over to dinner? Not today. I've got other plans. Hello. John? You are scum. I'll be there. Hello. Sure. Maybe he's the man I'm looking for. Then I won't have to fuck worried husbands all the time. I'm intrigued. You should be. Can I meet this friend of yours? Afraid of getting caught? Well, maybe I could just start a rumor, then. I wish I could tell everybody that Ann's a lousy lay. Beautiful, popular, Ann Bishop Millaney. I did. I can handle it. Besides, the money is good and some of the guys are cute. And you are in no position to be jealous. Why? Meaning we'll have to cool it for awhile, right? Don't give me this passive/aggressive bullshit. If you want to leave, leave. My life doesn't stop when you walk out the door, you know what I'm saying? I only get one today? Gee, how exciting.Well, why would she want a sun dress? She's got spots on her shoulders and varicose veins. There's a phone here. No, I touched me. Did he ask me to take my clothes off? No, he didn't.He said immediately. Mr. Forman would like to see you in his office. Mr. Millaney?