Remember, especially you men, that working together now will already have formed a bond before the child arrives. The woman is very sensitive.  Everyone is gone. Rhonda is in the bathroom.  What's that?  It will show up.  If my daddy calls, tell him I walked home.  You be careful and thank you for looking after Sunny.  Don't bother the poor boy. It just takes some people a little longer to figure out who they are.  The police are here to talk to you about the chickens.  Who is it?  This doesn't make any sense; you are going to drag that poor boy out in the cold air.  Let us settle this tomorrow.  Take Sunny home, please.  Go back to sleep.  You all act like two roosters.  You and Babe Brother are so much alike...  Hush.  Hush.  You're going to find yourself on the floor.  NO.  Because you were spoiled, don't try to spoil Sunny.  I want Sunny to have an advantage that you and I never had, but he needs discipline, and you are not helping when I tell him to do something and you allow him to get out of it.  Coffee is bad for anybody, especially for a child.  How old are you?  How are you?  It is so considerate of you.  I know you didn't but you have been so thoughtful.  I planted a row just for you and you don't owe me anything.  It hurts.  Don't push too fast! Breathe! The hard part is over. You can see the top of the head.  It hurts. The pain.  (scream) It's tearing me.  Father, give her a hand.  You do your part.  Can you tell what it is?  Almost there.  Ah, I wanted a girl.  I would like to finish reading this. What would I talk about? I haven't read this month's almanac. I don't care to hear about how the corn was this fall or how to get rid of gophers by putting garlic in their holes. They pride themselves in making life hard and that's not my cup of tea.  You know, Babe Brother's wife just dumps greens in the pot without washing them.  Everybody got the same. I breast fed him like I breast fed you.  You oughtn't tell him stories like that.  You stay back. You might cut your fingers.  Harry, I can't believe it is you. Gideon, look who is here.  Stranger my foot, it was my grandmother who helped you into this world.  Poor old Harry, he really must have been worn out. He has been asleep all day.  You should go back and rest.  One can tell you are from back home. These people nowadays don't know what manners are.  Those days you could always find something redeeming about even the worst person.  I was afraid to go to Marcus Bottom because of him.  You don't act like the rest of Gideon's friends. They believe if you are not hard at work, you are hard at sin.  I think he wants to see your rabbit foot.  What's a toby?  I thought you weren't old fashioned.  No. No. No. No. I had my Child at Cedars and Sinai. And that ain't no county hospital. You have to have cash or check before you come in the door.  Junior's wife kept her afterbirth' in the refrigerator. That's why I do not eat over there now.  How was church?  It has three bedrooms, one and a half baths. Well, yes, that means two toilets and one bath. Well... Yes, by appointment... Call me back if you decide.  You would think people never lived in a house if they have to ask what does 1 1/2 baths mean.  I told him we might not need it, if you can talk your parents into giving you your share of the property.  We could borrow on that land and put the money to work.  Yes. (beat) Mama?  Can I name the baby?  I have someone I want you to meet.  I couldn't believe it when Suzie called and said you were staying here. How have you been?  No, I'm a different person now, Harry.  Harry, that's not nice. I'm in church now.  Some people grow up and change their ways.  My mother passed on years ago.  M.C., you still ain't house broken.  Harry, what did you do, rob the graveyard?  I'm in church.  Suzie, you still have Joe's number?  I will have to look for it.  None of your business.  Harry, you know everything.  No, but I might have some Indian Chief Tonic.  I haven't heard anyone mention Swamp Root since button-up shoes went out.  You know the saying, "your heart is in your left hand."  I was quoting from the Bible. If the shoe fits, wear it.  Harry, you know you remind me of so much that went wrong in my life. When I heard you were here, I made a special effort to come and see you. I see you are still a pile of wet chicken feathers.  An empty wagon makes a lot of noise and you, tappy head, you ain't worth the salt you put in greens.  Is this your house?  It would be nice.  In the meantime Harry can slaughter us a hog.  Are you feeling well?  I've never been so tired in my life. Where is Sunny?  He is getting his things together. Babe Brother, you ought to take your wife home so she can get some rest.  Fred Jenkins.  Look, you better get out of my face before I slap the living daylights out of you.  Harry always tries to be the king fish. I told him I'm a new person. I'm saved.  How do you manage to keep in step and move around so like one of them young boys?  I think forcing him to go to church when he really doesn't understand is not saving his soul. When he gets old enough to make up his own mind about religion, that will be better. It will be his intellectual decision.  Do you want your coat? It's cold out here.  You better be careful. You'll get a stroke arguing.  Gideon, don't say things like that.  He is just being like all parents, concerned about the ones they love.  Babe Brother, I'm going to take my hand and hit you across your mouth.  He doesn't mean what he says.  No. Before anyone moves, you two shake hands and don't carry it any further.  Don't make me say something nasty now.  She has a fish bone caught in her throat. Could all of you go in the other room? Gideon, get some bread and toast it quickly and find me the cod liver oil.  Are you going to work or sleep all day?  Remember, you promised to take Sunny to Magic Mountain today.  Just stay in bed and rest.  You stay inside. I will see to them.  Tolerable well.  He wasn't able to get out of bed today.  He has never gotten rid of the malaria. He is usually up and at it the next day. I'm going to make him fresh chicken broth.  Can you watch Gideon for a while? One of the girls is going into labor. Junior is going to drive me over.  Oh my Lord!  Well, you look better than you did yesterday.  Let me get you a cup?  You must have been really sick.  I need to get out there and get those weeds out.  Why in the h...  Why don't you wait?  I'm okay. Go back to your friends.  I put some Plummer Christian Leaves under his feet to draw the fever out.  I crossed his stomach with cold oil and gave him some cow tea.  Something pleasant.  Put the river behind me.  I don't know where that music is coming from.  Something just took control of him. He stays out all night and comes home with a pocket full of money.  I told Babe Brother that if Harry sets foot in our house again, I'm taking Sunny and leaving. Just as I said that, here come Harry and his old resurrected friends, hobbling up the steps.  No, this was an accident.  It was unintentional.  What do you want?  (beat) No. Nothing happened to him.  Counting the gray hairs in your head.  I was just trying to make conversation.  He is in his pigeon cage.  You know the man next door is near death.  He must have gotten rid of those chickens. You don't hear them crowing anymore... I kind of miss it now.  Mama, come see what Sunny did.  As long as he keeps his throat clear, he is able to get some rest.  That is very thoughtful of you. I haven't had time to tend to my garden like I should.  You are very sweet, but Gideon has already taken care of everything in case something happens to him. He has a policy.  Excuse me. I have to go feed my dog.  You know Harry lied about how that boy Hocker got kilt. And it was Harry who saw Emory last before they found him hanging over a levee like someone would hang a hog.  I remember Harry always trying to help someone. He got Lulla's daughter out of trouble. He was always running to the store for someone who couldn't leave the house.  Harry always shows his good side and, like the moon, the other side is black. Back home he always did try to act like the colored gentleman. I'm telling you Harry is nothing but evil. I'm warning you -- you can't keep a wild animal as a pet around children.  You know Okra asked me to marry him the other evening.  Rush your mouth, girl. No, he didn't. He cannot be that big of a damn fool.  I asked Harry about it. He didn't own up to it. He said he didn't know what got into Okra.  He's just raffish. Harry put him up to it. Before evening sun sets, I would have his belongings back on Route 55, that old fox.  I can't accuse him just dry long  Everybody who have been associated with Harry end up with pennies over their eyes.  What must I do?  If it was left up to me, I would poison him.  Good afternoon to you.  I'm going to check on Gideon.  You must have done something to her.  Hattie is a different person now.  I'm glad you brought that up as to who you are. I have to know who is in my house.  Only if you are a good man, a friend. Are you a friend?  I want you to leave.  What for?  I've heard some foolish things in my life.  Have you lost your mind? Have you thought about your wife and child, not to mention your sick father? And I need your help to move his bed from under the leak in the ceiling.  Don't make me raise my hand to you. You have to see for yourself that you are going in the wrong direction.  I do have a right to ask you to be a little bit better than me and your father because we gave you a better head start. You have no right to complain to us about your not having enough.  (forcefully) You sit right there with your no manners self.  Brother is in the kitchen.  He said he was busy. He is mad 'cause he wanted to get in the garage to get his things so he could go with Harry.  You are going to need some stitches. We better take her to the emergency hospital.  What about Pat?  What sort of emergency are you here for?  I cut my hand.  Let me take a look at it.  Are you all together?  The bleeding has stopped but it will need stitches. You will have to fill out this form. How will this be covered, insurance, cash or check?  I have Medicare.  Do you need to see the doctor too?  Well, it is Friday night and a full moon.  How is Gideon doing?  He is asleep now, but he was up all night eating.  You ought to go see how your father is doing and then wash that blood off you and change shirts.  Gideon.  (to Sunny) I told you to always put those marbles up and not to leave them just anywhere.  Would anybody object if I take a look at him?  I never noticed how big his eyes were.  He doesn't know when he will be out this way again. Somebody downtown is going to hear about this.  You better come sit down. You are still sick.  He dropped dead.  Since this morning.  I cut it on an old rusty knife.  It's healing now.  They can't say. I'll try calling them again.  Why don't M.C. and you drag him to your house?  How do you like that? They hung up in my face. I'll fix them. I'll show them just how mean I can get.  This has been a nightmare.  I still don't know if I was right about Harry.  Like a veil has been lifted?  Like muddy waters?  You were in hell?  Do you think you won?  And what lesson have we learned from all of this, Babe Br... Sam... I mean Samuel?  It feels like a storm has passed... Hattie read some of Harry's letters to a woman he had a child by. The child had died and he was writing to give her some comfort. Hattie didn't know that deep down at the bottom of Harry's hate, there was some love.  I don't want to hear any joke about colored people being in hell. You're being irreverent.  I don't want to hear any tales about colored people...  I don't care to hear any jokes about people being in hell. This cut on my hand reminds me that it is nothing to laugh at.  Plant him in Potter's Field. He doesn't need a marked grave.  His winter has come and gone and I know right now he is answering for a lot of things.  I know you all haven't had a chance to cook or do anything with that dead man in your kitchen. You must be starved to death. Some of your neighbors have got together and we set up a picnic table in my backyard with food and everything to feed all you all.  Virginia, that is so wonderful of you all!  