Bellevue. Straight up First -- Don't hurt him. Gimme back my bottle. The hell you do. At this hour? Ms. Vin's sister.I need sleep. Some of us are mere mortals. Eddie... go home. Get some sleep. Eddie... A guilty client's not the end of the world... Eddie this is silly... are we supposed to pretend nothing's happened in the last ten years and -- Eddie, if I wanted to make love with you again, I'd do it sober. You don't drink "booze". Right. I'm a professional, Eddie. Getting paid is all the thanks I require. A number of them are dead, three are in prison, one's a waiter... Two -- you'll enjoy this -- two are actually members of the Chamber of Commerce. Eddie, these things take time. Particularly at this hour... I didn't put him in a wheelchair. Reynard did. He can get around without one -- it's all in my report. I've phoned every art supply retailer and wholesaler in the Tri-state area. No one's heard of Chuckie Roeder. So there goes your theory about the Joes giving up Shu to protect their trigger man. "...are close to naming the man they believe actually killed Jimmy Chin"? "Dowd also reports that his team of private investigators..."? I was never politically correct enough for Comrade Dowd. I'm kicking myself, Eddie... Right out of here. Just which Constitutional amendment protects our right to peddle PCP? Beats getting paid in twenties by slimedogs selling angel dust to high school seniors. Eddie, I'm not working on this case. You boys have fun. You're doing a murder case? No -- leave him be. It's better for everyone. It's okay. It was always like that. But they've still got Laura Gordon -- and she was the closest, about 20 feet from the killer. You getting this? So what'd this guy do? Snitch off a dealer? My skip-trace turned up two Cecil Stipes. One's in Butte, Montana. Other's at Riverhead Veterans Psychiatric. You read Eddie's Chase Manhattan Bombing summation in the Leftist Law anthology?You mustn't talk to Art. You mustn't tell Art that I was at the trial. Do you hear me? Look. Mister -- -- Why don't you ask Chuckie? That's right. I knew Jimmy Chin. The boy who was shot. Okay? -- What trial? What do you want?Not the whole time, of course. I -- I didn't take my eyes off it! I can see the hammer still, it was cocked... It was silver, with a stubby barrel... snub-nosed, I think they call it... It wasn't automatic, it had one of those... cylinders... I can describe it.