I finally got through to Sloan--it was all a misunderstanding that we had: he would have told the Grand Jury about Haldeman, he was ready to, only nobody on the Grand Jury asked him the goddamn question. You overslept? What was the mistake? Do you think it's been rigged, all along the way, leading us on so they could slip it to us when it mattered? They couldn't have set us up better; after all these months our credibility's gone, you know what that means? Woodward? I know a guy in the Justice Department who was around the Grand Jury. How many fucking sources they think we got?-- --and the FBI confirms--what more do you need?-- --Jesus-- I wish we were investigating Attila the Hun. What's the matter? Well, we are trying to ruin his life. Nah. Maybe. Who? --Mitchell, Stans, Magruder, Kalmbach-- He'll give us a sworn statement. You think this was Clawsen's initiation? You think we're being set up?--Christ, Deep Throat tells you last night that the letter came from inside the White House and up traipses Marilyn naming names. What would you have done? --'cause I only know four chords-- Segovia begged me for me secret but I said, "No, Andres, you'll have to try and make it without me." --because a year before, the Republicans weren't ahead, not in the polls, Muskie was running ahead of Nixon then. Before he self- destructed. Now the reason no one believed the Republicans is because there wasn't any reason, they were so far ahead. But Segretti was talking to these other lawyers a year before the break- in. Dwight Chapin, Nixon's appointments chief--he knew Segretti in school. Maybe I'm crazy, but this is the first time any of this starts to make sense. What were the three theories? That's what we've got to find out, but Segretti went to Southern Cal. and so did a bunch of Nixon men-- --for the first time I'm beginning to feel like a fucking reporter-- Woodward, I got a tip. A guy called me up with a tip-- --someone named Donald Segretti contacted a bunch of lawyers and asked them if they'd like to go to work with him screwing up the Democrats, dirty tricks, shit like that. The FBI knows about Segretti-- Howard Hunt made a bunch of phone calls to him--they interrogated him, but on account of Segretti wasn't involved with the break-in, they didn't follow through. But Segretti did a lot of traveling--he called these lawyers from different places, and he told them the Republicans knew what he was doing. --I want you to shut up and listen to me-- --almost every source we've used has been Republican, this guy's a card- carrying Democrat. --I know a lawyer at Justice-- --if we could name the guys got the reports, we'd be ahead again-- --we gotta top the Times-- Goddamnit-- --the lookout in the Motor Inn?-- --he say anything we don't know?-- Look--five men controlled that slush fund as CREEP--three of them we've got, Mitchell, Stans, Magruder, and we're pretty sure of Kalmbach. --Colson. Nothing--I just found out that Jeb Magruder from CREEP is a bigger bike freak than I am. I never like it when the other guy's human... And I'll just shitkick in my usual way. He's another Ivy Leaguer so he'll probably expect you to be understanding--might surprise him if you're not. How do you want to handle Sloan? --she was really paranoid, the bookkeeper. It goes very high--we've got to find out where-- --we've got to find out who the five guys are--the five with access to the slush fund--they were aware of the break-in. I couldn't believe what she told me. Eight cups of coffee worth. You voted for him. '68. Who'd you vote for? Republican? I hate both parties. We appreciate your position--really. We understand your problem-- We never reveal our sources, which is why you can talk to us. I just wish we knew when someone would talk to us, that's all. We know there's got to be something or they wouldn't be so panicked. Facts or theory? I never scared anyone before. My first day as a copy boy I was sixteen and wearing my only grown-up suit--it was cream colored. At 2:30 the head copy boy comes running up to me and says, "My God, haven't you washed the carbon paper yet? If it's not washed by three, it'll never by dry for tomorrow." And I said, "Am I supposed to do that?" and he said, "Absolutely, it's crucial." So I run around and grab all the carbon paper from all the desks and take it to the men's room. I'm standing there washing it and it's splashing all over me and the editor comes in to take a leak, and he says, "What the fuck do you think you're doing?" And I said, "It's 2:30. I'm washing the carbon paper." Just wanted you to know I've done dumber things than get us lost, that's all. I don't get it... this really was my turf... Alphabetically, on the CREEP phone list, Miss Helen Abbott of South George Street. Were you eyebrow reading? And?--And?-- See her? Get anything? Christ, and I even know somebody at the phone company-- ---fifteen or more phone calls from the burglars in Miami to Gordon Liddy at CREEP-- --I'm trying-- Goddamnit-- What's that? And you haven't called him?-- That was fun. What now? About the past year. We need a sympathetic face. It makes sense; Hunt worked for the C.I.A. and the White House was paranoid about Teddy Kennedy. Maybe a political operative of some sort-- --what do you think?-- I lived here all my life, I got a million contacts, but they're all bus boys and bellhops. Hmm. What, though? It can't be the Republicans--he'd never allow something as stupid as this, not when he's gonna slaughter McGovern anyway. Well, Barker tried to get blueprints of the Miami Convention Center and the air-conditioning system. Let me lay a little theory on you-- Forget it, the main thing-- --did you call me a failure? You heard? They put us both on the break-in thing. Simons liked the way we worked together. Listen, I'm sorry I said your story was bullshit. Yeah? Mainly it has to do with your choice of words. --read 'em both and you'll see-- --mine's better-- --they're all the same, all those Ivy League places--they teach you about striped ties and suddenly you're smart-- --you only got the job because both you and Bradlee went to Yale-- --what have you been here, nine months?--I been in this business since I was sixteen-- --it was bullshit the way it was-- --I sure couldn't hurt it, could I?-- Night. 11:30. Sir, I'd like to ask you a few-- --to become President Nixon's campaign manager on March 1, Mitchell personally approved withdrawals from the fund-- --almost a year before he left the Justice Department-- --according to sources involved in the Watergate investigation. Beginning in the spring of 1971-- --fund that was used to gather information against the Democrats-- John N. Mitchell, while serving as US Attorney General, personally controlled a secret cash fund that-- This? Naw... --yeah, that was in The Times this morning. The telephone calls... we know about that. Whatever. I'm on deadline. Look, you've been jerking my chain all day. If there's some reason you can't talk to me--like the fact that you've already leaked everything to The New York Times--just say so. Good. Just tell him I was here, that I'm sorry I missed him-- Mr. Dardis does call in every so often? Could you reach Mr. Dardis by car radio? I called him from Washington. He's the one who asked me to be here at eleven in the morning. I'd really like to see Mr. Dardis. Hi, it's me. I'm still here. --Teddy Kennedy? Any idea what he did? --Howard Hunt? At USC, you had a word the this-- screwing up the opposition you all did it at college and called it ratfucking. Ever wonder if Nixon might turn out to be the biggest ratfucker of them all? It gets interesting if it was Haldeman, because our word is that when Chapin says something, he's gotten the OK from Haldeman, and when Haldeman says something, he's gotten the OK from the President. On the orders of Haldeman? Chapin did contact you then? But you know who did. You wrote the Canuck letter--the one where you claimed Muskie slurred the Canadians. During the Florida primary, you wrote a letter on Muskie stationery saying Scoop Jackson had a bastard child. You wrote another that said Hubert Humphrey was out with call girls. Tell that to Muskie. Do you feel much about the things you did? When did he hire you? By "they" you mean the White House, don't you? Your buddy from USC, Dwight Chapin-- he works for the White House. By "they" you mean...? Listen--we know you're involved in this--we're going to get the story, why not help? According to what we've been able to verify, you've been busy. Mind if I try? I'm Carl Bernstein. My paper sent me out to see if I couldn't persuade you to go on the record. Donald Segretti? --he was going to go into law practice with Segretti. We've just been talking to Young-- --yes-- Down to Miami and back--how much damage can I do? --that was awhile ago-- I think it might be helpful if you'd send me to Miami. Harry, I just talked to a Miami investigator about Barker-- Absolutely-- --if he did it or just said he did it, God knows. --there's nothing new in it-- --what?-- What's a real denial? --and we got a guy in Justice-- --no-- Nobody's perfect. I'm glad you're out of it, Hannah-- you're a terrific reporter and I turned you into a bookkeeper. There's always a later plane. It's right under that pile. I think. Five hundred; six maybe. Hey... very tense. Oh, they're here. I'm keeping much better records now, Hannah. See? Hannah, I never would have bothered you but I'm off to Miami and they're gonna take away my ten speed unless I get it straightened out fast. Hey, easy... If you don't like it down there, why don't you quit? FBI too? --you don't really think you're being followed? This is practically a high school reunion for us, Jane--I would have sprung for a classier place. Think Sloan's being set up as a fall guy for John Mitchell? Sometimes it looks that way. Gordon Liddy, you mean? It's awfully hot-- --and you haven't finished telling me about the money-- Sloan knew which five, didn't he? Who were they? Which people? Could buy a lot of steaks, 350,000 dollars. --it was all in hundreds, wasn't it? It's obvious you want to talk to someone--well, I'm someone. I was just curious--you don't do it well, so I wondered. Have you been threatened, if you told the truth, is that it? --right, right, I've got to go. Why did you lie just then? You were Hugh Sloan's bookkeeper when he worked for Maurice Stans at Finance, and we were sort of wondering, did you go work for Stans immediately after Sloan quit or was there a time lapse? We don't tell anyone that. Which is why you can talk to us. And if we can't verify what you say someplace else, we don't print it. That's another reason you can relax. But I want you to know that I understand why you're afraid--a lot of good people down there at the Committee are afraid. I'm really sorry for what you're being put through. Just let me get a match. Irwin? I really feel bad, doing something like this--you know that, don't you? Who by? Just tell me about the goddamn article. Something maybe big. No games, Irwin; give. So tell me about the Times article. Why couldn't you have just dialed me from the office, Irwin? --if we wrote a story that said Haldeman controlled the fund?-- --that leaves Haldeman, period. --it's gotta be Haldeman--someone from the White House had to be involved-- --this'll only take one second-- What happens when the baby comes? Ordinarily, though, what was the procedure? Right. Kalmbach--Nixon's personal lawyer. But they both worked at the White House? To cover up? Because people at the Committee were told to lie to the prosecutors? Do you think the truth will come out at the trial? --then again, maybe things are even worse than we've written----what about you?-- --Bernstein, are you sure on this story? I could care less about where it happened; what happened is what counts. Put him on. Ken, I'm sorry, it was Goddamn Beirut and they were having a crisis, what's up, kid? Slow down, Ken, you sound frazzled. A wife and a family and a cat and a dog, right, Ken. Ken, I would never print that you were in Marilyn's apartment at night-- unless, of course, you force me to. --it makes the break-in real--it's a major goddamn story-- --I'm not going to kick ass over this, but I'd like you to know I hate getting beat, I just hate it-- don't forget that I hate it-- --it would have been nice to have had this, I sure would have liked to have had this-- I thought you guys were supposed to be working on this story-- --you think I like being aced out? If they ever start calling us goddamn liars-- --it's time to start circling the wagons. --Deep Throat?-- --goddamnit, when's somebody gonna go on the record on this story-- My non-denial denial. --well shit, we oughtta be tense-- we're about to accuse Mr. Haldeman who only happens to be the second most important man in America of conducting a criminal conspiracy from inside the White House-- --it would be nice if we were right-- --I don't know, I don't know, it feels thin-- --all non-denial denials--we're dirty guys and they doubt we were ever virgins but they don't say the story is inaccurate. Then it's our asses, isn't it? You saying the Democrats bugged themselves? It will, it just hasn't bottomed out yet, give it time. Go on. Anything else from Mr. Throat? We can't talk inside either? --I'm not sure, it still feels thin-- --what do you think?-- I got Clawsen on hold-- OK. You're about to write a story that says that the former Attorney General-- the man who represented law in America-- is a crook. Just be right, huh? This is a daily paper, we'll explain it tomorrow. You're certain on Mitchell? Is he on the level of Assistant to the President or not? Just tell me his title. How senior?You don't mind getting on people's nerves, do you? Are you implying you don't believe me? Barker's wife called me at three this morning; her husband apparently had told her to call if he hadn't called her by then. --I met one of the defendants, Mr. Barker, at a social occasion once-- --I have nothing more to say. They are not my clients. There is no reason to assume other people were involved. So? I assure you, there's nothing mysterious involved. Look, I told you inside-- Clearly, I am here, but only as an individual, I'm not the attorney of record. Mr. Rafferty has that position. Whatever you want, you'll have to get from him, I have nothing more to say. --I'm not here.--I've completely forgotten where it was, except I know it wasn't her apartment. Where? What do you mean, where? That's a bullshit question, that's a question straight out of Wichita, Kansas. Absolutely--Marilyn's gotten it totally wrong--I never could figure just who this Dahlberg was. Think it might be anything? The rest is Barker's bank records. It's mostly the eighty-nine thousand in Mexican cashier's checks-- I'll never get out of here in time. You want Barker's phone stuff or his money stuff? Listen, I've got a dinner--can't we do this tomorrow?You'll have to find that out, won't you?-- --you've done worse than let Haldeman slip away, you've got people feeling sorry for him--I didn't think that was possible. A conspiracy like this-- the rope has to tighten slowly around everyone's neck. You build from the outer edges and you go step by step. If you shoot too high and miss, then everybody feels more secure. You've put the investigation back months. I was being cautious. You can safely say more then fifty... Yes, yes, everything. There were over fifty people employed by the White House and CREEP to ratfuck-- some of what they did is beyond belief. Nationwide--my God, they were frightened of Muskie and look who got destroyed--they wanted to run against McGovern, and look who they're running against. They bugged, they followed people, false press leaks, fake letters, they canceled Democratic campaign rallies, they investigated Democratic private lives, they planted spies, stole documents, on and on-- don't tell me you think this was all the work of little Don Segretti. --don't you miss the grand scheme too. Follow every lead--every lead goes somewhere-- --don't concentrate on Segretti or you'll miss the overall scheme too. Total manipulation. I suppose you could say they wanted to subvert the Constitution, but they don't think along philosophical lines. You get nothing from me about Haldeman? Of course--my God, you think something this big just happens? The break-in and the cover up, of course Mitchell knew, but no more than Ehrlichman. Someone with authority I'd imagine, wouldn't you? Don't you know what you're onto? Come on. They know, but they focused on the burglary--if it didn't deal with the break-in, they didn't pursue it. I hope you noticed how coolly I behaved under the threat of discovery. Did you change cabs? It didn't work, something moved there-- You'll have to find that out, won't you. Yes, the little ratfuckers are now running our government. In my day, it was simply called the double cross. I believe the CIA refers to it as Mindfuck. In our context, it simply means infiltration of the Democrats. My turn to keep you waiting. What's the topic for tonight? Talk? Once, at a gathering, he put his hand over a candle. And he kept it there. He kept it right in the flame until his flesh seared. A woman who was watching asked, "What's the trick?" And he replied. "The trick is not minding." What I know, you'll have to find out on your own. --melodramatic? Things are past that--remember, these are men with switchblade mentalities who run the world as if it were Dodge City. You changed cabs? You're sure no one followed you? Go on. Follow the money. Always follow the money. Because the press stinks too--history on the run, that's all you're interested in. You come up with anything? Then there must be something, mustn't there. Look, forget the myths the media's created about the White House-- the truth is, these are not very bright guys, and things got out of hand. You thought I'd help out on specifics? I'll confirm what you get, try to keep you on the right track, but that's all. Are you guys really working? How much? I saw the flag signal--what's up?The FBI thinks it's possible--the Democrats need a campaign issue, corruption's always a good one. Get off the story, Ben--or put some people on McGovern's finances; fair is fair, even in our business. Look--why would the Republicans do it? --my God, McGovern is self- destructing before our eyes--just like Muskie did, Humphrey, the bunch of 'em. Why would the burglars have put the tape around the door instead of up and down unless they wanted to get caught? Why did they take a walkie- talkie and then turn it off, unless they wanted to get caught? Why would they use McCord--the only direct contact to the Republicans? Ben, Jesus, there are over two thousand reporters in this town, are there five on Watergate? Where did we suddenly get all this wisdom? It's not that we're using unnamed sources that bothers me, or that everything we print the White House denies, or that almost no other papers are reprinting our stuff. I don't think either Metropolitan or National should cover the story. I don't think we should cover the story, period.Good God! --yes, yes, what is it? Howard Hunt here.A Miami D.A. The guy doing the investigating is named Martin Dardis. It was accurate, but I can't get a fuller listing for you--all Barker's phone records have been subpoenaed. And that makes anything you do OK, is that it? My big civil rights buddy-- --boy, if John Mitchell was after your phone records, would you be screaming. What're you onto? What do you want to know? 'Cause I'm not calling out from the phone company anymore-- --I think the place is bugged.Where? Where in government? Where? And what is your occupation, Mr. McCord? Will you step forward, sir. Your name, please.The C.I.A. ...Central... Intelligence... Agency... Government. Recently retired. Security consultant. James McCord.Oh. Morning or night? --what time is it? --all that crap, you're putting it in the paper? It's all been denied. You tell your publisher--tell Katie Graham she's gonna get her tit caught in a big fat wringer if that's published. Good Christ! That's the most sickening thing I ever heard. --jeeeeeeeeesus-- --jeeeeeeesus-- --jeeeeeeesus-- --jeeeeeeesus-- What does it say?--well, what if your boys get it wrong-- --well, I've got some pretty experienced fellas sitting around, wouldn't you say so?-- --this White House guy, a good one, a pro, came up and asked what is this Watergate compulsion with you guys and I said, well, we think it's important and he said, if it's so goddamn important, who the hell are Woodward and Bernstein? --nobody gives a shit about the Dahlberg repercussions--And?-- Speak. --you got more than one source?-- You're the fella who forgot he rented a Hertz car, do I have to tell you they didn't forget to send us the bill? --"I think it might be helpful if you'd send me to Toronto." That was your spiel then. "The Lifestyles of Deserters." I'm still waiting for it. I'm the one sent you to Toronto, Bernstein-- --so? --absolutely--and that's all they do, sit sit sit--every once in a while, they call up a Senator, some reporting-- Ask him what he's really saying--he means take the story away from Woodstein and give it to his people at the National Desk-- --correction--when you were drinking your lunch at the bar of the Sans Souci-- --quit equivocating, say what you mean-- --our story got Government Accounting to start an audit on CREEP's finances-- --you are ignoring the importance of the Dahlberg repercussions-- --who you got?-- I think we got a White House consultant linked to the bugging. So? Whaddya got, whaddya got? Just that on his office wall there's a cartoon with a caption reading, "When you've got them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow." The second most powerful man is Robert Haldeman. Just below him are a trio: Mr. Erlichman is Haldeman's friend, and they protect the President from everybody which is why they are referred to as either The German Shepherds or the Berlin Wall. Mr. Mitchell we've already discussed. Mr. Colson is the President's special counsel. The most powerful man in America is President Nixon, probably you've heard his name. I would liken your query to being in Russia half a century ago and asking someone, "I understand who Lenin is and Trotsky I got too, but who's this yokel Stalin?" I can't sell hints to Simons-- --you called everyone you know? Call someone you don't know. What'd you get on W.House? As a rough rule of thumb, as far as I can throw Bronco Nagurski, that's how much I trust John Mitchell... Mr. John Mitchell, the head of CREEP, says it means nothing. "...This man and the other people involved were not operating on either our behalf or with our consent. These is no place in our campaign or in the electoral process for this type of activity, and we will not forget it or condone it." Then how come the Associated Press were the ones found out that Mr. McCord is security coordinator for the Committee to Re-elect the President, otherwise known as CREEP? OK, get on this W.House guy and do a better job then you did on McCord. Don't know; who the hell's Howard Hunt? It's probably nothing but check it out. Just go easy, it could be crazy Cubans. ...go on, go on... Two o'clock, work the phones 'til you go. As usual, that keen mind of yours has pegged the situation perfectly. Except it wasn't local Democratic Headquarters, it was National Democratic Headquarters-- --and these weren't just any idiots, these were special idiots, seeing as when they were arrested at 2:30 this morning, they were all wearing business suits and Playtex gloves and were carrying-- --a walkie-talkie, forty rolls of film, cameras, lock picks, pen-sized tear gas guns, plus various bugging devices. Not to mention over two thousand dollars, mostly in sequenced hundred dollar bills. Where's that cheery face we've come to know and love? One Senator just gave a speech slurring us 57 times in 20 minutes. --maybe I'm tense-- --listen, I love this country, you think I want to bring it down?--I'm not some goddamn zany, I was a hawk-- --listen, we didn't make them do these things--once they did, it's our job to report it-- --political, personal, sexual, anything at all against Mitchell?-- I know, I did, but damnit Howard-- For the first time since I've known him, I think he's really humping... That was awhile ago. Howard-- I can predict the next words you're gonna say: "anyone but Bernstein." I want to send a reporter to Miami. Could develop. Woodward's onto a new wrinkle with the break-in thing--absolute page one stuff--Can't help you. I don't know anything about Haldeman, except, Dwight's frightened of him-- everybody's frightened of him--Christ, I wish I'd never gotten messed around with this--all I wanna do is sit in the sun; sit, swim, see some girls. Sure--off the record. None of it was my idea, Carl--I didn't go looking for the job. When you guys print it in the paper, then I'll know. I'm a lawyer, and I'll probably go to jail, and be disbarred, and what did I do that was so awful? I didn't. Sometimes it got up to a quarter maybe-- --off the record. Oh, maybe nickel and dime stuff. I didn't do anything wrong. I know where Dwight works. They never told me anything except my own role--I had to find out the rest in the papers. I've got a lot of energy. You can't. That's right.What's this? --you double-checked both sources?-- --Christ, I wish I knew if we should print this-- Same kind of crap-- And we'll all have to go to work for a living. More denunciations? --Harry, weren't you just arguing the opposite way?-- --go over your sources again-- --has any of them got an ax?-- I don't get it--you were the one who wanted to fire him. --remember Toronto, Harry. Anyone but Bernstein. Let me see what you get, but don't jump--The New York Times thinks it's crazy Cubans. --in other words, you got nothing, you're thumbsucking. Anything? --well and good, but when will he say it on the record. --which Young? I don't know, but I don't think that's unreasonable either, do you? Maybe to fire you--since you two started on this story, the Post stock has dropped, what, 50 percent? And the word is some Nixon people are challenging her TV licenses. I'm not saying she's going on relief, but I don't think it's unreasonable for her to want to meet you. --can we use their names?-- Isn't that what you'd expect them to say? What else have you got?--let me put it this way: I'd have no problem if you did. I'm not your source on that. --I'm not your source on that-- --my wife just had the baby, my in- laws are arriving, I'm trying to get the house in some kind of shape. I really can't talk now-- We're moving. I've been looking for a job but it's been... hard. My name's been in the papers too much. Sometimes I wonder if reporters understand how much pain they can inflict in just one sentence. I'm not thinking of myself. But my wife, my parents, it's been very rough on them. Routine--I'd just call John Mitchell over at the Justice Department and he'd say "go ahead, give out the money." Then Barker withdrew the 25 thousand in hundred dollar bills and gave it back to Liddy who gave it back to me and I put it in the office safe which was crammed. I will not talk about the other two. Well, they sure didn't ask us to come forward and tell the truth. We were never told flat out "Don't talk." But the message was clear. That's another of the things I'm not so sure of. Try and understand this. I'm a decent Republican. I believe in Richard Nixon. I worked in the White House four years--so did my wife. What happened on June 17 I don't think the President knew anything about. Some of his men I'm not so sure of. --they're worse. That's why I quit. Of course--everything they asked-- No, none of those. A girl. Melissa. Well, when Liddy came and asked for money for what turned out to be the break-in funds, I went to the safe and gave him--out of this whole fortune--I happened to give him the same hundreds he gave me--banks have to keep track of hundreds. If the money had been in fifties, or if I'd grabbed a different stack, there probably wouldn't have been any Watergate story. Badly. You don't realize how close all this came to staying undiscovered--I gave Liddy the Dahlberg check and he gave it to Barker who took it to Miami and deposited it. I can't say anything, I'm sorry. I won't talk about the other two. Colson's too smart to get directly involved with something like that. When so ordered. No. It was closer to seven hundred thousand. As opposed to the Committee? The Committee's not an independent operation. Everything is cleared with the White House. I don't think that the FBI or the prosecutors understand that. I'd like to talk to you, I really would, but my lawyers say I shouldn't until after the Watergate trial. My wife told me to expect you. As you know, I haven't talked to the press.So I guess you could say that we screwed up, but we weren't wrong. Goddamnit!-- Only everything... Hmm? --We got twenty minutes to deadline-- --Deep Throat won't confirm--I never thought he was scared of anyone, but he's scared of Haldeman. --Sloan told the Grand Jury--he answered everything they asked him-- that means there's a record somewhere-- --he said John Haldeman, not Bob Haldeman-- Maybe we are... Same as Magruder, I don't like it when they turn out to be human. It's nothing personal, though. What if I went up and introduced myself--think he'd slug me? Haldeman. I think that's him. --we're working on the last guy now and we're going all the way--that fifth man was Haldeman. --That cash fund that financed the sabotaging of the Democrats--five guys had control-- We're inside the White House now. Could have won him a fraternity paddle with a White House seal. God knows it worked. It makes a crazy kind of sense-- remember that initiation rite they have at the White House? Each new member of the President's staff has to prove his guts by getting an enemy of Nixon. You asking would I have been one of the President's men? I would have been. California, Illinois, Florida, New Hampshire--all the major Democratic primary states. Why does everything you play sound the same? Segretti criss-crossed the country over ten times in six months--and never stayed anyplace over a night or two. Switch to another station, huh? You're driving me crazy with that. If he self-destructed. So maybe Watergate wasn't really about Watergate--maybe that was just a piece-- The burglary was done by Cubans or Democrats or Republicans. --Haldeman I know, who else? How high up, which Republicans? --I haven't said anything-- Then he's got an ax. Call him anyway. --has he got an ax?-- --shit, who do we know?-- --I know, I know-- --shit-- --just that a lot of reports were sent to CREEP, but he doesn't name who, not here anyway-- --The L.A. Times has a huge interview with Baldwin-- We'd like to wait til we have all five before we print it. --there had to be a White House overseer-- Think Sloan's back? What's wrong? You want me to be the bastard. You mean, who's going to play the mean M.P. and who's going to be the nice one? Whichever. That happens to people. OK, go on. --we will-- Then tomorrow's grand jury indictments will just be bullshit. Go on, go on-- Did he just say what I think he said? Nixon. When? Sure. And I'm a Republican. --you believe in the President, you wouldn't ever want to do anything disloyal. It's safe, try it, you'll see. And that something's got to be more than just Hunt, Liddy, and the five burglars--those indictments are gonna be bullshit when they come down. What else do we know? Anything you've got. It's not us, they were scared before we got there. What do we know? This is terrific work, if you like rejection. You're not a kid anymore. Who's first? It was there. I just don't get it; a CREEP secretary being scared, that's one thing. But what does the wife of one of the most powerful men in America have to be afraid of...? --she was panicked, Carl--every time I mentioned Watergate, you could tell. For the paper, no; for us, plenty. I waited a long time and finally this big guy--I guess a bodyguard-- he left and I knocked and she remembered me, we talked awhile. --you do?--with access to records? Why didn't we get that? --fifteen phone calls-- --see?-- The fucking New York Times. I met a Presidential aide once at a social occasion. July of '71. You think they are confidential? I don't know anything about how this town works, I haven't lived here a year yet. --a spy, you mean? --Hunt doesn't seem like your ordinary consultant. What do you think he meant, this particular incident? Were there others? How would we find out? You know anyone important? Hey? Right. Nixon didn't get where he got by being dumb-- --listen, that was a Watergate question-- And McCord was carrying an application for college press credentials for the Democratic convention. The Times has got to be full of it-- it can't be crazy Cubans. --I'm not interested in theory. What do we know? For example, Hunt's disappeared. All right, what do we know? I was sure trying. It's OK; I'm sorry I called you a failure. Fuck you, Carl. Carl? What is it about my writing that's so rotten? --no way-- --I'm smart enough to know my story was solid-- --Bradlee went to Harvard-- --and you've had some fucking meteoric rise, that's for sure--by the time you turn forty you might be the head of the Montana bureau-- --I have to stand here and listen to the staff correspondent from Virginia?-- --it was fine the way it was-- What the hell were you doing rewriting my story-- Mitchell started the cover-up early, everyone is involved in the cover- up, all the way to the top. The whole U.S. intelligence community is mixed in with the covert activities. The extent of it is incredible. And people's lives are in danger, maybe including ours. Electronic surveillance. --I'm sure-- --he went to her apartment and he told her-- --his dialing finger must be falling off-- --I saw him. He verifies. He approved the payments to Liddy while he was still Attorney General-- I don't know titles. You asking me to disclose my source? I was told by this guy at the White House that Hunt was investigating Teddy Kennedy. I have nothing more to say. It was really nice of you to come, since you'd only met him once. A Miami social occasion? Mr. Rafferty told me the Cubans were from Miami. You're a lawyer and you're here-- Your clients were arrested with a walkie-talkie; they didn't need that to talk among themselves. Did you know to come because one of the other men involved in the break- in called you? Well, they never would have been assigned if anyone had known the burglars had arranged for their own counsel. And that could only mean the burglars didn't arrange for their own counsel--they never even made a phone call. So if they didn't ask for you to be here, how did you know to come? Probably you're right, but a little while ago, I was talking to a couple of lawyers who'd been assigned to represent the burglars. What I don't understand is how you got here. --you have nothing more to say, I understand that. Mr. Rafferty was very helpful. Four Cuban-Americans and this other man, James McCord. Douglas Caddy, the attorney of record, when questioned about his presence in the courtroom, denied he was in the courtroom, "I'm not here," Mr. Caddy said. OK. Mr. Caddy? My name's Bob Woodward, I'm from the Post and I wanted to ask about how you happened to come on this case-- Well, was it in a bar, her apartment, some restaurant-- Sorry, Ken; listen, one last thing: where did your talk with Berger happen? She's an awfully good reporter--I can't remember her getting too much wrong before, can you? You claiming it was all a misunderstanding, Ken? That checks out with our finding, thank you, Mr. Dahlberg. I see. And how do you think it reached Miami? Yes, sir. The twenty-five thousand dollar one. The one with your name on it. In Bernard Barker's Florida account. Bernard Barker, the Watergate burglar-- --this should take only a minute, Mr. Dahlberg, but we're doing a follow- up on the break-in-- --and I was kind of curious about your check. We know that--and if we were wrong, we're resigning--were we wrong? --I know, I know, the pressure's off the White House and it's all back on the Post-- Fifty ratfuckers directed by the White House to destroy the Democrats? And Justice and FBI know all this? How grand? --the Canuck letter--was that a White House operation-- There were more then. Talk about Segretti-- Why did they do all this for Chrissakes?--what were they after? Haldeman too? Mitchell knew then. Why didn't they?--who told them not to? Do Justice and the FBI know what we know, and why the hell haven't they done anything about it? What? The slush fund at CREEP financed the ratfucking, we've almost got that nailed down, so-- Who?--be specific. How high up? I know what it means--Segretti wouldn't go on the record, but if he would, we know he'd implicate Chapin. And that would put us inside the White House. Ratfucking. Liddy--you think there's a chance he'll talk? What's the whole thing about--do you know? I did everything you said, but it all seemed-- This man Gordon Liddy--he's going to be tried along with Hunt and the five burglars--we know he knows a lot, we just don't know what. To where? John Mitchell resigned as head of CREEP to spend more time with his family. That doesn't exactly have the ring of truth. Howard Hunt's been found--there was talk that his lawyer had 25 thousand in cash in a paper bag. If you don't like them, why won't you be more concrete with me? I don't know maybe sixteen, eighteen hours a day--we've got sources at Justice, the FBI, but it's still drying up. Nothing, that's the problem--the story's gone underground. I was just kind of wondering why your name and phone number were in the address books of two of the men arrested at Watergate? Hi, I'm Bob Woodward of the Post and-- Hello, I'm Bob Woodward of the Washing Post and... Mullen and Company Public Relations? Could you tell me when you expect Mr. Hunt? He is? Nobody ever had too much. I would, if you really ever wanted to know. It is. I couldn't say. Some Justice Department lawyers and an FBI man, and some people from the Committee to Re-Elect, yes ma'am. It may never come out. No. I think so. --I'm Woodward. --well, Sloan-- I never asked them about Watergate. I only said what were Hunt's duties at the White House. They volunteered that he was innocent when nobody asked was he guilty. Hunt is Colson's man-- --that's Charles Colson, Nixon's special counsel-- --they both went to Brown University-- --Hunt worked for the C.I.A. till '70, and this is on deep background, the FBI thinks he's involved with the break-in. Thanks, Harry. Know anything about Colson? Who's Colson, Harry? Who's Charles Colson? Lotsa hints-- You can't believe that. The head of security for the reelection of a Republican President got caught bugging the national offices of the Democrats? What the hell does that mean? I did all right on McCord. That's everything Bachinski had, I think it's worth following up. Preliminary hearing at Superior Courthouse? You call me in on my day off because some idiots have broken into local Democratic Headquarters--tell me, Harry, why should I be smiling? He just did. --and he says Chapin hired Segretti-- Larry Young, a California lawyer-- You think she wants us to ease up on the story? What do you think Mrs. Graham wants to see me for? --no-- Absolutely. According to White House personnel, Hunt definitely works there as a consultant for Colson. But when I called the White House Press office, they said he hadn't worked there for three months. Then the P.R. guy said the weirdest thing to me. "I am convinced that neither Mr. Colson nor anyone else at the White House had any knowledge of, or participation in, this deplorable incident at the Democratic National Committee." --look, when the Watergate grand jury questioned you, did you name names? --and it wasn't Ehrlichman or Colson or the President. A boy or a girl? Go on. One thing I'm not completely clear on--when you gave out the money to Liddy, how did that work? Haldeman. Right? We're not sure we've got all the guys who could order you, but we know there were five. And as treasurer, you could release those funds? The report on the cash in Maurice Stans' safe, the three hundred fifty thousand, that's true? Does "they" mean the White House? You handed out the money. Maybe there's a legitimate explanation for the way it was done-- Mr. Sloan? You work there, Miss Abbott. No, I'm a reporter. I wanted to talk to you about the Committee to Re- Elect. Hi. I'm Bob Woodward of the Washington Post and I hate to bother you at home--