...Thanks. ...Stop jivin'! One more round. No doctor!... I'm feelin' good, bro! No doctor! My side. He got lucky. ...That man's takin' his job too serious. Man, I rearranged his face with that right -- The people love what's happenin' tonight. I'll carry him 'till the third. ...That boy damn near broke my arm. Southpaw, nuthin' -- I'll drop 'im in three -- 'Apollo Creed meets the Italian Stallion.' Shhiii -- Sounds like a damn monster movie!! Listen, I gonna carry this boy three rounds, then drop 'im like a bad habit. ...I don't feel heat from the name. Give my main man a raise!! I do -- Maybe what this fight needs is something new -- a novelty. Don't matter -- That name. 'The Italian Stallion,' it's right on. Who discovered America? An Italian, right? So, man, what could be better than to get it on with one of his ancestors -- 'The Italian Stallion' -- He's my man. ...This man. ...Still don't feel no heat. How 'bout this Big Chuck Smith? How 'bout this Billy Snow? No, man, it's very smart. Now here's what's goin' down. Listen, 'cause I'm gonna say this but one time. On January first, the first day of the Bicentennial I'm gonna fight me a local poor underdog, dig? A snow-white underdog. An' I'm gonna put his face on this poster with me, hear? An' I'll tell you why, 'cause I'm sentimental -- An' all the people in the country all sentimental, man, an' they'd like nothin' better than me, Apollo Creed, to let some unknown get a shot at the greatest title in the world on this country's biggest birthday. Now that's the way I see it an' that's the way I want it!! Shape, nothin' -- They're afraid. They know everybody in the world's gonna see this fight an' none of them gotta prayer of beating me so they're makin' excuses so they don't have to be the chump that's gonna be whipped in front of the whole civilized world!! Then gimme Buddy Shaw -- He's ranked fifth. You best find me another ranked contender an' I mean in a flash, man! Damn. ...Stay in school an' use your brains, dig -- Be a lawyer, be a doctor, carry a leather briefcase an' forget about sports!! Sports can only make ya grunt an' smell -- Be a thinker not a stinker!! Me an' my wife are goin' home 'cause we miss our children an' can't go no more time without seein' them. The Bicentennial Heavyweight Championship of the World is gonna be held in the only place it can be held -- Philadelphia! -- the nation's cradle -- January First -- the first major event of our two hundredth year. That's right -- It's gonna be the greatest sportin' event in this country's history -- A gala occurrence! He was big, an' very nasty so I destroyed him in a hurry -- Now I'm gettin' ready for Mac Lee Green next month. Very high an' very fast.Kiss my ass. I don't like ya face. Take 'er to the zoo -- Retards like the zoo. Hear she's retarded. ...Of the truck that run over your face. Did ya get the license number?...How 'bout for the Cokes? That's ten bucks. Here -- Three minutes. Cost ya a buck. Six! Seven minutes! Nine minutes! Ten minutes for ten dollars. Few minutes? This a con? Yo, pal, what's with you -- The place ain't operatin'. Hey, the rink is empty 'cause we're closed -- ya ain't allowed in here so do me a favor an' not stay here. Hey, whatta ya doin' here -- we're closed... Yo, we're closed!Yo' yellow, old man. Don't mouth me, old man, I'll knock yo' out too. C'mon, wop, spar me, let everybody see who's got the heat around here. Yo' know I iz the best man here! Yo' said so yoself! I'm happenin'! This pig is takin' my shot -- I iz a contender. He's nothin'. I say ya nothin'!Where else am I gonna go. Bet three grand on Rocky. Same thing. Ya know, Rock, remember when we was kids, we fought together. An' I wasn't well an' ya had to beat up that Irish kid -- what's his name? -- Gallager -- I bought a suit and became a businessman. You put on gloves. An' I remember Mama almost cried, may she rest in peace -- an' our ol' man who said ya had no brains --I'd like to lay hands on that bastard. You ain't never had any luck. Even when I owned you in '66 you never had luck. But now I think you might be gettin' some luck kid. Whatta you think? Sure, you do what ya want. Stay away from the stock market. Ya gettin 150 grand killer. Ya got any plans for it? Whatta ya think? Ya like to put it on the street, make it work for ya? Listen, kid, I'm with ya. Ya know, I'm with ya -- Italian, we're blood. You kill this rug -- We Guinneas gotta show these Afro-Americans where it's at. Give it your best shot cause I want ya to prove to these bums on the corner that my man can't be beat by this rug... Ya got any action on the side. Does Santa Claus charge juice? Merry Christmas -- Now, how's about my present, ya gonna win? Here's five hundred -- Put it in your glove. Take your shot, kid -- You got money for trainin' expenses? Hey -- if a good man can make a better life, let him make it. Here's fifty bucks -- You an' the girl have a nice time. Buddy's got a thing against ya, Rock. Some people just hate for no reason, y'know. Buddy's in a bad mood -- prostate problems. You think I don't hear things? Hey, screw ya brain on right. Now, who's this girl you're going out with tonight? No, two yards from Snyder, an' a grand from Cappoli. It don't matter. It's my reputation. These guys think they can get off light. It's bad for my reputation -- It's bad for business. See ya killer. Yo Rock. Did I give you a job this mornin? How come ya didn't break this guy's thumb like I asked ya? When ya don't do what ya are told, it makes me look bad, kid. Tomorrow collect from Del Rio -- He's late three weeks. How'd you do last night? Sure, Rocky, Bob's good for it...Not yellow, cautious. See, it's very easy for a fighter to accidentally hurt -- Why let Rocky here take a chance on cuttin' or breakin' a hand? -- Take a shower, Dipper. You can forget about sparring, kid. What's happenin' here? I don't care what they say, you're a winner. Great, kid, great. ...Yeah. Wanna keep goin'? Gimme the water! Ya gettin' tagged with his right. I think you should feint left and high hook 'im -- Benny, check the eyes! Can ya see? How you holdin' up, kid? Why don't ya tell 'im you're a fan! Can't hardly tell. Don't swallow the blood -- Go for his ribs. Don't let 'im breathe. Ya nose is broke. Breathe deep -- Keep ya chin down!! Use the legs and drive through 'im. Attack -- Attack -- Attack! Real good. God bless ya, Rock. Don't let 'im get you tight. ...Shrewd. Whatta you get outta this? Don't you care what the people will say? Check the eyes, Ben. What cha say, Benny -- Meet 'The Rock.' This is our cutman, Benny Stein. Tie it to both ankles -- Leave two feet slack. Rocky, I'm seventy-six years old. Maybe you can be the winner I never was -- your shot is my last shot! If ya was wantin' my help, why didn't ya ask? Just ask. Please, kid. Look, you can't buy what I know. Ya can't. I've seen it all! I got pain an' I got experience. I'm sorry, I -- I made a mistake. Kid, I'm askin' man to man. I wanna be ya manager. Respect, I always dished ya respect. Ya got heart. Yeah, ya kinda remind me of the Rock. Ya move like 'im. I done it all. I've done an' seen everything'. Believe what I'm tellin' ya -- Ya shoulda seen the night in Brooklyn, I smacked 'Ginny' Russo outta the ring, September 14, 1923 -- same night Firpo knocked Dempsey outta the ring. But who got the Press? He did. He had a manager -- September 14, 1923. Rocky, d'ya know what I done? Fifty years. The rep is known around Philly, an' a good rep can't be bought, but I don't have to tell you that. I'm here tellin' ya to be very smart with this shot. Like the Bible sez, ya don't get no second chance. Whatta' those? Look at all them other fighters. Real good boys. Good records. Colorful. Fight their hearts out for peanuts -- But who cared? Nobody. They got it shoved in their back door. Nobody ever give them a shot at the title... What's happened is freak luck. Listen, Rock, you're a very lucky guy. How do you mean? I seen the light. I figure somebody was home. ...I said that before. 'Bout an hour ago. Here's the card? A Rep from Miles Jergens' Promotions was lookin' for ya -- They need sparrin' partners for Creed. Did ya get the message, kid? Think about it. Hey, ever think about retirin'? Ya want the truth -- Ya got heart, but ya fight like an ape -- The only thing special about you is ya never got ya nose broke -- keep ya nose pretty -- what's left of ya brain an' retire. Ain't they? Rice is a bum. ...Who'd ya fight? Did ya win? ...Did ya fight last night? The legs must be goin'. More like thirty. How old? How old are ya? Facts is facts. I run a business here -- I'm cleanin' house -- Dipper's a climber -- You're a tomato. Dipper needed it. Then stand there an' wait till I'm done -- Creed's good, yeah, he's real fine but I gotta boy, y'know Big Dipper, who's got the stuff it takes to be a champ -- He's mean, quick, an' big -- What more d'ya need? Okay, go to work... Hey -- Yeah -- Whatta ya want? Do you see me talkin'? Huh? ...What? I don't care what nobody says, this bum Creed woulda never made it in the Thirties --No more, ya wanna lose an eye? No more. Ya sappin' his strength -- He's losin' steam. Hey, Rock -- What happened? Yeah -- See the fight last night? Apollo Creed beat that English guy bad. Listen, I'm with you -- But ya gotta talk to Mickey -- I put ya stuff in the bag over there. It ain't your locker no more.We're not responsible for animals left over thirty days -- We board it ain't a animal shelter, Y'know... Adrian, I want you to clean all those cat cages downstairs, they're a mess. Bullmastiff. Ain't had time to check 'em. Startin' with the bad jokes early today, huh.You a virgin? -- Ya let 'im in ya pants, didn't ya! Ya pulled down ya pants an' let him have it, didn't ya!! You busted?! You owe me an' are supposed to treat me good! Get away from me -- I could never even get married 'cause you couldn't live by yaself -- ya'd die by yaself! So instead I put you two together -- Did ya think of puttin' in a good word for me? -- You owe me! I always seen ya had the best, but did ya ever think of puttin' in a good word for me with this scumbag! You forget what I went through to give ya the best. I want 'im outta here -- Don't think I'm good enough to work for Gazzo? That's what I think of bums like you an' Gazzo! You're goin' up an' don't care enough to throw Paulie some crumbs! I give ya meat, an' I give ya my sister, too! Get outta my life both of ya's. You ain't no friend no more -- Go home! Outta my house I want ya! Shutup! I want nothin' -- I ain't no charity case! Get outta my house! Nothin'! I want nothin' from you!!! That so. Christ. Do me a favor -- His lungs, punch 'em out. Why? Don't get wise with me. I want ya to stop bein' a loser. Hey, I want ya out instamaticly. -- I'm sicka lookin' at ya hangin' around like a friggin' spider -- Go out -- Live! Do, enjoy life. Ya, ya goin' outta the bedroom an' I don't wanna know from nothin'. Like it would make a difference if you were, right? This guy's a friend and now he's takin' ya out. Christ, I been beggin' ya for a break until I'm sick inside. ...I can't haul meat no more. Outta my house I want ya!! I thought I was doin' ya a favor -- C'mon inside -- Y'know, my sister really likes ya. To see ya train. Yo, Rock. I made a few phone calls an' thanks to me ya goin' to be a big man -- Thatta dog? C'mon, ya screwin' her? You ballin' her? What gaps? What's the attraction? I don't see it? Ya really like her? The story -- what's happenin'? Ain't sure, what's the story? Y'know, d'ya think you an' my sister -- Ah, doin' good together? How 'bout you talk to 'em about me? Please do me that favor. If ya don't pay Gazzo, ya end up hangin' on the hook, right? I got whiskey here. How ya feelin'? Without havin' good people around, ya won't have such a good chance. Ya gotta have a guy help ya exercise, mebbe somebody to be standin' by with a towel or run errands, y'know. Y'know, to help keep ya livin' clean. Yo, Rock -- now ya'll be lookin' for people to help, right? He's takin' cheap shots. Don't it matter none he's makin' ya out a fool? -- I'd break his lips. Ice skate. Try again, c'mon, try again. Forget nothin' -- Here, talk to my sister, tell 'er somethin' nice. !! Ya want the bird, go out in the alley an' eat the bird -- I want ya outta the house -- Enjoy ya friggin' life... Ya hungry, Rock? Yeah, sure -- She's very excited. I'm askin' ya to go to him -- As a favor. Do me a favor -- Talk to Gazzo. Tell him I'm a friend an' would do a good job... Tell him I ain't bothered by nothin' an' would be a great collector... Bustin' bones don't bother me -- Tell him I'm a good worker. I don't need a doctor, I need a different job. Inflamed joints -- Walkin' in an' out of a freezer carryin' meat plays hell on the joints. Look at my hands -- See how the joints are swollen. I hate the friggin' game... I'd like to talk some business. Tomorrow you come for some bird, right? The girl's dryin' up! She's gotta live a little before her body dries up!! You're a pal, Rock -- How 'bout yo' talk to her? Y'know, it's Thanksgivin' tomorrow. I wanna kill the friggin' moron who broke the mirror. An' you're dyin' alone, too. She's a loser -- She don't enjoy life -- She reads -- Brainy -- Pushin' thirty friggin' years old! She's gonna die alone if she don't wise up. ...Adrian ain't sharp. Ya caught me in a bad mood. Sometimes she gets me so crazy, I'd like to split her head with a razor. My sister's a friggin' loser. Looks, huh? Forget her. You could do better than my sister. What? Yo, Rocky -- Look at this mirror. I'd like to kill the friggin' moron who broke this mirror.Do you have anything derogatory to say about the Champion? Do you feel you have a chance? We can cut that out later. Apollo Creed says he'll let you stay three rounds before he puts you away. How're you preparing for this Bicentennial bout? So much has happened lately -- Has it changed your life style much?And now your payday will be one hundred and fifty thousand dollars. Any comment? Is it true the most you've ever made in a prizefight is five hundred dollars? How will you fight Apollo Creed? This is your largest payday ever -- How do you feel about it?C'mon, it's true -- But that don't bother me -- I just wanna prove somethin' -- I ain't no bum... It don't matter if I lose... Don't matter if he opens my head... The only thing I wanna do is go the distance -- That's all. Nobody's ever gone fifteen rounds with Creed. If I go them fifteen rounds, an' that bell rings an' I'm still standin', I'm gonna know then I weren't just another bum from the neighborhood... It ain't so bad, 'cause I was a nothin' before -- ...I dunno. I been watchin' the movies -- studyin' -- He ain't weak nowhere. Yeah, I can't beat him. ...I can't beat him. ...Can't do it. I gotta go out for a while. I don't want ya cleanin' nobody else's cages no more. ...What? Yeah... Wanna hear a dirty joke? ...What's to say? I dunno what he wants from me -- Yo -- I ain't mad. I'm just outta joint when reporters are around -- They take cheap shots an' Paulie knows it. Yeah... Threw my whole day off. Ya right -- Mebbe we best just hold hands -- the shirt made me feel guilty, y'know. Yeah... But I think weak legs ain't bad sometimes, y'know. Can't fool around -- You look very great. Adrian, you really look great, y'know -- But I can't fool around durin' trainin' -- makes the legs weak. No... Sharp -- You look great. Sharp -- Real nice. They either say, 'Kill the nigger' or 'Hope you die, Honky.' -- What ya got in the bag? It did. Y'know how I said that stuff on television didn't bother me? 'Bout seven. Ya puttin' me on, right? How'd ya like hearin' ya name on TV? I always knew you was pretty. Could ya take off that hat. Do me another favor? The glasses... Please. Would ya take off your glasses? But I'm willin' to make the best of this uncomfortable situation. Yo, I'm not comfortable either. They're all the same. It's all right -- You're my guest. It's okay. What's the problem? You don't like me -- Don't like the turtles -- What is it? It's only temporary. What's the matter? Ya don't like the room? I'll call your brother. Why? You sure? D'you really wanna call? I had it pulled. People callin' all the time. Who needs it -- Who'd you wanna call? ...Oh, yeah, I bought the whole kit -- Yeah, ya sold me the turtles, the bowl, an' the mountain -- I had to get rid of the mountain 'cause they kept fallin' off. Here's the guys I was tellin' ya about -- This is Cuff an' Link. Would ya like a glass of water? ...Guess. After a rough fight, ya' nothin' but a large wound. Sometimes I feel like callin' a taxi to drive me from my bed to the bathroom... Ya' eyes hurt, ya' ears hurt, ya' hair even hurts... But the thing I'm proud of is I been in over sixty fights an' never had a busted nose -- Bent an' twisted an' bitten but never broke... That's rare. ...I'm at least half a bum. Yeah, fightin' is a crazy racket. The roughest part is the mornin' after. Ya gotta be a little soft to wanna be a pug... It's a racket where ya' almost guaranteed to end up a bum. Then why did I bother bringin' it up? 'Cause I'm dumb, that's why... Y'know, I think we make a real sharp coupla coconuts -- I'm dumb an' you're shy. Some people think bein' shy is a disease, but it don't bother me. I would say you're very shy by nature. Some people are very shy by nature. What's funny? Y'know how I got started in the fight racket? I just dislocated my finger. Absolutely. Ain't skated since I was fifteen -- That's when I started fightin' -- gotta watch the ankles. Yeah, fightin' use to be tops with me, but no more. All I wanted to prove was I weren't no bum -- That I had the stuff to make a good pro. I think mebbe we're early or somethin' -- Looks quiet, y'know. To you, to me it's Thursday. Hey, how's my buddy doin'? -- Nice dog -- Well, I'll see ya later. Shell-shocked! I smack 'em hard on the shell an' they get... What? Ain't your fault -- Here's the problem. Me, I'm kinda aggravated. ...How's the turtle food this week? Move your shoulders down. Don't like yours neither. Does that bum have to say that? She ain't retarded, she's shy. Of wa? Pull heat on me? -- I'll dent ya face! ...That's an old one. No dollar. Why? No wine. ...No wine -- Bad for ya' brain. Charge it. I must be goin' deaf 'cause I thought ya said, 'ten cents.' Yeah -- My ol' man who was never the sharpest told me -- I weren't born with much brain so I better use my body. This guy is beautiful -- get the Cokes. How 'bout some Cokes? It ain't your fault -- I originally done it in the Baby Crenshaw fight. That's me fightin' Big Baby Crenshaw -- Big Baby was the size of an airplane an' I broke my hands on his head -- I lost, but it's a nice picture, don't ya think? Hey, I ain't cryin'... I still fight. Kinda do it like a hobby. See I'm a natural southpaw an' most pugs won't fight a southpaw 'cause we mess up their timin' an' look awkward -- Southpaw means lefthanded... But I guess in the long run things probably worked out for the best, right? ...Yeah, give 'er the Blades. ...Ten minutes. Look at her, ya can see she ain't feelin' good -- needs a few minutes exercise -- Listen, I gotta problem. This girl ain't feelin' well, y'know -- The doctor says she should exercise, y'know once in awhile an' ice skatin' is the best thing -- Wait here, gotta smooth this guy out. Are ya closed to the General Public or to just everybody. Ya still light seventy. ...The juice is climbin' every week. What about for food an' stuff? That's it? -- Completely? A hundred an' thirty. Look, Bob, if ya wanna dance, ya gotta pay the band -- If ya borrow, ya gotta pay the man... Me, I ain't emotionally involved. What's ya name again? Mr. Gazzo says I should get two hundred or break the thumb. Mr. Gazzo wants the two hundred now! Yo, you gonna show, Tony? Black market? I'm gonna do somethin with it. No action. Gonna try. Do I have to pay juice? A few bucks. I feel bad about walkin'. Y'know I won't be able to work for ya no more. Thanks, Mr. Gazzo. Yeah. He's always in a bad mood. Count ya blessin's. Ya a healthy person -- ya legs work -- ya hands work -- Paulie's sister. How'd you know? Ya sure? Next Wednesday I grab a grand from Snyder. An' Thursday two yards from Cappoli, okay? I figure if I break the thumb this guy gets thrown outta his job and can't pay nothin' no more. ...Fine. He only had a hundred an' thirty. -- I think he's good for the rest next week, Mr. Gazzo. Sure, an' I'm smart enough to know that no sparrin' partner should take cheap shots at the Champ. He's just there to help condition the man. ...Like I said, I'd make a boss sparrin' mate. I wouldn't take no cheap shots. I'd be a good sparrin' partner. Absolutely -- Sparrin' with the Champ would be an honor -- y'know what? I know ya need sparrin' partners -- I'm very available. Sparrin'? No -- Just me. Rocky. ...Thanks. 'Night, Marie. Ya, somethin' like that. What was I gonna say? Listen, I hope ya don't -- Yo, a bad reputation -- Twenty years from now people will say 'D'you remember Marie?' 'No, who was she?' 'She was that little whore who hung out at the Atomic Hoagie Shop.' 'Oh, now I remember!'... See, they don't remember you, they remember the rep. That doesn't matter -- You don't really have to be a whore, just act like one an' that's it. 'Cause that's the way guys are -- They laugh when ya talk dirty. They think ya cute for a while, but then ya getta reputation an' watch out. Nobody's ever gonna take ya serious. Ya get no respect... I gotta use a bad word -- Whore. You'll end up maybe becomin' a whore. Nobody likes garbage -- Anyway, this girl with the dirty mouth wasn't bad lookin', but the guys wouldn't take her out for any serious datin'. Makes your breath like garbage. Make your teeth yella -- Hey! When I was your age, there was only one girl who talked like that in the whole neighborhood. How come ya wanna hang out with those guys? They teach ya bad things. Don't you never say that -- -- You guys talk like that in front of a little girl -- You guys are scum. What? Did these guys teach you to talk dirty? Huh? What'd you say? Yo, can I have my locker back? How I look out there, Mick? Would you keep goin'? See what? Fine... That guy's great. ...The guy's great. Damn! How's it look? See how fast he is -- damn! How am I doin'? Thanks, Mick -- I'm gonna try. Whatta ya think that outfit cost? I get the robe an' Paulie gets three grand. ...I'm doin' it for a friend. Yo, Benny. I never had good footwork. I asked, but ya never helped nothin'! -- Like the Bible sez, ya don't get no second chance. Whatever I got, I always got on the slide. This shot's no different. I didn't earn nothin' -- I got it on the slide... I needed ya help about ten years ago when I was startin', but ya never helped me none. I got pain an' experience too. The fight's set -- I don't need a manager. ...Ya gave Dipper my locker. Heart, but I ain't got no Tocker. Really think so? Nobody ever said that -- There's his picture. Ya got a good mind for dates. ...What? How 'bout a glass of water? Fifty years, huh. Turtles -- domestic turtles. Freak luck is a strange thing. Freak luck for sure. Yeah. I'm usta seein' ya at the gym, but seein' ya here, in my house, it's kinda outta joint. Best seat in the house -- Hey, Mick, this is too much. Hey, Mickey -- Whatta ya doin' here? Here, sit down. Probably lookin' for sparrin' partners. When was they here? Ya puttin' me on? Message -- What message? Yeah, sure. ...No. Listen, I'm gonna take a steam -- Did good last night -- Shoulda seen it. You think everybody I fight is a bum. Spider Rice. Yeah, Kayo. Yeah -- Yeah, they're goin', -- that's nature... That was my locker for six years. Twenty-five, thirty -- What's the difference? -- It took me two months to learn the combination of that locker. Come July, twenty-five. ...What? ...Tomato? I was talkin' with ya man, Mike. -- Hey, how come I been put outta my locker? Yeah. I said, how ya feelin'? Hey, how ya feelin', Mickey? Open my eyes -- Please, open my eyes! He ain't losin' nothin'. 'Bout what? Creed's great. You were ready to bite that guy's face. Whatta ya talkin' about it ain't my locker no more? Yo, Mike -- What's happenin' here? The owner was suppose to pick him up three weeks ago. ...What kinda dog is this again? How's Butkus this mornin'? Inventin' jokes ain't easy. What break? Huh? What break! Who am I to give breaks! I'm a fighter, you haul meat. You do what you do an' I do what I do best -- that's it -- that's life, man! What can I do about it? ...It's cold outside, Paulie. Yo, what's with you? -- It was suppose to be private. Whatta these guys want? Don't talk dirty 'bout ya sister. She got gaps. I got gaps -- together we fill the gaps. I dunno -- she fills gaps. Sure I like her. What? Whatta you think? Keep this job, ya eat better. Gazzo's a good man. ...No. ...Tight. Hey, who cared about me yesterday, huh? Nobody -- I think I'm gonna train myself. I'll do okay. Help what? It don't bother me none. It don't matter. Why? I didn't want no turkey anyway. What's ya sister like to do? ...Maybe I better forget it. Maybe ya better forget it. Ya sister knows I'm comin'? Gazzo's gotta come to you -- Hey, Paulie, it's a bad job -- Do what you do now. Gazzo's gotta come to you. Maybe another job is the best thing. Maybe ya should see a doctor. What kinda business? I usta be deadly at half-ball. Absolutely... ...Sure. Let's get outta this stink. I don't see no crowd around you, neither. I'm thirty myself. Ya always in a bad mood -- Don't get mental, man. Hey -- Yeah, like I was a plate of leftovers -- Somethin' wrong with my face -- Whatta I need, a Caddy to connect with ya sister? Every mornin', every night I pass by -- I smile. I say jokes. Nothin'. She looks at me. Your sister's givin' me the shoulder. Yo, Paulie. Yo, Paulie. Derogatory? Yeah, he's great. I'll tear his head off. Maybe -- Apollo's a great fighter. ...People talk to me more. Listen, I wanna say hi to my girlfriend -- Yo, Adrian! Four hundred -- But that was a long time ago. Creed's great, ain't he... I'll do what I can. Feel? I dunno... Happy.Cover the ribs -- Look here, elbow down, tight -- Tight -- stand straight -- you're the best, you're the best! Don't kill yourself, man -- Let the doctor stop the fight. Yo' bleedin' inside, man -- Get that doctor. You're hurtin', man! Get that doctor. Luck! You fightin' a crazy man -- but you got him hurt bad. More ice, now! He's movin' to your left -- don't let him no more -- dance and stick, hear? Don't play -- I know what ya feelin', but don't play. People nothin', you in a fight, my man, -- ya best believe what you hear... Knock that boy out soon an' let's go home. Don't play with this man, he's fightin' hard -- Let 'em feel some real heat! Sure -- He can hit -- Don't play no more -- Stick an' move, hear? I don't like you messin' with southpaws -- They do everything wrong. He won't last one round. Too old, dull fighter. Bobby Judge is a good boy. You's the novelty, Champ!