Purely a precaution... Nay. This is a private affair, no audience welcome... Better you watch the dismantling of our enemies... and, look you, see the moat is set aflame. I have something far more pleasant awaiting me. Anything left for smashing you may happily smash. Fight's over before it's begun... soon the survivors will be in full retreat. Precisely. Faith has persuaded them a pygmie with a sling can kill an armed giant. Faith. To finish last evening's delightful work. This is another victory, my friends. What began with the lash shall be concluded with a caress. Indeed, the best of fun... Enjoy yourselves. I doubt the faeries will admire their beauty... Come, this will be fun to watch. No. Smashing is not required. I have a surprise for our tiny invaders... Raise that hatch! Always. Delusion... a kind of magic which works against the magician. So you shall be... Like our brothers, the hawk and the wolf, our spirits know no master... we are created in the pure image of the savage God that set our turbulent universe in motion. Precisely, my darling. Your animal strength, your primitive power has surfaced... you are what you desire. Or looked so beautiful... And, now? Pleasure is for those who seize it! Do you think those insipid, pale- skinned mortals will ever know such rapture? Later, beloved... Now I wish only to be with you... From the parapets most likely. The men are amused by a battlefield entertainment of my own contriving. It's nothing. My men take great delight in routing the enemy. Don't trouble yourself, beauty. Indeed I am, my dear... that makes us a pair! My dear Princess, the human soul is a highly elusive commodity. I suggest you spend some hours before the glass. Contemplate your intriguing reflection and consider whether such a creature as yourself could possibly possess something as fine and beautiful as a soul. Your soul...? Why should I bother with such a paltry trifle? I'm pleased you're not troubled by the prospect... When you are ripe for my pleasure, I will enjoy the harvest. Yes? A few day's nourishment will see your strength returning. We'll get you cleaned up, find a suitable gown... I imagine you'll enjoy a good meal? At the moment, very little. Your company at my table... Sweet Princess, you begin to sound most reasonable. I can keep a victim alive for weeks... months, if I desire it... it's an art. They beg for death... I keep it just out of their reach. The pain remains constant. Why should I kill you? A simple course in etiquette... something your parents sadly overlooked. Your moans seem almost pleasurable, my dear... developing a taste for the lash? Too bad your precious Jack can't hear you... the damsel in distress... A rescue attempt would be most amusing... We could flay sweet Jack alive as an after-dinner entertainment... No. Now is the time for discipline. Some lessons in obedience for the future Baroness. When the time's come, you won't need to jump, I'll throw you out myself! We're both of us damned, my beauty. To be my bride, of course. I prefer a plump capon, but will happily serve you rats if they're to your liking. I prefer to think, more like the sagacious owl. I am a creature of darkness. I require the shadow's solace and the black of night... Sunlight is abhorrent to me... I cover myself completely whenever I venture forth in daylight... Sunshine is my destroyer. I know no more of shame than I do of fear. I wear this mask not for concealment but protection. I am afraid of nothing. We're all of us beasts, my dear. Only most are afraid to show it. Not from me, surely... You should glory in your animal nature. It is your triumph! None know that better than I! On the contrary! The puling, pallid creature you were before was truly something disgusting. Now you are splendid... a fierce goddess... the embodiment of all that is strong and beautiful. You're magnificent. I like well what I see. It pleases me. I speak of love, and you think only of the lash. Your love. My generosity is not so large as that.We be honored, friend Ogg. Screwball you know, and many other of the wee folk. We serve as escort for our grand champion, Jack o' the Green. Twas Jimmy done that, I merely stood for the blame unfairly... but, here now, Ogg, this be no time to rehash old differences, I've friends along in need of safe haven for the night. Well, bygones're bygones, I always say. Friend Ogg. Excuse our enthusiasm, occasioned as it was by a fondness for you. You're good at riddles... Find the ring and the spell is broken. You must find the ring... It completes the cycle; answers the riddle... That's it then... the ring! And did you? Go on... go on... Where? Might not need a gesture quite so grand. What were you doing the very moment the Baron's curse fell on the world? Tis not the wound, that's sure. Not a scar remains... we're talking about a spell; harder to repair than sword-work. She lives... isn't that worth singing about? Where's your joy if you cannot sing? On a day like none other the blessed earth has ever seen... A day so fair as forty springtimes -- Listen to him. Not in the mood... I've not heard a note out of you. You're on your own... like a true champion. Ride like wild fire, Jack. Ever wondered why Jenny Greenteeth said you needed the fastest steed on earth? Never show mercy! Don't get too far! Tis a delicate operation, lad. Requires a bit of engineering... Next! Ah, but you will. And so will the Baron, when we bring a little light to his dark hideaway. Patience, lad. Easier than that, Jack. Screwball! Fetch me down a couple of them plates. Sunlight. Nay, lad, we're here to collect a weapon you'll need fighting the Baron. The kitchen be the most important room in a palace, for if the victuals ain't right, little else is likely to be so. I admire your valor, Jack. By all means, seek him out... But first, we needs visit the kitchen. Mean you to seek him out below? Sunlight, you say? In the dark, lad? Why should he do that? The alicorn, lad. Come to your senses! Unless we find Baron Couer de Noir and bring back the horn the world is doomed. Easily... The question is, can we save ourselves? Be a shame to win the battle only to lose the war. Nay. You've not reckoned with the powers of faerie medicine. She's sore hurt, Jack, tis true, but not dead yet. Nonsense! Course it matters. Jack! The courtyard's been taken... The Baron's forces are besieged in the south tower. No sign of... Jack? Do you hear what I'm saying? We've won, lad. It's what we'll find there worries me. Best get down close to the moat, lad. Fire away! Aye. Before the wee pesties attacked. That's it! Will you chance a miss? Faerie magic's no match for a sorcerer's power... We have Ogg's gifts, the key and the -- Been telling you that all along, lad. And frog don't fly and bite like tomcats. It be magic, Jack... powerful ogre's magic. There aren't enough arrows. Easily spoken... A fine mess this is... horrid, nipping creatures... What do we now, Jack? Why not mine the damned walls? Tells you something 'bout him what lives there... Pray they don't turn out to be nightmares. That be so, better you pinch yourself now, Jack. Aye, so long as you're not too greedy for the bait. It feels wrong, Jack... like a trap. Don't like the feel of it, Jack. Never felt so cold in all me born days... No... but what choice have we? Aye. We be on a quest to set the world aright -- I know the rogue, Jack. Tis Jimmy Squarefoot. Hold, Jack! Don't strike! Wait, Jack. Once you thought we'd never find the Greek's armor and look at ye now, decked out like a proper hero. Long as we don't lose heart, Jack... Aye, lad... we've little else to go by. Never knowing when it takes a turn or changes course. Easily said... the raven passed this way hours ago. We're blind now. Oona was our eyes and ears. How do we find the Castle Couer de Noir without her? Is she... dead? Stay on your guard, Jack. The bug is enchanted surely. Willful creature, that one... What make ye of that, Jack? God's blessing. Going grows slower... we've not made... half a mile in two hours... ... this rate... we'll all be in our graves... 'fore we reach the Baron's fortress... Be gentle with them, Jack. They only march to please you. Were this a faerie journey, we'd ride the wind on thistledown and ragwort stems. Your strong right arm's all the protection I'll need this night. Tis not the sword that counts, but the man what swings it. Rest easy, Jack. Don't let this talk of heroes upset you, Jack. Sigurd's sword is no great thing. The Volsung killed Fafnir. You killed Lindfarne. That's one worm apiece... I'd say you and Sigurd were neck-and-neck. Stoutly spoke, lad. These dwarves be sore grouches... Pay no heed to their spiteful grumbling. I should hope not! Very secretive, they are. Keep their feet covered up. Best if you don't mention it. Dwarves be very sensitive about their feet. Shhh! Not so loud, mayhap he'll hear ye. Something the matter? Pure gold it is... plays a different note every time. Your imagination runs away with you, Jack... Those bones be but battlefield gleanings, like I mentioned. A wee bit of carrion to frighten off the uninvited. Nay. That's but to distract the casual visitor. A dwarf is too busy to suffer fools gladly. Jack, Jack, it's dwarves live here. Hard-working chaps. Hammering in the forge all the live-long day. Make the most wondrous things, they do. Nay, Jack, tis not what you're thinking. Beyond Devil's Needle, all is unknown. That would be Devil's Needle. Last landmark I know in these woods. Well... if the knight be already dead; what harm is there in... borrowing a thing or two? Ofttimes, the wee folk come out to tend the wounded... staunch bleeding with cobwebs... give a parched mouth a sip of dew... cool a fevered brow... Worse than the battlefield. Jack, don't! Foul fellow, this Couer de Noir. Blackheart? Good plan that. How do we follow a raven we can't even see? Sounds like the bird we want. All right lads, follow yon raven! Birds speak to me all the time. What did it say? Aye. Said to follow it to the edge of night. But is this the right bird? Whatever for? Track the demon to his lair. How do you plan on finding this here castle, if ye don't mind me asking? Fine-looking army. I'll drop a cow on the knave! Aye! That too. Tricks, is it? Why I'll trick ye! Ungrateful whelp! I'll sour your milk and bird droppings'll fall from the sky wherever ye walk. I'm small... and I can make myself smaller still... Small as a bee! Small as dust...! Want to see me do it? Don't see why I can't ride, too! I'm second in command, damn it! Careful, lad. Pregnant, is she? Something's coming. Screwball! You dolt! I've a mind to change you into a toad. Well then, you've got the sword and you've got the armor; all's lacking is the steed. No false modesty, lad. You're a proper champion. Achilles' armor sits on you like it was forged to fit. There be no finer victuals than worm flesh, lad. You'll know it when you see it... tis a splendid sight, all covered with gold... Don't fear making noise. Dragons be deaf as tree stumps. There's the spirit, lad. If ye run into trouble, give a yank here and we'll haul ye up. Better pray the worm's a sound sleeper, Jack. Now, Jack-lad, no one's asking ye to skewer the worm. Even St. Michael'd have a job on his hands for all that. But the serpent hoards a pile of booty, Achilles' armor among his treasures... if we find our way within the mound and him asleep... No less a creature than the Lindfarne Worm. A tomb it once was, boy, and a tomb it may yet be... There's another in residence at Lindfarne now. There it be, lad. The Lindfarne Mound. Kings long forgotten lie there, lost in their final sleep. I know where to find it. Taking possession be another matter. Bravely spoke. You've the heart of a champion, true enough. Time for a champion. Can you do more than pick acorns and rob bird's nests, Jack? Aye. Black Baron's mischief. Lamentable news, Jack... but tis the fate of the living concerns us now. Fie on what she thinks! You mind her claws and teeth... Cast your spell, Oona. Here now. Toss her this when you've the chance. Jenny Greenteeth can't resist the sight of herself in a glass. She's terribly vain. Praise her beauty and you'll lull her sweet as a babe in a cradle. Don't get caught, that's what! She'll suck your bones like honey- comb. Aye. That foul wallow be where Jenny Greenteeth dwells. Oona... lure her out. Play the part of a girl-child. Aye. On the morrow we go, but tonight... ... tonight is for making merry. Think there be truth only in beauty, lad? If you've the courage to ask and take care to avoid her terrible claws, Jenny Greenteeth has the answers you seek. Someone worthy of respect, lad. She be a water spirit, lives in a bog down at sea-side. Hideous creature to look at, even by my doubtful standards; devours little children, she does, when she can catch them. True... But it won't come easy or free. If ye want to ask, ask Jenny Greenteeth. Course we care. What good's the world locked in a season of death. Frozen up, no folks to scare out of their wits on a summer's night; no babies to tickle; no more spells to cast... Think that's an enjoyable prospect? If ye want more tricks, I'm your man, but for big questions ye must go elsewhere. That much magic I can offer ye, a small measure of entertainment at best. Making the world a frozen hell is beyond me modest powers. If you're looking for enchantment, Jack, that I can give thee... Aye. Honeythorn Gump'd be a powerful wizard indeed could he answer. Big question that, lad. Why what? He is afraid of enchantment! Will you listen to the fool prattle on. Generally known! What general ever knew more than to lace up his boots? Are ye afraid of me wine? Did your momma tell ye never to take food nor drink from the Wee Folk? Think if ye sup with the faeries you'll be enchanted? Elderberry wine. No finer drink under heaven. Why, Jack-lad, she likes you, is all. And what hot-blooded hero wouldn't welcome the affections of a fair nymph like Oona here...? If your blood runs so cold, boy, you be a corpse before your time. Mayhap you be the one what's lost, and she safe by the castle hearth... but, come Jack, we'll warm your bones. I've laid eyes on no mortal but you this day, Jack. You have me word, lad. To answer a faerie riddle deserves as much. You be our guest, Jack. Well spoke. True to the mark. And if it's wine you're wanting, it's wine we shall have. Damnation! Codfish and cockles! Gammon and trotters! You've bested me, Jack. What! Why, Jack, then tis your death song I'll be strumming. Didn't you now? Well then, answer me this riddle and all be forgiven. You'll have a long, long rest in the tomb, me lad. And how is it a mortal dare dictate to the faerie folk? Is me music not to your liking? Mayhap the dance of death by more your pleasure. Dance, Jack! The night's but begun. To be sure. Oh, but you will be, Jack... Think you to sleep in a faerie ring and not spend the night a-dancing? Aye, Honeythorn Gump, come to serenade you, Jack... come to make you dance. So, Jack... think you be a Green Man and not know Gump. Dolt! They'll do nicely. Good, lad... Here, Jack, give me a hand with the windlass... There's a good fellow... Start acting like you're worthy of this mission... Here. Whatever you do, don't dare drop it. Rise, Screwball, and into the basket with you. You'll do it because I am you liege and I command you to do it! They've fired the moat! Very thrifty. Even got your arrow back. Well done, lad. We seek to undo the curse. Screwball! Be quiet...! We have friends live 'neath the Needle. They'll no doubt provide safe refuge for the night. These chaps'll need a woodpecker to pick their teeth. Barely living, from the looks of it. Well done, lad. Stout heart. Hush up, Screwball. Do your own worm-sticking if you like the taste so well.No, wait... please... listen... Oh no... Don't you understand? I need your help. In order to fight Blackheart, I must wear the armor of Achilles. I -- It's terrible. Then you'll understand my quest. An ogre named Blackheart has killed the last stag unicorn and stolen his horn. The world outside is cursed, plunged into eternal winter. Unless I return the alicorn, the earth will be frozen forever. You don't ravage the countryside, devouring maidens and burning the crops? East of Mercia? Cathay? Well, er... no. I mean, you don't look like dragons I've heard of. Oh, no, never... nothing like that... never crossed my mind. I said, I mean no harm... I thought this as empty tomb. I didn't know... I -- I'll try. Nay. It was lost. When I came up for air the pond was frozen over. She tossed her ring in the pond and bid me fetch it. Said she'd marry me if I did. By the pond. She was teasing me. I was with the Princess. I'll do anything... face any challenge! The quest's at an end and where's the good of it? A faerie festival over a pile of bones? She lives like all the world before the Baron's curse lifted. Now the world's reborn, yet still she sleeps... Were the Princess Lili to join me I would sing till my lungs burst! I'm not denying it's a joyous day -- Not in the mood, I'm afraid. A good day for singing... He'll not escape me. Sapphire! I could have struck off his head just now! He's getting away! He was at my mercy! Hurry up! Seems to be some sort of vaulted chamber up ahead... Can't we move any faster? Hey! Stop it! I can't see. Will you explain what's going on? Plan on carrying some away in a kettle? What weapon? Did you bring me here to sup? I'm not afraid of the dark. Aye. Hurry now, Gump, the key! Because sunlight will kill him. Quickly now, give me the key. The Baron hides in the dark in a passage under the Castle... Quick, give me the dwarf's key... the one which opens any lock... I don't... understand. Can you save her? The wound is mortal. ... the Princess Lili... I've killed her. It doesn't matter. Aye. We're good as inside. He'll be atop the portculis ere long. Then it's Godspeed, Screwball. Have the engineers corrected for alignment and trajectory? One more turn... There must be some way to get it up there. That's it! The unbreakable line! We'll tie it to an arrow and fire it up into the timbers above the portculis... then, I'll climb up and chop down the drawbridge. What magic have we on our side? There isn't much time! Water doesn't burn... Never mind. Just do it! Retrieve the arrows somehow. Don't loose heart... Assemble the archers. Have everyone not holding a shield man a bow. Shoot the damned things as they fly. Defend ourselves. We've bested far worse already. We do both. Our frontal attack a diversion whilst we drive a tunnel under... We'll need more siege machinery and longer scaling ladders. On the morrow I'll be awake enough to see if dreams come true. There's more than one way to spring a trap. Give in to despair and all is lost. It's your own fear troubles you... We're here, aren't we? For all the dark magic protecting it. The chill is worse this night. Can we trust him? But seem to have gotten lost on the way. Nay. I show no pity to imps and fiends. Nay. This time we strike first! We'll never find the Baron's castle. Why not admit it, Honeythorn Gump. We've lost our way entirely. We'll trust in faith, Gump. Heading true north. We continue in that direction. We'll find it. No, thank the Lord, but she be sore envenomed by the spider's bite. Archers! Bring down that spider! I'll deal with this other creature... Wait! It bodes evil. There's the way, mates. We'll surely be in our graves if we don't. Make haste! We've a hard day's march ahead. God protect you, Honeythorn Gump. We're not in a tournament, Gump. Ah, but a sword twice tempered in the blood of living dragons... I pray always to be worthy of it. Gump, you're putting words in my mouth. Certainly understandable. Ogg's footprints! My God! Look! Nice piece of work. Here is a bold champion's reward; to serve as a dwarf's doorstop. Better to kill than be disturbed. And this? Some of their handiwork? I trust our own welcome will be more hospitable. Twould appear other travelers precede us. Good. Oona tells me the raven has roosted for the night on a sharp stone spire some half a mile distance. Stealing his arms? There... it seems to quit... I'll wager that war held other attractions quite apart from nursing. What know you of fields of war? The foulest. Mayhap I can cut them free. Aye. He's enchanted the lot of them. His reward for delivering the unicorn. This is ogre's magic. Send Oona up above the tree tops. She be our eyes. Beware. I'm sure. It spoke to me. Jenny Greenteeth said: "Follow the raven in her flight..." We must follow that bird. Aye. And hang his foul hide up like dirty laundry for the drying. A true and troubling question, Gump... We'll start from where the unicorn was killed. The Baron must have left a trail. We march on Castle Couer de Noir within the hour. Drop a mountain on him and we won't need our troops. You'll need more than bird droppings for Blackheart. Save your mischief for the Black Baron. We've no time for tricks this day, Honeythorn Gump. The colt's still too small. Damn them! It would appear so. What is it? Shhhh! I believe this is a sword such as the archangels wield. Surely St. Michael had so fine a blade when he drove the serpent from heaven. By the grace of God. Better we eat him than the other way round. What's left of me... How do I recognize the armor of Achilles? You do the praying. I've work ahead. Knaves and robbers... So I'm to be a dragon-slayer, is that it? And who might that be? Have we turned grave-robber, then? Twill take more than heart. Where do we find the armor of Achilles, for a start? I'll do what I have to do, for Princess Lili's sake! If the horn be restored the curse is ended. Did you hear? Twas the killing of the unicorn caused it. The princess is dead. And if she thinks me a liar? What do I do? Are we here? Will you lead me to her? How is it this hag knows the truth? Jenny Greenteeth? Who's she? There must be an answer somewhere. Don't you care about what's happened? Then, what's gone wrong? Why did it happen? Don't you know? Why has this happened to the world? Why is it winter now, and dark? But... but, why? Please don't misunderstand. I am grateful for your hospitality and -- Well... I... I don't want to be rude, but... it's generally known that -- It looks... er, delicious... Such a fine bouquet... very aromatic... What does she want from me? I fear she's lost. Twas the Princess Lili gave me the answer... have you seen her, by chance? I'm honored, Honeythorn Gump... but no more tricks. A riddle without an answer is but an empty cup when you're thirsty for wine. The flower. Bluebells. To hear them ringing means your life's at an end. It's bluebells! And if I cannot? I meant no disrespect. No... I... I need to rest. Enough! No! Tis not the time! I want no part of your frolic. Faerie ring? I'm in no mood for dancing. Gump, is it? Ow! Whatever it is, it hurts. Nor can I. Damn! It's buzzing all around me. Ouch! I can hear it like a fly trapped inside my ear... Says its name is Oona! Everywhere! Ow! Pinching me! Ouch! Something's biting me. Lili... I love you! But... I am a Green Man. I have no title, nor lands... scarce even a few vines and threads to keep the cold from my body. You're teasing still. Is what you said about the ring but another dream? I can't have been under much more than a minute. Whilst you were sleeping, I fetched your ring. No! Don't let go... you mustn't! I love you! So, he's hiding in the dark... Sunlight? What? It's the Baron's damnable work! Too cowardly to stand and fight... he used you to save himself. No! I won't let it happen... They told me you were dead. I thought you were dead... I -- What have I done? Lili! No! What if I answer yes? Will my wish come true? If wishes were horses even beggars would ride. I have no wife. Tis not fit for a princess. I'm afraid it may storm. My heart intends no more than that you love me as I do you. My lady mocks me. There's no happier thought under heaven. Tis the truth. Not even the birds sing sweet as you. Do you think memory can be washed away like a few spots of blood? Its powers are strong. There are many would pay a king's ransom for a few drops of unicorn blood. Good. They'll never catch him. There's not a mount in the kingdom can outrun a unicorn. He did run? How bad was the unicorn's wound? They tricked you. Damned hunters. It was a trap, and you were the bait! Who? What happened? To fetch your napkin. I'm not your judge... nor have I any desire to witness the trial. Not if you be chaste. Tis an awesome test of virginity. Tis a fair question. If you be a virtuous maid the unicorn will lay his head in your lap. Are you honest? They rival the angels of paradise. In these woods you are a commoner. Now be quiet. True royalty approaches. Shhh! Your command is my wish, Princess Lili. I'm not its master. I'll go search for it. What's the matter? Be patient. That viper has envenomed the water. No animal will drink here now. Only were he a fool to boot. See yon viper? Stop complaining. All right. I'll show you something sacred. Unicorn? Blackheart. Aptly named. Sport, indeed. Or perchance... I may have said perhaps... Never. These for me? Greetings, my lady, the green wood is honored. Sigurd's sword... His feet shall never cross my lips. We seek the ogre, Baron Couer de Noir. He slew a unicorn and plunged the world into eternal winter. Honored to make your acquaintance. As a hummingbird returns to the fairest blossom. Tis not the time to speak of cheer. This is sad news, be it true. I don't believe you. No! Twould be to compare one star with another in the summer sky. Exceeding fair. Princess Lili, Godwin's daughter. She was with me when calamity struck, but after I could find no trace of her. What became of the princess? Nay. Tempting as your invitation be. Tell me one thing more. Not very precise directions. Where do I find the Baron's castle? How do I get the horn back? He chopped off the horn and left the rest to rot. Here be the death weapon; the unicorn's blood dry upon it. A unicorn's been slain. The last stallion in all the country. Dear lad, what does winter bespeak but death? It is a time of mourning. This calamity is a curse. Something wondrous and beautiful has been taken from the world. Aye. And it is the trouble befallen us that brings me here. I entreat you to tell me the cause of our surrounding sorrow, most lovely of the lovely. The sight of you makes flowers seem like dross. All the heavenly angels must envy your grace. The moon herself would hide behind a cloud rather than dare comparison with you... Your fair smile be thanks enough. Better I stand afar to admire your beauty complete. They call me Green Jack, ma'am. I bring you the only treasure worthy of your loveliness... for naught else in the universe rivals the reflected glory of your beauty. Heading north still? Be fair, Oona. And as barren of love as stone. Threats won't make me love you. Tis not the way of the human heart. Please... Oona... don't cry... please, you mustn't... I'm promised to another! Nay, Oona, tis not possible. Sweeter than bee pollen on a summer wind. You are fair as the first new flower of spring... How so? That was in jest. Wondrously so. In every way. I had no thought of offending you, Oona. And charmed, of course. I'd be honored. I live in an abandoned fox den neath the roots of a thousand-year-old oak. My bed is pine boughs and rabbit skins. There's no need of weaponry to keep the maids away. Never even had a sword in my hand until yesterday. No fear of that now. Then I'd kiss you without turning my garments inside-out and sewing bells all over. This is not the time for squabbling. I pray God grants it me. Your fond wishes give me strength, dear friends. It's done... we'll never catch him. Done like a champion. Can you reach me with the line? Haven't heard a bird sing in days... Bah! You faeries have the morals of ferrets. His honor, I suppose... seeing he no longer can defend it. Come on, Gump, let's have a look at this witchcraft. Where? Of course they're alive. All nature is living. Praise be to God. I'm in your debt, Screwball. I think she's about to foal. We wait. I know where to find him... He lies out on the marsh, raven-fodder; his horn torn from his head. You're with us in battle. Achilles wore it before the gates of Troy. The Avatar. I like the sound of it. I slew the Lindfarne Worm with it. Oh, but I have. Don't speak to me of dreams! I feel I've been dreaming since the unicorn was killed. You've been inside? A castle's but stone and mortar -- Let that be our problem, just get us there. There'll be spoils aplenty if you guide us there. Once we breach the walls, help yourself to all you can carry. Can you show us the way? You do know where it is? Simple as that, eh? Much good we do the world, for all our noble quest... Forgive my blood haste, Jimmy Squarefoot, but I want no more surprises from Couer de Noir. Is he a friend, then? I'm sending you back to Hell!If we charge them, they won't have a chance. But we gotta get to the horses. The money's in my saddlebags over there, but I ain't stepping out to get it. I'd get down if I were you. They may be up there now. Wait a minute! If you don't believe me, ask them... ...they saw me and my pal in Turley before we did the job. My partner and me robbed the bank in Turley and headed out with a posse on our tails. My partner there caught one a ways back, and I think he kicked off while I was looking for this damn canyon. You're Dawson, ain't you? I'm Tex LaRue. Used to ride with Ry Morris. You know him. Well, Andy Sims told me there was a hideout here, so I headed for it. Hope you don't mind. I wouldn't do that. You're going to need every gun when that posse gets here. Well, Kate, it was self-defense sure enough, but I think you'd have to say I killed old Murdo. I think that's definitely the word. Forget the money. You've got to get these people out of here. This is no place to be sitting with women and kids. There's nobody coming? Jake, I'm going to ask you once -- was it self-defense? What friend is that? You're in here for winging a guy? ...And you had to kill him? That's why they got you in jail? Howdy, Jake. What's going on here? Wait a minute. Get down off of there, Augie. Sounds good. Did it seem short to you? McKendrick. Gotta go. Kate? Is he alive? Where's Jake? Be careful. You're in it now. And it's gonna get mean. Have to. I gotta get to my brother. If they came after me, they'll want him too. I'm sorry. That's it. I'd be worse if you hadn't come along. Where are we? ...Gotta go... Maybe we'll see you sometime. Where were you? That I do. I already did that. How's Mr. Parker doing? You must have known that before you came. Are you all right? Yeah... that must have been it. You don't make it easy on a fellow. That's why I'm here. Yeah, me and Jake will be heading out for California soon. I just came out to say goodbye. Paden sends his best. The Parkers seem like nice folks. Have you thought at all about your plans? Well, they're wrong. This territory is full of bad characters. Hobart, what are you people doing here? My name is Emmett. I'm afraid it is a bad start, friend, 'cause my name isn't Baxter, and he ain't Hawley. I'll be long gone. I haven't done anything. Right... I thought they always did it at dawn. So long, kid. I'm sorry. I guess tomorrow at dawn he'll be proved right. All right. I'm looking for a young fella, full of juice. About my size, wears a fancy two-gun rig. I'm just meeting a guy here and moving on. So far I haven't been able to find him. You might make a farmer yet. I'll see you around. Pleased to meet you, Sheriff. I'm going to California with my brother. Yeah? I'll be around. Where you been? Anybody got any ideas? You haven't got any money. No hard feelings. It never is. But he's my brother. We're going to California together. But first we're going to stop in Silverado and see our sister. And I can't show up there with a story like this. I understand. Bad luck for me. Now I gotta bust him out of there. He is that. Which way do you mean? I expect. I expect. It's a town... Gotta meet a guy and head out for Silverado. I gotta be going. I see what you like, she's mighty pretty. Yeah, maybe a bath. South of here, past Chimayo. I gotta stop by Turley and meet a guy. Looks like those boys are headed south, so they weren't the same ones that jumped me. Which way you going? Looks like that's not all they admired. I had to get up anyway. No, Leavenworth. Not for five years. Two of the horses ran off, but that pinto you're riding hung around.I've got a job. Last one to the Midnight Star buys. Cobb, I want you to meet Emmett. He's a friend of mine. This is Sheriff Cobb. All I'm saying is, you won't trip over me if you look her up. Hannah's a smart, pretty woman, but she's got a hard idea for living. I think I'll ride along with the lady here. Just take a look at this farmland before I come into Silverado. See what makes a trip this hard worth taking. I'll see you around. Oh, I was just checking the, ah... ...you know, lookin' in. You know, hanging around with you is no picnic. All right, you buy me a drink. C'mon, I'll buy you a drink. Then I guess this is where we part ways. Sorry. It's not going to be easy. You'll have to deal me out on that. I've had some experience with that sort of thing, and I don't want any more. I hate to see any man swing. Bad luck. Shame about the kid. Seems a lively sort. Doesn't look quite fair. Women? They got a saloon there? What's Turley like? Going to Turley, was it? And bridle-wise, too. She's the only thing I lost I really cared about. 'Cept for maybe my hat. It's a great one. Got a pretty silver band on it. My head spent three years training it. I surely do miss that hat. Maybe I'll go along as far as Chimayo. Get me some clothes. Maybe a bath. Where's Turley? Where's the pinto going? Yup. The whole rig. I don't care much about the rest, but I surely will miss that bay. Least they didn't kill me. That was right considerate, I thought. They were laughing when they left me. Thought it was real funny. I walked for a little while but there was no use, so I gave it up. Figured it was just bad luck. Me, I'm riding along, minding my own business. Four cowboys come by and we decide to ride together for a while, friendly as can be. I always figure you might as well approach life like everybody's your friend or nobody is... don't make much difference. We get out in the middle of that frying pan and suddenly everybody's pointing their gun but me. I guess they admired my horse. She's a great one, a sweet little bay. I've never been in there. They just jumped you out of the blue? Jefferson City? Offend anybody lately? You got no idea what they were after? What's that? Why? Believe it. And a pretty lady. Never will again. He acted bravely out there, Hannah. Just bad luck his getting hit. Could have been any one of us. Let's get out of here. I don't want you getting anyone in my place. That's what you said in Turley. You remember how that ended. Get out of here, Jake. Oh, a guy who got run out of town... He is now. Where's your brother? What now? We didn't get that far. The other guy drew first. I've got no reason to run. It was a fair fight and there were plenty of witnesses. I can't say I'm convinced you're going anywhere. I was afraid of that. So this is the guy you're going to hang? You're kidding. We'd rather stay. Where's Emmett now? Lucky. I heard from Stella you were trying to find Jake. What happened to Emmett? Why are they doing this, Mal? Good luck, Mal. Yeah. Bad luck. Good-bye, Cobb. What's she got to do with it? Cobb, you've got nothing I need. I saw how you're putting Mal Johnson straight. We didn't talk about this. They took the little boy, Cobb. Yeah, maybe I will too. Don't worry about me. If you're taking on Emmett, the last place I want to be is between you. I'm a great believer in doing nothing. What is it you want from me? Well, thanks, but forget it. It is that. This is a lot of money. Maybe we ought to ask Stella. You didn't tell me you owned a saloon. Luck, I guess. I just got to town. Well I'm real happy for you, Cobb. But I think I'll keep looking for mine. You're right. You've got a legitimate job. I've given that up. Appreciate the loan. I'm good for it. It's been a while. Hello, Cobb. You better get in there with her until this thing is over. I don't want you to get hurt. I like your attitude. But it can be risky. Is that what he said? Well, he figured it okay this time. You sure? Maybe that's the kind of friend I am. What makes you say that? What do you mean? He left me. Give me some of the good stuff. Oh, yeah? How good? What's this? I meant, seemed like a lot of whiskey. Is this a fair mix? Who's the owner? Why'd you go into business with him? So-called? You wouldn't be needing any help around here, would you? Maybe with the gambling? It's the only place I'm happy. And I know what I'm talking about. My compliments to you, Miss Stella. This is what I call a saloon. Stella... Are you the midnight star herself? Paden. I'll drink to that. Will you join me, Miss -- Nifty. You work here?Oh -- I'm all right. Say, listen, about this dance Saturday night -- Uh, hi, Eileen. No! Eileen, Chinese food again? Coming, Eileen... Maybe if I used my left.... Oh. Uh... 'Hey, you! Get your damn hands off her!' George paused. You really think I should swear? You mean, you're gonna -- Why is she gonna get angry with you? Why? In the parking lot, with her. I'm going to be at the dance. But I've never picked a fight in my entire life! Look, Marty, I'm just not a fighter... I don't want to hit you in the stomach! 'Bike fine point?' Lemme see that. What is that? A pencil that writes in ink? Huh? Oh, no! That was for the cafeteria! This is different! What do I say? Well... yeah... Not now.... The sunrise? What for? No, Chinese food is fine. Good. Learn anything? What drill?What do you want, Biff? The day I show respect to Biff Tannen will be the day I win a million dollars... What's the matter, Biff, they're not showing you any respect down at the golf course? Don't they realize what a tough job it is keeping the criminal element away from the country club? What do you want, Biff? And you never heard of rock 'n roll? This is 1952....? I don't get it. How come there's no rock 'n roll? This... is the number one single? What's N.R.C.? Dick, what's with those guys out there in the gutter? Gimme some chili, fries, and a Tab. Morning Dick. You do? Well, Eileen...jeez, that's hard for me to say. Have you ever been in a situation where -- well -- you know you have to act a certain way, but when you get there, you don't know if you can go through with it? Uh, yeah, well, believe me, I sure feel like I know you! Oh, no, I'm fine...fine. Listen, Professor Brown told me you called last night and gave me your message... He comes out of the cafeteria line, he's nervous, he spills his corn, and he asks you to the dance! But he does! Don't you see? George! He's supposed to ask you to the dance! Yeah. Maybe so. What time does school start around here? School? I never thought of school! If I went to school I could blend in with everybody else, couldn't I? Oh, I'm feeling much better now. How could I forget? Oh, sure, I remember you. Uh, hi.... Huh? It's polyester. Uh, thanks... How old are you? Mom, how else are we gonna see the sunrise? Oh yeah. Fine. I was practicing. I've got an audition next week -- I gotta practice. How am I gonna get famous if I don't practice? No, George, just concentrate on the anger. Anger. Yes, definitely, god dammit George, swear. Then you hit me in the stomach, I go down for the count, and you and Eileen life happily ever after. Now, hit me in the stomach. Your line, George! George it's not your concern. Don't worry about it. Just remember that at 9:00, you'll be strolling through the parking lot and you'll see us -- struggling in the car, you'll run over, open the door and say....? Why what? Okay. So right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me - And where am I gonna be? You're not picking a fight, you're coming to her rescue. Maybe we'd better go over the plan again. Where are you gonna be at 8:55? How many times do I have to explain it to you?... We know you're not a fighter. You know it, I know it... but she doesn't know it. That's why we gotta make you look like a fighter, somebody who'll stand up for her, somebody who isn't chicken. And you're not gonna look like a fighter if you can't hit me in the stomach. You're not gonna hurt me. Just hit me in the stomach. Bic... It's a Bic pen. It was Marty's turn to be confused. Huh? Nothing. Look, I'll write it down for you, okay? Christ, it's a miracle I was even born! Say what you were supposed to say in the cafeteria. Okay, then! George, she's beautiful, right? She's nice, she's decent, she's the kind of girl you'd like to marry, right? And there's nothing in the world you'd like more than to take her to that dance, right? You've gotta ask her to the dance! Jeez, what do you think? To see it! Saturday night's the 'Springtime in Paris' dance. I'm taking Suzy Parker. Oh yeah. Fine.. The drill! The power drill I bought you for Christmas. I was using it last night. Dad, you seen the drill? Well, yeah, I was thinking, if cars are gonna be going two or three hundred miles an hour, they're gonna be using an awful lot of gas. Like, what if we run out? Who, me? Marty. Marty Lewis. Uh -- yeah. I'm new here, and I'm supposed to be in this class. Hey, Mr. Arky, gimme a break! I'm seventeen years old! I'm not responsible for all these problems! Yeah, explode it up your ass! You know damn well that's not what I meant. Not a holocaust -- What year? Operator, what's today's date? Oh -- right! Uh, Madison 3489. What? Operator! Listen, this is an emergency! I have to make this call, but I don't have a dime -- all I got is a nickel -- but you gotta connect me -- Pro! Release the rope! Yeah, Right. Home, school, here... What, am I radioactive or something? What's this all about? It's the most beautiful city I've ever seen! What is it? What theater was I at? Obviously! But if you didn't rebuild the time machine, how did I go back in time in the first place? 87 states? Time travel bans? What the hell? What do you call this? What year is this? Professor -- there are some doors that shouldn't be opened, Marty said softly, without turning around. Thanks for everything, Pro. It was sure nice of Uncle Sam to put those yardage markers up for us. Nope. My father's never clenched a fist in his entire life! Perfect... Professor, if something does go wrong tonight... if I don't get my parents back together... when do you think I'd cease to exist? That's just what I needed to hear. That's exactly what I said! I mean, a guy and his mother -- that's illegal, isn't it? Look. I'm a little worried about this -- this whole thing with my mother, he admitted to the Professor. I mean, I don't know if I can do it -- I mean, hitting on my own mother, that's pretty heavy. That's all taken care of. Jesus! Are you trying to tell me that my mother's got the hots for me? But why? Why would she do that? She's supposed to marry the guy! But that's impossible!! George asked her out! He had to! I saw him walk her home! Oh, God! Believe me, Professor, running around on a nuclear test site can't be any more dangerous than what I've been doing. I brought it with me from 1982. It's from my science book. Look, it's not a big deal! I can fix it! All I gotta do is get 'em together and make sure my old man asks her out! I know. Well, it was there. Oh -- that -- I found it in the closet. You're talking crazy! An atomic blast would melt me and the time machine in a matter of seconds! Professor, be serious, would you? Okay, Professor, I get where you're coming from. The way I look, the way I'm dressed... I'd stick out like a sore thumb. Hey, look, gimme a break! All I did was answer the door! How's that gonna change history? What if you lost your keys? You were ringing the doorbell! That's just great! Professor. Well, not exactly, Professor. You see, we don't point it at the sun. How did you know? Well, Professor, are you sure you want me to tell you? You know, changing the course of history and all.... The power converter... Oh. That expression probably hasn't been invented yet... I can get behind -- I agree with you. You didn't, Professor. It was an accident! You see, what happened -- Yeah, a shopping mall. You know, a shopping mall? Well, there's a mall here now -- I mean, there will be. Oh, yeah. Jeez -- this is where you used to live, huh? You must have been rich! Marty. Professor, you time machine works! It works! It sent me back in time! I'm from 1982! Professor? Professor Brown? Sure, he agreed quickly. All I know is you're throwing away an awful lot of money. So what? We'd be rich! Sure! Listen -- we take the racing results from today's paper... Professor, can this thing send Shemp back in time? Is Shemp all right? The plutonium! That's what I came over here for! Professor, where did you get that stuff? A time machine! Because of that Coke?! Now hold on a minute, Professor! Hold the phone. Are you trying to tell me that this -- all of this here -- that this is -- it's a -- a -- The future? What are you talking about? Where's Shemp?! Then where the hell is he? But Professor -- Catch you later! Jeez, for a guy with a ton of clocks, you sure don't pay much attention to time. Pro, the sun's out! Eight thirty. Nope. The way I figure it, doors are made to be opened. See you after school. That reminds me, if we could scrape up enough for a 35 film chain, I've got a connection with a projectionist in a first run house -- we could be sellin' new movies on the street before they're even in the theater. Professor Brown! It's almost eight thirty -- I'm outta here! What happened to Dick Wilson? Now who's being stupid? The guy who runs this place. Look, maybe I'd better talk to Dick. Is he around? Sure,. A Tab. Uh, yeah... Gimme a Tab. What did you do to your hair? Suzy! Hell no! The way my mom carries on about sex -- you even mention the word and she goes into cardiac arrest. You shoulda seen her face when I told her we were gonna stay up all night Saturday, he added. Always afraid something is going to happen. No way! Yeah... Jesus! I wonder how he ever got up enough nerve to marry my mom. ...He just lets himself get pushed around all the time! People walk all over him and he never fights back, never stands up for himself.Run out of gas? You're the only Mr. Lewis in this class. If you have something to say, say it so the whole class can hear. You have a name? Yes, that's my name. Who are you, young man? Are you supposed to be here? Unfortunately, the way things are going, you may get your wish. You may see the entire annhiliation of the world. If not, you'll certainly see the destruction of all out natural resources. We can already see the air we breathe, not to mention the pollution in our rivers and lakes. We'll see all of our oil reserves depleted, in fact, all of our energy sources. Yes, you people have a lot to look forward to -- a lot to see. All I can say is, that's one helluva attitude, Mr. McFly. 'Let's explode a hundred megaton Geothermal nuclear device, just to see it.' Mr. McFly here wants to nuke it all, just so he can see it! You'd like to see a nuclear holocaust?Pretty, isn't it? The Orpheum. But I told everyone your disappearance was due to a teleportation experiment you were helping me with. So don't mention anything about time travel to anyone. According to your girlfriend, Suzy Parker, you and she were at the movies. You went to the restroom and you never came out. Obviously, you stepped through an inter-dimensional time warp, created by the original operation of the time machine. You see, I never rebuilt the time machine after it was destroyed in 1952. I decided that experimenting with time and possibly changing history was too risky. Anyway, experiments in time travel were banned in all 87 states after the governor of Cuba caught Dr. Felstien fooling around in the Bermuda Triangle -- that was back in '64. A car. Hop in, Marty, . We've got a long drive ahead of us. 1982! March 18, just like we planned! My calculations were absolutely correct! Thirty years! God, I cannot believe it's been thirty years! Sure, it was a long time ago -- longest I've ever had to wait for the results of an experiment! Marty, I know I've repeatedly asked you not to tell me anything about the future, but....well, those loud bangs on the tape recorder....are they.... Professor Brown grinned. I guess I'll see you in... about 30 years. We're at one and a half miles, so you're just a little over a mile from where you want to be, Wait until minus 3 minutes before you go -- that should give you plenty of time, and it should be close enough to zero hour that they can't do anything to stop you. Park the truck at 800 and get in the refri-- the time chamber. Just be sure the nose of the truck is pointed at the bomb....the power converter will do the rest. Curious... Very curious. You didn't? It could happen at the moment you arrive back in the future, theoretically, it could happen at the moment of your birth...or conception. Actually, it could happen at any time. It's a question to which I hope we'll never learn the answer. There's no way of knowing. It'll be fine, Marty. You'll be fine. Good luck. He stuck his hand out and Marty shook it. But there was still a question that was nagging at him... Look, Marty, she's not your mother yet. And if you don't go through with this, she may never be. I know it's hard, but there are some things we must do in life that are unpleasant. Some choices must be made that are difficult. Nonetheless, we must make them. Besides, this may be more than a simple question of your own existence, he added. The fate of the entire space-time continuum may rest on your shoulders . Marty tried to smile at him. Nobody said anything about hitting her! You're just going to take a few liberties with her. Good. Professor Brown tested the tarp, noting in satisfaction that it was secure. I'll pick you up in front of the school at midnight. Don't be late -- we're cutting it close as it is. We've got a long drive ahead of us. In a manner of speaking, yes. And because of that, she's no longer interested in your father. Apparently, what has happened is that the maternal instinct has transcended the gap of time and this has caused an alteration in your mother's emotional behavior. My guess is that she turned him down. Your 'mother' wanted me to tell you that she was very impressed by what you did this afternoon, and that if you were interested in going to the dance Saturday, she's available. The test is this Monday! 15 megatons... Let's see, we need 4200 rads... You'd have to be...exactly 800 yards from ground zero... You realize that what we're going to do could be extremely dangerous. Where did you get this? You better make sure your old man asks her out, because if he doesn't, they may never have a first date. And if they don't have a first date, they won't have a second date. If they don't have a second date, they won't fall in love. If they don't fall in love, they won't get married, and if they don't get married, you'll never be born! You did what?!? Curious... Very curious.... I don't recall ever seeing it before. Say, where did this guitar come from? You forget -- time travel is instantaneous. The time machine would melt, but you would have already travelled through time. Of course, it's a moot point regardless. The only place atomic bombs are detonated is at the Army's Nevada Test Site, and those tests are kept absolutely top secret. I am serious. If we could get you, the time machine, and the power converter in the vicinity of an atomic blast, we could send you back to the future. An atomic bomb. Let me put it on a level you can understand. You don't belong here. You don't know anything about this world. You don't know the customs, you don't know how to talk, how to act -- you don't even look like you belong here. And if you walked out on the street, you wouldn't get 100 yards without being arrested. Then there would be questions, and where would we come up with the answers? I don't know, but I don't want to take any chances! Now you stay here and don't do anything. Don't answer the door, don't answer the phone, don't go outside. Understand? Then I would have figured out to get back in through the events in the natural course of history! Don't you understand? The fabric of history is very delicate. Anything you do could have serious consequences! I told you not to interfere with any of the events of this time! Nobody's supposed to see you here! What if I was a mailman? Or a salesman? You answered the door! 4200 rads... That certainly can't be generated under controlled conditions in this day and age. We don't.... Just a guess. I figured kids would still be drinking Coke in 1982. Blast it -- no, I suppose you're right.... You do know the proper chemical formula? Of course! The power converter! It works! Of course, it works... What chemicals do we use? On second thought, there may be some things you'll have to tell me. Pardon me? No! Don't tell me! I don't want to know the future! My knowledge of future events... your mere presence here... could have devastating effects on the course of history. And altering history is a responsibility that I do not wish to bear. My immediate response is to send you back to your own time. You've convinced me that you must be who you say you are. No living human has ever seen this machine. But why? Why even in my twilight years would I remotely consider sending someone back in time? A mall? Must have been? Used to live? I do live here. Uh, Marty Lewis! I almost didn't recognize him -- haven't seen him in years. He will be. Simple inebriation, is all. The young man must have a rather low tolerance for alcohol... something that runs in the family. You see, he's a second cousin of mine on my mother's side. Came quite a distance to visit me, he added. His name's Lewis. Ssshhhhh! You know me? The future, Marty, the future is everything! I built this machine to see the future. So I am going to send Shemp twenty-four hours into the future. You can assist me, if you like. Don't you understand? The mere act of sending matter back in time would change the course of events, and changing history is a responsibility that I do not wish to bear. Marty, that would alter history. A gold mine? Of course. Shemp is unaware that anything even happened, other than his stool suddenly falling over. We had to wait two minutes to catch up to him, but for Shemp the trip was instantaneous. Exactly two minutes difference... and it's still ticking! Why? Precisely! Shemp is right here in this room...two minutes from now, and at exactly 9:02PM, we'll catch up to him. The appropriate question to ask is when the hell is he! You see, Shemp has just become the world's first time traveller. I've sent Shemp into the future -- two minutes into the future to be exact. No, Marty. Shemp's molecular structure is completely intact! Get behind the shield! I'm about to release radiation! ...To be traveled through Oh, right, right... AM or PM? Oh -- Marty -- what time did you say it was? Did you ever consider that some doors are locked for a reason? A 35mm film chain... I'll see what I can do.... The power of a million hydrogen bombs! ...and we get twenty four measly volts. It's not fair! I've been working on this power converter since 1949, and you'd think in all that time, I could find the right chemicals that would efficiently convert radiation into electric energy! But no! Thirty three years of dedication and research, and all I've got to show for it is a bootleg video operation! Shhhhhhhh!... And then some. ...your ducts? ...ergency procedures. ...Be back. ...ervices. ... get to it. ... new washer. ... yer ducts. ... ere please. ...sod you, stupid twit. ...ven't you? ...sabotage! ...Yer nostril? ...aven't you? Mumble ... Tuttle ... Got there! ... have a look. ...ampered. with it, Spoor. ... fix themselves. ...ixed itself. ...ditioning. ...elephoned sir.Shut up! This is a professional relationship! How do you think I feel? You shit! How could you do this to me? You stupid bastard! Bastard!!! Shut up! Well, could you stay away from me until this thing blows over. Sam - we've always been close, haven't we? There are no coincidences, Sam. Everything's connected, all along the line. Cause and effect. That's the beauty of it. Our job is to trace the connections and reveal them. This whole Buttle/Tuttle confusion was obviously planned from the inside. Bye bye. I do. Goodbye. Tell that to the wives of the Security men she blew up this afternoon. Listen, we've also had a report just in from Central Services that Tuttle has wrecked an entire flat and sabotaged adjacent Central Services systems - as a matter of fact, in your block. I'd keep my eyes open if I were you, Sam. Bye. I'm sorry, Sam, I'm afraid this whole case has become much more complicated since last we talked. Sam ... we're proud to have you at Information Retrieval. Merry Xmas. Do you know what you're doing. Er ... alright. For Christ's sake don't lose it. Here, you'd better sign for it. We don't make mistakes. There's no procedure for that until she's been arrested. But, I've already put her on the search and detain list. Right! Just between as and the Security Forces. You're the only person I can trust. Of course. We went to school together. You're my oldest friend. What does that mean? I don't want to be involved in anything unsavoury. Well, I ... Good point. What do you suggest? Get her out of circulation - I've put her on the detention list. Kindness? What's the purpose behind this line of enquiry? {baffled) I don't follow you. Why? Barbara's a perfectly good name, isn't it? Look after that suit, eh. Barbara chose it for me. She witnessed the Tuttle arrest - the Buttle arrest - and since then she's been making wild allegations, obviously trying to exploit the situation - she's working for somebody, and she's not working for us. Yes. I'm impressed. Very smart. You didn't know as much about this business as you pretended to, did you? He's a compulsive heating engineer. A maverick ex-Central Service repair man with a grudge against society. Now, fortunately, we're nearly out of the wood, I think. At least we will be when I get this Layton woman under arrest. We suspect him of freelance subversion. What I've got to do now is pick up Tuttle, interrogate him at the same voltage as Buttle, to the same meter reading to the last penny, and juggle the books in electrical banking. There are some real bastards in this department who don't mind breaking a few eggs to make an omelette, but thank God there are the new boys like me who want to maintain decent civilized standards of terrorist eradication. We've got the upper hand for the moment, but they're waiting for us to slip up, and a little slip- up like this is just the chance they're looking for. Sam, there are very rigid parameters laid down to avoid that event but Buttle's heart condition did not appear on Tuttle's file. Don't think I'm dismissing this business, Sam. I've lost a week's sleep over it already. I did not get the wrong man. I got the right man. The wrong man was delivered to me as the right man! I accepted him, on trust, as the right man. Was I wrong? Anyway, to add to the confusion, he died on us. Which, had he been the right man, he wouldn't have done. Well, your A. Buttle has been confused with T47/215, an A. Tuttle. I mean, it's a joke! Somebody should be shot for that. So B58/732 was pulled in by mistake. Christ! You do know it all! OK. OK. Let's not fence around ... This is the situation. Some idiot somewhere in the building, some insect, confused two of our clients, B58/732 and T47/215. Enough though, eh? How much do you know? Please, Sam, we're going to have to be open to each other on this one. If you make a reputation with this case, it'll be at my expense. You clever bastard! I might have guessed. You only moved in today and you're already hot on the bloody trail. Layton! Oh shit! OK. Come back this afternoon, about four o'clock. If you give me the number of the case, I'll have the dossier here waiting. My tailor,... well worth the investment. What? Terrific. I'm really glad you dropped by. Unfortunately, I don't have any time right now I've got a queue of customers to deal with - er, why don't we have a drink tonight? For my sins. Are you settling in alright? Sorry about that ... Mr Helpmann told me you were coming aboard - congratulations! SAM! What a surprise! Mr Helpmann! Dr. Jaffe has pinned her ears back. Remember how they used to stick out? {winking at Sam) She doesn't like me telling anyone but she's pleased as anything really. You remember Alison? Triplets. Sam, your life is going wrong - let your friends tell you - Records is a dead end department, no Security Level worth a damn, it's impossible to get noticed - You are late. What's the matter? Me? - if I'm worried about anyone, it's you. What happened to you, Sam? You were the brightest of us - Problem? - No problem - yes, everything's going fantastically well, wonderful, marvelous, great career prospects, Alison in great shape, kids fine, beautiful home, I'm on Security Level Five now, and Mr Helpmann relies on me more and more, yes, couldn't be better, I feel terrifically motivated and job- rewarded - Long time no see! Sam!It's what you wanted isn't it? I did it for you. Yes. NO! You can't! You've only just turned it down! All enquiries to Information Retrieval. Which is hopeless, of course. They never tell you anything. But come the time they want something from us ... All information on 3rd Level Suspects is classified. What's the matter? Can I forget it? Is it all right about Mrs Buttle's cheque? You are good to me Sam. Oh God! I think I've broken a bone. What a pathetic thing I am. Of course, of course. Leave it to me. How do I authorize a cheque? Here. What do I do next? What? Well, that's it! I may as well go and hang myself! This sort of thing couldn't have happened before the stupid seventh tier reorganization! That was Simmons doing! And he and Jeffries always sit together at lunch! The bastards! Ow! Perhaps we can lose it ... behind the filing cabinet ... or destroy it ... burn it ... eat it ... 27156789/074328/K. Next of kin! Dead! Oh no! That's terrible! We'll never get rid of the damned thing! What are we going to do? I've tried that! Population Census have got him down as dormanted, the Central Collective Storehouse computer has got him down as deleted, and the Information Retrieval have got him down as inoperative ... Security has him down as excised., Admin have him down as completed We've got to get rid of it! There's been a balls-up somewhere, and when the music stops they'll jump on whoever's holding the cheque! I mean, Buttle! It's been confusion from the word go! He's been wrongly charged for Electromemorytherapy and someone somewhere is trying to make us carry the can! The refund for Tuttle! It's your mother isn't it? Pulling strings again. You've been promoted. Would you really, Sam? But if they did promote you What a relief! I don't know what I'd do if you ever got promoted. Oh, good! Isn't it? Whose is it? Oh my God, a mistake! Perhaps the machine's on the blink! It keeps picking up old films. That can't he right, can it?What have you done to my flat? I fixed it myself. I haven't got an emergency. Get out of here. Thank you. Uh - what? - I ... What do I have to do. What? You mean you've got ... Then perhaps you can help me. I've lost someone who ... What? How do you know my name? Yes, it was ... very nice ... thank you. Aren't you a bit late? - the party started half an hour ago. Oh, right ... Oh ... Thank you very much, mother, but actually - Er ... Thanks ... He will be pleased when he comes home. Jill Layton ... You're a very good little girl. What are you doing here? What? ...Jill? Jill who? Jill who? Go away. No, no ... I did that... Please, I've got to find Jill. I'm not a terrorist! You must know that! I'm not guilty! Get me out of here! This is all a mistake! Don't you understand?! Help me! Yes, you've got to get me out of here. I've got to find her. Where's Jill? What have you done to her? Where is she?! Well ... well, I ... Mr Helpmann. I've changed my mind. I'd like to accept the transfer - am I too late? Sorry ... Well, I ... That's all right Mr Helpmann. Glad to help. Jack ... Help me, Jack! I'm frightened! What? This is all a mistake. Jack, please take that mask off. Jack, I'm innocent! Help me. Jack?... Jack? Yes we have, Jack! Jack, she's innocent! It could all be coincidental. You don't really think Tuttle and the girl are in league? She's innocent, Jack --- she's done nothing wrong. Come off it, Jack! Of course you can check to see if she's been arrested. Trust me. Thanks, Jack. I'll be in touch. Well, I'd better get out there and try to get to her before security does. Let me borrow her dossier for a while. Say it was a mistake. Take her off the list. They weren't at school with us. Then we'd better keep this business just between the two of us. And you're mine. Trust me. You do trust me, don't you? Let me try to get to her. I'll deactivate her. You mean you're going to invite her in so that she can spill the beans inside the department? So what are you going to do about her? Out of kindness. Why? Hell, not for any reason ... Look, about the Layton woman - maybe she's just trying to help the Buttle family. Right. Er, you're not going to keep calling her Barbara, are you? But surely, I mean, perhaps she just happened to live above the Buttles, and ... A terrorist? Tell me about Layton. Er ... but I would've found out anyway. Er ... no. What's she done? He's a freelance subversive? What has Tuttle done? So how ...? I'm sure you have You killed him? You got the wrong man. No, no, I don't. I'm just beginning Honestly. Sorry, carry on. B58/732, that's A. Buttle isn't it? Not really, no. Not much. How do you mean? Am I? What is it? I've got numbers all over these - I'm not sure which is the one you want. I don't want to take up your time now, but I was hoping you could give me some information on somebody. It's a security level three matter and Information Retrieval records says to refer to you. Ah ... Yes, thanks. Thanks. Are you officer 412/L? Are you officer 412/L? Jack!! Quite, absolutely - I always thought they were false. What? - Oh, yes - vividly. I used to wonder if they were real. Er, I knew you looked different. Hello, Jack! Really? - God, how time flies! Yes, I know, fantastic, marvellous, wonderful - remember me to Alison - and the - er - twins. Even later. Sorry. Nothing. See you - I'm going to be late. You sound worried. Well, since you disappeared up the ladder of Information Retrieval ... I don't expect to see you slumming in Records - what's the problem? Jack! You don't exist any more. I've killed you. Jill Layton is dead. Thanks for the vote of confidence. I'm going to pull some strings. It's our only hope. Make yourself at home. Don't answer the phone or open he door to anyone. I won't be long. C'mon. We've got to get out of here. Are you sure? No. No. I'm fine. I was worried sick about you ... I thought ... What happened to you after ... Jill! What are you do ... I mean ... how did you ... Are you alright? I'm going to open it! ........... It's a bomb isn't it? I vas just trying to help. I decided to trust you. Maybe I was wrong. Whose side are you on really? Who are your friends? Who was the man who gave you the parcel? What's in it? It's the only thing you saved from the lorry .... It must he something very special. You've got to trust me. It sounds silly but I know we were meant to meet. There are plenty of other safe places. Why don't we go back to my flat? Please, Jill ... I love you. This is a hell of a time to buy a nightie. "Lady bird, lady bird, fly away home, your house is on fire and your children all gone" ... Do you think anyone's hurt? "And your children all gone." It wasn't supposed to happen like this. Oh God! What have we done? Now you're the one that's out of your mind. I was right! Step on it! Turn! Will you please turn back. Yes ... but, this is real. Now, stop! No. Please. They're going to arrest you. Security. They'll be there waiting. Turn around! Every day? What? I thought you were free to come and go as you please. Actual. terrorists? Well ... it's only my first day. Well, terrorists of course. Well, all wars do - Well, no system is. Things would be worse without Information Retrieval. What do you mean? Would you rather have terrorists? Suit me? Really. Looking for you. It's heavy. OK. What's in the parcel? What's going on here? Where are you taking me? Ah ... Er ... It looks as if you're taking me. What? Why not? Why? Yes. Ceiling. Why did you run away? Yes, of course. Sorry. You know, smoking's bad for you. I don't know. Hey, that's not a very nice thing to say. Oh. But ... Look, I'm sorry I shouted at you. ... This is amazing ... for me ... being here with you. I mean, in my dreams you ... Oh, sorry. Us. Them. I don't know ... just get going. Alright! Alright! Alright! I'm Information Retrieval Officer - DZ/015, and I'm arresting you for - your own good! Now start up and get moving before I hand you back to them! Please! Bloody hell! Do as I say! What are you doing? For Christ's sake! Get moving! Ow! That hurt! Don't look back! Act naturally! It's you ... it's you ... Yes ... No ... I don't, know. What! Shit! I never signed the form. I've go to accept that promotion to get behind this, haven't I? I know that. You don't happen to know how I can get around an IRQ/3 do you? Damn! Blast! Yes. I delivered it. Don't mention it. See you later. That's it. Here. Here we are. Pink and blue receipts. All you've got to do is sign these and the back of the cheque. Call the motor pool and authorise personal transport. Drive out to Mrs Buttle, give her the cheque, tell her to sign her name on the back, cash it at the corner sweet shop. You'd never get away with it. Besides, you can't do that to somebody's refund. It's Christmas. There is one more option. Problem. She doesn't have a bank account. There we go. Mrs. Veronica Buttle. What's the number on the cheque? Try next of kin. He is dead. Hang on. Send it to somebody else. Send it to Buttle. It's his cheque. I've never seen a Ministry cheque before. Tuttle? A cheque. What a BITCH! Really. I've told you before. I'd turn it down. Don't worry. Expediting has put in for electrical procedures in respect of Buttle, Archibald, shoe repair operative, but Security has invoiced Admin for Tuttle, Archibald, heating engineer Information Retrieval. It's not our mistake! It's not the machine. There's a mismatch on the personnel code numbers... Ah there we go! That's a B58/732 when it should be a T47/215 ... Tuttle ... he should have 31.06, debited against his account for electrical procedures, not Buttle. Lime, I need to use your computer Gillian Layton - Suspect S/5173. Truck driver! All enquiries, reference officer 412/L - Room 5001. That's what I wanted to know. Thank you very much. You haven't switched it on. What? Look, let me use the console for a few minutes. I know her age and distinguishing marks. But I need an address or a place of work or something Alright. There's someone I want to check out. A woman called Gillian Layton. Yes. I'll bring it back in ten minutes. Ah. Would you mind if I borrowed your computer console? Sam Lowry. How long will she he away? Well, she's my mother, not yours. My mother said it would be all right. Mother? ... What ... what's ... you've got to help me ... Actually, I've decided ... I want to talk to him. Is Mr Helpmann here? Mother? Is that you? I'm sorry. I don' t want dessert. I don't want promotion. I don't want anything. Mother! This isn't rare! What is it? You're not listening, mother. I just wish you would stop interfering, mother! I don't want promotion. I'm happy where I am. Uh ... Um ... Er ... I assure you Mrs Buttle, the Ministry is always very scrupulous about following up and eradicating error. If you have any complaints which you'd like to make, I'd be more than happy to send you the appropriate forms. Yes. Not my department ... I'm only records. It seems that Mr Buttle was overcharged by Information Retrieval. I don't think they usually make mistakes ... but, er ... I suppose we're all human. It's a refund ... I'm afraid there was a mistake. Er, yes ... I think that'll hold it. Hello Shirley. Just helping someone tie up a Christmas present. How are you? Ah ... hello, Mrs Terrain. SAM lets go of the parcel and pushes JILL away. She moves off. I ... uh ... Actually, there's someone I want to meet ... Whatever happened to you? What? Now? It's my lunch hour. What? Who is this? Who's that? Hello ... hello ... Yes, but. I've got to have a heating engineer This is an emergency! Hello - Central Services - I'm at 579B Block l9, Northwestern Section D - that's exit 1 on Green Pastures Highway at the Orange Blossom Flyover - and I've got trouble with the air- conditioning Thank you, Dawson. And you can't tell me what the proper channels are, because that's classified information? Excuse me, Dawson, can you put me through to Mr Helpmann's office? But I could be anybody. My I.D. cards. Er, don't you want to search me? My name is Sam Lowry. I have to report to Mr Warren. what? ... Oh ... I don't know which numero. A steak, please. Rare. Mother, I need to ... Are we? What is it? For God's sake, what's happened? Hang on! Wait a minute! You can't just go and leave it like this! What? What is it? What the - ? How did you - ? I'm sorry, but I'm a bit of a stickler for paper work. Where would we be if we didn't follow the correct procedures? Have you got one or haven't you? I mean it fixed itself. No, not at all. I mean, it's all right. It's fixed. Yes? Thank you very much. How much will it...? What do they want you or? Listen .. um ... I don't want to get involved in any of this. But I work at the Ministry of Information, and I happen to know that Information Retrieval have been looking for an Archibald Tuttle, Heating Engineer. You wouldn't by any chance be - No. Wait here. Can you fix it? Well I suppose one has to expect a certain amount The pace? Sorry. wouldn't it be easier just to work for Central Services? Are you saying this is illegal? What? But ... I called Central Services. Tuttle! Are you from Central Services? What is this? Who the hell are you?Sign the form so we can get to it. I think you've got your T41 crystal inductor wired up to a reverse bobbin- threaded-solenoid-control. It's either that or a new washer. This is what you get when you have cowboys round yer ducts. Sign here, please. You're putting your talents to very odd use Mr Lowry - yes, odd use - to pit wits against Central Services - Central Services don't take kindly to sabotage! Oh yeh? Where'd you get this from eh out yer nostril? Tuttle! ... mumble! You've had that scab Tuttle here, haven't you? Mumble ... mumble ... mumble ... Tuttle What have you got there? I think we'd better have a look. He's tampered with it, Dowser. Machines don't fix themselves. Trouble with your air-conditioning. You telephone, sir. It's a 27B/6 of course. Thermostat's gone. And then some. Why not? All you've got to do is blow yer nose and fix it, haven't you? Who fixed your ducts? It's a 27B/6, what did you think it was? Sign here please. Emergency procedures. We'll be back. It's all right, Terry, it's all right, everything's all right. But we can get one. Not ... as such ... Now look what you've done to him. Fixed itself. Fixed? Central Services.Forever, darlin'. Forever. 'Til he turns ta dust and blows away on the wind. What is it? We're only about a quarter-mile from Cave entrance number five. We always planned to use it. We got some ground up already...but we could never find enough. Datura Metel. The Devil's Trumpet. Don't worry. I ain't goin' religioso again. It's a flower that grows on these islands. Where I come from the voodoo priests used it whenever they needed a Mickey Finn. It's toxic. Ground up you can put it in a drink or inject it...or...in a sealed area it might be introduced through the ventilation system. Datura. He's just finding another reason for bumpin' us off. Don't ya see. He needs us ta die. He needs our bodies. You disappear in here, darlin'. You get a knife in yer belly or too much shit in yer veins. You get lost out here and nobody's gonna notice. Rhodes, he counts on that. It all makes for food in the freezers. Farther than you think. You'll get lost. You will. And there's Bees all through the jungle. I ain't lyin' to ya. Religiosos don't lie. You think you can find your boat? There's a thousand little inlets and backwaters all through here. You remember all the ways you turned to get where you are now? You leave yourself a trail? That's why we didn't use prayers on this here white coat 'til after he was destroyed. We ready to fight when we have to. And we gotta fight now. I'm sure that's true, miss. And that's why we're doin' what we're doin'. What's happenin' underground here is just what Lucifer planned for this sinful race o' man. But we're gonna beat Lucifer. We're gonna put an end to what's happenin' here. That sounds like a curse to me. What is it if it ain't a curse? How we gonna break the curse without a prayer or two. I know you can. Like I said, we been watchin' you. Captain Rhodes and his Red Coat Bees. They could sting, sister. We know you came up against 'em. We been watchin' you since you landed. Couldn't help. I'm sorry for that. We ain't supposed to be outside. If we was spotted it could....well, it could be the end of everything. That's the man. He's been holed up here ever since the shit hit the fan. Him and his family owned these islands 'round here. They was leasin' this one to the Fed. The whole underneath is dug out. There was missiles here and laboratories and bomb proof housing, nuclear power, all o' that. Now this is Dickerson's....Gasparilla's... private fortress. Him and a bunch o' his cronies from all the best golf courses in Tallahassee...and his private army, of course. He was a pirate who sailed these waters long ago. His name is bein' borrowed these days by the long lost Henry Dickerson. Bees. That's what we call the dead... the walking dead...here on Gasparilla's island. What you wanna do? Come on. Let's go. I say it's poetic. Pure calypso, brother. The Devil's Trumpet blowin' the notes o' doom for the Devil's troops. Ha ha ha ha ha... Quicker than gas. And it smells a lot prettier. It usually don't kill but it puts ya under fer a good night's sleep. We know what's down there. We did the loading' and unloadin' when the stuff came ashore in the early days. A direct hit oughta do more than a few weeks worth o' damage. We're gonna blow up the powder magazine. We're hopin' you can show us where ta go, Toby. I say we got a boat. Can you get other stuff? We got a boat. What'dya tell that soldier, soldier? You tell him we was rebels? Maybe. The hospital? Ain't no place safe.Come on! That's the general alarm. Jesus! They musta got in! That entrance is closest to the labs and the Bee cages. If you could knock out the central communications room you could foul up their whole intercom system. Then, if you move fast enough, stay ahead of 'em...without bein' able to signal each other, they might have a hard time catchin' you. This stuff really works? No shit? A direct hit'll blow the top off this whole island! How're you gonna fuse the stuff? How're you gonna leave yourself time to get out? What? Oh, no. I'm tryin' to get off this island alive. I'll help you all I can but I'm not goin' in there on a suicide mission. What can you hope to accomplish? Some radios maybe? A supply room or two? You'll all be killed and in a few weeks they'll be back to business as usual. That place was built to withstand nuclear attack! What are you gonna do with a half-dozen guns and a few sticks of nitro? It won't work. That's pure nitro you're dealin' with there. That stuff can blow if you look at is funny. What're you gonna do, walk into the Cave carryin' those tubes on feather pillows? You don't have a complete layout of the place. Even if you manage to avoid a fight you won't know where to go. I got some fuel comin' out and, I hope, some automatic rifles. What? There ya go. Complete with air canisters...little motors. He's my contact for Chrissake! There's two crates. Can you get me into the hospital? Yeah. My stuff's all marked with red crosses so nobody gets too nosey. Meet me at the hospital after the supplies come in. Maybe we can find a place there to talk. I'm gonna have this stuff sent over to the hospital... Look...I know you have no reason to trust me. I've got friends in the Cave. I got some stuff comin' out this mornin'. I'm gonna try to get off the island. It's alright. I'm a friend. I need help and so do you. What's a safe place to talk? MARY! Mary. For the good of mankind. That's what every monster-maker says. Need what? Civilised order like we have down here? Christ! We're both gonna leave. Leave the island. I've been talkin' to Tricks. We think we can smuggle out one of those inflatable rafts. They're crated up real small. They've got air canisters. There's food inside. Even a little motor. Oh, bullshit, Mary. It's because Rhodes is a prick. That bastard. I didn't think he'd make his move so fast. Hey. Slow down. What is it? In the battle, sir. No, sir. Sir! Just....following procedure, sir. They're entitled to burial. My..."detail", sir. We're going to bury the heads. Tricks...Jesus... We need fuel, and a couple automatics. What'dya get? Hey, Tricks. Some detail they got you on.... and there's this guy with a black helmet and cape, right, and he's got this sword... except it's not a sword, it's light... Hell. This is just like fucking Star Wars, man! Oh, yeah. Listen, how long do they keep you in this disease hole? Really? How come he didn't take me? What just happened? What's that? You mean the snake? No. That's right, buddy. Huh? You're gonna love it. It's a Soviet MIL MI-24. Probably has 12.7mm nose cannon, heat-seeking rockets and wire guided missiles, plus... Duck soup. Hold your pantyhose. Here, gimme a hand. Gawd, you look awful. What... whattaya do? Are they going to torture us? Ain't you coming with us, sweet thing? It's orders! You remember... when they tell you to do something and then you do it. John Wayne is dead, man. I suppose you have... What? Are you crazy? We're supposed to take pictures and split. You're gonna blow the whole program. Nothing we can do, man. Bastards. Let's get some shots. Alright. Home run. Can't tell. Pretty tall. He's real scrunched up in that thing. It's a guy in a cage. Snoring. Five, six guys. Mumbling... Vietnamese. Somebody talking in his sleep. A toilet flushing. I need a vacation. Pirates? No kidding? These guys look like they'd sell their mothers. Yeah. Dinky-dau, that's me. Hey, Co. You wanna meet Jake the one- eyed snake? What's that? What's she saying? Yeah... How come we didn't just drop near the camp... save this hassle? Who cares? Let's just do it and get out. Go have a Jacuzzi and get laid in Bangkok. Know what I mean? What's this stuff on the rice? I had it cupped. You fucking crazy? I need it to burn these things off. Damn! Leeches. This place is a trip. I've seen worse places. I was in the brig. They gave me a deal. I blew up this Colonel's golf cart with an M-19. He wasn't in it or anything... it was the symbolic value. Seemed like a good idea at the time. You wanna know why I stood up for this show? And a beat-to-shit AK? Every twelve-year-old in Nam's got one of those. That's it? Some C-4, a map and a knife? Where's your stuff? AC-System 'Big-Ear' telescopic mike with built-in audio processor. Can pull a whisper out of a loud cocktail party at 50 meters. This is state-of-the-art firepower. Modified M-16 A2 and over-under M-79 grenade launcher, with Sionics sound suppressor, Tracor starlight scope and LAC/R-100 Laser sighting system. Keep it down, man. I got problems. Read you. Yeah. Why not? We're leaving tonight, not in a week. That's what I'm here for. No radio source. Nothing for the bad guys to triangulate on. Gettin' old, huh? ... then proceed downriver to extraction at point Echo Delta. Doyle takes us out by helicopter, we all live happily ever after and that's the last time, Rambo! I swear to Christ. ... to target at Ban Kia Na. We probe the site... Co Phuong Bao. The guide takes us twelve klicks upriver to target at Ban... at Ban... Bo Peep. Shit! Insertion. Call in to base camp by TRANSAT. Proceed to point Tango November for rendezvous with our ground contact. Indigenous agent. Co Phuong Bao. We've been over this three times. Ever do this from a jet? Clown? Now back up there, buddy...How much we got left in that minigun? Forget it. Brewer! You know what that thing's packing? Can you handle the door gun? You comin'? Yes. You better take off. You take pictures and split. I'm going in. You never been in one of those things. I'm getting him out. That guy's not going to make it. Torture cage. Can't stand... can't sit... for days. Sometimes weeks. Roundeye. Let me see. American? Guard barracks. Take some shots. How you doing, Brewer? Sometimes they do. They're river pirates. Opium runners. Powerful warrior. She likes you. Says you're dinky- dau. Brewer. Does a jet make noise? We'll check it out. Why would they send us to a deserted camp? Fermented fish sauce. No cigarettes. Buddhist monastery. Fifteenth century. There are no worse places. That's a real good reason to wind up in 'Nam. No. Exactly. There's a compass in the handle. Cocktail party. Uh huh, right. Let's saddle up. What's this? Batteries not included. What do you call that? You okay? Home on my strobe. You read me, Brewer? You break your leg, I'll have to shoot you. Show me in case you get zapped as soon as we land. Show me how it operates. Yeah. Second set. Let's go. One hundred. Ninety. Start over. You stopped. Again. No. This clown almost blew mission security on the street. I'm not jumping with him. John. My name is John. Minigun. Come on. Let's move. He's coming in on our open side. Look, Co... How? I couldn't get you in. How you going to get there? You can't trust the spooks to pull you out. They'll use you up and throw you away. Yeah. Got some business there. What are you gonna do? Invulnerable. I do? And how'd you sneak up like that? Christ. How'd you get here? Let's go. Thanks. Why'd they want us? Are you okay? It's nice there. He's probably digging every minute. Got a surfboard. Breaking girls' hearts. Where's Nguyen now? What city? Where's his father? Intelligence work. How did you get started working for the spooks? I thought he was with you. Why's that? How do we get upriver? You really got a Masters Degree? I'm Rambo. This is Brewer. Her name is Co. All this is for us? I was crossed-trained in gunships. We just take pictures? We don't try to pull out any of our guys if we find them? What's the plan? I'm not jumping blind. Where? Why me? What's the job? I don't work with spooks. Not after that op in Cambodia. What's your name? Can you walk? American. Come to get you out. You got it, sir. Let's do it. I say we tape him to a chair. This just occurred to somebody, now? I just wanted... I don't know... after all that... I just wanted one person, one person, to come up to me and say "you did good, John." And mean it. That's all. After all that. Five. I never wanted that stuff. Yeah. Big time. Those men are all dead. That's it. My life. There were treating me like a headcase. Am I out of here? I could take it or leave it. Colonel.You pathetic scum. That's an order. Stay on your heading, Captain. Alternate LZ Zulu Sierra at 0500. It says "May have heat. Don't be late. All our love." It's not over. You made one mistake. So there never was a Phase Two rescue team? "Terminate with extreme prejudice." Rambo and Brewer were selected as write-offs. This mission was a scam from the word go? Don't dance me, Kirkhill. You'll be walking funny. But you're right... some people do get sacrificed. Now tell me why you pulled the plug. Not my people. Take your time. I know... I know. Listen, Kirkhill. I'm a bit of a fifth wheel in your setup here... I thought I'd go out with the extraction team tonight. Unless you have an objection. Black. No sugar. You think they'll find any? How long before you're fully on line? Nice work. How long have you been setting up? Keep it clean, Rambo, or I'll nail your hide to the shed. Listen up. You two are married as of now. Get used to it. We left some people behind there, John... POWs. You just picked that wrong war to be a hero in. What did you want? Plus, what else? Two Silver Stars, four Bronze Stars, two Soldier's Medals, four Vietnamese Crosses of Gallantry and... uh, a handful of Purple Hearts. Congressional Medal of Honor. You're not. Hardcore outfit. The best I ever trained. This your stuff? Hard to believe. You shoot up one little town in Oregon with a fifty caliber machine gun... one little dogpatch town... and everybody figures your wrapper's broken. No sense of humor. What did you expect? An engraved plague from the chamber of commerce? That depends on you. Christ, look at you. I give you this easy duty until I can get you an assignment... all you have to do is eat ice cream and watch soap operas... and you have to make it Rambo's last stand. Seems like I'm always pulling you out of some goddamn toilet or other, doesn't it? I hear you're not enjoying it here. Mind if I sit down? Hello, John.By the way: what kind of name is Poon? Utah? Jesus Christ! First of all, Alan Stanwyk does not own one share of stock.The three million dollars for the ranch in Provo comes from my daughter who converted some of her personal holdings, not company holdings. Now if anybody in DC wants to make something of that, bring 'em on. Until then, get the hell out of my face. Unbelievable. Alan Stanwyk is not involved in improprieties. Where the hell does the S.E.C. come off --Tell the nurse when you've got a few free days. She'll make all the arrangements. Yeah, we check you into Mt. Hebron for a few days, run lots of tests, charge a bundle. You can pull your pants up now. I can't discuss another patient. You know that. Well, I can't find anything wrong with you. Just relax. There is? Breathe easy... Just relax.... Bend over and drop your pants, Mr. Babar. He was in intensive care for eight weeks. Oh, he was dying for years. I'll bet. Shame about Ed. Funny old bird. Well, which one? Joan or Margaret Smith. Your aunt? Still, it'd an odd name. I don't remember seeing it on the club registry. No children? Arnold Babar. Isn't there a children's book about an elephant named Babar? That's two. Two bs? Right, and how long have you had these pains, Mr. Barber? That's my club too. I haven't seen you there. Really. The California Racquet Club? So where do you know Alan from?Rio. Know how he gets it in the country? Some big shot airline executive flies it in on company jets. Very impressive operation, Fletch. Very impressive. You find the source? Gonna need it. That boy is dangerous. Fletch? Noooo. Free snort. That's it. Oh, I'll help, Fletch. I'm a slave to that sonofabitch. He busted me, third offense, gave me a choice: Work for him or do fifteen long. All I get out of this is free snort. You gonna nail the chief? Thought so. What for? The two surfer boys? What, the heat here? My pleasure. Jesus. Fletch... No, not for sure. When it comes, it comes. You gonna want some shit? Like tonight. Okay. Some idea. No idea.Comanche Indian. God I admire you. I feel like dirt. They even want to know what he's doing in Utah? Look. You know that and I know that, but somebody's bucking for a promotion. I think it's that bozo, Hanrahan, I can't be sure. Anyway, unless I go back there with something, you and your son-in-law are next week's scapegoats. First of all, let me just reiterate that this is not a formal investigation. I'm not going through formal channels here, because if Alan Stanwyk is not involved in any improprieties, then nobody has to know I was even -- Oh, thanks. What? Never heard of him. Thanks anyway. Hmm. It's just that there are some other people from my office going on this trip and... is there anyone in the seat next to me? So he's going. Uh... are there any other tickets charged to the same account? You're kidding. Not luck. They don't want me. I busted their window, they didn't do anything. They didn't do anything. What goddamn right do you have to take him? You don't have to run with me, Crease. Hey, what are you doing? You're not taking real good care of yourself. Creasy, how old are you? I think that's highly unlikely, Creasy. I wasn't asking. Wonder who his supplier is. I don't know how he doesn't know. He doesn't know. That's what he said. Maybe tonight? Go ahead. Make my evening. Thank God, the police. Not at all, Chief. But next time... no tongue, okay? Not a prayer. I hate the beach. Wouldn't go there if you paid me. Besides, I'm way overdue on my story about off-track betting in the Himalayas. You don't think it's the mafia, do you? Can I call my Mom? I'd like to tell here how much I've always loved her. Can I ask anybody now? My God, you're serious. I'm no lawyer, but I do believe that's a violation of my rights. You can't keep me here. Hey, you and Tommy Lasorda. That's great. 'Your men' might just be involved in all this. It was planted on me, sir. Frankly sir, you look a little like my father. Probably explains the curious feeling of love I have for you. I'm President of the International Fletch Corporation. Fletch F. Fletch Fletch. You decorate this yourself or did Mrs. Chief of Police help you? Thanks, Doc. Maybe I'll come back with a date. Or an elephant. I hope they still fit. Do I get to keep the glove? I'm sure it's not for a lack of looking. Maybe I should get a real complete physical. You give Alan an annual, don't you? Gee, Alan's been looking kind of sick lately. Is he all right? Whoa, look out there. You really need the whole fist? Anyway, I'm surprised Alan got the policy so easily. I know there's a history of cancer in the family. Did I say 'kidneys'? I meant my ear. Maybe I should see an ear dahhh -- Ever serve time? Honest, I feel fine. You better be married. Oh really, there's no need to -- we don't want to do that... Yes, but the very end, when he actually died, that was extremely sudden. You know, Alan and I were recently speaking of dying. Told me Boyd Aviation took out a lot of insurance on him. You must have to be in some kind of perfect health to get that kind of policy. Sure, but the end was so sudden. It was. Really a shame. To go so suddenly. Is she ever. I've got some stories.... Margaret. Right. Mrs. Smith. Oh, I don't belong formally. I've gone with my aunt. No books. No elephants either. No really good elephant books. I don't know. I don't have any. But not right next to each other. I thought that's what you meant. One. B-a-b-a-r. That's Babar. Well, I haven't played in a while because of these kidney pains. Yes. We play tennis at the club. Gum thought Brazil. What? Wait five minutes, and go to my office. You'll get federal protection after that. You don't have a piece of the action? I'm gonna nail the chief. And you can help or -- For me. I'm a reporter, Sam. I'm breaking the drug story and I got the chief red-handed. Gummy gave me a deposition. Affirmative. Affirmative. I'm serious, Sam. You don't know me. Sorry. I find a little humor really brightens things up around here, dont you? I think Id rather have drugs. For sure? Like when? No idea at all? So what do you figure? He'll be so relieved. This was last month. So Alan Stanwyk does not have cancer. That's it? My associates did a biopsy on this man recently. He's supposed to have a melanoma, or a carcinoma, some kind of noma. Hmmm. I can't seem to find any record of it. Thank you. Oh, God, I think I'm about to hyperventilate. Have you got a paper bag, or something. It's all right. It wasn't him but that spleen was a splitting image. Well, I didn't want to say anything, but I thought the dead man was my brother. Have you got a make-shift plywood pillory? Heh Heh, just kidding. I'm fine. Where am I? Right. Fine. It's me doctor Rosenpenis. I just have to take another peek at Alan Stanwyk's file. What have they done with this place? Found it in a cab. That's a grand. Apply the difference to next month. Damn... lost again. Sorry. Wait a minute! Our problems might be solved. Are you serious? I think he was sleeping with Wendy, too. My lawyer was a bum. She was sleeping with everybody. The cable TV guy. You can't get lower than that... Hey, shut up, okay? I just hate this. It stinks. I thought woman were independent now. She doesn't need the money, for crissakes. She's living with Monty. I know it. I hate to conduct business on the lanai. Why don't we step inside. What about breaking and entering? Are you wearing anything under that? Whoops. How similar in build you and I are. Then I figured it. You bump me off, throw me in the car, and burn me up. The thing that really tipped it off for me was something your wife said to me while we were in bed together. Ahem. 'Sally Ann can confirm all this when the police pick her up at the Airport Marriott.' He doesn't read my stuff well. 'Sally Ann and Alan were married four years ago and never divorced, making Stanwyk a bigamist even in Utah. Stanwyk is also traveling with three million dollars in cash, the result of Gail Stanwyk's conversion of Boyd Aviation stock. Mrs. Stanwyk believed the money was to be used to purchase property in Utah, but it wasn't; a fact that can be confirmed by realtor James Swarthout of Provo.' That was stupid, Alan. Pretty hefty. Keep reading. He is lifting Stanwyk's two attach cases. Cut the crap and read it. Read this, please. Because I trust you, Alan. By the way, the name's Fletcher. I.M. Fletcher. I write a newspaper column under the name Jane Doe. I like your outfit. You got the fifty grand and the plane ticket? Mrs. Stanwyk, may I borrow this picture. I promise to send it back to you. It's routine, really. The actuarial people need to -- And they're still married... Alan and Sally Ann. He sighs. Then he has. Has he? Trust me, sir. It's a comprehensive policy. Forgive me now for seeming personal, but we understand that there is a lady friend he sees here in Provo. Isn't that nice. Since when? Ten days ago? Okay. Now, the last time you saw your son was when? Velma. You and Velma are the parents of Alan Stanwyk, Beverly Hills, California, executive vice president of Boyd Aviation? Regulations, Mr. Stanwyk. And you and your wife, named.... California. San Berdoo. Utah's part of my route. Can I ask you a few questions? I don't doubt it, Mr. Stanwyk. Actually, my company is the sub- insurer of the subsidiary carriers of a policy held by Alan Stanwyk, who I believe is your son. Right. Sure did. Dropped the big one on them. My parents were great fans of the former President. I'm Harry S. Truman from Casewell Insurance Underwriters. No problem. What are you doing here? Gee, I must have been shit-faced at your wedding, I don't -- Right. You sure did. Away. I think it might take you a while to get your life back together. You don't need me around. Don't go back in there. I'm calling the police. Then I'm leaving. You wait here for them. Wait here for me, Gummy. That's Brazil. Rio de Janeiro, maybe? Where does the Chief get the drugs? Twenty years. Sure you did. He wrote me a nice deposition. He says he just received the drugs. You did the selling. Fat Sam is turning state's evidence. Because I'm a newspaper reporter and I'm nailing Chief Cummings as the source for drugs on the beach. You're in big trouble, Gummy. Cops are here. I can smell them. They're after me. Lie down, Gum. Don't call me Fletch. Don't look at me. Lie back down. We'll talk. I'm the Sufi. They bust you every week. I know. Hi Gummy. Hows the eye? Sure. You sure got the hard part. The gun, the money, the tickets, and the dying. You sure those doors will be open? You've certainly thought this out, haven't you? They serve dinner on the flight? Where am I going? Take it where? Sure, all drifters do. I don't think you'll have to worry about that. What's the difference? The noise'll kill you first. So it looks like a burglary attempt. You catch me. I get the gun, and shoot you. A .357. I rent them. Monthly lease, with an option to buy. I have the same problem with my help. Wouldn't they normally be locked? I'm still here. Did it ever occur to you that I might not want to kill you? Maybe I'm just on vacation. So why pick me? Why don't you try suicide? You don't look sick, Mr. Stanwyk. I'm all ears. I don't work for you yet, assface. Don't talk to me like that. Hopalong Cassidy. Killed himself here. Bow and arrow. Strange. Then I found out Hopalong Cassidy had shot himself in the game room. That just blew it for me. Charmed. Nugent. Ted Nugent. Will this proposition entail my dressing up as Tina Turner? I think you've got the wrong gal, fella. Are you on a scavenger hunt of some kind? Why not? Check every hotel in L.A. Start with the ones near the airport. Yeah. He's about to leave the country with her. Thanks, Lar. You kidding? I got an unbelievable story here, Lar. Un-believable. Jesus. It's the cops, I know it. The Chief! And they're all over Frank. Nothing to it. Yeah. That's okay, Lar. I gotta put this on the back burner for a while. I wonder if that's his doctor. '...Stanwyk, blahblahblah, with internist Doctor Joseph Dolen.' Maybe. Thanks. Spot right here. 'Stanwyk's parents, Marvin and Velma Stanwyk, also of Provo, were unable to attend the wedding.' 'Mr. Stanwyk, of Provo, Utah, is a former commercial pilot.' W-Y-K no 'c.' I'll be down in a minute. Me neither. See what we've got on a guy named Alan Stanwyk, okay? I need it right away. Did you hear something? Don't say shoot, okay. Kareem's in the wash. I need a favor. Deal. Can I steal you for a minute? No, thank you. How long have they been married? Do you happen to have a picture of Alan and his wife? Of course, his wife's name is Sally Ann Cavanaugh? You've met her? I'm sorry? Don't ever call me 'Irwin,' okay? You shouldn't be here. Come here. They're trying to kill me! You can't do that. I don't have all the pieces yet, but I'm close. I'll know tomorrow. And they're leaving the country tomorrow night. I'm telling you he's not your husband at all. I checked. There was no divorce. Gail, please. I think you better sit down. No. What's wrong, Gail? If you need me, call the paper. Hand me that extra bottle okay? Act natural. I'm talking about how much I'd like to take you to a Laker game. I'll take you to a game. Just give me twenty-four hours. Please. Someone almost killed me today. People are not being nice lately, and I don't want you getting hurt. I think you're terrific. Are you a Laker fan? No. You can't. Look, I know you don't know me from Adam, but you've got to trust me. I don't know. All I know is that he told me a lot of things and so far not one of them has been true. Here's this dog that tried to eat me. Here's my motel. Here's the car I rented... You saw a forgery. Wrong. He sold you $3,000 worth of scrub brush. Have you ever heard the name Jim Swarthout? He's a bad guy, Mrs. Stanwyk. Gail. I think he's involved in something very big and very bad. He told me he was dying of cancer. Not True. That ranch you thought you were paying for in Utah? Not true. That's what I want to know. So, your husband hired me to kill him. That's the truth. Irwin Fletcher. I write a newspaper column under the name Jane Doe. Yeah. My name's not John Ultramalensky and I wasn't at your wedding. Yeah. Gail. I hope this won't embarrass you in any way. I think Underhill's a yutz, you won't have any trouble with him. I'll be leaving now, Mrs. Stanwyk. Long story. Thanks for the great time. How come? What about his parents? Good point. Thanks, I feel much better. Listen, if you're so bored, why didn't you go to Utah with Alan? Why'd you let me in? Are you still in love with Alan? Can I ask you a question? 'But we're alone now, and I'm singing this song for you.' 'I've acted out my life on stages, with ten thousand people watching...' 'I've been so many places in my life and times. I've sung a lot of songs, I've made some bad rhymes...' No. He was. I got him out. I saved his life during the war. Lunch... Yes. Here, take mine. No, I think you should stay the same wonderful person you are today. Well, I knew this is where my mouth would be. I ordered lunch. Can I borrow your towel for a minute? I was hoping you'd say that. Hi. It's John. John... Znhcneelsky. What's he doing in Utah? You are a rich woman. I'm such a heel. How'd you guess? I can't figure out why I went to Utah for the morning. Say, the reason I asked about Alan is that I bumped into him this morning and you know what I can't figure out? I have this effect on lots of women. Why do you keep doing this? Preoccupied with what? You should play with much larger tennis balls. So how's Alan? Please. So were my parents. It's Scotch-Rumanian. John Ultrarelamensky. We used to fly together. I'm... John. Huh? No, not my wedding. Yours. I haven't seen you since the wedding, Jeez, you look great. Far out. Larry? It's Fletch. Well, it's not 'Fat Sam's', but... any port in a storm. Oh, tell Frank I need a couple of months. The fifty grand's lasting longer than I thought. Sierra del fuego. No thanks, I'll do it. Give yourself twenty dollars. Underhill. Fine. And a couple of bottles of Dom Perignon. To cabana one. I'd better only get two. How about the lobster thermidor? Right. Tell you what -- have you caviar? I would, actually. One. Oh, that's right. She told me to meet her there. That's cabana six? Hi, where's Mrs. Stanwyk? Great. I'll have a Bloody Mary and a steak sandwich. They'll be back. He had to go in for a urinalysis. Yes, I'm with the Underhills. Go ahead. Call them. Better tie your shoelaces first. I'm her cousin. Mattress police. There are no tags on the mattress. I'm going to have to take you downtown. Please give me your weapon. This morning? Christ. We had so much to talk about. Moe Green is out of the Tropicana, and my sons, Michael and Fredo, are taking over. So you're saying she moved out. I spoke to her last week. She didn't say anything. She moved out? Where is she? Don Corleone. I'm a cousin of Mrs. Cavanaugh's. I was supposed to meet Mrs. Cavanaugh. I commend him on his choice I commend him on his choice. No wonder. The door was unlocked. What? I'm sick of this place. I'm going to try out for the Lakers. They need a power forward. Not really? You were going to can me, right? Forget it. I'm out, Frank. You lost faith in me. Their statements, naming Chief Cummings as the numero uno drug pusher from here to Oxnard. I want them to have federal protection under the paper's sponsorship. This is Fat Sam, and this is Gummy. I'm quitting, Frank. As of midnight tonight. Print this Frank. Thanks for the vote of confidence, Frank. You'll have it. He threw me in a cell, took a gun and a knife and threatened to kill me right there if I didn't promise to give up the story. It's also called getting me this close to being murdered. How could you call him? Very possibly. Come on, say yes. I'll buy you a shirt. I have some ideas. Yeah. It's wedged in between Wyoming and Nevada. I'm sure you've seen pictures. More cops. I think I gotta go to Utah, Frank. All right. Maybe there are some crooked cops involved in all this. I really don't want to spoil your surprise, Frank. Why don't you read it tomorrow? Cool your tool, Frank, I need a little more time. I think I'm really on to something here. Gummy and two cops... Frank, you animal, I love it. I'll have the story by Thursday night, I swear to God. I hope. I'd say charcoal. Well, there we're in a gray area. He's not the story! There's a source behind him. I have pictures of him. Dealing... Practically. Just kidding, Frank. You'll have the story and you'll be damn proud of it. Why not? Oh shit... really? Looks great. What's the spread on the game tonight? I never read the paper. I will, Frank, I will. Something came up, okay? Oh, I hate it when he calls me that. Two... And a damn fine one, I might add. Uh, almost. Frank, you look a little peaked. Wanna vomit? My secretary. Frieda's boss. Yeah. Oh, Margie, sorry, Frieda lost the number of Alan's realtor in Provo. Can you give it to me real quick?Yeah. Maybe. Maybe, Fletch. Is that Brazil? I dunno. Somewhere in South America, I forget. Fletch, I never sold nothing. I didn't sell nothing! I didn't sell nothing! I just carried the drugs from the Chief to Sam. What's that? Why are they after you? What? Fletch? I know. I got bad luck or something. They busted me last week. Its okay. The cops did it. Hi Sam. Hi Fletch.Lets see, it was before he moved to L.A... four years April. Of course they are. Course he has. That's his wife. Boy, what the hell's the matter with you? Well, you can forget about that lady friend business, Alan's the most loyal husband a girl could have. He dotes on that bride of his. What the hell does this have to do with insurance? Since he moved to L.A. That's right. Alan comes by every three weeks or so. Oh, about ten days ago. Check. Velma. Come on in. Yes. Where you from, Harry? Well, I'm fully covered. Dropped two big ones. Real fighter. You're in the insurance line, Harry? Isn't that nice. Good man. Showed the Japs a thing or two. Harry S. Truman?Jerry, you're simply going to have to trust me. I've got a foolproof way to get rid of this guy and now you're jeopardizing everything. I said I'll take care of it. Now, a man of your position shouldn't be a part of what's about to go down. So go home and I'll call you tomorrow. I've got it all under control, Jerry. You can go now. What the hell are you doing here? I was already prepared to commit one murder. What makes you think I won't commit two? And what was that? Bravo, Mr. Fletcher. I'd have been long gone. '...with his legal wife, the former Sally Ann Cavanaugh.' Wait a second -- What? Why don't you check it out for yourself, Mr. Nugent? Of course. Good evening.Mrs. Stanwyk! Of course. I'd appreciate an opportunity to discuss this with you. Apparently, someone of your acquaintance has charged the most extraordinary lunch to my bill. Mrs. Stanwyk, I hate to disturb you. Tom Underhill here... I'm a new member.Your call is come through. Muchas gracias. You want I set up? Very good, sir. I recommend it. Yes, sir. Beluga. But it is eighty dollars the portion. Charged to the Underhills, sir? Would you be caring for something to eat or drink, sir? Cabana one. In her cabana, sir. Very good sir. Would you care for a drink while you're waiting? I can put it on the Underhill bill. They just left, sir. Excuse me sir. Are you a guest of the club?Fletch. I was upset. Not really. Fletch, you want an apology? Fletch, I got nervous. Please.... What... What? Who the hell are they? I want something I can print! But not unsubstantiated charges about dope-dealing cops, and not horse shit paranoid fantasies about homicidal police chiefs. You know, I've had it up to here with your bullshit. I need a story from you by tomorrow. Get out of here. It's called journalism, Fletch. It's called getting both sides of the story. Something you apparently don't know anything about. Go to transportation, get a ticket. Who? Donnie and Marie? What about finding the source? Utah? Just give me a hint, all right? You're onto something. That's good. What? I'm going to bite out your eyeballs, you know that? How gray? Who? So let's go! We run the pictures. What's 'practically'? Is it Fat Sam? You said you had pictures of him.... You broke it? You know the source? Now, Irwin, try to follow me. You can't run the ad and then not run the story. I don't know. Look! ...never reads the paper... No it's not okay. You have to have this in by tomorrow. Did you see the ad we ran Sunday? Irwin, professional journalism time, now. Go back to the goddamn beach and finish the goddamn story! Irwin... 'Uh, almost' is not an answer. 'Yes Frank, it's all done': that's an answer. No, I want an answer, Is the story done? Fletch.Oh, come on, Shirl, how'd you think we got such a good deal? Listen - all old houses have stories. I don't know. COuldn't get the right price, I suppose. You know what I'm talking about. What did you use, a fire cracker? A cherry bomb? You set this all up, didn't you? One of your sick jokes? Don't tell me it's not the gas! Help me with this thing! No. Upstairs. I told you I want that room unpacked. Where are you going? Who's Lisa? Don't be a smart ass. I know what's wrong with the air coditioning - just needs a shot of freon, is all. We've only been living here six weeks now. I want that room unpacked by tonight. You got your room straightened out yet? Are you nuts or something? What the hell is that going to do? Come back here! What is it then? There's got to be an explanation. Animals just don't burst into flames for no reason! Alright then, what is it? Bird rabies? That cheap seed you've been buying? Don't tell me it's not the gas! Your mother thought she smelled gas.What? Okay, schmuck. What do you want me to do? I believe you. You had some scary dreams, okay? The only thing trying to get into your body is female and waiting for you on a cabana floor. And you want to sleep with me. Go figure. You're fucked in the head. Are you nuts or something? What are you doing here? Jesus Christ, you scared the shit out of me! You're wasting your time, the guy's a basket case. He must've been working late and some fruitcake came in and sliced him up like a kielbasa. In the shower! Left bloody footprints all over the... Only the wet ones. Yeah, well, Schneider's got a stick up his ass today. No shit. Who told you to choke up that way? You hit that ball pretty good, Walsh. They've only been trying to unload that dump for five years. That place is bad news. Some chick was locked in there by her mother and she went crazy. She watched her boyfriend get butchered by some maniac in the house across the street. Her poor drunken momma took her own life right inside your front door. Shit, you can tell your old man he's a real chump. Elm Street? You telling me you moved in to that big white house with the bars on the windows? So, you live around here. Naw. Just killing time. She giving you any carfare for the ride? You two got a thing going, or what? So, what about you and that Poletti girl? Could be all night. Guy gets his rocks off like this. Hangs out in queer S & M joints downtown. Likes prettyboys like you.Did they tell you she went totally out of her mind - that they had to put her away? And that her mother killed herself in our living room? And you don't know anything about a murder across the street and a crazy girl who lived here - who saw the whole thing? What are you talking about? It's not the gas, Dad! Oh, come on Dad... Just out for a while. That's Lisa - I gotta get to school. Dad's fixin' something again. Hit the deck! It's getting there. It's happening again. Just watch me. If anything weird happens - like if I start dreaming weird or try to walk out of here, you gotta try to bring me out of it. his me over the head if you have to. Just don't let me leave. No! I don't know - everything's all mixed up. What difference does it make? I'm in trouble here. I need your help. Look, I don't care if you believe me or not... I'm scared, Grady. I know it sounds crazy. But, there's something trying to get into my body. Listen to me, Grady, this is serious. Something really weird is happening. It started out like just bad dreams but it's getting real bad. You gotta let me stay here tonight, Grady. I'm sorry... Shut up, Grady. Oh Jesus. I'm gonna be sick. You remember your dreams, Grady? Schneider's always got a stick up his ass. Schneider shouldn't have called you out on that double. My Dad. He played in the minors for a while, when he got out of college. It was okay. What the hell are you talking about? Yeah, why? Not too far. My folks bought a place over on Elm Street. You got a problem with me, Grady? She's a neighbor, I drive her to school. What about it? Get outa here. How much longer you figure he'll keep us out here? What's so funny? Hi. I can't! Fred Krueger. He's been trying to get hold of me, to use me. He needs me to get out of his world into ours...He's gonna take me again. he's just waiting to take me. When I sleep. I killed Grady. I killed Grady, Lisa. I killed Schneider. Oh my God, he's inside me... I killed him! I killed him! I'm afraid to go to sleep, I'm afraid to stay awake - I'm ruining your party. They're gonna put me away for sure. What are you gonna do? How are you gonna help? I'm losing my mind. I don't want to have you watch me fall apart. Will you leave me alone? Please. I think I better go. I'm just not into it tonight. I'm sorry. There's nothing to figure out. I'm not hungry. My Dad thinks I'm on drugs, my Mom thinks I'm crazy and I'm not sure I don't agree with her. yeah, I had a bad night. I'm fine. Nothing's wrong. It's gone now. I don't know - a sharp pain. Whoa! Nancy went bonkers from this thing. You wouldn't be afraid of being out on the beach with a potential lunatic? Now, there's an idea we can take off on. Maybe we should drive out to the beach tonight and lay out a couple of blankets and... Until I fall asleep. Yeah? About not finding any bogey men? Disappointed? Uh-uh. Wait... I feel like a jerk. Well, what am I supposed to do? Any ghosts in here? What do you mean? What's this? What is this place? I don't know. Where are we going? I don't know - into the air I suppose. Yeah, I know...synapses neurong... Like a haunted house, right? I don't believe in ghosts. What's all this. Sorry. Schneider id it to me again. No. Never. You think that's what it is? Fred Krueger. The guy in her dream who's coming to kill her. Seems he was a real guy, ten years before who went around kidnapping kids and killing them. That's when she started talking about Fred Krueger. Only it was more like, you know, sleep- walking. All I know is I woke up on the cellar floor next to it. Are you sure? Something Grady told me today about the people that lived here last. Girl went crazy - saw her boyfriend killed in the house across the street... "Rod's been killed - he got Rod. Just Glen and me now. Can't fall asleep!" That's typical. I hope she didn't expect to make the best seller list with this thing. Traumas of a ten-year old. You know her? Yeah? No, that's okay. I was just...unpacking. Yeah. Who, Grady? Grady's alright, he's just a hothead. Yeah, yeah, sure. Hi! You didn't have to wait. Look at this car. Are you kidding? Ah, nothing. your timing was perfect - I was getting the third degree in there. Fine. Morning. I'm okay. Just leave me alone. I'm not taking drugs, Dad. Can I go to bed now? No. I'm okay. Okay, I guess. Yeah, I'm fine. Just really hot upstairs. Oh...uh, no, just some milk, Mom. Huh? 'Morning.All except my legs... I don't think I can walk. Jane- Please, Uncle Al. Will you marry me, Jane? Jane... you don't have to do that. Jane, I have to talk to you. Where's Mom? Yes. Go away. Stop it! Mom was really mad at him this time, wasn't she? It was Brady's idea, Jane. Honest to God. Please take the money. I want to make up. A new pair of panty hose. Is it enough? Did he really get his head cut off, Dad? That's what Brady said. Come on, Jane- it was Brady's idea. I couldn't stop him. Yeah... but if you hear any more noises, tell your father. Okay? Rats... What kind of noises? What? Hey, take it easy. I know how you feel. Well... it is his third. Glasspack. He said he'd come over sometime this summer and we'd soup up the engine... but now I dunno. He's getting a divorce and he's in the doghouse with my mother. Not bad, huh? My Uncle Al took off the regular muffler and put on a Cherry Bomb. That's what my sister says, too. Pretty soon I'm going to start checking the mirror to see if I'm turning green. What if I say no? But Uncle Al! You said- Yeah? Really? Will you do it? I think he's going to come for me. Not just because I know who he is, but because I hurt him. Only I don't think he'll try again as Lowe. No one knows how cancer begins, either- or exactly what it is- but people still believe in it. I saw what I saw. I want you to turn this into a silver bullet. Mr. Haller said he'd check him out, and guess what? No one sees him again! What about Father Lowe chasing me in his car and trying to run me down? You don't think that was a dream, do you? There! You see! I told you! I told you! I didn't shoot him when he was a man. I shot him when he was- I'll bet you a quarter that eyewash stuff was nonprescription. And I'll bet you another quarter he hasn't said anything to Mr. Haller. No- we just got you out here so we could admire your pretty face. What about the baseball bat Jane saw in his shed? You know who used to have a baseball bat like that? Mr. Knopfler! He was so proud of it he used to carry it in the Fourth of July parade! Jane said it looked like the Green Giant used it for a toothpick! Well... was it a prescription? It wasn't- I'll bet you it wasn't. Because to get a prescription he'd have to see a doctor. Was it a prescription? It came for me! I shot it in the eye! Now he's wearing an eye-patch! Thanks a million, Uncle Al! What is it? Yeah... sure. Yeah, I know. It's great! Yeah! What is it? Sure. I don't get you. It really goes fast. Thanks, Uncle Al. Do I need one? What? She and dad are out back lighting the barbecue. Jane's walking around like she's King Shit of Turd Mountain. Like always. Don't call me dear boy. Well... I like it that you always know how to say things, Uncle Al. Yeah, okay, the fireworks. Jane thinks that's all I'm mad about, but it's not. Them doing that is just a... a... It isn't enough that the monster killed all those people- that he killed Brady. Now he's got them to cancel the fair. What's going on at Owen's, Uncle Al? What if it's some kind of monster? Uncle Al, what if it's not a guy? No. Yeah. Mom-! Okay, okay. Dwight Evans.Damn near. Now I'll sit up with this stupid gun in my lap because I promised, but you two are going to bed. Go on, now, scoot. When me and sissy were kids, we were just like you two. Can I tell you kids something? Would you kids mind telling me how this guy Lowe became a werewolf to begin with? Jesus. Lowe's car-? I don't accept the idea that he knows who his letter writer is, Jane. Because I don't accept the idea that there was a big bad wolf who saw Marty in his wheelchair. Holy-jumped-up-baldheaded-Jesus-CHRIST! Then I'd have to kick your ass, dear boy. Go on, now. I know what I said, Marty- but it's ten past one. He's not coming. I suppose so. You kids ought to go up to bed. Yeah. Really. The bitch of it is, we still are. Learn from your elders, dearies. Dear boy, you have gone right out of your mind. The kid is eleven years old and already he sounds like a Jesuit. A French Jesuit. Marty, the moon wasn't even full! You're not going to let it go, are you? And what do you suggest I do about it, dear boy? No. It could have been anything, Marty. No... but I found some blood, smeared on a tree trunk in that grove. After Marty called me with his latest Thrilling Tale of Wonder, I did. He's had no poison-pen complaints lodged at all. Shut up, dear boy- no gloating allowed. Well... it's a lot easier to swallow without the hair and the foaming jaws. Also, I checked on the otic solution. It was counter brand. No prescription needed. When he was a werewolf. Yes. Right. Jesus. Jane, you don't really believe this madness, do you? Do you really think that a man who took a rocket in the eye three nights ago could be out mowing his lawn? He'd either be in the hospital... or dead. Marty, do you see your suspect? Watch it, dear boy. I think it was a hallucination. Probably a broomstick, or something. You want to know what I think? I don't know. But I know you didn't see any werewolf the other night, Marty. You had a dream, that's all. An extremely realistic nightmare brought on by what's been happening in this town. Marty, Marty, you should hear yourself! What the hell does that matter? I called Peltzer on my way over here, Marty! Father Lowe came into the drugstore two days ago for a bottle of otic solution. That's a fancy way of saying eyewash. He's got a corneal inflammation. You're welcome a million, Marty. Stick 'em in the bushes for now. A tracer. You'll like it. Save this one for last. One of the reasons I love you, Marty, is that you're almost as crazy as I am. Please don't set off anything that goes bang tonight, okay? Just bright colors. Can you tell the difference? Stay near the house, for Christ's sake- someone's killing people. I have to be out of my mind to be doing this, you know. Now I said I had something for you, as I believe you will recall. Good. I know you don't. But I want this to be our secret. You get that, don't you? It goes fast, all right- and if your mother finds out just how fast, Marty, I will have a new job. Singing soprano with the Vienna Boys' Choir. You gave me a heart attack, Marty. I'm dying. I hope you're happy, because you are looking at a dying man. We're gonna find out. Take it down the road a ways and back. Be careful. You got a pilot's license, Marty? Wait, dear boy. Just wait. Hand me those pliars. Yeah, Winesburg, Ohio, was never like that... but I got something that just might cheer you up. Uh-huh. Only in her case I guess it would be Queen Shit of Turd Mountain. Hand me that adjustable. Your mom's not around, is she? But you are, you know- you are my dear boy. I'll give you the telephone numbers of my ex-wives, dear boy- they'll be interested to hear that. It's just an outward symbol of everything that's inwardly wrong in this town. Not bad, huh? I read Sherwood Anderson in college. I can jive that shit all day. And the fireworks. Hand me that box, Marty. A bunch of men getting ready to pretend they're Clint Eastwood... Marty, didn't anybody ever tell you that the only monsters are in comic books and drive-in movies? Huh? Well, I'm not sure that was. Christ! They better get the guy. There's a saying- so-and-so was better than a poke in the eye with a sharp stick. You ever hear that one? You all right, Marty? Let the boy finish the game, Nan. Piss on him. Piss on all the Red Sox. Ralph Houk! You can't bet a manager! Stone the crows! If you keep doing that, you're going to bump your head, sissy. Give my love to Mama- tell her I'll see her Thursday. We won't! -and Babcock, I remember. Now go on! See me around to my car, Marty, and make sure I stay out of trouble at least that long. I come here because Marty needs a friend.Guess I'm not used to so much. Not one this big. I've seen pictures. Milking? Sure, I'm sorry. Hope you don't mind me plugging in to your battery. Mine's dead... How can I help? What can I do? Just do it! You don't know anything... borrowed your car. Didn't say why. And you never heard of that woman and her boy. Put my car in the garage and close the door. They're Amish. Oh sure, Fred. You've got a man here and the kids are upstairs? Where's Timmy and Buck? Sorry. It's important. Pick up the hat. Yes, sir. Pretty much. It's been a while. Try the house. I thought I was the English. Sure have, Sam. Got to, Sam. You and I are going to a courthouse together, put some people behind bars. I won't. Now run. Fast as you can! I'll be all right. You just do as I say. Listen to me, Sam! I want you to go across the new corn to Stoltzfus'. Run as fast as you can. And stay there! It's them, Sam. Now, Sam, listen to me and listen to me carefully. Listen to me as you never listened before. What's that, Sam? Hey, Sam... You don't say. Tell you what  I'm going to let you handle this one. But only if you promise not to say anything to your momma. I've got a feeling she wouldn't understand. You ever handle a pistol like this, Samuel? Black... I understand. What else,Sam? Who'd you see, Sam? The man on the floor? Who'd you see? It's all over, Paul. You're going to have to do it right here, Schaeffer. I've already got something worked out. Be seeing you. You might want to pass it along to Mac. I'm fine. I'm going to live a long time. That's what I called to tell you. You made a mistake, Paul. You shouldn't have taken Elton out. Just us. A hot shower... I haven't changed clothes in two days. More people... Gotta pick up where Zenovich left off. People from outside the department. Just us. If I did, I'd have kept my mouth shut... It fits, Paul... Fifty-five gallons of P2P confiscated four years ago... Guess who was in on the collar? Mac. He salts it away somewhere... he knows the stuff is potent, but the street chemists haven't figured out how to process it. But they do now. And now the stuff is worth five-grand a pint and there are a lot of pints in a fifty-five gallon drum. Last guy I would have figured. But he's part of it. What's-her-name moved to Buffalo. The Amish boy saw him, Paul. I'll make it, but Set Donahue and the Homicide Department off my back or they'll blow the whole thing. If there isn't I've just wasted the last six months. Maybe. Maybe. Zenovitch was about to deliver a list of names tonight  street chemists... the guys processing this P2P into speed. Yeah. Oh, he's good. Where's my baggy pants? Well in the City of Philadelphia, God needs a little help! That's your way, not mine. Land! Are you crazy? I'm no Amishman and I'm no farmer! I'm a cop. That's what I know and that's what I do! Oh, come on, Rachel. No way. Aren't you? After today? No. I was being unrealistic. Even thinking about living this life. I know. There was. I'm leaving tonight. I'm going to need my clothes. And my gun. Won him over just like that. Not long... A few days. I'll drink some more of Stoltzfus' tea. Sure. Now hold on. There's a lot of people who think being a cop is a legitimate job. I can whack people. I'm hell at whacking. I did some carpentry summers when I was going to school. A real fireball. Oh? What happened to Hochstetler? The... bullets? I know what he said. I'm going this morning. No. I'd want a public phone. Where's the nearest telephone? Quaint? Can't imagine why. Anything against zippers? Hochmut? Something wrong with buttons? Your husband's? Very interesting. I'm learning a lot about manure. What's that? Nobody meant any harm. The boy was curious. I unloaded the gun - Tell him his tea stinks. Listen, thank you. Thanks for everything. But I've got to go. How long have I been here? How long? Does anybody know I'm here? Can I have something to drink? Who are they? Gunshot... they'll file reports... they'll find me. No, no doctor... I can't. I was wrong. Home. You'll be safe. You don't have to worry. Because  somehow  they knew I was getting close. Look, it's narcotics... They make dope out of chemicals... they sell it on the street for millions of dollars. They'll do anything. And they can get away with it because they're cops. Listen, I'm the cop that polices the police. I'm not in the business of protecting crooked cops. I'll make an arrest when I know everybody involved. Oh? Anything else? No. What's a 'good' tired. Tired is tired. They kid a lot. Look, I'm genuinely sorry... People who don't go into our courts when they're told to sometimes go directly into our jail. Believe me, I'm trying to get this over with as fast as I can. But Samuel will probably have to come back and testify. Whacking? Now what's the problem? What was that? Doesn't surprise me. I meet a lot of people like that. Yes I do. Your son is a material witness to a homicide. We're looking for a suspect. We've reason to believe he's still in the area. There'll be another train. The man who was killed tonight was a policeman, Sam. It's my job to find out who did it. I want you to tell me everything you saw when you went in there. I'm a police officer. I'm going to have to talk to the boy. What's his name? Make that 1790. Where I'm at is maybe 1890. I hear you. I'll stay in touch. I'm coming. Never mind. I'm coming in to take care of business. How hot am I? It's me. Good. Take care of that woman's name for me. And watch your ass. Yeah... I can put it all together when I get back, 'Til then, you know nothing, understand? Business as usual... Listen to me  Schaeffer's part of it. Maybe at the top of it. Nothing. I'm not going to be around for a while. I'll call you when I can. Listen carefully, I wrote the Amish woman's name and address on my desk calendar, I want you to lose it for me, Now. Tonight. Let's just find Coalmine. Listen, Zenovich made a mistake. You didn't let anybody down. It happens  Okay, Sam. Can you tell me what he looked like? Anybody know about this?Not used to hard work. That's what makes an appetite. Eat up, Book. What's the matter with your appetite? Didn't you hear me, Book? Pull! You never had your hands on a teat before? Good, you start tomorrow. Cows. You know, cows? Maybe milking. No, Rachel... No! They will be the judge of that! And so will I... if you shame me! You are acting like one! Do not make light of it, Rachel. They can do it... quick! Like that! And then... then I can not sit at table with you. I can not take a thing from your hand. I... I can not go with you to meeting! Rachel, good Rachel, you must not go too far! Dear child! No sin? Maybe. Not yet. But, Rachel, it does not look... Don't you know there has been talk? Talk about you, not him. Talk about going to the Bishop. About having you... shunned! Eh? Nothing? Rachel, you bring this man to our house. With his gun of the hand. You bring fear to this house. Fear of English with guns coming after. You bring blood and whispers of more blood. Now English music... and you are dancing to English music! And you call this nothing? How can this be? How can you do such a thing? Is this plain? Is this the ordnung? Eh? Well then, maybe he can go to Zook's barn-raising, eh? See how good a carpenter. Rachel, this is a man's life, we hold it in our hands. Didn't you hear Stoltzfus? What if he dies? Then the sheriff will come. They'll say we broke their laws  That has no place in this house. Looks dead... Is the English dead? Who was that man?You're Rachel Lapp, aren't you? We'll, them Ohio Amish sure must be different. Our Lancaster brethren, they just don't have that kind of fight in them. Never seen anything like that in all my years.Have you got your gun on now? Are you really ever coming back? Don't let them hurt you. What are you going to do? Are they going to kill you? Is it them? ...I want to say a thing. That's Luke. He doesn't like strangers. Okay, Mr. Book. No pistol. Ever. He was... like him. No... I saw the man who killed him. I saw him. I wish dawdie was with us. I don't want to stay here. Momma... are they angry with us. Is this where we're going?Move! Or you die right here! Don't try me, Johnny! Listen to me, Johnny. Come in! You're out there all alone... We're getting close... real close... Maybe if you listen to me for a minute we can work something out so you can come in  Johnny  How bad did Mac get you? We figured pretty bad. Who else knows? What's your first move? Maybe the Bureau. Or those bastards at Treasury. I'll take care of it. I hate this shit, Johnny. You cut their balls off for me. I'm counting on you. Okay, what are you going to need to clean it up Who else knows? I hope you don't have any doubts about that. Well, anyway, don't get crazy. I'll do something for Zenovich's wife. Tell you what... why don't you and that blonde  what's-her-name  come over for dinner Sunday. How 'bout that. When word gets out that Zenovitch was a cop, all hell will break lose. You've got 24 hours. That's all I can give you. 24 hours on your own. After that the case and the witness go back to the Homicide Department. That's the problem. We need results. The press is driving us crazy over this P2P thing. Calling us the 'speed capitol of the country'. You know the sort of thing. It's getting political. The Commissioner's getting very uneasy. You're still convinced there's a link to the department? You know who? So one of them got to him. What have you got? Amish. How reliable is this kid? Either you're a member of the club or you aren't, Elton. Tell me what you know... You're the first one he'll contact. You admit you're lying? You'd lie to protect him. You know where he is. But... if you had to guess? Elaine, I don't want to have to take you in for questioning. You've got his car, you were the last to see him  Of course, Elaine. But as long as there's any question, better Johnny should come back and clear his name. Elaine, I've come to apologize for Lt. McElroy. He overstated the department's position. Not yet. All right, where is he? They don't have any shit. Lean on him. What about Carter? I don't think she knows. Nobody's going to hurt your son... Get back in there. Find Fergie, check the barns. I'll watch these two. He'll live. Lady, I'm here to help you. This man is very dangerous. An armed criminal. He's got a gun, hasn't he?