You look great! What the hell was that? Something's wrong here. It feels like... You know, I get the weirdest feeling we've been through this before. As long as your driving doesn't kill us. Cut that shit out. Maybe before, but not now. I want to help you. I'm on your side. Hey, you're not alone. We have to stop him, I'm with you. Who? Then what else can we do? Why can't we just talk to the authorities? Is there something we can do? Alright, let's assume this whole thing is true. Why does Freddy all of a sudden need you? How long have you been awake? No offense, or anything, but it's kind of hard to swallow. Extra money, huh? Kristen's story really got to her. "In her dream"? I thought it was an accident. Smoking in bed. Tell him I was looking for him, okay? I'm Dan. You're his sister, right? About Freddy? How she doing? I ran into her last night. Hey man, we're all sorry... Nice neighborhood. So? So what's up? What'd I miss? I don't get it. Hey, Rick! T-T-Thanks Alice...Show me. The young woman at the front said you might know where he is. We are with the Police Department. This is Sergeant Sykes, and I am-- You are Cassandra? You look very good. You understand that. But how many others will? Because... because of what will happen if humans see what we are capable of becoming. We can't let him get away. No he's not. Not if he overdosed on the drug. Massive amounts trigger a... a change. Your body functions seize up, you appear to be dead, but it's really a state of incubation. When you emerge you're... ... It's Harcourt. No! We must do this alone. There! Go back. Down that side street. With Harcourt and Kipling dead, I assume you will be requesting reassignment now. Ss-ai! Fuck procedure. The fifty kilos, Matthew. I have to find it. I can't let it get out on the street. Stay out of this, Matthew. Tell me where the drug has been taken or I will crush your lungs against this wall. Where is the drug? Where have they taken it? If the drug is here, we must destroy it. They had months in quarantine to develop the plan. Porter, with his chemistry background, must have somehow come up with the formula for the drug. Hubley manufactured it -- at the refinery. Strader, through the nightclub, established a distribution network. And Harcourt-- I must trust you, Matthew. I cannot stop this without you. Your people don't know about this part of out past. And they can't know -- It would threaten our entire existence here. No... I am sure not. That is why I am so concerned... someone must now be producing it here. But none of my people know how to make it. The process was carefully guarded. We all did. Like your cocaine, I suppose. The "high" lasts several hours. We would receive small amounts of it... as a reward for our labor. ... It is called ss'jabroka'. To us it is a potent narcotic. No. I cannot involve you. This is not your concern. You must leave me alone on this. Warren Hubley was in middle management at a refinery... Joshua Strader operated a successful bar and nightclub... What was that about? Thank you. Stop the car! Please, I must get out here. Stop the car. To the... to the beach? She's very progressive. I'm certain she's considering it. She's going to divorce me. A man, a human, was wiring it to your car. I didn't get a good look at him. I must call my wife... I'm going home. I hope you can understand how special your world is... how unique a people you humans are. So it us all the more painful and confusing to us that so few of you seem capable of living up the the ideals you set for yourselves. You humans are very curious to us. You invite us to live among you, in an atmosphere of equality we've never known before. You lay before us a beautiful green world, full of freedoms and opportunities... You give us ownership of our lives for the first time... and you ask no more of us than you do of yourselves: to live by the rules... rules that aren't made to keep one people subordinate to another, but rules that exist to preserve equality. You aspire to very high ideals here. There is so much our two peoples don't understand about each other. Ta ss'trakyona'... In the other man's rectum. Human children can be very beautiful. Getting married? Congratulations. You will be taking Sunday off, then... Your home is quite disordered. I thought perhaps you had been burglarized when I walked in. We mate for life. Divorce... is a strange concept to us. You are married? My wife? She worries about me. I believe he is probably lying. When will Strader return? Todd Watson. The assistant manager. Ss'trokya ss'lato 'na'. Ss'loka'. It means literally "small but intelligent creature". It loses much in the translation. Our bodies do not assimilate the nutrients if the food has been cooked. This is mole. It's good. Three months. We learn quickly. We adapt. It is our strength... what we were bred for, to adapt to hostile environments. If I may make a suggestion... We have different weak spots than you do. Next time, a blow to the nerve plexus under the arm, here, will produce the effect I think you were looking for. In the camps, we were lodged four to a room. The selection process was entirely random. We did not get to stay with our friends... or families... From quarantine, when my people first arrived here. He and I were housed together. Matthew, you don't have to-- . Your mother mates out of season. Screw you. But I-- . Uh, Matthew... At the end of the bar. Agree to work with me? You don't like me... you don't like any of us. You have nothing but contempt for us. And yet you become an outcast from your club of detectives by making me your partner... Why did you do it? We'd like to ask you about a business associate of your, Warren Hubley. He has not been home since that day. But she told me where to find him. She didn't know him. But she said her son might. A week ago two men came to see her husband. After they left, he was very frightened. She identified one of the men from a photo I showed her. It was Hubley. Mrs. Porter is not taking her husband's death well. I believe I should interview the widow alone. A large number of my people were hired by refineries because the methane fumes are not harmful to us. My spouse's brother is one. Newcomers working near methane gasses at oil refineries must paint it on their boots to protect against sparks. And still it fits? And that fits? What is this? Shouldn't we examine their personal effects? Nothing. Yes... no, it is not unreasonable. Although I-- Well... yes, quite possibly. What is wrong? Yes. The murder at the mini-mart is not our case. The Captain said-- There was no wallet... but he was still wearing a watch and two rings. Through the chest. Rupturing both the primary and secondary hearts. His body was discovered three days ago, in an alley off of Central Avenue, near downtown. That is exactly so. It is like your name... Sykes. I'm sure it doesn't bother you at all that it sounds like "ss'ai k'ss", two words in my language which mean "excrement" and "cranium". My true name is Ss'tangya T'ssorentsa'. I am George. Sergeant... I'd like to thank you for what you're doing.You okay? I like my horizons narrow. There's lots of things I haven't done, but his ain't high on the list. Don't take it personally. Not unless I got real drunk and nobody told me about it later. The girl out front mentioned Strader's assistant, somebody named Watson. Maybe he knows. Does that cost extra or you throw them in? Lay off, asshole. I'd like to see you next to a sea of hydrochloric acid, Fedorchuk... see how much surfin' you'd do. You don't have squat. So what've you got on Tuggle's killers? Move a finger, Harcourt, and you're history... You were partners with him on some Slag -- uh, Newcomer real estate thing. I'm Sergeant Sykes, and this is Detective Jetson, Los Angeles Police Department. William Harcourt? How do I look? But there's no more drug. Why the hell are you so dead set against back-up? I never thought I'd say this, but -- for once in my life I think I'm willing to wait for back-up. Tell me about it... Harcourt is dead. What is this?! Do what?! George-- ?! What's this about, George? I know that look. It'd be for your own good. I think you'd be better off with a partner who's a little more... by the book. ... Still, I gotta tell you, George, for a quiet guy, you're sure hell on wheels once you get going. I'd kinda hate to miss your next two days as a detective. Shit! Why? What's the big goddamn deal? George, c'mon -- lighten up. It's a beauty of a case. Don't sweat it -- we got him by the short hairs. He ain't gonna make any more of the shit. George, uh... you're gonna break his little chest bones... Uh, George... No, George -- you're missing the point. The drug is evidence. We need to have the evidence, ya know? Okay, George -- we gotta play this real smart. Harcourt was the brain who brought it all together. George... look me in the eye... George, you don't ever lie to me again. Jesus, this is major. Why didn't you tell me sooner? Why'd you hold out on me? Where did he get it? Was there any of it on the ship? We? You've taken it? How potent? The hell it isn't, when somebody wires up enough C-4 explosive to my car to turn me into pink mist! That Slag was on something, and not sour milk, either? Am I right? TELL ME! What is it? No secrets, goddammit! You don't hold back from me. Whatever is going on, you're gonna tell me now! What's this nothing shit? It wasn't nothing yesterday when you asked Bentner to run that test and he looked like he was about to shit peach pits, and it's not nothing now. Don't lie to me, George, you're bad at it. ... and Porter ran a piece of shit mom-and-pop mini-mart. So what the hell's the connection? ... So we've got three guys dead. All Newcomers, all killed the same way -- execution style. Nothing. It's all right, George. It's cool. Just wait here, all right? I'll be back in a coupla minutes. Come on, you won't have to get near the water. Why? Come on, let's go, dude. Surf's up! Well, let's roll, George. George, she's not gonna divorce you. You mate for life, remember? Where'd you get this?!! Yeah, go home. Get some sleep. You do sleep, don't you? Don't count on me, George. I never had any ideals. No shit, Holmes. You're only from another goddamn planet, for chrissakes. Your health... Sticking out of his ass... yeah! See, that's what makes it a joke. There's like a surprise, and your mind fills in the funny picture. Here's this guy with a pen stuck in his ass and he thinks it's a thermometer. Nada, huh? ... and so, and so the doctor says, "If this is the thermometer, then where'd I leave the pen?" You're not... you don't think that's funny? George, work with me, I always get a laugh with that one. Look, if the doctor's got the thermometer in his hand, then where's his pen gotta be? Maybe not... I don't know. I'm not sure I'm gonna go. She doesn't need her burn-out of a father there... I appreciate your honesty, George. It's like having an eleventh finger removed. It hurts like hell, but you never really needed the damn thing in the first place. Was. Divorced. Yeah... I know the routine. So, she keeps you on a pretty short leash, does she? Through his ass. Next time you see him, tell him to call me... unless you want us to keep coming back on you like a bad case of herpes. We were chasing you because you ran, you dumb son-of-a-bitch. Who is he? Yeah, that's it. Say it slow. And what was that one about my mother? That was a good one. So what was that other word for Human... Slow ka? I'll bet. Would it really put you out if they tossed that on the grill for a minute or two? Which one is that? Raw what? I don't think I could ever learn to read that shit. How long did it take you to learn English? Yeah, sure. I knew that... How could a straight-arrow like you ever pick a roommate like him? You know that guy? Stay back! I'm okay. That's very colorful. But see -- now I've got a problem. I don't seem to be getting much cooperation from you, Porter. So I guess we're gonna have to take this little session down to my office, ya know? Tell me. Screw me? That can't be right. I'll handle it. Back off, George. Your name wouldn't happen to be Porter, would it? Who said that? My partner is dead! Because one of you bastards killed him -- then disappeared into a rathole down in Slagtown, where he's home and dry, 'cause nobody sees nothing, nobody says nothing... Why'd I do what? Rudyard Kipling? No shit? Listen, we just need a minute of your time... Did you talk to him? Aw-right. What about the other guy? Did you learn anything? Why the hell--?! Great, fine. You talk to the wife. So the Slag they're cutting into upstairs worked at a refinery just like Hubley worked at a refinery. I'd say that "possible" connection between the two cases just got a hell of a lot more possible. Okay, next step -- I gotta go talk to the wife of the Slag store owner blown away last night. How the hell do you know that? Well... Yeah, it's rubber. It stretches. Get the picture? A rubber. A condom. You know... Coney Island whitefish? Men, human men, put them on their, uh -- penises -- to protect against having babies. You need this for anything? Nothing? What's this? What's going on? Great. Well, I'm sure glad that's settled, aren't you? Possibly. Good. Well, would you be willing to accept the theory, George, that... possibly... by examining the evidence from one case we might shed some small ray of light on the other? Does that sound unreasonable to you? Nothing's wrong. I just want to get something straight. You agree that there's a good chance these two shootings are somehow related, right? Well, there's a thing about partners, about being somebody's partner. You do for each other. And other people's rules don't mean shit. It's the rules set up between the two of you, that's all that counts. Understand? Okay. Well, my friend and partner was shot last night and I'm after the shitbag that did it. As my partner, I'm asking you to respect me and help me find him. Look, you want to fit in here, right? You want to learn how to get along? The guys at the mini-mart last night made a half-assed stab at the money in the till -- but I don't think that's what they were there for. I think we got us a couple'a executions on our hands, George... Terrific. A real pillar of the community. Was Hubley missing anything when they found him? Was he ripped off? Nice signal, dickwad! With two BRI Sabot slugs in the chest. Let's talk Hubley. Anyway, what's it matter to you if we think it's funny, right? Whatta you care? Gesundheit. You don't mind if I stick to George, do you? Man, somebody really hung one on you! I've heard some good ones for you guys... Humphrey Bogart, Harley Davidson. I guess the people at immigration got a little punchy after a while, coming up with names for a quarter of a million of you. You weren't at the back of the line, were you, George? What's that? Look, Jetson. Get this straight in your head. We're not pals, we're not married, and we ain't gonna take long moonlight walks together... We're just partners. And don't call me Sergeant. Call me Sykes... or Matt if you have to. ... and we work my hours. I'll do the driving, you do the paperwork. You gotta learn it so you might as well do it all. No... two. Only holds five. What is it? Don't piss him off, O'Neal. When he gets like this, I can't control him. I've seen this before. He got like this once -- I saw him jerk a guy's spine out and show it to him. Nothing I could do. I hadda go throw up. That where Anderson worked? I think you're gonna find he's taken the rest of his life off. Who else can I ask around here? We think he could'a been involved, yeah. You know him? Well, one of the men didn't like him so much... Can you dig up their Quarantine records in this thing? Yeah -- we met him. Wonderful boy... close personal friend of George's here. Try Joshua Strader, will ya, darlin'? Yeah, I heard of it. One of the two men was Hubley, right? What about the other one? Did you know him? What's that? Jesus, are the questions too tough for you already? Let's try again-- Is your name Porter? Did he find anything? What kind of test? You guys finished the postmortem on Strader yet? Yeah, I'll bet. Lucky nothing. I had to empty my damn gun into him. Yeah. Fedorchuk couldn't find his ass with his hands in his back pockets. The human? Come on. You got nothin' better to do, cushy county job like yours. Granger and Pitts have one hell of a caseload... and I would have thought with Jetson here being the first Newcomer plainclothes, and Hubley's body being found over in the Newcomer community... Departmental policy. Captain. I'd like to volunteer for duty with the new detective. I'll cover you! Get outta there!! Get outta there! I got him. Don't get pinned. Yeah, that's comforting. Mine, too. You got your vest? Does that look at all suspicious to you? Shit, if Kristin had to get married where I could afford it, we'd be holding the reception at Buddy's Burgers. Goddammit, Tug -- I want to see Kristin get married, okay? But-- What? How can I go? Hope their plumbing's the same.I KNOW I don't have to. It's just my time of the month to be a complete fucking idiot. O.K.? O.K. Let's go. WHY? Are you crazy? Yeah. The things you were talking about. The boxes! I TOLD you. The Boxes. In the House. I told you. The box? Like in your story? Like in his house? Hey, so for it. Don't let pity stop you. I'm down. Nail me. God, I wish I could say no. This is going to do terrible things to my attitude, you know. Well, the sofa isn't often used for sleeping on... So you slept O.K.? If anyone can help, HE can. Kirsty, I'm sorry... don't understand. I... What? Yeah. Doctor Malahide's got her doing these jig-saws and things, though. Says it's helping to bring her out. Almost complete withdrawal. She hasn't said a word for nearly two years. Sad, huh? She's been here six months. Her name's TIFFANY. So... You're Kirsty, huh?I will never sell this house. I'll be buried in my yard next to Barbara. Holding hands! And a good paintbrush! So do I, Jane. I'm on vacation. We're rich in what really matters. No, Jane. All right. Give or take a year. What time is it? What...? What makes you think she likes me? Let's see if she can get my model back. Little black party dresses? ... we wouldn't have had our little accident. I didn't -- But he didn't. We've got him where we want him. Maybe they'll leave now. That snake was a pretty nasty customer. N... No, I just did the Ink Spots. And your sushi was remarkable. But we let him out. Honey, I think that was a mistake. Go? What d'ya mean? We need help. ... acts like she's thirty-five. I guess we open it. Has anything been simple so far? From the look of the shovel, we dig. Three times. Powerful number. Go ahead... third time's a charm. I didn't do that one... Hmmm. Of course I did. This is different. Eventually she'll take someone to the attic. And then what? We've got to try to contact this guy Betelmyer. We gotta get some help, hon. She's got photos , Barbara. Where are your skulls and bones? It's not stupid. We're ghosts. Do you want this woman for breakfast for 125 years? Moan louder! Think of them as death shrouds. And the moaning is important. Really moan ! Practice, practice, practice. Look, she's right. We'll just start simple, honey, be tougher. I feel... confident. C'mon. We'd like some help in getting rid of the people who moved in here. Barbara and I worked very hard on this house. How long do you suppose we were waiting? My God, we're back where we started. ... Not what I expected when we walked through that door. Wait. We need some help. I found something this morning. Here. Emergencies. 'In case of emergency, draw door.' Are you crazy? She can't hear you. What about this Beetle guy? There's nothing we can do. It's just a matter of time before they unlock this room. There goes my model. There goes our last refuge. That's all we need. She couldn't have. We can't make them see us. Nothing. The bio buster? I don't get it... Not really... what's this? You can't say that for sure. It could be a transitional thing. Like a post-life crisis. We just have to be tougher with them. Come on. Have some brandy. Spirits, get it? You left me. Barbara, honey! Don't go out there. You don't know -- Oh, honey, we may need that. I don't know if there's anything we can do. They make gypsies look good. That's my girl! Arrogant. That's Jane Butterfield all right... Won't? Or can't? I don't know. Jane, Jane, up here ! God, it's Jane Butterfield! But I'm not hungry, are you? Hon... I didn't want to die, but really, this is fine with me. As long as I never have to wash dishes again. Maybe this is heaven. Cabin fever, hon? I don't see anything about 'Rewards and Punishments' or 'Heaven and Hell.' This book reads like stereo instructions! Listen to this... 'Geographical and Temporal Perimeters... Functional perimeters vary from manifestation to manifestation.' This is going to take some time. This book isn't arranged that way. What do you want to know? This is going to take some time. Look at the publisher. Handbook for the Recently Deceased Press. Handbook for the recently diseased. Anything happen while I was away? ... Hmmm? What? You saved my -- uh -- life... or whatever... something. I'll tell you what, Barbara. I don't think we survived that crash. You'd better sit down, hon. How's your arm? Slow down there, honey... I don't want the vibration to weaken the model. Yeah it turned out okay. We applied for a National Historical plaque for it. That'll be the third one on Main Street. Don't forget the balls, Ernie. Let's not think about it. We'll have a nice romantic, quiet, vacation. Here comes the bridge chorus. We should be flattered that she wants to sell our house. Ah, the ever-tactful Jane. Let's just relax about having children. It's your turn, darling. God, how I have looked forward to this, honey. Yeah, I want to get one coat on the wardrobe and then I'll help you. God... Manchurian Tung oil? There's enough to refinish the gateleg table and the cherry wardrobe! Manchurian Tung oil? Where did you get it? Almost. She's ready. Uh-uh. Only if you got above a C on science. We studied all day yesterday. Don't tell me... Did you get the paint? What is going on? You tell them that we are desperate horrible ghoulish creatures who will stop at nothing to get back our house. We weren't there. The handbook says funerals aren't for the dead. We want to frighten you away. So that you'll move out. I certainly did. I'd finish it too, but... I don't get out much. We were trying to scare your mother. Nobody else can. You can actually see us? Without the sheets? What? Aren't you scared? We're ghosts. Wait for who? Help vouchers? Nine months? What difference does that make? W... We didn't know how to make one. Barbara ?!! This is my town. Okay. But that Betelgeuse sure seemed mad. Can you scare them off? But... the Deetzes are destroying our house. You don't kill anyone. Aren't you dead? Out . Well, we didn't know -- Handbook? When...? And if we need you again, how do we...? We have to start simpler, is that it? We tried. Are you available?Now, let's get rolling! You wish! I nearly scored with that little blonde. I need me a short little queen. Hi ho, hi ho, it's off to work I go! You Maitlands are the backbone of the afterlife. So what's my cut? So you, the dead, want me, the undead , to throw the live guys -- Mommie, Daddy and Lolita, who might not mind a tumble with an older guy, out into the cold? Even though they have paid hard casharoonie for your dump? Hell no! I'm rolling. I'm a businessman. I'm the man what am . Beee tel Jooose ! Who do I gotta kill? You lilly-livered bleeding hearts! Hey, I've been in a frigging bottle for six hundred years. I was out. Every dog has his day. This is my town. I need a night to howl. Folks, be reasonable here. I'm at your service. You be the judge. I'm a harmless guy. Try me. Hey you've been on Saturn! I hate those sandworms! Yecchhh ! I've lost a lot of buddies to sandworms. So a daughter? She got good legs? God I love a young leg. Bio- busting . I loves bio-busting. Who do I gotta kill? Family -- right? Obnoxious I bet. Mommie, daddy, piglets. You're the dead. All right. Who are you? I'm beeyoo-teeful. Then I'll help them. For a price. Can you help me ? So... You're ready for me now? How'd you like to be married to... the King...? How'd you like to have the biggest boobs in the world? Right now. I can do it if I get out. You've got to say it! Just say it. It's spelled different, but basically... Now you said it twice; just one more time, and I'll be free. And then you'll be free. That's it! Good thing you are beautiful, kid. You are dumb ! Good girrrl! It means look behind you, bimbo. No, dummy. Two. Of course you do. Minor problem. The rules. I can't tell it to you. But... do you know how to play charades? I can't help you from this side, but here's how we do it. So simple . Say my name three times. That's all. I'll be all yours. Then I'll bring you over here in style. That's right. They treat you like scum I bet? Well, yes, of course. It's great over here. You'll meet all the greats. James Dean. Buddy Holly. 'The little things a you say and do... make me want to be with you-a-hoo.' You do? Over here? On my side? Sort of. High spirit. Heh heh. Listen, cookie, I've been trapped in this burg for hundreds of years. All I want is to get out. The happy hunting ground. Who cares? No, I mean they've gone. Decamped. Split. Vanished. Cookie, they are dead, dead, deadski. They're dead.Otho? He's your cousin. Otho, you've got to help me get Maxie Dean up here. I have a deal that could make all of us very comfortable. That's fine, Otho. Just keep me out of it. I am here to relax and clip coupons. And goddamnit, I mean to do it. They're probably guilty about what they did to me. Why not? Let's hope he knows how to produce those damn ghosts for Max and Sarah... Because I've bought options on property all over town. I need Max's financing... What's he going to do? Viciously rearrange their environment? At least insofar as we have our first casualty. Me. We're going to have a lot to do tomorrow... The Goodwill truck is coming, and whatever is up there in that attic goes away with it. Should have it fumigated too. I saw a fly today. There's only one Chinese restaurant in town, darling, the owners are Irish and Irish people happen to cook Cantonese. They don't know better. Otho, why didn't you just come in the door? Nonsense, everytime she says that, the paint peels, and some wild creature tries to kill us. Otho, could you actually... do something with them? I'll bring the wine... and the business plan. And Lydia you'll bring the ghosts. Delia will cook... Now, let's get back to business. I want to get Maxie Dean and Sarah up here immediately. I can make history here! I'm going to turn this sleepy little backward town into a leading supernatural research center... and amusement park. Look at all that parking ! Answer your mother. The attic room is locked -- Lydia, I don't know what it is with you and these pratical jokes, but -- ... sheets. Yes. Except when you creep around in your mother's -- Lydia. What the hell is the point of my moving up here if you people won't let me relax? Go help your mother. Darling, can't you see I'm relaxing in here! What? ... asked you for something, didn't she? I'm going down to relax. I want a noise-free zone. Do you understand? Noise free. Skeleton keys never work. Anyway, this can wait. We'll get a crowbar later. Your mother... Let me have it. Lydia. Try to be civil. I'm going to see if I can set up a noise-free zone in the study. Where is your mother? Lydia, we're the first trickle! In a couple of years this whole town will be filled with people like us. Lydia, relax. We'll build you a darkroom in the basement. What do you think, honey? Are they suffering? Otho, can you do it? Great idea, Maxie! Those Japanese could run it for us. Build them a dormitory in the woods. Listen, think right about it, will you? We've almost got the house ready, you bring Sarah with you and I'll show you. Just a minute, Maxie. Somebody... No, no, c'mon, Max, you know me. I've got plans. You gotta come up here and see, then I'll tell you about it. Not a building ! That's the beauty of it. I think I can buy the whole town . These people don't know the value of their property!It's too late, Charles. I'm sorry. I am ashamed to say he is. Look, nothing short of giving away free sacks of money would get him up here, Charles. And Sarah? Forget it. You can't get her out of Bergdorf's with plastic explosives. He's a cloven-hooved beast! Yes, of course you are. Well, Otho had an intuition. Call it a hunch -- that it was going to be a fabled monstrosity of a house. And it certainly is. Charles, you're lucky the Yuppies are buying condos, so you can afford what I'm going to have to do to this place. We are talking from the ground ups'ville ! I don't know. Oh, they're still here. They're Just not showing up. Look at that detail ! We're dealing with Tracy and Hepburn here, a very sophisticated pair. We must protect them, treat them with respect, nur ture them. Oh, Delia, lighten up! Now, Lydia... Favor us about your ghosts. I have a feeling there's some very interesting space behind this door. You don't have a key? Let's see. We could turn that into a media room. 'I' will tell you what is boring. Once you cover up the wallpaper, knock down a few walls, alter the traffic patterns, and -- perhaps -- only perhaps -- think about an inground pool -- the place might just be livable. What's on the third floor? Oh, as long as we're here... Is there much more of this torture? Be brave! Otho take care! Onward! I know ! We just have to pray that the other closets are bigger than this one. Blue-green! Hydrated chromic oxide! Remember I'm schooled in chemistry. I was a hair analyst! Briefly. Interior design is a science , Delia! Think of me as Doctor Otho. And this patient is truly sick ! Viridian? Gooood! You read my mind ! I love clients who can read my mind. I don't think people realize how strong a connection there is between interior decoration and the supernatural. I thought I saw something. No time like the present, as my wicked stepmother used to say. Is the rest of the house as bad as this? That was the single most unattractive window treatment I have ever seen in the entire of my existence. As flies the lizard Serpent fell; As goblin vizard, At the spell Of pale wizard, Sinks to hell; The buried, dead, and slain... Rise again. Their wedding clothes. I'll need something personal of theirs. Perhaps if I were properly motivated. All presences have a home space. A place where they live, so to speak. Where do they hide out? Why not? My sentiments exactly. Porcelain is for teeth! It's bad luck. And I believe hugely in luck.I got a lotta time to hear your theories and I wanta hear every damn one of 'em...but right now I'm tired and I don't wanta think about baseball and I don't wanta think about Quantum Physics... I don't wanta think about nothing... I just wanta be. Annie--- You think I could make it to the Show as a manager? Yeah...you a witch? There might be an opening for a manager at Salem next spring. I quit. Hit my dinger and hung 'em up. How come in former lifetimes, everybody was someone famous? How come nobody ever says they were Joe Schmo? I got released. Why not? Are you gonna be waking up next to 20 year old ballplayers when you're 60? It's possible. I don't know if I'd go that far. What's so great about baseball? Who? Why baseball? You okay? Annie, I think you should leave. --and as soon as we lose a game, he'll be back in your arms. I thought you wanted an "uncomplicated" boy? I doubt that. And now you wanta teach me? Who are you? Do you have a job? And he's right! A ballplayer on a streak has to respect the streak. They don't happen very often. You know how hard this game is? If you believe you're playing well because you're getting laid or because you're not getting laid or because you wore red silk panties--then you are! And I still think Thomas Pynchon is full of shit. I think of you and the "boy" all the time. You're gorgeous, God damn it! From the moment I first saw you I knew I had to have you. I had to have you! Aren't we all? Nuke won't go to bed with you, eh? A batter has two tenths of a second to decide whether to swing-- Well, Annie, your place or mine? Fact is you're afraid of meeting a guy like me 'cause It might be real so you sabotage it with some bullshit about commitment to a young boy you can boss around-- Great deal. You get to write self- indulgent little poems all winter about how hard it is to find a man even though you just sent him packing- So what do you really want? You wanta be a tragic woman figure wallowing in the bullshit of magic? Or do you want a guy? Your place or mine? Let me. No. Please. 247 home runs in the minors would be a dubious honor, if ya think about it. Don't tell anybody. You're pulling your hips out. That's my job too. What'you see in that guy--he's dim, pretty boy. a young, wild, So...Wanta make love? When you're hitting you shouldn't think about anything but hitting. But you shouldn't think about it too much. The trick is to use your brain to not use your brain. Yep. I'm not interested in a woman who's interested in that boy. G'night. I believe in the soul, the cock, the pussy, the small of a woman's back, the hanging curve ball, high fiber, good scotch, long foreplay, show tunes, and that the novels of Thomas Pynchon are self-indulgent, overrated crap. I believe that Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone, I believe that there oughtta be a constitutional amendment outlawing astro-turf and the designated hitter, I believe in the "sweet spot", voting every election, soft core pornography, chocolate chip cookies, opening your presents on Christmas morning rather than Christmas eve, and I believe in long, slow, deep, soft, wet kisses that last for 7 days. After 12 years in the minor leagues, I don't tryout. Besides-- I don't believe in, Quantum Physics when it comes to matters of the heart...or loins. Why do you get to choose? Why don't I get to choose? I'll learn. C'mon-- She's dancing with me. I don't dance. I'm Crash Davis. You're a cocksucker! Beg me again! Beg me! You want me to call you a cocksucker?! You're in the wrong business, Jack--you're Sears-Roebuck material! You spit on me! No! I said It was a cock-sucking call and you can't run me for that! It was a cocksucking call! God damn It, Jack, he still ain't touched the plate. I got him on the knee! Nuke-- Good luck. It's the best, Nuke...the absolute fucking best. I don't need a crazy woman in my life. No. Fear and arrogance, you, hayseed, not ignorance! You will. Look, Nuke--these Big League hitters are gonna light you up like a pin ball machine for awhile-- don't worry about it. Be cocky and arrogant even when you're getting beat. That's the secret. You gotta play this game with fear and arrogance. I have been known, on occasion, to howl at the moon. D'you understand that? Sorry about last night. If ya get in a fight with some asshole, never hit his with your pitching hand. ya might get injured. That's another lesson for ya--now quit fucking around and help me up. Good. Good. That's terrific... Nuke...tell me something. Did you hit me with your right or your left? You know what the difference Is between hitting .250 and hitting .300? 1 got it figured out. Twenty-five hits a year in 500 at bats is 50 points. Okay? There's 6 months in a season, that's about 25 weeks--you get one extra flare a week--just one--a gork, a ground ball with eyes, a dying quail-- just one more dying quail a week and you're in Yankee Stadium! Okay, I'll kick your ass there. Come over here into the light so I can kick your ass. Why are you a fuck? 'Cause you got talent. I got brains. But you got talent! You're God damn left arm is worth a million dollars a year. All my limbs put together are worth 7 cents a pound--and that's for science and dog meat. You fuck! God damn it, you fucking virgin prick--step outside. C ' mon! Let go of me! Then go. Shut up. I'm playing. Oh you won't regret it, young girls don't forget it, lost in their own wilderness ... But it's all so easy--Just try a little tenderness... Anybody says anything bad about Millie, I'll break his neck. What's wrong? You outta your mind? If you give in now you might start losing. Never fuck with a winning streak. Yep. So how's Annie? Write, write--"I just wanta give It my best shot and, Good Lord willing, things'll work out." Of course. That's the point. "I'm just happy to be here and hope I can help the ballclub." Write this down. "We gotta play 'em one day at a time." Learn your cliches. Study them. Know them. They're your friends. It's time you started working on your interviews. Yep. He really crushed that dinger, didn't he. Musta gone 450 feet...damn... It'll keep the fear of God in the hitters. Trust me. I want you to throw this one at the bat rack. The moment's over. If this guy starts me off with a breaking ball, I'm going downtown-- Your fastball was up and your curveball was hanging--in the Show they woulda ripped you. Annie's a smart lady. I know, I know--I have that dream all the time. We're almost home. If he had a good breaking ball, I'd respect the shit outta him. What? Party without me. I won't have to. Go for it. I just wanta play everyday despite small nagging injuries--and go home to a woman who appreciates how full of crap I truly am. By the dozen. Holiday on Ice, Ice Capades, Ice Follies-- I'm through with one night stands. Naw... You could be one of those guys-- but you don't give a fuck, Meat. Yep. You don't need a quadraphonic Blaupunkt--you need a curve ball. In the Show, everybody can hit the fastball. You got a Hall of Fame arm but you're pissing it away. A gift. When you were a baby the gods reached down and turned your left arm into a thunderbolt. 'Cause you don't respect yourself, which is your problem, but you don't respect the game--and that's my problem. You got a gift. Gimme that. I told him. He did know. An' he scrambled the son of a bitch. Having fun yet? Guy hit the shit outta that one, eh? Fastball. Awright, meat, give him your heat. "To announce your fucking presence with authority"? This guy's a first ball fastball hitter. He's looking for heat. Why you shaking me off? Shake off the pitch. Throw what you wanta. Don't think. Drive off your back leg. You pitch with your legs as much as your arms- Now, Nuke, would I do a thing like that? Hey kids, this is the great Ebby Calvin "Nuke" LaLoosh. Yeah, Skip, you wanted to see me? I don't know. I haven't caught anything yet. And where can I go? I'm too old for this shit. Why the hell am I back in "A" ball? The Crash Davis. ) And you, Larry Hockett, should recognize me 'cause five years ago in the Texas League when you were pitching for El Paso and I was hitting cleanup for Shreveport, you hung a curve on an 0-2 pitch of a 3-2 game in bottom of the 8th and I tattooed it over the Goodyear Tire sign, beat you 4-3-- and I got a free wheel alignment from Goodyear. See ya at the yard, Meat. It's a damn easy thing to play with. Shut up--I like this song... April in Paris, this is a feeling, No one can ever reprieve... C'mon, Meat. You can't hit me 'cause you're starting to think about it already, you're starting to think how embarrassing it'll be to miss, how all these people would laugh. C'mon, Rook--show me that million dollar arm 'cause I'm getting a good idea about the five cent head-- Throw it. C'mon, right in the chest. From what I hear you couldn't hit a bull in the ass with a slingshot Hit me in the chest with this... Take the first shot at me. I don't believe in fighting. Love to--We'll pray anyway. We'll be praying for you. I was thinking I could fly up and spend a week in the Big Leagues with you--help you get comfortable.Some kid hittin' .300 in Lynchburg ...probably a bust. It's a damn convention. He said his chakras were jammed and he was breathing out of the wrong nostril. I heard he's wearing women's underwear--and he's breathing through his pingala nostril. ...and one helluva guy. It's a miracle. Eight and twenty-four. We're eight and sixteen. Sears sucks, Crash, I tried it once. Sold Lady Kenmores--it's nasty, nasty work. But he ain't quite sure which plane he's on, y'know what I mean... He's got a million dollar arm and a five cent head. Ohyeah. I shoulda throwed a slider. Damn, Crash, how're ya? League record. And he hit the Radio Announcer, a Sportswriter, and the Bull Mascot twice--also league records-- Joe, the guy's got some serious shit. It's a league record. C'mon big 'un, you're okay... Better find our bonus baby, eh? Ain't he warning up?Don't worry. I think I'm ready for the Show. I won't be needing these anymore. How can I possibly thank you? I gotta leave first thing in the morning. Yeah, Skip, it's me. Jeez...Jeez...God...Jeez... Crash says I gotta quit worrying about him--c'mon, honey, we got a lotta catching up to do-- Aw hell, let's have a quickie right here-- I'm starting to understand what you're teaching me. I mean the panties and the nostrils and all that shit...I mean I'm getting it-- I couldn't dump my old man but maybe later I can sneak away from him... I'd like you to meet my father. We lost. I'll be back when we lose. He said if I gave in to you I'd start losing again. I did. You're exotic and mysterious and cute--that's why I better leave. I think you're real cute. I knew it--you're seducing me! No! You're playing with my mind! He didn't mean it nasty. He said that gettin' lost and disappearing from the face of the earth was sometimes a good thing to do-- especially like that. Well--he calls it the Bermuda Triangle. He said a man can get lost in there and never be heard from again. Crash once called a woman's, uh-- pussy--y'know how the hair kinda makes a "V" shape?-- Fundamentals? I know what it is. You can't seduce me. No, that's okay. All I need's a little nap. No, no, it was great. No. Just till I lose. You know what it feels like to throw a three hitter? We better not fuck. Not that. I mean the re-channeling of my sexual energy. Maybe we shouldn't make love for awhile. Y'know, Annie, I been thinking if it works for one game, maybe it'll work for a whole buncha games. Death is like spring training? God...I think I'm gonna be sick-- I can't keep up with you. First you say sex is gonna make me a better pitcher--now no sex is gonna do it?! How ya like that? Gimme the God damn ball! How was that? If I throw too hard I'll hurt the kid. Switch nostrils? I'm really beat. I need some serious "z's"-- My right nostril? Which nostril am I breathing through? This in ridiculous. I'm a pro. Catch? Sorry. You look great. I'm totally exhausted. God I'm tired. What a trip I was lousy. I was worse than lousy. Everytime I pitched--it was like throwing gasoline on a fire. Kaboom. I-- Big League pitchers don't use these. Jesus, Annie, I don't know-- What? God, I never thought of that. I wanted to be the host of Dance Fever, somethin' like that... Mmm, hmmm. You shoulda seen how many people came to the airport to see me off. When I got drafted first it was the happiest day of my Father's life. He likes baseball more than I do... Yeah maybe you're right. You said "Crash". You said "Crash". You mean Nuke. You said "Crash". You too...Meat. Yeah, thanks for everything. Maybe you do. Y'know I'm starting to like this game--baseball's a helluva good way to make a living. Well, I got Annie all warmed up for ya... She's just waiting for you to show up, y'know... I know. I just like to see you get all worked up. Fear and ignorance. No. Forget it. What? My right. I'll take you back to the hotel. No. You're a great catcher. Why am I a fuck? C'mon, we got nothin' to fight about. I don't wanta fight you, I wanta thank you. Let's have a drink and forget this-- Settle what? I'm trying to thank you. I'm going to the Show. Club's expanding its roster to finish the season-- Hey, guys, I got a game to pitch. I'm nervous--my old man's here. She's getting steamed 'cause I'm still re-channeling my sexual energy--maybe I should cave in and sleep with her once just to calm her down. What'ya think? "...Good Lord willing, things'll work out." Jesus. Boring. What do I gotta do? I love winning, Crash, you hear me? I love It. Teach me everything. You told him I was throwing a deuce, right? You're the boss. Why?! I'm finally throwin' the damn thing where I want to. Hey, I'm cruisin', man--what're you doing out here?! Can't you let me enjoy the moment? I was great, eh? Annie says her panties will keep one side of my brain occupied while I'm on the mound, thus keeping my brain slightly off center, which is where it should be for artists and pitchers. She also said I should throw whatever pitches you call for. I was playing naked. What would you think of a pitcher who wore women's panties? Can I ask you something? God--what a Big League move. If I get laid, you won't tell Annie? You're weird, man--I want a ice skater real bad. You're through with one night stands?! What do you want? "Naw"? There's ice skaters coming! You ever made love to an ice skater? This is from Tony for the rainout. C'mon, man, let's go to the party. God damn it I'm sick of you calling me "Meat"! You wanta step outside! You been in the Majors? I ain't pissing nothing away--I got a Porsche already. A 944 with A.C. and a quadraphonic Blaupunkt. What do I got? How come you don't like me? Oh she may get wooly, women do get wooly, because of all the stress... How? I'm having a blast. God, that sucker teed off on it just like he knew I was gonna throw a fastball. Well, I held it like an egg. Why's he always call me "Meat"? I'm the guy driving a Porsche. But he ain't seen my heat-- I wanta throw the heater to announce my presence with authority. Fun? What's he know about fun? Why's he calling for a curveball? I wanta bring heat. I thought I was-- Hey! What're you guys doing here-- stealing my girl? If it makes you and mom feel better, go for it. I gotta run-- Dad--if my curveball is hanging, God ain't gonna help me. No. If I screw up, I wanta do it alone. I'll call. I gotta go now, Dad. I'm Nuke LaLoosh. With the Bulls. Looking for Crash Davis. Jim looking for somebody. He goes to a whorehouse every night? They called me up to the Show and I wanta tell Crash goodbye. Where does he go?God bless you. Let's have a quick word of prayer, right here, to thank the Lord for all this-- We were worried that Ebby might get involved with the wrong crowd in professional baseball--we're so pleased, he met a Christian woman. Ebby's told me a lot about you.Whatever you do, love it like you loved that projection booth of the Paradiso when you were little... No, Toto, nobody said it. I say it! Life's not like you saw it in the movies. Life...is harder. Get out! Go back to Rome. You 're young, the world is yours! And I'm old...I don't want to hear you talk any more, I want to hear talk about you. Do like the soldier, Toto! Go away! This land is cursed. When you're here every day you feel like you're at the center of the universe, it seems like nothing ever changes. Then you go away, one year, two...And when you come back, everything's different. The thread has broken. You don't find those you were looking for, your things no longer exist. Isn't that the case?...You've got to go away a long time, for many, many years, before coming back and finding your people again, the land where you were born...But not now, it's impossible. Now you're blinder than I am. It was probably meant to be like this. Each of us has a star to follow. So now what are you thinking of doing? Did you ever see her again? Toto, sooner or later there comes a time when talking or keeping quiet is the same thing. So it's better to shut up. It's hot in here. Toto, take me to the beach. You 're thinner...You can tell you've not been treated well. . No, nobody came. But where'd you go, Toto?!! You were expecting her? Huh? ...It's a nasty business waiting by yourself. In company it's better. No?...Then I'll leave. You weren't expecting me? Could be...But I don't like this business. It smells fishy to me. Toto, are you pulling my leg or something? How is it possible to see this television without film? I want to make you happy, Toto! I'm going to tell you a story. Once upon a time a king gave a feast and there were all the most beautiful princesses of the realm. Basta, one of the guards, saw the king's daughter: she was the loveliest of all! And he immediately fell in love with her. But what could a poor soldier do compared with a king's daughter?!...One day he managed to meet her and told her he couldn't live without her. The princess was so struck by the depth of his feeling that she said to the soldier 'If you will wait a hundred days and a hundred nights beneath my balcony, then in the end I'll be yours.' Christ, the soldier ran off there and waited! One day, two days, ten, twenty...Every night she looked out of her window, but he never budged. Come rain, wind, snow, never budged! The birds shat on him and the bees ate him alive! After ninety nights he was gaunt and pale and tears streamed from his eyes but he couldn't hold them back. He didn't even have the strength to sleep any more. The princess kept watch...And on the ninety-ninth night, the soldier got up, picked up his chair and left! Heeey! Totooooo! Don't get pissed off with me now! Come here! I don't know where the fuck I have to go. And the next time be careful how you talk. Not to take credit away from the Lord, but if I had created the world, in all modesty, certain things would have come out better. But unfortunately such was not the case. Don't think about it, Toto. Don't even try. With feelings, there's nothing to understand. I told you, the blue-eyed ones are the most difficult. They're not my words. John Wayne said it in Shepherd of the Hills. Eh! Love...what a mystery! I understand you, Toto...The ones with blue eyes are the most beautiful. Whatever you do, you can't make friends with them. Eh, there's nothing to be done about it! The heavier a man is, the deeper his footprints. And if he's in love, he suffers, because he knows he's up a one-way street. Because love is a meaningless thing when a man gets it into his head to do what he wants... What's she like? What's she like?... Is there a woman?...Tell me the truth... There is a woman. Now what can you see? What is it, what is it? What's the picture? I've shown it so many times I know it by heart. The first time I showed it, in 1940, was the Sunday my first wife died. They kept it hidden from me all day so they wouldn't have to close down the movie house. I only found out that night, after the last show. Those are things you never forget... So, Toto, how are these home movies going? Chaplin's Modern Times! Right, Toto? Progress! It always arrives too late! For example, at this moment the film's out of focus. Go see. Toto, this isn't for you. For the moment, the Cinema Paradiso needs you, and you need the Cinema Paradiso. But it won't last...Some day you'll have other things to do, more important things... That's right, more important. I know it. Now that I've lost my sight I see more. I see everything I didn't see before... And it's all thanks to you, who saved my life. And I'll never forget it... And don't put on that look. I haven't gone off my head yet. You want proof? Don't do that...Sooner or later you'll be left empty-handed. How's school? Any room for me in this Cinema Paradiso? It's got to be sent to another town. And if we don't the owner of that movie house gets pissed off. Who knows?...It's like an adventure. Hope springs eternal... You understand which side the gelatin's on? With time...you get used to it. Besides, when you hear from up here that there's a full house and that people are laughing, having fun... Then you're happy too. So I've been wasting my breath? You pretend to agree with me, but as soon as my back is turned, you do what you want! Get out of here! I don't want to lay eyes on you again! This is the last straw! Your mother's right, you're crazy!! But how'd he do it? The little bastard! By watching, he's learned! It's incredible! I'm letting the box office know you're not to set foot even into the theatre! There are no more tickets for you! And I'm also talking to Father Adelfio! You won't be an altar boy any more either!!! You little runt! Good for you, Toto. Good for you... I'm only saying this for your own good... Cooped up in here you die of heat in the summer and of cold in the winter. You breathe in smoke, gas fumes, and earn practically nothing. Because I'm an idiot. How many other guys in town know how to be a projectionist? None! Only a jerk like me could do it. Besides I wasn't lucky. When I was a kid there was the war! When I grew up, another war! Now it's all different. Times have changed. And you want to be a dope like me? Huh? Answer me! Because I don't want to, Toto! This is not a job for you. It's like being a slave. You're always alone. You see the same film over and over again, because you have nothing else to do. And you start talking to Greta Garbo and Tyrone Power like a nut! You work on holidays, on Christmas, on Easter. Only on Good Friday are you free. But if they hadn't put Jesus Christ on a cross...You'd work Good Fridays too! Now listen to what I've got to say. I took up this profession when I was ten years old. In those days there weren't these modern machines. The films were silent. The projectors were run by hand, like this, with a crank. And you wound the crank all day long. It was really rough going! If you got tired and slowed down' boom! Everything would go up in flames! Toto, come here. All right, all right! When I've got kids that's what I'm telling them! 'I choose my friends for their looks, and my enemies for their brains...' You're too smart to be my friend. Besides, as I always tell my kids, be careful to pick the right friends! Of course I knew your father. He was tall, thin, pleasant, and had a moustache like mine. Always smiling. He looked like Clark Gable. What you find tonight on the floor between the seats? Signora Maria, don't do that. He's just a kid. And why are you telling fibs? We let him in free. He must have lost the money inside the movie theatre... How much did you have? What are you doing here? Look, Toto! Before I kick your ass all the way to China and back, let's make a deal. These strips here are yours, I give them to you. However! One you're not to stick your nose in here any more. Two I'll keep them for you, because you can't take them home for God forbid and save our souls, if they catch fire, all hell will break loose! OK? Oh!!! And now scram! 'Cause sometimes you can't find the right place any more and so...well, actually...they stay here. Besides, there are more kisses than you can count. You must not come here! How many times do I have to tell you? If the film catches fire, runt that you are, you'd go up in a burst of flame...whoosh! And turn into a piece of... Oh yes, father. Now everything's clear. I know. But take the-miracle of the loaves and fishes, for example! I think about it a lot...How is it possible for... Father Adelfio, I have a very serious doubt that is torturing my soul. And you've got to help me, because I've lost all peace of mind... Good morning, father. It's hard on the feet, huh?Thanks for all you've done for me. Who said that? Gary Cooper, James Stewart, Henry Fonda? Huh? Now I understand why the soldier went away just before the end. That's right, just one more night and the princess would have been his. But she, also, could not have kept her promise. And...that would have been terrible, he would have died from it. So instead, for ninety-nine nights at least he had lived with the illusion that she was there waiting for him... Listen to this one...The commander says to the sergeant: 'You remember that windmill that used to be there?' 'Yes, sir, I remember the mill's gone but the wind's still there!' You remember the story of the soldier and the princess? No. And nobody knows where she is. They tell me you never go out, never talk to anybody. Why? I'm here! Take it easy! Take it easy! Sit down, sit down... Did she come? No, Alfredo, I was coming to help you... Just so, Alfredo. There isn't any. And if you buy a television set, you can watch it at home, without any fuss... No! You mean right at the end? ALFREDO That's right, Toto, right at the end? And don't ask me what it means. If you figure it out, let me know... You see, it s like I say. You always have an answer for everything. Stop it! I've had enough of your sermons! You act as if you created the world! But why? There must be some way to make her understand! What you say is wonderful! But sad... Yes, it's a girl I saw at the station. Nothing, there's nothing. It's all out of focus. It's people in the slaughter-house killing a calf. There's blood all over the floor, like a lake. And through this lake another calf passes by on its way to die. Yes. That's right, Modern Times. What'd I tell you? It doesn't catch fire! Yes. I want proof. Why? What do you mean? OK. OK. But now that I've got a job, I'11 probably stop going... Come in, Alfredo. Too bad! Peppinoooo! Come back sooon!! Good thing Germany's closer than Russia. Will they really find work in Germany? It tastes wonderful! Alfredo, go fuck yourself!!! But don't you like anything about what you do? No... Then why don't you change jobs? Then why don't you want to teach it to me too? Now that there's no more cranking, and it's easier? I told my mother you weren't the one who gave me the films. That it wasn't your fault. But I thought you said the film could catch fire just to scare me. Now that I know, I won't steal any more from you. That's all I wanted to say. I'm going. But you don't have any kids!!! Alfredo, did you know my father? Fifty lire... I bought a ticket. I've come to see the film. So I can have these? ...and turn into a piece of charcoal!! I'll never agree with you. Never, Elena. But I never saw that note! I must have covered it with my hand, without realizing it, that's the only explanation... Oh, how I looked for you, Elena! You'll never know. I wrote, telephoned, nothing. Nobody ever answered. But I dreamt of you for years! That's why I went away...and never came back here. Even as the years passed, in all the women I met, I was only looking for you. I had success it's true, but there was always something missing... I'd never have imagined that all this had to end because of the man who was like a father to me. A crazy lunatic! Alfredo, damn him! He cast his spell on you too! But I've never forgotten you, Elena! Sure, sure! Boccia... What's he do? No. And I'm not married. Are you happy? I saw your daughter. She's beautiful! Who knows how many Salvatores must be running after her... Alfredo died. Do you remember him? You're still beautiful... Who? Good, this way we can finally talk. I'll convince him this time. The army says that, as a war orphan, I don't have to serve in the military, but nothing can be done. It's a bureaucratic error. I have to leave. Day after tomorrow morning. They're sending me to Rome. But they'll discharge me ten days later. Let's go... Elena!...But when... That's nothing to do with it, it's the car that's still being run in... For you to fall in love with me too. Listen carefully. Every night, when I get off work, I'll come and wait beneath your window. Every night. When you change your mind, open your window. That's all. I'll understand... I don't care. I'll wait. Sssssh, Be quiet, pretend everything's normal. I'm Salvatore. We'll talk about that later. Bye-bye, Elena. ...What an idiot! What an idiot! 'Nice day'! Christ!! No particular reason... Nice day, huh? Hi, Elena! My name's Salvatore...And yours? You never used to do that! No...It's nothing to do with you. It's just that I was scared of coming back. Now, after all these years, I thought I was strong, that I had forgotten lots of things. Instead, I find it's quite the opposite, as if I had never left. And yet, I look at Lia and feel as if I didn't know her, and you, Mamma...I abandoned you, ran away like a thief, thought only of myself, and never gave you an explanation... No, Mamma, it only takes an hour by air, you know. They're always writing to me saying they want to come to Rome! Daddy's not coming back...He's dead. Somebody stole it. No... I don't remember him any moreMa, where's Russia? But why do you call me 'Mr. Di Vita'? It didn't used to be that way... How long's it been shut? OK... The projector's all rusty, but I could fix it in two or three days. Give the place a good cleaning, put in some seats and bring in a projectionist and we'll show Catene in two houses. Don Ciccio, I've got an idea...You remember that old abandoned movie house where they're supposed to build those low-rent houses?Just remember that when you sign for the tip. They're paying for it, so don't be shy. What is it don't work out that way? Where you gonna stay? So, you go on upstairs to the party, your lady sees you, you run into each other's arms. Music comes up, you live happily ever after, that it? That is Christmas music. Mind if I play some tunes? You mean you thought she wouldn't make it out here and she'd come crawling on back, so why bother to pack? So, why didn't you come? But meant her moving here. So, you divorced of what? Hey, I'm sorry. When I was a cabdriver, see, people expected a little chit chat, a little eccentricity and comaraderie, I forgot how stuck up you limo guys were, so excuse me. Meanwhile, you still live in New York? The girl was off today. Hey, I didn't expect you to sit up front. So, your lady live out here? If your friend is hot to trot...I know a couple of mama bears. ...Or is he married? Do I? I'm sorry. You're gonna have to help me, man. This is my first time driving a limo. Argyle. I'm your limo driver. Hey, nice bag.I must have missed 60 Minutes. What are you saying? You're amazing. You figured this all out already? You're very perceptive. What does he want? I read about them in Time magazine. When these Revolutionary Brothers and Sisters are Free, the hostages in this building will be taken to the roof and they will accompany us in helicopters to the Los Angeles International Airport where you will be given further instructions. You have two hours to comply. If you'd listened to me he would be neutralized already! He had the detonators! Theo? Theo! Karl, I know you want him, but the police are probably on their way. Maybe we can convince them it was all a mistake, but not if they hear gunshots! If you lock him in he'll be neutralized -- now do it! Karl? Karl! No. Heinrich's team must finish planting the detonators...and Theo needs time on the vault. After the police come they'll waste hours trying to negotiate...that's when we search for this man. Until then...we do not alter the plan. I know what you are feeling. But this is not productive -- See to Heinrich... Now...you can break the code key...? Okay. The code key, please...? Who said we were terrorists? Yes...I know about them. The code key is a necessary step in accessing the vault. It's beautiful. I always enjoyed models as a boy. The exactness, the attention to every foreseeable detail... perfection. 'Yippe-ki-yea, mother fucker'? Now you are fucked. No more jokes, drop it or she gets it between the eyes! Nein, dies ein ist mein. This time John Wayne does not walk off into the sunset with Grace Kelly. I'm going to count to three... Put it down now. One weekend I went to a combat ranch... You know, that game with the, the guns that shoot red paint? Must sound pretty silly to you... William Clay. Call me Bill. New York... You...you don't work for Nakatomi... and if you're not one of them... You...you're an American? --ohGodplease -- don't kill me -- don't kill me -- you're one of them, I know it -- Hear that? Talk to me, where are my detonators. Where are they or shall I shoot another one? Sooner or later... ...I might get to someone you do care about. Do you really think you have a chance against us, Mr. Cowboy? I'm afraid not. But you have me at a loss -- you know my name, but who are you? Just another American who saw too many movies as a child. Another orphan of a bankrupt culture who thinks he's John Wayne...Rambo... Marshal Dillion. Mr. Mystery Guest. Are you still there? Who are you, then? Encourage them to be bolder. ...the circuits that cannot be cut... are cut automatically in reponse to a terrorist incident...You ask for miracles, Theo...I give you the FBI... Well have a look at what our friends outside are doing and I'll be right up. Then don't waste time talking to me. We may have some problems. How is your schedule? If out plan works...the FBI will get rid of it for us. How long? Then there's no reason not to tell it to us. I'm an exceptional thief, Mrs. McClane. And now that I'm moving up to kidnapping, you should be more polite. Mr. Takagi chose his people well, Mrs...? Yes, you're right. It will be done. No. But I'll have a sofa brought out to you. Good enough? Go on. Oh? What idiot put you in charge?You're all right, Argyle. I'll find someplace. It's corny, but I could live with it. How 'bout some Christmas music? Like I said, Argyle...you're fast. 'Cause I'm a New York cop who used to be a New York kid, and I got six months backlog of New York scumbags I'm still trying to put behind bars. I don't just get up and move. Closer to Japan. You're fast. She had a good job, it turned into a great career. It's okay, it's okay. You're nosey, you know that, Argyle? The past six months. Married. That's okay. This is my first time riding in one. Argyle. Don't you take this stuff? I'm John McClane. That asshole's not my friend! I barely know him! I hate his fucking guts -- -- Ellis, for Christ's sake, tell him you don't mean shit to me -- Don't you think I know that! Put Hans on! Hans, listen to me, that shithead doesn't know what kind of scum you are, but I do -- Ellis...you shouldn't be doing this... Ellis, what have you told them? Whoa, Hans, now you're the cowboy? That was Gary Cooper, shithead... Yeah. Like you did with Takagi. That was tricky, with the accent. I bet you do a great Ed Sullivan. Why do you need the detonators, Hans? I already used the explosives. Hans. Your Hans. Sounds better than nothing. Bill, you know how to use a handgun? Better than being caught with your pants down, right? John McClane. They invited me to the Xmas party. Who knew? I'm a cop from New York. Only if New Jersey counts. Whoa, whoa, easy man. I won't hurt you. Who are you? What are you looking for? Go fuck yourself. Actually, I was always partial to Roy Rogers. I really dug those sequined shirts. I wouldn't think of leaving, Hans. Unless you want to open the front door...? Just the fly in the ointment, Hans. The monkey in the wrench, the pain in the ass - Bad for your health anyway. Holly, we have to stop meeting like this. So that's what it was. A fucking robbery. So why nuke the building, Hans? Don't I always? Oh, here it comes. One of those 'meaningful relationship conversations.' I never should've let you get those magazine subscriptions -- No matter what it did to our marriage -- ? Sure. It's unnerving. I remember this one particular married woman, she went out the door so fast there was practically a jetwash...I mean, talk about your wind chill factor... Especially my name. You must miss it every time you write a check. When did you start calling yourself 'Ms. Gennero'? They would, huh? Ramona...no, Pomona, that's it. Well, Cappy Roberts retired out here a couple years ago. He said I could bunk with him. It's a long story. You know, I think that Ellis has his eye on you. Nice, but one of us is three hours out of sync. I think it's me. Is there a place I can wash up? Yeah. I remember our first date. I'm fine. You throw quite a party. I didn't know they had Christmas in Japan. Relax, Ellis. I'm off duty. So I've heard. Yeah. How'd you know? Excuse me, I'm looking for -- I'm serious. Hey, this is my wife... Holly Gennero. Al. Man, you were my rock. I couldn't have made it without you. Stand by, Powell. I gotta check something out. I hope so. But that's up to the guy upstairs. Upstairs... ...Hans, you bastard...what were you doing? Look...I'm getting a bad feeling up here...I'd like you to do something for me. Look up my wife...don't ask how, you'll know by then...and tell her...tell her...I've been a jerk. When things panned out for her, I should've been behind her all the way ...We had something great going until I screwed it up...She was the best thing that ever happened to a bum like me. She's heard me say I love you a thousand times, but she never got to hear this...honey...I'm sorry. You get all that? Powell? What's going on? I still feel like shit. I...I'm sorry. I didn't mean to make a joke of it. They way you drive, I can see why. Yeah? What's the odds? Yeah. But all things being equal, I'd rather be in Philadelphia. By the way, chalk up two more terrorists. The way you drove that car, I figured you for the streets. Speaking of cows, did you ever hear so much bullshit in your life? Two hours? That doesn't even make any sense -- Al? Al, you there? Two. And I'd sure like to see them swinging on the jungle gym with Al junior. You sound like a man with a couple of kids. Yeah, just trying to handle some year old twinkies. Yucck. What do they put in these things? Thanks...partner. Two? Are you sure? The plastique I found. Is the building on fire? Al, what's wrong? Did something -- -- Oh, God. You're coming in! That's it, isn't it? Christ, Powell, I told you what you're dealing with here -- They're all yours, Al. Good luck. 'Roy'. I'm ahead of you...partner. I've seen enough phoney ID's in my time to recognize that the ones they've got cost a fortune. Add all that up and I don't know what the fuck it means, but these are bad ass preps and they're here to stay.Bullshit. Roy? I got it. But you can tell her yourself. Just watch your ass and you'll make it. Ask the FBI. They've got the terrorist playbook and they're running it, step by step. Then this won't matter. LAPD's not calling the shots anymore. Hey, you couldn't know. Eleven years ago. Oh, it was dark... he was big for his age...damn ray gun he had looked real enough...yeah, I had all the right excuses...but afterwards... I really couldn't draw my gun again. I...I shot a kid. You don't want to know. They boys'll be glad. We got a pool going on you. Roy? You still with us? In my youth, partner. In my youth. Don't tell me, partner. I'm just a desk jockey who was on the way home when you rang. I'm here, cowboy. It's a date. You buy the ice cream. Not yet, the wife in working on our first. You got any kids back on the ranch? 'Sugar, enriched flour, partially hydrogenated vegetable oil, polysorbate 60 and yellow dye #5.' Hey, I love you. So do a lot of the guys. So hang in there, man. Hang in there. No, but it's gonna need one hell of a paint job and a shitload of screen doors. One spotters say you got two with that blast. Safe and sound, thanks to you. What the fuck was that? I said we'll talk later, Roy. If you're what I think you are you should know when to listen, when to shut up... and when to pray. I'm here, Roy, but I'm, uh, kind of busy. Let's talk later, okay? Got it...'Roy'. Now listen. If you think of anything else you think we need to know, don't be shy, okay? In the meantime I want you to find a safe place and hole-up and let us do our job. Understand? Uh, what do I call you? I hear you... Partner. And LA's finest are on it, so light 'em if you got 'em. How do you know? This is -- He's alone, tired, hunted, and hasn't seen diddly-squat from us and you think he gives a flying fuck about what you're going to do to him? Robinson, wake up and smell the shit you're shoveling! Christ, can't you read between the lines! He did everything he could to save him...if he gave himself up they'd both be dead! Yessir. What about the body that fell out of the window -- ? Going in...are you out of your mind? There's 30 hostages in there -- for all we know -- What's going on? A hunch. Things he said. Like, knowing how to recognize a phony ID -- I don't think so, Sir. In fact... I think he's a cop. Maybe not LAPD, but definitely a badge. We don't exactly know, Sir. He won't give us him name. He appears to be the man who called in the report...he's killed one of the terrorists for sure and claims he capped two others. The terrorists? Don't know, Sir. We haven't heard a peep from them. I am, Sir...Sergeant Al Powell.-- ten blocks? Are you crazy? It's Christmas Eve, thousands of people -- the Mayor'll scream bloody murder -- No, sir. Dwayne Robinson, LAPD. I'm in charge here. This is Deputy Chief Robinson. Who is this? Anytime you want to go home, Sergeant...consider yourself dismissed. Maybe. And maybe they'd at least be talking to us! Now tell your 'partner' to stay out of it, or so help me if he lives through this I'll put him behind bars myself! Goddamn, didn't you hear him! He practically pulled the Goddamned trigger himself -- he gave that man to them -- Give me that. Now, listen to me, mister, I don't know what you think you're doing, but demolishing a building doesn't fall under the definition of 'help'! There's hundreds of people out here and you covered half of them in pieces of glass -- Is that him? Who the hell knows? Maybe he was a stockbroker who looked at the Dow Jones and opted for early retirement! -- all we know? We don't know shit, Powell. If there's hostages why hasn't anyone asked for ransom? If there's terrorists, where's their goddamn list of demands? All we know is that someone shot up your car, and it could be the same flake you've been talking to on the radio! What's it look like? We're going in. -- recognizing phony ID's? Christ, Powell, he could be a fucking bartender for all we know! How do you know? He claims? Powell, has it occured to you he could be one of the terrorists, pulling your chain? Or some kind of nut case who -- Then who the hell have you been talking too? Dwayne Robinson. Well, what have you learned? What do they want?Go! Get up there Rachel! Get up there Rachel! Go! Shit! No. You son of a bitch! Get back! We're trapped in this house. Its metal, god dammit its metal. Is there another key? You think she stands a chance? Look. No, no, we have to get out of here right now. Who's that? What's going on? Are you two okay? I am different, it's just that I just got pissed off...that's all. I mean, you blew off our date at last minute. No, you don't understand. Rachel, I've got an expl-- I've got an explanation. Okay, I guess. I'll call you later. So? Can I come over after Jamie's asleep? I'm not angry it's just Well you found out this morning? Why didn't you tell me before? I mean it's 5 o'clock now Rachel...shit When did you find this out? So? What? Okay sure. What about? You do? Okay. Go down aisle A. We've got the best costumes in the whole town. Rachel! What are you doing here? I thought I was supposed to pick you up?Got it Earl. Shit, Earl. It's Ted Holster. Al here lost his boy 10 years back. What the hell did this? No way. No how. Who you calling? Not like 'ol Ben Meeker do something like that.Haddonfield. It's a four hour drive. You can reach me through the local police. If you didn't find him in four hours, I'm sure I will. How many bodies did you find? How many people in the bus? I don't want to have anyone live through that night again. We're not talking about any ordinary prisoner Hoffman! We are talking about evil on two legs. You know damn well about what. You let them take it out of here. Why wasn't I notified? No. Yeah. We'll hear sirens soon. Oh no you can't. I've just been there. That's the first place he'll look for you. Where's the school house? Where is the school house? What are you doing out here alone? Maybe nobody knows how to stop him, but I've got to try. The state police won't know how to stop him. The Corruther's house. That's where Jamie lives, that's where he'll go. Its not over yet. They've survived this ordeal, they'll survive it's memory. Yes. Michael Myers is in hell, buried, where he belongs. How's it powered? Where's the radio? Where's that Deputy? You haven't got a police force! These men may be the only defense you've got. It was Michael Myers. He's come home to kill. Evil. It isn't a man. They didn't know what they were fighting. Dear God. Yes. Least I'm not alone. He's been here. When he makes that call. Find this little girl, get her somewhere safe. Call the local T.V. station. Tell them to get people off the streets and behind locked doors. Its true, Sheriff. Six bodies, Sheriff! That's what I have seen between here and Ridgemont. A filling station in flames. I'm telling you Michael Myers is here in this town. He's here to kill that little girl and anybody that gets in his way. Where ever she is, that little girl is in mortal danger. 10 years ago he tried to kill Laurie Strode, and now he wants her daughter. He's here, Sheriff. Michael Myers has escaped from Ridgemont. He's here in Haddonfield. Oh, Sheriff Meeker, my name is Dr. ... I know that Mr. Sayer. What are you hunting, Mr. Sayer? Sort of. Loomis. Haddonfield. How far are you going, Mr. Sayer? Thank you.Why don't you go make some coffee. All right. Good Good. Logan I want you right here by the front door. This is the dead bolt key. Just do it. Kelly, I want you to close and lock all the downstairs windows. Rachel, take your sister upstairs. First door on the right. Hey. I got a town full of beer bellies running around in the dark with shotguns. Who's gonna be next? Somebody's wife? Somebody's kid? I'll be out on gateway and I doubt I'll be back before the troopers get here. Now I pad locked the back door, this is the only way in and out of this house. You got that? If you'd seen that police station you wouldn't even ask. Making sure that no one can get in here. Get the outside shutters. Go get it. You got your riot gun? Go to my house. We'll call the state force from there. This is 132, over. You look sharp. You understand? Logan, I want you to stay here in case the family gets back. These kids aren't likely to forget. It's over. Batteries. I planned the generator for the house next week. I wished I hadn't waited. This is squawk 79er zero of Haddonfield broadcasting on the state police emergency frequency. Can anyone hear me? Right through the kitchen you'll see the basement stairs. Brady, you know how to use a gun? Be here in a minute. You son of a bitch, you just created a lynch mob. Let it be Earl. Let the police handle it. What is he? Tell me! What the hell are we dealing with? How can a man do this Loomis? Tell me. Oh Christ. They wouldn't have given up without a fight. Oh Christ. Doc... Is that him? Is that him? This is starting to spook me. How do you know? Something? All right. Pierce, do it. Lets check on this little girl. All right, all right. Its true, what the hell can we do to avoid a repeat of what happened 10 years ago? Hank, call the troopers and check his story out. And assuming what you say is true.. Myers has been locked up since before she was born. He's never laid eyes on her. Are you talking about Jamie Lloyd? Why? That's impossible. Michael Myers is an invalid. Loomis. Folks around here aren't likely to forget your face. At least not cops. So what brings you back here after 10 years? I am. Ben Meeker. Jamie! Get away! Calm down. Calm down. Are you all right? Are you all right? Now you understand? All right Rachel, you stay by this radio. The state boys will send word once their in route. When that word comes you go tell deputy Logan. Rachel, Jamie. Thank God!No. Just Riviera trying to fuck with our heads. They're close. Very close. A place to tap in. I can scramble that signal before this place is crawling with guardsmen. What the hell is that? I'm getting used to it. Where are we? If there's a Babylon, man, that's it. We leave her in there, she ain't comin' out, steppin' razor or not. Can you get us into Straylight? What are you doing in here? I find out now. This ain't Bangkok, chief. The antitoxin. I'm not waiting until this is over. Give it to me now or there's no run. As long as you cooperate. I want it now, Armitage. Okay. The floor plans will be a piece of cake. That's nice, but we can't dodge this kind of heat for long. The old man cheats on his wife with her own clone? He's a Sense/Net Chairman. Why would he launch an A.I.? Let's hope she doesn't expect me to swim upstream. Yeah, well it's working. Linked? That could work, but the timing will be a bitch. Really? Do I get to know where I'm going? It makes packing so much easier. He's got a little attitude problem, being that he's dead and all, but he'll come around. Where's Molly? Fried Air Tram in the process. Not to mention half my gear. No, but it traced me. Could be your A.I.'s calling card. What's he doing to my gear? I cannot tell a lie. Sorry. It's just that sometimes I wonder what team I'm playin' on. And then? Working with a dead man. Shit, I've done about everything else. What are you talking about? That's gonna be tough because Dixie McCoy's dead. The A.I. flatlined him. Right. Best cowboy that ever punched deck. The old man taught me most of what I know. I've heard about rogue A.I.'s, but there's only one guy who actually went up against one. Anything rated higher than a P.C.'s got a hard-wired suicide switch. It'll self- destruct. First sign of free will, Sense/Net usually slags 'em. Right. And no one would take on an A.I.... If they had a choice. Why'd you do it, Armitage? You son of a bitch... Thanks, but I was enjoying that dependency. I don't call this fun, pal. You're playing God with my body. Who's running the show, Armitage? This a government sting? It's the people close to me that tend to die... and I get the feeling you and I are going to be real buddies. Terms? Then I'd ask you what your terms are. I'd say you were full of shit. My days of punching deck are over. For you or anybody else. Put the Sense/Net Police on it. The matrix is their turf. What does this have to do with me? You've got an expensive razor girl on me for a reason. I'd like to hear what it is. Then I'm out. I don't give a shit about you or this run. What's inside me, Wintermute. What did your doctors do to me? The access code to your mainframe. Tell me the words. Are you even really alive? Can you read my mind? I prefer distrusting you. It'll keep us honest. Yeah. You're pleasant tonight. I don't have a girl. Fine, Ratz. Thanks. Okay, Dix. You _are_ a ROM construct. Dixie, you know how a ROM construct works? That's a good question. What's the last thing you remember? As far as they know, that's absolutely true. Yeah. That was me. Fine, Dixie. Fine. It's Case. Remember me? Maybe so... Trajectory coordinates and a fuel ratio... If we re-enter over Mexico, we just might make it. We're dead men if we go back there, Maelcom. They'll hunt us down. Do we have enough fuel to make it back to Earth? Ready? Can you walk? The girl 3Jane. We need her. We're doing fine. Take the next right. I an' I, man. I an' I. Help me send this Wintermute motherfucker straight down into it. Maelcom... Do you think there's a hell for computers? She's ready to go. What elders? What about the route to the core? Then I'll fry taking this son of a bitch out. I'm making the run, Dixie. I said, it's coming. Just get me in, man. It's coming. How's the ice? Don't worry, Dix. I'm on a roll. Less than thirty minutes. Not good enough, man. They planted something inside me. I'm on my own countdown. How long, Dixie? How's the ice break? Not for long. It needs me alive and I still need its access code. You got a better idea? I'll let it access me. That'll give you a free shot. Make it a good one. Dix. You can make your move when it comes after me. We run. You crack the pattern? We got problems topside. The run is tomorrow night, Dixie. Can you crack its ice pattern? No. It's gotta be more than that. That hard wiring also keeps it from getting too smart. Too powerful. So it does business through a brain dead marine and runs the stock market for funding. That means Wintermute hired us to fry itself. It doesn't make sense. Wintermute could have infiltrated that machine. Reprogrammed him. Bright enough to be dangerous. It's mutating... spreading like a disease. I have to figure out how to penetrate this thing, Dix... Crack its ice. We gotta get close enough to log the pattern. Can you take me to it? How are we doing? What? What about the A.I., Dix? Sense/Net hasn't even been able to trace it. I duped these prints off him. Can you run an I.D.? Nobody has. A guy who calls himself Armitage. I need its matrix coordinates, Dixie. I've got to nail that thing where it lives. What? You're Dixie McCoy's construct. That makes you something special. Right... Want to fucking answer them? The angels... I think they're calling your name. Wait... You hear that? What about the mainframe's access code? Case. I don't know. I don't know... Where did you here that? I hear that shit once a week. Don't worry. Jo Jo Bao loves me. Why did you come here tonight, Linda? I thought you already left. I'll give it my best shot, mother fucker. I think you're full of shit. Why would you want me to kill you? Shut down your ice patterns. I'll take you out. I'm gonna burn you to the ground, you son of a bitch. And Linda... You set me up from the beginning. It was you that got Julius killed. I know who you are. I'm still going in. Laser fail-safe. You can't get the code wrong... it slags you. I can't let you try it. Shit... Or a little self-indulgent to say the least. No we don't... Then you and Maelcom get out of here before the place is crawling with guardsmen. The code's some riddle of 3Jane's. Once I'm in the matrix, you'll just have to take a shot at it. Is he going to make it? No. It's important to be able to feel those things. We're going to pull this run off, Molly, and we've got to do it soon. I know you have. C'mere. What went down between you and Riviera? That's risky gear. It can drive you schizo. Something exotic I hope. I'll be okay. Yeah... Yeah, I'm fine. Not when Sense/Net throws the going away party. They'll be on our asses from now on. Yeah... fine. They'll cut you down. I don't sleep much. You packed? Shhh... ...Feels like you. It sounds like you. Molly doesn't need a spook suit to get in here. ...Yeah, but the Hosaka's history. The point is, if you unplug me when I'm flatlines, I'm history. I got no way back. Technically, yeah, but people have made it back after as long as three minutes. The first fun's bound to be rough. It that read out fluctuates more than ten points... just pull this out. But if the EEG flatlines, don't touch anything. Suicide. I just needed to set the record straight. Sure. I finally pulled a run on my old man's credit file when I was seventeen... only it was too late for him. When I was fifteen Sense/Net iced my old man's credit record over some computer error. Once that goes down, that's it. He lost his business... everything. It destroyed him. I had to hustle arcade games for chump change. Dixie McCoy found me, figured I was a natural. He taught me the wires for a piece of the action. On a good run... yeah. I'll show you how to tell what's going on. If things go south, you unplug me. I'm not jacking with Armitage and his quacks breathing down my neck. I'm going in. What the fuck... are you serious? The way I feel, believe me, it'll help. How soon is soon enough? I gotta know... did it work> How long have I been out? Holy shit... What? Maybe something's onto him. Then you don't really know who he is, do you? What about before that? He's a resourceful guy, your boss. How long you work for him? Since when do sprawl doctors know more about nerve rehab than the Japanese? Then, fuck you. I'm gone. ... a friend of mine's gonna get herself killed. I need my clip. What's my end? Why should I want to meet him.That's right, me. Surprised? Not for long. We're retiring the Red Cars. People will drive, Mr. Valiant, because they'll have to. And when they drive, they'll have to buy our cars, our tires, our gasoline. A freeway, Mr. Valiant, is eight lanes of asphalt running uninterrupted from L.A. to Pasadena. Pasadena to Hollywood. Hollywood to Santa Monica. Someday everyone will be in cars driving happily, non-stop from one end of the L.A. Basin to another. Right here where we're standing, will be the cornerstone of my idea... the cloverleaf -- an elegant cement structure that intertwines freeways. They won't care. Who's going to miss some ridiculous talking mice when they can have the future? It wasn't Toontown they wanted. It was my idea of how to put the land to better use. No one person is Cloverleaf. We're a vast company with diverse interests... gasoline, tires, automobiles. No matter. I don't expect the will to show up in the next fifteen minutes. By then Cloverleaf will own Toontown quite legally. I've had enough of your insolence! Put him in my car. I think they'll enjoy attending our ribbon cutting at the Acme factory. These roads can be very treacherous at night, especially in a maniacal Toon vehicle. Well, why not? I'm feeling magnanimous tonight. The successful conclusion of this case draws the curtain on my career as a jurist. I'm retiring to take a new role in the private sector. Yes, and for that you're charged with aiding and abetting. But we'll let Santino handle that. You're a very stubborn man, Mr. Valiant. Very pig-headed. Boys, show Mr. Valiant how we handle pig-headed men at the Toontown station... Indeed we are. We'll continue the interrogation there. Oh, not that downtown. Toon town. Take it easy, Bongo. We'll handle Mr. Valiant our own way... downtown. They? Marvin Acme had no will. I should know, the probate is in my court. Being caught breaking and entering is not very good advertising for a detective. What were you looking for, Mr. Valiant? So you wouldn't have any idea where he might be? Yes, I find that weasles have a special gift for the work. The rabbit didn't contact you by any chance, did he? Yes, we talked to Mr. Maroon. He told us the rabbit became quite agitated when you showed him the pictures, and said nothing would stand in the way of him getting his wife back. Is that true?There's no time to take it easy! You don't realize the diabolical mind we're dealing with! You tricked me, damn you! You got the will in there, don't ya? No, you gotta understand, Valiant, I had nothin' to do with Acme gettin' killed. I just wanted to sell my studio. But they wouldn't buy my property unless Acme would sell his. And he wouldn't. So I was gonna blackmail Acme with pictures of him and the rabbit's wife. No... I'm not. I'm a cartoon maker, not a murderer. Valiant! You surprised me. Meet me at my studio at nine o'clock. If you've got the will maybe we can stop this thing. Have you got the will? I've already seen your photographs. Valiant? What're you doin' here? Sure, Valiant, sure... Frankly, I'm shocked. Marvin Acme's been my friend and neighbor for thirty years. When will I hear from you? I got him on loan from Disney. A hundred bucks? That's ridiculous. You don't have to. The rabbit's wife sings at an underground Toon revue joint called The Ink & Paint Club. You can catch her in action there. Get me a couple juicy pictures. Somethin' I can wise the rabbit up with. Here's the problem... "Seen cooing over calamari with notsonew Sugar Daddy was Jessica Rabbit... wife of Maroon star, Roger". His wife's a tramp, but he thinks she's Betty Crocker. The doubt's eatin' him up. Nah, that goes with the territory. He's a stunt bunny. Yeah, and there's no business as expensive. I'm twenty-five grand over budget on the latest Bunnysitter cartoon and it's all because that rabbit can't keep his mind on his work. And you know why? How much do you know about show business, Valiant? So what? He's already put me three weeks behind on the shooting schedule! Valiant, did you see the rabbit?Don't worry about me. I can take it. Please, Raoul. I can give you stars, I know I can. Just drop the safe on my head one more time. A tweeting bird? From this box here... And I'm glad you got your sense of humor back. Think you'll keep it? I guess I am at that. Cigar? Hey, it's the will. I, Marvin Acme, of sound mind and body, hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo, do hereby bequeath in perpetuity the property known as Toontown to those loveable characters... Good idea. Yeah? That's because it's Disappearing-Reappearing Ink. Shows up three days later. Gives you enough time to get away from the victim so he doesn't punch you in the nose. Great gag. Not before I satisfy my sense of moral outrage. I followed you to the Maroon Studios. When I heard those shots, I thought I'd help you and investigate the inside of this trunk. Yeah? Two bits. You know, Eddie, I'm not as much of a chump, and a patsy, a yokel as you think. I tell you what, maybe I better come with you. Gee, Eddie, you're not gonna go, are ya? Maroon'll be layin' for ya at nine o'clock. Wrong number? I'll get it. Safe? Him? Oh, he was vile, heinous, despicable... a smear on the drafting board. A Toon? Noooo. Gee, you shamuses are a tough audience, but what happened to you that was so dark, lurid, embittering? Gee, I didn't recognize you... I've never seen you laugh before. That your brother makin' the rabbit ears? Say, who's this guy laughin'? So what's our plan, our scenario, our modus operandi? Valiant and Valiant? Who's the other Valiant? Oh, Eddie, that was quick thinkin'. Nothin' like usin' the old noggin, the noodle, the grey matter... But, Eddie, you know what happens when... A blindfold, cigarette, noseplugs? Just kidding. I've met some cynical and miserable humans in my time. But you, Edward Valiant, are positively funereal! A laugh can be a powerful thing, Eddie. Sometimes it's the only weapon we have in life. Well... I still don't think he'd turn me in. Angelo? He's a pal, a chum... But that's my calling, my purpose, my raison d'etre. Toons are supposed to make people laugh... and believe me, those people needed a laugh. Hey, don't I get an encore? Well, Mr. Smarty-Pants Detective, your logic is specious. What prevented Mr. Acme from putting the will back in the safe before they killed him? How do you know that? The habeus corpus is thickening. I resent that innuendo! My wife is completely innocent. My philosophy is if you don't have a sense of humor, you're better off dead. Well, no, not any time. Only when it was funny. Does this help? Sorry, Eddie, I forgot you're not a Toon. Eddie Valiant... you're under arrest! Just kidding... Gee, Eddie, I'm a rabbit. We always run. Don't do that! I'm innocent I tell ya. The police'll just dip me. They were waitin' for me when I got home last night. I ran. Well, I asked the newsboy on the corner. He didn't know. Then I asked a janitor, the fireman and finally the green grocer down the way. He was very helpful. Don't worry, Eddie, no one knows I'm here. I needed a place to hide. I'm in trouble, Eddie. Aah! Divorce? Never! Pattycake! Pattycake!Yeah? Does he wear pants this color? So where is it then? My problem is I come here to drink in peace. So if you don't mind... You mean the rabbit? They got him cold. I know who you are. Kinda out of your neighborhood, aren't you? Big on the musical comedy, huh? Shoulda guessed. Yeah, you still got it, Betty. Who's Mr. Jocularity? Wish I could say the same. What're you doin' here, Betty? That'll work out just fine. When this thing is over, I'll take you to Catalina. How does that sound? What've I got to lose? You okay, Dolores? I'll bet. Oh, no... What's that comin' from the bar? What the hell would they want with a gag factory? Maroon, right? Probably lookin' for a good place to stick a knife. That was the rabbit's wife. Yeah, do that. I'm gonna go rattle Maroon's cage. Then why'd they bother to crack the safe? You can drop a Mosler 90 from Mount Baldy and it won't open. Maybe Baby Herman was right. Somebody wants Acme's property. Cack the old man, pin it on Roger, and destroy the will. If I can find whoever wanted to kill Acme bad enough to get this. I oughta have my head examined. Will you hold still? Oh, yeah? Well, you're not handcuffed to him. Anybody in the back room? Dolores, meet Roger Rabbit. He's a Toon... who cares? Stick to stuffin' the olives, willya, Dolores? Thanks for the vote of confidence. I don't wanna think. I wanna drink. No kiddin'? Bought the Red Cars, huh? What are you complaining about? Here's your fifty bucks. Check the scrawl. You'll have it in the morning. Now be a sport and lemme have twenty bucks to put in my pocket. Would this be the same dame who's going to feel awfully foolish when she finds out I've got her money. You? Not really. Only a Toon could think of something as goofy as that freeway idea. Holy shit, he's a Toon! That's what this is all about? Tell me, who's gonna use your lousy freeway? We got the Red Cars, the best public transportation in the country. What the hell's a freeway? Don't you think anyone's gonna notice that Toontown's gone? Come on, Doom. What would a company like that want with Toontown? So you're Cloverleaf? The pot's callin' the kettle maniacal. Yeah? Well, don't expect the Toons to give you a gold watch. I don't think it's gonna matter. Sorry, pal, I tried. I ain't tellin' you nothin'! Get me Santino. You're not takin' me to downtown Toon town? Downtown? Fine. Get a hold of Santino, I'd be more than glad to talk to him. The other people who were in here lookin' for the will. I woulda caught 'em if Cheetah here hadn't interrupted me. They must've taken it off me. He had a will, all right. She took it off Acme the night she and R.K. Maroon knocked him off. Then she set up her loving husband to take the fall. Ask her... Have you tried Walla Walla? Kokomo's very nice this time of year. Why would he contact me? I just took some lousy pictures. Men? They look more like weasles to me. Hey, pal, do I look like a stenographer? He's not my client. I was workin' for R.K. Maroon. Not much. It's hard to talk. No... What am I, Earl? Toon cops worked me over. Earl... it's me, Valiant. Hold on a second. Lemme guess where you got that from. Tell me somethin', what'd you ever see in that guy anyway? A joker to the end. So where is it? How did you get onto Doom? He's right here in the... We're even. By the way, I did find your husband. Why didn't you tell me? Lady, I guess I had you pegged wrong. You shot Roger. Cause I don't take Acme Dumb Pills. I don't know what you're up to, lady, but I'm gonna nail you for the Acme murder. So altruistic. I'm not complainin'. But give me credit. I'm the guy who took the pictures of you and Acme playin' pattycake, remember? Yeah, well, you don't know how hard it is bein' a man looking at a woman looking the way you do. Oh, sure. I can just feature you standin' outside your little hutch, holdin' a carrot cake waitin' for hubby to come home. Yeah, I'll bet you would. You gotta have the rabbit to make the scam work. No? I guess we're not counting lying, stealing and murder. Come on, lady, haven't you ever seen a mole before? Okay, you've seen me. Now give me a towel. That's because I don't have a doorbell. Look, doll, if I wanted underwear, I woulda broken into Frederick's of Hollywood. I was lookin' for Marvin Acme's will. Doom. What's with the dip? Where'd this gargoyle come from anyway? What a gasser. Just haven't been this close to Toontown for awhile. That's what you woke me up for? Take it easy. No, I don't. Well, everybody needs a hobby. You're not too good at this, are you, R.K.? That was the idea. Stop what? Maybe. Why? Maroon? Whaddaya want? Yeah, but I enlarged this one. Thought you might be interested. I Just thought I'd drop by and show you a photograph. Hi, Mr. Maroon. Remember me? Son-of-a-bitch... Mr. Maroon, I think I'll be goin' now, so about the rest of my fee... Well, you better start thinkin' about drinkin' it black. As soon as is humanly possible. Aren't you the lucky one... So's the job. The job's gonna cost you a hundred bucks. I don't work in Toontown. So what do you want me to do? One too many safes dropped on his head? Only there's no business like it, no business I know. He was blowin' his lines, all right. So what? Pretty good cigar. Where'd you get it? Only time will tell. By the way, Roger, you were right about your wife. She's a good lady. I'm glad you got her back. No, kid, you're a real hero. Keep reading... I think you oughta read it to her. Say Roger, remember that love letter you wrote your wife at the Ink & Paint Club? Yeah... That's not blood. That's ink. That goof Acme squirted me with some the other day. Why it's comin' 'through now, I don't know. Real good, Rog... but maybe you better let me take over. What the hell are you doin' in there? ... I'd head for Cucamonga. If I don't make it back here by ten... I rest my case. How much is a shave and a haircut, Roger? Forget it. That's why I'll be there at 8:45. No, it's not. Get away from there. Piano. Guy got away, disappeared into Toontown. Nobody ever saw him again. Yeah, everybody thought so. But me and Teddy got a kick out of Toons. All Toons. We couldn't see the bad in 'em. And when this guy was accused of knockin' over the First National Bank of Toontown, we took his case. But when we looked into it, we found out he did do it after all. We went to his house to take him in. But he was wise. He got the drop on us... literally. Yeah, a Toon. It was the guy who killed Bambi's mother. You wanna know? Well, since you're so goddamn curious, I'll tell ya. One of you Toons killed my brother. You damn Toon! No wonder they picked you for the patsy. Always gotta play the fool. You make me sick! What is this, Twenty Questions? Me. We can't do anything till it's dark. My brother. Get inside. If I'm so smart, how come I'm runnin' from the law with a Toon? Drink it, jerk. All of it. Here you go, kid... say hi to Casper for me. I think you want a drink. How about it, Judge? Hey, doesn't the rabbit even get a last request? Well, right now it's gonna be your funereal. I think I prefer the Smith and Wesson variety. Just because you got 'em to laugh? An arsonist and a kidnapper. He just got outta prison. And when they're done laughin' , they're gonna call the cops. That guy Angelo would rat on you for a nickel! Why, you crazy Toon... I've been out there riskin' my neck for you. I come back here and you're singin' and dancin'. Because he's not forty feet tall. The safe was up on the ceiling, remember? Well, Acme had the will in his pocket that night at the club. It was gone in the morning when the cops found the body. Yeah. Except they screwed up. I don't think they got the will. Your wife may be a lot of things, pal, but innocent isn't one of them. Yeah. I think Maroon plays the part of the sound mind, your wife the sound body. Yeah... well you just might get your wish. Are you always this funny, or only on days when you're wanted for murder? You mean to tell me you coulda taken your hand outta that cuff at any time? Yeah, that's better. Don't ever forget that. Hey! What do you think you're doin'? You idiot. I lost the key for those cuffs. If you're so innocent, why'd you run? Look, pal, if you're still here when I finish this drink, I'm callin' the police. In other words, the whole goddamn world knows you're here! Out! Get out! Oh, yeah? Then how'd you find my house? So I hear. Even talkin' to you could get me a rap for aiding and abetting. What the hell are you doin'? Aah! My advice? Hop on over to Reno, get yourself a quickie divorce. Baker's man... but no use ruinin' a good pair of shoes over it.He seems to have won it. The Italian, I presume? You're right. You're fired. Yes. Of course. Very wise. Good afternoon. I thought it was Spanish that you spoke? I'll send Cardoza, he'll be able to... It can't be true! No! What's happened?? What d'you mean? My God! I'm glad I didn't go. Did the driver really freeze? I said that the file is incomplete. Johana, am I boring you? This is good work... unfortunately it's incomplete. Could you eat a sandwich 40 floors above the street.The fool was asleep! If I weren't around, he'd already be dead!!! Is that who you want to live with? That idiot! Because he won't understand and it will just hurt you... Jacques has been put on earth by complete mistake. And he's only waiting for one thing: that some God up there will turn him into a fish! How long has that moron been down there? Don't. You told Bonita, but you didn't tell him, right? You really think so? Did you tell him you were pregnant? No. Jacques is a creature of the sea. He isn't meant to live on earth, among us... You should know this, Johana. I dive in search of God. If I go deep enough I'm going to find him. Because you'd laugh. You risk your life when you cross the street. What else is there? Checking out the competition. Okay, now we have a good five minutes to have a nice peaceful talk. Jacques! Johana! No, it's the recipe for spaghetti "Frutti del mare". You see I was right in getting you out here. You're a world champion, my friend! Yes, the Mamma is is there. Sinister is what I'd call it...! Ours is so much cheerful! Why don't you come and stay with me... There's plenty of room in my suite. You going to sleep here, all by yourself? And the lights! Running lights, stealing stretchers...! You'll have us in jail. Don't you agree, Jacques? ... It's easy. You go down. You come up. ... Right, Johana? Tonight we're having a little party among ourselves. 8 o'clock in my suite? Listen to her! "That's what he's here for"! He's here to loose, that's what he's here for. First of all, I'm unbeatable. Second, how old are you? He looks me in the eye like some fuckin' gold fish, and says: "I'm going to beat you". Huh? Well listen to him! Do you hear that? Italy! Exactly! What is it Johana? You're so crazy about him, you don't see the truth?! Little. Very little. And skinny, very skinny too. That is compared to me. Forever. We used to live on the same island in Greece, when we were kids. He looks strange, doesn't he? Like a baby that just learned to walk. Yes, of course, I'll do the Hula! I'll take you there. We'll live in the sun. You'll cook fresh fish and we'll make love under the coconut trees. A new world record! That's great! It gives me something to beat tomorrow! You ever been to Tahiti? Some people say it's the most virile sport in the world. One has to admit that when you see those men diving head first in that deep blue sea, all muscles contracted in one super human effort... I might have known. As I was telling you earlier, I'm the world champion free diver. Where did you two meet? A spaghetti del mare for the super dedicated traveling insurance agent. It's the Free Diving World Championship. I am by the way world champion! This is a great pleasure. Enzo Molinari. You know each other? I tell you she's mine! In my village, we have a saying: when the wind blows, the flags of all nations flap in the same direction. Dollars. Ten thousand. How many are, down there? How did it happen? Is he here? "That"! This is not a "that"... I'm meditating, can't you see? Jacques does two hours of yoga before going down. I can take a five minute nap, can't I? Eh? Si! Avanti! Very chic. Anyway, you don't have anything else, do you? Find the Frenchman. Find me Mayol. A rosary for Mama, a dress for Then tell him to wax it too. Have the car painted. Roberto? How long? Hey! D'you have any other complaints? Just make a list and we'll stick it on the porthole! Okay? Try speaking to me? And... does the voice come back? What's with the voice? And where did you say you were from? ... What's your name again? Listen we're not supposed to piss either but that doesn't stop you from carrying "it" on board?! It isn't lit yet. Plenty of women everywhere right? Jacques, take me back down... Please. ... Push me back in the water... ... It is much better down there. It's a better place. You were right. Well that's very nice of you. You say that because you have the title! I'm concentrating. Long enough to die. Listen, if you really want to die, that's your problem, but don't do it under my nose, okay? That's good. Thank you, thank you very much! It's never the sea! It's Roberto, Mamma, that stupid actress... Oh shit! Jacques, what do you know? Anybody can have a bad day! I give you this. You're stubborn... Dumb, but stubborn. You'd rather think about it and make yourself miserable? ... I was seventeen, I loved her so much I tried to die for her. Two years later I couldn't even remember her name! Let me tell you, time erases everything! So what!? His job is to hand out the paychecks. And he does that very well, let me tell you. No problem, I enjoy talking in my sleep. Oh it's nothing. I knew it. I told Roberto "He's very good that little Frenchman, very good". I lost my title but I won a watch! You don't have that one, do you? You still collect them? Little presents, nothing much... I knew it, I just knew it! Look here! Here... Here... The dolphins aren't the only ones who don't feel very good sometimes. You don't need a stretcher to take her with you. You know that, don't you? Hey! Will you slow down! When did you learn how to drive? ... I'm listening. Because pasta should be eaten "Al Dente". So the trinket will just have to wait a bit. Look at me. These aren't lungs. These are... Tanks. How long can you hold your breath? As I said, second of all you're too skinny. You've got tiny lungs. I still don't understand how you can dive without getting sick. Why? Everything about what? No... It depends... Sometimes they are... What, exactly do you want to know? Ah ha. You finally want to know about women. Why? Then, it's very chic. Avanti! Get in the car! C'mon, you two... Jacques, we have to get ready for the ceremony tonight. We have a new world champion. ... And his friend, Johana... Ahi, ahi, cazzo! Ma mamia! Where...? God, she'll kill me... ... if she catches me eating pasta in a restaurant. What? Not at all! Forget it. I was joking. Damn right! That's what I tell them when people say you've turned into a fish. So, not married. Well, good for you. You play the field, like me. A girl in every port, huh? Me neither, 'cause of my Mother. She's a curse, my Mamma, a tornado. Stubborn as a mule! I was engaged... for a week. After that, Mamma was so mad, I tell you, pasta was bouncing off the walls. ... You married? How do you make a living? Your experiments, does it pay well? Well, what are they? ... So, after all these years, you must have lots of questions to ask. Am I right? Not only is Jacques Mayol a very special friend, but he happens to be one of the best divers in the world! And you're throwing him out! Are you crazy, or what? Stupido! You don't have a room? Paolo? What did I just hear? I personally called you to reserve a room for my good friend Jacques Mayol and you treat him like a stranger?! What room have you got? That's too easy! Every time I beat a record there's always some dumbshit asking me: "D'you know that French guy, Mayol? He's supposed to be very good! Too bad he doesn't compete." So, you're going to come with me to Taormina! First, because you're my friend and second, because you don't have one reason to keep on spoiling my pleasure. ... I'll see you there... No. All you need is to want to be the best. Because I'm sure you're dying to beat me. They say I'm like Lazarus. You know, the guy who was raised from the dead?! I dove 315 feet! That's good. You never would have recognized me, huh? Check out the suit! Looking good, no? You know I'm the world champion? Jacques, my friend, how are you? If you did mind, you'd tell me, wouldn't you? You don't mind if I go instead, do you? Well, if it isn't the little Frenchman! How is the little Frenchman?I can't. ... I was right about what? No! I would never cheat you. It's not safe, they say. The doctors say it isn't possible to go deeper and live. Free diving is over as a sport. We can't dive anymore. They want to cancel the competition for a while. ... How long was I asleep? Enzo, don't be angry. I was lucky... that's all. Enzo, Enzo! Congratulations! I've had many... when the sea doesn't want you. Thank you. ... Yes. I don't want to erase anything. He doesn't like us. Can I come in? No. Thank you. It's really beautiful. Yes. What is it? What? Good night. Driving isn't the problem, it's remembering the right road. No, I have to ask you a favor... You're the only one who'll understand. Tell me, why don't you go and get your medal? The size of the lungs has nothing to do with it! Two years younger than you. If we don't... I'm going to beat you. Well... about everything. ... Everything. Why? Are they what's most important? Today at lunch, you asked me if I had any questions. ... For the mermaids. No. I'm a little tired, I don't know if... Madame... Your mother? Enzo? You're staying at the hotel? No, no! People say that? Exactly, I mean, after all, we're men! No. It's okay. That's good. I'm sorry... I don't know how to ask the questions. Yes, of course. Lots of questions. Enzo drop it, I'll find something. It's okay, Enzo. I'll go somewhere else. I don't have one. I remember. Hi Roberto! You're the best, Enzo! I don't want to be in any competition... I dive because I like to, not to beat a record... don't you have to be very mad at somebody to want to beat him? Why? Great! Yes, I know. Enzo... No... Fine! Anything. That's good... that's wonderful. It's wonderful for you. I saw how it has to be. Because you have to find a good reason to come back up again... And I always have a hard time finding one. ... The feeling of slipping without falling... The hardest is once you are at the bottom. You want to lie down for a while? What's wrong? You go back, I'll walk. I'm putting you on the coin... Your essence... That way you'll always be with me when I dive. What? I don't know... it didn't feel right. I'm going to bed. I'm tired. I didn't dive. Uncle Louis. He's a 75 year old amazing guy, isn't he? You'll understand. Absolutely positive. ... Not at all. Hello? You go down to the bottom of the sea, where the water isn't even blue anymore, where the sky is only a memory... and you float there, quietly, quietly and stay there... and you decide that you will die for them... Only then do they start coming out. They come and greet you and they judge the love you have for them... If it's sincere. If it's pure... They will be with you and take you away forever. Do you know how it is? Do you know what you're supposed to do to meet a mermaid? Uh... Ah! A story? ... It's hard you know. You're so far away and I don't know what else to say. I'm still here. ... That's funny... I had this job with Enzo... we got fired too. How are you? Hello? But it's not true, I feel good with you... It feels right... I'm not from the sea... I don't understand what you're talking about. Why? I did? Uh... Yes, of course! I don't know, I just feel it. She's not like the others. She can't stand to be away from the sea. ... The way she moves. ... No? You... You wouldn't want to spend the day with me? I'm glad you stayed. Thank you. Give it to me. No. I want to show you. Is it ruined? My wallet. You jumped in? Please move slowly, you're rocking the boat. Thank you... It's too loud for me. Maybe on earth there is one... but not when you dive... You see, to dive deep into the sea, for no reason... just to do it. It's a feeling... I don't know how to say this... Voluptuous? Yes... Maybe... I don't know. I don't like competitions... It ruins the fun. Don't you think? I don't know... why? I thought it was a nice place. Isn't it? No, no. You'll like it. It's superb. But what brought you to Sicily? Please, have a seat. In the lake? I recognize you. Ah?! Yes, but... So, you haven't got a room left? This is the hotel San Domenico? ... Are you sure? Louis, we were French! Uncle Louis, you remember Enzo's mother Signora Molinari from Amorgos? Uncle Louis, we have a guest! It's my apartment. Well... here. Uncle Louis! He doesn't hear too well. Johana... New York. No, no. Johana is visiting me. I brought Johana to meet you. Uncle Louis, this is my friend Johana. What? No. You shouldn't dive everyday, Papa.Thank you, friend. Out for a little ride in the coun- try, Airk? Just get me some horses. Then come with us. They're not after me. They want the baby. Is this what's left of your army? You left me to die, friend. Gimme a sword, Airk. I'll win your war for you. Airk! Come on, Airk. Lemme outa here. Least I'm not down there herding sheep! Nothing you wouldn't have done it my place! He thought you were a woman, Airk! We'll probably die here, Sorsha. Sorsha. Because it's true. Say what? I'm not going to let this baby die. Too bad you're not more like your father. Mmmm, I love the smell of a woman. Gawd...you're...beautiful... Why not? I can't. I can't. No. I mean yes. Can you use your magic to get our men into the fortress, Raziel? We're a tiny version of all that? Who is that girl, anyway? Then you get us out of here. He turned that monster into stone! Willow, why don't you use your mag- ic to get us out of here? I don't know, Willow. Willow, this is war, not agricul- ture! Watch it! She's a bird, Willow. Willow...this may be a bad time to ask this question but...what if Raziel's wrong? Want me to carry Elora? What are you gonna become, Raziel? Queen of the rodents? She's in love. Well what did she say? Willow! Come on, Peck, don't give me a hard time. You were in her ten all night. Did she say anything? Did she ask about me? I'm beginning to think you two deserve to be locked up. I won't. Yeah me. King! But she betrayed me. She robbed me of my dream. I was in love once, Willow. She had a hold on my heart. I could barely function. I was a great swordsman! I was knighted! I could have been king! My help? A great magician like you? You don't need any help. The Fairy Queen? And the baby here's a princess? And these two rodents are your guides? So you're on your way to Tir Asleen, huh? I hate to tell you this, Willow, but Tir Asleen dosn't exist. I did? When I left the crossroads, I got ambushed by an elf! Now Willow, I know you're gonna blame me for this but it wasn't my fault...! I thought you had her! Because she's sick. Time to leave. These Pecks make terrible nurse- maids. Where the hell did you come from? Don't worry, Willow. She's in good hands. You haven't made a mistake. Of course! I promise! Absolutely! I will. Nobody's gonna take your baby. Know why? Nobody cares... Except me. You wanna go back to your farm. You wanna go back to your family. I could take care of that baby. I'll look after her like she was me own. Whatcha thinkin' about, Willow? I'll be around long after you're dead, Airk! You slime! When I get outa here I'll cut your head off and stick it on a pig-pole! You hear trouble. The greatest swordsman that ever lived. Smells like a battle. These burns. My arms. Ouch... Farmer! I knew it! You're a vic- tim, Willow. Yep, you and me: victims of a rotten, corrupt, cor- rupt, rotten world. You a woodcutter? As if you care. I saved your life, Peck. Those guys woulda killed us! You wanna give your baby to them?? They eat babies! Thanks for your help, Peck. Peck! Quick! Douse the fire! Why. Miserable Pecks. Don't make me angry, Peck. Please? I'm dyin' of thirst in here.They look like acorns. Why can't you do it? You have mag- ical powers. No I'm not. Have you really looked at me? I'm short! Even for a Nelwyn! You need a warrior for this job. I'm nobody. What is Tir Asleen? Me? You mean, you know who this baby belongs to? Yes...? Oh, if I could do that I'd--I'd turn Burglekutt into a toad! I don't want courage. I don't want to be a warrior. All I've ever wanted was to do magic, real magic, like you! If I'm not strong enough to be your apprentice, how can I do this? My family found this baby in the river, High Aldwin. It's a matter of great importance to me! Sir! I have to talk to you. Madmartigan, you promised me you'd take care of Elora Danan like your own daughter. She is all that matters. Are you going to abandon her? I know, I know! But this is a way to get into that castle... I have an idea. Back in my village we catch a lot of hedgehogs. Ahhh! That's my fault, not hers. I've got to keep practicing. I'm still in the learning stage but magic, Madmartigan, requires concentration and-- She can't be wrong. She's a very very very powerful sorceress. I'm used to her. How's she doing? Madmartigan! I can't stand being in closed-in places. You? You're crazy. I think you're in love. She asked about you, Madmartigan. She said lots of thing.s Who? The universe is a living creature, like you and me, Madmartigan. I'll help you...! You? Madmartigan, I need your help. Yes it does. The Fairy Queen told me. Madmartigan! You saved her life! Elora Danan! Where's the baby?? Because she's sick. Time to change her diaper. Nursemaid?! Hey! Give me that baby! You!! Here are her diaper rags. And this is her milk bladder. And when she cries--she's either hungry or she's tired--rock her on your left shoulder. She likes that. And give her a bath everyday, and don't let her get cold. And keep her diaper changed. Fresh goat's milk. You gotta promise to feed her. You don't know anything about ba- bies. I hate this. Friend of yours? What is it? What's that? I hear something! Are you a warrior? You all right? Farmer. I don't know. Are you okay? Hey! Somebody's coming! I have to give this baby to some- body. Do any other daikinis ever come by here? You be careful. I'm a powerful sorcerer. I could turn you into a toad just like that. Good. How long will it take? What a great son you are, Ranon. I wish I could take you with me. Now go to sleep... Daikinis are giant people who live far far away. Absolutely not. No, it's too big to be a Nelwyn baby. It looks like a daikini... Courage, Willow. Surrender!! She's too powerful, Raziel I've come all this way and now Elora Dana's going to die! Why? Raziel! I transformed them all! I'm a magician! I did it! Madmartigan! Come here! Look! You gotta see this! I did it! How?? There's nobody here. I just wanted to test it first. His will. What'd you bit me for!! Ouch!! Oooh, this smells terrible. But what am I gonna transform?? I can't remember all these things. What am I learning? The limitless power of... I must concetrate my imagination...to creat a new...reality! How am I gonna do that? I'm all finished. Now what? I know, and the magician's goal is to find his true self. But what's this got to do with it? I hope she's all right. How much more do I have to do of this? What do I need for that? That's all I ever wanted! No. No! We need your help. To take this baby to Tir Asleen. She's a prin- cess. I'm Willow Ufgood. I'm here to find Fin Raziel. Here. Hold her. She's hungry. I don't know much about him. Madmartigan. She needs to be changed again. Sorsha crosses her arms in a hugg and watches as Willow changes the baby. Soon the baby stops crying. Re- lieved yet still anxious, Sorsha paces to a mirror. Willow rocks the baby gently, absently looking at the fire. Then his eyes focus on the fire. She needs to be changed. If you rest the baby on your shoulder, she'll stop crying. This can't be right. This isn't a sorceress. This is some kind of animal. Without Raziel we'll never find Tir Asleen. We'd better go. We've traveled a long way. We're looking for Fin Raziel. How are we going to get out there? How do these work I wonder? I got- ta save one to show the High Aldwin. I can't see anything--she's too bright! This is not going well. Why not? Ohhh, I hate this. I'm getting her out of there! Who?? Queen Cherlindrea?