ARON	m	Nearly missed it!
ARON	m	Hey. Are you doing the east pike? Can I come along with you for a while?
ARON	m	I'm on my own. I'm Aron.
KRISTI	f	(looking at Megan) Sure, I'm Kristi.
MEGAN	f	Megan.
ARON	m	Nice to meet you. What a day.
KRISTI	f	It's beautiful.
ARON	m	Did you bike or come straight from the trail head?
KRISTI	f	We left the car there. Pretty quiet.
ARON	m	I left mine at the Horseshoe Canyon and biked here.
MEGAN	f	You biked from Horseshoe? That's 20 miles or more.
ARON	m	17 and windy.
ARON	m	I do this a lot.
ARON	m	Wasn't expecting to see anyone in the canyon today.
MEGAN	f	Yeah, you surprised us, sneaking up like that.
ARON	m	Sorry.
MEGAN	f	It's kind of nervy seeing a lone guy walking up to you in the middle of the desert.
ARON	m	Yeah, I know, I mean there's no one around for 50 miles.
KRISTI	f	... and suddenly there's a guy right behind you and `wait a minute, why is he wearing a HOCKEY
ARON	m	Let me guess... You're here for the paintings or the Cathedral?
KRISTI	f	The Cathedral? We've got a bit disorientated and the map isn't great. Where is it?
ARON	m	The climb's a little tricky but it's worth it.
KRISTI / MEGAN	f	We climb.
ARON	m	There's thousands of holds but you can't see them until you're almost upside down and then they just keep appearing... it's a bit of a act of faith so I'll go first... take off as much as you dare as there's a bit of a surprise at the other end...
ARON	m	I swear I won't look but I swear you won't care when you get out here...
ARON	m	... and the thing is, when you get to the middle...
ARON	m	... there aren't any more.
MEGAN	f	Are you ok? ARON!
KRISTI	f	Of course he's ok. Listen to him.
KRISTI	f	Got to be there, Meg.
MEGAN	f	We've got to go again. And film it!
MEGAN	f	I really can't eat all this chocolate by myself... Never mind, yes I can!
KRISTI	f	So have you got a girlfriend, Aron?
ARON	m	Well, there's not really anyone special.
MEGAN	f	Ah, so there's lots of girlfriends.
KRISTI	f	There's always a girl, you just don't know it yet.
MEGAN	f	Yeah, we meet lots of guys and there's always a girl.
ARON	m	Long story.
KRISTI	f	With lots of characters in it.
MEGAN	f	Wow, highest person in Colorado.
ARON	m	Well I figure no one else is mad enough to climb in the winter.
KRISTI	f	... you can be the highest person on the continent!
MEGAN	f	Didn't you see it?
ARON	m	What? No.
MEGAN	f	Yeah, it's an old cattle guardian's house - the roof's caved in and someone spray-painted MOTEL 6 on the side. Smelled weird though.
ARON	m	Just like a MOTEL 6 then?
KRISTI	f	Why are you on your own?
ARON	m	Solitude. Great tunes. Empty mind.
ARON	m	And I can sing Phish songs as loud as I like.
MEGAN	f	Phish?
KRISTI	f	Not those guys from...
ARON	m	Yeah, I know, I know.
	?	See, that's why I'm on my own. Nobody likes me or my band.
ARON	m	I'll get this. Leave no trace.
ARON	m	Hey, but I like a beer like the next man. You know, end of the day.
ARON	m	I'm not certified yet but that's what I want to do.
MEGAN	f	An illegal instructor.
ARON	m	It's hard to get the hours to qualify. Catch 22.
KRISTI	f	Well, we'll sign your time-card today.
ARON	m	Great. Now put your ass on my head.
KRISTI	f	Okay but don't look and no grabbing now, if I do...
MEGAN	f	Oh whatever, you love it.
KRISTI	f	Shhh!
ARON	m	(at his most instructor- ish, talking all the time as he makes his way down) You'll have to chimney down a little ways - like here, watch - one foot on each wall then squat onto your right heel, now your butt's on the wall, so you can move your right foot across, now put your left foot under your butt lower down and scootch your butt down - watch that black part, it's slick, slime, try not to get it on your shoes - if you can get to these bomber handholds here it's like an elevator shaft and just think friction to control the slide. This is a keeper so always have someone at the bottom to boost you out.
MEGAN	f	I didn't understand any of that.
MEGAN	f	Kristi, I think this is our way back.
ARON	m	Why don't you come with me to the Big Drop Rappel? I can give you a lift back to your car.
KRISTI	f	How far is it?
ARON	m	About another 8 miles or so, I think.
MEGAN	f	You'll never get out before dark.
ARON	m	No, I really got to do this. Anyway I've my miner's lamp.
MEGAN	f	You don't climb at night, do you?
ARON	m	No, it's great for seeing snakes in hand holds. Can I get a picture then?
ARON	m	Listen, my friends are having a party tomorrow night. You should come.
KRISTI	f	Yeah, we'd like that. What time?
MEGAN	f	Where?
ARON	m	Drive on the east road and about 40 miles out there's a huge inflatable Scooby Doo. You can't miss it. Turn off and it's about 2 miles down that track. Starts late and it'll go right thru.
KRISTI	f	Come on Aron, hike out with us - we'll go get your truck, hang out and have a beer.
ARON	m	No, I really got to do this.
KRISTI	f	Okay. Scooby Doo, yeah?
ARON	m	That's the one. I'll have 3 cold beers waiting for us.
MEGAN	f	12 cold beers!
ARON	m	Easy Aron, easy now.
CD RECORDING	m	Good evening Las Vegas... are you having a good time? Are you ready for PHISH!
ARON	m	Won't be coming back this way.
ARON	m	Yep.
ARON	m	FUCK, get your hand out of there!
ARON	m	No, no... more water.
ARON	m	Relax. Stop. Come on.
ARON	m	FUCK! What the fuck? How the fuck did you get your hand trapped by a fucking boulder? Its crushed, it's fucking dying man!
ARON	m	Not good.
ARON	m	When in a hole....
ARON	m	Fuck. It's hard as iron. You're gonna have to cut your arm off.
ARON	m	Shit!
ARON	m	Shit!!!
ARON	m	Sweet.
MARK	m	Wow, look at the size of this one.
MARK	m	How the fuck did this get there?
ARON	m	Cool.
ARON	m	Aahhhhh.
RAVEN	?	Caw-caw.
ARON	m	Caw-caw.
RANA	f	OK - lights off and line up alongside me.
RANA	f	On the other side of this line, everything will be different.
RANA	f	And remember, stick together, the desert wants to kill you.
ARON	m	It's three-oh-five on Sunday. This marks my twenty-four-hour mark of being stuck in Blue John Canyon above the Big Drop. My name is Aron Ralston. My parents are Donna and Larry Ralston of Englewood, Colorado. Whoever finds this, please make an attempt to get this to them. Be sure of it. I would appreciate it.
ARON	m	So... I was hiking Blue John Canyon yesterday... and this happened.
ARON	m	What you're looking at there is my arm, going into the rock... and there it is, stuck. It's been without circulation for 24 hours.
ARON	m	It's pretty well gone. If the colour doesn't come across on the video, it's grey and blue.
ARON	m	Unnhhhhh.......I'm in deep stuff.
ARON	m	So I have very little water.
ARON	m	Yeah, I have about a third of a litre left.
ARON	m	So the way I see it... there's kind of four things happening here... I tried to move it with some rigging... useless... and I tried chipping away at the rock... I think part of the problem is, is that my hand is actually supporting the rock. Which means every time I chip away the rock moves a bit and settles onto my hand again. I can't feel it happening but microscopically, it seems to be, because the little gap over there between the rock and the wall seems to be getting smaller. And this chockstone is the hardest thing here.
ARON	m	So the third thing left was to cut my arm off.
ARON	m	I don't know whether I could do that but it's pretty much suicide. It's four hours to my vehicle that way and with very difficult climbing with one hand and the bike is like two, two and a half hours, that way but the climbing... fourth class climbing... which I think will be probably impossible with one hand... between the blood loss and the dehydration I think I would die if I cut off my arm.
ARON	m	Which means I'm waiting for someone to come along.
ARON	m	I didn't tell anyone where I was going and I didn't leave a note on the truck.
ARON	m	Dumb.
ARON	m	No one's coming Aron.
ARON	m	God, I am praying to you for guidance. I'm trapped in Blue John Canyon - you probably know that - and I don't know what I am supposed to do. I've tried everything I can think of. I need some new ideas. Please show me a sign.
ARON	m	OK, then, God, since you're apparently busy: Devil, if you're listening, I need some help here. I'll trade you my arm, my soul, whatever you want. Just get me out of here. You want me never to climb again, I can give that up. Just show me the dotted line.
ARON	m	Ungg-gggu-ggga-gggngh!
ARON	m	Yeah. Not very funny.
Q	m	What you doin'?
ARON	m	Still not sure. I'll see you Tuesday.
Q	m	Have a good one.
ARON	m	Always do.
ANSAPHONE	?	Aron, it's Mom. Hoping to catch you. Nothing urgent. Dad's in New York so it'll be a quiet weekend.
GIRL	f	That was your Mom! And your Dad called. Call him. We're going. See you next week. Oh, and Rana called.
ARON	m	It's Monday - all day - bummer. I spent the morning trying to create a 6:1 system ration and lift the boulder but friction between the rope and carabiners is dissipating every bit of force I apply.
ARON	m	All it's good for is sitting in...
ARON	m	There's a raven flies overhead, I clocked it at 8.15. I'll bet it's there tomorrow too. I'll film it for you tomorrow
ARON	m	I have about one hundred and fifty millilitres of water left. That's four ounces. I can't believe it but I peed twice today, within a few minutes of each other. How is this possible? It's two days since I peed, I'm dehydrated and I had to go so quickly I forgot to save the first. I saved the second in the CamelBak. Will I drink it? It smells foul, and hot but it'll settle. And I can chill it in the sand in the night. It's like Polar winter here for nine hours.
ARON	m	No number twos. Which will disappoint my insect friends. They're gonna have to wait. The sunlight appears down here for a few hours. I get 15 minutes of it at 9.35... and apart from chipping away uselessly at this rock that's pretty much my morning routine.
ARON	m	I keep chipping at the rock but just to generate warmth and give me something to do. I think it's making it worse. I know it's settling more on my arm as I remove material from it. The area where I chipped flakes off yesterday has already rotated down onto my arm. PAUSE. I can't feel anything. PAUSE. So I made a great tourniquet and I tried to cut it off.
ARON	m	Oh yeah. That aches.
ARON	m	Shit!
ARON	m	Pathetic, Aron, pathetic.
ARON	m	The blades are too blunt even to break the skin. I guess that's the chipping. It's not even a proper Leatherman. It's a knock-off one we got free in a gift pack with a torch... Mom gave it to me.
ARON	m	I didn't get to hear firsthand how your championships went, but I heard from Mom that you placed very well at the national competitions, that you were tenth overall in speech and debate in the nation. Hot damn, girl. I'm very proud of you. Not just for that but for who you are.
ARON	m	I can imagine you in your living room looking back at me.
ARON	m	I've been thinking about what my friend Rob in Aspen says to me several... frequently.. Several times that, confusingly, 'It's not what you do but who you are'. I kind of got hung up on that a lot, because I always thought who I was, was very much wrapped up with what I did. That I was happy because of the things that I did that made me happy. If things you do make you happy, then they can also make you unhappy. I think that's why I found myself being as ambitious and energetic -
ARON	m	(mutters, bitterly) It's cold... this place is an ice- box at night... And killing winds.
ARON	m	(he struggles to complete the sense of the
SENTENCE)	?	" - to do all the outings that I did". PAUSE.
ARON	m	I did want to say, on the logistical side of things, I have some American Express insurance that should cover costs of the recovery operation when that does happen. Bank account balances should take care of my credit-card debts. You'll have to sell my house, Mom and Dad. Possession- wise, I don't know if Sonja can use my computer and video camera...
ARON	m	No. No. Don't.
ARON	m	See you later...
ARON	m	(furious at himself) Fuck a nut, Aron. Pay fucking attention - look what you did?
ARON	m	Good morning everyone! It's 6:45 Tuesday morning in BJ Canyon. The weather is great! I figure by now that Leona, my housemate - Hi Leona! - has missed me hopefully since I didn't show up last night. Another hour and a half they'll miss me for not showing up for work. Hi Brion at work! Best case scenario is they notify the police and after a 24 hour hold they file a report, a missing persons report. Which means noon tomorrow it's official that I'm gone. I do still have the tiniest bit of water left. Well, actually, I've resorted...I've had a couple pretty good gulps of urine that I saved in my Camelbak. I sorta let it distill...it tastes like hell. So it's 70 hours since I left on my bike from Horseshoe Trailhead during which time I have consumed 3 liters of water and a couple mouthfuls of piss. Did I say the weather is great? Well, it is. Though flash floods potential is still present. There's 4-prong major canyons upstream from me that all converge in this 3 foot wide gap where I am. The rock I pulled down on top of me, it was put there by flood.
PAUSE	?	Still, I'd get a drink.
ARON	m	Mom, Dad, I really love you guys. I wanted to take this time to say the times we've spent together have been awesome. I haven't appreciated you in my own heart the way I know I could. Mom, I love you. I wish I'd returned all of your calls, ever.
ARON	m	I really have lived this last year. I wish I had learned some lessons more astutely, more rapidly, than I did. I love you. I'll always be with you.
ARON	m	Ready for lift-off.
ARON	m	Come on, move, dammit.
ARON	m	Whoa, that's the bone.
ARON	m	Ouch!
ARON	m	This next part may not be for all viewers at home. It's a little after eight. At precisely eight o'clock I took my last sip of clean water... and... hide your eyes, Mom...
ARON	m	I made an attempt - a short career in surgery, as it turned out - those knives are just not anywhere close to the task. I've got about an inch-wide gash in my arm that goes about a half inch deep. I cut down through the skin and the fatty tissue, and through some of the muscle. I think I cut a tendon, but I'm not sure. I'll never saw through the bones with this knife. I tried, anyways. It really just didn't go well. The tourniquet is relaxed at this point. Which actually is a little bothersome, considering I'm not bleeding that bad, barely at all. It's so weird. You'd expect to definitely see more pulsing and bleeding, but oh well.
PAUSE	?	I'm really fucked now. I'm out of water.
ARON	m	Shit missed it. 8:31AM. He's late and I still missed it.
BLACK SHOT-	m	Adverts - 7UP, etc. Some putt sized televised, some billboard rock and some radio, pull tab cans begins split and spit, slurpees hammering with grapefruit juice, OJ that - popsicles. ARON: `owwww!' But he carries on.
RACKING HIS	m	A figure starts body with a a small fire to furious comfort Aron. vengeance. Perfect for bacon and beans.
BRYAN + MIKE +	m	INT. ROB IN CANYON ON SOFA. Rachel + Angie ROB: `It's not what you do [SOME TAKE but who you are'. THEIR TURN ON
BURRITO WASHED	m	Did that make sense? down with a swig of urine, He switches off and applies winces and lip balm. swallows somehow. ARON: He looks at it and bites a `That's it. bit off. Masticates it on I'm on the and on... Chewing. urine diet now. Well, reverse the raven
TURNS ALWAYS	m	Rana's face is remaining in huge on the inside the light.An of his head bag, smiling accelerating at him. Her face in huge carousel of scale compared to his head. yellow warmth.
ARON	m	God, it's Aron again. I still need some help. It's getting bad here. I'm out of water and food. Listen. Give me the strength not to do anything against myself. I want to see this through, whatever.
ARON	m	Out of date. May Day. Not dead.
ARON	m	No raven today. Everything's fucked. Sonja... if you still want me to play at your wedding... there's a tape in a box in the basement of Mom and Dad's Lounge. It's me 1993 or 1994.
ARON	m	There was a little boy,and he looked like my cousin Charlie but he was too young. And I don't want to die... But I really don't know what to do.
VOICE	m	I did this Aron. I created this. The boulder did what it was here to do. It was waiting for me but it did the only natural thing it could do. I chose to come here, I chose to do this descent by myself. I chose not to tell anyone where I was going. I chose to turn away from the women who were there to keep me from getting in this trouble. I wanted it to be like this. Look how far I came to find this spot. It's not that I'm getting what I deserve - I'm getting what I wanted.
ARON	m	I hate this rock.
ARON	m	I hate it.
ARON	m	I hate this fucking canyon.
ARON	m	I hate this cold slab pressing me against this damp fucking wall.
ARON	m	I know there's water near coz of these fucking mosquitoes.
ARON	m	I hate this fucking mess.
ARON	m	Shit.
ARON	m	Ok Aron, here we go. You're in it now.
ARON	m	(spitting out this declaration at the rock)
ARON	m	Hang in there Aron.
ARON	m	My name is Aron Ralston. I was trapped by a boulder on Saturday and I've been without food and water for 5 days. I cut my arm off this morning to get free and I've lost a lot of blood. I need medical attention.
ERIK	m	We are the Mejers from Holland. At the start of the trailhead we talked to a ranger who told us about a car that was parked in the area already for several days and that the owner might be missing in the canyon. We joked that we would keep our eyes open and that we would try to find him. After a hike of 5.3 kilometres to the Great Gallery (Indian rock art) where we took some pictures, we returned and suddenly heard a noise behind us, and after that a voice that cried "Help, I need help". Monique and I immediately realized that this had to be the missing person.
ERIK	m	We didn't find him, he found us! We gave him our water and Oreos.
ERIK	m	We are the Mejers from Holland. You should stop and rest.
ARON	m	No, we need to keep hiking. We need a helicopter - who can run fastest?- You, go now fast. Take him.
ERIK	m	They told us you were here.
ARON	m	Who? Who told you?
ERIK	m	The police at the parking lot
ARON	m	Do you have a phone?
ERIK	m	There's no signal for miles.
ARON	m	Do you have a cell phone?
WAYNE	m	No. I'm Wayne. I have some medical training.
ARON	m	Is it ok for me to drink so much water?
WAYNE	m	Sure so long as it doesn't make you vomit.
	?	Make sure he doesn't pass out.
ARON	m	I gotta stop and empty my shoes. You'll have to tie my shoe lace.
PILOT	m	Are you Aron?
ARON	m	Yes I am. Can I get a lift?
ARON	m	I'm gonna make a terrible mess of your seat.
PILOT	m	Just get in buddy. We're all looking for you.
ARON	m	Thank you for bringing me back.
BURLY MAN	m	That's all your miracle days used up kid. You need to rest. You can stand everyone a beer later.
ARON	m	Will you look after this for me please?
VOICE	m	...his love, the peace that passeth all understanding...
ARON	m	Mom.
MOM	f	My boy. My only one. There you are.
ARON	m	Hey Mom.
MOM	f	How are you feeling?
ARON	m	OK. Are you okay...
MOM	f	You've been asleep for 2 days. We are so lucky...
ARON	m	Mom, I'm sorry I scared you.
VOICE	m	...his love, the peace that passeth all understanding...
RANA	f	OK - he's got 3 vegetarian hotdogs and the tickets and he'll be outside Gate 6 in 5.
ARON	m	So are you guys ok with me?
RANA	f	Yeah. We split up a while back when you were in hospital.
ARON	m	Christine told me.
RANA	f	(always to the point) Is that what this is about?
ARON	m	Yeah.
RANA	f	What about the climbing?
RANA	f	Solo?
ARON	m	I'm gonna finish the 49ers this winter or next.
RANA	f	(to change it) Well, all I can't figure out is what took you so long to cut it off and get one of these.
ARON	m	Rana, before I did it I was hallucinating, I saw this child, a little blond boy -
RANA	f	(over her glasses) Not Jesus please...
ARON	m	No, he looked like my cousin Charlie but way too young... and I didn't know why but I knew he was mine and that this was what lay in front of me.
ARON	m	But it's not going to be you, is it?
RANA	f	No Aron, it's not.
RANA	f	You know, everyone who cares for you, a little bit of them dies each time you go back.
RANA	f	Let's go hero. If they do The Fly first and we miss it we'll never be forgiven.

