Hooked it. I'd come to the realization that  everything I'd based my life on was  false. And that my life had no  meaning. He gets this way when he hits over  eighty-five. It seemed like my life was slipping  away, somehow. I was a knot in the  middle of a wet rope. Everything was  futile and nothing had value. That's the way life is. The only  meaning and value is what we create.  Through structure, and discipline.  Though they seem to limit our freedom,  they actually give us great comfort.  Your problem is you're looking for  some great answer. Some ultimate  truth. When what you really should  do is go to work and go home. And take golf lessons. That's a tragedy. Can I finish my  story please? I began my search for  meaning. I was a Catholic, Jew,  Scientologist, Sufi, Buddhist. I  went to a Psychologist, psychiatrist,  herbalist, nutritionist, a shaman,  and a psychic. And they all pretty  much say the same stuff. A Jew, a shaman, and a herbalist are  telling you the same thing? You're  insane. Basically the same thing. In a very  evolved, esoteric way. Insane. To make a long story short... --Thank God-- ...at last I found the holistic system  of systems that opened up the doors  of heaven for me right here on earth.  And everyday I see the world through  the eyes of a child. A world of  creation and wonder. Jesus... Overflowing with love. Tell me about it. P.P.P. Personal Pan Power. All the  secrets of your universe are divided  up into eight easily digestible  slices. See, see. It's in the accessible and  everyday shape of a pan pizza. Each  day you have a little slice of  peace... Oh I see. You got your individual  slices of hope, dignity, confidence,  self-love, justice, and harmony. You open 'em up and there's the  sayings, stories, little bites of  insight. It's the P.P.P. Six Day  Week. So you eat-- read it everyday? Yes. And these pan pizzas have opened up  the doors to heaven? Correct. That's for you. Keep it. He fishes out the laminated "Personal  Pan Power" card, looks at it, and  tosses it onto the ground. Police  cars, now visible in the distance,  wind into the long club driveway.  Martin gets into his car and pulls  away. How was your day, today, sir? Effective. But to tell you the truth,  I've lost my passion for work. Do you like the people you work with? I work alone. That's it then. That's it. I've always  been alone. That's why I'm a good  driver. I can handle it. See, I can  think on my feet. I survive, I'm a  thinker. And I can sit there in front  of your house for two hours and it  don't bother me. Some people can't  do it! Some people are ranting and  raving, "Tell them fuckin' people to  get out here and get in this car, I  can't-- I want a go!" Where you gonna  go? You're gonna wind up back in  your garage at seven o'clock at night.  You ain't going nowhere. You leave  your house in the morning you get  back to your house in the evening.  What's the big deal, right? You understand the psychology of the  job. I do. Some guys can't adjust to it;  they can't handle it. You look like you're far away. Far  away and thinking about other things.  I'm right about that, aren't I? No. Well, let's just say that sometimes  I'm right. Sometimes you are. Sometimes I am. Sometimes. It's only  natural. It's only natural.... I been looking at you, and I've  decided that I want to share something  with you. Okay. Because your problem is you're bored.  And you have a very big mind. I am part of what I call a brain  syndicate. I am part of a network of minds, a  group of five people who are all  connected, over hundreds, even  thousands of miles, through the mind.  We can think with each other, think  for each other. I can be driving  somewhere, sleeping with a woman--  whatever it is-- and at the same  time be thinking a thought in someone  else's mind, far away. Running someone  else's brain. Up on the right. And when you think of it, it's not  so surprising that a small group of  people control the whole world, is  it? If it's not there, I can't proceed.  Tell them. Tom. I've been waiting for an answer.  I'm only in town tonight. What's different this time than the  last time? I have to be down front... ...I don't bother to call anyone  else because you always take care of  me. Hold on a second, Tom. I got my hands  full here. Good. Account number 3649367, transfer  to account number 96-546-38739-47825.  Ask for Mr. Sanchez, tell him it's  Mr. Duckman. If there are any  problems, access file 673594638-IO- 98, and look at it. Sorry Tom. But look, I know it's the  playoffs. That's why I'm offering a  thousand dollars for one seat... ...Well let me ask you, Tom. What do  I have to do to get courtside tickets  for the Knicks...? Never mind. I gotta go. ...Tell them that's not my problem.  I was paid for one job-- the cyclist--  not two. See you tomorrow, Marcella. Patch him through.... What do you want? Like a union? Thank you, no. And you could be... sort of like...  a father figure to me.... Not me. So don't paw at me with your  dirty little guild. Fuck! Freeze! Police! Whatever it is that I'm doing that  you don't like I'll stop doing it. It's not me. Throw that away. Don't tease me. You know what I do  for a living. Tedious. I now authorize you to throw  away all personal mail. And not show it to me. Ever again. I'll pay. I'm not happy. He didn't. And they want me to make up for it. Tell them that's impossible. I need  my normal lead time. Would you describe their position as  inflexible? There's nothing to be done about it. Good. What else? Anything interesting? Never enough. I have scruples. Next. See you next week. Tell Dr. Oatman I'm on my way. It's in Michigan. Honestly, what do  I have in common with those people?  Or with anyone? Come on. Shouldn't you be taking notes? It'll be depressing. I just know. They'll have husbands and wives and  children and houses and dogs....  made themselves a part of something.  And they can talk about what they  do. What am I going to say? "I killed the President of Paraguay  with a fork." Why not. I trust you. You couldn't  turn me in because of Doctor-Patient  privilege... and I don't want to be  "withholding"... and I know where  you live. We're both professionals, Oatman. So you're saying that Ulysses-- everything he said to his queen when  he came back--everything was a lie?  He just wanted to fuck around? Mmm. Uneasy. Dispassionate. Bored. It's  just getting hard to go to work in a  good mood. I'm starting to think  I've been in the business too long.  Last week I did a guy younger than  me. The church seems to be purging itself  of it's pedophile. It's a bull market. Anyway, that never use to happen. I  was always the prodigy. Now I'm just  one of the guys. If I show up at your door, chances  are you did something to bring me  there. I don't care about that stuff,  anyway. Morality. If I get antsy I'll kill a few small  animals. Just a minute. Food soon... Tuna or liver? Tuna it is. You always say that. You always say  that. I'm telling you, you never met  the man. Lisbon? Here's the news: He hasn't been in  Portugal since '90. I know that from  the file. Why don't you read the  file, man? You always say that. You always have  to know everybody. Why don't I just  take the weekend off and let you  kill him. Since you two are so close. ...with highs today in the upper  seventies. Related stocks on Wall  Street today as scandal continues to  rock the joint U.S.-Japanese Tech  Center... ...An unknown "whistle-blower" has  leaked a number of critical flaws in  the safety designs of next year's  models to authorities that could  cost millions in recalls.... Mein hero. What are you doing here? A double shift. What's it look like? Can I help you with something? I don't think so. Dr. Oatman. Dr. Oatman. Please pick  up if you're there... It's Martin  Blank. It's gone. My house. It's not  here. My house is gone and now there's  a 7-11 here... And that's  unfortunate... You can never go home  again, Dr. Oatman. But I guess you can shop there. That's wonderful, Mom. It's a place where religious people-- Jim? It's good to see you. I'm sure you're  curious about what I've been doing. I imagine that'd be rather difficult. They told me you're taking lithium,  mom. You have a headache? No, I don't have one. Yeah. I guess we did. I think I'll go see Debi today. I can't think of anything to say to  her that seems appropriate given I  left and never said goodbye to her. Yeah... I have always thought about her and  missed her. Mom... Hey Pop... You got off easy. The  house is a 7-11. Mom's a psycho- pharmacological punching bag and I  murder for cash. If you were here I  think you'd be proud. pries out a wall vent, slides in the  case and replaces the vent. "Oldies from the eighties?" It's nice to see you again. How long has it been? Ten years, I think. What I miss? Here is now there. There is here. I'm in California most of the time.  Traveling a lot on business. That's  about it, really. Not much else. I'm a professional killer. Well, I'm in town for a few days,  anyway. Well, I gotta go. But I'll come back. Well? Well, remember when Frysal's men  paid off the Deejay in Cairo to  announce a bogus press conference in  the -- --Yes. And the Munich Olympics in  '72. A local radio station started  broadcasting news of the massacre  two minutes before it happened. It was the PLO. Where have I been? I don't know exactly. I could venture  a guess but it would sound like a  rationalization... I thought you  know... maybe seeing you, some  friends, my house... of course now a --and I guess, sure, seeing you would  be part of that whole equation... I  suppose the most important thing,  really. I don't know. Anyway, this  whole thing's my therapist's idea.  It's my shrink, really. You see someone? Are you there? No, the guy. Yeah.... Uh... when you guys use to go out...  Did you guys ever... heh heh heh  heh... ever fuckin', ever totally  fuckin' heh heh heh- I don't know, Debi. Sounds like bad  gas to me. I would not allow him  access to your being. Dammit. Never trust my instincts. Hell, I would've voted for you, but  there's all this apple sauce stuck  in my phone... I don't wanna talk  about it. How the hell are you?! Here's five good ones! Marty! It's me. Paul. Paul? You're leaving me hanging here... Hey. Give me a break. This won't take but a minute. I just  gotta hold their hands for a final  walk-through. I'll take them in, get  'em out, then you and I can grab a  little quality time. Goddamn, It's good to see you. I was  afraid you joined a cult or something.  I half-expected you to come back to  town in a fennel wreath and paper  pants. There was no money in it. So what happened to you? Same thing that happened to you-- I  stopped poutin' there on the  sidelines. Got in. Got on the team.   I joined the working week, you slick  fucking asshole, so why don't you  valet park your high horse and take  it easy on your old buddy, Paul. Fair enough. God it's great to see you. You too. Well, we do what we have to do if we  find you on the property. But we  don't really enforce the law, we  execute company policy for homeowners. So when are you authorized to use  deadly force? Well, a 'course, taxes provide your  basic service-- police and whatnot.  But our customers need a little more  than just that, you understand? This  badge doesn't mean that I am a peace  officer. So it's not a meaningful symbol, or  anything. That badge is just the  badge of your company. If I look  suspicious on your customers' property-- well, under those heightened  circumstances you have the authority  to, ah... To shoot me. To shoot you. Correct. How did you get this job? Well, they were hiring, and it was  only a two week course... Wow. ...What more can I say. We'll talk soon. You'll be raising your new family in  a work of art. A work of art in a  work of art. I'm sure you'll be very happy. When my time comes, if it ever does,  I want a beautiful, normal place  like this... and a wife like you... ...and you'll be safe here... Now. I don't make a habit of pimping  my friends, but there is one prime  little piece of land that you must  see... Debi's house. Kind of crept up on you, didn't it? No. You drove us here. Yeah, but it's still kind of eerie,  isn't it? No. Ten years. What happened!? I freaked out, joined the Army, worked  for the government, and went into  business for myself... I'm a  professional killer. Thank you. Professional killer, huh? Does that  come with a good HMO? He sells BMW's? He sold me this bad boy. How could you put your hard-earned  dollars into the hands of the class  bully? He gave me a great deal. Mein Dealer. Hey! Bob! The car's running great. Glad to hear it. Bob... What? It's me. Martin Blank. Really...? So what? Okay. See you later. See you at the left-a-boy-came-back- a-man-made-good party. Can I help you? What's done is done. What the fuck, man?! Are you going to the reunion? That's part of it. It's always the little things. I'm wondering how you've been. How  you are. I'd like to catch up with  you. If it's possible. Well, there's not much to tell. Bad experiences. Bad people. Bad television. What's that? That'd be good. I figured I could pick you up tomorrow  around seven o'clock. Yes. Seven it is. Baby, it's eight o'clock. It isn't done. I'll do it tomorrow. It's fine. I've looked at it. Yes. It's the same as usual. Nothing  remarkable about it at all. Tell them my house exploded. Okay, call them. Fine. Oh-- And if  you could find out why they double- booked the job, and who is trying to  kill me, and call me back-- that's  be great. Yes. This night, this reunion will be an  important step in our relationship. Don't rush to judgement until all  the facts are in. We can't do our job unless he does  his job. Do his job? I'm not a cold-blooded  killer. -Look. You want to kill a Good Guy,  but not be a Bad Guy, you wait until  a Bad Guy kills the Good Guy, and  then you come in and kill the Bad  Guy, and then you're the Good Guy. Yup. Whole-grain pancakes. And an egg- white omelette. Nothing in the omelette. Nothing at  all. No harm no foul. Hard to get good help these days. I didn't get into this business to  have "associates." And I don't want  to join your Goddamned union. "Loner-- " "Loner gunman." Get it? "On my  own." That's the whole point. Why  don't you become a cop, or something.  You can drink coffee in the morning...  with friends! Look, this is a one-on-one business...  Every time you get to know people,  bad things happen. If it'll make you  feel any better, this is my last  job. So what do you say we put our  guns away and forget the whole damn  thing. No deal. Is that right? Nice talk, Sugarmouth. Yes, I'm a pet psychiatrist. I sell  couch insurance. I test-market  positive thinking. I lead a weekend  men's group, actually. We specialize  in ritual killings. I'm hungry, are  you hungry, I'm hungry, oooh, ooh. Hi, I'm Martin Blank, remember me?   I'm not married, I have no kids and  I'd blow your brains out if someone  paid me enough... So how've you been?  Where do you stand on The Issues?  Are you Left? Right? Up, down, proud,  shamed, blahblahblahblah-- As long as I get the laugh. You look beautiful. I'll just help myself to a cocktail. Good evening, Mr. Newberry. Good evening, Mr. Blank. How are you? How's business? Martin, I don't know where you've  been since you abandoned my daughter  ten years ago, and I don't care. It  was good that you left, and I'm glad  you did. So what do you want to talk  about? You've grown up a bit. Maybe  I had you figured wrong. How's that? I visualized you, in a haze, as one  of the slackster, flannel-wearing,  coffeehouse-misanthropes I've been  seeing in Newsweek. I took the other road. I'm more of a  self-reflective young lion who does  business with lead-pipe cruelty and  goes home to drink light beer in  milky-eyes isolation. I love sports  and sex and have no real relationships  with anyone. And you? Oh, you know me, Martin. I'm the  same old sell-out baby-boomer,  exploiting the oppressed I got shot  for at Kent State. But why don't we  have a drink and forget the whole  thing? Why not? So what are you doing with your life  now, son? I'm a professional killer. That's good. Do you want to get a drink first? Right. I'll just be a second. ...Well, I didn't kill anyone, but  someone tried to kill me and the guy  in the middle got killed. So if I  see that guy again I'm definitely  going to kill him, but I won't kill  anyone else. Oh, except for the guy  I was sent here to kill. I don't  know... Saw my mom... I'm with Debi, and I'm  on my way to the reunion. Out Loud? ...I am at home with the me. I am  rooted in me, who is on this  adventure. This is me breating. Alright, look. I gotta go. Right. Don't kill anyone... He's falling for her. Look at him. You're wrong. Look at his face. I love. I kill. Shoulda brought my gun. I'm Martin Blank. Don't say that. Wonderful. Whatever I can get away with. Beer. Hey, Ken. How have you been? Hello Martin. How have you been? Not bad. You? Hello, Bob. Hey, Bob. I'm an attorney. I'm with Moss, Brice  & Fromeyer. That sounds pretty interesting... Sometimes. I'm in divorce, mainly.  Some property. Some personal injury. Those all seem kind of related... Tragedy makes you thirsty. Well... I have to take this over to  Debi. Here. Take my card. Wait a minute...  here's a special one. For top-shelf  clients. Thanks. I don't know, Blank, all these fucking  people, driving me crazy. Look at  them over there, memorializing old  times, acting all like it was  something "life-changing." And the  people in the National Honor Society?  The name tags? They have special blue starts on  them like it fucking matters now  that they were in the honor club ten  years ago. I'm getting fucking  nauseous from all this sentimental  bullshit. It's making me sick. Why are you here... Terry? I wanted to see a couple people. But  I don't want to talk about the old  days... What did we have together,  Martin? Typing? Drafting. Yeah, I couldn't stand that fucking  class. But I appreciate you helping  me out, man. Don't mention it. Yeah, thanks. Well I'm going to try  and get out of here, man. I'll see  you later. Bob. Bob Destephano. What? I'm Dan. Dan Koretzky. Computer guy. Yeah... Hey, I saw you at your dad's  dealership the other day. I sell BMW's. What do you do? Not much, actually. My software  company just went public so I'm  just... hanging out, really. Remember high school? Sure. Listen. Why don't you join us  up in the grandstands? ...You gotta hold the fans  responsible, though, Dennis, because  they're the ones putting up with the  mediocre product. I guess, though, you know, if you  look at it Mike, that park is a  beautiful park, I've gone to that  park many times - I've had the  greatest time of my life at that  ballpark and let's face it, I tell  you this, Mike, by the sixth inning,  if you're having the fun you should  be having at Tigers Stadium, you  don't even know what the hell's going  on anyway... Have you two been together since  high school? --Yes. Actually we just bought that  little Frank Lloyd Wright on Pine  Avenue... Debi's a social worker and  I mow down insurance claims at Aetna-- I figured. You two look too happy  together. I shouldn't say that though,  I'm married... So, Martin-- what are  you up to these days? What do you do  for a living? I'm in pro-active international  relations. It's a very specialized  company. We execute economic  investment opportunities. Sort of  economic clean-up... with an emphasis  on personnel. It's boring, you know,  it's boring. I don't like to talk  about it because I don't think what  a man does necessarily reflects who  he is... ...I've always tried to refrain from  a black-and-white moral lexicon--you  know, good, bad, right, wrong--I've  been more interested in the gray  areas. But that's no way to live. I guess  you've got to just take the leap of  faith. Believe in something. Fuck  it. Sounds complicated, Martin. Are you  happy? I just have to close this one last  account. I'd like to just stop now,  today, but I can't... It's a step in  the right direction. I work at Kentucky Fried Chicken. Yes I do. In the corporate offices. Yeah... I sell biscuits to the Southland. It's what I do. I sell biscuits and gravy all over  the Southland-- You know those horsey biscuit gravy  packets? I move all of those-- Sometimes we sell them to McDonald's  and just change them to special  barbecue sauce. What do you think about black coaching  in the NFL, Darius? Because I think  it's great. I don't pay much attention to  football. I have to agree with you Dennis.  It's good to see that the owners are  willing to put the franchise behind  a black head coach or QB when for  years in the league they've been  kept out of the thinking positions  and relegated mainly to the physical  game. But now, you see, you have Warren  Moon at the helm, Cunningham, Art  Shell, and the coach up at  Minnesota... Dennis Green. And if you remember,  Doug Williams was the first black  man to prove that on a Superbowl  Sunday. ...Yeah, listen. Where do you stand  on this whole Louis Farrakhan  issue...? I'm a De Klerk man myself. Look at her. There it is. Jenny  Slater. The finest thing that ever  walked these halls. Yeah, he's around here somewhere.  What a shame. She would have looked  great in my fucking Bentley. She's a paramedic in Skokie, Illinois. You know what I'm really hoping?  That Jenny Slater gets divorced. And  she's twenty-eight-- She's twenty-eight years old, with  two kids, she's still really really  fine, and I see her at a bookstore  or something, and she sees me for  what I was then, and what I am now:  the redemption for all her failure. Okay... Would you rather... commit  yourself sexually to a four-by-nine  cell with former President George  Herbert Walker Bush dressed as a  super-model for a month, or make  love to a otter on crank for a week? --She's not dead--- Wow. I have to give this some thought. Okay, then. Clearly candied Diller. Even though I left, you never left  me. Not just memory but a substance  in my blood. Too junky-kitschy. Deeper, deeper. Could be. The physical substance of  love. If he does our job, he's our job. So. You and Debi. Gonna hit that  shit again? Fine, Bob. How are you? Never better. Really? Ahhh... it's all fucked up. Nothing  adds up to nothing... you work your  whole life, day in and day out-- try  to make sense of it all. One day  you're twenty-seven and what do you  get to show for it... You could've been a contender, huh? Smart boy. Real smart. Let's see how  smart you are with my foot up your  ass! I'm gonna kick your ass! Why would you want to hit me, Bob?  Do you really believe that there's  some stored up conflict that needs  resolution between us? We don't exist.  There's nothing between us. So who  do you want to hit, Bob? It's not  me. What am I gonna do? What do you want to do? I want to be an actor. Then express yourself, Bob. Be honest... Later, Martin. Have you seen Debi Newberry? Nope. The more things change, the more  they Goddamned well stay the same. I guess. Take care of yourself, Ken. Thanks  for the pen. What the hell happened to you? I was catching up with Bob Destephano. As long as you had a good time. What now? Chase the girl? It didn't work out. That's too bad. I have to get my head back into my  work. Work's good for the soul. When you see Debi, tell her I'm sorry. See you in ten years. Dumb fucking luck... Yes. No. It's something I do... ...Professionally... ...About five years now. Seriously, when I left, I joined the  Army and took the service exam. They  found my psych results fit a certain  profile. A certain "Moral flexibility"  would be the best way to describe  it... I was loaned out to a CIA- sponsored program. It's called  "mechanical operations." We sort of  found each other... I was, but no... yes... I was before,  but now I'm not. It's irrelevant,  really. The idea of governments,  nations, it's mostly a public  relations theory at this point,  anyway. But I'll tell you something,  until about five months ago, I really  enjoyed my work. Then I started losing my taste for  it. Which usually means your time is  up. But then I realized it was  something entirely different... I  started getting the sneaking, dark  suspicion that maybe there was...  meaning to life. Like, that there's a point? An organic  connection between all living things. A sociopath kills for no reason. I  kill for money. I was leaving. Will you come with me? What if I come back? Don't go. You don't understand... "What's up Doc? What's cookin'? What's  up Doc, are you lookin'...? I'll put things right. Then I'll  find you. Don't worry. I left you a little  something under your desk. What the fuck is the matter with  you?! Well, I was hired to kill you. It's  what I do, and come to think of it,  I told you that, but... Okay. I'm  not going to do it. Get in the car. It's either because I'm in love with  your daughter, or because I have a  new-found respect for life. Or both.  But I don't know. Why? I build cars! They're paying  you to kill me? Why? It was a cost-cutting effort. They  can't afford a recall. It was a leaky sunroof! A design  flaw! I reported a leaky sunroof!  You want to kill me because of that? It's not me! Why does everybody think  it's personal?! We'll go in through the woods. I was sitting in my house on prom  night wearing that Goddamned rented  tuxedo, a corsage in one hand, a  bottle of champagne in the other. So  I was just sitting there, and then  the whole night flashed before my  eyes, and it struck me like a bullet  in the head-- I realized, finally,  and for the first time, that... I  wanted to kill somebody. So I figured  because I loved you so much, that'd  it'd be a good idea if I didn't see  you anymore. But now I'm different. I'm in love with you. I know we can  make this work! I was afraid to commit to a  relationship, but now I know I'm  ready to make it happen. I just need time to change. It's not easy for me. I was raised  to close off, to control my  feelings... Lock the door. I wasn't raised in a loving  environment. But that's not an excuse. It's a  reason. My soul was empty-- --and it's up to me to fill it. It's okay. It's Martin The door begins  to open revealing Debi and Newberry. I know what I do isn't moral, per  se, but if you could just look past  that, you'd see a man worth loving. Did you see Blank in there? Good. For a second there I thought  we were in trouble. Okay. There you go. I left it blank. Debi... will you marry me? I have no illusions about the future.  What is, is. We make choices. And we  become the sum total of our choices.  I can live with that. 