Humph, meee?? My dear, this is not a country that rewards poetry, this is a country that rewards gas mileage, besides, people don't read poetry anymore, they watch television. Don't be a poet, be a TV repairman. Oh I doubt it...lectures are notoriously boring. I was drinking a little in those days. I'm drinking a little these days too. Ohhhhh. UCLA? My cardigan sweater period. No, no, no, I gave it up ten years ago...actually it gave me up. Oh, just put it over there. No, I'm writing to the phone company because they keep charging me for calls to Caracas, Venezuela...do you know any know anybody in Caracas, Venezuela? You had to remind me?Don't mention it. Yeah, well I don't think you're very grateful. A lot of people in your position would say &quot;thank you&quot;. What are you gonna do? Tell them that...a polite person helped carry your bag? My only problem is that your Uncle Phil is giving me five bucks to pick you up but I don't get paid 'till delivery. Well if I was looking for a victim, I definitely wouldn't pick your Uncle Phil who outweighs me by about 150 pounds, besides, who would I ask for ransom? You?? Hey relax, you think I kidnapped him or something? Your Uncle Phil told me. You're Vada right? Excuse me I asked you a question.Me, I'll know! You're still asking me to break the law. I think the phrase was &quot;Sleazoid Geek&quot;. I thought I told you to lose this guy. What about living in the real world pal? Well maybe you should join a hippie commune. But let me tell you something. Sooner or later it's gonna be your turn to take out the garbage. I would do it again in a minute. Hello, I'm gonna need this right now...this guy...well we think he might be going after the governor. Twenty minutes? Fine. Could you hold on for a second? Pommeroy...he may or may not be driving a black 54 Ford Pickup. Monday. Yeah, this is Sergeant Tanaka from Holenbeck, I need a current address for a Jeffrey.... I'm not authorized to trace licenses for civilians. Everyone was really surprised when Maggie was turned in, she got kicked out for two weeks. She was the uhh...first girl ever suspended for smoking. You kidding? he picks up a picture and shows Vada and Nick Well, we worked on the school paper together. I remember when the Legion of Decency declared Rebel without a Cause unfit...boy...that Jim Backers, what an actor uh? What an actor. It's too bad about your mom. At least she went peacefully, I've seen a lot of people go out the hard way.You can do anything you want. You're his sister. Uh huh, a boy, you've got a new brother. She just had a baby that's all. I love you too sweetie, bye. Oh she's fine...ahh...umm the doctor just...ehh...told her to stay in bed and get a little rest and...'n stay quiet...just...just to make sure that... Ask him if he needs a good tuba player. Totally groovy huh? Good! You should go over and watch some Ted Carson. Hi honey. Hello? Sultenfuss Parlor. Have fun. Thanks, I needed that. It means...I'm a paranoid nitwit who's never let his baby girl out of his sight for the simple reason he's a paranoid nitwit. So why don't you just say &quot;Oh Dad&quot; and get on the damn plane already? And no boys, promise me, oh those LA people are all so corrupt you'll end up pregnant and on drugs...and don't come running to me when you wake up in the city morgue with a tag on your toe having been beaten up into an unrecognizable pulp by some surfer...and DON'T make eye contact, it communicates an implied vulnerability. What?? Honey I know it's fun to think about these things but.... Of course. Oh yes, lovely funeral, Gernaldi brothers did a beautiful job, lots of pink roses...I used the white hearse. Hey, how about this flowered wallpaper for your room? She was talented, but honey I wish I could help you a little more, it's just that your mother and I had kind of a whirlwind courtship, she came to town with this traveling theater group, I proposed on our second date, two weeks later we were married and almost nine months later you were here and she was gone. Well, I kinda just blurted it out over a root beer float. Okay, we need wallpaper paste. Hey Cece! Her favorite poet. Honey, ahh, guys don't wanna appear over anxious, so if you think there's a boy that might like you, let him know that you like him, so he won't feel he's taking such a risk when he's thinking of asking you out. What boy likes you? Great. Seriously? Oh yeah, right-between the power mower and the weed killer. Hey, why don't you just keep your room and we'll put the baby in the back yard. Honey that's very mature, I'm proud of you Vada. Ahh, strike, not, not bad at all. No, this talk isn't about sex, it's, well there've been a lot of changes, and I know you're upset about losing your room, but the baby's gotta go somewhere. She told me too, I mean, she told me she told you about sex, I personally new about sex long before I met Shelly. No, I just thought it'd be nice if the two of us had an evening out so we could... talk. Me? What makes you think there's something on my mind? Well you know what I mean. Okay thanks, atta girl. Well not far, just down the hall. Plus Grammoo's room's a lot bigger, and you get a view of the whole neighborhood. Well the thing is your room is right next door to ours, and so we thought, well, I thought, if you were willing we might move you to Grammoo's room, and use your old room for the nursery. See we're gonna be up half the night with a newborn and there'll be a lot of noise.... I got a card from your Uncle Phil in Los Angeles today, said he went body surfing. Vada, try to scrunch these chairs together a little more. Maybe he's hungry. I'm sorry I couldn't come pick you up honey. Reason? What reason? I really think we're going overboard for just a simple school assignment. Yeah and they forgot to ask for one who wasn't having hormone surges. Disaster, disaster lurks behind every palm tree. She can spread her wings, right here in Pennsylvania. You don't send a child alone to Los Angeles, she could come back with her ears pierced, her legs shaved and God knows what else. Ah, well, I bought her this huge pumpkin for Halloween, but she couldn't bear to carve it so she saved it for weeks, and it ended up under the Christmas tree. I told you about the pumpkin didn't I? How about a nice glass of milk? Well if there was an article about it I'm sure she did. She was always reading. Oh, Shell, that's ridiculous, where are my needle nosed pliers? Oh, she's fine, she'll love her new room. Vada I wanna ask you a favor, remember you can absolutely say no if you want to. Well you should at least try a little bit. Hey you're not eating your meatloaf.She didn't wanna miss out on anything...especially motherhood...it got to be a real problem with us. Maggie wanted to have a baby...and...umm...I didn't. Honey I'd be proud to be your father, really. It just isn't so. Wait...woah...woah...wait a minute...Do you think I'm your father? I'd say you turned out just fine. Well I didn't know about you until after she was gone. It's good to see Maggie again...and you. Would you like...eh...to have these movies? We performed on the beach one summer...ha...everything went wrong. I've got something better. Well, we didn't have a camera...so she just wrote the date on the bag and said, &quot;This will be out wedding album, this will be a day we will never forget.&quot; We never did. I'll try. Yeah like, switching a lamp on and off when she was talking about lightning...audiences love stuff like that. And your mom knew how to work an audience. That's all right, you know what? You sound just sounded just like your mother...she told great stories. Stories with crazy accents and...special effects. Hillary Mitchell? How's she? Yeah, come on, let's talk. I'm glad you're here. Does she? Umm...can you come in for a minute? I was hoping I'd get to meet you. Maggie...Maggie's little girl. Sure am, who are you?All right, so when did she have you between all her acting and spying and getting caught? Oh please, who do you think you're kidding? And where did she spy on the Russians from, here in Pennsylvania?? You're crazy, what was her big achievement? Did she invent gravity? Vada, he was giving you an easy out so you wouldn't have to write about your mother. Well if it isn't Vada, the grasshopper girl. Is it okay if I drink this?I'm Sam Helburn. Sam. Then I have come to the right place. Ehh...I'm staying at the chateau and the guy who runs the garage there said that you're the best Jag people in town...so uhm. Hi. Hi there...can I help you? If you're selling Girl Scout cookies I'm borderline diabetic. Happy hunting. If it's in here at all, it's in the back two rows. It's no problem, I had a mother once myself.I'm sure she did. You know I've been re-reading Virginia Woolf, I think she'd be a natural for you, she led a fascinating life. Hey Vada. How's your report coming? Your mother? Vada what about you, who have you come up with? Vada?So charge him with something...who's gonna know? I'm sorry okay...we gotta find this guy because...he knew Vada's mom and he could tell her stuff that no one else knows. Look, sergeant I know I said some things last time that I shouldn't have said at all but... Give us a break. All you have to do is make a phone call. What about giving the other guy a break. What kind of sleazoid geek would turn her in? MOM! You're over reacting! If the fruit burst into flames I'll be prepared. I won't. I want juice! I...ahhh...umm...I'm thirsty. But we made a business deal. Thanks Good-bye, look in your backpack. No? Write me a poem? Part adventure...part miracle. I wouldn't say it was terrible...it was...kind of... Some sacrifices are worth it. You better ace it...you sacrificed our whole vacation. Yeah? That thing you said about your nose...it was a stranger's nose...well it's not...it's...I mean...it's yours...you know? Like what? He's an undertaker. No...it was me. And I'm sorry mom, really, ju...just tell me what to do, I'll do anything. I already did, it's a totally barbaric custom...but on you, it looks good. Good. I mean... But we wouldn't really be related right? And you'd be my cousin? This is a totally barbaric custom. What do you think? Big deal. I'm afraid your feet won't fit in there. Here's Judy Garland! Never heard of her. You mean, this ring? It's dangerous!! What are you doing? You can't go in there! Where are you going??? It was an accident, I'll get you a new one. ...I dropped it. Uh oh... Woah, watch it! Just come and get it...right here! Come and get it. Hey relax, I'm not gonna break it. I'm not gonna break it, I just wanna see it change colors. Maybe it'll fit my pinkie. Let me see if it changes colors on me. Do you think your friend's up in Heaven now, looking down on you and watching you all the time? Boyfriend? Does it work? Hey what do I care...I mean, consider the sorts, a chick from Pennsylvania, who wears a mood ring. You are weird. Let's just go. Look at it this way, however bad I feel, it isn't as bad as becoming extinct in a bottomless pit of tar. If he has a heart attack you're carrying the body down yourself. Boy, you're really into this. Just call us the &quot;dead end kids&quot;. You'd rather have a mother that's a member of the police state? Rules are made to be broken. Just ask him. I think it's cool. Care for a smoke? Who are you? Hitler's hall monitor? You saved a lot of lives, you should be very proud. What if you don't wanna be found? What, you think the guy should change his name? Get married? Don't forget, the girls change their names if they got married. I love the fragrance of chilidogs. Yearbooks always set you out for disappointment, I want mine to say: Nick probably won't amount to much, so don't be surprised if you never hear anything about him again. Can we go?...It smells like someone left their gym bag in here. A big difference, if someone found it we should keep looking, if they didn't we're just wasting our time. I never did understand that story, did someone find the needle or not? I don't mean to alarm you, but I'm getting a nose bleed from the altitude. Calm down! We just have to ask ourselves, where your books come from. Vada. They obviously have no sense of historical perspective either. Getting off please. I didn't ask for the money, Phil just gave it to me. You know eavesdropping is a very unattractive habit. And you're gonna solve the mystery? TAXI!!! Yeah, RIGHT. No THANKS! Phil, I think you should consider... fades as Vada walks off No problem. Wow! What's it for? What's that? Muh??You're a good man Nicholas. Well I know you're not crazy about taking Vada around tomorrow, so...I just want you to know I appreciate it though. For the mini-bike fund. Ten bucks. I'd consider it a personal favor. Rose this not the place to be having this... You stay out of this, look, if I had a red XK-150 with a black interior, I sure as hell wouldn't be handing out relationship advice. Who cares? Rose, tell him we have an arrangement. Okay, that does it, that does it, the strudel does it, first it's brakes then.... I mean I am not gonna let some Podiatrist with a Jaguar full of strudel come waltzing in here and.... Doctor Helburn, what a surprise. In the last couple of days we've changed your oil, realigned your brakes, balanced and rotated your tires, aligned your front end, and flushed out your entire cooling system, I really didn't expect to be seeing you for another three thousand miles. Was Rose. Sounds great, well you give 'em both one of these for me. No, you're the best and I don't want you talking to anybody on the plane. Okay...take your time...I'll...I'll go for a walk around. You want me to come with? This is it I guess. Then again, your dad's got his own memories and he's got his own life now...I think this is a secret just between you and your mom. I don't know, he's got an awful lot on his mind right now. Then we'll keep driving...you'll decide. How's this for a solution. We'll take a drive over to his place, you can introduce yourself.... Uhh sweetie, I wou... I wou...I wou... Lock the door. I'll do better than that. I'll send you off with your own private guide. Vada, I know that traditionally you're not supposed to do a lot of these things before you're officially married...but these are very, very special circumstances. Yes, it does. Committed. That's ridiculous, I'm...I'm very, umm, what do you call it? Dating, seriously dating. You're thirsty, want something to drink? Sure you do, it's been a long trip. Ahh, that's right, like one big happy family. This is Nick's room and uhh.... Uh huh, well...good to know. Phil hands Nick a 5 note How about Nick? Did he take good care of you? Vada!! Vada runs and jumps into Phil's arms Look at you, oh hi, hi, hi!! How are you? You look great, how's Shelly? Your dad? Is that a yes? You know how I feel about you. You know exactly...what kind it is. Come on Rose...what do you want from me? Wha...what do you mean? We have a date every night. Wait, are you saying that I don't appreciate? You know where the fire extinguisher is. We may go out for coffee after the meeting so don't expect us before midnight. Anyone with taste, anyone with breeding.... A gentleman, would choose British racing green, with maybe a tan interior...but when you buy a red car, with a black interior and wire wheels, you have one thing on your mind and one thing only and I'm too much of a gentleman to say what that one thing is...in front of the children. Hi! Oh...what's that? God? No I didn't think you'd want to invoke God Rose, because he saw even more than I did. ROSE Look Phil, if you want the rights of a husband, you're gonna have to ask me something but if not, you're gonna have to get accustomed to the rights of what you are. He was caressing. What's with the touching, why was he touching you? Oh I see, 'cause usually that doesn't require such a lengthy consultation. Then you'll be all set. Come on...I'll show you where you're gonna stay. Who knew that when I started working in the finest foreign car shop in LA, I would also find the light of my life.I don't think the color of the interior is.... And you certainly shouldn't settle for anything less that you deserve. Well, wha...what kind of arrangement? I'm not a Podiatrist, I'm a Cardiologist. Oh what can I say Phil, it's just that I feel so welcome here. Well Rose was being very thorough. I'll see you then...I look forward to it. Ahh, why don't I come in first thing in the morning and you can check out that left blinker for me. Hungarian. Famous for their beautiful music...and beautiful women. All right, so you don't like jewelry but...eh...you do like...eh...good music. Liszt, one of my favorites. Where I come from, involvement...generally calls for a substantial piece of jewelry. Sort of? You couldn't? Well, even without anesthesia I always tell my patients to...eh... to relax. Something wrong? Good morning. I'll be here. ...so I guess I'll always...teach...you know...'cause it makes a good relief from the operating-room, I feel I have an obligation... ...It's all in the hands really. You know you have nice hands, you operate? Mostly...little babies, but...not exclusively. I'm a pediatric cardiologist. I was commenting on your hair. Oh, ahh, oil change, I...ehh...I just drove in from Chicago and uhh...nice hair. Nothing, nothing at all.I would have tried to show her a good time. I promised her when she left that I would never forget her and I never did. Stanley Rosenfeld does not forget. No it doesn't but... I...I wish it did. Everybody did, walk along Citrus between Fountain and Sunset any afternoon. He is? Beidermeyer that's it, what a mad man. Who didn't? She could play basketball like Jerry West, she danced like Sid Cherice, then she'd look at you with those big blue eyes, forget about it. I asked her out a couple of times but she always said no.