I don't follow. I don't know. A couple months. Why? We'll work something out. I'm sure you'll be happy with it. I know. We asked him to keep it kind of surprise until we talked. Look, how about we get in touch your agent. You still with Jerry? Sweetie, you've got lots of fans, we've done market studies. You rate right up there. We've already got Chase working on a prototype for the glove. I'm sure we can match any offer. Come on. Kids love horror. So? Sort of a trial balloon. He's not showing it until it's down. But it sounds hot, and we wanted to get all our stars lined up in case it is. You and Robert got great ratings today. Which is the first thing we needed to know. He's excited about the script. You should be too. It stars you. He's very excited about it. Believe it or not, he told me I hadn't heard from him in ten years because he hasn't had any good nightmare. They're his inspiration. But now he's got a new script in the works. We did. Bad mistake. The fans are clamoring for more. So, Evil never dies, right? Anyway, a while back we got a call from Wes. He's got this idea. And who better to resurrect Freddy than his creator?I'll be there in three hours. Forget those two clowns, Heather. Answer me, did you get another call from that guy or not? Heather, has there been another call? Like what? What? What kind of episode? Heather, I'm stuck here. Neither Chuck or Terry came in today. I can't get away! What's up? Heather? 48 hours. Back before you know it. I should survive two days in Palmdale supplying soap bubbles for a detergent commercial, don't you think? You probably were half awake and saw me get nicked by that picture glass. Dreams work like that. You want me not to go on this job? Maybe you should tell me your dream. Okay, but it still doesn't mean it can't be over with. You've got to get back on the horse some time. Look, you've had a nutcase making harassing phone calls. I know how scary that feels. Hasn't been another call, has there? Anything other than the obvious bothering you? You get any sleep last night? I'm sorry. At least we're in on piece. Just an earthquake, Dylan. Every once in a while we get a few. Might as well be, Dylan. State of the art animatronics enhanced with bio- organic grafting. Bull tendons, nerve bundles from a Doberman, even half the brain of a homicidal primate was...What? No way he's going anywhere. He's been well sedated. Very well. As soon as we gather the appropriate papers... Just a quick word, Ms. Langenkamp. For Dylan's sake. He was here. You fell asleep. We took him. You looked so exhausted, frankly, we didn't wake you. Besides, the young woman, Julie, is with him. Believe me, everything is fine. Ms. Langenkamp. I suggest you go home and get some rest. Your son is fine. He's been taken downstairs for further testing. Get her back! I've got to go in! Get me a full anesthetic, STAT! These look quite fresh. If these had been a few inches nearer to the wrist... What did you say you cut yourself on? Dylan? He's holding well. Earlier he had some problems, he's in an oxygen tent just now... Ms. Langenkamp. I'm afraid there are no evening visiting hours in Intensive Care. Sometimes what a child says or fantasizes will give a clue to what ails him. Did he say anything while he was still lucid? Absolutely. Was there any trigger event? A trauma, shock or... You haven't shown him any of the films you make, have you? The horror stuff? Diabetes? Any history of epilepsy in your family?Read me some? A story? Here. Coming for you... Hurry back, please. I'm sleepy. Right 'cross the freeway. Can we go get Rex, now? The bad man's getting awful close. Home. Can you come with me in my dreams? Why does God let there be bad things? Do you have to die to see God? Trying to get up...trying to get into our world. Under my covers. Kids singing, and way down there, the man...the mean man... In my bed. I can't sleep there, Mommy. Please! Not sleepy. Rex woke me up. He was fighting. He can follow the breadcrumbs, right? Don't let the bedbugs bite. The mean old man with the claws. "Then their father covered them with kisses and they were safe." No. Tonight. It's important! Say how they find their way back home. I like this story. Finish, please! Rex saved me. Bye. Someone's coming. You going away? no.No, you don't, ma'am, it's not necessary. I'm afraid there was an accident. It appears he fell asleep while driving, ma'am. Is Chase Porter your husband? Heather Langenkamp?Maybe we should ask him, hmmm? We've got a surprised, Heather. A great big surprise for you and our audience. And how about your co-star in NIGHTMARE I. Would you trust him alone with your child? Do you let your child watch your movies? Now that you have a child, is it possible you've decided horror is bad for children?Yeah, sure. What are you talking about? Holy... You're right. That sounds crazy! You got it. What's happening? John Saxon. Do you have any idea what time it is? Absolutely. And how many times has Letterman called the cops thinking that woman was down in his kitchen again? It gets under your skin if you let it. Six weeks of this, and you're surprised you've got Freddy in your dreams? Hell, Sonny Bono says after a while he was seeing his stalker everywhere. Even at Mass. Steady... Kids know when something's bugging a parent. You've got no idea who this is calling? Really? Hell, if having a screwy family made you crazy, the world'd be one colossal nuthouse. Seemed, not was. You didn't jump in. You're not crazy, by the way. When it is denial. I don't think that's the case here, but if you're really worried, have a doctor check him out. You'll see, everything's fine. Quake knocked you off your feet. You got bumped pretty good, actually.Listen, dammit. You're kidding, right? The car's no there yet? Studio B.The way he's writing is so weird, who knows? I asked him how far he'd gotten at the funeral, and what was it he said...? Oh yeah, as far as Dylan trying to reach God. Weird, huh, that he'd have your kid in it? Wes won't show it until it's finished. That's what he told me, at least. I asked him at the funeral. Call it a guess... Darker. More...evil? Must've read about the funeral. Sick mother. That's the last thing you need right now, I'm sure. Heather? You doing okay? Just because it's a love story doesn't mean it can't have a decapitation or two. Everything went great, I thought. We really got you, didn't we? You okay?Whether or not you're willing to play Nancy one last time. The way to stop him is to make another movie. And I swear to you I'll stay at my computer and keep writing until I finish the script. But when that time comes... You're gonna have to make a choice. Heather, it's just a movie, a dream, really... But it was you that gave Nancy her strength. So to get out he has to come through you. And it's inevitable that he'll hit you at your most vulnerable points... Dramatically speaking it makes perfect sense. You played Nancy, after all, the first to humiliate and defeat him. Interestingly enough, in the dreams there is one person. A gatekeeper, so to speak. Someone Freddy's got to get by before he can enter our world. It's you, Heather. Well, see, he's gotten used to being Freddy now. And kinda likes it here in our time and space, too. So...he's trying to cross over, from film into our reality. That's not what the dreams say he's doing. Current version. For ten years he's been imprisoned as Freddy by the story of Nightmare on Elm Street. But now that the films have stopped- The genie's out of the bottle, Heather, that's what the nightmares are about. That's what I'm writing. Exactly. The problem comes when the story dies. It happens a lot of different ways, the story gets too familiar, or too watered down by people trying to make it easier to sell, or ti's labeled a threat to society and just plain banned. However it happens, when the story dies, the evil is set free. By storytellers, of all things. Every so often, they imagine a story good enough to catch its essence. Then it's held prisoner for a while. In the story. It can be captured, sometimes. I think of it as sort of a nightmare in progress. Killing innocence, one way or the other. I can tell you what the nightmares are about. They're about this...entity. Whatever you want to call it. It's old, very old, and it's taken different forms in different times. The only thing that stays the same about it is what it lives for.