Twelve years, sir. Captain=8A Captain. Perhaps you have forgotten that tomorrow is the christening ceremony. Actually, Captain, your precise target area was thirty-five meters that way.Approximately forty-seven minutes, sir. Sorry, sir. There is too much interference in the planet's ionosphere for an accurate reading. "Lifeforms tiny little lifeforms. Where are the lifeforms-" Approximately two hundred thirty million. Veridian III is uninhabited, but Veridian IV supports a pre-industrial humanoid society. It should be noted, sir, that the collapse of the Veridian star would produce a shock wave similar to the one we observed at Amargosa. Yes, sir. There are two in the Veridian system. I believe so. I believe so. This is its current position. The destruction of the Amargosa star has altered the gravitational forces throughout the sector. Any ship passing through this region will have to make a minor course correction. According to our current information, the destruction of the Amargosa star has had the following effects in this sector: gamma emissions have increased by .05 percent, the starship Bozeman was forced to make a course correction, a research project on Gorik IV was halted due to increased neutrino particles, ambient magnetic fields have decreased by- Guilt. It is a most unpleasant feeling. But I did not deal with it, sir. I let it prevent me from helping my friend. Does that make me a coward? I wanted to save Geordi. I tried. But I experienced something I did not expect. I believe it was fear. No, sir. I am finding it difficult to concentrate. I believe I am overwhelmed with feelings of remorse and regret concerning my actions on the observatory. It will take a few moments for the computer to compile the information. The star's destruction has had numerous astro-physical effects within this sector. However, none of them appear to have a connection to the energy ribbon. Sorry, Captain. The ribbon has already entered the galaxy. It will pass through this sector in approximately thirty-one hours. According to our information, the ribbon is a conflux of temporal energy which travels through our galaxy every 39.1 years One minute to warp core breach. I believe the emotional chip has overloaded my positronic relays. I am sorry, but I cannot stop myself. I think something is wrong It appears to be a magnetically sealed. I know. I just got it. It was very funny. During the Farpoint mission. We were on the Bridge and you told a joke. That was the punchline. I get it. I get it. I am uncertain. I have had little experience with emotions. I am unable to articulate the sensation. I believe the beverage has provoked an emotional response. Agreed. That is true. However, I believe my growth as an artificial lifeform has reached an impasse. For thirty-four years I have endeavored to become more "human"- to grow beyond my original programming. And yet I am still unable to grasp such a simple concept as humor. This emotion chip is the only answer. It has occurred to me on several occasions. But I believe this may be the appropriate time. I was attempting to get in the spirit of things. I thought it would be humorous. Is she still angry? I have rerouted auxiliary power to the lateral thrusters- attempting to level our descent. Perhaps. Yes! If we sent a low-level ionic pulse, it might reset the coil and engage the cloaking systems. I hope so, sir. I am quite...preoccupied with concern about Geordi. Sensors show five life signs aboard the station, Captain.You did it, Kirk! Damage report, Ensign. I'll go. You have the Bridge. Beam them directly to Sickbay. On screen. Signal the closest starship. We're in no condition to mount a rescue. We don't even have a full crew aboard. Can you locate them? What about the gravimetric distortions? They'll tear us apart. It won't be installed until Tuesday. Ensign Sulu, try generating a subspace field around the ships. That might break them free. We don't have a tractor beam. Please, I insist. Prepare to leave spacedock. Aft thrusters ahead one quarter, port and starboard at station keeping. Captain Kirk, I'd be honored if you would give the order to get underway. Excuse me, gentlemen, if you'll take your seats. Please, please. I'm Captain John Harriman. I'd like to welcome you all aboard.Yes, well, congratulations, Ensign. It wouldn't be the Enterprise without a Sulu at the helm. But that wasn't so long ago. It couldn't have been more than... I don't want to hear anymore about it. I'm not going, and that's final. Tomorrow I want to make a tri-elliptical jump. That's where you jump out over Northern China and make three complete orbits before you start re-entry. Thanks for pointing that out. Risk is part of the game if you want to sit in that chair. You left spacedock without a tractor beam? No, no. Thank you. Oh, of course. Well, may we have a look around? It's our pleasure. Least I could do for a captain of the Enterprise. Did we do it? Did we make a difference? Of course, if Spock were here, he'd say I was being an irrational, illogical human for wanting to go on a mission like that. I take it the odds are against us and the situation is grim? How can I argue with the captain of the Enterprise? What was the name of that planet=8A Veridian III? Close to retirement? Captain of the Enterprise, huh? She's not real either, is she? Nothing here is. Nothing here matters. This is my uncle's barn in Iowa. No, no, it's not. It's better. I don't need to be lectured by you. I was out saving the galaxy when your grandfather was still in diapers. And frankly, I think the galaxy owes me one I was like you once- so worried about duty and obligations that I couldn't see anything past this uniform. And in the end, what did it get me? Nothing. Not this time. You said history considers me dead. Who am I to argue with history? Temporal nexus, yeah, I heard you. Something's missing. So you're telling me this is the 24th-century, and I'm dead? This clock, I gave this clock to Bones. Beautiful day, isn't it? Kirk here. Keep her together until I get back. Where are the deflector relays? Load torpedo bays, prepare to fire on my command. A photon torpedo? I thought you might. The first thing you learn as captain is how to cheat death. Scotty? Phasing? To where? Sulu. When did he find the time for a family? You know, Scotty, it amazes me. When I retired, I swore I'd never set foot on a starship again, and I meant it. I'm not going Scotty, help me with this chute. OhThat's it, Bridge- we're all out! We better get you back to the ship La Forge to Enterprise. Data, are you all right? Data, this isn't the time. I don't see a control panel, or an access port. Thanks. The Farpoint mission? Data, that was seven years ago. What? You get what? Really? What do you feel? Well? But at the first sign of trouble, I'm going to deactivate it. Agreed? Wait a minute. I thought you've always been afraid it would overload your neural net. Data, you're not thinking about using that thing are you? No, but I'd stay out of Sickbay for a while if I were you. I still don't know why you dropped her in the water. I told you everything. You might as well just kill me right now. No, I didn't know that. Yeah, they're full of great ideas. Guinan? I don't know what you're talking about. No. I was ordered to by the Captain. What do you want? What's normal?Target their Bridge. Where is he now? He is. It's working. We'll consider it a prisoner exchange. HoS qorDu.I have to find a way to get to Soran. Commander. Population? Are any of them inhabited? And destroy every planet in the system. That's where he's going. He can't go to the ribbon, so he's trying to make the ribbon come to him. Data, is it going to pass near any M-Class planets? Now, you said the gravitational forces in this sector have been altered, could that also affect the course of the ribbon? Courage is an emotion too, Data. Now, can you project the course of the ribbon? Can you project its course? Wait. The Bozeman,why did it change course? No. And what you must try to avoid is becoming consumed by another emotion which I believe you're beginning to experience: guilt. Fear is a very difficult emotion to overcome. It's something we all have to learn to deal with. What do you mean? Data, are you all right? Give me a list of those effects. I want to know every single thing which has been altered or changed, no matter how insignificant. Guinan said Soran was trying to get back to the ribbon. If that's true, then there must be some connection with the Amargosa star. Data? When is it expected back? You're right. I'll need help. Guinan, will you come back with me? Together, we could- I know exactly where I want to go, and when. Back to that mountaintop on Veridian III, before Soran put out the star. I have to stop him. I don't understand. Can I? Guinan, can I leave the Nexus? These are my children...my children. Where is he now? Soran? Left behind? Guinan, what are you doing here? I thought you were on the Enterprise. But I never had a wife, children, a home like this. This is the Nexus? Guinan, what's going on? Where am I? But why destroy a star? Thank you, Guinan. Your "sixth sense"- I've always wondered where it came from. And what about Soran? What happened to you? What's the "Nexus"? Guinan. It's important that you tell me what you know. We think Soran's developed a weapon...a terrible weapon. It might give him enough power to- Do you remember him? Yes. Thank you. I'll find a way to contact the Enterprise. You're going to be all right. You could say that. That's right. I hadn't planned on it. That's right. Antonia? Better? You're a Starfleet officer and you have a duty to- Not exactly. As I said, this is some kind of- I'm from what you would consider the future; the 24th-century. Yes, yes, it is. You may still. Somehow I doubt this will be the last ship to carry the name Enterprise. Too big. How long until the ribbon arrives? They're just trying to decide whether a twenty year-old Klingon Bird of Prey is any match for the Federation flagship. How is that possible? Report. No. Thank you. Understood. That will be all. Thank you, Number One. Is there a problem? Hmm, Inform Starfleet Command. This could indicate a new Romulan threat in this sector. There's still no indication of why they attacked the station? Make it so. Imagine what it was like, Will. No engines, no computers, just the wind, the sea and the stars to guide you. Well, now that we're all aboard=8A Number One, bring the ship before the wind. Let's see what's out there. Don't you think you're taking this a little too far, Number One? Mr. Data, scan the planet for lifeforms. My brother had shouldered that burden, allowing me to pursue my own selfish needs. Ever since I was a little boy, I remember hearing about the family line. The Picards that fought at Trafalgar, the Picards that settled the first Martian colony. When my brother married and had a son... In a way, he was as close as I ever came to having a child of my own. What I can't get out of my mind is the image of Rene- my nephew. I just can't believe he's gone. All right, all right. You've made your point. Well, with all due respect to your Betazoid senses, I prefer to be alone right now. As ship's counselor, it's your duty to know not only when you're needed but also when you're not. Well, I appreciate your concern, but I'd rather not discuss it right now, thank you. Counselor. What can I do for you? Yes. Fine. If you'll excuse me. Thank you. The Nexus. We're all mortal, Soran. It's one of the truths of ou existence. Not if it means killing over two hundred million people. I wonder, did your wife Leandra know that she married a man who was capable of mass murder? The thought had crossed my mind. We're doing the best we can. Now if you'll excuse me... Doctor, we're still conducting an investigation into the attack. Once we've completed our work, we'll be happy to allow you and your fellow scientists back aboard the observatory. Until then- Nothing for me. I understand there's something urgent you need to discuss with me. Doctor Soran?All hands, brace for impact! Could we access the defective coil and trigger their cloak? We all are, Data. But we're going to get him back. Looks like you're stuck with emotions for a while. How do you feel? The station complement was nineteen. I always thought I'd have a crack at this chair one day. That's a pretty big margin of error. Maybe they're not out there. A quantum implosion has occurred within the Amargosa star. All nuclearfusion is breaking down. Sir, is there anything wrong? There is something else, Captain. One of the scientists, a Doctor Soran,has insisted on speaking with you. I told him you were busy, sir, but he said it was absolutely imperative that he speak with you right away. No, sir. You want me to contact Starfleet? We think they were looking for something- they practically tore the place apart. Sir? Bad food, brutal discipline. No women. Aye, aye, sir. Take the wheel, Commander. When we went to ancient Rome for Deanna's promotion, we threw her to the lions, remember? We're only going to get one shot at this. Target their primary reactor. With any luck, their warp core should implode. Worf, prepare a spread of photon torpedoes. We'll have to hit them the instant they begin to cloak. Right. And they'll be vulnerable for at least two seconds. Data,lock onto that plasma coil. Plasma coils...is there any way we can use that to our advantage? Lock phasers and return fire! Lursa and B'Etor? This doesn't make any sense. A renowned stellar physicist somehow uses a trilithium probe to destroy a star, kidnaps Geordi and escapes with a pair of Klingon renegades. Why? What the hell's going on? The star's going to collapse in a matter of minutes. Have Geordi and Data go over with the next Away Team. Tell them to scan the observatory for trilithium. Why were they looking for it on a Federation observatory? It doesn't make any sense. Trilithium? Well, that narrows it to Klingon, Breen or Romulan. It looks like we're too late. You see the top yardarm, now look to the-Captain, I don't know how much longer I can hold her together! I always do. Captain, it may be possible to simulate a torpedo blast using a resonance burst from the main deflector dish. Aye. An anti-matter discharge directly ahead=8A it might disrupt the field long enough for us to break away. But I do have a theory... There's just no way to disrupt a gravimetric field of this magnitude! Their life signs are are phasing in and out of our space-time continuum. It's like you always said- if something's important enough, you make the time. And what would that be, sir? What do you mean, you're not going? We promised. I've warned ye about that back of yours. You should have a doctor take a look at it.We learn something new about ourselves every day. Now. Maybe I didn't make myself clear. It is very important that you tell me exactly what Captain Picard knows. I just stopped your heart for five seconds. It felt like an eternity, didn't it? Did you know that you can stop the human heart for up to ten minutes before the onset of brain damage? Oh, I forgot to tell you. While you were unconscious, I injected a nano-probe into your bloodstream. It's been navigating your cardiovascular system, and right now I've attached it to your left ventricle. A little trick I picked up from the Borg. What about Guinan? What has she told you about me? Let's try to move beyond the usual prisoner-interrogator banter, shall we? You have information and I need it. Did the Captain explain his orders to you? Did he say why you were searching for trilithium? I don't want a science lecture. You were on that observatory looking for trilithium. Why? Normal is what everyone else is, and what you are not. A remarkable piece of equipment, but a little inelegant, wouldn't you say? Have you ever considered a prosthesis that would make you look a little more...normal? Careful, Captain. That's a fifty gigawatt forcefield. I wouldn't want to see you get hurt. Time has no meaning there. The predator has no teeth. What if I told you I found a new truth? I've spent eighty years looking for another way, Captain. This is the only one. Of course, you could always come with me. You fancy yourself an explorer. Here's a chance to explore something no human has ever experienced. The only possible reason you're here is because you're not entirely confident you can shoot down my probe after all. So you've come to dissuade me from my horrific plan. Good luck. You must think I'm quite the madman. The timing is very important on my experiment- if it is not completed within the next twelve hours, years of research will be lost. Yes. I need to return to the observatory immediately. I must continue a critical experiment I was running on the Amargosa star. Yes, yes, Captain. Thank you for coming.Or perhaps they're on the surface. There's nothing selfish about pursuing your own life, your own career. You felt it was no longer your responsibility to carry on the family line. Your family history is very important to you, isn't it? It's only natural to feel a heightened sense of tragedy when a child dies. But it goes deeper than that, doesn't it? I can sense that Rene meant a great deal to you. Captain, Im sorry. I know there were a lot of unresolved conflicts between you and your brother. Very well. I suppose I could make out my weekly report to Starfleet Command without your input. "Admiral Lusby, regarding the unusual behavior of Jean-Luc Picard: I find him increasingly irritable, remote and uncooperative. I recommend forced shore leave at a Starbase facility in order to-" You can't fool an empath, Captain. I know exactly when I'm needed. I'm afraid I can't just leave it at that. The commanding officer of this ship is clearly distraught about something. As ship's counselor, it's my duty to- Actually, I'm here to see if there's anything I can do for you. Captain, are you all right?Aye, sir. As their cloak begins to engage, their shields will drop. I do not see how. The plasma coil is part of their cloaking device. It is a Class D-12 Bird of Prey. They were retired from service because of defective plasma coils. They have found a way to penetrate our shields. I have spoken to the Klingon High Council, sir. They identified the Bird of Prey as belonging to the Duras sisters. Sensor records show a solar probe was launched from the observatory a few moments ago. Aye, sir. An experimental compound the Romulans have been working on. In theory, a trilithium-based explosive would be thousands of times more powerful than an anti-matter weapon. But they never found a way to stabilize it. One of the dead Romulans had a tricorder. We analyzed its sensor logs and found they were scanning for signature particles of a compound called trilithium. These blast patterns are consistent with Type III disruptors. There are no other ships in the system. The royal...studs?