The Hoop-dee-doo! The Hoopsucker! The Daddy-Oh! The Shazzammeter! Snappy. Something short. The Jerky Circle! We'll call it the Flying Donut!The Hudsucker Hoop! The Hudswinger! The Circle-o'-Gaiety! The Hipster! With a little jazz. Sharp. The Dancing Dingus!Cheap! Cheap! It's never been more valuable! And I'm ruined! Ruined! I had twenty thousand shares! I'd be a millionaire now! Nobody told me! Nobody told me! You sold all of our stock? He didn't look unhappy! My God, why?! Why did he do it?! Things were going so well!Forty-eight years... Nooo, I don't guess you will be. Terrific. I'm sure you do. Tell me about it. Terrific.Martinis are for squares, man. It's a juice and coffee bar, man, like I been tellin' ya -- Yeah, daddy, that's a roger, but we don't sell alcohol. Daddy, it's like I been tellin' ya --...It's the most beautiful t'ing I ever saw. ...Geez. This you're familia' with. You know what they're doin' now, Lou. What the heck's she doin', Lou?And Sid says you stole it! Say, that was a swell idea! But he told me you stole that swell hoop idea from me. What gives! Sure, Mr. Muss -- uh, Sid said I could have the job back. Nah, that's all forgotten. Aw, buddy, I don't care about that. I'm sorry, buddy... I'm sorry... I understand if ya don't like the Buzz-Sucker! Just lemme keep my job, I'm prayin' to ya! Aw, please, sir -- this job, it's all I got! Awwww, buddy -- Wuddya mean, buddy? Geez, I'm sorry, buddy -- But, buddy, you were -- But, buddy -- Yeah, but, buddy -- Huh?! But, buddy -- I like to think so! It's this little idea I been working on! My pleasure, sir. Waring Hudsucker! Na-ha-ha-ha-ha! Say, buddy! When is the sidewalk fully dressed? When it's 'wearing' Hudsucker! Na-ha-ha-ha! Say, buddy! Who's the most liquid businessman on the street? Waring Hudsucker! Na-ha-ha-ha-ha! Say, buddy! Forty-four, the top brass floor say, buddy! What takes fifty years to get up to the top floor and thirty seconds to get down? ...What's your pleasure, buddy?Amy -- take a break. You've worked hard on this story -- heck, you broke it for us! But it's passed you by and Smith here has taken up the slack. Whatever! It's no dig on you, Archer, but this story is hot and you're no longer on top of it. Why, it's the scoop of the century -- the other papers won't have the Gunderson dope 'til tomorrow -- The Allemeinischer Zeitung, Le Figaro, they'll be choking on our dust come mornin' -- Archer, you're a broken record. Fact is Gunderson did design it -- apparently he's some kind of prodigy -- He grins wolfishly. Watch it, Archer -- Whatever. That's what sells newspapers. You don't know anything! Fact is they haven't bought it! The stock is cheap, Archer! What're they waiting for? It's pure speculation! Why, they'd have my butt in a satchel! I can't print this!Well, do a follow-up: Hoover: Hero or Mama's Boy? The rest of you bums get up off your brains and get me that Idea Man story! Yeah, well, monkey or not I'm still editor of this rag. Amy, I thought you were doing that piece on the F.B.I. -- J. Edgar Hoover: When Will He Marry? Sez who? Phony, huh?...Yeah, go ahead. -- tough titty toenails! Yeah, yeah, it's the standard resignation boilerplate -- go down to the second paragraph. Yeah, go ahead. Might learn somethin'. Well, why don't ya read it. Ah, it's New Year's, I'm not gonna add to your woes. I'm just saying. Failure to deliver a Blue Letter is grounds for dismissal. It's sittin' in your apron pocket, right where you left it. Imbecile. Anyway. Any particular reason you didn't give him my Blue Letter? I mean, Jesus, Norman, just a dying man's last words and wishes, no big deal. Mm. Well, say what you like about the man's ethics, he's a balls-to- the-wall businessman. Beat ya any way he can. Straight for the jugular. Very effective. ...Jesus Christopher -- That smarts... Where was I? Oh yeah, the board. I guess Sidney's been puttin' the screws to ya, huh, Norman?I don't care if you're president of the company! I need that voucher! Now! I need that voucher! I told you a week ago it was important! Barnes! Where the hell have you been! And where's my voucher?! Yeah?Them po' young folks. Looks like Norville's in fo' the same kind o' heartache ol' Warin' had. But then, she never axed me 'bout dat... Okay, Miss Archuh. ...I got gears to see to. I don't mean that! Why you pretendin' to be such a hard ol' sourpuss! Ain't never gonna make you happy! Never made Warin' happy. Why you don't even know y'own self -- you ain't exactly the genuine article are you, Miss Archuh? An' only some kind a knucklehead thinks she knows things 'bout things she, uh -- when she don't, uh -- How'd that go? ...But I guess you don't really know him any better than that board does, do ya, Miss Archuh? 'Cause they's little pigglies! They's tryin' to inspire panic, make that stock git cheap so's they can snitch it all up fo' themselves! But Norville, he's got some tricks up his sleeve, he does... But then I figured it out: they did it 'cause they figured young Norville for an imbecile. Like some othuh people ah know. Well, that even surprised ole Moses at fust. I didn't think the Board was that smart. I don't tell no one nothin' lessen they ask. Thatches ain't ole Moses' way. Ah keeps the ol' circle turning -- this ol' clock needs plenty o' care. Time is money, Miss Archuh, and money -- it drives that ol' global economy and keeps big Daddy Earth a-spinnin' on 'roun'. Ya see, without that capital fo'mation -- Ah guess ole Moses knows jes about ever'thing, leastways if it concerns Hudsuckuh.Sure, sure, we'd all be millionaires. There's no point in looking back. At the time, Stilson thought dumping our position would panic the market, further depress the stock -- then we'd buy it all back, and more of course, once it got cheap -- We dumped the whole load. Now quit showboating, Addison -- What am I a headshrinker? Maybe the man was unhappy. Ah forget it, kid, ya don't have to explain to me. He's a little person. He's nothing. Like I say, ordinarily it would just be a nuisance. But it seems -- well, there was a spy in the company... It's not important in itself -- some elevator boy you fired came to me claiming you'd stolen the idea for the, uh, the hoop dingus from him -- Mm. Ordinarily I wouldn't bother you with it, but -- this is embarrassing, kid -- it seems to concern you directly. Sure, sure, it's a tough course. Well thanks for coming, kid. I thought the board room would be a swell place to chat undisturbed -- it seems we're having some security problems here at the Hud. ...Congratulations, kid, you've really outdone yourself. Reinvented the wheel. I'm going to recommend to the Board that we proceed immediately with this, uh... with the, uh... that the dingus be mass-produced with all deliberate speed. Of course, as president of the company the ultimate decision is yours. Finally. Damnit, where's my car! I do remember and I was impressed. Anyway, that's all forgotten now. Driver! Relax, Norville. It's only natural in a period of transition for the more nervous element to run for cover. Lobby. We haven't got all day. My God! The Bumstead contracts! Up on your feet! We don't crawl at Hudsucker Industries! Not that way! Through the door! Why you nitwit. You almost destroyed the most sensitive deal of my career! You nitwit! I worked for three years on this deal! My God! The Bumstead contracts!! Get out of my sight. Get your feet off that desk. You're fired. Not even behind your back? ...'Shnook'? 'Dope'? 'Dipstick'? 'Lamebrain'? Sure, sure. And did your classmates there call you 'jerk' or... ...'schmoe'? Hmmm. All right, but you didn't excel in your studies...? ...education, were you? Wait a minute! You, maybe you're the company's biggest moron. We can't use Morris, he's been with us too long, he's a nice guy, too many friends. Matter of fact, why don't you fire him. No -- scratch that; I'll fire him. ...Make it fast, make it fast. Tell him I'll be right there... Well, what is it? ...Who let you in?Aww, what's the difference. I'm all washed up... When you're dead, ya stay dead... Hey, fella! Hey! Where's that martini?! Barman! Set'm up, fella! ...Oh, it's you! Lookin' for a nitwit to buy your lunch?! Huh?! ...You son of a -- Now, Amy -- Worked in a watch factory? Now, Aim -- Now, Aim -- Now, Aim -- We have to be realistic, Amy. You know things have slowed down a little here at Hudsucker -- Know about it? You think the Board would do anything like this without my authorization? No, this was my idea from the start. Well yes, we're pruning away some of the dead wood, but if -- Well, I wouldn't call them nincom -- Oh! Hello, Amy -- was it -- I thought she said, Mamie -- Kiss me once, Amy! Kiss me once for luck! That's it. A great wheel that gives us each what we deserve... Well, can I at least call you deer? Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Seriously, Amy, the whole thing is what your beatnik friends call 'karma' -- the great circle of life, death and rebirth. That kind of person would come back as a wildebeest, or a warthog. No, I think it more likely that you were a gazelle, with long, graceful legs, gamboling through the underbrush. Perhaps we met once, a chance encounter in a forest glade. I must have been an antelope or an ibex. What times we must have had -- foraging together for sustenance, picking the grubs and burrs from one another's coats. Or perhaps we simply touched our horns briefly and went our separate ways... Oh no, Amy, pardon me for saying so but I find that very farfetched. What do you think you were in your previous life, Amy? Well, the Hindus say -- and the beatniks also -- that in the next life some of us will come back as ants. Some will be butterflies. Others will be elephants or creatures of the sea. Every year? You don't say. No! In Vidalia! Farm Route 17! You know, on farm route 17. Didja ever go to the top of old man Larson's feed tower and look out over the town? Oh, I don't blame them, really. I guess I have sort of made a mess of things. These folks have to protect their investment. Most of them are very nice people -- I understand that you're not very skilled yet in the secretarial arts. I'm not that skilled as president. Oh sure, I put up a big front -- -- not that everyone's buying it. I know that, Amy. Oh, it isn't your fault, Amy. You're the one person who's been standing by me through all this. Thanks. People seem to be pretty hot over this imbecile story. Sid found me the icepack. Oh. Nothing, really, just... the more timid investors are no longer running for cover. I bet that's exactly what she tells herself! But you and I both know she's just a dried-up bitter old maid. Say, how about you and I grab a little dinner and a show after work? I was thinking maybe The King and I -- Exactly. And I bet she's ugly. Real ugly. Otherwise, why wouldn't they print her picture next to her byline? Yeah, you know. Probably dresses in men's clothing, swaps drinks with the guys at the local watering hole, and hobnobs with some smooth talking heel in the newsroom named Biff or Smoocher or... Yeah, you know. Suffers from one of these complexes they have nowadays. Seems pretty obvious, doesn't it? She's probably very unattractive and bitter about it. Yeah, you know, probably one of these fast-talking career gals, thinks she's one of the boys. Probably is one of the boys, if you know what I mean. Well, it's done now -- what's the use of grousing about it. Forget the letter, Amy, I just had to blow off some steam... Well, she probably had a deadline... Aww, naw, Amy, that won't be necessary. I shouldn't send it; she's just doing her job, I guess. ...You know! For kids! Oh sure, you're biased -- you're a fellow Muncian. But would an imbecile come up with this? Go on, tell the truth; I trust you and I put a lot of stock in your opinion. ...Well, you know me, Amy, at least better than that that dame does. Do you think I'm an imbecile? -- these preposterous inventions, would be better suited to the pages of Amazing Tales Magazine. If the editors of the Manhattan Argus see fit to publish the rantings of a disordered mind, perhaps they will see fit to publish this letter! But I doubt it. I most seriously doubt it. As I doubt also that you could find a home at Amazing Tales, a periodical which I have enjoyed for many years. Yours sincerely, et cetera. The picture was fine! It's what that knuckle-headed dame wrote underneath! Of all the irresponsible... Amy, take this down: Dear Miss Archer. I call you 'Miss' because you seem to have 'missed' the boat completely on this one! How on earth would you know whether I'm an imbecile when you don't even have the guts to come in here and interview me man to man! No, change 'guts' to 'courage.' No, make it 'common decency.' These wild speculations about my intelligence -- ...Did you happen to see the front page of today's Manhattan Argus? Please! Norville! -- A Muncie girl! Can you beat that! Oh, of all the foolish... Listen, do you take shorthand? Are you familiar with the mimeograph machine? Don't bother to thank me, it's the easiest thing in the world. Matter of fact, I know where a vacancy just came up. ...A Muncie girl! Talk about the cat's pyjamas! Tell you what, Amy. I'm gonna cancel the rest of my appointments this afternoon and get you a job here at the Hud. You're from Muncie?! Mind if I join you? Cigarette? I myself -- Oh, Buzz is pretty harmless, really -- Hungry, anyway. Not at all. You're light as a feather. How long've you been down here? So ya see, I won't be in the mailroom long. For instance, take a look at this sweet baby... I got big ideas, though! Ya know, entry level! Just got hired today! I want a martini! On this bar, right now! I've had a martini in every bar on the way down here, and I'm not about to -- What kind of bar is it if ya can't get a martini?! I thought you served misfits here! I want a martini! It's New Year's Eve and I want a Martini! But Buzz -- But, Buzz, you know I never -- But, Buzz -- Absolutely, Buzz, I'm glad he -- ...It is? ...You don't? -- Uh... Buzz, I'm sorry, I -- Buzz, you gotta forgive me! I shouldn't a fired you, I didn't know what I was doing! I was a little funny in the head, I -- Buzz... off! Ha-ha-ha-ha! We don't crawl at Hudsucker Industries! Get out of my office! Leave your uniform in the locker room! Get up! And don't call me buddy! Out of here! Out! Fired! You're fired! Is that plain enough for you, buster! An example must be made! -- I can't have every deadbeat on the Hudsucker payroll pestering me with their idiotic brainwaves! And what do you mean barging in here and taking up my valuable time! I've got a company to run here -- ...say, the hula hoop such a success. Nobody wants a hare-brained product like this! Ya see, Buzz, it lacks the creative spark, the unalloyed genius that made, uh... This is the most idiotic thing I've ever seen in my life! ...Why, this is worthless. Oh, uh... Buzz... Is it important? Roast tom turkey. Gee, I'm hungry too -- Well, I -- I -- Forty-fourth floor, and it's very -- '...But Sid, let me urge you to work closely with the new president, and to keep giving Hudsucker Industries all your energies -- but not your soul. For while we must strive for success, we must not worship it. Long live the Hud. Waring Hudsucker...' '...And so, Sid, the future does not belong to such as I -- nor even you. We have made our compromises with time. The future belongs to the young, who may more energetically wage the battle against corruption. Accordingly, in the spirit of hope, and the ringing in of the new, I hereby bequeath my entire interest in the company, and my seat on the board, to whomever is Hudsucker's most recent employee at the time of my demise. I know this will disappoint you -- you, Sid, who have served so diligently and for so long. But --' 'Many years, uh... I know that you will be wondering why I have decided to move on, ending my tenure at Hudsucker, and here on Earth. You will be thinking, Why now, when things are going so well? Granted, from the standpoint of our balance sheet and financials, sure, sure, we're doing fine. However, Sid. These things have long since ceased to give me pleasure. I look at myself now and no longer see the idealistic young man who started this company. Now I see only an empty shell whom others call a 'success.' How has this come to pass? When and why did I trade all of my hopes, dreams and aspirations, for the emptiness of power and wealth? What the heck have I done? 'From the desk of Waring Hudsucker. To. Sidney J. Mussburger. Regarding. My demise. Dear Sid. By the time you read this, I will have joined the organization upstairs -- an exciting new beginning. I will retain fond memories of the many years you and I -- ' Yes sir... Sir? Yessir. Geez, I -- Oh, geez. Huh? Oh, geez, Mr. Hudsucker, I apologize, there was an awful lot of excitement and I guess I must've mislaid -- Yes sir... Norville. But look, I'm president of the company now and I -- ...Well, I'm not sure where I -- Good afternoon to ya, this is Norville Barnes -- ...This'll only take a moment. You have a charming wife, Mr. Muss -- uh, Sid. I haven't had -- That must have been quite a disappointment, Mrs. Mussburger. Huh?! He -- no, I -- he's just -- maybe I was a little rough on the boy, ya see I -- How's that, Sid? Ya don't say. Sorry I'm late, Sid. That back nine at Riverdale is really murder. Well... I'm for it... -- So if you think it's appropriate, I'd like to bounce the idea off a few people at lunch -- -- But there's such an enormous potential profit-wise given the demographics -- baby boom -- discretionary income in the burgeoning middle class -- Thank you, Sid, but the reason I mention it is, it would require such a small capital investment -- again, you're the expert here -- ...You don't happen to remember the plan I outlined to you the day I set fire to your off -- uh, the day I was promoted? Okay, Sid. Like I said, you're the expert, but -- That reminds me, Mr. Mu... uh, Sid. I never did give you that-- Oh my God, sir! Sir, my leg is on fire! But, sir! Oh my God, sir! Oh my God, sir! Oh my God, sir! But -- But, sir! -- Sir! They voted me most likely to succeed! No, sir. At the Muncie College of Business Administration. Well, I made the dean's list. Well, I'm a college graduate -- ...You know, for kids! Which is perfect for Hudsucker -- not that I claim to be any great genius; like they say, inspiration is 99 percent perspiration, and in my case I'd say it's at least twice that, but I gotta tell ya, Mr. Mussburger, sir, this sweet baby -- You -- I -- I --You've lost it, Aim. You've gone soft by the looks of it -- soft on the dummy from Dubuque -- -- and she's dynamite! Ol' satchel-butt... Ten dollars? Let's grab a highball! He didn't offer you money. About seven minutes. Yeah. Adenoids?She's good, Bennie. She isn't! He don't look wise. No, Bennie: Lumbago. ...Her mother needs an operation... He notices. Old Faithful. Plan two: Here come the waterworks. Maybe he's wise. The mark notices. She looks in her purse... She sits down. She's looking for her mark. Ten bucks says she's looking for a handout. ...Enter the dame. Fah from it... No kiddin', Bennie. I got gas. I got gas, Bennie.She's damn good, Lou. She is! Maybe he's wise. ...adenoids. She's got other problems, of course... Hello, Niagara. Yellowstone. He don't look wise. ...He's not noticing, Benny. ...No money. ...and awduhs a light lunch. She finds him. Twenty bucks says not here she don't find one. There's one in every story. Ya get the special? Yeah, tell me about it.