Gentlemen, are we all here?  Good.   As you know, my plot to high-jack  nuclear weapons and hold the world  hostage has failed.  Again.  This  organization will not tolerate  failure.  Mustafa...  Frau Farbissina...  I spared your lives because I need  you to help me rid the world of the  only man who can stop me now.  We  must go to London.  I've set a trap  for Austin Powers!  Alright, luv!  Love it!  Turn...pout  for me baby.  Smashing!  Crazy baby.  Give me some shoulder.   Yes!  Yes!  Yes! No.  No.  Get these off to Fab Magazine right  away.  Thanks, baby.  Oh, behave!  So many women, so little time.  Judo chop!  Judo chop!  You might want to protest a bit louder  next time, luv.  Hello, Mrs. Kensington.  Hello, Austin.  This is Basil  Exposition, Chief of British  Intelligence.  We know all that, Exposition.  I just wanted to be extremely clear  so that everyone knows what's going  on at any given time.  We've just  received word that Dr. Evil, the  ultimate square, is planning to take  over the world.  Dr. Evil?  I thought I put him in  jail for good.  I'm afraid not.  Earlier this week,  Dr. Evil escaped from Zedel Edel  Prison in Baaden Baaden and now he's  planning a trap for you tonight at  the Electric Psychedelic Pussycat  Swinger's Club in Picadilly Circus  here in swinging London.  Just where you'd never think to look  for him.  We'll be there.  Good luck, Austin.  Thank you.  Oh, and Austin&emdash  Yes?  Be careful.  Thank you. Let's go, baby!  Hey Austin Powers, it's me, Mick  Jagger.  Hey, Mick!  Are you more satisfied now sexually,  Austin?  Well, you can't always get what you  want.  "You can't always get what you want!"   That's a great title for a song!   I'm  Good on ya, man.  Groovy!  Austin Powers?  Hi, I'm Andy Warhol.  Hey, how are you?  Hungry.  Here, have this can of Campbell's  Tomato Soup.  I'm going to paint this can of soup  and become famous and not give you  any credit for it.  If you can become famous, everyone  will have their fifteen minutes of  fame, man.  "Fifteen minutes of fame?"  I'm going  to use that quote and not give you  any credit for that, either.  Smashing!  In the but-tocks.  Wait, I've got an idea.  Ohhh!  That ain't no woman!  It's a man,  man.  It's one of Dr. Evil's  assassins.  Where's Doctor Evil?  I've got you again, Dr. Evil!  Not this time.  Come, Mr.  Bigglesworth! See you in the future, Mr. Powers!  I'll be back, Mr. Powers, when free  love is dead, and greed and avarice  once again rule the world.  Commander Gilmour?  Commander, this is Slater in SoWest  Com Three.  We have a potential bogey  with erratic vectoring and an  unorthodox entry angle.  Is it one of ours?  No.  Log Com Bird Twelve says its  metalurg recon analysis is a standard  alloy, not stealthy, not carbon- composite. It does have an odd shape, sir.  What are you saying, son?  It appears to be in the shape of  Bob's Big Boy, sir.  Oh my God, he's back.  In many ways, Bob's Big Boy never  left, sir.  He's always offered the  same high quality meals at competitive  prices.  Shut up.  Should we scramble TacHQ for an  intercept?  What's its current position?  It was over Nevada, but...oh my God!   It's gone!  Listen son, I want you to forget  what you saw here tonight.  Commander, I have to log it&emdash  That's a direct order.  You didn't  see a thing!  Philips.  Call the President  Prepare the jet...  Get my overnight bag.  Philips, do me a favor and feed my  fish.  Not too much!  I'm going to London, England.  As you know, gentlemen, Dr. Evil had  himself frozen in 1967.  Soon after,  Austin Powers volunteered to have  himself frozen, in the event Dr.  Evil should ever return.  We believe  Dr. Evil has begun yet another plot  to take over the world.  And that,  gentlemen, is why we're here.  Outstanding re-cap, Exposition.  No, he worked freelance, an  internationally renowned swinging  photographer by day and the ultimate  gentlemen spy by night.  Where am I?  You're in the Ministry of Defense.   It's 1997.  You've been cryogenically  frozen for thirty years.   The shouting is a temporary side- effect of the unfreezing process.  Yes, I'm having trouble  controlling&emdash  You might also experience a slight  fever, dry mouth, and flatulence at  moments of extreme relaxation.   Austin, this is Commander Gilmour,  Strategic Command, and General  Borschevsky, Russian Intelligence.  Russian Intelligence?  Are you mad?  A lot's happened since you were  frozen, Austin.  The cold war's over.  Thank God.  Those capitalist dogs  will finally pay for their crimes  against the people,  We won, Austin.  Groovy.  Smashing!  Good on ya! Nice tie.  Yea capitalism!  Mr. Powers, the President's very  concerned.  We've got a madman on  the loose in Nevada.  It's Dr. Evil.  When do I begin?  Immediately.  You'll be working with  Ms. Kensington.  You mean Mrs. Kensington?  No, Austin, Mrs. Kensington has long- since retired.  Ms. Kensington is  her daughter.  Vanessa's one of our top agents.  My God, Vanessa's got a smashing  body.  I bet she shags like a minx.   How do I tell them that because of  the unfreezing process, I have no  inner monologue? I hope I didn't say that out loud  just now.  Well, as long as people are still  having promiscuous sex with many  anonymous partners without protection,  while at the same time experimenting  with mind-expanding  If it's a lie, goddamn her.  It it's  the truth, goddamn me. God, I hope that's witty.  How's  your mum?  Yes, well...Agent Kensington will  get you set up.  She's very dedicated.   Perhaps, a little too dedicated. She's got a bit of a bug up her ass.   Good luck, Austin, the world's  depending on you.  Thank you, Exposition.  Oh, and Austin&emdash  Yes?  Be careful.  Thanks.  Danger Powers, personal effects.  Actually, my name's Austin Powers.  It says here, name Danger Powers.  Danger's my middle name.  OK, Austin Danger Powers: One blue  crushed-velvet suit.  One frilly  lace cravat.  One gold medallion  with peace symbol.  One pair of  Italian shoes.  One pair of tie-dyed  socks, purple.  One vinyl recording  album: Tom Jones, Live at Las Vegas.   One Swedish-made penis enlarger pump.  That's not mine.  One credit card receipt for Swedish- made penis enlarger pump, signed  Austin Powers.  I'm telling you, baby, that's not  mine.  One warranty card for Swedish-made  penis enlarger pump, filled out by  Austin Powers.  I don't even know what this is.   This sort of thing ain't my bag,  baby.  One book: Swedish-Made Penis Enlarger  Pumps and Me: This Sort of Thing Is  My Bag, Baby, by Austin Powers.  OK, OK man, don't get heavy, I'll  sign.  Just to get things moving,  baby.  My jumbo jet?  Smashing baby.  Pretty groovy Jumbo Jet, eh?  How  does a hot chick like you end up  working at the Ministry of Defense?  That's fascinating, Vanessa.  Listen,  why don't we go into the back and  shag?  I've been frozen for thirty years,  man, I want to see if my bits and  pieces are still working.  My wedding tackle.  My meat and two veg.  Have you ever made love to a Chigro?  You know, a Chigro&emdash part  Chinese, part Negro&emdash Chigro.  That's right.  You're supposed to  say 'colored' now, right? Here's the stewardesses!  Bring on  the sexy stews!  Excuse me, did you say 'stewardess'?   We're called 'flight attendants'  now, thank you very much.  Oh, I get it, it's like 'I'm not a  whore, I'm a sex worker', baby.  My name is Mrs. Wilkenson.  There  are a few things we need to discuss.   First of all, we're not wearing these.  Seems pretty straightforward, don't  you think...listen darling, I think  you're a fabulous bird.  Can I get  your telephone number?  Sure, it's easy to remember. It's 777-FILM.  We have to prepare  the craft for take-off now.  Smashing!  When we land I'll give  you a tinkle on the telling bone.  Brrrr!  She must be frigid.  There's  two things I know about life: one,  Americans will never take to soccer.   Two, Swedish girls and stewardesses  love to shag!  Do I make you horny?  Do I make you horny?  Randy, you  know.  To you, am I eros manifest?  Listen, Vanessa, I'm a swinger&emdash  that's what I do, I swing.  What's you point, Vanessa?  You've got mail!  Hello Austin.  Hello Vanessa.  This  is Basil Exposition, from British  Intelligence.  Thank you, Exposition.  Oh, and Austin&emdash  Yes?  Be careful.  Ladies and gentlemen, we're beginning  our final descent into Las Vegas  International Airport.  Flight  attendants will be coming by to  collect your drinks, and I'll ask  you at this time to please return to  the main cabin and put your  Ladies and Gentlemen, it's been a  long time, but I'm back.  It's all  gone perfectly to plan except for  one small flaw.  Because of a  technical error, my right arm was  not frozen.  I was therefore by  definition only partially frozen.  But my design was perfect!  Your  autonomic functions were shut down,  and even though your arm wasn't  frozen, the aging was retarded,  therefore your right arm is only  slightly older than the left.  Can't you see I'm only half a man?   Look at me, I'm a freak!  But Dr. Evil, all you need to do  is&emdash --work with this tennis ball.  Squeeze  it for twenty minutes a day.  A few  months of that and it'll be just as  strong as the other arm...  And look what you've done to Mr.  Bigglesworth!  We could not anticipate feline  complications due to the reanimation  process&emdash  Silence!  Ahhhhhhhhh!  Let this be a reminder to you all  that this organization will not  tolerate failure.  Gentlemen, let's get down to business.  We've got a lot of work to do.  Someone help me!  I'm still alive,  only I'm very badly burned.  Some of you I know, some of you I'm  meeting for the first time.  Hello up there!  Anyone!  Can someone  call an ambulance?  I'm in quite a  lot of pain.  You've all been gathered here to  form my Evil Cabinet.  Excuse me.  If somebody can open the retrieval  hatch down here, I could get out.   See, I designed this device myself  and...oh, hi!  Good, I'm glad you  found me.  Listen, I'm very badly  burned, so if you could just&emdash  SFX:  Muffled Gunshot  Ow!  You shot me!  Right.  Okay.  Moving on.  You shot me right in the arm!  Why  did&emdash SFX:  Muffled Gunshot.   Dr. Evil waits.  Nothing.  Let me go around the table and  introduce everyone.  Frau  Farbissina...  ...founder of the militant wing of  the Salvation Army.  Random Task...  ...a Korean ex-wrestler, evil handyman  extraordinaire.  Show them what you  do.  Thank you, Random Task.  Patty  O'Brien...  ...ex-Irish assassin.  His trademark?  A superstitious man, he leaves a  tiny keepsake on every victim he  kills.  Scotland Yard would love to  get their hands on that piece of  evidence.  Finally, I come to my number two  man.  His name:  Number Two.  For thirty years, Number Two has run  Virtucon, the legitimate face of my  evil empire.  Over the last thirty years, Virtucon  has grown by leaps and bounds.  About  fifteen years ago, we changed from  volatile chemicals to the  communication industry.  We own cable  companies in thirty-eight states.  In addition to our cable holdings,  we own a steel mill in Cleveland.  Shipping in Texas.  Oil refineries in Seattle.  And a factory in Chicago that makes  miniature models of factories.  We also own the Franklin mint, which  makes decorative hand-painted theme  plates for collectors. Some plates, like the Gone With The  Wind series, have gone up in value  as much as two-hundred and forty  percent, but, as with any investment,  there is some risk involved.  Gentlemen, I have a plan.  It's called  blackmail.  The Royal Family of  Britain are the wealthiest landowners  in the world.  Either the Royal Family  pays us an exorbitant amount of money,  or we make it look like Prince  Charles, the heir to the throne, has  had an affair outside of marriage  and, therefore, they would have to  divorce.  Um, Dr. Evil, Prince Charles did  have an affair.  He admitted it, and  they are now divorced, actually.  People have to tell me these things.   I've been frozen for thirty years,  throw me a bone here. OK, no problem.  Here's my second  plan.  Back in the Sixties I had a  weather changing machine that was in  essence a sophisticated heat beam  which we called a "laser."  Using  this laser, we punch a hole in the  protective layer around  Umm, that also has already happened.  Right. Oh, hell, let's just do what we always  do.  Let's hijack some nuclear weapons  and hold the world hostage. Gentlemen, it's come to my attention  that a breakaway Russian Republic  called Kreplachistan will be  transferring a nuclear warhead to  the United Nations in a few days.   Here's the plan.  We get the warhead,  and we hold the world ransom...  Don't you think we should ask for  more than a million dollars?  A  million dollars isn't that much money  these days.  All right then...  Virtucon alone makes over nine billion  dollars a year.  Oh, really? One-hundred billion dollars. OK, make it happen.  Anything else?  Yes.  My son?  Hi.  Hello, Scott.  I'm your father, Dr.  Evil. I have a son!  I have a son!   Everyone, I have a son! Someday, Scott, this will all be  yours.  I haven't seen you my whole life and  now you show up and want a  relationship?  I hate you!  You've preserved my Jag!  Smashing!  Let me guess.  The floss is garotte  wire, the toothpaste contains plastic  explosives, and the toothbrush is  the detonation device.  Why?  What's wrong with my teeth?  Which side of the bed do you want?  So, shall we shag now, or shall we  shag later?  How do you like to do  it?  Do you like to wash up first?   Top and tails?  A whore's bath?   Personally, before I'm on the job, I  like to give my undercarriage a bit  of a how's-your-father.  I'm just joking, Vanessa.  Trying to  get a rise out of you.  Gor blimey, nerd alert.  Hey, who put this in here?  Someone's  playing a prank on me!  Honestly,  this isn't mine.  I think I'll give that stew a ding-a- ling.  Hello!  And welcome to 777-FILM!  I got her answering machine.  I love Las Vegas, man.  Oh, I forgot  my x-ray glasses.  I'm going to use a cover name.  It's  important that it be a generic name  so that we don't draw attention to  ourselves.  Do you mind if I join you?  Not at all.  Seventeen.  Hit me.  You have seventeen, sir.  The book  says not to, sir.  I like to live dangerously.  Four.  Twenty-one.  Eighteen. Sixteen.  I'll stay.  Sir?  Sir?  I can't see a bloody thing.  Sir, the table is waiting.  Uh, hit me.  On an eighteen, sir?  Yes, I also like to live dangerously.  You're very brave.  Cards are not my bag, man.  Allow  myself to introduce...myself.  My  name is Ritchie Cunningham.  This is my wife, Enid.  My name is Number Two.  My parents were hippies. This is my Italian confidential  secretary.  I'm sorry, I'm just not getting it.   It sounds like you're saying your  name is a lot of...never mind.   Listen, cats, I'm going to crash.   It's been a gas.  Bye-bye, Mr...Cunningham?  Peace, baby.  That cat Number Two has an X-ray  eyepatch.  I get bad vibes from him,  man.  Listen, we should go back to  the room, but first I have to go to  the naughty chair and see a man about  a dog.  Good luck, buddy.  You don't buy  food, you rent it.  Too right, youth.  Uh, uh!  Hey pardner, just relax, don't force  it!  Use some creative visualization.  Who does Number Two work for?  That's right!  Show that turd who's  boss!  Who does Number Two work for?  Jesus Christ, what did you eat?  Good morning, luv, who are you on  the phone with?  Good morning, Vanessa!  I hope you  have on clean underwear.  We've got a doctor's  appointment&emdash an evil doctor's  appointment.  Let me see.  Hello, hello.  That's Dr. Evil's  cat.  I never forget a pussy...cat.  He's too well-protected right now.  Let me tell you a story.  There's  these two bulls on top of a hill  checking out some foxy cows in the  meadow below.  The young bull says,  'hey, why don't we run down the hill  and shag us a cow?', and the wise  old bull replies, 'no, why don't we  walk down the hill and shag all the  cows?'  Well, you know...cows, and shagging.  No worries, luv.  We'll just give  Basil a tinkle on the telling bone...  My God, Vanessa, you are so incredibly  beautiful.  Stay right where you  are.  You're crazy.  The camera loves you,  Vanessa.  Go, Vanessa, go!  Alright, luv!  Love it!  Turn...pout  for me Vanessa.  Smashing!  Crazy.   Give me some shoulder. Yes!  Yes!  Yes!  Show me love.  Yes! Smashing!  Great!  Great!  Smashing! Yes!  Yes!  Yes! No!  No!  Give me eyes. Give me cornea. Give me aqueous humour. Coming in closer.  Give me retina,  Vanessa. Even closer.  Give me optic nerve. Love it! And...done.  I'm spent.  What say you we go out  on the town?  Fancy a nibble?  Sorry.  Move your hand to the left.   There you go.  Gorgeous.  Left hand, blue.  Wait a tick, I forgot something in  the lobby. I know what.  I'll take the stairs.  Maybe I'll take the escalator.  Why take the escalator when I could  take a canoe?  I'm sorry.  I'm sorry that bug up your ass had  to die.  No, this is me in a nutshell.  Help!  I'm in a nutshell!  What kind  of nut has such a big nutshell?  How  did I get into this bloody great big  nutshell?  You're smashed, Vanessa.  Oh, yes you are.  I can't.  You're drunk.  She was very groovy.  She was so in  love with your Dad.  If there was  one  Hello, Austin, this is Basil  Exposition from British Intelligence.   Thank you for confirming the link  between Dr. Evil and Virtucon.  Find  out what part Virtucon plays in  something called Project Vulcan.   I'll need you and Vanessa to get on  that immediately.  Right away, Exposition.  Where is Vanessa, by the way?  She's working on another lead right  now.  Then you'll have to go it alone.   Good luck.  Thank you, Basil.  Oh, and Austin&emdash  Yes?  Let me remind you that because of  the unfreezing process you might  experience flatulence at moments of  extreme relaxation.  Oh, yes.  Thank you.  There's one more thing, Austin.  Yes?  Be careful.  Thank you.  Paging Dr. Freud.  Give it to me baby.  Super.  Pout for me, luv.  Smashing.  Yes!   Yes!  Yes!  No!  No!  And I'm spent.  You seem surprised to see me.  What, and watch all my earnings go... Down the toilet?  Call me Ritchie, Miss Fagina.  May I  call you Alotta... Please?  Your boss, Number Two, I understand  that cat's involved in big underground  drills.  I didn't, baby, you just told me.  Behave!  I'd rather talk about Number Two.  Groovy.  Or sometimes not at all.  Sak-i it to me!  Mmmm...I feel extreme relaxation.  'Pardon me for being rude, It was  not me, it was my food.  'Milk, milk, lemonade.  To my health.  Is it about my teeth?  Damn.  What exactly do you do at  Virtucon?  I think it was Wordsworth who penned  this little gem:  'Press the button,  pull the chain, out comes a chocolate  choo-choo train.'  Austin Powers is getting too close.   He must be neutralized.  Any  suggestions?  Breathtaking, Frau.  These automated  strumpets are the perfect bait for  the degenerate Powers.  Quite impressive.  I like to see girls of that caliber.   By caliber, I mean both the barrel  size of their guns and the high  quality of their character...Forget  it.  That would be the video feed from  Kreplachistan.  Gentlemen, Phase One is complete.   The warhead is ours.  Let Phase Two  begin!  Patch us through to the United  Nations security secret meeting room.  Gentlemen, my name is Dr. Evil.  In a little while, you'll find out  that the Kreplachistani warhead has  gone missing.  Well, it's in safe  hands.  If you want it back, you'll  have to pay me...ONE MILLION DOLLARS!  Sorry.  ONE-HUNDRED BILLION DOLLARS!  Gentlemen, silence!  Doctor Evil!  I didn't spend six  years in evil medical school to be  called 'mister'.  Excuse me.  Dr. Evil, it is the policy  of the United Nations not to negotiate  with terrorists.  Fine, have it your way.  Gentlemen,  you have five days to come up with  one  You can't destroy the world with a  single warhead.  Really?  So long.  Gentlemen, in exactly five days from  now, we will be one-hundred billion  dollars richer. Ha-ha-ha-ha. Ha-ha-ha-ha.  Ha-ha-ha-ha.  Okay...Well...I think I'm going to  watch some TV.  Okay.  Sure.  Hello, Exposition.  Austin, Vanessa, let me bring you up  to speed.  Dr. Evil has high-jacked  a nuclear warhead from Kreplachistan  and is holding the world ransom for  one-hundred billion dollars.  If the  world doesn't pay up in four days,  he's threatening to destroy the world.  Thank you, Exposition.  Only two  things, scare me, and one is nuclear  war.  What's the other?  Excuse me?  What's the other thing you're scared  of?  Carnies.  What?  Circus folk. Nomads, you know.  They smell like  cabbage.  Indeed...If we could get back to the  business at hand.  It's one thing to  have a warhead, it's quite another  thing to have the missiles to launch  it.  Maybe these photographs are the last  piece of that puzzle. I've uncovered the details on Project  Vulcan.  It's a new subterranean  warhead delivery system.  Good God, and underground missile.   We've long feared such a development.  Austin did some reconnaissance work  at Alotta Fagina's penthouse last  night.  Our next move is to infiltrate  Virtucon.  Any ideas?  Top drawer, Kensington.  Oh, Austin,  I want you to meet somebody.  Austin, this is my mother, Mrs.  Exposition.  She's in from Tunbridge  Wells  My God, Austin, what have you done?  That's not your mother, that's a  man!  Get away from my mother!  Don't worry, mother.  Lie down.   Austin, you have a lot of explaining  to do.  I'm sorry, Basil, I thought she was  a man.  Damn it, man!  You're talking about  my mother!  You must admit, she is rather mannish.   No offense, but if that's a woman,  it looks like she's been beaten with  an ugly stick.  Look at her hands, baby!  Those are  carpenter's hands.  All right, Austin, I think you should  go.  I think if everyone were honest,  they'd confess that the lady looks  exactly like a man in drag.  I'm leaving! Oh, and Austin?  Yes, Basil?  Be careful.  Thanks.  Of course, luv.  Don't be sorry.  You're right to be  suspicious.  I shagged her.  I shagged  her rotten.  Of course, I had my nine-millimeter  automatic.  Only sailors use condoms, man.  Well they should, filthy beggars,  they go from port to port.  Alotta  meant nothing to me.  It was just a shag, Vanessa.  You're  everything to me.  Hello, luv.  Yeah, I can't believe Liberace was  gay.  Women loved him, man.  I didn't  see that one coming.  Out and about, doing odds and sods.  I love you, Dad.  I love you, Son.  That was great, Mr. Keon, Dave.   Thank you.  OK, group, we have two  new member.  Say hello to Scott and  his father, Mr....Ehville?  Evil, actually, Doctor Evil.  Hello, Dr. Evil.  Hello, Scott.  Hello, everybody.  So, Scott, why don't we start with  you.  Why are you here?  Well, it's kind of weird.  We don't judge here.  OK.  Well, I just really met my Dad  for the first time three days ago.   He was partially frozen for thirty  years.  I never knew him growing up.   He comes back and now he wants me to  take over the family business.  And how do you feel about that?  I don't wanna take over the family  business.  But Scott, who's going to take over  the world when I die?  Not me.  What do you want to do, Scott?  I don't know.  I was thinking, maybe  I'd be a vet or something, cause I  like animals and stuff.  An evil vet?  No.  Maybe, like, work in a petting  zoo or something.  An evil petting zoo?  You always do that! Anyways, this is really hard, because,  you know, my Dad is really evil.  We don't label people here, Scott.  No, he's really evil.  Scott.  No, the boy's right.  I really am  evil.  Don't be so hard on yourself.  You're  here, that's what's important.  A  journey of a thousand miles begins  with one step.  I just think, like, he hates me.  I  really think he wants to kill me.  OK, Scott, no one really wants to  "kill" anyone here.  They say it,  but they don't mean it.  Actually, the boy's quite astute.  I  am trying to kill him.  My Evil  Associates have cautioned against  it, so here he is, unfortunately,  alive.  We've heard from Scott, now let's  hear from you.  The details of my life are quite  inconsequential.  That's not true, Doctor.  Please,  tell us about your childhood.  Yes, of course.  Go ahead, etc.  Very well, where should I begin?  My  father was a relentlessly self- improving boulangerie owner from  Belgium with low-grade narcolepsy  and a penchant for buggery.  My mother  was a fifteen-year-old French  prostitute named Chloe with webbed  feet.  My father would womanize, he  would drink, he would make outrageous  claims, like he invented the question  mark.  Sometimes he would accuse  chestnuts of being lazy.  A sort of  general malaise that only the genius  possess and the insane lament.  My  childhood was typical.  Since I've been unfrozen, I've had a  rancid taste in my mouth.  Do you  have a piece of gum?  Who?  No!  Don't lay your hang-ups on me,  Vanessa.  You're being very trippy.  Well put.  Listen love, we can't  keep having this fight.  I'm an  International Man of Mystery.   Sometimes in the course of my work  to save the world I have to shag  some crumpet.  It's all part of the  job.  Welcome to Virtucon, the company of  the future. Virtucon is a leading manufacturer  of many items you'll find right in  your own home.  We make steel,  volatile chemicals, petroleum-based  products, and we also own the Franklin  mint, which makes decorative hand- painted theme plates for collectors. Some plates, like the Gone With The  Wind series, have gone up in value  as much as two-hundred and forty  percent, but, as with any investment,  there is some risk involved.  Coming up on the left, we have the  Virtucon gift shop, offering a wide  range of Virtucon licensed products.   On the right, you'll notice a door  that leads to a restricted area.   Only authorized personnel are allowed  beyond that point.  I'll take him, you take her.  Don't worry, baby.  I picked up a  mind control technique during my  travels to India.  I learned it from  my guru, the late Guru Shastri, a  chaste man who mysteriously died of  a disease that had all the hallmarks  of syphilis.  Hi, folks.  You're entering a  restricted zone.  Can I see your  security badges?  Sure.  Everything seems to be in order.  Hey, wait a minute&emdash  Everything seems to be in order.  Hold on one second.  Here, have a piece of gum.  Here, have a piece of gum.  Don't mind if I do.  Hey!  Wait a minute, that's my last  piece of gum.  No, no, I want you to have it, even  if it's my last piece.  No, no, I want you to have it, even  if it's my last piece.  I'm going to go across the street  and get you some sherbert.  I'm going to go across the street  and get you some sherbert.  This is the strongest, sharpest drill  bit ever produced by man.  It weighs  fifteen metric tones and can bore  through a mile-thick bedrock of solid  granite in seven seconds.  Get them!  Judo chop!  Judo chop!  Our only way out of here is to drive  out!  Hang on!  I'm going to floor it!  Noooooooooooooo!  Where did you learn to shoot?  Noooooooooooooo!  Where?  Where?  Noooooooooooooo!  Yes, act naturally and we'll split  this scene the way we came in,  Vanessa.  Hello? Yes, this is Mrs. Harwin. Yes, I have a son named Steve Harwin. Yes, that's right, he's a henchman  in Dr. Evil's Private Army. What?  Killed? How? Run over by a steamroller?  Oh my  God.  Thank you for calling.  Was?  What is it, Mom?  A steamroller? No, not Steve!  Since Dad died,  Steve's been like a father to me.  Frau Farbissina, check on our guests.  Welcome to my underground lair, Mr.  Powers.  Mrs. Kensington's daughter,  how lovely.  I believe your name is  Vanessa?  I'd shake your hands, except  for obvious reasons.  My hand, dammit!  Look at it!  What's wrong with your hand?  Don't try to suck up to me!  It's a  little late for that.  I'm a freak!  I'm sorry, baby, I'm just not grocking  your head space.  Oh forget it.  As a fellow player on  the international stage, Mr. Powers,  I'm sure you'll enjoy watching the  curtain fall on the third and final  act.  Gentlemen, I give you the Vulcan.  Does that make you horny?  The world's most powerful subterranean  drill.  So powerful it can penetrate the  Earth's crust, delivering a 50 kiloton  nuclear warhead into the planet's  hot liquid core.  Upon detonation,  every volcano on the planet will  erupt.  Why should we pay him the money?   He's only got one warhead and he's  going to detonate it deep underground.  My God, man, don't you understand?   It won't just be active volcanoes,  inactive ones will erupt as well.   Seven-eighths of the Earth's land  mass will be deluged with hot magma.   Tectonic plates will shift, causing  massive earthquakes.  Imagine no  United Kingdom.  Think of it, no  cricket, no tea, no freshly toasted  crumpets smothered with Devonshire  clotted cream, the diving mystery of  Stonehenge.  Imagine severing forever  the continuity of Britannic majesty,  the demise of this sceptered isle,  this jewel, this England...  Any word from Powers?  I'm afraid we've lost contact with  him.  I see.  Dr. Evil, it seems we have no choice  but to pay your ransom.  Gentlemen, your deadline is in three  hours.  You have your instructions.  Come join us for dinner, won't you  Mr. Powers?  I think you'll enjoy the food.  I  have the best chef in the world.   His name is Ezekial.  He's made of  seventy-five percent plastic.  Scott my boy, come here.  How was  your day?  Well, me and a buddy went to the  video arcade in town and, like, they  don't speak English right, and so my  buddy gets into a fight, and he goes  'hey, quit hassling me cause I don't  speak French or whatever', and the  other guy goes something in Paris  talk, and I go 'um, just back off'  and he goes 'get out' and I go 'make  me'.  Fascinating.  What are your plans  for this evening?  Thought I'd stay in.  There's a good  tittie movie on Skinemax.  And that's how you want to live your  life, is it?  Yeah.  What?  Scott, I want you to meet Daddy's  nemesis, Austin Powers.  Why are you feeding him?  Why don't  you just kill him?  In due time.  But what if he escapes?  Why don't  you just shoot him?  What are you  waiting for?  I have a better idea.  I'm going to  put him in an easily-escapable  situation involving an overly- elaborate and exotic death.  Why don't you just shoot him now?   Here, I'll get a gun.  We'll just  shoot him.  Bang!  Dead.  Done.  One more peep out of you and you're  grounded.  Let's begin.  Mr. Powers, Vanessa, some friends of  mine are joining us for dinner.  Dr. Evil, do you really expect them  to pay?  No, Mr. Powers, I expect them to  die.  Even after they pay me the  money, I'm still going to melt all  the cities of the world with hot  magma. All right, guard, begin the  unnecessarily Slow-Moving Dipping  Mechanism.  Release the sharks! All the sharks have had laser beams  attached to their heads.  I figure  every creature deserves a warm meal.  Yes, what is it?  You're interrupting  my moment of triumph.  Right. Mr. Powers, we're going to lower you  in a tank of piranhas with laser  beams attached to their heads.  What is it now?  I have one simple request&emdash  sharks with friggin' laser beams  attached to their heads, and it can't  be done?  Remind me again why I pay  you people?  Right.  Really?  Are they ill-tempered?  Fine.  Whatever.  Mutated, ill- tempered sea bass it is. Come, let's return to dinner.  Close  the tank.  Aren't you going to watch them?   They'll get away!  No, we'll leave them alone and not  actually witness them dying, and  we'll just assume it all went to  plan.  I have a gun in my room.  Give me  five seconds, I'll come back and  blow their brains out.  No Scott.  You just don't get it, do  you?  First, I plan to soil myself.  Then,  I plan to regroup and think about  the next move.  Any thoughts?  All right, I get it.  I have bad  teeth.  You have to understand, in  Britain in the Sixties you could be  a sex symbol and still have bad teeth.   It didn't matter.  Smashing idea!  Give it to me.  Judo chop!  My eyes!  My eyes!  Hold on, Vanessa!  Not a good time to lose one's head.  That's not the way to get ahead in  life.  It's a shame he wasn't more  headstrong.  Fair enough.  I can't believe John Smith is getting  married tomorrow.  Where is Smittie anyways?  It's not  like him to be late for anything,  especially his own stag party.  Well, you know he's a henchman for  Dr. Evil.  Sometimes they work late.   Can I just say something that may  sound a little sappy?  I think it's  a testament to our friend John that  so many of his buddies showed up in  his honor.  There's a lot of love in  this room.  Hello? Yes, I have a friend named John Smith. That's right, he's in Dr. Evil's  private army. What?  He's dead? Decapitated by mutated flying sea  bass?  Oh my God!  OK, thank you.  Hey Bill, what's wrong?  Was that  John?  Is he coming late?  Guys, John's not coming.  Why?  He was decapitated by mutated flying  sea bass.  Oh no, oh my God, etc.  All right, to Smittie!  To Smittie!  We've got a freaked out square and  world annihilation is his bag.  You  go get help.  I'm gonna stay here  and keep an eye on the bad Doctor.  Too right, youth.  That's why I need  you to lead the troops.  Listen, Vanessa, whatever happens, I  just want you to know that I feel  bad about shagging that Italian girl.   I had a sip of sake and all of the  sudden, I don't know what happened.   The whole time I was shagging  her&emdash I mean really shagging  her, I mean it was crazy, I was like  a huge mechanical piston, in and  out, IN and OUT!&emdash  Anyways, what I'm trying to say is  that if you want me to be a one-woman  man, well, that's just groovy,  because...I love you.  Come, everyone, let us repair to the  main chamber.  Project Vulcan is  about to begin.  Scott, are you  coming?  I don't want to.  Don't you want to see what Daddy  does for a living?  Blow me.  What did you say?  Show me.  Hello, hello.  No, actually, I have to save the  world.  Is it cold in here?  Arm the probe!  I've got to get Dr. Evil! Margaret Thatcher naked on a cold  day!  Margaret Thatcher naked on a  cold day!  Margaret Thatcher naked  on a cold day!  Probe in place.  Five minutes to go.  Let the  penetration countdown begin.  Five minutes and COUN-ting.  Au contraire, I think you can't resist  me.  Oh, I fell over.  It's not what it looks like, Vanessa. At ease, boys.  I can explain.  They attacked me.   Gas came out of her...well, and then  they...and I...  Hold on a tick, let me put on my  togs.  Activate the blast shutters!  Launch the subterranean probe!  We have penetration.  Subterranean  detonation&emdash two minutes and  COUN-ting.  Follow me!  We're going to have to  jump over the rail!  Don't worry!  Blast!  Out of ammo.  I'm going it alone this time, Vanessa.   I have a follow-up visit with the  Evil Doctor.  Come, Mr. Bigglesworth!  Well, Destructacon 5000, you have  quite a head on your shoulders, I  dare to coin.  Really?  Let me ask you this.  What  is love?  Why not?  It's a question.  Subterranean detonation&emdash one  minute and COUN-ting.  Where's the abort button?  Forty-five seconds and COUN-ting. It's right over there.  Ow!  That really hurt.  I'm going to  have a lump there, you idiot!  Who  throws a shoe?  You fight like a  woman.  Fifteen seconds and COUN-ting.  Care for a drink?  Shocking.  Three...two...one...  Nooooooo!  Abort.  I've got you, Dr. Evil!  Well done, Mr. Powers.  We're not so  different, you and I.  It's true,  you're British, and I'm Belgian.   You have a full head of hair, mine  is slightly receding.  You're thin,  I'm about forty pounds overweight.   OK, we are different, I'm not making  a very good point.  However, isn't  it ironic, Mr. Powers, that the very  things you stand for&emdash swinging,  free love, parties, distrust of  authority- are all now, in the  Nineties, considered to  No, man, what we swingers were  rebelling against were uptight squares  like you, whose bag was money and  world domination.  We were innocent,  man.  If we'd known the consequences  of our sexual liberation, we would  have done things differently, but  the spirit would have remained the  same.  It's freedom, man.  Your freedom has cause more pain and  suffering in the world than any plan  I ever dreamed of.  Face it, freedom  failed.  That's why right now is a very groovy  time, man.  We still have freedom,  but we also have responsibility.  Really, there's nothing more pathetic  than an aging hipster.  Well, it seems the tables have turned,  Mr. Powers.  Hey, Dad, I can take my Sega, right?  It seems the tables have turned again,  Dr. Evil.  Not really.  Kill the little bastard.   See what I care.  Man, you are one chilly square!  Dad, we just made a breakthrough in  group!  I had the group liquidated, you little  shit.  They were insolent.  I hate you!  I hate you!  I wish I  was never artificially created in a  lab.  Scott, don't say that...  Five minutes to self-destruct and  COUN-ting.  Let's split!  Lay it on me.  That's fab, because I love you, too,  Vanessa.  Behave!  Just when things were getting  interesting.  Well, Austin, you've stopped Dr.  Evil from destroying the world with  his subterranean nuclear probe, and  somehow you and Agent Kensington  managed to escape unscathed from his  evil lair.  I'd say that about sums it up,  Exposition.  Not quite, actually.  Vanessa, I  have something for you.  Because of your exemplary service to  Her Majesty, you are now officially  an active Field Agent with all the  privileges and responsibilities  thereof.  Congratulations, Field Agent  Kensington!  Austin, I have something for you as  well.  Here's the number of my dentist,  he's first rate.  Ring him up, he'll  look after you.  Thanks, Basil.  Maybe the Nineties  aren't so bad after all.  Austin, now, about your next  mission&emdash Still kissing Vanessa,  Austin motions with his thumbs to  the pilot of the helicopter to lift  Basil up.  He rises away in mid- sentence.  But, wait, I&emdash you got me again.   Oh, and Austin&emdash  Yes Basil?  Be careful!  I'll get you yet, Austin Powers!  So, Dr. Evil, do you expect the world  to pay the ransom?  No, Mr. Powers, I expect them to  die.  Oh, behave!  Well, my good fellow, are you  expecting me to pay the ransom to  you, you despot?  No kind sir, I expect you to go up  in the evolutionary chain.  But first,  I expect you to sing.   Behave!  