Ophhem ma fuchem gaphe! I just pulled in here. I just fucking pulled in here! I decided not to - I'm, uh, not taking the trip as it turns out. Yeah, I just came in. I decided not to park here. ...Is this a fucking joke? Is this a fucking joke here? Drop that fucking money! Fuck you, man! Where's Jerry? I gave SIMPLE FUCKING INSTRUCTIONS - I am through fucking around! Drop that fucking briefcase! Who the fuck are you? Who the fuck are you? That's my license and registration. I wanna be in compliance. ...So maybe the best thing would be to take care of that, right here in Brainerd. Certainly. Certainly - It certainly is, officer. Still got that smell! Ya find the work interesting, do ya? ... What is he, deaf?... So, uh, how long have you been with the escort service? Yeah, well, it depends on the artist. You know, Jose Feliciano, ya got no complaints. Waiter! Have ya been to the Celebrity Room before? With other, uh, clients? Just in town on business. Just in and out. Ha ha! A little of the old in-and-out! HOLD ON! NO FUCKIN' WAY! YOU FUCKIN' NOTISH ISH? I GOT FUCKIN' SHOT INNA FAISH! I WENT'N GOTTA FUCKIN' MONEY! I GET SHOT FUCKIN' PICKIN' IT UP! I BEEN UP FOR THIRTY-SHIKSH FUCKIN' HOURZH! I'M TAKIN' THAT FUCKIN' CAR! THAT FUCKERZH MINE! ...You c'n'ave my truck. I'm takin' a Shiera. Jezhush. Yeah. Whoa, Daddy. Geez. That's more'n I've heard you say all week. Huh? Grimsurd looks at his thumb. "No." First thing you've said in the last four hours. That's a, that's a fountain of conversation, man. That's a geyser. I mean, whoa, daddy, stand back, man. Shit, I'm sittin' here driving, man, doin' all the driving, whole fuckin' way from Brainerd, drivin', tryin' to, you know, tryin' to chat, keep our spirits up, fight the boredom of the road, and you can't say one fucking thing just in the way of conversation. ...Would it kill you to say something? ...Look at that. Twin Cities. IDS Building, the big glass one. Tallest skyscraper in the Midwest. After the Sears, uh, Chicago... You never been to Minneapolis? Yeah, yeah, Jesus - I'm sayin', we'll stop for pancakes, then we'll get laid. Wuddya think? ...Come on, man. Okay, here's an idea. We'll stop outside of Brainerd. I know a place there we can get laid. Wuddya think? What're you, nuts? We had pancakes for breakfast. I gotta go somewhere I can get a shot and a beer - and a steak maybe. Not more fuckin' pancakes. Come on. What? Or your fucking wife, Jerry. GOT IT? You're there in thirty minutes or I find you, Jerry, and I shoot you, and I shoot your fucking wife, and I shoot all your little fucking children, and I shoot 'em all in the back of their little fucking heads. Got it? Don't you fucking but me, Jerry. I want you with this money on the Dayton- Radisson parking ramp, top level, thirty minutes, and we'll wrap this up. I'll see you tomorrow. IS IT, JERRY? You ask those three pour souls up in Brainerd if a deal's a deal! Go ahead, ask 'em! Blood has been shed. We've incurred risks, Jerry. I'm coming into town tomorrow. Have the money ready. Look. I'm not gonna debate you, Jerry. The price is now the whole amount. We want the entire eighty thousand. DON'T EVER INTERRUPT ME, JERRY! JUST SHUT THE FUCK UP! We need more - That's right. And we need more money. Three people. In Brainerd. ...Blood has been shed. Blood has been shed, Jerry. Oh, Jean's okay. But there's three people up in Brainerd who aren't so okay, I'll tell ya that. ...Who's Jean? Okay, Jerry. You're tasking us to perform this mission, but you, you won't, uh, you won't - aw, fuck it, let's take a look at that Ciera. Personal matters. So why don't you just ask him for the money? What kind of trouble are you in, Jerry? ...You-my point is, you pay the ransom- what eighty thousand bucks? - I mean, you give us half the ransom, forty thousand, you keep half. It's like robbing Peter to play Paul, it doesn't make any - You want your own wife kidnapped? I'm not gonna sit here and debate. I will say this though: what Shep told us didn't make a whole lot of sense. I'm not gonna debate you, Jerry. Yeah, you already said that. Except that you were gonna be here at 7:30. Shep didn't tell us much, Jerry. The new vehicle, plus forty thousand dollars. No, that's not it, Jerry.Yah, I don't need no sealant though. Oh, for Christ's sake, where's my goddamn checkbook. Let's get this over with. One hundred! You lied to me, Mr. Lundegaard. You're a bald-faced liar! You called me twenty minutes ago and said you had it! Ready to make delivery, ya says! Come on down and get it! And here ya are and you're wastin' my time and you're wastin' my wife's time and I'm payin' nineteen- five for this vehicle here! We had us a deal here for nineteen- five. You sat there and darned if you didn't tell me you'd get this car, these options, WITHOUT THE SEALANT, for nineteen-five! You're sittin' here, you're talkin' in circles! You're talkin' like we didn't go over this already! I sat right here and said I didn't want no TruCoat! We sat here right in this room and went over this and over this!Oh, don't be silly. Oh, don't be silly. Both of these. Yah, he - He's three now. Course, not in that picture. I thought you'd never ask. The older one is Janet, she's nine, and the younger one is Morgan. They can really take over, that's for sure. That's wonderful. Mm-mm. It'll change your life, a course. Any others? Ah, well, we haven't had to run around like you. When're you due?Yah, got a front movin' in. Okay, well, thanks a bunch, Mr. Mohra. You're right, it's probably nothin', but thanks for callin' her in. Uh-huh - in what way? What'd this guy look like anyways? Oh sure. White Bear Lake? Ya got that right. I unnerstand. Uh-huh. Officer Olson. Mr. Mohra? Oh, yah? Twin Cities? Yah. Shep Proudfoot. That's a name. First one's a trucking company, second one's a private residence. A Shep Proudfoot. The numbers y'asked for, calls made from the lobby pay phone at the Blue Ox. Two to Minneapolis that night. No, I gotta - hey, Norm, I thought you were goin' fishin' up at Mile Lacs? Hiya, Norm. How ya doin', Margie? How's the fricassee?One of us pays the other for half. We split that. She started shrieking, you know. Clear him off the road. You'll take care of it. Boy, you are smooth smooth, you know. Shut the fuck up or I'll throw you back in the trunk, you know. I need ...unguent. Unguent. I did. No. I'm fuckin' hungry now, you know. We stop at Pancakes Hause. Where is Pancakes Hause? Or your fucking wife, you know.They said they were goin' to the Twin Cities? No. Like I say, he was funny-looking. More'n most people even. Uh-huh. Yah. I couldn't really say. He wasn't circumcised. I dunno. Just funny-looking. Well, the little guy, he was kinda funny-looking. Chaska.Yah. A subconscious-type thing. Yah. Maybe I'm sayin' that cause he smoked Marlboros. He was a little older. Looked like the Marlboro man. LeSeure. But I went to high school in White Bear Lake.Hold on. Okay. Well, that's why we don't want ya goin' out fer hockey. You know what a disparity is? And yet you're gettin' C grades. It's this disparity there that concerns your dad and me. You're not a C student. I'm talkin' about your potential.Okay, real good, then. ...Yah, well, you stay away from Scotty now - Yah, okay, but, uh - Yah, I got the money, but, uh - ...The heck d'ya mean? Now we had a deal here! A deal's a deal! Oh, for Chrissakes here - Well, I'm sorry, but I just - I - This was s'posed to be a no-rough stuff-type deal - The heck d'ya mean? What a you guys got yourself mixed up in? Oh, geez. What the heck d'ya mean? What the heck're you talkin' about? Let's just finish up this deal here - My wife! What the - how's - Yah. Personal matters that needn't, uh - Well, it's all just part of this - they don't know I need it, see. Okay, so there's that. And even if they did, I wouldn't get it. So there's that on top, then. See, these're personal matters. Well, that's, that's, I'm not go inta, inta - see, I just need money. Now, her dad's real wealthy - Okay, it's - see, it's not me payin' the ransom. The thing is, my wife, she's wealthy - her dad, he's real well off. Now, I'm in a bit of trouble - Yah. Oh, no, it's real sound. It's all worked out. Okay. Yah. But it's not a whole pay-in- advance deal. I give you a brand-new vehicle in advance and - Yah, well, that was a mix-up, then. Well, okay, it's - Yah, but the deal was, the car first, see, then the forty thousand, like as if it was the ransom. I thought Shep told you - Huh? ...So I guess that's it, then. Here's the keys - Yah, you don't need that. Now were you thinking of financing here? You oughta be aware a this GMAC plan they have now, it's really super - Yah, ya got yer, this loaded here, this has yer independent, uh, yer slipped differential, uh, yer rack- and-pinion steering, yer alarm and radar, and I can give it to ya with a heck of a sealant, this TruCoat stuff, it'll keep the salt off - One hunnert's the best we can do here. Well, he never done this before, but seein' as it's special circumstances and all, he says I can knock one hunnert off that TruCoat. Well, okay, I'll talk to my boss... Okay, I'm not sayin' I didn't - Yah, but this TruCoat - Yah, but I'm sayin', that TruCoat, you don't get it and you get oxidization problems. It'll cost you a heck of lot more'n five hunnert - Yah, but that TruCoat - No, no. See - they, no, see, they only deal with me. Ya feel this, this nervousness on the phone there, they're very - these guys're dangerous - Yah, geez, Scotty. I'll go talk to him. Ya know, they said no one listenin' in, they'll be watchin', ya know. Maybe it's all bull, but like you said, Stan, they're callin' the shots. No, I - they don't want - they're just s'posed to be dealin' with me, they were real clear. They're gonna call, give me instructions for a drop. I'm supposed to have the money ready tomorrow. Yah! No, see, I don't need a finder's fee, I need - finder's fee's, what, ten percent, heck that's not gonna do it for me. I need the principal. Yah, right - ...My fee? Wade, what the heck're you talkin' about? Oh, those numbers are all right, bleemee. Yah. You wouldn't have an extra ticket there? So you're goin' to the Gophers on Sunday? We're gonna get Mom back for ya, but we gotta play ball. Ya know, that's the deal. Now if Lorraine calls, or Sylvia, you just say that Mom is in Florida with Pearl and Marty... No! We can't let anyone know about this thing! We gotta play ball with these guys - you ask Stan Grossman, he'll tell ya the same thing! No, no, nothin's goin' wrong here. Grandad and I, we're - we're makin' sure this gets handled right. It's okay, Scotty. They're not gonna want to hurt her any. These men, they just want money, see. ...How ya doin' there, Scotty? ...Yah, okay... ...If it's so damned important to ya! Sure right now! You're darned tootin'! Okay, I'll do a damned lot count! I'm not, uh, I'm not arguin' here. I'm cooperating... There's no, uh - we're doin' all we can... Ma'am, I answered your question. I answered the darn - I'm cooperating here, and I... Ma'am, I answered your question. We run a pretty tight ship here. Well, I would know. I'm the Executive Sales Manager. The car's not from our lot, ma'am. Yah, I see. Yah, like I told ya, we haven't had any vehicles go missing. No, I - Yah, no, I'm kinda - I'm kinda busy - No. No, ma'am. ...Babe the Blue Ox? ...Brainerd? My father-in-law, he's the owner. Naw, I... Executive Sales Manager. What... What is it all about? Huh? Yah? Be back in a minute. If Stan calls you, just tell him I went to Embers. Oh, geez - It's okay, Scotty. ...Yah. Yah. Yah. Yah! I... those are in the mail. Yah! Yah! What the - how's Jean? Well, what do ya mean? Well, yah, I got an idea. How's that Ciera workin' out for ya? Well... yah. Jerry Lundegaard. Okay, real good, then. I mean send it over. I'll shoot it right over to ya. Yah, no problem, I'll just fax that over to ya, then. Yah, how much money was that? Yah, okay, I'll have my girl send you over a copy, then. Well, but see, I don't have 'em in front a me - why don't I just fax you over a copy - Yah, well, they exist all right. But the deal's already done, I already got the money - Yah, so we're all set. But I already got the, it's okay, the loans are in place, I already got the, the what, the - Yah, it's pretty darned busy here, but that's the way we like it. Yah, real good. How you doin'? Yah, real good. Hon? Got the growshries. Yah, no, I'm sure you are. Shep vouched for you and all. I got every confidence in you fellas. Yah, how ya doin'. So, uh, we all set on this thing, then? Yah, you bet. It's in the lot there. Brand-new burnt umber Ciera. I'm sure sorry. I - Shep told me 8:30. It was a mix-up, I guess. Shep said 8:30. Yah, Shep Proudfoot said - Well... I'm goin' ta bed now. Yah. Okay. Yah, okay. Yah. No, see - The heck d'ya mean? No, Wade! They were real clear! They said they'd call tomorrow, with instructions, and it's gonna be delivered by me alone! Now come on here, no way, Wade! No way! You're darned tootin'! No! No cops! That's final! This is my deal here, Wade! Jean is my wife here! Yah, but think this thing through here, Wade. Ya give 'em what they want, why wont' they let her go? You gotta listen to me on this one, Wade. Well, they - No! They said no cops! They were darned clear on that, Wade! They said you call the cops and we - Yah, but I - okay, I would, I'd guarantee ya your money back. No, no. I - I'd, I'd - pay you back the principal, and interest heck, I'd go - one over prime - No, but, Wade, see, I was bringin' you this deal for you to loan me the money to put in. It's my deal here, see? Yah. Yah. ...Huh? Yah, thanks, Stan, it's a pretty - Yah. No kiddin'! I'd need the cash pretty quick there. In order to close the deal. No kiddin'? Oh, nothing, Wade. How ya doin' there? How ya doin', Wade? Well, you know Stan'll say no dice. That's why you pay him. I'm asking you here, Wade. This could work out real good for me and Jean and Scotty - Yah, well, it's a chunk, but - I mean a parking lot. lot. It's a limited - Yah, you said you'd have a think about it. I understand it's a lot of money - Wade, have ya had a chance to think about, uh, that deal I was talkin' about, those forty acres there on Wayzata? ...Who they playin'? Whatcha watchin' there? Yah, well, see, I did that, and I haven't been able to get 'em, so I thought you maybe'd know an alternate number or what have ya. Well, that's okay, he's a buddy of the guy ya vouched for, so I'm not worryin'. I just, I was wonderin', see, I gotta get in touch with 'em for, I might not need it anymore, sumpn's happenin', see - Carl somethin'? Well, that's okay, I just - Well, yah, but he had a buddy there. He, uh - Say, ya know those two fellas ya put me in touch with, up there in Fargo? Say, Shep, how ya doin' there?Yah. Owner was on the desk then, said these two guys had company. No motels registered any tan Ciera last night. But the night before, two men checked into the Blue Ox registering a Ciera and leavin' the tag space blank. Yah, that's a good one. ...Geez. Oh... Yah? So I got the state lookin' for a Ciera with a tag startin' DLR. They don't got no match yet. ...Last vehicle he wrote in was a tan Ciera at 2:18 a.m. Under the plate number he put DLR - I figure they stopped him or shot him before he could finish fillin' out the tag number. Yah... You don't think he's mixed up in - Yah, woulda been cold out here. No way. Yah. How's it look, Marge? Oh, yah? Yah? Yah? Well, what now, d'ya think? You had breakfast yet, Margie? Yah? Geez, you okay, Margie? Ya see something down there, Chief? Yah. Yah. Well - it's cold, Margie. Yah, looks pretty bad. Two of'm're over here. Margie. Thought you might need a little warm-up.Ya got that right. Oh sure. They say she's gonna turn cold tomorrow. Just a general way. Oh, he was a little guy, kinda funny- lookin'. So, ya know, he's drinkin', so I don't think a whole great deal of it, but Mrs. Mohra heard about the homicides out here and she thought I should call it in, so I called it in. End a story. Well, Ecklund & Swedlin's, that's closer ta Moose Lake, so I made that assumption. And he says, 'Yah, that guy's dead and I don't mean a old age.' And then he says, 'Geez, I'm goin' crazy out there at the lake.' And then he calls me a jerk and says the last guy who thought he was a jerk was dead now. So I don't say nothin' and he says, 'What do ya think about that?' So I says, 'Well, that don't sound like too good a deal for him then.' So he says, 'So I get it, so you think I'm some kinda jerk for askin',' only he doesn't use the word jerk. ...So, I'm tendin' bar there at Ecklund & Swedlin's last Tuesday and this little guy's drinkin' and he says, 'So where can a guy find some action - I'm goin' crazy down there at the lake.' And I says, 'What kinda action?' and he says, 'Woman action, what do I look like,' And I says 'Well, what do I look like, I don't arrange that kinda thing,' and he says, 'I'm goin' crazy out there at the lake' and I says, 'Well, this ain't that kinda place.' Yah, right-o. Yah. How ya doin'? ...I'll fix ya some eggs. Ya gotta eat a breakfast... Gotta eat a breakfast, Marge. I'll fix ya some eggs. I'll fix ya some eggs. Gotta go?You were such a super lady... and then I... I been so lonely... ...I'm sorry... I shouldn't a done this... I thought we'd have a really terrific time, and now I've... No - I'm sorry! It's just - I been so lonely - then I saw you, and... I always liked ya so much... I was so... I been so... and then I saw you on TV, and I remembered, ya know... I always liked you... Oh, ya know, that's, uh - what can I say?... It was a tough, uh... it was a long - She fought real hard, Marge... Yah, I, uh... She had leukemia, you know... Yah, well, I, uh... it's not that it didn't work out - Linda passed away. She, uh... Yah, if you're an engineer, yah, you could do a lot worse. Of course, it's not, uh, it's nothin' like your achievement. And then I, and then I been workin' for Honeywell for a few years now. Yah, sorry, so I was married to Linda Cooksey - ya remember Linda? She was a year behind us. Oh, sure, I unnerstand, I didn't mean to - Huh? Oh, okay, I'm sorry. ...I was married to Linda Cooksey - Well, yah, I was married. I was married to - You mind if I sit over here? Great. What brings ya down - are ya down here on that homicide - if you're allowed, ya know, to discuss that? Oh, yah, couple years now. It's actually Eden Prarie - that school district. So Chief Gunderson, then! So ya went and married Norm Son-of- a-Gunderson! Yah, ya know it's the Radisson, so it's pretty good. ...What can I get ya? I see that! That's great! Geez! You look great! Yah... Yah, yah. Geeze, Margie! Oh, pretty good. Yah? Well, how the heck are ya? I thought, geez, is that Margie Olmstead? I can't believe it! Yah, I'm down in the Twin Cities and I was just watching on TV about these shootings up in Brainerd, and I saw you on the news there. Oh, geez. It's quarter to eleven. I hope I dint wake you.I love you, Margie. Yah, I guess. Yah. Hautman's blue-winged teal got the twenty-nine cent. People don't much use the three-cent. It's just the three cent. Yah. Three-cent stamp. Yah. Yah, it's good. No pike yet, but it's good. Was it reasonable? You shouldn't be on your feet too much, you got weight you're not used too. How's the food down there? Not on your feet too much? Yeah, couple a muskies. No pike yet. How d'you feel? Yah, okay. How's the hotel? Yah, ya think? They're real good. Pretty good. Found out the Hautmans are entering a painting this year. Uh-huh. Thanks, hon. Yah? Love ya, Margie.Ya kiddin'! They're playin' the Buckeyes! You bet....What's the big deal? It's an hour - Oh, man! Yeah! Uh-huh. Uhn. Uh-huh. Yeah, but - Dad, I really think we should call the cops. What if - what if sumpn goes wrong? Dad! What're they doing? Wuddya think they're doin' with Mom? Look, Dad, there is no fucking way -Are you calling Stan? ...Is everything okay? Twice. Stan Grossman called. ...Dad?Nope. Call 'em up. Never heard of him. Don't vouch for him. I vouch for Grimsrud. Who's his buddy? Well, I don't vouch for him. Put you in touch with Grimsrud. Mm. Nope. Uh-huh. So? Nope. Yep. Nope.Wade's got a point there. I'll handle the call if you want, Jerry. Okay. And Scotty, is he gonna be all right? Yah. Okay. We'll get the money together. Don't worry about it, Jerry. Now, d'you want anyone at home, with you, until they call? What's the next step here, Jerry? We're not horse-trading here, Wade, we just gotta bite the bullet on this thing. Jerry, we're not just going to give you seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars. You're sayin' - what're you sayin'? Jerry - we thought you were bringin' us an investment. The financials are pretty thorough, so the only thing we don't know is your fee. Good to see ya again, Jerry. If these numbers are right, this looks pretty sweet. I'm tellin' ya. We gotta protect Jean. These - we're not holdin' any cards here, Wade, they got all of 'em. So they call the shots. I gotta tell ya, Wade, I'm leanin' to Jerry's viewpoint here. He's at Norstar. Congratulations, Jerry.What's this, sir? Can I see your license and registration please? You're required to display temporary tags, either in the plate area or taped inside the back window. This is a new car, then, sir?Where're you going? ...Dad? Good day, sir. My patience is at an end. Mr. Lundegaard, that very well may be. I must inform you, however, that absent the receipt of those numbers by tomorrow afternoon, I will have to refer this matter to our legal department. This is Reilly Deifenbach at GMAC. Sir, I have not yet received those vehicle IDs you promised me. Jerome Lundegaard? Things have changed. Circumstances, Jerry. Beyond the, uh... acts of God, force majeure.. Circumstances have changed, Jerry. Know who this is? All right, Jerry, you got this phone to yourself? Okay. No, no, fax is - Three hundred and twenty thousand dollars. See, I gotta correlate that money with the cars it's being lent on. Okay, because if I can't correlate this note with the specific vehicles, then I gotta call back that money - No, fax is no good, that's what I have and I can't read the darn thing - I'm sure they do - ha ha! But I can't read their serial numbers here. So if you could read me - Yeah, but we have an audit here, I just have to know that these vehicles you're financing with this money, that they really exist. Yeah, but the vehicles you were borrowing on, I just can't read the serial numbers on your application. Maybe if you could just read them to me - Yeah, the three hundred and twenty thousand dollars, you got the money last month. That's for sure. Now, I just need, on these last, these financing documents you sent us, I can't read the serial numbers of the vehicles on here, so I - Pretty good, Mr. Lundegaard. You're damned hard to get on the phone. Dad's here. Thank you, hon. How's Fargo? Yes, ma'am. Are we the closest PD? ...Chief Gunderson? Don't go in! Wait for back-up! Whose car? We've got a - Yah, it's over the wire, it's everywhere, they'll find 'em. Oh. Gary's loudmouth. Yah. Where are ya, Margie? Still missing. We're looking. - looking. Yah. Lundegaard's father-in-law's accountant. Yah. His wife. This guy says she was kidnapped last Wednesday. Yah, Linda's fine. You should call her. Yah, he - he's been struggling. He's living with his parents now. No. No. They never married. Mike's had psychiatric problems. No. No. No. They weren't - he, uh, he was bothering Linda for about, oh, for a good year. Really pestering her, wouldn't leave her alone. No. His wife? What'd he say? Well, I'm sorry I won't see ya. ...Hello? This is Mike Yanagita. Ya know - Mike Yanagita. Remember me? Margie Olmstead? Yah, is this Marge?Unghh... oh, geez... No Jean, no money! Where's my damn daughter? No Jean, no money! Where's my daughter? I got your goddamn money, you little punk. Now where's my daughter? Look, Jerry, you're not sellin' me a damn car. It's my show here. That's that. ...There's a million dollars here! They want my money, they can deal with me. Otherwise I'm goin' to a professional. He points at a briefcase. All the more reason! I don't want you - with all due respect, Jerry - I don't want you mucking this up. It's my money, I'll deliver it - what do they care? Dammit! I wanna be a part a this thing! ... Stan, I'm thinkin' we should offer 'em half a million. Ah, dammit! Heck, you don't know! You're just whistlin' Dixie here! I'm sayin', the cops, they can advise us on this! I'm sayin' call a professional! A million dollars is a lot a damn money! And there they are, they got my daughter! Well, a course they're gonna say that! But where's my protection? They got Jean here! I give these sons a bitches a million dollars, where's my guarantee they're gonna let her go. - All's I know is, ya got a problem, ya call a professional! I'm not talkin' about your damn word, Jerry. Geez, what the heck're you?... Well, look, I don't want to cut you out of the loop, but his here's a good deal. I assume, if you're not innarested, you won't mind if we move on it independently. What the heck were you thinkin'? Heck, if I'm only gettin' bank interest, I'd look for complete security. Heck, FDIC. I don't see nothin' like that here. You're sayin' that we put in all the money and you collect when it pays off? But we never talked about your fee for bringin' it to us. We're good to loan in. Stan and I're okay. What kind of finder's fee were you looking for? 2:30. Come by at 2:30 and we'll talk about it. If your numbers are right, Stan says its pretty sweet. Stan Grossman. We might be innarested. Stan Grossman looked at your proposal. Says it's pretty sweet. What's goin' on there? Jean and Scotty never have to worry. I thought you were gonna show it to Stan Grossman. He passes on this stuff before it gets kicked up to me. Yah, well, seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars is a lot - ha ha ha! I know it's a lot. A heck of a lot. What'd you say you were gonna put there? You told me about it. OOOoooh! His reaction synchronizes with a reaction from the crowd. Norstars. Yah, pretty good. Well... Why don't we... Well - He's at - What the heck, Jerry, if I wanted bank interest on seven hunnert'n fifty thousand I'd go to Midwest Federal. Talk to Bill Diehl. This is do-able.Sure, Jerry, we're all set. Why wouldn't we be? Yeah, okay. Well, siddown then. I'm Carl Showalter and this is my associate Gaear Grimsrud. Ya got the car? We been sitting here an hour. I've peed three times already. Shep said you'd be here at 7:30. What gives, man?