(mumbling, ad lib) What ladies?  -- this train originating at New York's Grand Central Station is back in service - next stop will be New Canaan, Connecticut. New Canaan, Connecticut, next stop!  In issue number 141 of The Fantastic Four, published in November 1973, Reed Richards has to use his anti-matter weapon on his own son, who Annihilus has turned into a human atom bomb. His son is the result of Richards' coupling with the earthling Sue Storm, and the problem is that the cosmic rays that infused Richards and the rest of the Fantastic Four on their aborted moon mission have made young Franklin a volatile mixture of matter and anti-matter.  And that's what it is to come from a family, if you analyze it closely. Each of them is negative matter for the other ones. And that's what dying is -- dying is when your family, which is in fact your personal negative matter from which you emerge -- it's when the family takes you back, thus hurling you back into negative space...  So it's a paradox -- the closer you're drawn back in, the further into the void you're thrown.  Arise and shine, young Hood.  I hope you changed the water in that bong from last night.  (finishing a hit) The water, as you call it, is a special mixture of amaretto and Ben&Ben blended for just the exact chemical interaction with the last of our precious Thai stick.  Waste not Master Hood -- that was $20 for the bag.  (gathering books, papers,  almost talking to  himself) Man, Francis, you are one drug addled elitist freak, and when the revolution comes I do not want to be lined up with you and shot, 'cause you're fucking ripe for political reeducation, you know, like in the fields.  Paul, cancel your mental appointments, baby. What are you, like still stoned from last night?  (spraying some chloroform  mouth spray) I gotta get to English class.  Libbets?  Thank you Libbets, that's a very compelling summary, but --  Um, Libbets. Hey, Dostoyevsky, I'm also really a fan, and what you were saying, you know, have you ever read The Idiot?  If you liked Notes from Underground, you'll love The Idiot.  (after her) The Idiot.  I'm in love with Libbets Casey.  It's beyond mere physical attraction.  Truly? Do speak.  How do you know this shit?  (pause) You think Francis is going to beat me to the punch here?  Good thinking Marge.  No more man. I'm about to drop as it is.  See ya.  Where you going?  Paul, let me enlighten you about something. You and I exist on two opposite sides of a great existential divide, that being your pathetic virginity on the one hand and my astonishing number of sexual conquests on the other. I'm off to get laid. See you.  Flame on, asshole.  And remember, with your erogenous zones lubricated as such with the mighty herb, do not attempt terrestrial contact with members of the opposite sex -- because you drone on like a motherfucker when you're stoned.  (stoned) -- because I've been reading Kerouac and Ginsberg and those guys were creating beat culture and traveling and sleeping wherever, and, of course, with all kinds of people, but when you read carefully the various contemporary accounts of their lives, and, uh, these guys didn't bathe much, I mean they were really filthy, with like genital crabs, lice, exceptionally strong body odor...  How can you do that man?  Do what?  Sleep all day. I mean, look, it's already getting dark outside, and you're just getting up.  (beat) Um, Libbets Casey.  What?  Aha! I could sense the vibe.  What do you mean?  Am I right or am I right?  Shit. You're not planning --  My man, I speak to you solely as a comrade in arms offering unconditional aid. I've been giving this one a lot of thought, and I believe that the two of you together might just reach that higher ground that --  Hood, telephone.  Don't mess with Libbets. I mean it!  Hello?  Paul?  Hi dad.  Hey guy. Things ok up there? You all right?  I'm fine dad.  Well good. Just confirming. You'll be on the 3:50 Wednesday afternoon.  Well dad, actually I thought I'd take the morning train on Thanksgiving -- got a lot of studying, papers, you know, lab experiments --  Lab experiments? Right smart guy -- Paul, you know your mother's gonna be disappointed not to see more of you -- In fact, let me make this more than a simple request guy, I think you should...  (on TV, from San Clemente  press conference)  Well, with regard to the questions as to why Americans feel we were wrong to make the tapes, that is not particularly surprising. I think that most Americans do not like the idea of taping conversations and, frankly, it is not something that particularly appeals to me...  Hold on for a second. (turning) Wendy, you want-to say hi to your brother?  Come on!  Charles. Have you been keeping out of my shit? Have you refrained from entering the sacred precincts of my room?  Watching what?  (overhearing) Hey, that's the president of the goddam United States you're talking about, Wendy!  (muttering) OK, OK, the defense rests. (to Elena in the kitchen) Want another?  Gotcha.  (on the phone) Hey Charles. Charles, calm down -- I wasn't in on it.  We must recognize that one excess begets another, and that the extremes of violence in the 1960s contributed to the extremes of Watergate...  His brother came back --  Vietnam.   It was a benefit for the ACLU or something, and Harry Reems himself was there --  The very one -- something about a first amendment defense fund -- well I believe in it --   -- pulls right up to the pump, jumps out like there's no gas shortage, oblivious, and by this point everybody in line's piling out of their cars ready to kill the guy, when they notice it's that Reverend Edwards --  The Unitarian? The new one?  Yeah -- claims he pulled off Creek Road and didn't notice the line going back Mill Street for half a mile.  He's either got his head in the clouds or up his --  Lucky bastard!  Hell! -- I mean, no problemo there Mikey. Here, I --  No, my job is just to analyze the entertainment stocks and advise our institutional investors on where to put their money. It's --  (with a bit too much  conviction)  And as usual no one believed me...  Hey Jim, next time you've got to fill me in on whatever it is you're up to these days.  Will do.  (not looking up, but  alarmed) Who said so?  I don't have a girlfriend.  You'd think she'd learn how to cook a chicken, eh? My drumstick was still frozen when you cut inside there. I'm probably going to get whatever that disease -- and Jim, how that guy ever became a millionaire --  Hmm. I knew she'd still be up. Watch this --  Get to sleep young lady -- and I mean it.  If I were a fascist I would have sent you to one of those Southern military academies a long time ago. Now get to bed.  Hey!  (softening) Hey, kiddo. Sleep well, huh.  Good night kiddo.  I wasn't star--  That shrink -- the one you always wanted me to see? I thought you dropped him.  Why shouldn't she be?  (pause) Then again, why should she be? I mean with us, with our...  Oh not again Elena! If we've got problems, why can't you just come out and talk about them.  Yeah but Elena, even you don't believe all that "I'm OK. You're OK" stuff you keep babbling about -- you say so yourself. I've been all ears for about ten years now on his subject, and --  Elena.  Good night.  But what, exactly, is stagflation, this mixture of inflation and stagnation, and how should we in the securities industry understand and accommodate it? Well -- and I hope I'm not out of bounds here - think of the money supply as a large male organ, continuously inflating, and yet, the societal vaginal cavity simply wants more. As the vicious circle of higher returns without real satisfaction continues, the money-organ may seem to be in demand, but in fact even the most inflated capital is unwanted. This is why I suggest that while we engage this mawing abyss for the highest returns, we at the same time fantasize, so to speak, of the safe harbor of capital appreciation.  Hey there Benjie, you're becoming quite the in-house philosopher. When do you have time to think up all that stuff -- Shackley sure eats it up.  George, I'm just trying to get a global view of things -- can't just look at the small picture.  And speaking of which, you have those market share charts Mr. Shackley was asking about?  Gotcha George, not a problem. Tomorrow. Hey, you want to start covering the old filmed entertainment sector yourself?  Ben you know that's your territory  - and I wouldn't dream to trespass  - you're the expert. Hey, how do you think Paramount's gonna do with that Blatty novel, what's it called? The Exorcist?  Overpriced bomb, cost over $6 million -- no stars, and no one's into the horror genre these days anyway. I'm advising the company recommend reducing positions there. It's disaster films that are gonna stay at the top.  Brilliant. Hey, you heading out a little early today?  Got a meeting uptown.  (already moving off) Right o'.  Up the organization! (then, to himself) Bastard.  (waylaying a passing  waiter)  I'd asked for that double martini about three hours ago!  Coming right up, sir.  So asking me out for lunch -- what prompted this exceptional event? -- Of course I'm paying.  We don't have to always go to your club, dad.  And why are you still calling me dad? You're forty years old already, and --  -- Well what am I supposed to call you?  That's besides the point.  I was actually trying to see about getting a little advice, you know --  Advice? I'm supposed to be getting the stock tips from you, Ben. Unless - have you quit your job? They fired you?  You know, dah--  Actually it's not about work, it's advice about --  Oh for crying out loud Ben, you don't mean to tell me that your marriage is going down the drain now --  Well, Elena and I have kind of been talking, not really talking, but --  -- Your mother, God bless her, stood by me for forty-two years -- we never once contemplated divorce  - I assume you're talking here about divorce? The very thought --  But dad, you guys truly hated each other, I mean really hated each --  -- Waiter! Where's my cobb salad?  (back to Ben) You want advice Ben? If your big brother were still alive I'd have him go out into the back yard and beat some sense into your head. Look kid, you married that woman against my advice --  -- What advice? You never --  That's besides the point. The point is if I'd had any sense in me I'd have divorced your mother 40 years ago, and that's the truth, and here it is, 1972 --  -- 73  -- 73, and divorce is as easy as paying off a traffic ticket, and for crying out loud, Ben, be a man and just get it over with. I would have if I'd had the chance.  (weakly) But...  But what?  But I -- well maybe I love her. Elena.  Christ Ben! Make up your mind and eat your lunch.  Elena. Elena Hood, am I right?  Reverend Edwards. Philip Edwards. You came by and checked out the congregation a couple of times last year.  (smiling) No need to make excuses --  (as he returns to the  group, ball in hand) Did anybody hear that?  It's been a tremendously transformative year -- maybe a little controversial of course, but we're breaking down the old Unitarian barriers --  Well I of course flatter myself that our church is not exactly what most people would call organized religion -- at times it's the disorganization that's liberating -- and of course I've begun to minister much more in what one might call therapeutic environments, in small groups, and one on one, couples --  (a bit taken aback by the  abrupt topic change) They say you never forget.  Forget how to ride a bike.  Want some gum?  (opens his mouth,  displaying the gum on his  tongue) I'm chewing.  Tell Sandy? What?  You didn't tell him either, did you?  We were golfing, and you know, golfing to me is something I'm supposed to enjoy, and I was on the goddam golf team in college, so it's something one would assume I do well -- I used to do well -- but basically these days golfing for me is like hoeing, or plowing.  It's like farming. I am basically chewing up large tracts of expensively landscaped scenery with overpriced sticks, and George Clair has obviously, in the mere two years since he joined the firm, he has obviously been taking secret lessons with a golf pro, and I assume the entirety of his disposable income has been devoted to humiliating me on the golf course. And the guy talks - incessantly -- throughout the entirety of the miserable 18 holes  - on topics that are the supposed domain of my department --  Yeah?  You have a point there. That's a very good point. We're having an affair. Right. An explicitly sexual relationship. Your needs. My needs. You're absolutely right.  Gotcha.  Can't wait to see how it fits in with all the other instruments.  You want to go?  Well, it is a neighborhood tradition.  I'm, uh, going to bed.  Rough day. Good night.  Oh yeah. Musk, or something. You like it?  Yeah?  Sure, anything but this English.  I'm not good at math. Just geometry.  (drawing out his examples  on a piece of paper)  It's like, you know when they say "two squared"? And you think it means 2 times 2, equals 4? But really they really mean a square. A square with a side of two. And the area of the square is four. Like every time you use the word, like squared, or cubed, it's really space, it's not numbers, it's space. And it's perfect space, but only in your head, because you can't draw a perfect square, like in the material world, but in your mind, you can have perfect space. (pause) You know?  Hey guys, I'm back.  (honestly confused) You were gone?  (a look of disappointment)  Yeah Mikey. Yep, I was in Houston, working on some great new ideas about silicon, which comes from sand, very conductive. How you guys doing? How's school?  Uh, I dunno. OK I guess.  Hmm. Alright!  (as he sits) You bet.  (jumping up, which only  creates another wave) Sorry honey. Hell, we've got to trade this thing in for a normal bed.  (as he begins to unpack) You notice anything with Mikey lately? The kid seemed a little out of it tonight, eh?  Hell, I guess he takes after me, huh?  In many ways, the church-bound tradition of the father, son, and holy ghost is simply a version of the parent-child-adult triad within us all. It's a primitive set of symbols for our inner psychology.  -- And God the angry parent, and the Spirit the hope of an integrated adult self.  You ask what the point is?  Self-realization. Ministering to help people reach their fullest potential. Would you believe me if I told you I want you to see yourself reach your fullest potential and self-realization?  If that's a potential you see yourself fulfilling... I mean...  (flustered) My, I sound a bit --  You weren't. You actually, for some reason, you have the effect on me of making me feel just a tiny bit ashamed of myself.  (smiling) Now you are being rude.  Ouch.  (laughing) I believe so Mrs. Franklin.  I'm afraid she's something of a gossip, isn't she?  That I will indeed.  Because of molecules we are connected to the outside world from our bodies. Like when you smell things, because when you smell a smell it's not really a smell, it's a part of the object that has come off of it -- molecules. So when you smell something bad, it's like in a way you're eating it. This is why you should not really smell things, in the same way that you don't eat everything in the world around you  - because as a smell, it gets inside of you. So the next time you go into the bathroom after someone else has been there, remember what kinds of molecules you are in fact eating.  It's not the taxes I object to. It's all the fines and penalties.  Alright dad. But you sold the house, you didn't tell anyone, including the IRS, and I'd of certainly liked to have seen if there was any old stuff --  It was all junk!  Oh. Elena wanted to know when we could expect you on Thanksgiving. It's just going to be you this year.  Ben, I'm going to Florida. I hate Thanksgiving and I hate the cold. I have a new nurse. She's a negro, she weighs three hundred pounds, and I've decided to leave my entire estate to her.  What?  Jesus, Benjamin, you're still as gullible as ever.  That was a joke? You don't tell jokes.  I thought I'd start trying. If you don't mind. But I am going to Florida and I do have a new nurse.  To find yourself in the Negative Zone, as the Fantastic Four often do, means that all everyday assumptions are inverted -- even the invisible girl herself becomes visible, and so she loses the last semblance of her power.  (honestly oblivious, as  usual) I dunno.  (without looking up, in  unison) Thanksgiving break.  I don't ever want to see you.  Elena. I need some help here if this thing's gonna defrost by tomorrow.  Here.  You all right there?  Um, yes.  I do. I'm -- are you...?  (pause) You know Elena, I've been thinking--  You crying?  (gently making light) Whatever that means Elena -- And you complain about me not communicating... I thought it was --  You have to bring this up now? What? Did I do something here? Is that it? Is it something I did?  (pause, sitting up) Hell, I know. I -- I guess if you want to accuse me, you've got -- (looks at watch) Oh hell! I've got to pick up Paul. I almost forgot.  Yikes -- I was hoping to wear this thing to the Halford's Friday.  What?  I dunno. I --  Hey there Mikey, how's business?  (tripping off of his bike) Business? Uh, I dunno.  I'm picking up Paul at the station  - want to come?  What you been up to?  So how's school treating you?  All right.  Classes?  Good.  Grades?  Fine.  Anyone special? You know...  Hnnn.  Well it's good to see you -- we miss you around the house and all, but this St. Peter's, it's top of the line, eh?  Yeah.  You know Paul, I've been thinking, maybe this is as good a time as any to have a little talk, you know, about -- well --  (nervous) About?  Well, the whole gamut. Facts of life and all. Some fatherly advice, because, I tell you, there's things happening that you're probably old enough... well... (pause) For example, on the self-abuse front -- now this is important - it's not advisable to do it in the shower -- it wastes water and electricity and because we all expect you to be doing it there in any case -- and, um, not onto the linen, and not on your sister's underwear or any clothing belonging to your mother --  Uh, Dad --  Holy! Well. If you're worried about anything, just feel free to ask, and, uh, we can look it up.  Uh, dad, you know I'm 16.  All the more reason for this little heart to heart... great.  Um, Paul. On second thought, can you do me a favor and pretend I never said any of that.  Sure dad.  Thanks.  Hello, Charles.  How are the parental units functioning these days?  I don't know. Dad seems a little weird.  May I operate your telephonic apparatus?  Calling an individual, Charles, in New York. Confirming a social outing for Friday night.  It's a one-on-one kind of date thing.  Her name's Libbets.  Stuffed and baking.  Anyone home?  I'll be out in a second.  Sure you will.  Well, it's great we can all be together. And this Thanksgiving, no hysteria, no yelling, especially with grandpa not here, although we miss him. So let's do it right and actually, Wendy, why don't you say grace. You used to love to say grace, remember.  Jesus all right enough!  After the Thanksgiving I had, I need it. You having one?  You know, I think Elena might suspect something.  (thinking aloud) Maybe it's all for the better, you know? Yesterday, at dinner, well, she hasn't said anything... has she acted funny to you, I mean, have you noticed anything?  Yeah, but, I -- I've been working a lot lately, and -- No, that's not it. I guess we've just been on the verge of saying something, whatever it is, just saying something to each other. On the verge.  Huh?  Right. Gotcha.  Janey?  (quietly) Janey?  Shit.  Water bed! Dig it!   See, no one's here. Maybe you want to go to the basement?  There's a TV in the basement.  Maybe we can mess around. You know, only if you want to...  Why did you -- with Sandy?  You like him? He worships you.  Wendy!  (muttering) When worlds collide.  4:30 movie. When Worlds Collide.  What the hell are you kids doing down here?  What do I think? I think you're probably touching each other. I think you're touching that reckless jerk-off, for god's sake, and I think he's trying to get into your slacks. I think, at fourteen years of age, that you're getting ready to give up your girlhood --  Hey, hang on there, Mr. Hood --  Don't you direct a single word at me, Mikey. I don't want to hear it. I'll be speaking with your parents about this situation very soon. Bet your ass on that, son. Young lady?  Who else would I be talking to? And take that thing off!  I'm not interested in your smart ass remarks now, lady. Let's go. Right now. You and I can discuss it on the walk home.  Look, kiddo, don't worry about it. I really don't care that much. I'm just not sure he's good enough, that's all.  I mean, he's not serious, he'll end up living off Janey and Jim, you watch. It's just that you develop a sense when you get older, if things are going to work out or if they won't, and sometimes it's not worth the mess...  Your toes cold?  I'll carry you up the drive.  You go dry off now.  Never guess where I found her.  In the basement over at Janey and Jim's. With that weirdo Mikey. Not even a TV on. And they're on the floor and he's got his trousers down though thank goodness she's still dressed. Well, I really let him have it!  (a nervous laugh) ... and Wendy came home peacefully... Hey, should I dress for the Halford's now, or - give me your -  I get you loud and clear... hey, you look nice.  Oh, just dropping off a coffee cup. Jim left it, last time he was over. It was on the dash of the car. You were, you know, reading, thought I'd just catch some air. Let's eat.  Yeah, that one.  See you.   Stay out of trouble.  11:30?  Ah let the guy have his fun. What's the name of this girl with the Park Avenue address?  Libbets. Libbets Casey.  Libbets? What kind of name is Libbets?  ... and that ends today's highlight coverage of the Watergate affair.  What's for dessert?  No advice from the experts, huh?  You think I --  What's on your mind? Don't --  What do you mean?  Elena, what are you're talking about?  Listen, Elena, if you're gonna pull that passive aggressive stuff on me again --  (quieter) Am I unfaithful? Is that what you're trying to say?  Well, what kind of faithfulness are you after?  What else could I be? What else could I be? We're not living in the real world here. You're living out some fantasy land from the past, or some advice or something from those psychoanalysts... there are some hard facts here.  It's the law of the land... the government, the world, those two guys on the Yankees... And I'm not having any fun at it, I can tell you that. I'm not...  (whispering) Sure I do. Do I know what loneliness feels like? Sure I do. I know a lot about it, if that's what you mean.  You've...  Oh, yeah. Yeah, we'll be right back, Dot.  I know, I know. I had no idea --  Yeah, well, if we'd understood we could have invented some kind of excuse. A key party -- did you see how stuffed that bowl was already?  I think we're here and we don't have to stay -- we ought simply to put in an appearance and then we can head home.  I'm not staying at this party so we can go home with someone else's wife. That's not why we're here, right? We're simply being neighbors here, and I think we should do just that --  I'm not.  Elena.  Elena, it's not what you think. It's not a big plot. Honestly. Honestly. I don't know if you want to go over this now, but it's just something that comes over me. I don't feel good about it. I know I've done what I didn't want to do. I don't know --  Elena, you're just getting wound up to get wound up.  Benjie!  Clair, George Clair! What the hell brings you to New Canaan?  Well, it's the funniest thing. I've been talking to some investors -- a little outside venture, you understand, between you and me -- about a scheme to manufacture a new Styrofoam packaging. Little peanut like pieces that can really keep an item free from trauma during shipping. Miraculous. Anyway, it turns out the genius behind the whole project is your neighbor, Jim Williams. How about that!  Well, hey, isn't that a one-in-a million coincidence. A real dreamer, Jim Williams, eh?  Darned right. Look here, Benj, whaddya make of this sequel to The Godfather? You think it's gonna work?  Don't see how. I think the public's had its fill of this gangster stuff. No, trust me -- disaster pics. And air hockey.  Yeah, good.  Well, gonna make a break for the hors d'oeuvres guy.  Yeah, see you bright and early Monday am. (beat) Say, where's the wife?  (winking as he goes) In Rhode Island with the folks. I'm a free agent tonight.  Damn right, but where the hell were you?  (whispering, but too  loudly) Don't bullshit me around, Janey. Jesus Christ, I waited around for more than half an hour, in nothing but my boxer shorts, and -- and what's all that about? What the hell happened?  What?  Jimmy? Jimmy? I don't know how to take this. And what do you mean, Jimmy? I thought you said you and your husband --  I just can't believe you could be so --  (lighting up a joint) Welcome to the Monkey House has been a seminal influence on me -- hey Benjamin -- give it a try? This stuff will make some sense out of those larger questions.  (waving it away) Thanks for the advice Dave.  Uh, well, what the hey...  (coughing) Good shit.  Sure is good shit. It's opiated. I had it in my chamber for a while. I was smoking this other --  It's what?  Don't fret, Benjie, it's --  Darn it, Dave.  Take California. They've got their own airline in-state that's not subject to the fare controls. Compare Sacramento to L.A. on the controlled airlines and you'll see what Friedman is saying -- supply and demand, less restriction.  Approaching our final stop, Grand Central Station.  Libbets Casey, please.  Your name?  Paul Hood.  (a smirk) Elevator on the right. Eighth floor -- she's waiting for you.  (under his breath) We?  (lifting the book up) You oughtta read this Hood, Nixon, our leader, all ye need know about the travails of life. Check out the Checkers speech stuff.  (all hope drained from  him)  Francis. You gonna leave the seeds in there? In the binding like that?  All will be revealed, baby.  Awesome sleet and rain.  Howdy there. You, young knight. Can you check on the mead? Can you sally forth and secure us some more mead?  Huh?  (nasal voice,  impersonating a TV  character) Moisture! Moisture!  (handing him a beer) Hey, it's a sellable skill.  Hell on the fillings.  Everything's gonna freeze, the big freeze.  You're parents at that party?  You get in trouble?  I'm sorry if I got you into trouble. Maybe we don't have to, you know... unless you really want to.  I'm going to Silver Meadow, check out the ice storm... You wanna come.  Yeah. OK.  Out.  (pausing) Yeah. When it freezes, I guess that means the molecules are not moving. So when you breathe, there's nothing in the air, you know, to breathe in to your body. The molecules have stopped. So it's clean.  Perhaps you might find it in your heart to call me Philip?  Sometimes the shepherd needs the company of the sheep.  Forgive me.  (passing by) I hope those weren't my keys.  Eureka.  Valium. Seconal. Uh, (can't quite pronounce  this one) Par-er-goric? (a beat, looking into the  mirror for effect) Francis Chamberlain Davenport the Fourth -- tonight you sleep the sleep of the just.  And whence has yon virginal maiden absconded?  Like into one of the other 20 or so bathrooms they've got in this place.  Check it out. Not for the faint of heart.  Pharmaceutical! You are a god.  (picking up beer, trying  to hurry before Libbets  returns) One for you and one for me.  Groovy. (to Paul) Young master of the revels, a treat for our hostess?  Well, uh, I don't, it's really --  Come on Paulie, share the wealth. You copped 'em from her mom's stash anyway.  (hand in pocket) Libbets, you really shouldn't mix and match, you know with the beer. I'll put 'em back.  Maybe you should have just a half.  Benjie, feeling no pain.  As the Indian saying goes, pain is merely an opinion.  (nodding across the room) Hey -- check it out. Maria Conrad's brought her son. (walking off) I wish some of the gang had brought their daughters!  As Werner says, there is nothing to get. That's It. When you get that there's nothing to get. That's the training, when you ask yourself, the question, "What is is?"  That was the hardest part. But I did it. And you get into some far out shit.  The foot... the foot... toeclipper man...  I guess he's just real exhausted from, you know, tests and stuff.  You know Libbets, I really feel, you know, like a real connection to you --  Sure I do, you know, like your aura. That you give off.  It's like very positive, and I feel a real special feeling, because you really --  You do? I'm glad. Because I feel for you --  (simultaneously) -- like a brother.  Yeah, you're not alone with that line.  Right. Cool. So, how about we take a bath together?  (walking up to Elena) Ready to go?  (whispering) Charles, what time is it?  What time is it?  I'm, uh, in the midst of a moral dilemma. And I was wondering, because I know you're a very moral person, and --  Shit. I can't really talk about it. I guess I better get to the train.  What are you doing at home on a Friday night?  Golf handicap! Lowest handicap does the honors.  (ad lib) Hey hey Ben, hang on there a sec.  Sorry... maybe I should... the bathroom?  (muttering) Sorry, I'm sorry. Uh, I'll be back.  (taking Sari's arm) Actually, we didn't put our keys in at all. But you won't spread it around? It's my party, and Dot isn't... hey, we're just going to slip upstairs for a while. You folks like a cup of coffee or something before we go?  Well, I have to say I don't have much faith that my car keys are still in that bowl. Doesn't seem entirely safe, leaving your car keys around?  Thanks, but -- oh, I don't think so. It's been kind of a discouraging evening.  Somehow it was different in my imagination when I thought about it. Actually, I didn't think about it at all, really.  You want coffee or something?  Look, Elena, the fact that we're neighbors... you know, close friends, well it sort of makes this a little strange, don't you think?  What the hey. Let's go for a drive.  Nah, that wasn't in the contract.  We're going to have to defrost this thing for a while.  That was awful, really awful. I'm so sorry, Elena.  Things are really rotten at home. You wouldn't believe how rotten. Janey's sick. She's unstable, I guess... it's not the right time to tell you... but that's it -- it's like I can't make her happy, the boys can't make her happy, she just doesn't --  Jesus, let me make it up to you -- I can do better than that, honestly  That's fine. I wouldn't expect you to see it any other way.  Of course.  Elena.  I'll drive you --  (looking up at her, with  gratitude) Sure. I'll try. And we'll talk in the morning?  You okay?  Yes. Well, I guess we can walk from here.  Oh shit!  Oh shit oh shit.  Oh shit oh shit. C'mon!  Mayday! Mayday! Get this message back to base!  Mayday! Mayday! Get this message back to base!  Mayday! Mayday!  Oh shit.  You want to come in, get a cup of coffee -- warm up? I can either walk you home, or you could crash in the guest room.  Phone's out. I hope the pipe's --  Oh well. Why don't you put on some dry socks -- and we've got some rain boots in the guest closet back there. Last room upstairs -- back of the hall.  Good morning ladies and gentlemen --  Jim -- he was just up --  in Silver Lane -- I think maybe -- a power line --  Do you think? Maybe we should call someone --  Yeah. Well, we can just --  Paul? Yeah. You think --  C'mon.  There's something -- your mother and I -- have to tell you two --  