Did it work? If anything goes wrong I'll have to think quickly, adjust the signal, who knows? We'll be well on our way out of there before we shoot that thing off. Better be. You left me for him. You still believe in him. A toast to the end of the world. Just my luck, no ice. You can't be seriously considering firing nuclear weapons? He's not going to listen to me. I want you to leave with us. Right now. Fifty six minutes, forty five seconds. Walk to the window. Right in front of you. Connie, don't hang up. It's not paranoia. The embedding is very subtle. It's probably been overlooked... I've worked with embedded loading. They're communicating with a hidden signal. They're going to attack... You don't understand. You have to leave Washington. You have to leave the White House. Checkmate. Think. It's like in chess. First you strategically position your pieces. Then, when the timing's right. You strike. That signal. It's a countdown. Remember I told you that the signal hidden within our satellite signal is slowly recycling down to extinction. Just do it! Tell her to get the kids and leave town. What're you talking about? Strange thing is, if my calculations are right it'll be gone in approximately seven hours anyway. The signal reduces itself every time it recycles. Eventually it will disappear. Are you listening? I've got a lock on the signal pattern. We can filter it out. Yes, because the analog signal has a definite sequential digital patterns embedded within it. When I find the exact binary sequence and I apply a phase reversed signal to that calculated spectra analyzer I built you last Christmas, we should be able to block out the overlay completely... No. The good news is I found the problem and it's not our equipment. There's some weird signal embedded within the satellite feed. You're in meal penalty for disturbing my lunch. There's good news and bad news. Let's retrofit the dish to another satellite. Did you try to switch to transponder channels? What the hell is this? It was turned on. I was ignoring you. What's the big emergency? Thanks, Pops. A cold? Of course. Pops, you're a genius! We've gotta burn the rain forest, Pops. Dump toxic waste, pollute the air, rip up the ozone. Maybe if we screw this planet up enough they won't want it anymore. I'm making a mess. Dad, please... Moishe, please, don't talk. He wasn't the President then. Because last time I saw him I punched him in the face. Yes. I can use he signal to triangulate her exact position in the White House. Perfect, she's using it. She didn't take my name when we were married. College nickname. I just haven't found it yet. I tried C. Halbrook, Connie Halbrook, Spunky Halbrook... She always keeps her portable phone listed, for emergencies. Sometimes it's just her first initial, sometime her nickname... This, pops, is every phone book in America. Dad... They don't know this. Can't this thing go any faster? That's okay. You're driving. You still got the Olds? Pops! Three years. Dad, don't start. You have any idea how long it takes for those things to decompose? I'm thinking. Doesn't matter. Game's over. You as well. It's not me. They're overriding the system. Get us out of here! Must be thousands of them. What are they doing? What the hell are you doing? I have a confession to make. I'm not real big on flying. We'll meet you there. I'll see how they're doing with the radio transmitter.Do not engage until we've confirmed the package has been delivered. I think our secret is out. They're headed right for us. Roger, Eagle One, our primary target has shifted course. Mr. President, just what do you think you're doing? Pilots, sir. We don't have enough people to get them in the air. We've been collecting planes from all over but... We have confirmed divisions of troops from different armies all around the world. Most of Europe, the Middle East and Asia are battle ready. Better than we thought. Yes, Sir. We're down to approximately fifteen percent, Sir. If you calculate the time it takes them to destroy a city and move on, we're looking at world wide destruction of every major city within the next thirty six hours. And there are scattered reports of sightings over Miami, Ft. Worth, And Memphis. ETA with target; four minutes. The helicopter never arrived at Nellis and there's been no radio contact. She should be shortly. But Mr. President... Sir, what happens if they do become hostile? With your permission, Mr. President, I'd like to remain my your side. With their shields down it might be possible. How long would their shields be down? Christ, why didn't you say anything about this when they first arrived? You could have warned us before we launched a counter attack that cost us hundreds of American pilots! You were the head of the National Intelligence Agency! You knew all about this. When were you planning on informing the rest of us!? My God, the Vice President and the Joint Chiefs... We're trying to communicate with them on all frequencies but we're getting nowhere. Atlantic Command is working on a type of visual communication. More ships keep arriving, fifteen in total so far. Sir, I strongly recommend we move you to a secured location immediately. That's not your call to make, Mr. Nimziki. It's doing what? How do you know? A meteor?Stevie... I can't... We're already over Mach 2! I didn't even see them fire! Don't worry, big guy. I'm sure she got out of here before it happened. I hear you. That is an affirmative. I have victory dance. Mmmmmmm. Jasmine has this thing for dolphins. I had them make it... I don't believe it. They make you learn how to fly everything from an Apache to a Harrier and still they turn you down? What else do they want you to learn?Then what? A countdown to what? Not really... Okay, why did I just send my family to Atlanta? What happened? Haven't you been watching? Can you believe this? Huh? Oh, good, good. ...and we'll be the only guys in town with a clear picture? That's my man. That's the good news? And the good news is you won't charge me. What's the bad news? We've tried. It's not working. It's almost as though they weren't even there. Please, would I be this panicked if it was that simple? So sue me. Started this morning. Every channel is making like it's nineteen fifty. Snow, static, all kinds of distortions. No one knows what the hell is going on. What the hell is the point of having a beeper if you don't turn it on?But I gave you some this morning. Yeah. What would you think if we went there to live for a while? Just take it, dick head. Alicia! Make sure he takes his medicine. You're gonna break it. Just leave it alone. Here, take your medicine. Stop it. How' he doing? There's a group heading south, they said there's a hospital just a couple hours away. I think we should follow them. I couldn't find anything. Everyone is packing up, they're leaving. Word is a space ship is heading this way. For once in your life think about what's best for Troy. Who has to beg for money to buy him medicine when you screw up? Who? We're leaving, don't try and stop us. They let you out? Damn it, he was doing you a favor. You know how hard it is to find someone who doesn't think you're completely crazy? What are we supposed to do now? Huh? Where are we supposed to go now? It's the wrong field, you idiot! Lucas' farm is on the other side of town. Just what the hell do you think you're doing?All you need is love. John Lennon. Smart man. Shot in the back, very sad. All he could think about was getting to you. There's still love there I think. Think nothing of it, Spanky. Moishe Martinsburg, Mr. President. Punched the President? Oh my god. I want you should know, I'm very proud of you, son. What'd I say? David, you're drunk. This I can see. David, David! What the hell are you doing!? What was it, Roswell? You had the space ship, the bodies, everything locked up in a bunker, the what is it, Area fifty one. That's it! Area fifty one. You knew and you didn't do nothing! It's Air Force One for crying out loud. Still he gets sick? You punched the President in the face? Sure he'll listen. Why wouldn't he? You can do that? It's perfect the line is busy? You try Martin? Spunky? Not listed, huh? You think an important person like Constance is going to be listed? What the hell is that? All I'm saying is they've got people who handle these things, David. They want HBO, they'll call you. And you're going to educate them? Tell me something, you're so smart how come you spent eight years at M.I.T. to become a cable repairman? You think they don't know what you know? Believe me, they know. She works for the President. They know everything. It's the White House, for crying out loud. You can't just drive up and ring the bell. You want to borrow the car? You don't have a license. The television said they've started with the looting already. Vultures. Three, four. Move on. It's not healthy. I'm only saying, it's been what? Four years, you still haven't signed your divorce papers. David, I've been meaning to talk with you. It's nice you've been spending so much time with me, but... You don't move soon. I'll begin to decompose. So think already. What are you waiting? My social security will expire, you'll still be sitting there.These three died in the crash. Their bodies are as frail as our own. You just have to get past their technology, which is, I'm sorry to say, far more advanced. Not all too dissimilar to us. Breathes oxygen, comparable tolerances to heat, cold... probably why they're interested in our planet. Hey, you wanna see them? See, we can't duplicate their type of power so we've never been able to experiment. But since these guys started showing up, all the gizmos inside turned on. The last twenty four hours have been really exciting! Well, I guess you'd like to see the big tamale? Follow me. Mr. President, a real pleasure. They don't let us out much, you know.If we do, we'll both die virgins. But at last we'll be together. Cool. I wish I could do more but we're moving out. Penicillin. At least it will help keep his fever down.Then get them out of there. I could have evacuated the cities hours ago. You know, when I flew in the Gulf War everything is simple. We knew what we had to do. It's not simple anymore, Connie. A lot of people died today. How many didn't have to? He used to run the NASA. He knows where all the bones are buried. Comes in handy. Can we expect the same kid of panic here as in Russia? Roger. Where's it headed? Grey, you read me? I'm a pilot, Will. This is where I belong. Then find them. But what, General? And our troops here? How're we doing? Organize every plane you can find and get some Goddamned pilots to fly them. We're being exterminated. And our forces? Atlanta, Chicago and Philadelphia, destroyed? Where are they? Any news on my wife? Is my wife in the air? And get those helicopters away from the ship. Call them back immediately. General Grey, co-ordinate with Atlantic Command. Tell them they have twenty five minutes to get as many people out of the cities as they can. Then God help us. I had a feeling you would. I said call them back. Call them back. Deploy. Why the hell wasn't I told about this place? Above American soil? We're leaving. So far these things have not become hostile. For the moment let's assume they won't. Connie, let's issue statements advising people not to panic, to stay home and take cover. I want the Vice President, Secretary of Defense, the whole Cabinet and the Joint Chiefs taken to a secured location. I'm staying here. I am not going to add to a public hysteria that could cost lives. I'm not leaving. Can they be killed? What can you tell us about the enemy we're facing? People are dying out there. I don't think "exciting" is the word I'd choose to describe it! Yes. What do you want us to do? Can we negotiate a truce? Is there room for co-existance? Can there be peace between us? And before here? Where do your people come from? Where is your home? Why did you people come here?Just fell asleep. He's gonna be just fine. Join me in a little celebration? We should leave too. Troy's still my son no matter how you feel about me. You're not going anywhere. You hear me? I'm still your father. Just what the hell do you think you're doing? You sure? I'm bringing home the bacon. Earning my keep. And doing a fine job if I do say so myself.It's... slowing down, Sir. Well, er... it's slowing down. No Sir. Definitely not.I don't hear no fat lady. We're loose! Nice meeting you. What're you doing? I can't shake her free. Looks like they're preparing the invasion. Just getting a feel for her. Great. Oh shit, we're late. Butt-munch. Yeah, but what an entrance! I should have done this a long long time ago. Before we do this, I want you to know I'm sorry. You know me... You know how I like to make a big entrance. Butt-munch. Yes, I am. Naw. I'll just tell my other girlfriends they can't come over tonight. Look, after your shift tonight, why don't you grab Dylan and come stay with me on base. What? They cancelled it. Why are you acting like this? Baby, you know how it is. I have to report to El Toro right away. He's doing a good job. Jimmy, stay with me. So push it! Jimmy, kick it! They're gaining. Command, Eagle One. Switching to "sidewinders." We're moving in. Damn it! I shouldn't have left her. Don't get premature on me, Jimmy. We don't light up 'til the Fat Lady sings. I thought you said you were doing to break it off. How to kiss ass.I didn't take it. I thought I didn't need it anymore. That'd be cool! He's got that SEGA Saturn CD, 64 bit, right? I don't need it. It's all fuzzy.