So? Just shut up. I don't pretend I came over on the Mayflower-- I'm not talking to you. You don't have any friends. Catholic school, nasty. And what did she do? It's my life. If I want to fuck it up, that's my business. Oh, come on--you and Grandma think anybody who works with their hands is a peasant. When Dad-- I'm not settling for anything. I like cars, it's just not a move up the ladder to you, so you think it's a waste. You think I can't learn that? I can fix cars. They stole our land-- Just some rich Anglo out on the lake. Don't even live here all year. They're not going to jail. So? I can't take any more school. You and all of the teachers in this dump--your story's over, so you don't want anybody else to have fun. Just 'cause I'm not like Little Miss Honor Roll here-- If you had your way I wouldn't have any friends. I don't know what the big deal is.What I will do is keep names out of it till we got some answers or hit a dead end. You know how the press is with a murder story--even if it's forty years old. If it was some poor mojado, swam across at night, got lost in the scrub and starved out there, we wouldn't go any further. But this is a formerly prominent citizen. Just wondering. A .45-- You uhm--you remember what old Buddy carried for a side arm? Skull was intact, no soft tissue left--not much to go on. Everybody on the border knows that story. Yeah. That badge-- Male, 40 to 50 years old, five-foot- eleven, chewed tobacco--then we get into the dental records-- We find a body, it's either Skinny or Stinky, depending on how much meat there is on the bones. Yeah, this is Skinny. Gonna pull a lot of jobs out of this county. I hear they're closing that post down. How's business? Sam the Man.Now or later, Charley. You won't have any trouble finding me. There's not a soul in this county isn't sick to death of your bullshit, Charley. You made yourself scarce, you could make a lot of people happy. Whole different story; isn't it? You ever shoot anybody was looking you in the eye? I'm not picking it up. That's not the point. It's your deal. You sweated it out of him, you pick it up. So? What's that for?My father says the day you're born you start from scratch, no breaks and no excuses, and you got to pull yourself up on your own. So I'm part-Indian? So how come you got into all this? He's still pissed off about it. I mean, just 'cause he didn't--you know-- Public Display of Affection. Every time he moves up a rank, it's like he's got to tighten the screws a little more-- No sports if I don't keep a B average, no TV on school nights, no PDA's-- Are you kidding? And face a court- martial? That guy who got shot-- You know who I am? But they were Indians themselves. They fought against the Indians? So they stayed in Florida? The Trail of Tears. He a Black man or an Indian? No sir. Cool. Yeah. He lives here, right? Are we going to ever see your father? Fine. I'm pretty much moved in. You wouldn't? You got to be in the Army, you might as well have something slick to drive. I finished that. I'm just messing around. I have a B average. Dad, I talked to the track coach-- Dad, can I talk to you about track? Dad--? Dad--My government can go fuck itself, and so can yours. I'm talking about people here--men. Mi amigo Eladio Cruz is giving some friends of his a lift in his camion one day-- Bird flying south-you think he sees that line? Rattlesnake, javelina-- whatever you got--halfway across that line they don't start thinking different. So why should a man? Something like that. Fifteen years in El Paso. This place, the one across the street, four other ones around Ciudad Leon-- soy el Rey de las Llantas. King of the Tires. Lots of your people rollin' back over that bridge on my rubber. Recycling, right? We invented that. The government doesn't have to tell people to do it.You're dismissed. If the incident happened the way you say it did, there hasn't been an infraction. He's going to lose a lung. This is not good news for Athena-- He'll live. It's not our job to get involved in your personal life, but when it interferes with the training here-- So you knew this young man before? What's it doing on a rifle range? This is the stuff we picked up the other day, right? The rest of this is all .30 caliber-- It's a .45. Mikey look at this-- Mikey-- Mikey-- Hey, Mikey-- Priscilla says they think any woman over 30 who isn't married must be a lesbian. She figures they'll be so relieved I'm a man-- Maybe. I think it's beyond what you'd call dating. You get the feeling he doesn't want to be here? Since I've been stationed here? A fistfight now and then-- The Sheriff says we shouldn't touch anything, You live in a place, you should know something about it. Explore-- Man knows a hundred-fifty varieties of beer, he can't tell a poinsettia from a prickly pear. It's not just cactus. There's the nopals, the yuccas-- I don't know why I'm talking to you, you've got that thing on your head. It's a lead mine. Lead mine. They stopped training infantry there in the late '50s. It was just a playground for the jackrabbits till they gave it to the county last year. I'd quit the Army for you, if it came to that. You could take it-- We should just do it. Seriously, I think we should get married. Well--I don't see what's changed. No - PDA's, no necking on the obstacle course. She's pulled herself out of a pretty rough neighborhood. Hey--she's in a tough situation. I cut her some slack-- He'll probably be getting a medical discharge-- Sheriff Deeds was in on our archeological find yesterday. Sheriff--hi--this is Sergeant--this is Priscilla Worth. Old bullets. He uhm-- makes art with them. That ring-- This was a rifle range way back when. But we figured it isn't Army land anymore, it's your jurisdiction.Old Sam stood for somethin', you know? The day that man died they broke the goddamn mold. --but just as a kind of safety tip. --warning. Not 'cause he had it in for the colored Take that pair over in the corner-- You joke about it, Sam, but we are in a state of crisis. The lines of demarcation has gotten fuzzy--to run a sucessfull civilization you got to have lines of demarcation between right and wrong, between this one and that one--your Daddy understood that. He was like the whatchacallit-- the referee for this damn menudo we got down here. He understood how most people don't want their sugar and salt in the same jar. --but I gotta say I think there's something to this cold climate business. I mean, you go to the beach- what do you do? Drink a few beers, wait for a fish to flop up on the sand. Can't build no civilization that way. You got a hard winter coming, though, you got to plan ahead, and that gives your cerebral cortex a workout. Now I'm just as liberal as the next guy--You're dismissed, Private. Why don't you start with that? Any serious problems with your sergeant or your fellow soldiers? Do you think you've been discriminated against on this post? Why do you think they let us in on the "deal"? Chaos. Because it's a job? With your attitude, Private, I'm surprised you want to stay in the service. Do whatever they tell you-- How do you think I got to be a colonel? Please. Well? And that's the job? Nothing about serving your country? Who's "they"? What exactly do you think your job is, Private? You don't sound too enthusiastic. Do you believe in what we're doing here, Private Johnson? When you were given the opportunity to enlist, a kind of contract was agreed upon. I think the Army has honored its part of that agreement. Then how would you explain the fact that out of one hundred twenty people we tested, you're the only one who came up positive for drugs? Private Johnson, are you unhappy in the Army? My mother said he never asked about-- It's a small post and they're phasing it out in two years, but I moved up in rank and--well, a command is a command. I'm a colonel. Uncle Al-- Where'd he get all this? I never met her. You've been in this house for a while? If it's too late-- Colonel. Is uhm--is Otis in? You'll get official notification when I make my decision. He is out the door--Otis pulls himself a beer as Carolyn steps back out-- Maybe we'll clean that thing out back up, have a barbecue next weekend. We could invite him and his wife over. He does. My father. Good. How's your room shaping up? No. Not that I don't think you'd be good at it, but--you know--I wouldn't be disappointed if you decided to do something else with your life. So you're going into the Army? Tanks, huh? Homework? How many B-average students do you think they take at West Point? I thought we already had this out? Next year, if your grades are high enough-- Big O was always there with a smile or a loan or a free drink. "Hey, Delmore, where's your Daddy?" Otis Payne was never embarrassed about a thing in his life. I sprint the last quarter mile. You gentlemen don't have to keep up if you don't care to. I meant on the post. In general. How are you dealing with it? Substance abuse? Have we had trouble there before? Why would you want to do that? And people make their choice-- I hear things, too. People call you the Mayor of Darktown. The Army hands you a command, you go wherever it is. That's right. We have an enlisted man's club at the post. I assume a lot of your business is from our people. So tell me why I shouldn't make this place off-limits. Nice to meet you, Ma'am. Deal drugs in the bathroom-- You get much of that in here? That where he was shot? Black Seminoles?Si--tengo escopeto--just a shotgun-- Protection? Reputation? Eladio Cruz. I haven't seen anybody doing that. Not much, jefe. Some watermelons. No hay de que. Tengo otra. [No problem, I've got another.] Me llama Eladio Cruz--Bienvenido a Tejas. [Welcome to Texas.] Como se llama? [What's your name?] No te molestas. Tenemos a ella. [Don't worry. We've got her.] Aqui! Venga por aqui! [Over here! Come this way! Aqui! [Here!]Senora, anything it costs, I can work-- Donde vamos? [Where are we going?] We have a daughter. I am marry to the cousin of a friend-- but only to be able to live here. This is the mother of my child-- Es mi novia. [She's my girlfriend.] No es la verdad--[That isn't true--] No! No puede hacer esto--[You can't do that--] They need help. Jaime, Anselma-- esta es mi jefa-- We was crossin' the river-- We was by the river? And I hear my friend callin' for help, and I look and she has falling in the water-- I have some friends who have had a accident-- Hay pasado un accidente muy grave-- [There's been a bad accident--] Soy yo, Enrique! No tiene miedo-- [It's me, Enrique. Don't be afraid] Senora Cruz? Buenas noches, Senora Cruz. Enrique walks in the opposite direction-- Is very beautiful, your car. Es muy lindo, su coche--Your mother was a saint. Charley Wade were known to have put a good number of people in the ground, and your daddy gets eyeball to eyeball with him. That Buddy was a cool breeze. '57, 1 believe-- Tell that one, Hollis-- They just wanted it to be one of theirs-- Bad enough all the street names are in Spanish-- Every other damn thing in the country is called after Martin Luther King, they can't let our side have one measly park? Better late than never. Korean War hero, Sheriff for near thirty years-- Buddy Deeds Memorial P-- He was a unique individual. Buddy Deeds. He had a way.--but Buddy Deeds was my salvation. We made our collection at Roderick's place and that was the last anybody seen hide nor hair of him. He went missing the next day, along with ten thousand dollars in county funds from the safe at the jail. "Mas cerveza por favor." And the Sheriff at the time was Big Charley Wade. Charley was one of your old-fashioned bribe-or-bullets kind of Sheriffs, he took a healthy bite out of whatever moved through this county. The two of us were the only deputies back then me and Buddy--it's what-- '58-- Hell, everybody heard that story a million times. That's not the whole story. The Mexicans that know, that remember, understand what Buddy was for their people. Hell, it was Mercedes over there who swung the deciding vote for him. King wasn't Mexican, Fenton-- Big day coming up--I wish we'd have thought of it while he was still living. But he went so unexpected. Sam! I was just telling a few about your old man. He known who it was onnacouna the tire tracks in the dirt from the back of the garage to where they loaded up. "Old Fishbait," he says, "never lifted a thing in this world if there was a way he could roll it." "Fishbait," says Buddy, in that quiet way of his, "What you know about them tires that went missing from markets?" Fishbait thinks for a minute, then he lifts up a loose board from the porch floor and calls down into it, "C'mon out, Pooter, they caught us!" Word gets out who that body was, people are gonna think Buddy done it. Widow's benefits. He figured it would make the disappearance look better, and that Mexican gal was just scrapin' by after Charley killed her man. They didn't get hooked up till late-- The three of us cleaned up and took him to the post and put him under. Can't say I was much help. Buddy Deeds-- Your father had the finest sense of justice of any man I ever met-- Hey, Sam. You lived in the man's house what-- seventeen, eighteen years? And you didn't get to know him any better than that? Do you? I wish I could tell you I remembered something new, but I can't. We have a murder? Sam! Quite a do the other day. It meant a lot to folks that you said something. And I understand why you might want to think he could. We got that dedication tomorrow. This is a hell of a time to be draggin' up old business. There's no call for that, Sam. Fella made himself a pile of enemies over the years. No. I think his widow's still in their place in Darktown, though. You think it's Charley Wade, huh? He owned the colored roadhouse before Big O-- I told the story enough times--hell, we were just in the car, he was stewing about the fight with Buddy while we drove over to Roderick Bledsoe's-- Charley? I believe he was. Used to go for lodge meetings over to Laredo. What's he got to do with your body? Was it Davy Crockett or Jim Bowie? Just as well. The new people just painted it some God-awful color-- You go by your old house? Sounds great. Where do I sign up? Sam! Hey podner! You caught me playing hooky-- Look, I know you had some problems with your father, and he and Muriel-- well-- Oh--he come to an accommodation. Money doesn't always need to change hands to keep the wheels turning. Not a peep. Buddy run the man out of town. She put it even at three to three, so as the Mayor I get to cast the tiebreaker. The older generation won't have any problem with it. They remember how Buddy come to be Sheriff, that it was all 'cause he took their part. Right. But nobody here ever noticed him till they read his name on the national news-- There was a faction pulling for that boy who was killed in the Gulf War-- Ruben-- Oh, you know, the usual troublemakers. Danny Padilla from the Sentinel, that crowd.There isn't money allocated for that. But a jail-- There was a mandate in the last election-- He agreed it wasn't exactly news-- I got Eddie Richter at the Sentinel to kill that story. Sam-- We're building up tourism, Sam--They were using M-1's, yeah-- Yeah? What--it's a bullet. I'm lousy with bullets here. If I stayed out past ten with the guys she'd go into her Madame Butterfly routine-- Her parents acted like I was gonna blow my nose on their curtains-- I knew she was Japanese going into it, but she didn't tell me the ninja assassin part-- Always heartwarming to see a prejudice defeated by a deeper prejudice. But marriage, man--I did two tours in Southeast Asia and I was married for five years--I couldn't tell you which experience was worse. You met her family? They gonna be cool about you being a white guy? You going to get married? Never thought I'd see the day a buddy of mine was dating a woman with three up and three down on her shoulder. Guy cracks walnuts with his asshole. We had a kid pass out in the men's room. The town isn't much. He can't hear with that rig on-- Mikey! Cliff-- Cliff-- Looks like a lot of cactus to me. You finding lots of cactus and shit? Right. What? This place is a gold mine. Appreciate it, sir. Well, yeah, but I went through the Program. I haven't had a drink since-- You know how it is, Colonel--first time away from home, dealing with new people--I remember my first hitch-- There's not that much down here, Colonel. Big O's is the only place in the county that our African American soldiers are uhm--that they feel comfortable in.Well, he's living proof of that, son. Living proof. By blood you are. But blood only means what you let it. These are our people. There were Paynes in Florida, Oklahoma, Piedras Negras--couple of 'em won the whatsit-- Congressional Medal Of Honor-- When you're his age you'll still be pissed off about him. Didn't have a father? Well-- PDA? He's a pretty tough old man, huh? You didn't go telling your father you were here? I got a pretty good guess. They were in the Army. Like your father. Same as they done in Mexico. Men worked for Santa Anna down there, waited out the Civil War. The land wasn't much to feed people on, so in 1870 they come north and put up at Fort Duncan and the men joined up what was called the Seminole Negro Indian Scouts. Best trackers either side of the border. Bandits, rustlers, Texas rednecks, Kiowa, Comanche-- They got tired of fighting, went to the Indian Territories for a while. But the slave-raiders were on 'em even there, and one night they packed up and nearly the whole band rode down to Mexico. Crossed at Eagle Pass. They teaching that now? Good. Only a couple of 'em held out--this man, John Horse, and his friend Wild Cat, and a fella name of Osceola. Army put all of them in prison and Osceola died, but them other two escaped and put together a fighting band and held out another ten, fifteen years. Beat Zach Taylor and a thousand troops at Lake Okeechobee. He was part of the Seminole Nation, got pushed down into the Everglades in pioneer days. African people who run off from the slaveholders hooked up with them, married up, had children. When the Spanish give up Florida, the U.S.Army come down to move all them Indian peoples off to Oklahoma-- Both. Spanish in Florida called him Juan Caballo. John Horse. Go out through the back. You weren't in here tonight, were you? Because I'm your father. I gonna meet that family of yours? A lot of 'em choose both. There's not like a borderline between the good people and the bad people--you're not either on one side or the other-- Over the years, this is the one place that's always been there. I loan a little money out, settle some arguments. Got a cot in the back- people get afraid to go home they can spend the night. There's not enough of us to run anything in this town- the white people are mostly out on the lake now and the Mexicans hire each other. There's the Holiness Church and there's Big O's place. Right. I been hearing rumors about this new commander coming for a couple weeks now. Boys say they heard he's a real hard case. Spit-and-polish man. Full- bird colonel name of Payne, they say-- Bet you never figured you end up back here. Well, you're the Man out there now, aren't you? It's your call. Your boys out there cooped up together, need somewhere they can let the steam out. If they're Black, there's not but one place in this town they feel welcome. Been that way since before you were born. This is an official visit, then-- So. This here's Carolyn. Honey, this is my son, Delmore. If I thought it would help I'd put up a sign telling them not to. Right under the one about the employees washing their hands. It's a bar. People come together, drink, fall in love, fall out of love, air their grudges out-- That's where he fell. Hobby of mine. Got some artifacts, couple pieces one of your men out at the base made. Free admission. Yeah. How about that? People start digging holes in this county, there's no telling what'll come up. I'm not open. We were just talking. Buddy was more a part of the big picture--county political machine, chamber of commerce, zoning board if I kept those people happy, he was pretty much on my side. Whenever somebody thought--they start up another bar for the black folks, they'd be--how should I put this? They'd be officially discouraged. What about it? Could of been. That was white people's business. Oh--I think he came in one more time with Hollis and--naw, your Daddy wasn't with them. Made their monthly pickup. Roderick wasn't in so I just kept my mouth good and shut and handed over that envelope. I didn't understand the spot I was putting Roderick in.Chucho Montoya saw it with his own eyes. Shot him in cold blood. He murdered Eladio Cruz. That tough enough for you? Out in the fresh air, nice gringo lady making you pies--who's gonna sit back in a little jail cell all day? Sheriff Buddy, man. Como el no hay dos. And after that cabron Charley Wade-- It could have just been a box lunch from the jail. And your mother was a saint. That summer I built the patio at your house? She made me lunch every day. He was afraid I was going to poison somebody. Your father tried to do good for people-- That's how I ruined my stomach. Different charge. I had a still. Made my own mescal. Your father never bothered me about it. Leastways not till the drug people got on his back in the late '60s. I got a bad stomach. It helps me digest. It was for personal consumption. Three months. Time marches on. Morning, Sheriff.Well, it's a complicated issue-- I didn't want to be going around your back. How 'bout you? Yeah. Sam? I--the Committee--you know Jorge and H.L. and all--they asked me-- Oh. They got telephones. The Republicans? Uh-huh. Haven't seen much of you at the jail lately. You're out early. Any poop on the John Doe you found out there today? Down from Houston. I think he knew the girl before. Hospital says the other kid is in bad shape-- This isn't Houston, my friend. We pretty much running things now. Our good day has come. Just doing my job. You been talking so much trash today, you made us think you're a dangerous criminal. Be a good boy, now-- Excellent performance, my friend. The judge was very impressed.This is a club, Sheriff--you been in here-- No, Sheriff, I'm just-- You got him too scared to peep, Sheriff. Maybe if you put that gun up-- Otis, apologize to the Sheriff-- Don't mind him, Sheriff. Boy's just a bit slow, is all. He don't mean nothin' by it--Yeah, it's a pretty cold trail. You got to investigate. No question about it. So is Buddy on your short list? He swore by it. What? Colt Peacemaker. So he could have gone out to the base, hopped the fence, dug down into the dirt on the old rifle range and had a heart attack. You got a cause of death? You know the popular version of how he left town. --it didn't come out of a cereal box. Charley Wade. Nice job. Skinny? That the word on our boy? Yeah, we'll have folks swimming over to Mexico to work in the sweatshops. September '97, that's all she wrote. Business is booming. Got your drugs, got your illegals--had a shooting the other night at Big O's--Soldier got ventilated. Hey, Ben. Thanks for coming down. You look good, Bunny. It's nice to see you. I think they have another fella there to keep it off your chest. A spotter. What? It wasn't just you, Bunny. Suppose not. You didn't--uhm--you didn't have one of your fires, did you? The stuff I left in the garage--some of it was my father's-- No. You? Bunny, is that stuff I left in the garage still there? Best part of the job. Same weight I always was. You were in a fight-- Yeah, well-- You look good-- No, you look good. I was just wondering. Bunny, you--uhm--you on that same medication? You still going to all the home games? Rio. BUNNY Right. This kid, Hosea Brown? Does tire 40 in 3.4, soft hands, lateral movement--the whole package. Only a sophomore-- That's in Maverick County. Your government always been pretty happy to have that line. The question's just been where to draw it You ever know a fella named Eladio Cruz? Made some money, came back here-- You lived in the States for a while? You own this place? Pleased to meet you. Treasure hunter? Masons been around a long while. I've got the forensics fella coming down from the Rangers. No way to know how old the body is without some lab work. I was driving back from Apache Wells when they got me on the radio. Yeah. I bet he would. You mixed drinks bad as you mix metaphors, you be out of a job. Good deal you were born down here, then. If the next guy's a redneck. When you backed me you needed somebody named Deeds to bump the other fella out of office. Hey, folks-- We need a drug rehab program, we need a new elementary school-- We're already renting cells to the Feds for their overflow-- We don't need a new jail. Rather have that than the ten-foot- high catfish statue-- Seems like we have another one every week. Don't think the Rangers are likely to find out any more than they already have. And the ten thousand? Buddy Deeds was a murderer. Yeah, and my mother was a saint. For fifteen years the whole damn town knew he had another woman on the side. Stole ten thousand dollars to set her up in business. But hell, what's that? You got a problem? Buddy'll fix it. Facing some time in jail? Buddy'll knock half of it off-- if you do what he says, when he says. You got some business that's not exactly legal? Talk to Buddy-- Imonna find out one way or the other. Open late. Fellas. I got to go see somebody in San Antonio today. Your memory gets any better, I'll be back tonight. I think somewhere between Roderick Bledsoe's club and his house, Wade ran into Buddy Deeds. I think Buddy put a bullet in him, waited for him to die, threw him in the trunk of the Sheriff's car and drove him out by the Army post, I think he buried him under four feet of sand and never looked back. I got an idea what happened. Charley Wade. You thought any more about our murder? Morning, Hollis. People have worked this whole big thing up around my father. If it's built on a crime, they deserve to know. Now I understand why you might want to believe he couldn't do it. And Buddy was one of them. Besides my father, I mean. Forensics people are sure of it. You have any idea who might have put him there? He still living? Bledso You don't remember anything else from that last night you saw him, do you? All it was wearing was a big old Masonic ring and a Rio County Sheriffs badge. You recall if Charley Wade was a Mason? We found a body out by the Army base yesterday. Been there for a long time. No. I haven't been out here for a while. Floating around out here, playin' hell with them bass--play a little cards, play a little golf, drink some beer-- I always wondered what you Mayors do when you're not cutting ribbons. Right. Never heard from him again? That so? --Santiago. I heard there was a bit of a fuss. Look, I'm not gonna campaign against your deal here, but if anybody asks me, I got to tell them the truth. We-- don't--need--a new jail. It wouldn't happen to be your construction company gonna get the bid on building this thing, would it, H.L. And Jorge, you wouldn't be thinking about a couple dozen new jobs to dangle in front of the voters-- Danny's gonna be out for blood the next time. The Perdido thing? You ought to put up a banner-- "Frontera, Texas: Gateway to Cut- Rate Pussy"-- People come here to catch bass and to get laid at the Boy's Town in Cuidad Leon-- Do you remember the last time you saw him? People didn't complain? And my father? He squeezed money out of you? You had to deal with him in running the club. So you must remember Sheriff Wade. He had the club out on the old trail road-- You mind if I ask a few questions about your husband? Roderick? I've seen 'em. Yeah, that's the story of my life. I'm Sheriff Deeds-- Mrs. Bledsoe? Hollis probably told you we found Charley Wade. He ever accept cash for a favor? What was your deal with him? And when my father was Sheriff? That was the night he disappeared? And that was the last time you saw him? Murdered him? I've heard Wade was a bit tough on the Mexicans-- You built our patio while you were on the county? Well, you were working there-- So I've heard-- I'm surprised he bothered with it. I thought he busted you a couple times. You're going to smoke an acre and a half of marijuana? You stop growing that loco weed at your place, you'd see a lot more daylight. How much you got left? Hey, Pete. How's it going? Yeah-- If I met you for the first time today, I'd still want to be with you. I remember thinking you were the one part of my life Buddy didn't have a piece of-- He paid the hospital bill when you were born. Your mom always calls you "our beautiful daughter" in the letters she wrote to him. Buddy bought the cafe for her with money he took from the county. Pilar looks away, struggling not to cry-- Try a year and a half. He bands her an old snapshot. PILAR looks at it-- You have any idea when your father died? Eladio? You gonna tell your mother we been seeing each other? What was your father's name? Pilar-- I've felt that way, yeah. Don't have kids. Other pictures--I don't know--it's nothing I want to look back on. Two years. More, I hope. I don't know. It just feels good. Always did. Yeah. I came back 'cause you were here. You know the other day, you asked why I came back? Nothing. Yeah. Yeah. Pilar-- You've got your mother, your kids-- I got to admit it's not what I thought it'd be. Back When Buddy had it-- hell, I'm just a jailer. Run a 60- room hotel with bars on the windows. Got divorced, I wasn't gonna work for my father-in-law anymore. The fellas down here said they'd back me-- It might just be the age. I spent my first fifteen years trying to be just like Buddy and the next fifteen trying to give him a heart attack. Fernando did okay, and he dropped out-- No-- Nice-looking kid. Your boy, there-- Yeah. Most people did, yeah. They cooked the whole thing up without asking me. She's done well for herself--on her own and all-- I see she built a place up here by the river. Your mother still doesn't like me. Want to take a walk? Field trip? He's all yours. Yeah. I'll go check on your boy. I was--I was real sorry about Nando. He was a good fella. We haven't talked since. I'll see what's going on. Got him here? Something wrong? You think we need a new jail? I appreciate you telling me. Don't know if I'll still want it. You'd do a good job. They want you to stand for Sheriff next election. Gotta be in person. No--to Mexico. I've got to talk to somebody. I'm going over to the other side. I been working on a few things. Yeah. Nothin' much. The Rangers put Ben Wetzel on it. Catch you later. Okay--we'll take a statement from all the GIs before they go back to post. You can get the story from Otis over at the club. The shooter local? Sure. Yeah. It's quiet-- I haven't seen anybody come by. What's up? You know who it was? Another woman? No-- You think he killed anybody in Korea? So when did Buddy leave? Hell of a spot to put a business. You sell much out here?You suckers haven't had a good day since the Alamo. White man just using you to keep the Black man down. You're the one who's a good boy. Man say "fetch" and you fetch-- You don't need to cuff me.You little pissant-- You're fired. You're outta the department. Who said anything about shootin' anybody? You do whatever I say you do or else you put it on the trail, son. You feeling bad for Jimmy? Have him tell you the size of the mordida they took out of his hide when he run a place on the other side. Those old boys in Ciudad Leon-- There's gonna be some left over for you, Buddy. I take care of my boys. I roust some muchacho on the street, doesn't have his papers, all he got to say is "Yo trabajo para Jimmy Herrera." Jimmy got a kitchen full of wetbacks, most of 'em relatives. People breed like chickens. Just a shotgun, huh? Better let me take a look at that. You carryin' a firearm, son? Don't lie to me now. There's many an unfortunate soul been ambushed out on this stretch. Hope you're carrying some protection. Bandidos, Injuns-- You know this road got a bad reputation, Eladio-- This same person been bragging all over the county how he don't have to cut that big gringo Sheriff in on it-- he can run his own operation 'thout any help. Como se llama, amigo? I heard somebody been haulin' wets on this road. What's in the back? Hola, amgio. Problemas de llanta? [Hey, friend. Tire problems?] And people better clear out of here! Now! What's this I see? Is that whiskey in them glasses on the Bar? Roderick, I'm gonna have to cite you for a violation of state law-- You telling me what to do, Roderick? That the problem, son? You Slow? Houston, huh? I hear they let you boys run wild up there. How come you don't took familiar? Runnin' numbers without I know about it is both illegal and unhealthy. You remember that. As I remember it was because he had a sassy mouth on him. Must run in the family--You wouldn't be runnin' numbers out of this club, now, would you, son? Why you think that was? I sent your Daddy to the farm once. One of Cleroe Payne's boys? Otis what? I know you?The other one? Hell, at my age, every time you learn a new name you got to forget an old one. Your head's all crowded up--here it is-- Your mother wasn't one to get chased off her patch. Half the damn county knew and nobody thought the worse of her for seein' it through. If he hadn't found that Deputy job, I believe Buddy might've gone down the other path, got into some serious trouble. Settled him right down. That and your mother. 'Course he had that other one later. Me neither. They don't hand those medals out for hidin'in your foxhole. Would you buy this? For Frontera? Hell, I can't remember dates no more. I do recall it was after an affair of the heart had gone sour on him. He almost took some poor fella's head off at the Legion in Arroyo Grande, and figured it was time to move on. Buffalo chips. Fella in Santa Fe told me he sells these as fast as the buffalo can squeeze 'em out. But you don't see much competition, do you? How am I gonna sell things if nobody comes by? This stretch of road runs between Nowheres and Nothin' Much. --but longhorns are hard to come by these days.Mercedes Gonzales Ruiz. Vi a Rosaria arastrado para el corriente--[I saw Rosaria taken away by the current--] No puedo ver la orilla! [I can't see the bank!] Donde esta? Estoy perdido--[Where are you? I'm lost--]Been away. Up to Houston. Runnin' numbers illegal. I know that. Uh-huh. Payne. Name's Otis.It's supposed to be some big sin, even if you love each other. He's gonna find out. You going to tell him?You believe that? So? What's he gonna do, arrest us? He doesn't need to know all my business. You going to tell her?The stories people tell, he was a real colorful fella-- I heard about that deal for your father--You must be real proud. We'll get 'em-- So you livin' out here now? We had about a dozen wets come over just upriver. They ran into one of our posts--it was like a breakshot on a pool table, illegals runnin' every which way. Hey Sam. Sorry 'bout that.