Shhhhh. Freezing my nuts off. Ow! Mrs. Claus is HOT! Right, you don't wanna be rootin' -- This is little Billy talking? Yeah, yeah. Spare me, I got a prostate  the size of a melon. Seriously, half my life's a doctor's  hand up my ass, I should marry the  fucker. It's not that fucking little Billy  again, is it? Aw, honey, I had teenage girls playing  the wise men, what'd you expect? Well, I thought they did fine. POLICE. DON'T MOVE. What the hell is this...?!! Don't give me an attitude, sir. You're  assuming I won't shoot your sorry  ass, and everyone knows when you  make an assumption, you make an ass  out of u and mption. I'm Sergeant  Madigan, Vice, and if you cop a 'tude,  jerkoff, I will see to it you spend  the next ten years in prison getting  ass-fucked, and if the case is thrown  out because my arrest is too violent,  then I will personally HIRE men to  ass-fuck you for ten years. So if  you're an ass-fucking fan, go ahead  and mouth off, but meanwhile you're  under arrest for the crime of  prostitution, now shut the fuck up  before I cut out your kneecaps and  use 'em as ashtrays. Officer Donleavy, read him his rights. Please, this is my first, I... I've  never done this before, I'll do  anything...! Sir, listen to me. I understand you're  not a wealthy man, but in light of  the damage this arrest will cause  you, we might be able to make an  arrangement -- Is he all right...? Forget it. They looked like cops. We  pulled it off, didn't we? You want I should hire actors, for  Chrissake? These guys are cheap,  they work for food. Trin, I'm pissin' myself over here,  you're so funny. What's this? New case, honest to God chick with  amnesia. You want the job? Yep. Yep, yep, yep. Wasn't there a lady on TV named  Samantha? Had a magic nose or  something. 'Bewitched', yeah. Good show. Chick  lived with a faggy guy, then in the  last season it was a different faggy  guy. Okay. Here's what we do; get on  the horn to amnesia chick, tell her  yes. Then tell her in 1967 she  promised to give me a blow job. Worth  a try, right? Christ, guy's all over you like a  cheap suit. Oh, boy. Someone's gotta take my  father home. I'm plowed. ...So much for the flame-swallowing   Santa of Boone County. Meanwhile,  KTVA news journeyed to Upper Sandusky,  where Santa's own *Mrs*. Kringle  turned out to celebrate her hubby's  worldwide tour. After one look at  her, I'm thinking Santa got what he  wanted this Christmas. Gotta be fuckin' kidding. No. No  way. SHIIIT!! You're married what now, five  years...? You and Hal, how often you two...? Don't get all snippy... Goddamnit, I'm not drunk. Would a  drunk man have this much raw talent? ...and here's the jail here, see...?  Escape chute for the Borian, he's a  dinosaur guy, Moves quick, don't  take no shit neither. See, you can  make him shoot the guard -- ah, hell,  look, I played with it a little  myself, I'm sorry. TODD, TIME FOR DINNER. NOW. Hey, you go ahead, um... hope you  like the present. It's awesome, Dad. Mom, though, she... She gets weird. On my birthday, when  you gave me the Schwinn... she called  bicycle stores to see if there'd  been any robberies. Tell her I don't steal them locally. Dear Ma: Filled out the child support  stuff last week. Office got pissed,  under ex-spouse I put "Spawn of Satan,  Dweller in Eternal Dark." Just being  honest, Ma, lady wants me to die. I'd go without a ripple, that's the  truth. Ex-con. Ex-husband. Expired.  Thanks, Ma, for hiding the truth  from me for so long. Or maybe you  believed in me. I miss you. I hope  you believed, even for a day. No one  did, Ma. No one at all. It's cold  here. I'm sorry you're dead. Your  son, Mitch. Me. What's up? Mitch, we got a bite on amnesia  chick's photo. Found a guy remembers  seeing her, fall of '87. He wants  cash, should I grease him? Hell, no! Use your head, girl. Let  the fucker squeeze the Charmin. You kidding? Guy's hideous. I'll do  it, but we're talking time and a  half. Plus a night on the town when  I get back, and *no cockfights this  time*. Honey, you can't cook, I'm not wrong  about this. Tomato. Onion, flying in. Please, man... I don't know why you  gotta kill me... But use the gun,  not the knife. Please. As a fucking  favor, I'm begging you... It'll be over soon. Jesus, man... I... I'm scared of the  knife... Shit, I can't handle getting  shots at the doctors, man, PLEASE...! Last chance. What do you know about  a town called Santa Claus? What is this, *what the fuck is  this*?? I'm FBI, for Chrissake, you  can't do this to me. I don't know No. You don't. I can always tell, you know... If  someone's lying to me. A little skill  of mine, something to trot out at  parties. Timothy. Message from Mr. Daedalus. I'm listening. He says he's sorry, but he needs you  right away. Something's come up. Nix. I'm just finishing up here.  Then I'm going bunjee jumping. He's aware of your weekend plans,  and he apologizes. All right, what's so fucking  important? Your old colleague, One-Eyed Jack...?  Recently escaped from a high-security  prison, as you're aware. But listen  to this: prior to his escape, seems  he saw something on TV that disturbed  him. So much he had to be sedated. I saw it, too. It's called "Empty  Nest." How the fuck is it my business? The man was overheard talking to  himself under sedation. He said Charly Baltimore's alive,  sir. I know it's incredible, sir, but...  if she were alive, I'm thinking she  might be in contact with the old man  in Pennsylvania. Should I -- Tap his phone, yes. And tell Daedalus  I'm on my way. Timothy out. Ooh, j'aimerais la baiser. (Subtitle:  I'd like to fuck her.) Don't you love hearing people speak  French? Oui, j'veux etirer celle-la autour  d'une chaise. Comme je le vois, une  femme c'est comme Gumby avec des  seins. (Subtitle: I'll stretch her  over a chair, women are merely Gumbys  with tits.) Beautiful language. She rode all the way home. She didn't  fall, not once. She didn't cry. You're good. You should work with  kids, you know that? We can still make six o'clock mass,  you coming? Go away. With a detective. Jesus,  it's the holidays, Sam -- Evening Charly. Long time. I want my eye back, bitch. Goddamn you. Fight me. What's wrong  with you, *fight* me! Hey--! Slow down. The kid's okay,  she's in my car, what the hell is  going on? No matter what you find, I'm not  scared. Not of you. Not ever... Hah? Whatever. You cold? Turn on the heater. It doesn't work,  but it makes a very annoying noise  which distracts from the cold. You kidding? Pure luck. Plus my  secretary used her feminine wiles.  She's got two, one wile per side.  Huge. No kidding, you can see 'em  coming around a corner, you got time  to comb your hair. Nice kid, you'd  dig her. Ah. Here we are. Putting my glasses in my cooooat..." I sing what I do so I'll remember  it. "Turning off the downstairs  liiiight..." You know? The elder Trelawney rented to her in  '87, aye. Ne'er could bring himself  to dispose of her things. I'faith,  she's welcome to whatsoe'er she  wishes, for ne'er has trod these  walls a lass so easy on the eye,  divil take me if I'm lyin'. Do me a favor. Say, "Always after me  Lucky Charms." "Always after me Lucky Charms." Thanks. Just needed to hear that. See anything you recognize? Unmailed envelope. Addressed to a  guy. Another guy's address. Two addresses,  is basically what I'm saying. Anything else in there? Yeah, well take a look at this. Alice, please...? Your dog, Alice. It and my appetite  are mutually exclusive. It's simple. He's been licking his  asshole for three straight hours. I  submit to you that there's nothing  there worth more than an hour's  attention, and I should think whatever  he's attempting to dislodge is either  gone for good or there to stay.  *Wouldn't you agree*? Hello? Who... who is this? ...Charly...? God, it really is you...!? Chapter,  they think you're dead, *everyone*  thinks -- You don't know your name. Your full name... is Charlene  Elizabeth Baltimore. Signal Daedalus. We just got her,  she made contact. Initiating phone  trace. Charly, don't talk, just listen: We  have to meet, understand? We have to  meet *right away*. A former student... is in trouble. Whoa. Ms. Class, drive a little truck  on the side, do you? No, ma'am, it's just that... well,  when we met you're all, "Oh, fooey,  I burned the darn cupcakes." Now,  you go into a bar, ten minutes later  sailors come running out, they can't  take it. What the hell...? Lemme check the  scanner. ...without endangering the hostages,  over... ...Roger that two-niner. PCP  confirmed, he's on a fuse, please  provide backup, over... ...Conneaut,  I'm waiting on Special Weapons, sorry,  over... GIVE YOURSELF UP AT ONCE. LEAVE THE I'm the man! I'm the man! I elicit  the explicit! Why? Where the shit did you get that? Sam, Goddammit, you're gonna kill  someone! Hey! The diner...? That's half a mile  away, are you fucking crazy? How the fuck can you tell? *Mister Perkins*. Please, say it again, I'm a little  slow. Better yet, I'll try it. You  lost an operative, a trained  counterassassin, and you just saw  her on TV in a Christmas parade. On TV, that's correct. It's two weeks  old, intelligence just caught it. You recruited this woman in the late  seventies? For Chapter, yes. I was a friend of  her father's, you see, and... I took  her in. Well, it looks like she returned the  favor, now doesn't it? Unbelievable. You people, you dump  this on me, then next week you're  screaming, "Where's our funding?"  Shit. I'll tell you where it is, can  you say health care? Thanks for sharing, Kent. How many  double agents you got on the payroll,  last count...? If I may, sir, Colonel Baltimore  hasn't had classified access since I'm afraid rooting out double agents  may have to wait. The primary threat  is the woman. Her specialty is  counterassassination, a horseshit  turn of phrase which implies the  other fellow shot first, but in point  of fact she's a takeout artist of  the first order. Nearly disposed of  our friend the Beard down in Cuba a  few years back. Specializes in long  rifles, accurate to a mile and a  half. Presumed dead; now, after eight  years, back in the field, agenda  unknown. She knows enough to hurt  us. I'm frightened. Understand? Yes, yes. I believe you. Just one  question: *What in pluperfect hell is she doing  in a Christmas parade*??? Aw, cut me a break, Fran. I been out  eight months, I'm back doing skip  traces, now you got me stealing  fuckin' bicycles? You. You're the matter. Look, you  wanna keep going, good luck. I'm  driving back to Ohio. You're free to  come with me. Goddammit, lady, I'm taking you  *home*. Yeah, matter of fact. Four years  inside. Marion, Illinois, real  shithole. Get in the car. Seven years ago, Atlanta PD. Me and  my partner, we handled a lot of  impounded shit. Fucker hated me,  boy. One weekend, when he was  conveniently gone...? Some bearer  bonds disappeared from his office.  And lo and behold, when the police  responded to an anonymous tip, you'll  never guess what just happened to be  sitting in my closet. Hell no, I did, I stole the fucking  things. Now every dollar I hand my kid, he  asks his mother did I steal it. No more killing. Nice crowd. Who wouldn't be? Corner booth, there's  a beaut. While you're doing her doggie- style you can pop the zits on her  back. Whoa. You remember your father? Ms. Caine, last week at a party I  ran into a girl I knew from college  and we chatted for a few minutes.  And it wasn't til I was driving home  on the freeway that I remembered  that I'd screwed her in the back of  a car once. Everyone forgets. No, see, all's I'm saying is you're  not alone. Fine. I gotta use the head. For you. Another in a long line of  bad investments. Just saw the ring on your finger. Do I know you from somewhere...? Whoa. Back up. Total pickup line,  let's forget I said that. No, you don't, do you...? I'd know  if you did. I can tell if someone's  lying. Sorry to bother you. Okay, people, I got what I needed.  Wait until she comes out. Then do  them both. Walk soft, we got local law. Pork. On your nine. So you shot a guy in the head  yesterday. We wait outside. Too bad. People shouldn't shoot other  people in the head. Just themselves.  During that show with the little  girl who's a robot. How do you know? You think I'm gonna shove it down my  pants? Shoot my damn dick off. Ho, ho. *Jesus wept*...! Get in! Both of you, NOW! East, they're going east. *Head them  off*. Charly. Jesus Christ, I don't believe  what I'm seeing, you're so *fat*. What in God's hell have you been  *eating*, you look positively bovine!  Hang on. Bulletproof. Put it in myself. Charlene, darling -- Yes, yes, you said that on the phone.  *Must* I point out to you that the  letters in the name SAM CAINE, when  rearranged, spell out AMNESIAC? Your  mind was missing a name, so it simple  invented one that was an anagram of  your current condition. Dammit, Charly. The schoolteacher,  that was your cover! Your memory was  gone, you got confused and you BOUGHT  YOUR OWN COVER. This ridiculous Ohio  housewife business, it's a fantasy,  you *wrote* the bloody thing! Then quit. You're an assassin for  the United States government. I ought to know, I trained you. Beautiful. Fuckin' beautiful. *What happened to bulletproof*? *The side windows were next, I swear*. Here, you might as well have one  too. Three. One shoulder, one hip, and  one right next to Mr. Wally -- Where most patdowns never reveal it,  as an agent is often reluctant to  feel up another man's groin. Got a tail. Lucky bastard found the only cool  car in the fucking midwest. Your father was in the British SIS,  assigned to the Irish situation.  After he was murdered in 1971, his  friend Perkins recruited you for  Chapter, a black bag operation working  out of the U.S. State Department. Fall, 1987: Presidential orders come  down. You're to flush out a terrorist  by the name of Daedalus. You never  complete the mission, electing instead  to die, of all things, despite clear  orders to the contrary. And dead you  remain until, without preamble, you  re-emerge, eight years later and  fifteen pounds heavier. I think we can safely assume Daedalus  is aware of your resurrection and is  attempting to reverse it. *Damn*, I  can't drive around in this thing. Any idea where we can go to stash  this car? Perhaps you'd best drive. CHARLY, BABY!! Look, is this America's Funniest  Practical Videos or something? Let me do it. I can't believe you don't remember  dating me. Charly, please, you pursued  me for months. It's December, you'll remember.  Right...? Don't ask me, I just work here. Did  you bump pelvises with him or not? And you kid, Cathead -- Yeah, whatever. Um, could he be  the...? Enough. You're giving me a stiffy. Goddammit, he's *dying*. Let me call  the poor bastard an ambulance! *No ambulance*. The car I ordered  will be here soon. I'm about to faint... And if you  call an ambulance, I will fucking  kill you. Where's Charly...? Relax. She's with Luke. That's his  name, Luke. Goddammit, I told you -- Yeah, yeah, we weren't real big on  what you told us. I had him call you  an ambulance, so shoot me. Should be  here within fifteen minutes. The guy's story checks out. Sam knows  things about him. Stuff only a lover  would know. Sod that... just watch them. Don't worry about it. Chick signs my  checks, I'm gonna watch her get aced?  Lie back down. Checks. You're not fooling anyone,  dear boy. You'd wash her feet and drink the  water... wouldn't you? Cut me a break, nimrod. She's married  with a kid. My star pupil... That man in Pennsylvania yesterday...  The one at the diner, that was hers,  wasn't it...? How'd you know? I saw the news report, they found a  shell casing a thousand yards away,  helluva shot. Tell me about Daedalus, what's his  story? Arms broker, man without a face.  Veteran of Baader-Meinhoff and the  Red Brigades. He's rumored to be  based in the U.S. Doesn't travel  much, they say. Too afraid of metal  detectors, the poor sod's got a foot- long piece of steel in his leg. Come again? A pin, Mr. Henessey. A surgical pin. Where the hell...? I know I just  heard that somewhere, something about  a... Oh, fuck. Nathan, that son of a bitch has one  in *his* leg. You blithering idiot, the son of a  bitch wasn't her lover, he was her  target, he's Daedalus! Oh, Jesus...! That's how she knew  all that shit, not from *dating* him --  she *studied* the fucker to take him  out! Sure don't look like an ambulance,  does it? ...the bombing has been linked to  the Ulster Volunteer Force, which,  as you know, is the counterpart of  the provisional IRA and the most  violent of the Protestant Paramilitary  groups. You've never made it with a boy,  then? Rubbish. You're fourteen and not a day more.  Here now, I'm right, you're blushing. Saw him on the telly. Think he'd  kill me? I'm a nasty one, I am. You know what, I'll bet you've never  even kissed a boy... now, have you? Aye, but you want to... Thanks for shutting off the alarm,  you bloody Papist bitch. Tell the press the Ulster Force claims  full credit. How much... ...did they pay you...? Well, good afternoon. If it isn't  the forgetful spy. How you feeling? Look at her. She's not faking it,  she doesn't know me from Adam. It's not that I don't trust my  compatriot, Colonel Baltimore. In  fact, I had every confidence that  your amnesia was genuine -- until  you showed up *here*. You follow? Meanwhile, I just got around to  reading the papers, there's the small  matter of an incident upstate. Long  range rifle shot, blew a man out of  his socks. You can see where I'm coming from.  I'm trying to pull of the biggest  job of my career. I have to know.  How much you really remember... and  who you've told. We'll soon know. Torture, yes. The torturing of  beautiful women, albeit politically  incorrect, is an addiction with me. A woman never looks quite so beautiful  as when her face is distended in  pain. Witness the beauty of  childbirth. Let's not, and say we did. Do you  smoke? Good. You'll last longer. Now hush  yourself, and take a deep breath.  We're gonna do the torture thing. We're running on schedule, I just  secured the tanker. We're borrowing  it from Carbide in South Carolina.  Cargo listed as fire retardant. Juice up the bird, we head out soon  as I'm done here. Take all the air you can, that's  right. If you need to vomit, do it  now. You don't remember *at all*...? The  greatest night of your life, shit,  drown this ungrateful wench. Talk to me Colonel. Is my identity  safe...? The truth, and I'll shoot  you in the head. Nice and quick.  Otherwise, you're in for a long night.  *Who did you talk to*? Hate to see you like this, Charly. I  heard you were a helluva spy once. That's a very funny joke. You're an  entertaining woman. Good night. Okay, I'll signal Daedalus. Your  money will be waiting, and Jack...?  Do yourself a favor, do her and dump  her, I'm serious. Don't get cute,  try to play doctor first. I made  that mistake. Daedalus... Make you a deal... Let  me go now...? I'll leave you the use  of your legs... Bargain, trust me... How did you find me? Who knows about  this place, WHO HAVE YOU TOLD? I let you touch me, cowboy... I think  I need a bath. Samantha... Please...! Who's Samantha? You see in the movies, badguy says,  "Talk to me and I'll let you live."  We're gonna run a variation, it goes  like this: Talk to me...? I'll let  you die. Where's Henessey...? This can't happen, Harry. The  President's already up at night,  prowling his sock drawer for double  agents, and now we've got a fucking  rogue on our hands. Sir, there's someone in the conference  room to see you. Oh, for the love of Christ, who can  be so fucking important? It's me, your poor black cousin. The  one you can't be seen with. *You*...! Are you crazy, coming here?? My boss is dead. What...? Your rogue bitch just took him out.  Probably went shopping in his weapons  storage too. We're still on, Perkins. I've got  the tanker, the chemist, all ready  to go... but you gotta contain her,  man. We gotta step on her hard and  fast. Who is it? Perkins. It's cold, I want to come in. Charly...? Oh, my God, what the hell  are you *doing*? Listen to me, I'm  going to direct you to a safe house,  get you on a plane -- Can the bullshit, I'm not telling  you where I am. I'll come in for a  full debriefing, but we do it my  way. Charly, you're being paranoid. It's  not like it used to be, you're eight  years out of date. Do tell. Congress won't authorize a dime,  Charly. Chapter's on the way out,  we've been reduced to a records- keeping agency, we *don't have enough  money to kill you*, understand...? Fuck you, Perkins. If you want me  dead, you'll pass a hat in the typing  pool to buy bullets. We do things my  way. Your way, I see. And if I say go to  hell? From where I stand, it ain't much of  a commute. You'll hear from me. She mustn't threaten our success.  Contain her, whatever it takes. But  be *careful*. If it gets out you're  working for me... we'll both be  grabbing our ankles on the White  House lawn. Hey, Mitch. Glad you're awake. Uh- oh, you're seeping. Here, look at this. Ah, that hurt like shit!! That's why I distracted you first. Same principle as breaking in virgins. Same as -- virgins, *what*...? Saw it in a Harold Robbins book. Guy  bites her on the ear as he goes in.  Distracts from the pain. You ever  try that? No, I slug 'em in the jaw and yell  "pop goes the weasel," what the fuck  are you talking about? Who are you?? Name's Charly. The spy. Nice to  meet'cha. Drink? See? Sit next to the dance floor,  every drink's free. People finish  dancing, they think the waiter lifted  'em. I'm confused. Gimme a minute. Take two, they're small. Okay. Let's say I buy it. You're  actually a trained killer, Jesus, I  can't even say it with a straight  face. So then... Samantha, she... Never really existed. Like Nathan  said, she was a total fabrication, I  made her up. Fabrication. And now she's just...  gone? Forever and ever? Thank God. Look at my inordinately  large ass, look what she did to me. Pretty convincing act. Guess so. I mean, her personality, it had to  come from *somewhere* -- Change the subject. Better yet, steal  me another drink. Drink up. What's next? I called Chapter. I'm trying to bring  us in from the field alive... Chapter. Can you trust them? Not sure. Until I know, you might  wanna stay away from curbs. They like to push people in front of  buses. If I could come that way I wouldn't  need to dance the lambada. Follow  me, I need you to do something. ...The lady's whacked, Trin, she's  lost it and I want fucking out, now  *call the Feds*. She's moving us  tonight, I'll sneak out to this phone,  call you back at midnight with the  details. All right, Charly. What did that  accomplish? I'm testing our boy Perkins. I figure  he's gotta be tapping your office.  Got a light...? Oh, no. He just traced that call? Come midnight, you hang by the phone.  Nobody shows, we think about trusting  him. He tries to kidnap and torture  you, well, there it is. Whoa, time out. Oh, don't be such a baby. Ten o'clock, we got two hours to  kill. I'm a woman, feed me. Ugh. God I'm full, I'm gonna have a  food baby. "Charly." fucking unbelievable. Shame about the fat ass. I bet you  were really attractive once. Oh, I was. Check this out. One time?  A guy said he'd fuck me. No. Swear to God. Did he make good? Absolutely. Oh, and afterwards? Oh  my God, afterwards I said the most  funny thing, you know what I said...? I said, "Go back to your room. Dad..." It's why he thought I had him killed. Your father was murdered. When Da died, I went to his funeral.  12 years old, today I wouldn't. And  I overheard a woman, she was  praying... She was thanking God --  sounded so happy -- thanking Him it  hadn't been *her* father who was  killed. See... she didn't really  care that God had let someone die...  just so long as it missed *her*. ...and she bought her cross at the  same store as mine, see, that's what  we do, we all pray to the same cross  on a hundred different walls, and  sit back and wait to see who gets  hit and who gets missed. Fuck the waiting. Fuck being afraid.  I determine who gets hit, and how  hard. And I thank no one. It's  pathetic to thank someone who spares  you -- when they're just taking  someone else. Walk me upstairs? This is my first date in eight years,  Mitch. Is this a fun date...? Okay, what's going on? True love, shut the fuck up. You kidding me? I'm an ex-con, lady.  I wear a shiny suit, my tie's crooked,  and the last time I got blown candy  bars cost a nickel. Plus I'm ugly,  so what's up? Chemistry. Be quiet. Chemistry my ass. Know what I think?  I think this is why you'd fuck me. To kill a schoolteacher. Bury any  trace of her. Sorry, I liked the schoolteacher.  When she comes back, give me a call. Oh, and call your fuckin' kid, will  ya'? It's two days to Christmas, and  she's under the mistaken impression  that Mommy gives a shit. I didn't ask for the kid, Mitch.  Samantha had the kid, not me, NOBODY Easy, baby. She ain't coming back,  no way. Bitch is dead. Good evening. Fuck off. I see me a good-looking lady, all  upset, I wonder if she doesn't need  some male company. Forget it. I'm saving myself 'til I  get raped. Step into the alley, honey. I ain't  asking, I'm telling. Oh, don't tell me. You're early,  Goddammit, you're supposed to be at  the pay phone. Go away and come back  at midnight. I'm not ready yet. Got  a light? Lady, I have a gun! This ain't no ham on rye, pal. What the hell are you doing here? Saving your life. Woulda got here  sooner but I was thinking up the  sandwich line. You think I couldn't take him?  *Idiot*, you probably scared the  other guy away -- What other guy -- ? Headhunters, nimrod, they go in pairs,  were you always this stupid or did  you take lessons? I TOOK LESSONS. Hey! *What*? I still got this fucking gun! No, you don't. SHIIIIT!! Fuck you. Just fuck all of you. Dammit. I knew I couldn't trust that  prick. Easy, Spike. I got myself out of  Beirut once, I think I can get us  out of New Jersey. Don't be so sure, others have tried.  The entire population, in fact. Look, about me...? I mean, what's  up, you're this hot survival chick,  I'm getting the feeling you don't  need me anymore. Good point. Dear Mom: I was tortured, now I'm in  Atlantic City. The girl of my dreams  just threw me out of a speeding car.  Now more people will come an shoot  me in the head. On the plus side, I  won two bucks at video poker. Get in. Found a use for me. Yep. I gotta vanish, Mitch. I need money,  a whole bunch. Why didn't you say so? Gimme a second  while I pull it out of my ass. The key, Mitch. The one I keep around  my neck. What about it? What if I told you it's the key to  Box 406 at Pittsburgh International  Airport? How would you know? Someone filed  off the numbers. Not someone. Me. I filed them off. There's a briefcase in Box 406, Mitch. What's in it? $200,000. Payment for my last assignment. I  need you to retrieve it for me. Why me? Don't be stupid, they might have the  place covered. I don't want to get  shot to pieces. Shoulda known. Gimme the key. I'd love to. I left it with Caitlin  back in Ohio. Humor me: you're a paid assassin,  then you fall off a cliff. Sink under  the ocean, and when you come out  you're a fucking schoolmarm, wanna  tell me what happened? I fell into a school of fish, they  elected me principal. Shut the fuck  up. Mmmm. Personally...? I'm thinking  maybe Samantha Caine wasn't an act.  Maybe you forgot to hate yourself  for eight years, ever think of  that...? Shut. The. Fuck. Up. Hmmm... Nope,  seems clear enough to me. Hate myself,  Christ almighty. What are you, my  shrink? No, just some loser thought he could  maybe understand, fuck it. I been  there, you know. I'd kill for fucking  amnesia. I'm with my boy and all I  can think is I got reamed in the ass  by three guys. Merry Christmas, son,  here's a ball glove, did you know  Daddy screamed when they carved the  name in his back...? Mary, by the  way. I pushed for Cindy, but hell.  God, I'm tired. I never did one thing right, you  know it, not one fucking thing. Not  even accidental, that takes skill. Drive past, don't slow down. Park under those trees, honk if  there's trouble. Yas, massah, I be slowin' de caw  down fo' you. Good morning, Raymond. Um... morning, Ms. Caine. What did we learn about the dangers  of smoking...? Give it here. Thanks. Tell anyone you saw me I'll  blow your fucking head off. Man, I'd eat a mile of her shit just  to follow it back to the ass it came  from. Christ, I'm trying to have breakfast. Unit 2 to Red Dog, give us one more  pass, let's make sure the house is  secure. He's dead. Goddammit, how did that  happen?? Wanna be a statistic, lady? You're  about to have 2.4 children. I know where you live. Close your  mouth, you look like a fish. Merry  Christmas. Target two, acquired! Red Dog in  pursuit, backup requested. You got him? Jesus wept. This is gross, this is gonna be so  Goddamn gross... Shit... it really... *is* you... Phil...? Phil Krauss? I don't believe  it, they moved you from cyphers.  Long time, man, I figured you were  dead by now. So, Mitch. Still think I'm warm and  fuzzy? Sure. It's not your fault the gun  accidentally went off in mid-air as  you tripped and flew over the car. Exactly. What's in the glove box? Phone bill, Christmas card... Five  buck, swell. You didn't have to kill  him, you know. Back off, man. Do I tell you how to  snap photos of extramarital blowjobs?  No. Hello? It's me, I got your kid. Give your  location, we gotta lose the cellular. State Road 80, 15 minutes west of  Harrison. Okay, here's how we do it. Drive to  Harrison, find their main bus stop.  Pay phone, fifteen minutes. Better  drive fast, after five rings I hang  up. What the hell was that? He's got the kid. Doesn't want to  talk on the airwaves, he's routing  me to a land line. A pay phone. Which phone? Where? Shit. Service centers...! They list  'em on the back of phone bills, right? Excuse me? Shut up and find me a gun. HK, MP-5. Verify you have her. I got your cellular number off a  cast on her right wrist. Right below  Mommy loves you... Picture of a panda.  Dog, panda, it's got funky ears. I want money, Charly. I know you've  got numbered accounts, we all do.  I'll let you know where and when.  Fuck with me...? I'll blind the kid  and shoot out her knees. You're dead, motherfucker. We don't  involve families. It's not the way  it's done, *we don't take families*. I'll be in touch. Give me an ANI trace. Do it. It's done, she hooked. All I gotta  do is set the ransom meet. She mustn't suspect a trap. No way. She thinks I'm acting alone,  remember? Say the word, I'll hand  her to you on a plate. God. We're monsters, aren't we...? Forget Charly. Talk to me about  tonight. The tanker's on its way from  Charleston, ETA 1:00 a.m. One  terrorist on ice, waiting to play  patsy. What's in the sack? That...? Something to prove that I'm  not a complete ogre. See? The young one will have a doll  to play with on Christmas. Very  popular item. It... well, it pees.  You put water in it and... oh, fuck  you. Almost dark now. Another ten minutes. You want my  Crazy Meal action figure? Pass. Listen, you sure we're doing  the right thing? We've got money, we  could negotiate... *I'll get the damn kid*, okay? God,  I hope he doesn't shoot her up. Kid's  dead weight if she's sedated. Not so emotional, I'm getting  embarrassed with these outbursts  here. Oh, balls. Want me to cry on cue? I  can. This is an extraction, nimrod,  and she's the target, that's how to  play it, the only way to beat this  guy. Yeah? How come you know so much about  this fucking guy? Don't go there, Mitch, you don't  want to know. I'm here. Suppose you tell me. Fine, you asked. I bumped pelvises  with this guy. In Paris, back in I'd been assigned to kill his boss,  remember...? Needed him out of the  way. So I let him seduce me. Had a  steel needle under the pillow, figured  to stick him *en flagrante*, that  means while we were screwing. But he  was too slick. Bashed me in the head,  finished, then threw me in the trunk  of a car. Still think I'm a girl  scout, Mitch...? It's almost dark. Let's get it done. What's the matter? They're here. Who? Fucking Chapter, that's who. Timothy  acting alone, Caitlin had a chance.  Now...? She's dead meat. Fuck the cleaning, just drain it and  reload. Chop-chop, I'm going bunjee  jumping after this. Let me go in. Negative. You stomp around like a  forties drunk and you're a lousy  shot. I get by. You couldn't hit a lake if you were  standing on the bottom, now shut the  fuck up. I saw a little girl. Come again? That's what happened under the water.  That night, eight years ago. At the end... there she was, this  pretty little girl at the bottom of  the ocean, smiling at me. Three years  old, didn't know Daddies hid in  closets, not yet. Stared up at me in  the strangest way... saying how'd it  come to this, we were so pretty and  perfect, now look at us, sinking  with our head all open... Said when  she grew up she was gonna teach  school. She couldn't wait. Guards are on 27-1 megahertz, meet  me at 26-9, you need to talk. As  soon as you spot me with the kid,  start blowing the charges. They're gonna blow my head off, you  know. This is the last time I'll ever be  pretty. Time now. What I do next, they tell  me it... looks like a machine or  something. You don't like it, don't  look. Don't say it. I was gonna say enjoy life, eat out  more often. Gotta go. If she's alive, she's coming out of  there, Mitch. If she's not... they'll  know we stopped by. All clear. Christ, lady, what are you doing in  there, playing fucking mah-jongg?  *Move*. Bogey. Take her alive, Perkins wants her! I smell gasoline, you have a little  accident...? I got plenty of matches  up here. Bad way for a kid to go.  Thirty seconds, think it over. Good to have you back again, Chuck. You know, Colonel, you ought really  to have stayed dead. You don't know  the rules of the game anymore. No shit. Eight years ago, you send  me to kill Daedalus and this clown.  Now you're working *with* him. Budget cuts, remember? Congress  blinded us in Eastern Europe, Central  America. Across the board, an  intelligence blackout. We had to  recruit any eyes and ears we could  find, even if it meant going to former  targets. Budget cuts... oh, God. Is *that*  what this is about...? The foot  soldiers, the tanker truck... Fuck  me, you're running a fundraiser!! You'll get all the money you want at  the next budget hearing, won't you...?  All you need is a major terrorist  incident. Interesting theory. Theory, my ass. I think some  terrorists were planning a strike.  Bought supplies from Daedalus, that's  how you knew they were coming... No way. Don't tell me you're gonna  sit there and let them go through  with it, *just to get a budget  increase*. It's not without precedent. 1993,  remember the World Trade Center  bombing...? The CIA had advance  knowledge, don't think they didn't.  Worse, the diplomat who issued the  terrorist's visa was CIA, they  *facilitated* the bombing. Purely to  justify a budget increase. Of course,  they'd no way of knowing the  terrorists would botch the job. That's not gonna happen this time...? No. This time, the terrorist event  will come off precisely as planned.  This time the terrorists can't muck  it up... because we've killed them  and taken over. Found these buried around the  perimeter. Make sure you get all of them. Chuck, you give me the fuck of my  life then try to stick me, come back  from the dead, whack my boss... No  sense lyin', I'm miffed. So what's the plan? What's going out  in the tanker? What's the plan? I'm gonna die, I  wanna know. You wanna know the plan? Santa Claus -- small town U.S.A.  personified. We drive the chemical  tanker in tonight, park it. Add a  catalyst, chain reaction, it goes  hot. We evacuate. The mix heats  overnight, goes critical at 312  degrees Celsius. 8:00 Christmas  morning... Main Street looks like a  meteor strike. Are you fucking insane? You're talking  about 10,000 people!! Easy, Mitch. How you gonna blame it on terrorists? Those roads are treacherous this  time of year. When we dump a car to  the bottom of a ravine, with the  corpse of Imn Al Rahman in it... get  the picture? Listen to me, Timothy. Please. Let  my kid go. Why? For old times' sake...? Goddamn you, *look at her eyes*... And why exactly should I do that...? Because they're yours, motherfucker. That night in Paris, I got pregnant.  The little girl's your daughter. Priceless. Can't believe it... Kid's down there. What it is, Charly,  they're gonna find you both frozen  to death in the woods. Suicide pact. She's no risk, Timothy, *let her  go*. The freezer's downstairs, Charly.  Let's get it done. I'll wait for you to rescue me. Be just a minute. Shit, this place is loaded with fumes,  nobody light a fucking match. You  check her for flammables? Checked her for colon cancer. Shhhhh. Mommy's here, it's okay.  Safe and snug... what comes next,  huh...? What's the next part? We're going to take a nap together,  Cate. You can have your dolly, and  Mommy will be next to you, how's  that? It'll be like bears in winter.  When they get cold, see, they fall  deep, deep asleep... Bears, yeah, yeah. Enough. You're murdering us both, cocksucker,  let the kid have her fucking dolly. Chuck, I'm not a total creep. I'll  make you a deal, okay? There's a  knife in that box. Now, you and the  kid, you're going to freeze, *but* --  if you kill the kid *by your own  hand*...? I won't kill your husband.  Serious. We're gonna open that door  and you'll both be frozen solid, but  I wanna know that you've cut your  own child's throat. It ain't over, motherfucker. You're  gonna die screaming and I'm gonna  watch. Am I telling the truth...? Shhh. Just for a little bit. Polar  bear, remember? Tell me where Charly keeps her money.  She must have mentioned it. Get fucked, you dumb bastard. Charly  called Washington, by morning this  whole place'll be crawling with Feds. We'll be gone by then, Mitch. Yeah, well, that's what I'm saying,  there's a couple Feds, they couldn't  sleep, said they might come early.  Fuck you, someone'll screw up. Just  watch. Already did, Mitch, someone already  did. Perkins got stuck with a double  agent, someone trusted, highly placed. Who? Me. Chinks are paying me to bring down  Chapter. Truck goes, hundreds dead -- rescue  teams within minutes, guess what  they find...? The patsy. Uh-uh. They find Chapter, caught  with their pants down. See, Mitch, I  dumped in a much faster chemical  catalyst... The tanker's gonna blow *tonight*.  In the center of town, thirty-five  minutes from now. Open. Gimme a spark... show me, show me... Come on, come on... do it...! All this, just one fucking match,  *Goddamit*...! I love you, Caitlin, oh God, do you  know how much I love you...? No, baby, you're not gonna die. They  are. Charly's stash. What's the number of  the locker, Mitch...? Fuck you. Left nut, five bucks I make it. When I tell you, scream as loud as  you can, or else your ears'll get  hurt. Hey, should we buy a dog...? You foxy bitch. Move it out of here, now! *Run, Catey*. Where'd you go, baby... show Mommy... Smart girl, honey. Stay still. Don't  make a sound. Snug as a bug in a  rug... Charly, you there? Hello, Charly. Mitch! I don't believe it. Listen,  if you say, "Are we having fun yet"  I'll rip your nuts off. Where are  you? Behind the big garage. Is Caitlin  with you? No, but she's safe for the moment,  she stowed away on the tanker truck. Charly, Timothy rigged the tanker to  go off early. We got fifteen minutes.  No more. Hello...! Charly...? Tires won't pop, Mitch. Bastard just  locked her in, she's stuck in there  and they're leaving, *Goddammit*! All right, I'll go in and get her,  you watch my back. No chance. I make it twelve, Mitch,  automatic weapons. So kill 'em for me, bitch, Christ,  what are you good for? C'mon, buddy. Do one thing right,  just this once... please... Piece of cake. *Your nine, on your nine*! *30 degrees left, Mitch. Left*. *Your other left*. *Nix, nix, I can't see in there,  don't do it, break right...*! *Fuck me, I was wrong, get outta  threre*! Gracias. *De nada*. *End run, Mitch, go wide*! *No, Goddamn you, they got you  flanked...*! Dear Ma: I'm looking at the ants,  they're pretty great. Some really  funny ants here, Ma. All these funny  ants, think I'll stay and watch 'em  awhile... I tried to give you a pretty death,  baby. Did my best. Now you're fucked,  now it's ground beef time. The truck. How long til it blows? Sweet Loretta, you're another animal  entirely. Let's see, 312 degrees...  Make it ten minutes, give or take. Then I better hurry. Oh, spare me. You made a big noise  and bought five more minutes on the  planet. Give up. Die. I'll spit in  what's left of your face. All units converge. Divert local  law, this is a government matter.  Brook no interference, I want the  Baltimore woman eliminated. *Where's  the fucking chopper*? I'm the Missus. Drive. ...yes, she's with Santa Claus,  correct, er, excuse me, the individual  *playing* Santa, er... they're  pursuing the tanker truck, sir. Sorry, man. Government agents, high  level conspiracy. Veer left. Do it. In five seconds I'm gonna own  that fucking truck. Hang on, Catey. *No, not fair, not fucking fair...*! Can't stop, Catey, can't... Suck my dick, every one of you  bastards... Call it four minutes to detonation.  I got a chopper on the way, lots of  time. Oh, honey. Only four inches...? You'll feel me. Point team leader, reporting...  She's... incapacitated the truck...  I'm damaged, sir, I believe I'm  dying... Instructions...? Continue dying. Out. Anthony, get me the President... You've lost a step, Chuck. Muscles  never recovered from C-section, I'll  bet. Am I right? Please, man... She's only... eight...  she's a beautiful little girl... She's a worthless bitch. I know it  'cause she came out of me. It's called shock, Charly... Your  body wants to go into shock... Fuck you, your breathing's lousy... Look at you. You're out of your  motherfucking league, dearie. ...You want a piece...? Take my  shoulder. Got her. Heading for the tanker,  thirty yards out. She's all over the  place, something's wrong with her. *Cover your ears*. Run... get out... The truck's a bomb... gonna blow up,  RUN... I'm right behind you, go... ...*Go and don't look back*... Sir, your shoulder -- Fuck the shoulder, knee's worse.  Just bring me around and hold her  steady. I'm not leaving until I know  the bitch is dead. ...mommy... here... ...You're grounded... I'm gonna get the gun, you run for  that car. We go on three, okay? One...  Two... *Three*. Somebody get that motherfucker off  me! I got a kid here, I got my eight  year-old daughter, *Jesus Christ*...!  It's Christmas Eve, who are you  *people*, fucking pull him off! Do  you hear me...? Distract him, for God's sake give me  ten seconds, please, I'm begging  somebody, anybody, *she's my  daughter*...! Negative, ma'am, we understand your  request, but we've decided to go  ahead and let this play out... Where are *you* going?? Suck on it. Die screaming, motherfucker. Yeah, yeah. What else, we got a  fucking lightning rod on the roof...?  No, Caitlin, *don't check*. Hey... you're bleeding... I think that's yours... Right, sorry... *Somebody do her, somebody kill that  fucking whore, kill her*! Sorry, can't drive... Are you okay...? ...Are you... stupid...? ...funny thing...? You aren't going  to die... I am... I know. Hey, gorgeous... know something...  you got your mother's eyes... don't  let... nobody tell you different... Scared... to be nobody... without a  ripple... please... remember me... ...Love you... Um, Ma'am...? Ambulance is here.  They'll be right in. Stay very still. Good morning, I'm Charly. The slab  you're standing on is actually a  land mine. Keep your foot on the  pressure plate, nothing happens.  Step off the stone, we'll all be  wearing you. Charly, I know we've treated you  poorly, please, it was just business -- My terms are these. Call State and  order full disclosure on your personal  correspondence. Then disband Chapter,  effective immediately. In exchange...?  I won't shoot you, and I won't make  you stand on that mine. I won't touch  you. I won't touch you. I promise. You... you promise. It's done. Now, you promise... you  won't shoot me... won't make me get  on the mine...? I promise. Goddamn you, I can't hold him... You  bitch... YOU FUCKING BITCH...! Yes, Mr. President, you have my  assurance that Perkins' latest  operation has been rendered beyond  salvage. He's not in the greatest shape either. I owe you an astounding debt of  thanks, Colonel. Would it be  impertinent to ask if you'd consider  working for State again? The moneys  involved would be substantial. Out of the question. I've got a stack  of papers to grade. Listen, before I  go, I need a small favor... ...As I say, we can only apologize  for the system, Ma'am, but it's  confirmed that your husband is  innocent of the crime for which he  was imprisoned. This is a photograph  of the actual criminal... A petty thief, now deceased. I'll  respect your wishes should you choose  to file charges against the State  Attorney... Just talked to Dr. Sullivan, she's  gonna need the full braces. Even  with your teaching, insurance won't  cover it... I don't know what to do. 