-at last you're right- we do- you are the problem in Tsavo- -now you're telling me my beliefs?- I don't think so- The next time will be as this time- The Devil has come to Tsavo- As are they all. He'll replace you, too- that's all you really care about. -you do not call me a liar- you know nothing of their health- consider yourself fortunate I persuaded so many to stay- consider yourself fortunate I have decided to stay- On that I choose to remain dubious. Two are dead now in two nights. Oh, you're a doctor now, too? -malaria epidemic; very sudden. How; we don't know where they are? I think it's been a pleasure. Most certainly. Absolutely. Yes. I am a man of peace. You don't know all that has happened here- the Devil has come to Tsavo.Understand, I had help- Very well, the job's still yours, I'll go. But if I have to return, you're finished. And I will then do everything I can to destroy your reputation. Am I not fair? Told you you'd hate me. I'm going to try and locate Redbeard- I assume you've heard of him. Let me explain about time- you've been here three months and already two months behind. And the Germans and the French are gearing up. And I don't care about you and I don't care about the thirty dead- I care about my knighthood and if this railroad finishes on schedule, I'll get my knighthood and I want it. Professional hunters may be the answer. I made a mistake hiring you- you're simply not up to the job. And it worked? Are you running a high fever, man? How could you expect something as lunatic as this to succeed? How could you even conceive of it? Genius- the beast will enter, tripping the wire, the door will slide down, trapping him, you, safe behind the bars, will have him at your mercy and will shoot him. This is supposed to be salvation? What kind of idiocy are we dealing with here? What have they done besides kill Starling? How many have they killed? -what's the surprise in that, this is Africa? Well, I need to speak to him. Awhile back he ordered some bibles- -I've brought them. Is he here? I do need to see Starling. But overall, you're pleased? So work must be going well? Lovely sound- they seem happy. How could it be? I hate Africa. Very moving, Patterson; I'm touched you confided in me. But I don't really give a shit about your upcoming litter. I've made you with this assignment- -don't make me break you. You'll need your confidence, I promise you. You've never built in Africa. -build the bridge over the Tsavo river. And be finished in four months time. Can you do that? Games? Look at me closely, Patterson: I am a monster. My only pleasure is tormenting people who work for me, such as yourself. One mistake and I promise you this: I'll make you hate me. John Henry Patterson, come in. I'm Robert Beaumont. Firm- I like that, tells me a lot about you- -now why don't you tell me about me? To get you started, many people find me handsome, with a wonderful smile. I'm sure you agree. Winning personality, heaps of charm?Then why do it? You're certain about tomorrow? But you don't seem excited. I know it's your first day and of course you must be tired from the journey- -but what are you going to do about it? Who else would hire me? Beat you to it, didn't I? Oh yes, almost forgot- brought you a little welcoming gift. This sham? Ridiculous. Who needs it? It's only being built to control the ivory trade, make men richer. You intend "sorting this out" tonight? -then he feasted on him, starting with his feet- Well, he got away, didn't he? Riding a donkey not far from here when the lion sprang on them- donkey took the brunt of it- then suddenly the lion ran off. Nigel and I don't like each other much. I'm David Hawthorne, this is my hospital. And my advice to you is, "don't get sick in front of it." That was meant to be charming, sorry. I seem to have lost the knack. I have been desperate for Patterson to let me move the hospital since the day he arrived. Silliest thing I ever heard of- why in the world should we go through all that? That's a terrible idea-I assure you we came close many times- -I would never make excuses- but a fire broke out- the light was bad- he kept moving- That is correct. Nothing. We have hunted since childhood.-careful, Abdullah- I wasn't and you know it and don't push it- just listen- we have a problem in Tsavo- -that's ridiculous talk and you can't seriously believe it- Morning, friend, glorious day. You think so? Fine. It's best you get out. Go. Tell all your people to go, run home where they'll be safe under the covers and when the bridge is built and the railroad is done, they can tell their women that out of all the thousands who worked here, they were the only ones to flee- He sees this chaos, he'll replace you all. You think you matter? -Beaumont is on that train- he matters- -oh, sing a different song, Abdullah- -there's nothing wrong with your men so stop telling me there is- There is no reason for fear. Let me see the sick. You were contracted to work- -not a time for modesty, Bob- Every man who's ever fired a rifle has heard of him- by the time you find him, the lions will be dead. All they'll bring is more chaos and we've plenty of that already- and if they come in, word will get out- and what happens to your knighthood then? You genuinely enjoy trying to terrify people, don't you? Well, fine- -except there isn't a higher rated engineer and we both know that. And since time is so important to you, how long do you think it would take to find someone else qualified and bring him here? What? In point of fact, it didn't. But I'm convinced the theory is sound. I didn't conceive of it for the lions- I built one in India when there was trouble with a tiger. In that half will be bait- human bait- I'll start things off- -a sliding door will fit above that and a trip wire will run across the floor. I'm calling it my "contraption"- we're going to surround it with a boma- a fence, to you- and we're going to leave a small opening opposite that door. It hasn't been that simple so far. It's what the natives are calling the lions- -two lions have been causing trouble- Yes he is. Starling? Truthfully? There has been the occasional odd hiccup- but then, as you so wisely told me, I'd never built in Africa. Don't they, though? Pleasant journey? You won't have the chance. Any further words of encouragement? Then I've a train to catch. I've got a reason far beyond confidence: my wife is having our firstborn in five months and I promised I'd be with her when the baby comes. But I have in India- every country presents problems. I'm sure you've examined my record. So you know I've never yet been late on a bridge. My wife is the game player in the family, sir. You don't enjoy killing, do you? Karim will have to show me where it happened. And of course, I'll need the donkey. With any luck, I'll sort it out tonight. Then why do you stay? I am desperate to see Africa- but I hate the leaving. What if there are complications?- -well, it's just... ...other men don't abandon their wives at such a time- It was embarrassing- the man showered me with compliments. We're not much good at goodbyes, Helena. -well, of course he kept moving- but he couldn't have been more than ten feet away from the three of you- surely you must have wounded the thing- Not once?- you didn't hit it once?- All right- you'll spend your nights inside. You'll have plenty of ammunition. You're totally protected, you have really nothing to fear. Very good indeed. You mean nobody died? But it's crazy- the lion shouldn't be that hungry this soon. Samuel? Second death? Where?- That's what the books say... I'll try- but this feels so different- that old lion I killed could never carry off a man Singh's size. Nigel, you'll just have to use your hands- In your honor, Nigel. And you and Singh will be in charge of building them- and you'll also build the roadbeds and the three foundation pillars- and you'll be finished in eight thrilling weeks. All right- thee second embankment will go there. Possibly. How lucky we are. -true enough- but without the comedy relief. So that's what a lion looks like. Not to terrify you, Nigel, but it's worse than you think- I've never even seen one. What? -you'll have to deal with it, Nigel. Shhh. I'd love the company. And I've hunted all my life. Might be exciting for you. We know three things about man-eaters. First, they always return to where they've attacked before. Second, they're always old- they can't catch other animals so they turn to us. And third, they're always alone- they've been cast out by their pride because they can't keep up. Well, he put me in a spot, didn't he? But that's all right- after all, I'm responsible for everything that happens here. And it certainly won't do much for morale if a man-eater's on the prowl. And anxious to get started. What is this, mostly malaria? Excellent. Could I see the bridge site? Does he speak English? Have you got that in writing? Beaumont says it's to end slavery. Almost three hours. But I've been getting ready all my life. Just that they fart through their mouths. Must make kissing something of a gamble. The females are bigger- only animal here like that- have to be or they wouldn't survive because the males eat the young. He just gave me his "monster" speech. Actually, I could have done it much more easily without you, but for whatever reason, I'm glad you came. I never thought I'd say this, but I'm glad you came. How many do you think they've killed? Why? You think they'll come then? Why? Was that supposed to make me feel better? I'll have to. I'll be bait alone? They're used to people in trees, not in a clearing. It may be tight. Where could it have gone? How could it get across the water? They're only lions, yes? Their den? Have you ever seen anything like this? What happened to them? You just got hit. The getting up is up to you- but they're only lions- -and I'm going after them crack of dawn... But of course yours worked. Goddammit! Have you ever failed? ...don't know... ...misfire... it jammed... It was probably luck- I'd rather you did the shooting. I can try. Have you got it? That's very considerate. Somehow I guessed. Actually, no. We need to talk. Got me out of trouble. I didn't have a chance to thank you. It's all right, Samuel- we all get hit- Where is it? He has children? I feel the same about the bridge. This country certainly didn't ask for it, doesn't need it. Thank you. Why does he need you by him? You've known him long? You like him, don't you? I have to ask- why do you need me? I do, actually; very much. I expect so- it's from my wife. Thank you, Samuel. Look out, Samuel, here it comes. Fine. Get started. And a strict curfew- no one allowed out at night. Send half your men to the bridge, the rest with these two. And I'm sorry for my tone earlier. But I repeat- there is no reason for fear. I will kill the lion and I will build the bridge. Nonsense. What are they looking at? Clearly you don't agree about building the railroad? This is more difficult- The workers don't get on? It's all wonderfully under control, Samuel- you've done a splendid job. Why do the workers look unhappy?We'll have to make them come to us, won't we? And since there are two of them, we're going to set two plans in motion. First: we must move the entire hospital by tomorrow night. Starting now, we attack them. Excellent decision. Your name is Abdullah? I'm sure we'll meet again. Go and enjoy the splendid morning. Am I to take it you want to live? You're right. The Devil has come. Look at me. I am the Devil. No hints, Samuel. Then we agree. I suppose I could answer you. I suppose I could explain that the place is so inviting, what with the smell of blood and flesh, that they have to strike. It's even possible that I tell you I found some fresh paw marks around back which means they're already contemplating feasting here. But I don't want to answer you because when you question me you are really saying that I don't have the least idea what I am doing, that I am nothing but an incompetent, that I am a fool. Anyone who finds me a fool, please say so now. -is it, I'm sorry, but then, of course, you're the doctor, you should know. Understood- you realize now you could never have done it without me. The most of any lions... a hundred...? Probably more. Johnny...? Because I think they're after you. Good luck. It's certainly the best chance they've had to kill you. I can't control mine- I'd be lost without the shame factor driving me. Yes. And I'll be in some distant tree where I can provide no assistance whatsoever. Can you control your fear? Not for me- I'm too bulky and it's your idea, you go up there. Take the others to the water tower for the night. Don't they have to be?... Nobody's seen anything like this. Lions don't have caves like this- -they're doing it for pleasure. I got big. In my town, when I was little, there was a brute, a bully who terrorized the place. But he was not the problem. He had a brother who was worse than he. But the brother was not the problem. One or the other of them was usually in jail. The problem came when they were both free togther. The two became different from either alone. Alone they were only brutes. Together they became lethal, together they killed. It would have been a beautiful bridge, John. I never noticed before, occupied with other business, I suppose... ...never really pay much attention to that kind of thing but I've had the time today, nothing else on, and this... it's graceful and the placement couldn't be prettier... and... In point of fact it didn't- but I'm convinced the idea is sound. Meant to ask you- the railroad car trap. Your idea? Excellent notion- I used the same device myself once. It's all right. Stay ready. They know it's there. Only in life... Think about something else. Has it ever done that before? You'd never force the lion to me- and nobody ever got a lion with one shot by luck. Around there's a clearing- you'll know it from the anthills- get there and hide and listen to the sounds- I'll make the lion come directly to you. Samuel says you killed a lion. The best way to ensure the kill when you're using trackers is for one to shoot while the other uses the trackers to force the lion toward the shooter. Have you ever led trackers? No, but you do- -see, you were needed after all. And fifty warriors at the camp before dawn. I'm always considerate- my mother taught me that. I don't really. But understand something- even though it may take me two or three days to sort this out- -when I'm gone, you'll still have to build the bridge. And I don't want the men to have lost respect for you. All right- let's go into battle. I'm Redbeard. Let me save time- you are the engineer; you are in charge; you're sorry I'm here. Right so far? Good- because I am not an engineer, I don't want to be in charge, and I'm sorrier than you are that I'm here- I hate Tsavo. So I will help you by killing the lions and leaving, and you will help me by doing what I tell you so I can leave. See any problems? Nonsense- Samuel would have done something. What did I do? Hold your son high. My life was shaped because someone invented gunpowder. Our lives have crossed because two lions went mad. But what if in the future the three of us do something grand for humanity? Was that worth all the lives? Too soon to tell. Some Russian princes want to hunt the Himalayas. You? Patterson and I will be in the old hospital- where the enticing smell of sickness still lingers- -and by the time we're done, I promise you, the odor of blood will be irresistible. Gentlemen, there's no sickness smell at all here, and little blood. When we leave, close the gate securely, don't open it til morning and keep your fires high. Any questions, ask them now. You two will sleep beautifully in your tents. And stay there. Not even close. What happened? Because I have two plans to kill the lions- one involving the cattle, the other the men. Four should do it. Why do you laugh?- you don't believe she taught me?Afraid of lions. Underneath. Somewhere. Once... Three years I've worked for the railroad. Now I don't know why. It seemed a good idea once. He doesn't. He needs nobody. But we have hunted many times... ...he knows I am afraid of lions... Since his beard was red. Oh yes. But it takes time. Soon. You give me hope, John. Do you love her? Good news? For you. Oh yes, I think so. We should construct thorn fences around every tent area. Fires burning at night. You don't know what Tsavo means, do you? It means "slaughter"... You- they cannot believe you're still here. I am also liaison between these two. Did it look like this in your mind? Get on? They detest each other. Obviously the Africans hate the Indians. But the Indians also hate the other Indians. Some of them worship cows, while others eat them. Thank you. The truth is this: you have to work at it constantly. Because they are here. Because Tsavo is the worst place in the world. Come, John- to the bridge. Some mysteries should not have solutions. Help finish the railroad. Where do you go next? And where will you sleep beautifully? Did you ever see a lion that size? Why so many? They will want a lot of money. How many cattle? I don't believe you had a mother.-please- you needn't be so graphic- A man-eater attacks and you're such a buffoon you almost forget to mention it? You never had it. We all worked together. Worthy deeds were accomplished. I liked the labor. My mother insisted on piano lessons- broke the dear woman's heart when I turned out to be tone deaf- but she still was always at me about being careful with my hands. I like the blood, is that strange? What a good week. -far end of camp- man wandering alone at night. Hawthorne's examining the body now. There's even less of him than of Singh. But you said they were always old. John, it will not be easy. You do plan to mark it a bit more precisely than just- -"there." Aren't we full of ourselves today? I think it's because of the lion. With much more on the way- -John- we could have had this chat on flatter ground- ...one shot... Since you'd only been here three hours when we met, are you sure this is how you hunt lions? John? I know this isn't the time to ask, but- That is precisely my plan- but back in my tent. I'm sure you mean that to be comforting, but- I hate to be a bother, John, but the cramp's getting worse. The pain is actually quite unbearable now. Well, why not? You seem so calm and experienced. Why not, indeed! I've never been all that adventurous. I wouldn't be in the way? I don't suppose I could watch. You said "of course" you'd need the donkey. Why "of course"? I couldn't believe it when you said "sort it out." As if it were the most normal thing in the world. "Ho-hum, what lovely tea, I think I'll bag a killer beast this evening, nothing much else going on anyway." Yes- but their suffering is only transitory- once they except God into their hearts, He will vanquish all pain. Finish your tour? I've got medical supplies to deliver. Come along to the hospital when you're done. Samuel is camp liaison- absolutely indispensable- the only man here everyone trusts. We all have our reasons. Mine is simply to make them understand happiness, accept salvation, know the serenity that comes- -best I stop. One of the by-products of my belief is that I can become amazingly boring. But I know God smiles on me. Every time I see something like that, I know we're right to be here- to bring Christianity into their lives, enrich their souls. I've lived in Africa a year and I don't know what you know. How long have you been here? Anything special about them? Don't much like them. That. I know Robert seems dreadful, but when you truly get to know the man, well, he's much worse. And I'm one of his defenders. Forget him for now- it's your first ride to Tsavo- I think you'll find it breathtaking. Many thanks. You're Patterson, yes? Nigel Starling- I'll be assisting you at Tsavo- but surely Beaumont must have told you that.