You'll never catch us, you flabby bastard. Right, see, when I come back -- OK. Same again? Because I fucking told you to do that, you doss cunt. Bit fucking late, like. It's fucking boring after a while without the cards. It's fucking boring after a while without the cards. The cards. The last thing I said to you was mind the cards. No. On you go. You were in my way. Shut you mouth or you'll be next. You daft cunt. If you're going to waste it like that, you might as well leave it all to me. Now get the drinks in. Shag her senseless. If everyone keeps their mouth shut, there'll be no one going to jail. Sorry's no going to dry me off, you cunt. All down my fucking front, you fucking idiot. For fuck's sake. Ninteen. Twenty thousand. Not sorry enough for being a fat cunt. I'd fucking kill you. For four fucking grand? One palm tree, a couple of rocks, and a sewage outflow. Did you bring the cards? Two thousand, one hundred and thirty- three pounds. Yes, you fucking do. I've seen your statement. I'm no a fucking buftie and that's the end of it. I'm a fugitive from the law. I can't be seen on the fucking streets. Now watch my lips. Kempton Park. Two-thirty. Five pounds to win. Bad Boy. Hey, I'm wanting a bet put on. I've no fucking cigarettes. Too right it is. Now look, have you got anything to eat, 'cos I'm fucking Lee Marvin, by the way. And remember, Rents: no skag.Exactly. I'm not wanting a cat, she says. Get to fuck, right. So there's Tommy stuck with this kitten. You can imagine what happened. The thing was neglected, pissing and shitting all over the place. Tommy was lying around fucked out of his eyeballs on smack or downers. He didn't know you could get toxoplasmosis from cat shit. No, toxoplasmosis. Sort of like a stroke. Tommy knew he had the virus, like, but never knew he'd gone full-blown.Look, I'm sorry, I didn't mean it. Sorry, mate, I'll get you another. But it's not worth more than fifteen.Strive, hope, believe and conquer. Do you recall the school motto? I'm an old boy myself, you know? One of Edinburgh's finest schools. Well, Mr. Renton, I see that you attended the Royal Edinburgh College. Thank you, Mr. Murphy. We'll let you know. You were referred here by the Department of Employment. There's no need for you to get you "foot in the door", as you put it. Mr. Murphy, do you mean that you lied on your application?Cool down, Franco. The guy's sorry. I guess you would, Franco. We'll be half-way down the road with the money. Buy yourself that island in the sun? This was his nightmare. The dodgiest scam in a lifetime of dodgie scams being perpetrated with three of the most useless and unreliable fuck-ups in town. I knew what was going on in his mind: any trouble in London and he would dump us immediately, one way or another. He had to. If he got caught with a bagful of skag, on top of that armed robbery shit, he was going down for fifteen to twenty. Begbie was hard, but not so hard that he didn't shite it off twenty years in Saughton. Four kilos. That's what -- Ten years' worth? Russian sailors? Mikey Forrester? What the fuck are you on these days? You've been to jail, Spud, so what's the deal -- like it so much you want to go back again? Jesus. Let's face it, it could have been wonderful. Can you not go yourself. What? It's a scandal, Franco. Aye, OK, Fr. But the good times couldn't last for ever. So, what's he like? Happy birthday. And what age are you? Thirteen? Fourteen? What? Steady like? Well, you're not going to tell anyone, are you, and besides, I thought we could meet up afterwards, maybe go somewhere together. So long as everyone keeps their mouths shut, we'll not be getting caught. It's so simple. We buy it at four grand, we punt it at twenty to this guy that Sick Boy knows, and he punts it at sixty. Everyone's happy, everyone's in profit. I put up two. I come away with six. Iggy Pop is not dead. He toured last year. Tommy went to see him. It's Iggy Pop. You're too young. Well, it isn't. No. Yes, as a matter of fact, it is. Yes. What do you want? Certainly not. Easy for you to say. And that's what's illegal. Do you know what they do to people like me inside? They'd cut my balls off and flush them down the fucking toilet. No, not holding hands. Because it's illegal. Jesus. Come on. What? Christ, I haven't felt that good since Archie Gemmill scored against Holland in 1978. Sorry. Diane. think I left something back at the - Eh- I'll come back if you like, but I'm not promising anything. Great. Where's that? Where are you going, Diane? What's your name? Excuse me, I don't mean to harass you, but I was very impressed by the capable and stylish manner in which you dealt with that situation. I thought to myself: she's special. I didn't either. What the fuck is it? I bet Lizzy told him where to put it. Eh? How's that? What was it, pneumonia or cancer? Exactly. Those very words have been my guiding light in what is, after all, a dark and often hostile world. Of course, the motto, the motto -- Oh, really? Oh, yes, indeed. I look back on my time there with great fondness and affection. The debating society, the first eleven, the soft know of willow on leather -- Indeed, yes, those halcyon days. No problem. No problem -- easy to say when its some other poor cunt with shite for blood. No, I'm clean. I'm sorry, Tommy. Aye. Aye. No. Me Neither. Following the game at all? Are you getting out much? Another dab? Try this. It's a tightrope, Spud, a fucking tightrope. Exactly. But try too hard -- If they think you're not trying, you're in trouble. First hint of that, they'll be on to the DSS, 'This cunt's no trying' and your Giro is fucking finished, right? Now remember -- Good luck, Spud. Sorry, boys, I don't have two thousand pounds. That's tough. But you don't have the money? What was your price? So we've just come from Tommy's funeral and you're telling me about a skag deal? So? How much? What? Why would I want to sell my passport? Why? It was my fucking television. I can't believe you did that. Fuck you. You're all hear. You're a real mate. And what about Tommy? Have you been to see him yet? When are you going to visit him? And I got a stitch stuck between my teeth, jerked my head back and the whole fucking stump fell off. He made me lick it. No, he didn't make me touch it. What? It wasn't that bad. I'm cooking' up. There is a silence. It wasn't my baby. She wasn't my baby. Baby Dawn. She wasn't mine. Spud's? Swanney's? Sick Boy's? I don't know. Maybe Allison knew. Maybe not. I wished I could think of something to say, something sympathetic, something human. I think Allison had been screaming all day, but it hadn't really registered before. She might have been screaming for a week for all I knew. It's been days since I've heard anyone speak, though surely someone must have said something in all that time, surely to fuck someone must have. Clear enough, Moneypenny. This should present no significant problem. Give me the gun. That's your theory? Right. So we all get old and then we can't hack it any more. Is that it? Despite the Academy award? What about The Untouchables? OK, OK, so what's the point you're trying to make? So who else? Some of his solo stuff's not bad. What do you mean? Roald Dahl. Fuck me. Who wrote it? The park? You don't know, do you? Who wrote it? OK, so who was it, then? Eh - Ian Fleming? Lewis Gilbert. One hundred and sixteen minutes. Nineteen-sixty-seven. The only drawback, or at least the principal drawback, is that you have to endure all manner of cunts telling you that - People think it's all about misery and desperation and death and all that shite, which is not to be ignored, but what they forget - Spud is shooting up for the pleasure of it. Otherwise we wouldn't do it. After all, we're not fucking stupid. At least, we're not that fucking stupid. Take the best orgasm you ever had, multiply it by a thousand and you're still nowhere near it. When you're on junk you have only one worry: scoring. When you're off it you are suddenly obliged to worry about all sorts of other shite. Got no money: can't get pished. Got money: drinking too much. Can't get a bird: no chance of a ride. Got a bird: too much hassle. You have to worry about bills, about food, about some football team that never fucking wins, about human relationships and all the things that really don't matter when you've got a sincere and truthful junk habit. I chose not to choose life: I chose something else. And the reasons? There are no reasons. Who need reasons when you've got heroin? You'll have to send us a postcard. Sounds great, Swanney. Sure. Great. No, thank you. I'll proceed directly to the intravenous injection of hard drugs, please. In that case -- Stick it on my tab. Why, thank you. Excellent. What's on the menu this evening? No, I don't think so. That's hardly a substitute. He's always been lacking in moral fibre. The Sick Boy method. I'm going to get it right this time. Going to get it set up and get off it for good. Yeah. No more. I'm finished with that shite. From time to time, even I have uttered the magic words.I'll be right after you. I'm off for a pish. When I come back, that money's still here, OK? Christ. Well, why didn't you bring them? I'm sorry. Well, I've not brought them. Well, I've not brought them. What? Did you tell him? Come on, Mark, every cunt knows you've been saving up down in London. We're two thousand short. Four Grand. So he met me and I offered to take it off his hands at a very reasonable price, with the intention of punting it on myself to a guy I know in London. About four kilos. So he tells me. Got drunk in a pub down by the docks last week, where he met two Russian sailors. They're fucking carrying the stuff. For sale there and then, like. So he wakes up the next morning, realizes what he's done and get very fucking nervous. Wants rid of this. {---------- He's looking for Swanney to punt it, but Swanney's nowhere to be seen since he lost his leg. ---------- } There's a mate of swanney's. Mikey Forrester -- you know the guy. He's come into some gear. A lot of gear. It was just an idea. Well, this guy I've met runs a hotel. Brother. Loads of contacts. Does a nice little sideline in punting British passports to foreigners. Get you a good price. Well, Christ, if I'd known you were going to get so humpty about it, I wouldn't have bothered. Are you going to eat that? I got a good price for it. Rents, I need the money. And I'll tell you why. Because I'm fed up to my back teeth with losers, no-hopers, draftpacks, schemies, junkies and the like. I'm getting on with life. What are you doing? I know a couple of addicts. Stupid wee lassies. I feed them what they need. A little bit of skag to keep them happy while the punters line up at a fiver a skull. It's easy money for me. Not exactly a fortune, but I'm thinking, 'I should be coining it here.' Less whores, more skag. Swanney's right. Get clean, get into dealing, that's where the future lies. Set up some contacts, get a good load of skag, punt it, profit. What do you think? Fuck you. OK, so Tommy's got the virus. Bad news, big deal. The gig goes on, or hadn't you noticed? Swanney fucks his leg up. Well, tough shit, but it could have been worse. Don't know. Maybe Thursday. Cut it out. God, you're sick. Oh no, don't even mention it. You know. Did he -- you know? Eughh. Sounds horrible. Say something, Mark, say something -- Oh, fuck. Sick Boy reaches out to Allison. What's wrong, Allison? Do you see the beast? Have you got it in you sights? Yeah, Beautifully fucking illustrated. Yeah. That means fuck all. The sympathy vote. I don't rate that at all. All I'm trying to do is help you understand that The Name of the Rose is merely a blip on an otherwise uninterrupted downward trajectory. Charlie Nicholas, David Niven, Malcolm McLaren, Elvis Presley. - No, it's not bad, but it's not great either, is it? And in your heart you kind of know that although it sounds all right, it's actually just shite. Well, at one time, you've got it, and then you lose it, and it's gone for ever. All walks of life: George Best, for example, had it and lost it, or David Bowie, or Lou Reed - It's certainly a phenomenon in all walks of life. Roald Dahl. Tomorrow afternoon. Usual set-up. And I wondered if you'd care to go to the park tomorrow. But you're looking better, it has to be said. Healthier. Radiant even. You can look it up. Fuck off! He never wrote any of them. Screenwriter? Director? Running time? You Only Live Twice? I would say, in those days, he was a muscular actor, in every sense, with all the presence of someone like Cooper or Lancaster, but combined with a sly wit to make him a formidable romantic lead, closer in that respect to Cary Grant. Goldfinger's better than Dr. No. Both of them are a lot better than Diamonds are Forever a judgement reflected in its relative poor showing at the box office, in which field, of course, Thunderball was a notable success. Look, Tommy, we know you're getting a hard time off Lizzy, but there's no need to take it out on us. It's really nice, Tommy. Can we go home now? Are you serious? Such as sitting in a darkened room, watching videos, drinking, smoking dope and wanking. Does that answer your question? If I'm giving up a whole day and the price of a ticket, I'm just saying it had better be good. There's plenty of other things I could be doing. This had better be good.You've stabbed me, man. No, I don't mean like that -- I mean something nice, like, that's all -- I don't know, maybe I'll buy something for my ma, and then buy some good speed, no bicarb like, then get a girl, take her out like, and treat her -- properly. I want the money, Mark, that's all. The pleasure was mine. Best interview I've ever been to. Thanks. Hey. Right. No problem. Whatever you say, man. You're the man, the governor, the dude in the chair, like. I'm merely here. But obviously I am. Here, that is. I hope I'm not talking too much. I don't usually. I think it's all important though, isn't it? Only to get my foot in the door. Showing initiative, right? No, actually I went to Craignewton but I was worried that you wouldn't have heard of it so I put the Royal Edinburgh College instead, because they're both schools, right, and we're all in this together, and I wanted to put across the general idea rather than the details, yeah? People get all hung up on details, but what's the point? Like which school? Does it matter? Why? When? Where? Or how many O grades did I get? Could be six, could be one, but that's not important. What's important is that I am, right? That I am. I'd really rather take care of it myself. It's no problem. No, I'll wash them. I'll take them home and bring them back. Sorry about last night - Would not say no, would not say no. A little too well, if anything, a little too well, that's my only fear, compadre. My problem is that I tend to clam up. I go dumb and I can't answer any questions at all. Nerves on the big occasion, like a footballer. Nightmare. And you might get the fucking job. Right. Yeah. Cheers. I don't know, Tommy. I don't know if it's... normal. But where? What? So what's it going to be? Went ballistic? That's fair enough. I've got balls like watermelons, I'm telling you. She read it in Cosmopolitan. It's a nightmare. She told me she didn't want our relationship to start on a physical basis as that is how it would be principally defined from then on in. Six weeks. No joy yet. No. Well, yes. I have to admit it: I'm a perfectionist. For me, it's the best or nothing at all. If things go badly, I can't be bothered, but I have a good feeling about this interview. Seems to me like it's gone pretty well. We've touched on a lot of subjects, a lot of things to think about, for all of us. No, not homeless people. Beggars, Francis Begbie -- one of my mates. I wouldn't say my best mate, I mean, sometimes the boy goes over the score, like one time when we -- me and him -- were having a laugh and all of a sudden he's fucking gubbed me in the face, right -- I love people. All people. Even people that no one else loves, I think they're OK, you know. Like Beggars.Sure will, pal, sure will. Yeah. The strategy is this: get clean, get mobile, get into dealing, and this time next year I'll be watching the rising sun with a posse of oriental buttocks parked on my coupon. And see when I get out of here. I've got plans. Going to get myself straightened out and head off to Thailand, where women really know how to treat a guy. See, out there you can live like a king if you've got white skin and a few crisp tenners in your pocket. No fucking problem. As you wish. Regret to inform, sir, that your credit limit was reached and breached a long time ago. And would sir care to settle his bill in advance? Your usual table, sir? Your favourite dish. To see you through the night that lies ahead. you'll need one more hit. He knows a lot about Sean Connery. Yeah, well, it surely worked for him. Sure, sure. I've heard it before. Well, it's up to you. Are you serious?It'll be here somewhere. I might have returned it by mistake. Fuck, OK. Now? Thanks, Mark. Well, sub us, then, mate. I'm expecting a rent cheque. Have you got any gear on you? That's nice. Clear? You take the test? No. No. Doesn't it make you proud to be Scottish? It's fresh air. It's the great outdoors. There. Such as? It will be. It'll make a change for three miserable junkies who don't know what they want to do with themselves since they stopped doing smack. Well, what are you waiting for? A walk. We go for a walk. Well, I've paid for the ticket. Big time. Absolutely fucking radge. 'It's me or Iggy Pop, time to decide.' Yes, but then she finds out I've bought a ticket for Iggy Pop the same night. Useless motherfucker, that's what she called me. I told her, I'm sorry, but theses things happen. Let's put it behind us. Six weeks and no sex? Where did she come up with that? Six weeks! How long is it? How's it going with Gail?