Austin, you've really outdone yourself  this time.  We could have another photo session  back at my flat.  Austin, I love you!  It's Austin Powers!  Hello, Austin Just then, a FLASHING  RED LIGHT goes off and we hear a  distinctive PHONE RING.  That'll be Basil Exposition, Chief  of British Intelligence.  Austin Powers, Britain owes you a  debt of gratitude.  I understand you were wounded.  Where  were you hit?  That must be a sight.  I'd kind of  like to see that.  Nice buttocks.  We've got to find Dr. Evil!  Austin, why in God's name did you  strike that woman?  My God!  He's freezing himself.  Attention, Stage One, laser cutting  beginning.  Laser cutting complete.  Stage Two,  warm liquid goo phase beginning.  Warm liquid goo phases complete.   Stage Three, reanimation beginning.  Reanimation complete.  Stage Four,  cleansing beginning.  Cleansing complete.  Stage Five,  evacuation beginning.  Evacuation com...  Evacuation... Complete!  The cryogenic state of  Austin Powers is now completed.  Mr. Powers, my job is to acclimate  you to the Nineties.  You know, a  lot's changed since 1967.  My mother's told me all about you.  My mother's doing quite well, thank  you very much.  Let's gather your personal effects,  shall we?  Listen, Mr. Powers, I look forward  to working with you, but do me a  favor and stop calling me baby.  You  can address me as Agent Kensington.   We have to leave immediately.  We've  preserved your private jet just as  you left it.  It's waiting at Heathrow  Airport.  I went to Oxford and excelled in  several subjects, but I ended up  specializing in foreign languages.   I wanted to travel -- see the world.   In my last year I was accepted into  the M.O.D. in the Cultural Studies  sector.  I thought I was off on an  exciting career, but my job was to  read everything printed in every  country.  It's very boring.  My whole  day is spent reading wedding  announcements in Farsi.  If I do  well with this case, I finally get  promoted to field operative...  I beg your pardon?  Excuse me?  I'm sorry?  Mr. Powers, please.  I know that you  must be a little confused, but we  have a very serious situation at  hand.  I would appreciate it if you'd  concentrate on our mission and give  your libido a rest.  A Chigro?  We don't use the term 'Negro' anymore.   It's considered offensive.  Sure.  What?  I hope this is part of the unfreezing  process.  I understand that, Mr. Powers, but  let me be perfectly clear with you,  perhaps to the point of being  insulting.  I will never have sex  with you, ever.  If you were the  last man on Earth and I was the last  woman on Earth, and the future of  the human race depended on our having  sex simply for procreation, I still  would not have sex with you.  Yes, they're always after me lucky  charms!  What?  What?  Why does everyone always  laugh when I say that?  They are  after me lucky charms.  What?  It's a television commercial with  this little cartoon Leprechaun who  is a benevolent imp who is very  concerned that these children will  steal his lucky charms which are  foodstuffs fashioned into various  shapes&emdash hearts, moons, clovers,  what have you... It's a long story.  Remember when we froze your semen,  you said that if it looked like you  weren't coming back to try and make  you a son so that a part of you would  live forever?  Well, after a few years, we got sort  of impatient.  Dr. Evil, I want you  to meet your son.  Yes. Scott!  Yes, we've had it retrofitted with a  secure cellular phone, an on-board  computer, and a Global Geosynchronous  Positioning Device.  Oh, and finally,  this.  No, actually.  I don't know how to  put this really.  Well, there have  been fabulous advances in the field  of dentistry.  You're going to sleep on the sofa.   I'd like to remind you, Mr. Powers,  that the only reason we're sharing a  room is to support our cover story  that we're a married couple on  vacation.  Let's unpack.  I'm sure.  Here, use mine.  What's wrong?  Oh, I forgot to tell you, they're  prescription X-ray glasses.  I have  very bad astigmatism.  Number Two?  That's an unusual name.  My name is Alotta Alotta Fagina.  Why did you leave so soon?  Ughhhhh...  Go to hell.  Hello Mum?  Oh, hello Vanessa.  How was the  flight?  Great.  How's Austin?  He's asleep.  You didn't...  Oh, God no, I made him sleep on the  couch.  I'm proud of you.  Why?  Because you managed to resist Austin  Power's charms.  Well, God knows he tried, but I've  been rather firm with him, Mummy.   You didn't tell me he was so obsessed  with sex.  It's bizarre.  You can't judge him by modern  standards.  He's very much a product  of his times.  In my day he could  have any woman he wanted.  What about his teeth?  You have to understand, in Britain  in the Sixties you could be a sex  symbol and still have bad teeth.  It  didn't matter.  I just don't see it.  Just wait.  Once Austin gets you in  his charms, it's impossible to get  out.  Did you ever...  Of course not.  I was married to  your father.  Did you ever want to?  Austin is very charming, very  debonair.  He's handsome, witty, has  a knowledge of fine wines,  sophisticated, a world-renowned  photographer.  Women want hin, men  want to be him.  He's a lover of  love&emdash every bit an  International Man of Mystery.  You didn't answer my question, Mum.  I know.  Let me just say this: Austin  was the most loyal and caring friend  I ever had.  Do you want to talk to him?  No, it's been too long.  Best to  leave things alone.  I'm on with a friend! Look, I'd better go.  I love you.  I love you, Vanessa.  Why?  A limousine has just pulled up.  How do you know?  Let's go get him!  We can't just sit here, Austin.  I don't get it.  Unfortunately, while you told that  stupid story, Dr. Evil has escaped.  I hate having my picture taken.  I couldn't have another bite.  Watch out, you're on my hair!  Go!  Just go!  I haven't had fun like that since  college.  Why?  Always wanting to have fun, that's  you in a nutshell.  I am not.  I'm not.  I'm the sensible one.  I'm  always the designated driver.  It's not that I'm drunk, I'm just  beginning to see what my Mum was  talking about. What was my mother like back in the  Sixties?  I'm dying to know.  I thought you'd quit while you were  ahead.  What do you want, Mr...Cunningham,  was it?  You may.  Virtucon's main interest is in cable  television, but they do have a  subterranean construction division,  yes.  How did you know?  It's for the mining industry, Mr.  Cunningham.  We can talk about  business later.  But first, let me  slip into something more comfortable.  Come in.  Don't you like girls, Mr. Cunningham?   Come in, and I'll show you everything  you need to know.  May I wash you?  In Japan, men come first and women  come second.  Care for some saki?  How do you feel, Mr. Cunningham?  That's very clever.  Do you know any  other poems?  Thank you, that's beautiful.  To  your health.  Kiss me.  Do you mind if I ask you a personal  question?  Yes.  I'll tell you all in due time, after  we make love.  But first, tell me  another poem.  Oh, you're very clever.  Let's make  love, you silly, hairy little man.  Ya wohl&emdash I mean, yes wohl,  Herr Doctor.  I have created the  ultimate weapon to defeat Austin  Powers.  Bring on the Fembots!  These are the latest word in android  replicant technology.  Lethal,  efficient, brutal.  And no man can  resist their charms.  Send in the  soldiers!  Thank you, Herr Doctor.  When did you find that out, Austin?  Oh.  Yes, Virtucon runs a tour of their  facilities every hour.  I suggest we  pose as tourists and do site-level  reconnaissance.  Owww...my hair!  Austin, have you gone mad?  Who is that man?  Why did he hit me?  Really, Austin!  Austin, may I have a word with you?  Listen, I know I'm just being  neurotic, but I can't shake this  suspicious  I can't believe you made love to her  just like that.  Did you use  protection?  No, did you use a condom?  Not in the Nineties.  Well, it means something to me.  If  you want us to have a relationship,  you've got to be a one-woman man.  You just don't get it, do you, Austin?   Good night.  Welcome to the Nineties,  you're going to be very lonely.  Thirty years of political and social  upheaval.  The fall of the Berlin  wall, a female Prime Minister of  England, the abolishment of Apartheid,  a fascinating tapestry of human strum  und drang.  Basil was very concerned to know  where you were last night.  I'll tell him.  By the way, I've  decided we should keep our  relationship strictly professional.  Do you think she's prettier than I?  You know who.  I'm looking at you, and the whole  time I can't help thinking you had  your willie inside her hootchie-kooch.  Austin, we don't look anything like  our photo badges.  That's amazing.  Let's go!  Austin, we have to go!  Attention, there are intruders in  the complex.  Where did you learn to drive?  Austin, watch out!  Thank God, Austin, we made it.  Sit down, Billy, I have some bad  news.  As you know, your brother  Steven was a henchman in Dr. Evil's  Private Army.  Your brother was run over by a  steamroller.  I'm sorry son.  People never think  how things affect the family of the  henchman. I love you, Billy. I wonder if we'll be able to receive  Steve's henchman's comp.  I don't understand.  Not now, Austin.  Dr. Evil?  It's about the sharks.  Since you  were frozen, they've been placed on  the Endangered Species List.  We  tried to get some, but it will take  months to clear up the red tape.  Well, we experimented with lasers,  but you would be surprised at how  heavy they are.  They actually  outweighed the piranha themselves,  and the fish, well, they sank to the  bottom and died.  Sea bass.  They're mutated sea bass.  Please allow me to demonstrate.  What's your plan?  Sadly, no.  Hold on!  I always keep  this on me just in case.  No, no, no.  We'll use the floss to  get to the ledge.  Austin, watch out!  Indeed.  Yes.  Shut up.  What do we do now?  I'm not going anywhere.  We're a  team.  I'll hurry back.  Austin, what's your point?  Oh, behave!  Likewise.  I believe you, Austin.  Let's go.  Are you crazy?  Austin, I'm coming with you.  I'll secure the perimeter.  Not so fast.  This is for sleeping with my man,  you whore!  I didn't sleep with him.  I don't believe you.  It's the teeth.  OK, I believe you.  But you still  must be chopped.  Judo chop!  I have something to tell you.  I love you, Austin.  Kiss me.  Thank you, Exposition.  I'm honored.  Oh, Austin.  Now you can get all the Austin Powers  movies in one Laser Disk box set!  Relive all your favorite Austin Powers  movies, including...  Middle Name:  Danger.  No Austin Powers collection would be  complete without some of the later  hits, like...  Four Eyes Only.  We've also included some of the more  obscure hits, like...  From India With Affection.  All the Austin Powers adventures in  one Laser Disk boxed set!  