It'll take more than a minute. In the private aircraft hangar.  Anybody could have walked in. No. What about your camera girl? Did  she come? Poor darling. What can I do about Karen? How can I  arrange to have her seduce me? She  desperately needs a conquest. There, that's better. Not a lot of action here. If I groundloop during my flying  lesson on Saturday you might wake up  and find me next to you. Yes. From Wendel. To celebrate the  licence approval for our air-charter  firm. I forgot to tell you. Well, yes. You're getting out of bed tomorrow.  They want you to walk. The other man, the dead man, his  wife is a doctor -- Dr Helen  Remington. She's here, somewhere. As  a patient, of course. Maybe you'll  find her in the hallways tomorrow on  your walk. He was a chemical engineer with a  food company. Yes. Aida telephoned to say how sorry she  was, but could you look at the  storyboards again, she's made a number  of changes. Outside in the visitors' car-park. My car, not yours. Yours is a complete  wreck. The police dragged it to the  pound behind the station. The sergeant asked me to identify  it. He didn't believe you'd gotten  out alive. It is? Both front wheels and the engine  were driven back into the driver's  section, bowing the floor. Blood  still marked the hood, streamers of  black lace running toward the  windshield-wiper gutters. Minute flecks were spattered across  the seat and steering wheel. The  instrument panel was buckled inwards,  cracking the clock and the speedometer  dials. The cabin was deformed, and  there was dust and glass and plastic  flakes everywhere inside. The  carpeting was damp and stank of blood  and other body and machine fluids. I wish I had. They bury the dead so  quickly -- they should leave them  lying around for months. No, I couldn't. I feel too close to  her. Renata tells me you're going to rent  a car. How can you drive? James... your  legs. You can barely walk. I've never really noticed. Is Renata  going with you? I'm amazed that she'll let you drive  her. Maybe I am a little. James, I've got to leave for the  office. Are you going to be all right? Are we allowed to park here? I'm sure the police would make an  exception in your case. I saw the blood. It looks like motor  oil. Are you still involving me in your  crash? Who is that man? Is he a private  detective? Can you drive? I can't believe you've done this. This is the exact same car as your  old one, isn't it? Yes, it is. Are you planning to have another car  crash? After this sort of thing, how do  people manage to look at a car, let  alone drive one? I'm trying to find Charles's car. They said it was here. They told me  this morning. This is your car? Were you badly hurt? I think we saw  each other at the hospital. I don't want the car. In fact, I was  appalled to find that I have to pay  a small fee to have it scrapped. Haven't I? To the airport, if you  could. Not yet -- though not soon enough  for some people, I've already found.  A death in the doctor's family makes  the patients doubly uneasy. I'll wear a bloody kimono if I want  to. I work in the immigration department  there. Do you want a cigarette? I started  to smoke at the hospital. It's rather  stupid of me. It's much worse now. You noticed  that, did you? The day I left the  hospital I had the extraordinary  feeling that all these cars were  gathering for some special reason I  didn't understand. There seemed to  be ten times as much traffic. You've bought yourself exactly the  same car again. It's the same shape  and colour. Turn up here into the car-park. It  won't be busy this time of day. I've found that I enjoy burying myself  in heavy traffic. I like to look at  it. Yesterday I hired a taxi-driver  to drive me around for an hour.  'Anywhere,' I said. We sat in a  massive traffic jam under an off- ramp. I don't think we moved more  than fifty yards. I'm thinking of taking up a new job  with the Road Research Laboratory.  They need a medical officer. The  salary is larger -- something I've  got to think about now. There's a  certain moral virtue in being  materialistic, I'm beginning to feel.  Well, it's a new approach for me, in  any case. Yes. That's the point. Besides, I know I  can give something now that I wasn't  remotely aware of before. It's not a  matter of duty so much as of  commitment. I almost forgot to give you this.  Probably because I know you're going  to like it. A complimentary ticket for a special  stunt-driving exhibition. Definitely  not part of the big auto show. There's  a map in the packet and a note  requesting you be discreet about the  location. I suspect it involves re-enactments  of famous car crashes. You know,  Jayne Mansfield, James Dean, Albert  Camus... Serious. But you'll have to take  your new friend, the female crash- test dummy. She dropped it off for  you. We've had a few of those ourselves,  haven't we? The real thing is available free of  charge. Besides, it's not quite legal.  They can't advertise. That's Vaughan. He talked to you at  the hospital. When I first met Vaughan, he was a  specialist in international  computerized traffic systems. I don't  know what he is now. I don't know. You can never be sure  with Vaughan. This is his show. I know that man, Seagrave, the stunt  driver. I think he's genuinely hurt. What's the matter with Seagrave? Oh, God. What happened? Here, lie  down. They did the James Dean crash. It  seemed to go perfectly. But he started  to feel nauseous on the way back.  I'm sure it's concussion. Ah, well... We're familiar enough  with that, then, aren't we? Thought you might be missing these. So here you are at the nerve centre.  Vaughan makes everything look like a  crime, doesn't he? He must have fucked a lot of women  in that huge car of his. It's like a  bed on wheels. It must smell of  semen... Do you find him attractive? Would you like to fuck him, though?  In that car? Have you seen his penis? Is he circumcised? Can you imagine  what his anus is like? Describe it  to me. Would you like to sodomize  him? Would you like to put your penis  right into his anus, thrust it up  his anus? Tell me, describe it to  me. Tell me what you would do. How  would you kiss him in that car?  Describe how you'd reach over and  unzip his greasy jeans, then take  out his penis. Would you kiss it or  suck it right away? Which hand would  you hold it in? Have you ever sucked  a penis? Do you know what semen tastes  like? Have you ever tasted semen?  Some semen is saltier than others.  Vaughan's semen must be very salty... Have you come? The junior pathologist at Ashford  Hospital. Then the husband of a  colleague of mine, then a trainee  radiologist, then the service manager  at my garage. Yes. I didn't plan it that way. Yes. They felt like traffic accidents. We can have a look at it again on  the monitors. They're showing it in  slow motion. Your friend's still out there. What does he want from you? I'm going to leave now. Do you want  a lift? They're questioning Vaughan about an  accident near the airport. Some  pedestrian... they think he was run  over intentionally. You'd better drive him. He's a bit  shaky. I'll follow in my car. Where  is yours? I'd better come with you, then. Are  you sure you can drive? The white sports model. Could you  help me into it, please? I'd like to  see if I can fit into a car designed  for a normal body. Don't. Not there. Do it there. And then after that, do  it here. My last lesson's next week. James... my car... I wasn't driving. I'd left the car  in the parking-lot at the airport.  Could it have been deliberate? One of my suitors. I'd like to go back. James... The police are after him. An American  serviceman was killed on the Northolt  overpass. I was with him in the car at the  time. James... James, I... I don't know... I think  I'm all right... 