Yeah, well, you've been in love with like every other girl here, I was wondering when you'd get around to Libbets.  That's good, because I don't think Libbets is capable of the sex act.  My diagnosis is messed in the head. A poor little rich girl -- I mean check out the jeans and fur look. And lend your ears to this brutality. Like her mom and step dad and her step-sisters are going to Switzerland to ski over Thanksgiving break -- and like they didn't invite her!  They did it last year too. It's like traditional or something. They've got this humongoid Park Ave apartment and she just holes up there with a wad of cash.  (beat) Aren't the hugely wealthy sad?  Since he sleeps with every girl you ever show an interest in, why don't you just keep your Libbets thing a secret from him?  Charles.  I have not touched your sh-- (looks at father) Stuff. You watching this?  Nixon, doofus! It's incredible. He should be shot.  He's a liar! (still talking more to her  father than into the  phone) Dean told him on March 21st about Kalmback and Hunt, all about the payoffs to the Watergate burglars, so you tell me where the so-called "Dean Report" is, but you can't because it doesn't exist, because he lied about Haldeman and Erlichman and the April 17 tape, that's why! Liar!  No thank you. We should be off.  Dinner's on the counter. We'll be at the Williams's -- you know the number.  (takes the phone from  Wendy) Paul. Hi. Is there anything you'll want, any particular kind of food or snack or anything we can stock up on?... You're all right? ... OK. See you next week. I love you.  From where?  Oh. Are we going to talk about this, about...?  You should hear. It's very sad, he was --  The man with the -- from Deep Throat?  Ted took me to see it.  Ted, how romantic.  I have to say, the movie didn't do much for me. But being in that theater, surrounded by all those horny young college boys and perverts, there was something in the air that --  I hear he's slept with half the women in his congregation --  (unconvincing) So fascinating. Do you get free tickets to the movies, that kind of thing?  Don't be so modest, Ben. It's a job that requires a certain prescience with regards to entertainment trends. You were the first to predict that Billy Jack would be a hit --  Please don't.  It's not a bother.  I insist. (beat) Don't touch them.  Oh.  (realizing she's gone too  far) It's really quite all right.  Of course.  And to think -- they met at a key party of all things.  A key party?  You know, it's a California thing. That scuzzy husband of hers dragged her kicking and screaming to one when they were out in L.A. you know, the men put their car keys in a bowl, and then at the end of the evening the women line up and fish them out and go home with whoever's keys they've got. Anyhow that's how she met this Rod person or whatever his name is and he's left his wife and she's packing for California. Irwin is devastated. It's so ironic.  Ironic?   (caught out) Well, um, yes. Ironic. His name is Rod.  Thank you Janey.  It was lovely!  Stupid! (pause, looking sullenly  at Mike's back) Is Wendy Hood your girlfriend?  No one.  -- he knows that when the March 24th tape -- you know with Dean, where Dean tells him that there's a cancer growing on the presidency --  Who? No way. He's like a big infected whitehead wearing jeans. I wouldn't --  (whispering) -- shit, it's my parents.  (yelling behind her door) Dad stop it!  Fascist!  (without pulling the sheet  down, but nicely) Good-night dad.  (without opening her eyes) You're staring at me.  I've been thinking, Ben, about Wendy. I was going to ask if she'd come with me sometime to meet Dr. Woolens.  I did, but -- somebody should probably see her, talk to her... You think she's ok?  So maybe you'll come too?  It's you Ben who needs to talk. I've had my say, and I'm waiting to hear back from you.  -- And you haven't moved out yet. It's because you're too lazy, Ben. Too scared or lazy to either deal with us or simply make a decision --  (sighing) Sleep in the study? Please.  Good night.  Yes.  Yes, it was -- I ended up --  (referring to one of the  girls gathered in the  other group) She said you licked Dave Brewster's weenie in the third floor bathroom.  She's a liar. I wouldn't touch Dave Brewster's dick if you paid me. It's probably crawling with v.d. after he put it in her, which he did.  I gotta go.  I suppose my reluctance was the group aspect of it -- I've never been much of a joiner, although I still consider myself a somewhat religious person --  (cutting him off) My daughter. I haven't been on a bike for years. (still not really looking  at him) When was the last time you rode a bike?  (jarred back to his  presence)  Forget what?  No, of course you don't, you're right.  Hey Wendy.  Hey Sandy.  Mikey was looking for you.  Yeah? See ya.  Bam.  Sure. (pulling them out of her  pocket) Twinkie?  (after a pause) Did you tell Sandy?  Ben--  (gently) You're boring me. I have a husband. I don't particularly feel the need for another.  You should probably get dressed. The boys will be home soon.  Hi mom.  Hi Wendy.  I saw you on your bike today.  With Mikey?  Who?  Nobody.  Mikey Williams?  We were just riding around.  Well, you looked very -- free -- when I saw you.  Weightless almost -- as if I were seeing my own memories of being a girl. There was something internal about it.  Mom. Are you ok?  Wendy, of course. I'm sorry. You must think I'm ripe to be checked into Silver Meadows.  You're not a psycho!  The people at Silver Meadows aren't psychos.  I know. They're rich drug addicts and celebrities. When I saw James Taylor there, and --  We've been through this Wendy  James Taylor was actually at that clinic up near Boston.  Well, I saw what I saw, and if you don't want to believe me --  Oh Wendy.  They need the money for my band uniform at school.  I thought you quit the band - I never hear you practice anymore.  I don't really need to practice. I just play a few notes, you know, so I thought maybe I'd stay in.  Well, I'm sure your father and I would love to hear what you're playing these days. Maybe after dinner.  The Halfords have invited us again this year.  What do you think?  So early?  Is that a new aftershave?  Hmm. Good night.  Mikey?  Geometry?  Why are you so good at math but not in English?  Yeah. But I just need some help with my homework.  You really didn't notice? Man, he's been gone for three days.  Good trip?  Jesus, Jim!  Just be careful.  Tonight? Jim, he's been out of it since he was born.  You're saying that Christ is the child, and --  All well and good -- But tell me again what is it exactly that you believe in?  That's right.  I would say it sounds like you're trying to get me into bed.  I'm sorry. That was stupid of me. I didn't mean to be so rude.  But not too ashamed.  And you're still trying to get me into bed.  Hello you two. Am I barging in on some kind of religious study group? Elena, you look marvelous. Will I see you and Ben at the Halford's?  I suppose we'll make an appearance.  And Reverend Edwards? Did you make the list?  With the two of you there it will be positively a revival! I'm off!  (gathering her things to  go) I'm afraid people around here provide her with quite a bit to gossip about.  (getting up) Take care.  Need a lift?  Thanks again. For the dinner.  Thanks for eating it. I don't know why I even pretend I can cook.  I used to know how to cook.  It's not like we're too busy.  I'm thinking of going back to school.  Social work?  How'd you know?  Educated guess.  I'm that predictable? No, you don't have to answer that. It's just that with the kids almost grown --  You don't have to apologize. I'm too much of a cynic. You actually seem to be trying to figure things out -- don't mind me.  Here you are.  (opening her door) Thanks for the lift. If the bike's any bother--  None at all. I'll leave it in front of your garage. Happy Thanksgiving.  Sandy!  You little idiotic prick, you could blow yourself fucking sky high with all this demented crap.  (sighing) Hey. (picking up the  firecrackers) I'll take this stuff.  You going to tell dad?  Would it matter? (sees something else lying  on the ground) And what's that?  (sniffling) You know, it's the whip -- the one uncle Frank got me from Mexico.  It's not packed with explosives, is it?  No!  (going into the house) Play with the whip.  Oh. Hi Wendy.  Hi Mrs. Williams.  Mikey, have you heard the explosions coming from the backyard? (he stares blankly at her) Do you know what Sandy's been up to?  Don't you kids have homework?  After you.  Well, you can...  Hey Sandy, what were you blowing up out there? Your mom was pretty p.o.'d.  All my model planes.  The ones you built?  They were old. And they couldn't fly anyhow. I'm going to get a radio-controlled airplane at Christmas, and then I'll stuff it full of m-80s and then fly it into Mrs. Burgess's English class and blow it up.  I have to go to the bathroom.  Yeah.  I'll show you mine if you show me yours.  What do you want?! What do you want? Get out! Get out of here!  (sizing up the situation)  Shit.  A person's body is his temple, Wendy. This body is your first and last possession. Now as your own parents have probably told you, in adolescence our bodies tend to betray us. That's why, in Samoa and in other developing nations, adolescents are sent out into the woods, unarmed, and they don't come back until they've learned a thing or two.  Then why'd you come after me?  Oh. Sure, I -- Did you remember to pick up the cranberry sauce?  Because you like it on your turkey sandwiches.  I... I think I am...  Ben, maybe no talking right now? If you start talking, you're going to--  I'm just sad Ben -- I mean it was... you were, but, you know. I just don't know...  No, I didn't mean to sound negative. It was -- But Ben.  (beat) What is going to happen with us? Have you --  I wasn't accusing you, Ben. It's just that we've got to be honest. Not just with ourselves, but with the children.  You were saying?  That shirt?  Leave it -- I'll wash it for you.  You have to follow me?  Nah.  Nothing.  Greetings, Charles.  Dad's like doing his Up With People routine, mom hasn't been saying much.  Yeah well wait till mom opens her mouth.  Why don't you use the phone downstairs?  Can I come?  With who?  Libbets? What kind of a name is Libbets?  The turkey in?  Dear Lord, thank you for Thanksgiving, and for letting us white people kill all the Indians...  ... and steal their tribal lands and stuff ourselves like pigs  ... while children in Africa and Asia are napalmed and --  Here.  In a bit.  (almost ironic) Have I noticed anything? I'm not married to her Benjamin, you are. I think you've probably a better vantage point from which to observe her.  I'll be back.  Birth control.  Maybe we can just watch some TV.  I don't know.  I don't know.  Hey, what's this?  Wow!  (from behind the mask) I won't take my pants off. But I'll touch it. That's as far as it goes.  Huh?  What do you think we're doing, dad?  Talking to me, dad?  (pulling off the mask) Well, then forget all this stern dad stuff.  Huh?  Yeah.  (from the kitchen) Dinner in ten minutes.  Up to you. I'd like to go early and leave pretty soon after that.  So what were you doing in the Williams' basement anyway?  Oh right. The mustache coffee cup. The one that was sitting on the dash.  That one.  You'll be on the 10:30 train?  Paul --  Shoot.  See for yourself.  Don't start.  I have no idea.  It wouldn't make a pleasant evening, if that's what you're after. I don't want to talk about it. Stupid mustache cup.  Don't be dim.  I'm not surprised.  Your unfaithfulness -- that's what I'm trying to talk about. Your unfaithfulness. Your betrayal. Your dalliance. And you won't do me the dignity of being up front about it.  It's a starting place.  If you're going to insult me --  Oh lord. You think I'm so dense. And now you want to be seen with your dense wife at the cocktail party. You want to wear that ridiculous shirt which doesn't go with those pants at all. You want to wear that, and you want me to shake hands with your friends and make conversation and dress up in an outfit that shows a lot of cleavage and you're not going to accord me the respect of talking honestly about this... You don't really know what this feels like.  Benjamin. That's supposed to explain it?  We're going to the Halford's. The number's on the calendar in the kitchen. We should be home around  (eyes still glued to the  I suppose. Why?  Just curious. If there's a problem, I guess I'll just call you there to interrupt.  What sort of problems are you planning exactly?  (still watching the TV) Oh I thought I'd steal the station wagon, drive up to a commune. Or set the house on fire. You know.  Just bundle up. It's supposed to freeze tonight. We'll see you in the morning.  Ben, Elena. Wonderful! Wonderful! So wonderful to see you.  Would you care to play? New this year.  Strictly volunteer, of course. You can put your coats in the library if you like.  Oh, damn. Uh, I've left the --  In the car.  This just isn't the best moment for this.  That this was going to be a key party?  Well?  Damn it, Ben --  You're not going to --  You have some marker, that's what I think, if you want to know the truth. You have some marker and you're going to put it on the house keys so that Janey can find them and then when I get back to the house I'll find the two of you in there and Wendy'll be able to hear you and Paul will be back and he'll hear you and I'll catch you, that's what I think. She'll be swearing and banging against the wall and I'll catch --  Well, I'm really pleased to hear a confession.  Thanks for the diagnosis, Ben. Thank you. So let's just go to this fiasco if that's what you want to do. Let's just go on in. I'd rather talk to anyone else but you.  Oh, Dot!  Oh jeez, Benjie. Well, here you are.  (looking around) What are you talking about?  A prior engagement overcame me.  Listen, Benjamin Hood. I have obligations that precede your... from before you showed up. One or two, you know, good-natured encounters, that doesn't mean I'm... I'm not just some toy for you. When I remembered some chores I wanted to get done before the party, I just did them, that's all, because I wanted to do them before I saw Jimmy.  How you take it isn't all that interesting to me, Benjamin. I'm sorry --  Ouch!  Stupid.  Hood residence.  Yeah. Yours?  Maybe. Can't really tell yet.  Yeah.  Maybe.  Where you going?  It's freezing.  Reverend Edwards.  You're here... I'm a bit surprised.  I'm going to try hard not to understand the implications of that simile.  Wait, this is the training, where they don't let you go to the bathroom?  OK everyone. We have a little business to attend to now. So everyone who'd like to stay, please gather in the living room.  We're not going anywhere.  Hood residence.  Is this Charles?  Um, ten-o-five. Why? Where are you?  And?  Right.  I have plans.  Well, what shall the order be, alphabetical? In order of appearance?  Golf handicap? Ladies, isn't it up to you?  Oh I'll go first, damn it. Let's just line up and get it over with.  Good luck!  Oh, my own husband. Isn't that against the rules?  Try again?  (relieved) Oh, I think not.  Getting down to the wire!  Right down the hall, Ben.  Rob, we'll fix it for ourselves. You two go and get acquainted. We'll let ourselves out the front door.  Let me.  You couldn't have hoped for much better when you came up the walk.  Well, maybe they have one of those filter jobs in the kitchen --  My husband is probably passed out in the bathroom, or at least he wishes he were. I've been married to him for 17 years and I don't have any intention of going in there to get him... so what I'm proposing is that since your wife has gone off with a boy, and since you are standing here alone, I'm proposing that you and I do what makes sense. Stay warm. Pass some time. That's all.  Now don't make me feel as if I'm being too forward, OK? If you don't  Okay. Shall we clean up around here first? Do you think it's all right--  Do these seats go back?  Jim, maybe we should just go. I've got to look in on the kids. Paul is supposed to be coming back in from the city.  Well, we can talk about it.  Maybe you just need -- look, can you wait here a sec, I need to tidy up -- just a minute, I'll be right back. You'll wait?  Ben, I've got a ride home. Maybe you should sleep this one off on the couch here?  Ben.  You're in no condition to drive. We'll talk in the morning, OK?  You'll get some sleep on the couch out there?  We'll talk in the morning.  Anyone home? Hello.  Wendy.  Sandy, you scared the shit out of me.  What are you doing?  Just thought I'd stop by.  Mike's out -- I think he went to Silver Meadow to see if you were hanging around there.  Yeah.  (pause) Are you his girlfriend?  No.  Yeah. You?  Check this out. He's supposed to talk all kinds of stuff, but he's like malfunctioned.  Same thing. Again and again.  It's gonna get a lot colder tonight, I predict. Probably a blackout. Do you have candles in your house? I know where the candles are, and I have my own flashlight. Over there. Also, I know where every emergency exit is on this floor.  This knot's called a bowline.  Let's hang him.  He's dead.  If it wasn't raining we could take him outside and blow him up.  He wouldn't blow up. He'd just get all mangled or twisted.  Well. (noticing his lack of  anatomy)  It looks like someone got to his private parts before us.  Communist Viet Cong.  They left it in the jungle.  Can I get into your bed?  (pause) With you?  We -- we have to go to the guest room. We can't stay in here. What if Mikey? My parents?  Don't worry about them. They're at that party, getting drunk and falling all over each other and making jokes about McGovern and stuff.  It's just -- it's just --  Want a drink?  Vodka?  You never tasted the stuff?  Try again.  It feels warm.  One more shot?  Okay.  Under the covers.  (feeling her way) Get 'em off.  Have you ever had a nocturnal emission?  Huh?  That's the name for when you wake up and find this little pool of sticky stuff, like after a sexy dream.  They didn't tell you this stuff yet? What planet do you live on?  I love you.  That's nice. Are you drunk?  I don't know. How do I know?  I don't know either. You spin around, when you lie down.  I don't think I'm spinning.  Sure. Maybe coffee.  (heartbroken, softly) Get dressed.  You should let him sleep.  Where's dad?  I don't like coffee.  It'll warm you up.  Dad?  Ben?  The phone's out.  Ben, I don't think he wants us here.  Wait, I --  Oh you know, for a minute I thought it was --  He's probably been waiting all night at the station.  (softly) Ben.  (her hand still not yet  touching him) Ben.  