Thank you, sir. Yes, sir. No, sir. They all been real straight with me. No, sir. Not at all. They got people to fight. Arabs, yellow people, whatever. Might as well use us. Outside it's--it's such a mess--it's-- I do, sir. I mean, follow orders, sir. Work hard, be good at your job. Sir. Do whatever they tell you. It's their country. This is one of the best deals they offer. You really want to know, sir? The--the officers. Follow orders. Do whatever they say. I am, sir. I-I can do the job, sir. Yes, sir-- I'm sorry, sir. No, sir-- Thank you, Sergeant Major. Thank you, Sergeant Major. Will this go on my record? Out of the Army? Sergeant Major? How is Richie doing? Private Graves? I'm sorry, Sergeant Major. There wasn't anything I could do. Shadow gets crazy-- From back in Houston. We both come up on Fifth Street. Yes, Sergeant. You're testing me? I'm feeling okay-- Sergeant? I know that, Sergeant. We were just dancing. There was a bunch of us there. Shadow just come down looking for trouble. We were just dancing-- If I had I wouldn't have gone in.Thanks. I like it when you say that, Sam. "I only got my little girl now," he says, "she's my lifeline." Then he tells me I can't be in the box anymore if I can't control myself. Sonofabitch don't even watch the damn game, just sits there drinking with his bidness friends, look up at the TV now and then. I do better to sit in the cheap seats with some real football people. This boy from West Side, plays tackle both ways. Bench-presses 350 pounds. You imagine having that much weight on top of you? Pushing down? Be hard to breathe. Hard to swallow. 350 pounds. No, it wasn't, was it? You didn't exactly throw yourself into it heart and soul, did you? You kind of bought yourself a pig in a poke, didn't you, Sam? All that time we were first seeing each other you didn't know I was tightly wound-- You watch the draft this year? 'Course you didn't, idiot question. They try to make it dramatic, like there's some big surprise who picks who in the first round? Only they been working it over with their experts and their computers for months. Doctor's reports, highlight reels, coaches' evaluations, psychological profiles--hell, I wouldn't be surprised if they collected stool samples on these boys, have 'em analyzed. All this stuff to pick a football player for your squad. Compared to that, what you know about the person you get married to don't amount to diddly, does it? Yeah. Sort of. Daddy rounds 'em up. You aren't talking about money, their beady little eyes go dead. Least he never called me that. With me, it was always "high-strung." "My Bunny might have done something with her life, she wasn't so high-strung." Or "tightly wound," that was another one. You seeing anyone? Daddy hired a pinhead to take your job. He says so himself. Says "Even my son-in-law was better than this pinhead I got now". You look awful good in that uniform, though. Daddy calls it an "altercation." How you doing, Sam? You look skinny. --they hadn't pulled me off that woman I would have jerked a knot in her. --and that squeaker the Aggies dropped to Oklahoma-sonofabitch stepped in some lucky shit before he kicked that goal-- Last year was awful rough--Mama passing on and the whole business with O.J.--I mean it's not like it was Don Meredith or Roger Staubach or one of our own boys, but it really knocked me for a loop-- Do I seem jumpy? Well, Daddy's got his box at the stadium, of course, and I'll fly to the Cowboy away games when they're in the Conference. Then there's the high school on Friday' nights. West Side got a boy 6'6", 310, moves like a cat. High school, we're talkin'. Guess how much he can bench-press? Oh. Right. And you're in--? The Longhorns gonna kick some serious butt this Saturday, you just watch. We got a kid at tailback from down your way--outta El Indio--He never asked her. Otis went on like you were that guy who won the Gulf War. Colin whatsit. Yeah, I know--Man made me memorize the whole damn Army chain of command before he'd marry me. So this is a big deal, commander and all? Otis stood on good terms with the man. Whenever you do something makes the news, he sends it on. When they made you General, Otis just about drove away all our customers going on about it. Your mother got a brother--Alphonse-- There was a bunch of 'em You never met. Me neither. I been here with him eight years now. He built it when he was with Leora. Come on in. Come on in-- Hey, it's the General. So that's him--You told me one time it was true love. The old-high-school-heartthrob Sheriff. I thought you were crazy about each other. He's available, you're available-- How 'bout the Sheriff? You got to be interested in somebody. All you do is work. Your mother's family is Spanish? Steve. Board of Education Steve who likes you? He goes for us hot-blooded Mexican girls, I can tell. Steve called for you.Don't worry about it. He owes me some favors. A casa de Porfirio Zayas. He used to be a doctor on the other side. Gunshot wounds, fixing babies--if you can pay he can handle it. Rapidamente! Everybody in the world is going to see! Tipico. This girl has a child? I thought you were married! This girl is a friend of yours? You think you're doing these people a favor? What are they going to do? Either they get on welfare or they become criminals-- Enrique! Quienes son estos? How could you bring them here? Don't tell me lies, Enrique. Que paso? You have somebody else out there? In English, Enrique. We're in the United States-- What are you doing out there? Are you crazy? Quien es? [Who is it?] Good night, Enrique. She slides into the car-- En ingles Enrique. This is the United States. We speak English. I never said that. It was just that boy-- I felt that you could do better for yourself-- I never said that. I don't mean Fernando. Maybe now. It was different back then. I had this place, I was doing all the shopping, all the cooking. What do I need some chulo with grease under his nails to drink up the profit? I was too busy. A little older than Paloma is now. He was killed. You want to see Mexicans, open your eyes and look around you. We're up to our ears in them. Why would I want to go there? Did you come here to tell me how to run my business? Nobody is illegal in my cafe! They've got green cards, they've got relatives who were born here--if they only had a little common sense I'd be very happy. If they're going to survive here, they have to know how to work, Elalco! Adelante! Los clientes esperan! These ones coming up are getting stupider every year.Not if they was colored or Meskin. Not if they wanted to keep breathin'. Sheriff Buddy was a different story. Long as Roderick throw his weight the right way on election day, make sure all the colored get out to vote- we was called colored back then, if you was polite--maybe throw a barbecue for the right people now and then, things was peaceful. That Sheriff Wade, though, he took an awful big bite. Wasn't legal to sell liquor in a glass back then unless you was a club, see. Roderick used to say, "Buy yourself a drink, you get a free membership." But Sheriff Wade, he could shut you down anytime. Them days, you deal with Sheriff Wade or you didn't deal at all. First of the month, every month, he remind you of who you really workin' for. Not if I can help it. We run that twenty-odd years. Give it over to Otis Payne in 1967. April. I won't say nothing bad about the man, but you can ask away. Well, don't ever start up on 'em, cause once you do you can't stop. I tell myself I'm gonna play just three little games after breakfast, and here I sit with half the day gone. You ever play one of these? Sheriff Deeds' dead, honey--you just Sheriff junior. That's me.I'd like to see them spend a day pulling 14-year-olds off of each other--I should get combat pay-- No. Is he sick? Pilar, is uhm--is Amado okay?It's pathetic. You can't be desperately in love when you're 14 years old. Joanie Orozco's telling the whole school she's like desperately in love with Santo Guerra. And those stupid girls who hang out with them-- Who'd want to be friends with that bunch of pachuco wannabes? You jerk-- How come? Just 'cause you went to Catholic school and wore a uniform. I could name five girls at school who have one just like it-- Can I get this? You got in late last night. She finally got in-- What's she singing about? You gonna stay out here? Mom? What? Not if you have half a brain in your head.Two years at hard labor, Our Lady of Perpetual Help. I said pretty much the same thing to my mother when I was your age. If you grew up to he anywhere near as good a man as your father was, I would be happy! I would be thrilled. That isn't true. I think you can learn whatever you want to. I just don't see you doing it. If you want to settle for-- You can fix old cars. Mr. Washburn told me that the cars they're making now are all computerized-- How do you think you're going to make a living? Save your breath. That line doesn't cut it with me. That makes it okay? Don't try to con me, Amado. You knew how they got all those things. So I'm worried about you. I don't want you to end up in jail like your friends. --you're going to be on your own. I'm only going to have you for two more years. If you decide not to go on to college-- Leave your sister out of it. Oh, come on, Amado-- You'll find out when I get you home. Thanks, Sam. I'm unmarried. I'm not available. The Sheriff. All my mother does is work. That's how you get to be Spanish. Sure, they go back to Cortez. When he rode by, they were squatting in a hut cooking hamsters for dinner. Spanish, please. My mother would have a heart attack. Steve? "That boy"--Mami, say his name for chrissakes! What? Become a nun? You didn't want me going out with Anglos-- You made it pretty damn clear you thought he was nobody. Mami, the first time I brought him home, those were your exact words-- "some chulo with grease under his nails." Thank you. Nobody's too busy. There must have been somebody. How come you never got married again? Right. When he was killed. Mami, how old were you when my father-- Oh, come on--you must be curious how it's changed. Amado is into this big Tejano roots thing and I've never been further than Ciudad Leon-- No. I was wondering if you'd like to take a trip down south with us. Maybe see where you grew up-- If you spent a little more time training them-- Well, you hire illegals-- Maybe you're just getting less patient. I have new respect for some of my kids, meeting the parents they've been dealt-- I don't think you can take it personally-- He's going to wish he was dead. Okay? He's not here? Oh, my mother wanted to keep me away from away from boys. I only went for my last two years. Enough with the clothes-- Nobody really wears that stuff, Paloma. Yeah. I had uhm--school business. It's Saturday. What do you think? For a while. Yeah? It doesn't have anything to do with being smart. Of course you can. Everything that went before, all that stuff, that history--the hell with it, right? We start from scratch-- I'm not having any more children. After Amado, I had some complications-- I can't get pregnant again, if that's what the rule is about-- From the first time I saw you at school--all those years we were married to other people I always felt like we were connected. They can't pull this on me. It isn't fair--I don't believe this-- I've never seen my mother in a bathing suit before. Didn't know she owned one. Couple months before I was born-- She'll figure it out sooner or later. I don't have to ask permission anymore, if that's what you mean. Eladio. Eladio. Cruz. Yeah? It isn't. Not by a long shot. He holds her and they lie silently for a moment-- Like your story is over. There's nothing on the walls. No pictures-- How long have you lived here? So what are we gonna do about this? How come it feels the same? Wow. Yeah? When Nando died--it was so sudden--I was kind of in shock for awhile. Then I woke up and there was the whole rest of my life and I didn't have any idea what to do with it. I mean what did we know about anything? I look at my kids in school--tenth, eleventh graders. That's who we were. Children. We thought we were something, didn't we? Looks real bad if the teacher's late for class. It's really nice to talk with you, Sam. I should get back. They've got me. Different thing. It can happen so sudden, can't it? Being left out on your own. You don't want to be Sheriff. So why did you come back here, Sam? Fernando wasn't pissed off at everybody. He just wanted to fix their cars. With Paloma, it's more like she pities and tolerates me- totally age- appropriate. But Amado--he's--he's never been book-smart. Had a hard time learning to read. Me being a teacher and caring about those things is like an embarrassment--like a betrayal. He hates me. Amado. Weird what you remember. I was on the playground with all the other kids, but I thought he was only looking at me. I was afraid he was going to arrest me--he had those eyes, you know-- I remember him watching me once. When I was little--before you and I-- People liked him. I thought you got through that pretty well. So she tells me three times a week. A real palace. She rattles around alone in that thing-- I can't name anybody she does like these days. Lunch hour. My next class isn't till nine-thirty. Are you okay? We haven't talked since high school. Somebody called--something about an electronics store. They've got my Amado.You and one hundred nineteen other fortunate individuals. Put it in gear. I'm very happy to hear that, Private. Now you go put some pee-pee in a cup for Dr. Innis and I'll be feeling okay, too. Report to Dr. Innis at the clinic. Private Johnson! We're not running a dating service here. And you and Private Graves-- Did you know he was going to be there last night? You know who it was they dug up? Man's gonna retire in two years and he offer to quit. Big goddamn deal. It's up or out these days, Cliff. Say I get transferred to a different post-- And if I get a shot at a promotion somewhere-- We been through this before-- Seriously. So where does that put us? But I'm the one in charge of her sorry ass. You spoil 'em, Cliff. He'll be transferred to a military hospital as soon as he's stabilized--