And I'll never do it again. Forgive me? All right, all right -- I'm a major ass. Hear what? Right. Right. There's nothing to worry about, Suzy. The guy's dead now, somewhere at the bottom of this lake...if you believe the stories. Let's drop it, okay? Never mind, you don't want to know about it. Nothing. Well...how do you feel?Don't be ridiculous! Dear Christ... Not another word, do you hear me?? She never should've set foot on this ship. This is your fault! What's that? What?? You sent her out there with a murderer running around loose?? Christ...where's Rennie?? Where's the radio? She changed her mind. Let's see...Mr. Wolfe is in stateroom one-eleven and you, Mr. Robertson, are in two-twenty-five. Rennie's not coming. That's it. You're not setting foot off this ship until we return home. Where did you get that alcohol? Then I'll make sure you remain on board while your classmates see the sights. I'11 be coming around your stateroom in exactly fifteen minutes, Miss Mason. You'd better have your biology project ready or I'm phoning your parents. What are you doing in here? All right. But if it mysteriously disappears en route, I'll have you sent back home the minute we dock. Understood? My niece's life hangs in the balance right now!! Every second counts. Everyone split up -- we'll cover more ground that way. A wonderful choice of places to dock a boat, Mr. Robertson. What did you do with Rennie?? Use some common sense! Setting off a fire alarm causes panic...the same kind of panic caused by suggesting Jason Voorhees is on board. Enough is enough. I doubt very much that one even exists. He's the son of the Captain, for Chrissakes. You'd think he'd be able to operate this thing! She's locked safe in her room, no thanks to either of you. Has he brought it back on course yet? Walking corpses are not real! That lunatic has been spouting off about Jason since we boarded... It's no coincidence. I demand to know what is going on... I thought I told you to stay away from her. Oh, I can see that. You've done a wonderful job of supervising the kids, Miss Van Deusen. I'm her legal guardian, not you or anybody else, and I alone know what's best for her. End of discussion. She doesn't know what she wants. She's never had a stable life. You have no right... Let's go -- we're running two minutes late. Jim Miller and Suzy Donaldson never showed up. I'm a little concerned. You can and you will! Swim, Rennie! Am I? Let's find out. Oh, he is indeed. And ready to pull down anybody who falls in and can't swim. He never learned how either and he's still at the bottom of this lake. You've been coming out here every summer for the last three years, young lady, and you still haven't learned how. Perfect for a swim, isn't it? I was only trying to teach you. But I pulled you out, Rennie. I saved your life. You can and you will!! Get in the boat, Rennie! This isn't a request. Whatever you've been...imagining... has nothing to do with Jason Voorhees. I want you to be safe, Rennie. That's all I care about. I refuse to discuss this ridiculous notion that a ghoul is terrorizing this ship. I'm the one you should be listening to! Do you think dropping an anchor in the middle of a storm makes any sense whatsoever? You had me worried to death! Facing your fear doesn't always conquer it. Why are you doing this to yourself? If Miss Van Deusen knew how afraid you were of... You're making a big mistake, Rennie. It's not too late to put you back on land.Give me the degrees first, followed by minutes and sec... The LORAN has a digital printout of your latitude and longitude. Give me the coordinates and we'll be there as quick as we can. Is your ship equipped with Omega satellite navigation or LORAN? What is your location?Jason's here in New York. We have to get off this ship!! This is Jason's fault! The fire alarm... She's...she's dropping the anchors. I thought the Coast Guard could find us easier if... It's...dead. But I thought... Which cabin is Rennie in, Mr. McCulloch? I've got the numbers. Yes... I...I don't know... The Captain and Chief Engineer... they've been...they're dead. You have to call the police... Rennie...what'd they do to you?? But Rennie... We'll be okay. I want you to wait by the lifeboats, just in case. Rule one, don't panic. Rule two, assess the damage and act accordingly... Rennie...?? I didn't mean for you to go! The bow...front of the ship. There's a hoist on each side that lowers them I think so. But we have to lower the anchors so we don't drift any further... I don't know...we've gone off course or something... If I go with you, he'll never speak to me again. But I'm never going to live up to his expectations anyway...so maybe it's the right thing to do. Not completing a voyage is against everything he stands for. But I think I can convince him to call a Coast Guard cutter for you. It's okay...you're going to be okay. I thought maybe we could hike to the top of the Statue when we got there, if you felt like it. It's supposed to be 22 stories tall. Forget it. It's a dumb little thing anyway. I got you a present. I heard you weren't coming. Rennie...So what else is new? Look Eva, you're asking the wrong dude to feel sorry for Tamara Mason. Wise up -- it's not hip to be her friend. No. And I'm not losing any sleep over it. The Captain's been murdered. The buzz is that Jason might be on board.I...I can't... You're telling a lie. He is not. I'll take some lessons this time. I promise. What a beautiful day.