Okay, that's no problem. Didn't I do it? That's a good-looking kid you got there, Ms. Barrett. Hiya, Oscar. What do you say, slugger? Okay, okay. It's not my job, but what the hell. I'll do you a favor. He takes the grocery bags from her. I'm not a doorman, Miss Barrett. I'm a building superintendent.Many marriages begin with a certain amount of distance, but after a while I believe we could learn to love each other. Think about it. I know. Marry me, Dana, and together we will raise Vigo as our son. There are many perks that come with being the mother of a living god. I'm sure he will supply for us a magnificent apartment. And perhaps a car and free parking. Time is running out, Dana. Soon it will be midnight and the city will be mine -- and Vigo's. Well, mainly Vigo's. But we have a spectacular opportunity to make the best of our relationship. Not in this case, my dear. Take a look. That's not Gainsborough's Blue Boy up there. He's Vigo! I don't believe we have the luxury of choice. No harm will come to the child. You might even say it's a privilege. He will be the vessel for the spirit of Vigo. And you -- well, you will be the mother of the ruler of the world. Doesn't that sound nice? Dana, aren't you going to introduce me to your friend? Okay, just thought I'd check. Good night, Dana. Sleep well. Don't let the bedbugs bite you. Do you need anything? You want me to come in? Hello, Dana. I happened to be in the neighborhood and I thought I'd stop by to see if everything's all right with you -- you know, with the blackout and everything? Are you okay? Is the baby all right? Okay, I'll take a raincheck on that. Every day I ask you, and every day you've got something else to do. Do I have bad breath or something? We'll be very sorry to lose you. Perhaps I could take you to lunch today? You know, you are really doing very good work here. I think soon you may be ready to assist me in some of the more important restorations. You pitiful, miserable creatures! You dare to challenge the power of darkness? Don't you realize what you are dealing with? He's Vigo! You are like the buzzing of flies to him. So you see, everything is in order, is it not? It must be the chemical fumes in the studio. People start imagining things -- The Upper West Side. Then why have you come? Dr. Venkman? Dana is not here. My pleasure. We don't go around altering valuable paintings, Dr. Venkman. It's a painting I'm restoring for the new Byzantine exhibition. It's a self-portrait of Prince Vigo, the Carpathian. He ruled most of Carpathia and Moldavia in the 17th Century. Pleasure to meet you. I've seen you on television. Lord Vigo, the mother, Dana, is fine and strong. I was wondering -- well, would it be possible -- if I bring the baby, could I have the woman? I await the word of Vigo. -- the sorrow -- Yes, the scourge -- Command me, lord.You've got to stop them. Please! They're the Scoleri Brothers. I tried them for murder. They were electrocuted up at Ossining in '48. Now they want to kill me. You've got to do something! Keep that up, mister, and I'll find you in contempt. That's it? That's all you have to say? Get on with it, counselor! Yes. Sustained. Mr. Tully, do you have anything to ask this witness that may have some bearing on this case? The witness is leading him. Sustained.Oh, yeah, sure -- no. But there's really not much to do here and they might need some back-up at the museum. You're right. We should stay. Should we go? Tonight? Okay. So they bartered room and board in exchange for housekeeping services, which was a good deal for all of them because then they didn't have to withhold tax and social security, which I'm not saying is right but it's just a story, so I guess it's all right. I can finish this later if you're tired. So these dwarfs had a limited partnership in a small mining operation and then one day a beautiful princess came to live with them. Oh, sure, that sounds great. Janine, do you feel like maybe getting something to eat on the way home? No, I celebrate at the beginning of my corporate tax year which is March first. That way I beat the crowds. Oh, no, it's just if one of the guys calls in sick or gets hurt. I was trying to get that smelly green thing. The guys asked me to help out. I'm like the fifth Ghostbuster. Oh migod! I'm sorry. I didn't mean to do that. It was an accident. Ghostbusters. Don't worry. We're not moving. He is. What is it, honey? Did I forget something? Your honor, ladies and gentlemen of the -- audience. I don't think it's fair to call my clients frauds. Okay, the blackout was a big problem for everybody. I was stuck in an elevator for about three hours and I had to go to the bathroom the whole time, but I don't blame them because once I turned into a dog and they helped me. Thank you. Can I have some of your water? Your honor, may I approach the bench? Do I? Okay, let me rephrase that question. Didn't you once coach a basketball team for underprivileged children? I let them handle all the little stuff. I just come in on the big ones. Hey! Wait! Okay, I'll meet you there. This is my cousin Sherman. Sherm, say hello to the Ghostbusters. I promised him a ride in the car if he got you out. I'm telling you, we're all going to be in big trouble if we don't do something fast. That ghost guy came and took my friend's baby and we got to get it back. It's just a scared little baby, Sherm. I fixed you up with Diane Troxler and she put out, didn't she? I got you out of those bad tax shelters. Sherman, I've done lots of favors for you. Why can't you just have them released? You're a doctor. Come on, Sherm. You're my cousin. Do this for me. I'm begging you.This is not just some money-making scheme! I didn't just make up the date. I have a strong psychic belief that the world will end on New Year's Eve. I predict that the world will end at the stroke of midnight on New Year's Eve. Well, I think it's important for people to know that the world is in danger.So what are you saying? That the world of the supernatural is your special province? I'll ask you again, Dr. Venkman. Why were you digging the hole? And please remember that you're under oath. So, Dr. Venkman, please explain to the court why it is you and your co-defendants took it upon yourselves to dig a big hole in the middle of the street. Objection. Irrelevant and immaterial.I thought you were like the fifth Ghostbuster. Hi, it's really great to meet you guys. I know this sounds weird but once I had a dream that my grandfather was standing at the foot of my bed, but I knew it was impossible because he died and he started to tell me that -- Then you should go to the police. I don't believe in any of that stuff. Yeah, I had to give her free dermabrasion for a year. Forget it, Louis. I could get in a lot of trouble. You were the one who got me in. Like what? I'm a dermatologist. I can't write orders on the psych ward. I can't do it, Louis. It isn't ethical. I could lose my license.I won't. Certainly. No. Not that I can recall. Venkman? I think he was borderline for a while there. Then he crossed the border. Occasionally Oh no. We'll do the happiness index next. I'd like to bring Ray in on your case, if it's all right with you. I'm trying to determine whether human emotional states have a measurable effect on the psychomagnetheric energy field. It's a theory Ray and I were working on when we had to dissolve Ghostbusters. I'm not saying you did. In science we always look for the simplest explanation. They came from Ostrov in Eastern Poland. It's probably the first thing my grandparents saw when they came to this country. I'm worried. The vibrations could shake her to pieces. We should have padded her feet. It's working. The positive GeV's are climbing. This won't wait until tomorrow, Venkman. It's hot and it's ready to pop. You know, animals and lower life forms often anticipate major disasters. Given the new magnetheric readings we could see a tremendous breeding surge in the cockroach population. It's a rough translation from the Moldavian. "Vigo the Carpathian, born 1505, died 1610 --" You were supposed to help me with this. That's a thousand million electron volts. I think we should see if we can find anything abnormal on the street. I'd like to have a stool specimen I think they're more interested in my epididymis. Hello, Venkman. Don't shoot! You'll hit Ray! Something good -- We need something that everyone can get behind, a symbol -- It won't work. There's no way we could generate enough positive energy to crack that shell. If you two are looking for a fight, you got one. Who wants it first? Come on, Ray. Try me, sucker. Nine feet -- ten -- Six feet -- seven -- eight -- No, not exactly a man of the people. "Also known as Vigo the Cruel, Vigo the Torturer, Vigo the Despised, and Vigo the Unholy." I'm Egon -- It may be ebbing and flowing from some tidal source. His nickname is "The Hammer." What's the reading? The New York Pneumatic Railway. It was an experimental subway system. Fan-forced air-trains, built around 1870. Why don't we try the Giga-meter? Good idea. This one's interesting. Berlin, 1939, a flower cart took off by itself and rolled approximately half a kilometer over level ground. Three hundred eyewitnesses. Who was that? Late Renaissance, I think. Caravaggio or Brunelleschi. And it's all flowing toward the museum. No, the slime is rising. There's definitely something going on in that studio. The PKE levels were max-plus and the Giga-meter was showing all red. We've found it at every event site we've been to lately.Sorry! I think we hit the honeypot, boys. There's something brewing under the street. Is this the spot? No problem. Always glad to help -- and hug. Do it! Just do it! Something that appeals to the best in each and every one of us -- I can't believe things have gotten so bad in this city that there's no way back. Sure, it's crowded, it's dirty, it's noisy. And there are too many people who'd just as soon step on your face as look at you. But there've got to be a few sparks of sweet humanity left in this burned-out burg. We just have to mobilize it. Butt out, you pencil-necked geek. I've had it with you. That's it. It's on the bottom. This guy was a bad monkey. He dabbled in all the Black Arts, and listen to this prophecy. Just before his head died, his last words were, "Death is but a door, time is but a window. I'll be back." And we're the ... Hey, I didn't imagine it. There must have been ten thousand gallons of it down there. Seems like a pretty open-minded guy, huh? This is about as deep as you can go under Manhattan without digging your own hole. Nothing. Not a trace. You might want to check those Duke University mean averaging studies on controlled psychokinesis. Some crank. Looking for goat hooves. Come up with anything? What's your story, Pete? My great-grandparents were Swiss. I still have the pictures they took of the statue from the boat when they arrived. Yeah, and a lot easier to get to than that island. Vigi, Vigi, Vigi -- you have been a bad little monkey. My Fault! I don't think they make Nikes in her size. I'll keep to the middle of the channel. We're okay to 59th Street, then we'll go ashore and take First Avenue to 79th. I hope we have enough stuff to do the job. Forget it. The Vienna Boys Choir couldn't get through this stuff. It looks like a giant Jello mold. It's all over the city, Pete -- well, under it actually. You should've been there, Venkman. Absolutely incredible! Okay, but you're missing all the fun. We're going down into the sewer system to see if we can trace the source of the psycho-reactive slime flow. We thought you might want to come along. What happened? I'll get one more reading. Nothing. Just some mood-slime residue in and around the bathtub. But we did turn up some interesting stuff on this Vigo character you mentioned. I found the name Vigo the Carpathian in Leon Zundinger's Magicians, Martyrs and Madmen. Listen to this: Well, we sing to it, we talk to it, we say supportive, nurturing things -- We're running tests to see if we can get an equally strong positive reaction. Like a goat on garbage. This is an incredible breakthrough, Venkman. A psychoreactive substance! Whatever this is, it clearly responds to human emotional states. No, I'm just restoring it to its normal state. Oh good, you're here. Spengler and I have something really amazing to show you. If he wasn't dead he'd be an Olympic prospect. I guess so, Pete, because that's not all. Tell them what else we've got, Egon. Careful, Winston. He's a mean one. And to celebrate our grand reopening, we're giving you twice the value with our special half-price 'Welcome Back' service plan. I'm Ray -- Okay, let's heat 'em up! Hey, hey, hey, stresshound! Are you nuts? If anybody found out about this we'd be in serious trouble. The judge couldn't have been clearer - no ghostbusting. Egon and I have been working on a gauge to measure psychomagnetheric energy in GEVs - giga electron volts. It's an interesting one, Pete. If anything was going on it's totally subdued now. Dana! Dana Barrett! Aaah! Nobody! I can't tell you! Who? Just -- someone we know. Oh, just checking something for an old friend. Uh, I can't. I'm kind of working on something. I knew that voice sounded familiar. What's up? How's it going? Oh, hiya, Pete. Groovy. I've never felt better in my life. She's moving! Don't you see? It's the slime. That stuff is like pure, concentrated evil. Oh yeah? Anytime, anytime. Just go ahead and try it. Look, Zeddemore, it wasn't my fault you were too stupid to drop that line. Yeah, I guess so. It was the strangest thing. I knew what I was doing but I couldn't stop. This really terrible feeling came over me and -- I don't know -- I just felt like driving into that tree and ending it all. Whew! Sorry, boys. Well don't think! Are you telling me how to drive? No, I'm fine. I just got light-headed for a second there. Let's go. What? Yeah. Huh? What? Now if you don't want to be the -- -- fifth person ever to die in meta-shock from a planar rift, I suggest you get down behind that desk and don't move until we give you the signal "Stabilize -- All Clear." And he didn't die of old age either. He was poisoned, stabbed, shot, hung, stretched, disemboweled, drawn and quartered. It likes all the sappy stuff: 'Cumbaya,' 'Everything is Beautiful,' 'It's a Small World' -- but it loves Jackie Wilson. Yeah, but what a ride. You can't make a hamburger without chopping up a cow. Ungrateful little Yuppie larvae. After all we did for this city. Come on, Winston. We can't quit now. The holidays are coming up. It's our best season. Then let's do it. Ready?So what? It's a free country. Thanks, Lib. Same difference. Finally came to your senses, huh? Don't worry. Janine has a very special way with children. Let me jingle you right now. Thank you. If I had that kind of support on a daily basis, I could definitely shape up by the turn of the century. I'm not even good for me. All right, you want to be real? So tell me why did you dump me? Does that start exactly at midnight tomorrow, or could you hold off for a few days maybe? So -- are you making any New Year's resolutions? I have a hamper? Next time ask me first, okay. I have more than two grades of laundry. There're lots of subtle levels between clean and dirty. Did you happen to see some shirts on the floor in here? Janine Melnitz, are you kidding? Do I have a vase? I brought some of your clothes. Wear something intriguing. I brought along some interesting possibilities. It's Janine Melnitz, from my staff. She's one of my most valuable employees. Now you get dressed and we go out. I got a babysitter and everything. Trust me, you need it. Are you all squeaky clean now? I'll put him down for you. You are way too short! And your belly-button sticks out! You're nothing but a burden to your poor mother! Or we could do that. For me it's best if I sleep on my side and you spoon up right behind me with your arms around me. If we go the other way I'm afraid your hair will be getting in my face all night. Be careful on that sofa -- it's a butt-biter. But the bed's good and I just changed the sheets so if you get tired, feel free. In fact, I think you should definitely plan on spending the night here. Bathroom's right here -- let me just tidy up a few things. Sounds like another slime job ... No, they're all right. They're here now ... Right ... Let me know. We'll take care of that. Ray, Pete. Listen, get over to Dana's right away ... Her bathtub pulled a fast one -- tried to eat the kid. This is Joe Namath's old number, you know. You could get a lot of chicks with this. Just don't pee in it. I'll get Ray and Egon to check out the bathtub. You better stay here. Who could blame him? Were you wearing this nightgown? You know, if anyone else told me that, I'd have serious doubts. But coming from you, I can't honestly say I'm surprised. No, I just got in -- a couple hours ago. Come on in. Are we having a pajama party? I'd like to stay, but I really don't have time to hang around here. I'll call you. Later, Johnny! I may be wrong, but I think you've got a little crush on this guy. Yeah, it's not the kind of thing you'd want to hang in the rec room. You know what it needs? A fluffy little white kitten in the corner. As a matter of fact, I stopped by to tell you that I haven't forgotten your problem and that we're still on the case. You're really good, you know. So this is what you do, huh? Thanks. I'm El Gato. I always land on my feet. Don't worry about me. I'm like a cat. You are personally responsible. If I can get conjugal rights, will you visit me at Sing Sing? Okay, let's take a look. Brings back a lot of sweet memories, doesn't it? There's our old cash machine. And the dry cleaners we used to go to. And the old video store. We really had some good times, didn't we? I'll supervise. Unusual? I don't know. I haven't had a lot of experience with babies. Oscar! You poor kid! There's no doubt about it. He's got his father's looks. The kid is ugly -- extremely ugly. And smelly. You stink! It's just horrible. You are the stinkiest baby I ever smelled. What's his name? I may have a few personal problems but one thing I am is a total professional. Men are very sensitive, you know. We need to feel loved and desired, too. He ditched you. You should've married me, you know. So what happened to Mr. Right? I hear he ditched you and the kid and moved to Europe. I can see that you're still very bitter about us, but in the interest of science, I'm going to give it my best shot. Let's go to work, boys. You know, Dana, I'm very very hurt that you didn't call me first. I'm still into all this stuff, you know. Haven't you ever seen my show? No, you can't, and I think that's the whole problem with aliens; you just can't trust them. You may get some nice ones occasionally like Starman or E.T., but most of them turn out to be some kind of lizard. Anyway, we're just about out of time. Next week on 'World of the Psychic,' hairless pets. Until then, this is Peter Venkman saying ... ... Good night. Your alien had a room in the Holiday Inn? Valentine's Day. That's got to be a bummer. Where did you get that date, Elaine? Oh, you think so? Well, I've got news for you. You've got Dracula's brother-in-law in there and he's got my girlfriend and her kid. Around about midnight tonight, when you're partying uptown, this guy's going to come to life and start doing amateur head transplants. And that's just round one. Now you're talking. Yeah, I think the Times might be interested, don't you? The Post might have a lot of fun with it, too. No, that's what I want to talk to the mayor about. We did a little job for the city a while back and we ended up getting sued, screwed and tattooed by deskworms like you. I'm an old friend of the mayor's. I just want to say hello to him. Yeah, you can get your hand off my chest. Oh, Johnny. Did you back the wrong horse. Not. Don't leave town and report any change in your address to the proper authorities. We'll be back. I'm going to rule out the glue-sniffing theory. If she says it looked at her, it looked at her. Hey, you! Vigie! Look at me. I'm talking to you. Hey! Look at me when I'm talking to you. This is the one that looked at Dana. You know, I never got to ask you. Where you from, Johnny? We got a major creep alert and we're just going down the list. Your name was first. I know. I'll let you get back to it. Nice meeting you. Well, I'd make an exception in this case if I were you. Too bad for the Moldavians. How are you? What's that you're working on, Johnny? These boys aren't playing around. Maybe they just want to appeal. Who are they? Sorry, your Honor, but when somebody sets me up like that I can't resist. Well, for your sake, I hope you're right. But I think my other guest may disagree with you. Elaine, you had another date in mind? This year? That's cutting it a little close, isn't it? I mean, just from a sales point of view, the book just came out, right? So you're not even looking at the paperback release for maybe a year. And it's going to be at least another year after that if the thing has movie-of-the-week or mini-series potential. You would have been better off predicting 1992 or even '94 just to be safe. Okay, so can you tell us when it's going to happen or do we have to buy the book? Hi, welcome back to the 'World of the Psychic,' I'm Peter Venkman and I'm chatting with my guest, author, lecturer and of course, psychic, Milton Anglund. Milt, your new book is called The End of the World. Isn't that kind of like writing about gum disease. Yes, it could happen, but do you think anybody wants to read a book about it? No, I guess I'm just saying that shit happens and somebody has to deal with it. I had my fingers crossed when they swore me in, but I'm going to tell you the truth. There are things in this world that go way beyond human understanding, things that can't be explained and that most people don't want to know about anyway. That's where we come in. Seventy-seventh and First Avenue has so many holes already we didn't think anyone would notice. Yes, I did. We were city champs. Ostrov? I've been there. Good party town. From where -- Neptune? Pretty impressive, huh? So far so good. They love you, Lib. Keep it up. Boys, listen. You're scaring the straights. Let's save this until tomorrow, okay? Roach breeding? Sounds better and better. Dana? The boys are going down under the sewers tonight to look for slime. Egon thinks there might even be some kind of big roach-breeding surge. Should we forget about dinner and go with them instead? That's it? "I'll be back?" A hundred and five years? He really hung on, didn't he. You need the exercise. I knew that. Finding something abnormal on the street shouldn't be too hard. What now, Brainiac? Yeah, you would. Is that for personal or professional reasons? I don't even want to know where that is. How've you been? How's teaching? I bet those science chicks really dig that big cranium of yours, huh? Egon! Me? I'm a little of everything. Some Irish, some German, some French, Dutch -- the women in my family slept around. And that's what made this country great. Oh, right, you told me that. They came to America seeking other kinds of cheese, as I recall. How about you, Winston? I think she looks pretty good here, don't you? The whole city's together on this one. We took a vote. Everybody's down on you, you know. She's new in town. We're almost there, Lib. Step on it. Are you kidding? We'll hit all that bridge traffic at 59th. I'm going to take 72nd straight up to Fifth. Trust me, I used to drive a cab. Only one way to find out. Ready, Teddy? Good effort. Now what? Should we say supportive, nurturing things to it, Ray? I hate Jello. Yeah, sorry I missed it. I guess you guys didn't know about the dress code here. It's really kind of a coat and tie place. I think we're going to have to pass on the sewer trip, boys. Let me know what you find out. Darn it! I wish I'd known you were going. I'm stuck with these damn dinner reservations. Don't tell me, let me guess. All-you-can-eat barbecue rib night at the Sizzler? You just picked up three penalty points on your driver's license. Beautiful, beautiful. Work with me, baby. Just have fun with it. Okay, he's playing it cool. Let's finish up and get out of here. Did you find anything at Dana's? You're not sleeping with this stuff, are you? What kind of tests? 'Mood slime.' We ought to bottle this stuff and sell it. This is what you do with your spare time? And now you're going to eat it? It's not that thing you do with your nostrils, is it? You know he ran that last lap in under six minutes? Hold on, Ray! Half-price! Have you gone crazy? I'm Peter -- Geez, I forgot how heavy these things are. Relax. We're going to keep this whole thing nice and quiet, low key, no profile. I love this. We're onto something really big. I can smell it, Ray. We're going to make some headlines with this one. What's that? Well, Holmes, what do you think? Who, Ray? Who? Who? Who? Oh, Ray -- Who? Great. So what are you guys working on? Nowhere -- fast. Why don't you lock up and buy me a sub? So, no goat hooves, huh? Oh, hello, perhaps you could help me. I'm looking for an aerosol love potion I could spray on a certain Penthouse Pet that would make her unconditionally submit to an unusual personal request. Miss Blue Blood? Her family's been here since the year 12. It's okay. I have my Senior Lifesaving card. If she's naked under that toga. She's French, you know. Kind of makes you wonder, doesn't it? And pure -- It better not start yet. I'm trying to finish my potholder before lunch. I don't think he's ready for the toaster. So we'll put a warning on the label. I don't care what you say. This could be a major Christmas gift item.So be it. On this the day of darkness, she will be ours, wife to you and mother to me. The season of evil begins with the birth of the new year. Bring me the child that I might live again. I command you. -- the sorrow of Moldavia -- I, Vigo, the scourge of Carpathia -- On a mountain of skulls in a castle of pain, I sat on a throne of blood. What was will be, what is will be no more. Now is the season of evil. Find me a child that I might live again. I, Vigo, the scourge of Carpathia, the sorrow of Moldavia, command you.There's something very familiar about this painting. Rivers of the stuff! Is the line sinking? I'd put my money on that Vigo character. You mean this stuff actually feeds on 'bad vibes'? Ray -- Ray -- How do you feel, man? I've lived in New York all my life and I never visited the Statue of Liberty. Now I finally get here and we're taking her out for a walk. What are we doing? Ray, I was ready to kill you. You better watch your mouth, man, or I'll punch your lights out. Nice going, Ray! What were you trying to do -- drown me? Are you all right? No, I just thought -- Are you all right? You coming down with something? You finished here? Now that's one ugly dude. You got a flux and a half. I guess he wasn't too popular at the end there. Does it have any favorites? Yeah, what did we do, Ray? The last real job we had we bubbled up a hundred foot marshmallow man and blew the top three floors off an uptown highrise. Give it up, Ray. You're living in the past. Ghostbusters doesn't exist anymore. In a year these kids won't even remember who we are. That's it, Ray. I've had it. No more parties. I'm tired of taking abuse from over-privileged nine-year-olds. I'm ready. My people weren't taking any pictures from those slave ships, man. And there wasn't any Statue in Charleston Harbor to welcome them, either. What are you, Dana? How deep does it get? That water's cold and I can't swim. Wonder what? And decent. You think all those predictions about the world coming to an end in the 1990s are true? Tell him about the toaster. Right, and the first time someone gets mad, their toaster will eat their hand.