Friend, that animal will go after whoever's approaching the sound of that whistle. And God help whoever it is. Because that dog will not let up until there's dead meat on the ground. Put your faith in that, pal. They're great with kids. They love 'em. They eat 'em up. I'm kidding. Look at that. You can't buy better protection than that. That there is your Man's Best Friend. Listen, you can kick 'em, hit 'em, pour water all over 'em -- nothing . I'm telling you, under ordinary conditions they're quiet , they're nice to have around, they're completely harmless -- but when you blow this whistle... ... then look out. You better believe it, buddy. Your average Rolls Royce doesn't have to pass as many tests. You want consistency? You want dependability? You want safety?What toys do you have? Where are these toys of yours? So where are all your toys? Was that your dad? Whoa, check it out. They're really white. I'm Bernard, by the way. Those are cool Reeboks, Neil. They're real new, aren't they? So, Neil . How's it goin'?So this really does the trick, eh? How are they with kids? Safety? You test each one thoroughly? Oh -- uh -- girlfriend. Well, it's for a woman. I'm looking for some perfume. There's so much I want to say to her, it's all jumbled up in my mind, and I don't want her to misunderstand -- I know . I just feel that the relationship has reached that delicate stage where the slightest little thing could wreck the careful groundwork I've laid up till now. Right. I should. Yeah, maybe you're right. Everything else is just an excuse. I'm treating the situation with kid gloves because I'm afraid of losing her. Oh no -- I mean, she's genuinely made me more fulfilled in many ways -- and I hope eventually to be able to teach her a few things, too. What I mean is, I guess I'm still waiting for just that right -- synthesis between us -- where everything will be understood between us without even the need for words. I've cultivated her interests so that now we have even more in common than ever. Things are beginning to come to a head. I can feel it. And I want everything to be perfect. -- a sense of proportion. That would be stupid. No, no, no, no. I understand that. Well, we talked about the whole disapproval thing. I am. I'm really feeling pretty good. I have a much stronger sense of how far I've come. Oh, fine. She's gone away for a little while and when she comes back I've sort of resolved to really tell her how much I care for her. I guess so. I mean, I know I'm responsible for my own actions. It was never because I was angry with anyone. I didn't mean to hurt anyone ever. When I was a child... I got used to the closets. The boxes. The cabinet under the kitchen sink... with that persistent drip. I used to the smell of the boxes. Wood. Cardboard. I got so I was comfortable there in the dark. Even... even that old refrigerator in the yard. That smelled like rust and decay. It was safe in the boxes. It was when they took me out -- Yeah, things are moving along, but she's still involved with this other guy and it's a little tricky. Actually, I have met someone. There's a woman I think I like. -- institution. Yeah, since I was a kid. I had a woodwork class once when I was... in school that time. Then I learned a lot more when I was in the -- Well, I've been doing a little independent contracting, some carpentry here and there, y'know, do-it-yourself-type stuff. I still find it very soothing. Right. Oh, it's nothing. No problem. I was really lucky to find this place. It's great. It's clean and airy and quiet -- there are trees and flowers. There's still some fixing up I have to do, but it's coming along. About us. I think we should talk first. It is tomorrow. Yeah, you know, that in life you really have to choose what you want to do. I was thinking about our conversation the other day -- what you said about choices. What happened? I was driving by -- I saw all the cars. Are you all right? Because you were pretty? I was alone a lot as a child. No one to compete with. My parents ensured that I found happiness in the smallest things. When you're all alone it's your own world, you don't have to take orders from anybody. You don't necessarily believe the stories people tell you. Yeah, I've always been able to make my way in the world. I don't like having to rely on other people. Uh, no -- I've never really found the time to settle down. It's a living. An occupational hazard, I'm afraid. -- General handyman, yeah. I do carpentry, too, painting, almost any odd job around the house. I do housesitting while the owners are away. In fact, that's why I've been in the area. I've been living very close by. Here's the part that's giving you trouble, but I won't be able to get a replacement till the stores open tomorrow morning. Isn't that always the way? Just show me the way. Yeah, that was easy. Maybe I could take a look at it now. Sure.A lot of my stuff hasn't been unpacked yet. Here's the TV. Let's watch some TV. Nah, that's some guy fixing the living room floor. Give it here, Bernard. Hey, c'mon. Okay. That's okay, Mom. No, thanks, Mom -- I'll go up to bed now. Mom, I heard someone downstairs! Mom, there's somebody in the house ! Where'd he go? I don't know how it started! Thanks, Mom. Whew. Thank God. I can't help it if my homework is torn to shreds three times a week by someone much bigger than me . RUDOLF! Has anyone seen Rudolf? I don't think he came in last night. But there's this psycho . Really. Mom, there's a psycho I have to deal with every day . I don't know why they let a psycho even go to school! I could take a cab on the way home. Why can't you just drive me to my old school every morning? "We don't want to be late for our first day of school." Shit! It's fun. Let's follow 'em. God, your sister's really hot. I thought I was supposed to stay in my room. No. -- A man. A man started the fire. Can we keep him? And I can't help having a cold. The thermometer's broken. I have a cold. I've been going through a lot of personal crap, all right? All right then, if I have to go to school then I'd better go. Rudolf? C'mere, Rudolf! I didn't. No. What about cable? Dad, we can't decide unless Rudolf gets to look too! Are we gonna buy this house?Put it out, man! Grow up, Dreyer. What for, dickweed? Shut up.Should I come home when I'm finished there? Yeah -- we know him. He's been hanging around the house. This is my house. What? I think it's time I came home now. I was having a bad day -- I lost that job, I was dependent on other people, I was let down -- Look, I think we should work things out. And what was that neighbor guy doing here? Who was that? I am so sick to death of hearing your opinion of my state of mind, what you think is for my own good. Without me you'd still be twirling a baton at U.C. Santa Barbara. You're the final straw on this back, baby! This is for the best, you know it is. Why do my socks keep disappearing! Someone blew the whistle. Someone hates me. I'm fired . I'm unemployed. Is that your idea of negotiating from a position of strength? Clearly any potential employers have been warned to back off! There might be some extras in the garage. Everything -- that I've been talking to other people behind his back -- that's what he called me -- a back-stabber and a deceiver. To him and to the company. He called me a traitor in front of everybody and told me if I wanted to be a VP over at Lowenthal I might as well pack up and go -- only Lowenthal never showed up for our lunch ! It's like everybody got an anonymous poison-pen letter or some -- Do you smell smoke? I get to the restaurant and he's not there. I waited for forty- five minutes. When I called his office, his secretary said they thought I had cancelled. I had cancelled! Then I get back to my office and Aranson is waiting for me and he knows everything . He wasn't there. C'mon. What -- what are you doing? His secretary just confirmed. He wants to see me! The floor has a nice shine to it. Oh God -- we have twenty-two messages on the machine. Did the cleaning woman come? I don't know -- put 'em in the drawer with all the Chinese take- away menus. The cab's waiting! Honey, I'm sorry, I think the vacation will be a good break for both of us. You'll see. Who told you that -- someone on the radio? Honey, I can't track of all the meals Charlie and I have been having. This is a delicate time. If it leaks out that I'm jumping ship before I'm set up someplace else I could be out on my ear before I'm ready with nothing. With nothing . Barbara Zelman ? I don't believe this! Sweetheart, this is a very risky time for me right now. Maybe you don't appreciate that. Honey, you know what I've been like lately... I've been a total zombie. I have no idea what that was doing in my pocket. What next?! -- A strange bra under my pillow! Yeah, I guess it would be good for us to get away for a while. Maybe Rudolf got the same idea. Dogs need a change of scene, too, from time to time. I mean, he's a smart kid, he'll get by -- he takes after me. You're too sensitive. He's made some friends, hasn't he? One day before we know it it'll be an old house and we'll be old in it -- and I'll still be paying for it. All new houses have noises. No. No . If I hear anything you'll be the first to know, all right? Oh -- great. Huh? I know. It's just having to pass muster with these juniors before the senior partner even agrees to see me. -- And keep my kids away from his property -- who the hell does he think he is? Some nice neighborhood. He made, you know, a remark. Did you hear what he said? Did you hear that? Damn. Good -- that's what I was trying to project. How were we -- were we cool? It's very nice, but it's still a little pricey for us. Honey, nobody buys a house overnight -- if someone else comes back at them, well, we might have to make a counter offer. But we can't look too eager or we'll get screwed. It'll be even shorter if I get that new job. Come on. It's a nice pool, isn't it? You want me to bargain at the high end of our range? -- I'll have a stroke. I've got to save all my sweat for my meeting in three weeks. You wanted furniture too, didn't you? High end? Honey, it's a whole new budget. Stop knowing me so well. What's that? What? We'd have to get one of those sliding covers for the pool. Neil, calm down. Get on the other side of that. No man! Go to your room . Do you see a man? You knew a second ago. Who started it? Neil, goddamn it, you're not five years old! Hiya, sport. Where'd you come from, huh? What d'you want me to do, Neil? I've told you we'll get another dog. What does EVERYONE want me to do? You want to move back? Huh? Would you like that? Should we all just pack up again and MOVE BACK?! Y'know what? I'm ready to cancel our trip. I really am. I've had it. What did the thermometer say? If you want that baseball jacket for your birthday, Neil, learn to cough a little more realistically. Oh really? You've been going through a lot of personal crap. You, Princess Di and Madonna? Why? I just read your report card. What's the point? Stay home, watch some television, we'll get "Mad" magazine delivered. What kind of report card do you call this?! Neil, do you mind? All right, who ate the last piece of cheesecake? We'll get cable when the cable company is good and ready -- you think you can survive till then? Okay! We have TV! We can all get stupid again! Would you mind if Rudolf had a look too? Do you have enough money? Really. Uh huh. I'd like that. Promise? Thank you -- how efficient of you. Even cosier. It's a double. Right over here. And this -- is the master bedroom.Well, you'll just have to make her understand. I can't help you if you don't help yourself. It's really up to you. Brooding endlessly isn't going to help matters any. Well, these are good signs -- she's broken up with him and the two of you seem to be developing quite a rapport. Because life isn't about playing it safe. Life is about taking risks. You have to put yourself out there a bit more. Ask her how she feels. It's not going to happen unless you make it happen, my friend. You're going to have to assert yourself a little bit more. Show your affection. Well, now, don't go creating some artificial environment for yourself. Who doesn't? A sense of proportion. That would be monumentally stupid. All I'm saying is -- On the contrary -- this is tremendous. I mean, we're all frightened to death of disapproval and we're constantly hiding behind these layers we manufacture for ourselves -- and I'm not saying we should, you know, declare ourselves unhesitatingly to our fellow human beings in the interests of total openness and honesty -- And please, don't for God's sake misinterpret that as being the voice of discouragement in any way -- The whole disapproval thing. If you allow yourself to get into a situation where someone else's potential disapproval becomes the focal point of your life -- then you're back to a life of fear, aren't you? -- You're a prisoner to that again, and that isn't much of a life. As long as you keep remembering why. That's terrific. Don't be afraid to be demonstrative. You're sounding a lot more confident than when we last spoke. And how are things with your lady friend, if I may call her that? You're responsible for your own actions and you don't mean to hurt anyone. In other words, you've done your best. I'm saying don't carry the burden of other people's actions on your shoulders, because they're beyond your control. Listen, no one ever said expressing yourself to the opposite sex is easy, but when the time comes, you have to do it and you hope the outcome will be good for both of you. You come out of solitary and you rejoin the human race, as difficult as that sometimes can be. Oh, good -- well, I hope you'll have more to tell me next time. Right. So, you have a new place, you've started working a bit -- I'm sure you'll be meeting some new people. -- hospital. I'm happy that you're working again. As long as it comes naturally, that's terrific. You've always liked working with your hands, haven't you? And what about work? Have you had any more thoughts about what you'd like to be doing now? All right then. That's important, isn't it? -- For you to be in an "up" environment. I'm saying you should literally take that as your base , do you know what I mean? It's something positive that you've accomplished -- even if you were forced by circumstance -- something for you to build upon. And the rent is okay? How's the new place?