Don't worry, I don't want to give up any more. That it acquires intelligence from its victims? Well, if they were perfecting an aquaman, then why's there a dead one onboard that Russian ship? Why isn't he out swimming around? But what about those scales... or that leech-like thing that bit Cobb? Not exactly a big ocean country. Was there such a thing? They found this? Yeah...right... Why Sixpack? And? The mask is because you think it might be...catching? I'm not a doctor. Well, how the hell does a skin rash kill you in eight hours?! Dead? This morning you said he had some skin disorder. What's wrong? What mistakes? Look, I think it's no big deal but if you want to find out why this ship sank have Maritime run a check. What do you want me to say? That it all sounds mysterious? Be my guest. We almost had an accident today. DeJesus' suit... Are you planning on working tomorrow? Just get in yours! I got hung up! Try this! That's an order! Go on! No. Think! Can we stop it?! Block it up?! Shut down the line somewhere?! Think! Can you fix it? We don't have much choice... without air, the internal pressure will fall and-- That's why there's a dead one on the ship. It ran out of blood. No, it's not going through. The intercom's busted. I thought DeJesus fixed that? I thought they were your friends? What has? There's now a problem with the weather for pickup. There's a typhoon in our sector... ...We're going to be delayed twelve hours... What?... ...all of you owe time and I thought tonight would be a good time to--- I've been looking at the duty roster...at the shack hours outstanding... Doc eat already? Stay calm! DeJesus! A readout! All right, Sixpack, you and Williams are gonna pull water duty tomorrow-- How do you know it was Williams? Williams...get DeJesus' suit on the "sick rack" and do a diagnostics. Any other suit problems she should know about? Cobb, Jones, I want you to do something about that damn rattle in the air system... Bowman and Sixpack...living quarters... I can't see them! Where's Jones? Less than an hour. It's ruptured an air duct. We're on backup air. What are you doing? Yeah...I think they're just deciding what to do with us. Shit! He sent them all. Our only chance is to lure it to the Swamp and flush it like we did the other. I guess I figured if I was in their shoes that's what I would've done. You think I should hang around more with the crew? Everybody in corporate training serves a tour on the line. Sup- posed to hone leadership skills or something. Whatever made you want to do a tour down here? No. I'm just being friendly. How's astronaut training? That was a loud one wasn't it? Why can't we pick up his signal? That's great. Now let's move 35 degrees southwest. I need more light on that, Four. There probably wasn't anything wrong with his suit... What? Jones...come with me. Cobb, you and Doc check the rooms. No! Shut up, all of you. Is this a contract violation, Mr. Cobb? All right... What's wrong with it? Something wrong, Cobb? You're only twenty-five tons off quota. Barring an unforeseen problem you should reach it easily on the last day. It's just a day off. You don't have to take it, I just thought it might help. He's not at his station. The internal monitors read normal. Wait till you reach thirty- five before you blow your suit... Twenty minutes!...Who had tank duty? What's your air reading? Charge set? No...she killed herself. I can't tell you much about it, except that none of you show any symptoms. Let's get it out of here and bring in a new one. Better let the Doc take a look at you, after dinner. How do you feel, DeJesus? Give me a readout, DeJesus. Forty-eight hours! But it's a delay! How long? A day? Two days?! What're you saying? That we're not even going to be picked up tomorrow? Do it. I'm not anxious to find out, either. What you don't understand is that my crew is in jeopardy. How's the weather for pickup tomorrow? I know that. Thank you, Martin. Two hundred and fifty-two tons of Magnesium and 15 tons of Sodium.Personal effects... You're damn right I do. Five years down here and I'll pull in more than 15 topside. I'm not down here for the fun, I'll tell you that. You got money in this tub? Not yet. Hook's on 24... Cute, DeJesus...Specimen cups? What about his suit? That's a million five the company's got to replace. They'll make somebody go get it. Who else...Sixpack. If he had his blinkers on-- The weather's good, I already checked, but I'll be off in a minute. I'm telling you, it's the suits!Oh, God, she's out there... It bit me! Mr. Beck, the contract states that no body can be disposed of without authorization of--- No sir...I just wanted to know if you needed a hand? Excuse me, sir... ...I'd really have to show it to you. Uh..Excuse me sir, it's the air recirculating system, sir... What about our quota? Where's Doc?! Itches like hell. What was it? What happened? Bullshit. You read Russian? What the?... I say we should go get in the escape bubbles and get the hell out of here! I ain't doing nothing for that thing without something to defend myself. What's going on? At least we get time and a half. That's in the contract. He didn't say it was a "routine check-up," he said it was a "routine precaution ." Pretty good. He sent them out videotaping outcrop. What music? There ain't no music. Shhhh...don't tell no one. Job security. Ah, it's just old, like me. You don't see the Doc opening me up every time I get a new creak in my joints...I say, as long as it's recycling the air let the next shift deal with it. But, 'long as we're here... No way, Mister Beck! No fucking way ! We just did a full shift, you can't call Shack duty on top of a full shift. It's a contract violation! I'm going to kill it! I feel it, too...Someone's trying to get out. I ain't, goddamnit...It's Jones!.. Bad as he is there's no way we can make our quota with- out his sad self out there. You just can't do it. You're on your way somewhere all right...the looney bin. You guys are crazy. What the hell you play that stupid game for? This is what I wear at the beach, goddamnit. Who cares?Be careful with it. Intelligence may not be the right word... Why stop with just one aspect of marine life? Why not incorporate the best genetic components the ocean has to offer?... Some say that's why we're basically hairless, for less water resistance, faster swimming speeds... It was when it counted a couple of million years ago when the seas came in and drove us into the water. Most homo sapiens didn't make it...Danakil man... adapted . Danakil man?...one of our ancestors. Named for the Danakil Alps in Ethiopia. No. I think they isolated him in genetic engineering. Homo aquaticus... It could be a million things, something in the air, food.... But he went on that ship and so did Williams... I want to examine the crew. And they didn't believe the symptoms I described... I don't know. I've been back and forth with Narragansett Naval all day, consulting with the best people in maritime medicine, the best people in viruses... For this...you don't need to be. Here. Put this on. You examine him. He did. Pretty good imitation of a hangover and I ought to know. These observers were doing something. A test...I think they sank that ship on purpose to cover up their mistakes. You mind if I take a look at this? Well, I'll be on the golf course in the morning. Then, if I don't have any babies to deliver-- Take it off and let me have a look. Still bothering you? It...almost got you. ...and a Russian grandmother... Russian, French, Italian, Spanish, Greek, German, a little Hindu, some Serbo Croat and a smattering of Swahili...standard pre-med background... Russian. I don't know. I'm guessing. ...It has many traits of deep sea marine life...regeneration, scales, gills, even a period of dormancy... but the fact that it remembered where the plasma was stored, or where the communication wiring was, may imply that it has some other quality... The monster appears to be a genetic aberration... It would explain the suction- like appendages. It's had a meal. I'm going to try to remove it. We've got to get him to the infirmary. We're simply concerned about her...proximity to... The infirmary?... Two hundred meters.Your suit, Becky! Where the hell've you been? Fuck your orders! No! I hit it. But I can't see it! Can you see it?! I am thinking, man! You think I want to die! I am thinking! I-- No way... Jesus Christ... Crunch...Implosion. What dead one on the ship? He did. Were, Doss were . One of those chunks of Sixpack! Like a big leech, with those teeth!... It's got Hazy! We're getting out of here just in time. Bullshit...I was just talking to him. I saw him move. Uh, oh...I see where this is going... The good doctor hasn't showed yet. He don't need a readout, man, he needs help! Yes sir... Aw, loosen up, Bowman... Hey, Willie, I got one served up for you. The man is unbelievable... I say, leave him in there. It wouldn't make any difference in there...He could be two feet away and on fire and she'd still not see him! Hey, Bo...when're you going to be off that thing? I want to find out tonight's NBA scores and check the weather. Fuck the suits, it's the people monitoring them. It Doc had been there like he's supposed to it never would've happened! And hit the surface in the middle of a typhoon?...No, thank you. I'll take my chance down here. That thing happens to be my friend. You let him get away! It's Hazy...It's got him! Stay here and don't let him out. I'm going to get the Doc. Fuck double pay, man! I want out of here! "Routine," my ass! Ain't nothin' "routine" about no physical check- up 10,000 feet down...especially when we're getting picked up the next day! Yeah? How'd the kid hold up? Oooooh. Damn! Not so loud. Turn down the music. So that's all you do?... Listen to it for Christsake. Whooo! Right on, Cobb! Let's hear it for our shop Steward! Probably the plumbing. You gonna make me finish that puzzle by myself, or what? Under there? How'd you do that? 'Fucker could have gotten us all killed. Twelve hours! Burritos...Enchiladas... Fuck semantics, Doc! You saying its like part DeJesus, part Sixpack, part Bowman?! No fuckin' lie... Like a leech. Bigger than DeJesus? How? I've got Cobbie downstairs watching the door. What are you going to do to him? Yes sir, ain't that where we usually go when we're sick? Excuse me, sir...Bowman's sick. She's downstairs in the infirmary. How far away is she? Answer them and quit kicking me! Jameson? Who are you trying to con...? Tip top, Willie...tip top. How many times I got to tell you. I saw a ship. Don't fuckin' worry, I ain't. She's wondering what's happening. We're losing air faster than I thought. The air's stopped. The good doctor signed our death warrant. Oh man, that's just great... Fucking great...You telling me we got a fucking dracula in here with us? DeJesus...It's got him. I ought to smack your face! Sleeping. No sign of Doc, though. I'll check the control room. You look in the shower room... Sixpack... Honey, the company don't give a flying fuck about "whys," they just look at the numbers and the contract says if we miss our quota they only got to pay us half-pay for the entire month. "Debbie Does Dallas"... Hell, it's in Russian. I can't read it... Jameson? Who're you trying to con? Let's hope it holds.I realize you must have gone through hell-- Twelve hours, no big deal. We should know something first thing in the morning. Don't worry. It shouldn't be a long delay. Unfortunately. We can't. Beck, trust me. If the company felt that you or your crew were in any danger we would authorize an immediate emergency pickup. We could be there in a few hours. But you don't have any proof at this point to assume that this disease is contagious, do you? Well, according to Maritime law, you, as commander of the Shack have the authority to dispose of the body. However, the company doesn't want you to do that. Beautiful. Well, suit yourself, then...its your decision... Ha ha...a little joke...suit yourself... ...as long as you know it's not in your contract. Don't thank me, yet, but it is important to know where you're going and who your friends are... 'Know what I mean? Sounds like a good week, Beck. In fact...I put your folder in front of the Vice President of District Operations last night...Huh? I...uh...uh... Look at my foot, sir! This bitch put a goddamn sea monster in my bunk! Shit... Don't worry, darlin, I'm... What's wrong, did you miss me? Bitch! Look what you did! The latch is screwed up. Or the hinge. My pocket. Check my pocket, will ya, honey?Roger. Twenty minutes... I'm going inside. Charge set. Backing off. C'mon Rover let's get out of here.