They don't look too good. They don't look particularly good,  do they? Thirty minutes late. Think she'll  show? She's got to. She's the damn owner  now. She didn't last week. She was having  a guava facial. I never heard of half these guys.  And the ones I do know are way past  their prime. Most of these guys never had a prime. This guy here is dead. Let's not be hasty. Well, it's not the best material  I've ever had to work with, but I'll  do my best to see we move up a notch  this year. One minute, 58 seconds. Mr. Donovan, Mrs. Phelps would like  to see you. I'm glad you called me in. I'm still  unclear on a couple things Well, if I'm the G.M., who's gonna  be the Manager? Lou Brown? What exactly is our team concept? What do you mean? Some of these guys are furniture  movers? Mrs. Phelps, you can't just up and  move a team on a whim... Even so, the League'll never let us  leave Cleveland. We got a lease with  the city. What are you saying? You want us to  lose? Mister Phelps would never have  approved of this. Yeh. Hello, Jake? This is Charlie Donovan,  new G.M. of the Cleveland Indians. Yeh... I wanted to call and say the  organization remembers you fondly  from the years you played here and  we'd love to have you come to spring  training for a shot at this year's  club. Who is this? What? Is that you, Tolbert? This isn't  very funny, ya know. I'm hung over.  My knees are killin' me. If you were  gonna pull this shit, you could've  at least said you were from the  Yankees. By the way, you were with me last  night. Who's this girl on top of me? Tolbert? Tolbert? Screw it. Tolbert. Who the hell were you talkin' to? Tire World. Lou? This is Charlie Donovan, the  new G.M. of the Cleveland Indians.  Listen, Lou, I hope you're sittin'  down 'cause I got an offer you  probably been dreamin' about your  whole life. We been watchin' your  progress down there at Toledo with a  lotta interest and well... How would you like to manage the  Indians this year? I don't know... What do ya mean you don't know? This  is a chance to manage in the big  leagues. Lemme think it over, will ya, Charlie.  I got a guy on the other line about  some whitewalls. I'll talk to ya  later. Rick, we heard about your pitching  out at Portland last year... I'm, ah, not with them anymore... We'd still like to take a look at ya  at our spring camp in Arizona, March  first. Yeh, well, I'm not sure I can make  it by then. Don't worry, we're gettin' you out  on a sort of work furlough deal. Any  questions? Yeh. Where's Cleveland? Look, Lou, you been in baseball thirty  years. Don't you wanna advance some? I used to coach the unwed mothers'  softball team. I have advanced some. Well, what are you really worried  about? The money? Naw, I'm just not sure I'd be happy  in a big organization like that.  Owners are always on your back, tryin'  to "help you out." I don't think that's gonna be a  problem. Down here baseball's a game, not a  business. I don't wanta be a  babysitter for a buncha millionaires  who think they know it all already. We don't have any millionaires. Well then, bonus babies or whatever  you got... Don't have any bonus babies either. Don't you have any proven major league  talent? Not that I know of. Well, then... I'll be up in a couple  days. What? Sounds like my kinda team. Have my  contracts ready. Guess I really put the screws to  him. Taylor, telephone for you. Hello. Jake, Charlie Donovan again. Oh yeh, Charlie, look, I'm sorry  about this morning... No problem. Look, Jake, camp starts  on the first. Can you make it? Sure. You been stayin' in shape down there? Oh hell, yeh, I work out every day. I thought so. See ya in Arizona. Let's go, Taylor. You're up. Luis, I'm not gonna be playin'  anymore. I got a tryout in the States. Fine. Leave your uniform. But I changed at the motel. Leave your uniform. This looks like Jake Taylor. He was an Allstar in Boston, wasn't  he? Yeh. We did. What happened to the private rooms? We're on an austerity program. This  is what happens when you finish 24  games out. Who's that? I think it's Cerrano. Defected from  Cuba. Wanted religious freedom. What's his religion? Voodoo. Thought you didn't have any high- priced talent. I forgot about Dorn, 'cause he's  only high-priced. Got him as a free  agent three years ago. Still hits the ball pretty well,  doesn't he? Yeh, he just can't field it. We'll shape him up. Don't recognize this guy. Say hey, Willie Mays Hayes here. I  play like Mays and run like Hayes. Lou Brown. Nice to meet ya, Hayes. Thanks. Well, I gotta get my stuff... I don't remember a Hayes on the list. Maybe he's the mascot. Hey, what do we have here? Guy looks  like a fuckin' toilet brush. Hey,  T.B., I love your pony tail. And the  earring's cute too. Where's the  matching bracelet? Jake Taylor. So, you just gonna settle for toilet  brush, or you got another name? Vaughn. Rick Vaughn. Forget about Dorn. He's always a  little tough on rookies. You'll get  a lot worse from other teams. Say hey! How ya doin'? Willie Mays  Hayes here. Jake Taylor. Rick Vaughn. What the hell league you been playin'  in? California Penal. Never heard of it. How'd you wind up  playin' there? I stole a car. This guy wasn't invited to camp. Welcome to Spring Training, gentlemen.  Most managers tell you at this time  that all the jobs are open, that  nobody's a lock at any position, and  that talent isn't everything. They'd  rather see desire and discipline in  a player. Then they tell you that  most of all they want you to have  fun out there, even though they're  gonna work your ass off on  fundamentals and condition you till  you drop. The difference between me  and those other managers is... I mean it. Shit, I been cut already? Get him a uniform. C'mon, Hayes, let's do 'em right. Hey, my philosophy is no pain, no  pain. How the knees holdin' up, Jake? Great. Never been better. Mobility's good? No problem gettin'  off the throw to second? No problem. I need a catcher, Jake. Somebody who  can keep this team together on the  field. You were a helluva player  when you were sound, but around the  league they think you can't take the  pounding anymore. Around the league they're wrong. I'm gonna have to put you to the  test, ya know. So, I want the absolute  truth here. Are you 100 percent? Yeh. Would I bullshit about somethin'  like that? You better if you wanna make this  team. C'mon, Hayes, this isn't the All  Star Game. Get up to the damn plate. Well, you may run like Mays, but you  hit like shit. My stroke'll come back once I get  warmed up. Never did get warmed up last year.  Hit .211 at Maine. I looked him up. I think Mr. Hayes shows some promise.  His speed could be a big asset. You gotta stop swingin' for the fences  though, Hayes. All you're gonna do  is give yourself a hernia. With your  speed you should be hittin' the ball  on the ground, leggin' 'em out. Every  time I see you hit one in the air,  you owe me twenty pushups. Hey, no problem. Shit. Sometimes you can teach a guy to  hit. You can't teach him to run. All right, Vaughn, they tell us you're  a pitcher. Let's see what you got. Nice velocity. Sorry, Lou, I wasn't quite expectin'  that much octane. How much? 96 miles an hour. Better teach him some control before  he kills somebody. C'mon, Dorn, get in front of the  damn ball. Don't give me this ole' bullshit. I took one of these in the eye last  year. Nearly lost my sight. I'm deeply moved. Every time you  play it off your hip, you give me  forty sit-ups. What! That's Little League shit. So is this. Jesus, this guy hits a ton. How come  nobody else picked up on him? Okay, Harris, that's enough fast  balls. Throw some curves. Oh. Lou, I wanna have a word with you  here. Sure. Those penalty sit-ups you want me to  do? I got it right here in my contract  that I don't have to do any  calisthenics I don't feel are  necessary. What do ya think of that? Shit, the way I played today, I  wouldn't be surprised if they red- tagged me already. What do ya mean? Red tag in your locker means the  manager wants to see you, 'cause you  just died and went to the minors. Don't worry, they don't cut anybody  the first day. What is that stuff? Crisco, Bardahl, Vagisil. Any one of  'em will give you another 2-3 inches  drop on your curve ball. Course if it's cold and I got a shirt  on under my jersey, I just rub a  little jalapeno inside my nose and  get it runnin'. I need to load up  the ball a little, I just wipe my  nose. You put snot on the ball? At my age, you put anything you can  find on it. I haven't got an arm  like yours. What are you doin' there, Pedro? Bats. They are sick. So are mine. Is somethin' goin'  around? No hit curve ball. Straight ball,  hit it very much. Curve ball, bats  are afraid. I ask Jo-Buu to come.  Take fear from bats. Jo-Buu? Maybe he's the pagan saint of  baseball. I offer him cigars and gin. He will  come. I wouldn't leave this gin sittin'  around out here with this group. Is very bad to steal Jo-Buu's gin.  Is very bad. This is final cut down day, right? Yeh, better get your snake ready,  Hayes. No, I'm goin' cold turkey today. My  hands are too screwed up to hold it  anyway. If you're gonna use that head first  slide, you better get yourself some  gloves or you're not gonna have any  skin left on your hands. I don't wanna go in there. Whatever happens, keep it to yourself  until you're outta the locker room.  Don't celebrate in front of guys who  just died. What if we're one of the deceased? C'mon, Vaughn, let's show some nuts  here. If they cut us, we'll just  sign with the Yankees. I got news for you, Mr. Brown. You  haven't heard the last of me. You  think I'm shit now, but someday you'll  be sorry you cut me. I'm gonna catch  on somewhere else, and every time I  pitch against you, I'm gonna stick  it up your ass. Good, I like that kinda spirit in a  player. The only problem is, I didn't  cut you. What do you mean? I think somebody's been havin' fun  with you. What's the matter, little lady? Can't  you take a joke? Can I have your attention, please? I  counted up your ballots for team  captain and I think you chose the  right guy. If you hadn't, I woulda  told you he won anyway. Mr. C for  the year -- Jake Taylor. Forget about Dorn. You got other  things to do. Like what? Packing for Cleveland. I never heard of most of 'em. I don't know the majority of these  names. Two down. Bottom of the ninth. Really got all of that one. What was it? A slider? What are you gonna have? I don't know. What language is this? French. They got patty melts over there? Forget it. I'll order. Let's have a  toast. Here's to baseball, here's to the  start of two great careers, and for  me, here's to at least one more good  year in the sun. What is it? The chick? That's my wife. Does she know it? I mean she woulda been if I hadn't  screwed it up. Who's that guy she's  with? I don't know. He's not wearing a  name tag. You want me to beat the shit out of  him? No. What does she do? She's a librarian. A librarian? Shit, I gotta start  readin' again. Miss Wells, there's a telephone call  for you. Hello, Lynn. It's Jake. Just a hunch. I took you there when  you got your masters. I figure you're  probably wearing the black velvet  dress with the red sash. You look great. I'm playin' with the Indians again.  Back in the Bigs. Wait a minute. What's your number. I  tried calling you at home, but you're  not listed... Meaning what? That I don't know you  anymore? Okay, just gimme your number. Why not? Because of the guy you're  with? What is he, a banker? I'm not leavin' without your number.  You still wear those great little  tortoise-shell glasses? I always  loved it when you took them off. The number, Lynn... Thank you. I'm back, Lynn, and I'm  gonna be around. What's the number again? What is this place? Furnished apartment building owned  by the Indians. We get special rates.  With what we're makin' we'll need  it. That's it. Welcome to the Big Leagues. Hello, Cuyahoga Sheet Metal. You got anybody workin' there named  Lynn Wells? Never heard of her. Didn't think so. Take it easy. We got 162 of these to  go. All right, let's gather 'round. I'm not much for inspirational  addresses. I just wanta point out  that every newspaper in the country  has picked us to finish last. The  local press thinks we'd save everybody  a lot of time and trouble if we just  went out and shot ourselves. Me, I  like to waste sportswriters' time so  I'm for hangin' around and seein' if  we can give all these guys a nice  big shitburger to eat. Aren't we gonna have a prayer? I  mean we're not all savages like  Cerrano. You guys go ahead. I belong to the  church of three-run homers. All right, let's bow our heads. Have to wake up bats. Dear Lord, we ask... You read the Plain Dealer today?  They said this is gonna be the worst  Indian team we've had in years. As the Indians go so goes Cleveland,  huh? Hello, everybody, Harry Doyle here,  welcoming all you Friends of the  Feather to another season of Indians  baseball. A lotta new faces for the tribe this  year, as they take on the defending  American League champs, the New York  Yankees. And listen to the roar of  the crowd as the Indians takes the  field! Yes, sir, they love this club here  in Cleveland. High fly ball, centerfield. Hayes  under it now... Oh, makes a basket  catch, Willie Mays style, and the  side is retired. All right, way to look, way to look.  Nice catch, Hayes. Don't ever fuckin'  do it again. Okay, let's get it goin'! Bottom of the first, Willie Mays  Hayes to lead it off for the tribe. A lotta people say you can tell how  a season's gonna go by the first  hitter of the year. In the last  fifteen years, the Indians have never  had the season lead-off hitter reach  base. Hot shot toward the hole. Rudia knocks  it down, gets up, fires to first.  Too late! Hayes beats it! And so the string is broken. Maybe  things will turn around a little for  the Indians this year. In the land of burning waters, waters  Lurks the Injun nine, oh so fine, we  Love those mighty Redmen, Turn their  foes to dead men, Ummmmm. Showed some real power on that one,  Slugger. I plan to get at least a double out  of it. And now Hayes is putting on a pair  of black gloves, sending a little  message to the Yankees. Bought a hundred of these, one for  each base I plan to steal. Excuse  me, here, I gotta take my first step  toward the Hall of Fame. You look real sharp, but you'll never  steal second with your shoe untied. Brewster, quick move to first... He got him. Hayes is picked off. Nice base running, dildo. Hard to  get your thumb out of your ass with  the gloves on. Well, so much for that. Top of the sixth. Rookie sensation,  Ricky Vaughn, on to pitch now. You  can close the book on Winters... Easy does it, Ricky. We're only four  down. We're still in this thing. First pitch is a little high... This guy kinda wild? I figure you got a 30% chance to  survive this at bat. Ball four. Ball eight. Low, and Vaughn has walked the bases  loaded on twelve straight pitches.  By the laws of probability, you'd  think one of those coulda drifted  over the plate. Wild thing, You make my heart sing,  You walk everything. Hey, Taylor, what you doin' back up  here? Couldn't cut it in the Mexican League. Oh, shit... No, let's see how he reacts. Interesting. I think you can go get him now. So, a tough start for the Erie  warriors, as they drop a heartbreaker  to the Yankees, nine to nothing. The  Post Game Show was brought to you  by... Christ. I can't find it. The hell  with it. This is Harry Doyle saying  good night, everybody, and Happy  Hunting. God, I was horse shit tonight. Only thing you got to be sorry about  was hittin' Coleman. What? If you wanted to send a message, it  shoulda been to Haywood. He hit the  damn homer. Coleman was just picking  his nose in the on-deck circle. Forget the other stuff. It coulda  happened to anybody. Besides, Haywood  didn't hit it that good. That ball  wouldn't have been out of a lotta  parks. Oh yeh, name one. Yellowstone. Shit... I was wonderin' why you'd give an  old friend a bum phone number. I don't wanna talk in your office. Why not? What are you talkin' about? We were  both athletes, world class, hot for  each other. What more can you have  in common? So what is it? You're still sore I  never read Moby Dick? Not like what's-his-name at the  restaurant? What do ya see in this guy? That's 'cause no stewardess would  have him. Wouldn't you rather be  with somebody who's in demand? C'mon, Lynn, for Christ sake, I'm  just tryin' to loosen things up a  little. I'm gettin' frostbite here. What? That's crazy, Lynn. I got plans  for us. I was gonna play another a year or  two, then we go to Hawaii, and have  a couple kids who grow up to be  Olympic champions. I'm sorry, Lynn, but I wasn't exactly  proud of my situation. C'mon, you  didn't think about me at all since I  been gone? Remember the three nights we spent  on the beach in Vera Cruz? You have  nights like that with Mr. Briefcase? What was I supposed to do? She bet  me fifty bucks she had a better body  than you. I had to defend your honor. She's right. Take it from me, she  really does. I mean Miss Dairy Queen  has quantity, I give her that, but  the, ah, quality just isn't there. How many think Lynn oughta give me  another shot? The ayes have it. I'm afraid I have or I wouldn't be  here. C'mon, Lynn, I don't wanna do  time for things that happened years  ago. Lynn, wait... Projected over the whole season, we  stand to wind up 36 games under .500  and 28 out of first. That should be  bad enough for anybody. On how we can get worse? How about a series of fines for good  play? Maybe a $30,000 bonus to the  guy chosen Least Valuable Player. What's with this? We never leave  from this terminal. Maybe the other one's jammed up. Which one is ours? That one. What is this, Lou? Front office says it's an economy  measure, 'cause we're not drawin'  good. Well, they certainly have spared  every expense. Oh, so now you come around. He's not fooled. Call the stewardess, Vaughn. I need  one of those bags. There aren't any stewardesses. I wonder if there's any pilots. Two down, top of the ninth. Last  chance for the red and blue. Bouncing ball to second. This should  be it. Collins up with it, on to  first, and the game is over. So, the Sons of Geronimo, still  suffering a bit from propeller lag,  are nipped by the Tigers tonight, 7  to 0. The only excitement for the  tribe provided by Rick Vaughn who  set an American League record by  throwing four wild pitches in one  inning. Congratulations, Rick. For  the Tigers, 5 runs, 9 hits, and no  errors. For the Indians, one run,  and let's see, one hit. Is that all we got, one fucking hit? You can't say "fuckin'" on the air. Don't worry about it. Nobody's  listening anyway. Who you got lined up tonight? Where are we? Kansas City, right?  Gotta be Arlene You call her? Don't have to. She knows when I'm in  town. I'm about ready to turn in. I've  anesthetized my knees enough. Excuse me, Mr. Vaughn, can I have  your autograph? Ah... yeh... sure. My first autograph. I couldn't give  these away a couple weeks ago. I saw your record on the news. You  made their Hall of Shame.  Congratulations. Thanks. You're a celebrity now, Vaughn. I thought you had to do somethin'  good to be a celebrity. Not if you do it colorfully. What'd I tell ya. Hi, doll. This is Steve Harris. They cut him to make room for bristle  boy over there. Yeh. What are you talkin' about? He  couldn't find the plate if it was  magnetized. He won't last the year. Wait a minute, you're with me. Since when do I have to make a date?  Who's been showin' you this town the  last three years? Guess we're over with, eh, Dorn? Speak for yourself, Taylor. I got a  couple good years left. "Moby Dick?" What is that? It's one of the masterpieces of  American literature, that's all. Lynn put you on to this? Long time ago. Well, we're goin' to a club tonight.  You wanna come along? No, I got some more reading to do. What, you got a test or somethin'?  Why don't you just go over and see  her? Maybe she'll let you slide on a  couple of these. I might if I knew where she lives. Easy. Tail her home from the library. You mean sit in a car and wait for  her to come out? That's kinda  juvenile, don't you think? Yeh. Look, Lynn, I'm sorry I followed you  home but I wanna... Whose place is it? Who's there, love? Oh, Mr. Taylor, right? I remember you from the restaurant.  Lynn's told me a lot about you. Why  don't you come in for a while? Nah, that's o.k., I got some things  to do... No, really, come on in for a drink. Excuse me, everybody, this is Jake  Taylor. Jake, Arthur and Claire Holloway  Brent and Janice Bowden. Jake is a  professional baseball player. So, Jake, what brings you here this  evening? I, ah, just had a couple books I  wanted to discuss with Lynn. I thought  this was her place. Well, it soon will be. Yeh, I heard you guys were engaged.  Congratulations. Thank you. What can I get you to  drink? Beer'll be fine. What team do you play for, Jake? The Indians. Yeh, we have uniforms and everything.  It's really great. They're last right now, but hopefully  moving up, eh, Jake? That depends on how good they are, I  guess. I make the League minimum. What are you going to do when your  career ends? I mean you can't play  baseball forever, can you? Somethin'll come up. Will it? I don't know, I was thinkin' of goin'  to Hawaii, and having a couple of  kids who grow up to be Olympic  champions. Oh really. In what event? Swimming. Maybe the two hundred meter  Individual Medley. I figure it oughta  be big by then. You got the girl picked out? I did, but I wasn't smart enough to  hold on to her. You used to be an athlete, didn't  you, Lynn? What did you do? Alternate on the '80 Olympic Team. Well, I gotta be goin'. Nice to have  met you all. Let me walk you out. Thanks for the beer. Don't mention it. I'll let you know if I land a good  job. I know you're concerned about  it. Yeh, well, I just wanted Lynn to  know what she would've had ahead of  her. Stay away from her. Suck my dick. C'mon in, Rick. Rick, I'm not gonna beat around the  bush here. You got a great arm, one  of the best I've ever seen, but your  control hasn't come around like we  hoped it would. Now, there are a lotta pitchers that  started out wild and, after workin'  it out in the minors, for a while,  went on to great careers. Take Sandy Koufax there... What about Koufax? Never mind Koufax. Read these letters, starting at the  top. Can't read it, can you? You gonna send me to the minors? Nope. These things make me look ridiculous. Drop in the bucket, Vaughn. What's that for? Gin and cigarettes not enough for Jo- Buu. I still can no hit curva ball  for sheet. I hafta make a sacrifice  to him. Sacrifice? You mean like something  living? Si. I kill unborn children. Not while I'm here you're not. That's  murder. All right, let's hit the field. Here's looking at ya, Jo-Buu. We're in the ninth, two down, man on  first and the Indians clinging to a  one run lead. VAUGHAN, one out away  from his first major league victory... Bouncing ball, Dorn can't get to it,  into left field, base hit. Clarke  digging around second, he'll make it  to third, and the A's have runners  at the corners. No, he's come this far. Let's see if  he can finish it. Vaughn in a little trouble here, but  I'll tell ya, these Cleveland fans  are great. Listen to them get behind  Vaughn. We need some defense here. Maybe we  oughta do a wave. C'mon, Indians don't do waves. Let's  keep this thing pure. What harm could it do? Runner goes, high, Taylor has no  play. The go-ahead and potential  winning run is in scoring position. Forget the runners, Ricky, get this  guy at the plate. High ball two, and the crowd doesn't  like that call one bit. Okay, let's get nasty here, Rick.  You know he's lookin' for this pitch.  Gotta come up with somethin' studly. Fuckin' Dorn. Game shoulda been over  by now. Dorn coulda had that ball.  He tanked it on purpose. This isn't the California Penal  League, Vaughn. We're professionals  here. We don't tank a play for  personal reasons, so cut the crybaby  shit. You've pitched a helluva game.  You wanna finish it, don't ya? Can you give me a strike on this  pitch? Yeh, but I don't know if there'll be  much on it. My arm feels like jello. Just make sure it's over the plate.  I want him to swing. The last time I did that, the guy  hit one that hasn't landed yet. Don't worry, I'll take care of it. By the way, I been meaning to ask  you. Why'd you steal that car? I was bored. Next time you might think about takin'  in a movie or somethin'. Helluva situation we got goin' here,  huh, Rexman? Two on, two out, you're  down by a run in the ninth. You got  a chance to be a hero on national  television, so whatever you do, don't  blow it. They'll be callin' you a  gutless choke artist all over America. You're a free agent at the end of  the year. Not much demand for gutless  choke artists. What are you hittin'  now? .230? .240? .316. Hey, nice average. Uh oh, on second  thought, that still means you got a  seven outta ten chance of goin' in  the dumper. Shut up, will ya, Taylor? Hey, I can understand not wantin' to  talk about baseball when your nuts  are in a vice like this. By the way, I saw your wife at the  Capri Lounge last night. Hell of a  dancer. You must be very proud. But that guy she was with... I mean  I'm sure he's a close personal friend  of yours and all, but tell me... ...Why was he wearing her panties on  his head? Uh oh, Rexie, I don't think that  one's got the distance. Maybe if the  wind comes up. It's startin' to come together,  Pepper. It's startin' to come  together. Fine, Suzanne, can I have a quick  word with Rodger? Hey, Jake, old boy, what brings you  out here? I just wanta tell ya somethin', but  I didn't want to do it in front of  the whole team. Sure, go ahead. I don't know what your problem is,  but... ...if I ever see you tank another  play like you did tonight, I'll cut  off your nuts and stuff 'em down  your fuckin' throat. Why the hell are we havin' practice  during the All-Star break? I heard the Big Lady upstairs ordered  it. It's hotter than shit in here. What  happened to the air conditioning? Oh man, this old body can use a soak. Forget it. It's not workin' again. Damn it, I thought they were gonna  replace this thing. Hey, there's no hot water in here. She's at it again. I've had it with  this nickel and dime stuff. I'm gonna get the Bitch on the phone. Yeh. There aren't any towels, and I'm too  old to be diving under benches. What happened to the new whirlpool  we were supposed to get? You fixed it six times already. And  now there's no hot water in the  showers. How am I supposed to keep my players  healthy with cold water and no therapy  equipment? Over 162 games even tough guys get  sprains, sore arms, muscle pulls... In case you haven't noticed, and  judging by attendance, you haven't,  the Indians, that thought-to-be  hopeless collection of has-been's  and never-will-be's is actually  approaching the .500 mark, and with  it, semi-respectability. Nothing to  write home about, to be sure, but at  least we don't have to cover our  eyes. Ya know, they could be a lot worse. Ya know, I may have underestimated  this team a bit. Ah shit, here comes Lou. Gimme a  break, Mel. I gotta get outta here. All right, kick some dirt on me. The  Commissioner'll buy that. Right. Good idea. Hey, don't you go anywhere. I wanna  have a few words with you. What are we arguin' about here? Fucker called that a ball. You mean the one that was a foot  outside? Yeh. You still got that great kick. Just  like the first time I ever saw you. Yeh, what did you want to see me  about? You wouldn't have been at the game  if you didn't want to see me about  something. How was I? I'll try that. You wanna have some  dinner? Right. I forgot your life is different  now. Anytime. Whose place are we at this time? Yeh. When I saw you at the game, I  figured you wanted to see me about  something. How was I? I'll try that. Goin' uptown, huh? You think I can't lead a regular  life? That was a hoax. The girl was just  trying to get some publicity. I was drownin', Lynn. The endorsements  were dryin' up, my knees were goin',  they were talkin' about sendin' me  down. I was just trying to hold on  to somethin', prove to myself I was  still an All-Star. I don't care about  that anymore. I know I don't have  much time left in baseball. I'm just  a guy trying to put his life back  together. Thinkin' about you was the  only thing that kept me goin' in  Mexico. I guess this is our last hurrah then. Cover to cover. When's the wedding? Your mom and dad like this guy? Gonna be a big wedding? Where? I mean the wedding. Nice church. Nobody. It was Queequeg's coffin. Am  I invited? To the wedding. Lynn? The zipper on your skirt is stuck. Maybe you just have to accept the  fact that they're not as bad as you'd  hoped. What's left to do? You've taken away  everything you can. Memo says we'll only be usin' this  for short trips. Good thing we don't play anybody in  Europe. Can I borrow one of those, man? They  don't have any magazines on this  bus. Sure, go ahead. I think my reading  days are over. Macbeth. This a good one? These are all Hall of Famers. I'll trade you Song of Hiawatha for  The Deerslayer. Naw, I'm not into Song of Hiawatha. All right then, how about Crime and  Punishment? Yeh, that sounds pretty good. That's  a detective story, right? Yeh. This is it. The Sheffield Arms. I don't know if we can survive any  more of these economy measures. So, Ricky Vaughn, roughed up in his  only other appearance against the  Yankees, will see what he can do  with the Bronx Bombers this time.  Vaughn, after a slow start, has come  on lately and now leads the American  League in strikeouts with 221. Hey, jailbird! C'mon, Rick baby, settle down. What's the problem, Rick? You're  throwin' basketballs up there. That  guy in the dugout botherin' you? Naw, I'm all right. Forget him. Worry about the guys  carryin' bats. C'mon, Ricky, let's  get nasty. I thought now that Vaughn had some  control, he was ready for the Yankees. So, Vaughn pitches in some tough  luck here as the Yankees put together  as few squib hits and take a 6-0  lead. Well, the Indians made a gallant  comeback today, but fell one run  short as the Yankees held on for a 6- 5 victory, although they didn't do  squat after the first inning. Anyway,  if the bus makes it here from the  hotel we'll be on at 7:30 tomorrow  night. Till then, this is Harry Doyle,  saying so long, everybody, and Happy  Hunting. Mind if I join you? Donovan. Hell no. What are you doin'  here? Just wanted to get out on the road.  You damn near pulled one out today. Someday we'll figure out how to beat  those guys. Ya know, you've done a helluva job  this year. Sixty and sixty-one is hardly a  helluva job. With this club it is. Ya know, when I first got to camp I  figured this team had no chance. I  was just hopin' we'd win enough that  I could stay on and really start to  build something here. But there's a  lotta talent on this club, Charlie.  The veterans are starting to play  back to form and the rookies are  developing faster than I thought.  There's two or three potential all- stars in there. I think we're a first  division team right now. You really believe that, don't you? I know it. All we need is something  to bring it all together. Rachel Phelps would never allow that. What do you mean? She doesn't want you in the first  division. She doesn't even want you  in Cleveland. I got somethin' I think you oughta  know about. I wouldn't have known  about it myself if Charlie Donovan  hadn't told me, although I shoulda  guessed it from everything that's  happened. It seems that Mrs. Phelps  doesn't think too highly of our worth. She put this team together because  she thought we'd be bad enough to  finish dead last, knockin' attendance  down to the point where she could  move the team to Miami. And get rid of all of us for better  personnel. Even me? Even you, Dorn. In other words, Phelps thinks we're  all dinks. That we don't belong in  the big leagues. That's about it. What if we don't finish last? She'll replace you with somebody who  will. After this season, you'll all  be sent back to the minors or given  your outright release. So, all we're gonna get is this one  year. I don't know about the rest of you,  but I've been playin' baseball since  I was five years old. I've had some  good years and some years to forget.  I've burned out my knees... I don't  think I have three fingers that work  right... I've lost most of the money  I made and baseball has messed up my  personal life from time to time. But  I know one thing... I can still play  this game a little. And I'd like to  know who in this room thinks they're  the kinda bum Mrs. Phelps is lookin'  for? Well, then, I guess there's only one  thing to do. What's that? Win the whole fuckin' thing. I figure it's gonna take 32 more  victories to win this thing. Every  time we win, we peel a square. You remember bra burning in the '70's,  well, the newest thing in Cleveland  is doormat burning as Indian fans  are standing up and saying "We won't  be stepped on anymore". Hello, do you know us? We're a Major League baseball team,  but since we haven't won a pennant  in thirty years, nobody recognizes  us, not even in our own hometown. That's why we carry the American  Express card. No matter how far out  of first we are, it keeps us from  getting shut out at our favorite  hotels and restaurants. So if you're looking for some big  league clout, apply for the little  green home run hitter. Look what it's done for us. People  still don't recognize us, but... ...we're in the first division now. The American Express card. Don't  steal home without it. We interrupt this program to bring  you the following special bulletin. Good evening, everybody. The  incredible has happened. The Indians  have finished the regular season in  a first place tie with the New York  Yankees on the strength of a 4-2 win  over the Tigers in Detroit today.  There will be a one-game playoff  here in Cleveland the day after  tomorrow to decide the Eastern  Division Championship, the Indians  having won the coin flip held just  moments ago in the American League  office. We'll have further details  on the news at 11, but for now, get  your tomahawks ready, Cleveland. Hey, not bad for a has-been and a  never-will-be. We haven't won anything yet. We still  got one more to go. Hey, Taylor, there's a coupla drop- dead Annies outside. One of 'em says  she used to know you pretty good.  Brunette, great rack... Darla. Yeh. What doya say we chat 'em up? I don't know... C'mon, you're not gonna keep moonin'  over that library chick, are you?  Forget her, she's gone. The Indians are spending the night  in Detroit and will bus back to  Cleveland in the morning. We're going  to go back now to Ross Farmer who's  standing by at the Hotel Stanley  where the Indians are staying in  Detroit. Ross? Thank you, Hal. As you can see, the  Indians are in high spirits tonight,  looking forward to their showdown  with the Yankees. Who will start  that game is still a matter of some  conjecture. No, I had to sell it. Not after your knees go bad. Darla, I don't think I can do this. I guess I'm just not that guy anymore. Lynn, wait... You wanted to see me? Yeh, Rick. I just wanted to tell you  that I'm startin' Harris tomorrow  against the Yankees, even though  it's your turn in the rotation. He's got more experience and a little  better record against the Yankees. Yeh, sure. Whatever's best for the  team. Don't read anything into it, Rick.  You're one of the guys that got us  here. Yeh, okay. You mind if I join you? I don't think I'd be very good company  tonight. Nothin'. Job problem. I'm, ah, a ball player. Why did you come over then? Where you goin'? I didn't even get your name. Suzanne Dorn? Hello, Suzanne. Vaughn? I swear to God I didn't know who she  was. You look beautiful. I can't stay. We gotta get to the park. Yeh, you too. Tell me one thing. The night you  came up to my hotel -- was there  really a library conference? Too bad it didn't work out better. I  just wanna say I'm sorry for all the  things I've put you through over the  years. Can't be sorry for that. Nothing  happened. I didn't have to. She knew she was  outclassed. I wanted to hand in my resignation  before you had a chance to fire me. I know what you been tryin' to do  with this team. After the season, I  want no part of it. Why would you want him to tell  somebody? You tryin' to make me believe you  wanted us to win all along? Bullshit. What about the plane, the  bus, the bad hotels... Why should I believe any of this?  Now that we're winnin' it's easy for  you to jump on the bandwagon. I don't know what Dorn's wife is up  to, but I think it'd be best if you  dressed early and got out to the  bullpen before Dorn comes in. We got a problem. Cerrano wants some  extra power for tonight. He's lookin'  to sacrifice a live chicken. We can't  have people pukin' in the locker  room before the game. Tell him not to worry, I'll take  care of it. Bye bye, honey, wish me luck. Here's your bourbon. Won't need it tonight. You know where Vaughn is? Nope. Haven't seen him. Let me know if you do. I wanna have  a little talk with him. Where's my chicken? It's comin' in now. One whole chicken, like you said. But it no alive. Believe me, Jo-Buu will like this.  He's gotta be gettin' tired of raw  chicken. Hello, everybody, Harry Doyle bidding  you a Wahoo welcome from beautiful  Municipal Stadium, where tonight  before a capacity crowd of 75,000  screaming featherheads, the braves  of the Cuyahoga will leave their  teepees in search of Cleveland's  first League Championship in over 30  years. Standing in the way, their  long time nemesis, the New York  Yankees, the Big Boys of Broadway,  who have beaten the Indians like a  tom-tom all year long. All right, guys, let's take it to  'em. Still nothing -- nothing, top of the  seventh, two down. Harris has been  in trouble all night, but has battled  his way out with the help of some  great defensive plays. Uh oh, this one's tagged. Deep center  field. Way back. Way back. It's off the reservation, home run.  And the Yankees lead it 2-0. Dorn up now, two down, bottom of the  seventh. The Indians running out of  chances. That'll bring on Cerrano, hitless  tonight. As a matter of fact, he  hasn't touched the ball yet. Damn, havin' trouble with the curve  ball again. We should've gotten him a live  chicken. I pissed off now, Jo-Buu. I good to  you, I stand up for you. If you no  help me now, I say fuck you, Jo-Buu.  I do it myself. Long drive, deep centerfield. Way  back. It might be. It could be. The  ball is... Downtown, welcome to the  Happy Hunting Ground. The game is  tied. Two down in the top of the ninth,  still tied at 2, Harris working on  an eight-hitter. Activity continues in the pen, as  Harris is really digging himself a  hole now. He got the first two  hitters, and then gave up a single  and a double and has now gone 3-0 to  Cheevers. High, ball four and they're loaded  for Haywood, the biggest Indian killer  of them all. You pitched a hell of a game, Steve.  Take a seat and we'll see if we can  get this guy for ya. Give me Vaughn. You want Vaughn? I know he hasn't done real well  against this guy, but I got a hunch  he's due. Okay, Ricky, Haywood likes the hard  stuff in. Curve him on the hands,  bust him away, and don't get up with  anything. You listenin' to me Rick? O.K., kid, you're my man. Let's go  get him. C'mon Ricky, this guy is the out you  been waitin' your whole life for. O.K. Vaughn has finished his warmup  and we're ready to... Oh, shit. Let's cut through the crap. I only  got one thing to say to you. Just  rear back and strike this motherfucker  out. Haywood steps in, the American League  triple crown winner. .341 average,  48 homers, 121 R.B.I.'s. He's homered  the only two times he's faced Vaughn. All right, Ricky, let's get nasty. All right, looks like the boy is  pumped. Sucker was movin', wasn't  it? Ever hit ya, it'd leave a two  foot hole comin' out. Let's see, what should we call now.  Let's see how he feels about old  number one. Nice swing, Haywood. Good follow- through. Keep it up, I'll show you  the ball sometime. Forget the curveball. Go with the  heater. Well, shit, all these pitches to  choose from. Maybe we'll try somethin'  different this time. And if I don't see you again, Haywood,  have a nice winter. Okay, buddy? Oh, Lordy, three straight heaters  and the Yankees are blown down. No  runs, two hits, three left on, and,  are you ready, Cleveland? We go to  the bottom of the ninth, still tied  at two. Can you believe this, Monty? Two down in the ninth, Hayes steps  in hitting .291, trying to get  something going for the Tribe. And Horton is wasting no time. He's  goin' to the Duke. Duke leads the league in saves,  strikeouts per inning and nose hairs. Ya know I'd be an ass not to pinch- hit for you here. You're 0 for 18  against Duke. Plus you're beat to  shit you can hardly walk, there's no  way you can get around on this guy's  fast ball. So I want the absolute  truth here. Can you beat this guy? Yeh. Okay. Send Hayes the first pitch. I don't  want Taylor takin' too many strikes. Flashing some signals. That's a hell  of an idea. What's this? Taylor is pointing to  the bleachers, calling his shot. Unbelievable. They're on their feet  here, stomping, clapping. C'mon,  join in wherever you are out there.  Let's hear you, Cleveland. Hayes is gonna try to score! Here  comes the throw. He slides. He is... ...Safe. The Indians win it. The  Indians win. Oh my God, the Indians  win it!! 