Ellie...God doesn't do things like that. I know you loved y'brother, but-- They do it to honor the dead, Ellen. Well, it still says some animal got laid down here after, don't it? It's a place where the dead speak, Missy. Do you know what this place is, Ellie? Oh, I know you know it's a boneyard, but a bone ain't nothing and even a whole pile of 'em don't amount to much. Do you know what a graveyard really is? Ayuh. Best never to go climbing on old blowdowns like this, Ellie--sometimes they bite. You'll see soon enough, hon. And now you live on Route 9 in Ludlow, and your dad's gonna be the new doctor up to the college, I hear, and I think you're going to be just as happy as a clam here, Ellen Creed. Who might you be, little Miss? Ayuh, I think 'twas. If I see Louis come home before I go to bed, I'll tell him to-- No--but if he drops by, I'll tell him to call you. Well, but Missus Creed! It ain't quite that way, deah! Same here. Come over and visit when you get the chance. No harm, no foul. But you want to watch out for that road. Those damn trucks go back and forth all day and most of the night. Jud Crandall. I live just across the road. Why...that sometimes dead is better. That's all. Sometimes dead is better. And because the dead walked. I know the Micmacs thought it was a holy place...and then they thought it was a cursed place. That's why they moved on. Ayuh--it's a mess, all right. --but I think the thought has crossed your mind. You're thinking of things best not thought of, Louis. Louis-- Your father-in-law packs a wallop, for an old guy. He and his wife gone back to Chicago? Nope. He's your cat now. Ayuh...how is your cat, Louis? Poor Missy. God, I was sorry to hear. I remember when she was no older'n Ellen there, walking down to the store with her Raggedy Anne doll draggin' behind her in the dust. I don't know why God takes someone like her, who should have a bunch of years still in front of them, and lets an old shit like me just go on and on. Out of the mouths of babes, Louis. Rachel not feeling well? Ellie's a little scared of death. And the main reason Ellie's that way is because your wife is a lot scared of death. Now you just go ahead and tell me I'm wrong. A man doesn't always know why he does things, Louis. I think I did it because your daughter ain't ready for her favorite pet to die. She got used to the idea. Spot lived another four years. He died peacefully in the night that second time, and I buried him in the Pet Sematary...where his bones still lie. Why, then, things should be fine. Well, she was a little upset at first, and that's why I thought you ought to hold your peace when you talked to your people last night...you did, didn't you, Louis? Stanny B. did for me what I did for you last night, Louis. Only I wasn't alone when Spot came back. Spirit of the north country. Not a good spirit. Wendigos are great liars and tricksters, according to the stories. And if one touches you... They buried their dead and for a long time their dead stayed buried. Then something happened. Half the tribe died in a season. The rest moved on. They said a Wendigo had soured the ground. I guess it wouldn't hurt. Ayuh. It was the rag-man told me about the place--Stanley Bouchard. Us kids just called him Stanny B. He was half Micmac himself. Wouldn't wash? Why, saved a little girl from being unhappy...that's all. Drink up, Louis! I most generally don't start before noon, but this looks like an exception. No buts! Accept what's done, Louis. What we done was right. Another time it might not be, but tonight it was... at least I hope to Christ it was. Now you make your call...but not a word about tonight. Because it's right. Don't worry about that. Your cairn. Soil's thin, all right. But you'll manage. You want to rest a bit before you start? I had my reasons, Louis. We'll talk later. All right? The Micmac Indians. I brought you here to bury Ellen's cat. This was their burying ground, Louis. This time I mean it. Almost there, Louis. Just don't stop, Louis. You don't ever want to stop down here in Little God. And you don't ever want to look behind you, whatever you hear. There's a lot of funny things down this way, Louis. Ayuh. Micmacs used to call it Little God Swamp. You'll see before long. Let's go. No, you shouldn't have stopped. But you got away with it. Important thing is are you sure you're all right? Give me the cat. I'll take care of it myself. No. We won't. I have climbed it a time or two before, and I know all the places to step. Just follow me...move easy...don't look down...and don't stop. If you stop, you'll crash through for sure. The place we're going is on the other side of that. We're still not where we're going. What say, Louis? Then come on. Does she love the cat? It's going to be dark before we even get where we're going, Louis. But we can do it...and we're going to. No need to apologize. Seems like you told me about a promise you made-- Going to tell Ellie? You going to bury him in the Pet Sematary? Loved that cat pretty well, didn't she? I'm sorry. At least it don't look like he suffered. Well, there's a dead cat over here on the edge of my lawn, Louis. I think it might be your daughter's. Did you tell me Rachel took the kids back to Chicago for a few days? Me neither. But I believe in knowing your enemy. No--not right out loud. Their stones speak...or their markers. Even if the marker ain't nothing but a tin can someone wrote on with a Magic Marker, it speaks. Ain't that so, Louis? Ayuh--they get older as you go toward the middle. Pete LaVasseur's dog is buried there... the Stoppard boys' racing pigeon that Missus Cowley's cat got...and I think that's the cat himself right there, although it's been so many years I can't tell for sure. Missy Ellen! Come over here just a minute! Aw, you'll be okay. Less than a mile. Nope. The Micmac Indians. What's up ahead is all that's left of their tribal lands. You folks ready to go on? That road--and those Orinco trucks-- are the two main reasons it's there. I like rock and roll. No...I guess that's too mild. I love it. Since my ears started to die out on me, it's the only music I can really hear. And since my wife died...I dunno, some- times a little rock and roll fills up night. Not always, but sometimes. One more time--welcome to Ludlow. Hope your time here will be a happy one. The Eat A Peach album. God, they were good before drugs and bad luck caught up with them. Listen to this, Louis. Allman Brothers. Ain't it just? The man who invented beer, Louis, that man was having a prime day for himself. Good for you. You need a glass? Movin' in's mighty thirsty work. I usually sit out on my porch of an evening and pour a couple of beers over m'dinner. Come on over and join me, if you want.I swear. I'll be there in three days--four at the most. I've got to get the electricity shut off and square things with your school so the truant officer ain't after you, and-- Be good to your mother, darlin'. She needs you. Ellie-- Because your mother and I need the rest, sugar. Now buzz. I'm sure you're not. Then you have faith in that. But we don't know it will be; after all, some crazed chair-burglar might break in while we're away and steal it, right? Well, here we are, sitting in my chair. Do you think my chair will be here tomorrow? Oh, faith's a little more than just believing. I think we go on. I'm not sure what happens after we die, but yeah-- I have faith in that. Well, it's actually reincarnation, but you get the idea. And some people think we just wink out...like a candle flame when the wind blows hard. I don't know, honey. Different people believe all sorts of different things happen to us when we die. Some believe in heaven or hell. Some think we're born again as little children-- But don't you dare say that. Well, I think Michael McDowell is so full of shit he probably squeaks when he walks, my dear. What's up, sugar? Huh? Ellie? What's wrong? That's enough, Ellen. I've noticed it, too. I'll cough up the money, Ellen. I know. Yes. Yes...I guess so. He was sleeping on the front porch when I left. Yeah, I know...how are things out there in Chicagoland? Good God! Where'd you hear that? Lovey...Church might be still alive when you're in a high school...and that's a very long time. Well, it's always better to take precautions--but I'm sure Church will be all right, honey... And that someone cared enough about that animal to mark the spot. For a little while. Have you got a death-wish, Ellen? No-I guess not. Anyone who can scream that loud isn't ready for intensive care just yet-- looks like she just skinned her knee. Yes. I'll bite--what's the bottom of the truth, Jud? Because something called a wendigo soured the ground. Shit! Look at this mess! I'm thinking about going to bed. Jud, I buried my son today and I'm very tired. I wonder if we could just-- No...squatting out there at the Holiday Inn like a couple of vultures. He really thinks Rachel's going to go back with them. Her and Ellie. It's Ellie's cat. My father used to have a saying, Jud-- "God sees the truth, but waits." This babe has said enough. Well...a touch of the flu... What? A little upset is all she was? Because I'll tell you, Jud, my brains feel a little like a nuclear reactor on the edge of a meltdown. Yes. You and this old Indian rag-man-- Wendigo? Can I have another one? No. I'm a doctor. I know death when I see it, and Church was dead. He smells horrible and he uses his claws, but he's alive...and I feel like I'm going crazy. It was that place, wasn't it? I tried to tell myself I buried him alive. You know--Edgar Allan Poe meets Felix the Cat. But... What did we do, Jud? But-- Jud, why am I doing all this? Doesn't look like they last long. What are those for? No, I'm okay. Will I really be able to dig him a grave? The soil looks thin. I guess so...but... Why? For God's sake, why? Whose burying ground? You keep saying that. It's funny, all right. You're telling me. Is there quicksand? Yes. Where are we going, Jud? I'm not climbing that. We can't climb over that. We'll break our necks! What do you mean? Nothing. Do we plant him on the outer circle or start a new one? Yes, but-- But-- Jud, this is crazy. It's going to be almost dark before we get back. Maybe when they call I'll just tell Ellie I haven't seen the damn cat around. You know? I don't know. Bagged cat. What a mess. Yes. Ellie will, though. She'll suffer plenty. It's Church. Church? Oh. Oh, Jesus. For Ellie's birthday, yes. I didn't go because her old man thinks I'm a shit and the feeling is heartily re- ciprocated...they'll be back tomorrow night. Jud, what's this about? My wife is not crazy about cemeteries of any kind. As you may have noticed. I think it is so, Ellie. I can hardly read these. Not yet...how much further is it? Who owns the woods up ahead? Paper companies? Sure. What's at the end of it? The one that goes into the woods--sure. Nice. What? What were you listening to? God, that's fine. Not at all. Well, maybe I---- Hey--they actually found the place! Don't talk like an asshole even if you are just a bit of underdone potato or a blot of mustard. I'll tell you where the ground is sour--the ground in my heart is sour. Let me tell you something else, Vic-baby: Wrong is wrong. You don't understand-- Leave me alone! Please, I want to wake up. Leave me alone. It's not my fault you died; you were as good as dead when they brought you in-- I want to wake up. I want to wake up, that's all. I-- I'm sure. I told you last night--this can be the start of patching things up with your folks. If something good doesn't come of Gage's death, I think I'll go crazy. You better get going, hon. You're doing fine. Yes, I guess I do. That's forgotten. I thought maybe you did. I know you don't approve of the subject being raised-- Good d-- Getting there. Oh, you're welcome. Only if some- thing should go wrong while he's under the gas--it's a one-in-a-thousand shot, but it happens--you explain to her. Well, honey...you know that... And Church will be fine. I just said-- According to what Mr. Crandall says, the road's a lot more dangerous than the operation. Church will be just the same. Well--almost the same--and we won't have to worry about him getting turned into catburgers by one of those damn Orinco trucks. Jesus, Rachel, what's got into you? She was a little over-excited, that's all. Poor kid. I think it's rather extraordinary. My God! Did you see his shirt? Well, I've got a million questions about the area, and--- I don't have the slightest idea. When I saw the house, this field was under four feet of snow. The movers-- Yes--thanks. I'm Louis Creed. Jesus, the road! And Buckaroo Banzai. Let her go. It's cool.