We have records. We have proof. I'm sorry to be the one to have to tell you this, but it's going to get worse. Now, if I were you, I would take that fellowship. Because he's guilty. Don't let your father's business infect your life. Well, take a look around the house. Is everything nice, but not too nice? Are there lots of, uh, rugs, pieces of art, stereo equipment, uh, furniture, a lot of things bought with cash? Does he give a lot of gifts? Do the major items in your house cover around the nine thousand-dollar range? Look, why don't you check it out for yourself? See if your father fits the profile. We believe that your father operates in a large pool of cash that comes from phoney billings, phoney patients. We've been investigating him for five years. We believe that when they die, he takes their money.Why would you stay so long with an operation that is so clearly not a growth enterprise? Hmmm. Your income, Mr Court, hasn't changed substantially in seventeen years. The, uh, Cynthia Branson estate was worth how much? Because her family... And your former wife. Mr Court, be aware that we will be contacting a number of your business associates... So you refuse to answer my questions? Understanding the following rights...You're sure? Okay, thanks. I'm sorry, but they turned down your card. Thanks, I like yours too. Excellent. Good for her. For going to school? Is it a gift for your wife? Are you getting a set together?I dream about it. I've forgotten what I was going to say... okay, okay, I remember. Let him do what he wants. You know I just sit here listening, and you never let me talk. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. You're an inspiration Lloyd; you should go on the seven hundred club or something. Lloyd, it's us. I told him to be himself. Meaning? I wouldn't get my hopes up Lloyd. Trapped in the body of a gameshow hostess. He wants to leave things on a good note. Come on, it's graduation. Lloyd, why do you have to be like this? Visit her at the home. Look, why don't you just call Diane again? Lloyd, she's being difficult.You're freaking out here man. Man, you're bringing me down! Man, you never had a chance with a girl like that. Man, all you gotta do is find a girl who looks just like her, nail her, and then dump her man, get her off your mind.PAIN! No my brother, you have to go buy your own. YEAH! Yeah.Taking care of people isn't a growth enterprise, Mr Sims. I hope you write that down in your report, I'd like your bosses to read it. That's right. What family? We never heard from them. I sold her house for them, made them money. This evening is over. Just come down to my place of business, for god's sake. I have people here. Speak with my lawyer. Jesus. What, I live in a palace, right? I have guests here. Yeah, I don't want it. Um, thank you very much. You're very kind. Keep it. Oh yeah, let me give you another card. Listen, I don't know your name, but what are you doing for lunch? I'll take the whole set. Yeah, she won a fellowship. No, I'm not married. It's for my daughter. Hi. Hi. Don't say that, it's not good for you. You're... Take it easy how mad you make me, I'm the only dad you've got. That's right, work it out. Why are you being so hateful to me? Is this because of Lloyd? Alright, alright. Go ahead. When I'm old, give me someone like me, but go ahead. I made their lives better. No, you don't know what it is. It's not for me. This money's for you, for when you come back from England with honors to set you up, so you don't have to depend on anybody again. Diane, I take better care of these people than their families do. I care for them, I give them flowers, I feed them, I wipe their mouths... You think you know what this money is? Honey, about what? Honey, it's not what you think. I swear to god. Honey! Sweetheart, no. Don't be ridiculous. What happened to you? Just finishing up in here. Well then don't pick it up. You know what's best. 'I like him'? Diane, I'm talking about being honest with people, being decent... Diane, I'm not asking you to sever all relations with the boy. Give him a present, here, let him know you still care. Give him this pen. Diane, you owe it to yourself to get on that plane with no attachments, no strings, because after you get over there, things are going to change. People change. Well listen to me. Now, I know you like him, I know he's nothing like those frat kids you can't stand, but honey, after the excitement wears off, then what, huh? What are you going to talk about? What do you have in common? You're going to be part of an international think-tank, and he's going to be kicking punching bags. Do you love him? Diane! Alright, let's stop this right now. Let's not put our energy into something ridiculous. This isn't even smart thinking. Bon voyage. You're going. You're going. Did he ever get rough with you? Sit down. Lloyd? Do you wanna make things easier on me? Now tell me where you were because this is, this is bullshit. You can say anything to me, I hope you still know that. You've always called before, always. Now I'm not asking what you did, I just want to know that you're alright. You bet you should have called. You still live at home. Don't make me call the police at three-thirty in the morning, don't make me call hospitals. You should be. Morning. Oh yeah. There was, uh, somebody on the plane worked in a recording studio, and, uh, we got this telephone call, this guy is making a sound effects record, and he'd gotten our address and he wanted to know if he could come over and record her scream. So anyway, these two federal marshals meet the plane, and they take our address, and they ask us never to fly with 'Friendly Skies' again. Which they did. Let me finish. So anyway, they closed the doors, and she starts to scream. I've never in my life heard anyone scream quite like that. Crash paranoia. Well, let me start it. I'm flying down to Los Angeles on business, and I decide to take her on her first aeroplane. Now why can't I tell the story? She's not the world's greatest flyer, let me tell you. When she was eight years old, she... Goodnight. Well, I don't think he's really been embarrassed by it. Wait a minute. How was Lloyd? Morning honey. No, listen to me. You're the best in the country, don't you understand? It's like a pyramid. It starts out with everybody, and it narrows through your life and through everything, and all the hoopla and the competition narrows it down to one brilliant person who is so special that they celebrate you on two continents. And it's you. So tell me something, where's the flaw in that? There is no flaw. We'll worry about that later. Now come on, tell me that you're special. You're going to take a big step, a big leap, and before you do, I just want one thing from you, miss. You stand up straight and admit you're special. You won it. You're going to study at the finest institute at England, the toughest fellowship in the country, and you won. No, no, just listen. You won the Wreath fellowship. I just had a phone call. I love you too honey. I'm sorry. Diane, in a million years, you could never be a... priss. It's all working out for you honey, don't you see? It's all working out, just like we planned. All the years of summer school, all the vacations you gave up, it's all working out just the way we planned... No, wait a minute. Everybody thinks you're what? They really applauded you today honey. Now this is the only thing your mother ever gave me that I kept. Now it's yours. Go ahead, open it. Well, since I'm not only your father, I'm also your friend; I had to get you two presents. Okay, I promise I will. Just come here a minute, I want to show you something. Ha! Okay. Oh no, no, it's... it's wonderful. It's... no, don't worry about it. You're very funny. Go back, that's great! Oh yeah! Ha! Go back! What a great line! Why? It's fine. It's nice. Just her name. She can't still be angry at this, it's gotta get better. "You can't know the horrible disappointment I feel..." I'm incarcerated, Lloyd! I don't deserve to lose my daughter over this. I don't deserve to have you as my go-between. And I can't for the life of me figure out how she could choose to champion in mediocrity the way she flirts around you. You're not a permanent part of her life. You're a distraction. Very talented. She's very successful. Well Lloyd, I admire you for not hitching a ride. You know, my daughter's a lot different to you. Are you? Are you going to England with her Lloyd? Go ahead, pick it up if you want. No, really. Seriously, Lloyd. Yeah Lloyd. What are your plans for the future? Well, we pay for the [?]. That guy didn't want to part with it, a little matter of nine thousand dollars. Thanks Lloyd. Yeah. Honey? Fine Lloyd. Hello Lloyd. Jim Court... no, this is her father. I'll take... Yeah, she is. Good luck. What? Okay, I'll give here the message. Why don't I just get your phone number, that's usually how it works. The truck? The guy with the Datsun? Is this the guy with the Mustang? Sorry, Diane isn't here at the moment. Jim Court?Dude, I can't do it! Your car? Dude, why do you think I keep her tapes? They're going to be valuable some day. So what's up?I'll be home soon. Hello Constance. It's me, Lloyd... nothing, I'm just driving around... she broke up with me... what do I do? Can't she come back? How can I get her back?... I can't think, talk to me... I fucked up... I feel like crying... she gave me a pen. I gave her my heart and she gave me a pen. No, no, don't go in there. I'll be in my office. You're tough, J-man. Yeah. Look, I'm really sorry that Mom and Dad made you take me in. Really. If it's such a big deal, I'll go. But remember this, it used to be fun. It used to be warped, twisted and hilarious, and I mean that in the best possible way, I mean it as a compliment. I mean, I'm sorry T-I-M left you. But I am not T-I-M. Jesus Christ. I get in a good mood. How hard is it just to decide to be in a good mood, and then be in a good mood? Good thing there's not a red line on you, J-man. YEAH! How do you know how to draw the red line anyway? Hey, bad throat, huh J-man? It's no problem. I called Mom and Dad in Germany; it's like they were there. Hey, sis. If she wants me, she can come to me. I am. I draw the line at seven un-returned phone calls. Read it. I already did. Alright. So, what's your point? Alright, alright, alright, calm down, alright, calm down. Nothing's different. I admit nothing. See you tomorrow. Hang in there, man. Wait for me for when I get round to the front. Please? COREY Alright. Alright, Okay, here. Please? C'mon, just do it. Do me a favor; take a picture of me with her. Look at those eyes. Sounds great to me, I'm going to call her, that's what's cool about her. I'm gonna call her. What's a scam? Yes I did- I sat across from her in a mall. We ate together. We ate, that's eating, sharing an important physical event. The movies are a good second date, you know, as a date? 'Cause I'm a guy, I have pride. I'm not going back there. I don't even know who you're talking about. That was a mistake. The rain on my car is a baptism. The new me. Iceman, power Lloyd. My assault on the world begins now. Believe in myself, answer to no one... You probably got it all figured out, Corey. If you start out depressed, everything's kind of a pleasant surprise. I'm going to take out Diane Court again. No. You just described every great success story. Alright, it's alright. How's it going? Alright, personalised flight care from Corey. Books, cassettes, magazines, anything? Right, I'm just going to keep talking until that ding happens, which is going to be soon. So when you hear the smoking sign go 'ding', you know everything's going to be okay. Alright, high level air safety tips. If anything happens, it'll usually be in the first five minutes of the flight, right? Okay, good, this is all very noble. One more time would be nice. What? Hurt me again? Not a chance, don't worry about it. You do? What do you want? What do you want? Then don't do it. What is that? What are you doing with your hands? Talk to me, you're talking like that girl Sheila. What, I'm sorry I said that. Forget I said it, it's what I thought I meant, but forget it. You told your dad? Did you tell anybody? She figured it out. I'm sorry if that upsets you. Did you talk to Corey? Is this because of your dad? You shared it with a dick. Yeah you do. I feel like a dick. You must think I'm a dick. Well, if we're friends, why can't we see each other? It sounded like you did. 'Cause I'm worried, did you just break up with me? Okay, what did we just decide? Okay. It's good knowing this. Okay, how much time do you need? I mean, you know, I mean you'll be leaving in a little while, so that's answered some questions. You need to study? What's wrong? Say what? What? This is a good level, isn't it? I was just going to tell you that I love you. I said it. How do you know what I'm going to say? I've never sent a letter like that, you know? I mean, I felt like I wanted to tell you something, but I didn't put it in the letter, and I didn't say it, but I want to say it now, I'm not sure if I should say it, you know, 'cause people always say it and don't mean it, but I think that I mean it, so, um, I just wanted to tell you... Why didn't you tell me? It did? Check your mail tomorrow. I sent you a letter, a letter. I don't know. I'm happy. I don't think I am. I don't think so. No. Are you comfortable? Let's get outta here. You want to? Well no, it's not noble, but it's a good aid to your lesson. Now, go into second. Little more gas... Yeah! You can get this whole problem. Now, maybe you downshift to first? Little more gas. Ease it up. Hold on- minor setback. Now you feel confident, right? Yeah, a little bit. Listen, this is important. When you feel it start to give, put the clutch in. Okay, this is important... If you'll just maybe ease it into second. Yeah. Now, when you feel like you're confident,... You know how it'll come out and feel... y'know... little more, little more... Yeah, yeah, that's right. Go round just at first, keep it in first, just feel it. Yeah, just keep going first, keep going around. Get the feel of it, feel the clutch, when you put it in a little? Yeah. With potential. Don't worry about it. We're just having coffee. We'll be anti- social. No. It's okay, everybody does that. What did you say? Wait, wait. You told her about me? Okay. I'll see you there. Bye. Okay, bye, I will. Really? Um... I... well... you're really turning me around here, Well, except for one thing. I used to work at a smorgasbord, and, and the old people would flock there, and, and they loved to eat. And they just jammed their mouths, you know? The used to eat with their mouths open, and you know, it's just too much for me. You get to be thinking about how short life is, and how maybe, maybe has no meaning because you wake up and you're frying burgers Me? Sure I do. Won't you see me later? After work? Oh. Mmmm. I think you should wear that. Nice one. Boy, this is a mother dictionary. Yeah. Today is tomorrow. Sixteen weeks is a long time. So am I. I want to see you again. I want to see you as much as I can before you leave. I said it. Job? Being a great date. Basic. Hmmm. What? Twisted? Watch out for that glass. Sure I do. It's just you and your dad, right? That's cool then. They knew of you. Now they know you. Mine say stuff like "Lloyd, see you around maybe" Have a good sleep. I hereby surrender my duties as keymaster, give me a beer. It's the worst job since keymaster. So we can finally talk? No. Yeah, I have to judge who can drive home and who can't. I have to keep their keys. No. They're Bavarian Death style pretzels. Yeah Whoa. Goodbye. Eight. Eight O' clock. Alright. This is really great. Alright, we're going out. It's a date. It's a scam. Whatever, whatever, alright, I'll pick you up at what, eight O' clock? You will? Excellent, alright, this is great. You will, really? Pardon me? No tips. I won't give you any tips of any kind. Y'know, you're not in England yet, you know that of course, and by the way, I want to just tell you that I lived in England for a few months, Look Diane, I'm sorry, but I can't allow you to leave the country without going to Valhere's graduation party. This gentleman, he's twenty-two, and he comes out of hiding once a year for this occasion, and he dresses up as the Lakeside rooster, and he, What about tonight then, are you going to that party at Valhere's? So you're monumentally busy? Are you busy on Saturday? Are you busy on Friday? Busy? Okay, um, so it's Lloyd and... uh... uh... let's go out. Do you wanna go out? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You remember? Quick question - do you know who I am? Yeah. Whoah, what a day, huh? Yeah. I just wanted to congratulate you on your scholarship to England, and I wanted to tell you that I thought your speech was really incredible. Yeah. I read about your fellowship in the paper, and I'm very glad you called me back. No noise, no sound, no movement, nothing! Hello, Diane? Look at those eyes. Work that jab, work that hook, work that jab, okay, take a break, take a break. Hook up the jab, hook up the jab. He's back. Hey my brother, can I borrow a copy of your 'Hey Soul Classics'? Yeah, you gotta go 'YEAH', strength. Poor little man. Just knowing a person like that exists, knowing that for a minute that she felt that and wrote 'I still can't help loving you'. That's gotta be a good thing, right? That's gotta be a good thing. It does, it does if it's the version signed 'I still can't help loving you'. Read that. I know this part, keep reading. I'm the distraction that's going to England with her sir. Are you alright sir? Are you okay? I know. But then I reconsidered. 'Cause I figured out what I really wanna do with my life, what I want to do for a living is I wanna be with your daughter. I'm good at it. I know I know. Am I going? Am I going to England? I've thought about this quite a bit, and I've realised what I probably should do is just carve out a goal for my future and find out what I wanna do with my life, do all the stuff that I've been avoiding in a big way. I mean, Diane and I can wait for each other, right? What's she gonna... she's gonna run off with some English guy? There's no way. That's one of the things I wanted to talk to you about sir. She wouldn't get out of the car. I brought her all the way here, she said she was going to come here, and she wouldn't get out of the car. But I thought that is was important, that she come to see you, because I know that if you go somewhere and you don't deal with your family stuff, then you're just gonna, she's gonna, um... I just wanted to say that I've thought about everything, and I've decided something. I'm going to give you another chance. Maybe no one's listening, or maybe your father's listening. Mr Court, if you're listening to this, hello, how are you? Hi, Lloyd. This is my eighth and final call... You mean like career? Uh, I don't know. I've, I've thought about this quite a bit sir, and I'd have to say considering what's waiting out there for me, I don't want to sell anything, buy anything or process anything as a career. I don't want to sell anything bought or processed, or buy anything sold or processed, or... process anything sold, bought or processed, or repair anything sold, bought or processed, you know, as a career I don't want to do that. So, uh, my father's in the army, he wants me to join, but I can't work for that corporation, so what I've been doing lately is kickboxing, which is really a, uh, new sport, but I think it's got a good future. As far as career longevity goes, I don't really know, because, you know, you can't really tell. Your training sticks as a fighter, you know, but it's no good, you know, you have to be great, but I can't really tell if I'm great until I've had a couple of pro fights. But I haven't been knocked out yet. I don't know, I can't figure it all out tonight sir, I'm going to hang with your daughter. I'm totally and completely serious. Spend as much time as possible with Diane before she leaves. How do you pay for one of those? How ya doing? Is she around? Hello. Heard about that graduation present. Really quite a car. Look, I know you're busy, you don't' have to retain me, but you can trust me. I'll tell you a couple of things about myself, I'm nineteen, been overseas for a couple of semesters, but now I'm back. I'm an athlete, so I rarely drink. Kickboxing. You heard of kickboxing, sport of the future? Don 'The Dragon' Wilson, Lenny [?] merciless, one of the champions of the sport? I can see by your face, no. My point is, you can relax because your daughter will be safe with me for the next seven to eight hours. Hi. Lloyd Dobler, sir. Pleasure to meet you. Okay. Good afternoon. Goodbye. She's really pretty great, isn't she? Okay. She's really pretty great, isn't she? Oh. Okay then... Lloyd Dobler, 555-1342. Uh, no, not really, no actually, basically, you don't know me. I'm a friend of your daughters; well I sat with her yesterday at the mall. No. No. Uh... okay... um... Hello. May I please speak with Diane please? Diane Court. My car. Stop freaking with her head man. Just stop playing with her mind, you know? She's a human being. She's a person. She's very talented, you know. Joe. Joe. She's written sixty-five songs. They're all about you. They're all about pain. How many people really know what they want though? I mean, a lot of them think that they have to know, right? But inside, they don't really know, so, I don't know. But I know that I don't know. My dad's a lieutenant colonel in the army, he wants me to join, he wants to pull some strings. I mean, there's no possible way. What? No way. How ya doin' Miss Evans? How you doin', brother? Alright. Key? I'm Lloyd Dobler. I called her up. Yeah. What? Hey. I am happy to say that this bag is officially empty. Maybe we'll come by tomorrow, help you clear up or something. I don't know. I was just going to kind of move around. I was gonna... Oh, I was just going to... You know Diane Court? I got a question. If you guys know so much about women, how come you're here at like the Gas 'n' sip on a Saturday night completely alone, drinking beers, no women anywhere? Yeah, alright. Alright, I love you too. Go to sleep. You must chill! You must chill! I have hidden your keys. CHILL! I love you too. Alright!You've gotta get her out of your head, man. Hey man, I was in love once. I got hurt really bad. I never wanna go through that again. It's your castle, man. Your only mistake is that you didn't dump her first. Diane Court is a showpony. You need a stallion, my friend. Walk with us and you walk tall. Later for you, Luke. We're full on bonded. I love you man. Give me my firebird keys! I love you man We finally graduated, big dude guy!I don't really know where we are. Ooop, excuse me. This is great, this gives me hope. Thanks. Yeah, but how come it worked? I mean like, what are you? Yeah, hey, oh god. Listen, I wanted to... I don't know you very well, you know, but I wanted to ask you, how did you get Diane Court to go out with you? Mike Cameron. This is one fresh jam, huh? Mike Cameron, how you doing? Oh boy.I'll put this past my boss I can put that together. And I want to turn the home over to the state. One hundred and twenty-five thousand and nine months. I can't give you that. This guy's been ripping off grandma and grandpa for seventeen years. He's been getting it from every end. I'd love to hear his story.Certainly. Diane, everybody loves that you showed up. I don't know. Good on you man. Alright Lloyd. You know, every year I throw this party, every year nobody helps me clear up. Why am I yelling? Thanks a lot Lloyd. A very responsible young man you're out with tonight. Wow, man. Well. Listen man, I need you to be the keymaster. It's gotta stay purple. All night. Hey Lloyd, how ya doin'?