There are many things that can exert control over one's life, good and bad. Religion, greed, philanthropy, drugs. Why? I'm glad you feel that way, because I feel that way, too. Do you feel there is more progress to be made? Do you want to leave therapy? That you are under no obligation to me? You understand that you are free to leave therapy at any time? It's possible that Graham has hidden motives for disliking therapy and/or therapists. Perhaps he has problems of his own that he is unwilling to deal with, and he would like to see other people, you for instance, wallow in their situation just as he does. Do you think that's possible? Ann, in life one has to be aware of hidden agendas. Did it occur to you that Graham may have his own reasons for not wanting you to be in therapy? I thought that's what I did. Who was it that you talked to? What brought this on? Let me rephrase. Were you attracted to him? Did you find him attractive? Is he still at your house? The friend of John's that was staying at your house. Did you confront John about the visitor? No, I haven't. Radon leakage? So it was recently that you tried this. I take it you've never masturbated? Did you masturbate? Did you do anything? Perhaps he senses your hesitance at being touched. Prior to this feeling, were you comfortable having physical contact with him? When did you begin having this feeling? This unexpected visit notwithstanding, how are things with John? But he asked you to quit your job, and you do have housework. What upsets you about that? Are you afraid of his reaction? Of his finding you silly for thinking of such things? If you think about it, I think you'll see that the object of your obsession is invariably something negative that you couldn't possibly have any control over. Well, last week we talked about your obsession with the families of airline fatalities, and now we're talking about your concern over the garbage problem. Ann, do you see a pattern here? Do you have any idea what triggered this concern? No, I didn't. Yes, I remember. What do you do when these moods overtake you?I'm okay. It's okay. No. No, Ann, I can't. I can't forget it. It's not something I can fix. It's difficult. There s something in my mind... the way my brain works... God, Ann, when you're with another person, and you're... inside them, you're so vulnerable, you're revealing so much... there's no protection. And... somebody could say, or do something to you while you're in this... state of... nakedness. And they could hurt you without even knowing it. In a way that you couldn't even see. And you would withdraw. To make sure it didn't happen again. And I'm telling you it's not any one thing that I can point to and say "That's why!" It doesn't work that way with people who have problems, Ann, it's not that neat, it's not that tidy! It's not a series of little boxes that you can line up and count. Things just don't happen that way. Well, what kind of answer are you looking for, Ann? What is it exactly that you want to know? Jesus Christ, Ann. Why is anybody anything? I think you have this idea that people are either all good or all bad, and you don't allow for any gray areas, and that's what most of us consist of. All right!! All right!! You want to know? You want to know how I feel? I feel ashamed. Is that what you wanted to hear? I don't find this "turning the tables" thing very interesting -- I can't tell you like this. Because. Don't do that. All right, you want to talk about lies, let's talk about lies, Ann. Let's talk about lying to yourself. You haven't been able to sleep with your husband because you're no longer in love with him, and maybe you never were. You haven't been honest with yourself in longer than you can remember. As I said, I haven't decided what to do, exactly. Perhaps I won't do anything. I don't know. I really would rather not talk about it. I don't know. Possibly. Yes. Not entirely. I don't know. Possibly. No. Yes. I couldn't face her if I had slept with somebody else. Ann, it could happen to me all over again, don't you see? I could start to -- I've told you. I can't. Ann. Are you asking me hypothetically, or are you asking me for real, right now? That's very flattering. I... I can't answer that precisely. I'm not in love with you. I'm not planning on it. You should be. He lied to you. So did Cynthia. No, you're not. Interesting analogy. And you feel the same way with John? Subtlety? If you do get out of your marriage, will you continue to be inhibited? Did you confront John with the fact that you knew about him? How could I, with all these nice people stopping by? The fact is that I've lived by myself for so long, I can't imagine living with another person. It's amazing what you can get used to if enough time goes by. And anyway, I'm asking the questions. Are you happy? Now I make sure that no one has the opportunity to test me. I loved her for how good she made me feel, and I hated her for how good she made me feel. And at that time, I tended to express my feelings non- verbally. I couldn't handle anyone having that much control over my emotions. Yes. I did. Willfully and repeatedly. The problem was me. I was... I was a pathological liar. Or am, I should say. Lying is like alcoholism, one is always "recovering". No, it was wonderful. That wasn't the problem. Her name was Elizabeth. Yes. That's correct. Can't. If I can't do it all, I don't want to do anything. And I can't do it all. No. No. Yes. I thought I made that clear before, when I said I would go down on you. About me? About who? So you do fantasize? You're not like your sister. You couldn't be like her if you wanted to. Why? Are there people other than your previous lover that you have fantasized about? Do you want me to stop? Then as far as this taping goes, you have nothing to worry about. At some level, I don't understand your nervousness. Have you decided to leave John? Did the person you made love with satisfy you more than your husband? Did you have sex before you were married? Absolutely not. It's a simple question. Have you ever thought of having -- making love with someone other than your husband? Does he go down on you? Yes. Do you talk to him? You are married, correct? Tell me your name. Tell me your name. It won't. Are you ready? I have money. Load a new tape, turn the camera on. That's a good question. I want you to be aware of what you're doing and why, because I know that this is not the sort of thing you would do in a normal frame of mind. Yes. But I sense the element of revenge here. Do you think that's such a good idea? It's not my place to tell you these things, Ann. You have to find out by yourself or from John directly. You have to trust me on this. But even if we had been speaking, I wouldn't have told you. Ann, when would I have told you? We were not speaking, if you recall. She said it on her tape. Yes. I know. I know. Maybe you want to go. I'm sorry this came up. No, not to me, for me, for the camera. Mostly. Sometimes they do things. Yes. Like what they've done, what they do, what they don't do, what they want to do but are afraid to ask for, what they won't do even if asked. Anything I can think of. Everything about sex. Yes. The... interviews are about sex, Ann. Because I promised each subject that no one would look at the tape except me. No. Yes. Because I enjoy interviewing women more than men. Not really. Donna was a girl I knew in Florida. Donna? Oh, just a personal project like anyone else's personal project. Mine's just a little more personal. It's a personal project I'm working on. Videotapes. Not much to see, I'm afraid. I'm sort of cultivating a minimalist vibe. Nothing I can't finish later. Ann. Hello. That's correct. Bit of a dilemma, isn't it? Basically, yes. Well, I wasn't always impotent. Oh, see, I meant someone you've had sex with. That's part of the theory. You had sex with you therapist? I believe in it for some people. I mean, for me it was silly, I was confused going in. So I just formed my own personal theory that you should never take advice from someone of the opposite sex that doesn't know you intimately. Hah! No, I'm not. Actually, I used to be, but the therapist I had was really ineffectual in helping me deal with my problems. Of course, I lied to him constantly, so I guess I can't hold him totally responsible... You're in therapy? They are looking at you. Ann, you are truly breathtaking. I don't know if you understand how your appearance can affect people. Men want to possess you, women wish they looked like you. And those that don't or can't resent you. And the fact that you're a nice person just makes it worse. Well, I've been watching you. I've watched you eat, I've watched you speak, I've watched the way you move, and I see somebody who is extremely conscious of being looked at. I think you really believe that people are looking at you all the time. And you know what? I am self-conscious, but not in the same way that you are. You have got to be the most attractive self- conscious person I've ever seen. Not usually. I mean, honestly, I haven't known many guys that could think straight with an erection, so I feel I'm way ahead of the game as far as being clear-headed goes. Well, let me put it this way: I cannot achieve an erection while in the presence of another person. So, for all practical purposes, I am impotent. Impotent. Agreed. Do you want me to? Why is that? Do you want them? So what about kids? I think so. I remember reading somewhere that men learn to love what they're attracted to, whereas women become more and more attracted to the person they love. It's up to you. But I warn you, if you tell me something personal, I might do the same. I know that I just don't feel a connection with very many people, so I don't waste time with people I don't feel one with. Hmm. Well, maybe you are. Really, I wouldn't pay much attention. Yeah, I know. I mean, I'm not saying I know people think you're a bitch, I'm saying I know what you mean. And I don't even know that people think you're a bitch. Do they? How do you mean? No. Lawyers. Do I pay taxes? Of course I pay taxes, only a liar doesn't pay taxes, I'm not a liar. A liar is the second lowest form of human being. I don't know. Sister older or younger? This food is excellent. I would imagine that we are, now. I think I'm ready to use the bathroom, finally. Oh, lots of reasons, most of them boring. But, up until I dropped out, John and I were... very much alike. I knew him very well. We were extremely close until I dropped out. Yes. I was surprised that he accepted when I asked if I could stay here until I found a place. Nine years. Exactly. I would say the fact that you feel the first year of your marriage has gone by quickly means lots of things. Or could mean lots of things. Anyway, I think the mind is very flexible as far as time is concerned. Did you know that if you shut someone up in a room, and the only clock he has reference to runs two hours slow for every twenty-four, that his body will eventually adjust to that schedule? Simply because the mind honestly perceives that twenty-six hours are twenty-four, the body follows. And then there are sections of time. Your life can be broken down into the sections of time that formed your personality . For instance, when I was twelve, I had an eleven minute conversation with my father that to this day defines our relationship. Now, I'm not saying that everything happened in that specific section of time, but the events of my childhood involving my father led up to, and then were crystallized in, that eleven minutes. Yes. So you feel security, stability. Like things are going to last awhile. What about it do you like? I'm not being critical, I'd really like to know. No, I was in charge of kind of standing at the microphone and reciting these really depressing lyrics in a monotone. The whole thing was really... irrelevant. How do you like being married? Oh. Well, I did. I was in a band once, and the music was always secondary to just flat out offending as many people as possible. I used to take great pleasure in that, being purposefully different, rubbing people's noses in it. Didn't you do that when you were younger? Oh. Well, maybe I'm uncomfortable with my appearance. I feel a little out of place in these surroundings. Are you uncomfortable with my appearance? Yeah, I guess it is. My mother is a complete Anglophile, anything British makes her drool like a baby. She probably heard the name in some movie. She's a prisoner of public television now. Curious. Yes. Have you ever been on television? Yes. Oh, you mean to bring in! No. Yes, I have some other things, no, I don't need to bring them in. This is all I need to stay here. Oh, no problem. It can wait. False alarm. Graham Dalton. Ann? No. I'm sorry. I can't do it. Cynthia, I don't know. I would. No. Ouch. Okay, I deserved that. Cynthia, don't you understand? After the first time it's just not spontaneous. There's no edge anymore. Look at the tapes, there is only one date on each label. I have never taped anyone twice. I'm sure a substantial number of men in this town would volunteer. No. You'll have to get somebody else. I never do more than one. I'm sorry. No. Okay. Hello. Is that what he tells you? Different. Yes. Yes. If you wish. You're not wearing any underwear. Then what happened? What did he say? What about when you touched it? What did you expect it to feel like, and then what did it really feel like? Were you disappointed? What did you think? Did it look like you expected? Live, or in a photograph or film of some sort? How unfortunate. So when did you finally get to see a penis? Was it ever a topic of conversation between the two of you afterward? Your first sexual experience. Describe for me your first sexual experience. I am now recording. Tell me your name. Just a moment. Whichever you prefer. No. That depends on you. One woman only used three minutes. Another filled up three two hour tapes. Yes. I turn on the camera. You start talking. Absolutely not. They are for my private use only. Yes. That's all. I just want to ask you questions. Nothing. Sex. Your sexual history, your sexual preferences. Talking. Why don't you let me tape you? Not exactly. What do you get? Spooked. Nope. I think the man is a liar. I don't understand. Why did you want to come here? I mean, I can't imagine Ann painted a very flattering portrait of me. How did you find me? She didn't give you my address? She didn't tell you why she was upset? And are you here to berate me for making her that way? No, I really can't. I find it healthy never to characterize people I don't know or conversations I haven't heard. I don't know what you and your sister discussed about me or anything else. Last time I saw Ann she left here very... confused, I would say. And upset. I just want to know why you're here. She called you that, too. May I ask why you're here? The extrovert. Do I know you? Who are you? How about for five hundred? Will you lease month-to-month? No. You said three-fifty? It'll just be me. You're hesitating. I think that means you have. Have you ever wanted to make love to someone other than your husband? I'm not going to give you my keys. My keys? No. No. No. God, you need help. She's not property, John, she's a person. Were you just going to keep right on lying to her? John, as a lawyer, you should know that those tapes are private property. What tapes? Hi, John. Or go someplace in a hurry. I like having the car, the car is important. I wish I didn't have to live someplace. She held up very well. Yes, this afternoon. I was grilling Ann about your marriage this afternoon. I'm sorry. Am I prying again? You have family here also? A bonfire, probably. Everybody has a past.God damn you!! You bitch. I knew it. You son of a bitch!! Bastard... Goddam right. Answer me, godammit!! Did you make one of those tapes? You're leaving me for him, aren't you? Well, that makes a sad sort of sense. He can't, and you won't. Goddammit, goddammit!! That son of a bitch!! Well, at least I know you didn't fuck him. Where did you go when you left here? Why? What? Jesus Christ! What the hell happened? I came home and your car was gone, the door was open, I thought for sure you'd been abducted by some mad fucker, I was literally just calling the cops when you walked in. What happened? Quitting your therapy won't feed the children of Ethiopia. Isn't therapy helping at all? Yeah. Jeez, give me some credit. I don't, either. I mean, Cynthia, of all people. She's so... I'm sorry. It's just... I'm under a lot of pressure with this Kirkland thing, it's my first big case as junior partner, and I work all day, I come home, I look forward to seeing you, and... it hurts that you accuse me like that. Goddam right. I mean, can you imagine: "Your honor, I'm positive this man is guilty. I can't place him at the scene or establish a motive, but I have this really strong feeling." Look, this conversation is utterly ridiculous. Maybe when you have some evidence, we should talk, but don't give me conjecture and intuition. I'm not either!! I was just saying, you know? I didn't get paranoid when you didn't want to make love. I could have easily assumed that you didn't want to because you were having an affair. For God's sake, Ann, I am not fucking your sister. I don't find her that attractive, for one. Ann, you are completely paranoid. Not ten minutes ago I wanted to make love for the first time in weeks, and you act like I'm dipped in shit. You know, I think there are a lot of women that would be glad to have a young, straight male making a pretty good living beside them in bed with a hard on. There's nothing to know, Ann. No, I'm not. Frankly, I'm offended at the accusation. Jesus Christ, where'd that come from? I have a late lunch by myself and now I'm fucking somebody? Something wrong? I ate by myself. Then maybe I saw an old message. There are a lot of them on my desk, you know. Yes. I just got busy. Tuesday. I had a late lunch. Mmmmm... Stay away from the Garden District. Serious crime. I don't know what kind of place you're looking for, but there are a lot of studio-type apartments available elsewhere. Are you going to see Elizabeth while you're here? That's the first thing that ran through my mind when I saw you. I thought this is not the same man that rode the unicycle naked through the homecoming parade. I knew it, I knew it. Things are getting complicated. Maybe I don't want to leave. Maybe I want to talk. God, you... you're mean. I can't believe I let him stay in my house. Right under my nose. That deviant fucker was right under my nose and I didn't see him. Graham. Did he put you up to this? Well, I'm here now. I'd like to do something... Look, are we going to do it or not? By definition you're lying to Ann, too. It hurts that you would say that to me. What do you mean? You trust him. You realize you have no recourse legally? This stuff could show up anywhere. It just wasn't a smart thing to do. Did you sign any sort of paper, or did he have any contract with you saying he wouldn't broadcast these tapes? I just... Ann is very... It's just something I'd prefer she didn't know about. I wish you hadn't done that. You told Ann about this? Interact, fine, but did you have to masturbate in front of him, for God's sake? I mean... Jesus. I could almost understand it if he was screwing these people, almost. Why doesn't he just buy some magazines or porno movies or something? Jesus Christ. And he doesn't have sex with any of them? They just talk? What if this tape gets into the wrong hands? Shit, after what you've told me, I don't know. I should've known, when he showed up dressed like some arty brat. That you... you don't even know the guy. It's just so blatantly stupid, I have a hard time believing you did it. Do you want me to stop calling? Nothing wrong with trying. She's there? What's she doing there? Cynthia. John. Jesus, I don't know if I can get away. I've got a client waiting. I'd have to do some heavy duty juggling. When? John Millaney. You know what I mean. Oh. Well, when, then? Cynthia. John. In here!! Cynthia. John. Meet me at my house in exactly one hour. You're intrigued? Cynthia, I don't think you want to, I mean, you should see the way he dresses. I really think he's in a bad way. Maybe. No, I mean doing it at my house. Could be risky. Who said I was jealous? I hate the thought of guys hitting on you all the time. I wish you'd quit that bartending job. Right. I have a friend coming in from out of town, I'll probably be spending some time with him the next couple of days. I can't let my lunch hour go on too long. I've already skipped one meeting. I've got to get back to the office. Shut up!!! Answer him, goddammit!! Goddamit... Your keys, asshole!! Your two fucking keys!! Give them to me!! Give me your keys. Graham, I swear to Christ I'll kill your scrawny ass. Now give me those tapes. I'm not kidding, Graham, you'd better do what I say. Give me those tapes. I need help? Whose sitting by himself in a room choking his chauncey to a bunch of videotapes, Graham? Not me, buddy. You're the fucking nut. Now show me those tapes. What the hell do you think? I love Ann. You think I'm going to tell her about Cynthia and hurt her feelings like that? So is my wife, asshole!! You know which tapes! Where are they? Where are the tapes, Graham? Especially if you want to leave someplace in a hurry. Get rid of the car when you get your apartment, then you'll still have one key. What do you mean? Really. How'd it go? You were prying before? Yeah, it's not bad. Usually Ann has some serious salt action going. I keep telling her, you can always add more if you want, but you can't take it out. What do you think the Greeks would make of that outfit you're wearing? Yes? Anyway, I've always said, the work is the thing. I can be happy without a marriage, but take away my work, that's different. And if Ann can't handle that, that's her problem, like we re all alone in this world, you know what I'm saying? I mean, fuck. Jesus, what's takin' this guy? John Millaney. Brian Kirkland, please. All right, jesus. Okay, in a minute, I'm on with a client. Yeah.Not for three-fifty. Plus first and last month deposit. Student? Plenty of room for two people.Mr. Kirkland has asked me to inform you that he has obtained legal representation elsewhere, and that if you have a message for him to leave it with me. Mr. Millaney? One moment. May I ask who's calling? IBM.