Absolutely not. No more than seven percent. It most certainly is. No it is not, Mr. Dowd. Absolutely. Correct. True.Too fine, Badalato. The bad news is, you're gonna live. That-a-boy. Hospital. Demerol? What the fuck is your problem, man? You wanna die? And one good guy. He was your snitch. I know about Esparza. From Chinatown... Which is right up the street from the morgue! Where did you go with the body? What did you do with it? An hour after you picked it up! In other words, seven times out of a hundred, you're wrong! Isn't there a ten to fifteen-percent margin of error? Forensic ballistics isn't an exact science, is it? Or this -- is this a significant difference? You would have the court believe that these two bullets were fired from the same gun? And the one on the right is the bullet you test-fired from Shu's gun? The photo on the left shows the bullet that killed Jimmy Chin, true? Where's the nearest hospital? Let go of my hair. I have to talk to your brother. I would like to put Shu's alleged crime in a context, your Honor. And we do have the foremost expert on prison and street gangs right here in this room... If it please the court, I'd like to call Mr. Reynard. I suppose I could find an inmate who'd say that Shu boasted about Chinatown just to survive in the joint -- though he didn't really do it... Your Honor: I imagine that, no matter how careful my questioning, Mr. Ortega would, in his well-intentioned way, dig my client's hole even deeper. I move that the witness's testimony be stricken. He has clearly been terrorized by the prosecution, he's -- Objection. Your Honor, that's not fair -- ! -- With objection! Objection, your Honor! The fact that the witness is currently a patient is immaterial! Hey -- the fact you popped Jimmy Chin in broad daylight proves it wasn't premeditated. Jury'll sympathize -- dude was banging your wife, right? What, "everything"? You shot a corpse. I don't give a shit about that -- ! Dowd. Eddie Dowd. "We"? Look, I'm a lawyer and -- Do you see a toilet here you think is really me? I'm a lawyer. The firm is thinking about renovating. Everything dates back to the Sixties. Not necessarily... We don't prosecute people because in the abstract they might be weak. Judge Brandeis said it best: Entrapment is a "dirty business!" No it's not the only issue. There's another issue, for the jury. What about entrapment? Yeah, well I had reasonable cause to believe the judge might've heard of the Fourth Amendment. Clyde, you wait here. Glenn, got a minute? No further questions. Ah. How can you remember that? You can't remember that -- ! Oh really? Come now. Did you see the gun? No. No... Your Honor, the witness' response was non-responsive... I ask you to strike it from the record...! Not at all -- Didn't this "information" come from the Joe Boys themselves -- did they not all but hand you Shu Kai Kim, a Korean, an outsider? A "description"? What, Asian male 18 to 30, black hair, brown eyes? Exactly what information led you to arrest my client just two-and-a-half hours after the shooting took place? How long did it take Badalato to drive Jimmy Chin's body from Chinatown to the morgue? Least we'd already be at the Morgue. Everyone else was wrong and the one fucking lunatic was right! They could've been brothers. It's why the eyewitnesses picked Shu. I've seen this picture before. You phoned up Art Esparza's wife? What's Art Esparza? -- Roger -- ? I've got a meeting in Chinatown. I'm not that desperate. That's not gonna happen. I'm gonna create reasonable doubt. Buckle your seatbelt and watch me work. You know how I know? 'Cause Reynard says he's guilty, and Reynard's full of shit! Look -- Hey -- you believe what you want. Shu Kai Kim is innocent. That's why I hate experts. But what? ...What do you mean? You sneaked a peek at the Rolodex. Nice. -- What? Goddam it... the little punk bests me again, I get thrown down and lectured at and where the hell were you? Eddie Dowd. A fucking wheelchair? George is a fucking burnout case. I didn't want him on the stand anyway. Get more names from Billy. Hey, Clyde Gruner sold these guys a pound of crystal meth at cost. We're Clyde's buddies, it's cool. Next exit. So an upstanding member of the Aryan Warriors wouldn't paint them on. They take those teardrops seriously -- they're badges of courage, of honor. Only their most vicious killer elite get to wear them...! There's no one else to talk to. The tattoos were phony! They're just frightened, fucked-up losers that prison fucked up worse. His name is Chuckie Roeder. But something's very weird. Saving it for the Sunday Times. "Have to"? No... "Cecil Stipe." Find it. That DD-5. "Cecil Stipe"? Have we seen any affadavit with that name? A Complaint Follow-Up form. When did you start working for the goddam D.A.? Easy? No... We have to find some piece of evidence that got buried, to reopen the sucker. I don't know but it makes one hell of an opening statement. Some gang punk gets wasted in front of the tourists. The mayor pressures the cops. The cops pressure the rival gang -- the Joe Boys. The Joes give up Shu Kai Kim -- the schmuck kid from Korea who's been pestering 'em to get in. Eight years ago. The Chinatown hit. We're taking the other case. With two knives taped to his hands? Forget it, Rog. -- Remember? -- The Nazi he knifed? Chinatown street gang. Ossining Correctional Facility. Sing Sing. Everybody's innocent there, man... Just ask 'em... Ten years is a long time. Hey. You plan to be a criminal defense attorney, know this going in: Everybody's guilty. So go take your job on Wall Street. I'm not a kid anymore, I can't be all over the map -- I specialize, Roger... Damn right I'm right. ...through use of informants, eavesdropping, unreasonable search and seizure...! I don't venerate drug dealers, Roger. To the contrary. We have a full caseload, Rog. And I call your testimony hearsay. I have no more questions for you. Pardon... Which dialect do you speak? Do you speak Cantonese, Mandarin, or both? You're the police expert in Chinatown gangs? Screw you too, Kitty. I don't need sleep! EXACTLY! Nothing has. But that's all changing. You do. Got any booze in the house? I haven't paid you. I haven't thanked you for your work, Kitty. You're doing good work. The Joe Boys in 1980...! -- Find him? I don't have time to read every word in every report, I'm too busy getting killed in court... Meantime my crackerjack investigator can't find the goddam art supplies store where Chuckie-fucking-Roeder works! A fucking wheelchair? Have you considered that Chuckie Roeder's not calling himself Chuckie Roeder these days? Get his mugshot from one of the many law officers who've got hotpants for you... then canvass those art supplies places. We're gonna win this one, Kitty, but ya gotta believe... But I like that theory. And since I'm not putting Twerp Professor on the stand, and since I don't have a better theory, I'm sticking with that theory. Meantime I want pictures of the Joes. What'll you bet there was a guy in the gang looked enough like Shu to fool the eyewitnesses! I lied. I embroidered. I embellished. Start looking into the Joe Boys -- who assigned the hits in 1980, what rank generally did the hits... Your extensive law enforcement contacts should be of some use. Forget it. You've blown your chance to participate in this case, Kitty. Kitty, where exactly do you place the microphone to catch the most incriminating moans? Lemme guess. Some corporate V.P.'s banging his secretary over lunch and you have to focus your camera and plug in your little tape recorder. Stipe was just one of four eyewitnesses who came forward, Kitty. Y'oughta start looking for the others... It hasn't been that long. Murder witness. For awhile we had this dream we were innocent. That was our bond... but then we woke up. And now I'd like to hear everything. By trusting me. Shit, man... Jimmy Chin? Was that self-defense too? I didn't need to know that a man I'm defending on a gang-murder rap is a prison soldier who kills over drugs? Quite a bit you didn't tell me. ...I'm dying out there. "No," what? Well I know that you're innocent, Shu -- even if you forgot. You can't. So tell me what you do know -- say it! No. You tell me, Shu. What went down? -- About what? Afraid of what? But why? But why would a guy would do that? Paint black teardrops on his face? An Aryan Warrior with black teardrops painted on his face. ...Okay... Exactly what happened then? Want to tell me what went down here? That's right. Mr. Rabin has no right to -- Thank you, Mr. Stipe. Did the police make any attempt to phone you, to follow up? ...You told the Desk Sergeant you were certain Mr. Kim wasn't the killer? You left your telephone number? When the D.A. hears I filed the writ, he'll send someone here, maybe claiming to be a journalist. That person will ask you lots of questions. Just be truthful, Cecil, okay? To all of us? Are you willing to testify that the man you saw shoot Jimmy Chin was not the man the cops arrested? Good. Now we're going to take an affadavit from you, but only concerning the facts of the Chinatown shooting. We honestly don't give a shit about the Kennedy assassination. Oh come on, Cecil. See-cil. I'm Eddie Dowd, this is Roger Baron. We're lawyers. 'lo, Cecil. No? Then what did he say? I hope so, Mr. Reynard. Isn't it true that without Esparza, you had no investigation? I didn't say he was an informant. But since you mentioned it, wasn't Esparza your primary informant? -- But you just said you were personally involved with all the principals of the investigation. And who was Arturo Esparza? The same three detectives on the Jimmy Chin case. And who were the detectives who assisted you, Mr. Reynard? Did you do any hands-on work or did you just supervise, from on high? Didn't this investigation, with its attendant publicity, catapult you into the office you now hold? I'd need a continuance. Three weeks at least. -- alleged crime -- The great personal sacrifices endured by Mr. Reynard have no bearing on the legal issues, your Honor -- ! -- Objection, your Honor! This case has no connection with any subsequent act my client may be charged with! Your Honor, that's trial by ambush! To the best of your recollection, were you sober when you performed the tests? You don't speak any Chinese dialects? Then you get your intelligence from snitches? Isn't it unusual for a man who's just committed a murder in plain sight to bring the weapon back to his apartment? Isn't it a standard trick to pack a line-up with men who resemble each other but look different than the suspect, so the suspect will stand out for the eyewitnesses? Isn't it a fact that the "six other Asian men" in the line-up were all of the classic Mongoloid type, whereas Shu has the distinct facial bone structure of a Korean? That's big of you, Bob. But I'm a quick study. Tell your Deputy D.A. -- Rabin? -- that I'll see him in court. You know you're very tense, Mr. Reynard. Y'oughta take a week off, fly the wife and kids to Oahu. I never joke about waiving a client's Sixth Amendment right to trial. That's right. Please don't bullshit me, Mr. Reynard. You've got witness problems, you've got proof problems... What am I looking for? You're the one talking deal. Are you implying that my motives are less than sincere? I'd have that checked, Mr. Reynard. I'm sorry if I've ruined your day, Mr. Reynard. But my client's had a rough eight years behind bars and -- It's in the area of narcotics, Mr. Reynard, that the government tramples on the Fourth Amendment. This and that. Shu Kai Kim. Edward T. Dowd.Shut your sewer mouth! Let's snuff this lowlife! If you'd had the sense to ask for my help, I might've helped you. But you've probably scared Chuckie Roeder off for good, I have a whole bunch of jumpy employees to handle and you're both going to be on your way. Now. "Art's Supplies" is founded on trust, Mister -- I did five years in Attica. Lot of cons helped me in the joint. But I never got help from any lawyer... I built this business for guys like me who couldn't get a break anywhere else. "Art's Supplies" is for ex- cons. Not lawyers. -- I don't care who you are. You could've been killed. Every man and woman in here has done hard prison time. And we look out for each other. I noticed. You can't come back here... Anything happens to you I'm liable.Haven't heard that one before, Ed. But I guess I'll be hearing it again. Can't I take a simple piss without -- What about entrapment? I had a minute before the Mapp hearing -- but I couldn't get you on the phone, Eddie...They're Chinamen who speak English. We call them informants. Neither. -- Me? Neither. ...For ten years, now.-- Then you don't wish to call any witnesses, Mr. Dowd? Well then, does the defense have any witnesses? Good morning, Mr. Dowd. Do you think you might be up to cross-examining Mr. Ortega this morning? The testimony will remain in the record. Do you wish to cross-examine? Sustained. Complain to the Bar Commission. So noted. I will allow the witness to testify. With the understanding that your questions are confined to the area of Mr. Kim's modus operandi. Sustained.Chinatown. Sounded pretty cold... Shu's the only one I know of... Soldado. That's right. ...A soldado, he takes care of it. Cigarettes, candy bars... PCP, crack... A soldado, he runs messages and materiel between the regiments... I'm a soldado in the G-Wing Regiment. Yeah, we do some of that. I would tend to plead the Fifth. Fighting the Aryan Warriors and the Black Guerrillas, basically. A Cubano army, basically... inside and outside prisons. Five years. I would tend to plead the Fifth.No. I think you're a dangerous man, Mr. Dowd. You're trespassing into the area of witness protection, Mr. Dowd. Such showboating puts lives at risk. I can't be expected to remember the name of every informant eight years after the fact. I don't think I know that name. In those days, they often worked as a team. Lou Sklaroff, Vin Badalato, Dave Montell. Mr. Dowd, I was personally involved with all phases -- and principals -- of the investigation. If I were sitting where I normally sit, I would say "Calls for speculation." Yes, Mr. Dowd. -- Can't Mr. Dowd find his own expert witness, your Honor? -- in a context. Your Honor, I know as much about these gangs as anyone; I'm well aware of the secrecy in which their machinations are cloaked... I assure you this witness offers the court a rare opportunity to place the defendant's crime -- The witness is recalcitrant, your Honor -- I had to personally make a body attachment this morning -- it took two Marshalls to drag him here! The witness will substantiate Mr. Kim's modus operandi. It's circumstantial evidence in the case at hand! We just discovered him, your Honor! His appearance is critical to a fair presentation of our case! He is an inmate at Ossining Correctional and -- Objection. Badgering. Calls for speculation. Argumentative. Objection. The witness is not an expert in racial classification. I'll prosecute anyone who fucks up. If that makes me look racist, it's a trade-off I'll live with, Ed. No, Mr. Dowd, you'll see me in court. I'm prosecuting this case. But now you've strayed from your area of expertise -- dope -- into street assassins. A subject on which you're dangerously ignorant. You're pissing me off again, Ed. We reconvict, your man's looking at 25 years on two counts, served consecutively. So what I'd like to ask, Ed, is: Are you joking? I see: He'd walk out next month. You're my only problem, Ed. What does it take to make you go away? Friday's the drop-dead date on the offer. Yes, but that's not the issue. What's on your wish list, Ed? Pleading Kim out to first degree man on both homicides, with an agreed sentence of 15 to life running concurrent? Come on... What're you looking for here? Now maybe you got this case reopened because you see yourself as a thorn in society's side, or you want to walk into any restaurant in Chinatown and get free dumplings... Back in the Seventies I spent years putting away gangsters in a Colombian syndicate called "the Ochoa". These guys are very dangerous, Ed. When I hear that a small-time dope lawyer is conniving to spring one of these guys, I see red. Your client is guilty. Don't dick around with me. Let's not drag the Constitution into this. My staff tells me it's been mostly drug pushers... I said that can't be the same Edward Dowd. You won't remember this, but in '72 I was one of several prosecutors assigned to the Black Panther-Police Shootout. We had a whole team, and you walked into court by yourself and kicked our collective butt. So what've you been up to since then? Of course you know Dean Rabin, one of my Assistant D.A.s. Dean generally handles nuisance cases like the... what's the man's name? Don Reynard. You mean to say Mr. Kim told you that he murdered Jimmy Chin? And why was an exception made? Isn't it unusual for an Asian to be accepted into a Cuban prison gang? Mr. Ortega, what is Shu Kai Kim's rank within La Compania? By "takes care of," you mean "kills". If a member of the Aryan Brothers tries to cut in on your distribution? "Materiel"? What do you mean by that? And what does a soldado -- a soldier -- do? "Name, rank and serial," Mr. Ortega. Let's not hide behind the Fifth. What is your rank within La Compania? Do the rival gangs compete for control of the prison drug trade? For control of the prison drug trade? And its purpose? Mr. Ortega... What is "La Compania"? Mr. Ortega, you've known the defendant at Ossining Correctional for how long?... An hour. That's why I thought the morgue was on the other side of town. ...Jesus! "The killer wasn't Chinese"... Cecil Stipe was right. .! Christ... Shu is innocent. -- What? I followed her from the courthouse. I think he hired Shu to kill Jimmy Chin... It wasn't a Chinatown gang hit -- Jimmy Chin and Art's wife were lovers! She just about told me...! Eddie -- it's Art Esparza! Let's get a cab. I am. Eddie -- we've got nothing. But Roeder's dead. Ballistics says it's Shu! We don't have one witness -- unless we put Cecil Stipe on the stand... You're carrying that around like it was a picture of your girlfriend! I don't want to see your heart broken when this case crashes and burns! -- Eddie... Eddie... it's one thing to compare Clyde Gruner to Jesus Christ. It's even okay to claim that Shu Kai Kim is just slightly holier than the Pope... as long as you don't really believe it! I've heard from the last ballistics expert on the list. It's an even ten who say Shu's gun killed Jimmy Chin! Well, I mean, Roeder's gone, now... A dead end. Believe me, I'm sorry too, but... So what're we gonna do? Chuckie's address. I sneaked a peek at the Rolodex. 1530 Rivington Street. Roger Baron. A spinal injury, in the line of duty. It was in Kitty's report... Uh, Eddie? The, um, ballistics guy, George...? He called, and... His tests show that Shu's gun fired the bullet that killed Jimmy Chin. I feel much better now. -- Yeah? I didn't ask for a closing argument. -- You found his mugshot? Shoulda told the one about Shu being the bastard child of Mother Theresa. Do you have to do that? What, the lunatic who -- -- Listen: "November 5, 1980. Cecil Stipe walked into 5th Precinct. Says he witnessed Chin shooting, saw suspect's picture in Post. Says Shu Kai Kim wrong man." Eddie... What's a DD-5? Eddie... I don't know about this... ...Are you sure we want that? -- Easy as that, huh? You really think that's what happened? What other case? I feel like I've been mugged... Guy scared the shit out of me. You made your point, Eddie... I'm relieved we're not taking the case. ...So what would we claim? He stabbed Duane Lindeman in self-defense? At the trial, you said you were at your apartment that night. Alone. Kim denied it. But he admitted the gun was his, and he got life. Seems to have been an okay prisoner for eight years, til the... incident with Duane Lindeman. Kim got busted at 19 for burglary. At 20 he was convicted in the shooting death of a young Chinese gang lord... The prosecution claimed Kim did it to get into "the Joe Boys"? Where? Look -- I'm tired, I'll see you in the morning, Eddie. Don't tell me where to work. I moved to New York to work for Edward Dowd. But I can't believe that Edward Dowd has nothing better to do these days than invoke exalted legal issues to get off guilty little -- -- a speed manufacturer -- -- an angel dust dealer -- It's just... I leave behind friends, family, a coupla good job offers in Chicago and in three dizzying weeks I've helped acquit a coke dealer, a speed dealer -- Right. You're right. Of course. Right, I forgot... We're pledged to protect every mid-level drug dealer in the Tri-state area. It's an awesome responsibility. Shouldn't one of us...? -- Every word. I'll take odds on Cecil Number Two. -- Eddie told you? -- Roger -- Chuckie OD'd, Mrs. Esparza. He's dead. Then it was your idea to have Chuckie Roeder scare Eddie off the case? ...And you were at the trial to... to see that justice was done? I followed you here from court. What were you... Why were you at Shu's trial this afternoon? I'm Roger Baron. I work with Edward Dowd. The phone company was broken up. CIA? I think what Eddie wants to say is -- Mr. Stipe. A young man named Jimmy Chin was shot to death eight years ago, in Chinatown. Do you remember talking to the police?When you leave this place you're going out to dinner or a movie or get laid. Where's our bond? I'm going back to my cell and wait to die. So tell me: Where's our bond? -- How could I help you? It was self-defense. When I joined up I took an oath of secrecy. I told you what you needed to know. It's okay, Eddie. No. I don't know shit, man! Goddammit -- How can I tell you what I don't know! You tell me, man. About Chinatown. What went down. I don't know. The truth, maybe. Maybe... because someone's afraid. I guess he... wanted you to think he was... somebody he wasn't. "Painted"? I killed the motherfucker. Racist asshole came at me. Figures. My mother find you?I'd l-like to answer the question. No, s-sir. Y-yes, sir. I always t-tell the truth. That's why I'm here. They g-got the wrong g-guy. I did two tours in 'Nam... Hey, Chinese people have this energy field that vibrates at a particular frequency. See-cil. And you b-believe that. Telephone. I suppose you don't know the phone company killed Kennedy because he was trying to b-break it up -- and they'll never let that happen. They control everything: what you say in the mouthpiece is never exactly what comes out the other end, and -- No! They g-got the wrong guy! I saw it! The killer wasn't Chinese. That guy they arrested -- he was the wrong g-guy. You're a l-lawyer? I... I haven't had my meds, or m-my vital signs t-taken yet. I...