TRACY 	f	None of this would have happened if Mr.  McAllister hadn't meddled the way he  did.  He should have just accepted  things as they are instead of trying to  interfere with destiny.  You see, you  can't interfere with destiny.  That's  why it's destiny.  And if you try to  interfere, the same thing's going to  happen anyway, and you'll just suffer.
JIM	m	Morning, Lowell
JIM	m	Twenty-one... twenty-two.
MOTHER	f	Good luck!
TRACY	f	Good morning, Mr. McAllister.
JIM	m	Not wasting any time, are you, Tracy?
TRACY	f	You know what they say about the early  bird.
JIM	m	Yes, I do.
JIM	m	Well, good luck there, Tracy
TRACY	f	Thanks, Mr. M.
TRACY	f	No matter what he says, Mr. McAllister  had it out for me from the start.  Oh  sure, he was all smiles and good wishes  and everything, but underneath he was  just as unfair and petty as anybody  else.
TRACY 	f	He'll probably tell you how committed  he was to teaching and democracy and  integrity and all. Don't be fooled.
JIM	m	It's hard to remember how the whole  thing started, the whole election mess.  What I do remember is that I loved my  job. I was a teacher, an educator, and I  couldn't imagine doing anything else.
VOICE	m	Hey, Mr. M. Mr. M.!
PAUL	m	Stop daydreaming! Get back to work!
JIM	m	The students knew it wasn't just a job  for me.
JIM	m	C'mon, wolverines!  Defense!  Let's  hold 'em back!
JIM	m	I got involved. And I cared.
JIM	m	And I think I made a difference.
JIM	m	I knew I touched the students' lives  during their difficult young adult  years, and I took that responsibility  seriously.
JIM	m	In the twelve years I taught U.S.  History, Civics and current Events at  Millard, I was voted Teacher of the Year  three times - a school record.
JIM	m	Standing in front of a room full of  young people, trying to make them think  that's how I wanted to spend the rest  of my life,
JIM 	m	So would this be an ethical situation  or a moral situation? What's the  difference between ethics and morals,  anyway?
JIM	m	Anybody
JIM	m	Derek
DEREK	m	Uh, ethics is like when you, uh, do  what society tells you is right and  morals are like, uh...
JIM	m	You're on the right track,  who can  help him out?
DEREK	m	..morals are when...
JIM	m	Michelle?
MICHELLE	f	Morals are like lessons, you know, like  the moral of a story; it's what you  learn from a story or a fable or  something. . .
JIM	m	Or a life experience.  Good.  And  ethics?
MICHELLE	f	That's more like, urn... Ethics is how  you use the morals... that you learn  from a story?
JIM	m	Okay.  But we're still missing  something key here.  What are we  missing?
TRACY	f	I know.
JIM	m	Tracy.
TRACY	f	Ethics are...
JIM	m	Tracy Flick.  Tracy Flick.  I've never  met anyone quite like Tracy Flick.
JIM	m	She first showed up in my life as a  freshman delegate in student council.  I'd seen a lot of ambitious students  come and go over the years, but I could  tell right away Tracy Flick was  different.
JIM	m	It wasn't long before everyone knew who  Tracy Flick was.  She made sure of that.   Her drive was astonishing.  Even scary.
TRACY	f	Some people say I'm an overachiever,  but I think they're just jealous.
TRACY	f	My Mom always tells me I'm different --  you know, special. And if you look at  all the things I've accomplished so far,  I think you'd have to agree.
TRACY 	f	Here I am in Oklahoma.
TRACY	f	I'm just a girl who can't say no...
TRACY	f	And here I am on KMHS, our student-run  TV station.
TRACY	f	..that's why Principal Hendricks made  the controversial announcement that the  littering must stop.  Tracy Flick  reporting.
TRACY	f	But it was in SGA, the Student  Government Association, where I made my  biggest mark.  I never missed a meeting,  and I volunteered for every committee as  long as I could lead it.
TRACY	f	I agree with Ashley.  We should rent  the barrels at least a day beforehand.   What happened last time was a travesty,   I mean, we were --
LARRY FOUCH	m	Yeah, no, I know, Tracy.  That's why  we're -- Look, can we just take a vote  on this?
JIM	m	Now at the end of her junior year,  Tracy was poised to win the presidency  of the student body.  And so far she was  running unopposed.
TRACY	f	...the rules of conduct determined by a  culture at a...
JIM	m	Oh.  There's one more thing about Tracy  I think you should know.
DAVE	m	Her pussy gets so wet you can't believe  it.
JIM	m	A few months before the election, she'd  had an affair with my best friend Dave  Novotny.
JIM	m	Don't tell me that.  I don't want to  know that.
DAVE	m	She's incredible.  Everything just gets  soaked.
JIM	m	Dave came to Millard the year after I  did, and we hit it off right away. We  backed each other up in teachers'  meetings and shared an interest in 60's  music and micro-breweries.
JIM	m	You could tell Dave was one of those  guys who taught because they never  wanted to leave high school in the first  place, and that could get a little  irritating sometimes, but basically he  was a real good guy.
DAVE 	m	Foxy. . . Foxy. . . You know you're a  cute little heartbreaker... Foxy... You  know you're a sweet little love maker...
JIM	m	Our wives became best friends too. And  when Dave and Sherry's son Darryl was  born, they asked us to be godparents.
TRACY	f	YOU probably think the worst - that Mr.  Novotny was just taking advantage of one  of his students, but it wasn't like that  at all. Our relationship was based on  mutual respect and admiration. I mean,  during my sophomore year in geometry it  was strictly professional between us --  I mean, nothing.
TRACY	f	It wasn't until junior year when we  worked together on the yearbook that  things got serious.
TRACY	f	One night he took us editors out to  celebrate after a deadline. Eventually  Dave and I were left alone and we got to  talking - not like teacher and student,  but like two adults.
DAVE	m	You know, Tracy... I don't know how to  say this, but...
TRACY	f	what?
DAVE	m	Well, I notice you don't seem to have  any close friends at Millard. You seem  to be kind of a loner.
TRACY	f	No, I'm not. I'm just really busy.
DAVE	m	I know.  I know its not by choice.  I  just mean, well, being the kind of  person you are, it must be really  difficult to find someone you can talk  to.
TRACY	f	What do you mean? What kind of person  am I?
DAVE	m	What kind of person?
DAVE	m	Tracy, I've been watching you for going  on two years now, and I think you are  one of the most talented, hard-working,  sensitive, attractive, brilliant  students -- no, human beings -- I have  ever met.  I mean, you're the real  thing.  Special.
TRACY	f	Thank you.
DAVE	m	And I know sometimes people like you  have to pay a price for their greatness,  and that price is loneliness.
DAVE	m	I don't know.  Maybe I'm wrong.  But it  seems like you might need a friend.
TRACY	f	Since I grew up without a dad, you  might assume psychologically I was  looking for a father figure.
TRACY	f	But that had nothing to do with it at  all.  It was just that Dave was so  strong and made me feel so safe and  protected.
TRACY	f	It was the first time somebody ever saw  the real me, the me that nobody else  knows.
DAVE	m	Here, get down.
DAVE 	m	Look at you.
TRACY	f	When I think back on my relationship  with Mr. Novotny, what I miss most. is  our talks.
JIM	m	You did it at your house?  Your own  house?
DAVE	m	Look, Jim...  Okay.  I know it all  seems crazy, and maybe it did start out,  you know, for the... for the sex and the  danger.  But now it's different.  Jim,  what I'm trying to tell you is that  Tracy and I are totally, totally in  love.
JIM	m	In love?
DAVE	m	Yeah, it's serious.  I mean she  inspires me in ways Sherry never has.   She even wants to read my novel.
JIM	m	But you haven't written your novel.
DAVE	m	That's the whole point. It's all in my  head; it's right here.  I just got to  get it out there. Tracy wants me to  write it so she can read it.  It's  beautiful.
JIM	m	Dave, I'm just saying this as your  friend.  What you're doing is really,  really wrong, and you've got to stop.
DAVE	m	You're not just jealous, are you?  I  mean, we both used to talk about her
JIM	m	That was just talk!  Fantasy talk! What  are you, nuts?  We talk about girls all  the time, but it doesn't mean anything.   I would never. . . I mean, I take very  seriously our strict moral code.  The  line you've crossed is... it's illegal  and it's immoral.
DAVE	m	I don't need a lecture on ethics, Jim,  okay?  I know what --
JIM	m	I'm not talking about ethics.  I'm  talking about morals.
SHERRY	f	Peek-a-boo!
DAVE	m	Look, I appreciate your concern. I  really do.  But like I said, I got it  under control.
JIM	m	I guess I don't have to tell you how  all this turned out.
DAVE	m	Tracy's Mom -- she doesn't understand.
WALT	m	No, I'd say she doesn't.  I don't think  I've ever seen a mother quite so upset.   We're all very, very lucky she doesn't  want this public.
DAVE 	m	But we're in love
WALT 	m	Dave. Dave, look at me
WALT 	m	I want you to get some help.
JIM	m	After Dave got fired, Sherry kicked him  out of the house and filed for divorce.
SHERRY	f	Your novel? Are you fucking kidding me?
DAVE	m	Sherry   Sherry  Sheerrry. ...
JIM	m	He ended up moving back to Milwaukee to  live with his parents. I haven't heard  from him in a long time. Poor guy. I  warned him.
TRACY	f	...certain time in history and
JIM	m	Okay.  We'll pick up here next time
TRACY	f	Now that I have more life experience, I  feel sorry for Mr. McAllister.
TRACY	f	I mean, anyone who's stuck in the same  little room saying the exact same things  year after year for his whole life,  wearing the same stupid clothes, while  his students go on to good colleges and  move to big cities and do great things  and make loads of money has got to be at  least a little jealous.  It's like my  room says - the weak always try to  sabotage the strong.
TRACY	f	One thing that's important to know  about me is that I'm an only child.  So  my Mom is really devoted to me, and I  love her so much.  She wants me to do  all the things she wanted to do in life  but couldn't.
TRACY	f	See, Mom used to be a stewardess for  Northwest and now works as a para-legal.   She likes to write letters to successful  women like Janet Reno and Elizabeth Dole  and ask them how they got to be where  they are and what advice do they have  for me, Tracy, her daughter.
TRACY	f	Nine times out of ten they say you have  to hold on to your dreams no matter  what.  The pressures women face mean you  have to work twice as hard, and you  can't let anything or anyone stand in  your way.
TRACY	f	One per person!  Put those back I
DOUG SCHENKEN	m	Eat me
TRACY	f	Ninety-seven.. .ninety-eight.
TRACY	f	But you know,  winning isn't  everything.  If you play fair and follow  all the rules thoroughly, you'll always  come out ahead.  Win or lose, ethical  conduct is the most important thing.    Just ask Mr. McAllister.
TRACY	f	Mr. McAllister? Mr. McAllister! Wait up
TRACY	f	I got all my signatures.  One hundred  and fifty-eight -- way more than I need!
JIM	m	Hey, that's super
TRACY	f	Here they are.
JIM	m	You can put those in my box.  I'll look  at them tomorrow.
TRACY	f	Could you approve them now?  I'd like  to kick off my campaign right away, you  know, in the morning.
JIM	m	Right
JIM	m	Looks good to me.
TRACY	f	Aren't you supposed to keep them?
JIM	m	NO, that's fine
TRACY	f	I thought you were supposed to keep  them.
JIM 	m	Okay, fine. Sure
TRACY	f	Thanks for everything.
JIM	m	You bet.
TRACY	f	I can't wait to start campaigning.
JIM	m	Should be easy.  So far no competition.
TRACY	f	Hell, you know, Coca-Cola's the world's  number one soft drink, but they spend  more money than anybody on advertising.   I guess that's how come they stay number  one.
JIM	m	Yeah.  Okay.  well, good luck Tracy
TRACY	f	You know, Mr. M., when I win the  presidency, that means you and I are  going to be spending a lot of time  together next year.  And I for one would  like that time to be harmonious and  productive. Wouldn't you?
JIM	m	Sure
TRACY	f	Okay. That's good. I just wanted to  make sure.
JIM	m	Good luck, Tracy.
JIM	m	I don't blame Tracy for what happened  with Dave. How could I? Dave was an  adult more than twice her age.
JIM	m	Sure, she got on my nerves once in a  while, but I admired Tracy. I really  did.
JIM	m	Thank God for Diane.  She was my best  friend, my source of love and strength.   Oh sure, we'd had our share of bumpy  times, but we'd always seen them  through.  After nine years of marriage,  we were closer than ever.  And the  secret? Good communication.
DIANE	f	Anything wrong?
JIM	m	Everything's fine.  Just, you know,  school.
TRACY'S VOICE	f	...You know, Coca-Cola's by far the  number one soft drink... When I win the  presidency we're going to be spending a  lot of time together... a lot of time...  lots and lots and lots of time...  president and advisor. . .
TRACY	f	...harmonious and productive... close  and special... you and I...  so close...  so intimate... together...
JIM 	m	Paul.
PAUL	m	Why. . . ? Why. . . ?
PAUL	m	I was so mad at God when I broke my leg  at Shadow Ridge over Christmas break.
PAUL	m	The doctors told me I'd have to quit  sports for at least a couple years if  not forever.
PAUL	m	...which meant no first-string  quarterback in the fall. It was like the  end of my life!
PAUL	m	When I got back to school everybody was  so supportive, and they all wanted to  sign my cast and everything...
PAUL	m	... but I still couldn't shake the  feeling that now my life had no purpose.  What did God want from me?
PAUL	m	Why did I exist?
PAUL	m	Sometimes you can search everywhere for  answers. Then one day destiny just taps  you on the shoulder. I know, because it  happened to me.
JIM	m	Paul, could I talk to you for a minute?
PAUL	m	Mr. McAllister changed my life. And no  matter what they say he did or did not  do, I believe he is a good man.
JIM	m	Paul, I know you've been pretty down  since your accident.
PAUL	m	I wanted to play next year so bad I  could taste it.  And maybe go on to...
JIM	m	I know.  I understand disappointment.   I really do.
PAUL	m	Yeah.
JIM	m	But you've got a big choice right now.   You can choose to be depressed about it  for the rest of your life. Or you can  choose to see it for what it really is:  an opportunity.  I personally think you  have a big future ahead of you, and I  don't mean the fleeting glory of sports.
PAUL	m	What do you mean?
JIM	m	Let me give you a clue.  You're a born  leader.  You're one of the most popular  students at Millard.  You're honest and  straightforward.  You don't choke under  pressure, as we all saw in that amazing  fourth quarter against Westside.  The  other kids look up to you.  What does  that spell?
JIM	m	Student... council... president.
PAUL	m	Who, me?  Nooo.  I never... I don't  know anything about that stuff, Mr. M.  Besides, that's Tracy Flick's thing.  She's always working so hard and --
JIM	m	Yeah, no, she's a go-getter, all right.
PAUL	m	And she's super-nice
JIM	m	Yeah.  But one person assured of  victory kind of undermines the whole  idea of a democracy, doesn't it? That's  more like a... well, like a  dictatorship, like we studied.
JIM	m	Paul, what's your favorite fruit?
PAUL	m	Huh?  Oh.  Uh... pears
JIM	m	takes a piece of chalk from the lip of  the blackboard.
JIM	m	Okay, let's say
PAUL	m	No, wait -- apples.  Apples.
JIM	m	Fine.  Let's say all you ever knew was  apples.  Apples, apples and more apples.   You might think apples were pretty good,  even if you occasionally got a rotten  one. Then one day there's an orange. And  now you can make a decision. Do you want  an apple, or do you want an orange?   That's democracy.
PAUL	m	I also like bananas.
JIM	m	Exactly.  So what do you say?  Maybe  it's time to give a little something  back.
TRACY	f	The right side is too high. The right  side. Just a smidge.
GUY 	m	Hey Paul, you going over to Anthony's  on Friday, or what did you decide?
PAUL	m	I gotta talk to him first.
TRACY	f	Who put you up to this?
PAUL	m	Huh?  Oh, hi, Tracy
TRACY	f	Who put you up to this?
PAUL	m	What do you mean?
TRACY	f	You just woke up this morning and  suddenly decided to run for president?
PAUL	m	No.  Uh... I just... you know, I just  thought --
TRACY	f	Thought what?
PAUL	m	Well, see, I was talking to Mr.  McAllister about my leg and  everything... and how I still want to,  you know, do something for the school  and --
TRACY	f	So Mr. McAllister asked you to run.
PAUL	m	Well, I mean, you know, I talked to him  and everything, but he just said he  thought it was a good idea... and how  there's all different kinds of fruit  and...  It's nothing against you, Tracy.   You're the best.  I just thought --
TRACY	f	Okay, Mr. Popular.  You're on.
TRACY	f	You might think it upset me that Paul  Metzier had decided to run against me,  but nothing could be further from the  truth.  He was no competition for me: it  was like apples and oranges. It just  meant I had to work a little harder,  that's all.
TRACY	f	You see, I believe in the voters. They  understand that elections aren't just  popularity contests. They know this  country was built by people just like me  who work very hard and don't have  everything handed to them on a silver  spoon.
TRACY 	f	Not like some rich kids who everybody  likes because their fathers own Metzier  Cement and give them trucks on their  sixteenth birthday and throw them big  parties all the time.  They don't ever  have to work for anything.
TRACY	f	They think they can all of a sudden one  day out of the blue waltz right in with  no qualifications whatsoever and try to  take away what other people have worked  for very, very hard their entire lives.   No, it didn't bother me at all I
PAUL	m	Paul... Paul... power... Paul... Paul  for President... progress... promise...  peanut... Paul-i-tics... yeah...  President Paul... Punt for Paul!  No.
TAMMY	f	What?
LISA	f	I told you ... I can't. I just -- It  doesn't feel right anymore, you know?
TAMMY	f	If you could just get out of your head.
LISA 	f	I said no!
PAUL	m	Hey, Tammy, guess what happened today.
TAMMY	f	Don't you fucking knock?
PAUL	m	Yeah.  So guess what happened.  So Mr.  McAllister, he -- Oh hi. Lisa.
TAMMY	f	Paul, get out!
PAUL	m	So Mr. M. calls me in and tells me --
LISA 	f	I gotta go.
TAMMY	f	You dumbshit!
PAUL	m	What'd I do?
TAMMY	f	You know how they say one day a big  meteor might come and crash into the  Earth and kill everybody? Well, I think  that would be a good thing.
TAMMY	f	Lisa
TAMMY	f	Stop! Wait!
TAMMY	f	Where 're you going?
LISA 	f	I'm not like you.
TAMMY	f	What...?
LISA	f	I'm not a dyke, okay, and we're not in  love. We were just... I was just  experimenting.
TAMMY	f	How can something that seems so true  turn out to be such a lie?
TAMMY	f	I mean Lisa and I were destined to be  together. It was so obvious. Of all the  people on the planet who had ever lived,  somehow we'd found each other.
TAMMY	f	Lisa...
TAMMY	f	I remember one time Lisa and I did an  experiment with asparagus to see how  long it takes your pee to smell. We peed  a little every five minutes.
TAMMY	f	For her it took about fifteen minutes,  and for me it was twenty.
TAMMY	f	Everyday I found some new way to tell  Lisa I loved her.
NOTE 	m	If you died right now, I would throw  myself into one of my Dad's cement  trucks and get poured into your tomb.
TAMMY	f	But it just seemed like the closer we  got, the more she pulled away.
LISA 	f	Are you crazy?
TAMMY	f	What?
LISA	f	People can see this.
TAMMY	f	So?
LISA	f	These are private -- these are for us.
TAMMY	f	I know.
LISA	f	But other people can see them too.
TAMMY	f	I don't care.
LISA 	f	Well, I do.
TAMMY	f	What did I do to make her change?  What's wrong with me?
TAMMY	f	Lisa.
TAMMY	f	Sometimes when I'm sad, I sit and watch  the power station.
TAMMY	f	They say if you lie between two of the  main wires, your body just evaporates.   You become a gas.  I wonder what that  would feel like.
TAMMY	f	I don ' t know what I did to make Lisa  hate me so much, but somehow she decided  to hurt roe. And she knew exactly what  to do.
PAUL	m	I sure was surprised the day Lisa  Flanagan asked me for a ride home and  ended up blowing me.
LISA	f	I've wanted this for so long.
PAUL	m	Uhhh... teeth. Teeth.
LISA	f	Sorry.
PAUL	m	Life is so weird.  First Lisa has a big  fight with my sister, and the next thing  you know she's my girlfriend.
PAUL	m	Since Lisa knew all about public  relations and stuff, she offered to help  me with my campaign.  We made a great  team!
PAUL	m	It seemed so natural, the two of us  together.  It was like destiny.
PAUL	m	That spring was perfect.  My leg wasn't  bugging me too much, and the weather was  so nice.  And every afternoon after  school. Lisa and I would go to her house  to fuck and have a swim.  It was like we  were in a world all our own.
TAMMY	f	I had to do something.  I didn't know  what, but I had to do something.
JIM	m	Around that time Diane and I were  hanging out a lot at Sherry Novotny's   house, giving her our love and support  and helping her make it through a  difficult time.
DIANE	f	Jim, don't.  You're scaring him.
JIM	m	He likes it.
DIANE	f	Here.  Give him to me. is little Darryl dizzy?  That's it. .  come here. . .
SHERRY 	f	You got him?
DIANE 	f	Yeah.
JIM	m	Diane really wanted to have kids -- and  so did I -- but it seemed like there was  always a reason to wait: she had to  finish nursing school, I had to get my  masters, we needed a new house, we  needed more money.  Finally we just  decided to go for it...
JIM	m	...but for over a year we hadn't had  any luck.  And Diane was getting  desperate.
DIANE	f	You gonna do it? You gonna do it?
JIM	m	 Yeah, uh, just a minute
DIANE	f	Come on, doit. Doit. Fill me up. Come  on, fill me up
JIM	m	Yeah, just --
DIANE 	f	Do it!
DIANE 	f	Okay!
DIANE	f	Could you hand me the remote?
SHERRY 	f	Say, Jim. Jim.
SHERRY 	f	Could you get this? I can't
JIM	m	Sure.
JIM	m	Without Dave around. Sherry needed a  lot of help around the house.
JIM	m	Here?
SHERRY 	f	More this way.
JIM	m	Okay.  Give me the drill.
JIM	m	I'd always liked Sherry, but we'd never  had a chance to spend any time alone  together.  How with Dave out of the  picture, I began to see what an  incredibly sensitive and giving person  she was.
JIM	m	Plus she had finally dropped all that  weight from her pregnancy, and really  she looked great.
JIM	m	We got to be pretty good buddies.  I  even took her to the mall one time while  her car was in the shop.
SHERRY 	f	What do you think?
JIM	m	You look great
SHERRY	f	I can't afford this stuff right now.
JIM	m	Oh, come on.  You've had a hard year,  you're cooped up with the kid all the  time.  Let go; live a little.
SHERRY 	f	You sure?
JIM	m	So what do you think?  Should we get a  room?
SHERRY	f	Should we get a what?
JIM	m	points at the motel.
SHERRY 	f	Oh.
SHERRY 	f	That's not funny.
DIANE 	f	How'd it go?
JIM 	m	Fine. You know. We just went to  Crossroads.
DIANE 	f	You guys have fun?
JIM	m	Yeah. No. I mean, you know.
DIANE	f	What?
JIM	m	Well, Sherry's great.  But she can be a  little much sometimes.
DIANE 	f	Oh, Jim! Oh, God!
DIANE/SHERRY	?	Oh, God.  Just like that.  Oh yes. Fill  me up...
DIANE/TRACY 	?	Do it, Jim.  Fuck me.
TRACY 	f	Fuck me, Mr. McAllister
JIM	m	So like I was saying, things were going  pretty well in my life.
JIM	m	... that is, until things started going  all haywire with that damn election.
PAUL	m	Tammy? Tammy, what are you doing?
TRACY	f	You're the advisor.  You should stop  her.  She's not qualified.  She's just a  sophomore.
JIM	m	Calm down, Tracy.  Just calm down.
TRACY	f	Are you sure all her signatures are  real?  It's not easy to get all those  signatures.
JIM	m	As far as I know, they--
PAUL	m	We can't both run, can we?  We're  brother and sister.  Can we?
LISA	f	It's a conflict of interest.  And Paul  was first.
JIM	m	Anyone who gets signatures in on time  can run.  And she got in just under the  wire.  Nothing I can do.
TRACY	f	Let me see them.  Let me see them
TRACY	f	These are a bunch of burn-outs. And  look at this one, I can't even read this  one.
JIM	m	Looks like Tim Kobza.
LISA	f	She's doing this to get back at me
PAUL	m	For what?
LISA 	f	I mean at you.
PAUL	m	For what?
LISA	f	I don't know.  You're her brother you  should know.
TRACY	f	Tim Kobza?  Tim Kobza!  Who's he? I've  never heard of him!
JIM	m	Look, why don't we just forget about  Tammy?  We'll have the assembly  tomorrow, everybody'll make their  speeches, and I'm sure everything will  be fine.
JERRY	m	I love Millard High, and I will be a  dedicated vice President. A vote for  Jerry Slavin is a vote for good  government. And even if I can't really  stand up for you, I will. Thank you.
JIM	m	Thank you, Jerry, and good luck. Again,  Jerry is running unopposed for Vice  President. So we'll move on now to the  presidential race with three candidates  running. The first in alphabetical order  is Tracy Flick.
TRACY	f	Poet Henry David Thoreau once wrote, "I  cannot make my days longer, so I strive  to make them better."  With this  election, we here at Millard also have  an opportunity to make our high school  days better.  During this campaign I  have had the opportunity to speak with  many of you about your concerns.  I  spoke with freshman Eliza Ramirez, who  told me how alienated she feels from her  own homeroom.  I spoke with sophomore  Reggie Banks, who said his mother works  in a cafeteria and can't afford to buy  him enough spiral notebooks for his  classes.  I won't bore you with long- winded promises about all the new and  innovative things I will definitely  achieve during the year in which it will  be my honor and privilege to represent  each and every one of you, but I can say  that my years of experience on the  student council have taught me the three  most important attributes the president  needs to possess;  commitment -
DOUG SCHENKEN	m	Eat me
DOUG'S BUDDY 	m	Eat me raw!
WALT	m	If you can't be adults and give these  candidates the courtesy they deserve,  then you don't deserve to be called  adults but children* Because that's what  children are. And you'll be treated like  children. So let's all listen up.
TRACY	f	The three most important attributes the  president needs to possess are:  commitment, qualifications, and  experience.  I'll add one more; caring.   I care about Millard, and I care about  each and every one of you, and together  we can all make a difference.  One of  the things I would like to establish is  a regular open forum where any student  can come and voice their concern about  issues we face here at Millard.  I and  the rest of the student council would  then interface with the faculty and  staff, so a continuous dialogue would  exist.
WALT	m	I'd say she knows a thing or two about  student-faculty dialogue.
TRACY	f	When you cast your vote for Tracy Flick  next week, you won't just be voting for  me.  You'll be voting for yourself and  for every other student Our days won't  be any longer, but they can sure be  better.  Thank you.
JIM	m	The next candidate for student body  president is Paul Metzier.  Paul?
PAUL	m	As many of you know I broke my leg  pretty bad thi3 year and the experience  has made me reevaluate what I want to do  with my life and that is help people  when you think about it a school is more  than a school it's our second home where  we spend all cur time and grow as  individuals and a community but is our  school everything it could be I want our  school to reach its true potential that  is why I am running for president.
PAUL	m	I know what it is to fight hard and win  like when we almost went to state last  fall and I threw that fourth-quarter  pass against Westside for the touchdown  that won the game by three points I  won't let you down like I didn't then I  promise we can all score a winning touchdown together. Vote Paul Metzier  for president thank you.
JIM	m	Okay, Paul. Now our final candidate for  President - another one of the Metzier  clan -- sophomore Tammy Metzier.
WALT 	m	People.  People I
TAMMY	f	Who cares about this stupid election?
TAMMY	f	We all know it doesn't matter who gets  elected president of Millard. You think  it's going to change anything around  here, make one single person happier or  smarter or nicer? The only person it  matters to is the one who gets elected.   The same pathetic charade happens every  year, and everyone makes the same  pathetic promises just so they can put  it on their transcripts to get into  college.  So vote for me, because I  don't even want to go to college, and I  don't care, and as president I won't do  anything.  The only promise I make is  that if elected I will immediately  dismantle the student government, so  that none of us will ever have to sit  through one of these stupid assemblies  again!
STUDENTS 	m	Tammy!   Tammy!  Tammy!
TAMMY	f	0h don't vote for me I  Who cares?  Don't vote at all!
WALT	m	That little bitch made a fool of us I  want her out of the election. Getting  everybody all riled up like that.  She's  finished, you hear me? Washed up.
JIM	m	Walt, we can't throw her out of the  election just because we don't like her  speech.  That's not what student  government's about.
WALT 	m	Yeah... whatever.  All I know is she's  a troublemaker.  She's on my list.
RON	m	All we need to do is send a message, so  maybe we should just suspend her.
WALT	m	Right.  That's it.  She's suspended for  a week!
JIM	m	I think that's a little strong Walt.   Ron?
RON	m	We don't want to make a martyr out of  her.  Three days sounds right to me.
WALT	m	Okay.  Three days.  Take care of it.
TAMMY	f	Being suspended is like getting a paid  vacation.  Too bad it was only three  days
DUDE 	m	Here you go.
TAMMY	f	Hey -- I said lights I
TAMMY	f	What do you want?
PAUL	m	Oh.  Hi, Tammy.  I was just, you know,  I went to all your teachers and got your  assignments.
PAUL	m	I just thought, well, last time you got  suspended you fell so behind and -
TAMMY	f	Okay, Paul.  Thanks.  Thanks a lot.
TAMMY	f	Now could you leave me alone?
PAUL	m	Yeah.  Oh, one more thing. Tammy. You  know, all this election stuff. 'Cause,  you know, everyone is saying it's so  weird that you're running against me,  and, well, it is kind of weird, and you  haven't really told me why you're doing  it and didn't tell me in advance or  anything.  But that's okay, you know.  l  respect your privacy.  I just want you  to know that no matter who wins, if it's  you or me, there's no hard feelings.   We're still brother and sister.  Okay?   Cause... and I hope you feel the same.
TAMMY	f	Sure, Paul.  No hard feelings.
PAUL	m	Okay.  Great.  I feel good.
PAUL	m	Oh.  Oh.  Yeah.  Right.  One other  thing.  Since you know Lisa so well,  could you give me some advice?  I want  to get her something for helping me with  the election.  You know, something  really special -- like flowers or candy  or flowers and candy.  Or is that too  typical?  I mean, can you think of  something? Something really special?   You know, something she'd really like?
TRACY	f	What happened at the speeches was an  unconscienceable travesty. That little  bitch Tammy Metzier wanted to make a  fool out of me. Well, it wasn't going to  work. People do care who wins. Things do  matter.
TRACY	f	Eric, the "r" is supposed to be green,  not blue.
ERIC 	m	Oh. Okay.
ERIC	m	So, Tracy, I was wondering if after we  finish with these you'd like to go to a  movie or something.
TRACY	f	That's okay.  I'm too busy.
TRACY	f	People are so ungrateful.  If all those  students who cheered for Tammy Metzier  only knew how hard I worked for Millard.   Like all the late nights I spent at the  yearbook office just to give them their  memories.
TRACY	f	One of my duties was to clean up the  group photos.  It was a cinch with our  new software.
TRACY	f	Let's see... "save" is Command "S."   Okay.
TRACY	f	I didn't do this.  I didn't do it.
JIM	m	There's your culprit
JIM	m	Shall we give it a name?
SHERRY	f	Dave.
SHERRY	f	Did you know Dave's a bed wetter?
JIM	m	No, I... uh, didn't know that
SHERRY	f	All his life.  He's tried everything.
JIM	m	Still clear?
SHERRY	f	Yep.
JIM	m	We'll let it run awhile
SHERRY 	f	This one's clean.
SHERRY	f	I guess you'd better get to work huh?   You're going to be late.
SHERRY 	f	Thank you, Jim.
SHERRY	f	Hey Yeah?
SHERRY	f	Take me to that motel.  Like you  wanted.
JIM	m	Right now?
SHERRY	f	Easy, tiger.  Come by after school.  I'll leave Darryl with the sitter.
JIM	m	Three twenty-five.
SHERRY 	f	Three twenty-five.
JIM	m	What had blossomed between Sherry and  me was too real, too powerful to deny.  For the first time in years, I felt free  and alive!
JIM	m	So as you can imagine, my thoughts  weren't on the election that Monday  morning.
JIM	m	My thoughts were only on Sherry, on how  perfect she felt inside. There was a  special poem I wanted to read to her  later, at the motel, as she lay next to  me.
VOICE 	m	Mr. McAllister to the Principal's  Office.  Mr. McAllister to the  Principal's office.
LISA	f	It's not fair.  It's not fair
PAUL	m	I just don't think anybody would do  something like that on purpose.  It must  have been some kind of mistake. Like a  maintenance thing.
WALT	m	Jim, where the hell have you been?
JIM	m	Nowhere.  I don't have class until  second period.
WALT	m	Even tried you at home.  We've got a  situation here.
LISA	f	If Paul loses tomorrow, it's not fair.   There has to be another election,  with  posters.
JIM	m	What's the problem?
LISA 	f	Didn't you see?
WALT	m	Somebody tore down their posters.
LISA	f	Those posters cost a lot of money we  don't have I  There's no time to make  any more posters, there's no --
WALT	m	We'll get to the bottom of it.
PAUL	m	We still have some extra ones, don't  we?  Maybe we can just --
LISA	f	It was Tammy I  That's who it was.
PAUL	m	Oh, no, hey.  Like I said. Tammy  wouldn't... she...
WALT	m	Well, that speech she gave -- it was  pretty, you know, pretty out there.  But  we'll get to the bottom of it.  Don't  you worry. Mr. McAllister is going to  see to that.  Right, Jim?
JIM	m	Oh yeah, you bet.
LISA	f	She should be expelled.  Or worse!
WALT	m	You two just go back and focus on your  studies.  Mr. McAllister's going to  handle this.
MR. BECKMAN 	m	Tracy?
TRACY	f	When I arrived at school that morning,  I was shocked to find that one of my key  banners had been removed by vandals. I  noticed that a few of my rival's posters  had also been tampered with. Of course,  I was outraged, but one day before the  election is not the time to lose your  head over a couple of posters. When  you're in the public eye, attacks like  that just come with the territory.
JIM	m	Tracy. Come on in. And shut the door  behind you.
JIM	m	I guess you know why you're here
TRACY	f	If it's about the posters, I think it's  so awful. It's a travesty.
JIM	m	A travesty.  Huh.  That's interesting,  because I think you did it.
TRACY	f	Wait - are you accusing me? You're not  serious.  I can't... Mr. McAllister, we have  worked together on SGA for three solid  years and... I mean, I can't believe it.   I'm... I'm shocked!
TRACY 	f	Mr. M., I am running on my  qualifications.  I would never need to  resort to, you know, to vandalism like  a, you know... Plus, my own best banner  was torn down.  Did I do that too?
JIM	m	Were you or were you not working in the  Watchdog office over the weekend?
TRACY	f	I was.  So?  Mr. Pecharda let me in.   As you know, with all my  responsibilities I often come in on the  weekend and have permission to do so.   But I left very early, around 6:30.
JIM	m	6:30.  How do you know what time the  posters were torn down?
TRACY	f	I don't.  I just know they were there  when I left.  I'm giving you helpful  information is all.  You know, instead  of wasting time interrogating me, we  should be out there trying to find out  who did this.
JIM	m	Okay, Tracy, so who do you think did  it?  Whom should we "interrogate?"
TRACY	f	well, I don't know.  It could have been  anybody.  There are a lot of, you know,  subversive elements around Millard.  You  know, like Rick Thieson and Kevin Speck  and those burn-outs.  Or Doug Schenken - what about him?  Or what about Tammy Metzier?  Her whole thing is being anti- this and anti-that.
JIM	m	You're a very intelligent girl, Tracy.   You have many admirable qualities.  But  someday maybe you'll learn that being  smart and always being on top and doing  whatever you need to do to get ahead,  and yes, stepping on people to get  there, well, there's a lot more to life  than that.  And in the end, you're only  cheating yourself.
TRACY	f	Why are you lecturing me?
JIM	m	This isn't the time or the place to get  into it, but there is, for just one  example, a certain former colleague of  mine, who made a very big mistake, a  life mistake.  I think the lesson there  is that, old and young, we ail make  mistakes, and we have to learn that our  actions, all of them, can carry serious  consequences.  You're very young, Tracy  underage, in fact -- but maybe one day you'll understand.
TRACY	f	I don't know what you're referring to,  but I do know that if certain older and  wiser people hadn't acted like such  little babies and gotten all mushy,  everything would be okay.
JIM	m	I agree.  But I also think certain  young and naive people need to thank  their lucky stars and be very, very  grateful the whole school didn't find  out about certain indiscretions which  could have ruined their reputations, and  chances to win certain elections.
TRACY	f	And I think certain older persons like  you and your "colleague" shouldn't be  leaching after their students,  especially when some of them can't even  get their own wives pregnant.  And they  certainly shouldn't be running around  making slanderous accusations.   Especially when certain young, naive  people's mothers are para-legal  secretaries at the city's biggest law  firm and have won many successful  lawsuits. And if you want to keep  questioning me like this, I won't  continue without my attorney present.
JIM	m	Okay, Tracy.  Have it your way.
TAMMY	f	You wanted to see me, Mr. M.?
JIM	m	Just wait outside. Tammy.
TAMMY	f	Okay.  But is this about the posters?
JIM	m	Possibly.  Please just wait outside.
TAMMY	f	Okay.  Because I know who did it.  So.. I'll  just be outside.
JIM	m	Tracy, don't go away.  Come in, Tammy.
TRACY	f	This ought to be good
JIM	m	So... what do you have to tell me?
TAMMY	f	Well, this is hard for me, but I think  it's important to be honest. Don't you?
JIM	m	What is it. Tammy?
TAMMY	f	I'm the one.  I did it.  I tore down  Paul's posters.
JIM	m	Looks at her skeptically  doesn't say a  word.
TAMMY	f	I did it.
JIM	m	And when did you do it?
TAMMY	f	This weekend.
JIM	m	Exactly when?
TAMMY	f	I don't know. Yesterday.  Sunday.
JIM	m	And how did you get in the school?
TAMMY	f	Door was open.
JIM	m	Which door?
TAMMY	f	I don't know. All I know is I did it I
JIM	m	I don't believe you.
TAMMY	f	I have proof.
TAMMY	f	You don't know what it's like to grow  up in the shadow of an older brother  like Paul.  it's always Paul, Paul,  Paul, Paul.  Never Tammy.  I'm only  Paul's little sister.  You must be
JIM	m	Final  I don't know what your problem  is, but if that's the way you want it,  that's the way it'll be.  I don't have  time.  You're out of the election, and  I'm turning you over to Dr. Hendricks.
JIM	m	Tracy?
TRACY	f	Yes?
JIM	m	Looks like today's your lucky day
TRACY	f	What do you mean?
JIM	m	You're off the hook. Tammy here has  confessed.
TRACY	f	I told you!  I told you!  You're going to pay for my banner!
JIM	m	That's enough, Tracy.  Quit while  you're ahead, okay?  I'll handle this.  Could you ask Walt to come in?
JIM	m	The rest of the day was unbearable.  I  kept smelling Sherry on my clothes and  on my fingers and I just couldn't wait  to get out of there.
JIM	m	I wanted everything to be perfect that  afternoon, so I decided to give myself a  little time to prepare during eighth  period.
JIM	m	Pop quiz, everybody
JIM	m	No whining.  If you've done your  reading, this is an easy one.
JIM	m	I'd have exactly forty-eight minutes to  make all the arrangements.
JIM	m	If you finish early, just sit quietly  and check your work.  I'll be right  back.
JIM	m	Okay, everybody, pass them forward.   Stephanie, put down your pen.
JIM	m	I'll see you all on Wednesday. And  don't forget to vote tomorrow.
JIM	m	Sherry I
JIM	m	Sherry I It's Jim!
JIM	m	Sherry
JIM	m	Oww! Fuck! Jesus fuck!
JIM	m	By any chance, has a woman shown up in  the last half-hour or so?  Maybe she was  looking for me.
EMPLOYEE	m	Nobody's come in here looking for  anybody.  Just you.
JIM	m	Are you sure?
EMPLOYEE	m	You okay?
JIM	m	Sherry, it's me.  Are you there? Pick  up.  Okay, it's 4:32.  I came by at 3:25  like we said and waited, but you weren't  there.  Anyway, I hope you're okay --  I'm worried about you. So now I'm just  at the...  at the place we talked about.   Suite 219.  So I'm here.  Everything's  all set.  You can just come over.  Can't  wait. Okay.  Bye.
DICK METZIER	m	I don't get it.  What you have against  your mother and me, against your brother  Paul, is completely beyond me.  And your  mother is extremely upset, she's at the  end of her rope.  Your behavior gets  crazier and crazier and wilder and  wilder, and who knows what the hell else  you're doing out there that we don't  even know about?
TAMMY	f	Dad, I
DICK	m	Don't you smartass me!  Don't you dare  smartass me!  You just shut your mouth I  Now your mother and I have had a long talk  with Halt Hendricks  --- we just got off  the phone with him at home. You know, he  doesn't want you back at Millard.  He's  fed up with you.  Fed up!  And I don't  blame him!
JO 	m	Dick... Dick,..
DICK	m	What?
JO 	m	Tammy,  now we've come to a decision.   He just think it would be best --
DICK	m	You're going to Catholic school next  year.  You're going to Sacred Heart.   Maybe they'll straighten you out!
JIM	m	Okay
JIM	m	As I walked out of my home that  evening, unsure if I'd ever return, my  entire life in question, I somehow  discovered within myself a place of  perfect peace.   Oddly, in my solitude I  felt more than ever a sense of communion  with every human being - past, present  and future.  Because no matter what we  tell ourselves, no matter what illusions  of friendship and family we create, each  of us is always and forever profoundly  alone.
TRACY	f	Dear Lord Jesus, I do not often speak  with You and ask for things, but now I  really must insist that You help me win  the election tomorrow, because I deserve  it and Paul Metzier doesn't, as You well  know.  l realize that it was Your divine  hand that disqualified Tammy, and now  I'm asking that You go that one last  mile and make sure to put me in office  where I belong, so that I may carry out  Your will on Earth as it is in Heaven.   If elected I promise that I will pray  more often.  Okay?  Amen.
TAMMY	f	Dear God, I know I don't believe in  you, but since I'll be starting Catholic  school soon, I thought I should  practice.  Let's see... what do I want?   I want people to be nicer to each other.   I want Lisa to realize what a bitch she  has been and feel really bad and  apologize for how she hurt me and know  how much I still love her.  In spite of  everything, I still want Paul to win the  election tomorrow, not that cunt Tracy.   I also want a really expensive pair of  leather pants... and someday I want to  be really good friends with Madonna.   Love, Tammy
PAUL	m	Dear God, thank You for all Your  blessings.  You have given me so many  things, like good health, nice parents,  a nice truck, and what I've been told is  a large penis, and I'm very grateful.   But I sure am worried about Tammy.  In  my heart I still can't believe she tore  down my posters, but sometimes she does  get so weird and angry.  Please help her  be a happier person, because she's so  smart and sensitive, and I love her.   Also, I'm nervous about the election  tomorrow, and I guess I want to win and  all, but I know that's totally up to  You.  You'll decide who the best person  is, and I'll accept it.  And forgive my  sins, whatever they may be.  Amen.
JIM	m	Sherry never came home that night.  I  know, because I spent the entire night  in her driveway.
TRACY	f	Mom and I got up at five AM, and  together we custom-iced three hundred  and fifty cupcakes.
TRACY	f	Mom?
MRS. FLICK	f	Hmmm?
TRACY	f	I think I'm going to lose today
MRS. FLICK	f	What are you talking about? This time  tomorrow, you'll be president
TRACY	f	You really think so?
MRS. FLICK 	f	Tracy Flick's a winner.
JIM	m	I had no choice but to go home. I  needed to shower, get fresh clothes,  explain what I could to Diane.  But what  was I going to say?  That our marriage  had become a charade?  That making love  with Sherry had given me a vision of a  better life?
JIM	m	Then again, maybe I could slip in and  out without waking her up.
TRACY	f	Good morning, Mr. M.
TRACY 	f	Looks like you could use a cupcake!
TRACY 	f	What's wrong with your eye?  Are you
JIM	m	Cupcakes.  Jesus Christ.  Cupcakes? My  life was crumbling, and I was expected  to care about these ungrateful kids and  their pathetic little dreams.  As if my  only purpose in life were to serve them.
JIM	m	Mr. McAllister.  Mr. McAllister.  Somebody tore down my posters. It's not  fair.  It's not fair. Can I have an A?   Can I have a recommendation?  Can I?   Can I?
JIM	m	Well, fuck them.  Didn't I have my own  life?  Didn't I have my own dreams?
JIM	m	Cupcakes
MR. BECKMAN 	m	Hey, Jim. Big day today
JIM	m	Oh, yeah. Big day.
MISS BEEDER	f	Attention, everyone.  We have an  important announcement from our  principal. Dr. Hendricks.
WALT	m	Good morning, students.  It, uh,  behooves me to inform you of an  important change in today's elections.   Effective this morning...
WALT	m	. .. sophomore Tammy Metzier has  been... Metzier has been determined  ineligible - I repeat: ineligible -- for  SGA president.  You may not vote for  Tammy Metzier.  All other candidates are  eligible.  Now please pay attention to a  very important, uh, audio-visual  presentation. Linda, who typed this thing?  I said I  need all caps....
CLARK	m	Hello, students,  I'm Clark Naylor of  Joslyn's Educational Resources.  It's  election day, and how you vote will make  a big difference in the activities,  events, and perhaps even the policies of  your school.  Over the past few days or  weeks, you've heard candidates for the  various offices make their speeches and  tell you where they stand.  You've  probably seen their posters.  Maybe  you've even had a chance to speak with  them personally.
CLARK 	m	Well, today marks the end of  campaigning, and now the spotlight turns  to you. Voting is your privilege and  your responsibility. Remember, no one  needs to know for whom you've voted.   That's between you. . . and you.
CLARK	m	Now I'd like to introduce you to Tony.  Tony's going to show you how to cast  your vote.  Are you ready, Tony?
TONY 	m	I think s0
CLARK 	m	Good.  Let's get started
SHERRY'S VOICE	m	Hi.  You've reached the Novotnys. We're  not around, but we'll call you back real  soon.  Have a nice day.
JIM 	m	Are you there?  Sherry, are you there?   It's Jim.  Why did you do that?  I trusted you.  Completely.  You've ruined my life. Do  you know that?  Do you realize that?   Huh?  Do you?  You've ruined Diane's  life.  You ruined my life.  is that what  you wanted?  I'm sorry.  It's just... I'm going nuts  here.  Okay, all right, so... Really,  I'm sorry.  I just think we should talk,  okay?  I love you.
JIM	m	If only my own life could be corrected  so easily, with nice fat black lines  drawn neatly through my sins.
SALESLADY	?	And Sacred Heart is such a good school.  Excellent school. The public schools are  going downhill, as far as I'm concerned.
JO	m	Well, we've had good luck at Millard,  but for this one it's time for a change.
SALESLADY	?	So what do you think?  Sacred Heart has  the prettiest.  They have that nice hint  of purple.
TAMMY	f	I hate it.
JO	m	You're just going to have to get used  to it.
TAMMY	f	Please, morn.  Please don't make me go  to Sacred Heart.  I beg you.
JO	m	We'll take two.
TRACY	f	When the time came to cast our votes, I  stood in line just like everyone else.
TEACHER 	m	Hi, Tracy
TRACY	f	Tracy Enid Flick.
TEACHER 	m	I know.
TRACY	f	Phil you ready?
PHIL	m	Ready.
PHIL 	m	Just a second.  My flash.
STUDENT 	m	Come on, Tracy.
TRACY	f	Just wait.
TRACY	f	Thanks, Phil.
PAUL	m	Way to go, Tracy!  Isn't this exciting?
TRACY	f	Yeah.
PAUL	m	Hell, good luck!
TRACY	f	Good luck to you too, Paul.
PAUL	m	Thanks!
PAUL	m	It's so weird.  DO people always just  vote for themselves?  'Cause looking at  my own name on the ballot, I just... I  don't know, I just felt like it's not  right to vote for yourself.
LARRY	m	Okay, Mr. M.
JIM	m	What?  Right.  So let's start counting.
LARRY	m	Well, I thought that... well, the way  it always works is that SGA president  does a count, then the SGA advisor, you  know, for the two independent counts.
JIM	m	Fine.  So do your count.  Start with  president, and I'll be right back.
LARRY	m	You have the key, Mr. McAllister.
JIM	m	Right.  I know.
LARRY 	m	Are you okay, Mr. M.?
ANOTHER STUDENT 	m	What happened to your eye?
JIM	m	I'm fine.  It's just a bee sting, a  simple little everyday bee sting. Some  people, they get stung, it's no big  deal.  Me, I swell up.  Okay?
JIM	m	I just want to get this over with, so  we can have the assembly and go home.   We don't have much time until eighth  period.  I have other things going on,  too, you know.
LARRY	m	Okay.  Yeah.  We know
JIM	m	All right.  I'll be back
SHERRY'S VOICE 	m	Hi.  You've reached the Novotnys. We're  not around, but we'll call you back real  soon.  Have a nice day.
SHERRY 	f	What do you want, Jim?
JIM	m	You're there.
SHERRY	f	Yeah.  I'm here.
JIM	m	Sherry... I love you.
SHERRY 	f	Don't say that.  You know it's not  true.
JIM	m	It's the only true thing I know  anymore.
SHERRY	f	We made a mistake.  Let's not make it  worse.
JIM	m	A mistake?  That was no mistake.
SHERRY 	f	I was lonely.  You took advantage
JIM	m	Me?  I took advantage of you?  You  hugged me!  You kissed me!  You're the  one who --
PAUL	m	Hey, Mr. M. Big day, huh?
JIM	m	What d'you got?
LARRY	m	I'm not supposed to tell. Not until  you've counted too. We're each supposed  to make an independent count.
JIM	m	You're kidding, right?
LARRY	m	I thought those were the rules, Mr.  McAllister. If they've changed in any  way --
JIM	m	Larry, we're not electing the fucking  Pope here. Just tell me who won.
LARRY	m	It's a squeaker, Mr. M. I've got Tracy  by a vote. Just one vote.
LARRY	m	Mr. M.?
JIM	m	Huh.  Okay.  Well, I guess I'd better  do my count.
DALE	m	Sputnik.
MR. FLAGG 	m	Right.  And what year was that?
DALE	m	1958?
MR. FLAGG	m	Almost.  1957.  So the point here is  when we found out about Sputnik, we got  really scared.  It seemed like no matter  what we had and kept secret, they could  develop it too.  A-bombs, h-bombs,  rocket ships.  And this time we were  behind them.  So -- February 1961,  Kennedy tells Congress and the American  people he wants to go to the moon.  May  1961, the Apollo program is announced...
TRACY	f	You know that moment when they announce  the winner of a beauty pageant?  When  Miss Texas or whoever suddenly realizes  she's Miss America, and all she can do  is scream and weep and hug the losers?   I had my moment in the hallway that  Tuesday afternoon with no one to hug but  myself.
JIM	m	I was at the end of my count when it  happened.  I'd come up with exactly the  same numbers as Larry:  Tracy had won  the election by a single vote, 256 to  257.  I was about to announce my tally  when...
JIM	m	The sight of Tracy at that moment  affected me in a way I can't fully  explain.  Part of it was that she was  spying, but mostly it was her face.  Looking at her, you might think she was  a sweet, innocent teenage girl. But she  wasn't sweet.  And she wasn't innocent.  She was selfish and cynical and  ambitious and thought nothing of  destroying the lives of others to get to  the top. who knew how high she would  climb in life, how many people would  suffer because of her? I had to stop her  now.
JIM	m	Larry?
LARRY 	m	Yeah?
JIM	m	I think we've got a problem.
WALT	m	253... 254... 255. I get the same as  you Jim. Looks like Paul's our  president.
LARRY	m	No way I It doesn't make sense.
WALT	m	Sorry. My figures work out exactly the  same as Jim's. 256 for Paul, 255 for  Tracy.
LARRY	m	And 290 "disregards," right?
WALT 	m	If you say so.
JIM	m	Mostly Tammy fans
LARRY	m	See, it doesn't add up. There are only  801 ballots but 803 people voted. Two  votes are missing. Check the register.
JIM	m	He's right. Two people must have  pocketed their ballots. Usually it's  more.
LARRY	m	But, they were there I counted 803  votes.
JIM	m	It happens, Larry. People make  mistakes.
LARRY	m	I didn't make a mistake. Every vote was  there when you sac down
WALT	m	Whoa! Easy, Fouch. I don't like where  you're going.
LARRY	m	I'm telling you. Dr. Hendricks, every  vote was accounted for.
JIM	m	Larry? We've got twenty-five minutes  until the assembly, and we still have to  do counts for VP, Treasurer and  Secretary. Mr. Hendricks and I have both  verified the numbers, and unless you can  come up with the ballots you claim are  missing -
LARRY 	m	But, Mr. M. -
WALT	m	Fouch, that's enough! End of story.
TRACY	f	Paul, I just want you to know that no  matter how this turns out, you've run a  wonderful campaign. It's been fun  competing with you.
PAUL	m	Yeah, you too, Tracy.  I'm just glad  it's over.
TRACY	f	Yeah.
PAUL	m	You know, I don't understand why  everybody bad-mouthed Tracy all the  time.  She was always super- nice to me.
JIM	m	If we could get started.  People! Once  the winners are announced, we can all go  home, okay?
JIM	m	Some contests are so well fought that  is seems unfair for someone to win and  someone to lose.  I think that's the  case with all the candidates you see  before you today.  All of them are  highly qualified and embody the, uh, the  integrity we expect from our school  leadership.
TRACY	f	Act surprised. Walk slowly to the  podium.  Be modest.  Thank them for this  incredible honor.
JIM	m	That said, the whole point of an  election is to choose winners, and that  you have done.  We'll begin with  president.
JIM	m	Let me add that this was an  extraordinarily close race. It's my  pleasure to announce the next president  of Millard High School.
JIM	m	Paul Metzier!
PAUL	m	Geez, you guys, thanks a lot.  I mean,  wow, thanks.  I promise to do my best  and really do a good job and be a good  president.  And I want to thank Lisa  Flanagan for being a super campaign  manager. And I just want to say that I  think Tracy would have made a great  president too and that she really  deserves a big hand.
JIM	m	And now, for vice-president.
JIM	m	Could I get a...?
PAUL	m	Wow! Mr. McAllister! This is so wild.  We came to celebrate my victory, and I  can't believe it. Here, these are my  parents.
DICK METZLER 	m	Hi. Dick Metzier. My wife --
PAUL	m	This is great.
JIM	m	JIM McAllister.
JO METZLER	m	JO Metzier. You know, Paul just thinks  the world of you. Oh, if you could just  hear him...
DICK	m	Yeah, say, apparently you've really  come behind him, really helped him out  there with the student council thing and  all.
PAUL	m	I never would have ran if it wasn't for  Mr. M.
JIM	m	Paul doesn't need any of my help. He's  going places.  You should be very proud.
JO	m	We are
DICK	m	Having a problem with your eye there?
JO	m	Dick.
JIM	m	Just a bee sting.
DICK	m	You ought to get that looked at. Shot  of cortisone or something.
JIM	m	Thanks, I'll be fine.
DICK	m	Anyway, we're awful sorry about what  went on with our other one, you know,  our Tammy.
JO 	m	We were mortified...
JIM	m	Oh, she's not a bad girl.  She'll come  around.
JO	m	... but we've had some good talks, and  I think we're sorting things out.  We're  starting her at Sacred Heart in the  fall.
JIM	m	Good school.
DICK	m	Say, you're all alone,  why don't you  join us?
PAUL	m	Yeah!
JIM	m	Oh, no.  No.  I'm just finishing up  here, and I've got to get home.
PAUL	m	Why don't you guys go sit down, okay?   I'll catch up in a minute? I want to  talk to Mr. M. about some important  stuff.
DICK	m	All right.  Well, sure nice to meet  you.
JO	m	So nice
JIM	m	You bet.
PAUL	m	So, Mr. M,  I was starting to think  about ideas for next year. I was  thinking it would be cool to have, like  a carnival.  With rides.  And, you know,  it could be for, like. Muscular  Dystrophy.
PAUL	m	And on Halloween we could have a  haunted house.  But a really good  haunted house, not like those cheesy bad  ones.  You know, more like the radio  station ones.  This one would be really  scary.  And for Homecoming -- well, you  know how last year's theme was -
JIM	m	Paul... Paul.... We'll have plenty of  time to get into all this later.  A  whole year, in fact. Right now I just  need to finish my pie and get home.
PAUL	m	Oh, okay.  Yeah, sorry.
PAUL	m	Just one more thing.  So, Mr. M., uh,  do you think Tracy's going to be okay?   I saw her face after the assembly, and I  think she's taking it pretty hard.
JIM	m	Don't worry about Tracy.  She'll be  fine.
TRACY	f	One vote... one vote
BARBARA	f	Why don't you take a couple of my  pills, darling? You'll feel better.
BARBARA 	f	Don ' t worry. .. don ' t worry. . .  sshhhhh... that's it, baby... that's it,  darling. Everything's going to be fine.
BARBARA	f	Maybe you needed more posters, honey.  Or if you'd taken my suggestions about  your speech. I don't know. We'll figure  it out.
JIM	m	Diane, I...
JIM	m	I don't know how Diane and I made it  through that night, but we did.  Our  marriage had gone right to the brink,  but in the end I guess it was saved by  one simple fact: we truly loved each  other.  So we made a commitment to begin  the painful process of piecing our lives  back together.  The worst was over; the  mistakes of the past were behind us.
JIM	m	The next day held the promise of a new  beginning. After all, what harm had  really been done? No one was dead.
JIM	m	Hi, Linda.
JIM	m	Life would go on, and I would certainly  be a stronger and wiser person from the  experience.
MISS BEEDER 	f	Uh, Jim?
JIM	m	Hmm?
MISS BEEDER 	f	Walt needs to see you.
JIM	m	Oh.  Okay.
JIM	m	You rang?
WALT	m	Mr. McAllister, I hope you can help us  clear something up.
BARBARA	f	Look at his face!  He knows he's been  caught. Look at his face! Your ass is grass, Mister!
LARRY	m	You said I was a liar   You're the  liar, you're the --
WALT 	m	Larry, you just take it easy
MS. HOY	f	Yo --
CLASS 	m	pierdo.
MS. HOY	f	Tu
CLASS 	m	pierdes.
MS. HOY 	f	El/ella -
CLASS 	m	pierde.
MS. HOY 	f	Senor presidente?
MS. HOY 	f	Quieren verte en la oficina.
PAUL	m	Huh?
PAUL	m	Senor presidente. Yo soy senor  presidente... El grande presidente...
PAUL	m	I don't know why, but finding out there  was a mistake and I hadn't won the  election after all didn't bother me that  much. Winning had seemed kind of unreal  anyway. I guess I should have voted for  myself. Oh, well.
WALT 	m	Take a seat, son. We've got something  hard to tell you.
PAUL	m	Is Tammy okay?
WALT	m	She's okay. It's about the election.
JIM	m	After Paul got the bad news, Walt asked  for a few minutes alone with me. It was  very simple, really. I offered my  resignation, and he accepted. Very  quietly, it was all over for JIM  McAllister at Millard High - twelve  years of hard work down the drain.
JIM	m	Walt will be speaking with you about  this, but I need you to find someone to  take over my classes. The lesson plans  for the rest of the year are in my top  right drawer.
MISS BEEDER 	f	Okay, Jim. I understand.
JIM	m	Thanks. Well. I'm going home now.
JIM	m	I don't remember driving home, or much  of anything that happened in the next  few days.
JIM	m	There were news stories in the paper  and on television, former students  calling with their support, endless  hours of doing nothing, thinking  nothing.
JIM	m	Diane stood by me through the entire  humiliating ordeal, in a way, it sort of  evened things out between us.
JIM	m	Soon school was over, and summer  stretched out in front of me as it  always had. Funny how the rhythm of the  school year remains ingrained in you for  life. in mid-June we found out Diane was  pregnant.
PAUL	m	Senior year was great I Sure, I didn't  get to play ball or be president, but I  got elected homecoming king and prom  king anyway. I got into Nebraska like I  wanted and early-rushed Phi Delts. At  the end of the year me and my buddies  threw a hitching Mexican party down at  the cement plant. Shit, that was a good  party. That was a good party!
PAUL	m	The only really bad thing about senior  year was Lisa. Right before Christmas  she dumped me. One minute she's totally  in love with me and then boom she's  going out with my football buddy Randy.
PAUL	m	Sometimes I wonder what would've  happened if I'd actually won the  election.  Maybe my whole life would be  different.  Like I might never have gone  to Yosemite with Greg and Travis.
PAUL	m	Or maybe I'd be dead.
TAMMY	f	Catholic school was great!
TAMMY	f	I mean, the teachers kind of sucked,  and they were supposedly way more  strict, but you could get away with  murder.
TAMMY	f	The best thing about Sacred Heart was  meeting Jennifer.
TAMMY	f	All those feelings I had for Lisa were  just preparing me for the real thing.   Jennifer and I are soul mates, and we're  never, ever, ever going to be apart.
TRACY	f	Senior year was very productive for me  and full of personal achievement.
TRACY	f	Order.  Order.  Order I  Can we vote on  this?  Those in favor.
TRACY	f	On top of a very successful student  council year, I got into Cornell like I  wanted, with scholarships, and I was in  the top 7th percentile of my graduating  class.
TRACY	f	But sometimes I got lonely, and I'd  think about Dave.  I missed our talks.   Maybe it could have worked out between  us.  I don't know.
TRACY	f	I wonder what he's doing now. Maybe he  finally finished his novel
TRACY	f	When the yearbooks came out, I was on  almost every page.
TRACY	f	Paul, will you sign my yearbook?
PAUL	m	Sure, Tracy.
TRACY	f	Can I sign yours too?
PAUL	m	Oh, yeah, sure.  Hey Nolan, give my book to Tracy when  you're done*
TRACY	f	I thought very carefully about what to  write.  Because despite everything that  had happened with the election, I really  wished him well.  I even signed it...
PAUL	m	Thanks, Tracy.
PAUL	m	Hey, Tracy I..
TRACY	f	Yes, Paul?
PAUL	m	Have a great summer.  And good luck at  college.
TRACY	f	Thanks.  You too.  It was great working  with you.
TRACY	f	After graduation, I don't know.  ;  somehow felt empty inside.  I guess high  school just seemed so meaningless now  and I couldn't wait to get out of Omaha.   Next year I was going to make all new  friends.  Smarter, more ambitious  friends.  It was time to move on. There  was nothing left for roe here.  I just  had one more thing to take care of.
JIM	m	After two months of sitting on my ass  and two months helping out at my  brother-in-law's travel agency...
JIM	m	...I landed a position at a Saturn  dealership.
JIM	m	I never thought I'd end up selling  cars, but it's not so bad. I like the  Saturn philosophy -- it really is a  different kind of company.
JIM	m	I'm just relieved to have a steady  income now that there are three of us.
JIM	m	Actually, it wasn't so difficult making  the transition from teaching to selling.   It's like I tell my customers: my role  is just to educate people so they can  make informed decisions.
JIM	m	When I send someone home with a new  unit, I feel a genuine sense of pride.
JIM	m	So that's about it.  Maybe I'll get  back to teaching someday, but for the  time being, I guess I'm pretty happy  where I'm at.
SALESMAN 	m	Hey, Professor.  There's a young gal  out here asking for you.
JIM	m	Oh
SALESMAN	m	She's a real hot tamale.
TRACY	f	Hello, Mr. M.
JIM	m	Hello, Tracy.
JIM	m	So what brings you here?
TRACY	f	I'm looking at new cars.
JIM	m	Oh.  New cars.  I see.  Well, you came  to the right place
TRACY	f	My mother's buying me a new car for  college.
JIM	m	Huh.  Right.  College.  Wow.  Where are  you going?  Where 'd you get into?
TRACY	f	Well, I got in everywhere I applied,  but Cornell is my first choice.
JIM	m	Good for you.  Good for you
JIM	m	So, are you looking for something  sporty or more practical?
TRACY	f	Sporty.
TRACY	f	Where to?
JIM	m	Anywhere you want. Just so long as we're not gone more  than a half-hour.
JIM	m	Handles pretty good, don't you think?
TRACY	f	Yeah.
JIM	m	Plenty of pep, too.
TRACY	f	Uh-huh.
JIM	m	And this model comes with ABS and dual  air bags standard.
TRACY	f	That sounds good.
JIM	m	So Tracy?
TRACY	f	Yes?
JIM	m	Why are you doing this?
TRACY	f	Doing what?
JIM	m	Coming to see me.  Are you trying to. .   humiliate me?
TRACY	f	Nooo.  I just thought...  l mean, I am  looking for a new car.  But I just  thought, well, I'm going away soon, and  you'll be stuck here and, I don't know,  I just think maybe if things had been  different we might have been, well,  friends. Real friends.  And then things  would be different.  Don't you think?
JIM	m	Well, I... I... that's very nice of  you.
TRACY	f	I've got an idea.
JIM	m	What's this?
TRACY	f	My house.
JIM	m	I don't understand.  What's the deal?
TRACY	f	I want you to do something for me.
JIM	m	Swallows, unsure what heaven or hell  awaits him.
TRACY	f	I just have to get something. I'll be  right back.
JIM	m	Oh, is this...?  God. First one of these I haven't been  in for a long time.
TRACY	f	Would you sign it for me?
JIM	m	What a surprise.
TRACY	f	Take as much room as you want
TRACY	f	I'm scared, Mr. M. I kind of don't feel  ready for college.
JIM	m	You'll be fine.
TRACY	f	I hope so
JIM	m	You will.

