  GRACE	f	Yeah, fly boy... that's it... go...  go... go...
  ANNIE	f	That little shit!
  ANNIE	f	Hi Lucy?... Did I wake you?... Have  you read the Post?... They've got a  little item about me and Fiske. He's  saying I fired him and that I faked  the new circulation figures.. Ha, ha...  Oh, please... It's the last act of a  desperate gnome... Set up a phone call  with Don Farlow for 9:30...
  JUDITH	f	It's warmer than I thought.
  GRACE	f	You want to go to a movie tonight?
  JUDITH	f	I thought your mom's coming up?
  GRACE	f	So?
  JUDITH	f	My parents are having friends from  college over. They're really nice...  They have this gorgeous son who wants  to be a forest ranger.
  GRACE	f	Can I come? I'll start a fire...
  GRACE	f	Hello, beautiful boy.
  GRACE	f	Stop... Will you stop!
  GRACE	f	Show-off.
  ROBERT	m	Hello?
  ANNIE	f	It's me.
  ROBERT	m	Hi.
  ANNIE	f	Hi.
  ROBERT	m	So, what, uh, what train are you taking?
  ANNIE	f	I should be in by two.
  ROBERT	m	Okay. You want me to pick you up?
  ANNIE	f	Sure... What's Grace up to?
  ROBERT	m	Riding with Judith.
  ANNIE	f	I'm sorry about last night. I shouldn't  have brought it up over the phone.
  ROBERT	m	That's okay. We have to talk about it  and we're not always in the same place ... so... I just have to get used to it. What do you want to do about dinner?
  ANNIE	f	I don't know. We'll figure it out.
  ROBERT	m	Okay. We'll see you later then.
  ANNIE	f	Yeah. Bye.
  ANNIE	f	DON! My love, how are you? Did you hear  about Fiske?... No, suing is too  civilized. Can't we get your friend at Le  Cirque to serve him a fatal piece of  poached salmon?... Ha, ha... That's even  better...
  GRACE	f	...Oh, come on! You think the same thing!
  JUDITH	f	I just could never say it!
  GRACE	f	Do you want to go around by the  old road?
  JUDITH	f	Why don't we just cut through the  woods?
  GRACE	f	You want to go down or stay along  the river?
  JUDITH	f	We already did the river. Let's go down  and across the old bridge. We can circle  back.
  ANNIE	f	... So what did you say to her?
  KEVIN	m	I said, thank you very much...
  VARIOUS CHARACTERS	m	Dinner!!... He's so cute.... Why don't I  get those kind of interviews?... Look,  he has husband number eight written on  his forehead...
  ANNIE	f	All right, all right, all right... Kevin,  good job. Write the interview. If I don't  like it, you may have to sleep with her  for a follow-up! Now... I'm thinking about another fashion  designer spread... Who's news out there?
  LUCY	f	Hold on. Gottschalk.
  ANNIE	f	Quiet... Quiet!
  ANNIE	f	David?
  DAVID GOTTSCHALK	m	Who's there?
  ANNIE	f	Everyone. Working overtime. Just for you.
  DAVID GOTTSCHALK	m	Did you speak to Farlow?
  ANNIE	f	Yes. We're suing.
  DAVID GOTTSCHALK	m	Is that absolutely necessary? It'll just  make it a bigger story.
  ANNIE	f	David, he signed an agreement that he  wouldn't talk to the press and he's  libeled me by saying I faked the figures.  You're not going soft on me, are you?
  DAVID GOTTSCHALK	m	Well, I suppose we could use another  good public feud...
  ANNIE	f	Exactly...
  GRACE/JUDITH	?	"I met him at a party and he told me how  he like to drive me home... He said he  liked to do it backwards..."
  GRACE	f	"... I said it--"
  JUDITH	f	"... and I said that"...
  GRACE	f	No, wait, it just goes... "he said he  liked to do-"...
  JUDITH	f	What was --
  JUDITH	f	Grace!
  GRACE	f	JUDITH!
  JUDITH	f	GRAAACE!
  GRACE	f	PILGRIM, COME ON! MOVE!
  GRACE	f	Jude, you okay?
  JUDITH	f	I'm okay... I'm okay.
  GRACE	f	JUUDE!!!
  ROBERT	m	Hello? Paul, hi -- are you guys back?  How was it? Oh that sounds great. Oh  Paul.. hold on...
  LIZ	f	Robert! Are you there?... Robert! It's  Liz!... Look, there's... there's been  an accident... Uh... Jesus... uh...
  ANNIE	f	Yeah?... Hi. I made the 1:00 so...
  ANNIE	f	WHAT!?
  ROBERT	m	Judith's dead.
  ANNIE	f	What about Grace?
  ROBERT	m	She was in pretty bad shape. They've  done a C.A.T. Scan -- she has some  hemorrhaging...
  DOCTOR	m	But nothing we can't handle...
  ANNIE	f	Where is she now?
  DOCTOR	m	Surgery.
  ANNIE	f	Surgery! For what-?
  ROBERT	m	Annie, her leg was shattered -- what  they call the distal epi.. epi..
  DOCTOR	m	Distal epicondyle of the femur...
  ROBERT	m	They have to take the leg off.
  ANNIE	f	Which leg?
  ROBERT	m	What difference does it make?
  LIZ	f	... His skull, cheek, and nose are  severely fractured. He has a deep  chest wound. I'm not even sure it  can be closed.
  LOCAL TRACKER	m	Animal should be put down -- anybody can  see that.
  ANNIE	f	That bag's almost empty.
  ROBERT	m	No, it's got a little left. They'll be  in to change it.
  ANNIE	f	Robert, you leave it up these people...!
  ANNIE	f	Excuse me, my daughter needs a new
  NURSE	f	We have her down, we'll be right in.
  ANNIE	f	I'd like it taken care of now please.
  ANNIE	f	You have to keep on top of these people  or else they just sit on their --
  ROBERT	m	I'm sorry.
  ANNIE	f	Tch. What are you --
  ROBERT	m	Thank you.
  LIZ	f	Annie, it's Liz. How's Grace?
  ANNIE	f	Her leg was shattered so they had to,  uh... remove it. She had some bleeding  but it's under control.
  LIZ	f	Oh God, Annie, I'm so sorry. I... I  know you're being hit with a low now,  I don't want to take too much of your  time but I have to talk to you about  Pilgrim.
  LIZ	f	It's not good. I've never seen an animal  with these injuries still breathing. I  know this is difficult to hear right now  I'd like your permission to put him down.  It's the really best thing we can do for --
  ANNIE	f	Wait, uh, I, I don't understand. Start  again -- He's alive...
  LIZ	f	Yes, but he's in a tremendous pain...
  ANNIE	f	Well, of course, right...
  ROBERT	m	What is it?
  LIZ	f	We really shouldn't wait...
  ANNIE	f	Hold on, Liz... Something about Pilgrim...
  DOCTOR	m	Mr. and Mrs. MacLean...
  ANNIE	f	-- put him down. She says...
  ROBERT	m	Yes. Hi. Tell her you'll call her back.
  ANNIE	f	Liz, listen, the Doctor's here and I  just can't, uh... talk now... so --
  LIZ	f	I understand, but Annie, please...
  ANNIE	f	- See, what you can do for him --...
  LIZ	f	Annie, no matter what I do, this horse  will never be the same.
  ANNIE	f	... I just don't know right now! Do  whatever you can and when Grace is --
  LIZ	f	It isn't right to make him suffer...
  ANNIE	f	And I can say the same thing about my  daughter! But she is suffering! Can you  solve that problem! I can't deal with this now, Liz! If you  need a yes or no right now, then no --  don't do it! Not until I know Grace is  all right. Now, please! Just do what you  can. Okay?   (softer) Please.
  LIZ	f	All right...
  ANNIE	f	What did he say?
  ROBERT	m	Nothing new. He's just going off duty.
  ANNIE	f	I'm going to get all the nurses'  names... It's good to know all their  names.
  ANNIE	f	I should go get some of her things.
  ROBERT	m	No, let me go.
  ANNIE	f	No, I'll go. You stay... In case she  wakes up.
  ROBERT	m	I saw Judith's parents while you were  at the apartment... I wanted to say something... But I... I was so relieved that Grace  was still... that it wasn't our daughter.
  ANNIE	f	We're very lucky.
  ROBERT	m	The funeral's on Friday.
  ROBERT	m	Oh, uh, I meant to tell you... Alex  brought that fabric over...
  ANNIE	f	Okay.
  ROBERT	m	It's on the table by the phone. I didn't  know what to tell him... ... Whether or not we were... ... if we still we're thinking of redoing  the couch.
  ROBERT	m	... And uh... Mario called about moving  the wisteria?
  ANNIE	f	Oh. Right. I'll call him.
  ANNIE	f	"SHE'S LOVES THE THEATRE BUT NEVER COMES
  ROBERT	m	"She loves the free..."
  ANNIE	f	Sing it to me, Frankie!
  ROBERT	m	How's my pregnant chick!
  ANNIE	f	You can hardly get your arms around me.  How depressing. You're so early.
  ROBERT	m	I had to excuse myself from a meeting.  It's ridiculous. I kept thinking about  the baby... you... and, I swear, I was  going to start bawling right into my  briefs.
  ANNIE	f	Aw... that's so sweet.
  ROBERT	m	I love you.
  ANNIE	f	Do you? Do you really?
  ROBERT	m	Hi, sweetheart...
  GRACE	f	Have you heard from Judith's parents?
  ROBERT	m	No, not yet.
  GRACE	f	How's Pilgrim doing?
  ANNIE	f	Liz is taking care of him. The doctor said the sooner you start  therapy the better the chances are you  can --
  GRACE	f	I can't even get out of bed yet! You're  already putting me in therapy!!
  ROBERT	m	The doctor said whenever you're ready.  Take your time. You tell us... But he  thinks it'll only be a few months, then --
  ANNIE	f	Did you get her fresh towels?
  GRACE	f	Dad! I can do it, OK?!
  ROBERT	m	OK, OK.
  GRACE	f	You all go ahead. I'll be up by  Christmas.
  ROBERT	m	Do you want something else, honey?  We order something else?
  ANNIE	f	Why don't you go lie down?
  GRACE	f	I don't want to lie down. I've been  lying down enough.
  ROBERT	m	You want to watch some television?
  GRACE	f	Maybe... look -- just...
  GRACE	f	I got it! I got it!
  ANNIE	f	You've got to stop doing that?
  ROBERT	m	Doing what?
  ANNIE	f	Helping all the time! Running to her  every time she trips or falls...  Anticipating her all the time.
  ROBERT	m	You know, Annie, this didn't just happen  to you.
  ROBERT	m	Honey, you all right? Did something  fall?
  ANNIE	f	Do you want any help?
  ANNIE	f	Dad'll pick you up today, all right?
  GRACE	f	Okay.
  ANNIE	f	You'll be fine.
  ANNIE	f	I don't care what he told you! The  man's a liar! The man's an actor, for  Christ's sake. They're all liars!  They'll say anything to get a cover...
  GRACE	f	It's too hard.
  ANNIE	f	Oh, honey... What happened?
  GRACE	f	Doesn't matter. I... I don't want to  come back, that's all.
  ANNIE	f	Oh. Well, what are you going to do? You  have to go to school, honey. I mean, what --
  GRACE	f	I'm not coming back! That's it! I want to  go home!
  ANNIE	f	Grace, listen to me. Your body is just  healing. You have to give the rest of you  time as well...
  GRACE	f	Is that your version of a pep talk?
  ANNIE	f	You are not staying home all day feeling  sorry for yourself. You're going to get  up and you're going to figure this out.
  GRACE	f	Fine!
  ANNIE	f	It's still early. What's your next class?
  GRACE	f	Gym!
  GRACE	f	Dad?
  ROBERT	m	What, sweetheart?
  GRACE	f	I want to see Pilgrim.
  LIZ	f	Hello... It's so good to see you. How ya  doing?
  ROBERT	m	She's doing just grea. Aren't you  kiddo?
  GRACE	f	I'm fine.
  LIZ	f	Well, come on. He's out back now... Mind how you go. It's pretty muddy back  there.
  GRACE	f	Why is he in the back? Why isn't he in  the barn with the other horses?
  LIZ	f	Well, Grace, you see... Pilgrim just...  isn't the same horse he used to be. As a matter of fact, maybe now's not  the best time to --
  GRACE	f	I really want to see him.
  GRACE	f	Hello, beautiful boy...
  LIZ	f	You should have told her, Annie. I  tried to explain to you how bad it was...  I guess you had to see it. But, there's  nothing to be done. This animal's beyond  help. Annie, can I have your permission  now to put him down?
  ANNIE	f	No.
  ANNIE	f	"It was in America that horses first  roamed..."
  ANNIE	f	"A million years before the birth of  man, they grazed the vast empty plains of  grass and crossed to other continents  over bridges of rocks... They first knew  man as the hunted knows the hunter, for  long before man saw horses as a means to  killing other beasts, man killed them for  meat..."
  ANNIE	f	"...The alliance with man would forever  be fragile -- for the fear he'd struck  into their hearts was too deep to be  dislodged... Since that Neolithic moment  when a horse was first haltered, there  were those among men who understood  this..."
  ANNIE	f	"... They could see into the creature's  soul and soothe the wounds they found  there..."
  ANNIE	f	"...For secrets uttered softly into  troubled ears, these men were known as  The Whisperers..."
  RONA	f	Hey, darlin'.
  TOM	m	Hey, Rona. Sorry I'm late.
  RONA	f	I wouldn't know what to do if you were  on time.
  TOM	m	You're looking fit.
  RONA	f	Fit? You want to check my teeth. Good crowd today. I think you'll have  some fun. You going to stay for dinner?
  TOM	m	If it's not too much trouble, I thought  I might.
  RONA	f	Kind of trouble I'm in the mood for.
  TOM	m	Oh-oh... Maybe I better get back in the  truck.
  TOM	m	... It's always kind of interesting to  hear the horse's side of the story...
  TOM	m	Now if he was cranky or lazy, like you  say he is, we'd be seeing his tail  twitching there and his ears back,  maybe. But this isn't a cranky horse,  it's a scared horse. You see how braced  he is up around the neck back there.  He just doesn't know which way to turn...
  TOM	m	You see how he keeps pointing his  hindquarters in at me? Well, I'd guess  the reason he seems reluctant to move  out is because when he does, he gets in  trouble for it.
  THE WOMAN	f	He's not good at transitions, you know?  When I want him to move from a trot to a  lope, say...
  TOM	m	Well, I'm sure that's what you think but  that's not what I'm seeing. You may think  you're asking for a lope, but your body  may be saying something else altogether.  You might be putting too many conditions  on him. For instance, you might be saying  "GO, but, hey, don't go too fast." He can  tell that from the way you feel. Your  body can't lie. You ever give him a kick  to make him move out?
  THE WOMAN	f	He won't go unless I do.
  TOM	m	And then he goes and you feel like he's  going too fast, so you yank him back? And next thing you know, he's bucking. Well, if someone told you to go, stop,  go, stop -- you'd buck too.
  TOM	m	It's a dance, see... Somebody has to lead  and somebody has to follow.
  TOM	m	I want him to get so he can leave real  soft. He's getting the idea now. He's  not all braced up and tense like he was  at the start. He's finding out it's okay.
  TOM	m	You see that? He's getting better  already. Pretty soon, if you work at  it, you'll be able to make all these  transitions easy on a loose rein. Yeah, and pigs'll fly. He's going to be okay -- so long as you  don't go yanking on him.
  TOM	m	Look, the truth is it's all about self- preservation. These animals. ... well, they just have such big hearts,  you know? There's nothing they want more  than to do what you want them to do. But  when the messages get all confused, the  only thing they know to do is try and  save themselves... Now, why don't you go  saddle up and see what happens.
  TOM	m	They won't ever hold a thing against  you. They're the most forgiving  creatures God ever made.
  TOM	m	Okay, who's next?
  TOM	m	Now God has another idea entirely with  the mule.
  WOMAN	f	Excuse me.
  WOMAN	f	Hi. I'm Dale. I just wanted to -- I can't  get over the way he felt under me after  you'd finish with him. Everything had  just, I don't know, freed up or something.
  TOM	m	Well, that'll happen.
  WOMAN	f	Where did you learn all this stuff?
  TOM	m	What stuff is that?
  WOMAN	f	About horses? I'd love to learn more  about it myself. Do you offer any  private lessons for riders?
  TOM	m	 (getting the message) Well... Dale... you know, a lot of this  stuff... it just... nuts and bolts.
  WOMAN	f	What do you mean?
  TOM	m	Well, if the rider's nuts, the horse  bolts. That's the whole lesson right there.  You have a good day now... Just... keep  on freeing yourself up.
  RONA	f	Oh I clear forget. You had a call from  some woman in New York. She sounded  pretty wound up.
  TOM	m	I don't any woman in New York. But from  what I hear, most of them are wound up.
  RONA	f	The number's by the phone.
  RONA	f	What are you looking at, young man?
  TOM	m	How long were you married?
  RONA	f	Long enough.
  TOM	m	You ever miss it?
  RONA	f	Does a horse miss a saddle?
  TOM	m	Sometimes.
  RONA	f	Well as a matter of fact, I don't... most  of the time.
  TOM	m	You know, Rona, we weren't all that good  together even when we were good together.
  RONA	f	Honey... I was always good.
  ANNIE	f	You know it's perfectly shot, it's  perfectly cropped, it's perfectly laid  out and I'm so bloody bored, I'd rather  buy a Motor Racing magazine -- Start  over.
  ANNIE	f	Uh, would you all excuse me a moment?
  ANNIE	f	This is Annie MacLean.
  TOM	m	Yeah. Hello. This is Tom Booker. I got a  message you called.
  ANNIE	f	Oh! Yes. Thank you for calling back. Uh,  all right, let me try to explain my  situation as briefly as possible... You  see, my daughter had an accident with  her horse... They were both injured and  she, my daughter, she hasn't been able  to... fully... uh... It was an extremely  traumatic experience... and uh...
  ANNIE	f	I went on the Internet and found this  article about you... It says you're a Horse  Whisperer, that you... you help people  with horse problems. And you have quite a  success rate when it comes to traumatized --
  TOM	m	Well, see, truth is, ma'am, I help horses  with people's problems.
  ANNIE	f	Well, you know, however you want to put  it -- I got your information from the  publisher of the article. I called  Montana and your sister-in-law, I think,  gave me this number. I'm been hot on your trail you could say  because I was hoping you'd consider  coming to New York and taking a look at  my daughter's horse and possibly --
  TOM	m	Ma'am, I'm very sorry about your problems  and I appreciate what your daughter must  be going through, but I'm afraid you've  misunderstood whatever it is you read. I  don't do that sort of thing.
  ANNIE	f	Well, if you could just come for the day.  New York's only a few hours by plane,  I'd have you home by dinner...
  TOM	m	Look, even if it was nearer, that's just  not what I do. I give clinics. And I'm  not even doing them for a while. I'm  heading back to Montana right now. I got  a ranch to take care of...
  ANNIE	f	I'll pay you for your fare. I'll send you  to Montana first class.
  TOM	m	Ma'am, first class to Montana is a waste  of good money. Now, am I being too polite  here or when I say NO in Utah, does that  mean YES in New York City?
  TOM	m	I, I don't mean to sound insensitive. I  understand your situation. But there's  nothing I can do. You just called the  wrong person, that's all. I hear there  are a bunch of therapists in New York.  Maybe you should call one of them.
  ANNIE	f	Mr. Booker, if I could just ex --
  TOM	m	I am very sorry, ma'am. Goodbye now.
  ANNIE	f	Grace? Grace, it's mom.
  ANNIE	f	Grace. What are you doing?
  GRACE	f	I can't find that charm Daddy gave me  from India.
  ANNIE	f	I brought it to you in the hospital.
  GRACE	f	No, you didn't.
  ANNIE	f	Grace, I put it on the table near your --
  GRACE	f	Doesn't matter.
  ANNIE	f	Have you decided about Pilgrim?
  GRACE	f	What about him?
  ANNIE	f	Well... how you feel all right about  telling Liz to put him down...
  GRACE	f	I think we should. It's not fair to let  him suffer. He's not much use anymore.  He'd hate living like that.
  ANNIE	f	I think that's... very compassionate  and... mature way of looking at it.
  GRACE	f	Mom?
  ANNIE	f	Yeah?
  GRACE	f	Maybe they should put me down too.
  ANNIE	f	What?
  GRACE	f	I mean, I'm not much use anymore. Why  can't they be compassionate to me?
  ANNIE	f	How was the dinner?
  ROBERT	m	All our "favorite" people were there  saying all their "favorite" things about  their "favorite" subjects. I thought to  myself, we've been friends with these  people almost twenty years and nobody  knows anybody. We're so afraid we won't  like each other and have nobody go to  dinners with.
  ANNIE	f	Why did you go?
  ROBERT	m	They're still our friends, Annie. It's  nothing serious. You kid about them all  the time... And I could tell Paul really  appreciated me being there.
  ROBERT	m	Did you get a hold of that horse guy?
  ANNIE	f	Yeah.
  ROBERT	m	What did he say?
  ANNIE	f	No.
  ROBERT	m	I was thinking... Maybe we should think  about the three of us going someplace  warm... Remember that house we rented in  Bermuda... The pink one with the --
  ROBERT	m	Shit.
  ROBERT	m	What was I saying?
  ANNIE	f	About us going someplace warm...  Someplace Grace'll have to wear shorts  or bathing suits or summer dresses...
  ANNIE	f	Robert, I want to take Pilgrim out to Mr.  Booker. Drive him out to Montana... With  Grace.
  ROBERT	m	I don't understand. You just said he  said no.
  ANNIE	f	He did, but... I think I can change his  mind.
  ROBERT	m	That's the craziest thing I ever heard.  Absolutely not.
  ANNIE	f	Robert, Grace isn't adjusting to school.  And she can't sit in this apartment all  day... I think it would be good for her.
  ANNIE	f	I've called Liz. They can set me up with  a trailer for Pilgrim. I thought we'd  stay at motels along the way...
  ROBERT	m	You've already made arrangements!?
  ANNIE	f	No. I was just researching. Calm down.
  ROBERT	m	I come home and you tell me we're going  to drive a psychotic horse to Montana! I  can't just pick up and leave...
  ANNIE	f	I'm not asking you to. I'll do it.
  ROBERT	m	You want to do this by yourself? How?  You can't take care of Pilgrim all the --
  ROBERT	m	What... Bo-... What about the magazine?
  ANNIE	f	I'm in charge. I went back very soon  after the accident. They didn't expect me  for a couple of months. I'll just take  that time now... I can still oversee  things from Montana... Take my fax...  My computer...
  ROBERT	m	No. It's, uh... No, I really don't think  it's a good idea
  ANNIE	f	Why?!
  ROBERT	m	Her psychiatrist... said... she needs  security now... stability...
  ANNIE	f	I can't say he's been all that effective  with her.
  ROBERT	m	Are you a psychiatrist? He said it takes  time.
  ANNIE	f	I don't care what he says! We have to do  something, Robert! I can't sit here and  trust everything's going to work out just  by pretending it will.
  ROBERT	m	I'm not pretending anything!
  ANNIE	f	What?
  ROBERT	m	I thought... well, ever since the  accident, I just thought we...
  ROBERT	m	I really wish I could understand why  you think this is so necessary.
  ANNIE	f	Robert, we're losing her. We're losing  her. I don't care what the doctors say. The  truth is, they don't know anymore than  we do -- less, when it comes to Grace...  This may not sound sensible or... logical,  but nobody's suggesting anything better.  I can't explain it, Robert. I just have  this feeling... this annoying... bloody  feeling that if... if, somehow, Pilgrim  can be made all right... then so can Grace.  I just know it!
  ROBERT	m	What if she doesn't want to go?
  ANNIE	f	She will if you think she should.
  ROBERT	m	And you think it's best if I don't come.
  ANNIE	f	No, that's not what I said. I'm not a  dictator. If you feel you should come,  then come. Just do whatever you think  is right.
  GRACE	f	I'm not going! I don't care what she  says!
  GRACE	f	Daddy?... I don't want to go.
  ANNIE	f	Maybe we should give him another  sedative.
  LIZ	f	Problem is, there aren't many  volunteers. He's already had enough  to sink a battleship. You have a  pin, just in case?
  ANNIE	f	Of course not.
  LIZ	f	Probably best. You may want to shoot  yourself half way to Ohio.
  ANNIE	f	You want to take your bath? We have to get up early tomorrow. You  may not have enough time to --
  GRACE	f	Fine -- I'll take my bath.
  ANNIE	f	No, I don't mean you have to. It's just  that we may not have enough --
  GRACE	f	-- enough time tomorrow. I know.
  ANNIE	f	Look, if you want to take it in the  morning, that's fine.
  GRACE	f	I don't care.
  JANNIE	f	Take it now.
  ANNIE	f	What, sweetheart? What?
  ANNIE	f	It's sleeping in a strange bed,  that's all. Happens sometimes. It's  Ok. It's OK.
  ANNIE	f	Okay, listen -- let's do this. When  I get to the next motel, I'll see if  they have a fax. If not, I'll call  you tomorrow to --
  ANNIE	f	Uh Lucy, look, I have to go. OK...  Later.
  ANNIE	f	Grace! GRACE!
  ANNIE	f	Would you like to put your music on  up here?
  ANNIE	f	IT'S ALMOST LUNCHTIME. ARE YOU
  GRACE	f	Whatever you want.
  ANNIE	f	Fine!
  GRACE	f	Fine.
  ANNIE	f	Fine!
  ANNIE	f	"Whatever you want!" Well, this is what  I want. I want to eat lunch and I want  to smoke a cigarette and I want to keep  talking to myself for the next two  thousand fucking miles..."!
  ANNIE	f	You should call your dad before it  gets too late.
  GRACE	f	I already did. This morning. When you went running.
  ANNIE	f	Oh. You didn't tell me.
  GRACE	f	I didn't know I had to.
  ANNIE	f	You don't.
  WOMAN	f	Annie... Annie, sweetheart... wake  up.
  WOMAN	f	Bad news I'm afraid. Your Daddy's  gone.
 ANNIE	f	Grace, look!
  ANNIE	f	Would you like to see that?
  GRACE	f	I don't care.
  ANNIE	f	I don't care.
  ANNIE	f	This'll be nice. We haven't seen any  of the sights yet. It's history. When  I was thirteen I used to love seeing  things like this.
  GRACE	f	You were never thirteen, Mom.
  GRACE	f	Great idea. So now what?
  ANNIE	f	How long is this going to go on?
  GRACE	f	What?
  ANNIE	f	You know what I mean? Is this it now? Is this the way we're  going to be from now on?
  ANNIE	f	Do you want us to turn around and go  back home? Do you?
  GRACE	f	What are you asking me for? You didn't  ask me if I wanted to come in the first  place -- now I get to decide? Forget it!
  ANNIE	f	Who do you think I'm doing this for?  I'm doing this for you!
  GRACE	f	Bullshit! It's about you! About you  deciding! About you always being  right! You always getting everything  your way, controlling everybody --  like we work for you or something!
  ANNIE	f	I don't believe this!
  GRACE	f	You just want to get away from Daddy  and you're using me to do it!
  ANNIE	f	That's not true! Whatever problems your  father and I are having, have nothing  to do with this.
  GRACE	f	You're amazing! You act like I don't  live in that house! Don't you think I  hear the two of you!? Don't you think  I can tell what's going on? I'm not  five years old, Mom! You want to divorce Daddy and Daddy  doesn't want to.
  ANNIE	f	Did he tell you that?
  GRACE	f	He doesn't have to! It's, like, so  obvious you can't stand him.
  ANNIE	f	That's not true!
  GRACE	f	Then why do you want to leave?
  ANNIE	f	It's... it's not that simple to explain.  I know you think it is, but it's not.  The truth is, I don't really know what  I want to do. I don't have all the  answers.
  GRACE	f	No, you just act like you do.
  PARK RANGER	m	You okay, ma'am?
  ANNIE	f	Yes. Fine.
  PARK RANGER	m	That young lady is getting a little  worried.
  ANNIE	f	I'm sorry. I'm sorry...
  ANNIE	f	You buckled up? You cold?
  GRACE	f	Little.
  GRACE	f	Gee, this looks like a fun place.
  ANNIE	f	Don't they believe in signs here?
  GRACE	f	What would they say? "Ten miles to big  rock." "Twenty miles to bigger rock."
  ANNIE	f	There was supposed to be a turn off.  Did I miss it?
  GRACE	f	I didn't see it.
  ANNIE	f	... after left, stay on main road until  rise, then... What bloody rise?!? What main road!?
  JOE	m	Can we take a look at Bronty's foal  when we're done here, Dad?
  FRANK	m	Sure. As long as she don't mind.
  JOE	m	There's a kid at school says we  should've imprint-trained him.
  JOE	m	He says if you do it soon as they're  born, it makes them real easy to handle  later on.
  FRANK	m	That's what some folks say.
  JOE	m	There was this thing on the TV about a  guy who does it with geese. He has this  airplane and these baby geese all grow  up thinking it's their mom, and he flies  it and they just follow. You hear 'bout that, Uncle T?
  TOM	m	Yeah, I hear about that.
  JOE	m	Well, what do you think about that  stuff?
  TOM	m	Well, Joe, I'll tell ya -- I don't know  a whole lot about geese. Maybe it's okay  for them to grow up thinking they're  airplanes. But horses, as far as I can  tell, can't fly.
  JOE	m	We expecting company?
  TOM	m	I don't believe it.
  FRANK	m	You know her?
  ANNIE	f	Hello, Mr. Booker. Annie MacLean. From  New York. We talked on the phone.
  ANNIE	f	It's, uh... beautiful country. I had a  little bit of a hard time finding the  place. There are no signs.
  TOM	m	Plenty of signs -- just none of them  printed. Who do I get the idea you're  not just passing through!
  ANNIE	f	Well... OK... here it is... Uh... I'd  like you to take a look at my horse.  Now -- it won't take long and if, after  that, you still don't feel...
  TOM	m	Were you thinking of personally driving  me back East?
  ANNIE	f	Oh no. She's here. I brought him along.  And my daughter, too. We're staying at  Peterson's...
  TOM	m	You mean you hauled him all the way out  here? Just like that?
  ANNIE	f	Well... yes... I had a trailer. It's not  like I made him run along side of the car.
  TOM	m	All by yourself?
  TOM	m	I uh... ha, ha... I don't think I ever  met a lady quite like yourself and I  appreciate all the pains you've gone  through to --
  ANNIE	f	Look! Please! Don't do the "shucks,  ma'am" thing again! I've driven a few thousand miles for a  few minutes of your time. I've brought  him here -- to your neck of the... -- mountains. Just take a look at him.  If you still feel the same way, I'll  be on the road by morning and you'll  never see me again. OK? Deal?
  ANNIE	f	We're at Peterson's. Whenever you're  free. You don't even have to call.
  GRACE	f	MOM! The door!
  GRACE	f	Yeah?
  TOM	m	Uh, I'm Tom Booker. Your mother  around?
  GRACE	f	She'll be right out. She's on the  phone.
  TOM	m	First time in Montana?
  TOM	m	She gonna be long?
  GRACE	f	Probably. She's on the phone twenty- three hours a day.
  TOM	m	What does she do?
  GRACE	f	She's an editor.
  TOM	m	Mmm. An editor.
  GRACE	f	Not like books or literature or anything.  Just a magazine... Just in case she  hasn't told you -- which I'm sure she  hasn't -- I don't want to be a part of  this, OK?
  ANNIE	f	Sorry about that. Hi. Grace, this is  Mr. Booker... Have you looked at  Pilgrim?
  TOM	m	Uh, no. I was gonna take a look now.
  ANNIE	f	You want us to come with you? I just  have to run to the main house and give  Mr. Peterson a check.
  TOM	m	Doesn't matter.
  ANNIE	f	Grace?... Grace, you want to come with  us, take a look at Pilgrim?
  TOM	m	Probably best she stays behind, anyway.
  TOM	m	Okay now... Okay now...
  ANNIE	f	Well... You're closest anyone's  gotten.
  TOM	m	I have to be honest. I still feel  you made a long trip for nothing.
  TOM	m	But before I even think about it, I  need to know something here and now.  It's a question for Grace here.
  TOM	m	When I work with a horse, it's no good  just me doing it. It doesn't work that  way. The owner needs to be involved too.
  ANNIE	f	Well, that'll be a little complicated --
  TOM	m	You can make it as complicated or as  easy as you like. But she's the one  who's gonna be riding him, am I right?  So here's the deal. I'm not sure I can  do anything, but I'm prepared to give  it a go -- -- if you'll help. You have a problem with that?
  GRACE	f	Isn't it like, obvious?
  TOM	m	Not to me. Either you want to or you  don't.
  ANNIE	f	Look, I'll talk to Grace and call you  later--
  TOM	m	Excuse me, with all due respect, but  this is her decision, not yours. And I  don't want to waste anybody's time --  mostly mine.
  GRACE	f	Well, there's nothing else to do around  here.
  TOM	m	Not good enough. I can't help you.
  GRACE	f	What do I have to do?
  GRACE	f	I said, what do I have to do?!
  DIANE	f	... well, I just think she's got a lot  of nerve showing up here. Draggin' that  child and that poor animal all the way...
  FRANK	m	Oh hell, I don't know... According to Tom,  she's a pretty determined woman. Must've  thought it was worth it.
  DIANE	f	I guess they'll want feeding and all, out  here all day long.
  TOM	m	I don't believe they'll expect that.
  DIANE	f	What, they ain't going forty miles into  Choteau everytime they want a hamburger.
  FRANK	m	Mixed salad.
  DIANE	f	What?
  FRANK	m	I believe women from New York eat mixed  salads. Ain't that right, Tom?
  TOM	m	I believe so. Saw it on a television  show, once.
  DIANE	f	Well, that's just what we need on a cattle  ranch -- a vegetarian from New York.
  JOE	m	When you figure on branding?
  FRANK	m	Weekend after next...
  TOM	m	If the weather holds.
  JOE	m	What's an editor do anyway?
  DIANE	f	We're not sure, sweetheart, but they  eat like rabbits.
  ANNIE	f	... the phone company's putting in extra  lines. I'll call back with the numbers.  Oh, and I want you to get in touch with  this lady in town here -- they say she's  sort of a physical therapist for the  rodeo boys but keep the one at the  hospital we already contacted on call...
  FRANK	m	Tom?
  TOM	m	Yeah.
  SMOKEY	m	Howdy... Howdy.
   ANNIE	f	What's he doing?
   SMOKEY	m	Trying to get his eye.
  ANNIE	f	How's it going?
  ANNIE	f	I though horses were afraid of  water?
  ANNIE	f	Is that to get his strength back?
ANNIE	f	Mr. Booker, I'm not at all comfortable  with you taking those kinds of chances...
  ANNIE	f	Oh, God!
  TOM	m	NO... LET HIM GO!
  ANNIE	f	She's running away! How are you going  to get him back?
  SMOKEY	m	He don't really want to run. Don't  know where he's going. All this open  space scares the daylight out of him.
  SMOKEY	m	My guess is he's spent his life in a  six-by-eight stall... He's forgot what  it's like to be a horse...
  ANNIE	f	So what now? Should we leave?
  ANNIE	f	Well, we're going to go then...
  GRACE	f	What?
  JOE	m	Does that hurt you?
  GRACE	f	Only when I kick somebody.
  GRACE	f	Don't you go to school?
  JOE	m	Twice a month they give you a day off  to work on the ranch.
  JOE	m	Look at him out in the pasture -- Yeah,  he must've been a big, beautiful looking  horse. How was he to ride?
  JOE	m	Excuse me. I got chores to look after.
  ANNIE	f	You ready to go?
  ANNIE	f	Hello, Mr. Booker... Oh, hello, Frank.  This is Annie MacLean... I was  wondering, has-... Uh-huh... And Pilgrim?... Still?... Uh-huh... Okay then. Thank you.
  ANNIE	f	He's still sitting in that damn  field.
  GRACE	f	I think they call it a pasture.
  ANNIE	f	Let's go see what's going on, then  get something to eat.
  DIANE	f	There's coffee inside... I was just  bringing this to Tom.
  ANNIE	f	Would you mind if I did? I'd like to  talk to him.
  DIANE	f	Sure. Does your daughter want to come  inside?
  ANNIE	f	Uh, no, we're going to dinner... Is  this the way to the pasture?
  DIANE	f	Pasture? Oh, that stretch of field near  the hill? Yeah.
  TOM	m	From now on, leave your phone  somewhere else...
  ANNIE	f	But I have business calls I have  to --
  TOM	m	Then drop off Grace in the morning,  go on back and do your business.  Come pick her up around dinner.
  DIANE	f	Mrs. MacLean -- why don't you and  daughter stay for dinner?
  ANNIE	f	Oh uh, thank you. No, we don't want to  impose.
  DIANE	f	No imposition. Plenty of food. Gonna  get pretty dark soon. Hard to find a  place.
  DIANE	f	Joe, take off the hat -- I'm not  going to say it again.
  FRANK	m	Dear Lord, we are humbly thankful  for...
  FRANK	m	these gifts. For the blessings on our  home, our family and our guests. Bless  those that aren't as fortunate. Bless  all God's creatures.
  EVERYONE	m	Amen.
  FRANK	m	Bank out us a couple more men to run  the cattle.
  TOM	m	We should be fine, then.
  JOE	m	Teacher asked me why we raise Black  Angus-Herefords 'stead of Pure Herefords.
  FRANK	m	Tell her they suit the weather better.  Their udders are black, 'stead of pink.
  TOM	m	They don't get burned by the sun bouncing  off the snow. And they're good mother.
  FRANK	m	Our daddy raised Pure Herefords.
  ANNIE	f	You know, that's interesting. I always  wondered when I went into a restaurant  what was the difference between a regular  steak or a Black Angus steak. I couldn't  taste any difference although I could  swear one was more tender. I didn't know  there was that big a difference between  cows... I've never been on a cow farm before. I  must say, the bulls seem to have the  best time of it. Just laying around the  fields all day until they're asked to... do their... work.
  FRANK	m	Well, get born a bull, got a ninety  percent chance of getting castrated and  served up as hamburger. On a balance I  reckon I'd choose being a cow. Would you mind passing that salad  young lady?
  DIANE	f	How's Peterson's holding up for you?
  ANNIE	f	It's fine. Comfortable. I still can't  get used to how dark it gets around here,  though. When we leave the ranch, I  always hold my breath until I can see  the motel.
  FRANK	m	You know, Tom, while you're working on  that horse of theirs, Annie and Grace  should move into the old Creek house.
  FRANK	m	Nobody's using it. Silly for her to be  driving back and forth when she don't  know her way around that well...
  ANNIE	f	Oh, I don't know...
  FRANK	m	Well, I know Peterson's. Old place is as  good as falling down around your ears.
  DIANE	f	They're already all settled in, Frank.  Anyway, I'm sure Annie wants her privacy.
  FRANK	m	It's got doors, Diane. Private as can be.  Tom?
  TOM	m	I don't have a problem with that. It's up  to Annie.
  ANNIE	f	Well, it's worth it, really? I mean, how  much longer do you think you need to work  with Pilgrim?
  TOM	m	That's up to Pilgrim.
  GRACE	f	I know. Me, too. Why don't you come  one weekend?
  GRACE	f	We'll have more room because we're  moving onto the ranch. They have this  empty house near this creek. It's  actually pretty... OK... I love you. Dad wants to talk to you.
  ANNIE	f	Hi.
  ROBERT	m	Hey... She sounds like she's doing  all right. How is she?
  ANNIE	f	Yeah. She seems to be getting more  comfortable on the ranch, which is why  I said yes to this move. But, whenever  it's just the two of us, I don't know...  Anyway... what's happening with the  Delco lawsuit?
  ROBERT	m	Taking forever. I just got an additional  list of sixty-two employees to interview  before Monday. I don't know how I'm going  to do it.
  ANNIE	f	Well, it's good that you're there.
  ROBERT	m	So, how are you doing in Marlboro  country? Is the magazine complaining at  all?
  ANNIE	f	Yeah, but nothing I can't handle. Lucy  tells me she thinks Gottchalks's  plotting, but what else is new.
  ROBERT	m	When are you coming home?
  ANNIE	f	You know, I just asked that myself  tonight. He doesn't know.
  ROBERT	m	Well then... maybe I will take some  time... come visit.
  ANNIE	f	Okay.
  ROBERT	m	I miss you, Annie.
  ANNIE	f	I know. We miss you too.
  ROBERT	m	Good night.
  ANNIE	f	Night.
  GRACE	f	Did you ask him to come visit?
  ANNIE	f	You already did.
  GRACE	f	Did he mention it?
  ANNIE	f	Yeah, he's going to think about it.  You want me to pack for you?
  TOM	m	 What we're doing here, Grace, is   trying to get him to learn how to   be a horse again.
  TOM	m	Hold this for a minute...
  TOM	m	Hold onto it, go on...
  TOM	m	We'll get there, Grace.
  ANNIE	f	Grace? The clinic just called...  They had to change your physical  therapy appointment. We have to  leave now.
  TOM	m	Hello, Annie...
  ANNIE	f	Mr. Booker...
  ANNIE	f	You got everything you need?
  GRACE	f	If I had everything I need, I wouldn't  be going to physical therapy.
  ANNIE	f	Honey, come on. Would you like to stay  in town for dinner? Maybe see what  movie's playing tonight?
  GRACE	f	Why? There's no food in the house?
  ANNIE	f	No. I just thought... forget it.
  TOM	m	You know, we're branding here  tomorrow. If you two want to come  by to watch or give a hand, you're  welcome.
  ANNIE	f	Branding? I haven't branded in years.
  GRACE	f	I'll come.
  ANNIE	f	Uh, I don't, honey. Branding? Oooh...  I think we'd just be in Mr. Booker's  way.
  TOM	m	As long as you don't get in the way of  the branding iron, it doesn't matter too  much.
  GRACE	f	I watched Margo Neuberger get a  tattoo.
  ANNIE	f	Okay.
  TOM	m	Hey, Grace -- maybe we can get your  mom to put me and you branding on the  cover of her magazine. Start a whole  new fashion craze.
  ANNIE	f	Try not to fall off your high horse,  Mr. Booker.
  GRACE	f	Did you call Dad today?
  TOM	m	Hey, over there, you want to make  yourself useful?
  TOM	m	Hank, I got you a volunteer!
  TOM	m	That's good... firm but gentle... It hurts but he'll get over it.
  TOM	m	You handled that pretty well. Think  it's time you earn your keep around  here. So, when we're not working  and when you don't have your therapy,  I'd like you to help out with the  horses... Rubbing them, cleaning up  the stalls... You think you can  handle that?
  GRACE	f	That's not a question, is it?
  TOM	m	You're catching on.
  TOM	m	You okay?
  ANNIE	f	It is cocktail hour yet?
  ELLEN BOOKER	f	... he was a blacksmith by trade, my  father. My grandson Joe was named  for him. But he always dreamed of  having his own place and raising  horses...
  ELLEN BOOKER	f	He'd heard of some land. What's  Stockett now. Rode out there. Got off  his horse and walked about as far as  he could in one way. Then he walked as  far as he could another way and  another until he got back to where he  started and that's where he put his  roots down... That's where my husband  and I ranched and raised Frank and  Tommy...
  ELLEN BOOKER	f	Quite a different life from what you  know, I expect. Which place to you  call home?
  ANNIE	f	Well, I was born in London, but my  father was an ambassador and we  moved constantly. I've lived in a lot  of places but I don't really know what  I'd call home.
  ELLEN BOOKER	f	An ambassador! My! That's very  important.
  ANNIE	f	He was a wonderful man.
  DIANE	f	I sure hope you're gonna eat more  than that, young lady. You're a  growing girl.
  GRACE	f	I've never eaten this much in my  life.
  DIANE	f	Probably never worked so hard,  neither. Those arms of yours are  gonna be pretty sore tomorrow. I'll  give you a little bit of ointment I  make. It's a magic recipe my Mama  gave me.
  FRANK	m	We used to call Diane's mother  Medicine Woman. None of us never went  to the doctor when she was alive.
  HANK	m	Too bad she wasn't here for old  Henry Vanoker...
  FRANK	m	Not much would have helped him.
  DIANE	f	I never got that whole story, what  happened?
  HANK	m	Old Henry was changing a flat tire on  his truck over on 118 when that... ... two-hundred-year-old jack he has  gives way and the side of that truck  come slamming down on that rock he  calls head...
  ANNIE	f	What happened?
  HANK	m	Knocked him out for a while. He woke  up, finished putting on the tire and  drove himself to the hospital.
  DIANE	f	Old Fool... Darling, pass down those peas  for me, thank you.
  FRANK	m	Huh, Joe here has something to say.
  JOE	m	I wrote this for you Grandma...
  HANK'S WIFE	f	That was lovely. Who wrote that,  Joe?
  JOE	m	I wrote it myself, ma'am.
  FRANK	m	Now son, you tell 'em when it came  from.
  JOE	m	Be honest, I can't say I did it all  myself. My grandma helped me get the  words right.
  TOM	m	Well, I'd like to welcome Annie and  Grace to their first branding...
  FRANK	m	And next time, Miss Annie, you can run  down the calves...
  ANNIE	f	I'll drink to that...
  ANNIE	f	Where does this go, Diane?
  DIANE	f	Oh, you can just set up on the dining  table. I have to rearrange my shelves  tomorrow.
  ANNIE	f	Is this Mr. Booker? Tom's  grandfather?
  DIANE	f	Mm-mm. I never knew him. He died  before Frank and I met. This here's... Frank and Tom's mother and father...  there's little Frank and Tom...
  ANNIE	f	She calls him Tommy...
  DIANE	f	Always did. I think she favored him a  little. You tend to when you have more  than one, even though you love 'em all  the same.
  DIANE	f	Ha, she loves telling this story about  how when he was two years old, he ran off.  They found him in the barn, sleeping  between two giant hooves of a Percheron  stallion. She said that horse was  protecting him and nobody could convince  her otherwise.
  ANNIE	f	I got a little confused though. The ranch  Ellen was talking about -- that's not this  one?
  DIANE	f	No. See, Frank and Tom were raised near  the Clark's Fork River, right between the  Pryor and Beartooth Mountains. Beautiful  piece of land. But they had this uncle  Ned -- useless man, never interested in  ranching. And when the grandparents died,  he left for the city and sent word  through lawyers he wanted his claim to  the land so he could sell it. Three years  of legation broke their father. Frank took  it all in stride, but Tom... Tom loved that  land. I don't think he ever got over it --  His home being sold out from under him.  Seeing his father like that. Once he and  Frank got their folks set up in a new  place, Tom left... went off. We didn't see  him for years...
  GRACE	f	Why do you always wear that hat?
  JOE	m	Because it fits my head. You want to  try it on?
  TWINS	m	Show us again! Come on! One more time!  It's my turn now!
  TOM	m	All right, al right. Hold out your  finger.
  TOM	m	The loop's knotted, right. Looks like the only way to take it  off, is if we break our touch... Watch now...
  TWINS	m	Again! Again. One more time!
  TOM	m	Oh, no. No, no. I only fall for that  once. Go inside now before your mother  starts hunting you down. Go on.
  TOM	m	So how was your first and last day of  branding?
  ANNIE	f	Don't be so sure it's my last. There  are a few people back home I'd like  to put under a red hot iron.
  TOM	m	You got too much sun today...  Here...
  ANNIE	f	Thank you.
  ANNIE	f	What?
  TOM	m	You ever just stand still for a  minute?
  ANNIE	f	You stand still too long in New York  you get hit by a bicycle messenger. You know, sometimes, I get the feeling,  Mr. Booker, that you're laughing at me.  Why is that?
  ANNIE	f	That's your cue to say you're not  laughing at me.
  TOM	m	Oh, I see, you write both sides of the  conversation?
  ANNIE	f	It's a man's world, Mr. Booker. Most  women have to.
  TOM	m	Well, maybe I am laughing a bit... I  just thought, as long as you're here,  it would be nice for you to relax into  the place a little.
  ANNIE	f	Well... It's beautiful country, I'll give  you that. And I could see having some  kind of vacation place. Retreat. But I  don't know how you do it full time. Don't  you miss the rest of the world?
  TOM	m	What's that to miss?
  ANNIE	f	Ha... if you've never lived in a city  with museums, theater, music, restaurants,  uh... god, a million things, then it's  something I can't explain.
  TOM	m	Does Chicago count?
  ANNIE	f	You lived in Chicago?
  TOM	m	When I was first married.
  ANNIE	f	You were married to a woman in  Chicago?
  TOM	m	I once heard Itzhak Perlman guest star  with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra.  He played Rachmaninov's Vocalize Opus 34.  No. 14. It was one of the most beautiful  pieces of music I ever heard. I actually  forgot where I was for a time. You seem surprised?
  ANNIE	f	Well, I, uh... you didn't...
  TOM	m	Just who's been laughing at who here?
  ANNIE	f	Hello?
  ROBERT	m	I thought you guys were going to call  me.
  ANNIE	f	Oh, Robert, I'm sorry. We were so tired  from the branding. Grace barely made it  to her bed and I didn't have the energy  to take my clothes off.
  ROBERT	m	Oh well... branding will do that to you.
  ANNIE	f	Everything all right.
  ROBERT	m	Huh-huh. You?
  ANNIE	f	Fine. Actually, today was a good day.  You should have seen her.
  ROBERT	m	I wish I did.
  ROBERT	m	Well, uh the real reason I called,  actually, was to tell you I saw Lucy  at Jo-Jo's tonight and she seems very  worried.
  ANNIE	f	About what?
  ROBERT	m	Apparently, Gottschalk's been seen around  town lunching with some very prominent  magazine editors. Lucy said she tried to  call you, but no one answered so she faxed  you the list of names. She said one of  them have contracts up fairly soon.
  ANNIE	f	Oh. I didn't look at my faxes today. We  left before sunrise.
  ROBERT	m	Honey, I hope you're not endangering  your position. Listen, if you need to  come back and you want me to come take  over, for a while, I'll work it out. I  mean, the firm's got other lawyers, but  the magazine's got only one of you.
  ANNIE	f	I've decided it's impossible to  properly say hello in this place  without a hat.
  TOM	m	A jogger, huh?
  ANNIE	f	I don't jog, Mr. Booker. I run.
  TOM	m	Lucky for you. The grizzlies around  here only go for joggers.
  ANNIE	f	If I can survive rush hour, I figure I  can handle grizzlies...
  TOM	m	You sleeping all right in that house?
  ANNIE	f	I don't sleep all right anywhere. But  the house is fine.
  ANNIE	f	Who's R.B.?
  ANNIE	f	I found this old cello case filled with  bills and receipts.
  TOM	m	Sorry about that. I thought everything  got cleared out. R.B. is my wife...  ex-wife... Rachel. We used to live in  that house  together.
  ANNIE	f	I thought you lived in Chicago?
  TOM	m	I thought you were an editor, not a  reporter?
  ANNIE	f	I have a way with animals.
  TOM	m	It's all right. He's young. Just hold  out your hand a little lower so he can  get the smell of you.
  ANNIE	f	Oh yes. I forgot.
  ANNIE	f	He's beautiful.
  TOM	m	Why don't you ride anymore? Grace told  me you used to ride when she was  younger.
  ANNIE	f	She did?
  ANNIE	f	I don't know, really. No time mostly.
  ANNIE	f	I thought it was supposed to be spring.
  ANNIE	f	Are you shy, Mr. Booker?
  TOM	m	Just polite. Well, maybe you'd like  to try riding again, some time before  you go home.
  TOM	m	Enjoy the day.
  ANNIE	f	You too.
  ANNIE	f	Shit.
  TOM	m	Need a lift?
  ANNIE	f	I can handle it!
  ANNIE	f	... David, we've been behind a day or  two before. But Lucy just Fedexed me all  the material and it'll be approved by  the end of the day.
  DAVID GOTTSCHALL	m	If nothing goes wrong. If the faxes don't  go down. If the phone lines are opened.  I can't have this magazine hitting the  streets by the skin of its ass, Annie.
  ANNIE	f	Oh, come on! This is such bullshit! The  work is getting done, David. Lucky keeps  me on top of everything.
  DAVID GOTTSCHALK	m	Lucy isn't you. We're losing something  without you being here. Now, I know this  is a rough time for you, but I think we  should make another arrangement.
  ANNIE	f	What the hell does that mean? How much  more do I have to do to prove how  important this magazine is to me?
  DAVID GOTTSCHALK	m	If this magazine is so important to you  Annie, why are you in Montana?
  DAVID GOTTSCHALK	m	Look, this is what we're going to do.  Finish up this issue. I'll set up a  conference call in a few weeks. Just  you, me and your lawyer and we'll  just work this out so that everyone  will be taken care of. Fair enough?
  ANNIE	f	Uh, yes... Sure, David.
  DAVID GOTTSCHALK	m	All right. Speak to you then.
  ANNIE	f	Thank you. You're all doing too much.
  DIANE	f	Oh, it's... I wanted to tell you that,  if you'd like, you being so busy, I  could take Grace to her therapy  exercises for you. I have to go in  once a week for shopping anyway.
  ANNIE	f	Oh... Well... thank you very much. I  don't --
  ANNIE	f	Sorry. Hello? Hi, yeah, I just spoke to him.  Oh, you know David, Mr. Strong Arm...
  TOM	m	Come and take a ride with me.
  TOM	m	Can you drive?
  GRACE	f	Drive? I'm not old enough yet.
  TOM	m	It's never too soon to start.
  GRACE	f	I can't...
  TOM	m	I don't have all day.
  TOM	m	Put the key in and turn it. The right pedal is gas, the other  one's the brake.
  GRACE	f	I don't know if I can with my leg.
  TOM	m	Well, there's only one way to find out. Give it a little gas.
  TOM	m	Well, we know you can. Now you just  got to feel how much. Try it again.
  TOM	m	Nice, real nice. There's a little  road down at the end here, turn onto  it.
  TOM	m	Just follow this. Nothing to it. I'm  going to shut my eyes here for a  little while. Just keep going till  you run out of road.
  GRACE	f	I don't know if I can.
  TOM	m	Not a question of if you can -- you  are. Just keep your eyes on the road  and your foot on the pedal and the  rest will take care of yourself.
  TOM	m	Where did you get Pilgrim from?
  GRACE	f	We bought him in Kentucky. My mother  and I took a trip down there to see  him.
  TOM	m	That must have been pretty special.
  GRACE	f	Are you afraid of anything?
  TOM	m	Getting old. Not being of much use,  I guess. What went on out there, Grace? With  Pilgrim?
  TOM	m	You see, Grace, I've got a problem.  When I'm working with a horse, I like  to know its history. Now, most times,  the horse can tell you pretty much the  whole story, but sometimes he can be  so messed up in his head that you need  more to go on. You need to know exactly  what went wrong. Often times, it's the  obvious thing, but something that went  wrong just before that, maybe even some  little thing...
  TOM	m	It's like if I'm driving and run into  a tree. When somebody asks me, "Well,  what happened?", I don't say, "Well,  I plowed into a tree." I'd say, "The  sun was in my eyes." or "I skidded." or  "I took my mind off the road for a  second." See what I mean? I don't know how you feel about talking  about it and I can understand you might  not want to. But if I'm going to figure  out what's going on in his head, it'd  sure help if I knew exactly what  happened that day.
  TOM	m	Not today -- whenever you feel like it.  I leave it up to you.
  ANNIE	f	Oh-oh.
  ANNIE	f	The answer's no.
  TOM	m	You haven't heard the question yet. Truth  is, you'd be doing me a favor. I got all  these eager young colts need riding and  poor old Rimrock here is feeling kind of  left out...
  ANNIE	f	Poor thing.
  TOM	m	He'd be grateful, he'd take real good  care with you.
  ANNIE	f	Is this how you're going to make me pay  my phone bill?
  TOM	m	No, ma'am, I'm afraid that's extra.
  TOM	m	Relax our center... It's just sitting  in a bucket.
  ANNIE	f	Yeah, it's been a while, but I... I  remember the basic ideas...
  TOM	m	OK. I'll stop talking then.
  ANNIE	f	Actually, I never rode Western. I'm  sorry. Go ahead.
  TOM	m	Well, he don't know that. Just sit the  horse. Good... You have a nice seat.
  ANNIE	f	Thanks.
  TOM	m	Feel good?
  ANNIE	f	Yeah.
  TOM	m	You look all right. You want to pick  it up a little?
  ANNIE	f	OK.
  TOM	m	Watch your reins, he'll go with you,  give him some room, let him do the  work. Relax, don't grab him with  your thighs, just so long as he can  feel your body.
  TOM	m	You want to let it go some more?
  ANNIE	f	It's a whole other world you have  going on here. It just goes along,  doing what it has to. And you're a  part of it, you just wake up and,  and there you are... And everything  that seems like life or death some  place else -- doesn't affect any of  this one bit.
  TOM	m	Lift your leg.
  ANNIE	f	How long did you live here with your  wife?
  TOM	m	Five years. My son was born here.
  ANNIE	f	Son?
  TOM	m	Yeah. I haven't seen him in a while. He  used to come to the ranch over summers,  but then he started having friends and  was going off to college, so... Good boy.  Hal. Lives in New York near his mom.
  ANNIE	f	How did you meet her?
  TOM	m	College. In Illinois. She was playing  the cello. I hadn't heard cello music  growing up. She had the reddest hair,  the bluest eyes. When she played, it  was...
  TOM	m	She was the most beautiful thing I'd  ever seen.
  ANNIE	f	Why didn't it work out?
  TOM	m	She was never really happy here. She did  the best she could.
  TOM	m	Grace told me you have a country house  in Connecticut. Sounds like a beautiful  place.
  ANNIE	f	It is. It's lovely.
  TOM	m	Ever think of moving there full time?
  ANNIE	f	We did at one point. When we thought  we'd have more children. And we after  tried. We tried everything, but...  wasn't meant to be.
  TOM	m	I hear that! See, I knew she was never  going to be a ranchest, but I wanted  to try -- I thought maybe she'd give  music lessons to the kids in town or at  the school, maybe even recitals. My son  would grow up here. Maybe have one or  two more. I'd teach 'em what I could.  They'd play with my brother's kids. All  grow up together. And even if they all  decided to go out into the world, they'd  always know where home was -- cause we'd  keep it for 'em...
  ANNIE	f	That's very important to you, isn't it?  Home.
  TOM	m	Yeah, I think it is. And I don't mean  everybody's got to be married, have kids -- It's more like, knowing where you're  from, where you belong, what feeds you,  where you can go no matter what happens...  Knowing what you're supposed to be doing  while you're here.
  ANNIE	f	How did you find out all that?
  TOM	m	I got lost.
  JOE	m	Hi...
  GRACE	f	Would you let me ride your horse?
  JOE	m	Have you talked to Tom about it?
  GRACE	f	Of course I have.
  JOE	m	I don't know... You sure Tom said it's  all right?
  GRACE	f	Are you going to give me a hand or  aren't you?
  JOE	m	You sure?
  JOE	m	You okay?
  JOE	m	You better not say anything!!!
  ANNIE	f	Honey, would you see if anybody  wants --
  ANNIE	f	You look really pretty.
  GRACE	f	I thought there were too many forks  on the table.
  ANNIE	f	Well, one was for salad...
  GRACE	f	Mom, they don't mind eating with one  fork.
  ANNIE	f	You're right. Good.
  ANNIE	f	Does anybody out there want  something to drink?
  GRACE	f	I'll take care of it.
  ANNIE	f	Thanks, honey.
  GRACE	f	Would anyone like something to drink?
  ANNIE	f	SHIT!
  TOM	m	I'll give your mom a hand.
  TOM	m	Everything under control?
  ANNIE	f	Not really. I'd forgotten how long  it's been since I've done this. And  I couldn't get any Parmesan cheese.
  TOM	m	Just make yourself comfortable.
  ANNIE	f	I am comfortable.
  TOM	m	Ha, ha... all right, well, uh I guess  you can bring out the pasta.
  ANNIE	f	You missed a button.
  TOM	m	Huh?
  ANNIE	f	Thank you.
  ANNIE	f	Oh, good, Grace, would you bring in  the bread... I'll get the salad and  then we're all set.
  FRANK	m	It'd be a whole lot easier to pay  the feed end of the month...
  TOM	m	I don't think Warren would go for that.
  GRACE	f	... like, for instance, you can go on  the Internet and access this thing  called The Visible Man -- who was this  murderer they caught in Texas that was  executed and donated his body to  science and you can call him up on the  screen and dissect him, like in Three-D...
  ANNIE	f	Well, did you ever think about hiring  a business manager?
  FRANK	m	We have a business manager. The best  around.
  DIANE	f	Ha...
  TOM	m	Diane takes care of the books. I don't  know how, but at the end of every  month, everything adds up to the penny.
  DIANE	f	Ain't brain surgery.
  ANNIE	f	It's pretty impressive. Where I come  from, you'd be a gold mine.
  TWINS	m	This is MY fork. That's YOUR fork, ya  idiot!
  DIANE	f	Hey. You stop that kind of talk at the  table.
  FRANK	m	I'll have another round of that  spaghetti if may?
  ANNIE	f	Absolutely. I made enough for an army.
  DIANE	f	I uh... I like the sauce very much. Maybe  I get the recipe.
  GRACE	f	It's from a jar.
  FRANK	m	Thank you.
  DIANE	f	Well, I tried jar sauce once --  wasn't this good. Ya gotta know  which brand to buy. I'd like to  get the name of this one.
  SCOTT	m	Can we see the dead body on the  screen?
  DIANE	f	What?
  GRACE	f	It's just my computer.
  DIANE	f	Oh, I don't --
  ANNIE	f	It's okay. Grace, show them. I'm going  to put the coffee on. I made an apple  tart for dessert.
  DIANE	f	I'll help you with the coffee.
  ANNIE	f	Well... I know I should reject that  offer, but I'm not going to.
  DIANE	f	No reason you should, no reason you  should.
  DIANE	f	I was looking in one of your magazines  and saw that picture of the couple  getting married at the Pyramids. Were  you ever in Egypt?
  ANNIE	f	I was there for that shot, actually.
  DIANE	f	What was it like?
  ANNIE	f	Oh, God -- I think it was the fourth  or fifth time I'd been there, so all  I remember was the heat and how  incompetent the photographer was...
  ANNIE	f	But, uh, Egypt is, well, it's like  nothing else. It's like going back in  time. I remember as a kid trying to imagine  what a kid my age, centuries ago,  walking over that same ground, was  wondering about or, if they had the  same problems as me... and I felt,  connected to... to time itself, almost.  Ha, I never realized how hard it was  to describe.
  DIANE	f	I'd love to go there one time...
  ANNIE	f	You and Frank ever take a vacation?
  DIANE	f	Soon. We're going to Branson, Missouri  to see my cousin Emma married. Frank  loves in there.
  SCOTT	m	IT WAS MY TURN!
  JOE	m	YA JUST HAD A TURN. IT WAS NOT.
  SCOTT	m	WAS SO!
  TOM	m	Boys! Settle down!
  SCOTT	m	You never let me have a turn!
  JOE	m	Don't be such a baby!
  SCOTT	m	You just showing off for her!
  JOE	m	You shut up, stupid!
  SCOTT	m	You're the one who's stupid -- letting  her go and fall off your horse!!
  JOE	m	You little shit!
  DIANE	f	JOE!
  SCOTT	m	I saw 'em. In the pasture. Her trying to  get on Gonzo! I saw 'em.
  ANNIE	f	What does he mean?
  GRACE	f	Nothing.
  ANNIE	f	Did you go riding?
  JOE	m	Little shit!
  DIANE	f	Annie, I'm so sorry, but they're just  tired. We'll have dessert another time.  Frank, get them out of here. Come on. Say good night and thank  you...
  FRANK	m	Dinner was delicious. Thank you. Say thank you!!
  JOE	m	Sorry, ma'am, I thank you for dinner.  It was very good.
  ANNIE	f	Did Grace try to ride, Joe?
  JOE	m	I expect you should talk to Grace about  that, ma'am. And if I did anything  wrong, then I am sorry.
  TOM	m	Don't let her turn you away.
  ANNIE	f	Grace? Is everything all right? Can we talk?
  GRACE	f	About what?
  ANNIE	f	Well... So you tried riding again?
  GRACE	f	Yeah. Does that mean I'm cured?!
  ANNIE	f	Honey, nobody's trying to cure you --
  GRACE	f	... You worried everything all right  now and we'll have to go home?
  ANNIE	f	What are you talking about?
  GRACE	f	You... not wanting to go home because  you hate daddy so much.
  ANNIE	f	Grace, I don't hate your father.
  GRACE	f	I can't remember the last time you  made him dinner.
  ANNIE	f	I was just trying to say thank you to  Diane and Frank and --
  GRACE	f	Tom?
  ANNIE	f	Look, I just wanted to say, I think  it's great you're riding again.  And... and I think I know why you,  you needed to do it alone... without  anyone knowing...
  GRACE	f	Yeah, you know everything!!
  ANNIE	f	STOP IT! Why can't I talk to you!!
  GRACE	f	NO, YOU STOP IT! Stop pretending like  you care! Like this really isn't about  you and Tom.
  ANNIE	f	WHAT?! How can you -- I'm sorry if my friendship with Tom  bothers you so much, but I happen to  value having someone to talk to,  especially when my own daughter  ignores me night and day because no  matter what I say, it's wrong and no  matter what I do, it's wrong... I'm  sorry I'm such a disappointment to  you.
  GRACE	f	Well, now you know what it feels like.
  ANNIE	f	I don't deserve that. I have never  looked at you as a disappointment. If  I'm on your back to do better, if I  push you to try harder it's because  I want you to be the best you can be.
  GRACE	f	FOR YOU! Because I'm your daughter  which means you're the best mother!  Isn't that what you're always talking  about in interviews -- having it all,  the great career, the great family...  Proving everybody wrong. Wanting  everybody to think you're this perfect  woman!
  ANNIE	f	Listen, if... if there's a part of you  as parent that... that takes pride in  your child -- that, you can look at  them and see something you've  accomplished as well... if that's wrong,  then I'm sorry. But it wasn't my intention. I don't push  for me. I do it for you... So you don't  waste half your life feeling like you  don't know where you belong.
  GRACE	f	Yeah, well, you've done a great job.
  ANNIE	f	Well, then I do apologize... But what  I'm most sorry for is turning you  into a spoiled brat who can only  think about what she's feeling... who  can't admit when she's wrong and who  can't forgive when she's not.
  GRACE	f	LEAVE ME ALONE!!
  ANNIE	f	What did you say?
  GRACE	f	I said... I started.
  ANNIE	f	Started what?
  GRACE	f	My period.
  ANNIE	f	When? Tonight?
  GRACE	f	I felt it happen downstairs and when  I went into the bathroom.
  GRACE	f	Who's going to want me now?
  ANNIE	f	What?... Oh baby...
  GRACE	f	Who's ever going to want me? Nobody  will.
  ANNIE	f	That's not true.
  GRACE	f	Why should they?
  ANNIE	f	Because you are... one of the most...  incredible, bravest, most beautiful  woman I have ever met. The efforts  you make. Your courage and your  dignity. I don't know where you got it? I  honestly don't know how I would have  handled all this if I were you.
  GRACE	f	I'm sorry... about what I said. It's  just that -- all those times you  and Daddy were trying for another  kid, I... I used to pray at night that  it would work. And not because of  you guys or that I wanted a brother  or sister... but... just so I wouldn't  have to be...
  ANNIE	f	What?
  GRACE	f	So special. Because I was the only  one. You both wanted me to be so  good at everything, so perfect and  I wasn't. I was just me. And now I've  completely ruined everything,  anyway...
  ANNIE	f	Sshhh... Ssshhhh...
  ANNIE	f	Hello?
  OPERATOR	m	Hello, this is ATT Conference Service.  Is this Annie MacLean?
  ANNIE	f	Yes.
  OPERATOR	m	I have a conference call scheduled for  you with Mr. Gottschalk and Mr. Farlow.
  ANNIE	f	Oh. Oh, yes. One moment, please.
  GRACE	f	Who is it?
  ANNIE	f	Uh, nothing. I'm going to pick it up  in the other room -- would you hang  this up for me?
  GRACE	f	Sure.
  ANNIE	f	Okay, Grace... Operator?... I'm ready.
  GRACE	f	I was waiting for you to come back.
  TOM	m	You hungry?
  GRACE	f	Judith was telling me about this boy  she really liked. She never even had  a chance to tell me his name...
  GRACE	f	We were going to go around by the  railroad bridge...
  GRACE	f	We were laughing about something, I  don't remember what. Her horse fell...
  GRACE	f	... Judith's foot was caught in the  stirrup... she couldn't get up, she  was so scared... I saw this truck, coming around the  turn...
  GRACE	f	...He was honking, trying to get us to  move... I tried to grab the reins to  get Judith's horse out of the way...
  GRACE	f	...And the truck started skidding...
  GRACE	f	...It was coming right at us... There  wasn't any time to do anything... It  ran right into Judith's horse...
  GRACE	f	...Judith just disappeared... And it  came right at Pilgrim and me...
  GRACE	f	...And Pilgrim reared up at the truck  and I fell off...
  GRACE	f	Judith... Oh God, Judith. I'm sorry...
  TOM	m	I won't tell you it'll stop feeling  this bad... But I can tell you, you  didn't do anything wrong... The same  thing would have happened to me... or  Frank... or Joe... And there's no  sense in looking for a reason why  things happen... I used to try and... always came up  short. I don't think the why so's  important as... what we do with what  we get. I remember this boy I'd see  up on the Blackfeet Reservation. He  was sixteen. Great kid. Strong. He'd  gone swimming and dived headfirst into  a rock. Snapped his neck, paralyzed  him... After the accident, I'd look  in on him from time to time... and he  wasn't there anymore. His mind, his  spirit, whatever you want to call it,  it just disappeared. And what was left  was nothing but anger... It's like the  boy I knew just went away somewhere...
  GRACE	f	I know where he goes.
  TOM	m	I know you do. Don't you disappear. You do whatever you have to, to hold  on... I'll tell you one more thing... When  Pilgrim reared up to face that  truck... you know what I think?... I  think that damn horse loved you so much,  he was trying to protect you... That's  what I think.
  TOM	m	Let me hold that...
  GRACE	f	I can't... not yet...
  TOM	m	There's no hurry. Take you time.
  FRANK	m	Play that sweet one you know. The one  makes my wife here so friendly.
  DIANE	f	You!
  JOE	m	You wouldn't want to dance with me,  would you?
  GRACE	f	I don't thinks you'd want me tripping  all over you in front of everybody.
  JOE	m	I wouldn't let happen.
  GRACE	f	You know, you're a good kid.
  DIANE	f	Must be nice for you to take a few  days off from your work, huh?
  ANNIE	f	Well, I have more than a few days, ha,  ha... I uh... I'm sort of... not an  editor anymore... right now... First  time I've said it out loud.
  DIANE	f	They fired you?
  ANNIE	f	No, it's more like a leave of- Ha, ha, ha. Yeah, they fired me.
  DIANE	f	You don't seem to upset?
  ANNIE	f	Delayed shock. Or maybe not. I know  I could talk my way back if I wanted  or... go to another magazine,  someplace... Just not sure if I want  to.
  DIANE	f	Guess you don't have to figure it out  until you go home.
  ANNIE	f	Did you always know this was the life  you wanted?
  DIANE	f	I fell in love. After that, I never  thought about being anything but a  rancher's wife. I never saw it like I  was losing some other life, just felt  like I was gaining one. I know that's  not a popular opinion nowadays and I  ain't saying it's the right one. We  all have to find the life meant for us.
  ANNIE	f	Frank's a good man.
  DIANE	f	They don't come better. But I don't  deny there are times I wonder about  things I won't have. Maybe one day I'll  get to see Egypt. Maybe not. But I know  if you try too many different lives,  you can wind up with no life at all...
  ANNIE	f	Sounds like something Tom would say.
  DIANE	f	Yes, it does.
  ANNIE	f	What?
  DIANE	f	Annie, I'm not good at this kind of talk  -- goes round and round a thing but  never comes to it -- so let's just say  what it is. When you first came here,  I didn't like you and I was worried. Tom  means a lot to me and this family. Don't  go looking here for whatever you looking  for. Don't make that man go through  something it took him a long time to see  his way clear out of the first time.
  ANNIE	f	I don't think anybody can make Tom do  anything he didn't want.
  DIANE	f	He's a good man, Tom is. He's got a  gift, come from heaven above, I swear.  But he's still a man. And a woman can  lead a man into the middle of a mountain  lake -- and still make him think he's on  dry land.
  GRACE	f	Dad?
  ANNIE	f	This is Mr. Booker, Robert.
  TOM	m	Tom.
  ROBERT	m	Hi. It's a pleasure. I'm very grateful  for the way you took in my girls here.  I bet you were surprised when they  just showed up out of nowhere.
  TOM	m	Oh yeah...
  ROBERT	m	Well I uh... I can already see a change. And I'm very grateful to you.
  GRACE	f	Did you notice -- no cane?
  ROBERT	m	I know. Amazing.
  GRACE	f	Can we show him Pilgrim, Tom?
  TOM	m	Oh, we're gonna show your dad plenty.  Why don't you all get settled in and  we'll do the tour. Excuse me.
  ROBERT	m	See you later!
  ANNIE	f	Let's bring your bags inside.
  GRACE	f	Wait till you see this -- we have the  whole house to ourselves...
  ANNIE	f	Is there anything you need? I'm going  food-shopping.
  DIANE	f	Well, I am going to go after lunch.
  ANNIE	f	No, no, I'll go -- just give me a  list.
  ROBERT	m	I can't believe it's the same horse.
  TOM	m	We still have a way to go.
  ROBERT	m	How much longer do you think?
  TOM	m	Well, like I told your wife, it's  really up to Pilgrim.
  ROBERT	m	I understand...
  FRANK	m	We thought we lost him in the snow  storm... Told the kids. Had a funeral  for the damn thing. Finally, snow  stops. Staring to warm up. I go out  and start cleaning the truck...  Goddamn if that dog doesn't jump out  from the back seat covered in snow...  I nearly stained myself.
  TOM	m	He thought it was a ghost.
  JOE	m	A dog ghost!
  TOM	m	Is the poverty worse, now, you  think?
  ROBERT	m	I haven't been back in over twenty  years, but I wouldn't be surprised.  The population's larger.
  FRANK	m	What were you doing over in India?
  ROBERT	m	Uh, this was right after college. I  was in the Peace Corps.
  FRANK	m	That right?
  DIANE	f	She sure loves her daddy, huh?
  ROBERT	m	... and I thought before I settled  into law school -- everybody knew that  was the plan -- I'd take this time for  myself.
  ROBERT	m	And I tell you, Frank, it was one of  the --
  ROBERT	m	... one of the uh... greatest times  of my life... I had experiences that,  I think, changed my outlook forever.  I came back a different person,  literally.
  DIANE	f	I think I'm going to have my hands  full with the son of mine when you  leave. Just might be his first  broken heart.
  ANNIE	f	Oh, how sweet.
  ROBERT	m	... and I have no idea what he's  saying because I don't understand  Hindu...
  ROBERT	m	... So, finally I'm trying to explain  to him that I'm allergic to wool and  would he please get his sheep out of  my car --
  ROBERT	m	Tired?
  ROBERT	m	Small bed. Maybe I should sleep in  the barn.
  ANNIE	f	You're allergic to hay.
  ROBERT	m	I apologize for the surprise, but the  days only opened yesterday and I  figured...
  ANNIE	f	You don't have to explain. You have  every right to come.
  ROBERT	m	I can see why you put your faith in  him. He's a genuine... good guy...  Good at what he does. That's rare.
  ROBERT	m	You were right about coming here. I'm  sorry for not thinking...
  ANNIE	f	No, it's okay. Believe me, there were  plenty of times I didn't know what  the hell was right.
  ROBERT	m	How are you feeling about work?
  ANNIE	f	Let's not talk about that now.
  ROBERT	m	I feel like I'm on a first date.
  HANK'S WIFE	f	Oh Tom, would you check the shed and see  if there's anymore chairs.
  TOM	m	Sure.
  DIANE	f	I have some brownies left over. Want  one?
  TOM	m	No thanks.
  TOM	m	There's something you have to do  tomorrow, boy...
  TOM	m	All set?
  TOM	m	Sure?
  GRACE	f	Sure.
  TOM	m	Smokey...
  FRANK	m	He'll be okay, Grace. Just you hang  on there a minute or two. Tom'll get  him, okay, you'll see...
  TOM	m	There's still something going on  inside of him I can't reach. So me  and Smokey here, we're going to  try laying him down. Okay?
  GRACE	f	What does that mean?
  TOM	m	It's more or less how it sounds.  Sometimes it's not pretty to watch.  Some horses fight it real hard.  Your fella's already shown us he  likes a good fight. So if you don't  want to watch, I'll call you when it's  done.
  GRACE	f	I want to watch.
  TOM	m	You got that soft rope?
  GRACE	f	What is he doing this?
  FRANK	m	It'll be OK, Grace.
  FRANK	m	He's trying to get him to go down  on his knees...
  TOM	m	Drop the lines and come help me...
  GRACE	f	That's enough! Stop it!
  TOM	m	GRACE!
  TOM	m	GRACE! Will you come here, please!
  TOM	m	Grace, I need you to come with me.
  ROBERT	m	Well maybe she shouldn't be here...
  ANNIE	f	Robert! Let him handle it! Please!
  TOM	m	Grace, I need you to come with me.
  GRACE	f	No, you're only going to hurt him  some more.
  TOM	m	He's not hurt. He's okay. Look at him.
  GRACE	f	  (turned away) No!
  TOM	m	Grace, Listen... you've got to do this.  Just trust me one more time.
  GRACE	f	Do what?
  TOM	m	I'll show you.
  TOM	m	I want you to lay down with him. I  want you to stroke him. I want to  start with his hindquarters and rub  him, feel him all over.
  TOM	m	Grace, you've got to do what I say.
  TOM	m	Now, listen. I want you to stand on  him.
  ANNIE	f	What?!
  TOM	m	PLEASE!
  ANNIE	f	It's so cruel.
  FRANK	m	No. He had the choice.
  ANNIE	f	What choice!!?
  FRANK	m	Either fight the way things are or  accept it.
  DIANE	f	Oh Frank, don't forget the wedding  present -- it's behind the door in  the laundry room. I got her a pasta maker from the  catalogue... Not that they'll know  what to do with it in Branton,  Missouri... Probably use it as a  planter.
  FRANK	m	Diane!
  DIANE	f	Frank's touchy about his cousins. Well, it was nice to meet you, Mr.  MacLean.
  ROBERT	m	Same here, Mrs. Booker. Thank you  again for all your kindness.
  DIANE	f	Ah...
  DIANE	f	Now, are you sure you want to drive  that horse back yourself? There are  plenty of people 'round here who do  that sort of thing.
  ANNIE	f	I already know the way... and it's  not like I have a job I have to rush  home for. Between you and me, I could use the  time alone.
  DIANE	f	And you'll be all right by yourself  here, after they've gone?
  ANNIE	f	It's just one night. If I get  uncomfortable, I'll go over to  Hanks.
  DIANE	f	Promise?
  ANNIE	f	Promise.
  ANNIE	f	You too, Diane.
  DIANE	f	All right, everybody in. Frank, we  all set...
  ROBERT	m	Shouldn't we have invited Tom over?
  GRACE	f	I did. He said he had work to do  until late.
  GRACE	f	I'll see you home... OK?
  ANNIE	f	Are you going to stay in the city or  go up to Connecticut?
  ROBERT	m	Connecticut. I told the office I'd  work out of there next week. When are  you planning to start back?
  ANNIE	f	Probably first thing in the morning.  It's too late to start now. I'm going  to try not to do too much driving in  the dark.
  ROBERT	m	May I have a suggestion?
  ANNIE	f	Yeah, what?
  ROBERT	m	Take your time.
  ANNIE	f	What do you mean?
  ANNIE	f	You look like something's wrong.
  ROBERT	m	I'll tell you something, Annie -- I  stood there looking at what was  happening to that horse... And, I  swear, it felt like the same thing  was happening to me.
  ANNIE	f	I don't understa-
  ROBERT	m	  (continues) And I have two choices. I can either  fight the way things are, or accept  them. See, I always knew I loved you more.  Didn't bother me. I always felt  lucky... a little amazed... that such  a vibrant, beautiful woman would want  to be with a man like me... And I  guess I thought as long as I did  everything right -- if I was the best  husband I could be, the best father...  even being a good lawyer only mattered  to me because of what it meant for  us... if I could do all that, it  wouldn't make any difference if we  loved each other the same or not...  I wasn't asking for more. I told myself  I didn't need more. But you don't know how you feel about  me. You don't know... if you want a  life with me anymore... And I don't want you to come home  until you do know... ... one way or the other.
  ANNIE	f	What's the matter, honey? Gonna miss  Pilgrim?
  GRACE	f	Tom's gone.
  GRACE	f	Smokey told me he left last night to  look at some horses in Sheriden. He  won't be back for three days. I can't  believe he didn't want to say goodbye.
  ANNIE	f	Well... honey... you know... that's  just not his way. Maybe you can write  him a letter or something. Say thank  you... Don't think about it... You  take care and I'll see you home.
  ANNIE	f	Why do I get the feeling you know  what I should do, but you're not  telling me?
  TOM	m	I won't apologize for this. And I  won't hide it. Not for anybody.
  ANNIE	f	I won't ask you to.
  ANNIE	f	Oh, God, what are we going to do?  I'm supposed to --
  TOM	m	Ssshhh... Stand still, Annie. Takes what we've  got, just for now. Can you do that?
  ANNIE	f	Show me again.
  TOM	m	Annie!
  ANNIE	f	One more time.
  TOM	m	Summers are short here, Annie. There  isn't much of a fall. Before you know  it, the roads are closed... the nights  get long.
  ANNIE	f	I don't care! We'd be together.
  TOM	m	Two people can't just be alone together  in the world. At least not us...
  ANNIE	f	I can't do this. I can't leave you...
  ANNIE	f	I won't.
  TOM	m	I figured, whenever you decided to  go, you'd be all set.
  ANNIE	f	How thoughtful of you. And what if  I decide not to go?
  ANNIE	f	Leave me alone!
  TOM	m	Annie, please...
  ANNIE	f	NO!... NO!... YOU DON'T DECIDE
  TOM	m	I don't know any other way, Annie.
  ANNIE	f	Why?
  TOM	m	You think this is easy for me!?
  TOM	m	It's just happened this way sometimes.  I can't explain it. But I look at you  and see Grace and I see Robert, and  no matter what you decide about him,  I just know this is right. Your life  isn't here and you know it.
  ANNIE	f	Then what have we been doing? I mean  what was the point?
  TOM	m	The point was to love each other.
  ANNIE	f	Why?
  TOM	m	Because we had to... And I'll never  stop loving you, Annie. Here. Where  my life is.
  TOM	m	Annie...
  TOM	m	Annie?
  ANNIE	f	Can we go for one more ride?
  TOM	m	Sure. I'll saddle them up.
  ROBERT	m	Yes?
  ANNIE	f	Hi. Um, there doesn't seem to be any  hotel room available and someone told  me to come here and ask for "Tubab"  who might to have a place for me to  stay. Are you "Tubab"?
  ROBERT	m	No. I am a "tubab."
  ANNIE	f	What do you mean?
  ROBERT	m	Tubab means white man.
  ANNIE	f	Oh, I miss you. You look beautiful.
  GRACE	f	So do you.
  ANNIE	f	How's everything?
  GRACE	f	Good.
  ANNIE	f	Hi.
  ROBERT	m	Hi.
  ROBERT	m	Was the trip okay?
  ANNIE	f	Mmm. I made good time. Pilgrim's in the back. I found a new  stable, but they can't take him until  tomorrow.
  GRACE	f	Great!
  ANNIE	f	Go ahead...
  ANNIE	f	I have so much to tell you.
  ROBERT	m	You want to take a walk with me?
  ANNIE	f	Where to?
  ROBERT	m	I don't know. Let's just go and...  we'll see...

