Is that what's happening now? Was this freshman econ? Look, your grandfather's here! It's your birthday, Dad, not theirs. You're spoiling them rotten. Debatable. We had to eat. The kids were starving... Oh, here we go! I don't know about me as a mom. It's all about you, isn't it. Four... and nineteen. So what was that all about? The last time you made a speech like that we lost the Firestone bid. You see this? Goldenrod - 4.17.11 8. Peter's got a copy pinned up in the conference room. Why sell our company? We make a great return, we give money to the causes we believe in... Dad, you're not that old. I'm just trying to imagine what we would do. Where are you going? Now? But, I haven't given you your birthday present yet... (standing in frustration) Okay... You gonna be there? I made this for you. It's the third one you've tried. You look regal, and wise, and granted a little worried. What is going on? Are you afraid of this meeting? I thought that's why you flew down there. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 15. Now come on. It will all work out. Just follow the plan. "Confidence equals contract." They're your words, actually. Okay, but I was thinking, idiot, that, after the deal is done, which it definitely will be, why don't we just take off? Pete's in the best place he's ever been, your daughter is always as brilliant, right? So, I wanna have some fun. I wanna have fun with you! Let's go to Ravello- the house there. We haven't been there forever.. We have to make time. We go for a year. Let's take a year and get fat and have fun and go on an adventure. I mean-- seriously-- how much money do we need?. Do you wanna be the richest guy in the cemetery? Goldenrod - 4.17.11 16. Oh, by the way, Mary called from St. Victor's Hospital, again, she said they still haven't gotten the check yet... The gala is Friday. Should I be selling my ring? What's going on? It's only two million. Yeah! I do remember. But I do not remember you being so sentimental unless you were trying to change the subject. Dad... Did you get my message? We need to sit down. I don't want to talk about it here. I found some strange entries in the "Old Hill" books. I'm not sure yet, but there's definitely something off. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 20. Yeah. Oh... (to the group) This is Robert Miller, one of our collectors. This Katrina Stanton, and Alex Stanton and their daughter Ava, who is a talented young artist. Drawings. Go -- away. Who's this? What do you want? Where? Are you serious? I see you. You just come in and out whenever you want? (laughs, then in a rage) One damn night in a month I told you was important to me, et tu es meme pas capable d'etre la... ...I don't want to hear about your obligations. If you cared -- YOU No, no, no. You're here when it's convenient for you to be here. C'est pas ca l'amour. Love means Why did you buy those paintings? Okay, thank you for helping me get started. But if I'm gonna fail-- then let me fail! What image? You're never gonna leave her. ...Where?... Me, too. Where did you go? Goldenrod - 4.17.11 34. I woke up for a minute, you weren't here... Was it good? Good. Don't forget to take your Lipitor in the morning... What? Of course I do... I cannot reconcile it... The "Old Hill" Fund. Dad, are you listening to me? Yeah, but look at the sheet! It can't be right. There's a four hundred million dollar hole here. I mean that can't be right. Is he expecting you? ...the way that this sheet reads, half of the fund's assets are missing. I know, it's ridiculous, and yet... Everything alright? Okay. And Mom wants to know about the hospital check? Okay. Ellen Miller's office... And it, it transformed them, seriously. There's a Detective Bryer in the lobby. And thanks again for your generosity. Alright, we'll see you then. Thank you, bye. (hanging up, to Mae) I'm sorry, what? Detective Bryer. What does he want? I don't know. (heading to the door) Well, I'm late so-- I just can't deal with it right now. Okay, what about these? Goldenrod - 4.17.11 47. Send them a thank you note, Zappos has been so generous-- Thanks, bye guys. Yes? Did you just call my office? Well, I don't have time right now, sorry.. Well, fine, but, make an appointment. Peter...? I'm looking at some statements right now... How much did you book last quarter?... No, I'm not... No, Peter, I'm really just asking you... Thirty-five million. For your entire group, right?... It wasn't sixty-eight?... Of course it's a big number... No, I'm not... Oh, Peter I'll talk to you later . (holding up pages) Can you explain these? Old Hill. All the numbers you've falsified. Get out of my way. You're hurting my arm. You're fired, Ben. I just did. I'm sorry, Mr. Miller, as I explained from downstairs, he's on a call right now, and he said... Goldenrod - 4.17.11 60. Mr. Miller! Brooke's waiting for you... No, but she looked upset. I'll stand. (as he sits) Didn't you think I'd find out? Then why didn't you tell me? Goldenrod - 4.17.11 64. Everybody wins? If the company sells. If I lie for you. I'm the Chief Investment Officer of this company. What do you think they'll say at the depositions? "She didn't know?" They'll take away my brokerage license- failure to supervise you -- my name in every paper and blog while I visit your ass in jail! What... gives you the audacity to think you can make those decisions? No, it's illegal. It's illegal. And I am your partner. (stares a while, then) For a moment I thought you were gonna say you were sorry. (nods, then) I just wanted to thank you for what you did for my daughter. You believed in her, and you gave her a chance. She was happy. I know she was happy. ...she's rail thin. She's a blond. I would not have known who she was if she hadn't come up and introduced herself to me. She looked totally different... and... (notices Brooke increasing the machine's resistance) You're going straight to level six don't you think you better pace yourself a little bit? (fakes a smile) I'm good. I wanna run. Everything okay with you and Tom? We're fine. Are you worried about the deal closing? No. You want me to guess? Brookie, come on, don't be silly, tell me what's... (heading to pick up her Did you uh, finish the deal with the hospital? Goldenrod - 4.17.11 78. No. Did he write the check? No. Why not? Issues related to the closing. We don't lie to each other, Brooke. I'm not lying to you. It's complicated; you wouldn't understand. Uh, I know that a policeman showed up at the office? Do you know what that's about? I honestly have no idea. What about your father's head- where he cut his head and the pain that he's hiding in his stomach and, now (starts to tear) For some reason that's way to complicated for me to understand, there's no money for a routine gift? Does that seem a little strange to you? Of course it's strange. So tell me what's happening. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 79. What do you want me to say? He's my dad. I have to trust him. No. You have to do what's right for you. Not him, not me, not anyone. This is your life. I love you. I gotta go. Fuck. You gotta give him up. That was to keep quiet, not to go away. What's he offering you now? You spoke to Brooke? No. She didn't have to. ...you explained, did you? Did you tell her everything? Everything? (off his silence) Lift up your shirt. Lift up -- your shirt. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 97. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 98. I didn't ask you because I didn't want you to lie. But I thought that we had an understanding. And you broke that understanding when you brought Brooke into it. When you made Brooke complicit-- when you risked her future-- and I'm done. Read it. You're not following. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 99. (like talking to a child) Okay, uhm, the police have been trying to talk me. I assume they want to know where you were that night. And you know what? I'm not gonna lie for you anymore. Not unless you sign that. I think you'll find a way to manage. I'm sure you have all kinds of things offshore for a rainy day. No, if you sign, then I'll tell your lie. I'll say you were at home with me that night, all night, together, here, and you'll be free and clear. And the people who need our money will get it. That's my price. Well then... I'll have to tell them that you came home at four-thirty bruised and bleeding... I think we call it negotiating. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 100. You know what, it'll cause just enough trouble- the kind of trouble that you don't want-- In fact, according to my lawyer It's enough to give them probable cause and then they can subpoena your cell phone, GPS, DNA, And whatever else they can think of. So really Robert what you have is a choice: you can spend the next three years in court and in the tabloids or-- you can be at your business. Just try me. You broke -- our little girl's heart. I do, but she didn't. (turns and heads out) Then you're gonna need a warm coat. ...and to receive this prestigious award, I invite now to the stage the man who led this generous effort, and whose financial trading firm, Miller Capital, has just this morning been acquired by Standard Bank and Trust, a dedicated businessman, family man, scholar, philanthropist and all-around humanitarian, a man I am lucky to call -- my mentor, my friend -- and my father -- Mr. Robert Miller... 