It's important, Mr. Pennyworth. I could try explaining that a save-the-world project, vain or not, is worth investing in, whatever the return. I could try, Mr. Daggett, but you understand only money and the power you think it buys, so why waste my time, indeed? I like having someone around to open doors for me. Right hand. No partials. Not so fast, handsome. You got something for me? I don't know what you're going to do with Mr. Wayne's prints...but I'm guessing you'll need his thumb. You don't count so good, huh? Okay, okay - My friend is waiting outside. Just hit 'send'... Place is a little dead. (takes envelope, tense) It'll liven up in a minute, trust me. Everything okay? Great. Catch you later. It would've been a lot easier to just give me what we agreed. No. But my friend over there...? Every cop in the city's missing him. I don't know... You did just use his cell phone. Keep some pressure on that, sweetheart. There's a man in there - he's bleeding! I'm only asking for explanations because I think I can help. He doesn't talk to you either? Mr. Fox, are you aware that John Daggett is trying to acquire shares in Wayne Enterprises? Get out. Now. I told you not to try it with the assholes, Jen. They're all assholes. Okay, the assholes who hit. I don't know what he's so upset about, he only had sixty bucks in here. Probably the watch. Watch? Even before you became a recluse, you never came to these things... Actually, this is my party, Mr. Wayne. And the proceeds will go where they should, because I paid for the big fat spread myself. You have to invest to restore balance to the world. Take our clean-energy project... You have a practiced apathy, Mr. Wayne. But a man who doesn't care about the world doesn't spend half his fortune on a plan to save it... (Gentle.) And isn't so wounded when it fails that he goes into hiding... Have a good evening, Mr. Wayne. You were supposed to be a shut-in. Why didn't you call the police? Yeah? Who are you pretending to be? His wife's in Ibiza. She left her diamonds behind, though. Worried they'd get stolen. (flash of anger) The mistakes stick better. Trust me. I take what I need to from those who have more than enough. I don't stand on the shoulders of people with less. I'd do more to help someone than most of the people in this room. Than you. Or maybe you're being unrealistic about what's really in your pants other than your wallet. You think all this can last? There's a storm coming, Mr. Wayne. You and your friends better batten down the hatches, because when it hits you're all gonna wonder how you ever thought you could live so large and leave so little to the rest of us. I'm adaptable. Well, what do you know? Police are keeping quiet about the prospect of a return by the Batman, but eyewitness accounts seem the clearly suggests the type of... Cat got your tongue? Nobody ever accused me of being dumb. I want what you owe me - I don't know, do they? So where is it? The program. The 'Clean Slate'. Where is it? You're lying. Rykin Data took it to prototype stage - Stay back! I'm not bluffing! You've got to be kidding. Where's the fun in that? My mother warned me about getting into cars with strange men - See you around - I had it under control. Wayne wasn't kidding about a 'powerful friend'. I sold his prints to Daggett. For something that doesn't even exist. Hey, when a girl's desperate... I don't know. But Daggett seemed pretty interested in that mess at the stock market. You brought me out here to show me a rubbish dump, Mr. Fox? This is it, isn't it? Is Bruce Wayne really that paranoid? No radiation, no fossil fuels. Free, clean energy for an entire city. You've built a lot of security around a damp squib. About three years ago a Russian scientist published a paper on weaponized fusion reactions. One week later your reactor started developing problems... (Looks at Wayne.) I think this machine works. Would it make you feel better to know that the Russian scientist died in a plane crash six months ago? And to do what with it? And if we can't? Destroy the world's best chance for a sustainable future? Bruce, if you want to save the world you have to start trusting it. Doesn't count. You have no choice. He's not a mark. And he doesn't have a cent to his name, anyway. Yeah, it's not much. (Smiles.) But it's more that you've got right now. The rich don't even go broke same as the rest of us, huh? Let's just say that I've incurred the wrath of some people less susceptible to my charms than you. And how would he do that? It doesn't exist. Why? Tell him I'll think about it. Mr. Wayne? I'm sorry they took all your money. Do you have keys? Let's find a window. Fox worked the board like you've never seen - I'm in, Daggett's out and he's not happy. Suffering builds character. I'll take care of your parents' legacy, Bruce. Who's this? Where's Alfred? What's that? When I was a child we had almost nothing. But on the nights we had a fire, we felt very rich indeed. Not always. Not when I was young. An old mistake. More than a few... (Smiles.) We could leave. Tonight. Take my plane. Go anywhere we wanted. Don't be shy. Wayne says you can get me the 'Clean Slate'. On what? Still don't trust me, huh? How can we change that? You asked. From here, Bane's men patrol the tunnels...and they are not your average brawlers. He's behind you. Just a little further. I had to find a way to stop them trying to kill me. Would you mind? Don't tell me, still in love? Girl's gonna eat. Maybe it's not you I'm running from. That you should be as afraid of him as I am. I'm not sure. Why, honey, you wanna hold my hand? Bruce got a lot of things right. Keeping the board in the dark wasn't one of them... Alright, stop. Lucius, you'll kill this man and yourself, and barely slow them down. Pavel was confirmed dead - plane crash on an Agency pull-out of Uzbekistan... But it certainly looks like him - Once I had a wife. My great love. She was taken from me... Who's that? This was someone's home. Now it's everyone's home. 'Storm's coming', remember? This is what you wanted. No. It's what I thought I wanted. And as CEO of Wayne Enterprises, I have to take responsibility for it. Because, Captain, we built it. Jim. He's not here - How about me, instead? My company built it. And he wanted to destroy it. It was me who didn't listen. Please. You boys know you can't come into my neighborhood without asking politely. Never steal anything from someone you can't outrun, kid. Just tax. You came back. I thought they'd killed you. If you're expecting an apology - And why would I help you? You're gonna trust me with that? After what I did to you? Start fresh? I can't even get off this island. Why do you need Fox? Who says it needs saving? Maybe I like it this way. Get your powerful friend on the case. Bruce? Do what's necessary. Sorry to spoil things, boys, but Bane wants these guys himself... I know. He should be so lucky. Honey, take a look! Oh, you shouldn't have... I got it. No, I've got forty-five minutes to get clear of the blast radius, because you don't stand a chance against these guys. I'll open that tunnel, then I'm gone. Sorry to keep letting you down. Come with me. Save yourself. You don't owe these people anymore - you've given them everything... I am. And though I am not 'ordinary', I am a citizen... I climbed out of the pit... I found my father and brought him back to exact terrible vengeance - but by that time...the prisoners and the doctor had done their work to my friend...my protector... The League took us in. Trained us... He saw only a monster who could never be tamed. Whose very existence was a reminder of the hell he'd left his wife to die in. He excommunicated Bane from the League of Shadows. His only crime was that he loved me. I could not truly forgive my father... Until you murdered him. 'Innocent' is a strong word to throw around Gotham, Bruce. I honor my father by finishing his work. Vengeance against the man who killed him is simply a reward for my patience... You see, it's the slow knife...the knife that takes its time, the knife that waits years without forgetting, then slips quietly between bones...that's the knife - - that cuts deepest. Gordon. (To Batman.) You gave him a way to block my signal. No matter - (Looks at watch.) He's bought Gotham eleven minutes. (Shouts at Mercenary.) Prepare a convoy. We must secure the bomb until it detonates. Not yet... I want him to feel the heat. (To Batman.) Feel the fire of twelve million souls you failed. Goodbye, my friend. The whole no-guns thing? I don't feel as strongly about it as you do. Pushing us to the entrance of the reactor. They're going to try and reconnect the core. Fox showed me how to operate the reactor core. Including the emergency flood - There is no way to stop this bomb. Prepare yourselves... (Looks up at Batman.) My father's work is done. Rig it out to fly over the water, then bail - You could've gone anywhere. Been anything. But you came back here. I guess we're both suckers. 