(as the phone rings) Don't pick up...don't pick up... don't pick up... It's Nic, do you have any? Good morning to you too. You're what? Well, where are you guys shooting today? Where? Text me the address. You have some...Okay. Was that your wife? Whip, don't even joke about that. Our flight's at 9, let's hit it. Morning Captain Whitaker. Captain Whitaker, that sky gonna hold? You're not gonna make me spend another night in Orlando? That's right, Christ the King First Baptist Church on Hazel and 9th Street. And I'm still saving you a seat next to me. Offer stands...come on down. Here's your coffee and the final manifest. 102 souls on board. Kip I need 2 grams of "h." Desdemona? What the fuck? I don't do porn, Kip. Just lemme see the "h." He fucks me in the ass? Fuck you Tiki, you put that in your ass and call me in the morning. Kip, have I ever done that shit for you? Never. Asshole. I just need a little to smoke. (flashes the cash) I've got 100. I can handle it. I'm just gonna smoke it. I haven't done needles in weeks. Ladies and gentlemen, the captain has turned on the seat-belt sign. Please be sure your seat-belts are securely fastened, and all carry-on items are safely stored in the over- head bin, or under the seat in front of you. Also, all personal electronic devices must be switched off, at this time. Today's flight time to Atlanta should be 52 minutes. Flight attendants please take your seats. (to a passenger) This happened last week, always bumpy outta Orlando. Right Cam? Ladies and Gentlemen, the captain has asked that until we clear this air you stay seated with your seat belts fastened. Thank you. Fuck! Fran...get out. Get the fuck out Fran! Fran, please just gimme a minute. Get out. I have the rent. I will bring it down to you. Just let me shower. You're in the perfect light Fran. (he smiles, preening) Back up a little...little more. In your fucking dreams. Oh man... NICOLE (cont'd) (CONT'D) Oh no, oh no, oh no... How long has Sleeping Beauty been out? Well, I guess you'll need to wake... (referring to the noise) That came from the back! Everyone's belted in. Are we going down? Oh God, Whip. What's happening?! Yes. Trevor. Why? I love you Trevor. Be a good boy. Mommy loves you. Were you on the plane? Where were you sitting? He was. Nicole. Not much. I was a photographer and then I was a masseuse and I wash hair at a salon sometimes. Do you think you're gonna die? Chemo brain. Chemo makes you pretty foggy. They call it chemo brain, my mom used to slur her words and get all chatty. Breast cancer, she was only 54. I dunno. I flat-lined twice in the ambulance. Heroin addicts who use needles tend to die. Especially women for some reason. I have a pamphlet to prove it. A girl from AA just came to see me -- That guy was a trip. He made it feel like, I dunno...we were the last people left on the planet.. (drops her smoke) ...and together we should save the world. You don't want me. What? Why you wanna come visit? It's luxurious. (silence between them) I live in Bankhead, it's south Atlanta, near the bus station. Yeah. You're sweet. I live at the Georgian Gardens on Taylor street. Yeah. Trying to stay as long as I can but I don't have insurance to cover rehab. I'll prolly be out tomorrow. Yeah. I've been every kind of masseuse there is. You too. (nods again, recovering) Just this stuff. Ah...my car doesn't run. It won't start. I'm taking this with me. I don't...I...I was... I don't know what I was gonna do. What's your name? Thank you, Captain Whip. I was gonna lay down, get some rest. Is it really okay that I stay here? It's throbbing because the blood is having a hard time getting back to your heart. NICOLE stands and takes the drink out of WHIP's hand and sets it down. She now bends down and kisses him softly. She now stands and takes his hand, leading him in to the bedroom. Hey. Sorry I'm a little late, but we went for coffee after the meeting... (Whip doesn't look) Whip? NICOLE goes close to see WHIP look at her with a non-focused stare. She sees the table and reads the situation. NICOLE watches as WHIP stands up. In his oblivion he tries to focus. Are you okay? You were in bad shape when I got home. A bit? It's more than okay, Whip. I've been watching the sky change as the sun rises. Beautiful. (holds up the camera) Perfect light, I went out and took some great shots. My mom got it for me. Towards the end, when she knew she wasn't gonna recover. She maxed out her credit card to buy me that camera and a lighting kit. It's just so beautiful here. Did you grow up here? And your mom? I'm pretty sure my father lives in Colorado. He drank. It was my mom that raised me. She was incredible. She held it together for so long, I couldn't tell how sick she was. Even through chemo she looked beautiful. NICOLE leans over and blows out the candle. They gave her very heavy meds for pain. Dilauded, morphine, oxycontin. I started taking them with her. We would get all medicated and sit in our back yard and talk and talk and watch the sun go down. We'd be so stoned that we couldn't get up to go inside when it got dark. (laughs, fights the pain) I know it sounds crazy to get hooked on dope with your mom, but she was dying and we spent her last seven months together like teenagers, trading stories about boys and whatever. She loved me. WHIP lifts the camera and points it at NICOLE. She contorts her face into a sly smile. WHIP snaps it...she laughs. It's great to see you, Whip. Yeah, and some stitches but I'm fine. I really am. (she goes quiet) It was a nice service. I mean, look at all these people that wanted to say goodbye. She looked beautiful in there. (Whip is blank) Didn't you think so, Whip? Like she was gonna wake up and smile. Trevor, find Dad. He's by Mr. Benton, there. Are you okay? You should come to the counseling group. The union has great people for us to talk to. Take care Whip, okay? I know. I'm going in to see them next week. With Trina... I've known you 11 years and you're gonna stand here and tell me you and Trina went to dinner and you drank two glasses of wine? Sounds like a nice restaurant Whip, which one was it? It's a lie. Whip, it's a lie. Trina told me you two hadn't been to sleep. I didn't say that Whip. I can't imagine another pilot doing- Please Whip, enough. Don't you think we've all had enough. (Whip is quiet) What do you want me to say? Are you okay? How was it? Well, I got through my first day. They haven't fired me. They needed someone to work the night shift. They asked me and it's time and a half so... I gotta vest and here's my name tag. Oh oh oh....I got you something.. (hands him a nice lighter) It's a P-51 mustang on there... (flies her arms like I promised Sheila I would be at the meeting tonight. She's the one that's been helping me, my sponsor. Can we do it tomorrow night? And Please, Whip don't make me choose between dinner with you and the meeting. Why don't you come with me? We'll eat after. It's an open meeting. That means anybody can come. Anybody. Yeah, Sheila. She can take me back to work. (extends her hand) I'm Sheila. WHIP shakes her hand before quickly escaping as if from a fire. We stay close on WHIP's face as he walks out. BARRY continues his pitch. Blessed to be alive. I know who you are. Praise Jesus. Praise Jesus. Praise Jesus. It is quiet for an extended beat. Finally... Thanks for the ride guys. I'll see you tomorrow. It's kind of...beautiful. Does it work... Jamaica? In this? You're insane. Was the water warm? That's my kind of place. Sure, why not. You're serious? Whip, we can't. I'm worried about you. No you're not, you're really not. You need help, Whip. I think you need rehab. We're the same Whip, you and me, we're the same- Never Whip, I never in my life- Stop. Please stop. That's not fair- You're sick, Whip. Do you? You choose it? I don't see a lot of choice goin' on. Whip. I'm afraid I'll use again. I'd love for you to get help, Whip. I don't wanna use again. I can't. I won't make it back. What are you doing here? You know that I prefer that you call us. Have you been drinking? I'm gonna ask you to step outside of the house, please. I'm calling the police. Those are difficult images to watch. For the record, I'm Ellen Block, Hearing Officer for this hearing. Captain Whitaker, good morning. What was captured on that video is that the aircraft was in a relatively stable glide just prior to the moment of impact. However, according to the data we retrieved from the cockpit data recorders, at exactly 9:34, after flying 27 minutes without incident, the transponder recorded a loss in altitude in excess of 4800 feet per minute in what is considered a "full pitch nose down" attitude. Then at 9:42, according to the data recorders, a decision was made to invert the aircraft. The NTSB has created animated simulation that I would like to play at this point. What led to that decision? Let me quote from an investigative summary..."From 9:34 until 9:42 the events on the aircraft are"...again I quote, "bold and remarkable"... "By inverting the plane, Captain Whitaker arrested the descent and allowed the aircraft to level off enabling him to glide the aircraft away from any populated areas and allowing him to execute a forced landing in an open field. You had no idea what was wrong with the aircraft? As I said before you can add any details you like to any comments I make. Do you remember any thing else that was out of the ordinary? Did you feel the flight crew was in their best shape? It was raining very hard the morning you took off, wasn't it? Yes, first officer Evans' testimony confirms the same. Mr. Whitaker, I want to talk about the days leading and hours leading up to the accident. But before I do, I want to remind you that you are under oath and any testimony that you give here today will be considered admissable in any subsequent hearings or criminal proceedings, do you understand what that means? On the three days leading up to the day of the accident -- Tuesday, October 11th, Wednesday, October 12th or Thursday, October 13th of 2011 -- did you consume any alcohol or other intoxicating elements? On the morning of the accident, Friday, October 14th, did you consume any alcohol or ingest any chemicals or drugs that may have impaired your ability to perform your job? Mr. Whitaker, do you now or have you ever had a problem with alcohol dependency, alcoholism or drug addiction? Okay, Mr. Whitaker, we're about done. (She refers to her notes) Due to the severe turbulence during the early part of the flight, you asked the flight crew to suspend the beverage service on the plane. Is that correct? Are you aware that our investigators found two single- service Vodka bottles in the galley trash bin? There were 5 crew members on board the flight who would have had access to the beverage trolley. Less than an hour after the accident, blood was taken from each of the crew members. Yourself... Miss Marquez was not only a colleague, but you knew her outside of work? Correct? Did you know Miss Marquez had a drinking problem? Did you ever see her drink to excess? Did you know that she was twice treated for alcohol addiction? The last time was 16 months ago and paid for by SouthJet Airlines? Is it your opinion that Katerina Marquez drank the vodka on the plane? Your opinion Captain. Is it your opinion that Katerina Marquez drank on that flight? Since her toxicology report is the only toxicology report that is admissable in this hearing, and she in fact tested positive for alcohol, is it your opinion that Katerina Marquez drank those 2 bottles of vodka on the flight? Yes, well. However, is it your opinion... Excuse me, Mr. Whitaker... Captain Whitaker can you speak Mr. Whitaker, in light of that remark, would you like to readdress... On the three nights before the accident, October 11th- Mr. Whitaker, on the morning of 