Any questions, my dear? REPORTER TWO Mr. Hitchcock, you've directed forty-six motion pictures. You host a hit TV show seen around the world. You're the most famous director in the history of the medium... but you're sixty years old. Shouldn't you just quit while you're ahead? ALMA Muhammad had the eyes of peeping Toms gouged out with arrows. I doubt whether Mr. Weiler has had a climax in years. Don't be maudlin, you know how much it aggravates me. Stop reading them. You've been reading them for a week now. ALFRED HITCHCOCK Tell me, dear. Am I really too old? Yes. A true relic. And lest we forget, a notably corpulent one. Right between the shoulder blades. I learned it from your pictures. I'm seeing Whit for brunch after I drop you off at the studio. Why don't you join us? You'll feel better as soon as you find a project. Hasn't Peggy unearthed any decent books yet? Well? There's a story out there waiting for you somewhere, Hitch. I promise. Don't forget your lunch. Fox is offering you The Diary of Anne Frank for the third time. MGM wants you for the Ian Fleming book, Casino Royale, with Cary Grant. Definitely your style. Serves you right. Hitch always said your private life was in danger of being more entertaining than any of your plots. All this relentless sycophancy is giving me indigestion. What are you after? And how is your wife? Hitch is going out of his mind looking for his next project. You know how unbearable he is when he doesn't have something lined up. Almost. I'm satisfied spending time in my garden. Ah. All is finally revealed. WHITFIELD COOK The most fun I ever had was working with you. I suppose I could give it a look. Nothing suitable. Is that water or do I need to call Alma? The story department finished the coverage this morning. You're kidding. Hungry? It's elegant, sophisticated, full of This might be the one, Alfred. There are calories in that, you know. Now? "Mary started to scream, and then the curtains parted further and a hand appeared, holding a butcher's knife. It was the knife that, a moment later, cut off her scream... and her head." (handing him back the book) Charming. Doris Day should do it as a musical. This is nothing but low-budget horror movie claptrap. Actually, I think it's a huge mistake. You shouldn't wait till halfway through... Kill her off after 30 minutes. Minions. Certainly. And who might they be...? How many do you need? All that celery's affecting your brain. Are you sure about this? This is so unlike you. I told you, Hitch. This thing's strictly for the drive-in crowd. You don't have to pretend you're not upset he hasn't read it yet, you know. Well, I loved it. What terrific fun it must have been to research. I told you it would be too much. You're back early. I'm disappointed you didn't give Whit's book a chance. He knows you well enough. Why? ALFRED HITCHCOCK Paramount refuses to finance the movie. Imagine -- The studio that brought you Martin and Lewis and The Greatest Show On Earth considers Psycho distasteful. Why not wait? Are we going to have to sell the entire house or just the pool? Tell me and I won't ever ask again. Why this one, Hitch? It's not just because so many people are telling you 'no,' is it? Hitch? The movie will be splendid. Of the movie? Not in the least. But of you? Unquestionably. Stop waffling, Donald. Give it to me straight. ACCOUNTANT Hitch wasn't exaggerating. If the film's a flop, you're going to have to sell the house. Where do you suggest we cut? We're about to have dinner. You don't need anything else. Hire him. ALFRED HITCHCOCK The only thing worse than a visit to the dentist is one to the censor. Whatever you do, Alfred, don't lose your temper. The Lazar Office tells me he's crazy to work with you. ALFRED HITCHCOCK Well, tell "Swifty" he shouldn't have overexposed his client on television. Unlike certain people we could mention. Think of the duality he could bring to Norman. The rage lurking behind that little-boy-lost grin. The winsome charm he uses to keep from being found out. Why, Alma, you're not suggesting that Mr. Perkins is -- ? Stop grumbling. A bit of fresh air and exercise is exactly what you need. ALFRED HITCHCOCK If I could get Grace Kelly to play the girl, they'd let me get away with anything. Well you can't. She's a princess now which makes her permanently unattainable. Lew suggested Deborah Kerr. What about Janet Leigh? She's always the `good girl' but she did awfully well in Touch of Evil. Lew mentioned her name. Do you remember how you always remarked on her figure at the Wassermans' parties? ALFRED HITCHCOCK Of course the real secret of Mrs. Simpson's appeal to the Duke of Windsor was that she could make a toothpick feel like a cigar. You know, I've been so immersed in preparing to play Marion I'd almost forgotten how to laugh. Nothing for me, thank you. I'm watching my figure. You're not the only one. (to the waiter) We're fine, thank you. I've written a complete history for her...It seems silly, but it helps me. ALFRED HITCHCOCK It doesn't sound silly at all. Tell me one of her deepest secrets. She leads a double life. For instance, when she works at the Lowery office, she wears Tweed perfume. But, when she and Sam are together, she recklessly breaks out her one expensive bottle -- "My Sin" by Lanvin. You and the Shurlock Office. It's just... I mean even if you shoot me from here -- (she indicates a spot just above her bosom) -- well it's not as if my figure is boyish. If you'll excuse me. Oh, come off it, old girl. Hello Lillian. ALMA Don't upset yourself, darling. It's only a bloody movie. I've made a list of places where we can tighten our belt. It wouldn't hurt for us all to learn the art of self restraint. There aren't any other places. And furthermore, they'll be no more shipments from Maxim's either. We can't afford it. The foie gras at Chasen's is more than adequate. Help me. I still can't believe you cast Vera Miles as the sister. Rather a thankless role, don't you think? (re: the fabric) He chose it himself and had it imported from Paris. If I wear that, I'm going to look like George Washington. Wait until you see the undergarments he picked out for you. I just have to keep telling myself, one more picture and I'm free as a bird. Am I alright? ALFRED HITCHCOCK Perfect. And we're about to move to a whole new neighborhood. Morning Janet. Morning Tony. You're the genius. ALFRED HITCHCOCK Everyone's is. Until Alma finishes the revisions. Now hurry along, Vera. You're just in time for the oath. The what? I feel like I should take offense at that. Maybe there was a transom over the bathroom door? Well, a boy's first glimpse of a naked woman is usually his mother. ANTHONY PERKINS So...I'm reliving the past, repeating a ritual with Marion? Hitch, I have a question. Why is the hole much larger on this side? Wow. You really do your research, don't you? I switch to one of these. Are you sure you don't want to look at something a little more elegant? This is the brand I wear. Good luck getting this one past the censor. If you ask me, the credits should read "Screenplay by Joseph Stefano and Alma Reville." The people who matter know. That's all that counts. I'd hate to see Shurlock's face when he reads this. Alma, you always know the answer. Is this really going to work? Whit. I've been doing the revisions on... WHITFIELD COOK Psycho. And how is the old boy? In a state of unbridled ecstacy now that he's back on the set. Not bad. I've got eight hundred words to do for Reader's Digest on what it's like to be married to a man obsessed by murder. No. Actually, I'm back sooner than I expected. No. (he starts to head off) And you shouldn't either. Those haven't been washed yet. I'll see how my day shapes up. Have you talked to him much about your personal life? JANET LEIGH Not really... I'd keep it that way if I were you. (Off Janet's look) He starts by choosing your hairstyle and clothes and then he wants to choose your friends and decide how many children you should have. Compared to Orson Welles, he's a sweetheart. See? He's always watching. It's still engaged. Hitch, I'm stuck on Lila's first scene. I don't know how strongly I should confront Sam and the detective and I -- What would I do without you? What did you forget now? PR FLACK Mr. Hitchcock, every press outlet is driving us crazy for photos -- Are you okay? You've gone very pale. It's not even three. It's so nice not to have to take care of someone, even if it's just for an hour or two. Whit, where are we going? You still haven't told me. A surprise. How fun. What happened to your driver? I can give you a ride if you want. I didn't. Help yourself. (letting him in on it) I pinched them from Tony's dressing room. I thought you only ate Fauchon chocolate. Did you know when we started out I was his boss? He didn't even dare ask me out until he'd worked his way up to assistant director. Looks nice. Terrific location. Why? I just saw Elizabeth. Why on earth didn't she tell me? Very Bohemian. Whit. I hope you haven't got the wrong idea. WHITFIELD COOK If you were serious about helping me adapt my book, I thought it would be the perfect hideaway. ALFRED HITCHCOCK So I read your finished treatment. "Taxi to -- " Where was it? Dubrovnik. Yes. Naturally. ALFRED HITCHCOCK There's no other way of saying it. It's stillborn. Dead in the water. How so? How would you know what really goes on between a man and a woman? And you're sure this moleskin will stay put? Mr. Hitchcock promised. JANET LEIGH It better. I'm going to be taking a shower all week. Forget what Hitch said. He's just feeling his age. He'll come around. So why don't we put some in? All we need is a better catalyst. Some innocuous little trigger to release all that underlying desire. My mother always said, "Have confidence in yourself and you can lick anything." Oh God... WHITFIELD COOK What if Helen and Michael try and get into the cab at the same time? Even better, what if they reached for the cab door at exactly the same time? That way, we could start close on the hands... (tracking the movement) ... and then tilt up to the eyes. Are you going to get that? PEGGY I know you told me only to call in an emergency, but I'm not sure how else to describe this. Hilton. I have Mr. Hitchcock for you. No more phone calls. You're burning up. Where do you think you're going? You stay in bed. I'll deal with it. Don't stop work because of me. I'm only here as one of the two people paying your salaries. Scene? One seventy three. Storyboards? Start with the overhead. We'll cut before the fall. Then we'll put Martin in a chair under the camera. (to the cameraman) And that lens should be a thirty-five. That won't be necessary. Thank you for your concern, Barney. But on a Hitchcock picture, there is only one director. Mrs. Hitchcock? I hope you don't mind. I heard Hitch was sick so I got him a little something. That's kind of you. Well, he's been very considerate with me. I haven't always had that from my directors. Janet, you've been very... professional. It hasn't gone unappreciated. ALMA May I turn that down? You'll be pleased to know order has been restored. A thank you would be nice. I already cancelled the wrap party. That'll save us two thousand right there. And you won't be tempted by any champagne and cake. That's where Whit and I are writing. He's rented a place. Actually, it's very conducive to creative collaboration. Didn't everyone say the same thing about "Psycho"? Don't be absurd. He's working on something new and needs a little help, that's all. What do you think I've been doing? ALFRED HITCHCOCK Then why are you spending all hours of the day and night with some overage, talentless mamma's boy? Because it's fun. Full support? We've mortgaged our house. My house. Might I remind you that I have weighed-in on every aspect of this film so far, as I have done on every picture you've done in the last three decades. And the first time you show the film, it will be my notes that you want. I celebrate with you if the reviews are good and I cry for you if they are not. I host your parties and put up with those fantasy romances with your leading ladies. And when you're out promoting this film around the world, I will stand beside or, rather, slightly behind you, smiling endlessly for the press even when I'm ready to drop, being gracious to people who look through me as if I were invisible because all they can see is the grand and glorious "Alfred Hitchcock." Now, for the first time in years, I dare to work on something that isn't "an Alfred Hitchcock Production" and I'm met with accusation and criticisms. This work I'm doing with Whit gives me pleasure and purpose. And even though that takes absolutely nothing away from you, please consider this a reminder: I am your wife, Alma Reville, not one of the contract blondes you badger and torment with your oh-so- specific direction. Free at last. ALFRED HITCHCOCK Well, Vera. You always make it look so easy. Oh, it was nothing, Hitch. I just faked it. Unlike Grace Kelly, I can pick up my dry cleaning. I've got a family, Hitch. A home. That will always mean more to me than all of this. That blonde woman of mystery you're after? She's a fantasy. She doesn't exist. I thought you rented this place so we could write. Don't worry. I won't tell Elizabeth. Is there anything else we can do? ACCOUNTANT We'll just have to wait and see how the movie turns out. Well, it is only a house. ED GEIN This is my favorite place. I just shut the doors and leave the world behind. Cold and miserable. ALFRED HITCHCOCK Just like Barney Balaban's face. And neither am I. There's no other way to say it... It's stillborn. I don't think I can stand both of us being maudlin. There is one solution to all this, you know. We could both get to work -- together. That tiresome little Hitchcock imitation I've been helping Whit finish is done. So I suggest, for everyone's sake, we start whipping Psycho into shape tomorrow. You may not be the easiest man to live with but you know how to cut a picture better than anyone. You'll need to cut those six or seven frames where she blinks after she's supposed to be dead. Take thirty frames off the head... Only cut back to Janet once the car's already moving. Swimmingly. I think I'm never going to take a shower again. He's been harassing you since you announced this project, you invite him to the set, and he doesn't even show up? What did you tell him? I thought we were reshooting the scene. Not at all. More playful, darling. BARNEY BALABAN "Absolutely never, ever will I allow anything to follow Psycho -- no previews of coming attractions, no newsreel, no short subject and certainly no double- feature. Sincerely, and, emphatically, Alfred Hitchcock." Well, at least there are some people here. We can go through the side entrance. THEATER MANAGER Right this way, Mr. and Mrs. Hitchcock. Are you sure? Fine, darling. I'll save you a seat. Does this mean I can take the weekend off now? You do realize I've been waiting decades to hear you say that. 