I'm Corporal Ira Clark, sir. Fifth Massachusetts Cavalry. We're waiting over there. Another three dollars subtracted from our pay for our uniforms. Equal pay now. Still no commissioned Negro officers. Yes, sir, that's good you're aware, sir. It's only that - Now that white people have accustomed themselves to seeing Negro men with guns, fighting on their behalf, and now that they can tolerate Negro soldiers getting the same pay - in a few years perhaps they can abide the idea of Negro lieutenants and captains. In fifty years, maybe a Negro colonel. In a hundred years - the vote. Work, sir. Perhaps you'll hire me. But you should know, sir, that I get sick at the smell of bootblack and I can't cut hair. "That we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in I don't want to be spared if you aren't! And you spare me nothing. Perhaps perhaps it's the assault on Wilmington port. You dream about the ship before a battle, usually. Beyond description. Almost two years, nothing mends. Another casualty of the war. Who wants to listen to a useless woman grouse about her carriage accident? Stuff! You tell me dreams, that's all, I'm your soothsayer, that's all I am anymore, I'm not to be trusted with - Even if it wasn't a carriage accident, even if it was an attempted assassination - It was an assassin. Whose intended target was you. I don't want to talk about parties! You don't care about parties. I know...I know what it's about. The ship, it isn't Wilmington Port, it's not a military campaign! It's the amendment to abolish slavery! Why else would you force me to You're going to try to get the amendment passed in the House of Representatives, before the term ends, before the Inauguration. No one's loved as much as you, no one's ever been loved so much, by the people, you might do anything now. Don't, don't waste that power on an amendment bill that's sure of defeat. Did you remember Robert's coming home for the reception? I knew you'd forget. That's the ship you're sailing on. The Thirteenth Amendment. You needn't tell me I'm right. I know I am. (holding out the bodice:) She needs this for the grand reception. (concerned, a little He's here... (calling down the hall:) He's here, Mrs. Cuthbert! He's here! Robbie... Oh Robbie! Robbie! Oh! Go tell your father Robert's home! Tell him anyway. You forget to eat, exactly like him. You'll linger a few days extra, after the reception, before you go back to school. We'll fatten you up before you return to Boston. All right. (beaming at him, When you were a slave, Mr. Slade, did they beat you? Mr. Lincoln, could you come with me- I was beaten with a fire shovel when I was younger than you. You should go to Mrs. Lincoln. She's in Willie's room. My head hurts so. I prayed for death the night Willie died. The headaches are how I know I didn't get my wish. How to endure the long afternoon and deep into the night. Trying not to think about him. How will I manage? Somehow. Somehow. Somehow... Every party, every... And now, four years more in this terrible house reproaching us. He was a very sick little boy. We should've cancelled that reception, shouldn't we? I knew, I knew, I saw that night he was dying. But I saw Willie was dying. I saw Senator Sumner, it has been much too long. And...? (her Southern accent becoming more lustrous:) Praise Heavens, praise Heavens, just when I had abandoned hope of amusement, it's the Chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee! The past is the past, it's a new year now and we are all getting along, or so they tell me. I gather we are working together! The White House and the other House? Hatching little plans together? What? Oh! Oh, I'm detaining you, and more important, the people behind you! How the people love my husband, they flock to see him, by their thousands on public days! They will never love you the way they love him. How difficult it must be for you to know that. And yet how important to remember it. Make time to talk to Robbie. You only have time for Tad. So's Robert. Too young for the army. Don't take Robbie. Don't let me lose my son. Go away! We're occupied! (whispering to Mrs. I need to go. The war will take our son! A sniper, or a shrapnel shell! Or typhus, same as took Willie, it takes hundreds of boys a day! He'll die, uselessly, and how will I ever forgive you? Most men, their firstborn is their favorite, but you, you've always blamed Robert for being born, for trapping you in a marriage that's only ever given you grief and caused you regret! And if the slaughter of Cold Harbor is on your hands same as Grant, God help us! We'll pay for the oceans of spilled blood you've sanctioned, the uncountable corpses we'll be made to pay with our son's dear (with a mocking smile:) And if I refuse to take the high road, if I won't take up the rough old cross, will you threaten me again with the madhouse, as you did when I couldn't stop crying over Willie, when I showed you what heartbreak, real heartbreak looked like, and you hadn't the courage to countenance it, to help me - THEN DO IT! Do it! Don't you threaten me, you do it this time! Lock me away! You'll have to, I swear, if Robert is killed! You think I'm ignorant of what you're up to because you haven't discussed this scheme with me as you ought to have done. When have I ever been so easily bamboozled? I believe you when you insist that amending the constitution and abolishing slavery will end this war. And since you are sending my son into the war, woe unto you if you fail to pass the amendment. No one ever lived who knows better than you the proper placement of footfalls on treacherous paths. Seward can't do it. You must. Because if you fail to secure the necessary votes, woe unto you, sir. You will answer to me. I know the vote is only four days away; I know you're concerned. Thank you for your concern over this, and I want you to know: They'll approve it. God will see to it. Then you'll see to it. White people don't want us here. What about you? What my people are to be, I can't say. Negroes have been fighting and dying for freedom since the first of us was a slave. I never heard any ask what freedom will bring. Freedom's first. As for me: My son died, fighting for the Union, wearing the Union blue. For freedom he died. I'm his mother. That's what I am to the nation, Mr. Lincoln. What else must I be? Nay. I wish I'd been. You can't bring your housekeeper to the House. I won't give them gossip. This is enough. This is... It's more than enough for now. Adopted. "An Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. Section One: Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction." "Congress shall have power to enforce this amendment by appropriate legislation." You've an itch to travel? (shaking her head no:) Overseas. (a laugh, then:) Awfully pious for a man who takes his wife out buggy-riding on Good Friday. All anyone will remember of me is I was crazy and I ruined your happiness. When they look at you, at what it cost to live at the heart of this, they'll wonder at it. They'll wonder at you. They should. But they should also look at the wretched woman by your side, if they want to understand what this was truly like. For an ordinary person. For anyone other than you. 