What's happening now? That's not very nice. What's he doing that for? Well he's going to ruin his dinner. I'm sure if they just bothered to sit down and talk it through it'd be a different story. Norman CHUCKLES, as if the idea is absurd, then winces as he hears his father shout from the kitchen. ParaNorman 2. Tell him to turn up the thermostat too, will ya? My feet are like ice. Norman nods to her and shuffles over to the kitchen door. Hi. Whatcha watching in there? Oh. That's nice. Perry glares over as Norman wrestles with the garbage. Perry... Norman! He hefts the bag onto the floor and ties it in a knot. ParaNorman 3. Oh yeah, he's r-i-double p-e-d. Like, a seven pack at least. Ew! Watch it! She pushes her brother out of the way as he drags the garbage outside. Courtney, be nice. Yeah, she totally doesn't deserve him. I mean, she's nice and I really like her, but she's a complete loser. Yeah, I know. Courtney slumps into a chair at the table, twisting a strand of gum out of her mouth with a finger. Norman returns inside and shuts the door, pausing a moment as if thinking something over. Now, Perry... O-M-G, you are such a liar! ParaNorman 4. Oh yeah? Prove it! Norman levels her a look that says "you asked for this". I knew it! You've been sneaking around in my personal stuff! You are the worst! Courtney, brimming with outrage, storms out of the kitchen, her ponytail wagging furiously behind her. Sandra kneels down beside Norman with a wearily sympathetic smile. Norman, I know you and Grandma were very close, but we all have to move on. Grandma's in a better place now. Perry, this is just part of the mourning process. ParaNorman 5. Neil, come on. Let's go. You stink of illiteracy! Pilgrims? The Mayflower? Don't any of you know anything about the history of this town? Mrs Henscher tries her best to remain unfazed. Why is the witch always a hideous old crone with a pointy hat and a broomstick? I don't believe it's historically accurate, Mrs Henscher! Mrs Henscher's knuckles clench white around her script. She attempts an understanding smile, in the same way a shark might. It's not supposed to be. It's supposed to sell postcards and key chains. So let's try it again. Top of page six, Norman. Norman skips ahead on his scroll. No no, Norman, with gusto! Like this! Waving her arms theatrically, she bellows Norman's lines, milking every syllable for effect. ParaNorman 12. Now I want you to try that again, but with conviction! My reputation is at stake here, and I won't have this turn out like that wretched Kabuki debacle of oh-nine! As she launches into her lecture, Norman notices a change in the room. The lights dim, the wind outside picks up, and indistinct shapes flicker at the corners of his eyes. Norman glances around at the other kids on the stage, to see if they are seeing what he is seeing. For a split second the children are replaced with faded figures in real Puritan dress. Seven solemn figures. As he turns around nervously, Norman sees the suggestion of another place fizzing in and out of the shadows... So am I. Now, unless there's any other issues, let us resume... They put her on trial and hanged her! Neil turns excitedly to Norman. Oh, you useless bunch of... The school bell RINGS drowning out her howling voice. I curse you accusers to die a horrible and gruesome death and rise from your graves as the living dead; your souls doomed to an eternity of damnation! The Pilgrims who aren't dying and rising from the dead begin to menace Salma with their farming implements, and begin a slow ominous chant. Gosh, aren't they adorable? Norman hears a HOOTING sound from above. An owl with big glowing eyes wheels down over the audience from the beams of the gymnasium. Norman glances around, wondering why no one else seems to notice as it glides low and alights in the papier mache branches on Neil's head. It turns to Norman and HOOTS. ParaNorman 22. Norman! I think it's trees. Y'know, sometimes people say things that seem mean, but they do it because they're afraid. He's not afraid of you. He's afraid for you. Sadly, Norman climbs out of the car. Perry, you promised me a meal that someone else microwaved. ParaNorman 30. Jeez, who rattled your chains? Jackass. If I were a poltergeist I'd throw something at his head. Y'know, by rights I'm supposed to be frolicking in paradise with your grandfather, but I'm not. ParaNorman 32. I was never one for frolicking. I'll bet there's no cable or canasta up there either. Besides, I promised I'd always look out for you. She smiles, floating in a sitting position at the end of Norman's bed. She bobs gently, like a balloon. For a second, this seems to comfort Norman, but then another thought crosses his mind. In a manner of speaking... Of course. There's nothing wrong with being scared Norman, so long as you don't let it change who you are. Norman thinks this over, then smiles up at her again. She goes to rub his head affectionately, but her ghost hand just passes right through his spiky hair. She gives him a wink, and drifts away through the wall. He is still scared, but now determined too. He steels himself and grabs his jacket from his bed. So I said to her, "Girl, come back  and talk to me when your basket toss gets twelve thousand hits on YouTube!" Yeah, no, I said that. (listens and nods) Yeah, I'm stuck on lame patrol. Tonight's gonna be a total yawn. From downstairs, a door SLAMS. Courtney frowns, puts her hand over the phone and shouts out. Norman?! I'm gonna kill them. She impatiently leans down to push open the mail slot. I know you're in there! Slumber party's over, dorks! The door opens and she finds herself face to navel with Mitch, out of the shower with a towel around his waist. ParaNorman 39. (under her breath) Hell yeah. Courtney catches herself and quickly affects a LAUGH. Sorry to bug you so late, but does, erm... (checks page in hand) ...Neil live here? Oh wow! That's great! Your brother and my brother are like best friends! I'm Courtney. She tries to regain her composure as Mitch turns away. Hey there! How ya doin'... little guy... Yeah, Neil. Do you know where Norman is? He kinda disappeared. So Norman! No, it's fine. He sucks. But I really gotta make sure he doesn't die or anything tonight. Will you help me? Please? Mitch gets an eyeful of her best damsel in distress act, then SIGHS. And she said I could totally consider a career in formation swimming. But I was like, "I wanna do something that helps people less fortunate than me", thank you very much, y'know, like the poor or people who are like dying or ugly or something, `cuz I really think that ecology and world peace are like totally important today. Do you use free weights? Your deltoids are huge. Thank you for doing this Mitch. He means an awful lot to me. I love him like he was a brother. No! No! Mitch, trying to stay calm, looks in his rear-view mirror and sees a prone shape on the ground some yards back. ParaNorman 46. Is he dead or what? So he's okay? What? What did you just say? Mitch looks from the head back to the van, then at the head again. He licks his lips nervously as he thinks. That was insane! Norman, what just happened?! I just knew something like this was going to happen tonight! Why d'you have to go and get everyone involved in all your weird stuff?! Oh my gosh, I think I'm having an aneurism! This is so typical of you! Oh, I understand! I understand that this is all getting completely out of... The van's sunroof is suddenly ripped open, and the Dead Judge's arm reaches down into the vehicle, clawing inches above Courtney's head. Norman! How do we stop them?! Norman looks again at the book in his hands. Well you better think of something quick! Norman wracks his brain. So Norman, let me get this straight; you guys all go on this big supernatural adventure and you're calling me in the middle of the night because you need someone to help you do your homework? Mitch, do something! Mitch flicks on the windscreen wipers, which wipe the zombie's rotten flesh from side to side across the glass. Mitch and Courtney's eyes follow the Judge's movements from side to side. ParaNorman 52. Well, duh. People found guilty of witchcraft weren't considered people anymore. Norman, your witch was buried someplace else... in an unmarked grave! If you cared to pay attention some of the time, you would know that we covered this in fifth grade history class. Okay. It says here she was tried in the old Town Hall on Main Street. There may be a record of her execution and burial in their archives. ParaNorman 53. I really think it might help if you tried to see things from his point of view. Perry, not believing in the Afterlife is like not believing in Astrology. Calm down. Perry rolls his eyes and GROANS. Oh, I broke a nail! As Alvin climbs out, he gingerly holds up the Judge's arm, as if it were a dead animal, and dangles it limply in front of his face. Perfect. Now the geeks are in charge. The kids make toward the parking lot exit. Mama? Kill them in the head! Within seconds, the seedy-looking townsfolk have armed themselves with pool cues, mops, toilet plungers and any other household implements that can be waved threateningly, and the mob advances on the group of quivering zombies. Oh, this is awful! The zombies are, like, eating everyone! Norman points beyond the bedlam to the dark shape of the Old Town Hall in the plaza. Great! I'm super psyched! This is turning into the most fun night ever! The overhead light clicks on as Alvin steps into the room behind her and GROANS. I saw them! I saw them! The zombies are in the Town Hall! The information sweeps across the crowd like wildfire. Several faces turn to Henscher, who is pleased to have an engaged audience and hams it up shamelessly, coming on like Braveheart in curlers. ParaNorman 64. We're not going to find it in here, Norman! This is useless! I can't believe this is your plan! I'm gonna get bitten and start eating peoples' brains! I'm supposed to be Vegan! Mitch suddenly SHOUTS out from the doorway. We tried and look what happened! I'm scared, Norman, and I can't listen to this any more. Norman looks at the faces in front of him. The kids are scared and confused and angry. Even Neil has nothing encouraging to offer. Norman's brow furrows. I do too listen! And whatever it was you just said, it's not working! You think you're going to go out there and do your talking to the dead thing and this is all going to be okay? What are you going to do, ask the zombies not to eat you? Norman, you need to stop all this weird stuff and start living in the real world! C'mon! ParaNorman 67. Um, excuse me? Hello? Unmistakably living hands and arms suddenly SMASH through the barricade, clawing into the Town Hall. The kids recoil from the windows, SCREAMING as they bat ineffectually at the grasping hands. Let's burn `em out! Obligingly, a couple of townsfolk hurl Molotov cocktails at the windows. We're all gonna DIE! Oh my gosh, do you think this has got anything to do with Norman? Perry waves her hand away irritably. Perry, do something! He cups his hands around his mouth and YELLS at Norman. Necromancer! This is all his doing! Norman! Perry feels the shift in the crowd. They're not just baying for blood. They're about to start baying for his son's blood. No! Norman reacts with horror. The "witch" cowering next to him is no more than eleven years-old. Her long hair is unkempt and dirt on her face is streaked with tears from her eyes. Her manacles have been specially made to fit her tiny wrists, and weigh her to the floor. She SNIFFS, scared and confused. I was only playing! I didn't do anything wrong! A terrible panic comes over her face. Stop! Leave me alone or I'll make you sorry! I'll make all of you sorry! Norman feels unsteady on his feet, the room seeming to spin around him. The faces of the townsfolk, pale and skull-like, swirl around and around, blurring together. In the center of it all, glowing like a bonfire, Aggie Mitch, if we die tonight, this might be the last chance I get to tell you how I feel. ParaNorman 76. Norman? You've gotta be kidding me... Norman, his mouth shielded by his sleeve, heads purposefully toward the front doors. Oh my gosh! Far above, the clouds THUNDER like demonic laughter. Perry steps forward, face red. Perry, calm down! You're going to have a heart attack and then what are you going to do? He's in league with them! A few members of the crowd try to push past Perry toward the steps. Can you stop being a mob for just one minute?! Get them before they eat us! Punctuating every shout, the roiling clouds continue to RUMBLE their horrible laughter. Leave him alone! Courtney suddenly emerges, standing right in front of Norman. Following her lead in true "I'm Spartacus!" fashion, Neil, Mitch and Alvin step forward too, creating a barrier all around him, all joining hands in solidarity. CLOSE ON Courtney's face as she hisses sidelong to Alvin. Hand, Alvin! My hand! A ripple of confusion seems to run through the crowd. Everybody, listen up! You all need to stop trying to kill my brother! You're adults! Stop it! I know that this seems crazy, believe me I'm with you on that, but I think he does actually know what he's talking about! So they're not going to hurt us? Oh, Norman! Yes you do, Norman! You've got to get to that witch's grave! But nothing! You listen to me, buster, we didn't turn away when Daleridge High was slaughtering our volleyball team, did we? No we didn't. I've cheered the uncheerable, Norman, and I'm not letting you give up now! Norman turns to Perry, his eyes all business. Boy, the traffic tonight! Norman! He's on my side of the seat! I heard that! Mom! Tell the zombie to stop saying stuff about me! Maybe we should pull over and ask someone? It's not a bad idea. Oh my, do you think that's it? ParaNorman 83. Oh my goodness, look out! Perry! Do something! Perry is finding it difficult to move; a tree bears down on him, its roots snagging his thrashing limbs. Kick it in the knothole! Norman hops nimbly between two huge trunks as they SMASH together, blocking off the way ahead with gnarled wood. Sandra struggles free and shouts over the branches. Be careful! Now separated from the others, Norman turns to go ahead on his own. Ahead of him a phosphorescent glow shines off the trees, and he knows he is very close. You're not welcome here. Go away. Norman shivers as the voice RUMBLES coldly. The raging wind intensifies as Norman turns back around. Who are you? You're not dead. And you're a boy. You're not like me at all. Norman hesitates, knowing he's on dangerous ground. No you don't. You don't know anything about me. What? I don't want to go to sleep, and you can't make me! I burnt the book into dust, and now I don't have to listen to that stupid story any more! Leave me alone! Norman is terrified, but advances on the tree, the rocks under his feet churning. What? I'm not listening! LA-LA-LA-LA-LA- I don't like this story! Stop it! If Aggie weren't floating three feet above the ground, she'd be stamping her feet. Her voice blows bits of bark off the surrounding trees. No! Stop! ParaNorman 87. Shut up! I'll make you suffer! Because... because... They hurt me! I wanted everyone to see how rotten they were! No I'm not! No I'm not! Norman has almost reached the eye of the storm. The world behind him is a whirling torrent of burning white chaos. That's not true! Norman climbs up a tree root, Aggie's flames searing his skin and clothes as he gets close enough to touch her. Leave me alone! Keep away from me! Norman reaches the end of the root and jumps. His outstretched fingers shake madly as they approach Aggie's tiny hand, as though the air is fighting against him. Aggie. My name was Aggie. ParaNorman 89. I... I remember my mommy brought me here once. We sat under the tree and she told me stories. They all had happy endings. And then those horrible men came and took me away and I never saw her again! She scowls angrily at the butterfly flitting past her face. It instantly crumples up into ashes. Surprised, she GASPS and watches the blackened dust fall to the ground. There's anger in Aggie, but there is confusion, sadness and regret there too. She isn't quite so scary anymore. You don't? But what about the people who hurt you? Don't you ever want to make them suffer? Norman thinks this over, and shrugs. I just want my mommy... That story you were telling. How does it end? Is this where they buried me? Norman? Norman! Sandra runs over to him and scoops him up in her arms, hugging him tightly. That's my job. Good job, Norman. Perry takes a deep breath and looks at his son. There is relief and a hint of admiration in his eyes. You know what it's like. You join a mob and you say things. I was merely inhabiting the role. So I was thinking, maybe we could catch a movie sometime? Nothing scary. 