JUNO	m	It started with a chair.
WHISPERED VOICE	m	Do you know how long I've wanted  this?
JUNO	m	Yeah.
WHISPERED VOICE	m	Wizard.
JUNO	m	Quiet, Banana. Hey, shut your gob  for a second, okay?
JUNO	m	This is the most magnificent discarded  living room set I've ever seen.
ROLLO	m	Well, well. If it isn't MacGuff the  Crime Dog! Back for another test?
JUNO	m	I think the last one was defective.  The plus sign looked more like a  division sign.
JUNO	m	I remain unconvinced.
ROLLO	m	This is your third test today, Mama  Bear. Your eggo is preggo, no doubt  about it!
TOUGH GIRL	f	Three times? Oh girl, you are way  pregnant. It's easy to tell. Is your  nipples real brown?
TOUGH GIRL	f	Balls!
ROLLO	m	Maybe you're having twins. Maybe  your little boyfriend's got mutant  sperms and he knocked you up twice!
JUNO	m	Silencio! I just drank my weight in  Sunny D. and I have to go, pronto.
ROLLO	m	Well, you know where the lavatory  is. You pay for that pee stick when you're  done! Don't think it's yours just  because you've marked it with your  urine!
JUNO	m	Jesus, I didn't say it was.
ROLLO	m	Well, it's not. You're not a lion in  a pride! These kids, acting like lions with  their unplanned pregnancies and their  Sunny Delights.
JUNO	m	Oh, and this too.
ROLLO	m	So what's the prognosis, Fertile  Myrtle? Minus or plus?
JUNO	m	I don't know. It's not... seasoned  yet. Wait. Huh. Yeah, there's that  pink plus sign again. God, it's  unholy.
ROLLO	m	That ain't no Etch-a-Sketch. This is  one doodle that can't be undid,  homeskillet.
LEAH	f	Yo-yo-yiggity-yo.
JUNO	m	I am a suicide risk.
LEAH	f	Is this Juno?
JUNO	m	No it's Morgan Freeman. Got any bones  that need collecting?
LEAH	f	Only the one in my pants.
JUNO	m	Dude, I'm pregnant.
LEAH	f	Maybe it's just a food baby. Did you  have a big lunch?
JUNO	m	It's not a food baby. I took three  pregnancy tests today. I am definitely  up the spout.
LEAH	f	How did you even generate enough pee  for three pregnancy tests?
JUNO	m	I drank like ten tons of Sunny  Delight. Anyway, yeah. I'm pregnant.  And you're shockingly cavalier.
LEAH	f	Is this for real? Like for real, for  real?
JUNO	m	Unfortunately, yes.
LEAH	f	Oh my God! Oh shit! Phuket Thailand!
JUNO	m	That's the kind of emotion I was  looking for in the first take.
LEAH	f	Well, are you going to go to  Havenbrooke or Women Now for the  abortion? You need a note from your  parents for Havenbrooke.
JUNO	m	I know. Women Now, I guess. The  commercial says they help women now.
LEAH	f	Want me to call for you? I called  for Becky last year.
JUNO	m	Eh, I'll call them myself. But I do  need your help with something very  urgent.
LEAH	f	Heavy lifting can only help you at  this point.
JUNO	m	That is sick, man.
LEAH	f	So, you were bored? Is that how this  blessed miracle came to be?
JUNO	m	Nah, it was a premeditated act. The  sex, I mean, not getting pregnant.
LEAH	f	When did you decide you were going  to do Bleeker?
JUNO	m	Like, a year ago, in Spanish class.
LEAH	f	Aha! You love him.
JUNO	m	It's extremely complicated, and I'd  rather not talk about it in my fragile  state.
LEAH	f	So, what was it like humping Bleeker's  bony bod?
JUNO	m	It was magnificent, man!
JUNO	m	Hey Bleek.
BLEEKER	m	Hey, cool tiger. Looks proud.
JUNO	m	Yeah, I swiped it from Ms. Rancick.
BLEEKER	m	Cool.
JUNO	m	Your shorts are looking especially  gold today.
BLEEKER	m	My mom uses color-safe bleach.
JUNO	m	Go Carole. So, guess what?
BLEEKER	m	I don't know...
JUNO	m	I'm pregnant.
BLEEKER	m	I guess so. What are you going to do?
JUNO	m	When I see them all running like  that, with their things bouncing  around in their shorts, I always  picture them naked, even if I don't  want to. I have intrusive thoughts  all the time.
BLEEKER	m	I'm supposed to be running.
JUNO	m	I know.
BLEEKER	m	So, what do you think we should do?
JUNO	m	I thought I might, you know, nip it  in the bud before it gets worse.  Because I heard in health class that  pregnancy often results in an infant.
BLEEKER	m	Yeah, typically. That's what happens  when our moms and teachers get  pregnant.
JUNO	m	So that's cool with you, then?
BLEEKER	m	Yeah, wizard, I guess. I mean do  what you think is right.
JUNO	m	I'm real sorry I had sex with you. I  know it wasn't your idea.
BLEEKER	m	Whose idea was it?
JUNO	m	I'll see you at school, O.K.?
BLEEKER	m	Whose idea was it?
NERD	m	You did not! You don't have the armor.  That Orc Armor you bought from the  wizard doesn't have the power level  to parry my hit!
STEVE RENDAZO	m	Hey, your book fell apart!
JUNO	m	Yeah.
STEVE RENDAZO	m	It must have looked at your face.
JUNO	m	The funny thing is that Steve Rendazo  secretly wants me. Jocks like him  always want freaky girls. Girls with  horn-rimmed glasses and vegan footwear  and Goth makeup. Girls who play the  cello and wear Converse All-Stars  and want to be children's librarians  when they grow up. Oh yeah, jocks  eat that shit up.
JUNO	m	They just won't admit it, because  they're supposed to be into perfect  cheerleaders like Leah. Who,  incidentally, is into teachers.
LEAH	f	Me too! I love Woody Allen!
MR. TINKER	m	People! We're doing our photomagnetism  lab today, so find your partner and  break out into fours.
JUNO	m	Well! Nothing like experimenting.
BLEEKER	m	I did the prep questions for this  lab last night. You can copy my  answers if you need to.
JUNO	m	Oh, I couldn't copy your work.
BLEEKER	m	But you copy my work every week.
JUNO	m	Oh yeah. I'm kind of a deadbeat lab  partner, huh?
BLEEKER	m	I don't mind. You definitely bring  something to the table.
JUNO	m	Charisma?
BLEEKER	m	Or something.
JUNO	m	So, who's ready for some  photomagnificence?
GIRL LAB PARTNER	f	I have a menstrual migraine, and I  can't look at bright lights today.
GUY LAB PARTNER	m	Amanda, I told you to go to the  infirmary and lie down. You never  listen.
GIRL LAB PARTNER	f	No Josh, I don't take orders. Not  from you and not from any man.
GUY LAB PARTNER	m	You know, you've been acting like  this ever since I went up to see my  brother at Mankato. I told you,  nothing happened!
GIRL LAB PARTNER	f	Something happened. Because your  eyes? Are very cold? They're very  cold, Josh. They're cold, lying eyes.
GUY LAB PARTNER	m	What? My eyes are not lying!
GIRL LAB PARTNER	f	Yes they are, Josh. Since Mankato,  they have been lying eyes.
BLEEKER	m	Okay... I'm going to set up the  apparatus. Juno, want to get a C  clamp out of that drawer?
GIRL LAB PARTNER	f	I'm going to the infirmary.
GUY LAB PARTNER	m	Good. Call me when you're OFF the  rag.
GIRL LAB PARTNER	f	Fine. Call me when you learn how to  love just one person and not cheat  at your brother's college just because  you had four Smirnoff Ices and a  bottle of Snow Peak Peach flavored  Boone's!
GUY LAB PARTNER	m	Good, I'll be sure to do that, Amanda.  I'll make a note of it.
JUNO	m	Snow Peak Peach is the best flavor  of Boone's. Right, Bleek?
JUNO	m	"Para instruciones en Espanol, oprima  numero dos."
JUNO	m	Yes, hello, I need to procure a hasty  abortion?... What was that? I'm sorry,  I'm on my hamburger phone and it's  kind of awkward to talk on. It's  really more of a novelty than a  functional appliance.
JUNO	m	Better? Okay, good. Yeah, as I said,  I need an abortion, two... sixteen...  Um, it was approximately two months  and four days ago that I had the  sex. That's a guestimate. Okay, next  Saturday? Great.
JUNO	m	I hate it when adults use the term  "sexually active."
JUNO	m	What does that even mean? Can I  deactivate someday, or is this a  permanent state of being? I guess  Bleeker went live that night we did  it. I guess he hadn't done it before,  and that's why he got that look on  his face.
MAC	m	You should have seen this octopus  furnace. I had to get out my Hazmat  suit just to get up in there...
JUNO	m	My dad used to be in the Army, but  now he's just your average HVAC  specialist. He and my mom got divorced  when I was five. She lives on a Havasu  reservation in Arizona...
JUNO	m	...with her new husband and three  replacement kids. Oh, and she  inexplicably mails me a cactus every  Valentine's Day.
JUNO	m	And I'm like, "Thanks a heap, Coyote  Ugly. This cactus-gram stings even  worse than your abandonment."
JUNO	m	That's my stepmom, Bren...
JUNO	m	She's obsessed with dogs...
JUNO	m	...owns a nail salon called Bren's  Tens...
JUNO	m	...and she always smells like  methylmethacrylate.
MAC	m	So Juno, how did your maneuver go  last night?
JUNO	m	Which maneuver, sir? The one in which  I moved an entire living room set  from one lawn to another, or the one  in which I cleared a sixty-four ounce  blue slushie in ten minutes?
BREN	?	Juno? Did you happen to barf in my  urn? Mac, you know that nice urn by  the front door, the one I got up in  Stillwater? I found some weird blue  shit, I mean stuff, gunk, in there  this morning.
JUNO	m	I would never barf in your urn,  Brenda. Maybe L.B. did it.
MAC	m	Liberty Bell, if I see one more Baco  on that potato, I'm gonna kick your  monkey ass.
LONE PROTESTER	f	All babies want to get borned! All  babies want to get borned!
JUNO	m	Uh, hi Su-Chin.
SU-CHIN	?	Oh, hi Juno. How are you?
JUNO	m	Good. I'm good. Did you finish that paper for Worth's  class yet?
SU-CHIN	?	No, not yet. I tried to work on it a  little last night, but I'm having  trouble concentrating.
JUNO	m	You should try Adderall.
SU-CHIN	?	No thanks. I'm off pills.
JUNO	m	Wise move. I know this girl who had  a huge crazy freakout because she  took too many behavioral meds at  once. She took off her clothes and  jumped into the fountain at Ridgedale  Mall and she was like, "Blaaaaah!  I'm a kraken from the sea!"
SU-CHIN	?	I heard that was you.
JUNO	m	Well, it was nice seeing you.
SU-CHIN	?	Juno! Your baby probably has a beating  heart, you know. It can feel pain.  And it has fingernails.
JUNO	m	Really? Fingernails?
PUNK RECEPTIONIST	m	Welcome to Women's Choice, where  women are trusted friends. Please  put your hands where I can see them  and surrender any bombs.
JUNO	m	Hi. I'm here for the big show?
PUNK RECEPTIONIST	m	Your name, please?
JUNO	m	Juno MacGuff.
JUNO	m	She thinks I'm using a fake name.  Like Gene Simmons or Mother Teresa.
PUNK RECEPTIONIST	m	I need you to fill these out, both  sides. And don't skip the hairy  details. We need to know about every  score and every sore.
PUNK RECEPTIONIST	m	Would you like some free condoms?  They're boysenberry.
JUNO	m	No thank you. I'm off sex.
PUNK RECEPTIONIST	m	My partner uses these every time we  have intercourse. They make his balls  smell like pie.
JUNO	m	Congrats.
PUNK RECEPTIONIST	m	Excuse me, Miss MacGoof?
LEAH	f	What are you doing here, dumbass? I  thought I was supposed to pick you  up at four.
JUNO	m	I couldn't do it, Leah! It smelled  like a dentist in there. They had  these really horrible magazines,  with, like, spritz cookie recipes  and bad fiction and water stains,  like someone read them in the tub.  And the receptionist tried to give  me these weird condoms that looked  like grape suckers, and she told me  about her boyfriend's pie balls, and  Su-Chin Kuah was there, and she told  me the baby had fingernails.  Fingernails!
LEAH	f	Oh, gruesome. I wonder if the baby's  claws could scratch your vag on the  way out?
JUNO	m	I'm staying pregnant, Le.
LEAH	f	Keep your voice down dude, my mom's  around here somewhere. She doesn't  know we're sexually active.
JUNO	m	What does that even mean? Anyway, I  got to thinking on the way over. I  was thinking maybe I could give the  baby to somebody who actually likes  that kind of thing. You know, like a  woman with a bum ovary or something.  Or some nice lesbos.
LEAH	f	But then you'll get huge. Your chest  is going to milktate. And you have  to tell everyone you're pregnant.
JUNO	m	I know. Maybe they'll canonize me  for being so selfless.
LEAH	f	Maybe they'll totally shit and be  super mad at you and not let you  graduate or go to Cabo San Lucas for  spring break.
JUNO	m	Bleeker and I were going to go to  Gettysburg for spring break.
LEAH	f	Well, maybe you could look at one of  those adoption ads. I see them all  the time in the Penny Saver.
JUNO	m	There are ads? For parents?
LEAH	f	Oh yeah! "Desperately Seeking Spawn."  They're right by the ads for like,  iguanas and terriers and used fitness  equipment. It's totally legit.
JUNO	m	Come on, Leah. I can't scope out  wannabe parents in the Penny Saver!  That's tacky. That's like buying  clothes at the Pump n' Munch.
JUNO	m	The Penny Saver sucks.
LEAH	f	Yeah, but it sucks for free.
LEAH	f	Look at this one "Wholesome,  spiritually wealthy couple have found  true love with each other." "All that's missing is your bastard."
JUNO	m	There's a guy in here who's giving  away a piano. Free for the hauling!  We should put it in Bleeker's yard.
LEAH	f	You're not listening to me.
JUNO	m	No, I heard you. I just can't give  the baby to people who describe  themselves as "wholesome." I'm looking  for something a little edgier.
LEAH	f	What did you have in mind, a family  of disturbed loners who are into  gunplay and incest?
JUNO	m	I was thinking a graphic designer,  mid-thirties, and his cool Asian  wife who dresses awesome and plays  bass. But I'm trying to not be too  particular.
LEAH	f	All right, how about this one?  "Healthy, educated couple seeking  infant to join our family of five.  You will be compensated. Help us  complete the circle of love."
JUNO	m	Yeesh, they sound like a cult.  Besides, they're greedy bitches.  They already have three kids!
LEAH	f	Hey, Juno. Juno! Look at this one.
JUNO	m	They were Mark and Vanessa Loring,  and they were beautiful even in black  and white.
JUNO	m	Hey Bleeker! Spank off to this with  motion lotion. Just kidding (kind  of.) Your best friend, Juno.
BLEEKER'S MOM	f	Paul? Are you coming downstairs to  eat?
BLEEKER	m	I don't think so.
BLEEKER'S MOM	f	You ran eight miles today, Puppy.
BLEEKER	m	I'm not hungry, oddly.
BLEEKER'S MOM	f	But it's breakfast for supper. Your  favorite, Paulie. I made French toast  and sausage. Patties, not linkies,  just like you like it.
BLEEKER'S MOM	f	Juno MacGuff called while you were  out running. She wants to know if  you're coming to her little  coffeehouse performance on Saturday.
BLEEKER	m	Thanks for the message.
BLEEKER'S MOM	f	You know how I feel about her.
BLEEKER	m	You've mentioned it about fifty times.
BLEEKER'S MOM	f	I just hope you don't consider her a  close friend.
JUNO	m	I have no idea how to spit this out.
BREN	?	Hon, did you get expelled?
JUNO	m	No. The school would probably contact  you in the event of my expulsion.
BREN	?	Well, I was just asking. It seemed  plausible.
MAC	m	Do you need a large sum of money?  Legal counsel?
JUNO	m	No, no, I'm definitely not asking  for anything. Except maybe mercy.  Like, it would be really great if  nobody hit me.
MAC	m	What have you done, Junebug? Did you  hit someone with the Previa?
LEAH	f	Best to just tell them, man. Rip off  the Band-Aid and let it bleed.
JUNO	m	I'm pregnant.
BREN	?	Oh, God...
JUNO	m	But I'm going to give it up for  adoption. I already found the perfect  people.
JUNO	m	They say they're going to pay my  medical expenses and everything. I  promise this will all be resolved in  thirty-odd weeks, and we can pretend  it never happened.
MAC	m	You're pregnant?
JUNO	m	I'm so sorry, you guys. If it's any  consolation, I have heartburn that's  like, radiating down to my kneecaps  and I haven't gone number two since  Wednesday. Morning!
BREN	?	I didn't even know you were sexually  active!
MAC	m	Who is the kid?
JUNO	m	The baby? I don't know anything about  it yet. I only know it's got  fingernails, allegedly.
BREN	?	Nails? Really?
MAC	m	No, I mean the father! Who's the  father, Juno?
JUNO	m	Oh. It's, well, it's Paulie Bleeker.
JUNO	m	What?
MAC	m	Paulie Bleeker? I didn't know he had  it in him!
BREN	?	He just doesn't look, well, virile.
LEAH	f	I know, right?
MAC	m	Okay, this is no laughing matter.
JUNO	m	No, it's not. Paulie is virile, by  the way. He was very good in... chair.
MAC	m	Did you say you were thinking about  adoption?
JUNO	m	Yeah, well, there's this couple who've  been trying to have a baby for five  years.
LEAH	f	We found them in the Penny Saver by  the exotic birds section.
JUNO	m	But they have a real lawyer and  everything. I'm going to meet with  them next weekend.
BREN	?	Junebug, that is a tough, tough thing  to do. Probably tougher than you can  understand right now.
JUNO	m	Well, I'm not ready to be a mom.
MAC	m	Damn skippy, you're not! You don't  even remember to give Liberty Bell  her breathing meds.
JUNO	m	Once! And she didn't die, if you  recall!
BREN	?	Honey, had you considered, you know,  the alternative?
JUNO	m	No.
BREN	?	Well, you're a brave young lady.  You're made of stronger stuff than I  thought. You're a little Viking!
JUNO	m	Cool it.
BREN	?	First things first, we have to get  you healthy. You need prenatal  vitamins. Incidentally, they'll do  incredible things for your nails, so  that's a plus. Oh, and we need to  schedule a doctor's appointment.  Find out where you're going to  deliver.
JUNO	m	The term "deliver" is so weird. Can  we not say "deliver"?
LEAH	f	How does "crap it out" sound?
MAC	m	Juno, I want to come with you to  meet these adoption people. You're  just a kid. I don't want you to get  ripped off by a couple of babystarved  wingnuts.
JUNO	m	Sure, Dad.
MAC	m	I thought you were the kind of girl  who knew when to say when.
JUNO	m	I have no idea what kind of girl I  am.
BREN	?	Why don't you girls go upstairs for  a while? I think Mac's gonna blow.
MAC	m	Just tell it to me straight, Bren.  Do you think this is my fault? Her  mother's fault?
BREN	?	I think kids get bored and have  intercourse. And I think Junebug was  a dummy about it. But we have to  move on from here and help her figure  it out.
MAC	m	I'm not ready to be a Pop-Pop.
BREN	?	You're not going to be a Pop-Pop.  And Juno's not going to be a ma.  Somebody else is going to find a  precious blessing from Jesus in this  garbage dump of a situation. I  friggin' hope.
MAC	m	Did you see it coming when she sat  us down here?
BREN	?	Oh God yeah. But I was hoping she  was expelled or into hard drugs.
MAC	m	That was my first instinct too. Or  D.W.I. Anything but this. And I'm  going to punch that Bleeker kid in  the weiner the next time I see him.
BREN	?	Oh Mac, no! He's a sweet kid. You  know it wasn't his idea.
VANESSA	f	Hi! I'm Vanessa. You must be Juno  and Mr. MacGuff. I'm Vanessa.
JUNO	m	Vanessa, right?
MAC	m	Hello. Thank you for having me and  my irresponsible child over to your  home.
VANESSA	f	Oh no. Thank you. Come on in.
VANESSA	f	Can I take your coats?
JUNO	m	Sure.
JUNO	m	Wicked pic in the Penny Saver, by  the way. Super classy. Not like those  other people with the fake woods in  the background. Like I'm really going  to fall for that, you know?
VANESSA	f	You found us in the Penny Saver?
MARK	m	Hi. I'm Mark Loring. I'm the husband.
MARK	m	This is our attorney, Gerta Rauss.
JUNO	m	Geeeerta Rauuuss!
GERTA	f	Nice to meet you.
MAC	m	I'm Mac MacGuff, and this, of course,  is my daughter Juno.
MARK	m	Like the city in Alaska?
JUNO	m	No.
MARK	m	Cool. Well, let's sit down and get  to know each other a bit.
VANESSA	f	I'll get drinks. What would everyone  like? I've got Pellegrino, Vitamin  Water...
JUNO	m	A Maker's Mark, please. Up.
MAC	m	She's joking. Junebug has a wonderful  sense of humor, which is just one of  her many genetic gifts.
JUNO	m	I also have good teeth. No cavities.  We finally got fluoridated water in  Dancing Elk.
MAC	m	We're fine, thank you.
GERTA	f	So, Juno. First off, how far along  are you?
JUNO	m	I'm a junior.
GERTA	f	No, I mean in your pregnancy.
JUNO	m	Oh. Uh, my stepmom took me to the  doctor yesterday and they said I was  twelve weeks.
VANESSA	f	Oh, that's marvelous. So you're almost  into your second trimester, then?
JUNO	m	Yeah, apparently. I'm having it on  May 4.
VANESSA	f	The tough part's almost over for  you. I mean, my girlfriends always  tell me the first couple months are  the hardest.
JUNO	m	Yeah, but I hardly noticed it. I'm  more worried about the part where I  have to start wearing jeans with an  elastic panel in the front.
VANESSA	f	I think pregnancy is beautiful.
JUNO	m	Well, you're lucky it's not you.
MARK	m	So, let's discuss how we're gonna do  this... thing.
JUNO	m	Well, I just have the baby and give  it to you, right?
GERTA	f	Mark and Vanessa are willing to  negotiate an open adoption.
MAC	m	Wait. What does that mean?
GERTA	f	It means they'd send annual updates,  photos, let Juno know how the baby  is doing as he or she grows up. Of  course, Juno's legal rights would be  terminated...
JUNO	m	Whoah. I don't want to see pictures.  I don't need to be notified of  anything. Can't we just kick it old  school? I could just put the baby in  a basket and send it your way. You  know, like Moses in the reeds.
MARK	m	Technically, that would be kickin'  it Old Testament.
JUNO	m	Yeah. Yeah! The way people used to  do it. Quick and dirty, like ripping  off a Band-Aid.
GERTA	f	Well, then we agree a traditional  closed adoption would be best for  all involved, then?
JUNO	m	Shit, yeah. Close it up.
MARK	m	Obviously, we'll compensate you for  your medical expenses.
VANESSA	f	Are you looking for any other  compensation?
MAC	m	Excuse me?
JUNO	m	Well, no... I'm not going to sell  the baby. I just want it to grow up  with people who are ready to love it  and be parents. I'm in high school,  dude. I'm ill-equipped.
VANESSA	f	You're doing an amazing and selfless  thing for us.
MARK	m	Vanessa has wanted a baby since we  got married.
VANESSA	f	I want to be a mommy so badly!
MAC	m	You don't say.
VANESSA	f	Well, haven't you ever felt like you  were born to do something?
MAC	m	Yes. Heating and air conditioning.
VANESSA	f	Well, I was born to be a mother.  Some of us are.
JUNO	m	Mark, are you looking forward to  being a dad?
MARK	m	Sure, why not? I mean, every guy  wants to be a father. Coach soccer,  help with science projects and... I  don't know. Fatherly stuff.
VANESSA	f	Well, shall we start looking over  the paperwork? Gerta has already  drafted some preliminary documents.
JUNO	m	Can I use the facilities first? Being  pregnant makes you pee like  Seabiscuit.
VANESSA	f	Sure. The powder room down here is  being re-tiled, but you can use the  master bath upstairs. Go up, then  turn left and on your right...
JUNO	m	Room with a toilet, got it.
JUNO	m	Whoops! Yikes, I didn't expect to  see you up here.
MARK	m	Sorry. I was just getting something.
JUNO	m	Did your wife send you up here to  spy on me?
MARK	m	What? No! Do we come off like paranoid  yuppies or something?
JUNO	m	Well, you don't just invite a random  pregnant teenager into your house  and leave her unsupervised. I could  be a total klepto, for all you know.
MARK	m	I don't get a klepto vibe from you.  Evil genius? Maybe. Arsonist? Wouldn't  rule it out.
JUNO	m	I did steal a squirt of perfume.  What do you think? It's Clinique  Happy.
JUNO	m	Smell those sparkling topnotes!
MARK	m	Am I supposed to feel happy now?
JUNO	m	You should be happy, Holmes. I'm  giving you and Vanessa the gift of  life. Sweet, screaming, pooping life!  And you don't even have to be there  when the baby comes out of me all  covered in...
MARK	m	Viscera?
JUNO	m	Blood and guts.
MARK	m	We'd better get back downstairs ASAP.
JUNO	m	Wait a minute. Is that a Les Paul?
MARK	m	Oh. That's, uh, my room. Vanessa  lets me have a room for all my old  stuff.
JUNO	m	Wow, you get a whole room in your  own house? She's got you on a long  leash there, Mark.
MARK	m	Shut up.
JUNO	m	It's beautiful. I've always liked  Gibson better than Fender.
MARK	m	What do you play?
JUNO	m	I rock a Harmony.
MARK	m	Oh.
JUNO	m	What? I'm a pawn shop rocker.
MARK	m	Sorry. I swear I'm not a gear snob.
JUNO	m	What is that, Mahogany? What happens  if you crack the neck?
MARK	m	Tell me about it. I used to play in  a really tight band back when I lived  in Chicago, and one night we opened  for the Melvins... do you know who  the Melvins are?
JUNO	m	Yeah.
MARK	m	Well, we were playing with them and  I busted this guitar onstage. It  cost me $800 and a dime bag just to  have it fixed.
JUNO	m	When was this, like '96?
MARK	m	'93. I'm telling you that was the  best time for rock and roll.
JUNO	m	Nuh-uh, 1977! Punk Volume 1. You  weren't there, so you can't understand  the magic.
MARK	m	You weren't even alive!
MAC	m	So. What's that thing?
VANESSA	f	A Pilates machine?
MAC	m	What do you make with that?
VANESSA	f	You don't make anything. It's for  exercising.
MAC	m	My wife just ordered one of those  Tony Little Gazelles off the TV, you  know, from the guy with the ponytail?
MAC	m	That guy just doesn't look right to  me.
VANESSA	f	Will you excuse me?
JUNO AND MARK	m	"Yeah, they really want you... they  really want you... they really do."
JUNO AND MARK	m	Yeah, they really want you... they  really want you... and I do to.
VANESSA	f	You guys are playing music?
MARK	m	Juno just wanted a closer look at  Kimber here.
JUNO	m	Your guitar is named Kimber?
MARK	m	Yeah.
JUNO	m	That's all right. My axe is named  Roosevelt. After Franklin, not Ted.  Franklin was the hot one with the  polio.
VANESSA	f	I think Gerta is waiting for us  downstairs with some important stuff  for us to go over.
VANESSA	f	Didn't mean to interrupt the jam  sessions.
GERTA	f	So, look those over and give me a  call at my office if you have any  questions.
VANESSA	f	Juno, we'd really appreciate it if  you could keep us updated on any  doctor's appointments, ultrasounds,  other things of that nature.
JUNO	m	Oh. Sure. Of course you'd want to  know how your kid is cooking.
VANESSA	f	So, then, you really think you're  going to go ahead with this?
JUNO	m	Yeah. For sure. I like you guys.
VANESSA	f	How sure? Percentage-wise, would you  say you're 80% sure, 90% sure?
JUNO	m	I'm going to say I'm 104% sure.
VANESSA	f	Oh really?
JUNO	m	Look, if I could give it to you now,  I would. But it probably looks like  a Sea Monkey at this point, so I  think we should leave it in there  for a while until it gets cuter, you  know?
MAC	m	I think that's a great idea.
MARK	m	That's great, right? Stellar news.  Well, you guys drive safe, and we'll  hear from you soon, all right?
MAC	m	All right, take care of yourselves.
GERTA	f	All RIGHT!
VIJAY	m	Hey man.
BLEEKER	m	Oh, hey Vijay.
VIJAY	m	Did you hear Juno MacGuff is pregnant?
BLEEKER	m	Yup.
VIJAY	m	Just like our moms and teachers!
BLEEKER	m	Yup.
VIJAY	m	Did you hear it's yours?
BLEEKER	m	Yup.
VIJAY	m	What a trip, man.
BLEEKER	m	I don't really know anything about  it.
VIJAY	m	You should grow a moustache. You're  a real man now.
BLEEKER	m	I can't grow a moustache. It never  comes in evenly.
VIJAY	m	Me neither. But I'm going to stop  wearing underpants in order to raise  my sperm count. See you.
BLEEKER	m	Hey Juno... A couple of us are going  to the cineplex after school to donut  that movie with the guy with eighteen  kids.
JUNO	m	Sorry, Bleek... Going for my  ultrasound. Gotta note and everything.
BLEEKER	m	Okay, cool.
JUNO	m	I'll try to drop by later.
ULTRASOUND TECH	m	That's the feet...
ALL THREE	m	Oooh...
ULTRASOUND TECH	m	And there's a hand...
ALL THREE	m	Check that out... No way...
BREN	?	Would you look at that?
LEAH	f	Check out Baby Big-Head. That kid is  scary!
JUNO	m	Hey, I'm a sacred vessel. All you've  got in your belly is Taco Bell!
LEAH	f	Touche.
JUNO	m	It is really weird looking. It's  like it's not even real. I can't  believe there are saps who actually  cry at these things.
BREN	?	What? I'm not made of stone.
ULTRASOUND TECH	m	Well, there we have it. Would you  like to know the sex?
LEAH	f	Aw, please Junebug?
JUNO	m	No way. No, I definitely don't want  to know.
ULTRASOUND TECH	m	Planning to be surprised when you  deliver?
JUNO	m	I want Mark and Vanessa to be  surprised, and if I know, I won't be  able to keep myself from telling  them and ruining the whole thing.
ULTRASOUND TECH	m	Are Mark and Vanessa your friends at  school?
JUNO	m	No, they're the people who are  adopting the baby.
ULTRASOUND TECH	m	Oh. Well, thank goodness for that.
BREN	?	Wait, what's that supposed to mean?
ULTRASOUND TECH	m	I just see a lot of teenage mothers  come through here. It's obviously a  poisonous environment for a baby to  be raised in.
JUNO	m	How do you know I'm so poisonous?  Like, what if the adoptive parents  turn out to be evil molesters?
LEAH	f	Or stage parents!
BREN	?	They could be utterly negligent.  Maybe they'll do a far shittier job  of raising a kid than my dumbass  stepdaughter ever would. Have you  considered that?
ULTRASOUND TECH	m	No... I guess not.
BREN	?	What is your job title, exactly?
ULTRASOUND TECH	m	Excuse me?
BREN	?	I said, what-is-your-job-title, Missy?
ULTRASOUND TECH	m	I'm an ultrasound technician, ma'am.
BREN	?	Well I'm a nail technician, and I  think we both ought to stick to what  we know.
ULTRASOUND TECH	m	What are you talking about?
BREN	?	You think you're special because you  get to play Picture Pages up there?
BREN	?	My five year-old daughter could do  that, and let me tell you, she is  not the brightest bulb in the tanning  bed. So why don't you go back to  night school in Manteno and learn a  real trade!
JUNO	m	Bren, you're a dick! I love it.
MARK	m	Juno? Wow, I didn't expect to see  you here.
JUNO	m	I've got something really cool to  show you guys. Is Vanessa here?
MARK	m	No, she's working late tonight. She's  trying to accrue some extra time off  for when, you know...
JUNO	m	Right. I hear they can be kind of a  time-suck.
MARK	m	Come on in. You wanna Ginseng Cooler?
JUNO	m	Sure. What is it with you rich people  and your herb-infused juices?
MARK	m	I don't know. Something to do with  the four-packs... ...They're not bad.
JUNO	m	Why aren't you at work?
MARK	m	I mostly work from home. I'm a  composer.
JUNO	m	No shit. Like Johannes Brahms?
MARK	m	No, more commercial stuff.
JUNO	m	Like what?
MARK	m	Commercials.
JUNO	m	Oh.
MARK	m	Have you seen those ads for Titanium  Power men's deodorant?
JUNO	m	Titanium Power! Get more snatch by  the batch!
MARK	m	I wrote that.
JUNO	m	You're kind of a sellout, aren't  you? What would the Melvins say?
MARK	m	They'd say you came a long way out  here not knowing if anyone would be  home.
JUNO	m	Come on, you're going to want to sit  down for this.
JUNO	m	Park it, dude.
JUNO	m	Behold, good sir! The very first  photo of your future child.
MARK	m	You're kidding!
JUNO	m	I think it kind of looks like my  friend, Paulie.
MARK	m	Oh, is he bald and amorphous?
JUNO	m	No, he's the dad.
MARK	m	Can you tell if it's a boy or a girl?
JUNO	m	The doctor can tell, but I decided  not to know. I want it to be a big  surprise.
MARK	m	Well, it can really only go two ways.
JUNO	m	That's what you think. I drink tons  of booze so you might get one of  those scary neuter-babies that's  born without junk.
MARK	m	Junk?
JUNO	m	You know... it's parts...
MARK	m	I know what junk is.
JUNO	m	Yeah?
MARK	m	We definitely want it to have junk.
JUNO	m	Well don't worry about it. My stepmom  is forcing me to eat really healthy.  She won't even let me stand in front  of the microwave or eat red M&Ms.  Hope you're ready.
MARK	m	Wait...do you hear that?
JUNO	m	What is it?
MARK	m	It's only my favorite song. It's  Sonic Youth doing "Superstar" by the  Carpenters.
JUNO	m	I've heard the Carpenters before.  Chick drummer and freaky dude. Not  unlike the White Stripes.
MARK	m	You haven't heard the Carpenters  like this. Listen.
MARK	m	Don't you remember you told me you  loved me, baby...
JUNO	m	Hey, I like this.
MARK	m	This album is all Carpenters covers  by alt-rock bands. It's called If I  Were a Carpenter. It is God. I'll  rip a copy for you before you leave.
JUNO	m	You don't have to do that.
MARK	m	It's the least I can do. What did  you say your favorite band was?
JUNO	m	I didn't. But it's a three-way tie  between the Stooges, Patti Smith and  the Runaways.
MARK	m	Yeah, I definitely need to make you  some CDs. At least while my kid is  hanging out in there.
JUNO	m	The Wizard of Gore?
MARK	m	Oh yeah. It's Herschel Gordon Lewis.  He's the ultimate master of horror.
JUNO	m	Please. Dario Argento is the ultimate  master of horror.
MARK	m	Argento's good, but Lewis is  completely demented. We're talking  buckets of goo. Red corn syrup  everywhere. And fake brains up the  yin-yang.
JUNO	m	Frankly, this looks kind of stupid.
JUNO	m	This is even better than Suspiria.  You've got decent taste in slasher  movies, Mark.
MARK	m	Here's to dovetailing interests.
JUNO	m	So, have you and Vanessa thought of  a name for the baby yet?
MARK	m	Well, sort of. Vanessa likes Madison  for a girl.
JUNO	m	Madison? Isn't that kind of... I  don't know, gay?
MARK	m	God, pretentious much? I guess  everyone should have a mysterious  name like Juno, huh?
JUNO	m	My dad went through this phase where  he was obsessed with Greek and Roman  mythology. He named me after Zeus's  wife. I mean, Zeus had other lays,  but I'm pretty sure Juno was his  only wife. She was supposed to be  really beautiful but really mean.  Like Diana Ross.
MARK	m	That suits you.
JUNO	m	Uh, thanks.
MARK	m	You know, not many teenage girls in  your situation would actually go  through with this.
JUNO	m	I weighed my options. But after all  this, I'm glad I didn't, you know,  get rid of it. I want to have it.  For you guys.
MARK	m	You're something else.
MARK	m	Vanessa. Shit, you better get out of  here.
JUNO	m	Why? What the big deal?
MARK	m	Nothing. She just hates when I sit  around watching movies and 'not  contributing.'
JUNO	m	I'll handle this. I'm really good at  diffusing mom-type rage.
MARK	m	Wait... aww, crap!
VANESSA	f	Mark? Are you home? I want to show  you some things I picked up.
JUNO	m	Hi Vanessa!
VANESSA	f	Juno! God, you startled me. What are  you doing here? What's wrong?
JUNO	m	Nothing...
VANESSA	f	Then what's going on?
JUNO	m	I went to the doctor today.
VANESSA	f	Is the baby okay?
JUNO	m	Sure. It's the right size and  everything. I even saw its phalanges  today! Check this...
VANESSA	f	What...
JUNO	m	This is the baby. Your baby.
VANESSA	f	Oh my God...
JUNO	m	Doesn't it look like it's waving?  It's kind of like it's saying "Hi,  Vanessa. Will you be my mommy?"
VANESSA	f	Yeah. Yeah, it kind of does.
MARK	m	Juno was nice enough to bring this  by for us.
JUNO	m	I came over as soon as I got that  cold ultrasound goo off my pelvis.  My stepmom verbally abused the  ultrasound tech so we were escorted  off the premises.
VANESSA	f	Oh, that's great!
JUNO	m	See? Nothing to worry about.
JUNO	m	Hey, what kind of swag did you score?
MARK	m	Yeah. Mall madness, huh?
VANESSA	f	Oh it's just some stuff I picked up.  For, you know, the baby. Babies need  a lot of things. I want everything  to be just right.
JUNO	m	I thought people got all that stuff  at baby showers. When my stepmom had  my sister I remember she got about a  million presents. They were all lame  though, so I wasn't jealous.
MARK	m	I doubt anyone's throwing us a shower.
JUNO	m	Why?
VANESSA	f	Um, I think people are kind of unsure  about the situation because it's  not, you know, set in stone.
JUNO	m	What do you mean? You mean... Do you think I'm going to flake out  on you?
VANESSA	f	No, no, I don't think that, Juno.  It's just that, we went through a  situation before where it didn't  work out.
MARK	m	Cold feet.
JUNO	m	You should have gone to China. I  heard they give away babies like  free iPods. They shoot 'em out of  those T-shirt guns at sports events.
VANESSA	f	Right. Well, Juno, your parents must  be wondering where you are. You might  want to head home.
JUNO	m	Naah. I'm already pregnant, so they  figure nothing worse could happen to  me. I gotta bounce anyway. It was  nice seeing you guys again.
MARK	m	Hey, don't forget your bag.
BREN	?	Where the hell have you been, Junebug?
JUNO	m	I drove to St. Cloud to show Mark  and Vanessa the ultrasound. And I  wound up staying for a couple of  hours.
BREN	?	A couple of hours? Why are you going  up there in the first place?
JUNO	m	They said they wanted to know about  this stuff. They said to keep them  updated, so I did!
BREN	?	You could have sent it to them. Why  would you drive an hour out to East  Jesus, Nowhere?
JUNO	m	I don't know, I just did. And while  we were waiting for Vanessa, Mark  and I watched The Wizard of Gore and  he burned me some CDs of weird music.  He's kind of cool.
BREN	?	That was a mistake, Juno. Mark is a  married stranger. You overstepped a  boundary.
JUNO	m	Listen, Bren-duhhh, I think you're  the one overstepping boundaries.  You're acting like you're the one  who has to go through this and get  huge and push a baby out of your vag  for someone else. Besides, who cares  if he's married? I can have friends  who are married.
BREN	?	It doesn't work that way, kiddo. You  don't know squat about the dynamics  of marriage.
JUNO	m	You don't know anything about me!
BREN	?	I know enough.
JUNO	m	We don't even have a dog!
BREN	?	Yeah, because you're allergic to  their saliva. I've made a lot of  sacrifices for you, Juno. And in a  couple years you're going to move  out -- and I'm getting Weimaraners.
JUNO	m	Wow, dream big!
BREN	?	Oh, go fly a kite.
JUNO	m	Bleeker's mom was possibly attractive  once. But now she looks a hobbit.  The fat one that was in The Goonies.
BLEEKER'S MOM	f	Hi Juno. What can I do for you?
JUNO	m	I borrowed Paulie's physics notes in  school today. I'm pretty sure he  needs them back, or his grade could  plummet to an A minus.
BLEEKER'S MOM	f	Fine. Come in.
JUNO	m	Hey, don't concentrate so hard, man.  I think I smell hair burning.
BLEEKER'S MOM	f	Ten minutes.
BLEEKER	m	What's up?
JUNO	m	I just wanted to come over. You know,  say hi. I miss hanging out with you  on school nights.
BLEEKER	m	I miss it too.
JUNO	m	Orange Tic-Tacs are Bleeker's one  and only vice. When we made out, the  day I got pregnant, his mouth tasted  really tangy and delicious.
BLEEKER	m	So, it looks like you're getting  pregnant-er these days.
JUNO	m	Yeah. Um, I hooked up a whole private  adoption thing. These married people  in Saint Cloud are going to be the  parents.
BLEEKER	m	Really? What are they like?
JUNO	m	The guy is super cool! His name is  Mark and he's into old horror movies  and he plays guitar. I actually hung  out with him today.
BLEEKER	m	Is that normal?
JUNO	m	I asked my dad and Bren not to narc  us out to your folks, so we should  be safe.
BLEEKER	m	Oh. That's a relief.
JUNO	m	I'm going to really start looking  like a dork soon. Will you still  think I'm cute if I'm huge?
BLEEKER	m	I always think you're cute. I think  you're beautiful.
JUNO	m	Jesus, Bleek.
BLEEKER	m	Well, I do.
BLEEKER	m	Hey Junebug, when all this is over  we should get the band back together  again.
JUNO	m	Yeah. Sure. Once Tino gets a new  drumhead we should be good to go.
BLEEKER	m	We could get back together too.
JUNO	m	Were we together?
BLEEKER	m	Well, we were once. You know, that  time.
JUNO	m	What about Katrina De Voort? You  could go out with Katrina De Voort.
BLEEKER	m	I don't like Katrina.
JUNO	m	I totally heard you did.
BLEEKER	m	I don't. Katrina smells like soup.  Her whole house smells of soup.
VANESSA	f	What do you think? Custard or  Cheesecake?
MARK	m	They're yellow.
VANESSA	f	Well, I wanted to pick something  gender-neutral for now. Once we get  the baby, God willing, we can create  a more decisive palette.
MARK	m	Why do people think yellow is gender- neutral? I don't know one man with a  yellow bedroom.
VANESSA	f	I think I'm leaning toward Custard  in this light. I don't know. I should  paint a small area...
MARK	m	Or you could just wait a couple  months. It's not like the baby's  going to storm in here any second  and demand dessert-colored walls.
VANESSA	f	What to Expect says that readying  the baby's room is an important  process for women. It's called  "nesting."
MARK	m	Nesting, huh? Are you planning to  build the crib out of twigs and  saliva?
VANESSA	f	You should read the book. I even  flagged the "daddy chapters" for  you.
MARK	m	I just think it's too early to paint.  That's my opinion.
VANESSA	f	And I disagree.
VANESSA	f	That wall is going to need something.  Maybe we could put our first family  picture there.
MARK	m	Hm.
VANESSA	f	Can you see it?
LEAH	f	Yum. This pretzel tastes like a  friggin' donut!
JUNO	m	Share the love, Tits!
JUNO	m	She's assaulting me! She's denying  me fresh-baked goodness!
JUNO	m	Hly shht!
LEAH	f	What?
JUNO	m	That's her. That's Vanessa Loring.
LEAH	f	Of the Penny Saver Lorings?
LEAH	f	No way! She's pretty.
JUNO	m	You sound shocked or something.
LEAH	f	I just thought she'd look really old  in real life.
WOMAN #1	f	And I was like, "No offense, sweetie,  but nobody looks good in gauchos."
WOMAN #2	f	Especially not with her build.
JUNO	m	Wah-wah-waaah!
LEAH	f	She's gonna steal that kid for her  collection.
JUNO	m	Right, seriously.
LEAH	f	Bo-ring!
JUNO	m	I want a huge cookie. And like, a  lamb kebob. Simultaneously.
LEAH	f	God, Spermy. Must you always feed?
VANESSA	f	Juno?
JUNO	m	Well hi Vanessa! What brings you to  the mall today?
VANESSA	f	Just, you know, shopping with my  girlfriends.
LEAH	f	You're gay?
VANESSA	f	No...
JUNO	m	Please excuse Leah. She's mentally  challenged.
VANESSA	f	Oh, okay. So... how are you feeling?
JUNO	m	Happy? Oh, you mean like, physically.  I'm good. Look, I have a snooze button  now!
VANESSA	f	That's great.
JUNO	m	Dude, it's moshing all over.
JUNO	m	It's kicking.
VANESSA	f	Um... Juno, can I -- Can I touch it?
JUNO	m	Are you kidding? Everyone at school  is always grabbing at my belly. I'm  like a legend. They call me the  Cautionary Whale.
VANESSA	f	I can't feel anything.
VANESSA	f	It's not moving for me.
JUNO	m	Oh, you should try talking to it.  They can apparently hear speech in  there, even though it sounds all ten  thousands leagues under the sea.
VANESSA	f	Hi. Hi, baby. It's me. My name is  Vanessa. I can't wait to meet you.
VANESSA	f	Can you hear me sweet angel?
VANESSA	f	Oh my God -- It moved! I felt it!
JUNO	m	Elbow.
VANESSA	f	Wow! It's magical.
MARK	m	IF YOU'RE TIRED OF BREAKFAST
MARK	m	Hello?
JUNO	m	So, I've been spending a lot of time  listening to that weird CD you made  me.
MARK	m	Oh really? What's the verdict?
JUNO	m	I sort of like it. I mean, it's cute.
MARK	m	Cute?
JUNO	m	Well, when you're used to the raw  power of Iggy and the Stooges,  everything else sounds kind of  precious by comparison.
MARK	m	I imagine you have a collection of  punk chestnuts to prove your point.
JUNO	m	Consider it your musical education.
MARK	m	I'm dying to see what you've got to  teach me.
JUNO	m	Okay, stop surfing porn and get back  to work. Just wanted to say hi.
MARK	m	Go learn something.
LEAH	f	God, you're getting huge. How many  months has it been now?
JUNO	m	Almost eight. You wouldn't believe  how weird I look naked.
LEAH	f	I wish my funbags would get bigger.
JUNO	m	Trust me, you don't. I actually have  to wear a bra now. And I have to rub  this nasty cocoa butter stuff all  over myself or my skin could get  stretched too far and explode.
LEAH	f	Hot!
JUNO	m	God, why is everyone always staring  at me?
LEAH	f	Well, you are kind of... convex.
JUNO	m	Wow, someone's been actually doing  her geometry homework for once!
LEAH	f	I don't have a choice. Keith's been  grading me really hard lately.
JUNO	m	Please do not refer to Mr. Conyers  as "Keith," okay? My barf reflex is  already heightened these days.
LEAH	f	Keith's hot.
JUNO	m	Eww, he's all beardy!
LEAH	f	Did you hear Bleek is going to prom  with Katrina De Voort?
JUNO	m	Katrina? Pfft, no way. He doesn't  like Katrina. It must be a pity date.
LEAH	f	He asked her. I heard they were going  to Benihana, then the prom, then to  Vijay's parents' cabin.
JUNO	m	Bleeker told me Katrina's whole house  reeks of soup!
LEAH	f	Oh, it totally does. I was there for  her birthday about four years ago  and it was like Lipton Landing. But  you know, boys have endured worse  things for nookie.
JUNO	m	There's no way in hell they're having  sex or even holding hands.
LEAH	f	I wouldn't be so sure about that. He  did it with you. He's a man now.
JUNO	m	Yeah, well, Bleek trusted me. We're  best friends.
LEAH	f	Are you jealous? I thought you said  you didn't care what he did.
JUNO	m	I'm not jealous, and I don't care. I  just know he doesn't like Katrina  and I don't think he should toy with  her emotions like that. She seems so  nice and all.
LEAH	f	Okay Juno, I'm really convinced.
JUNO	m	Prom is for wenises, anyway. Once  you're old enough to go, it's not  cool anymore.
JUNO	m	Are you honestly and truly going to  prom with Katrina De Voort?
BLEEKER	m	Um, hi?
JUNO	m	Leah just told me you were going  with her.
BLEEKER	m	Yeah, I did ask her if she wanted to  go. A bunch of us from the team are  going to Benihana, then the prom,  then Vijay's parents' cabin.
BLEEKER	m	We're getting a stretch limo.
JUNO	m	Your mom must be really glad you're  not taking me.
BLEEKER	m	You're mad. Why are you mad?
JUNO	m	I'm not mad. I'm in a fucking great  mood. Despite the fact that I'm  trapped in a fat suit I can't take  off, despite the fact that everyone  is making fun of me behind my back,  despite the fact that your little  girlfriend gave me the stinkeye in  art class yesterday...
BLEEKER	m	Katrina's not my girlfriend! And I  doubt she was actually giving you  the stinkeye. She just looks like  that all the time.
JUNO	m	Whatever. Have fun at the prom with  Soupy Sales. I'm sure I can think of  something way more cool to do that  night. Like I could pumice my feet,  or go to Bren's dumb Unitarian church,  or get hit by a ten-ton truck full  of hot garbage juice. All those things  would be exponentially cooler than  going to the prom with you.
BLEEKER	m	You're being really immature.
JUNO	m	What?
JUNO	m	That's not how our thing works! I  hurl the accusations and you talk me  down, remember?
BLEEKER	m	Not this time. You don't have any  reason to be mad at me. You broke my  heart. I should be royally ticked at  you, man. I should be really cheesed  off. I shouldn't want to talk to you  anymore.
JUNO	m	Why? Because I got bored and had sex  with you one day, and then I didn't,  like, marry you?
BLEEKER	m	Like I'd marry you! You would be the  meanest wife of all time. And anyway,  I know you weren't bored that day  because there was a lot of stuff on  TV. The Blair Witch Project was on  Starz, and you were like, "Oh, I  want to watch this, but we should  make out instead. La la la."
JUNO	m	Forget it, Bleek. Take Katrina the  Douche Packer to the prom. I'm sure  you guys will have a really bitchin'  time!
BLEEKER	m	Yeah, well... I still have your  underwear.
JUNO	m	I still have your virginity!
BLEEKER	m	Oh my God, SHUT UP!
JUNO	m	What? Are you ashamed that we did  it?
BLEEKER	m	No...
JUNO	m	Well at least you don't have to walk  around with the evidence under your  sweater. I'm a planet!
BLEEKER	m	Wait, let me take that.
JUNO	m	Huh?
BLEEKER	m	You shouldn't be carrying that heavy  bag. I'll take it.
JUNO	m	Oh. It's fine. What's another ten  pounds?
MARK	m	Wow. That shirt is working hard.
JUNO	m	Is Vanessa here?
MARK	m	Nope. We're safe.
JUNO	m	Cool.
MARK	m	Come on, I have something for you.
JUNO	m	Oh, Mark! Is this the baby's room?  It's beautiful!
MARK	m	Hilarious. No, I just keep all of my  old comics down here, and I want to  show you one of them.
JUNO	m	Oh God, you're one of those guys...
MARK	m	You're gonna like this, I promise.
MARK	m	Here it is.
JUNO	m	"Most Fruitful Yuki"? What is... Oh  my god, she's a pregnant superhero!
MARK	m	Isn't that great? I got it when I  was in Japan with my band. She reminds  me of you.
JUNO	m	Wow, I actually feel like less of a  fat dork now.
MARK	m	Most Fruitful Yuki is bad ass, man.  You should be proud to be the same  condition.
JUNO	m	Okay, how about some tunes?
JUNO	m	Now this first one is kinda slow.  But it's Mott the Hoople so it's  still totally rad and hardcore.
JUNO	m	What?
MARK	m	I actually know this one.
JUNO	m	You do?
MARK	m	Yeah, this song's older than me, if  you can believe that. I danced to it  at my senior prom.
JUNO	m	That's almost interesting, Mark. Who  did you dance with?
MARK	m	Her name was Cynthia Vogel and she  was a good dance partner. Even let  me put my hands on her butt.
JUNO	m	Oh man, I can just picture you slow  dancing like a dork!
MARK	m	No, I put my hands on your waist.  Then you put your arms around my  neck. That's how we did it in '88.
JUNO	m	Oh, okay. Like this.
MARK	m	You've never been to a dance, have  you?
JUNO	m	Only squares and nerds go to dances.
MARK	m	What are you?
JUNO	m	I don't know.
MARK	m	I feel like there's something between  us.
MARK	m	I'm leaving Vanessa.
JUNO	m	What?
MARK	m	It's just not working out, but I'm  getting my own place in the city...  and I've got it all planned out.  It's something I've wanted to do for  a long time...
JUNO	m	No.
MARK	m	No?
JUNO	m	No. No, you definitely cannot do  that, Mark. That's a big, fat sack  of no!
MARK	m	What's the matter?
JUNO	m	This isn't what we agreed on. You  guys have to take care of... this!  You are the chosen custodians of the  big-ass bump!
MARK	m	But I thought you'd be cool if...
JUNO	m	I want you guys to adopt the Buglet.  I wanted everything to be perfect.  Not shitty and broken like everyone  else's family. Listen, once I have  the baby, Vanessa is going to finally  be happy, and everything will be all  right. Believe me on this one!
MARK	m	A baby is not going to fix everything.  Besides, I don't know if I'm ready  to be a father.
JUNO	m	But you're old!
MARK	m	I... How do you think of me, Juno?  Why are you here?
JUNO	m	I don't know. I just liked being  your friend. I sort of liked becoming  furniture in your weird life.
MARK	m	This... ...this is what my life has become.  Stuff in boxes. Stuff underground.  Is that so appealing to you?
JUNO	m	Yeah, I guess... Is this my fault?  Is Vanessa mad at you because of me?
MARK	m	That's not the point. We're just not  in love anymore.
JUNO	m	Yeah, but didn't you love Vanessa  when you married her? If you love  someone once, you can love them again,  I know it. My friend Leah has gone  out with the same guy, like, four  times. You're just not trying.
MARK	m	I'm such an idiot. I can't believe  what an idiot I am.
JUNO	m	Please don't get a divorce! God,  Mark, just do me a solid and stay  with your wife.
MARK	m	God, you're so young.
JUNO	m	Not really. I'm sixteen. I'm old  enough to tell when people are acting  like total a-holes!
JUNO	m	Oh and by the way, I bought another  Sonic Youth album and it's the worst  thing I've ever heard! It's just  noise, man!
VANESSA	f	Juno? What's going on?
JUNO	m	Nothing.
VANESSA	f	Mark? Why is Juno crying?
JUNO	m	I'm not crying. I'm allergic to fine  home furnishings. See you later.
VANESSA	f	Hold on.
VANESSA	f	Juno, what's the matter?
MARK	m	She's hormonal. Right, June? It's  just part of the whole process.
VANESSA	f	What did you do?
MARK	m	I didn't do anything... I just...  I've just been thinking.
VANESSA	f	What?
MARK	m	Just thinking if this is really the  right thing for us.
VANESSA	f	What are you referring to?
MARK	m	I've been just wondering if we're,  you know, ready.
VANESSA	f	Of course we're ready. We've taken  all the classes. The nursery. The  books --
MARK	m	I know we're prepared. I just don't  know if... I'm ready.
VANESSA	f	Juno, don't worry about this. He  just has cold feet. That's how boys  are. The books all say the same thing.  A woman becomes a mother when she  gets pregnant. A man becomes a father  when he sees his baby. He's going to  get there. He'll get there.
VANESSA	f	Why don't we let Juno go home and we  can discuss this later on, okay?
MARK	m	It all just happened so fast. We put  that ad in the paper. I thought it  would take months if, you know, ever  and then -- boom -- Two weeks later,  she's in our living room.
VANESSA	f	She answered our prayers.
MARK	m	Ever since, it's just been like a  ticking clock.
VANESSA	f	What are you saying?
MARK	m	It just feels a little like bad  timing.
VANESSA	f	What would be a good time for you?
MARK	m	I don't know. There's just things I  still want to do.
VANESSA	f	Like what? Be a rock star?
MARK	m	Don't mock me.
VANESSA	f	You're trying to do something that's  never going to happen. And you know  what? Your shirt is stupid. Grow up.  If I have to wait for you to become  Kurt Cobain, I'm never going to be a  mother.
MARK	m	I never said I'd be a great father.
MARK	m	I called Gerta Rauss. She says she  can represent both of us. They call  it "collaborative divorce." It's  apparently all the rage right now.  And it's easy because we don't have  children.
VANESSA	f	No, it's fine. Thanks for making the  call, I guess.
VANESSA	f	We're actually, finally doing this?
MARK	m	Looks like it, yeah.
VANESSA	f	Have you found a place to stay?
MARK	m	Yeah, downtown.
VANESSA	f	A hotel?
MARK	m	It's a loft.
VANESSA	f	Aren't you the cool guy?
VANESSA	f	I wanted a baby so bad. So bad.
MARK	m	I know you did.
MARK	m	It looks like a bill from Jiffy-Lube.
VANESSA	f	It's for me.
JUNO	m	I never realize how much I like being  home unless I've been somewhere really  different for a while.
JUNO	m	Hi Dad.
MAC	m	Hey, big puffy version of Junebug.  Where have you been?
JUNO	m	Dealing with stuff way beyond my  maturity level. Where is everyone?
MAC	m	Bren took Liberty Bell to her tot  ice skating class.
JUNO	m	Tot ice skating? Tots can't ice skate.  Liberty Bell's still getting the  hang of stairs.
MAC	m	No, but you know Bren. She dreams  big.
JUNO	m	Yeah, she does.
MAC	m	You look a little morose, honey.  What's eating you?
JUNO	m	I'm losing my faith in humanity.
MAC	m	Think you can narrow it down for me.
JUNO	m	I guess I wonder sometimes if people  ever stay together for good.
MAC	m	You mean like couples?
JUNO	m	Yeah, like people in love.
MAC	m	Are you having boy trouble? I gotta  be honest; I don't much approve of  you dating in your condition,  'cause... well, that's kind of messed  up.
JUNO	m	Dad, no!
MAC	m	Well, it's kind of skanky. Isn't  that what you girls call it? Skanky?  Skeevy?
JUNO	m	Please stop now.
MAC	m	Tore up from the floor up?
JUNO	m	Dad, it's not about that. I just  need to know that it's possible for  two people to stay happy together  forever. Or at least for a few years.
MAC	m	It's not easy, that's for sure. Now,  I may not have the best track record  in the world, but I have been with  your stepmother for ten years now,  and I'm proud to say that we're very  happy.
MAC	m	In my opinion, the best thing you  can do is to find a person who loves  you for exactly what you are. Good  mood, bad mood, ugly, pretty,  handsome, what have you, the right  person will still think that the sun  shines out your ass. That's the kind  of person that's worth sticking with.
JUNO	m	I sort of already have.
MAC	m	Well, of course. Your old D-A-D! You  know I'll always be there to love  and support you, no matter what kind  of pickle you're in.
MAC	m	Obviously.
JUNO	m	I need to go out somewhere for just  a little while. I don't have any  homework, and I swear I'll be back  by ten.
MAC	m	You were talking about me, right?
BLEEKER	m	Did you put like a hundred things of  Tic Tacs in my mailbox?
JUNO	m	Yeah. That was me.
BLEEKER	m	Why?
JUNO	m	Because they're your fave. And you  can never have too much of your  favorite one-calorie breath mint.
BLEEKER	m	Well... thanks. I think I'm pretty  much set until college on the Tic  Tac front.
JUNO	m	You know, I've been thinking. I'm  really sorry I was such a huge bitch  to you. You didn't deserve that. You  never deserve any of the poo I unload  on you.
BLEEKER	m	You know it's okay.
JUNO	m	Also, I think I'm in love with you.
BLEEKER	m	What, you mean as friends?
JUNO	m	No, for real. I think you are the  coolest person I've ever met. And  you don't even have to try.
BLEEKER	m	I try really hard, actually...
JUNO	m	No, you're naturally smart. You always  think of the funniest things to do.  Remember when you passed me that  postcard during Spanish class, and  it was addressed like, "Junebug  MacGuff, Row 4, Third Seat From the  Blackboard"? And it said, "I'm having  fun in Barcelona -- wish you were  here"? That was hilarious.
BLEEKER	m	I was just bored. I only think school  is awesome like, 80% of the time.
JUNO	m	Plus, you're the only person who  doesn't stare at my stomach all the  fucking time. You actually look at  my face. And every time I look at  you, the baby starts kicking me super  hard.
BLEEKER	m	It does?
BLEEKER	m	Wizard!
JUNO	m	I think it's because my heart starts  pounding when I see you.
BLEEKER	m	Mine too.
JUNO	m	Basically, I'm completely smitten  with you, and I don't care if I'm  making an ass out of myself right  now, because you've seen me make an  ass out of myself a million times,  and you still want to be my friend.
BLEEKER	m	Well, yeah. You're the best friend  I've ever had, even when you're being  kind of evil.
JUNO	m	That's all I need from you. That's  more than I could ever ask for. You're  just golden, dude.
BLEEKER	m	Can we make out now?
JUNO	m	Okay.
LEAH	f	You know, you can go into early labor  sucking face like that!
JUNO	m	Dad!
MAC	m	What?!
JUNO	m	Either I just pissed my pants or...
MAC	m	Or...
JUNO	m	Thundercats are go!
JUNO	m	Ow, ow, fuckity-ow. Bren, when do I  get that Spinal Tap thing?
BREN	?	It's called a spinal block, and you  can't have it yet, honey. The doctor  said you're not dilated enough.
JUNO	m	You mean I have to wait for it to  get even worse? Why can't they just  give it to me now?
BREN	?	Well, honey, doctors are sadists who  like to play God and watch lesser  people scream.
BREN	?	Shit. Hey, can we give my kid the damn  spinal tap already?
JUNO	m	It really didn't hurt that bad having  him.
JUNO	m	The best part was when I peed on  Leah during labor.
JUNO	m	And then, out of nowhere, there it  was...
JUNO	m	There he was.
JUNO	m	I decided to not call Bleeker to  tell him that I was having the baby.  He had a big meet against Manteno  and I didn't want him to get all  worried about me and choke.
VIJAY	m	His legs are as swift as his seed.
MRS. BLEEKER	f	What did you say?
ANNOUNCER	f	P. Bleeker has just broken a district  record in the 400.
JUNO	m	But he figured it out anyway.
NURSE	f	Would you like to meet your son?
VANESSA	f	I have a son?
NURSE	f	You are the adoptive mother?
VANESSA	f	I have a son.
NURSE	f	Healthy kid, too. Didn't waste any  time getting out.
VANESSA	f	How do I look?
BREN	?	Like a mom. Scared shitless.
MAC	m	Someday, you'll be back here, honey.  On your terms.
JUNO	m	Bleeker decided he didn't want to  see the baby. Neither did I, really.  He didn't feel like ours.
JUNO	m	I think he was always hers.
JUNO	m	It ended with a chair.
JUNO	m	As boyfriends go, Paulie Bleeker is  totally boss. He is the cheese to my  macaroni. I know people are supposed  to fall in love before they reproduce,  but normalcy's not really our style.
JUNO	m	Ready?
BLEEKER	m	You're a part time lover and a  fulltime friend. The monkey on your  back is the latest trend. I don't  see what anyone can see, in anyone  else but you.
JUNO	m	Here is the church and here is the  steeple. We sure are cute for two  ugly people. I don't see what anyone  can see, in anyone else but you.
BLEEKER	m	We both have shiny happy fits of  rage. You want more fans, I want  more stage. I don't see what anyone  can see, in anyone else but you.
JUNO	m	You are always trying to keep it  real. I'm in love with how you feel.  I don't see what anyone can see, in  anyone else but you.
BLEEKER	m	I kiss you on the brain in the shadow  of a train. I kiss you all starryeyed,  my body's swinging from side to side.  I don't see what anyone can see, in  anyone else but you.
JUNO	m	The pebbles forgive me, the trees  forgive me. So why can't you forgive  me? I don't see what anyone can see,  in anyone else but you.
JUNO AND BLEEKER TOGETHER	m	Du du du du du du dudu. Du du du du  du du dudu. I don't see what anyone  can see, in anyone else but you.

