SPORTSCASTER'S VOICE 	m	Allright, bowl bid ridin' here for  E.S.U. Fourth down on the Georgia  Tech 18. 4 ticks left. Kane sets 'em  down.
REPORTER #1 	m	Coach, this is the second year in a  row you've failed to go to a bowl  game. Do you feel your program's in  decline?
WINTERS	m	No, we're just a young team on the  verge. We'll be back in a major bowl  next year.
ALVIN	m	Good throw, Joe. It was there.
JOE	m	So was half their team. Shit, another Christmas at home.
ALVIN	m	Next year, man. Next year we sell  out. Next year we dominate.
REPORTER #2	m	You still need a deep threat or a  breakaway back to go with Joe Kane.  What are you gonna do to address  this need?
COACH WINTERS	m	Stop wastin' my time talkin' to you  guys for a start.
WILSON 	m	I'm not gonna lead you into the fog  here, Sam...
CHANCELLOR WILSON	m	I'm concerned about our Program.  It's always been a source of pride  to our students and alumni, but two  straight so-so seasons are having a  damaging effect on our fund-raising,  both public and private.
WINTERS	m	Then stop raising the entrance  requirements on me. We never could  have gotten Alvin Mack in here under  the new guidelines.
CHANCELLOR WILSON	m	As Chancellor, my first responsibility  is to the academic interests of this  University.
WILSON	m	At a time when we're committed to a  400 million dollar building program,  alumni donations are down 15% the  last two years. Because they've also  voiced their displeasure to their  legislators, we can expect a  corresponding drop in state funds.
HOWARD	m	The Athletic Fund is suffering too.  Season tickets sales are off,  merchandising's slow...
WINTERS	m	You layin' all this at my door?  There's been a recession on.
CHANCELLOR WILSON	m	Yes, but the heaviest drop has been  from the big donors, the 100,000  dollar club. These people are  recession proof. They sit in my box  every game, and they're much more  generous when we're ranked and going  to bowl games. Two of them, as you  know, are on the Board of Regents,  including the Chairman.
WINTERS	m	What are you trying to say to me,  Grant? After 12 years, my job's in  jeopardy?
CHANCELLOR WILSON	m	I'm not prepared to discuss your job  right now; I just want you to be  aware of the situation. The alumni  and the legislature are unhappy and  they vote with their checkbooks. I  don't pretend to be an expert on  football, Sam, and I'll deny that  this conversation ever took place,  but I do know we need to win next  year.
CLAYTON	m	Tickets are in your coat. Itinerary  and player profiles are in your  briefcase. We got a 9:00am tomorrow  in Philly with this kid Darnell  Jefferson.
WINTERS	m	Looks like I've lost weight.
CLAYTON	m	This kid's the gamebreaker we've  been lookin' for.
COACH CLAYTON 	m	Had a 108 yard kickoff return against  Taft. Michigan's been down to see  him twice.
WINTERS	m	Darnell, you have the potential to  start for us as a freshman. That 108  yard kickoff return you made against  Taft? One of the greatest runs I've  ever seen a high school player make.  Now, Michigan is set at tailback for  two years. You won't play till you're  a junior. With Joe here gettin' you  the ball, runnin' 28 Thunder right,  you'll be All-American with us as a  Sophomore.
REVEREND WALLACE	m	Yes, but I'm really more concerned  with Darnell's education. He came  here late. He's got some catching up  to do.
WINTERS	m	Believe me, education is the first  priority in our program. That's why  all the players are smarter than me.  After all, a football coach is smart  enough to understand the game, but  dumb enough to think it's important.
ALVIN'S MOTHER	f	It's real pretty, Alvin.
ALVIN	m	When I turn pro, I'll get you the  house to go with it.
LOUANNE	f	It's real nice, Dad.
WINTERS	m	I knew you'de like it, Lou. Merry  Christmas. Put some fresh flowers on  your Mom's grave for me. I'll be  home in a couple days.
FRANK	m	Have another Vitamin I, Joey. Didn't  think we'de see you here this  Christmas, little brother.
JOE	m	You won't next year.
JOE'S FATHER	m	Yeh, well we won't rent your place  on the couch.
DARNELL	m	You're from E.S.U?
GIRL'S VOICE	f	Yeh. I was just sittin' here by the  fire doin' my homework, and decided  to give you a call. See how you're  doin'.
AUTUMN	f	Coach Winters has been telling me  about you. I'm looking forward to  seeing you when you come to visit.  I'll be your guide. You are coming  to visit aren't you?
P.A. ANNOUNCER	f	Now for the starting line-up for the  E.S.U. Timber Wolves. At tailback,  number 20, Darnell Jefferson!!
DARNELL	m	You got that right.
DARNELL	m	Thanks for showin' me around, Autumn.  I don't meet too many females like  you. You got a lotta class. Real  efficacious. Maybe I'll check you  out in the fall.
AUTUMN	f	I hope so, Darnell.
AUTUMN	f	Good night.
DARNELL	m	Now you know where I'm going and  what we're indubitably going to be.
JOE	m	Hey, Darnell, Welcome to E.S.U.
DARNELL	m	Yeh, good to see you guys. What  happened to the band and the dancin'  honies?
JOE	m	Regular students don't come back for  two weeks yet. Not that they woulda  been here. Now that you've enrolled,  you're just another wormshit freshman.
JOE	m	Here's your room. If you need anything  call the hall manager.
JOE	m	See ya later. Freshman Placement  test tomorrow at nine. McKinnley  Hall.
BOBBY	m	Uh, oh, the Lead Dog is back. There  goes my cover of the media guide.
JOE	m	Hey, Bobby, Lats, how ya doin? This  is Darnell Jefferson, freshman  tailback.
DARNELL	m	How ya' doin'?
BOBBY	m	I was hopin' you'de have rolled your  bike or somethin'. Nothin' serious,  just enough to keep you out for the  season.
JOE	m	No such luck, Backup Man. But I'll  try to engineer a few blowouts. Get  you get some mop-up time. Shit, Lats, you look buffed, man.  You put on some weight?
LATTIMER	m	35 lbs. Spent the summer in the gym.  I'm tired of watchin' you guys play.  I intend to start this year.
BUD	m	You get any bigger, you can play  offense.
LATTIMER	m	Yeh, but don't I have to get dumber  too?
BUD	m	You still seein' Louanne?
BOBBY	m	Yeh. Now and then, when the tide  rises. Don't want her to think this  is some kind've exclusive deal.
JOE	m	Coach finds out you're nailin' his  daughter, you'll be playin' dorm  ball.
BOBBY	m	I'll bail before that. Besides, this  is what he gets for not startin' me.
ALVIN	m	Hey, man, you seen this?
ALVIN	m	You must be some very bad-ass  motherfucker.
JOE	m	Jesus...
LATTIMER	m	What? You didn't know?
JOE	m	I knew there was gonna be an article.  I didn't know it was gonna be on the  cover.
ALVIN	m	Shit, we do all the work. You get  all the pub. Too bad we're not allowed  to hit you in practice. Be fun to  kick the shit out of a Heisman Trophy  Candidate.
JOE	m	I guess you'll have to wait till we  get to the pros.
ALVIN	m	Beer boy, get me some.
DARNELL	m	Are you serious?
ALVIN	m	Does it look like I'm serious?
LATTIMER	m	Listen to this. "E.S.U. has a solid  nucleus returning, but the  Timberwolves, coming off two  disappointing seasons, will only go  as far as the strong right arm of  Heisman Candidate Joe Kane will take  them." That right, Joe? You gonna  lead us to the promised land?
JOE	m	I'm gonna lead... but can you follow?
BUD	m	What are we doin', Joe?
JOE	m	There's something I wanta try. Gotta  wake up our Mojo. Start settin' the  tone for the season.
BUD	m	This is not a good time to be settin'  anything. You're in no shape...
BUD	m	Joe, c'mon Joe, don't be an asshole.  Joe! God-damnit, why's he always  doin' shit like this? Coach'll fuckin'  kill me. Alvin, go get him, will ya?
ALVIN	m	Hell no, you go get his ass. Crazy  motherfucker.
BUD	m	Fuck this shit.
BUD	m	C'mon, Joe, that's enough. Let's get  the hell outa here. What if somebody  drifts or crosses the line to pass?
JOE	m	What's the matter, Bud? Can't you  follow?
BUD	m	God-damnit, god-damnit. Shit.
ALVIN	m	Startin' to look like a loaf of Wonder  bread out there.
BOBBY	m	They're makin' us look like pussies,  ya know. Standin' here suckin' our  thumbs.
LATTIMER	m	Yeh, and there's nobody from the  Defense out there.
ALVIN	m	What are you lookin' at? You think  you're bad?
LOUANNE	f	Bobby, be careful, o.k? Please, be  careful.
DARNELL	m	This guy do this kinda shit a lot?  They never mentioned this in  recruiting.
DARNELL	m	I don't know... I left a lot of 'em  blank.
JOE	m	Don't worry, you'll do all right.  Lotta people don't finish.
DARNELL	m	Yeh.
JOE	m	What are you doin' with the trophy?
DARNELL	m	Coach Winters asked me to bring it  to the meeting. I don't know what  for.
DARNELL	m	I'll see ya at the meeting. Take this for me, will ya?
DARNELL	m	Hey, Autumn, hold up! What're you  doing here? I thought students didn't  come back for two weeks.
AUTUMN	f	I came back early to see a friend.
DARNEL	m	You're looking fresh, Autumn. A  package of pulchritudiness. What  about getting together later tonight?  Maybe get a pizza? They got pizza in  this town don't they?
AUTUMN	f	I can't tonight.
DARNELL	m	How about tomorrow night?
AUTUMN	f	I don't think it's a real good idea  for us to see each other, Darnell.
DARNELL	m	What's the matter? I'm not good enough  for you all of a sudden? Too young,  is that it? I'm not, ya know. They  held me back a year.
AUTUMN	f	No, it's not that... I've got a  boyfriend.
DARNELL	m	Did you have this boyfriend when you  showed me around?
AUTUMN	f	Yes.
DARNELL	m	Yeah, well, it didn't seem to bother  you then. I'm willing to overlook it  now.
AUTUMN	f	I was mad at him.
DARNELL	m	For what?
AUTUMN	f	I caught him with another girl. A  white girl.
DARNELL	m	And you're still with this nigger?
AUTUMN	f	Look, I got to get going, Darnell.  I'm sorry. I didn't mean to lead you  on. I'm glad you came here.
DARNELL	m	Wait a minute. I can at least walk  with you, can't I? Nothin' wrong  with that.
AUTUMN	f	I'm in a hurry.
DARNELL	m	I can keep up. I run the forty in  four-four.
RAY	m	Hey, Autumn --
AUTUMN	f	Hi, Ray. This is...
DARNELL	m	Darnell Jefferson. Tailback.
RAY	m	Ray Griffen. Starting tailback.
DARNELL	m	I know. That's why they recruited  me.
RAY	m	The two guys they recruited before  you are handing out Gatorade now. Better start strengthening your wrist.
DARNELL	m	We'll see. Give my best to Miss Lilly.
RAY	m	What the hell is that supposed to  mean?
WINTERS	m	Good to see you again, gentlemen. Jefferson, either take off the earring  or put on a dress.
WINTERS	m	I wanna talk a little about what  we're trying to do here. There are  many highly respected people who  feel football is about preparation  for life.
WINTERS	m	These people are full of shit. You  see, football is not like life. It's better. More exciting, more  intense, more fun. In life, people  are always wondering how they measure  up; whether they're getting ahead or  fallin' behind. In football, you  know. Every week you get a chance to  show what you're made of, a chance  to demonstrate the physical and  personal qualities that all those  poor bastards who can't play this  game are left to agonize about.
WINTERS	m	Last year we didn't make enough of  those chances. Last year everyone  felt we let the school down. Fuck  the school. We let ourselves down. We let down a great tradition, a 120- year-old Line of Champions.
WINTERS	m	Any football program worth the name  is a special brotherhood, an elite  corps of warriors, a select group of  knights. That first time our starting  unit takes the field, the first time  we huddle up; that's our inner circle,  that's our Round Table. If I were an  upperclassman, I'd be real nervous  about my seat, cause we got some  very talented new-comers this year.  Guys who want a place at the Table. This is the trophy one of our  freshman, Darnell Jefferson, won as  a Pennsylvania State High School  First Team All-American. You know  what this says to me?
WINTERS	m	Not a god-damn thing.
WINTERS	m	Everybody here was a high school All- American. Whatever any of you have done before  is out the window. We're startin'  over. Ground zero. The Table is empty.  Are you ready?
COACH CLAYTON	m	He's too pumped up. Tryin' to win  the damn Heisman on every throw. I'm  not sure he's ready for all this  hype.
COACH HUMES	m	Little late to be worryin' about  that. If we don't follow up the Sports  Illustrated cover with something,  it'll look like we didn't believe in  our own player.
WINTERS	m	Don't worry, Joe's a tough kid. He'll  be allright.
GRIFFEN	m	Hey, nice writhing, Jefferson. You  got all the moves.
WINTERS	m	Allright, move it up. Let's go, 15  yards, run the next play.
WINTERS	m	Cut the necktie tackle horseshit.  You think you're in some kinda  highlight reel? He left you huggin'  air. Target his guts. Drive right  through his abdomen. I wanta see  snot bubbles in his nose. I wanta  see shit in his underwear.
WINTERS	m	You injured, Jefferson, or just hurt?
DARNELL	m	What do you mean?
WINTERS	m	If you're hurt, you can still play.  If you're injured you can't. Are you  hurt or are you injured?
DARNELL	m	I think I'm just hurt.
WINTERS	m	O.k., then get up.
WINTERS	m	Nice run. Think what it coulda done  for us if we still had the ball. This is a football. I want you to  carry it with you wherever you go.  Never let it out of your sight. Any of you see him on campus, take a  swipe at the ball. Try to knock it  out of his hands. Recover it. If anybody, but you, returns this  ball to me, you'll wish you'de never  been born.
WINTERS 	m	This isn't gonna get it, goddamnit.
WINTERS	m	I see tackling, but I don't see  hitting. I see effort, but I don't  see ferocity. What do you think,  they're gonna motivate themselves?  Football's just a game to most of  these kids. This is our program, our  livelihood. It's our job to make  them care as much about it as we do.  Make them hate me if you have to.  It'll bring them together, give them  a focus. So get off your butts and  put the fear of God in these guys.
CLAYTON	m	Shit, Lattimer's an animal all of a  sudden. Benchin' 450. He's gotta be  on somethin'.
HUMES	m	What, steroids? Why do you always  think my guys are juicin'?
CLAYTON	m	I don't know... he's on the punt  team for three years, then gains 35  pounds of rip in one summer and an  attitude to go with it.
WINTERS	m	We're not doctors, gentlemen. The  NCAA has testing programs for this.  Let's let them worry about it. Besides, it's not that hard to put  on 35 pounds in a summer, if you  really hit the gym.
BUD	m	What you got tonight?
CAFETERIA WORKER	m	Choice of three entrees. Shrimp,  lasagna, T-bone steak.
BUD	m	Tough choice. I'll take all three.
CAFETERIA WORKER	m	What a surprise.
DARNELL	m	When do they give ya the scores on  that Placement Test?
LATTIMER	m	Who cares? I flunked it three times,  before I got in.
ALVIN	m	Long as you're in the program, they'll  get you through. Maybe not with a  degree, but they'll keep you eligible.  Just don't do nothin' embarrassing  they can't cover you for.
LATTIMER	m	Hell, they even give Alvin copies of  his tests in advance. He sells 'em  for a hundred bucks a pop to people  in his class. 'Course he's gotta  have somebody read 'em to him.
ALVIN	m	Fuck you, doughboy. I can read. See  that shoe? That says Nike.
DARNELL	m	I still don't wanna flunk that test.  I wanta get a degree.
ALVIN	m	What do you think, nigger? You're  gonna be on the Supreme Court? All  you need to know is how to sign an  N.F.L. contract.
WINTERS	m	What's the matter with you guys?  You're supposed to be a team. Winning  depends on thinking and acting and  going to war together. But you don't  even eat like a team. You eat like  two teams. A white one and a black  one. What do I have to do? Make out  a seating chart? Now get up. Move  around. Mix it up. Now!
DARNELL	m	Hi there. Darnell Jefferson. I'm a  young black man.
JOE	m	Hey, glad to meet ya. Joe Kane,  Caucasian. So what doya think a that  new Garth Brooks album?
DARNELL	m	I love that motherfucker.
WINTERS	m	That's more like it.
JOE	m	How ya' doin'?
CAMILLE	f	Fine.
JOE	m	Little late to be workin' out, isn't  it?
CAMILLE	f	Only time I could get in here when  the football team wasn't usin' it.
JOE	m	Well, if it wasn't for the football  team, might not be a weight room to  use. You tryin' to firm up a little,  or what?
CAMILLE	f	Don't need to firm up. I'm  strengthening my knee. Had  arthroscopic surgery.
JOE	m	Had my knee scoped once too. When  you're finished here, maybe we could  get a yogurt, compare scars.
CAMILLE	f	Sorry, I don't date football players.  They're all full of themselves. I  saw you on the cover of Sports  Illustrated, so you're probably worse  than most.
JOE	m	That's real open minded of you. So  you won't consider doin' anything  with me?
CAMILLE	f	No.
JOE	m	Well at least tell me what happened  to your knee. What'd you do? Fall  outa your convertible?
CAMILLE	f	You know, there's maybe one thing  I'd do with you.
JOE	m	What's that?
CAMILLE	f	Tennis. I'll play tennis with you.
JOE	m	Tennis. You mean now? It's raining.
CAMILLE	f	Thanks for the game, Heisman. You  took it really well.
JOE	m	What's this Heisman crap?
JOE	m	I didn't say anything about being a  Heisman candidate. I don't go around  strokin' myself about it. So what's  this shit you're givin' me?
CAMILLE	f	I... I'm sorry... I just figured you  were probably kissin' yourself in  the mirror every morning.
JOE	m	You figured wrong.
CAMILLE	f	So what do you want, an apology? I  just gave you one.
JOE	m	I want a rematch.
CAMILLE	f	A rematch?
JOE	m	Some other sport. I took my beating.  You owe me one. Either that or we go  out.
CAMILLE	f	I'll think about it.
BOBBY	m	Real good date, Joe. Remind me to  take her out.
ADVISOR SMITH	m	Darnell, I've reviewed your placement  test and I'm afraid you failed to  meet our entrance requirements in  two areas.
DARNELL	m	What does that mean? I can't play  football?
ADVISOR SMITH	m	No. It means you're going to have to  take some remedial classes, what we  call "zero level" courses.  Specifically Math 0 and English 0.
ADVISOR SMITH	m	You won't get college credit for  them, but they will help you prepare  to take the Placement Test again at  the end of the quarter. If you pass  at that time you'll be able to  officially enter the university and  take college level courses. You'll  still be able to take an American  History survey course, but it won't  count on your record until you pass  the Placement Test. But first things  first. To start, I'm approving a  tutor for you.
DARNELL	m	A tutor? I don't need no tutor.
ADVISOR SMITH	m	Any tutor. And yes you do.
HOWARD	m	I think both Joe and the university  are best served by a straightforward  Heisman campaign. Nothing too  gimmicky.
BRAVER	m	We've compiled a mailing list of  around 1300 opinion makers;  newspapers, football writers, and  sports anchors. First we send them a  packet on Joe and his achievements.  Bio, stats, plus human interest stuff;  commitment to academics, charity  work, etc. Then we update it each  week with a postcard. Heisman voters  hate opening envelopes.
JOE	m	I haven't really done any charity  work...
BRAVER	m	You're gonna start. We've got some  things lined up.
NICHOLS	m	Unfortunately, because we weren't in  the top 20 last year, we only have  one network T.V. game to give Joe  national exposure. Although it's a  good one; Michigan. But we'll also  be taping all our other games and  buying satellite time. That way we  can produce our own highlight package  and interview pieces and send them  out to T.V. stations all over the  country for their sportscasts.
WINTERS	m	Any questions, Joe?
JOE	m	Ah, no... I just... you really think  I got a shot to win this?
WINTERS	m	Hell, yes. Plus it's a good thing  for the program. Publicizes the  school, gives a boost to recruiting,  and it's a great thing for you. Jumps  up your draft position, the size of  your first contract, everything.  It's a hell of an opportunity.
NICHOLS	m	All you gotta do is back it up on  the field, and we have no doubts  about that, cause we know "Kane is  Able."
CAMILLE	f	Hello...
JOE	m	This is Joe Kane. What did you decide?
CAMILLE	f	What? It's 3:00 in the morning.
JOE	m	I wanta know what you decided.
CAMILLE	f	I don't know... I couldn't think of  any other sports I could beat you  at.
JOE	m	Then I'll pick you up tonight at
CAMILLE	f	What?
DARNELL	m	Hey, Autumn.
AUTUMN	f	Hi, Darnell. What are you doin here?
DARNELL	m	My advisor says I need a tutor. Ya  know, just to get me over a couple  rough spots. I saw your name on this list. I  figured if you couldn't keep my  attention, nobody could.
AUTUMN	f	I'm sorry, Darnell, but I've already  been assigned. You're gonna have to  find somebody else. I'm tutoring  Scott Sherman.
DARNELL	m	Not anymore. I asked Coach Winters  to switch us.
AUTUMN	f	Coach Winters wouldn't do that.
DARNELL	m	Yeh he would. I'm a bigger prospect  than Sherman. He's a lineman on the scout team.
DARNELL	m	C'mon Autumn, you could teach me  some real erudition.
AUTUMN	f	Will you stop using those big words.  It sounds ridiculous.
DARNELL	m	What doya mean? I'm improvin' myself.  I learn a new word out of the  dictionary every day. Mendacious,  pejorative, antithetical,  commensurate...
AUTUMN	f	And you don't ever use them right.  Pretending to be smart is not the  same as being educated. Or erudite.  It's just a con. And it makes you  sound stupid, no matter how big a  prospect you are.
DARNELL	m	O.K... even more reason for you to  be my tutor. You already taught me  something.
CAMILLE	f	We goin' on that?
JOE	m	Yeh. I thought we might take a ride.
CAMILLE	f	I promised my dad I'd never get on  one of those.
JOE	m	What are you, one of these trust- fund princesses? It's fine for me to  play a game I don't know, but I ask  you to try somethin' different and  you hide behind your daddy.
CAMILLE	f	All right. But we go slow. No cowboy  stuff.
JOE	m	This speed, o.k.?
CAMILLE	f	Yeh, fine.
JOE	m	Good.
CAMILLE	f	Slow down, damnit. Joe... Joe!
CAMILLE	f	Joe, look out!!!
CAMILLE	f	How could you do that, you stupid  punk? It isn't funny, god-dammit,  you coulda killed us! You're crazy,  you know that...
JOE	m	Take it easy. I've done that a hundred  times. No big deal.
CAMILLE	f	Oh, yeh? Then why are you shaking?
JOE	m	I don't know... I guess cause I've  never done it with someone else on  the bike.
CAMILLE	f	You just wanted to scare me. Are you  happy now?
JOE	m	Yeh, pretty much. And the scream was  even better than I thought it'd be.  Every dog within hearing distance  wants to mate with you now.
CAMILLE	f	You come here a lot?
JOE	m	Now and then. Why?
CAMILLE	f	It's not exactly a campus favorite.  This is almost like hidin' out.
JOE	m	I like places where nobody knows me.  This too low-rent for you?
CAMILLE	f	No, my dad owned a place like this.
JOE	m	Your dad? You mean he owned a chain  of these?
CAMILLE	f	Not everybody with a Southern accent  has their own plantation. My dad  could never afford to send me here.  I learned to play tennis on public  courts. Mighta been able to play pro  someday, if I hadn't hurt my knee.
JOE	m	So you're just a scholarship jock  like me.
CAMILLE	f	Yeh. You disappointed?
JOE	m	No, I've just never been out with a  jock before.
CAMILLE	f	Is that what we're doin' here? Goin'  out?
JOE	m	I don't know. What doya think?
CAMILLE	f	I think you're crazy for jeopardizing  your scholarship and a pro future by  jumping motorcycles off of highways.
JOE	m	Just tryin' to keep my edge, Camille.  The other guys look to me cause they  think I'll do anything. I lose that,  I'm just another guy, and we all get  our ass kicked.
CAMILLE	f	I don't know, Joe. You scare me.
WINTERS	m	The keys.
WINTERS	m	I told you, as long as you're in  this program, you don't take  unnecessary risks off the field. A  man in contention for the Heisman  Trophy should be able to remember  that.
AUTUMN	f	O.K., using the things we worked on  yesterday, I want you to write a two  or three page essay on some aspect  of your life. Something other than  football.
DARNELL	m	Like what?
AUTUMN	f	Your father, maybe. You could write  about your dad.
DARNELL	m	Don't know that much about him. He  was off in Detroit workin' in a car  plant when I was born. Got laid off,  tried to rob a jewelry store to get  us some money. He died in prison.  Some kinda heart problem.
AUTUMN	f	How about your mother?
DARNELL	m	She was always workin'. Usually two  jobs. Comin' home one night she  stopped to get us some root beer.  Got caught in a gang crossfire. Shot  three times... died on the way to  the hospital. You want me to write  about that?
AUTUMN	f	No...
DARNELL	m	Good, 'cause none of it's true.
AUTUMN	f	Jesus Christ, Darnell what a terrible  thing to do to somebody. That's not  funny. That's sick.
DARNELL	m	Had ya goin', didn't I?
AUTUMN	f	No you didn't. You just... How could  you make up somethin' like that?
DARNELL	m	Sounded more interesting than the  truth. My mom took a vacation to  Chicago when I was 12. Never came  back. Don't know who my dad was.
AUTUMN	f	Who took care of you?
DARNELL	m	I started hangin' with the J.B.M.,  gang-bangin'... Did some time in the  Hall. Reverand Wallace saw me playin'  football on a juvenile probation  team. Took me in, got me into high  school. Only reason they accepted me  was 'cause I could play football.  Sorta like here. Football saved my  life. I'd be nowhere without football.
AUTUMN	f	Well, then... maybe you could write  about football this once.
DARNELL	m	Yeh, o.k... thanks. I've seen a lotta shitty things in  my life, Autumn. That's why I know  when I see somethin' good.
TUTOR	m	Let's review the chapter I read you  yesterday. Which two city states  fought in the Punic Wars?
ALVIN	m	I dunno. Detroit and Buffalo.
TUTOR	m	C'mon, Alvin. You're gonna be tested  on this.
WINTERS	m	Okay, Alvin, this is Mississippi  State's offensive set. 2nd and 2 on  our 24. What defense are you in?
ALVIN	m	Eagle. Zipper. Hero. Unless the set  back shifts into the I.
WINTERS	m	Good. How about here? 3rd and 7.
ALVIN	m	Okie. Thunder. Lion.
WINTERS	m	What's your assignment?
ALVIN	m	Kill the Quarterback. Hit the tight end so hard his  girlfriend dies. Kill everybody.
DARNELL	m	Sorry... I lost my football.
LATTIMER	m	Yes!! Starting defense. Place at the  table. Whooo!! Yes!!
WINTERS	m	N.C.A.A. is gonna test half the team  before the game Saturday. Make sure  Lattimer knows about it.
WINTERS	m	As the veteran players know, we have  Pride Night every year before our  opening game. It's a chance to get  to know each other better, share  some thoughts, and bring us closer  together as a team. So to start off,  I'd like each player to tell the  others in his group what he likes  best about football and then what  he's most proud of off the field.  I've asked some of the seniors to  lead it off. Gentlemen.
LATTIMER	m	I don't know... It's the battle. The  goin' to war with the other guys.  Hangin' together.
LATTIMER 	m	Bein' different from everybody else.  Havin' our own dorm, stayin' in hotels  the night before games. Settin'  ourselves apart.
LATTIMER 	m	Havin' a chance to be somebody. To  do somethin' that people look up to  you for. Your strength and your  courage. Not everybody can play  football. We're the lucky ones.
DARNELL	m	The thing I'm most proud of myself  for?
DARNELL 	m	Just that I'm here. That I'm not  dead or in jail.
JOE	m	The great thing about football is  you can lose yourself in it.
JOE 	m	There's no time to think, to worry,  to have doubts. Everything else fades  away. You just move and react.
ALVIN	m	The best thing is when you dominate.  That feeling when you hit a guy real  good, really stick him, and you hear  that little moan.
ALVIN 	m	You know it's killin' him, but you  feel great. It's just him and you,  and he's the one that's hurtin'.
HARVEY	m	Welcome everybody to the Wolf Den  where the E.S.U. Timberwolves, led  by Heisman candidate Joe Kane, open  their season against the tough  Mississippi State Bulldogs under  head coach Jackie Sherrill.
ALVIN	m	All right, let's get evil. 60 minutes,  balls out. Let's open a can of kick- ass. Kill 'em all. Let the paramedics  sort 'em out.
ALVIN	m	Hey, 23, don't think I don't recognize  you, you little fuck.
ALVIN	m	Hey, pay attention when I'm talkin'  to you, nigger. You're the guy that  shot my mother aren't you?
TAILBACK	?	What?
ALVIN	m	You were tryin' to steal her fuckin'  car weren't you, cocksucker.
TAILBACK	?	Shut up. I never heard of your mother.
DARNELL	m	What's Alvin saying to that guy?
JOE	m	Just gettin' himself pumped up.
DARNELL	m	He wasn't pumped up already?
ALVIN	m	Thought I'd never find you didn't  ya? But I got you now nigger, and  I'm gonna kill you motherfucker. I'm  gonna bust your guts open and watch  you die.
WINTERS	m	Atta baby, Alvin, heads up. Big pop,  Steve, way to stick 'em. O.K. Joe, let's go up top. Take it  to 'em right away.
JOE	m	O.K. let's put the women and children  to bed, and go lookin' for dinner.  Don't let em up. 51 Strike, Orange  left. On 4.
BUD LITE	m	Bali Hi, will call you, anytime, any  day. Here am I, your special island...
BLACK TACKLE	m	Shut up, snowflake. You think you're  in the school play?
BUD LITE	m	No, Bali Hi, the endzone is calling.  And the highway runs right over your  ass.
BLACK TACKLE	m	Bullshit, you're gonna be my bitch,  baby. You gonna be my punk bitch.
BUD LITE	m	So long, farewell, auf Wiedersehen,  good night, I hate to go and leave  this pretty sight.
WINTERS	m	Jefferson! In for Griffen.
HARVEY 	m	2:05 left. Kane hands to Jefferson...
REFEREE	m	Excuse me, son, but we're gonna need  that football for another couple  minutes.
WINTERS	m	Guess we'll be on the payroll for  another week.
BUD LITE	m	Good game, man. Really enjoyed it.
BLACK TACKLE	m	Yeh, you're a strong motherfucker.  Shitty singer though.
ALUMNUS	m	Good to see ya in there, Darnell.  Way to hold on to that pigskin.
DARNELL	m	Hey, some guy just gave me a 50 dollar  bill.
ALVIN	m	Don't worry, you'll get 5 or 6 hundred  once you're startin', depending on  how you play.
DARNELL	m	But we're not supposed to get any  are we?
ALVIN	m	Hey, man, you can't live on $500 a  month scholarship money. And the NC  double assholes won't let us have  jobs, so you take your money where  you can get it. I'll keep it for you, till you see  the light. Shit, they oughta be payin'  us anyway. Athletic Department gets  3 million just for goin' to a bowl  game.
REPORTER 	m	This performance today -- two  touchdown passes, another you ran  in. Where do you think this puts you  in the Heisman race?
JOE	m	I really have no idea. That's up to  you guys.
BERMAN	m	Now let's turn to our Heisman watch. We begin with Sports Illustrated  cover boy Joe Kane of E.S.U. who led  his team to an impressive victory  this afternoon. Well, if Joe continues  to raise Kane, he may well be Able  to dust off a large space on his  trophy shelf. Although the real test  will come in four weeks against  Michigan and their Heisman hopeful,  Tim Waymen.
BERMAN 	m	Michigan also won big today. Timothy,  "He Could Go All The Way Men", will  be looking to do so against the  Timberwolves. And of course the able  Kane will be looking to also. I can't  wait.
BUD LITE	m	I don't know, I never seem to make  out at things like this.
BOBBY	m	You don't make out anywhere. Or did  you finally break the snatch barrier  this summer?
BUD LITE	m	Fuck you, Bobby. Excuse me, Louanne.
ALVIN	m	Forget it, nigger. No chance for you  there.
DARNELL	m	Why not?
ALVIN	m	Griffin's goin' to medical school.  She likes that light-skinned  respectable shit. You're just her  ghetto toy.
DARNELL	m	Can I have this one?
RAY	m	I don't think so.
DARNELL	m	What are you so worried about? You  haven't lost your starting job yet.
AUTUMN	f	Just one.
AUTUMN	f	Take it easy, Darnell. This isn't a  good time to push things. You're  putting me in an awkward position.
DARNELL	m	Yeh, well, I got a little  encouragement along the way.
AUTUMN	f	That kiss... it was just... a kiss.
DARNELL	m	Bullshit. You meant it. I wouldn't  be standing here now, everybody  thinkin' I'm a stupid asshole, if I  didn't know you meant it. I wanna  see you, Autumn. Not in study hall.  Not like your student. Like somebody  to be taken seriously.
AUTUMN	f	I do take you seriously, Darnell,  but I'm still with Ray. I can't just  go paradin' around town.
DARNELL	m	I don't need to go paradin'. We'll  go someplace different. Someplace  nobody'll see us.
AUTUMN	f	God, why am I even considering this?
RAY	m	All caught up on your arithmetic?
DARNELL	m	Yeh, you only gained 37 yards on 12  carries.
JOE	m	Just what we need, a little team  unity.
RAY	m	I'm gettin' a little sick of this  asshole, Autumn. I don't like you  hangin' out with him. It's  embarrassing.
AUTUMN	f	I don't hang out with him. I tutor  him.
RAY	m	Then have him get another tutor.
AUTUMN	f	I can't do that. I made a commitment  to help him pass his qualifying exam.  I can't bail out on him now.
RAY	m	What the hell difference does it  makes? They'll grease him through no  matter what he does. Nobody's ever  gonna see his graduation. Don't tell  me you're falling for this guy. He's  just another gang-banger with speed.
AUTUMN	f	I just said I wanted to help him.  What are you more afraid of, losing  your girl or your position?
RAY	m	Maybe you oughta think about what  you're in danger of losing.
AUTUMN	f	Maybe I will.
VOICE 	m	So where you wanna go?
JOE	m	Maybe she's out with some guy.
BUD	m	Who? Camille? I don't think she's  the type to screw around on ya. Shoot  ya, maybe...
JOE	m	It wouldn't be screwing around. It's  not like we're going together.
AUTUMN	f	You're right, nobody would ever see  us here.
DARNELL	m	Yes, I figure the key is to go places  only white people go. Next time we'll  go bowling.
DARNELL	m	Plus I saw this in Rocky. I never  believed a guy who was supposed to  be an athlete would skate that bad,  but now I know.
AUTUMN	f	Thanks, that was fun, sort of.
DARNELL	m	You were pretty good for the first  time.
AUTUMN	f	Well, it's not really my first time.  My dad took me skating once.
DARNELL	m	He used to play ball for E.S.U.,  didn't he?
AUTUMN	f	Yeah, how'd you know that?
DARNELL	m	I saw his picture on the Wall of  Fame. You got his eyes. Luckily, you  didn't get his thighs.
DARNELL	m	Make sure you mean it this time.
JOE	m	What are you doin' here?
CAMILLE	f	Couldn't sleep.
JOE	m	I was just sweatin' out some of the  beer.
JOE	m	I didn't go home with her. I thought  about it... but I didn't.
CAMILLE	f	You drink too much.
JOE	m	Yeh.
CAMILLE	f	Why didn't you?
JOE	m	Why didn't I what?
CAMILLE	f	Go home with her?
JOE	m	I don't know... I guess I figured  maybe there was somethin' goin' on  between you and me.
CAMILLE	f	Then why'd you pick her up in the  first place?
JOE	m	I was drunk... I needed some company.
CAMILLE	f	Company? Yeh, I can see you havin' a  real far-ranging discussion with  Sheri.
JOE	m	I mean, ya know, physical company...  I was... I just needed to pounce on  somebody I guess.
CAMILLE	f	Why can't you pounce on me? Aren't I  good enough to pounce on?
JOE	m	Well, you're more conservative...  classier... you're not that kinda  girl...
CAMILLE	f	How do you know? You've never slept  with me.
CAMILLE	f	What makes you think she's such a  great ride? I'm prettier, my legs are longer... I've got better tits. Why would you go to her, when you  have me?
JOE	m	I didn't know I had you.
CAMILLE	f	Well you do.
CAMILLE	f	You shoulda looked for me at the  library, or don't you ever go there?
JOE	m	I go there. I got a 3.2 in Political  Science. I just don't go there on  Saturday nights.
CAMILLE	f	I have a paper due Monday. What'de  she do? Sit on your lap or just give  you the nail-me stare?
JOE	m	Shut up, Camille.
T.A.	?	What's your name?
LOUANNE	f	Bobby Collins.
T.A.	?	Can I see your I.D.?
CLAYTON	m	Coach, we, ah... got a problem with  Bobby Collins.
WINTERS	m	Yeh...
CLAYTON	m	He talked... a friend... into taking  a test for him and got caught. They  had a new T.A. in there...
WINTERS	m	What's the penalty?
CLAYTON	m	Well, the rules say automatic  expulsion for both of them.
WINTERS	m	Fortunately, we've got friends on  the Board of Regents. I think we can  beat this if we really go to bat for  him. We got Mack off when he turned  in that other guys term paper. But what kinda idiot would do  something like that?
CLAYTON	m	Well, I guess Bobby figured he was  gonna flunk...
WINTERS	m	I don't mean Bobby. I mean what kinda  guy would be dumb enough to take a  test for him?
CLAYTON	m	Uh, well... it wasn't a guy.
WINTERS	m	A girl? Typical Collins. He must  have banged her until she couldn't  think straight. Who was it?
CLAYTON	m	It was... Louanne.
WINTERS	m	Jesus, Louanne, how could you be so  stupid?
LOUANNE	f	I... he was behind, he needed help.  I'm sorry. I just...
WINTERS	m	Sorry! You're sorry! You've destroyed  my credibility at the University, my  authority with the players... Christ,  it looks like I'm running a dirty  program. And Collins of all people!  What the hell's the matter with you,  Louanne?
LOUANNE	f	I don't know... I thought he... loved  me...
WINTERS	m	Loved you? He loves anything that  winks back, the little rat bastard.  And what are you gonna do for school  now? I use my influence to get you  back in, it'll stink to high hell.  The press'll crucify me.
LOUANNE	f	I'll get in someplace.
WINTERS	m	God, Louanne, I told you to stay  away from my players. That was my  cardinal rule, stay away from the  damn players...
LOUANNE	f	They've always been good enough for  you. Good enough to devote your life  to. Why aren't they good enough for  me? Or are they too good?
WINTERS	m	You're changing the subject, Louanne.  We're talkin' about you breakin' the  rules.
LOUANNE	f	Didn't you ever break the rules just  a little? Didn't you tell me once  that 90 per cent of the schools obey  the NCAA rules, and the other 10 per  cent go to bowl games? Was that just  a joke?
AUTUMN	f	You seen this? You got a D on your  math test.
DARNELL	m	Yeh, I kinda figured that. I had  some trouble on this last part...
AUTUMN	f	We went over that last week, Darnell.  What is this time we spend in here?  Just a joke to you? I don't even  think you've been listening to me.
DARNELL	m	I've been listening to you, baby...
AUTUMN	f	Don't call me baby. I thought you  wanted to learn. But if all you wanta  do is fake your way through, then  get another tutor to waste time with.
DARNELL	m	C'mon, Autumn, we just had a good  time, and now you're gettin' all  nuts behind this. It's just one test.
AUTUMN	f	So far, it's the only test. I want  you to study this whole chapter. By  yourself, without me here. When I  come back, we'll discuss it. Be ready  to do problems based on it.
DARNELL	m	Whatever you say, Teach. I don't wish to be cast in a  pejorative light, so I'm dedicating  myself to achieving on a level more  commensurate with my abilities.
BUD LITE	m	Coach'd probably shoot ya lower.
WINTERS	m	You all played a fine game on  Saturday. Take the day off.
WINTERS	m	C'mon in, Collins.
BOBBY	m	Listen, Coach, I just want you to  know I'm really sorry about this  whole thing with Louanne. I was real  glad to hear she's gonna be goin' to  junior college here...
WINTERS	m	Shut up.
WINTERS	m	I could easily take your case to the  Board of Regents. You've had no prior  infractions and I could argue that  you were under abnormal pressure. But I won't. You embarrassed me, you  embarrassed my family, you embarrassed  the program. As of now, you are no  longer a member of this university  or it's football team. Clean out  your locker.
SWANN	m	We ready, Jerry? O.K., let's mark  it.
SWANN	m	Joe, this game is being billed as a  potential "Heisman Shootout". Did  you feel any added pressure this  week...
SWANN 	m	...knowing that you're going head to  head with Heisman rival, Tim Waymen?
JOE	m	Well, ya know, you try to block it  out, but it's basically impossible...  Everybody seems to be talkin' about  it, all the newspapers, the  interviews...
JOE 	m	The hype on T.V., tryin' to get  somethin' goin...
BRAVER	m	Hold it! Hold it!
SWANN	m	What?! What's the problem?
BRAVER	m	What you're saying is true, of course,  but I don't think it's the message  you want to send.
BRAVER 	m	It makes you seem a little nervous.  Like the pressure might be getting  to you.
BRAVER	m	This game is nationally televised,  so most Heisman voters will be  watching. I think a more casual  approach is better. Modest,  controlled, casual.
SWANN	m	We all set now? Let's mark it. Joe, this game is being billed as a  potential "Heisman Shootout."
SWANN 	m	Did you feel any added pressure this  week, knowing that you're going head  to head with Heisman rival, Tim  Waymen?
JOE	m	No, I don't really think too much  about that kinda thing.
CAMILLE	f	Your parents comin' to the game  tomorrow?
JOE	m	My mom's dead. My dad has never seen  me play.
CAMILLE	f	Why not?
JOE	m	Guess he's not that interested in  football.
CAMILLE	f	But you're one of the best players  in the country.
JOE	m	He's just not into it, o.k.?
CAMILLE	f	O.k. What's goin' on, Joe? You ask me out  here, like you wanta talk about  somethin', then you don't say  anything. You worried about tomorrow?
JOE	m	No... I'm worried about the days  after that. I just. I don't know...  I feel like tomorrow's gonna be my  last game. I want to stay up, make  the time go slow.
CAMILLE	f	Why would it be your last game? You  afraid of getting hurt?
JOE	m	No, that'd be a relief. Then, at  least, I wouldn't be a failure.
CAMILLE	f	Joe, why are you thinking like this?  Why would you be a failure? You're  having a great year, you're a Heisman  Trophy candidate, you got millions  of dollars waiting for you in the  pros.
JOE	m	How do you know what's waiting for  me? You don't know me at all.
CAMILLE	f	I don't know you? How can you say  that?
JOE	m	Because you wouldn't be here now if  you did. You only know the guy that's  supposed to make millions in the  pros.
CAMILLE	f	Is that what you think? That I'm  with you for the money?
JOE	m	Why else?
CAMILLE	f	Fuck you, Joe. I don't give a shit about your money.  I don't even give a shit about  football. And you know what? Maybe  you're right, maybe I don't know  you.
CAMILLE	f	Joe! Joe! My god, Joe, what are you  doing? No! No!
CAMILLE	f	God Joe, oh god, are you allright?
JOE	m	Yeh, just got some dirt in my teeth.  Guess you've really seen the dark  side now, huh? You should've gotten  out while you had the chance. Before  it all goes to hell.
CAMILLE	f	I don't wanta get out, damnit. What's  wrong Joe? Why would it all go to  hell?
JOE	m	I'm a Kane, Camille. That's all it  takes. We're cut out to be drunks  and fuck-ups. We never live up to  expectations. It's in our blood. My  dad, brothers, uncles -- we all drink  and sooner or later we all fuck up.  My dad went the longest. Waited till  he was playin' triple A ball, before  he hit the wall. Sometimes I feel  like I'm just waiting for my turn.  The better I do, the closer it gets.
CAMILLE	f	You're not like them, you can beat  all that. You can stop drinking, you  can break the chain.
JOE	m	If I gave up that, I wouldn't be  much of a football player. And if I  wasn't a football player, what would  I be?
CAMILLE	f	You'de still be Joe. And I'd still  love you.
JOE	m	Just don't say I never warned you.
ZABRISKIE	m	4:29 to go and it's been a great  one. Two undefeated teams goin' after  each other. Michigan up by four, 24- 20, but the lead has changed hands  three times, and you get the feeling  that whoever has the ball last is  gonna win it.
SCHEMBECKLER 	?	Well, it was billed as a Heisman  shootout, and it's been all of that.  Both Waymen and Kane moving their  teams up and down the field, having  big days.
ZABRISKIE 	m	Kane back to pass, can't find anybody,  gonna run it himself, ten, five, hit  at the goal-line... Touchdown E.S.U.!!  Great run by Kane!
SCHEMBECKLER 	?	He's still down. Looks like he's  hurt.
DOCTOR	m	How many fingers am I holding up?
JOE	m	Four.
ALVIN	m	Hey, powderpuff. You're the white  boy that ratted my brother out. Sent  him to jail, cocksucker. Ran off  with the fuckin' money. Left the  blood to do the time, huh?
ALVIN	m	Yeh, you're the little bastard.  Account of you, my bros' datin' his  cell mate. You hear me, powderpuff?  Gonna make you pay. You gonna be my  cellmate now. You gonna have 250  lbs. of pissed-off nigger up your  ass.
ZABRISKIE 	m	E.S.U. in an eight-man line looking  for the run on third and short.
ZABRISKIE 	m	Waymen fakes to Simms, Mack on the  blitz, Waymen is goin for it all!  Hit as he throws.
ZABRISKIE 	m	Hunt has got a step. He's got it!  Touchdown!
SCHEMBECKLER 	?	Great clutch throw under pressure.  Can't do it much better than that.
DOCTOR	m	You're vision's back to normal.
WINTERS	m	You think you can go?
JOE	m	Yeh, I'm fine. Just a little headache. O.K. Offense, let's get it back.
ALVIN	m	Damn tough to scare that little white  boy. Either his momma dropped him on  his head, or the motherfucker is  deaf.
WINTERS	m	Jefferson, in for Griffen.
ZABRISKIE 	m	Ball on the Michigan 47, 1:02 to go,  Kane brings 'em to the line of  scrimmage.
ZABRISKIE 	m	Great run by Jefferson, the highly- touted Freshman, the longest of the  day for the Wolves. And this one is  turning out to be everything we  thought it would be.
JOE	m	O.K., time to put the women and  children to bed, and go looking for  dinner.
JOE	m	82 Strike, Eagle, Crown, on 2.
ZABRISKIE 	m	Kane looking for Jefferson. It's...  Intercepted! Intercepted by Freeman!  And that should do it.
ZABRISKIE	m	Well, it was everything we expected  it to be. Fine performances on both  sides of the field.
ZABRISKIE 	m	The edge in the much ballyhooed battle  of the quarterbacks would probably  have to go to Michigan's Tim Waymen  who threw for 2 touchdowns, and ran  for another. Joe Kane accounted for  three E.S.U. touchdowns, but had  that crucial interception in the  waning moments. And that proved to  be the difference.
DARNELL	m	Hey, Autumn.
AUTUMN	f	Hi, Darnell.
DARNELL	m	Is this your dad?
AUTUMN	f	Yes...
DARNELL	m	How do you do, Mr. Haley. I'm Darnell  Jefferson.
MR. HALEY	m	Jefferson? Nice run you made on that  screen pass. Another block and you  might have scored.
DARNELL	m	Thank you. We'll get 'em next year.
MR. HALEY	m	How do you and Autumn know each other?  You a friend of Ray's?
AUTUMN	f	Ah, I tutor him...
MR. HALEY	m	Oh really? In what?
DARNELL	m	Math and English.
MR. HALEY	m	Ah.
MR. HALEY	m	Well, stay on top of that, Darnell.  I'd have been in real trouble if I  hadn't gotten my degree. I played  ball once. Hurt my knee.
DARNELL	m	Yeh, I know...
MR. HALEY	m	I used to put a copy of my report  card inside the webbing of my helmet  to remind me that college was more  important than football.
DARNELL	m	Good idea. Well, I gotta get goin'.  Nice to meet you Mr. Haley.
MR. HALEY	m	Nice to meet you, Darnell.
DARNELL	m	See you around, Autumn.
RAY	m	Hey, Mr. Haley. Good to see you.
MR. HALEY	m	Hey, Ray. You still havin' dinner  with us tonight?
BUD LITE	m	Anybody seen Joe?
ALVIN	m	Not yet. Probably out with Camille.  Haven't seen Darnell either.
LESLIE	f	I think we better get back downstairs.
LATTIMER	m	No, Leslie, we're just getting to  know each other.
LESLIE	f	No, I think...
LATTIMER	m	C'mon Leslie, you didn't come up  here to stop now.
LATTIMER	m	What were you doin'? Leadin' me on?
LATTIMER	m	Get outa here!
BUD	m	This is it, man. No more 'roids.  This shit has gotta stop.
WINTERS	m	Hello, yeh... What?!
CLAYTON	m	It looks like this will blow over.  The girl's father is a big booster,  contributed a lotta money. So he  said they won't go to the press.
WINTERS	m	He said that? The father?
CLAYTON	m	Yeh, he's not exactly happy about  all this, but he doesn't wanta hurt  the program.
WINTERS	m	We're still gonna have to suspend  Lattimer.
HUMES	m	What for? There aren't any charges.  Nobody outside the program knows  about this.
WINTERS	m	He's outa control, Lyle. We can't  ignore this anymore. I don't know  what pisses me off more -- that he's  juicin' or that he's doin' such a  shitty job of hidin' it.
HUMES	m	He's never tested positive. If we  suspend him without proof, he could  sue us for jeopardizing his draft  status, his pro career.
WINTERS	m	Yeh, but we can't sit and wait till  he kills somebody. I hate to lose  him as much as you do, but we gotta  clean him up before he does somethin'  that lands the whole program on  probation. Plus, we have to take  some action or the girl's dad is  gonna start havin' second thoughts.  I don't care how many checks he's  written.
CLAYTON	m	So what do we do?
WINTERS	m	Bring him down here.
LATTIMER	m	Three games? Why so many?
WINTERS	m	You oughta be grateful I didn't  suspend you for the whole year.
LATTIMER	m	What are you gonna give as the reason?
WINTERS	m	We'll say you've got a hamstring  pull.
LATTIMER	m	Thank you, Coach.
WINTERS	m	Don't thank me. During those three  weeks, you better kick the roids,  cause when you come back I'm gonna  personally test you before every  game. No N.C.A.A. shit either. I'm  gonna watch the piss go into the  bottle. You got that?
LATTIMER	m	Yes, sir.
WINTERS	m	Start practicing your limp.
JOE	m	Coupla real college heroes, huh?  Tearin' up the town.
DARNELL	m	First time I ever lost a girl and a  game on the same day. Guess I never  really had the girl.
BOYFRIEND	m	You know that guy?
DEBBI	f	Not really...
BOYFRIEND	m	Then why you smilin' at him?
DEBBI	f	I don't know... he looks like that  E.S.U. quarterback guy. Joe, what's  his name?
BOYFRIEND	m	So what? So you go and smile at him?
BOYFRIEND	m	You been lookin' at my girlfriend?
JOE	m	I don't know. Which one is she?
BOYFRIEND	m	Wise guy, huh? Mr. bigtime  quarterback. The one who choked his  ass off today. You got nothin' better  to do then look at my girlfriend?
BOYFRIEND	m	Hey, Heisman, I'm talkin' to you.  You too good to talk to me?
JOE	m	I'm not even interested in talkin'  to you.
BOYFRIEND	m	You think you're a bad ass? You think  my girl's hot for you? Take your  pads off, you're just another pussy.
DARNELL	m	C'mon we gotta get outa here.
JOE	m	Oh shit...
WINTERS	m	What is it now?... Oh Jesus...
JOE	m	The guy went for me first. What was  I supposed to do?
WINTERS	m	Doesn't make any difference. It made  the papers, all the wire services.  The guy had to go to the hospital.  Worst of all they got you on drunk  driving. You had a blood alcohol  level .50 above the legal limit. We  can't smooth that over, Joe. It'd  look like we were sprayin' Pledge on  bird shit. We had to agree to send  you to Rehab.
JOE	m	Rehab? I'll be a god-damn joke. You  can't do this to me.
WINTERS	m	It was the only way we could get  them to drop the assault and D.W.I.  You go to trial on those, we lose  you for a year, and risk NCAA  investigation. C'mon, lotsa athletes  have been through Rehab.
JOE	m	Not in the middle of the season. Not  in the middle of a Heisman campaign.
WINTERS	m	You'll only miss four games. You'll  be back in time for the last one,  Georgia Tech, and a Bowl if we get  there. Plus, you've still got your  senior year.
JOE	m	Yeh, but what will I come back as?  What kinda player?
WINTERS	m	Don't worry, you'll still be the  Man. You'll still be the leader of  this team.
JOE	m	I'm sorry, Coach.
WINTERS	m	These things happen.
WINTERS	m	Fuckin' kids.
AUTUMN	f	Darnell, wait. C'mon Darnell, I wanta  talk to you.
AUTUMN	f	Where you been, I been callin' you?
DARNELL	m	Been busy.
AUTUMN	f	Darnell, I'm sorry about Saturday.  It was an awkward situation.
DARNELL	m	It wasn't awkward. It was educational.  I realized how you see me. I'm good  enough to tutor, to go places with,  but not to tell your father about.
AUTUMN	f	That's not it. It's just that my  father expects me to be with somebody  like Ray. He wouldn't understand us.
DARNELL	m	Why not?
AUTUMN	f	I don't know... he likes Ray cause...
DARNELL	m	He's a good student, he acts right...  he doesn't need football. He's class  and I'm not, right?
AUTUMN	f	I didn't say that.
DARNELL	m	You don't have to, Autumn. I'm  everything your dad used to be and  don't want you fallin' back into.
AUTUMN	f	Darnell...
DARNELL	m	You were right before, Autumn. I  should have another tutor. Thanks  for everything you did for me.
ALVIN 	m	Four fuckin' weeks?
ALVIN	m	Shit, the defense is gonna have to  pitch shutouts now... and you're gone for 3. What the hell  did you take that shit for?
LATTIMER	m	Nobody seemed to mind when I was  knockin' people's dicks in the dirt.
ALVIN	m	I bust chops too. I don't have to  get all fucked up.
LATTIMER	m	Not everybody has the ability you  do, Alvin. You do what you have to  do to play.
ALVIN	m	Well, you're not playin' much now  are you? Shit, whole fuckin' season  down the drain.
HOWARD	m	I been talkin' to Chancellor Wilson...
WINTERS	m	What's he wanta do now, cut practice  down to once a week?
HOWARD	m	No, he's happy with the way the  season's gone so far. The Alumni  have pretty much stayed off his back,  but with Joe out now, it could all  be up for grabs again.
WINTERS	m	He thinks he's gonna have trouble  marchin' the ball down the old fund- raisin' board, huh?
HOWARD	m	The facts are, all we have left are  freshman quarterbacks, and nothin' I  saw at practice today, convinced me  that any of them are ready to step  in.
WINTERS	m	What are you sayin?
HOWARD	m	We gotta get Bobby Collins back.
WINTERS	m	Wilson say that?
HOWARD	m	He didn't have to.
WINTERS	m	Forget it, Galen, Collins is no All- Star either.
HOWARD	m	Yeh, but he's good enough to get us  a split of the next four games.
WINTERS	m	Look, just because you're Wilson's  boy all of a sudden, doesn't mean  I'm gonna let him make me look like  a fuckin' whore.
HOWARD	m	Don't give me that high and mighty  shit. There's a lotta people on the  bubble here. Four straight loses and  we're out of bowl contention. How's  that gonna make you look? If you're  too stupid to consider your own  situation, then maybe you oughta  think about your assistant coaches.  They've got families to feed too.
FOWLER	m	Therefore, I respectfully submit  that Bobby Collins should not be  given special treatment just because  he's a football player. Would a  regular student get a reinstatement  hearing if they'de been caught  cheating? Nobody's talking about  letting the girl who took the test  back in.
LEARNIHAN	?	I think it's also instructive to  look at some of the courses this  young man has taken. Beginning Golf,  Voice and Speech Improvement...
SHANE	m	I'd like to point out that Mr. Collins  was still on schedule to get his  degree.
LEARNIHAN	?	In what, Swimming Pool Management?
CHAIRMAN	m	Would you like to respond, Coach  Winters?
WINTERS	m	I don't know much about all this  other stuff, but I do know the  punishment should fit the crime.  Cheating's bad, but I don't think it  deserves a life sentence. Here's one  of those athletes who takes college  level courses, who wants to graduate.  I think Bobby Collins made a big  mistake, but he's already been  suspended for several weeks. He's  served his time. I think he deserves  a second chance.
LEARNIHAN	?	Like Alvin Mack? We gave him a second  chance and since he's had 5  incompletes, 4 withdrawals and still  reads at a fourth grade level. You're  using his body to make money for the  Athletic Department -- you, yourself,  are making three times what the  Chancellor is -- but obviously no  one is making an effort to see that  this kid gets an education.
WINTERS	m	He's helpin' to pay for your physics  lab too. If you're willin' to go  without a new office, maybe I could  hold him out a few games. Save his  body.
CHAIRMAN	m	Gentlemen...
SHANE	m	Alvin was way behind in school when  he got here. You can't make up for,  in four years, what it took 18 to  create.
LEARNIHAN	?	Then he should never have been  admitted in the first place. It's  not fair to other students who worked  hard to get here.
HOWARD	m	Is it fair to exclude kids who come  from inferior schools? You hold  everybody to the same standards,  you're discriminating against the  poor kids.
WINTERS	m	Most of my players are farm boys,  inner-city kids. Football is their  deliverance.
LEARNIHAN	?	Deliverance from what? A valid  education?
WINTERS	m	You throw Bobby Collins and Alvin  out, you take away their futures. In  Alvin's case you probably cost him a  couple million dollars in the pros.
LEARNIHAN	?	But this is not a football vocational  school. It's an Institute of Higher  Learning.
WINTERS	m	Yeh, but when was the last time 80,000  people showed up to watch a kid do a  chemistry experiment?
CHAIRMAN	m	Gentlemen, please, let's get back to  the business at hand, Bobby Collins.  As you know, I played football here.  And I remember how hard it was to  practice and then study when you're  dead tired. So I have some sympathy  for this young man. But I never  cheated, so the real question is his  character. Since you know him better  than anyone else in this room; and  having talked to him and observed  him over the last several weeks, do  you feel he's learned his lesson? In  other words, can you vouch for his  character?
WINTERS	m	Yes, sir, I can.
LEARNIHAN	?	Another case like this, I'll take it  all the way up to the Governor.
WINTERS	m	Don't mess with me, Learnihan. I'll  have you teachin' Study Hall.
CAMILLE	f	Hello, my name is Camille Schaeffer.  I'd like to speak to Joe Kane.
NURSE	f	You've got a phone call. A Camille  Schaeffer.
NURSE	f	She says she's your girlfriend
JOE	m	I don't want to talk to her.
NURSE	f	You sure?
JOE	m	Yeh.
NURSE 	f	I'm sorry, he doesn't wish to speak  to you right now.
BUD	m	Hey, Louanne, how ya' doin?
LOUANNE	f	Fine, Bud, ya know. Goin to J.C.,  hopin' to get back in here next year.  Just came by to give Bobby some  laundry I did for him.
BUD	m	You two seein' each other again?
LOUANNE	f	Yeh, he was even talking about us  gettin' a place off campus together,  until he got reinstated. I don't  know how I woulda told my dad.
BUD	m	Ah, Louanne... I wouldn't go in there right now.
LOUANNE	f	Why not?
LOUANNE	f	Ah. Guess I'm pretty stupid when it  comes to men. I never learn, do I?
BUD	m	I think maybe men are just stupid  when it comes to you. If you ever  feel like, ya know, just talkin'  sometime, gettin' a beer -- let me  know. My schedule's pretty open.
LOUANNE	f	Thanks, Bud Give him these, will ya?
WINTERS	m	Get up. I wanta talk to you.
WINTERS	m	Don't sit up. Stand up. If you can.
WINTERS	m	What's the matter, Joe? You won't  shake hands with me. You don't want me to see your hand,  do you? So I guess what I heard was true,  huh? You been poundin' the walls  with your passin' hand, right? I tell you what, Joe, you want to  hit somethin', hit me.
WINTERS	m	I said hit me. I'm the one who put  you in here. Don't hit the damn wall.  It ain't the wall's fault. Hit me!  Go on, hit me right now!
WINTERS	m	Who else you wanta hit, huh? you're  daddy maybe? Cause he's a no-show  prick? Well, I'm a daddy, too, and  not a very good one at that. So just  hit me instead! I'll take your daddy's  beatin' for him. Go on, you want to.  Hit me, damnit!
WINTERS	m	Hit me! I'm not gonna leave you alone  until you hit me. The guys'll thank you. They've always  wanted to do it. So do it now, damnit!  Do it!
WINTERS	m	O.K., Joe, it's o.k. I guess I need  it more than you do. You gotta quit beatin' up on yourself.  Let me see that hand.
WINTERS	m	It's o.k. You can still throw with it, you  fuckin' mook. Look, the nurses say this is the  toughest time for you right now. I  thought I'd stick around a little,  case you wanta play some cards, pick  a fight with the wall again,  whatever...
JOE	m	You don't have to.
WINTERS	m	Yes I do.
PATIENT	m	Hey, Joe, don't you wanta watch the  game? It's on cable.
JOE	m	No thanks.
PERRY	m	E.S.U. on the strength of a 62 yard  touchdown run by freshman Darnell  Jefferson, squeaked by the North  Carolina Tarheels today, 14 to 13,  keeping their bowl hopes alive.
HARVEY 	m	E.S.U. hoping to get past a tough  Iowa Hawkeyes team in their last  game before the return of star  quarterback, Joe Kane.
ALVIN	m	I know you, motherfucker. You're the  prick who got my little sister  pregnant. We ain't seen you around  lately. Where you been, huh? Answer  me, motherfucker, or I'm gonna peel  your cap.
WINTERS	m	Shit, Lattimer...
WINTERS	m	Oh, no...
HARVEY 	m	Oh, boy, this does not look good,  Harmon. They're bringing the  stretchers out...
ALVIN	m	Oh, shit, oh shit, I'll kill that  motherfucker. I'll... Oh shit...
HARVEY 	m	Twelve seconds left, Iowa driving  for the winning touchdown. Fourth  and goal at the one. E.S.U. trying  to hold on without their star middle  linebacker, Alvin Mack.
REPORTER 	m	Coach, you've lost two of your last  four.
REPORTER	m	Why do your teams seem to nose dive  at the end of the last couple seasons?
COACH WINTERS	m	This was a tough loss, but this ain't  any nose dive. We've had some key  players out, but if we win next week,  we'll still win the conference and  go to a major bowl on New Year's  Day. I mean, I know you guys can't  write, but I thought you could at  least count.
WINTERS	m	You look good, Alvin.
ALVIN	m	Yeh, I feel o.k.
WINTERS	m	Any of the guys been down yet?
ALVIN	m	They called.
WINTERS	m	Hell, you know how football players  are about hospitals and injuries.
ALVIN	m	Yeh.
ALVIN	m	I'm never gonna play again, am I?
WINTERS	m	Doctors aren't always right, Alvin...  but I just want you to know... you're  the best defensive football player I  ever coached.
WINTERS 	m	Congratulations. I'm proud of you,  Joe.
WINTERS	m	I know you had a difficult time.  Michigan is easy, right? Bourbon is  tough.
JOE	m	Scotch.
WINTERS	m	I got somethin' for ya. Coupla round  trip tickets. Go see your dad. Get  it cleaned up.
LATTIMER	m	I'm gonna have to take a test with  the coach right there. You sure you  got somethin' better than blockers?
DEALER 	m	Much better. This guy is foolproof.  See ya Saturday.
WINTERS	m	I wanta do something different for  this game. Try to maximize our speed,  but keep you both in the lineup at  the same time. Ray, I'm moving you  to fullback. Darnell, you're startin'  at tail.
WINTERS	m	Ray, you'll be carrying the ball  less and blocking more, but they'll  still have to respect your running  and pass-catching ability. Not  everybody can make a transition like  this. You think you can handle it?
RAY	m	Yes, sir.
WINTERS	m	Good. We can't afford any hang dogs.
JOE	m	Hello, Camille.
CAMILLE	f	Hello, Joe. You allright now?
JOE	m	Yeh... yeh, I think so.
CAMILLE	f	Good, I'm happy for you.
JOE	m	Camille, hold on, O.K.? I'm sorry  that I didn't want... that I couldn't  see you.
CAMILLE	f	You couldn't even talk to me. What  happened to "there's somethin' goin'  on between you and me"?
JOE	m	C'mon, Camille, I was embarrassed. I  couldn't...
JOE	m	I couldn't understand why anybody  would wanta talk to me. Camille!
JOE	m	How ya doin', Dad?
DAD	m	Joe! What's this? They throw you  out?
JOE	m	No.
JOE'S DAD	m	I heard about your little set-to.  They had it on the news here.
JOE	m	Yeh, they sent me to rehab.
JOE'S DAD	m	We know what that's worth. Your  brother's been through it three times.
JOE'S DAD	m	So what are you doin' here?
JOE	m	I've been thinking about some things,  Dad.
JOE'S DAD	m	That's what that damn rehab'll do.  Make you think about a lotta things  you can't do nothing' about.
JOE	m	I kinda been wonderin' why you never  came to any of my games. All those  years.
JOE'S DAD	m	Oh, I don't know. I guess I didn't  wanta make you nervous. You mighta  tried too hard and screwed up.
JOE	m	Or I mighta done real well. Which  woulda been harder on you, Dad?
JOE'S DAD	m	What do you mean?
JOE	m	Mighta made you feel bad. Like maybe  it wasn't written someplace that we  all gotta go on our ass. Like maybe  you coulda done somethin' more, if  you'de tried a little harder.
JOE'S DAD	m	Or maybe I didn't wanta see you  gettin' all excited, all pumped up  with pride, when I knew one day it  would all come crashin' down. Just  like it did.
JOE	m	I think I spent the last couple years  hopin' I'd die before that day. But  you know what Dad? That day came and  I'm still here. And I got one more  game this year. I don't know how  well I'll play or even how much, but  I want you there.
JOE'S DAD	m	How would you feel introducing your  drunk dad to all your friends? You  think about that?
JOE	m	I could live with it, if you could. Here's a ticket. Section 2, Row 6.  Fifty yard line. If you don't come,  I'll never ask you again.
JOE'S DAD	m	O.K., Joey. And good luck.
DARNELL	m	Hey, Autumn. How's Ray?
AUTUMN	f	Don't know. Haven't seen him since  the night I saw you. He'd been goin'  out.
DARNELL	m	Monica Lambert.
AUTUMN	f	You knew? Why didn't you tell me?
DARNELL	m	Didn't wanta win you over that way.
AUTUMN	f	I just wondered how your studying  was comin'. You ready for tomorrow?
DARNELL	m	The test? I hope so. I been workin'  pretty hard.
AUTUMN	f	Good... I talked to my dad last night.
DARNELL	m	Oh, yeah? How's he doin?
AUTUMN	f	Fine. We talked about you.
DARNELL	m	What did you say?
AUTUMN	f	I told him I'd gone out with you...  I told him I wished I could still go  bowling.
CLAYTON	m	He's rusty. I doubt if we can start  him.
WINTERS	m	He's worse than that. He's outa shape. All right, that's enough for today.  Practice is cancelled. Everybody off  the field, but Kane. C'mon what the hell are you standin'  around lookin' at? Get outa here.
WINTERS	m	Didn't do much while you were in  there, did ya?
JOE	m	Well, we didn't exactly have a team...
WINTERS	m	You could've worked out on your own.
JOE	m	I had some other things to worry  about...
WINTERS	m	Well, we're gonna make up for lost  time. We'll start by hoppin' the  steps.
JOE	m	Hoppin' the steps?! What, you're  gonna punish me now.
WINTERS	m	Don't talk back to me, Joe. I'll  kick your ass. I went easy on you,  'cause you had to get through detox,  but that's out to sea now. You let  this team down; you let this program  down. Start those steps. Right leg.
WINTERS	m	Now the left.
WINTERS	m	70 guys. 70 guys who busted their  butts all year. Because of you they  might not win the conference. Because  of you they might not go to a bowl.
JOE	m	I didn't wanna leave... I just screwed  up...
WINTERS	m	You dogged on them.
JOE	m	No, no I never dogged. I worked my  ass off. I played hard...
WINTERS	m	Then you shoulda stayed in shape.  Keep runnin', dammit.
JOE	m	I always played hard. I gave my  everything for you. When you came to  the Center, I thought you were really  worried about me. But you don't give  a shit. We're all just a buncha sled  dogs. If you had another guy who  could throw, you'da left me in the  fuckin' hospital. The only thing that matters is the  program, the god-damn program.
WINTERS	m	Nobody forced you to play football,  Joe. Not me, not the program, nobody.  But when you sign on, you commit  yourself to pay the price, to do  whatever it takes. Well, you haven't  paid the price yet. You still owe  this team. You owe this team big- time. Get a shower.
LATTIMER	m	What's this doin?
DEALER	m	Takin' doped urine outa your bladder  and puttin clean back in. Call it an  oil change.
WINTERS	m	Gotta get it done today, boys. Gotta  ring that bell. 60 minutes. 60 minutes  of mean. No prisoners. No mercy.  Nothin' but snot bubbles. Gotta ring  that bell, gotta ring that  Championship bell.
LATTIMER	m	Ding Motherfucking Dong!!
HARVEY 	m	Wolves movin' left to right on your  radio dial. Looking to generate some  offense. They've been up and down  the last few weeks.
COLLINS	m	28 Thunder right. On go.
HARVEY 	m	So the Wolves defense has held after  the fumble, and the Yellow Jackets  will opt for the field goal. Around  a 34 yarder. Ball is down, it's away,  it's long enough. And good! Georgia  Tech jumps out on top 3-0.
HARVEY 	m	Collins back to pass, rushed, now  fires out in the flat. It's picked  off by Hill. Down the sideline. He's  gonna go in untouched. Touchdown,  Georgia Tech.
LATTIMER	m	C'mon guys, we're only down ten.  Let's get our fuckin' shit together.
DARNELL	m	You missed that block on purpose,  didn't you, asshole.
RAY	m	You're full of shit. You fumble, you  try to blame me.
DARNELL	m	It's Autumn isn't it? That's what  this is all about.
RAY	m	The hell with Autumn. You just can't  take a hit.
WINTERS	m	Don't tell me who started it. I don't  care. All I care about is this  football team. We win together. We  lose together. So whatever your  problem is, get over it. I don't  want any more of this shit.  Understand?
DARNELL AND RAY	m	Yes, sir.
WINTERS	m	As for the rest of you guys. Here's  what I think of the way you played.
WINTERS	m	They're laughin' at you over there.  Makin' plans for the evening. They  never dreamed it'd be this easy. You  guys are nothin' but bugs splattered  on their windshield. You better stock  up on potato chips, 'cause you're  gonna be watching a lotta T.V. on  New Years Day.
WINTERS	m	Get warm, Joe. You're startin' the  second half.
WINTERS	m	By the way... don't let me see you  miss anymore blocks.
CLAYTON	m	Joe's too tentative, too cautious  out there. He seems flat. Maybe we  oughta give Collins another shot.
WINTERS	m	Joe just needs to get the feel back.  He'll be allright.
CLAYTON	m	Sam, we can't afford to wait...
WINTERS	m	I said he'll be allright.
HARVEY 	m	5:51 to go. Georgia Tech up 10 to  nothing. The Wolves are gonna have  to find some offense in a hurry here.  Their defense has been keepin' them  in it.
WINTERS	m	Joe, I know that Rehab was good for  you. Got rid of a lotta bad habits.  But what about the rest of you? What  happened to the Joe Kane that used  to take command of this team, the  Joe Kane these guys i'd run through  a bulldozer for? They put him out  with the trash? What are you waitin'  for, somebody to feel sorry for you  cause you've had some problems? Nobody  in this stadium gives a shit. It's  time to step up, Joe. Time to sit at  the head of the Table.
JOE	m	All right, we've held these guys up  long enough. Give me time back here,  and I'll rip 'em apart. 16 shift,  green, bolt. First sound.
HARVEY 	m	Nice bit of scrambling by Kane to  get it to the four, but it's gonna  bring up fourth and goal. No doubt  about it, with 3:45 they've gotta go  for it here, if they're gonna get  back in this game.
RAY	m	Give it to me up the gut, Coach.  They've been ignoring me. I know I  can score.
WINTERS	m	No, we're gonna go with the sweep.
JOE	m	28 Thunder right. On 2.
DARNELL	m	Shit!
DARNELL	m	Monster block, man. Monster  motherfuckin' block.
ALVIN	m	All right, defense. Let's get evil.  Kill 'em all, let the paramedics  sort 'em out.
HARVEY 	m	1:11 and counting. Third and one.  The Wolves have got to stop them on  this play if they're gonna get the  ball back. A first down here and  it's all she wrote. E.S.U. is out of  timeouts.
WINTERS	m	Time for 2 plays. If it's not open  in the end zone, take the sideline.  As the offense runs onto the field,  Winters checks the scoreboard. 17  seconds left. Georgia Tech 10. E.S.U.
HARVEY 	m	Ball on the Yellow Jacket 35. 17  seconds left. Kane barking signals.
HARVEY 	m	Field goal here ties it, but a tie  may not get the Wolves into a bowl.  Tough decision for Winters.
WINTERS	m	You want me to send in the kicking  team or you think you can handle it?
JOE	m	Give me the ball.
WINTERS	m	O.K., let's do 24 inside slot, left  blue lightning.
JOE	m	O.K., 24 inside slot, left blue  lightning. Let's put the women and  children to bed, and go lookin' for  fuckin' dinner. On 2.
JOE	m	This one's for you, Dad.
CHAIRMAN	m	Looks like the Timberwolves are back.  Probably brought the library with  them.
CHANCELLOR	m	Hope so. Give my sincere congratulations to  Coach Winters.
HOWARD	m	He'll be delighted.
FAT CAT ALUMNUS	f	15,10, touchdown!
AUTUMN	f	Daddy, you remember Darnell.
MR. HALEY	m	Yes, I do. Great catch, Darnell.
DARNELL	m	Thank you, sir. I got somethin' for  you.
DARNELL	m	My entrance exam. Got a 92. Coach  Winters said you got an 87. He looked  it up.
MR. HALEY	m	I'll kill him.
WINTERS	m	Hell of a throw, Joe. Good to see  you back.
WINTERS	m	And don't worry about the Heisman.  We'll gear up for it next year.
LOUANNE	f	You still feel like gettin' a beer?
LOUANNE	f	He's not a football player any more.  He's graduating this year.
WINTERS	m	He's still got a bowl game.
WINTERS	m	So make sure he doesn't violate  curfew.
HARVEY 	m	An amazing conclusion to a great  season. We can see Steve Lattimer  down on the bench weeping tears of  joy as E.S.U. goes back to a bowl  for the first time in three years.
CAMILLE	f	What are you doin' here?
JOE	m	Waitin' for you. I figured you'de  have to come through here on your  way to dinner.
CAMILLE	f	Shouldn't you be out celebrating?  You played real well.
JOE	m	I need your help with somethin'. I  know I'm not your favorite guy right  now, but it's all startin' again.  The expectations, the pressure, the  talk about the Heisman next year. I  was wonderin' if you'de like to go  somewhere, maybe share a six-pack  with me?
JOE	m	I miss you, Camille. I don't like  bein' without you.
CAMILLE	f	I'll think about it.
HUMES	m	Tickets are in your coat. Itinerary  and player profiles in the briefcase.  We got a 9:00am tomorrow in Baltimore  with the kid from Park. Then we're  on to...

