How I make my living, what's your point? No... Cause tonight the girls are here in a more or less professional capacity. All of them work for me, and you don't... Let's go. But see tonight wives and girlfriends aren't invited. Oh, yeah? Who are you?So Max, what do you do with all your money? Am I? I'll make it worth your while. I shouldn't do this. But I got a client lookin' to score some fire power. Maybe you'll keep your eyes open for me. I'll give you seventy-five bucks for it. Which means I gotta fence it for two. Who's got that kinda scrilla lying around, these being the worst of the times. What're you looking for? Same old story. Not interested. Must think you're pretty special laying this on you. Where'd you clip this?Move it. No. Leave. Now. You know each other? Some of us are trying to sleep. You didn't... What's with you? Every week this scumbag puts the squeeze on us and every week you roll out the welcome wagon like he's family. What a creep. Yech... Thanks, it's starting to kick in. I feel almost human.Hello... What else can we do? If I give myself up in exchange for Sophy, would you make sure she's okay? Can you help me get her back? I couldn't get to her. It all happened so fast. Logan had her, and I saw him fall...then Peter told me to run. And then he...and I remember so clearly, thinking it's me they want. If I run, maybe they'll come after me. Maybe they won't think about her... So I ran... They took my daughter. Oh my God! In here! IN HERE! There's nothing to be afraid of. Everything's going to be alright. Soon, baby. Don't worry, I'm coming to get you. Sophy? Are you okay? Pretty much the same reasons I was crying. But things will be better when we move to a new place. What makes you cry? No... Because we can't. There's nothing here for us anymore. I know, Honey, but just think how exiting it will be-- new house, new school, new friends-- Goodnight Bears. Goodnight chairs. Goodnight kittens. Goodnight mittens. Goodnight clocks. And goodnight socks. Goodnight little house. And goodnight--I understand. Okay, okay. Help... Lemme go... No, don't let me go... Help... Let go of my hand. Not before we get something straight you prissy little bitch. I decide when I'm done with your boyfriend. Not him, and certainly not you. Unless maybe you want to find out just how sharp these nails really are. You're also a fool. How sweet. Standing by your man, even after what he did. You're a very understanding person. Oh? I thought it was important for you to know the facts. He been sleeping in a T-shirt lately? That's so you won't see the fingernail marks on his back. Bet you didn't know your boyfriend finds a little pain exciting. He didn't either...at first. With me, where he's been after work, three, sometimes four nights a week for the last two months... We have what you might call an intimate relationship. My name's Lydia. And it seems you and I have a lot in common. To set the record straight about where he was the other night when he said he was working late. A friend of your fiance's.And when the fog lifted, there's Darren with his head under Justine's skirt. She was there... 'Cause you went out the back door and nailed her girlfriend? Who would take offense to that? You mean until you showed up? I say hang the bastard out to dry, let her see him for the heel he is, then maybe she'll step to the all-girl team and let mama-licious ease her pain. Only one I can think of. So are dogs. Please... Friends don't help other friends cheat. Unlikely. You're actually gonna bail Sketchy out. Where? More like a mystery... Which isn't bad. It's just kinduv...mysterious... And back at ya. Only there's a part of you that's... I don't know-- Long enough for you to pretty much read me like a book, right? How long you and me known each other? You know what I'm saying. Hell yeah. There's not the slightest grain of truth in anything that idiot was saying. You are a totally down-ass female and a straight-up friend who happens to be a little... He was just trying to blame you 'cause he's a slut. You're not seriously buying into Darren's nonsense. What? You're way more philosophical than I could ever be. Craps all over everything and everyone and then wants mommy to forgive him. Shame, wastin' a girl like that on a guy, but what're you gonna do? Now, why can't I find a girlfriend like that? Brings him lunch everyday, thoughtful, sweet, legs from here to there-- No, but I broke a nail giving him a cranium crack and that just sort of wrecks your day, know what I'm saying? Caught some son-of-a-bitch stealing my bike. Used a car jack to blow out my U lock and bent a bunch of spokes. So now I gotta get my wheels fixed.You get it when I get her. She's got my word. Make the call. And she bought that? So, how do you get the woman to come to me? Pull the cash. Who are you? I actually know how this works. Quite a mouth on a girl so young... ...but my guess is talking is not what it does best. Not right now? Okay, when? I'll bet you can. Sit.Mommy, I'm scared. When? Mommy, where are you? Then I'm gonna do what you do to make me feel better when I'm sad. If I'm sad, or tired, or sometimes when I'm angry or when somebody's being mean to me. Then how come last night I heard you talking to Logan and you were crying? Are we in some kind of trouble? But why can't we stay here? I don't want to move away.