In the meantime Harry can slaughter us a hog. Is this your house? An empty wagon makes a lot of noise and you, tappy head, you ain't worth the salt you put in greens. I was quoting from the Bible. If the shoe fits, wear it. You know the saying, "your heart is in your left hand." None of your business. My mother passed on years ago. Some people grow up and change their ways. Harry, that's not nice. I'm in church now. No, I'm a different person now, Harry. I couldn't believe it when Suzie called and said you were staying here. How have you been? If it was left up to me, I would poison him. Everybody who have been associated with Harry end up with pennies over their eyes. He's just raffish. Harry put him up to it. Before evening sun sets, I would have his belongings back on Route 55, that old fox. Rush your mouth, girl. No, he didn't. He cannot be that big of a damn fool. Harry always shows his good side and, like the moon, the other side is black. Back home he always did try to act like the colored gentleman. I'm telling you Harry is nothing but evil. I'm warning you -- you can't keep a wild animal as a pet around children. You know Harry lied about how that boy Hocker got kilt. And it was Harry who saw Emory last before they found him hanging over a levee like someone would hang a hog. I haven't heard anyone mention Swamp Root since button-up shoes went out.And what lesson have we learned from all of this, Babe Br... Sam... I mean Samuel? Do you think you won? You were in hell? Like muddy waters? Like a veil has been lifted? I'm okay. Go back to your friends. Why in the h... He is just being like all parents, concerned about the ones they love. We could borrow on that land and put the money to work. I told him we might not need it, if you can talk your parents into giving you your share of the property. You would think people never lived in a house if they have to ask what does 1 1/2 baths mean. I would like to finish reading this. What would I talk about? I haven't read this month's almanac. I don't care to hear about how the corn was this fall or how to get rid of gophers by putting garlic in their holes. They pride themselves in making life hard and that's not my cup of tea. How old are you? Coffee is bad for anybody, especially for a child. I want Sunny to have an advantage that you and I never had, but he needs discipline, and you are not helping when I tell him to do something and you allow him to get out of it. Because you were spoiled, don't try to spoil Sunny. Junior's wife kept her afterbirth' in the refrigerator. That's why I do not eat over there now. No. No. No. No. I had my Child at Cedars and Sinai. And that ain't no county hospital. You have to have cash or check before you come in the door. I thought you weren't old fashioned. What's a toby? I think he wants to see your rabbit foot. You don't act like the rest of Gideon's friends. They believe if you are not hard at work, you are hard at sin.You know the man next door is near death. He is in his pigeon cage. I was just trying to make conversation. Counting the gray hairs in your head.I do have a right to ask you to be a little bit better than me and your father because we gave you a better head start. You have no right to complain to us about your not having enough. You sit right there with your no manners self. Don't make me raise my hand to you. You have to see for yourself that you are going in the wrong direction. Have you lost your mind? Have you thought about your wife and child, not to mention your sick father? And I need your help to move his bed from under the leak in the ceiling. I've heard some foolish things in my life. What for? Well, you look better than you did yesterday. This doesn't make any sense; you are going to drag that poor boy out in the cold air. Who is it? I don't care to hear any jokes about people being in hell. This cut on my hand reminds me that it is nothing to laugh at. I don't want to hear any tales about colored people... I don't want to hear any joke about colored people being in hell. You're being irreverent. It's healing now. I cut it on an old rusty knife. Since this morning. You better come sit down. You are still sick. I need to get out there and get those weeds out. You must have been really sick. You stay inside. I will see to them. Just stay in bed and rest. No. Before anyone moves, you two shake hands and don't carry it any further. Gideon, don't say things like that. You better be careful. You'll get a stroke arguing. Do you want your coat? It's cold out here. It would be nice. You know, Babe Brother's wife just dumps greens in the pot without washing them. You're going to find yourself on the floor. Hush. Hush. You and Babe Brother are so much alike... You all act like two roosters. Go back to sleep. Let us settle this tomorrow. Don't bother the poor boy. It just takes some people a little longer to figure out who they are. Everyone is gone. Rhonda is in the bathroom. Only if you are a good man, a friend. Are you a friend? I'm glad you brought that up as to who you are. I have to know who is in my house. Hattie is a different person now. You must have done something to her. Good afternoon to you. As long as he keeps his throat clear, he is able to get some rest. Let me get you a cup? Can you watch Gideon for a while? One of the girls is going into labor. Junior is going to drive me over. He has never gotten rid of the malaria. He is usually up and at it the next day. I'm going to make him fresh chicken broth. He wasn't able to get out of bed today. Tolerable well. She has a fish bone caught in her throat. Could all of you go in the other room? Gideon, get some bread and toast it quickly and find me the cod liver oil. Harry, you know everything. I have someone I want you to meet. I was afraid to go to Marcus Bottom because of him. Those days you could always find something redeeming about even the worst person. One can tell you are from back home. These people nowadays don't know what manners are. You should go back and rest. Stranger my foot, it was my grandmother who helped you into this world. What must I do? I can't accuse him just dry long 80. I asked Harry about it. He didn't own up to it. He said he didn't know what got into Okra. You know Okra asked me to marry him the other evening. I remember Harry always trying to help someone. He got Lulla's daughter out of trouble. He was always running to the store for someone who couldn't leave the house. No, but I might have some Indian Chief Tonic. I planted a row just for you and you don't owe me anything. I know you didn't but you have been so thoughtful. It is so considerate of you. How are you?