Don't kill him yet, Father. Give him to me!  I can handle Barin.  But you adore me, Father -- you ca refuse me nothing . Yes?  Take a deep breath! Grab my ankle after we hit the water -- I'll lead you!  Catch your breath -- then I'll take you up and find you a disguise.  I'll fly you to the forest of Arboria - we'll find a way.  Do you realize how foolish you are to tell that to me -- Ming's daughter?  You're funny -- are all Eathlings like you, Flash Gordon?  You can't reach him. If a soldier spots you, it's instant death! -- Come!  Forget Dale Arden!  Forget her, Flash Gordon: I saw a look in my father's eye -- I think he intends to marry her.  Oh you ask so many questions.  Trust me!  Here we are.  I've dressed you as a Royal Pilot, First Class. We'll slip into my personal car and you'll fly it.  (soft, teasing) Learn from me -- I'll teach you so much!  Drink this.  It has no name. But many brave men died to bring it across space from Cythera, planet of Pleasure. It will make your hours with Ming more agreeable.  We are of different race, Dale Arden but we all are women here. I know your fears. Believe me, it will be better if you drink it...  Frigia -- eleventh of the moons of Mongo. It's inhabited by the Bear Men who eat their own young...  Now pull up -- go starboard around that next moon rising -- Ardentia.  Of course - the Sand Men. Every Moon is a kingdom -- seperate and hostile to all the others. They have nothing in common but Ming's rule -- and their hatred of him.  Fight Ming the Merciless?  I don't know these words what's a "team"?  Telekinetic Thought Transfer. (setting its dials) I'm going to get together with Prince Barin in Arboria and tell him I'm arriving. He's the one who'll help you.  Because he does anything I ask. He loves me.  If I showed you how.  What are you doing?  Are you mad> We're diving straight at Ardentia!  Rub this on your body. It gives Ming pleasure.  What's the matter?  Enough!  There's Arboria!  Who?  Follow me.  He is coming to see you now. Are you ready?  Do you need any more of this?  Ssssh...... Trust me!  It's Barin's hunt! Watch!  It means nothing. They only shout that because it's treason not to. They hate Ming.  Go inside -- let me talk to Barin first. (as FLASH hesitates) Foolish Earthling - trust me!  It's so long since I've been with you, Barin -- I couldn't stand it. Please don't be too angry at me for coming.  I've dreamed of it!   Flash Gordon -- come out!  Hide him from my father -- don't let him wander -- keep him for me!  You still must -- I'm playing a game!  He's a mere toy to me, my love -- when I'm tired of it we'll kill him!  It's the risk I ask, Barin hide him for me in Arboria.  Are you so afraid of my Earthling, Barin; Won't you even give him a chance?  I'll do that.  If your love for me is great enough, Barin, surely it will protect you from the serpent -- no?  It's an even chance now, Flash Gordon -- that's better than Daddy would have given you --   Barin -- my only -- I swear I didn't mean to get you into this!  Spare him Daddy -- oh please spare  Time is short. Ming sent me to fit you with is.  Your wedding dress.   When I think of being given to Klytus, I wish it was myself who had fallen.  Then what is it that melts into my eyes, Dale Arden? Feel it breaking --  Ming tired of her. He blew my Mother into outer space. I look into the night sky sometimes and wonder what star she's orbiting --  