No. Just some horrible dreams about smothering. Where are we? ... I don't know... Not exactly, just feel like somebody's been beating me with rubber hoses for about six years. Not sitting on our butts in here, that's for sure. Good! Maybe we'll be able to see something then. Nine hundred meters and dropping. 800. 700. Hang on gentlemen. Kill drive engines. Hell, we're equipped -- I'm not kidding. You can get one if you have the credit. Look just like real cows, too. I'm going to buy a cattle ranch. Yeah, it's you all right. Is that you, Roby? OH GOD IT HURTS SO BAD ! I don't know... I'm getting these CRAMPS ! I'm really starving; can we get some food before we go into the freezers? God I'm hungry. Don't remember nothing. Can't hardly remember my name. Wretched. What happened to me? Yeah, but this is hard work. Can't talk now. Yeah, I'm okay. Haven't hit bottom yet. Definitely a column of warm air rising; it keeps the shaft clear of dust. Okay, I'm in the mouth of the chimney now, and I'm starting down. No, I want to go in. No, it's too small, only room enough for one person. Sure. Maybe we can get in by the top. I was scanning the horizon to see what I could pick up. Look there, on that screen. Take a look. Well, the sun just came up again, and it seems the wind's died down. It's as clear as a bell outside. There's something I think you ought to see. Chaz, this is Dell. Can you come topside for a minute? But functioning. I'll go first. Looks like a derelict. Receiving. Close enough to walk to! Drop begins... now! Fifteen kilometers and dropping... twelve... ten... eight and slowing. Five. Three. Two. One kilometer and slowing. Lock tractor beams. It's... basalt. Rock. Well, line of sight is impossible due to dust. Radar gives me noise. Sonar gives me noise. Infrared -- noise. Let's try ultraviolet. There. Flat. It's totally flat. A plain. Approaching point of origin. Closing at 20 kilometers, 15 and slowing. Ten. Five. Gentlemen, we are directly above the source of the transmission. Activated. Vertical drop checked. Correcting course. On tangential course now, orbiting. Crossing the terminator. Entering night side. I'll see what I can do. There are no commercial lanes out here. Face it, we're out of range. Point eight six. We can walk on it. Yeah. Two hours. That's what I'm going to do. Just short of Zeta II Reticuli. We haven't even reached the outer rim yet. I got it. Oh boy. I don't recognize that constellation. Where's Irth?Yes. There are two points of salient interest. Number one: it is highly systematized, indicating intelligent origin. Number two: certain sounds are inconsistent with the human palate. Unknown. I have recorded the transmission. A voice transmission. I have intercepted a transmission of unknown origin. The reaction has proceeded too far. The core has begun to melt. Engines will overload in 2 minutes, 35 seconds. I have a temporary sequence on the monitor -- It is none of the 678 dialects spoken by technological man. I am programmed to do so if certain conditions arise. I have interrupted the course of the voyage.It's still in the ship? Dead! What happened? Where's Sandy? All over the ship; we'll have to check the charts to know for sure. Bulbs burned out, nobody bothered to replace 'em. That way. Machine's screwed up, I can't tell. Needle's spinning all over the dial. We could cut a section out of that metallite netting. It won't hold up to that acid, but aside from that it's pretty strong. Shit... Yes, I know what they make it out of, so what? It's food now. You're eating it. It grows on you. What do you mean? Why, what's wrong? Yes? What is it? Sorry to interrupt, but I'm gonna charge up the engines for a minute, okay? What? Yeah! Right. Talk to you. Hard to say. Just a minute, hold it, I'm checking. Well, uh... good luck. I hope you won't need me, but if you do, I'm here. That one section of the ventilator shaft has only two outlets -- you notice? The food storage room on one end -- The water will still recycle. What was that? What the Christ was that? Well, we should at least be able to each buy our own planet. Is it alive? Hurt! How? What the hell's going on? Right. You just sealed it off; it can't get to that section. There's some more combustible fuel down in the storage lockers next to the lounge. I'll go get it. Right. Hey, are you guys still there? What's going on? Poison gas... Well we better do something. It's clear. Might even incinerate the damn thing. We could put on our pressure suits and blow all the air out of the ship. That would kill it. I kind of like it. This dust is getting clogged in the intakes again! The engines are fixed. Hey, guess what? Here, let me try. Right. Oh -- I'm not near ready yet. Well... I'm going to have to blow the engines out... Martin, this is Jay. The intakes are clogged with dust. We overheated and burned out a whole cell.Right. -- And the cooling unit on the other. And then we run out of food and oxygen. Oh, no. Oh, no. Boy do I feel a lot better. It's a straight shot back to the Colonies, and then we can start taking bids on the paydirt. Any bets on the top bid? Oh -- God -- oh -- Don't know -- maybe we'll be real lucky and he just broke his neck. I knew we shouldn't of come down here. Don't know -- Broussard got hurt somehow. We'd be sitting ducks in the freezers. You can't tell -- that kind of stuff could represent printed circuits... It makes me sick to see him like that. But this thing uses it for blood . It's eating a hole in the floor! How about cutting it off? We can't pull it loose, but we can cut off everything but the bottom layer, where it's stuck to his face. Well, can't we kill it? I mean, we can't leave the damn thing on him. Yeah, but how? His nose and mouth are blocked. How does he breathe? Where did it come from? Yeah... well, maybe he should have. I mean, you brought the goddamn thing in here. Maybe you deserve to get slapped. The flamethrower! It must have stopped moving. I'm not getting anything. Whoever's doing the herding is gonna have their hands pretty full. I think somebody should stay by the lifeboat to slam the door on the thing once it's inside, and to serve as... as... What we really need is some red meat in here for bait. Should we go outside and bring him in? The flamethrower needs more fuel. Good! That's good! How ? Oh no! We can't fight this thing! There's only six hours of air left -- we're dead men! Oh my God. Thing is, I'm about out of fuel. Listen, it sure didn't like this flamethrower. At least it can't get up here now. Sounds like a rough one. We can't pump poison gas down into the cooling unit! It'll flood the whole ship! Maybe we don't have to. It's trapped in there. We could just leave it in there all the way back to Irth. Don't worry, it won't damage it, it'll just give it a little incentive. I think I could cobble something together. A long metal rod with a battery in it. Give it a hell of a shock. The machine will bring his temperature down. His vital functions are strong. Yes. He's running a fever. Yes? Well, what the hell good can we do in here? We can't grab it -- it might jump on us -- Now we're in for it. How could anything be indigenous to this asteroid? It's dead. What do you mean? I'll come with you. Careful, don't get under it! Hey now, what is this? That thing, God almighty, didn't you try to get it off him? Boy, that's terrific. If you press the button right now, it will blow the whole nose of the ship off. Just keep your finger off the button till she's way away from the ship, that's all. Hey look, somebody has to have his hands free to lock the creature in the lifeboat! This should do it. We can use the flamethrower. What about all the minerals and elements in the cargo hold? That's the only reason we came out here. We'd have to abandon them all. We'd be broke. Blow the ship up? We can't kill it on board. It's huge now and must have tremendous amounts of that acid in its body. ... And Broussard got caught in their reproductive cycle. Well... I suppose that star-shaped thing could be the parasite that got on Broussard. Is that what you mean? Recognizable! In that? We sure need this flamethrower. You mean his body was still kicking when it ran off with him? Listen, hadn't somebody better check on Broussard? That must have been when he got it. This is horrible. What's happening up here? It doesn't make any sense. It paralyzes him... puts him into a coma... then keeps him alive. Oh... God... What is it -- I can't tell anything -- I keep my mouth pretty much shut, but I don't like hitting. Jay, this is Cleave! Meet me at the main air lock! Three blips! They're coming this way! I've got 'em! They're back on my screens! Why, you chickenshit bastard -- But they don't know about the translation! They could be in danger right now. What do you mean, no? I'm getting nowhere. The whole area around the pyramid is dead to transmission. I think we should go after them. What? What was that? I'm trying. I've completely lost their signal.Do you remember the pyramid? Dell, what's the last thing you can remember? Are you in pain? There could be a whole city out there and we'd never see it. Or something will be able to see us. Engines off. Locked. Hell, no! We don't know what's down there on that piece of rock! It might be dangerous! What we should do is get on the radio to the exploration authorities... and let them deal with it. If there is some kind of alien intelligence down on that planetoid, it'd be a serious mistake for us to blunder in unequipped. Cattle ranch! I feel like shit... Oh... God... am I cold... Computer! I've turned all the cooling units back on! What's wrong? Hold it, I can't hear a damn thing! Yes! Unknown! What do you mean? What? Why ? It's monstrous -- it grew, like some horrible tapeworm. We were completely unprepared. Dead. Where does that go? What happened to the lights? Okay. Where's it coming from? We have to avoid injuring it. What we really need is some electric animal prods. But we can't kill it. If we kill it, it will spill all its body acids right through our hull and out into space. I didn't say it was bad for you, it's just kind of sickening, that's all. You know what they make this stuff out of? You like this shit? It couldn't translate the whole thing, only three phrases. I'll just read it to you the way I got it: "... HOSTILE... SURVIVAL... ADVISE DO NOT LAND... " And that's all it could translate. The computer's translated the alien signal, and it's kind of alarming. Jay, we've got a problem. I was wondering if there was any way you could shortcut the repairs and give us immediate takeoff capability. Yeah, okay. Go ahead. Not they ... he ... He died. How's it coming on the engines? Hello, Faust! Well, get started. How long to fix? Has the hull been breached? Thanks for the thought. Is it armed? Isn't "bait" the word you used? I should hope so! And we'd better make sure it's pretty far from the ship when we blow it. It's not going to work. I think it's going to be almost impossible to drive it up into the lifeboat. Our lives are more important. Anyway, we can take a small amount of the most valuable stuff with us on the lifeboat. And the creature with it. We can make it back to Irth in the lifeboat. I've got an idea, but you're not going to like it. You will notice, though, that there are no more phases. Only four forms are shown. After that the pattern repeats. And right next to it, that oval design with the markings -- it's a dead ringer for the spore casings. In symbolic form... very stylized... but if you stare at it, you can see some of the different creatures we've been dealing with. Don't count on it. It was horrible -- horrible. Like a chicken. What common objects? The same thing must've happened to the creatures on the other ship... except they took one of those jars on board, and opened it there. Hey! what about the film? I think it's fizzled out. I think that's how it's getting oxygen to him. It's some kind of organ -- it's inserted some kind of tube or something down his throat. Look at that. I guess I had it coming. Let's call it settled. Oh no. How many? Just can that crap! I'm in command here till Chaz returns! And nobody's leaving this ship! We can't spare the personnel. We've got minimum takeoff capability right now. That's why Chaz left us on board. We're not going anywhere. No. The computer just translated the goddamn message. It's not an S.O.S. It was a warning. Can you get them back? Now what's wrong? Tastes like something you'd feed a chicken to make it lay more eggs. First thing I'm going to do when we get back is eat some biological food. Couldn't the pyramid have been built here by space travellers? Yeah? About four hours. That tube must be depositing it in him. Close... Just a second. Those aren't water vapor clouds; they have no moisture content. Look -- What can I do? But I can save you -- get you to the Autodoc! I'll get you out of there. What did it do to you? Kablooey. And you'll let me know when you've got it coming this way... Who gets the privilege? So what do we do? Do we ignore it and finish loading the explosives into the boat -- or do we flush it out now? Hey watch it ! You know, it's funny -- this stuff we went to so much trouble to dig up -- this treasure, the paydirt -- it'll make it back to Irth just fine -- even if we're not with it. Yeah... I forgot. Doesn't matter -- we're already at light speed. And when we get back to the Colonies, they'll pick us up in the network. Right... but it'll take a few minutes for the engines to overheat and melt down the core. In the meantime, we get in the lifeboat and leave the ship. Okay. First we shut down all the cooling systems on the stardrive engines. It was time for that a couple days ago. No such luck. I saw it running down one of the corridors. Poor kitty; puss puss puss. No, I had to seal off a whole section. We'd lose too much of our remaining air if we opened the connecting door. I saw it. Faust got himself jammed in the air lock door. His body held it open. ... More spores coming. This is all the same creature. We're seeing the different stages in its life-cycle. So the next step should be -- I know it looks like a senseless jumble, but if you look closely, there are recognizable forms. Can you make out any pattern in all that? Nothing. Two down, four to go. By eating our food supplies. That's a flip-flop gate to channel the air, but we can use it to trap the thing. So the only question left is: who gets to crawl down the airshaft? Are you crazy ? Now what? This stuff's deadly -- I hope we know what we're doing. You win. Hey, wait a minute! That's all our food supplies in there! We can't pump poison gas all over them! Now what? What's it doing, having a seizure? We're coming! Where are you? Yes! Even simple. But if we haven't caught it in a week, then we have to go into the freezers anyway. We won't need it then. We'll have to go into quarantine, maybe for quite a while. That's the part that always makes me feel like I'm gonna puke -- when we accelerate into light speed. With great pleasure. We made it! Damn, we made it! Engaged. Up one kilometer, Jay. Where did the parasites come from? If we knew exactly what happened to the beings on the other ship -- Look, I'm not trying to rub anybody's nose in anything. The important thing is just to get away from here as fast as possible. Is that its mouth? Broussard had film in his datastick, didn't he? We can see what happened to him. Would somebody fill me in? I understand why you did that. Chaz, listen to me -- we've broken every rule of quarantine. If we bring an organism on board, we won't have a single layer of defense left. Chaz, if it's an organism, and we let it in, the ship will be infected. Chaz -- what happened to Broussard? Here, Chaz. Thank Christ! We lost you! Listen, there's been a new development -- Hey, can you guys hear me? This ship is full of cat hair. But why draw it on the wall? What would you say that was supposed to mean? Oh well... you know me. I don't even know what I'm looking for. What killed it? I agree. This is the single most important discovery in history. Found what? Okay, Chaz, I hear you. I've got you on my board. Yeah, rock particles. Dust. Not a one. It's dead. Zero. Dry as a bone. Ten to the fourth dynes per square centimeter. 10% argon, 85% nitrogen, 5% neon... and some trace elements. Yeah, okay. Engine room, what happened? Atmospheric turbulence. Dust storm. No -- that's atmosphere. Cloud layer. Oh my God. Computer, you have signalled a priority three message. What is the message? Chaz, I've got something here on my security alert. A high priority from the computer... Where are we? Right. Fire up all systems.Breathe deeply. What's wrong? I think that's a pretty reasonable request. Hell, you're in great shape, you've got your sense of humor back! Don't you remember? How do you feel, Dell? What was that Dell, I lost you, do you read me? Are you okay in there? Take care. Dell, you want to come down, we can figure out where to go from here. Can you see anything in the hole? Can we come up? You want to try? What is it, I can't -- What is it? I'm on my way. What's up? This is Chaz. Just machinery. No, you'll follow me. Martin, we're going in. I'm going to hold the conversation to a minimum from here on. Appears to be a door hanging open, the entrance is clogged with debris. I'm sending. Do you hear me? Martin, would you run me an atmospheric? Then take her down. Is it solid? What's the terrain down there? Activate lifter quads. Dell, I want greater magnification. More surface detail. I want to see what this place looks like. Except it will take 75 years to get a reply back. Don't forget how far we are from the Colonies, Martin. Gravity? Any rotation? Can you get it a little closer? Where the hell are we? Dell, plot our location. Sandy, scan the whole sky. Just hold it , hold it ! Computer: have you attempted to analyze the transmission? Computer, what language was that? Play it for us, please. A transmission? Computer, this is Captain Standard. What conditions are you talking about? And be right back. All right... but do not go below decks. No, I don't want us separated. Meet us on the bridge. Be careful -- it's huge now. So it's trapped in between -- now we have to drive it out. It looks completely different from the first one -- it's more like a worm with legs... and tentacles. All right -- Roby and Melkonis will go with Faust. Hunter and I will make up the second team. I hope not. No, we can't afford to lose that much oxygen. We're going to have to flush it out. So does anybody have any suggestions? Oh it's okay. I've had better cag than this, but I've had worse too, if you know what I mean. Just hold us together till we're in space, that's all! What? It's really on there tight. Then why the hell are you sitting around here? And when will you be ready to do that? Jay... how's it coming on the repairs? Damn it! How long to fix? I can't, the acid will pour out! Let me go first; you stay behind me. Well... now we have to herd that thing up here. It will be. No... the risk is too great. Perhaps after we've destroyed the thing. The ship's gravitational attraction must have drawn him back. Right. We've got a lot to accomplish. Let's get moving. You can't say that; I think it's a good plan. We can load the lifeboat up with explosives and trigger them remotely, once the lifeboat is in space. If we could just get the creature into the lifeboat, we could launch it into space and blow it up. It's time for drastic remedies. I don't buy that. There's still time to destroy it and get ourselves in the freezers. Does anybody know what happened? We've got six hours left. That's right -- we can't kill it on the ship, but we can at least keep it at bay -- and maybe drive it into the air lock. We'd better seal off the lower maintenance level; at least trap it there. Got a better idea? While the rest of us wait down in the cooling unit with the net. The only other thing I can think of is for somebody to crawl in there and flush it out. Don't be an idiot. How do we locate the creature? Good. Get on it. But first, I'm issuing a standing order: from this moment forth, every one of us will wear protective garments, including helmets. Let's get down to the locker and change. Good. Can you do anything for him? Still unconscious? How's Broussard? Maybe we can catch it. No, don't open the door. We don't want it escaping. The door was closed. It must still be in here. Maybe it wasn't always dead. Well, those things out there aren't the same, you know -- the spaceship and the pyramid. They're from different cultures and different races. That ship just landed here -- crashed like we did. The pyramid and the thing from it are indigenous. You know, it's fantastic -- the human race has gone this long without ever encountering another advanced life form, and now we run into a veritable zoo. I'll do it. The rest of you continue. There. Should be coming through about there. Ask him. It wouldn't come. Well, how does it feel to be rich men? It's over, Hunter. And you and I will bag it, and then we'll take it to the ventral air lock, got it? All right, then -- when it gets to the other side of the door, you sing out, then drop the door. Okay? Let's get moving with this net. Are they close? Come on -- let's go above and see how they're coming with the gear. I can see you're putting your spare time to good use. Let me tell you something: you keep staring at hyperspace for long enough, they'll be peeling you off a wall. I've seen it happen. We came out there, we'll go back. A long time by the clock, but a short time to us. That's the one about the albatross, right? I thought I'd find you here. We'll have to trap it somehow. If we had a really strong piece of net, we could bag it. Room by room, corridor by corridor. We've got about a week left, right? We'll have to catch it and eject it from the ship. The commander normally has first publication rights. We're going home. We're in hyperspace. Too primitive. It's a pre- technological construction. That slab was engineered by an Iron-Age culture at best. That sounds a little fanciful... It appears to have healed itself. No, thank God... just missed him. We're just plain lucky. That could have gone right through the hull -- taken weeks to patch it. It's stopped? Let's let the machine work on him. How the hell should I know? Come on, give me a hand, let's get him out of there! It won't come -- it's stuck. Help me -- I'm going to try to get it off. Don't touch him, watch it ! No, it's coming. There, it caught! But what can we do? He's out of radio contact. Here's his line. We can haul him out of there if we have to. If we don't hear from him soon, I think we better go in after him. What'd he say? Can't tell -- these weather conditions could erode anything, fast. Doesn't seem much doubt about it, does there? Who knows? How far? What's wrong? You lead. All right. Now just remember: keep away from those weapons unless I say otherwise. Martin, do you read me? Just settle down. Sandy, you get any response yet? Well, we can't go anywhere in this darkness. How long till dawn? Dell -- show me that on a screen. Computer, what's the frequency of the transmission? Sandy, can you home in on that beam? Sandy, you want to give us some vision? Kill me... No good... it's eaten too much of me... No... don't... That was Melkonis... it ate Hunter... Look... Kill me... And you stand aside while we drive it in, then shut the hatch, launch the boat, and -- All right, Martin, we'll be in touch with you on the communicator. Yes, and maybe launch the boat and blow it too... if the others are injured. Now. If we can get it into the boat, we won't have to blow it up -- we can just eject it into space. It's stable; it doesn't hurt to drop it. Here, carry these. But the idea's good, if we could just turn it around somehow. No, it won't work and I just realized why. There's only one hypersleep freezer on the lifeboat. Only one of us could survive. But the lifeboat can't accelerate to light speed. That'll blow the ship up. Let's hear it. That kind of remark is pointless. Now come on -- I want to hear every suggestion you can come up with, no matter how wild. At least we're rid of the damn monster. It must have been the first thing sucked out of the ship. Can we get to him? Which presumably means... Then that tomb... must have been some kind of fertility temple... where they stored their eggs, and maybe held mating rituals... That next thing there -- six legs, tentacles -- that's the thing we saw in the food locker. Well... yes... there's a pattern... but it's meaningless to me. What's that supposed to mean? How did it get so big ? Right now let's keep it closed. Let's be democratic. The man would need protection, obviously -- as well as some way to drive the thing before him. What do you think? Now we go in. Go ahead, Jay. Once we kill the thing we won't need the food any more -- we can go straight into hypersleep. Also, it sounds like that thing is already doing a pretty good job on our supplies; it may be fouling them all. I guess we open the door and net it. It started crashing around right after we locked it in. Food-storage room! We've got it up here! It's trapped! Get up here fast! These will be very useful. At least we won't have to go digging around in closets with our bare hands. All right, here's the battle plan: we're going to break into two teams and start systematically covering the ship. Whoever finds it first, catches it in the net and ejects it from the nearest airlock. Clear? All right, so that's what we've got. A week. It's plenty of time. That's okay, he can remain in hypersleep until they're ready to treat him. I think the best thing to do with Broussard is to just freeze him as he is. It'll arrest the progress of his disease, and he can get complete medical attention when we get back to the Colonies. Quit complaining; we're in space. You bet we made it. Martin, set course for Irth and accelerate us into stardrive. Let's take her into an escape orbit. Take us up. They seem native to the planet. It's got an atmosphere and a dense gravity. It's dead now, but once it must have been fertile. I can't lean on Faust any harder -- he's been working non-stop on the engines. I'm sorry to say it looks like you were right in the first place, Martin. We never should have landed here. Look at these suckers -- no wonder we couldn't get it off him. What film? He went into the pyramid alone. We lost radio contact with him. When we pulled him out, it was on his face. It won't come off, not without injuring him. Good. Martin, this is an order! Open the door! We can't leave him out here, open the door. You hear me, Martin? Open the outer door. It's some kind of organism, it's attached itself to him. Let us in. We're coming up now, open the outer lock door. Can't talk now; Broussard's injured. We'll need some help getting him into the ship. Yeah, we hear you! We're coming back! Tell you what, Martin. As soon as the engine's fixed -- Well... it's obviously intentional... some kind of attempt at communication... maybe it's a symbol that means something to them... I've always respected your opinion, Martin. If something worries you, it worries me. Still worried? Find anything we missed? But? Martin? It appears to be some sort of spacecraft. We're going to approach it. Martin, uh, we've found it. Good. I'm getting you clear too. Let's just keep the line open. Well, we won't need pressure suits, but breathing masks are called for. Sandy -- can you rig up some kind of portable unit that we can use to follow that transmission to its source? Anything else? Any microorganisms? Good! Moisture content? Nontoxic... but unbreathable. Pressure? Sandy... how far are we from the source of the transmission? What the hell happened? Turn on navigation lights. It's out of focus. Well, it's finally happened. Let's hear it. This is Chaz speaking. Sorry, but we are not home. Our present location seems to be only halfway to Irth. Remain at your posts and stand by. That is all. Sandy, contact traffic control. All right, tycoons, let's stop spending our credit and start worrying about the job at hand.