I don't know what you're talking about -- Get fucked -- Two whole drums -- Get out -- You can keep your fucking fuel -- No -- absolutely not -- How far do you think you can push -- what kind of people do you think -- You're out of your skull -- What ! What's there to talk about -- this whole thing disgusts me. Wait -- wait -- don't get up tight -- what I meant was we'd need a whole drum for that -- Now just a second -- I'm doing you a favor, buddy -- what're you trying to pull? Good -- like I said, take your pick. Take your pick -- they all like you -- I can tell -- Look -- you know who that is, Captain -- you know what she's saying -- you'll never see stuff that good outside of a magazine for the rest of your life. We could use some fuel -- just a half drum -- just enough to get us out a here. Look -- the girls could get killed -- we're not supposed to be this close combat, I mean real combat. Well I mean like they also took our fuel -- We've been here two days. Look -- we got in a little trouble -- they rudely took our helicopter for MedEvac work on this -- uh Operation Brute Force -- They just brought it back this morning. Oh -- I see -- Well, girls, this is Captain -- eh -- Look -- you know the girls -- Thta's Terri -- she was playmate of -- Where are you headed? You came in on that boat, didn't you?Moonby, 4th battalion, Royal Australian Regiment, Task Force. Ex-Corporal Moonby, deserted. Moonby. Got any Winstons? I know, I know, it's all right. Come in this way. It's mined over there. This way. It's all right.Headquarters 11 Corps -- 405th A.S.A Battalion -- S-2 -- Com-Sec -- Intelligence -- Nha Trang. A year ? Waiter another beer. How long were you up there ? I didn't know we had units up there in North Vietnam. Thirty -- sometimes fifty. Sometimes. Yeah. I was an FO for the 25th. That's quite an array of ribbons... Were you Longe Range Recon -- Rangers, eh? What unit were you with ? North ? Delta ? That's good gin. Which part is that ? Winning the war by yourself. How about a drink ?Holy shit. Yeah -- typical A.R.V.N. So what happened ? It's really too much -- I mean I've collected every picture of her since she was Miss December. You got to kill this sonuvabitch -- Lance and me, we don''t understand none of this -- Jesus, Captain -- I don't wanna die here -- Do it quick. I don't get it -- You said your mission was to kill him. Let's do it, an' get our asses outta here. This Kurtz is ruining the war; I mean, this don't look good for America ! This is evil -- evil, Captain. We're all gonna die here. When you kill Cong, don't you feel something. He killed that guy without feeling anything. What are we doing here? Captain -- they've been probed all this week -- Cong and NVA regulars. There's gonna be a big offense any time. Who's he? Charlie? Yeah, it is. Still got a lot of that stuff from Nha Trang. But we're running low on the other. Less than half -- sure is a mess down there. There's some bad holes, man, and the cracks -- water's coming through the cracks. Food's shot to hell. Whatdoya think it thinks. I know it sounds stupid, but I feel like the goddamn jungle's watching us. I don't know. I don't believe you -- No shit. They lined us all up in front of a hundred yards of prime rib -- magnificent meat, beautifully marbled.. Then they started throwing it in these big cauldrons, all of it -- boiling. I looked in, an' it was turning gray. I couldn't stand it. I went into radio school. Cook school -- that did it. That's right, sir -- I come from New Orleans -- I was raised to be a sauciere.. a great sauciere. We specialize in sauces; my whole family. It's what we do. I was supposed to go to Paris and study at the Escoffier School; I was saving the money. They called me for my physical so I figured the Navy had better food. No, sir -- I'm a real chef, sir -- I'm a sauciere -- Call me what, sir? Yes, sir -- I hate that -- Every time I hear that noise something terrible happens. Flood. Said I speak French like a Spanish cow. Thirty meters up, Lance; I saw the fucking flash. Mangoes? There as a fucking tiger in the woods -- I could've been eaten alive. I'm never going into that jungle again. I gotta remember never get out of the boat; never get outta the boat. Can I go get those mangos now?No -- most of 'em are still standing -- might've been disease. What'd he say? Elevate Lance, in the tree. No, I saw another. You forgot the mangoes, didn't you? I'll go with you in a while -- judt hold tight awhile -- Looks pretty shallow. Which way? Right or left? Will they attack? What is it? Signs? Why -- Charlie put it there to kill -- When'd you do it? I -- We're Americans. What the hell is it? This is my crew and my fucking boat, and I'm the responsible party. This whole area is lousy with V.C. -- We don't stand a chance. Lemme turn around and we'll be in Hau Fat in six minutes. I think this river wants to take us home fast. I'm practically goin' in reverse. Who knows what's up there? Wow, you must a found the C.O., eh? No shit -- hot damn -- What're you trying to say, Captain -- Careful, Captain, they've been known to charge. Yeah, Chef -- go ahead -- take Lance with you -- The draft of that river might be too shallow on the point. Yeah -- fishing village -- helicopters over there. Hueys, lots of 'em. Smoke ! Beats me -- the sun was too much for him, or the mud. Who knows ? 'Bout six months ago I took a man up to Lo Mung Bridge. He was regular Army too. Shot himself in the head. I brought his body back down. The Delta closes off to us about ten miles out of Hau Fat. We'll be able to pick up some supplies -- bit I think there are only two points we can draw enough water to get into the Nung River. It's all Charlie's turf from there on out. All right with me, I used to drive a taxi. I wonder if that was the same copter. I saw that Colonel's Huey on the point -- Forget that extra drum -- it's too damn hot. They nail him for it bad ? I never heard about that. What cat ? Anybody see some smoke ?Terminate with extreme prejudice. Exactly -- you'll go up the Nung River in a Navy P.B.R. -- appear at Nu Mung Ba as if by accident, re-establish your acquintance with Colonel Kurtz, find out what's happened -- and why. Then terminate his command. You can see, of course, the implications, if any of this -- even rumours leaked out. Ours. What does that mean ? You didn't like him. Would he remember you ? If you're B.L. Willard, 4th Recon Group, we'd like you to come with us.What did you put in all those ammo boxes? Then went too far -- he sat there and starts mutilating the centerfold. Poking pins in her an' all that. Sergeant says, don't do her like that. You leave your shitty little hands off that girl. Gook Lieutenant says Fuck you in Vietnamese -- Sergeant says, don't do that again. You'll wish you hadn't. Then he stood up, flicked his iron to rock and roll and gave the little zero a long burst through the Playboy mag. Man, it blew him clean off the dock -- Hell, just the magazine was floatin' there all full of holes. He was working A.R.V.N. patrols and had one a them little cocky gook asshole Lieutenants -- anyhow, the Lieutenant took his new Playboy one day, sat on the end of the dock, and wouldn't give it back. Yeah -- you can really get hung up on them like the cat in the Delta. Jesus -- that guy's too damn much. Clear on starboard -- Where's Lance an' the Captain? He's in the L.B.J. -- didn't give him no medals or nothing -- Yeah -- he really dug his Playboy mag, man -- I mean like he was there when it arrived -- He just knew. One that went up for murder -- he was an Army Sergeant. Too far inland. Charlie? We ain't goin' down the river. What're you askin' me for -- put 'em in the first helicopter comes in tomorrow. What is it? Yeah, it still runs.Colonel Kurtz, he's dead. How did they know? Who is he? NVA regulars. They're coming again tonight. Tet -- their big -- assault. What -- happened here.Well, he's killing now. But why ? About what ? A lame ? He's commanding the detachment at Nu Mung Ba. You know much about about Special Forces; Green Berets, Captain ? I believe on your last job you executed a tax collector in Kontum, is that right ? This gentleman or myself ? Okay, Willard, sit down.We endure, captain -- you can blow up the house and we will live in the cellar -- destroy that and we'll dig a hole in the jungle and sleep on it. Burn the forest and we'll hide in the swamp. all the while, we do but one thing -- clean the blood off our bayonets. Au revoir, Captain. Two of my men deserted last night. It happens from time to time. I assume my daughter told you of our conditions. When I was a boy, my father would take me there, to hunt. There are a few savages, but no man can live there, no white man. Upriver? Why upriver? There is nothing there, only jungle. But we civilized it. A place belongs to those who bring light to it, don't you agree. We will never 'evacuate', Captain -- this is our home. Indochina is ours; it has been so for a hundred and twenty-one years, there is something to say for that. Captain? Attacks repulsed, as I was saying. This is only for this war, Captain. Viet Cong -- 54; North Vietnamese regular forces -- 15; South Vietnamese -- 28 -- regular forces and otherwise. Americain -- 6. Of course, they were, perhaps, mistakes, Captain. No, I've seen those in Normandy. This is much better. My country -- my country could never originate this. Magnificent. It is very good -- there is no current -- It is very good. I have never seen one like it in all Indochina. I was in Paris when it arrived -- do you know what might have caused -- Of course, Captain -- an unfortunate necessity. A man of war is never bothered to aid an ally -- you will follow me, Captain. We took them from the dead. Now -- I assume you want to rest, to shower. We'll attend to your repairs after dinner. Entirely unnecessary, Captain. Fifty calibers, eh, Captain --Yeah -- yeah, I can understand how you feel. The wind -- Napalm, boy -- nothing else in the world smells like that -- You smell that. You smell that? They far enough? You think that section on the point is ridable, Lance? I said it's a good swell -- hell of a good swell 'bout six feet. Let's get a look at it. Good swell. That's terrible -- we'll change that -- I'd like to see you work -- I've always liked your cutback; got a hell of a left turn, too. Where've you been riding, Lance? You can cut out the sir, Lance -- I'm Bill kilgore -- I'm a goofy foot. It's an honor to meet you Lance. I've admired your nose-riding for years -- I like your cutback, too. I think you have the best cutback there is. Lance Johnson? The surfer? What's your name, sailor ? You want'a surf, soldier? Change -- get out there -- I want'a see if it's ridable -- change. Change. How big it is? Why the hell didn't you tell me about that place -- a good left. There aren't any good left slides in this whole, shitty country. It's all goddamn beach break. What do you mean? Mike, you know anything about the point at Vin Drip Drop? Take her in low, Lieutenant. Eagle Thrust Four -- Big Duke Six. Join me in sparaying some trees. Big Duke Six to Baker Delta Four -- hold -- we're right over you. Haven't got time, Hell's Angels -- lay it right up the tree line. Big Duke Six to Hell's Angels Four -- bring it in on along tree line and huts. It's gonna blow this place out. It's gonna ruin it ... Yes, I know. It'll get here, soldier. The trees, eh... Sonuvabitch -- anybody hurt? The enemy. Who else? Fucking savages. Yeah. Classical stuff -- scares the hell out of the slopes -- the boys love it. We'll come in low out of the rising sun -- We'll put on the music about a mile out. What about this point here? You talk like him. I don't mind taking casualties, Captain, but I like to keep my ratio ten to one in this unit -- ten Cong to one. And I don't intend to get some of them chewed up just to get your tub put in the mouth of the goddman Nung River. You say you don't know Kurtz? I mean it's hairy -- they got some pretty heavy ordnance, boy -- I've lost a few recon ships in there now and again. That village you're pointing at is kinda hairy. Don't you agree? Seems to me he got himself fragged. i heard some grunt rolled a grenade in his tent. Maybe a rumor. Helluva man -- remarkable officer. Walter Kurtz woulda been a General some day. General of the Army. Shit, Head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Did you knew Kurtz? 'Bout a year ago? Is Kurtz still alive? Nu Mung Ba. Last I heard, Walter Kurtz commanded a Green Beret detachment at Nu Mung Ba. Can you trust them? What'd you do for supplies? Haiphong? Shit, you jump in ? What's the furthest you been in? Why the hell you wanna go up to Nu Mung Ba for? Just hold up a second, Captain -- I'll get to you soon enough -- We've got things to do here. Yeah -- Na Trang told me to expect you -- we'll see what we can do. Just stay out of my way till this is done, Captain.Yes... My river... my people... my jungle... my ideas... my country... my wife... ... my death. I was on threshold of great things. I had immense plans. Going back - to the jungle to die. Go away -- hide yourself. I'll tell you what makes sense ! Air strikes ! White Phosphorus ! Napalm ! We'll bomb the shit out of them if they don't do what we want. You could never figure it because it doesn't make sense. Oh Captain, that is so true. Because of all the things we do, the thing we do best -- is lie. You know what you're doing? You are interfering with my plans ! Gimme water. The truth that you were sent here to murder me, ans so far you haven't done it. And do you know why? Yes, you know why. Your mission makes about as much sense as those idiots who sent you on it. Asshole ! Schmuck ! How long does it take you to figure out that nobody knows what they're doing here. Except me. Pain is easy to handle -- but nobility.. the nobility of a man is judged by how much Truth he can handle. How's yours? Still playing by the rules. You're a damn good kiler. No -- I don't want to sleep. I want to think. Water. Give me water. No. My thinking is clear. But my soul has gone mad. I love it. Do you? That's right, the little gook- pricks. But they are noble little gook-pricks, noble. Because they fight with their guts, like animals. And for an idea ! That's rich. We fight with ingenious machines and fire, like Gods, and for nothing. But I'll call in a major blotto airstrike tonight. We'll have ourselves a helluva airstrike tonight, a lightshow. How do you like The Doors': 'C'mon Baby Light My Fire...' I said get the fuck out ! I'm going to kill the little weirdo myself tomorrow. He's only stayed alive this long because he's a good orderly and medic. He knows how to use a hypodermic. Yeah, I can see that. He's fuckin nuts -- Yes. What other reason could you have come? A Captain. Ranger. Paratrooper. Graduate of the Recondo School. Am I right about these things? You came up my river -- in that small boat. So simple. I always thought the final justice would come from the sky, like we did. You are the final justice, aren't you? You were not coming here, to see me? Why did you come to ... my province. I'm Kurtz.Yeah, I'm an artist, goddamit ! What? What? Sure -- fine -- I think we ought to wait for the tide to come in. What, sir? I haven't surfed since I got here. Thank you, sir. That's right, sir. Gunner's Mate, Third Class -- L. Johnson, sir. What? The other one -- You think? What's this tiger shit? And you could just tell when the supplies were booby trapped? Captain -- that was all true about the rats and chocolate and stuff? A Yater spoon is hard to get -- especially here. Any time -- us -- Americans. You think he'd of shot us? You hear it again? Maybe we better stay in under the trees till dark -- we got his Yater. Yeah, Jesus Christ ! The Yater -- the clear one with the thin stringer. No -- no, Captain. Nah. Yeah... thanks. He'll kill us. Just something I read in the Free Press. Maybe he'll get inside the tube -- where -- where they can't see him. Maybe he'll get tubed.It's of strategic importance for keeping the highway into Bat Shan open -- the generals don't like to admit that Bat Shan is surrounded. I'd just clear out as soon as I could if I were you, sir. They're gonna start working on the bridge with torches again. Charlie will start throwing it in hard -- Now I can get out a here -- if I can find a way out. You don't know how happy that makes me, sir. Captain Willard -- we got these from Nha Thrang two days ago -- they expected you here then -- Captain Willard?It's still pretty hairy, sir. Wh -- what? Six to eight feet. It's hairy ,though. That's where we lost McDonnel -- they shot the hell out of us. It's Charlie's point. It's really long left slide, breaks on the short side of the point -- catches a south swell. Boss left.Affirmative, Big Duke Six -- We're even got some rockets left. This is Baker Delta Four -- Captain hit bad -- need dust-off. Receiving heavy automatic weapons fire from huts about thirty yards to our left. Hell's Angels Four to Big Duke Six -- we'll need green smoke -- suggest you have the FAC mark it.No sir, I think -- this'll be a little bit different -- Big show in the parade grounds this noon -- some boss stuff -- Well who the hell verifies that ? Well, you know I don't have the priority to do that, sir. It says here not to contact Com-Sec- Int. Who's your commanding officer ? I don't know anything about these papers, sir.No, it'd be spooky without the war -- give 'em back. Spooky. You got a chance in that boat -- by morning you could be five miles down the river. Nobody comes in here. It's to everyone I really knew -- the first girl I screwed -- my brother -- best friend -- I wanted to tell 'em how much I enjoyed knowing 'em -- it's been a great twenty years. I gotta let 'em know. Do me a favor buddy, please. Hey, buddy, that boat still runs, eh? Straight up the road -- a concrete bunker -- Beverly Hills -- where else you think he'd be? Beverly Hills -- You came right to it, son of a bitch -- I don't know -- don't have any idea -- I'm just the night man -- Stepped on a booby trap, sir -- got blown all to hell -- That's 27, sir.I will -- I assure you that -- You got a fifty on that H-34 -- leave the ammo in boxes -- I'll get my men to bring the first drum with 'em -- We can use some fifty caliber and a 16 too -- Men of all races -- nationalities -- You make some of your closest friends in the army -- war has a way of bringing men together. One for all -- all for one -- Esprit de corps -- We have a lot of pride in our unit -- That's what there is to talk about -- my man -- I take a good care of my men -- My men -- Sit down -- we'll talk about it. We need all our fuel anyway. I said I like all of them. I like all of them -- I'm not that fond of blondes -- maybe I like brunettes -- We need all our fuel. Well -- Dreadful. Yeah. Captain Willard -- go ahead. Yeah, I caught your show at Hau Fat. What's it matter? Get to the point. Yeah -- What is this? Moonby what? Who the hell are you? We've been attacked. Who are you ? I go up on missions. Listen Captain, buy me all the beer you want, but you better tell that asshole over there you're not going to find out anymore about me. A long time. We do. You know, I can remember once, getting back below the DMZ -- and the first Americans we ran into were a track squadron. I just couldn't believe how much water they had. We'd been chewing bamboo shoots for almost a week, and before that, for two weeks, we'd been drinking anything -- rain water, river shit, stuff right out of the paddies. And there were these guys standing by their trucks spilling water all over. I could've killed them. I swear to God I would have, too, if ... At least you always have enough water. How many gallons does each one of those damn things carry ? Fat. That's real fat. Tracks ? Let's talk about you. No -- I worked too far north for LRRP. Sort of. None. Yeah. Way north. No. I'm sure it is, but I had hepatitis. My part. Beer, with ice and water. Part. Sure, thanks. ... he's an amazing officer. Yeah, I know. Sure. Recoil... I feel the recoil of my rifle. Not a thing. Kurtz. I'm supposed to kill him, just like he said. I know. God knows. Looks that way. That's a light down there -- And the grass? How much is left? That we're dumber than we look. Probably is. What do you see? Chef -- since you're such a fan of Miss December's I think you should be detailed with Lance and Clean to take the first drum up there. I've arranged with those people we saw at Hau Fat to give us some 50 caliber in trade for a couple a drums of fuel -- How? What are you doing out here? A sauciere -- Chef -- is that 'cause you like mangoes an' stuff? Why they call you that? Chef. Arch light. Who knows? Right. Two hours after the fog lifted, we moved slowly to a spot we thought was roughly a mile and a half below Kurtz's camp. We approached a long sand-bank stretching down the middle of the river. If they have boats ... or canoes... they'd get lost in the fog. We can't move either -- we'll end up on the shore. Listen. Listen. Yeah -- like keep out -- Whoever put'em there didn't do it to kill people -- They put 'em up as signs -- Thta's not Charlie's work -- While you were sleeping. Rocks, sand -- those two men who deserted. I am -- I'm Captain B.L. Willard. This is Chief Warrant Officer Phillips -- it's his boat. We were shot up bad downriver and need repairs and food -- we can pay you in gold. They're not Cong. In the middle of the jungle -- a goddamn light. Get in there now or I'll bury you in this river. Get in there ! Well, get in there. Can't be any worse than this. What do you think? What about ducking into one of those tributaries till this river slows down? We found some bodies -- let's get out a here. You'll see soon enough -- get going, sailor -- All right I got a little surprise for you -- I'll go with him -- We could go in tomorrow at dawn -- there's always off-shore wind in the morning. First Air Cavalry. They're the ones gonna get us into the River. Where ? Shot himself. What for ? We're gonna have some help to get in the river. You know these waters, Chief ? Let's go. Chief, try to keep out of where we're going -- Why we're goin' and what's gonna be the big surprise. I met the P.B.R. crew; they were pretty much all kids, except for Phillips, the Chief -- Gunner's Mate Third Class L. Johnson -- Lance Johnson; Gunner's Mate Third Class J. Hicks -- The Chef -- Radio Operator Second Class T. Miller; they called him Mr. Clean. Terminate ? You want me to clean it up -- simple and quiet. Touchy. Our Recon flight ? Maybe it's not Kurtz. I don't believe he's capable of that. I just don't believe it. Anyone got a cigarette. Maybe. I only met Kurtz once. Whose orders ? What do you want ? Yeah. Yeah. They must have seen the fire. He was the tragedy -- the tragedy of this war. Charlie? Maybe. He couldn't get through a sentence without all these big words; about why we kill. I don't know. He was a lame, that's all. This is years ago, before he joined Special Forces, I guess. We had an argument. I thought he was a lame. Yeah. I've worked with them on occasions and I saw the movie , sir. I am not presently disposed to discuss that, sir. No, sir. No, sir. Captain B.L. Willard, G-4 Headquarters, reporting as ordered, sir. I guess this is whAt men of war do -- eh? Your daughter. What about an American named Kurtz? Do you know that jungle? I always thought the French came here to get the rubber. The Vietnamese think it's theirs -- I guess the Americans do, too. You'll get blown outta here some day. Of course. I -- Once we make our repairs, we could send word, we could have you evacuated from here. Looks like a two thousand pound to me. Yeah, a two thousand pound bomb. A habit of men of war, sir -- you understand. We don't want to bother you any, we -- American weapons? As I said, we can pay you in gold. The kid can't ride sloppy waves. You know, some day this war's gonna end.. I'm waiting for the fucking boat, Colonel. Automatic weapons flashes along those trees -- probably eleven millimeter guns and AK-47's. Who? Music? You'll find enough Cong up there. I met him. So? I heard you had a good bunch of killers here. Hairy ? He musta changed ! I got to get into the Nung River, here or here. I met him. Who knows. When did you hear? No. They put out two or three for every one I needed. When you get to the one you'll use, you just stake it out. If something feels wrong, you just pass it up. On one mission, I had to pass up three and ended up living on rats and chocolate bars. Mercenaries -- agents, traitors -- they put out caches. No. Walked. Haiphong. I got bored in Saigon. My orders are from Com-Sec Intel -- B.L. Willard, 4th Recon -- Captain B-L. Willard, sir -- 4th Recon Group -- I carry priority papers from Com-Sec Intelligence 11 Corp -- I believe you understand the nature of my mission. I'm taking you back. You had immense plans... immense plans... I'm gonna get you out of here. I'm taking you back. You can still live. What are you doing? We'll exterminate the fuckers ! Fuck no. Stinks. I could never figure -- I could never figure how they can teach boys how to bomb villages with napalm -- and not let them write the word 'fuck' on their airplanes. I think think a lie stinks. How did we get here? No water. What Truth? I can handle it. How's the pain? You can't have water after morphine. You've gone crazy. Yeah, I like it... You're gonna get hit tonight, bad -- a whole regiment of NVA regulars. Yeah. Do you know me? You know you're right. What do you mean, Colonel? No -- no, sir. We were attacked -- down river. We need supplies and medical help. Captain B.L. Willard reporting his presence, sir. Colonel Kurtz, I guess. Yes I was... He said his last words to me. His death was -- yes, he died as he lived. Both of us... Yes, I know... You knew him best. He was a remarkable man. It was impossible not to -- You get to know each other pretty well out there. Bring your rifles, that's all. Take us to him. No -- leave it -- I wasn't looking.. I was running. No shit... I think I shot the hell out of him. It's a feeling you get in the jungle. When you get good, you can find a track and tell not only how many they are, but their morale, how far they're going, whether they're near their camp, the weapons they're carrying. Sure. He's a man who knows what he wants -- he does know what he wants. I don't think he'd of shot us on the beach but -- he'd of shot us if he saw me taking the board -- When? No -- I don't think so. But it'll be back. They were circling. It'll be back. He didn't look like he'd take that sitting down. This one , Lance? Which one's the Colonel's? Then let's get the hell out of here. Want to say goodbye to the Colonel? Are you finished surfing? He can't kill us. We're on his side. What's that? What? What is this bridge? We'll be needing some supplies and fuel -- do you know anybody who can give me a hand? Why? That's me. I'm not ever goin' to tell you to shut up again. Who are you? And shut up. We're going ashore. Tie her up -- and leave your guns up, Lance. Is that where he is? By the shrunken heads. Sounds like he's gone crazy. Why didn't he shoot you? So Kurtz is alive. You're Australian? Why did they attack us? Where's Kurtz? I want to talk to him. What if I say no. So that's it. I'm afraid I won't have time -- I gotta -- The river is beautiful. I know. Yes. What things? What did you hear? Kurtz. I know you've heard of him. I just follow my footsteps, one at a time, trying to answer the little questions and staying away from the big ones. No. Not really. I should be checking on the boat. I'm sorry to hear that. We were going upriver when we got caught in a storm, ma'am. This -- Bob Hope or the like -- What show ? I do. Right now -- I am. They're in order -- it's perfectly clean -- just check with ComSec- Intel like I said. C'mon -- What? Where's your chief supply officer? Son of a bitch, sir. Well , who's in command here? Soldier -- where''s your C.O.? Anyone got a card?