Very well, I'd like to see him if I may. What does? Does that distress you? Mr. Kramer, do you ever have sex in here with anyone? Good. I'll see him in there. Where is the child? I'm Dr. Alvarez, Judge Atkins asked me to look in on your son and prepare an evaluation sheet. Mr. Kramer? In real life when does he hit you? Tell me, does your daddy ever hit you? What do you like best about your daddy? What do you like best about her? Do you like to be with your mommy? What about your mommy? I see you have people there. What are their names? What do you have here, Billy?My daddy doesn't hit me, silly. Why would my daddy hit me? He hits me on the planet Kriptarium, when I steal the buried treasure from the famous peanut butter factory. Playing. Lunch in a restaurant. Oh, sure. Here, this can be mommy. That's Kim...and this one's Thelma and that's Mrs. Willewska and this is daddy and that's Batman and over there is Robin. No. But I've been to Brooklyn. Detroit. On earth. Show... Greatest... Welcome to the... Ladies and gentlemen... Will you come and say good-night to me every night? Daddy, what if The Face comes when I'm at mommy's? Who will read me my stories? Where will my toys be? Where will my bed be, where will I sleep? I don't understand, daddy. Like a principal? Why does he decide? Daddy! You're home early. Did you get fired again? What else wasn't there? Was there Burger King? Was there apple juice when you were little? Did you watch "I Dream of Jeannie?" What did you do when you were little? Mom--I mean, dad? Boy, I bet you if mommy ever saw this she'd remarried you. Are you going to remarried Phyllis? Are you going to get remarried? Did mommy ever see this? Wow! That's neat. Can I sit in it? Is that really your chair? Is this really your desk? Wow! It's my name too. Sure. Lots of times. Sure. Sure. See you in the morning light... Ohhh...Ohhhh...Ohhhhh... I love you... Dad? Don't let the bedbugs bite. Good night. Oh... Is mom ever coming back? Are you...gonna go...away? Daddy? I'm sorry... Daddy? I want my...mm...ommy...I want mmmy...mommy... I want my mommy...I want my mommy.. Owwww...You're hurting me... You're hurting me...I hate you ...I hate you... No! I don't care. I hate it. I want pizza. No. Some of the brown stuff is still there. I think I'm going to throw up. I want a pizza. I'm allergic to onions. No I didn't. I hate the brown stuff. It's gross. I hate it. That's okay... That's okay. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You get a new fence. Mom, I mean dad... We use the green and yellow. That's not the right soap. We use the kind in the green and yellow box. Mom, I mean dad... I guess... Can I be excused? I'm not hungry. Mom, I mean dad? Sorry. Okay...Same as usual... Goodbye. You're late. Uh, huh... What if she forgets? Will she pick me up after school? When is mommy coming back? What about my orange juice? You forgot the milk. Wow! French toast, really? When is mommy coming back? The little hand is on the six and the big hand is on the nine. Where is mommy?My, we are a hot shot aren't we? Mis-ter Kramer, it's... ...almost four now. It's the Friday before Christmas. Nobody is going to want to-- There might be something at J. Walter Thompson. But... ...I don't think they're really serious. The position's been open for two months and... They may just be on a fishing expedition. I'm sure you'll be much happier if you wait until after the first-- I understand and I'm absolutely sure something wonderful will turn up.... ...after the first of the year. Mr. Kramer, nobody even thinks about leaving their job until after they get their Christmas bonus. Ummm, hmmm... umm, hmmm... Well, this looks very good.. Of course ... you understand this is the worst time of the year to look for a job.No, counselor, I'm going to over- rule you on this line of questioning. This is an isolated incident, counselor, unless you can prove otherwise. I see. Well, you'll have to do better than that. Do you have any affidavits to support negligence? Are you introducing the question of negligence here, counselor? Sustained. Overruled. Sustained. Overruled. The witness will answer, please.Ted was a good worker. But, ah... ... after his wife left him and he was taking care of the kid on his own, things started to change. Look, I know he had problems, I understand that. I've got problems, everybody's got problems. But I've got a shop to run, I can't let that kind of thing get in the way... I guess I felt that Ted was letting his duties at home interfere with his responsibilities in the office. It was good. He was a hard worker, a lot of drive, a real hustler. Yes... Eight, almost nine years. Disappointing. It only pulled a fourteen share and they were hoping for a twenty-five minimum, and...ah...they're not very happy and...Well, the guys have decided they want to...ah, re-think the entire concept and...Look, I don't like having to do this, okay?... But...I mean, what I mean is...ah, I'm going to have to...ah, let you go-- That's my decision, Ted and that's final. Well, ah...I thought it over and I decided we're doing it Murray's way. Murray had some ideas about the Fire and Ice campaign and he had the art department make up a few roughs... I think they're kind of interesting. Hey, Ted. C'mon in. I wanna' talk to you. Ted, this may sound a little rough, but we've just landed the biggest account in the history of this agency, right? And now it's up to us--that's you and me --to deliver the goods. Ted, you're my main man, and if I can't depend on you a hundred and ten percent, twenty-four hours a day, because you're worried about a kid with a runny nose-- Look, it's none of my business, so you can tell me to butt out, okay? But if you want my advice, you'll send Billy away to stay with relatives for a while. Just until you get yourself straightened out. But...just in case...I mean, just on the off chance she doesn't. What are you going to do about the kid? She'll be back... Look, Ted, I'm the oldest whore on the beat, okay? Three marriages, two divorces...You're gonna be okay. Listen, don't let it get you down. You're going to be fine. Jesus Christ. That's a real blockbuster. I always figured you guys had it made. I mean it Ted, you're running this one. Listen, Ted...I just want to tell you, when old man Schmidt retires next year, I've got a pretty Hey, what's the rush? C'mon, walk me a couple of blocks. Ted, will you take it easy? Revlon's not about to drop an account that represents more than two million in gross billing receipts in a small agency like this, without making us sweat. Now just relax, okay? Everything's gonna be fine.You've got that look. My lady and I split two years ago in August and I'm an old pro at this shit. First thing, stay away from the Children's Zoo. It's pure hell--if I never see another chicken, I'll be happy. I'm here, darling. Don't worry... Tough... ...I get off duty at five-thirty. How long you been divorced? Walk him over to Bethesda Fountain, buy him an ice. It'll kill twenty minutes.Objection! Your honor, counsel is raising a question that is not germane to these proceedings. Objection, your honor! Counsel is harassing the witness. Objection! No further questions. Thank you Mrs. Phillips. Can you recall any particular incident that relates to Mr. Kramer's care of his child? Your honor, I'd like to ask what this model of stability and respectability has ever succeeded at? Mrs. Kramer, were you a failure at the longest, most important personal relationship in your life? Mrs. Kramer, how can you consider yourself a fit mother when you have been a failure at virtually every relationship you have undertaken as an adult? Your honor, I would request a direct answer to a direct question. Does she have a lover? How long do you plan to live in New York, Mrs. Kramer? Were you? Congratulations, Mrs. Kramer. You have just rewritten matrimonial law. You were both divorced, Mrs. Kramer. Oh? What do you call it then --a success? The marriage ended in divorce. So, you were a failure at the longest, most important relationship in your life. How long was that? Would you speak up, Mrs. Kramer? I couldn't hear you. Whom you've seen twice in a year? Mrs. Kramer, your ex-husband, wasn't he the longest personal relationship in your life? Then, we don't really know, do we, when you say "permanently" if you're planning to remain in New York, or even to keep the child for that matter, since you've never really done anything in your life that was continuing, stable, that could be regarded as permanent. Is that...permanent? Do you have a lover now? More than three, less than thirty- three--permanently? How many lovers have you had-- permanently? Well, I can certainly understand why you left him. Did he ever fail to provide for you? Was he unfaithful? A heavy drinker? Would you describe your husband as an alcoholic? Did your husband strike or physically abuse his child in any way? In all that time did your husband ever strike you or abuse you physically in any way. Now then, Mrs. Kramer, you said you were married seven years. Is that correct? It's going to cost. We can appeal, but I can't guarantee anything. Ordered, adjudged and decreed that the petitioner be awarded custody of the minor child, effective Monday the 23rd of January. That the respondent pay for the maintenance and support of said child, four hundred dollars each month. That the father shall have the following rights of visitation: every other weekend, one night each week to be mutually agreed upon and one half of the child's vacation period. That's it. I can't tell you how sorry I am. The judge went for motherhood straight down the line. Mr. Kramer, would you tell the court exactly why you want to retain custody of your child. Do you want the kid or don't you? Look, Ted, I don't honestly think she would go to the trouble of suing you for custody of the child if she was planning on kidnapping him. Good. You've hired yourself a hell of a lawyer, Mr. Kramer. How old is the child? That's if we win. If we lose, you could end up having to pay your wife's court costs as well. First, there's no such thing as an open and shut case. Especially where custody is involved. Got it? Can you describe the relationship between Mr. Kramer and his son? How often do you see Mr. Kramer and his son? Mrs. Phillips, how long have you known Ted Kramer?Then you don't have a choice. Have Billy at the Seventy- Fifth Street entrance to Central Park, Saturday at ten. You ever see her talk to the walls? She's the mother. That means she's within her legal rights. How the hell are you going to do that? Any prospects? Ted? Are you there? Ted, I won't lie to you, we don't have a hope in hell of winning a custody hearing if you're out of work. Ted? They've set the court date. I just heard today...It's... January sixth.Mr. Kramer, there's-- Now, I'd advise you to wait outside. It'll be eas-- Ten. But I'm going to have to take some stitches. Your boy is very lucky, Mr. Kramer. One inch over and it would have caught the eye.On earth. Show. Greatest. Welcome to the greatest show on earth. Ladies and gentlemen...The prospect of losing my child. Not particularly. Doctor, I attempt to conduct my social life discreetly. At the moment I am seeing no one. He's in his room, playing. Oh, yes. Won't you come in. Yes? Your mom knows all about The Face, okay? Don't worry, she'll tell The Face to beat it. Your mom. I'll send your toys there and I'm sure you'll get some new ones. At your mom's. She'll have a bed for you in your own room. What don't you understand, pal? Bigger than a principal. The judge sits in robes in a big chair.. The judge has thought a lot about us, about you and me and your mom, and he has decided... ...he has decided that it would be best for you to live with your mom Joanna in her apartment. And I'm very lucky. Because even though you'll live with your mom Joanna I'll get to see you once a week for dinner and a couple of weekends a month. Because...Well, that's what he does. He's a very powerful man. Billy, sometimes when a mother and a father are divorced, there's a discussion about who the child should live with, the mother or the father. Now there is a man who is very wise. He's called a judge. And a judge has a lot of experience with divorces and he decides who it would be best for the child to live with. No, son, I didn't get fired. I'll tell you what we'll do, okay? How about if we go to a Burger King and then we watch a little T.V. and then we get packed to go to the country tomorrow. Just you and me...How 'bout that? Uh, uh. There was no such a thing as Burger King. Yeah, there was apple juice. Uh, uh...We didn't have television then. I guess about the same kind of things you do. Uh, huh? No, son. Daddy and mommy will never get remarried. No. I don't know. I hadn't thought much about it. No, she never did. Sure. Uh huh... Yep. You like it? Right. See. That's my name. Objection. Objection. You're leading the witness. Billy. This is Dr. Alvarez. She would like to talk to you. Sleep tight. Don't let the bedbugs bite... It's okay, son...I'm here... Just a little more to go... Don't worry, son...I'm here... Yes? See you in the morning light. Sleep tight. Now go to sleep. It's very late. I don't think so. You mean for good? Uh huh? That's okay, pal. Go back to sleep. It's very late. Yeah? Tough shit. You're stuck with me. You're no bargain either, pal. Not on your life. That's it. I've had it with crap around this house. From now on, no more pizza! Get it? Starting right now you can eat real food like a normal human being! Now listen to me, young man. Do you know what I had to go through to put this goddamn food on the goddamn table? Then eat around it. There, okay? Now that's just plain old hamburger. Oh, for God's sake...Here. No. This is fine. Just take a bite, you'll like it fine. You are not allergic of onions. All it is is onions and gravy. You don't hate it. We had Salisbury steak last week and you liked it fine. Salisbury steak. It's just...I've been catching a lot of flack at the office... Look, I'm sorry I yelled, okay? That's terrific. That's really terrific, but I notice I'm the one that's cleaning up this-- Oh, crap, I'll have to do this one over. Je-sus Christ! I catch all kind of shit at the office because I'm not pulling my weight because I'm busting my butt trying to be a decent goddamn father and-- C'mon, Billy. I'm trying to work for God's sake... In a minute... C'mon, there's not much difference-- Uh huh... Sure. Too much birthday cake, right? Yeah? Well, I see the Yankees finally won a game. Billy, don't eat with your fingers. I'm sorry, pal, but I had a meeting and-- You got a letter from mom. I'll call Thelma and remind her, okay? Don't worry. No. If I'm not here, you go home with Thelma and Kim. Soon. I told you before, very soon. Right. One O.J. coming up. That's right. You're absolutely right...It's been a long time since I made French toast. Sure. Didn't I ever tell you French toast was my specialty? I'll bet I never told you that. Now then, the first thing we need is... ... eggs! Right? I'll tell you what, kiddo--why don't I fix us some French toast? Soon. Very soon. Oh, Christ...Ah, yeah...you want to know why mom's not here, right? Huh?...Oh God...What time is it? Either you call and set up the appointment, or I'll call. And if I call, you lose the commission. Call up the people at J. Walter Thompson. Set up an appointment at four. Look, you don't understand. I need a job. I've got a kid and-- What?! What do you mean, I don't understand. Beautiful. No more waiting in Coffee Shops ...I promise. Oh, God...Oh, my God... What? Joanna, what the hell is-- Goddamnit, Joanna. What the-- Okay, I'm here. Now why did you-- I'm not interested, Joanna. Goodbye. Yeah, well he did, didn't he. Joanna, go fuck yourself! Joanna, go be a mother. Get married, have kids. Don't get married, have kids. Do whatever you want. I don't give a damn. Just leave me out of it--and leave my baby out of it. Such as? Joanna, I don't give a-- Are you out of your mind?! You're the one that walked out on him, remember? You want what?! You've been living here, in the city? He is... You sat in that coffee shop across from school-- You have? I can't help but feel somehow... it's my fault. I keep thinking I could've done something-- stopped it... Look at us, Joanna. Just like any old married couple having dinner. Who would believe it. Fine. So do you. Where are you going? Okay, I understand and I promise I won't try and stop you, but you can't just go...Look, come inside and talk...Just for a few minutes. C'mon, Joanna, you don't mean that. You're a terrific mother-- What? What about Billy? I heard you, Joanna. I promise I heard you. I'm listening, Joanna--believe me, I'm listening. My wife is walking out on me after eight years of-- So we've got problems. Everybody's got problems--that's normal-- Now listen, before you do something you'll really regret you'd better stop and think-- Joanna, whatever it is, believe me, I'm sorry. Okay, okay...What is it this time? What did I do now?... That represents a gross billing in excess of two million-- What?! I thought you might just like to know that at five-fifteen this afternoon we were officially handed the Fire and Ice account by Revlon. Are you firing me, Jim? Jim, this is garbage. This isn't anything like what we talked to Revlon about. None of it. You can't-- All right, Jim. You said I was running this show, right? You said no decisions without my approval, right? Well what the hell is this? What's going on, Jim? I don't. Jim, this isn't anything like what we talked about. It's not even close. What the hell is this? 'Night, Jim. Jim, I appreciate what you're saying. I mean it, but I really think Joanna's coming back. I don't know, Jim... I don't know, Jim. This whole thing has happened so...Pow-- like that. I'm going to be okay. The way I see it, Joanna'll come home, it's just a matter of time. Me? I've never been better. I mean having my wife walk out on me after seven years of marriage agrees with me just fine. You want to know the real kicker? The real kicker is, for the first time in my life-- the first time--I feel like a loser. Wow! Jim, I've got to go. I'm already late-- I don't think so, Jim. Maybe I shouldn't have-- But it's not a year from now, is it? And? Yeah? Now in Haskins vs. Haskins the court ruled in favor of the mother, thus establishing a precedent for awarding the child to the mother even though she previously abandoned the baby. But it doesn't work that way. A major decision was handed down by the Appellate Court in 1969--in the case of Haskins vs. Haskins. So, naturally, you assume that since Joanna left, that would be a compelling point against her, right? I don't want to hear another word against him. Not another word. He's a wonderful man ...a wonderful man... No. No, I don't believe it. Jim O'Connor would never let anything like that happen. He gave me my shot in this business. If it wasn't for Jim O'Connor I'd be--I don't know where I'd be. He's a wonderful man... So...what's so terrible about that? How should I know? I don't believe you. I can't. I've got Billy to take care of. What?!? Okay, Phyllis, what's up? Do you? And? Mmmmnph...I'll get you a cab... Yes, what? Hiya, Phyllis. These are the Revlon contracts. I thought you ought to check them out. Three months. How can you tell? I've got a lot more than twenty minutes to kill. What? Fine. No. Uh, uh. Tell him I asked for it Friday. I want it Friday. Period. I know....I know. Don't worry. I'll get the money. I'll take my chances. What if I fight it? Oh, no.. I lost him? I lost him? Oh, Christ! When Joanna-- my ex-wife--when she was talking before about how unhappy she was during our marriage...Well, I guess most of what she said was probably true. There were a lot of things I didn't understand-- a lot of things I would do different if I could. Just like I guess there are a lot of things Joanna wishes she could change...But we can't. Some things, once they are done, can't be undone. Joanna says she loves Billy. I believe she does. So do I. But the way it was explained to me, that's not the issue. The only thing that's supposed to matter here is what's best for Billy...When Joanna said why shouldn't a woman have the same ambitions as a man, I suppose she's right. But by the same token what law is it that says a woman is a better parent simply by virtue of her sex? I guess I've had to think a lot about whatever it is that makes somebody a good parent: Jesus Christ. Did you have to be so rough on her? I don't know, John...I mean, to be brutally honest, I'm not so sure what kind of mental shape Joanna's in right now. Y'know she admitted she was seeing a shrink. Six. Fine. Look, she walked out on her own child, right? That's desertion, right? Mr. Shaunessy, I'm telling you it's an open and shut case. No, but-- John, what if she kidnaps him. What?! She wants what?! I don't know. Don't worry. I plan to have something within twenty-four hours, John. Yeah. Good Christ, Joanna, just get the hell out of my life. John? Oh, Christ.. .John, there's some- thing I ought to tell you. My... ah, situation has...changed. I lost my job. Fuck you. He's my son. I'm staying with him. No. How many? Please, Thel... Please go away, Thel...I...I just have to be by myself for a little while... Hey, that's terrific. You and Charley? Uh, huh... Any day. I thought about it a lot and you're the only person I know that I trust with him. I mean, if anything happened to me, he'd be okay with you. You're a good mother. Thel, listen to me. If, on the million to one shot that I should-- That anything should happen to me. Would you take care of Billy? I didn't say I'm going to die, but if I should-- Thelma, if I die-- I don't mean a little favor. mean a big F favor. He's okay...Thel, can I ask you a favor? What d'you tell her? She ever ask about me? California? Thel, you ever hear from Joanna? C'mon, Thel. So Charley had a little fling. So what? All in all he was a pretty good husband. D'you think you and Charley'll ever get back together again? How many onions does it say to use? You ever think about getting married again? Slow down...Slow down... Wait a minute! Wait a minute! I'm sure. I understand. Got it. Thelma, I've lost my wife, I'm not losing my child. I'm gonna keep him, why? I don't know, Thel...This whole thing has happened so...Pow, like that. I'd like to know what the hell kind of courage it takes to walk out on your husband and your child? Y'know something Thelma--you are the typhoid Mary of divorce. I mean it. Joanna and I never had any trouble until you and Charley split up. Boy, you guys are really something, y'know? I'd like to know one thing, okay--just one little thing. Did you tell Joanna she should leave me? Then how come she never said anything like that to me? Joanna said that? Two. She is getting to be a real hermit or recluse or whatever it is you call it. Thelma, do you know where I could be in this business if I had a wife that entertained or went out socially-- Did it ever occur to you guys that Joanna Kramer's not the easiest person in the world to live with?! Did it?! For one thing she's always thirty minutes late. You can set your watch by it-- Listen, Joanna Kramer's got a goddamn good life. She's got a husband that loves her. She's got a terrific kid. She's got a wonderful home-- Things? What kind of things? Hostile? Me? Thelma, I'm not hostile. I am anything but hostile. But if you want to know what I am. I'll tell you what I am. What I am is, I am hurt. I am very hurt. And I just want to know one thing, okay? Just one thing ...Why? That's all I want to know...Why? Yeah, she said it wasn't any use talking anymore. I walk in the house and before I can say "How are you?", "Did you have a nice day?" before I can say anything. Pow she's out the door. I came home tonight. We just got the Fire and Ice account at the agency. Do you know what that means?! Do you understand what that means? It means that it was maybe one of the five best days in my whole life. All right, Thelma, you want to know what's going on? I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you exactly what's going on. Ha! You tell me. Don't play innocent with me, Thelma. You know perfectly well what's going on. All right, Thelma...That's it. I've had it. You can call your good friend Joanna Kramer and tell her enough is enough, okay? I mean, I don't know what I did, but you can tell her she's made her point.