Tractor beam strength lessening, Captain. They reach final position in... Twenty-seven minutes -- mark. Sir! Airlock four has been opened; a thruster suit is reported missing! Deck four, Captain; Officers' Quarters...! It is a courier, Captain. Grade One priority. Non-belligerency confirmed. Departure angle.And when V'ger melds? What will happen to you? It expects a return signal now, ordering it to transmit that information to the Creator. V'ger is announcing that it has arrived, sir -- that it's ready to deliver the information it was programmed to collect... To join, and become One with the Creator? A machine...! Then it had to be programmed. By whom ...? You said V'ger's purpose was to find and join with the Creator. Does V'ger object to the presence of the two carbon units? Within you are memory patterns of a carbon unit. If I can help you revive these patterns; you could understand our functions better. What does that mean? Enterprise would be unable to function without carbon units. What is Enterprise's proper evolvement? Yes. The crews of the previous Enterprises were also carbon units. In what way is the life form in your vessel different? And plug the signal directly into the circuitry at this... ... point here, Captain. It should pick up even a tricorder playback. The fault is here, sir, not in the transmission. The antenna leads have been disconnected. V'ger never intended to accept a transmitted signal. Captain... I'd like to go along... Captain, we can't be sure that our... move... will actually save Earth. I'm afraid our hand is pretty weak, Captain. But it's the only game in town. Captain, what's the next move? Why bring us inside? Not to destroy us; they could have done that outside. The ship is under attack...! Man all defensive stations...! It's taken control of the computer...! You asked my opinion, sir. That's precisely the point, Captain. We don't know it will do. Moving into the cloud -- at this time, is an unwarranted gamble. I advise caution, Captain; we can't withstand another attack. Captain, we've seen what their weapons can do. Shouldn't we take every possible precaution -- ? Recommend defensive posture, Captain: Screens and shields. Of course not. I'm aware of Mister Spock's qualifications. Yes, sir, I'll do that. Sir, you haven't logged a single star hour in two and a half years. That, plus your unfamiliarity with the ship's design -- in my opinion, sir, seriously jeopardizes our mission. Permission to speak freely, sir? I'm aware of that, sir. Thank you, sir. I'm sorry I embar- rassed you. Sir, the Enterprise redesign increases phaser power by channeling it through the main engines. When they went into anti-matter imbalance, the phasers were automatically cut off. ... but I still recommend further simulation study. Program set for standard Warp entry, Captain... None available, Captain. There's no one in fact, who's fully rated on this design. No, Admiral. I don't think you are; not one damned bit. I remember when you recommended me for this command. You told me how envious you were, and if only you could find a way to get a starship command again. Well, sir, it looks like you found a way. Admiral, this is an almost totally new enterprise. You don't know her a tenth as well as I do. May I ask Why? -- You, personally, are assuming command? You are what...? You got the Enterprise, it's what you wanted. This is what I want. But, Jim... ... I'm the right choice for this mission. We have twenty-one minutes. Captain, we can still save V'ger... and ourselves. Mr. Spock, what would V'ger need to fulfill itself? Forward motion, Captain...! It seems we all imagine God in our own image. That probe in there -- in a different form now -- is the same thing that killed Ilia! It's a programmed mechanism , Mr. Spock... We could have cut it off at the main computer... They may have attacked only as a warning to us, Captain. To keep away. If I'd seen you again, would you have been able to say it? No more than I expected Not as difficult as this. I'm sorry... Wormhole distortion has over- loaded main power systems...! Negative control from inertial lag will continue 22 point five seconds before forward velocity slows to sub-light speed. I now the Captain meant no person- al insult. Hello, Ilia.No. That you left? or that you didn't say 'goodbye'? Was he difficult? Navigational deflectors inoperative...! Directional control also inoperative, Captain...! Unidentified small object has been pulled into the wormhole with us, Captain! Directly ahead...! I would never take advantage of a sexually immature species. You can assure him that's true, can't you? Decker....! Fifteen seconds to Cloud Boundary. Thirty seconds to Cloud boundary... Ten seconds.... Impact in fifteen seconds... Five minutes to Cloud boundary! Twelve seconds...! My oath of celibacy is on record Captain. May I assume my duties? 'Commander' Decker? Lieutenant Ilia reporting for duty, sir.We will answer and present proof of our answer when it is ready! Our data is being prepared. Then V'ger must withdraw its orbiting devices. The information will not be disclosed. Because V'ger is going to destroy all the carbon units on the third planet. Not until V'ger withdraws the devices orbiting the third planet. The carbon-units are not responsible for that. Why ?! Why ...?! The examination is a normal function. Who is V'ger? Find the Creator? What Creator? Whose ...!? What does V'ger want of the 'Creator'... ? Why does V'ger travel to the third planet of the solar system directly ahead? Where is Lt. Ilia? Is V'ger the Captain of the alien vessel? Who is...'V'ger'...? Mr. Scott... on my next signal. Engineering... Mr. Chekov, when do those devices activate? Spock...! Get a fix on his position! Have a security team meet me at Deck Four main elevator! Very well, Mr. Chekov, see to it. Viewer off. Departure angle on viewer. Enterprise, I want that signal again. Transmit! Capture God! In order to retrieve V'ger's data, the Creator has to physically come here!... Mr. Decker... I will contact you every five minutes. Otherwise... inform Mr. Scott immediately. No! , if we do not provide V'ger with certain information, we won't have twenty-two seconds ; the plan must be implemented upon arrival. Well, Mr. Decker, it seems my bluff is being called. The question is, Mr. Decker, is there a next move... They could have many ways of destroying things, Mr. Decker. Forcefields, full remaining strength...! Total reserve! It's running our records! Starfleet strength, Earth defenses... Computer off ! How do you define unwarranted , mister ?! That thing is twenty hours from Earth. We know nothing about it yet. Mr Decker.... No... ... that could also be misinter- preted as hostile, Mr. Decker. Cloud composition, Mr. Spock? Mister Chekov, log Mister Spock's Starfleet commission reactivated; list him as Science Officer; both effective immediately. If our Executive Officer has no objections...? I trust you will... nursemaid me through these difficulties, Mister? Granted. Stop competing with me, Decker! You saved the ship. Then you acted properly, of course. Explanation, Mr. Decker: Why was my phaser order countermanded? Mister Decker; every minute brings that object nearer Earth! Engineering! Stand by for Warp Drive. Programming ready? You are, Mister Decker. I'm afraid you'll have to double as Science Officer. We'll have to replace Commander Sonak. I'd still like a Vulcan there, if possible... That's why you're staying aboard. I'm sorry, Will. My experience -- five years out there dealing with unknowns like this -- my familiarity with the Enterprise, this crew... Yes. You'll stay aboard as Executive Officer... a temporary grade reduction to Commander. I'm replacing you as Captain of the Enterprise. I'm taking over the Center seat. I'm sorry, Will. Viewer, standard ahead. Opinion, Mister. Spock? Transmit, Mr. Spock! Now! Mr. Spock? I stand corrected Mr. Decker. Navigator, lay in a conic section flight path into the cloud center; bring us parallel to whatever we find in there... Mr. Chekov, stand by on the phasers...! Time to impact...? And in you, too, Lieutenant. Our Exec and Science Officer... Welcome aboard, Lieutenant. That was the order, Mr. Sulu: Clear the bridge. Hold station...! Maneuvering thrusters, Mr. Sulu; ahead one third. Full sensor scan, Mr. Spock; they can't expect us not to look them over now! Viewer ahead. Hold relative position here... Adjust parallel course, Navigator. Bring us in to one hundred kilometers distance. Reduce magnification. Factor 4, Mr. Sulu. Mr. Sulu, steady as she goes. Ahead Warp One, Mr Sulu. Hold station. Maneuvering thrusters, Mister Sulu. I appreciate the welcome; I wish the circumstances were less critical. Epsilon Nine is monitoring the intruder; keep a channel open to them. Where is Captain Decker? Starfleet, boost your matter gain; we need more signal! Two and a half years as Chief of Starfleet Operations may have made me a little stale, Mr. Scott -- but I wouldn't exactly consider myself 'untried.' Mr. Scott, there's an alien object with unbelievable destructive power less than three days away from this planet... See that it is. Take me over, please. Why aren't the Enterprise transporters in operation, Mister Scott? ... and the 'foolish' emotions which drive us? Spock, we were its answer! There's no way to know. V'ger expected it to be a machine -- some single entity. All of us here may be reduced into patterns... V'ger plans to literally meld to reduce both itself and the Creator to patterns... The point... There is no alternative. Not for us? The orbiting devices would be controlled from the point, then...? Child...!? High mag, Mr. Sulu! What answers? What should you have known? Were you right? Spock? V'ger is a living machine...? If this is their ship's data banks, where is the crew? Or is their entire ship automated? Klingons... our Epsilon 9 station ... and Ilia!! They seem to be more than just images... And these 'sensor-swarms' collect that data, carry it here. Answers to what, Spock? Our dilemma -- or your personal one? Bridge, cancel rescue teams. Spock, what in the hell are you doing out here! Spock? Concerned about his chances? Ilia's memory, her feelings of loyalty, friendship, obedience... might all be there. They had a pattern to follow... Have you been able to analyze any of this...? Delay that order, Scotty...! Disengage all main drive systems! Get someone up here to take the Navigator's station...! Engineering... full emergency power! Transmit image of the Alien to Starfleet; advise we are attempting further communication. No vessel could generate a powerfield of this magnitude... Mr. Decker... ? But they understood our messages; they broke off the attack. Our... 'insignificance'? Any reply from them? Communicated with us how ? Mr. Decker, I will not provoke an attack, If that order isn't clear to you... Do not return scan, Mr. Spock! It may be misinterpreted as hostility! I know this has been painful, Spock. For me too. Thank you. Let it drop, Bones. You are my Science Officer -- I'll expect an immediate report on anything further you learn or sense from here on. And whatever you sensed out here.... Also -- there was nothing in your report about why you're here. You've reported that you felt strong thought emotions. A group of minds from a space vessel? Could you make out any plan, anything to do with Earth? I want him here. Sit down! Sit down, please. I intend to be there following that meeting. Report to me. One hour! Twelve! I'm on my way to a meeting with Admiral Nogura which will not last more than three minutes. Report to me on the Enterprise in one hour. Here at Starfleet...? The Enterprise is in final preparation to leave dock... Why aren't you on board? You've received your appointment as Enterprise Science Officer? Thank you, Scotty. Stand by. Engineering... Status, Mr. Scott? That object out there is less than two days from Earth, Mister Scott. We've got to intercept while it still is out there! Warp Drive as soon as possible, Mr. Scott. Engineer, we need Warp speed now!We're losing the pattern...! The crew hasn't had near enough transition time with all the new equipment. And the engines, Admiral: they've yet to be even tested at warp power. Add to that, an untried Captain... Admiral, the Enterprise has just finished eighteen months redesign- ing and refitting. She needs testing, a shakedown... We're hoping it's only a temporary problem, Admiral... Admiral, I've been hoping to see you. Maybe you can get through to those thick heads in Starfleet that...We're ready, sir. Aye, we understand that sir! We're doing our best. Captain, it was our anti-matter imbalance that created the wormhole in the first place. It will happen again if we don't correct it. Captain, we need further Warp simulation on the flow sensors...To you, sir? Which will require twenty more hours at minimum, Admiral... Captain Decker requested I complete final Science briefing here before... Based, I am told, on your recommendation, Admiral. Thank you.Jim... he wants it. That transmitter is a vital link between V'ger and the Creator. V'ger has begun to understand the true limits of our universe, thereby realizing the existence of other dimensions. To fulfill itself it must evolve to a higher dimension; V'ger believes this can be achieved only by joining with the Creator. A tractor beam... Then V'ger believes the Creator to be a machine too. Exactly. And you did have a 'relationship' with Lieutenant Ilia, Commander. We have just seen that its body duplicates our navigator in precise detail. Suppose that beneath its programming, the real Ilia's memory patterns are duplicated with equal precision. Captain... this probe may be a key a key to the Aliens. This served the purpose. That would presuppose a feeling, Commander... compassion. I sensed no emotion, only... ... pure logic. I prefer your poet Dante's phrase -- 'the divine restlessness of the human spirit.' Yes, Captain. It needed our mortality, the fear of it, our struggle against it, our fears, our dreams... That seems to be what it has planned -- to have the Creator physically present here. ... and then to reassemble itself combined with the Creator. The most certain way of obtaining all the Creator's answers. The point is, Captain, twenty-two Captain, the orbital device will not be triggered for twenty-two minutes... Has not, Doctor -- and now, because of what we are planning... will not... No, Captain, not for us... for V'ger. Precisely. Yes, Captain, a child: evolving into adulthood -- learning, searching -- instinctively needing. These read as identical composition... ... however, Captain, they measure several hundred times more powerful! 'Is this all I am? Is there not more?' No meaning... No hope... And, Jim, no answers...! Jim, it's looking for answers itself ! A life form of its own; a conscious, living entity. Captain, I do not believe there is a crew -- or that this is a vessel as such. Exact patterns. The energy bolt that hit them wasn't simply a weapon -- it dematerialized them, stored them. But why? New crystals: they must contain the most recent data obtained -- It would appear that the atomic arrays of these crystals store information. A remarkably efficient system. I am seeking answers, Captain. I am uneasy with that being our only hope of more information. ... they may have followed it too precisely. I believe the light flares to be energy fields -- undoubtedly part of the vessel's inner mechanism. A technology so incredibly sophisticated that I cannot -- We cannot break free, Captain. We do not have a fraction of the power necessary. Captain, we have been seized by a tractor beam...! That vessel is generating a forcefield measurably greater than the radiation of the Earth's sun. Instruments fluctuating, Captain. Patterns unrecognizable. Recommend we proceede, Captain. We are obviously confronted by a highly advanced mentality... yet they cannot understand who we are, or what we want. The 'puzzlement' I sensed was fleeting... minor... ... as if carrying a sense of our insignificance, Captain. It appears that our message has been understood, Captain. They have... they have been communicating with us. I sense ... puzzlement . Why have we not replied? Captain, I suspect there's an object at the heart of that cloud. Intruder scans emanate from the exact cloud center. Energy of a type entirely un- known to me. I have accepted service here as a Starfleet officer... sir. ... is my only hope of accomplishing what the Masters could not. I still contain fragments of my human half. That inquiry invades my personal life, Captain. Negative, Captain. I could sense only what seemed an almost omniscient pattern of perfect logic. I can explain nothing more; I understand nothing more. Sir, I would appreciate Dr. McCoy absenting himself from this interview. Reporting as ordered, Captain.