It's gorgeous!  Am I really gonna have my own room?  Yaay! Is that a swing?  Yes, but the rope might be--  Yaay!  Louis, the house is beautiful.  The Master of Disaster awakes.  Come on--let's parole 'em.  Decided to wake up and see what home looks like, huh?  Wh--  Hurrts! It hurrrrts!  Gage's gone!  Gage! He was headed for the road, looked like. I corralled him for you, missus.  Thank you. Thank you so much.  Jud Crandall. I live just across the road.  I'm Rachel. Thanks again for saving the wandering minstrel boy, here.  No harm, no foul. But you want to watch out for that road. Those damn trucks go back and forth all day and most of the night.  Who might you be, little Miss?  I'm Ellen Creed and I live at 642 Alden Lane, Dearborn, Michigan. (Pause) At least, I used to.  And now you live on Route 9 in Ludlow, and your dad's gonna be the new doctor up to the college, I hear, and I think you're going to be just as happy as a clam here, Ellen Creed. Are clams really happy?  Excuse me, Mr. Crandall--I've got to change this kid. It's nice to meet you.  Same here. Come over and visit when you get the chance. Daddy, do I really have to have the stingy stuff?  Yayyy! I guess your daughter there ain't going to die after all. I guess not.  House has stood empty for too long. It's damn good to see people in it again.  Movin' in's mighty thirsty work. I usually sit out on my porch of an evening and pour a couple of beers over m'dinner. Come on over and join me, if you want.  Yes--I know. This path, Louis? Where does it go?  Oh, ayuh! I know. It's a good story, and a good walk, too. I'll take you up there sometime, and tell you the story, too-- after you get settled in.  You're not really going over to have a beer with that old guy, are you?  ---and you'll end up doing a free consultation on his arthritis or urinary problems and---  Well, come on up and have a beer.  You need a glass?  Good for you.  Ain't it just? The man who invented beer, Louis, that man was having a prime day for himself.  Allman Brothers.  The Eat A Peach album. God, they were good before drugs and bad luck caught up with them. Listen to this, Louis.  I'm sorry. Wait.  Try that.  I like rock and roll. No...I guess that's too mild. I love it. Since my ears started to die out on me, it's the only music I can really hear. And since my wife died...I dunno, some- times a little rock and roll fills up night. Not always, but sometimes. (Pause) One more time--welcome to Ludlow. Hope your time here will be a happy one. Thank you, Mr. Crandall.  That road--and those Orinco trucks-- are the two main reasons it's there.  Take a look behind you.  It's beautiful!  You folks ready to go on?  But where are we going, Mr. Crandall?  You'll see soon enough, hon.  Nope. The Micmac Indians. What's up ahead is all that's left of their tribal lands. Micmac, Ricmac, Kickmac, Sickmac. Ayuh, it's a funny word, ain't it? You tired of totin' that yowwen yet, doc?  Aw, you'll be okay. Less than a mile.  What's it say, mommy?  It says Pet Cemetery, hon. It's misspelled, but...that's what it says.  Ellen--!  I told you it was a bad road, Louis--it's killed a lot of pets and made a lot of kids unhappy. But at least something good come of it. This place. Mom! Dad! Y'oughtta see it!  How can you call it a good thing? A graveyard for pets killed in the road! Built and maintained by broken- hearted children!  Well, but Missus Creed! It ain't quite that way, deah!  Extraordinarily morbid, maybe.  Well...they have to learn about death somehow, now don't they, Missus Creed? The little ones? Why?  Well...well, because-- Mommy! Daddy! Look at me!  It's okay, Mr. Crandall--  Well, I thought it was safe--  Best never to go climbing on old blowdowns like this, Ellie--sometimes they bite.  Bite?  Ayuh.  I want to look around, daddy-- may I?  Ayuh--they get older as you go toward the middle. (Points) Pete LaVasseur's dog is buried there... (points) the Stoppard boys' racing pigeon that Missus Cowley's cat  got...and I think that's the cat  himself right there, although it's been so many years I can't tell for sure. Missy Ellen! Come over here just a  minute!  I see you're quite a reader for such a little girl. Can you read that?  "Spot a good fellow we love you boy." (Pause) "Owned by Judson...Judson..." Gee, I can't read the rest.  Last name's Crandall, little missy.  That's where I buried my dog Spot when he died of old age in 19 and 14. Dug it good and deep. By the time I finished, I had blisters all over my hands and a hell of a crick in my back. Soil's stony up here.  Do you know what this place is, Ellie? Oh, I know you know it's a boneyard, but a bone ain't nothing and even a whole pile of 'em don't amount to much. Do you know what a graveyard really is?  Well...I guess not.  It's a place where the dead speak, Missy.  No--not right out loud. Their stones speak...or their markers. Even if the  marker ain't nothing but a tin can someone wrote on with a Magic Marker, it speaks. Ain't that so, Louis?  What if you can't read what's written on there anymore?  Well, it still says some animal got laid down here after, don't it?  Yes--  To remember. Yes. To remember. This ain't a scary place, Ellie. It's a place of rest and speaking. Can you remember that? Yes, sir.  Mommy! This is a place where dead animals talk! Mr. Crandall said so!  Me neither. But I believe in knowing your enemy.  Daddy, that Pet Sematary is there because of the road, isn't it?  That's what I think. I heard Missy Dandridge tell Mom when Church was fixed he wouldn't cross the road so much.  In the end he's gonna croak, isn't he?  It doesn't seem long to me. It seems short. I think the whole thing about pets dying s-s-sucks!  She's finally asleep.  It was that place. That creepy cemetery up in the woods. Whatever disease the kids in this town have got, I don't want Ellie to catch it.  Do you think I didn't hear her tonight, crying as if her heart would break? Here she is thinking Church is going to die.  Yee-uck! Gross!  I don't want him to get his nuts cut, daddy! What if he dies?  Missy Dandridge. And she says it's a operation!  Honey, Church will be fine.  But what if he dies and has to go to the Pet Sematary?  Don't be silly. Church is not going to die.  That's enough of that kind of talk!  I know what you just said. Ellie, clear your place. I'm scared. What if school here isn't like in Chicago! I'm scared and I want to go h-h-home!  You'll be fine, Ellie. Now you can be excused. Go and wash your face.  Don't shilly-shally, Louis. Give the little girl her promise. Church will be fine. I promise.  Yayyyy!  Thank you, Louis.  Have a great day!  Gonna get his--  Don't mention it. How's that belly-ache of yours? No better and no worse.  It'll pass. They always do.  Thank God. I was a little worried there. Have a great first day at school, doc. No broken bones. Not so much as a sprain.  Vic! Vic! Oh Christ! Vic! Get her out. Get them all out. No! No! He can't die! He can't die!  I got eggs down here!  Did you tell me Rachel took the kids back to Chicago for a few days?  Well, there's a dead cat over here on the edge of my lawn, Louis. I think it might be your daughter's.  I'm sorry. At least it don't look like he suffered.  Loved that cat pretty well, didn't she?  You going to bury him in the Pet Sematary? I guess that's what it's there for, huh?  Going to tell Ellie?  Seems like you told me about a promise you made--  Cat's just as dead, Louis. Well that's a big help! (Pause) I'm sorry, Jud.  No need to apologize.  It's going to be dark before we even get where we're going, Louis. But we can do it...and we're going to.  Does she love the cat?  Then come on.  What say, Louis?  We're still not where we're going.  The place we're going is on the other side of that.  No. We won't. I have climbed it a time or two before, and I know all the places to step. Just follow me...move easy...don't look down...and don't stop. If you stop, you'll crash through for sure.  Give me the cat. I'll take care of it myself.  Just don't stop and--  Louis! You all right? Sure. I guess I just lost my happy  thoughts for a second there. I shouldn't have stopped...and it does bite.  No, you shouldn't have stopped. But you got away with it. Important thing is are you sure you're all right?  You'll see before long. Let's go.  This next bit's like the deadfall, Louis-- you got to walk steady and easy. Just follow me and don't look down.  Micmacs used to call it Little God Swamp.  Ayuh. Are there ghosts?  Ayuh.  There's a lot of funny things down this way, Louis.  Just don't stop, Louis. You don't ever want to stop down here in Little God. (Pause) And you don't ever want to look behind you, whatever you hear.  Almost there, Louis.  This time I mean it.  This was their burying ground, Louis.  The Micmac Indians. I brought you here to bury Ellen's cat.  I had my reasons, Louis. We'll talk later. All right?  You want to rest a bit before you start?  Soil's thin, all right. But you'll manage.  I'm going to sit over yonder and have a smoke. I'd help you, but you've got to do it yourself. Each buries his own. That's how it was done then.  Your cairn.  Don't worry about that.  Because it's right.  That's fine. You did real good.  When you talk to 'em, not one word about what we done tonight. 'S'far's you know, the cat's still fine.  You'll understand. In the meantime, keep your peace. What we did, Louis, was a secret thing. Women are supposed to be the ones who are good at keeping secrets, but any woman who knows anything at all would tell you she's never seen into a man's heart. The soil of a man's heart is stonier, Louis--like the soil up there in the old Micmac burying ground. A man grows what he can...and tends it.  No buts! Accept what's done, Louis. What we done was right. Another time it might not be, but tonight it was... at least I hope to Christ it was. Now you make your call...but not a word about tonight.  Fine...except when Mom was airing Gage's diaper rash, he walked away and got into Grampa's study and pooped in Grampa's favorite chair. Way to go, Gage! What?  ...and a Garfield radio! How's Church, dad? Does he miss me?  Well, make sure you put him down cellar before you go to bed so he can't run out in the road and get greased. And kiss him goodnight for me. Yuck! Kiss your own cat!  Want to talk to Gage?  I most generally don't start before noon, but this looks like an exception.  Why, saved a little girl from being unhappy...that's all. Drink up, Louis!  Wouldn't wash?  Ayuh. It was the rag-man told me about the place--Stanley Bouchard. Us kids just called him Stanny B. He was half Micmac himself.  I guess it wouldn't hurt.  The Micmacs used to bury their dead up there long before the whites came.  They buried their dead and for a long time their dead stayed buried. Then something happened. Half the tribe died in a season. The rest moved on. They said a Wendigo had soured the ground.  Spirit of the north country. Not a good spirit. Wendigos are great liars and tricksters, according to the stories.  And if one touches you...  Maybe it really was a Wendigo-- I ain't the one to say it wasn't-- or maybe it was just some disease. Whatever the reason, those that were left moved on. But they left that place...the way it is now.  Stanny B. did for me what I did for you last night, Louis. Only I wasn't alone when Spot came back.  Well, she was a little upset at first, and that's why I thought you ought to hold your peace when you talked to your people last night...you did, didn't you, Louis?  Why, then, things should be fine.  She got used to the idea. Spot lived another four years. He died peacefully in the night that second time, and I buried him in the Pet Sematary...where his bones still lie.  A man doesn't always know why he does things, Louis. I think I did it because your daughter ain't ready for her favorite pet to die.  Ellie's a little scared of death. And the main reason Ellie's that way is because your wife is a lot scared of death. Now you just go ahead and tell me I'm wrong.  Don't shilly-shally, Louis. Give the little girl her promise.  Daddy!  Daddy, is Church all right?  Cause I had a bad dream about him. I dreamed he got hit by a car and you and Mr. Crandall buried him in the Pet Sematary. That was a silly dream, wasn't it?  Is he really all right?  Because you promised.  Want to take your son, doc?  Yes--you have to take them to someone who grooms animals, though. I think it's pretty expensive. I don't care. I'll save up my allowance and pay for it. Church smells bad.  I hate that smell.  They're all turning on their lights! Daddy, why are they all turning on their lights in the middle of the day?  They do it to honor the dead, Ellen.  Is that right, dad?  Rachel not feeling well?  She's in bed. She was throwing up. Ever since Mrs. Rogers called and said Missy--  Out of the mouths of babes, Louis.  Poor Missy. God, I was sorry to hear. I remember when she was no older'n Ellen there, walking down to the store with her Raggedy Anne doll draggin' behind her in the dust. I don't know why God takes someone like her, who should have a bunch of years still in front of them, and lets an old shit like me just go on and on.  Ayuh...how is your cat, Louis?  Nope. He's your cat now.  No more chocolate chip cookies.  Missy made the best chocolate chip cookies in the world--even Mom said so. Now there won't be any more because she's gonna be dead forever!  Daddy, do you think Missy Dandridge went to heaven?  At school Michael McDowell said she was gonna fry in hell. Michael McDowell says all sewersides fry in hell.  I won't...is Missy in heaven, do you think?  Sure, carnation. Like in that movie you rented, Audrey Rose.  Do you believe that?  You believe in it.  I don't get it.  Yeah, sure.  I'm not tired!  Then why do I have to go to bed?  I heard you tonight.  That's not true. The subject scares me. Because of Zelda.  Sometimes you're so good with her, Louis--so straight with her--that you make me ashamed of myself.  I'm sorry I couldn't go with you to Missy's funeral. And that I blew up when we went to that silly animal graveyard.  Not by me, it isn't. I know how badly I acted, how unfair I was. It's just that I..you know.  I'm going to try to do better.  Louis! Daddy! Stop it! STOP IT!  Stop them. Right now.  I want to fly it! Can I fly it now, mommy!  In a minute, hon. Let Gage finish his turn.  It got away from him! That numb shit! Ellen Creed!  Don't let him go in the road, Louis! Get him, Louis!  Your father-in-law packs a wallop, for an old guy. He and his wife gone back to Chicago?  Louis--  What you got there, Ellie? Why that's real nice...you pullin' him on a sled. Bet he liked that, didn't he? I used to pull 'im a lot.  I'm going to carry this picture, Mr. Crandall, until God lets Gage come back.  Ellie...God doesn't do things like that. I know you loved y'brother, but--  He can if He wants to. He can do anything, just like Inspector Gadget on TV. But I have to keep things ready for him, that's what I think. I've got his picture and I'm going to sit in his chair--  And I'm going to eat his breakfast cereal, too, even though it tastes like boogers. And...and...  Louis, take care of your little girl...she needs you.  G'night daddy.  God could take it back if He wanted to, couldn't He? If He really, really wanted to? Can I have faith in that?  I got you a fresh beer out of the fridge, Louis.  You're thinking of things best not thought of, Louis.  You never asked me if anyone had buried a person up there in the Micmac burying ground--  --but I think the thought has crossed your mind.  Ayuh--it's a mess, all right.  I know the Micmacs thought it was a holy place...and then they thought it was a cursed place. That's why they moved on.  And because the dead walked.  Oh, ayuh. It's been done. What you've been thinking of has been done.  Why...that sometimes dead is better. That's all. Sometimes dead is better. Tell that to my wife and little girl.  It ain't your wife and little girl that's got me worried, Louis.  Come on.  I heard your boy was killed down Georgia. That was a mistake!  Bill, this ain't right--you can see that yourself--  God help you, Bill.  Get out, Billy--the place is going up.  Oh Louis, I just don't know about this--  Louis, are you sure?  I don't want to go to Chicago, Gramma Dory.  Why not, darling?  I had a bad dream last night. A nightmare. About what?  About Daddy. (Pause) And Gage.  And someone named Paxcow.  Come with us, daddy. Please come with us!  Do you swear?  Paxcow says it's almost too late!  Ellie...Ellie...what...  Paxcow says it's almost too late! We have to go back! Paxcow says it's almost too late!  Paxcow says Daddy's going to do something really bad. He--  Who is this Paxcow? Is he like the boogeyman?  He's a ghost. But he's a good ghost.  There are no ghosts, Ellie. I want you to go to sleep and forget all this nonsense.  Will you at least call and make sure daddy's okay?  Of course I will.  Now will you try to go to sleep? Yes, Mom.  Pascow? Was she saying Pascow?  He's not home.  Why, he probably went out for a hamburger or a chicken dinner, dear. You know how men are when they're alone.  It's Rachel Creed, Jud. I'm calling from Chicago. Chicago! Is Louis with you?  No...we're going to be here awhile, and he wanted a few days to wind up our affairs there. I just wondered if he was with you.  No--but if he drops by, I'll tell him to call you.  Jud, do you remember the name of the student that died on Louis's first day at work? The one that was hit by a car? I don't--  Was it Pascow?  Ayuh, I think 'twas. If I see Louis come home before I go to bed, I'll tell him to--  Don't bother. I'm coming home. Rachel!  Thank you, Jud. Goodbye.  No! Rachel! Don't do that! Rachel--!  Rachel...darling...you're upset... a night's sleep...  I have to go. The connections are  tight, and I have to be at O'Hare in  forty minutes. Will you drive me, daddy?  Yes.  Please hurry.  I will. Come and kiss me.  You done it, you stupid old man... now you got to undo it.  I have to.  Make it come back!  I can't--  I'll take it.  Now what?  Is anyone there?  Thank you.  Can't you go any faster?  I understand. It's just that--  Thank you. If you only understood how important this is--  Come on, stop playing games!  Gage? (Pause) Are you the one playing games?  Gage? Come on out.  I want to show you something.  Thank you so much.  Who--  Church! Mummy, I need you!  Gage? Gage?  