Acidalia Planitia... Security? This is Mindy Park in SatCon. I need the emergency contact number for Dr. Kapoor. Yes, him. Yes it's an Oh you have GOT to be SHITTING ME -- Do you understand the shitstorm that's about to hit us? Why don't we talk to Lewis? Let's go to CAPCOM and ask her directly right now. What? How can you not tell them? They already think he's dead. You're on board with this? We have twenty-four hours before we're required to release the pics. "Dear America. Remember that astronaut we thought we killed and had a nice funeral for? Turns out he's alive and we left him on Mars. Our bad. Sincerely, They'll be happy to hear their son's alive, at least. Don't say "Bring him home alive." It reminds the world he might die. You asked how you did and I'm giving you my answer. My answer is "Eh." And yes, I'm going to make everyone forget there's a strong likelihood Mark Watney is going to die because that's what you pay me for and unfortunately I need this job because I'm currently paying alimony to two deadbeat ex-husbands because somehow gender equality has bitten me square in the ass. I left them. No more Vincent on television. Copy that. Are you asking me? Yes, sir. Mark drove straight away from the Hab for almost two hours, did a short EVA, then drove for another two. We think the EVA was to change batteries. He's seventy-six kilometers away from the Hab. If it's a test and it doesn't work... he's dead. I didn't see that happen, no sir. Every forty-one hours, we have a seventeen minute gap. It's just the way the orbits work. So... it's possible we missed something. (um...) Okay. He's on the move again -- Unless he's not taking a direct route. Maybe he's trying to avoid some obstacle... 31.2 degrees north, 28.5 degrees west. I'm honestly not sure. I ask for a picture and I get the goddamn Fonz? It's not gonna work. I need something with less-Happy-Days and more... Mark's face. How long does he have? By Sol 868 he'll be long dead. How long does it normally take? Tell him about the name. What the hell is "Project Elrond?" "Elrond?" How do you know that? Why does "Elrond" mean "secret meeting?" I so quit right now. Oh my god I hate every one of you. What am I missing? Why is that important? What about the Hermes crew? We'd be asking them to add... (does the math) 533 days to their mission. But if something went wrong... He's been doing EVAs throughout the day. There's a pattern to them. He goes out three hundred meters. Then stops. Three hundred more meters. Then stops. He's at the Rover. We're receiving a transmission. "Chem analysis... sample batch 1A-7C..." Five hundred and thirty-three days longer? And you said yes to this? And you think I'm gonna forgive you? So far, so good. He's sticking to schedule. Drives for four hours before noon. Then sets the solar panels. And waits thirteen hours while they recharge. Sleeps somewhere in there. Then starts again. He's asked us to call him "Captain Blondebeard." Yeah, he explained it to us. Mark says... "Are you f-word-ing kidding me?" (doesn't want to hurt If something goes wrong, what can Mission Control do? Not that we have a choice, but... are we sure we want to be broadcasting this to the world? I mean, if something goes ...as soon as Mission Control finishes their pre-flight checks, we will begin launch procedures... The Ares 5 team will rendezvous with the Hermes approximately 48 minutes after launch. From there, they've got 414 days of space travel ahead of them, arriving at Mars on March 30th. And I'll let the Director of Mars Missions, Vincent Kapoor, brief you on the particulars. Flight, CAPCOM. Ready to begin preflight check. 