Okay if I talk? I kinda get nervous when I take tests. Don't move. Sorry. Already had I.Q. test this year -- but I don't think I never had a... Reaction time is a factor in this, so please pay attention.  Answer quickly as you can. You're in a desert, walking along in the sand when all of a sudden you look down and see a... What one? What? What desert? Doesn't make any difference what desert -- it's completely hypothetical. But how come I'd be there? Maybe you're fed up, maybe you want to be by yourself -- who knows.  So you look down and see a tortoise.  It's crawling towards you... A tortoise.  What's that? Know what a turtle is? Of course. Same thing. I never seen a turtle. But I understand what you mean. You reach down and flip the tortoise over on its back, Leon. You make these questions, Mr. Holden, or they write 'em down for you? The tortoise lays on its back, its belly baking in the hot sun, beating its legs trying to turn itself over.  But it can't.  Not without your help.  But you're not helping. Whatcha mean, I'm not helping? I mean you're not helping! Why is that, Leon? It was 97 degrees in the city and no hope of improvement.  Not bad if you're a lizard.  But two hours earlier I was drinking Acquavit with an Eskimo lady in North East Alaska.  That's a tough change to make.  It was so good, I didn't want to leave, so I left a day early. Contact.  This is Blade Runner One calling Com-fast 27. Blade Runner One, stand by please. Deckard. Yah, Gaff. Where the hell you been? You know where I been.  I been on vacation. Next time you go on vacation, do me a favor, let us know where it is. What's up? Holden got hit. Bad? Severed spine.  You'd better get in here.  Bryant's waiting for you. I'll see you in a minute. I-X-4-P-D referred to as a Nexus-6, The Tyrell Corporation's new pride and joy.  Holden was administering the Voight-Kampff test when one nailed him. The Nexus-6 must be fast because Holden was as quick as they come. The report said there were six of them.  Three males and three female. Led by a combat model called Roy Batty. They escaped from the colonies two weeks ago.  Killed twenty- three people and jumped a shuttle. An aerial patrol found the ship in the desert.  No crew. Bryant's got a liver problem.  A couple years back he handed me a bottle and said have a drink for another man.  I been drinking for him ever since. Six, huh? Five.  Three nights ago one of them managed to break into the Tyrell Corporation.  Killed two guards and got as far as the Genetic Sector before he got fried going through an electro- field. What was he after? There wasn't much left of him, so we can't be sure.  But bio- chemical data and morphology records of the Nexus-6 were reported missing.  Going on the possibility they might try to infiltrate we send Holden in to run Voight-Kampff tests on the new employees.  Guess he found himself one. You got a machine on it yet? We're using Esper -- a 231 -- that picked up Holden's alarm.  Its guess is that all five are in the city. Where do we start? The Tyrell Corporation has a demo model.  Check it out on the Voight-Kampff.  There's a chance the Nexus-6 is beyond out ability to detect.  If that's the case, everybody's up shit creek. What was the cover on the one that got Holden? Industrial refuse. Garbage man? Did personnel have an address on him? I'll go take a look. Thanks. The big incentive to emigrate was still free labor.  If the public found out that their door-prizes might kill them, they might not be so hot to go up there.  This was one of the worst one's we had and Bryant was worried.  He wanted to tell me to be discrete or something. But I didn't give him a chance. Choose from a variety of seventy nine different personality types. Each and every one a loyal trouble- free companion given to you upon your arrival absolutely free... To use as personal body servant to tireless field hand -- the custom tailored humanoid robot, designed especially for your needs. Somebody was already there. Just a man. It's gotta be right for my customer. Soon as I finish the job. Day after tomorrow. Thanks, Mr. Chew. Hey!  You forgot your... How come you were in my truck? You can get back in if you want... Don't worry, I won't hurt you. What's your name? Mine's J.F. Sebastian. Oh!  Where do you want to go? You want to go home? Oh. Where are your folks? What about friends? Well, where should I take you? We sure did. I've got stuff.  If you wanna go to my place? Machines can be helpful sometimes, but they can also be a pain in the ass.  Ask for a trace on a forger and you might wind up at a steel- mill.  I don't mind a bum-steer once in a while -- it's their personalities that usually get me.  Somebody once said that man makes machines in his own image.  If that's true, whoever made Esper should have been shot. You equipped for random questions? You start. How do I stop one? Okay, but... You are in violation of traffic ordinance M-139 statutory freeway limit restricted by one-hundred and eighty kilometers. Oh! You scared me. I'm working. You look... better. Beautiful. Yeah, I live here pretty much alone right now... No housing shortage around here... plenty of room for everybody. Twenty. Methuselah Syndrome. My glands.  They grow old too fast. Yes.  I couldn't pass the test. Ah, you get hold of your friends? Good. I can sleep on the couch. Don't let the bed bugs bite! I know all that. I think we're through for the night. Yes? Not if it works. The umbrella. Every government that could was racing to populate their colonial territory.  But emigrants needed incentive.  Over-population and the greenhouse factor didn't seem to be enough; but owning a human look-a-like had lots of appeal. It was big industry, the competition was stiff and Tyrell was top of the line. His claim to fame was making a product more human than human and sometimes the 'more' turned out to be a problem.  This wasn't just an escaped andy who broke his owner's arm -- there were twenty-eight people dead and the pressure was on. But so far they'd always managed to keep it quiet.  Not to say that once in a while there wasn't bad publicity.  Some fanatic bitching about equal rights for andies or an occasional trade union proclaiming it was aun-American for automatons to take jobs away from humans on the colony. But what's more American than good old supply and demand?  The Government needed them, industry made them and the church backed them.  The big religious boys said that Androids, no matter how human, were objects; only God could make people. I'm not religious, but I was inclined to agree. Otherwise I'd be out of a job. A humanoid robot is like any other machine, it can be a benefit or a hazard.  If it's a benefit, it's not our problem. It's artificial? Why should I be? You got it wrong, girl.  I work with the bureau not for them. My job isn't to detect malfunctioning andies, it's to eliminate them.  The more the better. How do you do, Mr. Deckard.  Please sit down.  Would you care for a cup of coffee? Thanks. Black? Please. Somehow, I didn't expect that the man who did the dirty work would be the man to do the technical work.  Here you are, Mr. Deckard. Is this to be an empathy test? Yes. Capillary dilation of the so-called blush response?  Plus fluctuation of the pupil, plus involuntary dilation of the iris? May I ask a personal question? Go ahead. Have you ever retired a human by mistake? No. But in your profession that is a risk. Nothing is infallible, but so far the Voight-Kampff scale bas been foolproof. Like you said, Mr. Deckard, a machine can be a hazard.  The Voight-Kampff scale is a machine, isn't it? One that relies on human interpretation.  Where's the subject? Sitting next to you. Ready. You're given a calfskin wallet for your birthday. You have a little boy.  He shows you his butterfly collection, plus the killing jar. You're watching T.V. and suddenly you notice a wasp crawling on your wrist. In a magazine you come across a full-page photo of a nude girl. You show the picture to your husband. He likes it and hangs it on the wall. The girl is lying on a bearskin rug. Why not? You become pregnant by a man who runs off with your best friend, and you decide to get an abortion. Why not? In your opinion. Sounds like you speaks from experience. Last question.  You're watching an old movie.  It shows a banquet in progress, the guests are enjoying raw oysters. The entree consists of boiled dog stuffed with rice. The raw oysters are less acceptable to you than a dish of boiled dog. Lights please. Well? If she is, the machine works. The machine works.  She is. How many questions did it take? Thirteen. She didn't know? Memory implant.  She was programmed. But I think she has transcended her conditioning.  I think she was beginning to suspect. How many questions does it usually take, Mr. Deckard? Five, maybe six. You're going to have to be on your toes, my friend. It's a complex problem and we wouldn't want anything to happen to you. For the good of all, I recommend you take Rachael with you. Considering her uniqueness, I'm sure she could prove quite helpful. No thanks. And how is it one man will be able to cover so much ground? Discreetly. All pertinent information is being fed into your departmental computer, an Esper 231 -- I believe -- and a photo over-lay packet is being produced. Mr. Deckard, I think it would be wise to reconsider my offer. I work alone. Let's keep our eyes on the road, Deckard. Sorry. Come on, stay with the machine. We're going to have to start the sequence again if you don't stay with me, Deckard.  Concentrate. How do you know I'm not? You're not responding to the stimulus.  I can see right here, I'm not getting a reading. I'm tired of this. Almost through. So how did I do? Nerves of steel. No rust? I didn't say that.  Your motivity rate checked out a little slower than last time. Meaning? Meaning you don't run as fast as you used to. During the road test... Yeah? Your mind kept wandering.  That bothered me. Huh huh. Considering the nature of your work, that could be unhealthy. True. You got a birthday coming up. But you haven't put in for emigration. Nope. You're going to be over the limit. Listen, I could make you a long list of complaints about this fucken city but I still rather be here than up there. What if you change your mind? They'll change the limit before I change my mind. You sure? Never been more sure of anything in my life. Why didn't you go? Too old. But if you could? My job is here. Me too. Thanks. Is there anything else? I've already got more help than I need. Sounds like I'm an ass-hole either way, but the answer is still no. I work alone. So? That's okay, I'll get it... Yeah. I can imagine. So why do you think they were after their records. Right. Night. The possibilities were infinite. They could change their appearances but not their future. Like she said, it was short. Longevity is what they were after. The garbage man even wanted a past. Poor fuck.  I'd check it out but I knew she was right.  The market worked on turn-over.  Built-in obsolescence was the name of the game.  That meant her too.  It was something I didn't want to think about. Yeah. Bryant here.  Regarding the rundown you requested on job applicants, Esper's concluded that the only irregular category that Tyrell's got is the entertainment section.  You better get on it. I was just about to have my dinner. If you hurry you'll get back before it gets cold.  I got a spinner on your roof in five minutes.  Good luck. Nexus designated Rachael is a prototype.  Created for in-house use by special mandate form the Scientific Development Regulatory Committee.  Will live conventional term -- no para-physical abilities. What is a conventional term? Never mind.  Do they have that knowledge? Okay, gimme a run-down on the three females. Next. Number three. Fuck. Taffey Lewis? Can I come in? I'd like  you to take a look at these pictures. Do you recognize any of them? What did she want? The girl that doesn't look like that girl. What night? What's suck night? You talking about the Opera House on the Main? Book the good ones for where? What shows? Let's hear it for the Hermano Brothers. Next we're gonna see a little charmer who keeps her dancing partner in a basket!  She comes to us all the way from exotic Casablanca.  'Salome.' Excuse me, Miss Salome. I'd like to have a word with you if I could. I'm with the American Federation of Variety Artists... Don't worry, I'm not here to make you join -- that's not my department. I'm an investigator for the Confidential Committee on Moral Abuses. There's been reports of management sexually abusing the artists in this place. You haven't felt yourself to be exploited by the management in any way? Like to get this position.  Did you or were you asked to do anything lewd or unsavory or otherwise repulsive to your person? Oh, yeah. You'd be surprised what goes on around here.  I'd like to check the dressing room if I could. For holes. It that mother real? It's a good job. Does it eat? Sorry. They have their ways of doing their dirty work without the victim knowing what's going on. You'd be surprised what a guy'll go through to get a glimpse of a beautiful body. Little dirty holes the bastards drill in the wall so they can watch a lady undress. Me. Hmmmmm? Stop or you're dead! Drop it! On your belly! Listen, Sergeant... Hey, Sarge, this guy's a cop. Clear this fuckin' crowd. Just because it's a Nexus 6 doesn't change procedure.  A little known fact can become a well-known fact and part of our job, Deckard, is to make sure that doesn't happen. Now how can be do that if you blow one away in front of a fuckin' audience. Well? She was gonna get away. Then let her get away.  I thought you were a pro -- you're supposed to be a fuckin' tracker! I'd say you got a little carried away. I didn't like her. You didn't like her!? You start liking or disliking andies it's time to hang it up. Look, go home.  Get some rest. Take an aspirin. Yeah. I can't protect your drinks, mister; while you was in the potty, this hummer snatched it. No problem.  Gimme another. Forget it. I think I have no money. It's okay.  Forget it. But I would like to buy you drink. I'll but you one.  What'll you have? Vodka! Shot of vodka, please. Thank you very much. My pleasure. Prosit. Prosit. You want to see my friends? Sorry, don't have the time. No problem. Those cockroaches? Ya. How long you had these guys? Two months.  But this one is not guy.  It is girl.  His girl. Usually Blackie waits until Igor is eating; then, when his back is turned, he tries to take advantage of Anna. Prosit. Prosit. You never saw a cockroach make love? We will try. It must be that he is not hungry or maybe she is not hot. You like to kiss her goodbye. No thanks. Make sure you take your girlfriends with you when you leave. I like you. I like you too. One more, eh? I gotta piss. I think I'll piss outside. How come you know where Zhora was so quick? I showed pictures.  Somebody recognized her.  I went to see. How old am I? I don't know. My birthday is April 10, 2015. How long do I live? Four years. More than you. Painful to live in fear, isn't it. But that's how it is to be a slave.  The future is sealed off, he grovels, he waits. Sex, reproduction, security, the simple things.  But no way to satisfy them.  To be homesick with no place to go.  Potential with no way to use it.  Lots of little oversights in the Nexus 6. I tell you, nothing is worse than having an itch you can never scratch. Like I said, I don't need your help. I knew a cop once who was involved in a high-speed chase.  They shot out one of his tires and he went over a cliff at hundred and fifty miles an hour.  They found him in the morning with a broken skull, six fractured ribs and second- degree burns.  On the way to the hospital he made a play for the nurse. Hey!  I thought you were supposed to be taking care of me. What do you need? Don't just stand there looking at me.  It's not polite. Sit. Gimme your arm. You ever take a bath with a man before? Sorry, I am not in at the moment, but if you'll leave your name and number I'll return your call as soon as I can. Fuck you, then. Mr. Deetchum?  Hello? Now, now, Waddles. Hello, Wrigley. Mr. Deetchum isn't taking very good care of you people. I keep a lot of provisions right here. Well, no, not really.  There's Mr. Deetchum, he's the watchman, he lives on the first floor. How about breakfast, I was just going to make some. Oh, no bother, I'd be glad to. Okay, then.  You make yourselves comfortable and I'll bring the food right out. Home again, jiggidy jig. How are you doing, old man? I'm great.  I mean, I know I'm not really great, but I feel just great.  How you like my new suit? Well, you don't have to worry about getting it wrinkled. Don't make me laugh.  It makes me pee. Sorry. Hey, it's okay.  I like to pee. So how are you doing? I'm doing okay. From what I hear you're doing great.  Bryant tells me you're going like a god damn one-man army.  Making a lot of money, huh? Yeah. But that's what I wanted to talk to you about. Money? No.  I got a problem. Let's hear it. I think I'm starting to empathize with these Nexus-sixes. What's that? I'm taking a piss. Let me ask you something, Deck. You been having intimate relations with one of these units? That's what I thought... one of the liabilities of the trade -- you has sex with your prey, old buddy.  That's bound to create problems, unless you're a black widow. What about -- not sex -- but love? Love is just another name for sex. Love is sexy and sex is lovely -- I don't care what you call it, an android can't have it. These aren't just... I know what they are, Deck -- Look, maybe they can pretend to feel, but far as the raw, hot emotions of the old heart -- no way. Believe me, take it from an old pro, no matter how good we get, we're never gonna make an artificial anything that can feel.  It's a contradiction. You might as well go fuck your washing machine. Just go out there and keep up the good work. Got to save it, Deck, I'm getting sleepy.  It's been good talking to you. Thanks. You did? Me and my dad. Dead. I am.  Part of my job is to sit on a couch and try and figure things out. Not too good. If they are smart, they take naps. Yeah.  Sometimes. Wishing is a kind of dreaming. Yeah. It wasn't very good last night, was it? What? Like? I don't know.  If there is I'd like to find it. You're just all so... so different. You're androids. You're all so perfect. What generation are you? Could you... Show me something? Like... You mean that you can't come here and I can't go there? Of course not. I don't know much about biomechanics, Roy.  I wish I did, but you're out of my league. Dr. Tyrell? He's not really my friend.  I just do a job for him now and then. He could? I'd be happy to mention it to him. No. This afternoon. Yes. Thank you. Hmmm? Don't be fooled by appearances. Because they would ruin the arrangement. I don't like people snooping around my stuff. There's a vacuum in the front room closet is you wanna give it a try. Oh no, don't do that. Never mind the plug, just go through the motions. I don't like the noise.  Just practice.  Practice makes perfect. I'm serious.  Go ahead.  Show me how you would do it. How about under the couch there. Come on. Good for a smart girl to feel stupid.  Part of your education. I never felt better. Okay, I'll take that now. Wait! Can't fly without the pilot. Oh! Papa!  Did you make this? No.  We can make man, but not a griffon. Have to give the cottage industry a chance too. A friend of yours, Sebastian? Yes, this is someone who wants to talk to you, Dr. Tyrell. Oh? Would you like to talk in private then. Here's your check, my boy.  Thank you. Thank you, Dr. Tyrell.  I'll see you later. Was everything okay? Just beautiful. I'm surprised you didn't come to me sooner. And what can he do for you? Would you like to be modified? What's the problem? I'm afraid that's a little out of my... Come here. Sit down. The facts of life.  I'll be blunt. To make an alteration in the evolvement of an organic life system, at least by men, makers or not, it fatal.  A coding sequence can't be revised once it's established. Because by the second day of incubation any cells that have undergone reversion mutation give rise to revertant colonies -- like rats leaving a sinking ship.  The ship sinks. We've already tried it -- ethyl methane sulfonate is an alkylating agent and a potent mutagen -- it creates a virus so lethal the subject was destroyed before we left the table. Wouldn't obstruct replication, but it does give rise to an error in replication, so that the newly formed DNA strand carries a mutation and you're got a virus again... but all this is academic -- you are made as good as we could make you. Put it this way.  Rolls Royces are made to last -- as least they were. But I'm afraid you're a Ferrari. A high strung racing car -- built to win, not to last. Also you're too valuable to experiment with. The bast of all possible androids. We're proud of our prodigal son -- glad you're returned.  You're quite a prize. Also extraordinary things. She'd never seen the great outdoors. Never even seen books on the subject.  She went through everything I had, and we talked. And there were subjects we didn't discuss and they were words we didn't say, I couldn't say, like death, like future, like real.  But it was hard because she was curious and full of questions.  She was more alive than anyone I'd ever known. You mean a woman? What's a long time? Nope.  Nobody could stand me that long. Yeah. This is Bryant.  Are you alone? Yeah. She's not with you? Who. Take a number.  Canapt 1700, tenth floor, Villa Vita District, Olympia South. Got it. Okay, here it is.  Eldon Tyrell, his family and half his staff were just massacred.  The cat is about to get out of the bag.  Pressure is definitely on.  The Nexus program is terminated.  When you finish there, locate Nexus designated Rachael and retire. If you don't, we will.  It has to be total, Deckard.  That's an order from as high as it comes.  Got it? Yeah.  I got it. Go. Because it's not. Andies only simulate suffering -- if they're programmed for it. No, I don't. Don't leave here.  Don't open the door, don't answer the phone. Just wait here. What? Just thought I'd... Someone is coming here. Hello, Roy. Come on, Deckard, show me what you got!  I'm right here on the other side of the door.  But you gotta shoot straight 'cause I'm fast! One! Two! No fair jumping through holes.  You might get hurt doing that!  THREE! Seven! She wanted to go to a place I knew. Out of the city.  Like one of those pictures she saw.  Where there were trees but no buildings. We had a good time.  She told me a funny story and I taught her a song.  A song about monkeys and elephants.  And it made us laugh so hard we couldn't sing. I told myself over and over again, if I hadn't done it, they would have. I didn't go back to the city, not that city, I didn't want the job. She said the great advantage of being alive was to have a choice. And she chose.  And a part of me was almost glad.  Not because she was gone but because this way they could never touch her. As for Tyrell -- he was murdered, but he wasn't dead.  For a long time I wanted to kill him.  But what was the point?  There were too many Tyrells.  But only one Rachael. Maybe real and unreal could never be separated.  The secret never found.  But I got as close with her as I'd ever come to it.  She'd stay with me a long time.  I guess we made each other real. 