There are some fish that cannot be  caught. It's not that they're faster  or stronger than other fish. They're  just touched by something extra.  Call it luck. Call it grace. One  such fish was The Beast. By the time I was born, he was already  a legend. He'd taken more hundred- dollar lures than any fish in Alabama.  Some said that fish was the ghost of  Henry Walls, a thief who'd drowned  in that river 60 years before. Others  claimed he was a lesser dinosaur,  left over from the Cretaceous period. I didn't put any stock into such  speculation or superstition. All I  knew was I'd been trying to catch  that fish since I was a boy no bigger  than you. And on the day you were born, that  was the day I finally caught him. Now, I'd tried everything on it:  worms, lures, peanut butter, peanut  butter-and-cheese. But on that day I  had a revelation: if that fish was  the ghost of a thief, the usual bait  wasn't going to work. I would have  to use something he truly desired. Gold. I tied my ring to the strongest line  they made -- strong enough to hold  up a bridge, they said, if just for  a few minutes -- and I cast upriver. The Beast jumped up and grabbed it  before the ring even hit the water.  And just as fast, he snapped clean  through that line. You can see my predicament. My wedding  ring, the symbol of fidelity to my  wife, soon to be the mother of my  child, was now lost in the gut of an  uncatchable fish. Make him stop. What did you do? I followed that fish up-river and  down-river for three days and three  nights, until I finally had him boxed  in. With these two hands, I reached in  and snatched that fish out of the  river. I looked him straight in the  eye. And I made a remarkable  discovery. This fish, the Beast. The whole time  we were calling it a him, when in  fact it was a her. It was fat with  eggs, and was going to lay them any  day. Now, I was in a situation. I could  gut that fish and get my ring back,  but doing so I would be killing the  smartest catfish in the Ashton River,  soon to be mother of a hundred others. Did I want to deprive my soon-to-be- born son the chance to catch a fish  like this of his own? This lady fish  and I, well, we had the same destiny. We were part of the same equation. Now, you may well ask, since this  lady fish wasn't the ghost of a thief,  why did it strike so quick on gold  when nothing else would attract it? That was the lesson I learned that  day, the day my son was born. Sometimes, the only way to catch an  uncatchable woman is to offer her a  wedding ring. What, a father's not allowed to talk  about his son? I am a footnote in that story. I am  the context for your great adventure.  Which never happened! Incidentally!  You were selling novelty products in  Wichita the day I was born. Jesus Christ. Friend of yours? Did you help him  out of a bind? Come on, Will. Everyone likes that  story. No Dad, they don't. I do not like  the story. Not anymore, not after a  thousand times. I know all the  punchlines, Dad. I can tell them as  well as you can. For one night, one night in your  entire life, the universe does not  revolve around Edward Bloom. It  revolves around me and my wife. How  can you not understand that? Sorry to embarrass you. You're embarrassing yourself, Dad.  You just don't see it. After that night, I didn't speak to  my father again for three years. William Bloom with the Associated  Press if I could just... We communicated indirectly I guess.  In her letters and Christmas cards,  my mother would write for both of  them. When I'd call, Mom would say that  Dad was out driving. Or swimming in  the pool. True to form, we never talked about  our not talking. The truth is, I didn't see anything  of myself in my father, and I don't  think he saw anything of himself in  me. We were like strangers who knew  each other very well. In telling the story of my father's  life, it's impossible to separate  the fact from the fiction, the man  from the myth. The best I can do is  to tell it the way he told me. It doesn't always make sense, and  most of it never happened. But that's what kind of story this  is. Now, Mrs. Bloom, I'll need you to  give me one good push. On three.  One... Grab that baby! My father's birth would set the pace  for his unlikely life. No longer  than most men's, but larger. And as  strange as his stories got, the  endings were always the most  surprising of all. Hi. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. What does Dr. Bennett say? Okay. No,  sure, let me talk to him. I'll wait. It's more than they thought. They're  going to stop chemo. Probably tonight. You don't have to. So which one's it gonna be? The Monkey  in the Barn, the Dog in the Road? The one about the witch. Your mom says I can't tell you that  one anymore. You get nightmares. I'm not scared. Neither was I. At first. This all happened in the swamp outside  of Ashton. Kids weren't supposed to  go out in the swamp, on account of  the snakes and spiders and quicksand  that would swallow you up before you  could even scream. But there were  five of us out there that night: Me,  Ruthie, Wilbur Freely, and the Price  Brothers, Don and Zacky. Not a one of us knew what was in  store. Zacky, turn your flashlight on! I don't got any batteries! Then why'd you bring it? I don't want to be in the swamp with  a witch and no flashlight. Is it true she got a glass eye? I heard she got it from Gypsies. What's a Gypsy? Your momma's a Gypsy. Your momma's a bitch. Shit. Damn. Screw. Turn off your flashlights! She'll  see 'em. Now, it's common knowledge that most  towns of a certain size have a witch,  if only to eat misbehaving children  and the occasional puppy who wanders  into her yard. Witches use those  bones to cast spells and curses that  make the land infertile. Yet of the all the witches in Alabama,  there was one who was the most feared.  For she had one glass eye, which was  said to contain mystical powers. I hear if you look right at it, you  can see how you're gonna die. That's bull-s-h-i-t, that is. She's  not even a real witch. You're so sure, why don't you go in  and get that eye? I heard she keeps  it in a box on her nighttable. Or are you too scared? I'll go in right now and get that  eye. Then do it. Fine, I will. Fine, you do it. Fine, I'm doing it. She'll make soap out of you! That's what she does, she makes soap  out of people. Ma'am, my name is Edward Bloom, and  there's some folks'd like to see  your eye. You get the eye? I brought it. Let's see it. I saw how I was gonna die. I was  old, and I fell. I wasn't old at all. I was thinking about death and all.  About seeing how you're gonna die. I mean, on one hand, if dying was  all you thought about, it could kind  of screw you up. But it could kind  of help you, couldn't it? Because  you'd know that everything else you  can survive. I guess I'm saying, I'd like to know. Huh. That's how I go? From that moment on, I no longer  feared death. And for that, I was as  good as immortal. We swam. The Atlantic, it's not that  big really. We rented a car. Hi, Mom. Is that Dr. Bennett's car? How is he? How much time does he have left? Will. Dr. Bennett. It's good to see you. My wife, Josephine. A pleasure. You're seven months. It's a boy. No. I would say he's the same. Can I see him? Absolutely. Be good for you to talk  to him. Dad? You -- -- are in for a surprise. Am I? Having a kid changes everything. I  mean, there's the diapers and the  burping and the midnight feedings... Did you do any of that? No, but I hear it's terrible. Then  you spend years trying to corrupt  and mislead this child, fill its  head with nonsense and still it turns  out perfectly fine. You think I'm up for it? You learned from the best. Just drink half the can. I'll tell  her you drank the whole thing.  Everyone wins. People needn't worry so much. It's  not my time yet. This isn't how I  go. Really. Truly. I saw it in The Eye. The Old Lady by the swamp. She was a witch. No, she was old and probably senile.  Maybe schizophrenic. I saw my death in that eye. And this  is not how it happens. So how does it happen? Surprise ending. Wouldn't want to  ruin it for you. There was this panhandler who used  to stop me every morning when I came  out of this coffee shop near the  office. Okay. And every day I gave him a quarter.  Every day. Then I got sick and was  out for a couple of weeks. And when  I went back there, you know what he  said? What did he say? You owe me three-fifty. Really. True story. When did you ever work in an office? There's a lot you don't know about  me. You're right. Your mother was worried we wouldn't  talk again. And look at us. We're  talking fine. We're storytellers,  both of us. I speak mine out, you  write yours down. Same thing. Dad, I'm hoping we can talk about  some things while I'm here. You mean, while I'm here. I'd just like to know the true  versions of things. Events. Stories.  You. Your mother hasn't been keeping up  the pool. If you wanted to you  could... I will. You know where the chemicals are? I used to do it when you were gone,  remember? I used to do it a lot. I was never much for being at home,  Will. It's too confining. And this,  here. Being stuck in bed. Dying is  the worst thing that ever happened  to me. I thought you weren't dying. I said this isn't how I go. The last  part is much more unusual. Trust me  on that. Dr. Bennett says I'm going to have  to be home for a week. That's nothing. I once had to stay  in bed for three years. Did you have chicken pox? I wish. Truth is, no one quite knew what was  wrong. Most times, a person grows up  gradually. I found myself in a hurry. My muscles couldn't keep up with my  bones, and my bones couldn't keep up  with my body's ambition. So I spent  the better part of three years  confined to my bed, with the World  Book Encyclopedia being my only means  of exploration. I had made it all  the way to the "G's," hoping to find  an answer to my gigantificationism,  when I uncovered an article about  the common goldfish. "Kept in a small bowl, the goldfish  will remain small. With more space,  the fish can grow double, triple, or  quadruple its size." It occurred to me then, that perhaps  the reason for my growth was that I  was intended for larger things. After  all, a giant man can't have an  ordinary-sized life. As soon as my bones had settled in  their adult configuration, I set  upon my plan to make a bigger place  for myself in Ashton. I was the biggest thing Ashton had  ever seen. Until one day, a stranger  arrived. If you ain't gonna stop him Mayor,  we will! I won't have mob violence in this  town. Now, has someone tried talking  to him? You can't reason with 'im! He's a monster! I'll do it. I'll talk to him. See if I can get  him to move on. Son, that creature could crush you  without trying. Trust me, he'll have to try. Hello! My name is Edward Bloom! I want to  talk to you! GO AWAY! I'm not going anywhere until you  show yourself. Armed with the foreknowledge of my  own death, I knew the giant couldn't  kill me. All the same, I preferred  to keep my bones unbroken. Why are you here? So you can eat me. The town decided  to send a human sacrifice, and I  volunteered. My arms are a little stringy, but  there's some good eating on my legs.  I mean, I'd be tempted to eat them  myself. So I guess, just, if you could get  it over with quick. Because I'm not  much for pain, really. Look, I can't go back. I'm a human  sacrifice. If I go back, everyone  will think I'm a coward. And I'd  rather be dinner than a coward. Here, start with my hand. It'll be  an appetizer. I don't want to eat you. I don't  want to eat anybody. It's just I get  so hungry. I'm too big. Did you ever think maybe you're not  too big? Maybe this town's just too  small. I mean, look at it. Hardly two stories in the whole place.  Now I've heard in real cities, they've  got buildings so tall you can't even  see the tops of 'em. Really? Wouldn't lie to you. And they've got  all-you-can-eat buffets. You can eat  a lot, can't you? I can. So why are you wasting your time in  a small town? You're a big man. You  should be in the big city. You're just trying to get me to leave,  aren't you? That's why they sent you  here. What's your name, Giant? Karl. Mine's Edward. And truthfully, I do  want you to leave, Karl. But I want  to leave with you. You think this town is too small for  you, well, it's too small for a man  of my ambition. I can't see staying  here a day longer. You don't like it? I love every square inch of it. But  I can feel the edges closing in on  me. A man's life can only grow to a  certain size in a place like this. So what do you say? Join me? Okay. Okay. Now first, we gotta get you ready  for the city. Edward Bloom, first son of Ashton,  it's with a heavy heart we see you  go. But take with you this Key to  the City, and know that any time you  want to come back, all our doors are  open to you. That afternoon as I left Ashton,  everyone seemed to have advice. Find yourself a nice girl! Don't  trust anyone in Kentucky! Watch your  pride, Edward Bloom! But there was one person whose counsel  I held above all others. She said that the biggest fish in  the river gets that way by never  being caught. Okay. Thanks. What did she say? Beats me. There were two roads out of Ashton,  a new one which was paved, and an  older one that wasn't. People didn't  use the old road anymore, and it had  developed the reputation of being  haunted. Since I had no intention of ever  returning to Ashton, this seemed as  good a time as any to find out what  lay down that old road. You know anyone's who's taken it? That poet, Norther Winslow did. He  was going to Paris, France. He must  have liked it, because no one ever  heard from him again. Tell you what. You take the other  way and I'll cut through here. Meet  you on the far side. You're not trying to run away? Just to be sure, you can take my  pack. You stupid sonofa... There comes a point where a reasonable  man will swallow his pride and admit  he's made a terrible mistake. The  truth is, I was never a reasonable  man. And what I recalled of Sunday School  was that the more difficult something  became, the more rewarding it was in  the end. Friend! Welcome to ya. What's your name? Edward Bloom. Bloom like a flower? Yes. Oh. Here! Right here. Edward Bloom.  We weren't expecting you yet. You were expecting me? Not yet. I did. It nearly killed me. Mmm-hmm. Life'll do that to you. And  truthfully, the long way is easier,  but it's longer. And you're here now, and that's what  matters. What is this place? The town of Spectre. Best kept secret  in Alabama. Says here you're from  Ashton, right? Last person we had  from Ashton was Norther Winslow. The poet? What ever happened to him? He's still here. Let me buy you a  drink. I'll tell you all about it.  Hell, I'll have him tell you. No. I've gotta meet somebody. I'm  already running late. Son, I already told you. You're early. Now tell me if that isn't the best  pie you ever ate. It truly is. Everything here tastes better. Even  the water is sweet. Never gets too  hot, too cold, too humid. At night  the wind goes through the trees and  you'd swear there was a whole symphony  out there, playing just for you. Hey! Wait! I need those! There is no softer ground than town. He is our poet laureate. Sometimes in a dream, you'll visit  places that seem instantly familiar,  filled with friends you've never  met. A man might travel his entire life  and never find a place so inviting.  My journey had scarcely begun, and I  had arrived. I've been working on this poem for  12 years. Really. There's a lot of expectation. I don't  want to disappoint my fans. It's only three lines long. This is why you don't show work in  progress. Norther, do you ever regret not making  it to Paris? I can't imagine any place better  than here. You're a poet. You oughta be able  to. And maybe if you'd seen more,  you could. No, it's okay! I got it. I got the  snake. Wait! I'm sorry. Hello?! Did you see that woman? Well, she... uh... Yeah. Shoot. Eighteen. You're pretty good at arithmetic. Sure is a lot now, though, huh? What? I have to leave. Tonight. Why? This town is everything a man could  ask for. And if I were to end up  here, I'd consider myself lucky. But  the fact is, I'm not ready to end up  anywhere. No one's ever left. I suspect it will hurt a lot. You won't find a better place! I don't expect to. I promise. Someday. When I'm really  supposed to. As difficult as it was to reach  Spectre, I was fated to get there  eventually. After all, no man can  avoid reaching the end of his life. And then I realized, this wasn't the  end of my life. This isn't how I die. Friend! What happened to your shoes? They got ahead of me. I don't know if you've seen it, but  Josephine has some photos in the  most recent Newsweek. I don't know if you're aware of this,  Josephine, but African parrots, in  their native home of the Congo --  they speak only French. You're lucky to get four words out  of them in English. But if you were  to walk through the jungle, you'd  hear them speaking the most elaborate  French. Those parrots talk about  everything: politics, movies, fashion --  everything but religion. Why not religion, Dad? It's rude to talk about religion.  You never know who you're going to  offend. Josephine actually went to the Congo  last year. Oh, so you know. Mom, would you say you understand  Dad? What I mean is, do you really know  what's going on in his head? How is that possible? I mean, you  try to ask him a question and suddenly  it's another one of his stories. You can't honestly say you know him. Yes. But that's a different... Josephine and I have a lot in common. True. But I've known him my whole  life, and I don't feel like I know  him at all. Or ever will. But I understand you, Mom. I always  have. Mom, do you know who that is? Blonde  hair. No. But it's weird. She seemed to  recognize me. Never seen her before. Pretty, though. Hello. I was dreaming. I don't usually remember unless  they're especially portentous. You  know what that word means, portentous? Means when you dream about something  that's going to happen. Like one night, I had a dream where  this crow came and told me, "Your  Aunt is going to die." I was so scared  I woke up my parents. They told me  it was just a dream, to go back to  bed. But the next morning, my Aunt  Stacy was dead. Terrible for her, but think about  me, young boy with that kind of power.  Wasn't three weeks later that the  crow came back to me in a dream and  said, "Your Grampa is going to die."  Well, I ran right back to my parents.  My father said, no, Gramps is fine,  but I could see there was trepidation.  And true enough, that next morning  my Grampa was dead. For the next couple weeks, I didn't  have another dream. Until one night  the crow came back and said, "Your  Daddy is going to die." Well, I didn't know what to do. But  finally I told my father. And he  said not to worry, but I could tell  he was rattled. That next day, he  wasn't himself, always looking around,  waiting for something to drop on his  head. Because the crow didn't tell  how it was going to happen, just  those words: your Daddy is going to  die. Well, he went into town early  and was gone for a long time. And  when he finally came back, he looked  terrible, like he was waiting for  the axe to fall all day. He said to  my mother, "Good God. I just had the  worst day of my life." "You think you've had a bad day,"  she said. "This morning the milkman  dropped dead on the porch!" Josephine  smiles, a half-laugh, which gets him  smiling too. Because see, my mother was banging  the milkman. He was slipping her a little extra  cream. He was filling her basket. He was  making deliveries around back. He was buttering her rolls. Pumping  her churn. Splashing milk in her  box. They were squeezing the cheese.  Clanking the bottles. Licking the  popsicle. Cracking the eggs and making an  omelet. Spooning the sherbet. You don't need a picture. Just look  up handsome in the dictionary. That's because we didn't have a  wedding. Your mother-in-law was never  supposed to marry me. She was engaged  to somebody else. Will never told you that? Probably just as well. He would have  told it all wrong anyway. All the  facts and none of the flavor. Well, it's not a short one. I had just left Ashton, and was on  my way to discover my destiny. Not  knowing what that would be exactly,  I explored every opportunity that  presented itself. Ladies and Gentlemen, you may think  you've seen the unusual. You may  think you've seen the bizarre. But  I've travelled to the five corners  of the world, and let me tell you,  I've never seen anything like this. When I found this man, he was picking  oranges in Florida. His fellow workers  called him El Penumbra -- The Shadow --  because when you were working beside  him, he blocked out the daylight. He  could take a whole tree in his hands  and shake off the fruit. I had to  pay his crew boss $10,000 just so I  could take him with me. Not to alarm you, Ma'am. But if this  man wanted to, he could crush your  head between his toes. But he won't. He's not going to hurt her, folks,  because he's our own Gentle Giant.  Ladies and Gentlemen, I give you  Colossus! What's his name? Does he talk? It's  not important. Karl. Tell me Karl, have you ever heard of  the term "involuntary servitude?" "Unconscionable contract?" Great, great. That's fantastic. It was on that night Karl met his  destiny. And I met mine. Almost. They say when you meet the love of  your life, time stops. And that's  true. What they don't tell you, is  that once time starts again, it moves  extra fast to catch up. Hey kid! Your friend just made himself  a star. That's great. Good to meet you. What's the matter with you, kid? I  haven't seen a customer so depressed  since the elephant sat on that  farmer's wife. Get it? "Depressed?" See! The big guy likes it. I just saw the woman I'm going to  marry, I know it. But then I lost  her. Tough break. Most men have to get  married before they lose their wives. I'm going to spend the rest of my  life looking for her. That or die  alone. Jesus, kid. Let me guess. Real pretty, blonde  hair, blue hat? Yes! I know her uncle. Friends of the  family. Who is she? Where does she live? Kid. Don't waste your time. She's  out of your league. What do you mean? You don't even  know me. Sure I do. You were hot shit back in  Hickville, but here in the real world,  you got squat. You don't have a plan.  You don't have a job. You don't have  anything but the clothes on your  back. I've got a whole backpack full of  clothes! Someone stole my backpack. Kid, you were a big fish in a small  pond. This here is the ocean, and  you're drowning. Take my advice and  go back to Puddleville. You'll be  happy there. Wait. You said I don't have a plan.  I do. I'm going to find that girl  and marry her and spend the rest of  my life with her. I don't have a job, but I would have  a job if you gave me one. And I may  not have much, but I have more  determination than any man you're  ever going to meet. Sorry, kid. I don't do charity. I'll work night and day, and you  won't have to pay me. You just have  to tell me who she is. Every month you work for me, I'll  tell you one thing about her. That's  my final offer. From that moment on, I did everything  Mr. Calloway asked, and a lot of  things he didn't. I'd go three days  without stopping to eat, and four  days without sleeping. The only thing that kept me going  was the promise of meeting the girl  who would be my wife. Mr. Calloway! It's been a month today. This girl, the love of your life.  Her favorite flower is daffodils. Daffodils. Daffodils! Daffodils! True to his word, every month Amos  would tell me something new about  the woman of my dreams. College! She's going to college! Music! She likes music. I like music  too! Over the months, I learned a lot  about the woman I was going to marry,  but not her name, and not where to  find her. Mr. Calloway! It's Edward Bloom. I  need to talk to you. No, wait! It was that night I discovered that  most things you consider evil or  wicked are simply lonely, and lacking  in the social niceties. Didn't kill anything, did I? A few rabbits, but I think one of  them was already dead. That would explain the indigestion. I was wrong about you kid. You may  not have much, but what you got, you  got a lot of. You could get any girl. There's only one I want. Her name is Sandra Templeton. She's  going to Auburn. The semester's almost  over, so you better hurry. Thank you. Good luck, kid. After saying my goodbyes, I hopped  three trains to get to Auburn that  afternoon. You don't know me, but my name is  Edward Bloom and I am in love with  you. I've spent the last three years  working to find out who you are.  I've been shot and stabbed and  trampled a few times, had my ribs  broken twice, but it's all worth it  to see you here, now, and to finally  get to talk to you. Because I am  destined to marry you. I knew that  from the first moment I saw you at  the circus. And I know it now more  than ever. Don't need to apologize to me. I  mean, I'm the luckiest person you're  going to find today... Oh. Well. Congratulations. I'm sorry to  have bothered you. Fate has a cruel way of circling  around on you. After all this work  to leave Ashton, the girl I loved  was now engaged to one of its biggest  jerks. There's a time when a man needs to  fight, and a time when he needs to  accept that his destiny is lost,  that the ship has sailed, and that  only a fool would continue. The truth is, I've always been a  fool. Sandra Templeton! I love you! And I  am going to marry you! They're your favorite flower. I called everywhere in five states  and explained this was the only way  I could get my wife to marry me. I have the rest of my life to find  out. Sandra! If that's what you want, I swear to  it. Bloom! Don. What the hell are you doing? This is  my girl. Mine! I didn't know she belonged to anybody. What the matter, Bloom? Too scared  to fight back? I promised I wouldn't. While I took the beating of a  lifetime, it was Don Price who was  ultimately defeated. All the physical activity had worsened  a congenital valve defect. Put simply,  his heart wasn't strong enough. What. You love this guy? Go out with me. As it turned out, Sandra was able to  keep her same date at the chapel.  Only the groom had changed. Well, we were all set to, but there  was a complication. Truth is, I've been thirsty my whole  life. Never really known why. There was one time when I was  eleven... I didn't forget. I was just working  on a tangent. See, most men, they'll  tell a story straight through, and  it won't be complicated, but it won't  be interesting either. And I like you. Now. The thing about working for a  circus is you don't have a regular  address, and after three years I had  a lot of undelivered mail. During the four weeks I was in the  hospital, the postmaster finally  caught up with me. It turned out that while my heart  belonged to Sandra, the rest of my  body belonged to the U.S. Government. A hitch in the Army was up to three  years at that point, and having waited  three years just to meet Sandra, I  knew I couldn't survive being away  from her that long. So I took every  hazardous assignment I could find,  with the hope of getting my time  down to less than a year. GO! GO! GO! I'm not going to hurt you. Please, I need your help. Over the next hour, I described my  love for Sandra Kay Templeton, and  the ordeal that brought me before  them. As it had always been, this  love was my salvation. It was destined  to be. We put together an elaborate plan  for escape, involving a whaling ship  to Russia, a barge to Cuba and a  small, dirty canoe to Miami. We all  knew it would be dangerous. I can get you bookings. I know the  biggest man in show business. Bigger. And so the twins and I began our  arduous journey halfway around the  world. Unfortunately, there was no  way to send a message back to America. And so it was no surprise that the  Army believed I was dead. After four months, Sandra had gotten  over the worst of the nightmares.  When the phone rang, she didn't think  it was somehow me calling her. When  a car drove past, she didn't get up  to check out the window. Did you? They met at Auburn. That's because most of it never  happened. Mmm. Mmm, what. I know better than to  argue romance with a French woman. Everyone loves my father. He's a  very likeable guy. You have to understand. When I was  growing up, he was gone more than he  was here. And I started thinking --  maybe he has a second life somewhere  else. With another house, another  family. He leaves us, he goes to  them. Or maybe there is no family.  Maybe he never wanted a family. But  whatever it is, maybe he likes that  second life better. And the reason  he tells all those stories is because  he can't stand this boring place. What is "true?" I've never heard my  father say a single true thing. Look, I know why you like him. I  know why everyone likes him. But I  need you to tell me I'm not crazy. I need you on my side. Did I ever tell you about how... Yes. The maple tree and the Buick. We  heard it. I think someone hasn't. But the real story is how I got the  car. You see... Dad? Son? Can we talk? Do you know much about icebergs,  Dad? Do I? I saw an iceberg once. They  were hauling it down to Texas for  drinking water, only they didn't  count on an elephant being frozen  inside. The woolly kind. A mammoth. Dad! What? I'm trying to make a metaphor here. Then you shouldn't have started with  a question. Because people want to  answer questions. You should have  started with, "The thing about  icebergs is..." The thing about icebergs is you only  see 10 percent of them. The other 90  percent is below the water where you  can't see it. And that's what it is  with you Dad. I'm only seeing this  little bit that sticks above the  water. What, you're seeing down to my nose?  My chin? I have no idea who you are because  you have never told me a single fact. I've told you a thousand facts. That's  all I do, Will. I tell stories. You tell lies, Dad. You tell amusing  lies. Stories are what you tell a  five-year old at bedtime. They're  not elaborate mythologies you maintain  when your son is ten and fifteen and  twenty and thirty. And the thing is,  I believed you. I believed your  stories so much longer than I should  have. And then when I realized that  everything you said was impossible --  everything! -- I felt like such a  fool to have trusted you. You were  like Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny  combined. Just as charming and just  as fake. You think I'm fake. Only on the surface. But that's all  I've ever seen. Dad, I'm about to have a kid of my  own here. It would kill me if he  went through his whole life never  understanding me. It would kill you, huh? What do you want, Will? Who do you  want me to be? Yourself. Good, bad, everything.  Just show me who you are for once. I have been nothing but myself since  the day I was born. And if you can't  see that, it's your failing, not  mine. What is it? That really happened? Go. After the war, the sons of Alabama  returned home, looking for work.  Each had an advantage over me. They  were alive, while I was -- officially --  deceased. With my prospects few, I took a job  as a travelling salesman. It suited  me. If there's one thing you can say  about Edward Bloom, it's that I am a  social person. I've travelled from Tennessee to  Timbuktu, and if there's one thing  people have in common, is we could  all use a hand around the house. Why, with this product you can... Open a jar. Open a letter. Scratch  yourself while wearing mittens. Hold  a book. Hold a baby. Hold the dog  away from kittens. It's strong enough,  you can do a handstand with no hands  at all. You can use it to point out important  information. Or dangers. Or beautiful  women. We're still working on that one. Soon I added other products, and  other cities, until my territory  stretched from the coast to western  Texas. I could be gone for weeks at a time.  But every other Friday, I'd put all  the money I'd made into an account  set aside for a proper house with a  white picket fence. Edward? Edward Bloom? It's me. Norther Winslow. I was astonished to see the greatest  poet of both Ashton and Spectre all  the way out in Texas. I don't believe it! I want you to know, when you left  Spectre it opened my eyes. There was  a whole life out there that I was  not living. So I travelled. I saw  France, and Africa, half of South  America. Every day a new adventure,  that's my motto. That's great, Norther. I'm happy for  you. I can't believe I helped. So what are you up to now? I'm robbing this place. Would you mind grabbing that? Now, I want all of you to lie down.  I'm gonna be cleaning out the cash  drawers, and my associate here is  going to handle the vault.  You help my friend, okay? Look, I'm really sorry. I just don't  want anybody to get hurt. It turned out the savings and loan  had already been robbed -- not by  armed bandits, but by speculators in  Texas real estate. Sixty. Eighty. Four hundred dollars!  Not bad for just the drawers. Let's  see what you got from the vault. This is it? The whole vault. 'Fraid so. Edward, it's got your deposit slip  on it. Look, I just didn't want you to go  empty-handed. There's something you  should know, Norther. You see, the  reason why... I told Norther about the vagaries of  Texas oil money and its effect on  real estate prices, and how lax  enforcement of fiduciary process had  made savings and loans particularly  vulnerable. I should go to Wall Street. That's  where all the money is. I knew then that while my days as a  criminal were over, Norther's were  just beginning. Edward, thank you for the hand! When Norther made his first million  dollars, he sent me a check for ten  thousand. I protested, but he said  it was my fee as his career advisor. Ten thousand dollars is no fortune  to most men. But it was enough to  buy my wife a proper house with a  white picket fence. And for that, it was all the riches  a man could ever want. I was drying out. Come now. Is he awake? Mom? Did you and Dad have any other  property? So you never bought any land. Hello. Are you Jenny Hill? Do I have to give it back to my Mom? How did you know my father? Were you and my father having an  affair? I've seen him with women. He flirts.  He always has. On some level, I  presumed he was cheating on my mother.  I just never had proof. Because he's dying. My father talked about a lot of things  he never did, and I'm sure he did a  lot of things he never talked about.  I'm just trying to reconcile the  two. Fifty-thousand! How did you know? Apparently I've overlooked this one  piece of it, and I'd like to remedy  that. You see, in order for the town  to be preserved, the trust must own  it in its entirety. I'll offer you more than it's worth.  And you know you won't have to move.  Nothing will change except the name  on the deed, you have my word. In so many words, yes. It's not like you're going to lose  anything. You can ask anyone in town.  I've been nothing if not generous. I  want the best for everyone. Helping people makes me happy. I'm sorry. Have I offended you? You're Beamen's daughter. Your last  name is different. You married. I see. I thank you for your time. I'm sorry. I can get it. I can just... Lord, I'm sorry I... I'll... Of course, the best part was creating  new material. By the time the twins  and I got to Havana, we had a whole  new routine worked out for them,  with just a ukulele and a harmonica. I suppose I should... No. Don't. Don't be embarrassed. I should  never have let you think that... I am in love with my wife. And from the moment I saw her until  the moment I die, she's the only  one. I'm sorry, Jenny. I am. Logically, you couldn't be the Witch,  because she was old back when he was  young. You didn't become crazy. No, I wanted to know. I'm glad I  know. Hello? Mom? Dad? What happened? Is he going to be okay? What I mean is, will he get back to  the way he was when... I'll stay. Why don't you go home  with Josephine and I'll stay tonight. It's fine. I will. I'll call. Mom, do you want some time with Dad? Glad to see you're not trying to  have a heartfelt talk. It's one of  my greatest annoyances, when people  talk to those who can't hear them. My father and I have an advantage.  We never talk. How long have you known my father? Thirty years. Maybe more. How would you describe him? Five-eleven. One-eighty. Regulated  hypertension. How would his son describe him? Did your father ever tell you about  the day you were born? A thousand times. He caught an  uncatchable fish. Not that one. The real story. Did he  ever tell you that? No. Your mother came in about three in  the afternoon. Her neighbor drove  her, on account of your father was  on business in Wichita. You were  born a week early, but there were no  complications. It was a perfect  delivery. Now, your father was sorry  to miss it, but it wasn't the custom  for the men to be in the room for  deliveries then, so I can't see as  it would have been much different  had he been there. And that's the  real story of how you were born. Not very exciting, is it? And I  suppose if I had to choose between  the true version and an elaborate  one involving a fish and a wedding  ring, I might choose the fancy  version. But that's just me. Dad? Dad! Do you want me to get a nurse? What can I do? Can I help? Can I get  you something? Water? The river. The river? Tell me how it happens. How what happens? How I go. You mean what you saw in The Eye? I don't know that story, Dad. You  never told me that one. I can try, Dad. If you help. Just  tell me how it starts. Like this. Okay. Okay. Okay. It's morning, and you and I  are in the hospital. I'd fallen asleep  in the chair. I wake up and I see  you, and... Dad? Dad? Let's get out of here. Somehow, you're better. Different.  You're getting ready to go. And I  say... Dad, you're in no condition to... There's a fold-up wheelchair in the  bathroom. Wrap a blanket around me.  As soon as we get off this floor,  we'll be in the clear. Hurry! We don't have much time. Faster! Will! I... What are you doing? No time to explain! Follow us! I pick you up and you hardly weigh  anything. I can't explain it. Water. I need water. Leave it! We won't need it. And we have to take Glenville to  avoid all the church traffic, because  those damn church people drive too  slow. I ask... Where are we headed? You say... The River! As we get closer to the river, we  see everybody's already there. And I  mean everybody. It's unbelievable. Story of my life. And the strange thing is, there's  not a sad face to be found. Everyone's  just so glad to see you, and send  you off right. Goodbye everybody! Farewell! Adieu! Goodbye Edward! / See ya! / We'll  miss you! My girl in the river. You become what you always were. A  very big fish. And that's the way it happens. Yes. Exactly. Hi. Have you ever heard a joke so many  times you've forgotten why it's funny?  But then you hear it again and  suddenly it's new. You remember why  you loved it in the first place. So he said he'd fight the giant who  was fifteen feet tall. No way. Dad, that's right, isn't it? Something like that. See. So he was a giant but my grampa  was going to fight him because he  wasn't afraid of anything because  he'd seen how he was going to die in  this old lady's glass eye... That was my father's final joke I  guess. A man tells his stories so  many times he becomes the stories.  They live on after him. And in that way, he becomes immortal. 