Yew'll be ovah in the naxt tehn minutes... I don't know about you, guys, but I'm getting a little buzz off this. Ayy! Some cat's blocking the periscope. Somebody, give it a swat... Oh Man, not the sewer, I just had this cape cleaned... I still have to call my agent--my techno-single just made the hot 100...what's with the phone? The crowd bought it. Sorry, sir. The Cult is my life and my life is the Cult. By God, Captain God, I shall not fail you.. You know, nobody likes you... Ah, Cats. Now and Forever. I thought we were going to take it easy until the Mission... Cactus, I can't believe you just said all that...I lied. We'll hunt him down together... You're serious? You'd help me... This ring belonged to my sister. I'd love for you to... Somewhere very far away, very quiet, and very... This is all wonderful, Selina, but...But I'm afraid I can not rest until all my sister's killers are brought to justice...That one-armed monster.. Quite a pair we make. Thank you, Jeff. I still can't get over it. I still can't believe you're Catwoman.. You're telling the truth. I can tell..How did this.. What did you say? Selina, sit down, the entire city is going crazy...You have to just calm down... Exactly. I don't know what I'd do without you. Fine. You're angry. Don't be. The important thing is we're together now.. Selina, did you make it home, all right? I tried calling, but your mother said that there was "no extension in the Hut." Whatever that means.. Are you sure? This is insane. Let the heroes handle it. I'd better get you home...I should check on my warehouse to make sure it hasn't been hit... What's the matter? What are you saying? What little boy doesn't... My God...it's, it's...Catwoman. So, did you see "Seinfeld" last week? That Kramer-guy really makes me laugh. I despise these kind of winds. Sorry, I guess I'm a little on edge. Seems this Catwoman has everyone, men and women, on edge. Don't you feel Catwoman says something about the duality of all men and women... You're very special. Selina, I'm not a very good liar. I feel very strongly about you...forgive me use of architecture metaphors, but I instantly know a good foundation when I see one.. Hey, hey, the client comes first. You think I want my future children to know their Daddy created Frank's Fun Palace? What did you think? There's a nice cafe down the street...unless you're afraid of this Catwoman prowling around. We can always dine at the mansion, if.. Kincaid got a little frisky last night...So, meet here at eight and go from there? By the way, I'm Brock Leviathan. I was wondering, if you're not doing anything tonight...Would you like to go to dinner? I know; a tame suggestion considering the wide variety of miniature golf possibilities available to the Oasisburg citizen--but nevertheless, would you? I'll bet the butler's name wasn't "Jeff." What's the matter... Strange--you seemed so close. I wonder what's happened since yesterday.. Ouch. I hope you're not offended by aggressively curious men. You say that like an amnesia victim. No, in art. I try not bring up women around Kincaid. It's a sore spot between us. Long story.. He likes you. Kincaid and I have always had similar tastes... I guess we did. When you were a little boy, did you want to be a superhero? I've been looking for you. Selina Kyle was right. One of us is a psychotic crusader. It may be time to get the police involved... Quiet, Blender Boy. I told you from the beginning, Selina, I'm not a very good liar. I am not Captain God, or whatever else he may be calling himself this month, but when I find out who is--The Man will pay. My sister died in that Museum attack. You can check the Atlanta obituaries. I've tracked these monsters from city to city, waiting for a time to exact my revenge. Why else would I come to Oasisburg and create the most obnoxious casino in the world? You're right, I wasn't looking to fall in love with a casino worker. I'd given up trying to find anyone. But there was a fire in your eyes that cut right through the air conditioning and through the coldness of my heart. You're kidding. Yes, did you call us here for any particular reason? Oh, you don't have to explain to me where you're going... She has reason to be suspicious..Doesn't she? She has a real spirit. They do take their time. So..Selina Kyle... Oh, how long have you had your own route? Oh come on, Cactus, be a man! The blimp is still on schedule, right? Wha-at? Just hold on! I'm not done. There are two kinds of men in the world, Selina. In Category A, you have Me. In Category B is everyone who wants to be in Category A, but are too afraid, too weak..! Don't you feel so much better now that you know everything? Blink once for yes, twice for.. Priceless...We have a showdown in this alley, right? You've lost all motor functions. The poison will kill you in ten minutes. The "skylight?" Fool! It's too high for anybody to climb out the damn skylight... Don't you realize there's nothing you can do, anyway! Nine minutes and it's all over! The Fun Palace is a tomb. No one can get out. And choke on this furball: all doors and windows are blocked, locked, and electrified! Even the glass around the bomb is rigged. Well then, let's agree to disagree...Now how about a picture for my scrapbook? Will you please stop fighting? Just let those people die so we can get on with our new lives together! Trust me, one day we'll look back on this day and laugh. You got to admit, it's a lot more fun to be the villain. You were right all along--the two parts to a person are the reality and the lie. I was making good money as a top architect--but that's not who I am. I'm not an architect, I'm a.. I've been thinking. I've been thinking about us. I'm sorry I've been so hard no you these past couple days. I realize now it's because you're the only woman who ever understood me and I couldn't handle it! I've never revealed myself to anyone the way I have to you. Let's blow this town together. We'll run a bed-and-breakfast in Vermont by day, and by night, we'll dress up and kill anything that... My dog! What do you want from me? I thought cats were supposed to have nine lives, not thirty one! What do you think you're doing?Adonis, be polite. She's a friend. I'm not going to worry about it. We are quite beyond the computer disc. Everything will be over within the next hour or so. Works for me. Have we reached the epi-center? It's okay. Let her go. You have to dial nine first. Do I have to remind everyone that in two days, we'll all be dead. The Cult of Good will be a memory. I don't want to hear about lawsuits or cereals. We have a secret mission... Crowd always buys it. What do we got? Hey, Hot Stuff. You're still on the clock... I'll put that in the report--after you shoot her. Absolutely. Quite a little performance you gave in the casino today--for me and that other guy. Come on down, let's chat.. Yeah...pretty gross. Hurry, we've got work to do. I know how you feel, humiliated in the hands of a woman. I'd rather eat my soul on a paper plate... What did you say? How could I forget. Mammoth--go pet the kitty. Why am I still troubled... I don't know what I was saying. I totally phoned it in last night. I haven't been getting a lot of sleep lately... Well. I stand corrected. Cactus--shooting a man in the back is not very noble. "Well done," Cactus. I know. Of course it matters! It throws off everything! "Superhero" is manhood's highest achievement. Manhood! Your dirty little secret has diseased us to the core. You were my buddy, my comrade-- women aren't buddies, women aren't warriors! You tried to turn the Cult of Good into some after-work softball team! It's time to get thrown from the treehouse... Just like a woman. You want out. You're out. What's the matter with you, Spooky, my most trusted comrade? We are warriors! These are the challenges we live for! The Tranquilizer Tranquility will hold for about an hour..where is she? These women are out here on a lark-- Ladies Night at a discotheque. It's not in their blood the way it is for Catwoman...Where is she? Oh, I like her. I like her a lot. I want to save this one for later. Something that tasty you don't eat all at once. Go back to your alter- egos, we'll regroup in the morning. Well, you don't see that everyday. Somebody tell me what's the deal with Frida Kahlo here? Well, we spent enough time building the damn thing, might as well use it. Now he'll be up all night... Ah, the good guys always triumph in the end. It's what allows our children to sleep at night. Do you have any idea how much superheroes get paid? Zilcho. Urban vigilantes with secret identities operating outside the law. Not exactly the stuff of a W-2 form. If it wasn't for merchandising and corruption and these diabolical "missions"...There is no such thing as heroes and villains, anymore, Selina. There are only winners and losers. You lost. We won. I know, I should probably tell you, but I just don't feel like it. To be honest, I'm really angry at you. I admired you so much more when you were purely wicked. I mean, look at you now, running around trying to "get to the bottom" of things. Trying to "save the city." It's true we're about to do a very nasty deed, but really, what's it to you? Since when do you care what happens to a bunch of pathetic Oasiburgians? You're just not yourself, anymore. You think so?...Selina? Yes. I am the reporter or the architect. You've been through so much..It looks like you've used up all nine of your lives... My, those little ears pick up a lot. The Cult of Good will die heroically preventing a world-class heist. Since we will be the ones performing the heist, our deaths will obviously be fake. But have no fear. There will be many other deaths tomorrow...and those will be quite real. I'm afraid these questions of yours put you in a position not unlike a long-tailed tabby in room full of rocking chairs. A superhero's job is to protect society. Don't blame me if society is a horrible, corrupt joke. Hasn't anyone ever taught you that fighting violence with violence solves nothing. And...your point?Kelly, get to work on those new uniforms. I'm not running a summer camp here.. What if I were to say "You're Fired?" Hey, you're anti-male. Oh, what? I offer you a job in implied exchange for physical favors and suddenly it's "sexual harassment..." There you are, Selina. I've been thinking..I have some.."positions" opening up.. Yeah, as in born before..Ooh, I suppose it's "sexual harassment" to give a woman a compliment. Sheesh. Come on, gentleman... You know, Kyle, you're still pretty hot for a pre-Bicentennial babe... You're late. I've got some good news and some good news. I'm giving you more hours and the new uniforms came in.What's the name of your child's best friend? You mean, "Consuela" is a good mother.. You Career girls have no idea what we go through.What little boy doesn't? But then we knew that all along, didn't we... I've been looking for you. I can. That's not an admission of guilt, It's just..I knew you had it in you... Did you ever think that maybe neither of us is Captain God? We're waiting. Your uniform, that first time I saw you, was a ghastly cage I vowed to unlock in order to.. But it's true! You can call him yourself. Selina, are you okay? I better go report this in... I suppose she does. A bit on the suspicious side, don't you think? Selina Kyle...lovely person. Women, huh? Can I just say what a classy touch the neon urinals are, Mr. Architect? I just love risking electrocution every time I.. There you are darling...Have we met, Lewis Lane, Oasisburg Times. We have to do something. What can we do to help, Selina? Okay. Let's get serious. Of course I know the Cult of Good is not good. Ever since I saw what they did in Atlanta, it has been my mission to expose them. I've followed them to Oasisburg and soon will have enough hard evidence to bring them to real justice. That computer disc could be the final piece to the puzzle. This isn't just a story, Selina--another damn Pulitzer--this is my life. Not too cool... Some reporter I am..all this time my story is right there in front..I have a lot of questions. Hey, architect--she's joking. Right, Selina? Selina? Uh-huh.. You can't figure me out. You're the strange one.. You're scaring me, Selina. Do it some more. I'm afraid last night was the last straw of our city's tourists. The Mayor, in his finite wisdom, is throwing a "Month of the Woman" luncheon ball for the public this afternoon to try and calm everyone down. I thought maybe you and I could... I was doing my job. At the risk of sounding egotistical, I didn't become the best reporter in the world sitting by the phone. I was chasing tail all night--I was not spying, intentionally, on your hot and heavy date with "Brock Leviathan, architect." I can't believe he ordered white wine. You do know white wine is not real wine... I'm having a hard time picking up your signal this morning--What did you say? About the same. Thanks for asking...Damn blender. Okay, I can't stand it anymore, I'm dying to know--Did you try on some whiskers last night and hit a 7-11 along with all those other women? You had to have thought about it--a Catwoman for a night? What? Actually, yes. Yes, you shouted the words "Captain God" at me for no reason... What did--? I thought you'd like a ride to work. You don't own a cat, do you? No, of course not. You're listed. Not the hut, exactly, but the rest of.. Good morning. Ah! Ah!--God no, don't tell me you're one of those women who are attracted to ruggedly handsome and brilliant architects.. I was wondering, if you're not doing anything tonight... Oh the hand--my grandfather is inventing a new kind of blender and..You know, I realize I've never officially introduced myself...I'm Lewis Lane. Oh now this one is mine... How much? Sorry, I get carried away. Once I become interested in someone, I can't stop trying to figure them out...Amnesia victims are challenging.. Most articles focus on the first half of her name--describing some feline monster. I want the woman of Catwoman. After all, if it was a man dressed as a cat, the story would be on page 23--just another loony. Oh, I want this one. I want her bad.. What is it with women and Catwoman? Men have the courtesy to punish the weak, but women love punishing the strong. Don't get me wrong--this Catwoman is a terrifying, subversive menace to everything this community stands for and she must be stopped. It's just, I like her a lot. A genuine woman of mystery in Oasisburg. Amnesia. Bulletholes in exposed stomach badly concealed with body make-up. Beautiful, intelligent eyes that have no business in "Frank's Fun Palace" or anybody else's Fun Palace for that matter..Okay, deal. It's seeing-eye dogs, ma'am. If I let the cat stay, will you go out with me? I'm sorry, ma'am, there are no pets allowed in the library...Cactus, sometimes you don't deserve to wear our logo. Not now, Mammoth. Adonis is right. We've had a good run here--the protection kickbacks from the crime syndicates, the merchandising scams-- Tomorrow night we have a big, violent, complicated and lucrative mission to pull off. We chould be resting up. What's the catch? He didn't remember to roll up his window... The shopkeeper on 13th street won't drop the lawsuit--He still claims one of the lasers we fired at the Jenkins gang burned down his store.. I loved you. Why are you--I fought for you with honor. Why should it matter if I'm a man or a woman, as long as I'm a good warrior. I want out of tonight's mission. I can't do it anymore, Captain. I can't let innocent people die to prove our superiority..I can't. I hate it when you get like this. This Catwoman is becoming an obsession. I say we call it a night. Tomorrow is a big day for us... You like them, don't you, Boss. Just a homeless woman. Wrong place. A bit sadistic, don't you think, Captain...? Oh, I wish they wouldn't feed him like that. You know, my name's not Spooky. It's, it's Rachel. The Mission is happening tonight..It's up to you to...to save the City... And I...I..want you to know our secrets.. For when the time comes.. Men, huh? Can't you understand--I got tired of being a woman. I wanted the respect that only a cape, boots, chestplate, and a mechanical spear can bring.. I don't want to hurt you, Catwoman. Yet. After tomorrow, you can do anything you want, but please, just stay out of sight for the next 24 hours. I won't stand by and watch my leader get all emotional over an animal like you. I warn you, don't tempt Captain God when he is angry. Let is complete our mission in peace. Spear. Thanks. You're the One. I thought I told you to stay hidden behind the couch, CAT! You've torn the unit apart. You've driven a great leader insane... I'm not sad, no, I owe the Captain my life. It's just you think you want to help prevent crime, but you realize that's too complicated. It's a lot more fun to punish crime. Then after a while, you don't care what's a crime and what's not, what you became a Warrior for. You just want the kicks. The rush. We met on the Internet. The Captain put out a cryptic message calling for a new order of crimefighters. We don't even know each other's true identities... I'm sorry, Miss, one of us needs to keep surveillance...