No, sir. Just mopping up. Nine bodies in all. I'm babysitting the DEA guys this afternoon, Casio and I. You said that was top priority. Yeah. Welcome back, sir. How was the vacation?Winona. She's buried. Her body turned up. In a Minnesota cemetery. They brought her back. You heard? Hi there. Dylan here. Got a sister like this, what they call it, anal? That's her. Show's over, boys. Nobody home. And it's getting dark. I'm not going to run this into the night. Eddie, we're walking in. Everything covered? I sent a female in. The room in question was rented by an Anglo, cash; since then, nothing -- no activity, no phone response. Down the road a piece is the Golden Sunset, the no-tell motel, Socorro's contribution to international relations. The car's just sitting there, no activity. I've had a couple Hispanic officers casing it all day. Want to take a look? No bad news. You know the Be On the LookOut you asked me to send on the diner car -- we got a hit on it. A little town on the border, Socorro. We got it staked out -- you interested? What's the bad news? Mack, this is Sheriff Dylan. I just assumed she ran away. Happens a lot around here. Look around. This place is an invitation to run away. Who knows. Her name is Karen Sumpter, from near Dell City. Just disappeared a couple weeks back. Vanished. I know how the Feds like to sit on information. I got something in the car to show you. Nine bodies in Roswell, now this -- it's getting a little hairy, huh? That's right, Jan. Ten miles back on the Texas side. Well, the victim was killed at the turn-around over there, then his car was pushed over here... ...right across the state line. That makes it Federal. This is Officer Wallace, he's out of Alamogordo. Fella's name is Harold Speck, travelin' man out of Roswell.Oh yes, I see. You must get asked this a lot. You can't imagine how many men have told me that. I have 6 tons. There seems to be a discrepancy.Why me? What do you want from me!? What do you want from me? Oh God, mister, please leave me alone. You're a... you're sick. My God. Look, mister... What are you...? Excuse me? Look... What? I don't mean to be rude, but... Yeah. Ah... restaurant supplies. I didn't get your name. You... surprised me. Jesus.This could all be a coincidence, but, you know something, I don't believe in coincidences. That's why I came back. Do you think the UNSUB -- we're not going to mention the word Zorro -- met Harold Speck online? Don't say that. Don't even think that. The next thing we'll be hearing about "Zorro Killer" in the media -- this hasn't gotten out, has it? He said it was a clue? Let's take a look at it. Drop off my stuff at the hotel after you're done here. You have the photo from the diner? What's with the eyelids? What about his killer? Mackelway, I could understand. He is over-emotional by nature, but you, Agent Kulok, you had a shining career in front of you. What are you doing? Another what? What? Smarter than us. We didn't know Speck was a serial, the police didn't know, his wife didn't know -- so how did the killer know? Chuck, hello. This is Agent Kulok. She has a background in medical forensics. Dick Low's a killer too. Hawkins isn't the target, Richard Low's the target. We'll wait. Get online with Low, inform him of Zero's route -- we'll set a trap for him. Have you told Richard Low about Amarillo? He's got you believing in Zero now too. As far as the public knows, Richard Low is dead. And he will stay dead until we kill him. Watch out for Dick Low, he's a liar; he has his own world. There was a Junior Agent in Seattle, not unlike you, an Agent who fell under Dick's spell. He'd have done anything for Agent Low. Richard got this Agent to take a suspect to the crime scene, beat him up, force a confession -- all unauthorized, all illegal. The Agent died that night, killed by the suspect. Richard Low got him killed. Worst of all, we had to hush it up, let the suspect go. The suspect was George Sheldon, the second man Richard killed. There was talk of a file photo. That breaks my confidentiality stipulation. I'm told you've asked for a Bureau cross-check of flight records to and from El Paso, Ft. Myers, Omaha, the Murman murder time frames. You didn't tell anyone where you were? Why did you go to Chicago? I want to catch Dick Low, more than you can imagine, but I cannot risk going public. What happens when the media finds out that a former FBI Special Agent, a founder of the Behavioral Sciences Unit, is not dead, but instead alive and killing people, not ordinary people, but, even worse, serial killers, making him some sort of white knight vigilante? You keep at it. We'll find him, we'll find him in our own way. How do you send out an APB on a dead man? We're waiting for trace evidence results on the Rice killing. Collected shoes too? It was neither a valid concept nor a valid fact. Suspect Zero came to represent every killer Dick Low had not caught. The idea took root in his head like a wild irrational vine. For someone like Low, there would always be a Suspect Zero. We couldn't let Richard go where that idea was taking him. I suspected, but you were the one Low contacted. That's why I brought you back here. Both in the last year. I suspected only someone as brilliant as Dick Low could find these guys. Look, whatever Daitz told you, nobody wanted to strip Richard of his badge. You have to get close to be good at what he did, the trick is not to get too close. Dunlevy said there was another case, Ron Rice. In fact, there were two earlier cases where serials were murdered. The second was George Sheldon. I didn't enter it into VICAP -- I'll get you the file. We had every reason to believe he was on that plane. He was supposed to be on the plane. Everything was incinerated, it was two weeks before we reached the crash site. We, the Director and I, decided it was in everyone's best interest to declare Dick Low dead. That way he could exit a hero. That gasbag. I can imagine what he said. I'm not ashamed to admit that most of what I know about criminal profiling started with Richard Low. I have also, over the years, I admit, taken credit for many of his accomplishments. He was the most brilliant law enforcement individual I ever met. "Murman" was the alter identity of William Heirens, the original "Catch Me Before I Kill Again" killer. Short for "Murder Man." It was the case that got Richard Low and I started in this field. Mack the Mouth at a loss for words. I don't believe this. Okay, Harold Speck: who goes first? You feeling okay, Agent Mackelway? I always meant to ask, what is it that makes you so special? Why is it you have this special rapport with multiple killers? Why you? I'll take it into consideration. You didn't like anyone looking over your shoulder -- why was that? What were you doing? Agent Mackelway, you're going to get your wish. You're going back to Washington. I want you back in Computer Crimes. Fire up those chat rooms. The cut on your arm -- mind if we remove the bandage? Do you think he singled you out? Agent Kulok and I were in O'Hare when we heard. How do you feel, Agent Its called insubordination. You refused to comply with a direct order. The Federal Bureau of Investigation is not based on personal preference. We share information. I might point out, Agent Mackelway, the reason we haven't been able to crack those rooms is that you refused to share that information with us -- which is also why you were reassigned. I'll relay this to CIIAC. From the grave? Who? This better be important. Shut the fuck up or I'll shut you up. Listen to this guy? Can you believe this? He'll never change. Born a liar, first word out of his mouth was a lie. Make up a story, always a story, any goddamn story, to save his ass. You are so fucked up. You're a disgrace to law enforcement, to the Bureau -- and to me. Don't you touch him. Thank you, Rangers. Put this man in the unmarked.Testa? Besides that. Was this him? Does Koessler know about the Suspect Zero theory? Pacific Northwest is a hotbed for serials. No. Have you had a chance to think about -- I want the autopsy report, where is it, Minnesota? You have the body? What? I want to talk about the Karen Sumpter case. Sheriff Dylan, this is FBI Agent Thomas Mackelway. Remember me? Tape it off, we'll want to fine-tooth- comb it. My guess is that the UNSUB is having us on. He checks in, pays, picks up the key, but never walks inside. Tell me if I'm wrong. The room key's in the car. On the seat. Let's take a look. What does the Manager say? Hey, Sheriff. I'm on my way. You tell me. Oh Jesus, Sheriff, I am sorry. I meant to call you -- I got distracted -- the Sumpter girl was not one of Speck's victims. That's the good news. Agent Mackelway. This isn't in our database? You're thinking...? I'd appreciate it if you kept this to yourself. I hope that wasn't a joke because I can assure you, from personal experience, the FBI does not have a sense of humor. Where's the Nuevo American Diner? Excuse me, a salesman gets done in his car and you call the FBI? You run the plates? We need to run this through VICAP, search for similar burns. Turn the body over. There was something in the autopsy report, yes, here. These burn marks. I'm sorry. This won't take long. Put a BOLO out on that. What kind? He was sitting here? How did you know he was a construction worker? What did he look like? The man who was with him, he was a construction worker? You're as crazy as he is! He's right! You don't give a damn about saving lives at all! Fuck you! There's a killer out there -- we know who he is. He could be stalking now. What about Zero, Darryl Hawkins? I can't. The chat room isn't open for another five days. I need to get to Amarillo immediately. I understand. In Ft. Myers before your instruction. Nowhere else, sir. I didn't use Low's name. I was looking for a pattern. An oversight, sir, I apologize. I felt I needed to get away for a day. The pressure. Paid for my own ticket. I was visiting an old college friend. Huh?, sir. We need to put out an NCIC inquiry. I got a look in Testa's computer. His screen name was "Imelda." Have to give him that, had a sense of humor. What did you think of the Suspect Zero theory? You knew the arm slash was not "Zorro." How long ago? You suspected all along, suspected he was alive. That's why you came to El Paso. "Was?" I spoke with Lloyd Daitz. I'm hesitant to... Nothing concrete. Nothing I'd... well, nothing. Had trouble sleeping last night, sir. They like my stories. They like the way I think. They're into fantasy. I turn them on. What I do requires confidentiality. If my Reporting Agent could be someone outside Computer Crimes, perhaps Agent Kulok? This time, sir, if I may be so bold, would it be possible to set up my equipment outside CIIAC, perhaps in military housing at Quantico? I didn't get along very well with the other members of the Division. We thought differently. Go ahead. No, just coincidence. He knew who I was, of course. He had my ID -- did he keep it? He got away. I had him. He got away. Pretty embarrassed, to be honest. I had him. Then why do I still have a badge? I was lucky to find, much less crack, the address code -- no way to be sure I could have done it again. Let some by-the-book J. Edgar Agents go into the chat room, spook these guys with stupid questions, blow my cover? -- no way. I had gotten their trust. We were sharing fantasies. I couldn't risk it. They don't know how to crack these secret chat rooms -- MyDick. Speck. Harold Speck. I think I talked to him. Look, sorry. Don't say a word. I know this is improper. I've been trying to speak with Deputy Director Koessler. I left a message. I must speak with you before you go back to Washington. I'm going to Amarillo. Get the routes of all refrigerated trucks over the last ten years. We've got three disappearance cities and dates, three parallel discovery cities. Get into the mainframe, let it crunch this information. Zero abducts victims all over the country, kills them, keeps them refrigerated for days, weeks, even months, then buries them hundreds, thousands of miles away. Karen Sumpter was buried, washed up in a flood. Evans was buried. When we get Zero, we'll find boneyards all across the country. Jaime -- I've got to take a piss. I haven't changed anything. Damn. But it was your idea: "use Zero," you said, use Zero to get Low. That's what Koessler wants us to believe. To discredit Low. Low calls him Suspect Zero. Burn marks. The original M.E. listed it as "burn residue." Same place, the outer thigh, as Karen Sumpter. The UNSUB is able to abduct, kill, transport and bury without detection. Yeah, of course. Hardly anyone calls me Tom. Everybody calls me Mack. I always liked that. But why this pattern? Jaime, do you think, when this is all over, when we're in different divisions, you think maybe you and me, we could try again? I got an autopsy report from El Paso that doesn't seem right. A girl on Low's list. Karen Sumpter. We're getting a court order to exhume to body. I'd like you to come and look at it. Don't worry, I've cleared it. They say Richard Low is wrong, but because of him, women, innocent women, are alive who would be dead. It's too late for that. I've gone ahead of the curve on this one. There's no turning back. When this is over, Koessler is going to be right or Low is going to be right or I'm going to be right, but not all of us. I've decided to investigate Low's plane crash. While I'm at it, I thought I'd look at the cases Koessler worked with Low. Probably. I told him Koessler had ordered the report, kept it secret. I need something tangible. To hook him. I told him I'd found the confidential file on the Suspect Zero theory. You were right. He found me. I met with Richard Low. These are names of missing persons he has flagged. I'm double-checking every case, but I don't want to be too obvious about it. I marked the ones I'd like you to work on. I guess I'm a little paranoid. That's a crackpot theory. Everybody says so. Start killing people for real? My watch. He toyed with me. He sent me to Chicago. What's up? Jaime? Where are you? Don't confuse what we do with who we are. Not the way I can. I found a peephole into Deviant World. I'm gonna reach in and yank some of those creeps out. What's that? That's true. Oh. I can't. They trust me, they accept me. I've got their confidence. You did. No, Jaime, I apologize. I didn't... I had no right to speak to you like that. Murman and Imelda had been slipping into a private chat room. Low had poor old Testa drooling on the keyboard. Abduction fantasies, voyeurism, mutilation, teasing him with fetish elements. He is very good. I think it's safe to say Richard Low is Murman. Did they disconnect Testa's computer? You mean -- The tattoo? Jesus. We got an UNSUB walking around with four feet? Find the feet? Not about coming to see Daitz? What did you tell him? Does Koessler ask about me? I know. "Intra-Agency fraternizing." Oh yeah, I forgot. Why did Koessler assign you as my liaison? You must really think I'm a square, a computer nerd. When you were his student? Did he come on to you? I saw him on a talk show once, talking about these killers like they were his friends. Not the victims, not the families of the victims, he doesn't talk about them. Blood money, that's what it is. Did he hit on you? I ever get like that, just take me out in back and shoot me. That's because he's a fucking wacko. Never met a self-promotion scheme he didn't like. What's he doing now? None. Can't find a thing. Nothing on file, nothing online. It's not a part of any known killer's signature. Every cop has a story and every story has a girl. The girl in my story was fifteen years-old. She wore a pink angora sweater -- I can still see it -- one day, she disappeared. I told the police she wouldn't run away, I told them who to look for, but I was just a kid. I sat in the police station crying and crying. My parents took me home. The girl was my cousin and the man who abducted her was a teacher I'd had. He kept her alive a week before he killed her. The police could have saved her. Every time I see a photo of a victim I see her. That's what I want to do. I want to save her. Take it to the next level. What are his fantasies, what turns him on, what kind of pornography does he like? If he could act out his fantasies, what would he do? Imagine yourself one of his victims, realizing your life is in his hands. What is he thinking? He thinks he looks young. Look at this fellow... or this one. What's that? I was interested in two things: computers and crime. They sort of came together. People end up in occupations for a reason. They may think not, but they do: occupations define us. Taking a Stryker saw, cutting off the top of someone's cranium, pulling the brain out -- what's that, a day in Spring? Chat jargon for moving from fantasy to real victims: "I went live last month." No, no, no, most of them -- I used to think all of them -- are just fantasists, guys who get off telling degrading stories. When I came across this fugitive chat room, listened in, I started to think some might actually be real, that they'd gone live. The challenge was to figure out which was which. Then I had my disagreement with Koessler. Working the net isn't that different from ordinary undercover work. You go into the community, walk their walk, talk their talk, gain their confidence. The other reason? That's the beauty of the system. This is a fugitive chat room. It moves from place to place, chat rooms that are normally empty at certain hours: a gardening website, Chaucer buffs, a dating service. A pre- arranged code shows up in one of fifty porn rooms -- that's where I stumbled across it -- notifying "friends" to meet at a certain time, usually midnight to three Eastern Standard, at a certain website -- a deserted chat room, say, "How to Plant Perennials." Come Tuesday, twelve a.m., bingo, these like-minded deviates log on and start yakking it up: explicit sex crime gossip, who did what to whom, who wants to do what, when, why and how. Setting up. Technically, anyone in a chat room can be traced back to a screen address. But, by using punters, a correspondent literally punts his address around the world, through computers in countries that have no communication treaties. The correspondent becomes "ghosted," invisible. The man knew how to dress. Yes I do. Where's my watch? It's gone. That information's being withheld from the media. This is no random killing, no one shot deal. The UNSUB has killed before; he's good at it. So what do we have? We have someone who has killed before who kills someone who kills: a serial killer of a serial killer -- and who wants the FBI to know he exists. Yeah, you know the vic's car, he was killed this side of the state line, the car then pushed across the border. This by an Unknown Subject, presumably the killer, who left no fucking evidence except the snapshot, which may or may not have been accidental. Why did he come out here? What's going on? You work with Koessler? How long have you been downtown? The Academy, then CIIAC. Maybe I shouldn't put it that way. I'm on my best behavior. I've got to watch what I say. They sort of got me on shit detail, no offense. Yeah. Yeah. You? You went by the book? Maybe you should back off. Those were just fantasies. It was the mall. Who told you about her? I already have an employer. You knew it was me all along? How do you know who's real and who's not? Daitz hinted it existed. It was a matter of forming the request in the proper terms. Zero killed them all? The file, however, was kept open after your death. NPE disappearances, No Plausible Explanation, were sometimes filed there, deleted if the bodies were found. "Agent Low's theory of Suspect Zero, the undetected serial killer, is delusional, the product of good intentions, paranoia and obsession..." I don't carry it with me. So you went underground? Suspect Zero? What was your weakness, sir? He's moved on to TV. I've been reading, hearing about you. I spoke to Koessler, Professor Daitz. I believe it is you, sir, who has us jumping through hoops. Yes, sir. Yes. Who are you? How did you know Speck was a killer? Leave this room, I'll go back with you, blow your cover. I want to go live with you. George Sheldon? The second serial killer killed in the manner of his killings. The crime scene profile was never entered into VICAP. At whose request? David Koessler. Not everything is imputed to memory. The most confidential stuff is kept top secret hard copy. Why would the Zero file be kept secret? I've located the Suspect Zero file. Did you know there was one? Koessler ordered it as part of your evaluation. I want to help you. Let's talk about Zero. Let's go someplace private, Murman, I have something for you. Haven't had any, but I'm willing to try. If I owe, I will go. I've been to Chicago. Lead the way, Murman. Something came up, Murman, my man. Whatever happened to MyDick? Lionheart here. I'm back. Sorry about the absence. I had to do some therapy at the crossbar hotel. Deputy Director Koessler doesn't want Zero. All he cares about is Low. I don't think you understand. This man, Hawkins, has killed dozens of people. Suspect Zero. Locate a jet, we're going to Amarillo. Now, Mr. Hawkins, when last in Amarillo, where did you get gas? How far is Amarillo? He wants us to know he's out there, what he's doing. It's not enough just to kill somebody like Speck, he wants us to know he did it. I talked to him. Eight, nine months ago. When I was at Computer Crime. I got into a chat room with someone named MyDick. I'd talked to him before. Everything I saw yesterday, everything in the autopsies, it's identical. The forensics are dead on. MyDick's fantasies involved a hog-tie rig, nylon cord, torture with pliers, rip the nipples -- when the "item" screams, she chokes. He had a thing about eyes, always the eyes -- stab their eyes. It's the same guy. Speck was MyDick. MyDick. As in my dick. That was his screen name. No. Koessler? Headed there now. The same shift will be on at noon. Yes, sir. I like working for the Bureau, sir. I like catching bad guys. It's all I care about. I wished to be reinstated at Computer Crimes. I was undiplomatic in my request. Four hundred and sixty, sir. I screwed up twice, sir. Updating the condition of all Bureau- owned vehicles in the southwest sector, sir. Thomas Mackelway. I believe it's in my file, sir. Yes, sir. Good morning, sir. Agent Salinas, sir. It's over for you. He's a brilliant man. Brilliant enough to catch you. I'm Agent Thomas Mackelway, FBI. There is no way you will escape. Assistant Deputy Director Richard Low is en route with another Agent. You may know Low by another name. You may know him by the name Murman. I am Lionheart.[I don't think so. We want the same thing. See ya.] [And I want to go back to Needlepoint.] [What does the file say?] [You tell me.] [Don't jerk a jerk-off. There's nothing in the Bureau mainframe.] [Not the heart, the watch.] [Hello, Agent Mackelway. How's the watch? Maybe you can do one of those TV commercials, I found my watch under a serial killer's heart and it was still ticking.] [If you wanted a good steak, you should have gone to Omaha.] [Ask for Leslie. Eight days from tonight, exactly one a.m. Be there if you dare. You cannot fool the Murman.] [The address is 147 South Rane. It's a lively address. You got a problem with dark meat?] [Not this way. Call it a little favor, call it a little thing I'm going to do for you. I'm going to make Chicago come alive for you. You'll owe me one.] [Follow me.] [You want to talk, Lionheart, or you want to take this a little more personal?] [Lionheart, what happened?] [Reality very risky.] [Fantasy time, girls, give it up, give it up.]The diner? Anybody talk to the press? Agents Duncan, Mackelway. Anything new? Agent Duncan, there's an interstate issue up on 54, run out there. Takes four days to chill, then its time to come back. Is that...? That's the thing. Don't know if it connects, but Harold here had a thing about eyes. Two of the victims had their eyes gouged out, another punctured. Took polaroids after. This is Agent Mackelway. I appreciate it, doctor. You know how it is, press screaming for answers, Washington's all over me. Ever handle a serial case? I'm not in the mood for Native American wisdom. Just hospital talk. Nothing that connects to Speck. Maybe something to do with Zorro. At the field office. Nada. Vague description, that's all. Fine-tooth-combed Speck's car, the diner: no fingerprints, no trace evidence. Speck's the killer all right. We got box loads of evidence. Did 'em all the same way: torture, strangulation. Prostitutes. I don't think we'll be able to write off any outstandings on him -- this is probably the full body count. Perhaps you can explain it to him. It's Agent Mackelway. What is it exactly I don't understand, Agent Mackelway? Excuse me, Agent Mackelway? 350 miles. But why attack an Agent? Speck is dead. I don't... "MyDick?" Hope you never do. At first it feels like a sauna, by the time you hit victim four it's a fucking burning shirt factory. The same. This case has sent bells and alarms ringing all the way to Washington. Your old boss is coming out. Got a vehicle? Head north on 54. When you get to New Mexico you've gone too far. Agent Mackelway, you want to get off your ass and do something for a change? Jesus, just what I need, another blue flamer. Johnny, get this boy some sun screen. This is a first. You criticized the Deputy Director to his face and you still have a badge? You must have some one-of-a-kind skills. Why don't you just quit? I mean, you're not going to get promoted, not wearing this jacket. "Attitude Adjustment Issues" -- what the fuck is that supposed to mean? I see that. Washington to Philadelphia to here. Philly's a nice station. How many agents? "Computer Investigation and Infrastructure Assessment Center." Quantico out of MIT -- you're a techie? Okay, you screwed up once. So did half the guys here. That's why they're here. Sounds like fun. Hot enough for you, Agent Mackelway? Hell's doorknob. What they got you doing? Johnny, get this man's file. Mackelway, right? What did you do to end up here? So you're the new meat?Not as much as you'd think. It's been customized for sleeping capacity. Mam, it's my truck. I know my own capacity. Not a discrepancy, an error. My capacity is 5.5 tons, not 6. Take your shirt off. You want to "profile" me? Find out what makes me "tick"? Write about me, go on a talk show, give me a nickname? Brilliant? You think he caught any of them because he was brilliant? Hardboy? MyDick? Imelda? Ripper? Think about it, how did he locate them? He found them as Murman. And how did Murder Man find them? With sweet talk and brains? No. He did it with souvenirs. He took them into private rooms, swapped goodies: pictures, panties, jewelry, body parts. Snuff downloads. As bait. That's why I never exchanged with him. He killed girls, oh yeah, harvested them. He had the best stuff. Richard Low is Murman and Murman is one of us. Murman!