But it didn't stop. I know it didn't stop. Granny told me it didn't. Anybody can see that. What's that, sir? Golly -- I'd like to see all your horses! Make them go faster, Mr.... ? Why? It don't hurt. Well, I thought he'd come in the middle. I think I'd like to begin with the fire-eater -- 'N Daniel Webster will be there. And two unpara-- unparalleled Cir-cass-ian beauties? What is that? No -- but I can hardly wait -- Mister -- tell me, will there really be -- -- a man that eats fire? Gee -- that Fair -- Well, I wouldn't mind. But my name's Daniel Stone. I don't want to be up there all alone, Mama.... I want to be with you. Mama! No, no, I don't want to go to bed. I want to be here for the party. No! No! I won't. It's mine, Ma! Pa made it for me -- and I'm not going to give it to anyone! Not me! Grandma, look at me! I did not, Grandma. But I like the new one better. Granny, when do we move to the new house?Say ... about the interest ... Thanks, Jabez -- I really wouldn't need very much ... if you could let me have some seed to start off with enough for spring planting ... Don't I? ... Say, that's mighty white of you, Jabez. Yes, but what does a farmer do if he don't want to get roped in some more by them loan sharks? Well -- here's how it is ...Tom Sharp, Eli Higgins and a couple of others been talking to me about -- that new sort of organization -- grange they call it. What you think about it? Kin you spare a moment for me Jabez? Howdy, Jabez.Who are these people? What are those people doing there? What do they want? Oh -- Didn't mean to talk like that in front of a lady. Get some wine for the Squire, Belle. Hey, you! Watch out there -- you're scuffing my Brussels carpet -- Consarn them. The -- folks or people, what's the difference among friends? We'll cook 'em ourselves. You'll help me, Belle. Golly, Belle, that was a good idea -- we should do that every morning. Let's dance together -- Belle. I'll take it. From over the mountain -- Now don't you worry about that. You just leave it all to me. We won't talk business now ... just bear this in mind ... I'm not the man to get rich on other people's hard luck.... No, sir... not me! ... Not at all, Hank ... not at all. Glad to help you. Oh -- you don't have to go to Miser Stevens while I'm around. I don't know -- don't seem much of an idea to me. Why, of course, Hank -- I've always got time for a neighbor. What's on your mind? Howdy, Hank. Why, thank you, Tom. I was going to ask you if you thought I could. I'll look out for myself! ... Now go away -- leave me alone. What Grange? What do you want? Black Dan'l? I am just thinkin' -- now they mightn't like the idea down in Washington. Sure does. But I'll have to sleep on it a couple of nights. Sure am. Too bad it didn't happen to Miser Stevens. Belle -- Never mind. What's your name? She couldn't be gone! You're not -- Dorothy. Stevens -- what's all this leading up to? You know something. Come on! Out with it -- you know something about me! Huh? -- What's that? Well -- what about it? Who cares, anyhow? All right -- so it's buried with you! Why do you fret about something that isn't there? Are you plumb crazy, man! What do you think happens? We're buried -- that's all. Afraid ... of what? What's the matter with you? Almost seven. No -- no, he's not seven yet I am sure -- Now run along, Daniel. I dunno -- I can't figure it out. I've invited them all. Why don't they come? No, you're not. Some other time, Stevens. Hello, Stevens ... you're early today. Doesn't satisfy, eh? Well -- that's too bad.... You know -- some folks are just lucky. Others pick gold right out of the air. Like that! -- in gold. I barely managed to scrape up a bit for you. I thought if I made a kind of part payment -- Stevens! You know darn well it is. Yes -- yes, I am the richest man -- too rich. I can't think of anything but money. That's the trouble with me. Yes, I did -- but you tricked me into signing it! You told me my soul was nothing ... that I could forget all about a soul, in exchange for money. That was a lie, a lie, a lie. Never! About what? No! No! No! Not him -- not my son -- I'd rather go with you -- right now. Anything -- anything. -- You can have it all back -- that money -- the new house -- my farm -- the whole caboodle! Not now! Not now! -- Let me make up -- let me make up. I have still a year -- a year to make up for everything. I'm through with you. My time isn't up yet. Are they all as -- small -- as that? He ain't dead -- he's dancing in there. You promised me prosperity, happiness, love, money, friendship -- Leave your tongue off of that! I don't care. Look here now-- The seventh day of April -- Well, I'll be -- No, no! Give it to me! What does it mean here -- about my soul? It's mine? Yes, why shouldn't it? Where did it come from? Well, now, Mister, that sounds all right. But-- Opportunities? You can't say that to me! I'm New Hampshire. If I say I called you, I did. I guess I did. Ma says breakfast's ready, Mr. Webster! Well, I -- There's no joy in it for me. Not long -- now. Yes -- at midnight. Yes, Mr. Webster -- it was here where it all began. It's your fault! You brought Daniel Webster here -- just to try to make a fool of me! You played the sneak behind my back -- made up all sorts of lies against me! You can get yourself out of my home -- go back to the other house -- that old place, where you belong -- I don't want to -- to talk to you again! I -- I don't know what you're talking about! I -- I haven't time to listen to all this -- Contracts? -- Yes, they have contracts with me -- lots of 'em -- but -- but that's all right. Without me and my money, they wouldn't have anything. What -- what's on your mind? Well -- Mr. Webster! This is a great day for me. Come on in, sir. I want you to take the seat of honor and meet all my guests! Mr. Webster -- I'd like you to meet my wife, Mary. Thanks, Mr. Webster! To the champion of the whole United States -- Dan'l Webster! Seems like it's my fault, Mr. Webster. Thank you, Mr. Webster. Ten throws -- Mr. Webster? Shake! How much? Oh yes -- I am -- want to bet? That's fine. Now you can tell people all about the house, but don't mention Webster. Now, Squire, you're not going to let me down. We still want to do a lot of business together, don't we? Yes siree -- that's the idea. Get them all here and then say: "Look, folks -- here's Daniel Webster, my guest of honor." Golly, I can see their eyes pop already. You keep that -- that's for you. I want you to talk up the party to make sure that the best folks really come. You think that's a joke? I had him on there too, but I was afraid Dan'l Webster might feel insulted. Now look -- here's a list of the people I invited -- they're all the right kind of people -- or did I miss anybody? Yes -- and that's the reason I wanted to talk with you. You got my invitation? Dan'l Webster is coming to my party. Oh yes -- yes. Won't take a minute. Can you keep a secret? You really think so? Howdy, Squire! Howdy! Oh -- how do you do, Squire. But -- I was just lucky. Selectman? Selectman of the village? Me? Camomile tea! Headache -- Squire? Mighty good of you to come out, Squire -- sparing all this time to -- Sheriff, too -- and Schoolmaster -- mighty nice. Come right into the parlor, won't you, folks. Why -- good morning, Squire. Shall we? Mary! You must go now, Mary -- you must! Mary! Come back ... Mr. Webster ... Wait! ... Mary! What's the matter with 'em? Why don't they come? Think this room is larger than anything Webster's got at Marshfield? You've been there. What about it, Mary? Why don't they come -- Oh, for heaven's sake, leave me alone! It shows on your face. He's my son and I like him the way he is. Why do you always have to pick on him? If it's not the boy it's me. You don't like the way I live -- you don't like my friends, or my new house -- or anything. Isn't that your own fault? You're not supposed to punish my son, Mary. What happened.... Where are you taking him? What in sugar hill's the matter with him? Well -- I -- I- Mary -- Mary -- but look -- it didn't touch an ear of my corn -- we'll have a rich harvest. I wasn't used to being big -- wasn't used to thinking in big ways. Now, I've made up my mind. And I don't want to have a washwoman for a wife. Well -- that's the last time -- we'll have servants to do it. But it's not very becoming to you to have your hands in the suds -- when the Squire and his wife -- I'm serious. That's one thing I want to talk to you about, Mary. You could have knocked me down with a feather -- Selectman -- me. Mary! I'm -- Selectman of Cross Corners! Thanks, Mary. Mary, get three cups of camomile tea for the Squire and the rest. They all feel colds coming on. Mary -- Yes -- you are right, Mary. I can almost hear the little blades of grass a-starting up -- All the seeds a-stirring underneath the ground -- Mary -- you just wait and see -- It's all -- just the beginning -- just the beginning -- of everything. I'll be the biggest man in New Hampshire and you'll be the wife of the biggest man. There is nothing to worry about now. Tired? Remember, Mary, how he said it: "Couldn't have done better myself, Jabez Stone," and it was my first speech. I don't know what came into me, Mary. I just stood up and the words came flowing like water out of my mouth. Yes, Mary. It's been a long day. Looks right elegant, Mary. Will you come into town with me tomorrow? Mary -- look! Hessian gold. I found it in the barn. Mary -- what would you do? Mary -- what would you do with a pot o' gold? I'll get the doctor. Mary -- how do you feel? Mary-- You're right, Mary it's a fine calf. That's why Stevens'll take it for the rest of the payment. Seed alone won't do, Mary. We have to throw the calf in. I will, Mary -- always thought a man could be stronger alone -- seems I've been wrong about that. Mary, I'm a farmer -- always will be. To me seed isn't a thing to pay debts with, it's alive, more alive than anything -- but I guess you're right. We just got to do it. Oh -- how's it all going to end? To save us work on the spring plowing? If the pig hadn't broke his leg, we could have taken him. Yes -- I had to pay the vet in full. He just wouldn't have treated the horse this time. After all, we can't very well do without a horse. Mary -- it's gone. Your butter money? Well -- what are we going to do? If it would only move old Miser Stevens -- We've still got to pay him. " ... and if the final vote shall leave thousands of our fellow citizens and their families in hopeless distress, can we -- members of the Government -- go to our beds with a clear conscience, can we, without self- reproach, supplicate the Almighty Mercy to forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors? It's Tom Sharp and two other fellers -- Oh, glory -- where's my pants? Well, I'll be -- there's a rig, turning in, by the gate. Hold the splint tighter -- it's almost done. Go on reading, Ma. This man, Job, he had troubles, didn't he? That's what we said. I remember Dad used to say sometimes, when they were handing out hard luck, the farmers got there first. Yep. I think his leg is broken. You're right, Mary. What is that smile on your face? Is there anything wrong with me? All right -- only he needn't dirty my pants! Down, Shep! Down! Coming. Ma -- Ma -- it's all right, Ma! Ma! ... Where's Mary ... and little Dan'l? I want you to fix these fish! Sure, Ma. Golly, Ma -- Consarn that music! Shouldn't a-had the harvest festival tonight. Ma -- is she? -- Make out? We'll do better than that! I never thought I'd be glad for bad luck, but I am. I never thought I'd be glad of a hail storm at harvest time, but I am! Oh, bless ye the works of the Lord in the hail and the storm and the rain! I say -- it don't matter. It don't matter! Ma -- and yet, a man could change that, couldn't he? I know, Ma, but -- Suppose a man got his money in bad ways -- Do you really think that? Money -- money's a funny thing, ain't it, Ma? Me -- a son. I feel -- fidgety, Ma -- not right at all. Queer sort of weather we're having -- queer like everything else. My son! Do you really think, Ma.... Now look here, Ma. I'm not a boy anymore. I want that understood. I don't aim to stay a one-horse farmer the rest of my life. Mary's got to be the kind of wife a -- a big man needs -- Say, Mary, how is your shoulder? But it's true. Take 'em up in your hands, Mary -- feel 'em -- they're real all right. Aren't you glad? Yes -- I was getting the seed -- I stumbled -- I saw one of the boards warped up a bit -- and -- there it was. I can't help it. I mean it, I tell you. I've had more than my share. Nothing ever goes right for me -- nothing! And why should I? Let him howl if it makes him feel good. Consarn it. He's better off than I am! I wish I could tell Him... ... up there, just what I think. I dunno. Helps sometimes to say it. Yes -- and you figgered right, consarn it! How'd you know to have the calf ready, Ma? There! Guess that ought to hold good. Put him down here, by the fire, Mary. But we don't want to get him too close -- we'll have roast pork for supper. That's right, Ma -- we ain't licked yet. A Stone's never licked till he's dead -- that's what Dad used to say, didn't he, Ma? Hard luck -- like me. Sorry, Ma -- but this consar-- this little pig -- He won't let me fix him -- Consarn the consarn -- Belle, give the Sheriff a cup of rum. Come in, Sheriff. Very well, folks. I accept. And you didn't get it, hey? Come on, we'll have another talk with him. Hello, Sheriff. Let him try it. It's all right, Sheriff.I see you! Riding pretty high, ain't you? Look out you don't fall off. Lan's to goodness, what happened to that hen? Did you use that beanshooter again? That's just too bad -- Move? -- We are not going to move -- the old one is good enough for us. Of course it's all right, son. You had Daniel Webster, didn't ye? Breakfast's ready! I've made a special surprise for Mr. Webster. Gone with Daniel Webster -- to Marshfield, son.... You told Mary to go-- My son ... what's the matter? And I say she won't! I'll not have the scorn of God on this place -- with the smell of fish in it, polluting up the Sabbath! And as for you -- let me tell you, young woman...! You go down and see what's keeping Dorothy. Fiddlesticks! She don't hear it. Got better music to listen to than that. There -- that's what I mean. You'll be a father any minute now. Now that's the way to talk, Son! I know you worked hard for that crop. But we'll make out. What's that you say, Son? Oh, here you are, Jabez. Lan's, I was worried about you.... Hail in August! The crops will be ruined! A man can always change things, Son. That's what makes him different from barnyard critters. You see, son? I'm old and I've lived. When a man gets his money in bad ways -- when he sees the better course and takes the worse -- then the devil is in his heart -- and that fixes him. Wouldn't profit him none. Why, that's just sense, Son. Now a man like Daniel Webster -- guess they pay him high for what he does. But he's worth it -- and he helps others. Makes all the difference. I figure that depends a mite on how you get it and how you spend it, Son. Lan's, I'd think you was having the baby, to hear you. Well, thank the Lord you can always depend on New England for weather. We've got enough for the whole United States. Oh, go along with you! As if it mattered to a grandma! But p'raps you got an even chance. It won't be the first baby ever born in this house. There! Made me drop a stitch! Sit down, you make me nervous! Lan's, that's the way a man always is. Thinks his son's the most important thing in the world. Well, son, I'm glad to see a Stone come up in the world again. Well -- that's comforting! Supper. Most outlandish thing I ever heard tell. Don't seem right, somehow! You found it in the barn, hey? Hush up such talk, Jabez! Well ... make him keep quiet. What's ailing that dog? All right, son -- if it helps. That's a word you're too free with lately, Jabez, consarn this and consarn that ... I just figgered -- knew you didn't have enough bills. Not on the Sabbath you won't, Jabez! Now, Jabez Stone -- as for what you're calling hard luck -- well, we made New England out of it. That and codfish. You know that, son. Jabez! What kind of talk is that for the Sabbath? And me a-reading the holy word! "There was a man in the land of Uz whose name was Job; and that man was perfect and upright, and one that feared God and eschewed evil." Be sure to let me know if Daniel is over there. Ah, fiddlesticks -- you are old enough to know what you are doing. So you've made up your mind to go to the party. What's that? Me? Why, look here, Mary Stone -- I'm worried about you, that's all. Fox hunting -- a Stone going fox hunting on a week day -- and the earth crying out for the touch of him! She'll do nothing of the kind! She's going to church with me, right away! Mary! Ready? First bell's a-ringing! The new girl -- Jabez says; she is from over the mountain. Yes, Mrs. Slossum told me -- Lucy can't even keep a secret -- Selectman -- my son -- well, who would have thought of that? H'm. Hessian gold. Well -- hope it'll do us more good than it did the Hessians. Let her be, son. She'll do all right. You better get yourself straightened out. Land sakes, I don't mind. I never did hold much with Job, even if he is Scripture. He took on too much to suit me. I don't want to malign the man, but he always sounded to me as if he came from Massachusetts. Yes, Mary, you go ahead and read. Well, I guess we won't be going to church today. Mary -- Jabez --Yes, sir -- I guess I do -- Gee -- Gee, would you, Mr. Webster? Honest? Martin Van Buren Aldrich and my Pa's the only Democrat in Cross Corners. He said you had horns and a tall, Mr. Webster, but I ain't seen 'em yet.Just someone from New Hampshire! Someone to see you, Dan'l! Hey there, Dan'l! Black Dan'l!Gentlemen, the prosecution rests. But, Mr. Stone, I am hardly to blame for the pricking of your wholly unnecessary conscience. Is this your signature? That is highly irrelevant to this case, Your Honor. Jabez Stone -- did you or did you not sign this document? Are you willing to give me your son in exchange for an extension of our contract? Well now, Mr. Stone, did you make up your mind? Come, come, Mr. Stone, you are a little upset. It's not fair to bargain with you now. -- I'll give you until midnight, Mr. Stone, but not one minute more. Ah, then you'll come with me indeed. I'm afraid that's hardly the sort of security I was thinking of -- You see -- there is that promising little fellow, your son ... Suddenly you seem quite desperate, Mr. Stone -- -- You know I'm a good-natured man. I'm always open to reason. With a little security -- I might-- Oh no, you violated clause five of our contract and I could collect right now, if I chose. What a headstrong fellow! Well -- I guess you're quite prepared to suffer the consequences. Trying to break our contract again, Mr. Stone? Small? Oh, I see what you mean. Why, they vary. Now a man like Daniel Webster, if I ever get hold of him, I'd have to build a special box for him and even at that, I imagine, the wing spread would be astonishing. In your case -- He was -- .... Miser Stevens' soul, Mr. Stone. Yes -- I am sorry for the disturbance. Just a minute, neighbor Stone. I promised you money and all that money can buy. I don't recall any other obligations. But let's look at the contract. Why, Mr. Stone, you look so worried. Can I be of any service? Oh, certainly. I shan't even come to the christening -- it would be tactless and in wretched bad taste. But I may send a friend of mine -- just for old sake's sake. Yes, I might do that. But you should, now that you are becoming a father. Oh come, Neighbor Stone. I wouldn't cut that tree if I were you. It means a breach of contract. Good evening, Neighbor Stone. 1840. Well, that'll take us to the seventh day of April in 1847. Yes, indeed. But not now. Not for seven years. Oh, I almost forgot -- what is the date? Excellent. A firm, fair signature. One that will last till doomsday. My dear Neighbor Stone, I congratulate you! You're going to be the richest man in New Hampshire! A pin, Neighbor Stone! I'm afraid, you'll have to prick your finger -- but what's a little pain to a lucky man? Well, why should that worry you. A soul -- a soul is nothing. Can you see it, smell it, touch it? -- No! -- Think of it -- this soul -- your soul -- a nothing, against seven whole years of good luck! You will have money and all that money can buy. Upon my word, Neighbor Stone, if it weren't for my firm's reputation for generous dealing-- That's right, Mr. Stone -- there is -- -- just one little formality. I'd like your signature here -- see. And when it's done -- it's done for seven years. It's our usual form. Of course -- we may be able to take up the question of a renewal in due time. Yes, of course, people forgot -- or the men who knew about it died, you know how these things happen. Oh, you know the old story -- the Hessian wagon train that was ambushed on the way to Saratoga. Some of the gold has been buried under your barn! A clever man like yourself -- he can find money anywhere. Money to pay his bills -- money for his wife and his children -- money to be a rich man. All he needs is a friend to point it out to him. Like that! Of course. Why man, you have one of the richest farms in the county. You just go about it the wrong way -- so many men do. Hard work -- well, that's all right for people who don't know how to do anything else. It's all right for people who aren't lucky -- but once you're lucky -- you don't work for other people. You make them work for you. You've had a lot of bad luck these days. And yet -- it's all so unnecessary. When I think of your opportunities -- Do you deny that you called me? I've known people in other States who went back on their word. But I didn't expect it in New Hampshire. My congratulations -- as between two gentlemen. Your Honor -- gentlemen of the jury -- this case need not detain us long. It concerns one thing alone -- the transference, barter and sale of a certain piece of property, to wit, his soul by Jabez Stone. That transference, barter or sale is attested by a deed. I offer that deed in evidence and mark it Exhibit A. The quick or the dead! You have said it. May -- the best man win, Mr. Webster! Very well. -- You shall have your trial, Mr. Webster. The case is hardly one for an ordinary jury -- You mean -- a jury trial? And who with better right? When the first wrong was done to the first Indian, I was there. When the first slaver put out for the Congo, I stood on the deck. Am I not spoken of, still, in every church in New England? 'Tis true, the North claims me for a Southerner, and the South for a Northerner, but I am neither. To tell the truth, Mr. Webster, though I don't like to boast of it, my name is older in the country than yours. Foreign? And who calls me a foreigner? There, Mr. Webster. All open and above-board and in due and legal form. Your spirited efforts on behalf of your clients do you credit, Mr. Webster -- If you have no more arguments to adduce I'll take him along now. Talk has never proved that question, Mr. Webster! Cup for cup -- what do you say? Oh .. not that you ever get drunk! No, indeed! But a kind of overpowering lassitude or, more plainly, a deep and enveloping sleep. It even kicked back -- once at you, didn't it? Scratch will do for the evening. May I -- join you? Mr. Webster, I presume? Pretty good -- that's perfect! I'll be there, too! With the presidential election coming up, I thought I could be of some help, sir. It's only a short drive, Mr. Webster. Oh, that's what you want -- well, you can be perfectly honest with Jabez Stone -- now. Why don't you? You can talk to me ... The loneliness? Lonely with all your gold, Mister Stevens? That hardly makes sense. My money? Why, Mister Stevens? What a quaint idea. Come over to the door. I want to speak to you privately. Stop throwing away that money. We mustn't let people see any softness in you, Mister Stevens.... People take advantage of softness, you know. Come out of there -- I'll give you an extension if you'll forget this stupid repentance idea.Jabez -- seems like I've been hearing talk around. Reverend Harper thinks more Cross Corners folk oughter be in church, Sabbath morning. It seems such an obvious candidature to us all. Hello, Jabez -- I was just talking to Stevens about a little extension on your payment. The law is the law. Good-bye, Mary. Wish I could really do something for you. But you know Stevens. He'll throw you off your farm tomorrow if you don't pay him tonight. Yep -- you can't get around that mortgage. -- I'm sorry, Jabez.5000 -- that's just what I owe you. Why not -- ? You are not so sure that he'll come. Well -- yes -- You mean that's all you had me come out here for? You want me to go around -- The only one you missed -- is the President. Yes. Dan'l Webster? Why of course -- Well, Jabez -- I'm a little pressed for time. You wanted to discuss something -- some business -- How do you do, Belle? How are you, Jabez? Well -- mighty elegant house you got here. Well? Don't a politician have to be? And so, Jabez Stone, in the name of the Whig Party of Cross Corners, we offer you the nomination of that party for Selectman. Worst I had in years -- ahem -- starting a spring cold, I guess -- er -- don't happen to have a bit of camomile tea in the house, do you, Stone? Oh! Ahem -- Neighbor Stone, we want-- Ahem -- we want to have a little confidential talk with you, Neighbor Stone. Don't like to take a man away from his planting -- but sometimes -- Morning, Jabez. Coming along, Jabez?I do -- and I think you should too. What if one hasn't a soul any more? What of that? Don't say that -- I know it is -- But what becomes of our souls? -- of what happens after we die! You are afraid! Well -- it seems to me -- I remember when you paid me-- What a fine boy you have, Jabez. How old is he now? Where's everybody? Good evening -- I'm sorry, Jabez -- I'm a little late. Yes, I wanted to get here before the others.... I want to talk to you alone. Mornin', Jabez ... Real! Sheriff, you are a witness that this money is paid me voluntarily, and while it does not satisfy the mortgage, it has become my property. I'd like to know where you'd get it.... No, Stone! Well, Stone -- have you got the money? I can't be honest with them. No, no ... I want to talk to men ... to people in Cross Corners ...to my neighbors ... I want someone to talk to ... That isn't it. It's ... the loneliness, Mr. Scratch ... the loneliness! I wanted to give it all to the church.We'll be mighty glad to have you with us. Jabez -- will you join our Grange now? Well -- we don't mean to force you, Jabez Stone -- but -- it's only for your own good. That farmers' association -- we were talking about the other day. Howdy, Mr. Stone. We've come round to ask you if you made up your mind to join the Grange? Why not! There's a bill up in Congress to give us a uniform law of bankruptcy. Daniel Webster is fighting for it right now-- That's fair enough, Jabez. Man's got a right to mull things over. We'll drive round again, week or so. Yes, it's the debt and the lien and the mortgage that eats up the farmer! Are you one of old Stevens' customers too? Loan shark -- hey?No, siree, it didn't. And it won't -- no matter what happens -- just as long as the folks at the fair believe in freedom and Union. So -- Giddyap, Constitution -- and let's keep going, Mr. Stone. You're wrong, Mr. Stone. There are people who live and die without e'er seeing it. They can't see the country for the money in their pockets -- And some think their state's the country, or the way they live is the country, and they're willing to split the country because of that. Well, I hope you'll meet all those, when you're grown. You'll meet the fire-eaters and the Circassian beauties -- that's part of the fair, to be sure. But if we'd had to depend on them, in a permanent way, the country would have stopped at the Allegheny mountains. Well -- it's high and it's wide and it goes a long way and there is a wind blowing through it and a blue roof over it -- it's the hills up here and the rivers running south and the new States growing in the West. Maybe you can, sometime, Daniel. I'm a farmer, you know, and like to show my farm -- but the thing I'd like to show you most, you'll have to see for yourself. No, Daniel -- they are not race horses. They are good old friends of mine. I call 'em Constitution and Bill of Rights, the most dependable pair for long journeys. I've got one called Missouri Compromise, too, and then there's a Supreme Court -- fine, dignified horse, though you do have to push him now and then. It does hurt! And don't you do it again. Daniel! Don't ever let me catch you doing that again! And serve him right! And what about Daniel Webster? A varied list of attractions. And which would you like to see first, Dan'l? Young man -- you got me there. Guess there will, if it says so. It hasn't opened yet? All right, Daniel. Jump in. Hello, Colonel! Want a lift? Breakfast ... Ah! ... Come along friends, Ma Stone's a cook this side of heaven. I know -- that was mighty queer Medford -- knew it the minute I tasted it. But it takes more than that to down Daniel Webster. You were worried, Jabez, weren't you? Oh, come, man, come. Just because you've sold your soul to the devil that needn't make you a teetotaler. There's nothing like it. I saw an inchworm take a drop of it once, and he stood right up on his hind legs and bit a bee. Come -- try a nip! Then I'll just christen the jug, with your permission, Stone. Somehow or other, waiting's wonderfully shorter with a jug. They make plucky women in New England. H'm ... how long have we to wait? I see. And this is where he'd like to collect, too. It's here you said that you closed the deal with him? No -- you haven't time -- You haven't time for your mother, or your wife, or your child. I'm sorry you can't see that, I know you could once -- you made a little speech once, that I'll always remember and I know the others do too -- They remember and they see how you have changed. That's why they didn't want to come tonight to you, Jabez -- you're as blind as a Burma bat, with your gold pot! Mind you, it's not the money, I've been talking about, it's what you make of it. They'd have a good neighbor, Jabez -- and that's worth much more than anything else -- much, much more! You, Jabez Stone -- you and a lot of poor farmers, hereabouts -- good men of the earth who are in trouble because of you. Or -- am I wrong about those contracts, Mr. Stone? That's just fine, Neighbor Stone -- but -- I have to be pretty careful of my seats of honor -- where I sit, I mean. You see, the whole country sort of has its eye on me, Jabez -- anybody in public life has that difficulty -- even you, Jabez. They watch us carefully, our neighbors and our enemies, and they see much more than we think they do -- and understand much more. My friends all like to think that I've got the good of mankind always at heart, and I've got to make sure that those I deal with have the good of mankind always at heart, too. Do you know what I'm talking about, Jabez? Well -- I'll be -- if it isn't little Mary Sampson from Franklin. Eloquent speech, Neighbor Stone -- couldn't have done better myself -- -- under the circumstances. Thank you. Here's a man who knows what's good for Dan'l Webster! Medford rum! Ah, a breath of the Promised Land! To the champion of the Iron Horseshoe, Jabez Stone! Not at all, lad -- not at all. For a good game of horseshoes I would always sacrifice fame and acclaim. I don't seem to be so very popular after all -- in Cross Corners. You win. Will you ride to the village with me, Mr. Stone? Ten throws it is. Of course. And you tell your father for me -- we may be on opposite sides of the fence, but I'm always glad to hear of a man who holds to his own opinions. As long as people do that -- the country's all right. Do you understand, Martin? Well, Martin, I only wear them in Washington -- that's the trouble. But if you ever come down there, I'll show them to you. What are you looking for, Colonel? What's your name? There is nothing like a good old country breakfast. Where's Ma? I'll do my best, Mary. Mary -- what love and trust could do for your husband, you've done. And frankly, in a very few moments, this is going to be no place for a lady. Are you, Mary? Well, I guess I'm glad myself -- seeing as how you feel this way. Party seems to be quite a success. Lots of guests, anyhow. And now come on, Mary. I want to show you the all-fired biggest parsnips in the whole United States, raised right here in Marshfield -- of course! Mary -- you've talked to me as you might have talked to your father and I believe he wants me to help you a little. You see, sometimes we think we're licked in this life -- but we weren't put here to be licked. Don't you believe it. Sometimes the shadows seem to get hold of us -- the shadows and the evil -- but it is still up to us to fight. Now I was thinking before you came, of coming over to Cross Corners end of the month, to get acquainted with my Godson -- and other things. You don't have to defend him to me, Mary -- I've been called names myself. I've heard some odd things about Jabez lately -- he seems to make the wrong kind of name for himself. Yes, you've chatted a lot, woman-like nibbling around the edge -- But, Mary, forgive an old lawyer's legal mind, I don't think you ever once came to the point. And there is a point, isn't there? No, you wouldn't -- You're not the sort of woman that's afraid of smoke -- or fire -- But now let's talk about your affairs. Well -- she hardly ever comes here -- she's not the type of woman who cares to live in the country. Yes -- I'm all on my own -- sometimes it makes you feel a little lonely -- Do you mind if I indulge? Well Mary, it's too bad I didn't know -- I would have given you a real dinner, but with my wife being in Washington -- Have another piece of pie -- You've got a smart man, Mrs. Stone. Hang onto him. Why, that's different! Well, boys, I guess we'll knock off. I've got to see a friend. If it's the British Minister, take him around to the pantry and give him some Madeira -- Hullooo! Why, you long-barreled, slab-sided, lantern- jawed, note-shaving crook, be off with you ... I object. I'll drink to that, Mr. Scratch! Let it be the quick or the dead -- So it is an American judge and an American jury! I do! If I can't win this case with a jury, you shall have me, too. If two New Hampshire men aren't a match for the devil, we'd better give this country back to the Indians. Then I stand on the Constitution! I demand a trial for my client. Well, I never heard the dev-- of your claiming American citizenship. H'm. This appears -- I say appears -- to be properly drawn. But you shall not have this man! A man isn't property! Mr. Stone is an American citizen, and no American citizen may be forced into the service of a foreign prince. Not so fast, Mr. Scratch. Produce your evidence -- if you have it. Cup for cup! There isn't enough Medford rum in the whole of New Hampshire to make me sleepy. Me? Why, certainly -- but be careful, Mr. Scratch -- Medford rum has an uncanny habit of kicking back, even with old-timers like yourself. Attorney of record for Jabez Stone. Might I ask your name? Say, that's pretty good, young man. I'd rather see you on the side of the opposition. Oh -- it's you again. What do you want?