He would just go off, you know, start tearin' the place down. You didn't even know why he was doin' it half the time, you just got out of his way... Yeah. Cuz I mean I don't want him to be like me. How many active cases you have? Sorry, Em, we all are. Exhausted, her career path questionable, her faith in mankind shaken, she resisted her tendency toward introspection and went to have a drink with her friend Doug. I am so in your head. Regrettably, yes. That you have a four-year degree and make seventeen grand a year after taxes? Everybody's full of it. In the end you're a number to call for people who don't have anyone else. There's no way that's bad. Hey. So one of us is a major screwup, I can't remember if I was supposed to call you or the other way around...? Hi. (then to Emily) Listen, my ride's leaving, let's catch up soon, okay? So anyway, I've done some soul searching and I just want to say that if a full-on relationship feels like too much right now, I'd be willing to consider a purely physical one. Hey, you might actually enjoy yourself. I know, I know, the job, you get home you don't have anything left. No laws against being weird, Em. Send it over to CMC, we'll do a follow-up in a month. Wait, did you just fly to New York and meet my parents? Wanna know what I can feel? The lawsuit we're gonna get hit with if we violate her parents' rights without any evidence they've done something wrong. Yeah, well, maybe because every time I make an emotional decision I get called by one. I'm sorry, you're gonna have to let this one go. They really are God's miracles. Day she was born was the happiest day of our lives. We're not perfect parents, we know that, but we figure if you let `em know how much you love `em a lot of the other stuff takes care of itself. Course it does, she's our daughter. Bad dreams? So they're overcompensating a little. Did you hear your parents say they were going to hurt you? I think you'd do just about anything you had to do to help a child you thought was at risk. Here are the facts, Emily. They haven't laid a finger on her that we can tell. And we have no proof they intend to. Meanwhile on your desk right now are thirty-plus cases of actionable abuse. What about those? Yes, you are, you're leaving this alone. That's a little unfair, don't you think? I care about these kids as much as you do, but we can't go around yanking them out of their homes on a hunch. Parents, even bad ones, have rights, that's how the laws of this great land are written. Was just thinking about you, got a nice letter from Sandy Hutchinson... Well, it's sitting in front of me which means our good friend Wayne thinks it fails to meet the criteria for child endangerment and has told you in no uncertain terms to leave it alone...? I can't, Emily. I'm sorry. You know how dear to my heart the work you do is, but the department doesn't pay me to stakeout potential child abusers. Last time almost cost me my job. Sickening as that is, you're a part of the system that handles those situations, I'm not. Maybe you just need to let it work. Okay. No bullshit. Give me evidence of a crime, I'll be all over it. Till then there's nothing I can do. Hey, this is Doug, here it comes - What are we doing here? They're asleep. I didn't hear anything. Police, open up! The hell's the matter with you people?! Prosecution asks that you disallow an insanity defense. This was an act committed with premeditation, malice Your honor, the egregiousness of the crime makes the competency question all the more relevant. Yes. I hereby order the defendants undergo psychiatric evaluation to determine their mental fitness for trial. Well, you're gonna hate me for saying this, but my money's on crazy. It's not that simple sometimes. When we brought them in that night they told Captain Lister... They think she's evil, some kind of demon spirit, minion of the devil or something. No, but that might be the world they're living in. -- and what's the most important thing we talked about that you have to remember? That's right and you know what? It's not. That is some seriously proactive social work happenin' there. You all right? Typical reaction, blames herself. We'll get there. I'm gonna put her in a group setting, see if I can get her to open up. They were supposed to call you. We don't have any rooms. There was a mixup with the dates. Sorry. I trust ya, Em, make sure you lock it on the way out. Sometimes when our parents aren't getting along it's better if they don't see each other for a while, that's what a `restraining order' does... She's starting to come out of her shell. It's good, I just wish I thought it was me making the difference. Hatred and fear are part of the same pathology - oh, but I forgot, you don't think they're crazy. Why don't we talk in my office. We don't know why yet, but... he killed his mother and father last night. Sure you want to see this? Gets a tire iron from the garage, comes back inside, locks all the doors and windows, kills them in their sleep... Had to use dental records to identify the bodies. I was there when they brought him in. Took three guys my size to subdue him. Kid was climbing the walls. Just your average American family. Juvie lockup. And, no, I'm not taking you to see him. I know what happened. Are they dead? I killed my mum and dad... Every family you sit down with every day of every week is a family in crisis. Those are your odds. That's the job you do. Trying to beat them. You're one person, Em. You can't save the world. I know somebody you did save. I need another set of eyes to go over them, make sure we haven't missed anything else. It's just a legal thing. You'll have them back tomorrow. You watch, six months, their lawyer will hire some expert to say they're rehabbed and they'll sue for custody when they get out. I didn't hear you say that. We pulled the Martinezes' phone records. They got a call that night before the murders. Emily, the call came from your house. Look, I'm not accusing you of anything, I just need to know what was said. I'm talking to you as a friend here, you know that, right? Then who did? Go find the guy who broke in and just happened to dial the number of a kid whose case you handle. We're trying to figure out why. He got a call Thursday night from this number. I'm just wondering if he might have said anything... You didn't call him? Lucy, it's hard sometimes to tell the truth, but I know you will because you're a good little girl. The call was at 2 am, are you ever up that late? Are you ever up that late? Yeah, maybe so. Night, Lucy. She's lying. Copy of the Sheridans' psych evals for the file. And the cognitive profile Lucy did for me the other day. Normal. You have to beg. Coming from an environment like that, testing this normal is a bit abnormal, if that makes any sense. I think she faked it, gave the answers she thought she should. She's ashamed of who she is. Ashamed of how she feels. Afraid nobody would want her if they saw the real her. (off Emily's reaction) It's no big deal, it just means I might have to push her a little. Did you ask her about it? What do you think? Hmm. Bring her in after work, I'll do a one-on-one. I wanted to talk to her about this anyway. El dijo... Era un hombre. Knock, knock. Sorry I'm late, guys. Ready, kiddo? Go ahead down, I'll be right there. You all right? So how's school? Any of your classmates giving you a hard time? Sleeping okay? You got me. Question 16a, are you afraid of the dark? You answered `no'. Question 16b, are you afraid of being alone? `No'. 16c, are afraid of your parents? `No'. You answered `no' to everything in that section. I think some of those should have been yesses. Everybody is afraid of something. Working through our fears, conquering them, is how we get better. So I want you to tell me... What scares you? Fair enough. When I was twelve I was climbing a tree and I accidentally put my hand through a giant hornets' nest. They didn't like it. I got stung over a hundred times. They had to rush me to the hospital. I've been afraid of hornets ever since. Don't climb many trees either. Everybody has fears. Now, what scares you? You scare yourself? Why, what about yourself scares you? About what? People in general or certain people? Like who? You have bad thoughts about me? Why? Was there something I said or did that upset you? How am I? Facile? (she nods yes) Do you even know what that means? Well, if, um, if I seemed `smug' or `facile' I want to - Why? Talked to a lot of ten-year-olds, I don't think I've ever felt like that before... Threatened. I know a specialist, I'll call him in the morning. Don't let her get in your head. Hello? Hello...? Try again, sorry. FUCK! Hey, this is Doug, here it comes - (trying to remember) Winters -- oh, right, Douglas. Family? Compression fracture of the third and forth vertebrae. Severed his spinal cord. Actual cause of death was... suffocation. It appears all his injuries were self- inflicted, yes. Miss, I would never presume to know your friend better than you. But the injuries suggest he was trying to hurt himself. Unfortunately, he succeeded. I am sorry. Truly, I am shocked every day by the violence people do to themselves. Listen. You're still in shock. Let's Look, I don't know, all I'm saying is a kid in his state of mind maybe isn't the most reliable witness. Emily. I already did. There were no calls from your house. And by forcing your daughter into the oven, can you tell me, what did you think the outcome would be? Yes. Why? And why was it God's will that you should kill your daughter? Why is that funny, Margaret? You're her mother...? Help me understand. If you and Edward are Lucy's biological parents, how can she not be yours? Not Of you? Who is she Of? What is she Of? You think your daughter is the devil? Evil incarnate? And why do you think that? How do you know this? Could you give me an example? Visions of what? I see. Any other `special abilities'? She kills people? You blame Lucy for their deaths? Why do you imagine you were spared? THE HELL DID I JUST SAY?! Edward, please calm -- YOU AND YOUR GODDAMN QUESTIONS! YOU IT'S NOT CHILD KILLING IF SHE'S NOT A ...Woke up screaming, absolutely convinced she was on fire. She wasn't, of course, they managed to sedate her. But it's curious, she displays all the symptoms of a burn patient. Except the burns themselves... In no condition for visitors as you can see. If you'd like, I could let you see Mr Sheridan? Who died? You're scared. You oughta be. You judged us before you ever walked in that house. Sat there in our living room tellin' us about our problems, how to be better parents - certain of everything and dead wrong about all of it. Ask what you came to ask. Can tell you what she's not. She not a daughter of mine. She's not a ten-year- old having trouble in school. She's not some innocent victim whose door you busted down and life you saved. And she's not going no place, lady, till she's good and done with you. However she wants. You think it's an accident her ending up with you? She saw you coming a mile away. You have that you're good. Kindness. Decency. That's what she feeds on. Bleeds ya dry, moves onto the next. We were a big family, she went through us like a wrecking ball. And you know, every time something happened, every time, we had an excuse for why it wasn't her fault. Cuz it's easier to lie to yourself than think bad things about your baby girl. But finally we got to a point where me and Maggy looked at each other - (remembers so clearly) - where we looked at each other and we was out of lies, both of us. Most terrifying moment of our lives. And that's where you are now. I'll tell you this. She sees everything. And what she doesn't see she just sort of senses it, like when you call a friend and they pick up before it rings? 66. Only time you got the upper hand is when she's sleepin' but she almost never does. We checked on her every night for three months. Every twenty minutes, up and down those stairs. First time she slept was the night you kicked in my front door. To know... what your idea of hell is... and make you live there. I'm not a hateful man. I look at you and I wish I could tell you you're through the worst of it. That it's gonna work out for you in the end. I wish I could. How strong's your faith? That what you're looking for? Emily...? You wanna end up where they did keep talking like this. (off her look) I'm not judging you. You're grieving for Doug and you're still confused about what Diego did. Diego grew up in a bad home, he saw violence and he repeated it, that's the cycle, you know that better than anyone. `Cause she's a liar, that doesn't mean she made him do it. Look, let me tell you what Lucy is. Lucy is a damaged child, a deceitful child, a manipulative child. But a damaged, deceitful, manipulative child is not a demon. Ask my brother-in-law, he's got a couple of `em. I stopped you on the steps. I think maybe you oughta go all the way in. Um, so, I notice you haven't taken any personal days. Come on, you look like crap, go home. There's nobody out there. There - is - nobody - out - there! (re: the office space) No, I like it. It's like those things they put baby cows in to make veal - What? Em...? Emily...? Jesus - are you okay? You look like shit, you need to see a doctor. What did they say? What are you doing here so late? I tried calling you. I found someone to take Lucy. Anaheim couple. They've helped us out before. What's the matter? She starts all over again somewhere else. Can't let her stay, can't let her go. That leaves you with one option. You have to. You have to find the strength. Don't you understand? That's why she's doing this. To test you. Test your faith. How `bout anger. Got some of that? Kill her? In her sleep, assuming you can... Tell you what I'd do different. Count myself dead at the outset. Accept that going in and use it to my advantage. That's the one thing I don't think she'd see coming, someone giving up their own life to take hers. Where is she now? Some family somewhere? Why does that concern you, Edward? `Cause you have to warn them. It's okay, Maggie. I'll check on you later. I know... There's something I want you to hear. Came in at two o'clock last night. You might wanna sit. Twenty years in the trenches, can't make Lieutenant? Hurts, doesn't it? Shakes your faith sometimes. You know why they keep passing you over? Do you, Michael? `Cause you're soft. Soft, soft, soft... You're right. She called Doug. Took me an extra couple of days to get your cell phone records. That's what she's been using. I'm gonna help you get to the bottom of this. I'll help you. Whatever it takes. I'm gonna put Beth and Tim in a hotel. Keep her at the house. Physically you're fine. How's the stress? Take one of these, you'll sleep. Because I can't. Take care of your mom. Everybody get out okay?! This your house?! (she nods yes) Anybody else inside?! (off her hesitation) Ma'am...?! Anyone else inside?! Yes or no?! Right through the guardrail, never touched the brakes... Don't look at her, okay? Just don't even look. A remarkable story of survival this morning as a young girl is pulled from the Los Angeles reservoir in an accident police are calling suspicious... They'll contact us, Lucy, when your placement comes through. I don't know. Maybe I will, I don't know. We'll see. See you tomorrow. 