Let the record show that I, Olive Penderghast, being of sound mind, ample breast size and the occasional corny knock knock joke, do enter this video blog into evidence in the case against me. Because I'm being judged by a jury of my peers, I will attempt to insert `like' and `totally' into my confession as much as possible. So here it goes... I confess I'm, in no small part, to blame for the vociferous gossip that has turned my Varsity letter scarlet, but - for anyone hoping that the sizzling details of my sordid past will provide you with a reason to lock the door and make love to a dollop of your sister's moisturizing lotion - you'll be gravely disappointed. (Beat.) Look, I just need to set the record straight and what better way to do that, than to broadcast it on the Internet. So, here it is -- Part One: The Shudder-Inducing and Cliched, However Totally False Account Of How I Lost My Virginity To A Guy At A Community College In A Neighboring Town. (Beat.) Let me just begin by saying that there are two sides to every story. This is my side, the right one. (Beat.) Like, totally. That's bullshit. There are lots of sexy Georges. Shouldn't that alone be enough? Okay. George... Ummmm... Reeves! Superman. From way back. He was hot. Bullshit. Ben Affleck played him in that movie! George Stephanopolous. George... Well, mine is. So, I think we should just put this conversation to bed. Let me back up. I don't know if any of you have ever met them, but Rhiannon's parents are quite possibly the creepiest people in a four county radius. Rhi, I can't. I told you I have plans. I'm not lying. I promise I'm not. I really would love to go camping with your family this weekend. I had fun with your family last year. No thank you, Mr. Abernathy. (Sympathetic to her I have a date. No. I do. You don't know him. I'm serious. He goes to the community college with my brother in Denton. Who? My brother? I'm not proud of this. Less about the lie and more about the unoriginality of it. Okay, have you guys ever watched `The Brady Bunch'? Of course you haven't. You're busy watching fake people pretend to be real on MTV. That's why I knew I could get away with it. See, there was this episode where Jan - the awkward middle child - made up a boyfriend to assuage the ridicule of her snatchy sister who had just stolen the heart of the boy that Jan loved. The name of her imaginary boyfriend OLIVE (Into the phone) George Glass. He's pretty hot and he asked me out this weekend, so I said yes. Deal. I'm sure you'll have a good time. (Through the proverbial about it's olive drab drab. that can possibly mean OLIVE WHATNOTS and olive trees! Olive trees? What a quaint notion... Olive trees. Olive. But on Monday, when Rhi asked me how my weekend was... It was nothing short of perfection. Ryan Gosling, definitely. He was charming. A real gentleman. Probably not. It was just one of those weekends. Yeah. No, of course not. I did not. I'm not that kind of girl. Okay. Fine. We did it. Rhi. Blowing Peter Tolliver once behind the Pizza Hut doesn't make you a super-slut. It was... Normal. Nothing freaky. It was sweet. HE was sweet. No. It was great. Like I said. Okay, that's enough. So, how was your weekend? Marianne Bryant, as we all know, is the President of the Christian Student Coalition and is that rare breed of human born with a stick the size of a baseball bat implanted up her anus. God's honest. I'm sure it's in some medical dictionary somewhere. Blue Devils! Blue Devils! Blue Devils! Go meerkats! Go meerkats! Beats the hell out of me. But can we just take a moment to applaud the Barbara Bush High School Marching Band for their very ambitious effort to learn all of the James Bond theme music in a single year? I personally wish them all the best in their endeavor. Ku-dos! School spirit. Even dressed as a meerkat, I still fantasize about him. Communists. Isn't high school already a hotbed of just that? So, of course, immediately I knew that the little white lie I told to my then-best-friend in the ladies room would come back to bite me on the ass. However, even I - who my fourth grade teacher stated on my report card `has an imagination that should be quickly expunged' - had no idea how quickly this article of fiction would spread. So, now we move on to Part Two: The Accelerated Velocity of Terminological Inexactitude. Hey Marianne, can I talk to you for a second? Listen, what you heard in the bathroom, that wasn't true. It's actually a funny story. Do you ever watch `The Brady Bunch'? Who? The guidance counselor? Oh, I have sixteen years worth of anecdotal proof that He does. Damn it. Did I just get saved? I'm swell, guy-I've-never-laid-eyes- on-before. Thanks for asking. Hey, you guys know that I was here all weekend, right? And you would testify to that? What's up, sweet pea? It's nothing. Just the rumor mill. Seriously, it's nothing. Why? He never comes home. Like all families, mine has a deep dark secret. And since I'm spilling all this dirt, I might as well go ahead and confess it. I'm trusting that this nugget of information isn't going to be spread around, but - okay, here it goes: My dad's name is Dill and my mother's name is Rosemary. They were so amused by this that they decided to name all of their children after -- -- edible items. (With mock emotion) My brother's name is Sage and my sister's name is Ginger. It's shocking, I know. We're like a fucking pantry, us Penderghasts! But at least my parents didn't meet at a `Star Trek' convention, BITCH! Sorry. Now, I'm just being mean. Okay. Back to the story. If I'd known that Meerkat Todd was going to turn out so hot, I probably would have cherished the moment more. I suppose just that I'm sitting here reminiscing about it means that it must have meant something. (Beat.) Yeah, so anyway - kissing's not really my thing. That's what I learned in Natalie Giblin's closet. I digress... Excuse me? Perhaps you should GET a wardrobe, you twat! Seems as if someone's practicing the mundane activities she'll be saddled with the rest of her pathetic life. Wow, that's even bigger than your ass. (Growing weary of this Why? Your parents didn't. I don't know you. Olive Penderghast. Why are we just now meeting? Using language like this should have warranted a visit to me years ago. Well, to be perfectly honest - I've never used an epithet like this in an educational arena before. Sir. This is foul. In my defense, I think I meant to say `twit.' It just came out more - what's the word I'm looking for? Veracious. A young lady with such an extensive vocabulary shouldn't be stooping to such vituperations. Touch�. Wipe that smile off your face -- (Consulting the note) Olive. I don't tolerate this kind of language. Ever. Consider this your first warning. If I find out you've used a word like this in my school again, I will make sure that it's your last. I don't operate on a `three strikes you're out system'. You get one warning from me. I always do. Are we finished? Detention tomorrow after school in Room 704. And, young lady, I don't want to see you again. Not even in a more positive capacity? Maybe I could win a ribbon or a medal or something. I could conceivably be valedictorian. Or something. Get out of my office now. Yes, I'm a big whore. It's not entirely true. (Beat.) Look, there's something I need to tell you. Never mind. I want a car. I got sent to the Principal today. What did you do? I used inappropriate language in English class. But we're reading a book that I, personally, deem wildly inappropriate for my age group, so I felt that it was actually quite apropos. Let's just say it was an inappropriate word. What did it start with? A snide comment from a snotty-ass girl in my class. I meant what letter did it start with? Oh. Yeah. T. I don't even know what that means. Okay. Noun, adjective or verb? Noun. Definitely slang. Think British, although they pronounce it differently. I can't. Too weird. Now, THAT'S a challenge. Does this have something to do with this rumor you were talking about the other night? Is there something you want to tell us, kiddo? I'm spelling it out for you as quickly as I can. It's a word that will get you sent to the principal's office. The male equivalent. Well, it's the first time since second grade, so I guess we can't be too hard on you. What would my punishment have been otherwise? I dunno. To bed without supper? But I'm already finished. Except for my helpful and profane peas. Uhhhh. This grounding thing seems to be taking the country by storm. No phone, TV or... Or.... I'll help you out. I don't have anyone to call. I haven't watched TV since they cancelled `The Illegitimate Children of the Real Housewives of Laguna Beach' and I really only watched that as a joke. Fine. I'd take away your -- Books? Computer? Yes! You're computer! All my homework's on there. Sorry. You lose. But thanks for playing. I guess then I'm lucky this isn't a regular occurrence. I think we both are. I wouldn't know how to be grounded any more than you know how to ground. I love you. (Whispering in her ear) And I'm sure that girl was acting like exactly what you called her. You have no idea. How's about I go and punish myself? Mea culpa, mea culpa. The next day, things took a turn for the scandalous. Which brings us to Part Three: A Lady's Choice and a Gentleman's Agreement. Are these detention sessions often unchaperoned? I don't think we pose a flight risk. I see. What? I was just thinking it's kind of funny. We haven't really talked since that closet incident back in eighth grade. I was afraid you were going to bring that up. So, how have you been, Brandon? I have been fantastic. BRANDON Really, really amazing. Don't know if you heard, but according to my locker, I'm a `power bottom.' Yikes. Yeah, only two days after the custodians had finally gotten around to scrubbing `turd burglar' off. Which, if you think about it, really contradicts the previous label. Maybe your vandal is marvelling at your versatility? But, of course, I'm in detention. Why? Because Gibbons is a homophobe. (Beat.) And I called him a facist. So, the rumors are true, huh? Have you ever met me? No. I meant about Gibbons being a facist. I kind of guessed it that night with the whole kissing thing. The way you ran away. I remember thinking to myself, `this isn't the first time this kid's going to go bursting out of the closet.' Gold star for you, Nancy Drew. You know, I read this article that said with this whole EMO movement, it looks like - that in a few years - the gay kids are going to be the most popular ones in school. Oh good. I'll come back when I'm twenty seven for my redo. Can you imagine the dance squad full of shirtless guys in tight pants rocking out to Britney, while the football players sit on the sidelines wishing they were that cool? That'll be the day. (Beat.) Judging from the new look you're sporting, I'm not the only one in a transformative stage. `Sup with the whore couture? Haven't you heard? I'm the new school slut! As a matter of fact I did hear that. I heard you banged a guy twice your age. No way. He's a freshman in college. Also heard he gave you crabs. Ewwww. People suck. Calm down, Adolph. There's a vein popping out of your neck. I'm simply suggesting that maybe these kids we call peers have got the right idea. Maybe Bridget Schumacher isn't as hippy-dippy as she pretends to be. Maybe that's just the label she's put on herself to avoid having to bathe as often as society deems necessary. Or take Marianne Bryant. It's convenient for her to act like a stuck-up Jesus-freak. (Thinking about this) No. I'm wrong. I think she's actually just a stuck-up Jesus- freak. But do you think she cares that that's the way she's perceived? No. Maybe she was just sick of being just another nameless, faceless entity in a place and a time that reveres people for extremity? There are some of us, though, that want to just blend in to the crowd. Then maybe you need to go to that extreme. Or make the steadfast decision not to care. Even better if you can manage to do both. (Beat.) I've discovered an infallible remedy for teen angst: apathy. I can't decide if you're a genius or a lunatic. Don't they sort of go hand-in-hand? Funny. I always thought teen angst and apathy went hand in hand. How am I doing? What? Pretending to be a whore? For a virgin, I'm impressed. How about me? Could I pass as straight? Not bad. For a fag. I prefer the term `turd burglar.' If we really wanted to shock the world, we'd get up and leave detention. But you know that we would never do that. Isn't going to stop me from telling everybody we did. Well, I guess that's better than me getting crabs from a guy twice my age. You know that Brandon kid? The one and only. It's what somebody told him. Isn't that sad? He's actually quite the conversationalist. Since when are straight guys under the age of eighteen able to converse? Shit. Hold on. Hello? Unfortunately so. It's Brandon. Speak of the devil... Okay. Yeah. Sure. Dude, that was Brandon. He wants to talk to me about something. That's so mean. Rhi, I told you. It was a one night stand. Which is now a DONE night stand. If I was a character on a CW show, then, absolutely, I'd be blubbering all over my Teen Vogue. Hey, we should start a rumor that I'm having a pregnancy scare! Hi. Is there an Olive here? Sorry, I must have gotten the address wrong. Oh happy day, Mama! I thought I was going to have to spend my dowry on booze and pills to numb the loneliness. My mom's an acquired taste. I know this because I've only just recently begun to appreciate her myself. Welcome to my boudoir! This is where the magic happens. Do you wanna go out with me? I mean, like -- Do you want to be my girlfriend? Brandon, just a few hours ago, you told me you were Kinsey Six gay. True. But you said I should pretend to be straight. Well, I didn't mean with me. You're a sweet guy and all, but you're not really my type. You're not really my type either. I should say not. Okay. Well, do you wanna have sex with me? You're serious. Oh my God, dude. You totally missed my point. All I was saying was that -- No, I know what you were saying. I should play it straight until I get out of this hell and then I can be whoever I want to be. No, I got that. Brandon, I didn't REALLY have sex with a college guy. I just told people I did. OLIVE Well, actually, I just told one person and - well - you know how these things work. So, you're saying I shouldn't really have sex. I should just say I had sex with someone. A girl. Now, you're cooking with gas. Oh no. Oh no no no no no no no no. No. Really. No. No way. No. No. Think about it. We could help each other out. You want to maintain this floozy facade. I want to not get my face pummelled weekly. You are on crack. All it would take is one good imaginary fuck and you'd be saving the bone structure of my face. Think of how happy my parents would be! This is not the answer. Why don't you just do what I did and make someone up? Who would believe me? I just don't think it would work. Whores aren't discerning, Olive. And just think - you'll OFFICIALLY be a hooker with a heart of gold! I don't want your money. I insist. So, if I say yes, you're going to tell a couple of people at school and I just have to go with it? I really don't think it will work. (His voice cracking with I don't do anything half-assed. (Spinning around to face I can't believe you're doing this. Afterwards, it's up to you. You're committing to something. OLIVE Just make sure you're ready to live with the consequences. I'm sure you all remember the party... OhmiGod, Melly. I hope you don't mind, but we had a few pre-cocktail party cocktails... Party. Cocktails. (Whispering and slurring in her ear) Soooo, here's the thing. OLIVE Brandon was in the middle of telling me this funny thing. Is there a quiet room we can go to where he can finish telling me -- -- About his thing? That's funny? I love you. I love you so much. You are -- Just, yeah. (Loudly; to all) Hey everybody! Was that Olive with Brandon? Draw the shades. Grunt. Make it really convincing. And manly. How long do we have to do this? Depends. Do you wanna be a normal adolescent boy or do you wanna be a stud? Oh God, Brandon. Don't stop. Don't stop. Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop. Now that I think about it, we probably don't want to do this for too long. It'll give the impression that you're having difficulty finishing. That's not the desired effect. Are you sure you're a virgin? Of course I am! Oh, fuck me! Fuck me! Don't stop fucking me! Hold on. Go forth, my son. You're a man now. Thanks Olive. Is there a -- ? Thanks. Sorry. Hi Todd. How's it going? I'm here. Can I get you a beer? That rhymed. (Ashamed of herself) I should probably go. It was truly my Cindy Mancini moment. `You! Even Bobby thinks we went out. Great, huh? Ha! All of you thought we were a couple. What a joke!... Ronald Miller paid me 1,000 bucks to pretend I liked him. What a deal, huh? $1,000 to go out with him for a month. This guy. Oh, God. He bought me. And he bought all of you. He was sick and tired of being a nobody. Yeah, and he said that all of you guys would worship him if we went out. And I didn't believe that. I was, like, no way! And he was right! No, leave me alone. He was right. Our little plan worked, didn't it, Ronald? The dance. That stupid dance! What a bunch of followers you guys are. I mean, at least I got... At least I got paid.' (Sincerely; as herself) `Can't Buy Me Love' is one of the best movies ever made. Hands down. You guys should totally watch it if you haven't already. Or even if you have. Seriously fine filmmaking. (To the television) Oh, Cindy Mancini. It could have been a lot worse. Trust me. Put it on the pile of gifts from my other suitors. A dyed-in-the-wool homosexual that boy is. We're not dating, Mom. Dear Olive, The dildo is just in case you don't shop at Target. Then you can fuck yourself. Your package was perfection! Rhi? You know, I always think it's so ridiculous on TV, when someone picks up the phone and magically seems to know who's going to be on the other end. I usually preface a conversation with `hello' to avoid such banalities. The one time I decide to step outside this convention... How are you? Yes, Virginia, there is a Santa Claus. No, in fact, I do NOT know the way to San Jose. And - little known fact - contrary to popular belief, panama hats are not from Panama at all! They're from Ecuador! Who knew? You're putting me in a precarious position, because according to last month's Cosmopolitan Magazine, we should always look cute. Even when we're doing mundane activities such as choosing vegetables from the produce section of our local grocery store.' Is that what people are saying happened? Then I guess it's true. God no. Uh, thanks Mom. Good talk. Y'know, you're really coming off as a little pious right now and you're kind of pissing me off. Well, do YOU think I'm a cum dumpster? First off, that's racist. Secondly, fuck you! How dare you? I was Laura Ingalls to your Lady Chatterly and, now all of a sudden, YOU feel the need to warn ME that I'M making a fool of myself? There are a lot of children who will never again experience Family Pizza Night because of you. So, why don't you jump off your high horse and splash around in the gutter where you belong. And you're a jealous virgin. Yes! It's a period of time, how ever short, that I don't have to talk to you! Rhiannon Abernathy only wishes that somebody wanted to pretend to sleep with her! Hey, Anson. Hi. I just realized the funniest thing. My name is an anagram for `I love...' What's an anagram? Look it up, big boy. Hey Olive. Hi Evan. Can I talk to you for a second? Don't get mad, but Brandon told me what you did for him. Well, rest assured, it was equally as thrilling for me. No, he told me the truth. And I was just hoping that maybe you could do the same for me? (Through clenched teeth) Walk away, Evan. RUN away, Evan. I can pay you, too. I'm about six seconds away from slapping you so hard that your unborn grandchildren will feel it. (Excited at the prospect) Can you do it in front of everyone? I don't need your permission, you know. I mean, at the rate you're going, I'm just saying I don't think anyone would not believe it. Are you threatening me? I'll give you $500. You're repugnant. (Indicating his body) That's the problem. I want five hundred dollars in gift certificate form deposited in my locker before noon tomorrow. Preferably `The Gap,' but I'll also take Amazon.com. We did NOT have sex. I was piss-ass drunk and I let you fondle my chest and it was a glorious moment for you, unmatched by anything you've heretofore experienced, including cake. Got it? Five hundred bucks for just feeling you up? Doesn't that seem a little steep to you? Can you throw in (Mispronouncing it; as if it rhymed with `cottage') frottage? It's fraw-TAHZH, dumbass. Fine. But it was so good, you lasted only twelve seconds and I better not find out that little pecker of yours EVER came out of your pants. Take it or leave it. Little pecker? Nuh-uh. For five hundred dollars, it was ungodly huge. You even commented on the unusual girth for a guy my age. I was too drunk to remember. Three minutes. Two. Deal. The sad thing is, Evan, if you had been a gentleman and asked me out on a date, I probably would have said yes. Really? Do you want to go on a date? Not now, I don't. Evan, if you're watching this - shame on you. I hope you never treat another girl the way you treated me or you will die alone, wishing it was because you're fat. And since we're playing the shame game... While I appreciate the sentiment, Lewis, a pretend hand job should have warranted a little more than a hundred dollars worth of AMC Movie Passes. They had an expiration date AND were only able to be used for movies that had been running for two weeks. But even that's better than Tyler Jennings, who gave me a ten percent off coupon to Bath and Body Works. Seriously. A fucking coupon. Is that how good my imaginary blow job was to you? Huh? Is chivalry dead? I want John Cusack holding a boombox outside my window. I want Richard Gere climbing up my fire escape with the limo waiting downstairs. I want to ride off on a lawnmower with Patrick Dempsey. Although, I'm ashamed to admit I'd prefer him to look like he looks now. What woman wouldn't? But no. I get to save two fifty on a bottle of Juniper Breeze Hand Lotion. Maybe chivalry isn't dead, but it's in a coma and the prognosis isn't good. (Beat.) So, if you're still with me - and I'm guessing that most of you are - I now present to you Part Four: How I, Olive Penderghast, Went From Assumed Trollop To an Actual Home- wrecker. You wanted to see me? Accessorizing? Well, I'm really hoping to get an The rumors are true. I am, in fact, considering becoming an existentialist. Geez, since when did teachers become privy to idle, adolescent gossip? OLIVE Have you ever decided just to play along? Because it's maybe easier than fighting tooth-and-nail to defend it? You know, I think you should give me extra credit for going the extra mile. I'm really attempting to understand this puritanical ostracism. You know I won't tell. (To the woman) Hey Mrs. Griffin. (Pointing to the `A') A is for Awesome. I was there. I heard the whole thing. Sorry. No, it's not, Marianne. We promise. Your husband. Am I in trouble? I promise the hem of my dress isn't higher than my fingertips. If I open up to you, do you promise this stays in confidence? I watch `American Idol.' Do NOT tell anyone. I have a reputation to uphold. We done? If I can think of any angsty things to report, you'll be the first to know. This has been so much fun that I'm actually - at this very moment - considering meth addiction, just so I can come back and we can jaw some more. Or you could always get pregnant? I'm probably closer than either of us thinks... Propho-tastic! Puritanical and oppressive? I don't need those. But you do. Thank you. You're up, hoss. Let me guess: drugs. I didn't know Christians believed in guidance counsellors. (Beat.) Ooo! Ooo! Is your boyfriend struggling with his sexuality? MARIANNE divorce! It's okay, Marianne. (Not sure what to say) Sometimes our boyfriend's parents get divorced. It's just important to know that it's not your fault. I have to go now. Are you going to be okay? Yeah. Everything's going to be okay. Isn't that what we're supposed to do? Hey, it's your boss's rules. Absolutely. What?! What do you want? The funny thing is: the whole time this shit was going down - people calling me something I knew wasn't true, my best friend included - I couldn't help but think how I could have come up with better signs. No one even bothered to use alliteration or, God forbid, irony - not even a single acronym - and that seems a lot more unforgivable than my sins. Forgive me, father, for I have sinned. I think that's how you're supposed to start these things. I'm only going on what I've seen in the movies. Then, I think I'm supposed to tell you how long it's been since my last confession, but that's kind of my first confession. I'm not Catholic. I really don't know what I'm supposed to do, except sit here in this booth and tell you what I've done wrong. Where do I even start? (Beat.) I've been pretending to be a -- how would one phrase it in Catholic words? A harlot. It's not like I've actually been doing the things that people are saying I'm doing, but - then again - I'm not denying them, so I've just been wondering: is that wrong? There's a lot of shi -- `crap' going down at my school which may or may not be indirectly because of this masquerade. (Beat.) I'm lying. I may have caused the end of a marriage. I thought, in my own perverse way, that I could help it. I mean, in my defense, I am merely an adolescent. I should never have been propositioned in the way I was propositioned by an adult. But then again, I should never have consented. It was just that a lot of people had been asking me to do things and I thought it was okay, because it wasn't real. OLIVE It was make-believe and no one was getting hurt. But a lot of people hate me now. I kind of hate me, too. I could be wrong, but aren't you supposed to say something or ask me questions. Tell me to say `Hail Marys'? Hello? Oh, come on! Hi. I was wondering if the minister was around. Pastor McGreevey is on vacation this week. But our associate pastor is in. Would you like to speak to him? Actually, that would be fantastic! Can I tell him what this is regarding? Absolutely. I'm looking for a church to join and I thought he might be able to sell me on this fine establishment. Don, there's a young lady here who would like to speak with you about joining. (Pointing to an office) You can go right in. If everyone here is as friendly as you, I think we might be in business. I'm new to the area. Looking for a church - hopefully something with a strong fellowship, a firm foot in the soil of... OLIVE divinity and was wondering what your church's stance on lying and adultery was? Oh, I agree. Wholeheartedly. But tell me: assuming there is a hell -- Right. Okay. Let's say hell exists. Which is worse - lying or adultery? Or is lying about adultery like a double whammy? You know what. I think I'm just going to go and check out Judaism. The Jews and I have a lot in common. Fashion-wise. And stuff. So, thank you for your time. Yes. I had unwittingly sought advice from the father of the leader of my lynch mob. Who else can say that's happened to them? (Beat.) As much as I want to say I hate Marianne. I don't. I get her. Well, I get certain things about her. She's passionate. Like myself. She always thinks she's right. Like myself. And, yeah, I can kind of understand why she slapped me that day. Here's what happened... He'll be okay. It hurts so bad. Chlamydia. Olive! Olive Penderghast! Olive Penderghast. MutherFUCKer! Oh, grow up! (Into the cell phone) I didn't know what to say! I panicked! I said I got it from Olive Penderghast. (Pause.) I know, but what was I supposed to say?! And then my mom called her mom. (Pause.) No, not Olive's. Marianne's! (Pause.) I already tried to blame it on their divorce, but my mom's not buying it. I have to tell them. (Pause.) Okay. But I love you. I don't care if you gave me chlamydia. I LOVE YOU and I want to be with you and no one can stop us. Not my mother, not Marianne, not -- What?! What do you want? I'm sorry, I was just looking for Marianne. Did she say something about being mad at me? She just smacked the shi -- `crap' out of me. I fucked up. I fucking fucked up SO fucking bad. I'm a fucking.... Fuck. Don't get me wrong. I love it, but I don't think you're supposed to use those words around a student. You and -- Oh my God. I'm not judging you or anything, but oh my God. Wait. What does that have to do with me? I could have chlamydia. And I could easily have given it to Micah. That time we slept together. Who knows? Often times women don't have symptoms and I have been whoring around.... Because a real whore can't admit it to herself, let alone others. Call Micah. Tell him I said he's an asshole and that he owes me SO big for this and also the time I pretended not to see him during a third grade game of hide and seek. Tell him I still remember that. But tell him that I confessed to giving him chlamydia. And it's not really my place to say this, but I figure after the conversation we just had, I can speak candidly. Your husband is HOT and while the male adolescent can fuck like a bunny... who really wants to fuck a bunny? If I was you, I'd go home and seduce him and pretend this never happened. Do you want some more condoms? No, you keep them. So, really how could I be angry at Marianne? OLIVE Dude, if some bimbo gave MY boyfriend an STD, I'd have swung, but I'd have balled my fist. My boyfriend. (She gets lost in the Hey Olive. I was wondering if you were busy tonight. Maybe wanna go out or something? What did you have in mind? I dunno. I was thinking about chartering a hot air balloon, taking along a bottle of champagne and fresh fruit and then trying to impress you with an overzealous reading of Emily Dickinson. Why, Anson, are you inviting me to accompany you to a romantic dinner at the Red Lobster? Unequivocally. Nice. Yeah. I'll have dinner with you. I can't believe you brought me to the nicest restaurant in town. This is swank. I was beginning to think that there was no such thing as class. Yeah. What's better than getting to select your dinner and have nice conversation while they boil it alive in the back? I think Anson Jr. doesn't mind making the sacrifice. You don't mind that I named him Anson Jr., do you? Not at all. I'm actually kind of honored. Do you believe this whole thing about lobster being an aphrodisiac? (Lying out his ass) I didn't know it was. Y'know, medical science has not substantiated claims that any particular food increases sexual desire or performance. It's so funny when guys ply women with food that they think is gonna get them laid. I mean, what's really sexy about slurping back oysters? You know, native people believed that you gained the strength of the animal by consuming it. Some people grind up rhinoceros horn, because it's thought to stiffen the male sex organ. It's all bullshit. And spanish fly? It's pulverized beetle that people eat! Although, it's illegal for human consumption in the United States and do you know why? Because if you take just a bit too much, it causes painful urination, fever and bloody discharge. Yum! I don't know but I've been told! I didn't know Meerkat Todd worked here! And he's a lobster! I wonder if I should start calling him Lobster Todd. Marguerite is getting old! Shit! The best thing is her dessert is free! The worst thing is I sing off-key! Sound off! Sound off! Sound off! What's wrong? Rhiannon's over there. So? So? She's been in love with you since the first grade. So? Well, she's my best friend. I thought you two weren't speaking. We're not, but it doesn't mean I should be out with you. Then why are you? I don't know. You asked me out? Exactly. I have no interest in her. I mean, we're friends, but -- She can't see us. Do you want me to get the check? Would you mind? Could we get our check? Is everything okay? I just remembered I'm allergic to shellfish. I always forget that my respiratory system would collapse and I'd die. It sucks I know. (Digging in her purse) Let me get it. I have a gift certificate. But I asked you out. And I ruined it, so let me bear the financial brunt. (Beat.) I'm so sorry about this. But she really likes you. She and I just don't have much in common. And you and I do? I think so. For instance, I, too think Nina Howell's a twat. Yeah, well, if that's our magical connection, I should date the entire school. Haven't you? Kidding! Yeah, about that -- You have a remaining balance of fourteen dollars and thirty six cents. Keep it. Tip. Let's get out of here. I have something for you. Oh. I didn't realize -- Okay. So, what did we "do" on this date? Whatever $500 gets me. Wait. This isn't how it works. I don't actually -- You don't get it. I'm not technically having sex with people for money. You know that, right? Besides, even if I was, we're in the parking lot of a Red Lobster. We can go wherever you want, but I think it would be kind of hot here. Dude, I gotta go. It's been -- sad. Olive, you're being stupid. I'll take you home. No thanks. Fuck. Hey Olive! Hey Todd. What are you doing here? Oh, I'm just hanging out in the parking lot. I do that sometimes. Not necessarily just here. The one outside of Applebee's is fun, too. (Laughing at her oddness) You want a ride somewhere? Nah. I'm fine. Your friend Rhi is inside. It's her Mom's birthday. She's not my friend anymore. You wanna talk about it? What's to say? I'm a horrible person. Everyone thinks I'm a whore and, for the first time, I'm starting to believe it. Huh? Oh, don't act like you don't know what people are saying about me. I know what people are saying. Doesn't mean I believe them. Why not? Olive, contrary to popular belief, I'm not an idiot. I know exactly what's going on and I know exactly what you're doing. Who told you? No one had to tell me. All I know is once upon a time, there was a scared little kid in a closet at a party who wasn't ready for his first kiss and there was this amazing little girl who lied for him. You remember that? Yeah and after I ran out, you pulled Brandon in. Yeah, I know about that, by the way. And look how he turned out. Sometimes I still pretend you were my first kiss. Yeah? Who was? Your friend. Rhiannon. What!? Yeah. About a year later. It sucked. (Blurting it out) She knew how I felt about you! How do you feel about me? She did it first! And here I am feeling SOOOO bad and THAT BITCH! Wait. How do you feel about me? Felt! I said FELT! Oh. (Off his look) I mean, it's not that I don't still feel that way. Olive. If I promise not to tell anyone, could I kiss you? No. Not tonight. I don't want you to kiss me when mascara's running down my cheek or some shithead has forced his tongue down my throat only a half-hour ago. I've wanted to kiss you since the eighth grade, but I want it to be perfect. And right now, my life's a mess. I need to get it under control before I drag you into it. What if I told you I wanted to be dragged into it? Maybe I could help. Now I have a reason to fix this catastrophe I've brought upon myself. And I'm going to. Okay. You see, now I had a reason for things to go back to the way that they were. OLIVE The truth needed to be told and I knew I had to go the one person who could help me. The one person I could count on to set the story straight. Brandon. I'd helped him and, even though it would destroy his new reputation for being a stud, I knew he would help me. My apologies to Mark Twain. Nothing. No way. I gave you money. Please, Evan. (Pissed as hell) Or I could just tell everyone THE With all due respect, Mrs. Griffin, you're a fucking cunt. Your wife has chlamydia and she's been sleeping with a student and she gave it to him and now she's trying to blame me. I -- I'm sorry. I -- Looking back, that's the thing I regret the most. That's the thing that sent me to the church, er, churches. And that's the thing that made me realize how profoundly I'd fucked up. OLIVE And that's something I'll have to live with for the rest of my life. With my words, even though they were true, I ended a marriage. No kid should have to be burdened with that. I'm so sorry. Me too. Where are you going? Can I come? Mr. Griffin, if you ever see this, just know - I was wrong to tell you that. In that way. At all. I don't know. I shouldn't have done it. I don't feel bad for lying for your wife. But I hate myself for telling you the truth. I'm so sorry. Part Five: Not With a Whimper But With a Bang. Oh fuck me. So, now everyone who knows the truth is either gone or won't fess up. The Cross Your Legs Club is demanding my head. And the messed up thing is that I wouldn't put it past Gibbons to expel me. Everyone called you a whore? I'm waiting for you to say (Imitating her mother) `Just kidding!' Mom! I hate you so much right now. Can't you see I'm a mess! Thanks for the pep talk, Mom. Now get out. I need to make some phone calls. Nobody does it better. Makes me feel sad for the rest. Nobody does it half as good as me. Baby, I'm the best. I wasn't lookin,' But somehow they found me. I tried to hide from Your love light. But like heaven above me The guys who loved me Are keepin' all my secrets safe tonight. And nobody does it better Though sometimes I wish someone could. Nobody does it quite the way I do. Why'd I have to be so good? The way that they hold me Whenever they hold me There's some kind of magic inside you. That keeps me from runnin', But just keep it comin'! How'd you learn to do the things you do? Oh, and nobody does it better. Makes me feel sad for the rest. OLIVE Nobody does it half as good as me. Baby, baby! Darlin', I'm the best! Baby you're the best! Darlin', you're the best! Baby, you're the best! (To the student body) This is just a free preview. For the main event log on to www.freeolivep.com tonight at 6 p.m. Now, I know this conflicts with tonight's basketball game, but c'mon would you rather be here cheering on the Meerkats (Looking at Todd, (Through gritted teeth) Young lady, to my office. NOW. Yeah, I can't. I'm gonna go bang my boyfriend while the whole school watches. But good luck with the game-thing. Go Meerkats. And here you all are. Waiting outside the closet door for me to kiss Todd, listening to me pretend to have sex with Brandon, paying me to lie for you, calling probably the last virgin in school a whore. Guys. Seriously. Who told you that I loved this song? I guessed. I see you've been watching my live webcast. It's still going on, you know. Fuck them. They've had enough of you. Well, figuratively speaking. I borrowed my neighbor's John Deere. Come down here. That rhymed. Intentionally. Be right down. That's Todd. Not that I owe any of you any more confessions, but I'm really in love with him. And I am going to lose my virginity to him. I'm not sure when. It could happen five minutes from now or tonight or six months from now or maybe on our wedding night, but the really amazing thing is that it's nobody's business. (As an afterthought) Like, totally. I thought she was going to take her clothes off. 