Yeah. No, man, I'm doing okay. Thanks. Yeah. I got a couple a new angles ain't been figured yet. All I need's a stake and a chance -- I wasn't gonna shoot you, baby. It was just my rep, that's all. And don't shit me now, but did you have that number? Tell me. That really you, Red? Now. That's what it is. Walk on out. There's two guns on you. I don't want your money. You know it. You _took_ me, you bastard, and now I'm taking you. You're a damn liar. I ain't drinking hot piss with you. Come on, Sam. Shit, what else she gonna say? You never had it. You din't have no 1, 2, 8. What you talking? I'll take your goddam bet. Sometimes you got a big ugly mouth. Bet you are. Ain't nuthin' in the world to give you that real deep cool. Like girl. You there? It hit? I keep all my numbers in my head. I've never written any down. I told you less paper, less trouble. Okay, baby. Now you outfitted. You ready to tackle the street? How's it feel? Frisk me, baby. Give me a real pat down. You looking good, Little. Real clean. Clean as the Board of Health. But you missing something. When? I like your heart and I like your style. You might just do, Little. Lessen you got to git back to that train job. Why? Did you just now con me? Don't never write nothing down. File it up here, like I do. 'Cause if they can't find no paper they ain't got no proof. Ya dig? YOU can't. I'll get a hold of you. I like you, country. Is your papa West Indian? You ain't bullshitting me, is you, boy? How 'bout that? Sombitch and I ain't never been to Beantown. Heard where? When they want your ass, won't nothing keep you out. Bet you like that shit. You better not be. Cause if a cat toe you down in this town, you better stand up or make tracks. What they call you? Sit down. We ain't fixing to eat you. You look brand new in town. Pretty handy with a bottle. What you say? The dirty yellow rat bastard. Yeah, got to do something about you. That's a fact. What you do, boy?You want a new car? You want a new house? Is that it? It's the money, right? Now about our coming up in the world a little. You're not naive. You're a man of the world. The Movement's grown; we've grown with it. You know folks. They want their leaders to be prosperous. One hand washes the other. I'm sure we can. This is a new sister, Sister Betty. You can grovel and crawl for sin, but not to save your soul. Pick the lock, Malcolm; pick it. Tell Him that. Have you ever bent your knees, Malcolm? -- the hardest and the greatest. For evil to bend its knee, admit its guilt, implore His forgiveness, is the hardest thing on earth -- -- the hardest and the greatest. For evil to bend its knee, admit its guilt, implore His forgiveness, is the hardest thing on earth -- But the key to Islam is submission. That is why twice daily we turn to Mecca, to the Holy of Holies, to pray. We bend our knees in submission. A Muslim must be strikingly upright. Outstanding. So those in the darkness can see the power of the light. The body is a holy repository. No. Elijah Muhammad does not say "that white man is a devil." He teaches us that the white man is the devil. All white men. I knew you'd hear me. The white man is the devil. All white men are devils. Allah has sent us a prophet, a black man named Elijah Muhammad. For if God is black, Malcolm -- Who are you? No. That's the name of the slave- master who owned your family. You don't even know who you are. You're nothing. Less than nothing. A zero. Who are you? I told you to go behind the words and dig out the truth. They let us sing and dance and smile -- and now they let one black man in the majors. That don't cancel out the greatest crime in history. When that blue- eyed devil locked us in chains -- 100,000,000 of us -- broke up our families, tortured us, cut us off from our language, our religion, our history. Sure, white man throw us a bone and that's supposed to make us forget 400 years. The first men on earth were black. They ruled and there was not one white face anywhere. But they teach us that we lived in caves and swung from trees. Black men were never like that. Lemme tell you about history: black history. You listening? Read it and keep on reading. Start at the beginning. Page one, the first one. Here -- Look 'em up and and out what they mean. You got to learn everything the white man says and use it against him. The truth is laying there if you smart and read behind their words. It's buried there. You got to dig it out. They sure ain't no black man's books in here. Soiled with dirt, foul; sullen, hostile, forbidding -- as a black day. Foully or outrageously wicked, as black cruelty. Indicating disgrace, dishonor or culpability. Go on, fool; the marble shooters are waiting for you. Did you ever study anything wasn't part of some con? But everything the white man taught you, you learned. He told you you were a black heathen and you believed him. He told you how he took you out of darkness and brought you to the light. And you believed him. He taught you to worship a blond, blue-eyed God with white skin -- and you believed him. He told you black was a curse, you believed him. Did you ever look up the word black in the dictionary? I'm telling you God's words, not no hustle. I'm talking the words of Elijah, the black man's God. I'm telling you, boy, that God is black. Your mama had sense because the pig is a filthy beast: part rat, part cat, and the rest is dog. I read. I study. Because the first thing a black man has to do is respect himself. Respect his body and his mind. Quit taking the white man's poison into your body: his cigarettes, his dope, his liquor, his white woman, his pork. Don't con me. Don't con me. Don't try... I respect myself. A man cuss because he hasn't got the words to say what's on his mind. What's he gonna do to me he ain't already done? What you sniffing around for? I told you I gave you your last fix. Elijah Muhammad can get you out of prison. Out of the prison of your mind. Maybe all you want is another fix. I thought you were smart. The question is, who are you? You are in the darkness, but it's not your fault. Elijah Muhammad can bring you into the light. I thought you was smart. But you just another one of them cats strutting down the avenue in your clown suit with all that mess on you. Like a monkey. And the white man sees you and he laughs. He laughs because he knows you ain't white. Sure, burn yourself, pain yourself, put all that poison into your hair, into your body -- trying to be white. Let it burn. Maybe you'll hear me then. Like what? Looking like me? Like a nigger?! Why don't you want to look like what you are? What makes you ashamed of being black? Why? Why does everybody conk? Putting all that poison in your hair. When you go busting your fists against a stone wall, you're not using your brains. Cause that's what the white man wants you to do. Look at you. 'Cause you needed it. 'Cause you couldn't hear me without it. That's the last stuff you'll ever get from me. I can show you how to get out of prison. And it's no hype. You need something. It's not a reefer, but it'll help some. Put it in a cup of water. It's nutmeg.I'll have it tomorrow. Mr. X, I won't make you out a liar. Not exactly, but I want to be one, like you. Mr. X, I was out there tonight. I saw what you did. I want to be a Muslim. I ain't never seen a Negro stand up to the police like that.And now, without further remarks, I present to you one who is willing to put himself on the line for you -- Next week, Brother Minister. No, Brother Minister. All praises are due to Allah. Thank you, Brother Minister.Down front as always. Let's cancel. Brother Minister, what is wrong? I assumed... I called Sister Betty, she didn't tell you? Reverend Chickenwing called last night and said he wouldn't be able to attend. I wish you'd listen to us. What about the meeting tomorrow? We need to frisk people. Let some of us come down there. Malcolm, where are you? We've been calling all over the city. Let's get out of this cold. I'm tired of praying.Just what are you saying? Now just a moment, just a moment -- I told you we don't know for certain. Just what is your question? That's right. I don't think we know for certain. Why don't you just ask your question? Do you know what a friend you have in Jesus, son?That was a very bad statement. The country loved this man, and you have made it hard in general for Muslims. Did you see the papers today? No, each of us must relearn that work is the only worthwhile thing. Allah has given you a great gift. Use it wisely, never forgetting that we are nothing, while He is all. If I surprise you, let me explain. Menial work teaches us humility. Women are deceitful. They are untrustworthy flesh. I've seen too many men ruined or tied down or messed up by women.If you don't know, man, then I feel sorriest for you. "His greatest greatness." Are you Elijah's pimp? Can I ask you something?The sentences to run concurrently. Burglary, count one -- 8 to 10 years; count two, 8 to 10 years; count three, 8 to 10 years... Two years in the Women's Reformatory at Framingham.You could of been something, Archie, but the devil got to you. Take it easy. Lay down and don't think about it. Can you use a few bucks? I ain't got much, but -- I don't know. It doesn't matter. The thing is we got to get you back on your feet. You saved my life, Archie. Running me out of Harlem. When I think how close we came to gunning each other down, I have to thank Allah. Take it easy, baby. Let Billie finish. And every cat's watching, ain't they? It's a toe-down. I'm wearing, Archie. I'll give you back the 600. It's me or you, ain't it, Pops? Oh, sit down, man. What you tasting? I'm buying. Then skip it, man. But you slipping, baby. You done slipped. The bitch was there. Was you that high? Old man, I threw the slats at you. I said to combinate me. 1, 2, 8 hit, didn't it? You owe me six big ones. Daddy, where's my money? 1, 2, 8; 2, 8, 1. I git 'em all? Yeah, and I'm putting my money where my ugly mouth is. I'm putting you back in the numbers right now. Baby, what's today? I'm there, daddy. Wheww. I'm cool enough to kill. Nnnnnnn! I'm working on it. Let 'em come. I'm ready. Solid, daddy. What? Just now. I done told the man what he could do with his train. 'Cause I want in. And it don't take a lot to know you there, daddy. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Lemme write it down for you. Where can I get a hold of you? No, my mama. She's from Grenada. My papa taught me one thing: don't never bullshit a West Indian bullshit artist. Man's rep travels. Where I come from. Boston. Not this boy... I ain't fighting their war. I got my own. Right chere. Heard tell you're a good man to know. Keeps me out of the army. I'm working trains. Selling. Red, and I ain't no punk. He had it coming. "I'm telling you God's words, not to hustle." Brother Bembry, can we fix it so our loudspeaker is heard on the street? I want to. God knows I want to. I don't know how. Yeah. When I was picking a lock to rob somebody's house. I don't know what to say to Allah. I want to, Bembry, but I can't. I can't. I want to, Bembry, but I can't. I can't. I will do it. I will not touch the white man's poison: his drugs, his liquor, his carrion, his women. I sure met some. Then the devil is white. I'm not Malcolm Little and I'm not Satan. Little. A black man playing big league ball is something. You pitch, baby; I'll ketch. Ole Pete ain't much in the head, but he can lay in there with the wood. Aardvark, noun. An earth pig; an ant- eating African mammal. Man, that sounds like the dozens. Where am I gonna start? Man, I'm studying in the man's book. I don't dig half the words. Man, how'm I gonna know the ones worth looking at? Then what you telling me to study in them for? That's bullshit. That's a white man's book. Ain't all these white man's books? I can't make out that shit. Okay, okay. Show me, man. What the hell for, man? What for? What? Everybody knows God is White. Come on, daddy, pull my coat. What happens if you give all that up? You get sick or somethin'? I pulled a hustle once and got out of the draft. That's what Mama used to say. What do you do with your time? Okay, okay. Tell you this: you ain't no fool. You the only cat don't come on with that "Whatcha know, daddy" jive; and you don't cuss none. I ain't never seen a cat like you. Ain't you scared talking like that in front of an ofay? Elijah who? Man, I don't want to hear all that. Leggo. I got to wash it out. I ain't said I'm ashamed. Cause I don't want to walk around with my head all nappy, looking like -- Man, you been locked up too long, everybody conks. All the cats. You ain't lying. What did you give it to me for then? Talk, daddy, I'm listening. Hey that ain't bad. You got some more? If you ain't trying to punk me, what's your hype? Man, get outa my face. I ain't nobody's punk. Man, what do you want? Who the hell are you? Brother Benjamin, do not rush, it has to be exact. We need more young warriors like yourself, stick around and we shall see if your heart is true. I admire your enthusiasm but you should never join any organization without first checking it out thoroughly. Do you? What can I do for you? Make it plain. Has the Reverend called? Is he going to show? Folks are sitting out there today, not next week, expecting to hear our program. Why not? You've had ample time, you and the sister. Is the program ready? Come, sit with us. You are now Benjamin 2X. I don't think that's such a good idea. At the Hilton. The girls asleep? Don't answer the phone. It's all right. It's all right. Nothing is gonna happen to anybody. Betty it's me. It's me. We had the best organization that black people ever had and niggers ruined it. Families shouldn't be separated. I'll never make another long trip without you and the kids. We'll all be together. I'm sorry. I haven't been the best husband or father. You have to sleep for three. What do you want me to do? What do you want me to do? Our people need me. The Nation will provide for you and the children if anything happens to me. Is that what this is about? Material wealth? Bembry saved my Life. The Honorable Elijah Muhammad saved my life. I'm not interested in personal publicity. Our people know what I'm doing. Woman, have you lost your mind? What's the matter with you? I was going to talk to Bembry about it tonight. There are always slanders, always lies. You're reading the devil's lies. Can't you see they're trying to bring us down, bring down the Messenger. There's always talk, always been talk, and always will be talk. Don't they say how I'm trying to take over the Nation, how I'm getting rich off the Nation? Talk about what? I just want to sit here and be still. I don't want to bring my troubles home. You know that. How do you know? Why are you looking at me like that? What do you think? I'll be away a lot. It will be rough. It won't be easy. I love you. I think so. Can you catch a plane? Did you hear what I said? At a gas station. Will you marry me? I'm in Detroit. What have you set your mind to? Are you? How old are you, Betty? Just an idle question. No, good Sisters are rare. We need every one. Tell me something: how tall are you? They want you to quit the Muslims or they won't pay your tuition, isn't that it? You're from Detroit, near where I come from. You majored in education at Tuskegee. You're studying nursing and having trouble with your family. Oh, yes, there is. I know a lot about you. Brother Bembry briefed me. Let's talk about you for a change. Delicious. Sat down with a pretty girl and had an ice cream soda. That's something I haven't done in fifteen years. I'm sorry. I've had you on your feet for hours. So it is not a matter of the breeding conditions or preparation of the meat. The meat itself is foul. Let me explain. No. I'll do better than that. I'll show it to you. Scientifically. But it's demonstration purely in the interest of science, you understand? What points? Women talk too much. To tell a woman not to talk is like telling Jesse James not to carry a gun or a hen not to cackle. And Samson, the strongest man that ever lived, was destroyed by the woman who slept in his arms. Sure I'll speak to your class. But I'm a hard man on women. You want to know why? What? Is my family here yet? The way I feel, I ought not to go out there today. In fact, I'm going to ease some of this tension by telling the black man not to fight himself -- that's all a part of the white man's big maneuver, to keep us fighting amongst ourselves, against each other. I'm not fighting anyone, that's not what we're here for. What did I tell you about assuming? Since when do you start telling Sister Betty my business? Since when? She has nothing to do with this. You tell me, not her, not anybody else. So now we have no opening speaker? Why wasn't I informed last night? I don't want folks to be searched, it makes people uncomfortable. If I can't be safe among my own kind, where can I be? Allah will protect me. No, that won't be necessary. I'll be all right. I'm gonna try and get some work done tonight. Brother Earl. I don't care about myself, my wife and four children were sleeping in their beds, they have nothing to do with this. That's enough, Brother Earl. I want to also, but until we are instructed by the Messenger to do so, we will just wait and pray. I'm not saying anything, preacher. I'm proving to you that God is black. But we do know that the people of that region of Asia Minor, from the Tigris-Euphrates valley to the Mediterranean, are dark-skinned people. I've studied drawings and photographs and seen newsreels. I have never seen a native of that area who was not black. Then we don't know that God was white. What color were the original Hebrews? As Jesus was. Jesus was also a Hebrew. They were Hebrew, weren't they? You've been talking about the disciples. What color were they? Preacher, take your tin Jesus and the Virgin Mary, both, and shove 'em. Thank you. Now the Negro in the field caught hell all day long. He was beaten by the master; he lived in a shack, wore castoff clothes and hated his master. If the house caught fire, he'd pray for a wind. If the master got sick, he'd pray that he'd die. And if you said to him, "Let's go, let's separate", he'd yell, "Yeah, man, any place is better than this." You've got a lot of Field Negroes in America today. I'm one. Well, I have this to say. Do you know what a Negro with a B.A., an M.A. and a Ph.D. is called -- by the white man? I'll tell you. He's called a nigger. You left one phrase out. Another educated Kneegrew said to me and I quote: "Brother Malcolm oversimplifies the dynamic interstices of the Negro subculture." Would you agree? Stop me if I'm wrong. I "polarize the community." I "erroneously appraise the racial picture." For the white man to ask the black man if he hates him is just like the rapist asking the raped, or the wolf asking the sheep, "Do you hate me!" The white man is in no moral position to accuse anyone of hate. Please, go ahead. Yes, sir, I did. Allah Akbar. Let me do it then. If you want to tell me. Say what you're saying. What? Sure, man. Is she hooking? She know? With him? Mind your own goddamn business... She comes in a lot? Do your job, Get me a bourbon on the rocks and a pack of Lucky's. I say a lot of things. Save it, baby. Save it for Mr. Right, 'cause your grandma's smarter than ya think. Let's go. All them books you read and you still don't know nuthin. Baby, I'll call you tomorrow. I'm going to bed. I gotta work tomorrow, need my rest. I mean it's late, baby. I better not come in. Now you come back. And don't come back. I won't let myself come between you and your father. Go home. No. You'll be marked for death. What does Sidney say? What mission? How long has this been going on? Thank you, Brother; Sister, how are you? Make it 1000. We got a lot of fishing to do. How many you turning out? Baby, I got to let this old man win. Keep the faith, and tell Billie I'll see her later. Well, bitch you move too slow. You will, baby -- if the time come. Yeah, girl; that's your story. When you gonna holler "rape," sister? What's your story, baby? You better believe it. You hear me, girl? C'mere. Shhhh! I don't like women that talk. Sheeet, you ain't. I had aplenty. How's the rest of the gang? You seen anyone? I've been clean for twelve years, Shorty. The Honorable Elijah Muhammad says you should pay it all your mind. If you got a mind. It isn't a hype, Shorty. And I meant what I said: join us. Palmed it right in the goddam chamber. Yeah. Don't never try to cross someone who ain't afraid to die. That ain't bad. Jesus ain't got nothin' to do with this. Man, the name musicians ain't got shit. How you gonna have something? I need a stake, a bundle, a grand. My woman can't afford it; my homey ain't got it. How about you baby? What you got? Yeah and get a slave, too, huh, baby? You're too small to be Bogart. The hell you are. Naw, you missed me, copper. Try this on for size. Don't you know, you can't hump the Bogart. Make it too easy and it ain't no fun. Fine as May wine. Shorty, this is Laura. Well, all reet, then. Your turn, Rudy. You want me to flip for you? Okay, baby. Let's flip for it. Flip this. Head nigger in charge? You want to be the head man? Might be all right. So what about him? What can you do? Don't you call me boy, you pig. Letting a man bleed like that. Only a pig could do a thing like that. Brothers of Brother Johnson. I'm Minister Malcolm X. Two witnesses saw him brought in. He was not brought out. Allah will provide. Are you sure? He told you that?I wasn't there. Like I was some kind of pedigreed dog or a horse. Like I was invisible. They talked about me like I didn't know then that I was a nigger. I was special. The only colored kid in class. I became a sort of mascot. Like a pink poodle. We were parceled out, all five of us. I went to this reform school and lived at this woman's house. She was in charge.Jesus Christ, no. Okay, okay. You got it, you got it! You're the boss. I'm the man. That's right. Might be, shit. Man, I know this town. I got my own fences. Who the hell are you? Who put you in charge? So? The man got silver, china, rugs -- Then I put him to bed and pour talcum powder on him like a baby. He gets his jollies off. I'm half wop, half nigger and ain't afraid of no one.He gave it to you, Archie. He did. Don't push it. You way ahead. You back on top. That boy loves you, man. You putting a hurtin' on my vision. Man live by his rep.Well, Sammy's dead. Yeah, fell over in the bed with a chick twenty years younger than him. Had twenty-five grand in his pocket. You is something, Homeboy. My trouble is -- I ain't had enough stuff yet, I ain't et all the ribs I want and I sure ain't had enough white tail yet. Baby, I love you. Take it easy, greasy. How about a snort? Come on, baby. I don't pay that shit no mind. I got to hand it to you, Homey. That's the best preacher hype I ever did hear. Jesus Christ, Homey, you are nuts. What did you do, Homey, palm it? You the man! Tell him about Baldy. Jesus, Red, she's just a kid. I ain't doing bad. I'm not too short to be Cagney. I'm tired of always playing the cops. I wanna be Bogart sometimes. I forgot to tell you I'm wearing a bulletproof vest. Bang, bang. You're dead. Eat lead, coppers. Except she live on the hill and got a grandma. That's a fine chick. Hey, man, gimme some skin. Well, all right, then.You're my father. Let me die then. I'm with you, Brother Minister. To wire your car so it would explode when you turned the ignition. The Ministers say you are spreading untruths about the Messenger. The Ministers say you are a great hypocrite, Judas, Benedict Arnold. The Ministers say your tongue should be cut out and delivered to the Messenger's doorstep. All day since you and Betty left. Brother Minister, I have to level with you. They gave me a mission. But I couldn't do it. I love y'all. Another one? Please make way, please -- Brother Malcolm, I want you to meet Brother Earl. He just joined the Nation. 500.Shorty thought he hit us with 114 years till I explained what concurrently meant. It meant a minimum sentence of 10 years hard labor at the Charlestown State Prison. The date was February 1946. I wasn't quite 21. I had not yet begun to shave. Fourteen counts of 8 to 10 years. But our crime wasn't burglary. It was balling white girls. They gave us the book. The average first offender gets two years for burglary. We were all first offenders. That's what Sophia and Peg drew --