Mommy got sick and it happened  just like that and there was  nothing anybody would do.  If we start asking why we'll gocrazy.  So, rule number one. We don't ask why.  There's no why, Annie.  I'mjust not up for it.  I neversaid I was.  Nope.  Nope.  That's good.  Microwave.  Five minutes.  What am I going to do with amicrowave?  So you're angry.  Big deal.  Young man, it's none of mybusiness, but maybe you shouldtalk to someone.  I myselfhave consulted a professional. I used to be up tight.  Hypnotherapy...Shiatu Massage...  Loss of Spouse support groups...  Single parent discussion nights...  Parents without partners.  Partners without parents. People who need people.  Guyswho go into the woods, beatdrums and bond.  Get a shrink. Hug a friend.  Hug yourself.  Don't mind him.  He's the guywho just lost his wife.  What I really think is we needa change.  Good idea.  Take a few weeksoff, get some sun, take Jonahfishing --  A real change.  New city. Someplace where every time I goaround a corner I don't thinkof Maggie.  Where you going to go?  I was thinking about Seattle.  Dad says I'm going to get usedto it, but I don't think youcan ever get used to adesignated hitter.  Move on.  Right.  That's whatI'm going to do.  In a fewmonths, boom, I'll be fine,I'll just grow a new heart.  Sam, she didn't mean --  I know, I know.  Look, it doesn't happen twice.  I'm your dad.  Don't everforget that.  That's rulenumber two.  It's you and me, kid.  The short one with black hairis your cousin Irene --  Harold, who ran away with hissecretary but came back --  And your brother Tom is apsychology professor and ismarried to...Betsy --  Your Uncle Milton lost all hismoney in a Puerto Ricancondominium that went belly up,don't mention the IRS or theFederal prison system.  Yourmother is Barbara, your fatheris Cliff --  Am I what they had in mind?  Because you're going to callthem all and tell them. Congratulations, Walter.  Are you all right?  It's nothing.  Nothing.  Don't touch them.  I feelterrible sneezing at a timelike this.  This is a bigmoment for me --  Bees.  I'm allergic to bees.  Not salmon I hope --  My head swells up like awatermelon and I drop dead.  Your mother and I had salmon atour wedding, and I really thinka wedding without cold salmon --  I'm not allergic to salmon.  Idon't think.  But you neverknow.  You never know.  Uncle Milton's parole --  And it was delicious.  In early June.  In the garden.  Does it have to be in the garden?  Cold salmon.  A lovely cucumbersalad.  Strawberries.  I'm afraid I'm allergic tostrawberries.  No strawberries.  Today I consider myself theluckiest man on the face ofthe earth.  I love you.  Nope.  Nope.  Not even when I wasyoung.  You sure you don't want todrive with me?  I'll wait.  Welcome back to "You and YourEmotions." I'm Dr.  MarciaFieldstone broadcasting acrossAmerica from the top of theSears Tower in Chicago where wewould have a fantastic view ofSanta Claus and his reindeer ifthere was a -- oops, nevermind.  Tonight we're talkingabout wishes and dreams. What's your wishes this ChristmasEve? Maybe the best presentyou can give yourself is a callto me.  The number is --  The subject of the evening'smedical update is You and YourSpleen and our host --  Coming up, Jingle Bellsbackwards, sung by the NewJersey Cape Mayettes --  Hello, this is Jonah --  It's not that late in Seattle.  It's not for me.  It's for mydad.  I think he needs a newwife.  He doesn't have one now. That's the problem.  She died.  I've been pretty sad, but Ithink my dad is worse.  I'm worried about him, he'sworried about me, I ride mybike to school, he follows inthe car, like I'm not supposedto know he's there.  Now it'sChristmas, and you know whathappens to people at Christmas.  No.  It's very hard for him to talkabout this stuff.  It's like itmakes him sadder.  And you crazy? He thinks showslike this are dumb.  If youdidn't have an 800 number Icould never get away with this  Yeah.  I don't know --  Okay, but if I get yelled at,I'm never gonna listen to thisshow again.  Dad --  What is it?  There's somebody on the phonefor you.  His name is Sam.  Hello.  I'm probably not interested inwhatever you're selling.  Who is this?  Jesus, are we on the air?Jonah, for God's sake --  Don't be mad at me, Dad.  I'm not mad at you.  Okay, I'mnot mad at you.  Please --  All righ...  It's been about a year and ahalf.  No.  Look, Doctor, I don't want tobe rude, but --  Sure you do --  Look, we had a tough time atfirst, but I think I'm holdingmy own as a dad, and Jonah andI will get along fine again assoon as I break his radio.  Tell her how you don't sleep atnight.  How do you know that?  I can hear you walking aroundsometimes.  At first I thoughtit was a robber.  Go ahead,tell her, Dad.  I don't think I have to now.  Look, it's almost Christmas --  A kid needs a mother --  What's she talking about?  This is where other people getto call in and dump on what yousaid.  Come on, Loretta, you're goingto have to jump-start this guy. His battery's dead.  And lookat me.  Mister Ever-Ready. Every six minutes, anothercharge.  It's hard to imagine.  I don't know.  When I met mywife, it was so clear.  I justknew.  I don't think I could reallydescribe it.  And if I could describe it,it probably wouldn't be on a radioshow.  But what the hell.  It's notone specific thing.  It's moreof a feeling.  You touch her for the firsttime, and suddenly... you'rehome.  It's almost like...  Magic.  Annie?  Annie?  The hopes are perfect --beautiful, identical, smooth --and they are for somethingreally amazing I feel it in mybones --  It's a spice rack.  We desperately need a spicerack.  Desperately.  And we desperately need spices.  Dad?  About last night?  It's never happening again. Right?  Right.  Then it never happened.  Hi.  Yes?  Thanks, but... we've got plans.  Not.  My feelings exactly.  How many people do you thinkheard that thing last night?  It plays in 50 states.  What?!  Nobody else is going to know itwas us.  You're right.  You better hope so.  This man sells the greatestsoup you've ever eaten, there'sa line around the block, and heis, I am not kidding, the meanestman in America.  I feel strongly about this,Becky.  This is not just aboutsoup.  New Year's Eve.  Please don'tmake me write it.  Would someone look this up,don't tell me where.  Jesus.  What it is is, there are a lotof desperate women out therelooking for love.  Especially over a certain age.  It is easier to be killed by aterrorist after the age of 40than it is to get married --  Calm down.  You brought it up --  New Year's Eve.  I'll do it,okay?  Now she wants a circularstairwell off the den.  Punch me, punch in right here.  And she wants the Sub-Zero withthe side-by-side doors --  Which means --  The cabinets have to be redone  So we thought --  Since you're on the make again  Great.  This is great.  Thewhole town knows.  Just out ofcuriosity, how do you two know?  Grace heard it.  Grace the dispatcher.  Great.  The point is, take the clientout to dinner and ask her tomarry you and then maybe wewon't have to redo the kitchencabinets.  Why me? What about Jay?  Hey, my plate is full.  Well, okay.  What's the bigdeal?  If she'll forget thenew fireplace, I'll marry her. Just point me in the rightdirection.  Dad, I don't know about thisone --  Oh, you're changing your mind  No, I'm not, but --  What's the matter with thisone? Wouldn't you like to haveImelda Marcos as your mother?  Dad --  We better take the measurementsfor the new cabinets.  Sam, if you're not doinganything New Year's --obviously you're not doinganything New Year's -- we'rehaving some people over, all ofthem married, not one evenremotely interested in playingaround.  Does that sound greator what?  I can't think of the last timeI was at a party when anythingactually happened.  Thanks, but I'll pass.  It'skind of a big night.  I don'tlike to leave Jonah alone.  Does red pepper go under R or  What?  I forgot to mention.  Jedcalled --  Just out of curiosity, do youhave any friends whose namesdon't begin with a J?  I feellike it was a failure of theimagination on our part namingyou Jonah.(looking at the spices)  What is marjoram? Does anyoneknow?   Jed is having a slumber partyNew Year's Eve and he invitedme.  Fine.  Fine.  So I can go.  Sure.  Looking good.  Shouldn't you have used atoggle bolt?  I think I know how to have aspice rack.  I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.  I'm just --  Stressed.  Right.  I'm sorry, Jonah, I'msorry.  Can I have half your beer?  Sure.  Here's to us.  You used to sayhere's to us.  Oh babe.  I miss you so much ithurts.  Happy New Year, darling.  I was thinking, I have to go upto Boston for the AAPconvention and then visitWinston-Hughes about switchingover our computers.  Why don'twe meet in New York forValentine's Day weekend?  We'll stay at the Plaza --  Go to the Symphony --  What is it?  Does it have wheat in it?  Look at this, Dad.  They'reall for you --  If you're having troublesleeping, you might want to trydrinking a glass of water fromthe other side.  I thought that was for hiccups.  Does it work for hiccups?  For hiccups, a spoonful ofsugar, you hold it in yourmouth for a minute.  Really?  Just out of curiosity, how didthey get our address?  They called and asked for it.  "Dear Sleepless in Seattle. You are the most attractive manI've ever laid ears on."  How did they get our phonenumber?  You have to give them yourphone number or they won't letyou go on the air.  "Dear Sleepless in Seattle: Iam an SWF"--  What is that?  Thank God.  Something you don'tknow.  It's a single whitefemale.  This is no good.  She's lookingfor someone French.  Or Greek.  "Dear Sleepless in Seattle: Ilive in Tulsa." Where is that?  Oklahoma.  Do you know wherethat is?  Somewhere in the middle.  I'm not going to think aboutwhat they're not teaching youin school.  I am not going tothink about it.  Generally speaking I think weshould rule out people whodon't live somewhere near here  She's willing to fly anywhere.  She looks like my third gradeteacher.  I hated my thirdgrade teacher.  Hold it! Waita minute! She is my thirdgrade teacher!  Dad, you're not taking thisseriously.  This is not how you do it.  You want this on an Englishmuffin or a bun?  English muffin.  How do you doit?  You see someone you like, youget a feeling about them, youask them if they want to have adrink or --  -- a slice of pizza --  But not dinner necessarily onthe first date because by thetime you're halfway throughdinner you might be sorry youasked them to dinner whereas ifit's just a drink, if you likethem you can always ask themfor dinner but if you don't youcan go home if you see what Imean.  I wonder if it still works thisway.  It doesn't.  They ask you.  I'm starting to notice that.  If you get a new wife, I guessyou'll have sex with her, huh?  What do you think?  Will she scratch up your back?  What?  In the movies women are alwaysscratching up guy's back andscreaming and stuff.  Whenthey're having sex.  Whose show was this on?  Jed's got cables.  Go to sleep.  Kiss Howard.  G'night, Howard.  When I met my wife, it was soclear.  I jus knew.  I don't think I could reallydescribe it.  And if I could describe it, itprobably wouldn't be on a radioshow.  But what the hell.  It's notone specific thing.  It's moreof a feeling. You touch her for the firsttime, and suddenly... you'rehome.  It's almost like...magic.  What?  I got married because Betsysaid we had to break up or getmarried.  So we get married.  Annie, when you meet someoneand you're attracted to them,it just means that yoursubconscious is attracted totheir subconscious,subconsciously.  So what wethink of as chemistry is justtwo neuroses knowing that theyare a perfect match.  It rains nine months of theyear in Seattle.  Yes, I did.  Any time.  Sandy has a girlfriend, Clenda  ... She's a weightlifter, butit's not like her neck isbigger than her head oranything --  I'm not asking you to set meup, Jay.  That's not what Ineed your help for.  I want toknow what it's like over there.  And that's what I'm trying totell you.  What women arelooking over, okay? Pecs and acute butt.  You mean, like, "He has thecutest butt"? Where did I hearthat recently?  Everywhere.  You can't eventurn on the news withouthearing about how some babethought some guy's butt wascute.  Who the first babe tosay this was I don't know,but it caught on.  When's the latest time you wereout there?  Seventy... eight.  Well.  Things are different. First, you have to be friends. You have to like each other. Then you neck.  This can go onfor years.  Then you havetests.  Then you get to do itwith a condom.  The good news is, split thecheck.  I don't think it could let awoman pay for dinner.  Great.  They'll have a paradein your honor.  You'll be Manof the Year in SeattleMagazine.  Tira misu.  What's tira misu?  You'll find out.  What is it?  You'll see.  Some woman is going to want meto do it to her and I'm notgoing to know what it is.  You'll like it.  This is going to be tougherthan I thought.  Jonah?  Jonah?  Jonah?  Jonah?  Hi, Dad.  Dad, this is Jessica.  It's nice to meet you, Jessica.  Dad, this is amazing.  If youplay this backwards, it says"Paul is dead."  I know.  How do you know?  Dad, could you close the door?  Get a life.  Hi, Victoria?... It's SamBaldwin, I don't know if youremember me.  Oh?  Well, great. I was wondering if you wantedto have a drink... Friday,say... Dinner?... Sure, dinnerwould be fine.  Sure.  Dinner.  It's okay, it's okay.  I'mhere.  It was sinking.  What was?  Our house.  There was watercoming in all the windows.  You're worried we're going tobe all right.  We're going tobe all right.  I remember sometimes you'd havenightmares as a baby.  Your momwould hold you and rock you andsing you a song.  Bye bye blackbird.  Is that what she used to sing?  I miss her.  What do you think happens tosomeone after they die?  I don't know.  Like do you believe in heaven?  I never did.  Or the whole ideaof an afterlife.  But I don'tknow any more.  I have thesedreams about... your mom... andwe have long talks about...about you, and how you are,which she sort of knows but Itell her anyway.  So what isthat? It's sort of an afterlife,isn't it?  I'm starting to forget her.  I know.  But she's here, Jonah. Because I have you.  And aslong as I have you, I have yourMom.  I... uh... have a date withsomeone Friday night.  Good.  Did I ever tell you about thetime I ate a dog biscuit?  This is Jonah Baldwin, we'renot in right now but you canleave --  Directory.  Enter password.  Ann Reed.  BSun124.  Find.  Samuel Baldwin.  216 Samuel Baldwin.  Strike Yto printout or enter factors.  Samuel Baldwin, Seattle.  Not found.  Samuel Baldwin, Jonah Baldwin.  Samuel Baldwin, Jonah Baldwinfound.  Strike Y to printout orenter factors.  So how long have you been awoman?  Clarise, I'll be back bymidnight I'm sure --  This one's for both of us.  Sleepless and Son.  Baltimore.  I left the number of therestaurant I'll be at ifthere's any emergency.  How do I look?  Great.  I look stupid.  I look stupid,don't I? I look like I'mtrying too hard.  I was goingto get a haircut but then Ithought I'd look like I justgot a haircut.  This is a good letter, Dad.  The heels on these shoes arevery large.  Why have I nevernoticed this? The heels onthese shoes are grotesque.  Her name is Annie.  Annie Reed.  Now I'm late.  Bye.  Listen to this --  Not now, Jonah --  Just this one part, okay?  "I have been an excellentthird-baseman for as long as Ior anyone else can remember,and I guarantee you will notget one past me"  Jonah, I'm leaving --  Dad!  Everyone thinks Brooks Robinsonis the greatest.  It's a sign.  Oh, right.  Come here.  I want to show yousomething.  Here is Seattle.  And here is Baltimore.  Caseclosed.  She doesn't want us to go toBaltimore.  She wants to meetus in New York City onValentine's Day.  On top of theEmpire State Building.  Perfect.  We'll be there.  Hi.  You look good.  You did?  You could have called me --  You are the first woman I'mgoing out with.  So whatdya say? I'll get thecheck, and I'll call you ineight months.  I figure we could go to NewYork, catch the Knicks, andsince we'd be there anyway,obviously we'd go to the EmpireState Building --  There she is.  Why is she bringing that bag?  She's going to cook somethingfor us?  Hi.  He should book now because wecan get an excursion fare. Jessica's parents are travelagents and --  Not now, Jonah.  We can't finish the job.  She'son her sixth painter, now she'sthinking maybe she wants thefireplace rebricked --  I've already solved it.  I'vehired a hit man.  Every time she wants to changesomething, she talks in thislittle baby voice --  "Couldn't you just move thestairway a teeny tiny bit?"--  Do you like baseball?  What about camping?  Do you like it?  We ought to start campingagain, Dad.  Okay, tiger.  Time for bed.  It's only ten o'clock.  Jonah!  Okay.  Thank Victoria for dinner.  Thanks for dinner.  I never sawanybody cook potatoes that way.  I'm glad you liked it.  Goodnight, Jonah.  Who is it?  This is a complete disaster.  Iwanted him to find a wife, buthe's got the wrong one --  Please, please don't make mesick.  He's not sane enough tojudge anything.  She's a ho.  My dad's been captured by a ho.  No.  After he was born, every timewe started to make love, hewould cry.  He had an uncannysense of timing.  We reallyshouldn't do anything hereanyway.  Oh God, it's major.  He'skissing her on the lips.  Ihave to stop this.  Yes, I can.  Miss Scarlett.  In the broomcloset.  With the radio.  Don't ever do that again.  I thought I saw a black widowspider.  What are you doing up?  I was thirsty.  There's a bathroom upstairs.  The water tastes better in thekitchen.  That's true.  Why is that?  That doesn't make any sense.  You think so?  Yeah.  What's that?  Get in the car right thisminute.  Did you call that radio stationagain?  No.  Everyone at work heard you.  I just called for a second.  Long enough to call Victoria aho.  It's a short word.  This is not a joke.  Thank GodVictoria doesn't know.  Itwould really have hurt herfeelings.  If she knew, she'd neverforgive me.  It would behopeless for the two of you.  Don't open your mouth again. Ever.  Couldn't you just do a phoneinterview?  When you get back, I'll begone --  Okay, okay.  This is Captain Fosterwelcoming you aboard Flight 132to Seattle.  Our flying timetoday...  Sure.  I'd really like that. Thank you so much.  I think they're announcing yourflight.  He's ten.  I read an article about this  It takes time --  Sure.  Sure.  Jonah, this isn't fair.  Youdon't know Victoria.  I hardlyknow her myself.  She is, infact, a mystery to me.  Shetosses her hair a lot.  Whydoes she do this? I have noidea.  Is it a twitch? Doesshe need a haircut? Should sheuse barrette so it doesn'tkeep falling in her face?These are things that I'mwilling to get to the bottomof, and that is why I am datingher.  That is all I am doing. I am not marrying her.  Can youappreciate the difference?That's what single people do,they try people on and they seeif they fit.  But nobody fitsperfectly, everyone is anadjustment.  Was Mom an adjustment?  I'm never going to meet anyonewho's going to measure up toyour mom in your eyes? What doyou think? There's a perfectwoman walking around out there?  There's no such thing as aperf --  God, she's beautiful.  Victoria? She's okay.  Dad, I was talking to Jessicaabout reincarnation, and shethinks that probably you knewAnnie in another life.  Who is Annie?  The one who wrote us.  But Jessica says you and Annienever got together in thatlife, and your hearts are likepuzzles with parts out of themand when you get together thepuzzle's complete.  God dammit.  The reason I know this and youdon't is that I'm younger andpurer so I'm more in touch withcosmic forces.  I sincerely hope you are notgoing to marry Jessica.  God, it's wonderful to see you. Where's Greg?  Lady, what the hell are youdoing?  Hello.  I tried to talk to her...  It was like I knew her.  Weird.  Well, at least you're out thereseeing people again.  That'sterrific.  Well, just one really.  It'll take him a while to comearound.  A month ago he calledone of those radio call-inshows and told them I needed awife --  Now that I'm seeing someone,it's a whole other thing.  He's become obsessed withsome woman who wrote me --  Are you serious?  She wants to meet me at the topof the Empire State Building.  What do you mean?  Women love this movie.  What kind of person would writeto someone they heard on theradio?  I got hundreds of letters fromwomen all over the country --  Desperate women --  How about rapacious and love-  starved?  It is easier to be killed by aterrorist --  Right, right.  Anyway, Victoria's nice.  Look, I met somebody.  She'sgood, and capable and smart. We hit it off.  We can't spendyour life chasing afterfantasies.  Hi.  So far so good.  So.  Whatshould we talk about? Howinsecure we were in highschool.  Shirley Votypka, thefirst girl I ever felt up. Health.  What about health?Did you know that eating sixmacadamia nuts is theequivalent of eating a steak?  I don't get it.  Do you know how much it coststo go to New York?  Eighty dollars.  But how am I going to getthere?  Window.  I don't know.  Do I?  Ever since Christmas, you'vebeen different.  Kind ofdistracted, distant.  But Ifeel like you're coming backfrom wherever you were.  What?  No.  It's just like my grandmother'schina.  Exactly.  Eight is too few andtwelve is too many.  It was my mother's.  Have you seen my wallet?  It might be in the kitchen.  I'm only going to be away onenight, okay, and Clarise willbe here.  You'll have a swelltime.  You'll watch a littleGeraldo, some Nightmare on ElmStreet 12, I'll never know.  Are you going with her?  Yes.  I have to have a life.  I haveto do things that I want withpeople my own age.  It's noneof your business who I am goingout with.  I don't give a goodgoddam if you're angry --  This is the one I like.  I don't care who you like. It's who I like.  But the truthis you're never going to likeanyone because it isn't yourmother.  Fine.  I won't say anything. You can marry Count Dracula.  Thank you, Jonah.  But thepoint is, I am not askingpermission.  What's wrong with Annie?  Shut up.  Shut up?  Shut up???  Mom neverdid that.  Mom never said shutup to me.  Mom never yelled atme.  This conversation is finished.  You said we could go to NewYork.  Did not.  Did too.  I can't know what I said, butwe're not going.  I'm not leaving this room untilyou say yes.  Get out.  No.  Goddammit, I am sick of this  Put me down.  I hate you, Ihate you --  I'm sick of this phonymelodramatic bullshit.  I'msick of it.  Jonah?  Clarise is here, okay?And I'm leaving.  Jonah?  He's probably still asleep.  Next.  If you don't tell us right now,right this minute, I'm going tokill you.  How?  When does it leave?  Eight-thirty.  Thank you.  No.  He's about this high, 90pounds, never combs his hair,Mariner's hat --  Anyone check in aunaccompanied minor on the NewYork flight?  I did.  I'll kill him.  I have to get to New York asfast as I can.  We can get you on a flight toChicago and you can changeplanes --  How will you be paying forthis?  American Express.  Visa.  I really am going to kill him.  Where to?  Empire State Building.  Come on... come on... come on...  There it is.  What are you gonna do there,spit off the top?  No.  I'm gonna meet...  my mother.  Is something wrong.  May I get you a drink?  Some champagne?  Beautiful view, isn't it?  Sorry, this is an emergency.  Empire State Building.  Hi, I'm Jonah.  Are you Annie?  Excuse me, are you Annie?  You're my family.  You're allI've got.  What if somethinghappened to you?  What if I couldn't get to you?  I was scared of what you weregonna do.  When I found you?  If I didn't go.  Listen, have I ever doneanything really stupid?  No.  I mean, so far, have I screwedit up for you?  No.  I can't believe you flew firstclass.  It was all they had.  -- it was a betrayal.  So what happened?  At the top of the Empire StateBuilding --  Not really.  Look, Annie, I love you.  Let'sleave that out of it.  I don'twant to be someone you'resettling for.  I don't want tobe someone anyone settles for.  I have a life insurance policy, I'm fully invested in growthstocks, I have a paidsubscription to Home RoxOffice, I have no sexualdiseases, I have been steadilyemployed in a part of theeconomy that isn't soft, I haveexpectation in the way ofinherited wealth, I dressnicely, I am a member of theprivate sector, an independentvoter, I don't watch MondayNight Football, the only thingwrong with me is that I amallergic to wheat,strawberries, penicillin,pollen, nuts and wool.  Thereare plenty of women who see meas the brass ring.  If youdon't -- marriage is hardenough without bringing suchlow expectations into it, isn'tit?  I think that's what I'm saying.  Yes.  Some people will do anything toget out of going to a symphony.  What?  Go for it.  Last call.  Closing time.  This is pretty dumb, wasn'tit?  Big deal.  Maybe we'll get a dog when weget back.  Okay.  What do you mean, okay?Wouldn't you like a dog?  Sure.  Let's go home.  Sorry, ma'am, but the elevatorsare closed.  We're closing up.  No more runstonight.  Cary Grant, right?  One of my wife's favorites.  Sorry, ma'am.  Empty.  Go ahead.  I left it near the...  It's you.  The one in the street.  Ichased after you.  Are you Annie?  I'm Jonah.  That's my dad.  His name isSam.  Howard.  We better go.  Shall we? 