Just like Junior did the last time; lane six. All's I know is it's gonna be a closed coffin. My advice to you is to lay low. He puts on a pair of dark 7-Eleven shades, flips up his collar and skulks away. Did you hear about that bowler who got smeared? I saw them pull a body bag out of the alley. I heard he was kacked but good. They had to take apart the pin machine to get him out. My father used to say to me "Never..." no, hmmm. "Always..." No, no... Ah! Love and hate are blood relations. Find your bowler? What kind of man? You're not from around here, are you? I'm an addict. I can't go through a day without the stuff. Theo reaches over and pours for him with a steady hand.It's splitsville for you. After we ID, we bury the body. Case and casket closed. Sorry about your loss. Heh, heh, heh. Hey, cut it out Sid, that tickles. I'm serious! You guys are related, right? Look Sid, a Buzz Burger. The Faz's favorite lunch. Sid reaches for the plate. Buzz walks over to the booth and pulls his burger away from Sid. Haven't seen a ball like that since '69. Whoa, cool your maples. Over the bridge, past the Peter Pan, last house on the dead end. Theo releases Sid's hand. Sid drops to his knees and cradles his damaged hand. Nectar of the bowling gods, Faz. I'd buy it! Only problem is, you didn't put his lights out, you just got him mad. Then he took it out on poor Faz, God rest his soul. Theo patches out. Did you know you were parked in the handicap space? Bowling police, step back, give him room. Is it true they blacked out the whole county giving you electro-shock? Junior looks from one man to the other, breathing heavily, his nostrils flaring. Wait! That's an aria! - canker sore. Sure, Sid. No kiddin'. It was a clearance. You listen to the feelings, not the words. How could you hate opera, Sid? Opera has all the drama and excitement of real life - to music! La da da dalala... Your pop said to put these on his tab. Sid gets up and jerks his thumb towards the door. I remember, Sid! Mr. Kastle says he don't like no sticky fingers in the till. Are you guys bruddas? Hey, you still here? When you get a chance. Ah, come on, lemme see your ball. Lemme see your ball. Fazeli...I don't know no Buzz Fazeli. Hey, ain't I seen you on the tour?Theo's bowled on the tour. Sheila, meet...uh... I forget the name. Some people will do anything for an autograph. Theo enters the diner and walks over to Buzz. Yeah, and make it extra muddy, I didn't sleep a zee last night. Sheila fills a cup. Buzz lifts it to his mouth, his hands trembling. Wish me luck. Miles, I've always been on the square with you. It's a beautiful thing. Seven years. What's on your mind, Miles? You give Ed Klein of the American Bowling Congress a call. Tell him your Maynard's boy. He's expecting you, and he owes me. He'll getcha back in like Flynn. Don't say I never gave you nothing. I didn't mean that stuff I said. I was trying to keep you out of this muddle. I'm glad I didn't have my tubes tied. Oh, and by the way, I made a call for you before I - uh - retired. Buzz takes his card and scrawl on the back with a gold pen. Listen, if straight doesn't work out, you come work for me. Just make sure nobody's following you. Buzz's face is eerily lit by the glow of the sunset, his halo bouncing in the breeze. Thanks, kid. Where are you goin' now? So, eh, you never saw me. Right? Bowling died for me years ago. Besides, I'm a living dead legend. I'm a hero. I told you to get lost. You forced yourself into this mess, so the mess accommodated you. Buzz straightens out and carefully remolds the bent out of shape halo. I am underground. We ain't married no more. Look, kid, gimme a break. I'm an old man. I'm runnin' on a Delrin aorta. I'm finished - dead from my ankles up. You never even took the shot. You couldn't do it. Theo moves towards Buzz in a threatening manner. Not for somebody who hit a man with his ball on national television. No... He'll be a barnacle on your ass the rest of your life. Did that porcupine say he'd get you back on the tour? Theo, I want you to get out of this town. You're dead without the pro-tour, and you know it. Get him away from me. Sid and Breeze punch Theo in the face. That's a laugh. You're all strung out. You're a bowling junkie. I had a career. She wanted a little bowler of her own. Sid and Breeze leap into the fray, prying the two men apart. They wrestle Theo against a wall, pressing his face into the tiles. What makes you so sure it was me? She coulda had lotsa bowlers! Theo rushes Buzz and grabs his arm. The two men struggle for the pin. You wish! I'm more of a bowler than you'll ever be. I deal with my own shit. I ain't asking anyone to bail me out. I do what I gotta do to survive. What's it look like to you? If the Japanese are pansies, then pansies are my kind of people. Sheila steps over to the booth with their food. The Buzz Burger has three holes cut in the middle to make it look like a bowling ball. Buzz sees the two sleazeballs park their car and walk towards the diner. It's gonna be bigger than big. Think Europe. Think Asia. They don't have room for real golf courses in Japan. It's the next level, the next dimension... ...the small ball. kissed a lotta tadpoles. Listen, I been thinking about your problem. I'm not the guy to sponsor you. It would be unethical. But, there is something I could do for you. Putt-putt golf. Watch out for that one. She's got a great average, but she's looking for a prince. And, believe me, she's Theo! This is Sheila Kastle, my partner's daughter. I couldn't pay someone enough to try to kill me. Sheila comes over to take their orders. You shouldn't listen to her, she's a nervous old Nellie. You know what a mixer ball is? It's like you, you come out of nowhere and upset things, scattering everything all over. Buzz grumpily waves at him to sit. I ain't nobody's father! You're a bullshit artist, that's what you are. You got no right to be here! Theo yanks the trophy away from Buzz. I don't know no Grace Skinner. Who are you? Who sent you here? Grace Skinner. Who's Grace Skinner to you? Who gave it to you? Where'd you get this ball? Orange whip, nectar of the bowling gods. Thanks sweetie. Millie turns the tray so that Buzz takes the untainted whip. Theo takes the other glass. That game was before you was born. Yeah, against that prick VanDeMark. Sure, around here, any fat old bald guy could be king. I'm nothing. It wouldn't do any good for me to talk to the Congress. Hey, you thirsty? You like orange whips? What do you think I can do? 100 years! I got suspended when I was young, too. I was pretty cocky in my day. Don't worry about the Congress, they're just a bunch of moralistic busy-bodies. Need some advice, huh. I know your face, you're an up-and-comer. You bowl on the tour. Buzz Fazeli. You see what you did? Take your ball and get out. Millie, please. I don't have a son. I think you better leave now young man. Buzz gestures towards the front door. Millie, I know what I'm doing. Bowlers don't go around killing other bowlers. He's only a fan, Millie. I'll give him some tips and an autograph and he's outta here. He's not the guy, Millie. Just whip the whips. Clam it!I'll tell you one thing, you won't see me around that alley with that freak on the loose. Stay away from his ass - and don't play any of his fuckin' knock-knock jokes. I was doing the lambada with her and the guy freaks, he breaks my arm, tries to kill me. I swear man, the guy thought I was a pi�ata. If nobody else hadn't a been there, he wouldn't have stopped. He woulda killed me. Fuckin' guy man, just snapped. How do you like your burger? Hey man, welcome to our parking lot. Lemme give you some advice, if she asks you to dance, make sure her brother's not around. Somebody blew out Junior's pilot light, if you get my meaning. Cool!You played bouncy-bouncy with Sheila, so I'm gonna play Blue-Face with you. He told me to play Blue-Face with Buzz. I like games. Nobody touches her. Except me. I touch her. Sheila told me you played bouncy- bouncy with her. You shouldn't touch her. JUNIOR! You're supposed to say JUNIOR WHO! I'm going to have to hurt you. Theo and Junior circle one another. NO. I SAY KNOCK-KNOCK! You say who's there. I say who's there and then you say who who. You're not playing right. Knock-knock. Who's there! Who's there? It feels good to let it out, doesn't it? Sheila leans over and whispers furiously to her father. You're prone to violent outbursts, aren't you? J'you-and-your-friend do it yet? Junior. Come on Sheila, knock-knock. It's not so bad. When I'm alone, it feels like someone else. Sheila grabs the bottle from Junior, opens it and pours some on her shish kebab. She leans over and whispers furiously to her father. Blueface! Blueface is my favorite. Someone wants to play with me? You made me hurt him! Needs lubrication. Lubrication. SHEILA!I'm sure you have Buzz. Simple math, Buzz. Two plus two does not equal three. And look at that; both partners go down together. Kastle shoves the sculpture onto the floor, stands up, and crushes it under his heel. He goes over and puts his arm around Buzz. A beautiful thing. And you know why Buzz? You know what we got? Buzz raises an eyebrow as he buttons his shirt. brainstorm, Buzz. I admit, I thought it was a rotten idea, but I put up the scratch. And now we got a beautiful thing. This scam we got going here was your We've been partners a long time now, haven't we Buzz? I have someone for you to play Blueface with Junior. I have someone for you to play with Junior. We're having a party for you, boy. Cake and shish-k-bob, just like you love. Junior cringes away from the light. Come on, Junior. Everyone's waiting for you, son. The beam of light catches Junior's face. He is crouched inside the machine at lane six. Jr. His face is cut and bleeding and his straitjacket torn and filthy. Junior's a problem child. He has a thing about - I want you two to pick up Buzz and bring him to lane six. Junior will take it from there. Buzz has been moving the cash out in hollow bowling pins. Sid and Breeze throw sideways glances at each other. Hey, enough fun and games. We have work to do. Come on Junior. Kastle heads for his car. Junior gets up and follows. The two sleazeballs tarry as Theo stands. If I find out Buzz is comin' up short on dwarf bowling, it's lights out for him and pink slips for you. Sid and Breeze look sideways at each other. It's not an "Alley". I hate when people call it a "Bowling Alley", it's so common! I prefer "Bowling Center". He killed your stoolie embezzler father, and he's gonna kill you next! Sid and Breeze push him towards the van as the crowd's MURMUR increases. Kastle turns and yells over his shoulder. I think Buzz is retiring soon. In fact, I think he's retiring tonight. Kastle pulls out a shiny gold credit card and holds it in front of Sheila. I like you, Theo. You bowl with soul. You need a sponsor; I have influence. I could sponsor you. A guy like you could breathe some fire into bowling. You got ambition like a...like a...blowtorch. You go for what you want and anything that gets in your way - PSSSHHT! - shish kebabs. Maybe lady fate washed you up on my doorstep for your own good. I think I could help you, Theo. There's a lot of competition for amusement out there. You gotta adapt to survive. Rac. R-A-C. Renovate, Automate, Computerize. That, my boy, is the future. One of the monitors shows a little girl bowling. Her ball moves so slowly it barely tips over the first pin. Kastle hits a key and the pins explode in an emphatic strike. The little girl jumps with joy. He's earned an early retirement. But enough about losers; Buzz Fazeli is history. Lets talk about your future. I wanna show you something. If it springs a leak, it'll be because Buzz is making waves. Profits down there, philanthropy up here. Besides, it beats the pants off bingo. Think of this business like a big aquarium. You gotta have some sharks to eat the dirt at the bottom so the guppies can swim free at the top. That's right, didn't you have a slight control problem in a recent tournament,champ? Now go take out your "big four", darling. Come on, we're making her nervous. It's nothing, just a slight business imbalance. How's Gloria's thumb? Maybe I can help you. Try a lighter ball, Penelope - you'll get hurt with that big ball, honey. I've seen tapes of you bowling on the circuit. You got Fazeli blood running through you. Your pop was a genuine talent in his day. I heard you've been having a little trouble with the Congress. Theo pulls his eyes off Sheila. Kastle walks Theo past pairs of bowlers. Nobody sticks a finger into a bowling ball in this town without Miles Kastle knowing about it. You don't mind if I have a word with Theo, do you bunny? Kastle takes Theo by the elbow and pulls him away. So you're Buzz's boy. I've been expecting you. You hurt my feelings when you didn't come and see me sooner. Bowling "Center"! Fantastic! What talent. Just because your mother signed part ownership of the lanes over to you, doesn't mean you have a right to tell me how to run my business! I can have my lawyers take that deed away from you like that. Sheila and Kastle sit up. Look who's talking! She ran away to be with that... that Motocross champion. You're just like you mother! Always jealous! He stuck it in the ball return machine when he was a kid. Crushed all the nerve endings. Junior starts stroking the ketchup bottle with his dead hand. See! No feeling. Tell Theo what happened to your hand, Junior. I bet you didn't know that you and Junior have something in common, Theo: Junior can't bowl anymore either. Isn't that right Junior? Kastle SLAMS the ketchup bottle down on Junior's right hand. The table settings jump from the shock. Junior sits impassively, his face a blank. Ssssh! Now real quiet. On three. One...two...three! Four or five years when a girl like that's bowling on the pro tour for Team Kastle, she'll pay a handsome profit on my investment. I get them while they're young. Builds loyalty. You keep that up Carmelita and one day you'll be a champion just like Mr. Skinner here. What do you think, Theo? Think Carmelita's got the stuff? Hello, Violet. How's my favorite 'bowlerina' doing?Hole in one! You're the queen of stroke! No, no, that's too far. Try a more gentle stroke. It's all in the stroke. Go ahead, now, honey - stroke. As the camera comes around the side of the whale, we see an elderly man in a fire hydrant red sports coat and white slacks hunched over a diminutive fiftyish woman. His back is to the camera and he is wearing a baseball cap with a plastic halo attached to it. Now swing it out a little to the right... Line up where you want it. That's right, sugar, find the grip that's right for you. Then grasp firmly. The camera weaves past a five foot pink whale with a gaping green mouth leading onto a mini-green.See ya 'round Faz. The Faz sure took care a her. Breeze makes a nasal GRUNT as he tries to suppress a snigger. Sid - trying to keep a straight face - elbows him. Sid and Breeze approach the coffin. Breeze pulls an orange whip out of a paper bag and carefully places it on the coffin lid. Think he bought it? She told us you went after Junior to save your old man's hide. You got some balls goin' after that psycho. Kastle's daughter's been lookin' for you. Nothing going on here, everybody stand back. Let him through, ladies. Ladies, please. As they start to move through the female throng, a little girl pops out in front of them, holding her ball. Hello Mr. Kastle. Junior, long time. I thought they locked you up and threw away the warden! How do you turn this thing off? Right, eating at the core, eating it's way out. It makes me sick! But not no more. Now people take advantage. Bowling ain't what it used to be. There's something evil spreading in this sport - like a big, gigantic, puss- ridden - gambling. And it was a safe place for kids, a place where the whole community could meet for some wholesome, clean fun. Bowling was the most incorruptible sport. No megalomillionaires, no You know, Elvis bowled. You got an 8-track tape player on purpose, just 'cause you knew the only thing they had on 8-track was fuckin' opera. How do you know, you don't even speak Latin? I hate fuckin' opera. Bowling used to be so pure, so...All- American. Breeze sings along with Caruso and pretends to conduct. So Buzz, let's skedaddle. Mr. Kastle is waiting. As Buzz gets up, Theo rises and steps between his father and the two sleazeballs. Pinhead! Don't just blurt it right out. Look, Faz, Mr. Kastle was not his usual charismatic self today when he told us to tell you... What was that he said...? Buzz, Mr. Kastle wants to talk to you. We're looking for Buzz Fazeli, seen him? Three whips. To go. You afraid we're gonna steal it? Yeah, basement bingo. What do you want with old man Faz? No, pinhead, he ain't here to bowl. No! If Junior thinks you're doing the bouncy- bouncy with his sister, he's gonna tap dance on your spleen. Someone gonna get kacked, boss? Weird, comes into alleys and doesn't bowl. Ow! Ooh! No, please! Doc said I'd be back on the planks in a week! Show him Breeze! Breeze pulls a copy of "New York Bowler" from his pocket. The headline reads "RUB OUT!:BOWLING LEGEND KACKED BY DWARFSCAM KINGPIN" with a photo of Buzz Fazeli. The body was identified along proper Bowling Congress guidelines for processing a bowling related fatality. Your time is up, busyboy. You call it stooling, we call it cooperating. Breeze looks under Theo's car. You should probably hit the road. Go home. This place could get hazardous for your health. What are you gonna do, call the bowling police? Very good, busyboy. Breeze, give him his ball back! Aagh! Stop! Those are my bowling fingers! We provide some extracurricular activities for the senior citizens in the community. If you wanna do business in this town, there's other people around here got more weight than old Faz. You drag that coconut around for your health, or do you know how to use it? Lane's closed big fellah, league night.The pin machine? Maybe I should have left the ball in the car. Yeah, but it didn't go so good. He wasn't the man I thought he'd be. Theo is trying to affix the lid on his cup, but his hands are trembling, spilling some of the coffee. 99 years, 241 days, 15 hours, and 20 minutes of no bowling. Alfie shuffles up to the self-serve island and begins wiping it down. A bowler. I'm looking for a man. I'm from Akron. No. I'm from Akron. You have orange whips? Nope. You tried to make it look like Junior trashed his place. Junior's underground in that coffin you dicks put him in. I should've pegged you guys for bowling dicks from day one. You said it would be unethical to help me. You call dwarf bowling ethical! He's my dad. I don't know no Buzz Fazeli. It belonged to my dad. Where can I find Buzz Fazeli? See ya 'round Maynard. I'm goin' straight. No more short cuts. Theo gets into the car. Buzz leans in the open window. I never saw you. You're a scumbag. What about bowling? It could just as easily have been me in that box. The whole world thinks you're underground. He says that to all his wives. I couldn't care less. I was beaten on a shot named after my own dad. The moment passes. Theo turns and climbs into his car. He looks up at Buzz. That's right, Buzz, and you know when I did it? Last match, last frame. All I needed was one spare for the crown - and I get stuck with the seven-ten, the Fazeli Split. I didn't think so. You got a better offer? I gotta survive. I'm getting to like it here. I don't need the stinking pro-tour. Fuck you and fuck bowling. Don't say that about my mom! I'm your blood. You have no right to call yourself a bowler. Buzz slaps Theo in the face. It looks like dwarf bowling. What the fuck is this? Maybe I could bowl in Japan. Not for me. Miniature golf's for pansies. The small ball. Putt-putt golf? Theo. She thinks someone's trying to kill you. What are you doing over at the lanes that's so dangerous, Buzz? Millie left to stay with her sister in Ronkonkoma. I got a right. You're my father. You knew her. You married her in 1963. I'm your son. You're a hard father to find. She's my mom. Grace Skinner. It's mine. Thanks. My mom was there. She told me about it. The 'Fazeli Split.' Ten thousand to one, but you pegged it. The toughest shot on the last frame. Remember the finals in Akron in '59? You had a seven-ten split in the final frame. I've never had orange whips, I'm from Akron. I need a sponsor to get my sanction card back. Where I come from, you're the king. I can appeal in five. I was hoping you could help me Mr. Fazeli. They suspended me for 100 years. Well, Mr. Fazeli, the Bowling Congress says I'm a thorn in their side. I'm not on the tour this year. Theo. I gotta go. Love ya mom. Mom, you know I had to do it. I just did it a little too late. I found dad. Hello, mom? Uh...over easy. How's that? Theo. Howzitgoin. Don't tell me, John. I don't want to play. What did you do to Buzz? What did your dad tell you to do to Buzz? Theo scrambles up the lane on hands and knees. Junior catches him, grabbing his ankles. No, Junior, you shouldn't touch her. Who's there? Buzz Fazeli. Knock-knock. It depends. I don't like to talk about it. Where's Junior? You already have a partner Mr. Kastle. Sheila walks over as the sleazeballs' car pulls out of the driveway. Why would you help me? How Mr. Kastle? I like the sport the way it is. What ever happened to just bowling? What if he wants to get out? Nice set-up. That's some pinfall. Almost a 133 average. Her ball's flat, she needs to work on her spin control. What's with the bad air between you two, Mr. Kastle? You might say I'm at the top of their shit list. You know who I am? Where can I find him? He's my father, Millie. I couldn't kill Buzz. I need his help. Theo helps Millie load suitcases into the trunk of her car. I'm sorry about Zeus, Millie. They suspended me. I'm a bowler. Is Mr. Fazeli in please? You bet. For five bucks, I'll even throw in the tongue. I am a professional man. Sez you! You think I'm dumping you to get back into bowling. Well who's dumping who? Fuck plan C! My word is good, and it'll always be good. When did I ever give my word to you? You're really pissing me off. What makes you think you know me so well that you can give me an ultimatum? Huh? SSHHEEIILLAAA! I didn't come this far to bury a guy that's not my dad. He owes me. Plan C. From now on it's gonna be plan C. Both bodies throb and grind, their sandy hands sliding over each others' sweaty skin. At least I'll die smiling. I killed him once, I'll just have to kill him again. When I'm with you Sheila, I don't even think about bowling. Theo takes Sheila in his arms and kisses her passionately. She stops him and looks around nervously. I did your dirty work for you Sheila, now fuck off. Theo drives away leaving Sheila standing alone. She watches his car recede with a thoughtful expression, then turns on her heel. I think your brother may have already gotten to Buzz. He gets into his car. I didn't stop to take his pulse. You should. He's dead Sheila. You wanted me to kill him, didn't you? How do you get this thing down? Oh great! He tried to kill me! You knew he would go off if he thought I fooled around with you. What the hell did you go doing that for Sheila? We haven't even gotten naked yet! It. Bouncy-bouncy. Fucked. He tried to squeeze my fucking head off. What did you say to him? When they reach each other, they stop. Sheila seems to weigh her answer. You told Junior that we did it. I'll be at the bridge. He's my father. It's Junior, isn't it. Tell me, Sheila. What are you afraid of? Sheila shakes her head. Why not? Are you fucking with me Sheila? Is something gonna happen to Buzz? Sheila seems to be trying to tell Theo, but is unable. You got any broken bones? Too late for what, Sheila? Way too late. Buzz Fazeli is history. Too late for what? Zip. Why should I help that old fuck. Nope, I couldn't care less. Then it's true, isn't it? About... What about the guy he put in the body cast? What are you going to do about your brother? If you want a professional man, you have to be willing to pay for him. I could let them go for ten. More than you could afford. I may not be a pro bowler, but I'm no amateur man. Sheila moves closer to Theo. I bet you get to meet a lot of eligible bowlers. So why do you stay? It's been awhile. She didn't want me looking for my dad. Really? I kinda like it. What's plan C? Sheila, please. He asked me to keep an eye on you for a couple of days. Nothing. He said he'd sponsor me. Plan B is your dad. Well, that was plan A. I used to be kind of wild. They used to call me the bad boy of bowling. No, I'm fascinated. I don't know. It's all I ever wanted to do. Do I want you? Unfortunately what he wants is you. So this brother of yours is hazardous to the health of your dates? No. Do You? Not while I'm in training. I'd rather you didn't. The ladies in Akron call them thigh- ticklers. No, not at all. Whoa. What does he do? Where did your brother escape from? Kinda tough on the butt. Isn't this technically a scooter? This is a vicious cycle. Having a legend for a dad isn't all it's cracked up to be. Business. I came here to have a word with your dad. I'm not here to - I can't... Do you know where they're taking him? Do those two work for your dad or mine? Uh...over easy. Then I'll have the number four with one of your finest whips. What's your specialty? You faked my dad's murder. You used him! Where is he! Theo chases Sid and Breeze around their car. He catches Sid and grabs the middle fingers on his right hand. Sid howls. I'm the next of kin. I should've seen him. Who identified the body? Why is Junior's watch in that coffin? Something stinks around here. So, Buzz was stooling for you guys. Dwarf bowling's illegal. Tell your little pal to let go. Basement bingo? You guys got something going on downstairs? Some unfinished business. I'm looking for somebody. I'm not here to bowl.