You're describing half the high school girls in America. What is she doing right now? Tell me some other things about her. What color hair will she have? Let's test it for the record. Will the next victim be a man or a woman? You said, "Teresa Banks", so you think something is going on somewhere in the world right now that is connected with her murder? Yes, it's a great big psychedelic circus ride, isn't it, Cooper? Cooper, the ooze of mumbo jumbo is rising up above our heads. Do you honestly think Cole's practice of word association works?I want you to kill for me. I want you to kill for me. I am the One who wants to breathe thru your nose and taste thru your mouth. That's not important. I will tell you what is important. The fan will soon be starting. SEE WHAT WE CAN DO TO DONNA? I want you. I'm glad you let me talk to you. You used to not let me talk to you.Bobby's got it. We can do it right here. Why? Why not? Where are you goin'? Let's ditch this place and party. Yeah, and I'm gonna need that ten thousand dollars back. Don't get funny with me again. No shit... We killed a guy for baby laxative. The stuff we got last night. Bad news, kid, it was baby laxative. Babe, I'm on my way out to the woods to divvy up the product. Put this cash in your safety deposit box... It's ten thousand dollars. This isn't Mike. Is this Mike? Here he comes. Maybe our biggest. I'll see you two doors down from your place at 11:00. It's taken care of, babe. You and I are going to make a big score tonight. This will tide you over. Oh, yeah? You'll be callin' soon and maybe I'm not gonna be there. I'M NOT KIDDIN'. WHERE WERE YOU? WHO WERE YOU WITH? Where were you for the last hour? I've been lookin' for you?My alibi is as strong as these bands of steel. We got a phone, here, that's got a little ring. Maybe not a thing, but maybe two things. What the hell is that thing doing out there? You're not taking that body anywhere. It's 4:30. We close at five. Out back in our morgue. A basic kill. Banks was a drifter and nobody knew her. My boys have been all over this. It's a dead end. You're lucky I am not wasting you. Well, little fella, we don't need any outside help here. I don't like you people sniffin' around my neck of the woods. In fact, when the state boys called me about a "J. Edgar" coming up I think I said, "So what?"Yep, it sure is. Chalfont. Weird. Chalfont was the name of the folks that rented the space before they did. Two Chalfonts. An old woman and her grandson. A trailer was here. What the hell do you think? God damn, you people are confusing. Well, where are you going? That's not the way to Cliff's trailer. I told you. GOD. I'm beginning to lose faith in the United States Government and that includes the telephone system. Don't you folks talk to one another. That's her trailer there and I haven't touched a god damn thing. Agent Chet Desmond come by a second time and asked too see Deputy Cliff Howard's trailer ...which I showed him. I went back to my trailer... After that I never saw him again. That's alright. I was having a bad dream. I was dreamin' about a joke with no punchline. Not a lot around here, no. Got some clubs, but not very many fellas with balls. That's right. That's the best coffee you're gonna get around here. No, hey, I already told this whole damn thing to Sheriff "Not-Quite- Able"... Here's the trailer now. Not that I know of. But arguments do happen, don't they? Right. She had a friend with her. The friend took off. Mrs. Simmons owns the trailer and she lives in town. Teresa rented it about a month ago. More popular than Uncle's Day at a whorehouse. GOD DAMN, THAT MORNING SUN IS BRIGHT! BLUE BRIGHT.You try that you little monkey. Got a couple of cups of coffee at Hap's from her. That's it. By the way where do you get off questioning a lawman? I could ask you the same question. You can tell J. Edgar that I was at a party and I got fifteen fuckin' witnesses. Maybe I just live here, what do you think about that? Oh.GOOD LUCK, CHET. SAM, YOU STICK WITH CHET, HE'S GOT HIS OWN M.O. MODUS OPERANDI. YOU CAN REACH ME AT THE PHILADELPHIA OFFICES. I AM FLYING OUT TODAY. YOUR SURPRISE, CHET. HER NAME IS LIL. I'VE GOT A SURPRISE FOR YOU, CHET. SOMETHING INTERESTING THAT I WOULD LIKE TO SHOW YOU. ARRANGEMENTS ARE BEING MADE AND I WILL MEET YOU AT THE PORTLAND, AIRPORT. GOT A MAP OF THE ENVIRONS OF THE YAKIMA INDIAN RESERVATION WITH YOUR NAME ON IT. BETTER BRING A POLE. OREGON. A YOUNG GIRL HAS BEEN MURDERED. SEVENTEEN YEARS OLD. NAMED TERESA BANKS. NO, IT'S OREGON, PORTLAND, OREGON. IT'S REGIONAL BUREAU CHIEF COLE. OUT IN PORTLAND OREGON. I NEED YOU OUT HERE, CHET. CHET, I AM CALLING YOU FROM PORTLAND... OREGON. ALBERT, WHY TYLENOL? ALBERT? QUICKLY MEN... WORD ASSOCIATION, COOP. WHAT ARE YOU THINKING ABOUT RIGHT NOW? ALBERT, COME BACK HERE. HE'S GONE CALL THE FRONT DESK. HE'S GONE. COOPER, MEET THE LONG LOST PHILLIP JEFFRIES. YOU MAY HAVE HEARD OF HIM AT THE ACADEMY. COOP, AGENT CHET DESMOND HAS DISAPPEARED. GONE LIKE THE WIND IN DEER MEADOW.She is preparing a great abundance of food. She's in high school. She's sexually active. She's on drugs. She's crying out for some help. Blonde. A woman. Yes. Either right now or right when I thought of it. The name and memory of Teresa Banks is haunting me. Lately I have been filled with a knowingness that the murderer will strike again. Because it is only a feeling, I am powerless to stop it. And another thing, Albert, when the next murder happens you will help me solve it. Albert. The very fact that we are talking about word association means we are in a space that was opened up by our practice of word association. The world is a hologram, Albert. Is that Agent Desmond's vehicle? Can you tell me what their names were? Can you tell me who's trailer it was... and who stayed in the trailer? What was here, Mr. Rodd? I am going over here. I am not going to Cliff's trailer. Thank you, Carl. It was a year ago today that Teresa Banks was killed. I'm wondering if the murderer will ever kill again. Teresa Banks. What? Phillip? What is it, Gordon? And no one found the ring? Tell me about the letter. Stanley, I heard all about it. And neither will I. I'm up to speed, Stanley. Anything else? Where am I? And how can I leave? That would indicate that it's the future. Where is the ring?Sam, get the body and put it in the van. Sheriff Cable, where were you the night Teresa Banks was murdered? Teresa Banks had a ring. Any idea what happened to it? We're taking the body back to Portland and there's not a thing you can do about it. We've got our own clock. We'll lock up. That's why we're here, Sheriff Cable. Where's the body? Well, little fella, let me put it this way. The operative word here would be "Federal". With or without the semantics of all this, I am now ordering you to release all pertinent information concerning Teresa Banks, both while living and deceased. Your behavior is not funny and is wasting the time of the Federal Government. I'm here to investigate the murder of Teresa Banks. Thanks for your help, Carl. Sorry we woke you up. Is there a golf course around here? You weren't kiddin'. This stuff's got the sting of the forty-eight hour blend. Yes they do. Did she have visitors? Was there an argument? Did she have someone with her? Federal Bureau of Investigation, Special Agent Chet Desmond and Agent Sam Stanley. Sorry to disturb you, but we would like to see Teresa Banks' trailer, please. I think I'll take off my badge as well. No you couldn't. Did you know Teresa Banks? Can I ask you where you were the night Teresa Banks was murdered? What are you doing here in the trailer court, Deputy? Okay, that's it. I've had enough of the waiting room now. Right, Gordon. We'll be in touch. Congratulations. I heard about that. Smell something fishy, huh? Okay, Gordon!!! OK, Gordon. OK, Gordon. Yes... Did she ever mention any friends? Ever see her with someone else? Any friends? I'd like to ask you a few questions about Teresa Banks Sorry to hear it. Where's Hap? Thanks. What do you mean? Thanks. He's with me. Anything you would like to tell us about Teresa Banks that would help us out? Do you take cocaine, Irene? Did you ever see Teresa take cocaine? What happened to her? Federal Bureau of Investigation, Special Agent Chet Desmond. I'd like to ask you a few questions about Teresa Banks. Jack said you knew her. How well? Say no more. How come Jack let's you work here? Thanks, Sam, for the good work. You have a good eye for detail. Faulty wiring. I don't take it, Sam. I give it. He's not the murderer. But he's a bozo. My guess is there isn't enough detail in the photo to get an idea of the design on the ring, but we should do a blowup of this anyway. Take a look at this. You better dust this place, Sam. She must have known someone. No, Sam, I'm speaking plainly and I mean just exactly what I say. I think we should see the sun rise at the Canyon Trailer Park. I think that's a good idea. It's late, Sam. We're not. You and I are going to get some food. What is it? Accidental? Oh. Cole said she was 17. Sure, but let's finish up with this first. I don't know, Sam. That's good. That's what I heard. Gordon would not have sent us to Deer Meadow without thinking it was a high priority situation. He talks loud. And he loves his code. What? That's just Gordon's bad taste. Very good, but I can't tell you about that. Gordon said you were good. The tailored dress is our code for drugs. Did you notice what was pinned to it? Right, which is probably why Lil was wearing a red wig meaning we are headed into a dangerous situation. Let me ask you something, Stanley, did you notice anything about the dress? Not Cole's Uncle but probably the sheriff's uncle in federal prison. Her face had a sour look... that means we're going to have trouble with the local authorities. They are not going to be receptive to the FBI. Lil was wearing a sour face. I'll explain it to you. Do you remember Lil's dance? We're heading into a difficult situation. Sort of shorthand. Code. If you work with Gordon you learn that right away.Brother, I hear you talkin'. I did? I didn't see anything. Nice night. You got it. What'll it be? You know what that Big "E" stands for? Big Ed's Gas Farm. Hey, Pete. Can't believe your tank's dry up at the mill.I'm so sorry, Laura. What about James? Can't James help you? You two are so in love. But you're strong Laura... so much stronger than I... How can I help you? I can't. I can't even go outside. Laura, no, I'm not. I'm not Bob. Poor Laura. I wish I could help you. No... No... What does Bob say? Maybe. But Bob isn't real. Who would do that?No. Ask Irene over there. No. No. Sheriff Cable's already asked me a few questions about Teresa Banks. She worked nights for a month. That's it. He didn't suffer. He's dead -- good and dead. Had the FBI here once before. Back in the fifties when Hap was running the place.Send me a kiss. Laura, you have to deal with all of this. Did you make me a tape? A little trouble with your parents is the least of your worries and something I am certainly willing to put up with. Laura, you didn't come and see me today.We're on our way, Baby. Right on time, baby. But it wasn't him... she was after a huge guy, six foot four with a broken nose. She said he looked just like a boxer. Speaking of sandwiches... I think Bobby was arranging something for you... Speaking of arrangements... SPEAKING OF ARRANGEMENTS... Why don't you two come up to the cabin this week? Leo and I know that Santy Claus is coming to town... Thursday. That's right. She called me. She even asked me what your fathers looked like... And what a muffin you have. No "Jacques". I am the Great Went. Baby, you know why? Cause it'll never get here.See what? What are you talking about? Bobby didn't kill anybody. What? What? Say anything you want... I know you love me and I love you. You always hurt the ones you love. Oh, Laura. What is wrong with us?... We have everything. What do you mean? What the hell is wrong with you? What's going on? What about tonight? This afternoon? I've got to see you. When am I going to see you? You're on somethin' again, aren't you? We were supposed to be together. Where were you last night? We were supposed to get together. You didn't show up. You're not a turkey. A turkey is one of the dumbest birds on earth. It does matter. We're in love. Why? It does. Laura, do you love me? Laura, I'll meet you at 2:30 after phys. ed.History is on our side, Ben. It's no accident that the great explorers were named Hennepin, Nicollet, Marquette. Exactment. They are nuts about wood. They get goofy over trees. You're getting warmer. You'd think so. No. No. Johnny, Johnny... let your Daddy and your Uncle and Leland talk. Ben... Leland, we can play the French against the Norwegians. What do the French love more than anything?They were looking for wood. Trees? Sex? Eating? Hiking? Boating? I always thought you knew it was me. DON'T MAKE ME DO IT. Laura. What's wrong this morning? You know, I did come home, come to think of it, on Thursday. I had a severe headache and I was driving in the neighborhood so I just darted in and out of the house. Where were you, Laura? I didn't see you? No. Yes. Yes. Guy just pulls up out of the blue... I mean... what is this world coming to? We're late to get to your mother. No, you haven't met him. Have you met him? A special friend? Who was that? Your hands are filthy... look, there is dirt way under this fingernail. Let me see. Sit down... sit down... Are you hungry? School? Hi, honey, how's Donna? The Norwegians are coming next week and I want you to learn to say what I just learned in Norwegian. So you can talk to them. I want you to learn to say, "Hello, my name is Leland Palmer". Hyggelig a mote dem. Jeg Heter Leland Palmer. Oh, I'll sit down, but none of us are going to start eating till Laura goes and washes her hands. How do you know what she doesn't like? Did Bobby give you that or is there someone new? Bobby didn't give you this? Did you get this from your lover? Laura didn't wash her hands before dinner. And look at this. Look at this finger here. This is serious. Mr. Benjamin Horne's got a delegation of Norwegians coming in next week and I want both of you to learn to introduce yourself. Sarah, you first. Hello, Laura. Hello Sarah. Where's my axe? "I'm hungry". Nothing, I chickened out. That's right. Who am I? Soon. How about next time we party with the girlfriends you told me about?What did you say? I'm going to show you how to wash this tile and then you're going to do it. That's one thing you are going to learn, Shelly, -- HOW TO CLEAN. It takes scrubbing, Shelly. There is no easy way. THIS IS WHERE WE LIVE, SHELLY. Anybody can clean the surface of an object, but dirt can find its way anywhere. To really clean, you have to scrub below the surface. WHERE THE DIRT IS, SHELLY. Someone who knows how to clean knows where the object was before she started cleaning and then that object goes back to its exact same spot. Shelly, I know where everything in this house is. Sometimes on the road I mentally go through this whole house and picture where every item is.You are here and there is no place to go... The later events have never been kept a secret. Someone else has it now.Even this heavy work beats being at home with the old ball and chain. Yeah... look in here. Look at it from this angle. You missed somethin', Ed. Yep... Yes... It is. I haven't got it yet. Fill 'er up. Yep. You're right. That's why I'm here. No... hell, no. Just got in the truck, started drivin', looked down at the gauge and saw a big "E" starin' at me.No, sir, we did not. Take a look at this. Chet and I found it under Teresa Banks' ring fingernail. No one could've found those splinters without a machine like this and no one has a machine like this. I cracked the Whiteman case with this. Oh, alright. You know, I liked Agent Desmond. He had his own M.O. Agent Chet wouldn't tell me what the Blue Rose meant. Did Gordon show you a woman named Lil? Agent Chet said he wanted to check the trailer court one more time. He had me drive the van with the body back here. Which we did. It was 105 miles. We do notice things, don't we, Agent Desmond? Are you going back to the trailer park for the Blue rose? Esthetics are subjective, aren't they, Agent Desmond? I'm Sam Stanley. If you ever need me. One thing that has been troubling me. That lamp at the diner. Do you think they were working on it for esthetic reasons or was their work due to faulty wiring? When he says, "Discussion", how do you take that, Agent Desmond? Yes, he is like a clown. I couldn't help but notice that you had a suspicion that Deputy Cliff was the murderer. You did think that, didn't you, Agent Desmond? May I see the magnifying glass, Agent Desmond? There doesn't seem to be enough detail in the photo to ascertain the design on the ring. She's wearing a ring. I'll get my kit. She lived alone. In that case, we should go to the Canyon Trailer Park. Are you speaking to me in a code? I doubt it was drugs, more likely a problem with a nerve. I could recheck the arm for injuries, but for real nerve work we are going to have to take the body back to Portland. It's not late, it's early. Really early. Agent Desmond, it's... Yes, it's been several hours since we've eaten. I didn't realize that so much time had past, did you, Agent Desmond? Geez, Agent Desmond, it's three-thirty in the morning. Where are we going to sleep? It is a piece of paper with the letter "T" imprinted on it. Take a look. Agent Desmond, would you hold the finger for me. There's something up there. There appears to be a contusion under the ring finger of her left hand. Crushed skull. Probable cause repeated blows to the back of the head with an obtuse angled blunt object. Subject looks to be between 16 and 18 years of age. Maybe, later we could take a look. Yes, it is good. What do you think is in these other drawers? No one could find those splinters without a machine like this. And no one had a machine like this. Solved the Whiteman Case with this. It must be a high priority situation. I see. He does talk loud. Why couldn't he have just told you all these things? What did Gordon's tie mean? A blue rose. The dress she was wearing had been altered to fit her. I noticed a different colored thread where the dress had been taken in. It wasn't her dress or she must have lost some weight. So the sheriff had got an Uncle who's committed a serious crime. Oh, the uncle is missing. What do you mean? How do you figure? Shorthand. Really? Code, I've heard a lot about this. That was really something. That dancing girl. What did it mean?We throw away the whole head. I'm not saying it's right or wrong, it's just the way I feel. It's the custom thing I was thinking of. In America we don't use any part of the fish but the meat just to the side of the insides. We throw away the tail, the rest of the insides and the head. I saw a guy eat a fish eye once in Seattle. He was digging through his food with his chopsticks for about five minutes till he found the fish eye and he dropped it into his throat. I guess it must have gotten stuck in his uvula because right away he started to have trouble. His throat began to flutter there like there was a wind blowing. And he couldn't swallow and they rushed to him and loosened his collar and they were asking him if he was alright and he started to turn blue and his eyes started to roll back into his head and he still couldn't get the fish eye out and they tried to do a Heimlich maneuver. I went over to him as they were preparing to do an emergency tracheotomy. They were over him with a knife when he suddenly shot the fish eye out of his throat and right onto the ceiling. Splat! It just stuck up there and spread out. It was about the size of a half dollar. And that's why I don't ever eat fish eyes. Even if it offended someone, I wouldn't eat a fish eye. Believe me, Josie, you would not offend the customs of this country. For instance, I don't eat fish eyes. What are you afraid of? What people think? Josie, I think we should go public.