Wait? Wait a minute, that's going to cost you more than forty bucks. Look, I don't know anybody. I never seen her before. That's cool. Now, what do you want? What do you want to tip me for? Look, you got to spell it out. Whatever you want, just say it. Sure. What do you want? Tips can be anywhere from thirty dollars to seventy dollars. Look, that twenty dollars you just paid, I don't get any of that. That goes to the guys that own this place. I get two bucks an hour, minus ten percent for a bail fund. I make all my money on tips. Are you going to stiff me? Cops aren't allowed to do that either. A judge ruled that that was entrapment. Don't ask me why. I guess he figured the sight of a Vice Officer's dong would make a girl unable to stop herself. Pull out your cock. I have to ask you that. If you were Vice you couldn't deny it. You ought to dress less square. You wouldn't get hassled so much. Here, let me help you get that tie off. You're not Vice, are you? Do you work for the Los Angeles Police Department, or do you have any other affiliation with any law enforcement agency? Sit down. Make yourself comfortable. My name's Felice. You're still dressed? Do you have any particular choice of girl? You may do that in the privacy of your room. Do you want to take a session? We offer Female Wrestling, that is, nude body to body contact, with a girl of your choice in a private room. Twenty dollars a half hour, thirty dollars hour. Any other arrangements may be discussed in the privacy of your room. Tipping is permitted. We accept Bank Americard, Master Charge and American Express.'Film Producer seeks young men, 18 to 25, for hardcore film. Prior film experience a must. Call Jake at Players Motel. 777 Vine. 463-5671. 'Film Producer' -- that should be in caps, bold face. The rate is a dollar per line, a dollar and a half bold face. How many weeks?But then you'll forget about me. I can't tell you that. What happened? Did you find out where she was? So I guess we're both fucked, huh? But at least you get to go to heaven. I don't get shit. My man. 'Pimp.' I split 'cause he don't treat me for shit. Thinks he's so cool 'cause he's black. I once tried to take my clothes but he says, 'You can't take 'em 'cause they're my clothes -- I bought 'em.' Yeah, with my fucking money... Don't get upset. I lied too. I don't make no five hundred dollars a week. Everything I make goes to Granville. Just a guess. Did you have it good with your wife? You know, sex. She left you right? Just a guess. She ain't dead though is she? You wife isn't dead is she? I wouldn't expect too much. I mean about her coming back. Once a girl gets into the life. Look, I really don't know your daughter but... On your own land? Do you live in a house back in wherever. I know what you mean. After a while they all look the same. Just a second. It's my ass I'm risking. You better do it my way. These fuckers don't mess around. Rot in hell, honey. He's busy now. Tod'll meet you at the bookstore at Eddy and O'Farrell tomorrow noon. I told him you were a 'specialty' customer. It doesn't make any sense to me. If you see anything from the inside it makes sense. You ought to hear perverts talk. A guy once almost had me convinced to let his dachshund fuck me. I thought I was fucked up. You really believe all that? Wow. Then why be good? Either you're saved or you ain't. So it's already worked out. The fix is in? Wait, wait. I'm trying to figure this out. This is like Rona Barrett. Before you become saved, God already knows who you are? No, please go on. Fuck. Shit. Yeah, yeah, go on. What the crap? Do they believe in reincarnation? I believe in reincarnation. You have to believe in something. What do they believe in -- the Whatjamacillit church? He deals in pain. Tod was. He was with Ratan. Tijuana. What do you care about? We're just alike. You think sex is so unimportant you don't do it. I think sex is so unimportant I don't care who I do it with. How important do you think sex is? Neither am I. Why? Are you a sex fiend? No. Don't knock it. A girl can save up a lot money doing this -- big money. Then you're free. You can go off to Europe, meet somebody, get married. My girlfriend's going to buy her own beauty parlor. Not me. I'm gonna travel. 'Keep movin' that's my motto. Would you rather work at Copper Penny at a dollar-eighty an hour, having every two-bit cocksucker able to yell at you? I can make more money suc... doing what I do for five minutes than I can all week at another job. No. But does it make any difference? How did you get to be the way you are? Did you ever live in a room with six people and you didn't have any money, any food, any furniture? Have your brother come out, his car break down, he can't get a job? Your friends stealing food, going through trash behind a supermarket? You don't understand shit. 'Sucking off.' You never met a working girl before, have you? You think I like sucking off guys all night? Maybe I do. So what? You can't even say it, can you? What rate? At least I'm a growing person. Hey, don't worry about it. Your daughter's around. We'll find her in a couple days. And your wife? Where's she? Jesus. Of Joanne's? I didn't think so. I've fucked detectives. Who are you? You're not a private detective either, are you? You don't drink? You have anything to drink? You want to go out and get something? Huh? I thought you were going to bed? This is different. This is nine hundred dollars. When do we start? Make it nine hundred. That was my best week. Up front? This is just temporary. I once made nine hundred in outcall. Here? What a joke. There was some detective asking about that girl. Are you a private detective? You're not a film producer, are you? Last I heard he went to San Diego. Tod might know. Nah. No. I saw her with Tod. Joanne? Got any parts? I'm free. Not free- free, but, you know, free. I don't really do this. You making a feature? Do I know you? Weren't you on the set the other night? With Ramada. It's your money. You talk. Too bad. I wasn't in it. Sure. Like in Mikey and Niki. Did you see that picture? Well, next time you talk to him, tell him to pay his actresses more. She thinks so. What do you do? You kidding? Three days work. I finish tonight. Jake'll take care of me. I ain't ever gonna see him again anyway. You can fuck off, too. Well, he can just fuck himself. Who's that? My name ain't Niki. It's Pattica, like in Attica. Thanks. Was he with a girl? I'm still in L.A., but I'm looking for Tod. I heard he was around. You remember me. Louise? Rhymes with squeeze.Were you with him, when... Men looked up to him... He died as he lived... I'll never get over it -- But I'll always remember him... You were his friend... You must have been, if he had given you this... If he sent you to his home. He was the best this country had -- he was -- Love him... Yes, it is true. That's the hard part for me... I knew him better than anyone ... I knew him best. And you admired him? Did you know him very well?I do - we do - both of us, Ben and I feel so much for Chauncey... We have to find him, Robert - he could be lost, something may have happened, we can't leave him! I wish he were here... ... Do you think we should look for him? Chauncey is so sensitive... He was overcome with grief... ... But he's...? Good. It might be pleasant for a couple of days. ... Robert... Is there any improvement...? He's very intense, and internal, don't you think? Yes, he is different... Not the kind of person one usually meets in Washington. Stay here? Is that necessary? I wanted some fresh air, Robert. How is Mr. Gardiner? Oh, Chauncey, darling... Where have you been? We thought we'd lost you - we've been looking all over! Chauncey! Chauncey! Dearest, you uncoil my wants; desire flows within me, and when you watch me my passion dissolves it. You set me free. I reveal myself to myself and I am drenched and purged. ... But I've never done... ... You mean...? When... When... When I do it? ... When I touch myself...? ... Is that all you want...? ... To watch me...? To watch...? To watch me...? I just don't excite you at all... I don't know what you want... I don't know what you like... ... Come in, Chauncey - please come in... I feel so close to you, so safe with you, Chauncey... ... And Benjamin understands that, dearest... He understands and accepts my feelings for you... It must be the punch, and it is stuffy in here -- I feel it a little myself. You're an angel, my dear - thank God there are still men like you around to give aid and comfort. Upstairs? Chauncey, you're always involved in some sort of discussion... Chauncey, where have you been? I was afraid you got bored and left, or that you were with some mysterious woman. Chauncey, this is Mr. Dennis Watson of the State Department. I've never seen anyone handle the media as well as you, Chauncey. You're so cool and detached - almost as if you were born to it. ... I guess I may as well be honest about my feelings, Chauncey, as I know you are I am in love with you... I love you and I want you... And I know that you know it and I'm grateful that you've decided to wait until... Until... I know you are, Chauncey... ... You conquer a woman from within herself, you infuse in her the need and desire and the longing for your love. ... I'm grateful to you, Chauncey... I would have opened to you with a touch, and you know that... ... But you're so strong - I can trust myself with you. I'm glad, Chauncey - I'm glad that you showed so much restraint... ... You know, Chauncey... I want us to be... I want us... You and I to become... close... I want us to become very close, you know...? I know... ... So are you, Chauncey ... ... Do you mind my being here, like this? Well, it seems you've been described as one of the architects of the President's speech. And your own comments from the 'This Evening' show are quoted side by side with the President's. Chauncey! Have you seen the papers? ... Good night, Chauncey. ... I have very few friends, Chauncey... And Benjamin's friends are all quite a bit older... Oh. Well, we can fix up one of Ben's for you tomorrow night. Sophie insists an Black Tie. ... You don't happen to have a tuxedo in your suitcase, do you? I know you do - you and your television... ... Good luck, Chauncey. He's tired, Chauncey - but he's going to watch you tonight. We'll both be watching. And Benjamin sends along his best wishes. Chauncey, I just wanted to wish you well. I know you'll be smashing. Chauncey... I'll be all right, Chauncey you go ahead with Mrs. Aubrey... ... I'm... ... I'm very grateful that you're here, Chauncey... ... With us ... Yes, so do we. Our greenhouse. Of course. Oh, his maid!... Stupid me, I thought perhaps she was someone that you may have been romantically involved with. I'm sorry... ... And what about Louise? YOU mentioned that she had gone, were you close to her also? Forgive me, Chauncey - I didn't mean to pry. You must have been very close to him. Oh, I see... Your mentor, perhaps? Was he a relative? Or an intimate friend? ... Chauncey... Last night you mentioned an old man, that died. Yes, he is. I'm sorry I didn't get to see him. Good. I'm glad to hear that. ... How did you like meeting the President? Your leg must be getting better. Chauncey! ... Good night, Chauncey. ... Why... No, I don't think so... He does...? Yes... I know, Chauncey. ... And Ben is just mad about you - you've lifted his spirits so - it's just... Well, it's just a real pleasure having you with us. Chauncey, I wanted to tell you how dreadful I feel about the accident today, but that I'm delighted that you are staying with us. Oh, I know exactly what you mean. I sometimes enjoy puttering around myself, such a pleasant way to forget one's troubles. I hope that staying here won't be an inconvenience for you. ... Would you like us to notify anyone for you? Won't your injury prevent you from attending to business, Mr. Gardiner? I admire that in a person. As for myself, I find there is so much to assimilate that it can become quite muddling at times... I can see that it must be very important for you to stay informed of all the latest events. ... I'll feel so relieved after Dr. Allenby examines your leg. After that, David can run you on home, or to your office or wherever you'd prefer... ... Is there anything special you would like to watch? Oh... Well, I'm very sorry... Did you lose something? Oh. Well, they're just a wonderful couple, we've been friends for years. We visit their island quite often. Oh... Mr. Gardiner... Mr. Chauncey Gardiner... You're not related to Basil and Perdita Gardiner are you? Pardon me, was that Mr. Chance? May I ask your name? Oh, by the way - I'm Eve Rand. Oh? Certainly... Would you care for a drink? Fine, it will save a lot of unnecessary fuss and it will be so much more pleasant for you... David, we'll just go on home. Jeffrey, would you call and let them know? Yes. My husband has been very ill. His doctor and nurses are staying with us. Those hospitals can be so impersonal - why, it might be hours before you are treated... I see. ... Say, would you mind seeing our family doctor? ... Why, yes, he is... Is your leg feeling any better? These can be such trying situations everyone seems to make such a to-do over a simple little accident. Of course, they can be very frightening, and I must apologize for David, he's never had an accident before. I hope you're comfortable. Why, there certainly is. You must see a doctor, I insist on it. Please, let us take you. ... Won't you let us do something for you? Your leg should be examined, we could take you to a hospital. ... Ben, really... ... Yes, I am, Ben. Oh. I'm very sorry. Well, if you have any need for any of our facilities, please do not hesitate to ask. Do you feel well enough for that? Oh, it wasn't all that bad, darling. We were fortunate that Mr. Gardiner turned out to be so reasonable. You heard? No headaches? Oh, Ben - I miss you so when I'm out... How are you feeling? I'll see you after the doctor has a look at your leg, Mr. Gardiner. Thank you, Greta. I'll be with Mr. Rand if I'm needed. Thank you, Wilson. That will be fine. Good evening, Wilson. Would you two excuse me for a moment? Chauncey, this is Mrs. Sophia Rowley. Sophie, this is Chauncey Gardiner... Hello, Sophie.You're gonna need somebody, someone's gotta be around for you, boy... ... You oughta find yourself a lady, Chance... But I guess it oughta be an old lady, 'cause you ain't gonna do a young one any good, not with that little thing of yours... ... You're always gonna be a little boy, ain't you? ... Goodbye, Chance... ... Well, ain't you the gentleman this mornin'... ... gotta go now, Chance... Well, no more stewin' those prunes every mornin', that's somethin', I guess... ... what are you goin' to do now, Chance? Oh, Lord, Chance - I don't know what I was expectin' from you... I'm sorry for yellin' like I did... No sir, I just don't know what I was expectin' ... ... I 'spose I'd better gather up some breakfast for you... Well, ain't that the truth... Dammit, Boy! Is that all you got to say? More gobbledegook? That Old Man's layin' up there dead as hell and it just don't make any difference to you! Then I got the hell out of that room and called the doctor and I think I woke him probably, he wasn't any too alert. He just said, 'Yeah, he's been expectin' it and said he'd send somebody over...' Lord, what a mornin'! Must of happened durin' the night, I don't know... Lord, he wasn't breathin' and as cold as a fish. I touched him, just to see, and you believe me, Chance - that's doin' more than I get paid to do... Then I just covered him up, pulled the sheet over his head... He's dead, Chance! The Old Man's dead! ... Back up those stairs - damn... That Man's needin' me more and more just before he never needs me again... I'm afraid he's slippin' a bit with every hour that goes by... ... The Old Man is getting weaker, Chance. ... Evening, Chance.Fine. They felt that since you had such close ties with the President, you would be a splendid choice. ... Can I help you? Are you looking for something? Of course. They would like you to appear on the show tonight. The Vice President was scheduled, but he had to cancel, and they asked if you would be interested. Morton Hull, the producer of 'This Evening' just called. Oh, Mr. Gardiner, I've been looking all over. Would you care to take it, sir? Mr. Gardiner, I have a telephone call for you. Sidney Courtney, the financial editor of the Washington Post.I know, Robert... But, strangely enough, I don't feel too bad about now... I feel all right... I guess it's easier... knowing Chauncey is here... to take care of things... No more, Robert... No more needles... In a minute, Robert - in a minute... Chauncey, I would like to ask a favor of you... We have common foes, Chauncey - kid lawyers and our physician! ... No, of course you don't. Excuse me for being so presumptuous. No man knows everything about another man - however, very few are honest enough to admit it. Of course! By kid-lawyers! I know exactly what you mean. Today the businessman is at the mercy of kid-lawyers from the SEC. All they want to do is regulate our natural growth! It's happening across the country! ... I've worked very hard and enjoyed my life... I've known success... and I've felt love... My associates, Chauncey - I've talked with them about you... They're eager to meet you... very eager to meet you... I'm very fond of you, Chauncey... And I understand Eve... Tell her that... tell her I'm madly in love with her... She cares for you and she needs your help, Chauncey... there's much to be looked after... Let me feel the strength in your hand, Chauncey... Let me feel your strength... Yes, that's good... I hope, Chauncey - I hope that you'll stay with Eve... Take care of her, watch over her, she's a delicate flower, Chauncey... ... I'm about to surrender the Horn of Plenty for the Horn of Gabriel, my boy... ... Chauncey... Chauncey... Good. Together, the two of you should create quite a stir - I can already hear the gossip. Senator Rowley's widow, Sophie, is hosting an evening reception tomorrow evening honoring Ambassador Skrapinov of the Soviet Union... I think it's rather obvious that Robert won't allow me to attend, so - would you go in my place, and escort Eve? And now, Chauncey, I'm afraid you must excuse me - I'm very tired all of a sudden. And, please, Chauncey - don't rush your decision. I know you're not a man to act on the spur of the moment. Oh, sure you do, the financial assistance program. I think you might be just the man to take charge of such an undertaking. I'd like you to meet with the members of the Board, we'll be able to discuss the matter at greater length at that time. ... You know, Chauncey, there's something about you... You're direct, you grasp things quickly and you state them plainly. You don't play games with words to protect yourself. I feel I can speak to you frankly... You know what I was talking to you about last night? He was quite impressed with your comments, Chauncey - he hears my sort of analysis from everyone, but yours, unfortunately - seldom if ever at all. He's a decent fellow, the President, isn't he? I think what my most insightful friend is saying, Mr. President, is that we welcome the inevitable seasons of nature, yet we are upset by the seasons of our economy. ... Maybe one day you shall find yourself in a similar position, Chauncey... Maybe one day... Yes, when I was younger I had thoughts about public office... But I found, Chauncey - that I was able to contribute more as a private citizen... of course, my wealth provided me with considerable influence, but I've tried, believe me, not to misuse that power... It's extremely important, Chauncey, when one is in a position of eminence, that he does not allow himself to become blinded to the needs of the country... The temptations are strong, and I've been labeled a 'kingmaker' by many, but I have tried to stay open to voices of the people... I have tried to remain honest to myself... No one likes a dying man, my boy - because few know what death is. All we know is the terror of it. But you're an exception, Chauncey - that's what I admire in you, your marvelous balance. You don't stagger back and forth between fear and hope - you're a truly peaceful man. Hah! It's all make-up, Chauncey... I asked nurse Teresa to fix me up, I didn't want the President to think I was going to die during our talk. Well, that's good news, my boy. Chauncey, up and around this morning, are you? ... Oh? Robert, take a look, would you? Reluctant to speak, eh, Chauncey? Well, I can understand that. When a man loses everything, anger has a tendency to block out reason for a time. Just give it some thought, work with the idea, I'm sure you'll have plenty to say in a few days. Yes, I'm sure it is. That's what they say, anyway. Now, wait a minute, Chauncey you are young, you are healthy, for God's sake don't give up on yourself! You have to fight! You can't let those bastards keep you down! I don't want to hear any more from you about the 'Room Upstairs'. That's where I'm going soon. Bravo! A gardener! Well put, Chauncey excellent! Isn't that what a businessman is? A gardener? A person that makes flinty soil productive with the labor of his own hands, who waters it with the sweat from his own brow, and who creates a place of value for his family and community? Yes, Chauncey, what a brilliant metaphor -- yes, indeed, a productive businessman is a laborer in his own vineyard. Do we have a garden? Hah! Tomorrow, Chauncey, you will see our gardens. And I'm Ben. That's good, Mr. Gardiner. Or may I call you Chauncey? What'd I tell you? Kid-lawyers! The S.E.C.! Damn them! Oh. When you say 'Your house has been closed', you mean to say that your business was shut down? ... So am I, my boy - so am I. ... You will join us for dinner, won't you, Mr. Gardiner? ... We're prisoners, Mr. Gardiner - we're prisoners of tubes and technology. Failure of the bone marrow to produce red blood cells... Not a damn thing they can do about it. Oh, they can make me comfortable, prolong my life with steroid therapy and transfusions... And what makes my blood boil, what little I have left, that is, Mr. Gardiner - is that it's generally a young person's disease... Here I am, getting on in years and about to die of a young person's disease... Sure you do. This ward is air tight, I have a little extra oxygen pumped in, keeps my spirits up. Welcome to Rand Memorial Hospital, Mr. Gardiner. ... Thank you, Chauncey... Thank you very much. ... All right, Robert, I'm all yours. That's good... That's good. I'm becoming quite attached to Chauncey - quite attached... ... And so are you, aren't you, Eve. Do you need a secretary? Hah!... Tell me the truth, Eve - if I wait until I feel better, will I ever meet the man? Reasonable? Good, I'd like to meet a reasonable man. Why don't you ask this Gardiner to join us for dinner? I may be a shut-in, but I do not lack for news. I'm sorry you had to go through all that. No, it's been a good day - better than yours, from what I've been told. Tired... And I'm getting tired of being so tired. Other than that, I'm doing very well. You take care too, Bobby. You're right, Mr. President I don't like feeling sorry for myself. Nonsense, Mr. President - I thank you for coming to spend time with a dying man. No, she flew up to Boston for another charity event. She'll be sorry to have missed you. I'm afraid so. ... There is no longer any margin for inflation, it has gone as far as it can, you've reached your limits on taxation, dependence on foreign energy has reached a crisis, and, from where I see it, Mr. President, the Free Enterprise System has reached the breaking point. We are on the brink of another crash from which recovery might not be possible. I sympathize with your position, Mr. President, I know how difficult it is to be straightforward, the reaction to such a speech could be chaos. Overall - pretty good. But, Mr. President, I think it's very dangerous to resort to temporary measures at this stage of the game. Yes, I did. Mr. President, I'd like you to meet my dear friend, Mr. Chauncey Gardiner. I'm not convinced of that, Mr. President, but your visit has raised my spirits... ... Mr. President, how good to see you.Because my son is here. And his father is here. As a mother, I don't want my child to be separated from his father. Yes...Look, during the last five years we were married, I had...I was getting more and more...unhappy, more and more frustrated. I needed to talk to somebody. I needed to find out if it was me, if I was going crazy or what. But every time I turned to Ted--my ex-husband, he couldn't handle it. He became very...I don't know, very threatened. I mean, when- ever I would bring up anything he would act like it was some kind of personal attack. Anyway, we became more and more separate ...more and more isolated from one another. Finally, I had no other choice, I had to leave. And because of my ex-husband's attitude--his unwillingness to deal with my feelings, I had come to have almost no self- esteem... At the time I left, I sincerely believed that there was something wrong with me--that my son would be better off without me. It was only when I got to California and started into therapy I began to realize I wasn't a terrible person. And that just because I needed some creative and emotional outlet other than my child, that didn't make me unfit to be a mother. Yes. Very much. I make thirty-one thousand dollars a year. Yes, I work for Jantzen as a sportswear designer. Yes. I tried to talk to Ted-- my ex-husband--about it, but he wouldn't listen. He refuses to discuss it in any serious way. I remember one time he said I probably couldn't get a job that would pay enough to hire a baby- sitter for Billy. No, I did not. The first couple, yes, but after that it became increasingly difficult. Six years. Yes. I consider it less my failure than his. I was not a failure. We were married two years before the baby. And then four very difficult years. Yes. I suppose... I...I don't know... Somewhere in between. I don't recall. I don't recall. No. No. No. No. No. No. Yes. Okay...I think I'll go talk to my son now. How do I look? Only can I still see him? He's already got one mother, he doesn't need two...He's yours... I won't fight you for him any more. He's yours... After I left...when I was in California, I began to think, what kind of mother was I that I could walk out on my own child. It got to where I couldn't tell anybody about Billy--I couldn't stand that look in their faces when I said he wasn't living with me. Finally it seemed like the most important thing in the world to come back here and prove to Billy and to me and to the world how much I loved him...And I did ...And I won. Only...it was just another "should." ...Sitting in that courtroom. Hearing everything you did, everything you went through... Something happened. I guess it doesn't matter how much I love him, or how much you love him. I guess it's like you said, the only thing that counts is what's best for Billy. I don't know, maybe that's all love is anyway... Ted, I think Billy should stay with you... Please...Please don't stop me. This is the hardest thing I've ever had to do.. Ted, when we got married it was because I was twenty-seven years old and I thought I should get married and...when I had Billy it was because I thought I should have a baby...and I guess all I did was mess up my life and your life and-- Ted, do you love him? Ted, do you love him? Please, Ted. I never would have brought it up if I thought-- I'm sorry...I just mentioned it in passing. I never thought he'd use it. Ted, if you can't discuss this rationally-- Ted, all my life I'd either been somebody's daughter or somebody's wife, or somebody else's mother. Then all of a sudden, I was a thirty-two-year-old, highly neurotic woman who had just walked out on her husband and child. I went to California because that was about as far away as I could get. Only... I guess it wasn't far enough. So I started going to a shrink. Ted, I've had time to think. I've been through some changes. I've learned a lot about myself. Ted, listen to me...You and I, we had a really crappy marriage-- Look, don't get so defensive, okay? It was probably as much my fault as it was yours... Anyway when I left I was really screwed up-- I want my son. I'm through sitting in coffee shops looking at him from across the street. I want my son. Ted...The reason I wanted to see you...I want Billy back. Watching my son...Ted, I've been living in New York for the past two months. He looks like a terrific kid. A few times. Sometimes I sit in that coffee shop across the street and watch when you take him to school. I've seen him. You can't tell it from a distance, Ted. Yes...How's Billy? How's the new job? Hello, Ted. You look well. I don't know... NO!...Please...Please don't make me stay...I swear...If you do, sooner or later...maybe tomorrow, maybe next week...maybe a year from now... I'll go right out the window. I am not! I'm a terrible mother! I'm an awful mother. I yell at him all the time. I have no patience. No...No. He's better off without me. Ted, I've got to go...I've got to go. Ted, I can't...I tried...I really tried but...I just can't hack it anymore... I'm not taking him with me. No you didn't. You didn't even ask about Billy. You just don't get it, do you? I - am - really - and - truly - leaving - you. Ted, you're not listening to me. It's over, finished. Look, it's not your fault, okay? It's me. It's my fault--you just married the wrong person. I've paid the rent, the Con-Ed and the phone bill, so you don't have to worry about them. Here are the slips for the laundry and the cleaning. They'll be ready on Saturday. I took two thousand out of the savings account. That was what I had in the bank when we got married. My American Express...My Bloomingdale's Credit Card... My check book-- Ted, I'm leaving you.It's a very good job--too good to pass up. I'll be handling funding for the whole... Look, I... ..."like" you a lot. And you... ..."like" me, okay? Maybe if it was a year from now, maybe things would be different... I'm going to take it. I've been offered a job in Washington with H.E.W. Kramer...There's something I ought to tell you. Kramer-- Right. Kramer, I'm sorry. All I was trying to do was-- Oh, for God's sake, Kramer. You have got to be the world's most naive human being. Murray has gone in and changed every single ad you've done on the entire Fire and Ice campaign. Every layout...Every idea...Every single thing, right down the line. Murray. You dope. O'Connor doesn't give a damn about Billy. All he wants is somebody that'll hang around with him every night so he won't have to go home. You want to know why? I'll tell you why... Another scotch and soda for the gentleman. I'll tell you exactly why. Because you're not his buddy anymore. Because he can't count on you to sit around the office every night until eight or nine and shoot the shit with him. O'Connor's out to get you. He's going to take the Fire and Ice account away from you. Kramer... He wanted to know if I liked fried chicken. Kramer, I've got to go. I've got an eight o'clock closing tomorrow down on Centre Street. Yes, I'll have dinner with you. Yes. Sure.It's beautiful. It's just beautiful. They have a beautiful relationship. Charley, my husband, and I are ...divorced and Kim, that's our daughter is about Billy's age and the children play together a lot. So, I guess we see each three or four times a week. Six years. Ever since Ted and Joanna moved into the building. Ted, I just heard... Maybe. I said maybe. What I mean is, ah...I don't think it'll really work out, but Charley seems to want it, so... Ah, Charley and I are...Well, we're thinking about...I mean, actually we're sort of talking about maybe getting back together. Ted. You heard anything yet? Me?! You want me to take care of Billy?! Don't say that! I don't want to hear you say that! What? Sure. I told her you're doing a Uh, huh...Yeah... Uh, huh...She said she had a good job, was playing a lot of tennis. She wanted to know all about Billy. Not for a couple of months. The last time I heard from her she was living in San Francisco. Look, I know this isn't gonna make any sense, okay? I mean forget the logic part...But I keep thinking if Charley really loved me, he wouldn't have let me divorce him. No. I don't think so. Three. And add some basil. No, not really... I guess it's different if you don't have children, but...I dunno, even if Charley and I don't live together, even if we're sleeping with other people, even if Charley was to marry again...He'd still be my husband. That stuff about "Till death do you part?" That's really true. Lenox Hill. 77th Street between Park and Lex. The emergency number is 327-0800. You're sure? You're on your own, understand? I've got enough trouble raising my own kid. I don't need another one. Got it? All right...Okay...But let's get something straight, right now. I mean, I'm sorry about what happened between you and Joanna, but it's not my problem, understand? Look, this is nothing personal, but I don't think you can do it. I mean, what are you going to do about Billy? What are you going to do? Ted, divorce is a terrible thing. I know, I went through it. You've got to believe I did everything I could to get Joanna to stay. But I'll tell you something. You may not want to hear it, but it took a lot of courage for Joanna to do what she just did. No. Maybe she didn't feel like she should have to. Maybe she felt like if you'd been paying any real attention to her to start with, maybe you would've noticed. Oh for shit's sake, Ted, you are the most selfish human being I have ever met. No wonder she said you came first, then Billy, then, if there was anything left over, she got the scraps. What d'you know about how Joanna felt? You went off to an office every morning and you'd come dragging home at seven or eight every night and as long as dinner was on the table you thought everything was swell. I mean...things. Ted, Joanna's very unhappy and-- Ted, Joanna and I used to talk a lot and...well, she told me a lot of...ah, things about the two of you. Ted, don't be so hostile. OhmyGod. Didn't she say anything? She must've said something. Ted, all I wanted to know was where-- Look, Ted, all I--Ted, I don't understand a word you're saying. Where's Joanna? Ted, what are you talking about?! Huh.. .Hello?I want to have children. It's just... I hate this city. I don't know... I've been going to some of the schools, looking for work, but the conditions here are... horrible. I can't be a burden, especially now. I know I'll get used to things. I guess I wanted to know what someone who's lived here thinks. Upstate, it was a completely different environment. I don't know if David told you, but I teach fifth grade, or did. I don't know why I asked you to come. Perfect example. I'm sorry, I only... I don't sleep very well. I mean, you known this city. You've been here for so long. If you can, please call me. Please. I have to go now... goodnight. How long have you lived here? It surprises me. It really does. You have a strange way about you... I mean interesting. I'm sorry. It's really none of my business. It's just nice to meet a man who talks like that. If David saw that paper, he'd say you're a fag. That's how he is. No matter how often I see guns, I still can't get used to them. High school and college, yes. Pretty hokey, huh? I knew on our first date this was the man I was going to marry. God... he was the funniest man I'd ever met. What? Oh, yes. I mean, thank you. Please, sit down. It's a nice name. William, I'd like you to meet David. David... William. It's nice to meet you. My husband has told me a lot about you... except your first name.