What you say? Helluva thing. Boat in the trees. It's a helluva thing. I'm talkin' about my boat. You found it with me livin' in it. Possession is nine tenths of the law. Don't tell me you boys are from Mississippi? Nails. Shaped liked crosses. Ward off evil spirits. A man I called an Indian but was Meskin said they were Seven-league boots worn by the seventh son of a seventh son. Told me it'd turn me into a werewolf but that's a lie. I don't know nothin' about that. They just good luck, but so far they ain't been workin' too well. (missing tooth smile) What's your name? Neckbone? That's a real handle son. Where ya'll from? Arkansas boys. Ya'll had me worried for a second. I doubt it. I grew up `round here, but I've been gone awhile. Different places. Spent a lot of time back up near the White. I know it. Guy named Tom Blankenship used to live back in there. Ain't that somethin'. I like you two. You remind me of me. And seeing how you boys are from Arkansas and we know some people and sounds like we all from the same place I'd say we can make a deal here about somethin'. Food. Food for a boat. I would if I could, but I told somebody I'd meet `em here. So I'm stuck for now and what I got's runnin' low. Neckbone walks back and pulls Ellis by the arm. I'm no bum. I got money. You can call me a hobo `cause a hobo'll work for his living and you can call me homeless `cause that's true for now, but if you call me a bum again I'll have to teach you somethin' about respect that your daddy never did. Neckbone's confidence recedes. Ellis stands his ground. Yeah. Yeah. Ellis studies Mud's face, clothes, tattoos. He's thinking about it. Mud pauses from fishing to make eye contact. I'm in a tight spot. I just need a little help. Where you been? You're s'posed to be helpin' me. I had to load this myself. Just get in the back. Can't be later than we are. Let's go son. Ellis crumples the wrapper to his finished hotdog and jumps down from the bed of the truck. It's ten you do your share. I loaded this mornin'. That makes it five. Ellis begrudgingly stuffs the five in his jeans. Hadn't you seen enougha him today? You see anymore Ding Dongs over there? Ellis checks under his seat and pulls out a half-empty box of Ding Dongs. Hands one over to his father who rips the package with his teeth. What? You spy on me in my own house? That's your mother's business. Senior makes this his answer, eats the Ding Dong. Come on baby. That's uncalled for. What? Senior doesn't turn around from his work at the sink. Why? Some people move to this river to work on it, and some move here to be left alone. Senior makes his way to the ice machine and begins scooping ice into a large white cooler. Mary Lee emerges from the houseboat dressed for work, a secretarial job. Senior stops what he's doing to watch her. She walks over to Ellis. I try to never sleep in the same place twice. What you got there? Mud motions with his head to the backpack in Ellis' hand. Ellis holds it out to him. I owe you boys. I was gonna try runnin' a trot line today. See how far that'd get me. I appreciate it. For protection. Ya'll don't have to be afraid of me. I have two ways to protect myself out here. This shirt, and this pistol. There are fierce powers at work in the world boys. Good, evil, poor luck, best luck. Men have to take advantage where they can. Mud removes a spool of fishing line and a small plastic tackle box. He scoops up the duffel bag and heads into the woods. Ya'll comin'? trees. I'm not waitin' for a guy. I'm waitin' on my girlfriend. Juniper. She's beautiful. Best lookin' girl I've ever seen. Hands down. Blonde hair. Long legs. She's like a dream you don't want to wake up from. She's got birds tattooed on her hands, here. Mud stops, points to the area on the top of his right hand, between his thumb and pointer finger. Nightingales. Good luck birds. No it is not. That's because God made them for us to fear. It's a thing we knew to be afraid of before we even got into this world. the island. It looks different than the other shoreline. A large swath of red clay angles sharply into the water. Cherokee would wrap snake skin around their pregnant women's bellies. Induce labor, scare the child out. Here. He fetches a length of rope out of the duffel bag and tosses it to Neckbone. Set that `round your bed at night. Snake won't cross braided rope. A reminder. Don't get bit. I was 10, swimmin' `bout a mile up from here. Me and Juniper. Sonofabitch swam right up under me, bit me just below the armpit. June got me out, got me to a clinic. Doctor said I shoulda been dead in twenty minutes. Took us an hour just to get back to town. Gave me antivenom. For a cotton mouth. See here. Mud shows the tattoo on top of his right hand. He points out the two cotton blossoms bulging from the snake's mouth. Problem with antivenom is they can only give it to you once. It's made from horse blood. Your body would reject it a second time. The cure ends up being more dangerous than the poison. I die, or just sweat it out. Neckbone, not buying it, looks at Ellis and taps his watch. All right. Mud. You can call me Mud. They look bright enough. The owner of the shop, an ELECTRICIAN(62), holds up a metal bar with the lamps affixed by bolts at either end. Should be. I rigged DC power up through marine batteries. Makes it portable. Gave you a rigging bar to set on your shoulder. So you really think these'll work under water? In theory. Holy shit Pryor, get off your ass. I ain't hidin'. He notices Senior tip back a pint of liquor and set it at his feet. Ellis opens the screen door leading inside. Come over here. Ellis lets the door fall shut and skulks over to a beam that supports the carport. He leans into it. You know I love you? I work you hard 'cause life is work. You know that? Your Mamma's been talkin' 'bout movin' in town. She seems set on it. Wants to separate. She may ask me for a divorce. It means enjoy the river son. Enjoy it while you live on it, 'cause this way a life isn't long for this world. Game and fish's 'bout made certain of that. The houseboat's in your mother's name. Her daddy give it to her not me. If she wants to leave it, Game and Fish has ever' right to take this boat apart board by board. Like I said, this is your mother's business. I've let you down. A man should be in charge of his own affairs, but I haven't worked it like that. I don't know about that anymore. Ellis? He stops and turns back to his father. Senior tries to express a sentiment he doesn't have the words for. Ellis continues inside. Ellis? Ellis, still frozen, slowly turns to him. Mud huffs out a laugh and drops the pistol to his side. What're you doin' out here? Ellis slowly raises the backpack in his hand. I appreciate that, but I didn't expect you out here at night. Look at that. You really know how to do somebody right. I didn't wanna say anything before, but it's hard to make a meal out of pumpkin pie filling. I'm not complainin'. They're yours to begin with. That's good right? Juniper. Yeah. We grew up together. I do. The first time I saw her was on this river. Just up from here. She saved my life. That's right. I was younger than you are now, but when I came to in the hospital and she was there, it was like the world split open, came back together new. Everything changed. I knew from then on I'd do anything for her. I've asked. Several times. Marriage just doesn't work for some people. I'm sorry to hear that. Who says that? I've never been one to trust the government on matters of personal property, but if your parents love each other, there's always a chance. People just sometimes forget why they fell in love in the first place. What? Where'd you see her? That's good news. Real good news. No. We picked another place to meet. Couple days from now. Tomorrow. I'll go tomorrow. Naw. I can manage. Hell I got out here didn't I? Ellis smiles. They sit in silence. Ellis stares up at the boat hanging over them, its peeling hull lit by the firelight. Mud pinches the ash from the end of his cigarette, places the stub back in his shirt pocket. Noticing Ellis, Mud tilts his head back to take in the boat. It's a helluva thing. Mud pauses, his mind working on something. Helluva thing. The two sit by the campfire staring up at the suspended boat. Can you open the trunk please ma'am? Have you picked up or seen any hitchhikers today ma'am? Have you seen this man? Son, have you seen this man? We've had reports that he's in this area. If you see him, call 9-1-1 immediately. Move along please. Up here! Mud drops them a rope with knots tied in it. Ellis starts inching his way up. Neckbone begrudgingly follows. I'm gonna have to go back on our deal for the boat. I don't feel good about it, but I don't see any other way outta what I'm into. Neckbone makes his way on board. Mud has pulled a panel off the steering column. Exposed wires dangle. What state troopers? I didn't know about that, but it doesn't surprise me. There plenty of folks lookin' for me right now. I shot a man. Killed him. I'm sorry I didn't tell ya'll sooner, but I was hopin' to be gone before anything came of it. Didn't want you involved. Ya'll have been real good to me. You're the only friends I got out here. If the state troopers have 165 blocked, they'll have others blocked too. I won't get anywhere in a car. I want to try takin' this boat down, see if we can get it in the water. With a boat like this I can make it to the gulf in two days. I could get anywhere from there. But I'd need a boat at least this big to make it on open water. It's got no title, no owner, nobody lookin' for it. It's my best shot. It was a bad piece of business. Ya'll don't need to hear about it. Juniper made a mistake. She hooked up with a guy. He was no good. His name was Hutchins. Family owns a chain of restaurants down in Texas. I was around, but me and Juniper were on the outs. She met this Hutchins, he sold her on some lies. Got her pregnant. That's when he started showin' who he really was. He dropped June down a flight of stairs after whoopin' her half to death. She lost the baby. He made it so the doctors think she can't have children anymore. There're things you can get away with in this world and things you can't. I tracked him down at a motel just outside of San Antonio. He was there with another woman. That's where it happened. I understand if you can't help me anymore, but I need this boat. And I need to get it in the water fast. I've made a list. Things we'll need. What do ya'll think? Yeah. What do you think? That's about it. What do you want? I only got two things out here worth anything. This shirt... And this pistol. I can't give you the shirt `cause I need it for protection, but if you help me get this boat in the water, the pistol's yours. A forty five. We get this thing floatin' first. Ya'll scrounge what you can off this list, but if we're gonna get this done right we'll need more help. Can you fetch Tom for me? I was hopin' to let that old assassin stay put, but we'll need him to get things ya'll can't. Can you find him? Just tell him my name. He'll know you're serious. Ellis folds the list up. He and Neckbone start down the rope as Mud goes back to the wiring. Boys? You deaf boy? I said why're you huntin' me? What's your business here? You're Senior's boy. What you got to say he can't tell me himself? Tom, rusty on pleasantries, brushes past Ellis as he heads inside the boat. Mud sent you. What do you know about it? Your daddy know this? Where is he? Mud. Sir. They stare at each other for a long moment. Neither one flinching. Where is she? In town. Got here yesterday. Tom lowers his head. Frustrated. Why you out here like this? You've spent your whole life followin' that girl! She's run you halfway cross the country and back, and for what? For this, left out on an island beggin' for help. A murderer. A thief. I ain't no thief. What would you call it then? Don't even mention draggin' those boys into this. Do you have any idea what you're doin'? I'm ashamed of you. Don't expect help from me. There's none to be given. I'm ready. Looks like we're on our own. I didn't want you bein' the one to do this, but I can't see a way around it. I need to get this letter to Juniper. Could you take it to her for me? You have to be careful. You can't just walk up and knock on her door, you hear me? You have to watch yourself. Mud didn't have no daddy. No mother I ever knew of. He was livin' in the woods when I met him. Younger than you are now. Tom doesn't offer anymore. Neckbone thinks on his answer. Ellis kills the engine near the mouth of Shelly's Oxbow. Tom jumps down into the knee deep river and wades onto shore. He turns back to the boys. Ya'll need to watch yourselves. Don't go gettin' into something you don't have any business in. Mud's into something you don't want any part of. I suggest you forget about him. Ellis and Neckbone don't respond. Tom, with a final admonishing look, disappears into the woods. Ellis cranks the motor and points the boat up river. What you want? Fish? He looks at the two boys like they are insane. You hear me bitch? Tell me another lie. Ellis rushes Carver with his shoulder as if he were breaking down a door. Carver is knocked off balance. He trips over the edge of the bed and crashes into the motel room wall. Carver, slightly stunned, gets to his feet and in two broad steps lands a man-sized punch across Ellis' face. It's hard. Ellis melts. He grabs the boy up by the scruff of his shirt. Who are you!? Who the hell are you!? Did he send you!? Carver removes a piece of paper from his pocket. It's a photo copied picture of Mud, different than the State Trooper's. Carver crams the photo in the boy's face. You know this man!? Look at him! Do you know him!? Blood trickles from a cut under Ellis' eye. He stutters under the shaking force of Carver's hands. I know you know where he is. And I swear to God I'll cut through every one a you to find him. We know you came here for him, and we know he's too stupid to leave you behind. So when he pops his head out of whatever shithole he's staying in, I'll be there. You tell him that. And you need to mind your business boy. This'll work for now. You get her my note? Where'd you get that from? What'd he look like? Dark hair? Thanks for lookin' after her. His name's Carver. Brother of the man I shot. If he's here, then more are comin'. Bounty hunters. Carver's rotten, but his daddy's the one to be scared of. He'll spend all the money he has to see me dead. If it was up to me I'd put the whole family down same as the other. Not a decent man between `em. Mud stops and turns to lay a serious look on them. Ya'll listen to me now. If you see that old man, don't get near him. He's the triple six real deal scratch you hear me? Mud waits for nods from them both. All right. What you waitin' for? Shut up. After a moment, Galen cranks the motor and speeds away. Ellis, can you climb up that trunk and get these hung? Take a foot of line and tie `em off with a bowline knot. You know it? Neck, start cuttin' line. Three fifteen foot sections. Count a foot long as your arm. It's got a wolf's eye sewn in the sleeve. More protection than a bullet ever gave. Tom swears by it. Tom's the closest thing I ever knew to a father. It's hard not knowin' the ones you came from. Tom did that for me. Tom's had lives you'd never know about. Grew up up North. Went to Yale. For a long time he was a paid killer for the C.I.A. Lived in Cuba in `63. He's probably killed more people than you've met. One down! Neckbone and Ellis watch as Mud scampers around the trunk to the next branch. The chainsaw cranks back on. Ellis looks out the car window at HIGH SCHOOL KIDS that have gathered in the Piggly Wiggly parking lot. His hair is slicked to one side, and he's wearing a collared shirt. You want some coffee? Tom disappears inside. You been seein' Mud? You don't have to lie to me boy. I've seen you runnin' around. Takin' things. He all right? He get that boat down? How long have you known Mud? Well that's long enough to know he's full of shit. I was a sharpshooter in the army. In Mud's world, that makes me an assassin. Not exactly true, right? You think he's a bad ass don't you? You know why he's stuck out on that island? He tell you why he shot that man? Right. The real reason Mud's in the trouble he's got is because of her. He's been in love with that girl since he was your age. They used to run all around here and it was the same back then. He'd follow that girl wherever she led him. Problem is she don't care about nobody but herself. I've told him as much. She'd bed down with the meanest snake she could find, then when things went bad she'd go runnin' to Mud. Mud would take her back, then go find whatever unlucky sonofabitch last put a hand on her and beat `em `til they knew to never touch her again. And this time I guess he thought a beating wasn't good enough. Had to shoot that fella. I don't know for sure, but I'd put money on Juniper knowin' he'd do it. And I have a suspicion she might of even told him to. Either way, those two are set for failure. Only chance Mud has is to cut her loose. Cause I'll tell you what, Mud's no bad ass. He's runnin' scared. You find a motor? I made a bonfire. Mud enters the woods. Ellis follows. Bonfire's an all purpose cure all for bad luck. I don't know where this boat's been or what kind of person had it before me. For all I know it could have some serious bad business left on it. We got too much ridin' on this thing to leave to chance. Where's Neckbone? What he say? You don't know his story. You should. Tom loved a woman more than most men could in two lifetimes. They had a good life started together. Mud hops down and scoops a load of wood into his arms. She was pregnant with a little boy, but the birth got the better of `em. They didn't make it. Tom's been alone ever since. Lone wolf. Mud has begun walking back to the treeline. Ellis stays. Thanks for the wood Ellis. Ellis watches him go, thinking on what he said. This shit never gets easy. I've had worse. Galen reclines as Neckbone kills the air compressor and begins organizing the gear. He watches his little nephew. You doin' all right? You don't need to tell me anything? I know I'm just your uncle, not much of a parent. But you can tell me things if you need to. Where'd you get that black eye? What you fightin' for? What girl? You got a girlfriend? When'd that happen? You seen your mother today? You not talkin' to me? Well, that's your mother. Would rather tongue lash a problem than step up and handle it. You'll see one day. Women are tough. They'll set you up for things. You can't trust love, Ellis. If you're not careful, it'll run out on you. You just gotta pick a woman and roll the dice. Hope you don't wake up in fifteen years hatin' each other. Ellis keeps staring out the window as they pull into the parking lot of the Catfish Parlour Restaurant. Senior climbs out of the truck and enters the restaurant. Ellis pops open the tailgate and reaches for a cooler. The Catfish Parlour is one business in a strip center row. There is nothing else around save for farmland and a motel across the road. Ellis notices Carver's black LINCOLN parked in the motel lot. He walks away from the truck to get a better look. Ellis scans the FOUR OTHER VEHICLES in the lot. All Texas plates. A maroon Cadillac sails past and turns into the motel. Ellis recedes to the rear of his truck. He watches as KING(76), a fireplug of a man, emerges from the Cadillac. Cramped from a long drive, he stretches and eyes the sign for the Pines Motel. A motel room door opens and Carver walks out. He's smiling and calls out to King. They hug as a green PICK-UP pulls up. MILLER, a slick dressed man in black boots, climbs out. Daddy this is Miller. He's one of ours. Yes sir. We'll be in in a minute. Miller nods and enters the motel room. King turns to Carver. Catch me up. They work in shifts. Two outside her motel, the others either out searching or sleepin' here. I met with the county sheriff but he wasn't much help. Said they'd handle their own business, but I got two of their people on payroll and a person on the inside at the state police. Good. Doin' good. Who all's here? All but two now. Nelson and James are watchin' her place. I called the rest in. Okay. Let's meet the men. Carver leads his father to the motel room. Get up. (to the others) Ya'll pay attention. This is my father, King. He runs the show. Men. I wanna thank you for the work you're doin'. It's important work, and I want you to know what it means to me personally. I'm grateful for it. No man should have to bury his son. It's not natural, and it's a pain I hope none of you ever have to endure. This man did that to me. He took my youngest boy. And now, you're gonna help me get him. Now gather `round. Come on now, in a circle. I want ya'll to join hands. Everybody take a knee. Bow your heads. I need you to help me pray for the death of the man that killed my son. What do you think? Come `ere Ellis. I found it in the river. Works great. Best ceiling fan I've ever owned. This river brings a lotta trash down it. Some a that trash is worth a lotta money, some of it's not. You gotta know what's worth keepin' and what's worth lettin' go. You know the difference? Neck looks up to you. Don't get my nephew into anything you can't get him out of. Help Me Rhonda's just about a guy needing to get a piece to get over a girl that put one over on him. So you get your heart broke, don't walk around with a shit look on your face. Get back in there. Get your tip wet. You hear me? You know what I'm sayin'. Ya'll wanna hang out? Alan's comin' over. We're gonna pump it up. Whatever. The boys exit as Galen turns on the amp. King. That's what they call him. A BOAT TRAILER rests atop FOUR, 55-GALLON BRIGHT YELLOW BARRELS affixed with plastic zip ties. The make-shift raft is half on shore with the back still floating in the water. The boys watch as Mud walks around the trailer cutting off the zip ties. The barrels kick out from underneath the trailer as this happens. He's their father. You didn't go near him did you? Good. That left-handed sonofabitch is the devil himself. If he's here, then it's time. We need to get Juniper out here. I need one that runs. All right then. Give it a shot. We do need a motor. Ellis thinks on it as Mud takes a deep breath and grabs the trailer again. You remember me don't you? Ellis nods. Carver notes the healing bruise on Ellis' face. I'm sure sorry about that. Ya'll caught me at a real bad time. Hold on now. One second. I don't want ya'll thinkin' I'm a bad guy. Ya'll were just trying to do a job, and I got in your way. Let's just say I bought that whole batch of fish ya'll were sellin'. Would forty cover it? I bet ya'll really get around this town. Probably know every hole and ditch. Have ya'll come across the man whose picture I showed you? You sure about that? Take a look with your good eye. What about that girl in the motel? The pretty one. Ya'll talk to her some more? There's a number on there. Ya'll let me know if you do. Yeah. I've seen her. Yeah, she came down askin' for directions to the nearest bar. I told her to head out to a place on Ya'll stay outta here! Ellis just stands staring at the front door. The Bartender makes a swatting motion toward them. What you say there?! Ellis appears out of the dark, followed by Neckbone. Mud's eyes search the treeline for Juniper. What you say Ellis? Ellis can't look him in the eye. Is Juniper okay? Where is she? What happened? Was it Carver? What's goin' on Ellis? What? She probably thought Carver was on to her. What was she doin' with the other guy? What were they doin' Ellis? And that's how it is. He takes the pot of roofing tar over to the boat and begins pasting some of the newly replaced boards with a flat stick. Just go home Ellis. Ellis looks at Neckbone, then sets the grocery sack on the ground. What the hell have you been doing? You tell her. You tell her what you've been up to. J.J. Crawford said a boat motor went missin' from his stock yard. Said his daughter saw this one and his friend haulin' it off. Now you tell me right now, did you steal that motor? Lie to me again. You tell me I raised a thief? You take property that's not yours. Property that belongs to another man. That junk is his livelihood. I'm ashamed of you. (to Mary Lee) Shut your mouth. You think you can take things and not have him see it? Neither one of you has any respect for a man's livelihood. A life that puts clothes on your back and food in your stomach. Don't tell me what I know. If you can steal a man's life out from under him in front of your son and think he won't take a lesson from it than you're even dumber than you look. She's raisin' you a snake like herself, and you can curl up with her `fore I give a damn. You just remember this when you watch them rip this house apart board by board. You Hear Me! I don't care what you do Ellis. What are ya'll hidin' for? Mud drops the wiring and scales down to the bank. They emerge from the woods. Ellis carries the yellow shirt. Keep it. I don't need it anymore. Mud goes to the motor at the rear to tinker with more wires. I guess. I did a lot of drinkin' last night. Neck I'm gonna need you here to get the motor runnin'. Ellis I need you to do something else for me. I need you to take this to Juniper. Let's go. I had a dream last night. I saw Juniper laying in a field with another man. They were making love. I walked out into the field. Walked toward `em. I was so angry the tips of my ears were burnin'. That's how I knew I was gonna kill this man. But when I got up close enough, I saw that the man she was with had tattoos on his back, just like mine. I moved in closer and the guy turns his head back toward me. Hair for hair, dead truth, the guy she was with was me. I'll finish the boat, but I'd be surprised if I live long enough to sail on it. A vision of yourself is a sure sign of death. Neck can you grab me a socket wrench? Neckbone and Ellis walk to the toolbox sitting nearby. They crouch by it, speaking quietly. So what'd she say? Get your head outta my car kid. Shit! What the hell are you doin'?! Ellis says nothing. He doesn't move. Senior, continuing to yell, runs and drags a hose up from the houseboat. Ellis dammit! What the hell's wrong with you?! The fire hisses as Senior turns the hose on it. Ellis? Look at me. Ellis finally looks up at his father. A phone RINGS from inside the houseboat. Senior holds the hose in front of him. Take it. Put this damn thing out. Nothin'. What'd she... Ellis punches Mud with as much force as he can muster. It's barely enough to turn Mud's face, but it stuns him. Come on Ellis. Mud holds a hand out to him. Ellis slaps it away. Get the motor started. Neckbone cranks the motor. As they move up river, Mud searches Ellis' body. He looks at his neck, his arms, he pulls up his shirt. Shit. He rips the jeans up to the thigh. Mud tears a section of cloth from the bottom of his own shirt and creates a tourniquet just below Ellis' knee. What time is it? Mud pulls a black Sharpie out of his pocket. Neckbone doesn't answer, just stares. Yell out every 10 minutes! Mud elevates Ellis' leg then gently cups his head. He dabs the gash on Ellis' forehead. We just need to get him to a clinic! Is there still one in town?! It's the closest?! I'm gonna need your bike! No. He holds Ellis as they move steadily up river. He's been snake bit. ANOTHER NURSE rushes off calling for a doctor. The room becomes more frenzied. Patients talking. Nurses shouting. He's snake bit. A cotton mouth. On his calf. Just under an hour. As quickly as Mud gets this out, a GROUP of NURSES rush out of a door at the end of the room pushing a gurney. They take Ellis from Mud's arm, place him on the gurney, and speed him into the back of the clinic. The commotion gone, the reception area feels oddly still. Mud takes a deep breath. He looks to his right. Patients stare at him. He's beyond disheveled. He's crazy looking. Mud turns to his left. The Male Nurse stares at him. For the first time, Mud realizes he's out in the open. Sir? Mud slowly backs up. Sir?! Mud hops into the bank of trees and disappears. Hello...Yes...Yessir we are...Uh huh. King takes a pen from his shirt pocket and scribbles on a pad on the nightstand. Now where'd you say you were?...Okay...He's gone. Okay...But you say he left the boy?...And your name sir? You had us scared son. Senior steps forward and kisses Ellis on the forehead. Staying close to his face. Come on. Let's let him rest. Mary Lee touches Senior's hand on her shoulder. She stands. The sun does shine on a dog's ass some days. I know. I owe you your end of the deal. The deal was for the gun, not the bullets. I got one last favor to ask you. Ellis? Yeah. Mud pulls his body through the window. It's tight but he manages to make it look somewhat graceful. Mud takes a quick survey of the dark room. Ellis begins to get out of bed. No, don't get up. Mud motions him back down and pulls the chair from the desk over to the bed. They speak in hushed voices. Neck brought me. We got the boat in the water. Just now. Smooth sailin' from here on out. Wish you coulda seen it. Didn't feel right leavin' town without sayin' goodbye. No. No. You were right to be mad. You were right about a lot of things. I'm the one that's sorry. I shoulda never gotten ya'll into all this. I just didn't see any other way around it. But I couldn't leave without you knowin' I never lied about being your friend. I never lied about that. I don't traffic in the truth too often. But I did love her. I do love her. I just made mistakes. We both did. This is a hard life to keep up with. You can't blame her for gettin' tired of tryin'. That's not true. Don't judge your life on all of our mistakes. You'll make plenty mistakes of your own, no need takin' on everybody else's. You're a good man Ellis. If you find a girl half as good, you'll be all right. No. I'm not. But maybe from here on out I can be... A SHOTGUN BLAST rips a fist-sized hole in the flimsy interior wall. Mud, as if by reflex, yanks Ellis from the sheets and shoves him under the bed. Stay put! JUST STAY UNDER THERE! The SOUND of shotgun shells being slipped into the chamber. Mud gets to a crouch. Through the holes in the wall, Mud makes out Nelson, the fat bounty hunter, reloading his gun. Let him go. James unhands the boy. Neckbone sprints into the woods. Come on. They move toward the houseboat. You still down there bud? Stay put. Mud pops out of the bedroom into the den. Flush him out this way. Carver walks to the covered carport. It's okay. It's okay. The two sit alone on the edge of the houseboat. The river seems especially quiet now. Hello...You're speaking to him... King listens. His face taut. He's dead? (a long pause) Okay. King hangs up the phone. He sits at the edge of the bed, overwhelmed by the news. Yeah. Ellis begins to get out but stops when Senior speaks. Ellis? You mind your mother okay? This is a big change for her. She needs your support. All right. I love you. Come on son. You need to see this. Mud, groggy, raises up. Tom helps him to his feet, putting an arm over his shoulders. Tom practically carries Mud outside. 