Mrs Travers. Excuse me? The car should be here, may I use-- You--? What? Pamela! Mrs Travers, please, why-- (sugaring his tone) Why would you cancel the car? We've been through this-- You can't. You made an agreement. Do you understand? A verbal agreement. I like to think of it, believe me I know it's not reciprocated. I would never suggest you do something that would cause you anguish but there's no more money Pamela-- Mrs Travers. Simply no more. Sales have dried up, no more royalties. You refuse to write further books so-- Do you understand? I'm frightened that you don't understand what that means. --We've been trying to do this deal for twenty years! He's agreed to both your stipulations. No animation, script approval-- I-- --script approval! He's never granted anything like that before! I don't know what else to-- Where is Polly? Polly? You have only to go there and work for two weeks. Collaborate. That's it. You haven't signed the rights over, yet. You must make it work Mrs Travers-- You need the money. I don't want you to see you-- (broke). I am picking up the telephone Mrs You do. You don't sign the papers. He cannot make the film unless you grant the rights. It's an exploratory trip-- What do you say? Excuse me ma'am, have you seen my daughter? I was quite sure I had left her around here somewhere! Her name is Helen, no, Shirley, erm- - goodness! I've quite forgotten! Could it be Prunella? No! Pamela? No. You're right still doesn't sound quite-- I'm sure I have a special name for her-- Ginty! Why, thank you ma'am! Ginty it is of course! Now, have you seen her? It's me! Gosh! So it is! Well, thank goodness for that! I was positive I was going to be beheaded for losing Her Highness The Royal Princess Ginty Mc Featherfluffy! You can't lose me! Never. I promise. I will never lose you! Hurry now! We mustn't be late! The adventure is about to begin! Can I help you? I'll take it Madam. I can put it up here - The flight's closing in just a few moments Ma'am. I'll have to take it. Who needs a carriage my love? A stroll is a gift! (beat, excited) Everybody ready? Yes. Yep! Come along my team! We mustn't miss the train. See you soon Katie Nanna! Walking bus! Don't forget Andrew! Ready? And off we go! Left, right, left, right! Coming through! Travers? P.L. Travers? Welcome, Mrs P.L. Travers! Welcome to the City of Angels. Let me take those. Sun came out to say hello just to you. Jasmine. You okay back there Mrs P.L. Travers? No problemo! We got a brand new air conditioning system, Missus; cool you right down in no time. Just about make you feel like you're in good old Engerland again! Things they can put in cars these days-- (he shakes his head in (happy as a clam) No problemo. Would you like me to unpack for you ma'am? To take your items from their cases and hang them in the wardrobe ma'am. A palace! Complete with mighty steed. And chickens. We'll build beautiful memories here my angel. (in the distance) --in this house you get to share a bedroom! Don't worry! There's nothing wrong with your television set. This is a pixie bell, the sound is much too high for human ears. Oh there you are Tink! Hey! Get that stuff off of me! You know, a little sprinkling of fairy dust can make you fly! Good morning Mrs! Hm? (oblivious to her tone) Yes ma'am! I'm all yours. Sun came out again! It certainly is! (trying a British accent) Madame. Oh, that's sad. Okey dokey. So does the sun. Yes ma'am. Pamela! Good morning! I do apologize, Mrs Travers. I am Don DaGradi, the script writer. Gradi. Wonderful! I welcome it. Uh. Okay, so this is the rest of your team, Dick and Bob Sherman! Music and lyrics. Boys, this is the one and only Mrs P.L. Travers, creator of our beloved Mary. Who else? Excuse me? Don? direction? Uh-- erm. Ha! We had planned a little tour of the studio for you --Wanted to show the place off. Mrs Trav-- it's a long way to-- Could you let-- A word of advice Mrs Travers, if I may. Wow. Uhm. It's just that he can't stand being called Mr Disney. We are all on a first name basis here. Dolly! Is he--? Well, there ya are at last! Oh my dear gal! You can't imagine how excited I am to finally meet you! Walt, you gotta call me Walt, ya know. `Mister Disney' was my old man. Come here! Come here! Tommie, say hi to the one and only P L Travers! Hi there! It's so nice to-- Have a seat, sit down. Ya know, I can't believe it. P.L. Travers, right here, in my office, after all these years-- almost twenty of `em. (shakes his head) Twenty. Long. Years. Wish ya coulda' seen me then Pam! As lean as a whippet I was! A race horse! But now, here you are. Look at you! I could eat you up! When Diane here was seven years old I-- can I get you a drink? Coffee? Soda? She was seven years old and I was walking past her bedroom and there she was on her bed reading to Sharon, and well, they were just giggling their little socks off! (he picks up the phone, presses a button) Tommie, pot of tea please dear-- You're a doll. (he puts the phone down) She's a doll. Anyways I asked them "Girls, what's so funny?" And Diane said to me, "Mary Poppins daddy!" Well, I had no idea what a Mary Poppins was! And then she gave me your book. And by gosh! My imagination was caught on fire! And I mean ON FIRE! And those embers have burned ever since-- as you know. I got old asking. About my getting old? Yeah I suppose it is. (he looks at the picture) They're both women now. Gosh! Can you believe it? Now Pam, a man can't break a promise to his kids. No matter how long it takes to keep. No matter how long! You might've kept me dangling all this time but now we gotcha! Pam, Pam, the last thing I want is to make you feel-- You see, I promised them. That's a fact. You got kids? I have never, I swear, never broken a promise to either one of my Disney girls. That's what being a daddy is all about right? This movie isn't just going to make my kids happy. It's going to make ALL kids happy! You see my guys are gonna do things with it that are, well, are revolutionary. REVOLUTIONARY,Pam! Mary Poppins will literally fly off the pages of your books! Now imagine! This magical woman who has only lived in your head, you'll be able to meet her, speak to her, hear her sing. I absolutely do! No? Oh yes she does! In your books! Tell ya what. You just listen to what my Sherman boys have come up with and if they don't knock your socks off then I'm the King of England. Bet you would. Greensleeves huh? Greensleeves. Pam, I want you to know that the last thing I would do, the very last thing, is tarnish a story I have cherished. (gazing into her eyes) The pages are worn down to tissue, dog eared and falling out. I have poured over them gripped, tormented. Because I love Mary Poppins, you got to share her with me. A course nothing happens without your say so. Absolutely Nothing. It's all in the rights agreement. As approved by your agent, Dermot. Darmitt. Live action. Hm? Tape you say. I understand. I do. Let's make something wonderful. Woah. Damn. Ginty. Good night father. `night mother. I'll make us a good life. I promise. I'll make you proud again. We have a whole script to get through. It's gonna be a long day Mrs T. --ravers. That is a very expensive piano. Exterior. It means the scene is taking place outside. No, No, Mrs Travers please go ahead. That's just the scene heading! No one's going to see it. Yes. We do hope so! Dick is one of the greats! I can assure you Dick Van Dyke is not. (back to script) Bert, a one-man band plays to a small gathering outside the gates to the park. (she looks to Don) You can do Bert. (through gritted teeth) Thank you. Alright Ladies and gents, comical poem, suitable for the occasion-- --extemporized and thought up before your very eyes! Alright, here we go-- Room here for everyone gather around, Now, how does that sound? We made it up! Ahhh, there's my girl. That's it Albert. Give Ginty a smooch. There's a good boy, give her a little smooch. Poor old Albert; he's your secret uncle you know? But a miserable, horrid witch turned him into a nag. Why did she do that?! Because she hated the sound of his laugh. Poor Uncle Albert! How can we fix him? We have to teach the witch how to be happy again. How? I'm not quite sure darling. Your mother's been calling you for a good hour. I shouldn't go if I were you, she's after little slaves for housework! Ah, I must scrub and bake and sweep Till stars are beginning to blink And the young lie long and dream in Do you want to know what it feels like to fly Ginty? You trust me? Gee up, Albert. Yah! Yah! Leisurely stroll's a gift. Beautiful ain't it? I do. We do find it helps to have a visual. It's fun! No? It's all wrong? Interesting. Um-- yeah? I wonder if Emmeline P would agree with that adjective-- It does seem strange that Mrs Banks allows her children to spend all of their time with the nanny when she has no job to speak of-- Yep. No! Of course not! We just felt that if she had a job it would go some way to explaining-- Sybil? Sure. Gwendolyn? Great. I could go with Winifred. Ahm, yeah, that's him-- In the books he-- Does it mattterrrrrrr?! Bob, Bob, Bob-- He got shot. Why do you do that? For you my dear! (he flicks the blade in the air like a swordsman) Swish! Which kind of kisses do you prefer Gintamina? Swoosh! Scratchy ones or silky ones? Silky ones. A man must shave for to spare his daughter's cheeks! Swish! It's something to say when you don't know what to say! Okay that'll work. I asked for that. Because I asked for it. What?! Walt? He doesn't have the rights-- Nanny? Yeah, do nanny. Wanted a nanny for two adorable children. in?! Love us as a son and daughter to do with anything? You wrote that in your book! She wrote that in her--! Yeah, I think-- (over) You can't say that-- Put toads in your bed-- Ridiculous! Hurry, Nanny! Sincerely, Jane and Michael Banks: Jane and Michael Banks. Alright. Tommie! Scotch Mist. What do you think? What do I think I-- what? You're a woman. That's a canny observation Walt. What am I missing? You think the female of the species has some kind of psychic insight when it comes to others of her kind? We don't. You'll get yourself an ulcer with all that unriddling. Give it up. That woman. Good afternoon Ma'am. What can I fix you? Sure thing. Thank you. Good afternoon Mr Belhatchett. Belhatchett. Bell. Hatchett. Ha! It's a ridiculous moniker! And Mr Belhatchett has complained that I opened his stupid bank five minutes late has he? Hahaaa! (in a comedy voice) Time's Money, Goff, y'know! Time's money my man! Bell Hatchett! Beautiful hatchet. That's what it means. And I suppose if the poor dumb lambs on his downs, are five minutes late with their calving, or they don't drop dead on schedule when he wants a roast, he takes to them with the business end of his beautiful hatchet. There, whack! That'll teach you for not dropping your bairns on schedule. Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack. Whoops! (through the door) Mr Belhatchett! Allow me to-- Ginty! I want you gone. Sweet thing! What are you doing here? You said today was-- Ice cream day! Yes! I did! What kind of father am I? Are you fired again? Ah, yes it does seem that-- No. No sweetheart-- he isn't. Just wait in my office for a second darling. If you can't straighten up for your own sake. Do it for your daughter. (muttering to himself) Irresponsible. Ice cream is so rare because it only comes from Siberian cows. Did you know that?! Brrrrrrrr! We share a Celtic soul, you and I. This world is just an illusion, Ginty old girl. As long as we hold that thought dear, they can't break us. Money, money, money. Don't you buy into it Ginty! It'll bite you on the bot! How did we end up here eh? Look at it. Barren. Breathless. Get as far away from this place as possible my love. Find yourself a patch of green. It's a chimera you know? The world, the bank, you and I, Mr Randolph- whackety-whack-Belhatchett. All an illusion. It's gotta be like a slogan! Her prescription for life. Yeah! Yes! A stitch in time! An apple a day. (from across the room) Time and tide wait for-- Sugar! Sugar? What? That's not-- Jeff had vaccination day at school yesterday. Ouch. No ouch. No ouch? Sugar. They put it in a cube. Medicine in sugar? Cube's an odd word. Spoonful? Yeah, we have sugar. May I walk with you? Go back to the chorus. (singing it incorrectly) Just a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down! Wait! WAIT! She always does what's unexpected. She goes UP the bannisters. So go up. Try B. (singing `down' in an up Yes! Man is in the forest. I want you to hear this. (to the boys) Play him what you got. It's just a chorus-- Tell us what you think. He knows dum dum Will help dum dum dum duuuum! Just a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down-- the medicine go do-own, medicine go down Just a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down In a most de da dee daaa! We'll work out the other lyrics. You see how it goes up on the word down? On the word down it goes up! It's ironic. Forget ironic, it's iconic. I won't be able to stop singing that for weeks! What's your point Pam? No whimsy or sentiment says the woman who sends a flying nanny with a talking umbrella to save the children. Ahoy Goffs! Father! I couldn't stop thinking about my beautiful girls on this beautiful day in this beautiful place and I thought to hell with it! (to Ginty and Biddy) And what do we say about beauty ladies? Buts are for goats my love! Urgh! (whispering to Margaret) I'll put in extra hours tomorrow. What are we playing? The hen got out and we've been trying to catch her! That's no hen! That's Aunt Ellie, your mother's horrendiferous sister! That's a made up word! Not the aunt! Quick! Catch her before she flies away on the-- I'll wash them again my love! Go Sergeant Ginty! Fell the beast! Aunt Ellie! Oh she's a foul fowl! --Meg sweet, I had a throat scratch- God no! No. I can endure. I will endure. For the girl's sake-- Just, please-- not Ellie. Foul fowl. All around the cathedral the saints and apostles look down as she sells her wares Although you can't see it you know they are smiling Each time someone shows that he Though her words are simple and few listen, listen, she's calling to That'll work. She's going to say no isn't she? Woman's a conundrum. A man has dreams of walking with To carve his niche in the edifice Before the mortar of his zeal Has a chance to congeal The cup is dashed from his lips The flame is snuffed aborning He's brought to rack and ruin in My world was calm, well ordered, Inspired by someone we know? You'd have to ask Bob. She might surprise us all. She won't. You don't know that. I do. I know it, I know it only too well. I've fought this battle from her side. Pat Powers, he wanted the mouse and I didn't have a bean back then. He was this big terrifying New York producer and I was just a kid from Missouri with a sketch of Mickey but-- it woulda' killed me to give him up. Honest to god killed me. That mouse, he's family. Go home. Ahh the Countess Mary Sparklestick! Pray tell me, what are you concentrating so hard on? I am laying eggs! Really!? Fabulous! Today I am a hen. Indeed! I can see the feathers sprouting as we speak! I'm not Helen! She can't possibly lay a table; she's busy laying eggs! She's laying! (urgent, his voice I want to be like you. Don't. Don't leave yourself always searching for-- something-- Ya alright Mrs? Mrs Travers? Mrs Travers? We were just saying that we'd like to play you the song in the bank. Would that be good? (as Dawes Snr) So you have tuppence? May I be permitted to see it? (changing voice to Michael (singing more sotto than (clears his throat) Mr Belhatchett. Oh, for Gods' sake, Meg, stop whinnying like an old nag will you? Father-- will you ride the carousel with me!? Meet you there in a blink of an eye! In the hands of the directors who invest as propriety demands. Indeed, a published poet-- Father, come and look. Biddy's dancing. In a moment, my princess. I'm talking. Back in Ireland, I miss her green But she's-- she really wants you to watch, Dad. You'll miss it. Not now Biddy! I'm Ginty. Ginty! Shoo! You said don't give up. Excuse me, Miss. It's gentlemen only in this section of the tent. I think you'll be more comfortable at the far end. Are you alright sweetheart? I'm scared my father is-- Good afternoon, distinguished guests, our biggest supporter Mr Randolph Belhatchett and his lovely wife, ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls! Why is he speaking for the bank? He's the manager. I'm honoured to be here on behalf of the Belhatchett Bank of Australia. Shortly, it will be my very pleasant duty to present the awards to our young performers. But before I begin, I'd like to say a very few words to our very youngest citizens about the role of the - er, the Bank in our community. (as Dawes Snr) Very well, my boy, give me the No I won't I want it to feed the birds! (as Dawes Snr) Banks! Yes sir. Now Micheal... When you deposit tuppence in a bank account, Soon you'll see that it blooms into credit of a generous amount Think of the foreclosures! Bonds! Chattels! Dividends! Shares! Bankruptcies! Debtor sales! Opportunities! All manner of private enterprise! Shipyards! The Mercantile! Collieries! Tanneries! Incorporations! Amalgamations! Banks! (as Dawes Snr) While stand the banks of England. England stands! Uhmm. Thank you kindly. Thanking you. Now-- what, what am I doing next? Oh! It's a marvellous idea to encourage children to open accounts. My daughter, the Princess Ginty-- she's-- uh. (looks at Ginty) How old are you? Come up here. Ginty has a bank account-- and that's good. Give her a drink! I mean give her a hand. I shall return in just a moment to present the awards. But right now I must-- relieve myself. Give us your shoulder, Ginty, will you? I'm busting. There's a good girl. I love it! You think Walt's gonna like it? Who are we talking about? I'm confused. Yes. Of course. Mine like to make folded paper-- I don't suppose there's any more you can give me for the pain? (leaving the room) When will enough be enough Travers? I've brought you something father. Be a darling Ginty my old pal! Help father out won't you? In my washroom-- there's a bottle of medicine that father needs-- Mother took it away. Godammit! I wrote a poem for you. It - it won first prize, at school. Would you like me to read it to you? It's hardly Yeats, is it? Mrs Travers! Mrs? I, uh, brought you a tea. Everything okay Ma'am? Would you like me to drive you home? You got family back there Mrs? I know! I do, do that. Yes! I gotta kid. Jane-- she's got all kinds of troubles. Handicapped you know? Myelitis--  transverse. She's in a wheelchair see? That's why I concern myself with the weather-- sunny day she can sit out in the garden. Rainy day I have to leave her cooped up inside. Worry `bout the future, but then I stop cuz you can't do that. Only today. A river! Lake. Hey! I wish I could take her there! Mother? What? Mother! Mother! Mother! Once upon a time there were three little girls alone in a house. They were frightened of the big wide world just outside the door. They were so afraid. And who do you think those sparkling messengers sent? Who was it that came flying through the starry, starry sky to carry us up to see them? Their old Uncle Albert of course! (beat, to Biddy) Stay right here, be good-- I'm going to find the end of the story so I can bring it back for you! It's time to go home, ma. (coughs into phone) Pam! Callin' to check up on you. Hm? Pam, are you always so battle ready? P.L. Travers in her breast plate and chain mail, sword up in the air and off with your head! Please, I beg of you, please please call me Walt. I heard things didn't go so well today. What's this all about Pam? Really? I'm wondering what I have to do to make you happy. Aren't you wondering that too? (he has an idea) You know, you've never been to Disneyland! It's the happiest place on Earth! (shouting away from the Oh come on! When does anybody get to go to Disneyland with Walt Disney himself?! I'm not a violent man Tommie but if Mrs P.L. Travers were to get hit by a large truck I-- (he doesn't allow himself Okay boys. We gotta fix this. The Aunt. Change of venue this morning apparently. Ugh. I was thinking about our-- tea party? Yesterday, the little park. Oh! Isn't that nice? Holy mackerel! Wowzers. Never met him myself but there he is! Right there. Real. Living, breathing. Oh boy! Welcome to the Magic Kingdom! Yup! Isn't it wonderful? Pretty much! War ain't over yet Pam! You should get hers too. (gesturing to Pamela) This woman's a bona fide genius! In Adventureland there is a tree-- this is a fun fact. A titbit. It has three million leaves, four million flowers. And they said only God could make a tree! Where did she come from? I think you know who. Through the window huh? It's just that easy isn't it Mrs Travers? I know you don't wanna be here so I'm gonna take you to one ride-- my favourite amusement and then I'll set you free. Mrs Travers, I would be honoured if you would ride Jingles. She's Mrs Disney's favourite horse. No greater joy than that seen through the eyes of a child. There's a child in us all. Get on the horse Pamela! When we first met, you said to me `they're family.' Mary Poppins, the Banks's, they're family. The boys have had an idea for your Mister Banks. I think it'll make you happy. No. I brought you all the way out here for monetary gain. Had a wager with the boys that I couldn't get you on a ride. I win! Yah! Good morning Mrs Travers! Now, Mrs Travers you sit here. We thought about what you said Mrs Travers and Mr Banks isn't cruel. He isn't. We've got a new ending for the film. Oh god, I hope you like it. Michael says, "He mended it! It's wonderful!" With tuppence for paper and strings You can have your own set of wings With your feet on the ground You're a bird in flight with your fist holding tight To the string of your kite Oh oh oh oh Let's go fly a kite Up to the highest height Let's go fly a kite and send it And then Mrs Banks goes to fetch her suffragettes ribbon. When you send it flying up there All at once you're lighter than air You can dance on the breeze over houses and trees-- Well? Did we get that on tape? Look at you-- all ship shape. I re-wrote the poem father. The aunt gave me tuppence. Shall I buy you something father? It's always new. So Jolly Holiday's in? Are you serious? No I don't think you can train an They're animated. Dick. Cartoons. Dick. Crap. What? Are we getting real penguins? Walt, I'm so sorry. Don't worry Tommie, please close the door. Never let anybody see me smoking. I'd hate to encourage bad habits. Please, sit down. Mrs Travers, what in the world has upset you so? It's a sequence-- And it isn't! No they're animated. Pam! Pamela! Mrs Travers! Wait! Please Mrs Travers-- You must listen. Pamela? I don't understand why this is so hard for you. Please, make me The promise breakers? Mrs Travers I- Mrs Travers? Woah! Mister Disney! Hi. Hi! I'm such a huge fan. It's such an honour to-- Excuse me. You ready to go Mrs? You must reconsider. You must. The lady's ready to go now sir. He's? It's been a pleasure driving you Mrs. I really have enjoyed it. Didn't know who you were at first and then guess what? I was telling my daughter all about my day and how I was driving this nice writer lady, Mrs Travers for Mr Disney and-- And she makes me go to her bedroom and get this! (he pulls out a Mary Would you?! Jane. Uh huh. Like the girl in the book. Ralph. Pamela. May I ask why? Albert Einstein, Van Gogh, Roosevelt, Frida Kahlo-- What is this? Walt Disney! Thank you Mrs. She's gone? Flight left 10 minutes ago. (expecting to read her Her. That's her real name. Then who's Travers? (smiles to himself) I've been talking to the wrong person. I want to see my father. I want to see him! I dropped the pears. I'm sorry daddy. You promised you would fix everything. It was one heck of a job getting a seat on the very next flight, let me tell you. How about you show me how to make one of those nice English pots of tea? I remember. Oh. Oh well, when in Rome! No, I've come because you misjudge me. You look at me and you see some kind of Hollywood King Midas. You think I've built an empire and that I want to use your Mary Poppins as just another brick in my kingdom. You think I see her with a carpetbag full of greenbacks. If that was all it was would I have pursued an cranky, stubborn dame like you for twenty years? I'd've have saved myself an ulcer! No, you expected me to disappoint you and so you made sure I did. You see, I think life disappoints you, Mrs Travers. I think it's done that a lot. Maybe Mary Poppins is the only person in your life who hasn't. Oh, no, that's not true. She's real as can be to my daughter's and to thousands of other children-- adults too. She's been there as a nighttime comfort to a heck of a lot of people. Mrs Travers, I am so sorry. I hoped this would be a magical experience for you, for all of us. But I let you down-- and in doing so, I've broken a twenty year old promise to my girls. I've been wracking my brains, trying to figure out why this has been so hard for you and I-- You see, I have my own Mr Banks. Mine had a moustache. But it is true that you created yourself in someone else's yes? Ever been to Kansas City, Mrs Travers? Do you know Missouri at all? It's mighty cold there in the winters. Bitter. (it pours out) My dad, Elias Disney, he owned a newspaper delivery route there. Thousand papers. Twice daily. Morning and evening edition. Elias, he was a tough businessman. A save- a-penny anywhere you can type of fella so he wouldn't employ any delivery boys, he just used me and my big brother Roy. I was eight then-- eight years old. Like I said, those winters were harsh and old Elias didn't believe in new shoes until the old ones were worn right through so-- Honestly, Mrs Travers, the snow would be up to here-- You'd push through it like wading through molasses. And the cold and the wet would be seeping through the shoes and the skin would be raw and peeling from our faces-- and sometimes I'd find myself sunk down in the snow, waking up, cuz I must've passed out for a moment-- I dunno. Then school, too cold to figure out an equation. And back into the snow so by the time we got home it'd be just getting dark, and every part of you would sting like crazy as it slowly came back to life in the warmth. My mother would feed us dinner and then it'd be time to go out again for the evening edition. Best be quick Walt, best be quick or poppa's gonna show you the buckle end again boy. Now, I don't tell you all this to make you sad Mrs Travers, I don't. I love my life - it's a miracle. And I loved my daddy, boy I loved him. But, there isn't a day goes by where I don't think of that little boy in the snow and old Elias with his fist and strap and I'm just so tired-- I'm tired of remembering it that way. Aren't you tired Mrs Travers? We all have our tales but don't you want to find a way to finish the story? Let it all go and have a life that isn't dictated by a past? It's not the children she comes to save. It's their father. It's your father--? Travers Goff. You must've loved and admired him a lot to take his name-- Mrs. Travers. It's all about him isn't it? All of this. Everything. Forgiveness. It's what I learned from your books. No, you need to forgive Helen Goff. Life is a harsh sentence to lay down for yourself. Give her to me, Mrs Travers. Trust me with your precious Mary Poppins. I won't disappoint you. I swear that every time a person goes into a movie house - from Leicester to St Louis, they will see George Banks being saved. They will love him and his kids, they will weep for his cares, and wring their hands when he loses his job. And when he flies that kite, oh! They will rejoice, they will sing. In every movie house, all over the world, in the eyes and the hearts of my kids, and other kids and their mothers and fathers for generations to come, George Banks will be honoured. George Banks will be redeemed. George Banks and all he stands for will be saved. Maybe not in life, but in imagination. Because that's what we storytellers do. We restore order with imagination. We instill hope again and again and again. Trust me, Mrs Travers. Let me prove it to you. I give you my word. Walt. Invitation list for the premiere. Is that everyone? Not everyone. We'll premiere in London as well. It'll be more convenient for her. There'll be cameras, press, interviews-- I have to protect the picture. Okay. I am so pleased to hear that Mrs Travers. So why do you keep her? Do you have a title? Wonderful. Should we start talking about the film rights? Okay. Now, tell me, Have you got your tiara for the premiere? Why not? He hasn't invited you, has he? Mary Poppins wouldn't stand for that. Can I help you? Suit yourself-- ma'am. Morning Dolly. What? Mrs Travers! How wonderful to see you. What brings you to-- Great! I'll have a-- uh, replacement sent to your hotel right away. Pam, how could I? Absolutely. Had a feeling a certain friend of mine might be needing me tonight. You look like a million bucks! Let's get you to the ball. (in her ear) This is your night. None of this would be possible without you. You know, begging your pardon, but the one my heart goes out to is your father. There he is in that cold, heartless bank day after day, hemmed in by mounds of cold, heartless money. I don't like to see any living thing caged up. They makes cages in all sizes and shapes, you know. Bank-shaped some of 'em, carpets and all. You won't ever leave us will you? It's all right, Mrs Travers. It's alright. Mr Banks is going to be all right. I promise. --Like something is brewing, about to begin-- Can't put me finger on what lies in But I feel what's to happen, all 