I own you, Ammar. You belong to me. Look at me. This is DANIEL STANTON, the CIA's man in Islamabad - a big American, late 30's, with a long, anarchical beard snaking down to his tattooed neck. He looks like a paramilitary hipster, a punk rocker with a Glock. (explaining the rules) If you don't look at me when I talk to you, I hurt you. If you step off this mat, I hurt you. If you lie to me, I'm gonna hurt you. Now, Look at me. His prisoner, AMMAR, stands on a decaying gym mat, surrounded by four GUARDS whose faces are covered in ski masks. Ammar looks down. Instantly: the guards rush Ammar, punching and kicking. Look at me, Ammar. Notably, one of the GUARDS wearing a ski mask does not take part in the beating. (to the guard) Are we gonna board up these windows or what? Just off the plane from Washington, you're rocking your best suit for your first interrogation, and then you get this guy. It's not always this intense. Just so you know, it's going to take awhile. He has to learn how helpless he is. Let's get a coffee. You know, there's no shame if you wanna watch from the monitor. She shakes her head. Alright. At the door, Daniel hands the ski mask back to Maya. You might want to put this on. Never. Right now, this is about you coming to terms with your situation. It's you and me, bro. I want you to understand that I know you, that I've been studying you for a very long time. I could have had you killed Karachi. But I let you live so you and I could talk. You beat me when my hands are tied. I won't talk to you. Life isn't always fair, my friend. Did you really think that when we got you, I'd be a nice fucking guy? You're a mid-level guy. You're a garbage man in a corporation. Why should I respect you? And you're a money man. A paperboy! Daniel paces around Ammar, anger rising. A disgrace to humanity! You and your uncle murdered three thousand innocent people. I have your name on a five-thousand dollar transfer via Western Union to a 9/11 hijacker. He leans into Ammar's ear. Uncomfortably close. And you got popped with 150 kilograms of high explosives in your house! I'm just fucking with you. Beat. He laughs again. I don't want to talk about 9/11. What I want to focus on is the Saudi group. Daniel shows him a photo. That there is Hazem al-Kashmiri. And I know this dude is up to some serious shit, and what I want from you is his Saudi email. Feel free to jump in. Ammar, bro, I know that you know this dude, just give me his email...and I will give you a blanket. I will give you a blanket and some solid food. No response from Ammar. Daniel starts putting on his gloves. I know that you know him. I told you before, I won't talk to you. Have it your way. (to the masks) Let's go. It all happens in a flash: in one swift motion, Daniel pushes Ammar to the floor, the guards pin his limbs, and Daniel smothers Ammar's face with a towel. Ammar thrashes. Daniel considers his next move. Grab the bucket. Maya follows Daniel's gesture to the corner of the room, where there's an ICE CHEST filled with WATER and a PLASTIC Put some water in it. She dips the pitcher in the water, hands shaking. C'mon, let's go. The stress and strain on her face is enormous as she brings the bucket back to Daniel. Daniel starts pouring the water on Ammar's face, which is now covered by a towel. Ammar thrashes with rising panic. Hazem was a friend of Ramzi Yousef, you guys met in Tunisia back in the 70s. (gasping for breath) I don't know, you asshole. Maya shakes her head "no." Why are you doing this to me? You're a terrorist, that's why I'm doing it to you. Fuck you. Daniel pours water over the towel so it hits Ammar's nose. I want emails of the rest of the Saudi group. Give me emails of the rest of the Saudi group! Give me one email, and I will stop this! Ammar doesn't speak. He can't. Who's in the Saudi group, and what's the target? Where was the last time you saw bin Laden? WHERE WAS THE This is what defeat looks like, bro. Your jihad is over. Daniel stands. Get him up. The guards bring Ammar to his feet. Daniel, shifting his persona yet again, touches Ammar's face and speaks to him with the comforting tenor of a therapist. Try to understand the concept here. I have time, you don't. I have other things to do, you don't. It's cool that you're strong. I respect it, I do. But in the end, everybody breaks, bro. It's biology. Dan and Maya exit. They've learned nothing. How did it go the other night? It was good. The local cops need tactical help. But he's Tier fucking One, baby. There's your money maker. This is the guy that's KSM's nephew? What's his issue? He's being a dick. If he's trying to outsmart you, tell him about your PhD. I am going to have to turn up the heat. He needs to give us the Saudi group now. They reach the lobby, where they can see Maya sitting in the holding area. They walk towards her as Bradley considers what Daniel is asking for. He's gotta have that - given the family ties. Permission granted, Daniel reassures his boss. Tight with his uncle, prints all over the 9/11 money. Daniel knocks on the glass for Maya to come in. (to Bradley, clocking her good looks) Was I lying or what? The guard opens the door and Maya comes through - not many females come through that door. Maya, this is Joseph Bradley, our illustrious station chief. (as they shake hands) Joe and I did Iraq together. And we continue our Christian mission here. Nice to meet you. How was your flight? They walk down the lobby towards the Secure Wing. She's been having a great time ever since she got in, isn't that right? How do you like Pakistan so far? You volunteered for this didn't you? Third floor, northeast corner. She goes through and Daniel and Bradley watch her walk away. Don't you think she's a little young for the hard stuff? Washington says she's a killer. The children's crusade. They want the next generation on the field. Listen, I have a meeting with ISI in twenty minutes. They're slow rolling us in Lahore - you might want to bitch about that. Did you see the cable from London? Dude, I've been in a dark room with another man for the last two days. Some dude tells the Malaysian station that his nephew works with a guy who knows a guy-- Hold on - He goes to a big feast in Bangkok about a year ago. The guest of honor? Usama bin Laden. Laughter in the room. So I say, was Tupac there too? This is worth 5 million bucks. That's me, man. No job too small. That's why I have a gift for you, my friend. Jack hands Jeremy a piece of paper. Daniel and Maya enter, a little late. Everyone, this is Maya. Maya, everyone. Please don't ask how it's going with Ammar because she's not going to fucking tell you. - Best man for it. Like we're just keeping it from them. Jessica sits back down and gets down to business. Any imminent threats in here? And that's a conversation? Jessica shrugs. At this point, she believes that it is merely a conversation - not a fully realized plot. I think he'll give up the Saudis. But Heathrow is gonna be tough. Anyway. Anything from last night? Great. And Lahore reporting ISI down there was painfully slow last night. Again. I'm beginning to think it's not incompetence. I agree, I spoke to the Chief about that. Anything on bin Laden? That's supposed to be his royal guard? No, don't need him, the diamond sighting is bullshit. See if the Paks will send someone to talk to the farmer. Anything else? We need to be putting runs on the board against Faraj. Speak to the case officers who didn't see fit to make it today. And thank them. Let's take it easy today, huh? Daniel hands Ammar a bottle of orange juice and a bag of falafel. Hungry? The food in here sucks so I got you some of this. Ammar grabs the lunch sack and scarfs down the falafels. Richard Reid, wow. I was thinking about him. The guy gets a bomb in his shoe on a plane. Unbelievable. You know him, don't you? Slowly, Ammar nods. Yes. I'm glad you said that. I have an email from you to him. I've had all your coms for years, bro. Who else is in your Saudi group? I just handed out some cash for them. I didn't know who the guys were. When you lie to me, I hurt you. Please. I believe you. I do, I believe you. Beat. Do you want the water again, or do you want something else? Please. Just give me a name. Daniel jumps up. I don't know. Daniel kicks out the chair from under Ammar. The masked guards walk to the rope pulleys. You see how this works? You don't mind if my female colleague sees your junk, do you? Daniel pulls down Ammar's pants. Maya flinches at the bare nakedness. Dude, you shit your pants. You stay here, I'll be back. Daniel goes out, leaving Maya standing alone in front of the naked, chained man. Ammar looks at her imploringly and she struggles to meet his eyes. Your friend is an animal. Please, help me. Please. A long beat. This is a dog collar. Daniel unhooks Ammar, snaps the collar and leash around his neck, as Ammar cries out against the humiliation. Maya flinches. Daniel is relentless: You determine how I treat you. Now Daniel drags Ammar on all fours, pulling him by the leash. I'm going to walk you. Maya watches in horror as Daniel walks Ammar to a far corner of the room, then leans down to address his victim: What the fuck do you think is going on, Ammar? Wahleed has already told me that you know. At last, Daniel reaches an area of the room where there is a large wooden box resting on a platform. This box sucks. I'm going to put you in it. Ammar tries to speak but can't get a word out. When is the attack? Sunday. Sunday? Sunday where? This Sunday or next Sunday? Ammar mumbles, almost inaudibly. Monday. Is it Sunday or Monday? Ammar doesn't answer. The masked men approach. Which day is it? Partial information is treated as a lie. Saturday. Beat. The masked men open the box. Sunday! The guards grab Ammar and carry him to his wooden tomb. He shouts with his last reserve of energy: Monday! Ammar, which day? Monday, Tuesday, Beat. Thursday. Beat. Friday. Daniel slams the box shut. Once again, he's learned nothing. Yeah, now. Who said that? Zied? Fuck him. This is on me. Ammar is on me!! And it's on her!! (pointing to Maya) We can't let this be a win-win for Bluff him? You don't remember, do you? You - me: same same. Bad memory. While GUARDS move in the deep b.g., Daniel and Maya are seated at a picnic table with an appetizing spread of Arabic food. I don't know. How can I remember? Which is the smart thing to do, you're starting to think for yourself. Ammar is lost. But the food is tempting. Eat up! You earned it. Ammar eats. So you flew via Amman to Kabul to hang out with your uncle? Mukhtar. How did you know that? I told you man, I know you. Alright, you got me - flight manifests. It must've been pretty fucked up for you guys after 9/11. What did you do after the invasion and before you went back to Pesh? After 9/11 I had to choose: fight, to protect our turf - or run. You chose to fight. Ammar looks Daniel right in the eyes. I wanted to kill Americans. We tried to get into Tora Bora but the bombing was too high. We couldn't cross. Me and some guys who were hanging around at that time. I can eat with some other dude and hook you back up to the ceiling? Hamza Rabia, Khabab al-Masri, and Abu Ahmed. Maya makes notes on her pad. He was a computer guy with us at the time. After Tora Bora, I went back to Pesh - as you know - and he went North, I think, to Kunar. Abu Ahmed al-Kuwaiti. She got you there, dude. I swear to you both: I don't know his family name. I would have never asked him something like that. It's not how my uncle worked. My uncle told me he worked for bin Laden. I did see him, once, about a year ago, in Karachi. He read us all a letter from the Sheikh. What did it say? Daniel offers Ammar a smoke. Cigarette? Ammar accepts. Daniel's lights it. It said "Continue the jihad. The work will go on for a hundred years." You and I are gonna talk about some of the guys in the training camps, yeah? The prisoner sits in a chair. He's hooded, but relaxed. Ok. Some of these brothers have done some bad things, and what I want to do is I want to separate them from the people like you. Definitely, yeah. There was a guy called Abu Ahmed from Kuwait. Yes, I remember him. A nice guy. How close was he? What was his relationship to the leadership? I don't know. Did he eat with you guys - did he eat with the good guys - or did he eat with the leadership? I don't know, sir. I have no idea about things like that. Yes you do, you don't need an idea Maya hits pause and we see that her desk is filled with open windows of interrogations: she is analyzing ten videos simultaneously, comparing them to each other. When you met with Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, was this one of the facilitators? The Interrogator flashes a picture. The prisoner moans. Yes. Mukhtar? Abu Ahmed, I believe he went to work for The Sheikh. In Karachi, in 2003 or 2004. Abu Ahmed. The interrogator holds The Photograph right in front of the prisoner's face, allowing us to see it as well. Abu Ahmed. Abu Ahmed. Abu Ahmed. Freeze frame. Who knows who works directly for bin Laden? Let's say he's part of the mix. Sure. Four or five. He says he looks like Abu Ahmed. It was mostly with Abu Faraj - they were always together. He carried messages from Faraj to bin Laden and from bin Laden back to Faraj. Maya leans into Hakim - He just told me the names of all of Faraj's children. I think he's telling the truth. Well, that's good. You still- That's not all you don't know. You don't have his true name, and you don't have a clue of where he is. Maybe. Detainees could withhold his location for any number of reasons. Perhaps they don't know; perhaps this Abu is just a cover story and he's really a fucking unicorn. The withholding doesn't reveal what you want it to - does it? And if you did find him, you don't know that he'd be with bin Laden. We don't know what we don't know. What the fuck is that supposed to mean? It's a tautology. (back to Maya) Listen, not one single detainee has said that he's located with the big guy, just that he delivers messages. Am I wrong? No. It's still good work. Let me know when you've got some actionable intelligence, preferably something that leads to a strike. Joseph Bradley sits at his desk. The weight of the world on his shoulders. On the television in the background, the news report continues, showing disaster footage of PEOPLE bloodied, screaming. Thank you. What do you want to know? I have dealt with the mukhabarat, I have no wish to be tortured again. Ask me a question, I can answer it. He works for Zawahiri. He's in charge of military tactics. He works for Faraj and bin Laden. He is his most trusted courier. Maya works hard to hide how pleased she is to have this confirmation. She's not entirely successful. He brought me many messages from the Sheikh. You will never find him. Even I couldn't find him. He always contacted me out of the blue. He is one of the disappeared ones. You know how this works? The man is terrified. What do you like? Bob Marley? Reggae? Egyptian music? Just let me know, if there's music you like, I can make a call. Can I be honest with you? I'm bad news. I'm not your friend. I'm not gonna help you. I'm gonna break you. Beat. I've done it before. (Faraj dozes, weak) Hey, wake up. You haven't eaten in 18 hours, we've got to keep your energy up. You hungry? You're in luck, I got you a one-on- one with Faraj. Don't thank me until you hear what I want for it. He drops a folder on her desk. I want you to take care of all of this before your favorite subject. Don't you want to see what's in the folder? Thank you. You're thinking of Abu Khalid. Al Buluchi. My courier for the Sheikh. Why should you have heard of him? Tall, long white beard, thin. He uses a cane. Who? A month ago, in Karachi, but I don't know where he is now. Sometimes I wouldn't even see him, he would just tell me where to leave the messages. You can't force me to tell you something I don't know. He's either going to withhold or die from the pressure you're putting on him. No. You know, I've been meaning to tell you: I'm getting outta here. I'm fine. I've just seen too many guys naked. It's gotta be over a hundred at this point. I need to go do something normal for awhile. Go to Washington, do the dance, see how that environment works. You should come with me. Be my number two. You're looking a little strung out yourself. Maya looks at Dan. No longer the man he once was. She doesn't hide her disappointment. They killed my monkeys. Something about an escape. Can you fucking believe that? Look, Maya, you gotta be really careful with detainees now. The politics are changing and you don't want to be the last one holding a dog collar when the oversight committee comes. And watch your back when you get back to Pakistan. Everyone knows you there now. Where are you going? But you have a bag - The policeman motions to a DUFFEL BAG resting on the rear seat. Bradley has just finished watching the video. Maya and Jessica are in his office waiting for his verdict. I don't buy it. Didn't you tell me yourself nobody turns on Al Qaeda? Yeah, so the Jords say. He really asked for a dialysis machine? You can fill the damn thing with poison. The TV interview with Obama reaches the subject of enhanced interrogation, and the women pause to listen to the President- elect declare, "America does not torture." Then they continue: We could do it somewhere else - Germany, or the UK? He's got a clean passport. And you're not going to him. What about Camp Chapman? Afghanistan. That could be safe territory. Do you think he might be exaggerating his access? Roger that. I'll introduce you, and you introduce your team. He knows this is a high level meeting. Quick question: all is taking place inside our main building? Waiting and waiting. No cars approach. The sun beats down. Procedures only work if we follow them every time. Look, I'm responsible for everyone's safety, okay? It's not just about you. All stations, go ahead and stand down. Roger. Okay, he's coming. We're gonna search him when he gets here. Everyone prepares. The car gets closer and closer, a driver in front and a passenger in back. (to the other guard) Is he supposed to limp like that? Take your hand out of your pocket! Hey! Allahu Akbar, Allahu Akbar (raising his M4) Get you hand out of your pocket! Allahu Akbar. Jessica's smile fades And Balawi detonates a suicide vest hidden under this jacket and the resulting shrapnel storm pulps the crowd, massacring them all - You okay? No response. I didn't think this day could get any worse, but bad news from Saudi intelligence. The courier guy, Abu Ahmed, is dead. It's a detainee video. Maya still fighting to contain her grief, takes the file as an almost welcome distraction. She puts the disc into her computer and hits play. CU COMPUTER SCREEN: A PRISONER being interviewed by a CIA CASE OFFICER holds the photo of Abu Ahmed we've seen so many times. He's dead, in Afghanistan, 2001. I buried him with my own hands. Kabul. Maya stares at the screen. Sorry, Maya, I always liked this lead. Jeremy leaves Maya at her computer. She continues to stare at the screen. Hey. Sorry, I just got here. What are you gonna do? I want to make something absolutely clear. If you thought there was some secret cell somewhere working Al Qaeda, I want you to know that you're wrong. This is it. There's no working group coming to the rescue. He stares at his staff. There's nobody else, hidden away on some other floor. There is just us. And we are failing. We're spending billions of dollars. People are dying. We're still no closer to defeating our enemy. They attacked us on land in 98, by sea in 2000, and from the air in 2001. They murdered three thousand of our citizens in cold blood, and they've slaughtered our forward deployed. And what the fuck have we done about it? What have we done? We have twenty leadership names and we've only eliminated four of them. Beat. I want targets! Do your fucking jobs, bring me people to kill! Fuck. Really? Ok, but he's dead. So doesn't that make him a little less interesting to you? Okay, what are you basing this on? As-Salamu alaykum. Alaykum salam. I need a couple hundred thousand. Four max. Where you gonna get that? From you. You think so? This could crack open the facilitator Maya's been looking for by giving us a phone number. She's your killer, Wolf. You put her on the field. (reciting a phrase from the KORAN, in Arabic, then loosely Allah rewards those who strive and fight over those that sit behind a desk. WOLF nods. If the blatant attempt to play on his Muslim belief bothers him, he doesn't show it at all. As you know, Abu Ghraib and Gitmo fucked us. The detainee program is now fly paper. We got senators jumping out of our asses, and the Director is very concerned. They will not stop until they have a body. There it is. The quid pro quo. There's a reason he's called The Wolf. Daniel considers all that he'll go through if he volunteers to be the fall guy for the controversial program. I ran it. I'll defend it. It's good to be back in Kuwait. It's good to see you again, it's been awhile. The businessman doesn't answer. I need a favor. Why should I help you? Because we're friends. You say we are friends. How come you only call me when you need help? But when I need something - you are too busy to pick up the phone. I don't think we are friends. Fair enough. How about a V10 Lamborghini? How's that for friendship? The poor fucker had to get out of bed. (to the Salesman) As-salamu alaykum. Thanks my friend. Is this a Balboni? Fuck me. This is nice. What are you thinking? I think I'll choose this one. The salesman retreats to a back office. That's a nice choice, my friend. Daniel gives the Kuwaiti a slip of paper. Who is it? Who do you think? The guy's a terrorist. His mother lives here. I just need her phone number. There will be no repercussions in Kuwait? Somebody might die at some point in Pakistan. They shake hands. You're not gonna like this, he's on the phone, but there's no team to deploy right now. For one thing, it's dangerous. For another, the area is too congested for us to be effective without some predictive intelligence. Still, it wouldn't work. The guy never stays on the phone long enough. Look, I don't have the personnel. As it is, my guys don't get any sleep tracking the threats within Pakistan. Larry pushes past her to leave, and she follows him. This guy you're obsessed with, what's his name again? Wasn't it, like, eight brothers - and a million cousins - that we know about - anyone could be calling home - - It's not like he's saying, "Hey mom, it's me, the terrorist." Maybe he just doesn't like his mom? Look, if he talks about an operation, or refers to anything remotely fishy, I'll get on him. Okay? We don't have a surveillance operation on the caller. (turning to Maya) Someone just tried to blow up Times Square and you're talking to me about some facilitator who some detainee seven years ago said might have been working with Al Qaeda? Maya is practically shaking with zealous rage at her inability to bend Bradley to her will. I don't fucking care about bin Laden. I care about the next attack. You're going to start working on American Al Qaeda cells. Protect the homeland. This guy never met bin Laden. This guy is a free lancer working off the fucking internet. No one has even talked to bin Laden in four years: he's out of the game, he may well even be dead but you know what you're doing? You're chasing a ghost while the whole fucking network grows all around you! For a moment she is silenced by Bradley's reprimand but then Maya's obsession speaks for her - and like a woman possessed she recklessly goes at him: You're fucking out of your mind. Fuck the mom, we got the man himself. Jack puts a cell phone down on the counter. Yesterday your caller bought himself a cell phone. And every time his phone rings - This phone will ring. Did I hook you up? Maya throws her arms around him. We got a shooter! Larry tries reversing but a compact car wheels in right behind them, and Larry slams on the brakes. The TECH raises an M4. We're blocked. Let me talk to them. They said white faces don't belong here. If they don't move, shoot them. A tense beat while the men stare, then finally leave. He's east of us. Try the market. Lahore street, which is also in Pesh, thirty minutes. Wazir Bag Road, five. Nishterabad, five. Phandu Road, five minutes, the Grand Trunk Road, forty five seconds. There's no pattern. Sometimes he calls every two weeks - sometimes every three - there's no consistency - I can't predict when he's gonna make another call because the guy's erratic. It might be. Maybe it just looks erratic to us. I just can't tell. Maya and Bradley and several other STAFFERS watch the protest through a window - Still on tower three! Five. Signal getting stronger. Ten! Larry continues driving straight down the main road. Fifteen. Ten. Signal's getting weaker. We lost him - no signal. Heading South. The van passes horse-drawn carts, men on cell phones, fruit stands. The Tech studies his screen. He's up at five again. Fifteen. Twenty. Weaker now, he's shifted. We're back to five. I don't get it. He's driving in circles. Larry now drives very fast back to the main road. No change? No. And now Larry stops in the middle of the market. Let's hope he comes back around. Beat. Twenty. Thirty. Forty! Fifty - we're within ten meters of him. Larry scans the street - sees a half dozen guys on cell phones. He's really close. Look at the cars. He's in a vehicle. Larry spots something: The guy with the phone in the white Is that him? Could be. You got him? I got him. I'm breaking off - The grey minivan pulls away. The guy you've been looking for, geo- located on his cell phone in his white car. If you're right, the whole world's gonna want in on this, so you gotta stick to your guns now. I'm amazed that you're still here. (looks at his watch, When can we grab lunch? He sees that Maya, who hovers annoyingly over his desk, isn't gonna wait. Maya, I know - No, I've just learned from my predecessor that life is better when I don't disagree with you. Good morning. Doesn't matter. You're on a list. Next time there might not be bulletproof glass to save you. And you, of all people, should know that once you are on their list, you never get off. We'll keep up on the surveillance, as best we can. Basically we had a guy who rolled with Al Qaeda and did services for them. We lost him for seven years and now we found him again -- and boy does he have a really nice house. Is that it? Okay, let's go talk to the boss. You should sit back there...sorry. Steve points her to the back of the room. They're gonna ask: if bin Laden is at the end of this rainbow - is the Pak military with him? If you take a right out of Islamabad and drive about forty-five minutes North, you'll find yourself here in Abbottabad. A middle class community - some ex-military - not particularly interesting to us. Except we did find this compound, which is unique. We got a sixteen foot wall around the entire perimeter, the windows are blacked out. It's a fortress. It will probably be discovered. The PMA - The Pakistan Military Academy. It's their West Point. About a mile. A WOMAN'S voice from the back of the room. "Motherfucker?" Really? Swing by, I want to show you something. This is from a few minutes ago. We've got two males, two females, and seven kids. Maya points to one of the shapes in the courtyard. I'm saying that's Bushra. The brother's wife. (points on screen, to a thin line) This is a clothes-line here, for laundry. Men don't mess with the wash. We watch that shape move away from the clothes-line and back to the house. It takes her about four seconds to move from there to the front door. So she's on the older side. Those are kids. They're shuffling around, sword-fighting or something with sticks. You can see their height relative to this - these are cows - so they're probably between seven and nine. Boys. Another FIGURE comes out of the house and moves to the clothes- line and grabs some laundry. That's what I wanted to show you. Can we pause this please? That's not the same lady. That's female #3. That's correct. Maya suddenly gets it. Yes we are. George is on one side of a conference table, on the other side is the DEPUTY NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISOR, THE SPECIAL ASSISTANT TO THE DEPUTY NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISOR, and the If there are three females, there ought to be three males. Observant Muslim women either live with parents or with their husbands. We think there's a third family living in the house. Hope? Hope is not a targeting layer. You give up your hope right now. We scanned for heat signatures, but we can't validate if it's a man or a woman up there. We found a safe house, but we can't get a vantage point to fire a telescope over the balcony wall. We talked about burrowing a pin hole camera but there's a high risk of discovery. We have explored the possibility of digging tunnels, of sending hot air balloons, of re-routing supply C- 130's to take a peek, but that might be too alerting. We've looked for ways of collecting available DNA from his trash - you know, looking for his toothbrush, but they burn the trash. We started a vaccination program, we sent a doctor to the house, to see if he could pull blood. A lady in a black burkha rushes out and angrily shoos the doctor away. That didn't work out. We thought about sending a guy with a bucket to pull a sample from the sewer to analyze his fecal matter. What was wrong with that? The sample would be too diluted. They don't make telephone calls from the compound. We pulled the cell tower nearby. The unidentified third male does not get groceries. He does not leave the compound. He does not present himself for photographs. When he needs fresh air, he paces around beneath a grape arbor, but the leaves are so thick they obscure our satellite views. This is a professional attempt to avoid detection - real tradecraft. The only people we've seen behave this way are other top level Al Qaeda operatives. The National Security Advisor nods to his Special Assistant who slides a big folder across his desk to George. A fifteen percent chance that he's a Kuwaiti arms smuggler, a ten percent chance that he's one of the relatives of the brothers. If you can't prove it's bin Laden, at least prove it's not somebody else, like a drug dealer. Beat. The meeting is adjourned. As they walk out -- You know we lost our ability to prove that when we lost the detainee program. Who the hell am I supposed to ask? Some guy in Gitmo who is all lawyered up? He'll just tell his lawyer to warn bin Laden. He'd be the first successful drug dealer never to have dealt drugs. He has no internet access to the house. He makes no phone calls either in or out. Who's he selling to, who's he buying from, how's he making his money? And if you're going to say he's retired, I'd say where's his swimming pool, where's the gold cage with the falcons? And why does he send his courier to the two cities in Pakistan we most associate with Al Qaeda, that have nothing particularly to do with heroin production? The National Security Advisor taps his pencil impatiently. I have to admit, I just don't get the rhythms of politics. You know, you're right, I agree with everything you just said. What I meant was, a man in your position, how do you evaluate the risk of not doing something, the risk of potentially letting bin Laden slip through your fingers? George shakes his head with an "aww shucks" kind of shake. That is a fascinating question. George walks away. After a beat, the National Security advisor calls after him. I actually tried to kill this program a couple of times. They've gone through an initial round of testing, and they have excellent radar defeat - we just haven't tested them with people in them yet. The General continues his briefing.. You'll notice these stealth panels similar to what we use on the B2 - (pointing to the rotors) - The rotors have been muffled with decibel killers - it's slower than a Blackhawk and lacks the offense. But it can hide. Excuse me. Can I ask a question? What do we need this for in Libya? Gaddafi's anti-air is virtually non- existent. Maya looks over, not sure what to say. Gentlemen, can I have your attention? My name is George. I run the Af-Pak division at CTC, and I'm primary on this for the agency. This is a title fifty operation. Some of us have worked together before. This is a good one. Maya, do you want to brief them? Maya looks at the SEALs. Folds her arms. This isn't going to be easy. Excuse me. You got an intel source on the ground? No? Okay, so how do you know it's bin Laden? We've been on this op before, you know. That's really the intel? That's it? Bullets are cheap. They are nervous downtown. I don't think we'll get approval this decision cycle. They look up and notice that Maya is standing outside George's office staring at them through the glass. She angrily wipes the number 128 off the window and changes it to 129. Wolf nods. It's her against the world. Oh yeah. We have to keep working it. Maya, you didn't prove it. We all come at this through the filter of our own past experiences. I remember Iraq WMD very clearly, I fronted that and I can tell you the case for that was much stronger than this case. We don't deal in certainty, we deal in probability. I'd say there's a sixty percent probability he's there. The CIA Director points to Wolf. I concur. Sixty percent. I'm at eighty percent. Their OPSEC is what convinces me. Well, I agree with sixty, we're basing this mostly on detainee reporting and I spent a bunch of time in those rooms - who knows? Maya shoots Daniel a look. What a traitor. I'd say it's a soft sixty, sir. I'm virtually certain there's some high value target there, I'm just not sure it's bin Laden. The CIA Director leans back in his chair. I'd like to know what Maya thinks. We're all incorporating her assessment into ours. Maya can't take it anymore: I think she's fucking smart. As the door closes. So, Patrick, be honest with me. You really believe this story? No offense. I do. What part convinced you? Patrick motions to Maya. Her confidence. Maya smiles, laughs. Really? Okay. That's the kind of concrete data point I'm looking for. He shakes his head. If her confidence is the one thing that's keeping me from getting ass- raped in a Pakistani prison...I don't know. I'm gonna be honest with you though, I guess I'm cool with it. Maya, I wanted you to hear it first. You know that thing we talked about? It's going to happen. Tonight. Good luck. She hangs up, turns back to the SEALs, who are still playing horseshoes with the grace of young guys in their prime. Their lives are in her hands. Of course. I'll go with you where ever you want. A few hundred feet in front of them they can see SEALs preparing their gear. Please don't drop it while we're in the house. Me too. Don't drop anything while I'm inside. Off her anxious smile -- Thirty seconds to first turn. Hey Justin, what are you listening to? Tony Robbins. Tony Robbins? You should listen to it. I got plans for after this. I want to talk to you guys about it. It's not selling. You become a representative. Everyone chuckles. Hard left. Who here's been in a helo crash before? Everyone raises their hands. Okay, so we're all good. Now entering Pakistan. Maya is here, too, working. She's always working. - Looming straight ahead on a collision course is a GIANT MOUNTAIN. They zoom closer. We can see individual rocks now - Big left! Ten minutes. Three mikes to target. Standby for doors open. Inside the dim interior, illuminated by only blinking instrumentation, the men are tense, quiet. We pass slowly from face to face, noting each SEAL's contemplation of the mission that lies ahead. Some of them are anonymous soldiers. Many we've come to know: Justin, joyfully bobbing his head, grooving to his iPod... Saber's eyes fixed on a thousand-yard stare... Hakim struggles to get comfortable and control his anxiety, wipes away sweat... Patrick checks his gear for the hundredth time. Two minutes. Should be coming up just off our nose, 3 o'clock. Everyone grabs onto their gear, getting ready to fast rope. Thirty seconds. Patrick leans out for a visual as the wind rips his face - (shouting to pilot) Hey! Slide right. - Then lurches down, falling to within 15 feet of the swirling ground, rotors churning the dust, creating near BROWNOUT conditions, a dust hurricane Power! This mission is still a go. Off Maya's relief - Ir-fah ee-dek! You killed him. That's not a door. Failed breach. They hustle to the next entry way and prepare another breach This is Echo 11, we're going to breach the main gate. Negative. I'm internal, I'll let you in. The Commanding Officer opens the gate and the other SEALs walk inside. As a group, they move towards the main house, arriving at the South side front door. The door is open and they enter - Abrar! The figure, Abu Ahmed's brother, ABRAR, re-appears at the end of the hallway. He pokes his head out - Shut those fucking kids up. O.S. the kids quiet down. Talk to me. Wait, Echo 11 - we're internal on the south side - this is a negative breach. Roger. We're ready to make our entry out here. Roger that, we're coming to meet you. (to the Breacher) Stay with these kids. Don't let them in the back room. You good? Yeah. I forgot...were we supposed to crash that helo? Patrick allows himself a smile. Ibrahim tried to shoot me through the door. I popped him from the outside. I fucking smoked Abrar and his wife. Still alive? She's gonna bleed out. What a fuckin' mess - The door blows - and they keep moving - Breacher up. A charge is prepared. Justin, who is now inside one of the side rooms, sees Jared standing close to the door. Hey man, move! Jared moves just as - Thanks. Yeah. Khaled! Saber waits with his carbine raised. Anxiety crosses his face. He's vulnerable here, an easy target if Khaled were to come out blasting. (raising his weapon) This is Echo 05, I've got unknowns gathering on the Southwest Rooftops. Hakim, move those guys back. (speaking in Pashto) Go back brothers, this is official government business, and there is nothing to see here!! I'm going to start wasting them. Please! They will kill you! The onlookers pause. SEAL aiming lasers dance across their chests. They will kill you! They turn and go. Osama! Osama!? Beat. Beat. Sweat on Saber's face Osama!? A man appears at the end of the third floor hallway. -- Ssssht ! a bullet strikes him in the head - knocking him back into a bedroom - Saber fires again, missing - And proceeds down the hallway, going full speed now, Patrick right behind him, sprinting into the bedroom Possible jackpot. The women Saber is restraining are wailing, struggling to get to their husband, as a ten year-old boy rushes up to the body. Dude, do you realize what you just did? Who is he? She says it's not him. Talk to a kid. Jared kneels down next to a nine year-old girl huddled in the corner and snaps open a chem light. He gives her the glowing green wand. Daughter, what is his name? The girl makes no reply. All Stations: target secure, target secure. Roger. Copy. Target Secure. (to his team) Do not leave a hard drive. The SEALs gather everything they can. What's up? I shot the third floor guy. Good for you. You want to help? QRF inbound. Echo 05, this is Red 02, how long do you need for SSE? At least ten minutes. You have four. This is a gold mine, I need more time than that. If you're not at the LZ in four, I'm going to leave your ass behind. Four minutes! Where do you need the bag? Sir, the agency expert gave a visual confirmation. Yes, Sir, the girl. Hundred percent. Maya gazes at the bloodied face, then turns away and zips the bag...and leaves the tent. Her eyes afire. Are you Maya? That's the only name they gave me. You can sit wherever you want, you're the only one on the manifest. You must be pretty important, you got the whole plane to yourself! Beat. Where do you want to go? She's speechless. Overwhelmed. Finally, she lets go. Those luminous eyes become pools of relief and pain. 