We're ready for you now. (a plastic Kroger shopping Mary jumps up, grabs her purse bag). Here's a treat, students. Our final guest for Career Day, Miss Mary Horowitz, is the crossword constructor for the Atlanta Citizen. You know the crossword puzzles you see every week in the newspaper? It's her job to create them. Isn't that fun? Mary stares at the Teacher, whispers. Pardon me? Oh, I'm so sorry. Maybe you could tell them a bit about what your job is like? Mary drops thu p file out her the bottom She p lls bag, reads with re Daniel, you have a question? You make a living doing that? Just making puzzles? The Atlanta Citizen only comes out on Fridays. One puzzle a week can't make you enough to live on. A LARGE KID in the front row pipes up. You live with your parents? The Kids all laugh their asses off. Mary just stares at them. Children! The Teacher shoots the Kids a warning look, then notices Mary hyperventilating. Are you okay? Mary grasps for breath, struggles to speak. Water. Just hang on. The Teacher rushes out. The kids all stare at Mary. Where the hell is he? Probably doing his nails. 40ish reporter HARTMAN HUGHES rushes to the van on his face. napkin tucked in his shirt collar, bread crumbs What do you mean "the big one"? Terrorists, natural disaster, what? Pandemic. Hartman's eyes light up. Half of the Midwest and spreading. Nobody's safe. Steve tries on a gas mask. Please let it be the bird flu. Bird flu is for pussies. This thing's unstoppable. How's it spreading? Angus looks at Steve. Squirrels. Hartman can barely contain his excitement. Oh my God, they're everywhere! Exactly. Al Qaeda connection? Always a possibility. Who wishes he was in Iraq now? Not me!. Hartman grabs a gas mask and rushes to the van's side mirror. I need blush. No, wait. I'll go pasty. It'll look like I could be the first media victim. "Hartman Hughes, no such thing as too close to the story". Hartman looks back at Steve and Angus. They're just standing there, unable to keep a straight face. Hartman deflates. Assholes! I knew it was too good to be true. He throws his gas mask down, storms off. Hartman, come on. Hartman gets in the elevator, hollers out to them. I had a perfectly good bologna sandwich going on upstairs. Wasted! Angus and Steve watch the elevator door close, shrug it off. Next E-coli story breaks, he'll be fine. Mary, hi. I'm Steve. She puts up a finger - "just a second". She turns around and runs back upstairs. Steve looks at Mrs. Horowitz, confused. Great. Thanks. She just stares at him and smiles. Ready? Mary nods a bunch of times. Mrs. Horowitz. Goodnight. (calling into living room) Sir. Sorry about this blind date thing. My mother - Okay. She gets in the car, fastens her seatbelt. Steve hesitates then heads to the driver's side, gets in. Sorry? Whoa! Undeterred by the whiplash, Mary undoes her seatbelt and tries again, this time making contact with Steve's lips. He's more than a little startled but kisses her back anyway, all the while straining to see the Horowitz house. Mary... uh, what about your mother? She straddles him and keeps kissing. No, we're right in front of your house and... She undoes her sweater. And I have no problem with that whatsoever. She kisses his neck. He looks up with a "thank you, God". Mary. Sure. She just about jumps out of her pants with excitement. What's not to love. Sorry. I have to get this. Vibrate. You didn't? (into phone) This is Steve... What? Really? Now? If I don't have a choice... Work. I have to go to... Boston. This happens all the time. You know how it is. Wherever news happens... Mary gets off of him, slides back into her seat, buttons her sweater. Sure. I'll call you. He leans over, opens her door. No kidding. You certainly are - He searches for any word that will do. Mary jumps in. You read my mind. Never happier, she jumps out of the car. As he drives away, she pulls the paper bag out of her pocket, breathes into it. Let's split the gardening feature into two weeks. Keep them in suspense. He steps back, looks at the whole layout. Looks good. How are we doing here? Five minutes to spare. Look at that. The Assistant points to a blank corner of page 26. Soloman's surprised, and not particularly impressed. Horowitz. A long haired GUY gets up from his seat, puts his coat on. male EXECUTIVE sits down and spots the newspaper opened to the crossword puzzle. Don't even bother, man. I don't know what the deal is, but it looks Steve? Mary sits and smiles. Every single answer is "Steve"? Who the hell is Steve anyway? No wait, I don't care, but I do care that you pissed off our readers. Mary's smile falls a bit. I thought you knew better than to pull something like this. It's He's too frustrated, the words aren't coming No. Mary. We're letting you go. Don't you mean "Steverance"? They both laugh. waiting for her. She sits down beside him. He holds up Atlanta Citizen crossword. We're going to hit rush. We'll have to take the second flight. Exec. Producer DAN CORBITT walks in, heads straight for his desk. Take a look at those... plants. Corbitt pauses it on the worst shot, looks at Steve. Of course not. Nice camera work, Stevie. Steve glares at Hartman. Corbitt points at the frozen shot on the TV screen, looks at Steve. What?... Mom, let me call you back. What page? He finds Mary's crossword. He looks at it closely, totally confused. It takes him more than a second to get it. He laughs -- then suddenly reality sets in. Jesus. Dallas. Let's go already! She steps up one more step, yells out to her parents and the Paula, what started out as a routine rehearsal here at the Dallas Medieval Times turned deadly when an employee allegedly turned on his fellow performers. Twenty- four hours later, at least thirty employees are still being held hostage by the assailant, their lives hanging in the balance. He listens to his earpiece, nods. The castle you see behind me is one of eight medieval Times dinner theatre restaurants. Guests who cross the drawbridge enjoy a medieval style feast while watching the main attraction: knights engaging in a battle of strength and skill. The restaurant promises "fun, feasting and fighting" but it appears that this time, fun was in short supply. A few feet away, Angus frantically takes notes as he talks to a MAINTENANCE WORKER, then slips a piece of paper to Hartman. Paula, devastating news just in. We have one confirmed death - an Andalusian - a purebred Spanish horse. One of many that perform in the show, and the first innocent victim of a rogue knight's rage... He takes a moment to fake compose himself, barely getting the words out. At times like this, I like to think there's a heaven just for horses. A rolling meadow, lush grasses, unlimited supply of... those things horses like to lick - or is that cows? Nevertheless, a beautiful, peaceful place. He turns and looks toward to the Medieval Times. May you long roam in that heaven, noble horse - Angus hands him another note. Hartman scans it, instantly kills the fake anguish. But not quite yet. We're the first to report, the horse is not dead, Paula. Not dead. The horse is alive and well after having merely fainted, as it was trained to do for the show. One happy, blessed miracle... Dammit, Angus. Get it a bit closer to right before you hand it to me. Josh moves in, removes Hartman's mic. But then we wouldn't have heard about horse heaven. Josh and Angus laugh. It's that kind of genius that won me the Southeast Idaho Christian Family Coalition's Journalist of the Year award, you ingrates. We'll just take five minutes here. He steps off the bus. Mary turns to the man next to her. (on TV) Perhaps the greatest obstacle the hostage negotiators face is the suspect's refusal to communicate using modern day technology. In keeping with his role as a medieval knight, he's insisting on an eleventh century messenger to deliver all communication. The screen splits with a female news ANCHOR. What are we talking about here, Hartman? Carrier pigeons? Actually, homing pigeons. The Diners look at Mary. Have the negotiators located any homing pigeons? Where do you even get them in this day and age? You can buy them on the internet for twenty-five bucks a pop. Mary looks at the Diners, smiles, points to the TV. Rebecca wants you to come for dinner when we're back home. Her cousin from Florida - Forget it. What? It's a set up. She's hot. I don't care. Never again. My mom set me up with this chick - You let you mother set you up? What the hell is wrong with you? There's a commotion in the distance. Every photographer on the grounds focuses on the castle. Reporters jump into position. Hartman touches up his make-up, roots through his bag. He yells out to Steve, Angus and Josh. Which one of you bastards hid my bronzing shimmer? The police surrounding the castle take aim. Dead silence as the Medieval Times drawbridge lowers. A KNIGHT walks out, arms raised as high as his squeaking armor will allow, which is not very high, but high enough to get the point across -- Surrender. Quiet time might be good right about now. What? My pleasure. "God wouldn't have given my child the third leg if he didn't want her to keep it." But for now, the fate of that precious child's third leg is the hands of a judge... This is Hartman Hughes reporting, live from Oklahoma City. Steve signals they've cut, lowers his camera. Hartman calls out to Angus. What if next time I say Baby Peggy is like the wishbone of her parents' dispute? Hartman acts out a wishbone pull. Steve's disgusted. Yeah, go ahead and suggest that. Corbitt will love it. Steve turns and looks toward the edge of the fenced off hospital grounds. Dozens of PROTESTORS are camped out - a sorry assortment of oddballs standing at the fence, waving their signs: "SPARE THE LEG", and "HONOR THE FATHER". Many of them carry drawings of a three legged baby wearing a halo. Steve braces himself and heads for the crowd. Half way across, he spots a loner walking from the parking lot. He's 35, chubby, his shirt buttoned one button off so it hangs lower on the left. This is HOWARD. In one hand: a pro-leg sign. In his other hand: a carton of chocolate milk. Howard stops to lick up the chocolate milk spilling all over his arm. Steve catches up with him. Mind if I ask you a few questions on camera? Me? How do you feel about what's going on here? I haven't made up my mind yet. Both parties have valid arguments. Please God, no. He looks for a place to hide but she's running ridiculously fast. It's too late. She's only a few feet away. Surprised? What are you doing? Tell me you didn't come all the way here just to see me. No, we're not. I don't know what that means but trust me. We're so not. Great. Listen, Mary, you seem like a nice girl, and the ten minutes we spent together were -- Sure, but I'm working here. Working. She's on me what, thirty seconds after meeting me, and the chick will not shut up the whole time. I had to fake a work call, gave her the - (imitating Steve) Wherever news goes... I think I'm in the clear, then she does this crossword - she works for the Citizen - she does this crossword all about me, and as if that's not crazy enough, she shows up here. Here? Over by the fence. Red boots. Can't miss her. Is she hot? Jesus, Angus. When a psychotic chick's swinging a machete at your throat, who cares if she's hot? I've been married to the same woman for seventeen years. I care. Crazy, man. The chick is cra-zy. Hartman sits up, totally awake and never happier. He points at Steve. Priceless! This is priceless! Steve cringes. Hughes, don't. Don't even. M'lady. She's a bit stunned and star struck. He offers his hand. Hartman Hughes. Mary lets go of her tongue, uses her saliva covered hand to shake his. Mary'. Mary, Mary, Mary. He takes his hand back, discretely wipes it on his pants. Steve told me you were beautiful. He was going on and on and on and on about it. I had to come see for myself. Great boots. Listen, Mary, I've been working with Steve for about a year now. The guy is like a brother to me. A YOUNG PROTESTOR recognizes Hartman. Girls follow us around everywhere we go. Who do you think they're after? Hartman reflects on it, smiles. Me, of course me, but every once in a while some of them try to land Steve. It's true. Sure he'll go for a few skanks here and there but it's all just a sad attempt to hide his fear. All he wants is to love but he's afraid of opening up, afraid of putting himself out there, afraid of somebody like you, Mary - yes you - afraid of you breaking his heart. Can you blame him? She's a bit stunned and confused by all of this. No! Promise me this. Promise you'll stick around long enough to help him get over that fear. He tells you to go away, don't. He says he thinks you're crazy? You're not. He's crazy, Mary. Crazy not to let down his walls and tell you how he really feels. Can I count on you to hang in there no matter what? Good girl. The SECURITY GUARD walks past, gestures that they should be behind the fence. Hartman holds up his press pass to get rid of the Guard, then lets go of Mary. He points her toward the protestors, starts backing away. I'll tell Steve to come find you when we wrap for the day. What side are you on? You might want to jump camps. No way they're going let that baby keep the third leg and live like a freak. Trust me. He waves and turns around, starts heading for the press camp. Mary calls out to him. What's going on? Josh rushes to get the mic on Hartman. The parents of the kid got back together. Surgery's cancelled. No amputation? Tell me you weren't talking to Mary. Who? Go to hell, Hughes. scans it Angus hands Hartman the press release. Hartman quickly. It's over? The kid keeps the leg. For now. Hartman checks his teeth in a hand mirror. 'Til she gets it caught in a car door. And like the noble tree frog whose extra leg is nothing if not natural, so Baby Peggy begins the rest of her three legged life... This is Hartman Hughes reporting live from Oklahoma City. Hartman pulls out his ear piece. Angus, Josh and Steve all look at him, a bit surprised. Tree frog? Where do you get this shit? Hartman taps the side of his head -- it's all up here. A little thing called astutitude, my friends. Steve and Angus look at each other -- is that even a word? Angus, hold up. No, go. Fast. Hartman rolls down his window. Don't. Hartman sticks his head out the window. Hughes, I swear I'll kill you. Hartman waves to Mary to catch up. Angus sees her in the mirror as he drives. Is that her? She's hot. Angus, come on man, get me out of here. She's really hot. Who cares? Jesus, you guys - Angus hits the brakes. Steve hides behind the seat just as Mary catches up with the van. Hi beautiful. Mary tries to get a look at Steve but can only see part of his back hunched over behind the seat. I don't think we've met. Angus. Mary shakes Angus' hand. He can't take his eyes off her. Steve's not feeling well. I'm sure he'll be fine by the time we get to New Mexico. Your eyes are striking. Steve punches him through the seat. Mary's oblivious. Steve really wants you to follow us. It would mean a lot to him. He was going to go ask you himself but look at the poor bastard. So sick he can't even sit up straight. Exactly what I told him, but the only person he wants touching his infected flesh is you. Mary looks at Steve, worried. Hey now, we need you to be strong for him. Leachinan trial, Santa Fe, can you remember that? Mary nods, unable to speak. We'll meet you there, God willing. Like he's my own. She backs away from the window. Angus waves to her and starts driving. Nothing wrong with that one. Except for those boots. You're an asshole, Hughes. Hartman laughs. Plymouth Colt. Eighty-nine. Mary quickly scans her memory. Yes. Mary thinks about it, smiles. You can have that. I have more. But the octogenarian Leachman may not have been as innocent as her representatives claimed, at least according to the evidence found at the murder scene. Hartman reads from his notes. Whips, hot wax, bamboo skewers, a spanking bench, and perhaps most damaging, a henna tattoo across Ms. Leachman's chest that read "Mrs. Juan Carlos Velasquez". Guilty or not? They all think about it. A greasy haired Shaman CLYDE steps up behind them. Everybody deserves the benefit of the doubt. He looks at Mary, smiles. Everybody. As he joins the Leachman fans, Mary thinks about it. Who doesn't? Hi gorgeous. What'd you do to your hair? Never better. Come in and wait. He'll be back soon. You all know Mary? Steve's girlfriend? Mary shakes hands around the table, greets them all in their native tongues. My dear, sit. He shoves the BBC guy out of the way to make room for Mary next to him. Vince shuffles the cards. Mary, you in? Don't go, Steve! Look who's here. Mary jumps up - just about knocks the table over, then sustains a number of injuries trying to leap over chairs. At last she makes it to Steve, hugs him. He holds her back at arm's length, looks at her, goes speak then stops himself, pulls her outside the tent. You have to stop stalking me. Stalking. This is crazy. Go home, Mary. He's not my friend, he's not your friend. He's just an asshole who thinks it's fun to string you along and make my life hell. He yells toward the tent. Hughes! Get out here! For the hundredth time, Steve, no, I am not interested in a threesome with you and your new girlfriend. Steve points to Mary. Tell her the truth. About all the crap you told her. Okay. Fine. Hartman goes to Mary, grabs her hand. Everything I said about Steve, about his feelings for you, his hopes, his dreams, his fears, his unexplainable odor, forget about it. Forget everything I said. None of it was true. Mary's stunned, devastated. She looks like she's going to cry. Hartman and Steve look at each other - what now? Hartman shoves him forward. Steve reluctantly puts a comforting hand on her shoulder. Because nothing I said comes close to the enormity of Steve's real feelings for you! It's a love that defies words! Steve jumps him. Hartman fights back. Mary's horrified. Nice one. Come on, the guy wears makeup. The guys all start pulling out cash to place bets. Mary spots the cash changing hands. Tell her! Okay, alright. Hartman wipes his lip, looks up at Mary. Mary, millions of people believe what I tell them every night. Why shouldn't you? Steve dives at him. Hartman swings and gets him right in the nose. One of their cell phones ring, then another, then all the guys' phones go off. Verdict's in. They all rush off to the court house, leaving a stunned Mary standing alone. And as she left the court room today a free woman, the cheers of her devoted fans carrying her forward - As you can see, Cloris Leachman's fans have become surprisingly violent despite her victory here today. Add this to the list of the most dangerous locations for journalists. Iraq, Somalia, Lebanon, Sri Lanka... and just about any place Cloris Leachman fans gather. Hartman wipes blood from his lip. Hartman Hughes putting his life at risk to report live from Santa Fe, New Mexico. They cut. Hartman grabs a hand mirror, points to his face, yells out to Steve. This is my gift, understand, my instrument. Makes no difference if you're walking around looking like Quasimodo. Ignoring Hartman, Steve walks over to Angus. How long do you figure until - Steve's phone rings. He cringes, answers it. This girl. She's been following me... She's not my girlfriend... He listens, clenches his teeth, hands the phone to Angus. As Angus listens, Steve grabs his equipment, waits in dread. Angus hangs up the phone, hands it back to Steve. I'm done? Consider yourself temporarily saved by the storm. It's worse than they thought. We've got to move. Steve grabs his equipment. They start walking. He'll probably fire you after. Any luck, the storm will kill me first. Shhhh. Shhhh. He puts his hands on the sides of her head. Mary's confused and a bit freaked out. In here. So loud. Always thinking, thinking, thinking. Mary goes to speak, stops herself. Clyde keeps his hands still on her head, looks into her eyes. You already found what you're looking for. Mary's eyes soften and she's suddenly calm. A moment of peace. Suddenly, Mary spots Hartman, Steve and Angus rush past. She breaks away from Clyde, rushes along the fence to catch up. Sorry, darling, we're on to the next story. Considering you probably just cost me my job, maybe you don't want to talk to me right now. We don't have a relationship. Mary, go home! She looks at him, hurt. Go home. He jumps in the CNN truck as Angus starts it up. Mary looks around, helpless. This storm could be bad. Sure you want to drive into it? (yelling his head off) And this time, the warnings were hard to ignore. One Galvestonian told us "tornados, we can handle. Hurricanes we can handle. Bugs we can handle. Put 'em all together and that's a storm I don't need to see". A wise man indeed. Something off to the side catches Hartman's eye -- it's a picnic table blowing down the street. Oooh! Get that! Steve gets the shot then pretends to make adjustments to his camera while he discretely scans the area, on the lookout for Mary. I saw Steve talking to you... He wasn't very nice. Mary makes herself busy putting the handy wipe in her Kroger bag then looks out the window. You know what my favorite part of doing crosswords is? When you know something you didn't think you knew. Mary thinks about it, then turns back to looking out the window. Paula, this pier was closed to the public twenty-four hours ago, and for good reason. Steve inches a bit closer for the shot, his footing unstable. Josh moves in and hangs on to Steve to keep him steady. As I stand here, I can actually feel the structure moving under my feet. The only thing between me and the limitless depths of the sea is this two-by-four railing that - The railing flies off. Hartman drops to his knees and crawls to the other railing then hangs on for dear life. Steve and Josh struggle to hang on to the camera and each other. And Paula I have to tell you, not only has my hearing been permanently damaged by the sheer force of the rain hitting my eardrums, but at this point, I'm beginning to wonder if I'll even make it out alive. He raises his head up for the big finish, gets hammered by the wind and rain. This is Hartman Hughes, reporting live from Galveston, Texas. Steve and Josh start backing up off the pier with Hartman crawling behind them. Steve yells back to him. You had to get the pier shot. Had to. Just about got us all killed. Happy? Hartman points in the water, yells. You're such an asshole. Steve walks off the pier mad as hell. Come on, that was funny. You have to admit... Stevie? Hang on. He hits the brakes, starts backing up as quickly as possible. Mary looks ahead -- sees what looks like a tornado up ahead. We'll just have to wait for this to pass, then we'll keep going. It'll be okay. They look down to the road just in time to see Howard's car picked up and blown right through the underpass, landing on its side in a ditch fifty yards away. Who the hell are you? What are you doing? You seen her? She's too smart to come here during this. Steve looks around like he's crazy. No, she's here somewhere. I can feel it. Barium... I spy with my little My best seller. I'm an apple sculptor. She's quiet for once. Howard watches her drift off. I went to school for physics but got bored. Now I just make these and sell them on appleheadsrule.com. I was going to give that one to my girlfriend in Bangor but I can make her another one. She'd probably prefer a Stephen Hawking one anyway. Science is her life. Not like my girlfriend in Tacoma. She's really into Jesus. Same as my other girlfriend in Duluth. He waits for a response - nothing. Maybe I'll meet them in person one day. They're just so far away and I don't get out much, not farther than the apple orchard or the post office anyway. I saw the people on TV fighting for Baby Peggy. It wasn't far from my house, and the people there looked nice enough, so I went. I thought I had everything I needed at home but then I thought, maybe there's more. Can I tell you something? Mary nods. I like your eyeballs. Brownish gray. I know. They both smile. Quagmire? Sloooowww news day. (speaking while signing to the kids) Who's ready for some fun? The deaf kids start running down the hill, straight for the petting zoo. Tornadocane my ass. Where the hell were the cicadas? Retards in a mine shaft, now that's a story. They're deaf, asshole. They spot Mary and Howard up ahead in the ditch, next to the car on its side. Look, it's your girlfriend. We're not stopping. Hartman grabs a piece of paper, writes fast. We can't just leave them. Highway patrol's down here every hour. It's not like they'll rot in the ditch. As they get closer, Hartman rolls down his window, folds up the piece of paper. What the hell are you doing? Getting some fresh air. It helps my pores. Steve tries to grab the paper. Hughes! Yes, Steven? You're not telling her where we're going. Aren't I? Christ, you two. You'll get us killed. Angus leans into the front seat, tries to steady the steering wheel. Asshole! Hartman laughs, rubs his arm in pain. "Please meet..." He looks at Mary, disgusted, continues reading. M-E-A-T. "Please meat me there. XO Steve". No kidding. She rushes to the car, Howard joins her. They push the car ey with everything they have, it tips back onto its wheels. Th jump in the car and start it up. And what went through your mind when you realized they were gone? The Teacher just bawls. Hartman turns to the camera. Grief too strong for words. That's the best way to describe this tragic, tragic scene. One minute, a merry day at the fair. The next minute, helpless babes savagely sucked into the menacing abyss. The Teacher bawls even harder. Hartman gives her a "there there" then continues talking to camera. And here's how hopeless the rescue looks at this moment. The earth surrounding hole is far too perilous for anybody to approach on foot. Moving heavy rescue equipment in too close could mean death for the rescuers as well. Its cold down there, wet, dark, probably a few snakes and rats moving around. I don't know what the hell happened but I smell a lawsuit. To some, a simple crane. To the trapped, innocent, special children -- the answer to their prayers. The cable lowering the bucket jerks and stops. The crowd gasps. Hartman stays on camera. Or is it? The cable jerks and begins moving again. Only time will tell. Through the crowd, Steve sees a WOMAN who looks like Mary from the back. fie freezes, then realizes it's not her. Total relief. Hey! Buddy! Back it up. Steve backs up, refocuses on the hole as the cable rises. - it's one of the Kids Finally, a smiling little face appears being carried up by the Fireman. They're all okay! The rescuers cheer. The Teachers bawl. Elation here in Louisiana but the danger, far from over as rescuers bring these children up one grubby little face at a time. Hartman looks off to the side, holds up a finger like he's trying not to cry. He signals Steve to cut. Remind me next time to mention Jesus. Still on the lookout for Mary, Steve's not even listening. That's the last of them! As he hands the kid to safety, the cable jerks. He gets out of the basket just in time before the whole thing - basket and cable -- snaps off and drops into the hole. A happy ending that's left parents across this country wondering - how can I keep my family safe from abandoned mines? Are there abandoned mines in my backyard? Is my child's school built on top of an abandoned mine? Steve spots Mary, running toward him. No, no, no. And how, oh how, can these death traps be avoided? Mary drops right into the abandoned mine. Mrs. Horowitz. You and your husband stay put, Mrs. Horowitz. She better be. Hartman looks away, guilty. Mary shines the light on her knee. Her previous cut is now gaping wound, blood is all over the place. Can we lower a phone down in there? Behind inc... Oh what's the point? Hartman walks away moping. Corbitt wants you to go on air to talk about Mary. An interview with the boyfriend. I'm not her boyfriend! Close enough. Come on, we need this. Hartman steps up, listens in. Fox has already got their hands on everything but her panty size. Fox scooped us? Our Mary? The bastards. Steve glares at him. That has to be bad news for Mary Horowitz, wouldn't you say? "P.S. Did anybody lose a little deaf girl?" "I found one. She's fine... Other than not being able to hear, I mean." Thank Christ. Now if they can only get her out of there. Angus hangs up his phone. Corbitt wants you on in five. Steve sees he has no choice. He nods. Hartman puts an arm around him. I'll be gentle. She'll be okay. She will. Howard looks behind him at the ever growing crowd. All this. For her. He manages a sad smile. I knew Mary Horowitz in college. She caught me trying to cheat off her physics midterm, lectured me for an hour and when she finally stopped talking I asked her out. She said no, said it was because I was, get this - hebetudinous. Can you believe? He walks away, bitter, gets back to work on NASA rockets. We dated for a while but she ended it. Said she couldn't stand this - He points around 'to the library - you could hear a pin drop. Whatever that means. Steve, tell us about Mary, your fiance struggling for her life at the bottom of the abandoned mine as we speak. Steve glares at him. Hartman motions for him to go on. Mary... she's smart, incredibly smart. She talks a lot. Never boring, I'll tell you that much. He thinks about her, gets lost in it. Mary Horowitz doesn't pretend to be anything she's not. She's passionate, beautiful, real... and she definitely doesn't deserve to be where she is now. They don't even know her. They've lowered food and water into the depths of this abandoned mine. The last task of this archaic crane that finally blew its motor. We've been told the new rescue equipment won't make it until daybreak. Until then, all we can do is wait, hope, and of course pray. There's a commotion at the rescue site. Doug zooms in. Good for her. Good for her. First interview is ours. Here comes our girl. Steve, you ready? Grab her arid kiss her then let me start with the questions. Doug focuses in on Steve. Hartman holds the crowd back so Mary can get to him. Mary runs toward them -- and keeps on running, right past Steve's open arms. She heads for her friends at the fence - Howard, Elizabeth, Carlos, George, Lydia, all of the other Protestors. She swan dives right into them. They catch her. You're okay. That bus driver looked like Francis Galton. Did you see that? In retrospect, and I say this with some hesitation because I don't like to have actual regrets so I'll just say I'm beginning to perpend - I'm beginning to perpend whether or not eating three bags of caramel corn for lunch was the smartest thing to do. Honestly I'm this close to spewing... Mary reaches the end of the path and stops, waits for everybody else to catch up. They're in complete awe of the monstrous Georgian estate before them. 