Know it, and go on out the yard. Go on. There ain't. You got to go sometime. You got to go out there by yourself sometime. Why you never go back to Lady Jone's and learn your letters? You liked going there I remember. Seeing the other children. Then all a sudden, you stop. No. I'm looking for what I was put here to look for: the back door. What I know is what I see: a nigger woman hauling shoes. Was a time I knew what was. Not like He punished me. I'm saying they came into my yard. I'm saying they came into my yard. Those white things have taken all I had or dreamed. I'm saying ain't no bad luck in this world 'cept for white folks..They just don't know when to stop. No, Stamp. I ain't. Can't say. It's something can't be planned. I likes yellow. Blue. That doesn't hurt nobody. Yellow neither. What I have to do is get in my bed and lay down. I want to fix on something harmless in this world. That's the last thing they took from me. If I call them, and they come what on earth am I going to say to them. Well what? I got a delivery around here. Name of Tucker. Folks come. Folks go. ...All I remember is how she loved the bottom of burned bread. Her little hands...I wouldn't know 'em if they slapped me". Those boys didn't even know him. You had six whole years of marriage to my Halle Fathered every one of your children. A blessing. I learned hard that a man's just a man, but a son like that...like Halle..now that's somebody. Oh, I remember bits and pieces of all of'em I guess..Halle, of course..I had Halle a lifetime. Almost twenty years... My two girls, sold and gone before I could even a heard about it, and them without their grown up teeth yet. My third child, my son after Halle...I let that straw boss have me for four months so's I could keep that boy. Next year, he had him traded for lumber anyway and me pregnant with his child. I couldn't love that child. I wouldn't. Not any of the rest either. God take what He would....and He did... What'd be the point? Not a house in the country ain't packed to the rafters with some dead Negro's grief. We lucky our ghost is a baby. My husband spirit come back? Or yours? Don't talk to me! Ha..You lucky. You got one child left, still pullin at your skirts. Be thankful. I had eight. Eight with six fathers. Every one of them gone from me. Four taken, four chased and all, I expect, worrying somebody's house into evil. My first born - alls I can remember of her now is how she loved the burned bottom of bread. Her little hands..I wouldn't know'em if they slapped me. Can you beat that? Eight children and that's all I remember. They'll be all right. I'm surprised they lasted here this long. Ah, winter in Ohio is especially rough if you've got an appetite for color.Then what do I do? But you said...you said out there, there ain't no...what was that word?..no..de- fense. No de-fense. There was a boy there...said mama was a jailbird...said he could prove it.. You best leave that quilt alone. That was grandma's quilt. THE WHITEFOLK? WATCH OUT FOR HER; SHE CAN GIVE YOU DREAMS. I WILL PROTECT YOU. Beloved..She's mine I am Beloved ..I swallowed her blood right along with my mother's milk. She played with me and always came to be with me whenever I needed her. Me and her waited for our daddy. I love her. I do. She never hurt me. I love my mother but I know she killed one of her own, and tender as she is with me, I'm scared of her because of it. All the time, I'm afraid the thing that happened that made it all right to kill her own, could happen again. Whatever it is, it comes from outside this house, outside the yard. So I never leave this house and I watch over the yard so it can't happen again ... I have to keep it away from my sister...I'll protect Beloved...'Cause She's mine... And Paul D...you don't have to stay 'way, but be careful how you talk to my mama, hear? Thank you. Yes sir I don't. I have my own. At times. At other times I think she was...more. But who would know that better than you. I mean, you sure 'nough you her. Haven't seen her since that day. Ella thinks she might be waiting in the woods for another chance but..I don't think so. Mama thinks she's gone for good. Says she can feel it. Yes? I don't know. I think I've lost my mother, Paul D. No. Not a bit all right. Hasn't gotten out of bed since that day. More than all right. Miss Bodwin, she teach me stuff..Book stuff. She says I might go to Oberlin. She's experimenting on me. No. Got me an afternoon job at the shirt factory. Figure between that and my night work at the Bodwins I might be able to put something away for me and mama. Don't pay to complain. They good whitefolks? In case of what? Fine. But what would I do at night? Ya think? I miss her. Yes ma'am. Yes ma'am.. Yes ma'am. I'm looking for work. I was thinking they might know of some. Oh. I want to see Mr. and Mrs. Bodwin. May I come in? No..No that won't do... Food. My mama, she doesn't feel well. I couldn't stay away from her too long, cause of her condition but I could do chores in the mornings. I can't do anything but I would learn it for you if you have a little extra. No. I mean work work. I want to work, Miss Lady. Mama? But you'll hurt your eyes doin it there. Come sit at the table. Mama...Mama she's asleep. Why don't you eat something. Mama let me help you. But mama.. MAMA! Morning, ma'am. DADDY IS COMING FOR US. DON'T LOVE HER TOO MUCH. Won't you be late for work? She likes to see you off in the morning. Should I wake her? That was fun. OOh, yeah...Don't know if it's the floor or the skating.You know as well as I do, Stamp, that people who die bad don't stay in the ground. Well, Paul D. must know who she is. Or what she is. But you didn't come here talking 'bout Paul. You came asking about a new girl. And he left when he found out what Sethe did? What you say casts a different light on it, I guess...I thought- He knew Baby Suggs? You didn't tell me that. I thought he already knew. You? What run him off? Tell me that! I ain't got no friends take a handsaw to their own children. Till she showed herself. Anything white floating around in the woods - if it don't got a shotgun, it's something the Lord tells me I don't want no part of. I ain't sure I know that. Baby never laid eyes on her till she showed up here. And how'd she make it and her husband didn't? And where is he? And how she have that baby in the woods by herself? Said a whitewoman help her. Shoot. You believe that? Well, I know what kind of white that was. Well, who can tell what went on in there? I never even knew who Sethe was or none of her people. Hold on! Don't jump if you can't see bottom! Her who? Stamp, don't tear me up this morning! I don't feel like it. I don't know him that well. He ask, I give him anything. Unrile yourself, Stamp. It's only a few days he been there. Can't nobody read minds long distance. All he have to do is ask somebody. Yeah. Asked Rev. Pike if he could stay in the cellar. He's sleeping in the church. Better ask Paul D. Might see anything at all at 124. You sure? Ain't no new Negroes in this town I don't know about. What she look like? You sure that wasn't Denver? What you want there? Somebody invite you in? Out where? Where you been keeping yourself? I told John must be cold if Stamp stay inside.Oh yeah. They good. Can't say they ain't good. I wouldn't trade them for another pair, tell you that. But you come back in a few days - give me a chance to lead'em to it. All right? In case the house burn down or bad weather slops the roads so bad I can't get here on time or late guests needed cleaning up after. Anything. Don't ask me what whitefolks need at night. Be here. In case. They getting older now and I can't take care of 'em like I used to. More and more they keep asking me to sleep over night. Now, I don't want to quit these people but they can't have all my days and nights too. I got my own family needs me. It'll take some convincing but maybe you could come after supper - take care of your mama during the day, then earn a little something at night, how's that? Bet you do. Everybody miss her. That was a good woman...Well, I don't know whether the Bodwins think it or not but they sure could use some extra help. I never went to those woodland services but she was always nice to me. Always. Never be another like her. You know what? I've been here since I was fourteen and I remember like yesterday when Baby Suggs, holy, came here and sat right where you are. Whiteman name of Garner brought her. He and Mr. Bodwin were good friends. That's how she got that house you all live in. Other things too. Well, come on in. You letting in flies. I heard your mother took sick, that so? You Baby Sugg's kin, ain't you? What you want'em for? Miss Bodwin. They brother and sister, darlin. What you want? Yes?Oh baby...I don't know anyone could pay anybody anything for work they did themselves...But if you all need to eat until your mother's well, all you have to do is say so...We have a church committee invented so nobody had to go hungry. Extra? Well, what can you do? Work? Start learnin your letters again?