Because she's reading the newspaper, you asshole. She can't talk to you right now. She doesn't want to talk to you. Robert--Daniel's life is already ruined. Maybe if you guys stopped thinking about yourselves for a change and-- Why? What's your point. Wildlife footage, for God's sake. I don't see how he could've slipped you something that the FBI would be interested in.My guess is male, somewhere in his 40's or 50's. You're a moron, you know that? What makes you think it's you? I don't have a life, Bobby. I'm in love with a married man. This conversation's over. Fuck you. When you needed information, I got it. You didn't care how. I've never met him? I can't. How? We're screwed. Bullshit. You don't work there anymore, Bobby. For the last four years. The IRS contacted me this morning. They say my lifestyle and receipts exceed my income. I gotta go. It's really not a good idea for me to be seen with you. Good. You're just what I need right now. There are reporters wanting to know about my relationship with you and how long I've worked for the mob. The mob , Bobby! I got a call from my firm this morning saying don't come in. Eat your fish. I wouldn't let you. Good luck with DePinto. You're not. He doesn't work that way. Someone with whom you don't have quite so personal a-- Other than me. I take a straight 15 percent. Brill's fee varies with risk. Perhaps you'd be more comfortable using someone else. Yes. It's how he works. What answer were you-- Never. DePinto? Here's what you asked for. Brill's note said it was everything you'd need to, shall we say, coax DePinto-- Do you like fish? It is fish. How's the trout?For that matter, I think you will too. I think she'll like this very much. Remain calm. I'll be right back. What size? What size? It's a little late for that. Very good. How 'bout Christian Dior? It's okay. I think it's a wonderful gift. You'd like to buy your wife some lingerie as a Christmas gift. That's fine. Do you see anything you like?You did good. Who? I'm sorry about Rachel. It's really over? Is it over? They're saying you killed that policeman. Are you sure you're safe? What is it? I was missing you. The lingerie. I opened the present you got me from Harrison's. I'm sorry I didn't believe you. I told you they could do this. I told you they had this kind of capability and that with this anti- terrorism it would be just another-- Good. Does that hurt? What happened to your head? This is my house. Nobody's kicking me out of my house. I picked those drapes. Just reporters. Yes. My father's put me in touch with an attorney. He'll be-- This is science-fiction Robert! The manager showed me the transfer notice with your signature on it. I went to the bank to see why. They said you emptied our accounts-- I went to the grocery store. My ATM and credit cards didn't work. I couldn't buy food. Was that doctored-up, too? I'm looking at a picture of you and Rachel taken yesterday . Do you know what I'm looking at Robert? Leave this house. I think you should leave now, Robert. Oh, please-- The date stamp on the picture is last month . Is that where you and Rachel conduct business. You told me you weren't seeing her at all . You had an affair with this woman, Robert, we went to a fucking counselor for a year. I told you I didn't want you seeing her. You swore ! "At the center of the investigation are well-known Washington-area attorneys Robert Dean and Rachel Banks." "Sources revealed an FBI investigation into a possible money laundering scheme that may have sent millions of dollars-- Robert-- How could you let me find out like this? He's got his priorities? I don't understand why Jerry couldn't clear this up. Sorry. Have you been working with Rachel? Yeah, but you said you've never met him. How did you-- Who did you work with to get the-- How'd you get the information on DePinto? Bobby? What'd you buy at Harrison's? I'm sorry. What do you mean? What? You're a lawyer. Don't you care what's going on around you? You should take this seriously. We won't suspend the civil rights of the good people. So you tap everyone's phone? You use computers to probe financial records? New Search and Seizure laws? Bobby! Listen to him. This guy's a fat-assed Rotarian gasbag.