He's been dying for ten years.  How do you know that?  Maybe he just misses us.  Peace, Commodus.  After two weeks on the road your incessant scheming is hurting my head.  The first thing I shall do is have a hot bath.  Civilization at last.  Gods preserve us.  Father.  You're right.  I would have been what you taught me to be.  Even over his son.  Maximus, stop... Let me see your face.  You've been crying.  What does my father intend?  You're lying.  I could tell when you were lying even when we were children.  You hate it.  True.  But then you never had to. Maximus, stop... ... Is it really so terrible seeing me again?  And you are hurt to see my father dying.  He will announce Commodus' succession.  That's why he summoned us.  Will you serve my brother as you served his father?  Do you know I still remember you in my prayers...?  Oh yes, I pray... Ever since that day you saved me from drowning off Capri.  Do you remember?  Commodus was so angry that a mere peasant -- a Spaniard no less -- touched the royal person, do you remember his anger?  Mark this, Maximus:  that is the man who will be Emperor.  There was a time when you didn't call me "Highness."  Very different... I wonder if it was better?  Hail, Caesar.  Gentlemen, in the future do not concern my brother with these matters.  Come to me.  Quiet, brother...  Leave the Senate to me.  Don't trouble yourself.  Shhh.  The tonic will help...  Yes, just drink this down.  Our father lost his way.  His mistake was believing the old songs of the "Republic."  We know better. So let the Senate talk.  They have no real power.  Still afraid of the dark, brother?  I'll stay with you until you are asleep.  He's asleep.  Be quick.  Good.  Can they be bought?  And they've started arresting scholars now.  Anyone who dares speak out -- even satirists and chroniclers.  The future.  The future pays for it...  He's started selling the grain reserves.     He's selling Rome's reserves of grain.  The people will be starving in two years.  I hope they are enjoying the spectacles because soon enough they will be dead because of them.  And who will tell them?!  You, Marcellus?  You, Senator Gaius? Will you make a speech on the Senate floor denouncing my brother?  And then see your family in the Colosseum?  What town-crier would dare?  He must die.  No -- cut off the head and the snake cannot strike.  What about the army?  So we do nothing?!  It's all right, darling, you --  Lucius, you go in now, I'll be in shortly.  What are you going to do?  I don't know.  Mmm.  What are you going to do?  Good.  When he defies my brother the Emperor, he defies me.  But you shouldn't send assassins.  The people embraced him today.  They will be expecting his next match... ... let him die in the arena like the slave he is.  Let the people see what comes of defying Caesar.  Rich matrons pay well to be pleasured by the bravest champions.  Maximus, listen to me --  I knew nothing of that.  I wept for them.  Do you know what it is to be the daughter of the Emperor?  I learned on the night my father had my husband killed.  I loved my husband very much.  Very... simply.  He was a man who believed in the Republic. He was a man who thought Marcus should be tending to Rome and not conquering the world.  One night my father had him strangled for conspiring with the Senate.  My father never spoke of it.  I never spoke of it.  That is what it is to be the daughter of Rome.  My son will live.  He will survive this cursed bloodline.  Rome will die and the jackals will pick her clean -- but my son will survive. Empires come and go.  Cities crumble to dust.  Only family matters.  So is mine.  So do I.  My son will never be safe while he lives.  The Senate is with us, and the City Guard.  We have growing power in the streets.  But we need a leader. Someone the people can --  No.  So that my son will be safe. So that we may leave this charnel house forever and never look back. Look into my eyes, Maximus, and believe what I say to you...  By all the Gods, and in the name of my father who loved you, and in the name of the husband I loved... I swear to stand by your side in this now and always.  Lucius Verus.  Like his father.  Commodus plans to kill you in your next match in the arena.  He's planning something.  I will pray for you.  As I have always done.  Lucius, run along now.  I need to talk to the General.  ... Maximus will summon his army from Ostia and he will strike from the inside as his army strikes from the outside.  But he insists that the Senate be present.  How many are with us?  I'll arrange it.  He has withdrawn.  He's not eating. He doesn't go out.  He won't even see me... I don't know what tempests rage within him but...  Yes.  And they will march on Rome for you?  Captain Marcellus will take it.  And his City Guard will by with you when you get to Rome.  Is that enough to face the Praetorian Guard?  Caesar...  Of course...  Brother, do not be influenced by the mob.  They are a great, faceless beast --  They see themselves in him.  They throw in their own sad dreams alongside his.  They think he fights for them.  And what if he should win?  Caesar, you let this unduly worry you.  At best he is a passing fancy -- he is a name, an image on a banner, ephemeral -- he will be forgotten as the next fancy appears --  Mercy.  He will not kill in the arena.  He is merciful.  As they all wish they were in their own hearts.  Don't even say it.  I know it's dangerous -- but I had to see you. Captain Marcellus has gone to the army with your message as you instructed.  He says the City Guard will be ready at the south road at noon.  They can only wait for an hour so --  Did I?  All right then.  So everything is prepared.  The Senate will be in attendance and you have your gladiators -- the usual cohort of Praetorians will be inside the arena --  Tell me honestly... please... do you think it will work?  Do you think we'll all die?  Will you swear something to me?  Will you swear it on the memory of your son?  By all that you have ever loved... swear that if you survive you will take my son out of Rome.  Swear that you will go far away and never return.  I will.  Had I not been the daughter of Rome...  Remember your mother.  