I don't really know what I'm doing. We've done the hard part now.  I  might as well, you know... Hello, you two.  Laura, it's your  mother.  Your father's angina is a  little rough today and I thought  he'd like to talk to you.  No big  deal.  I love you two.  Bye. Rob, it's Liz.  Just calling to see,  well, if you're okay.  Give me a  ring.  I'm not taking sides.  Yet.   Lot's of love.  Bye. Hi, Rob.  It's your mother. Everything all right? How's the store? Your lucky Laura's doing so well.   If it wasn't for her, I don't think  either of us would ever sleep... What do you mean?  Where did she go? Well call her mother. You know that's not what's upsetting  me. I knew this would happen.  What are  you going to do Rob? And after that? I knew this was going to happen. What did Laura say?  Do you know why  she left? So you say.  I'd like to hear her  side of it. Well I don't know what happens now,  apart from you meet someone, you  move in, she goes.  You meet someone,  you move in, she goes. Thanks, you guys, I know I'm not  supposed to like that song, but I  do.  I'm gonna take a break for a  second.  Anybody wants to buy one of  my tapes, they're five bucks up here.   One of my other personalities will  be selling them. Enjoying yourselves? Good.  'Cause I'm enjoying myself. Yup.  Not far from here, actually. It's okay.  Hey.  You guys might be  the sort to know.  Are there any  good record stores around here or do  I have to go downtown? What do you sell? Sounds great. Hey.  It's Liz. You called this morning? How're you holding up? Yeah.  Like I said, I don't want to  take sides.  And I like Laura with  you.  She's more fun, more open.   You guys are good together.  I just  wish you two could, I don't know.  I  don't think much of this Ian guy -- Don't you like that? I should be so lucky. Hey. Do you have soul? Those. What do you think? Give me fifty bucks and they're all  yours. I know what they're worth.  Give me  fifty and get them out. I must have nothing.  Their my  husband's. He's in Jamaica with a twenty-three- year-old.  A friend of my daughter's.   He had the fucking nerve to call me  and ask me to borrow some money and  I told him to fuck off, so he asked  me to sell his singles collection  and send him a check for whatever I  go, minus a ten percent commission.   Which reminds me.  Can you make sure  you give me a five?  I want to frame  it and put it on the wall. Years.  This collection is as close  as he's ever come to an achievement. That wasn't part of the deal.  I  want to be poisonous but fair. Suit yourself.  There are plenty of  others who will. Sixty. Seventy-five. And I won't take a penny over ninety. With eleven hundred he could come  home, and that's the last thing I  want. Fine. Sure.  Ten cents. Okay.  Because you took the trouble  to come up here.  And because you've  got principles.  But that's it.  I'm  not selling them to you one by one. MOTHERFUCKER. -- No, no, no, don't even.  I talked  to Laura, Rob.  I talked to her and  she gave me a little background.   And you're a fucking ASSHOLE. To think I sympathized with you for  two seconds!  Poor Rob!  Laura left  him out of nowhere for the schmuck  upstairs.  You let me believe that! Rob!  Two years ago you got Laura  pregnant; you then proceeded to cheat  on her!  You borrowed money from her  and never paid a dime back!  And  then, just a few weeks ago, you told  her you were unhappy with her and  were "kind of looking around for  somebody else!" The Clash. Who? This sounds great. Hi. I thought I could give you a lift  back. Yes.  Well, I'm coming over to your  house to get some things. You can make all the faces you want.   My car.  My car stereo.  My  compilation tape. It's not like saying that at all,  actually, Rob.  Art Garfunkel and  Marvin Gaye make pop records -- -- whatever, and the Israelis and  the Palestinians don't.  Art Garfunkel  and Marvin Gaye are not engaged in a  bitter territorial dispute, and the  Israelis and the Palestinians are.   Art Garfunkel and Marvin Gaye -- -- and who says I like Marvin Gaye,  anyway? Is that right?  I'd like a word with  him. I remember the song.  I just couldn't  remember who sang it. I can see why you prefer Gaye to  Garfunkel.  I get it, really.  But  there are so many other things to  worry about.  They're only records,  and if one is better than the other,  well, who cares, besides you and  Barry and Dick?  I mean really, who  gives a flying fuck? Well, I liked you.  You were a deejay,  and I thought you were hot, and I  didn't have a boyfriend, and I wanted  one. Yeah, sure.  More so then than I am  now.  That's life though, isn't it? You really believe that? And do you like it that way? Let's go in. Have you tackled the Great  Reorganization yet? You bet.  I've been saying that for  years. I think you know that. I'm sorry.  I haven't been very fair  to you.  That's why I came here to  the store this evening.  I feel  terrible, Rob.  This is really hard,  you know. What?  Gimme a fucking break.  Is  that what you think?  That your not  big enough a deal for me?  Jesus,  gimme a little credit, Rob. What were the others? What's the obvious stuff? I guess it's not that obvious, then. What? Did you say something? Rob.  Don't be childish. I am not living with him.  I've just  been staying with him for a few days  until I work out what I'm doing.   Look, this has nothing to do with  anyone else.  You know that, don't  you?  I left because we weren't  exactly getting along, and we weren't  talking about it.  And I suddenly  realized that I like my job, and I  like what my life is could be turning  into, and that I'm getting to a point  where I want to get my shit together  and I can't really see that ever  happening with you, and yeah, yeah,  I sort of get interested in someone  else, and that went further than it  should have, so it seemed like a  good time to go.  But I have no idea  what will happen with Ian in the  long run.  Probably nothing. Look.  Maybe you'll grow up and we'll  get it together, you and me.  Maybe  I'll never see either of you again.   I don't know.  All I know is that  it's not a good time to be living  here. I don't know. I suppose so. Oh, Rob, shut up. -- I don't fucking know what chance  you fucking have! Okay, okay, we have a nine percent  chance of getting back together.   Does that clarify the situation? I'm too tired for this now.  I know  I'm asking a lot, but will you take  off for a while so I can get my stuff  packed up?  I need to be able to  think while I do it and I can't think  while you're here. Fine.  One. Nevermind. Just ask it! Is what better?  Better than what? Jesus Christ, Rob.  Is that really  what's bothering you? You really think it would make a  difference either way? Well the answer is that I don't know  either.  We haven't done it yet. I haven't felt like it. No.  I was living with you, remember?   We've slept together but we haven't  made love.  Not yet.  But I'll tell  you one thing.  The sleeping together  is better. Will you please just go? Everything go alright? God, I hate that time.  That pick up  stuff time.  I just went through  that before I came here.  You know  that song "Patsy Cline Times Two" I  play?  That's about me and my ex  dividing up our record collections. Thank you. Yup. No way!  I'd cramp his style.  And I  wouldn't want to listen to all that  stuff happening on the other side of  the bedroom wall.  I'm way to  unattached for that. Yeah, but if you heard this band  called the Crumblers, you'd -- Yeah, I know the Crumblers!  I bought  a used Blasters album in New York  about ten years ago and somebody  left a Crumblers single in it.  My  everything changed for a couple of  weeks. The Conformist. You haven't even seen it! Are you okay? For now.  But I wouldn't be if I  thought this was the end of the  evening. Good.  In that case, I'll fix us  something else to drink.  You sticking  to the whiskey or you want coffee? Tops off two whiskeys and starts  into the other room where she sees  Rob, standing and holding his jacket. When I said before that I hoped it  wasn't the end of the evening, I  was, you know... talking about  breakfast and stuff. I'd like it if you could stay the  night. Jesus, so much for delicacy.  I pegged  you for a master of understatement,  beating around the bush and all that  buzz. So you'll stay? Good. God, you ask a lot of questions. That way.  You? And so it is.  I'll talk to you later. Right. Hi.  I've been looking for an envelope  of my receipts from last month and  I'm thinking I didn't take them with  me.  Have you seen them around? I'm sorry to call, but I need that  stuff... We'll talk some other time. So, how are you? I told you I slept with him. Is that why you wanted to see me? Oh, Rob.  What do you want me to  say? I can't do that. You must have known it would happen.   You couldn't have been entirely  unprepared.  Like you said, I've  been living with the guy.  We were  bound to get around to it sometime. And anyway, I keep trying to tell  you, that's not really the point, is  it?  The point is we got ourselves  into an awful mess, Rob...  Are you  there?  What are you thinking? We can meet for another drink if you  want.  So I can explain it better.   I owe you that much. Will you call me? Call me at work.  We can arrange to  meet properly.  I don't want this to  be the last conversation we have.  I  know what you're like. Hello. I figured it was. Where are you? I'm not -- hold on... I'm not in love with Ian, okay? Jesus.  I do not know.  I'll talk to  you later. I'm not experimenting.  Why don't  you go experiment. You don't ever think about other  people? I am fine... I gotta go.  Goodbye. Yeah, I'm fine.  I'm off the phone. I'm upset, but I'm fine. Mmmm, no.  Not a good idea. Nothing to resolve, Ian.  Let's get  a drink. C'mon, c'mon. I don't know. Really. I hate to quibble with you Rob, but  she married her first boyfriend.   Kevin Bannister. That's right.  Kevin.  She's Mrs.  Kevin Bannister.  She lives in  Australia. I beg your pardon? Well Rob, I'll tell her you said  hello.  If she remembers you. Rob.  I was crazy about you.  I wanted  to sleep with you, one day, but not  when I was sixteen.  When you broke  up with me -- when you broke up with  me -- because I was, to use your  charming expression, tight, I cried  and cried and I hated you.  And then  that little shitbag asked me out,  and I was too tired to fight him  off, and it wasn't rape because I  said okay, but it wasn't far off.   And I didn't have sex with anyone  else until after college because I  hated it so much.  And now you want  to have a chat about rejection?   Well, fuck you, Rob. I can't believe I left you for him...  Crazy. Probably.  I can't remember why,  though. I called and called but you were  out.  I thought I'd be gone before  you got back. Yep.  I might have missed some stuff.   I'm so used to some things being  here that I don't even notice them. He's at home.  Listen, I can't believe  he went to the store.  I'm mortified,  actually.  I'm really sorry.  He had  no right to do that, and I told him  so. I'm sure. I don't really want to talk about  it, to be honest. You know what I mean. Fix it up.  It'll make you feel  better. You know I didn't mind.  And it's  not as if Ray's place is any better. Ray.  I hate Ian. You make me laugh much more than Ray  does, if that's what you're getting  at.  But I already knew you could  make me laugh.  It's everything else  I don't know about. Mmm hmm. Oh ho, so very infrequently. Time to go. Those aren't mine. They're not really, though, are they?   I know you bought them for me, and  that was really sweet of you, but  that was when you were trying to  turn me into you.  I can't take them,  I know they'd just sit around staring  at me, and I'd feel embarrassed by  them and... they don't fit in with  the rest of what's mine, do you  understand?  That Sting record you  bought for me... that was a present  for me.  I like Sting and you hate  him.  But the rest of this stuff... Who the hell is Nick Lowe?  Or Gram  Parsons?  Or the Boredoms?  I don't  know these people.  I... I'm sorry to go on about it.  But, I  don't know, there's a lesson here  somewhere, and I want to make sure  you get it. You're being deliberately obtuse. Well, think about it. Hello. I can't talk right now. Pigsty. Pig died. My dad died.  My dad, my dad. I'm sorry. In a minute.  When I get it together. No.  No.  Mom wants you to come to  the funeral.  It's on Friday. My dad liked you.  And Mom never  told him we'd split, because he wasn't  up to it and... oh, I don't know.  I  don't really understand it.  I think  she thinks he'll be able to see what's  going on.  It's like... He's been through so much, what with  dying and everything, that she doesn't  want to upset him any more than she  has to. I don't care.  As long as you don't  expect me to hold your hand. Look, are you coming or not? Liz'll give you a lift.  She knows  where to go and everything... I don't  have time to talk, Rob.  I've got  too much to do. It's a crematorium. What difference does it make? No.  They don't know him.  And Ken  liked you.  Rob, Ken didn't die for  your benefit, you know.  It's like  everybody's a supporting actor in  the film of your life story. How are you? She's had a pretty rough few weeks  already, without this.  It's hard  when you're putting all of your  efforts into one part of your life  and it doesn't work out. We are talking about somebody else.   Laura.  Laura and Ray, actually. Enough of what? Maybe I've been a little unfair.   But is this really the time? If by "we" you are referring to men,  then I have to say that just the  once would do. Are you going to lie in that flower  bed all night? You're soaking. You're also an idiot. Thank you.  I appreciate it.  I can't  reciprocate. I didn't mess things up because I  was scared.  I slept with Ray because  I was sick of you.  And I needed  something to snap me out of it. I don't want to go back. C'mon. I don't know.  Sometime.  Later.   Listen, Rob, would you have sex with  me? I want to feel something else than  this.  It's either that or I go home  and put my hand in the fire.  Unless  you want to stub cigarettes out on  my arm. It'll have to be sex, then. Hello.  It doesn't seem so long ago  that I looked at you from here. I knew there was a reason I wore a  skirt today. Oh, Rob, we're not going to go through  that again. Yes, of course.  There's nothing to  worry about. I lived with you.  You were my partner  just a few weeks ago and now you're  worried I might kill you, and you're  entitled to worry.  Isn't that a  terrible thing?  Isn't that sad? I'm too tired not to go out with  you. Everything's too hard.  Maybe another  time I would have the guts to be on  my own, but not now I don't. Ray's a disaster.  I don't know what  that was all about, except that  sometimes you need someone to lob  into the middle of a bad relationship  like a hand grenade, I guess, and  blow it all apart. I know it's not very romantic, but  there will be romance again at some  stage, I'm sure.  I just... I need  you, Rob.  That's it.  And we know  each other and we care for each other,  and you've made it clear that you  want me back, so... Let's go home.  Okay? Want to know what, exactly? It was like sex.  What else could it  be like? What's the difference? Look, we're okay now.  We just had a  nice time.  Let's leave it at that. Well I was gonna lie and now I can't,  because you'd know I was lying. To make you feel better. Look, Rob.  If great sex was as  important as you think it is, and if  I was having great sex with him,  then we wouldn't be lying here now.   And that is my last word on the  subject, okay? I wish your penis was as big as his,  though. ... Like Mexico.  Or Jamaica.  Or  New York, even. I'll pay for you.  Even though you  owe me money.  We have to do something  with the money I earn.  I need to.   I deserve it.  You can just think of  it as winning the lottery. Money does not matter.  I do not  care how much you earn.  I'd just  like you to be a little happier in  your work, but beyond that you can  do what you like. How?  How were we the same people? Because I'm not allowed to.  I still  do, after work.  So, what?  Should  we just break up?  Is that what you're  saying?  Because if you are, I'm  going to run out of patience. But what? You haven't changed so much as a  pair of socks in the years I've known  you.  If we've grown apart, then I'm  the one who's done the growing, and  all I've done is change jobs. I can't go to work with my hair dyed  pink.  And I can afford to go shopping  more now, and I've met a couple people  I like over the last year or so. More confident, maybe. Less neurotic.  Are you intending to  stay the same for the rest of your  life? Yeah, you're alright.  But you're  certainly not happy.  So what happens  if you get happy?  And yes I know  that's the title of an Elvis Costello  album, I use the reference  deliberately to catch your attention.   Should we split up because I'm used  to you being miserable?  What happens  if you, I don't know, start you're  own record label, and it's a success?   Time for a new girlfriend? How?  What would be the difference  between you having a record label  and me going from legal aid to private  practice? All I'm saying is, you have to allow  for things to happen to people, most  of all to yourself.  Otherwise, what's  the use? Hey, Barry. Where's Rob? What are you talking about? Hi.  What are you doing? Wanna go to dinner? At Paul and Miranda's.  Paul from  work. I know.  But you've never met.  It  just seems like a stone unturned in  your relationship with him. Better hurry, though, Paul.  Rob  started a record label, so he's gonna  be in the shop less and less. ..."To each his own!" Unbelievable!   You!  Rob Gordon said that.  You  even sounded like you meant it. I tricked you into meeting some people  you'd think were great.  I thought  it would be fun to introduce you to  someone with a Tina Turner album and  then see whether you still felt the  same way. I called Dan Koretzky because he -- Yeah, and he said it's a good way to  break out a record.  Especially for  what he said, and I quote, "would be  a highly anticipated event, locally."  He helped me put out a press release. Just local, of course. I had that idea when I was living  with Ian and it was such a good idea  that I was annoyed we weren't together  anymore.  It might even be why I  came back. What do you ever do that can't be  cancelled? Barry said its done. Yeah.  His band is playing a set. They'll go on early.  Nobody will  even be there yet and I told them  they can't play for more than a half  hour. We took care of that. Barry and Dick and me.  Look in the  bedroom. That's okay.  You seem pissed off  all the time, though. Excuse me? I'm looking for Deejay Rob Gordon. I'm Caroline Fortis from The Reader.   I want to do a story on you. Well, I used to go to the Dodger on  your nights, and I saw you're doing  it again and that your putting out a  record, and it's sort of a then-and- now story against the backdrop of  the Chicago music scene with the  emphasis on now. I thought I would ask you a few  questions if that's okay. So.  Is now a good time? Right.  So.  You must have an enormous  record collection. Yeah, well... Let's see... What are  you're all-time top five records? Your desert island top-five. Is there a difference? Nevermind.  Any five.  So four more. Well if one of them is this "Sin  City" thing -- Look if you can't think of anything,  it doesn't matter.  I'll do one.  My  five favorite from the old days at  the Dodger. Fine.  That's great. Well, I wouldn't mind a quick chat,  if you got the time. That's five.  So.  Why did you decide  to deejay again? Nice friend. What's his name? "Music for Old People." What does  that mean? Okay. "Dance Music For Old People?" And the new label?  And the Kinky  Wizards? Would you?  Really?  Wow.  I could  have deejay Rob Gordon play in my  own home. Who's that for? A drinking lunch on a school day.   What a nice surprise. Are you worried about tomorrow night? Are you going to talk to me, or shall  I get my paper out? Right. What are you going to talk to me  about? Ha ha ha.  Hoo hoo hoo. I know. I'm sorry.  But two days ago you  were in love with that girl who  interviewed you for The Reader,  weren't you? Well forgive me if I don't think of  you as the world's safest bet. No.  Probably not. Don't sulk.  What brought all this  on? Very persuasive. No.  I don't think so.  I'm just  curious about how one goes from making  tapes for one person to marriage  proposals to another in two days.   Fair enough? So? About what? I've changed my mind.  That's the  most romantic thing I've ever heard.   I do.  I will. I mean, maybe you're right.  But  were you really expecting me to say  yes? Well, you've asked. Thank you. It's gonna be fine.  These people  are ready for anything. 