I received my B.S. from the University of Pennsylvania, my P.H.D. from Bryn Mawr College. I worked three years at the Boston University School of Medicine, during which time I had articles printed in the "Journal of Educational Psychology", "American Journal of Psychology", "Psychology Review" and "Science"... So I think it's safe to say my opinion is valid. Why am I such an authority? What is it? Where? I won't let you die. Listen to me very carefully, because I don't want you to misunderstand me... The walk is over Uncle Maurice. Done. Finished. You've made it to California, it was a miracle, now let's try to save your life. What? I don't think you realize how serious this is Uncle. Maybe later. Uncle, the way I was told, if that police car didn't happen down that road, you would be dead right now. That guy Denny, had jumped bail in another state, he's dangerous... They'll be other Dennys, if you don't plan. If you can't redo these six hundred miles when you're rested and ready, how are you possible going to walk another two thousand-five hundred miles in your present condition? Why did you take the back roads here? They're not safe. You'd know that if you'd planned. If you really want to do this... plan it out. Rest up. Train for it. Build up your body. Plan every stop along the way. How much money? Time? Really do it properly. This is all so -- by the seat of your pants. What if you don't make it? She was being symbolic. What if she asked you to fly to the moon? It's impossible. Uncle Maurice -- I spent all our frequent flyer miles on a one way ticket here... I have a rented car outside, just listen to me. Come back with me now, and if you still want to do something like this in a year -- maybe we'll plan a car trip across the country -- Gerald and I will come along -- I don't accept that. And your store? What about your new store? What about all your dreams? Uncle Maurice, you're wearing sneakers? Thank you. A couple days to a few months if untreated. I think my uncle is suffering from a condition called Mania which is linked with depression. It is a time when an individual will act over-confident, and will act out impractical, grandiose plans. Sometimes these plans can be dangerous. Sergeant, I'm a psychologist and I know the difference between normal whims people have and actions that clearly display psychological problems... My uncle lost his wife and it devastated him. Put out a P.B.S.... Or whatever it's called.Good. No really, if God takes us away from each other, you know where to look now? If I die, you'll know where to look for me? Maurice? When I was ten, my family lived in Pacifica for a year. I used to go to the beach everyday that summer. I never felt so happy, carefree. It was a magic place for me... That's where my heaven will be. Pacifica, California. I know where my heaven is. I think it's a different place for each person. That's okay -- really it is. Your father? It'll make it. It must've hit the window... I think its neck is broken. Don't be so sure. You can change. Please not, 'The two kinds of people' speech. Yes. I want children. I've changed my mind. It's one of those thoughts you keep to yourself. You like to take walks? Show me. Exactly. No reason. No occasion. It just makes you feel good to do something for it, to express your pride and affection for it some how... How come you'd do that for a piece of metal and not for me? Then why? Why are you polishing it -- in bed -- in your pajamas -- at 11:15 at night? Are you going to show it to someone? Why do you polish it? Why do you polish that thing all the time? No I don't. I don't even know if you'd walk across the street for me. Anything? I want to be shown... Maurice would you do anything for me? Sometimes people need to see things done for them -- because sooner or later they don't believe the words anymore. What it is -- is the truth. ... Love is shown through actions not just words. We can do it together. Honey, I told you. If it makes you happy, we should just do it. What? Well, I'm sure it's not Christmas, because you'd be worried about how much money we don't have to spend on each other... I know it's not New Years, because you'd be going on and on about wearing a tuxedo and how much you don't like to dance... and I'm sure it's not our anniversary, because I didn't find an envelope with a hundred dollars cash on my bureau with a note that says, 'Pick out something pretty'... Yes -- Maurice -- I'm virtually certain it's not a special day today. It's just a regular day. There was no card. The flowers... they're beautiful.Don't worry baby, it shouldn't take you more than five days if you just stop to sleep and eat. This is the route approved by triple A. Even if you followed back roads the entire way, you'd still be looking at roughly the same distance... What was that? Damn baby, relax. I'm getting to it. From Philadelphia following the route highlighted to Pacifica California -- you're traveling an estimated three thousand two hundred miles... Each inch represents 150 miles...Umm, he's going to make it isn't he? Umm, Coalville Utah. Umm, no. It's just that -- The Gazette's small huh? This story is big huh?Yes. He's getting my sweater from the car. I said there was a breeze. I told him not to go. Forty-seven years. You should. Children are a blessing from God. I have four. Is it a boy or a girl? Good morning.Someone should be with you. ... My father. Mr. Parker, I'm supposed to give you your fish sticks. They told me, you might try to talk me into something... You need to rest Mr. Parker... It's for your own good. I've been following your story for a long while. It's a beautiful thing you did. You're in pain. Steph. In a hospital. There are a lot of people worried about you.