-- I'II fucking tell YOU. I'll shoot you in the face and end this argument and we see who's right -- SHUT THE FUCK UP. I didn't know -- I didn't know -- Hi. You were really cute when you were on that show -- -- you can't answer any questions right now though, huh? He-he-he. Well, you're his doctor and that's  why -- well tell me something -- tell me something --  And he needs more pills, then. Fuck it, I'm coming to see you,  I need to come see you to get him more pills and I need some answers so you better just talk to me, I'm coming  to see you, I'm coming to see you -- I love you, my darling. I'll be back in a while, Phil.  I have to go get some things and  I have to see something and I'll be back.... What? What? What now? You can't just come in here. You're just come in -- I am calm. There's no disturbance. There's no disturbance. You don't tell me, I know my rights, just come right in, you can't -- I AM CALM. I don't have to answer your questions. What does it look like? You're here. No.  I said that. I live alone. No I Said. Marcie. I preffer to stand. I didn't do anything. I don't know a loud crash. I said: I DON'T KNOW.  You can't just  come in here and start pokin' around -- An ashtray fell, I don't know, maybe last night, I just woke up. I went out last night. It's a free country, you can think anything you want. Mischief?  What the fuck you talkin' about, mischief? No. No. It's ten o'clock in the morning -- I didn't hear anything. I don't have to do a god damn thing. WHAT'S THIS? WHAT'S THIS? GOD DAMN WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS BULLSHIT? THERE'S NO ONE IN THERE. STAY OUT THERE'S NO ONE IN THERE! THERE'S NO ONE IN MY MOTHERFUCKIN I told you there was no one in there! THAT'S NOT MINE. Hello? I think you have the wrong number. No. Yeah.  You have the wrong number. There's no one named Frank here. Yep. That sounds like fun, Frank.  I love seafood. Ohhh, shhhh...shhh...Frank... Hey, Frank.  It's Cindy.  I'm wondering  if you wanna grab a bite and see a movie? I'm here and I need to see him. -- he's fucking dying, he's dying as we're sitting here and there isn't a fucking thing -- jesus,  how can you tell me to calm down? I just, I just -- I just -- I'm just in a fucking state, I know he's  going and it's like I don't know how -- just tell me He has Phil right now. Yeah. -- you don't understand: it's more pain  than before and the fucking morphine pills aren't working, he's -- past two days it's  like he can't really swallow them and I don't  know if they're going down -- I can't see inside his mouth anymore -- I'm up all night staring at him and I don't think the pills are going down and he moans and he hurts -- I'm listening.  I'm getting better. I need to sit down. -- how the fuck can I say anything  to that -- I don't know what to say to that -- ...what the fuck is this...? What do you want? Why are you here? He's not my boyfriend. Wanna call me a slut now, something? What the fuck do you want? Don't sit down. I don't wanna talk to you. Why are you here, why are you doing this? Coming in here -- you wanna call me a whore? Yeah, yeah right -- what the fuck are  doing?  WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING IN MY HOUSE? I'M NOT CRAZY.  Don't you tell me I'm crazy. I'M NOT CRAZY.  You're the one.  You're the one who's wrong.  You're the one -- Get out of here, get the fuck out of my house -- GET THE FUCK OUT. FUCK YOU.  FUCK YOU, YOU GET OUT. FUCK YOU.  YOU GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE. I'M NOT YOUR BABY, I'M NOT YOUR GIRL. YOU BURN IN BELL.  You burn in hell  and you deserve it -- YOU GET THE FUCK OUT. GET OUT. GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE. Can you get your shit and leave, please? -- she's got six hundred dollars and a large box of condoms next to the bed -- -- guys come in, out and around all day, this is the building guy talking -- That's right. I wanna talk to my motherfuckin' lawyer. There you are, there you are. Nothin' to it, no problem. How you doin' Stanley? Ready to go,go,go? They're here, they're fine. In the dressing room. See you later -- Jesus you scared us! It's upstairs. Sure, why? I can check on that for you, maybe we can take a tour -- Rose is on the phone and here's the cards for today -- I'm sorry. You want her right now? We're on the air in twenty minutes, Jimmy. How you doing? Slowly or quickly? Come home soon after the show. -- did she talk to you? Did you tell her? I love you. Bye. ...Hello...? uh...uh...What is it? Just a minute just a...I have  to get dressed -- (fuck,fuck,fuck) I hate doing this, coming here and not being able to talk -- I understand, it's fine --  I wish the circumstance was better. I don't know what's gonna happen, I really don't -- I'm so fucking,  I feel so over the top with everything. Mmm..Hmm.  Running out of your  medication at all, let alone at  a time like this could be drastic, I'm glad you came in to see me, as short as this has been -- Thank you Doctor Diane -- Pink Dot. Phone number. Partridge? What would you like? Mmm.Hmmm. mmm.hmm. Bottled Water? Ok. Yeah. Yeah. yeah. yeah, I said.  Is that it? Do you still want the peanut butter, bread and cigarettes ? Total is $15.29.  Thirty minutes or less. Do you still have to do homework? Do you have an agent, Stanley? You should get one, I'm serious,  you could get a lot of stuff out of this -- -- Richard. Commercials, a sitcom, an MOW or something. Movie Of The Week.  I went up for one this morning with Alan Thicke  and Corey Haim -- No.  But I probably will get a call back. I'll get it because I'm a good actress, Richard. C'mon guys, settle down -- What? Not enough, what do you want? Can you hold it? Just hold it, you'll be fine. Here they come --  Yeah, yeah, yeah, keep lookin' tough-old folks. No they don't -- We're not going out two days before  we set the record, it's not gonna happen. What the fuck is this, Jimmy? Did your wife find out? Then what? -- that you shouldn't have done?  That you regret, what? This? What's this? Fuck, man, c'mon.  Treat me  like an asshole, but treat me like an All your other fluzzies? You're making me feel so dirty and shitty. I feel like a big piece of shit right now. Are you gonna tell her what you've done? Will you say my name? Well can you do me one favor and don't do that. Come and tell me it's over and I'll walk away, Jimmy.  I've fucked you behind your wife's back for three  years, and you've fucked teenage girls behind mine for the same amount of  time -- I'll walk away, you need something for your life, for your conscience, but don't put me in the middle -- What happend to you? Are you ok? Burt.  You're a good one arentcha? I'm coming! Yeah. Hi. Hello. I'm sorry, I had to get dressed. Yes. Yes. No, what's wrong? For what? I'm sorry. Yes. Claudia. Wilson. What? Yeah, but I don't know -- No. I didn't realize it was that loud. Yeah. I don't know -- I mean.  What is this? No. Yes.  I had someone come to my door,  someone I didn't want here and I told them to leave -- so -- it's no big deal. They left.  I'm sorry. No. No. I was...he's gone...I mean it's not. It's over, y'know -- It's fine. What are you lookin' for? ok. About two years ago. Yeah. Yeah. I don't have a boyfriend. Hi. Thirty Seconds. Jesus Christ, Stanley. Julia's room is the same way. You should have seen what she had on walking out the door -- I said: "No. No. No.  We are not going to a fashion show.  You are going to school." -- It's not a fashion show, it's school. It is And...three...two...one.... Where are you from originally? the valley? And what did your parents do? Why does that sound silly? Does you mother still work? Are you close? What does she say about, "Seduce and Destroy." And your father? I'm sorry. I wouldn'tve asked -- And you ended up at UC Berkely -- Psychology major? Do you have your masters? In five years? mmmhmm. ...I don't.... You motherfucker...you motherfucker.... I COME IN HERE - YOU DON'T KNOW, And FUCK YOU TOO.  Don't you call me "lady." I come in with these things, I give it over to you, you doubt, you make your  phone calls, check on me, look suspicious, ask questions, "I'm sick." I HAVE SICKNESS And you went to Van Nuys High, right? Where does that name come from? It's not your given name, right? And "Frank?" Ok.  That's why.  I had trouble locating your school records at Berkely and UCLA. Your name change -- they had no official enrollment -- They wouldn't? Kind of. Yeah...it's not...it's been on for a bit -- -- do you wanna cup? I don't know how fresh it's gonna be -- You take cream or sugar? Yeah. I don't have a boyfriend. -- is not my boyfriend. It's not -- what's a 422? It's not my boyfriend -- and it's not anything -- it's over.  Really. It's not.  He won't came back. You won't.  You won't have to. I'm gonna run to the bathroom real quick. Are you alright? Stanley, what's the problem? Jesus Christ, Stanley, you can't  go to the bathroom now.  You have exactly one minute before we're back on the air, this is NOT the time to go to the bathroom. Watch your mouth, little man. Why don't you mind your own bussiness? Alright, stop it, cool down, cool it. Please. Now: Stanley, you wait until the next commercial break and you can go then -- Just Hold It. Don't taunt the kids -- Don't start trouble, Luis. Two minutes, everyone, we're back in two! I'm Linda Partridge to see Alan Kligman. "Seduce and Destroy," thisz Janet. What's wrong? -- no,no,no what is this? who? What's this guy's name? ...mmm.hmmm.  mmm..hmm.  Alright. Put him through and lemme see what's goin' on -- Hello? Hello, Phil. ...Jimmy... -- yeah.... Oh, yeah...yeah... Well I guess the question is this: Do you remember Miss Simms? No...I just...(starts crying a bit) I'm so fucked up here Alan, I don't  know...there's so much...so many things -- If I talk to you...y'know...if I tell  you things...then you're a lawyer, right?  You can't say things, you can't tell anyone, it's like the privelage, right?  Attornery-client, you understand? Like a shrink, like if I go to see a shrink, I'm protected, I can say  things -- fuck -- I don't know what I'm doing -- -- I have something to tell you. I have to tell you something.  I want to change his will, can I change his will?...I need to --- No, no....no, you see...I never loved him. I never loved him, Earl.  When I started, when I met him, I met him and I fucked him and I married him because I wanted his money, do you understand?  I'm telling you this now...this I've never  told anyone...I didn't love him. And now....I know I'm in that will, I know, I was there with him, we were all there together when we made that fucking thing and all the money I'II  get -- I don't want it -- Because I love him so much now...I've fallen in love  with him now, for real, as he's dying,  and I look at him and he's about to go, Alan, he's dead...he's moments...  I took care of him through this, Alan. And What Now Then? Well: That would be General Robert  E. Lee.  His wife Mary Park Custiss.  And he did have seven children and he  would be talking about Pope, who he defeated at the Battle of Monasses -- Well that would be Napoleon speaking to Josephine. I don't want him to die, I didn't love him  when we met, and I've done so many bad things to him that he doesn't know, things I want  to confess to him, but now I do: I love him. I love him so much and I can't stand -- he's going. This is not any fucking medication  talking, this isn't -- I don't know.  I don't know -- Can you give me nothing?  You have power of attorney, can you see him,  can you, in this final fucking moment, go see him and make sure --- change the fucking  will -- I don't want any money, I couldn't live with myself, this thing I've done -- I've fucking done so many bad things --  I fucked around.  I fucked around on him,  I fucking cheated on him, Alan. You're his lawyer, our laywer, THERE, I'm his wife, we are married. I broke the conract of marriage, I fucking cheated on him, many times over, I sucked  other men's cocks and fuck - fuck - fuck -  Other Things I've Done.. I can't. Where will the money go? What does that mean? -- that can't happen.  Earl doesn't want him to have the money, the things. This is so over-the-top and fucked-up I can hardly stand it. Shut the fuck up. Shut the fuck up. Shut the fuck up. Now you must really shut the fuck up, please.  Shut The Fuck Up. I have to go. Shut the fuck up. What the fuck is wrong with him? What do you wanna do here, he's fading fast -- Ok, ok. I'm back. Thank you. What do you wanna talk about? What happend, what's going on? Don't tell me to go away, Stanley. I am the Co-ordinator in this show and you will answer the questions that I ask, you understand? What are we doing? --- yeah, yeah, I get in it in my ear.  It's TMJ is what it's called technically. Tempural-something-mandibular, thing with something, I dunno. But it affects my ear, I don't even know if I have TMJ exactly but just  very tight, like - it's like a muscle  spasm and it's just gets so clenched -- We were just gettin' warmed up. We were just getting started. If you're not here for a 422 -- I'm sorry. Yes.  I will.  It was nice to meet you Officer Jim. yeah, good, ok. Good bye. What is it?  Did you forget something? You wanna go on a date with me? Well...is that illegal? Then...I'd like to go...What do you want to do? Really? I thought you were flirting with me a little. Do you wanna go tonight?  I mean, are you working? Eight o'clock? Oh sure yes, that's fine, late dinners  are good.  Should I get dressed up or -- ? Billingsley's? It's my favorite place -- Great, bye. Doc it's Janet. I have to talk to Frank, is he nearby? I need you to interupt him, I need to get him on the phone with me right away -- Doc, go get Frank and put him on the phone. And...three...two...one --- It's gonna be me, Jimmy. You have to go, Stanley.  You're the smartest. Fine.  Phil, you still there? I wanna ask you one question, Phil: Have you talked to anyone else about this?  About Frank and Earl? Alright, good, I'd like to keep  it that way -- all the security and  what not, you understand?  This could be a delicate situation for Frank and the family -- Doc, just - don't, how close are you? Phil, hang in just one more minute ok?  I'm gonna put you on hold -- Doc  you still there? I have no idea. What the hell does he think he's doing? I'm sorry, Frank.  I didn't know  what you would want here, what you  would want me to do -- I'm -- I asked him all the right questions, he's his nurse, he's sitting right there with him and he's -- I mean,  I can hear him in the background -- your father -- I asked him the exact adress and he gave it -- I know that this must  be hard, you having to hear this -- I'm sorry. What are you doing? Hang up the phone. PUT THE FUCKIN' PHONE DOWN, HANG IT UP. You don't do that, you don't call him, you don't know to get involved in the bussiness of his, of his of BULLSHIT. BULLSHIT HE DIDN'T ASK YOU, Let's go, c'mon, get up -- I don't know, Richard, they need  to talk it over -- That's not an official rule. Let's all just settle down -- Richard, shut it and keep it down. listen...listen to me now, Phil:  I'm sorry, sorry I slapped your face.  ...because I don't know what I'm doing... ...I don't know how to do this, y'know?  You understand?  y'know?  I...I'm...I do things  and I fuck up and I fucked up....forgive me, ok? Can you just... Tell him I'm sorry, ok, yes, you do that,  now, I'm sorry, tell him, for all the things I've done...I fucked up and I'm sorry.... And I'm Gonna Turn Away And Walk Now And Not Look At Him Not See My Man, My Earl, I'll  leave now...and tell him it's ok and I'm ok.  The whole thing was ok with me -- and I know. I wanna confess what I've done. "..it's not what you thought when you  first began it...you got what you want.... now you can hardly stand it though by now  you know, it's not going to stop....." "...prepare a list of what you need  before you sign away the deed, 'cause it's not going to stop..." Donnie, oh, Donnie -- It'll take the pain away. We just do it...we do it and we figure it out and we do as we do, I guess... You're my handsome man. No.  No. You feel like you want to be forgiven for your sins?  Honey, you're not on  your death bed, yet....this kinda talk's gonna get you in trouble -- ...No...I don't hate you. Do you want talk...do you really  want to talk to me and say things  and get things figured out, Jimmy? The question isn't wether or not  you cheated on me, the question is  how many times have you cheated on me? Yeah. Did you ever go out with someone and just....lie....question after question, maybe you're trying to  make yourself look cool or better  than you are or whatever, or smarter  or cooler and you just -- not really lie, but maybe you just don't say everything -- So you've done it -- Why not? And I bet you say that to all the girls -- You wanna make a deal with me? What I just said...y'know, people  afraid to say things....no guts to  say the things that they...that are real or something... To not do that.  To not do that that we've maybe done -- before -- Ok.  I'll tell you everything and you tell me everything and maybe we can get through all the piss  and shit and lies that kill other people.... What? I'm sorry -- I didn't mean...it's seems vulgar or something, I know -- I'm sorry. No, I'm sorry.  I'm saying I'm sorry. I talk like a jerk sometimes -- I'm sorry. I'm gonna run to the bathroom for a minute...maybe just -- ok. How many times....it's ok...just say... Just say... I don't hate you, Jimmy.  But I have a couple questions that I wanna ask.... Was there anyone that I know? Who? hey. No one else that I know? How long with Ellen? How long with Paula? What about now? Is it over 'cause you're sick? Do you have any children with anyone? Well maybe. Do you feel better now that you've said this? I'm not mad.  I am, but I'm not.  Y'know? I'm not through asking my questions. Why doesn't Claudia talk to you, Jimmy? I think that you know. I wanted to do that. That felt good to do...to do what I wanted to do. Can I tell you something? I'm really nervous that you're  gonna hate me soon.  That you're gonna find stuff out about me and you're gonna hate me -- You're a police officer.  You have so much, so many good things and  you seem so together...so all straight and put together without problems. What? Oh my god, Jim. Jim, that was so -- That was so great what you just said. You don't how fuckin' stupid I am. You don't know how crazy I am. I've got troubles. Ohhhh I started this, didn't I, didn't I, didn't I, fuck. Wanna kiss me, Jim? ...say it, Jimmy... I'm asking you.  I'm asking you  if you know why Clauida will not  speak to you....please, Jimmy....tell me. Did you ever touch her? Jimmy, did you touch her? ...Jimmy... But you can't say.... Yes you do....you do and you won't say. You deserve to die alone for what you've done. Yes you do. No. You should know better. ....now that I've met you.... Would you object to never seeing me again? Just say no. Let me go, leave me, let me go, it's ok, please. just let me walk out, ok? HONEY, HONEY, CLAUDIA. IT'S ME. I killed him.  I killed my husband.  He hit my son and he hit my grandson and I hit him.  I hit him with the ashtray and he was knocked out and I killed him, I strangled him.  I strangled my husband  to protect my boys.  I protected my boys. 