Paint is rust and moss green. Medieval colors -- Daddy's like an old knight. A Florist stops her. What about it? Freesia, freesia, everywhere.  Daddy loves freesia -- and you, over there, lights.  Not too bright.  I'm looking for a saffron glow -- sort of tea- dance twenties. It's going to be beautiful.  And Miss Allison says the President may come. (smiling) What? Parrish grins, continues on, is intercepted by Allison who, on catching sight of him, bounces in from the terrace. Daddy! Have you got a minute? Fireworks.  Update -- we're con- structing the number '65' on the barge, archers from the State College at New Paltz will shoot flaming arrows at it, when it catches fire it will give us the effect of a Viking funeral with none of the morbidity... The Hudson River Authority says, for you, they'll make a special dispensation - of course there'll be an overtime bill for the Poughkeepsie Fire Dept... But it's your birthday. Parrish smiles complaisantly, they continue on into a break- fast room where SUSAN, 30, Parrish's younger daughter, is grazing at a table laden with cereals and fruits and coffee. Good morning, Dad. (to Susan) I'm Allison, you're 'honey'. (smiling) Drew called from the AStar, they're still two minutes away. He wanted to ride back down with you. Now sit and relax, get some- thing in that flat tummy of yours -- But Parrish only pours coffee. SUSAN (cont'd) (to Allison) You coming? You've got patients waiting, I've got three hysterical chefs, one loves truffles, the other hates truffles, the third one doesn't know what truffles are.  I'd better drive down. Parrish gazes at the going-on outside which are increasing in intensity. Calm down, Daddy, you'll see, you're going to love it. No. Allison goes, Susan observes Parrish fidgeting. Will you relax?  I know it is a big deal day -- Drew told me. I hope so. Yeah.  I guess so. A moment. ...Then don't. The helicopter CHOPS in overhead. SUSAN (cont'd) -- Here comes our boy now -- Shall we? Quince!  Everybody's waiting! Quince downs this glass too, runs for the helicopter as DREW, 34, a young man going places, emerges from it, approaches Parrish and Susan. Hi. Drew kisses her, over her shoulder he glances at Parrish. (to Quince) Honey, please. Remember everybody, tonight, dinner in the city at Daddy's.  You too, Drew.  We've still got some loose ends -- You're only six-five once. I thought you were in a meeting--? ...There's a start for a meeting. No, it's none of your business. Another moment. You mean like you loved Mom? Probably. A moment. Uh oh -- And I'm your daughter and no man will ever be good enough for me. What were you going to say? So what's wrong with that? You're not listening -- Don't get dirty, Dad -- That's all? 'Be deliriously happy'.  I'm going to do my upmost -- He smiles. Bravo. I'm sorry.  But give it to me again. The short version. I won't.  And when I tell Drew about it, he won't either. You're terrible. Thank God. Daddy, what's the matter? What is it, Daddy --? (to Parrish) Are you okay? Well, go get 'em, Pops. Not at all.  It was fascinating. You and 'Honey'? I'm sorry -- What's the way? I agree -- I was just being agreeable, now I've got to explain why? So you're a one-girl guy? How'd you know? Me?  Internal medicine. The Young Man smiles. I could be her. Yes, I could. (a moment) I have an office in the hospital. Not at all. I've got patients coming in -- Good morning, Mr. Parrish. I've been buzzing you, Mr. Parrish. Are you all right? Lunch is 'in' today, have you given it any thought --_ Nothing? Parrish is within himself, doesn't answer. JENIFER (cont'd) Why don't I think of something? Parrish still doesn't answer, however Jennifer is satisfied, correctly hearing his silence as an affirmative.  She has her hand on the door, 'Open' or 'Closed'?  He nods and she closes it. Utter silence again.  Parrish's eyes search the room, nothing there. 'Pro bono'.  That means doing good -- Going to be doing good all your life? You'd give up what you want for the woman you marry? You'll have a hard time finding a woman like that these days -- I've got to go -- No, it was so right it scares me. Why? Sure, I'll give you the name of a doctor. (a moment) ...And I don't want to examine you. Because I like you so much.  Now I've got to go. She hurries away down the sidewalk, the Young Man watching her.  Now he turns and starts off in the opposite direction. ...Music, I know how you love music, Daddy, and I want to have music that pleases you -- and of course doesn't put a thousand other people to sleep -- I've agonized over this and finally settled on Sidney Brown, twenty-four men, very eclectic, plus I'm feathering in a Latin sextet on their breaks - Tito Puente, Trini Lopez-zy, I forget their names -- Parrish has tuned Allison out, he tried to stay with it, but his mind has wandered, the event of the day too much with him. ALLISON (cont'd) You haven't heard a word, have you? I keep talking and all you do is nod like Mr. Himmelfass in The Nutcracker. Parrish still doesn't answer. ALLISON (cont'd) You don't care, do you? I lay awake nights in a cold sweat, I want this party to be like some- thing Mom would have made for you, I want it to be perfect -- And you could care less -- Good.  Songs.  What songs should Sidney -- Pancho and his six men we can forget about -- what songs do you think he should play? A stab of pain, Parrish discreetly grabs his upper arm but manages to keep his attention on Allison. (to Parrish) Never mind.  Leave it to me. Parrish ignores her, his attention has been taken by the Voice.  His eyelids flutter, nonplused, edgy and fearful. Mr. Parrish, dinner is served. (to Quince and Drew,  across the room) Chow-time, you guys. Parrish is confounded.  Blindly and disconcerted, he follows Allison and Drew and Quince. (to Drew) Did you speak to the Governor? His wife? I didn't hear a ring, sir. (to Quince) What about the Mayor? Please don't be negative, Drew, we have an acceptance list that would do The White House proud -- The Secretary-General of the UN, the Chairman of the FCC, nine Senators, I don't know how many Congressmen, and at least twelve of the Fortune You're right, Mr. Parrish.  There was a gentleman at the door.  He's waiting for you in the foyer. Parrish is stunned. I've arranged for favors -- silver charm bracelets for the women, platinum keychains for the men -- all engraved 'W.P.' -- but now I'm thinking of scrubbing them, they seem so ordinary. Finally Parrish rises from the table, starts out. ALLISON (cont'd) Are they ordinary?  Do they seem that way to you, Daddy? Mr. Parrish? Parrish does not hear her for the moment, Luisa steps inside the Library. LUISA (cont'd) Will the gentleman be staying for dinner, sir? Parrish ignores her at first, finally he looks at Luisa then at the Young Man, then once more at both of them as if to verify the Young Man's presence has been acknowledged by Luisa.  The Young Man interjects: ...Well, here's another possibility. It's a little last minute, but how does this strike you?  Kaleidoscopes. Little gold kaleidoscopes.  Some German firm went kerplunkt, Tiffany's picked these things up, they're perfect party favors, however they're not personal, they're winter scene or something, snow-flakes and dachshunds... Parrish and the Young Man appear at the table, an awkward pause ensues, the unannounced guest's presence at a family dinner being noted, and the guest himself carefully survey- ed.  Finally, Allison breaks the ice: ALLISON (cont'd) (to the Young Man) Hi there -- (to the Young Man) Hello, how nice to meet you.  And wouldn't it be nicer if my father would introduce you? (prompting) Daddy.  Does your friend have a name? Daddy!  Come on, a name. Joe... Parrish once more drifts into silence.  (The YOUNG MAN is now identified as "JOE".) Love that name. Whew, at last.  Nice to meet you, Mr. Black. (to Joe) Paillarde of veal. Honey --! Hi, everybody.  Sorry to be late - had to have dinner with my depart- ment chief -- You ate? ...I'm here, aren't I?  Wouldn't miss a loose end meeting.  What's on the table for discussion?  Party favors, flowers -- hi Dad, hi Drew -- She kisses Drew in some light, humorous way they have ob- viously done before, their heads bobbing like plastic water toys and their lips meeting mid-air. At the kiss's conclusion Susan suddenly notices Joe is present and has been watching.  She is shocked, embarrassed, pleased, conflicted, an instant and wide spectrum of emotions. SUSAN (cont'd) What are you doing here? Silence. (lightly) We've met. -- This morning.  The Corinth Coffee Shop.  He was looking for a doctor. That's your name? And isn't it a lovely one?  So sturdy, so straight -- Joe has heard Susan's question but, as he studies her, doesn't answer. In this house? Incidentally, 'Joe' what? So, what are you doing here? Parrish tenses, but Joe doesn't answer. SUSAN (cont'd) Cat got your tongue?  You weren't so silent this morning. Drew reacts to this allusion of intimacy. Now, I'm getting interested.  I want to know more --- What 'business'? Funny, I don't get that feeling. Maybe it's because you found out I'm Bill Parrish's daughter. He's cute. ...Miss Allison asked if you would like to have your dinner kept warm? Very good, sir. Luisa turns: Certainly, sir. Luisa nods, and heads back downstairs.  Parrish enters his den, takes a seat in his chair, stares into the middle distance, ruminates. What are you doing here? -- Can't seem to escape you today. Hand me one of those, will you? Joe turns to the towels, but one hand is occupied with the spoonful of peanut butter, he shifts it to the other hand, can't manage the huge Turkish towel one-handed, now implants the spoon in his mouth, lifts the towel with both hands and presents it to Susan. SUSAN (cont'd) You must have something really big going on with my father -- You appear at his side out-of-the- blue, stay at his house, eat dinner with his family, it's practically a first.  You're in the red-hot center of big business and I thought you were a regular Joe. Not the one I met this morning, hit- ting on me in as nice a way as I've been hit on in a long time, but the moment you find out I'm my Dad's daughter, you act like a stranger. What are your intentions?  To make little dreams in coffee shops, turn a woman's head, and I don't mind admitting it was turned, I liked it, but ten hours later I feel like a fool.  I don't get it.  You, my father, here in this house, the cof- fee shop, it's making me upset, and I don't like being upset.  Who are you anyway?  And what are you eating? You act like you never had peanut butter before -- -- What kind of childhood did you have? Come again? Drew is none of your damn business. Nor is where I put my mouth. No, Joe, I'm swimming here.  Then I'm going home. I've got plenty of friends. I can see why. She finishes drying herself, drops the towel on a chair, and prepares to leave. Yes --? I'm sorry to say I know what you're saying. A moment. Yes? Goodnight, Joe. Shall we dance? Joe is completely puzzled, finally Susan heads for one door, Joe for another. SUSAN (cont'd) Joe -- I think you want to go to the west wing.  Through there. Susan indicates yet another door. Didn't the family get together last night --? Of course, Mr. Parrish.  Right away. Jennifer wheels and heads right back to the office as Parrish arrives at the door to the Board Room. Why don't we let it rest for the moment?  Give it some air? Yes, sir? Joe -- Why did you come here? Joe doesn't have an answer. SUSAN (cont'd) Are you ill? Then why are you here, Joe? I don't have any time to see you now.  I'm doing grand rounds and then I'm examining back-to-back patients until dinner and then -- Watch me do what? That's impossible.  I'm a doctor, I'm -- Patients have visitors, not doctors. (urgently) Miss?  Miss Doctor? (gently) Just a minute, please. Please.  My momma's sicker'n he is. Easter looks up and sees Joe.  She abruptly becomes still, eyes wide, as if sudden recognition. Obeah. No, Momma. But Easter just stares at Joe, fearful. Obeah mon.  I gonna die. Momma, stop it. Is just a man. Joe looks at Easter, curiously. (to Teena) What's obeah? Bad spirit.  She just all fever, she don' mean nothin'.  Please help us? Have you filled out the insurance forms? Teena shakes her hand anxiously.  Joe leans forward to Easter and speaks softly in perfect, lilting West Indian dialect. Don' leave!? (pleading) Momma. Susan leads Teena away.  Easter is riveted on Joe. (with certainty) Obeah. What you then? You wait here'n to take us?  Like you bus driver to dere? (looks around, dubious) Some spot you pick. She winces with pain, gasping. EASTER (cont'd) Pain is bad. Make it go 'way. Not dis pain.  Dis pain tru an' tru. Make it go 'way. (adamant, pleading) Can, mistah.  Take me to dat nex' place. Joe regards Easter, a long moment. Make it time. Joe shakes his head, a firm no.  But when he looks and speaks to Easter again, it is with concern and even regret. (to Joe) Please... Come now, Momma. Easter is helped into the wheelchair.  She looks pleadingly at Joe.  The Orderly starts to wheel her away.  Joe stays him, putting his hand on Easter's arm. (to Teena) Go with her.  I'll be right there. Teena goes.  Joe remains his normal voice. Yes. Susan regards Joe, puzzled. SUSAN (cont'd) Have you spent a lot of time in the islands? Don't apologize.  There's nothing to be sorry for -- every hospital should have someone like you. Silence. SUSAN (cont'd) Well...I'm glad you came. Yes. She doesn't move, they search for words. Joe, I'm with Drew. I have to go, I'm sorry to say -- Yes.  Well...thank you, Joe. Susan turns to go, hesitates. (to Susan) ...We're never all together two nights in a row.  Maybe Christmas, Thanksgiving, that's it.  What's going on? Nothing's going on.  Maybe he doesn't want to be alone.  He's go- ing to be sixty-five in a minute -- ...I don't know, Daddy seems funny to me.  Ever since Joe showed.  It's like he dropped from the clouds... Drew enters.  He nuzzles Susan's neck, out of the corner of her eye she sees Joe still observing them. ALLISON (cont'd) ...When Daddy walked in with him, he couldn't even remember his name.  Now he's his house guest.  And you know how he hates house guests.  What is going on? Drew, whose eyes have also been on Joe across the room, turns back. -- But he does seem very nice. You think so? (to Parrish) Did you know twenty-six members of your rifle company are coming? From the Korean War. Whatever it was, they'll be here. We sent out invitations to everyone, plane tickets included -- the RSVP's are amazing.  A few of them we didn't hear from, and some of them are dead, of course -- (a moment) You know, we're going to give this party for you whether you like it or not. (resignedly) That's okay, Daddy. I thought you said 'Be sorry for nothing'. It wasn't an intrusion.  And if it was, it turned out to be welcome. Excuse me? And I appreciate you, too. A moment between them. Dinner's ready, everybody! A BUZZ as Coyle opens the doors to the dining room and the family files in, Drew lingering behind with Joe. Look who's talking. (a laugh) Yeah, speak for yourself. It'll come back, Daddy. (tentatively) Daddy, you could sit down if you wanted to. A moment. Dinner?  Again? Haven't you had enough of us, Dad? We'll be here. With bells on. The guests try to return to their food, Susan is the most concerned about Parrish's lapse, she does not say anything but Drew next to her senses her empathy and, in something of a display, gives her a pro forma hug.  Joe has observed every instant of Drew's performance, his anxiety is palpable when Coyle leans over to serve him, offering a tray of a roast that has been carved. Why do you love peanut butter so much? I adore things like that....food I can't do without.  Don't you? Joe is locked on Susan, it is as if there is nobody else in the room. It comforts you, doesn't it? I am, too. We're doing what we can for her. But it doesn't look good. Joe visited the hospital today. Parrish's head swivels to Joe. Did he?  That's more than we get to do. ...See you tomorrow night. You don't mean that.  You wouldn't disappoint Daddy -- Drew, you're out of line. Sorry, but I like the way he looks and talks to me.  And vice versa. Okay? Well... goodnight. How long have you been standing there? Tell me about yourself, Joe.  Who you are.  What you're doing with my father. Susan's directness has caught him by surprise, Joe blinks. SUSAN (cont'd) So you're not going to tell me? Joe remains silent, rendered extremely anxious by Susan's inquiries. SUSAN (cont'd) You're married, aren't you? Because guys who never say anything about themselves are always married. Joe doesn't respond. SUSAN (cont'd) So you are married. Girlfriend? Gay? Then tell me, Joe, how come a man as attractive, intelligent, well- spoken ,diffident in the most sed- uctive way, and yet powerful, is all alone in this world? Joe tries to respond but he can't, his stammer interrupted by Susan. SUSAN (cont'd) I'm sorry, I don't want to pry and you don't want to tell me.  So let's leave it a mystery.  That's the way you want it, isn't it? Susan takes another step closer to Joe. Where are you going? (suddenly fragile) 'To bed'? Yeah, it's good to get together. Raise away. Well, remember how you told me about "lightning striking"?  The nature of it's in there somewhere. Parrish drops another cube of ice in his drink, takes his time before answering. Then what will you say? Now we love Drew and Joe in verbo- ten?  What's going on? When you say 'nothing' that way, it's not nothing. It's something. She kisses him. SUSAN (cont'd) G'night, Daddy.  See you tomorrow. This is getting interesting. She goes. And what would that be? You're taking this too far, Drew. You're building this thing up too much, Drew.  He's had advisors be- fore.  Nobody tells Bill what to do. The door opens and Felicia enters followed by Quince, sur- prised at seeing a convened Board, but still he is all smiles. Hello, Quince. (acidly) This is a secret meeting. Annie made them. From La Rosette, only the greatest pastry chef in America. (pointing) This is orange, from real Seville oranges.  Lemon, on a mille-feuille crust, a little on the fanciful. And a while, nothing like a good old white cake, vanilla, with Angel food but some maroons shavings thrown in. It's for the party, Dad -- 'Goddam party'! Allison bursts into tears. ALLISON (cont'd) (to Quince) Did you hear that? Quince quickly slashes a piece, takes a huge bite. I knew you were going to say that. Tito Puente.  The old platoon.  Now the cake.  You just don't care.  Why did I do this?  I should have my head examined.  I'm trying to throw the party for the century for my father - and you know what -- he doesn't give a shit. She bursts into tears all over again. Yeah, but -- What will I tell Annie? Parrish forks a bit of a cake. Drew! He stops. SUSAN (cont'd) Never talk to my father like that again. (to Drew) Why don't you get off his case? That's it.  It's over.  Get out. (to Drew) I said get out. Now Drew wheels, heads right for the front door and exits with a SLAM. I'm sorry about -- No.  We don't. They drift, osmotically, into the library in awkward silence. SUSAN (cont'd) Brave you had a chance to look at Dad's rare books?  Jefferson's Parliamentary Manual, a first edition Bleak House -- Joe comes closer, takes a deep breath. -- I guess you haven't. Now Susan, close to Joe, leans closer, her nose in Joe's neck.  Joe holds himself very still. SUSAN (cont'd) I like your smell, too. It was everything. Silence, the TICKING of the clock. SUSAN (cont'd) When I was little, my mother used to say, "Darling, you could set your heart by this clock". Never tried, 'til now. (suddenly) Joe, may I kiss you? You're welcome. Susan reaches out for Joe, they kiss, he is awkward but his very awkwardness endearing.  Susan pulls him closer, they linger now, mouths on each other's, then separate. SUSAN (cont'd) Thank you. Joe? The apprehensive expression on Joe's face fades away. I don't know who you are. And is your heart beating strangely? I have to go home. But neither Susan nor Joe moves. SUSAN (cont'd) Don't I? Her question makes Joe, almost involuntarily, smile.  Susan takes the opportunity to step back from him.  The SOUND of someone at the door, it is Parrish, Susan turns, comprehends immediately how the situation will appear to him. Goodnight, Daddy. She drifts right past him, exits.  Joe and Parrish are left alone now, eyes on each other's. Good morning, Mr. Parrish. The Board is waiting. Didn't you call a Board meeting? Jennifer sees Parrish is trying to right his balance, she knows better than to press the point. JENIFER (cont'd) Yes, the members are waiting.  They are in the Board room now. Jennifer nods respectfully as Parrish doesn't cast a flicker of any further surprise, heads straight for the Board room, Joe right beside him. We're not getting anywhere here. Why don't we take some of the best out of this thing, let's consider it coolly, let's take a week -- He'll wait -- (to Parrish) ...It's not over, 'til it's over. I still sense some doubt in this group, we could turn it around. You'll be up in the country? I'm going to stick it out here.  We still have a shot. The elevator door opens, Parrish and Joe step inside and the door closes, leaving Sloane behind. You're here? I just thought I'd drop by, scrounge a little lunch, I was in the neigh- borhood -- Just throw it on the chair. Joe holds her coat carefully on the chair.  An awkward moment, the two of them shifting from foot-to-foot. SUSAN (cont'd) When I called, they said that you and Daddy had just left the office. He must be tired -- this Bontecou thing -- No, not anymore.  Are you? Joe hears the question but doesn't answer, sits down on the couch beside her. SUSAN (cont'd) (after a moment) Are you cold? Maybe it's the draft through the door. She gets up, closes the door, sits back down again next to Joe.  A warm, awkward silence, they move closer to each other, now they fall into a foreplay which Susan recognizes as such, Joe, on the other hand, participates hungrily but has no knowledge where it is leading.  His movements are instinctive, the smell of her hair, the shape of her fin- gers, odd things about her seem to interest him.  This excites her because she senses his untutoredness and the very sense of that stirs her, their reactions to each other are intuitive and spontaneous; even though Joe has no know- ledge of how to make love to a woman, ironically his actions are such that they never beg the question -- has he done it before. Strange territory for Joe, not to be 'in control' and exert- ing his power, but his inventions and responses in lovemak- ing are so real that an emotional exchange between he and Susan builds.  Joe has found himself in an unexplored land of feeling and passion, he loves what is happening and yet at the same time, is terrified by it.  He feels himself being lured by some power he has not only never been aware of, but is deeply dangerous to partake of; he knows what he is doing is putting who he is at great risk, yet he goes right on. The powerful contradiction is transmitted to Susan, and in the end there is the knowledge they have together made a journey, they both have been swept away in a stream of events they have created; and they don't care about the consequences. Spent, they lie in silence.  Finally Susan speaks: It's so wonderful to make love to you.  It's like making love to some- one who has never made love before. Joe senses an opportunity not only to admit to what she has said, but to tell her more, even the truth about himself. He weighs, then resists, the impulse. Did you like making love to me? More than you love peanut butter? Where are you going? For how long? Me, too. Another moment. It will come to us. Mistah Bad News.  'Bout time you show up. Joe speaks to her in the dialect. None facety, mistah.  You come for me?  Dat's good news. Doctor?  What could be wrong wit' you? Oh, you come to see Doctor Lady? My Doctor Lady? You in love? Joe seems slightly tormented by the question, Easter senses him trying to frame a respect. You loved back? She knows you real self? (scoffing) Rass! Schoolboy tings is you head. Badness for you, badness for her, badness for me, lyin' here tumor, big as breadfruit, poison my inners an' waiting. (stubbornly) Only flowers I wan' see's one's over my peaceful self restin' in the dutty. You not in you right place, mistah. Easter's response stops Joe cold, he looks away and then back at her, she had clearly reached him. EASTER (cont'd) I ain' either.  No more.  You come wi' me now.  Take me. It nice it happen to you.  It like you came to Cat Island and you had a holiday, sun didn't burn you red, just brown, sleep no mosquito eat you, rum no poung you head nex' day. But trut' is, dat bound to happen, you stay long enough.  So tak dat nice picture home wi' you, but don' be fooled.  We lonely here mostly, too.  If we lucky, we got some nice pictures. Easter drifts into silence, her eyes and Joe's meet, a sense they understand each other.  Easter shifts, trying hard to ease her discomfort. Where's Joe? Where is he? Because I was sitting in a staff meeting, incredibly bored, my mind kept wandering and the only place it landed was -- Joe. Love.  Passion.  Obsession, all those things you told me to wait for.  Well, they've arrived. Parrish blinks, stares down at his cards. Why?  A man appears at your side, almost never leaves it, you clearly trust him, depend on him, I sense you value him deeply, why aren't those things good enough for me? What are you afraid of, Dad?  That I'll fall head over heels for Joe -- well, I have -- as you did with Mom. (a moment) That's always been standard, whether you like or not. Parrish tries to get hold of himself, changes gear now. Where's he going? C'mon!  The guy's working with you. You always know chapter and verse about everyone who works -- I love him. Of course not, Daddy.  I'm sorry. There is something in Susan's tone that lets him know not a word has sunk in.  Parrish slumps. SUSAN (cont'd) I love you, too. She kisses Parrish, rearranges one of his ranks of cards, shuffles through the deck, turns over the top card, lays down a card Parrish needs. SUSAN (cont'd) Lightning does strike. Parrish watches as Susan turns, disappears out the door. (to Parrish) Telephone call, sir.  Mr. Sloane from New York. Parrish nods, starts up for a wing off the main house, Joe right at his side.  Parrish stops. (speakerphone) Yeah - Bill - How are you?  You okay? (speakerphone) The Board's working through the weekend, trying up the loose ends this damn thing.  But I want to give it one more try, I'm still holding out some hope. (speakerphone) No, I'm going to stay down here, keep my finger in the dike and maybe by Monday, the waters could recede. (speakerphone) Sorry, Bill, have a drink, eat your cake, blow out the candles and make a wish.  Talk to you Monday.  Okay? Hi, Daddy, what do you think? The fountain is the Caspian Sea and the Sea is serving up caviar.  The 'B's for Beluga, the 'P' for Petrossian.  Of course, they also stand for 'Bill' and for 'Parrish'. -- Plus we've got a baritone with a balalaika coming from The Russian Tea Room.  I've dressed him in a Cossack shirt and he'll sing Nelson Eddy songs. Parrish shakes his head. I do it because I love you.  Because everybody I loved you.  Mommy -- wher- ever she is -- Susan, Quince, the people who work for you, everybody who's ever known you. They respect you.  Isn't that a kind of love? Unexpectedly, Allison brushes a lock away from Parrish's forehead, with a flick she has rearranged his hair, he blinks, a little embarrassed, but having liked it. ALLISON (cont'd) Above all, you've been a wonderful father. That you've been to Susan? But that's what you were thinking. And that's okay.  Because I know you love me.  Not like it is with Susan, the way your eyes light up when she comes in the room and the way she always gets a laugh out of you, as opposed to me when I walk in a room and that look comes over your face, "What does she want now?" A weather-beaten military parade ground pennant passes, 24th Infantry Regiment  "C" (Charlie) Company. ALLISON (cont'd) I already feel I've had everything I could have wanted for my birthday -- (gently) Yes, it is. Allison wades into the maelstrom now, Parrish watches her go, swarms of purveyors and caterers following her. I like you in a black tie. It beats a surgical, doesn't it? He smiles. SUSAN (cont'd) Daddy told me you might be leaving? Where are you going? Joe attempts to answer, but nothing comes out. SUSAN (cont'd) You won't tell me? And you can't tell me who you are. Again the same indescribable gesture from Joe. SUSAN (cont'd) I'm in love with a man, I don't know who he is, where he's going or when. It gets worse. Then don't. A moment. We know all that we need to know -- Don't.  That will come later. Lightning struck.  We caught it in a bottle.  Don't let it out.  I want to be with you, Joe -- Another moment. 'Love will find out the way'. It's a saying. Yes, that's why I said it. They are on the brink of some decision, Joe is about to make some declaration when Allison is heard -- There you are! Allison appears. ALLISON (cont'd) What's going on here?  Tete-a-tetes on my big night? (to Susan) C'mon honey, you're needed. (to Joe) Can it wait? But before he can answer -- ALLISON (cont'd) Glad to hear it! (to Susan) Let's go. She takes Susan's arm and marches her off, Joe, in thrall, watches them go as the MUSIC erupts behind them, as 'up' dance tune, a lilting, catchy melody envelops them all.  The curtain has risen on William Parrish's 65th birthday party. Yeah, well -- I can tell you guys got business -- Hello, Joe.  What'd you know? She smiles. SUSAN (cont'd) There's something so indescribably sexy about you in a crowd.  I could make love to you right here. He hesitates, reaches out to take her hand, studies it. SUSAN (cont'd) If you're going to tell my future, you're on the wrong side. A moment. But you can't. Joe is about to respond but doesn't. SUSAN (cont'd) Just then -- when you hesitated -- the way you shift from foot-to-foot, I've always found endearing but just now -- I got a chill. But he drifts again, now she takes his hand. SUSAN (cont'd) Remember that morning in the coffee shop?  You said 'What's wrong with taking care of a woman, she takes care of you --" And I said you'd have a hard time finding a woman like that. Joe shifts, she smiles at his embarrasement. SUSAN (cont'd) Well, you've found one, Joe. -- That was the place... and you were the guy. Joe seems resigned now, the air gone out of him. SUSAN (cont'd) And you said you didn't want me to be your doctor because you didn't want me to examine you --? (a moment) Well, I got to examine you after all -- Joe blinks, at a loss. SUSAN (cont'd) I could come with you -- You want me to wait for you, you'll be back -- Joe doesn't answer, Susan is suddenly anxious. SUSAN (cont'd) Why do I want this night to last forever? You said before you couldn't tell me who or where, only the 'when' -- Is when now? A moment. That felt like a goodbye. Joe's silence is heavy. SUSAN (cont'd) What's going on, Joe?  I feel like we're lifting off -- But you're not.  You're somewhere else. (a moment) You're someone else -- Joe is struggling with a response, finally, inevitably, he drifts into a long silence.  Susan is beside herself, her emotions tossed in every direction, Joe steadies her. Tell me you love me -- tell me you love me now -- Hold me -- He holds on tight to her.  They are desperately entwined until finally she releases him. -- Yes? At home, sir --? (speakerphone) We're all here, Bill -- (speakerphone) We're all ears. Drew enters with Quince, Quince nods, excusing himself, and closes the door behind him. You're meeting with the Board right now, Drew.  Resignation accepted. Moreover, I propose a motion to re- confirm William Parrish as Chairman of the Board of Parrish Communica- tions as well as a rejection of the merger with Bontecou International. How say you, Board? A chorus of thunderous "Yes"es resounds through the But we want you back, Bill.  Mean- while, enjoy your party, celebrate, we'll attend to the nasty details. And Mr. Black, may we say thank you. Daddy!  We've been looking all over for you - this is your party - what are you doing in here?  Never mind. You're on.  Let's go. She pulls him out of his chair, hustles him out of the room, Joe right behind them. What a night. You were right about Joe, he is going somewhere -- Are you relieved? But what? Daddy -- I love you, Daddy -- 'No regrets'. A long silence, Susan smiles. Everybody's saying goodbye... They regard each other, a long pause, they have reached an understanding. Oh, yes -- He starts to lead her to the floor, immediately stops. Oh, Dad, you're not old.  You'll never be old. He takes her in his arms and they dance away. The fireworks are about to start. Parrish looks up, sees Joe up on the terrace, waiting. SUSAN (cont'd) (to Parrish) Shall we? Joe...? He smiles quizzically, hasn't quite heard her, stands right in front of her, loose, smiling, disoriented and yet so appealing.  They are riveted on each other, uneasy and yet close. SUSAN (cont'd) You're here... He is trying to get his bearings. Where did you go? Joe shrugs, scratches his head endearingly, uncertain of time and place. (gently) That's it? You think so? The coffee shop -- The Young Man nods, pleased with her recognition. What has --? He hesitates. No -- I said I liked you so much. She falls silent now, overcome by the last moments' revelations.  The Young Man senses her discomfort which is on the edge of pain. ...We know so little about each other. I wish you could've known my father... Another moment. ...What do we do now? A long silence. 