Dinner? Again? Yeah, speak for yourself. -- But he does seem very nice. ...I don't know, Daddy seems funny to me. Ever since Joe showed. It's like he dropped from the clouds... ...We're never all together two nights in a row. Maybe Christmas, Thanksgiving, that's it. What's going on? And isn't it a lovely one? So sturdy, so straight -- You ate? I'm Allison, you're 'honey'. Did he? That's more than we get to do. He's cute. Love that name. Daddy! Come on, a name. His wife? Did you speak to the Governor? Yes, it is. But that's what you were thinking. And that's okay. Because I know you love me. Not like it is with Susan, the way your eyes light up when she comes in the room and the way she always gets a laugh out of you, as opposed to me when I walk in a room and that look comes over your face, "What does she want now?" That you've been to Susan? They respect you. Isn't that a kind of love? I do it because I love you. Because everybody I loved you. Mommy -- wher- ever she is -- Susan, Quince, the people who work for you, everybody who's ever known you. -- Plus we've got a baritone with a balalaika coming from The Russian Tea Room. I've dressed him in a Cossack shirt and he'll sing Nelson Eddy songs. The fountain is the Caspian Sea and the Sea is serving up caviar. The 'B's for Beluga, the 'P' for Petrossian. Of course, they also stand for 'Bill' and for 'Parrish'. Hi, Daddy, what do you think? 'Goddam party'! It's for the party, Dad -- From La Rosette, only the greatest pastry chef in America. This is orange, from real Seville oranges. Lemon, on a mille-feuille crust, a little on the fanciful. And a while, nothing like a good old white cake, vanilla, with Angel food but some maroons shavings thrown in. Annie made them. That's okay, Daddy. You know, we're going to give this party for you whether you like it or not. Whatever it was, they'll be here. We sent out invitations to everyone, plane tickets included -- the RSVP's are amazing. A few of them we didn't hear from, and some of them are dead, of course -- From the Korean War. Did you know twenty-six members of your rifle company are coming? Now, I'm getting interested. I want to know more --- Whew, at last. Nice to meet you, Mr. Black. Daddy. Does your friend have a name? Good. Songs. What songs should Sidney -- Pancho and his six men we can forget about -- what songs do you think he should play? And you could care less -- I lay awake nights in a cold sweat, I want this party to be like some- thing Mom would have made for you, I want it to be perfect -- No. Calm down, Daddy, you'll see, you're going to love it. But it's your birthday. Fireworks. Update -- we're con- structing the number '65' on the barge, archers from the State College at New Paltz will shoot flaming arrows at it, when it catches fire it will give us the effect of a Viking funeral with none of the morbidity... The Hudson River Authority says, for you, they'll make a special dispensation - of course there'll be an overtime bill for the Poughkeepsie Fire Dept... Have you got a minute? Daddy! What will I tell Annie? Yeah, but -- Honey --! Paillarde of veal. Please don't be negative, Drew, we have an acceptance list that would do The White House proud -- The Secretary-General of the UN, the Chairman of the FCC, nine Senators, I don't know how many Congressmen, and at least twelve of the Fortune '500'. What about the Mayor? Remember everybody, tonight, dinner in the city at Daddy's. You too, Drew. We've still got some loose ends -- Honey, please.Only flowers I wan' see's one's over my peaceful self restin' in the dutty. Schoolboy tings is you head. Badness for you, badness for her, badness for me, lyin' here tumor, big as breadfruit, poison my inners an' waiting. Rass! She knows you real self? You loved back? My Doctor Lady? Oh, you come to see Doctor Lady? Doctor? What could be wrong wit' you? None facety, mistah. You come for me? Dat's good news. Make it time. Can, mistah. Take me to dat nex' place. Not dis pain. Dis pain tru an' tru. Make it go 'way. Make it go 'way. Some spot you pick. You wait here'n to take us? Like you bus driver to dere? What you then? Obeah.Didn't you call a Board meeting? The Board is waiting. Good morning, Mr. Parrish. Of course, Mr. Parrish. Right away. Didn't the family get together last night --? Nothing? Lunch is 'in' today, have you given it any thought --_ I've been buzzing you, Mr. Parrish. Are you all right? Good morning, Mr. Parrish.He'll wait -- We're not getting anywhere here. Why don't we take some of the best out of this thing, let's consider it coolly, let's take a week -- Hello, Quince. You're taking this too far, Drew. And what would that be? But we want you back, Bill. Mean- while, enjoy your party, celebrate, we'll attend to the nasty details. And Mr. Black, may we say thank you. We're all ears. We're all here, Bill -- Sorry, Bill, have a drink, eat your cake, blow out the candles and make a wish. Talk to you Monday. Okay? No, I'm going to stay down here, keep my finger in the dike and maybe by Monday, the waters could recede. The Board's working through the weekend, tying up the loose ends on this damn thing. But I want to give it one more try, I'm still holding out some hope. Yeah - Bill - How are you? You okay? I'm going to stick it out here. We still have a shot. I still sense some doubt in this group, we could turn it around. You'll be up in the country? ...It's not over, 'til it's over. Why don't we let it rest for the moment? Give it some air?Haven't you had enough of us, Dad? Look who's talking. You think so? Nothing's going on. Maybe he doesn't want to be alone. He's go- ing to be sixty-five in a minute -- That's your name? ...I'm here, aren't I? Wouldn't miss a loose end meeting. What's on the table for discussion? Party favors, flowers -- hi Dad, hi Drew -- Hi, everybody. Sorry to be late -- had to have dinner with my depart- ment chief -- Drew called from the AStar, they're still two minutes away. That's it. It's over. Get out. Well... goodnight. Sorry, but I like the way he looks and talks to me. And vice versa. Okay? Drew, you're out of line. You don't mean that. You wouldn't disappoint Daddy -- ...See you tomorrow night. What 'business'? Hi. You think so? That's it? -- Yes? Hold me -- Tell me you love me -- tell me you love me now -- But you're not. You're somewhere else. You're someone else -- You want me to wait for you, you'll be back -- -- That was the place... and you were the guy. And I said you'd have a hard time finding a woman like that. Yes, that's why I said it. It's a saying. 'Love will find out the way'. Lightning struck. We caught it in a bottle. Don't let it out. I want to be with you, Joe -- Don't. That will come later. We know all that we need to know -- Then don't. It gets worse. And you can't tell me who you are. Where are you going? It beats a surgical, doesn't it? I like you in a black tie. For how long? Where are you going? More than you love peanut butter? Did you like making love to me? Maybe it's the draft through the door. He must be tired -- this Bontecou thing -- I just thought I'd drop by, scrounge a little lunch, I was in the neigh- borhood -- You're here? And is your heart beating strangely? I don't know who you are. Never tried, 'til now. Joe, may I kiss you? It was everything. -- I guess you haven't. I'm sorry about -- I said get out. Why don't you get off his case? 'To bed'? Where are you going? Gay? Girlfriend? Because guys who never say anything about themselves are always married. How long have you been standing there? We're doing what we can for her. But it doesn't look good. I am, too. It comforts you, doesn't it? I adore things like that....food I can't do without. Don't you? Why do you love peanut butter so much? And I appreciate you, too. Excuse me? It wasn't an intrusion. And if it was, it turned out to be welcome. I thought you said 'Be sorry for nothing'. I have to go, I'm sorry to say -- Joe, I'm with Drew. Yes. Patients have visitors, not doctors. That's impossible. I'm a doctor, I'm -- Watch me do what? I don't have any time to see you now. I'm doing grand rounds and then I'm examining back-to-back patients until dinner and then -- Then why are you here, Joe? Joe -- I think you want to go to the west wing. Through there. Goodnight, Joe. Yes? I'm sorry to say I know what you're saying. Yes --? I can see why. I've got plenty of friends. No, Joe, I'm swimming here. Then I'm going home. Drew is none of your damn business. Nor is where I put my mouth. Come again? -- What kind of childhood did you have? You act like you never had peanut butter before -- What are your intentions? To make little dreams in coffee shops, turn a woman's head, and I don't mind admitting it was turned, I liked it, but ten hours later I feel like a fool. I don't get it. You, my father, here in this house, the cof- fee shop, it's making me upset, and I don't like being upset. Who are you anyway? And what are you eating? Not the one I met this morning, hit- ting on me in as nice a way as I've been hit on in a long time, but the moment you find out I'm my Dad's daughter, you act like a stranger. You appear at his side out-of-the- blue, stay at his house, eat dinner with his family, it's practically a first. You're in the red-hot center of big business and I thought you were a regular Joe. -- Can't seem to escape you today. What are you doing here? The fireworks are about to start. Oh, Dad, you're not old. You'll never be old. Oh, yes -- I love you, Daddy -- Daddy -- But what? Are you relieved? You were right about Joe, he is going somewhere -- What a night. I love him. C'mon! The guy's working with you. You always know chapter and verse about everyone who works -- Where's he going? What are you afraid of, Dad? That I'll fall head over heels for Joe -- well, I have -- as you did with Mom. That's always been standard, whether you like or not. Why? A man appears at your side, almost never leaves it, you clearly trust him, depend on him, I sense you value him deeply, why aren't those things good enough for me? Love. Passion. Obsession, all those things you told me to wait for. Well, they've arrived. Because I was sitting in a staff meeting, incredibly bored, my mind kept wandering and the only place it landed was -- Joe. Where is he? Where's Joe? It's something. When you say 'nothing' that way, it's not nothing. Now we love Drew and Joe in verbo- ten? What's going on? Then what will you say? Well, remember how you told me about "lightning striking"? The nature of it's in there somewhere. Raise away. Yeah, it's good to get together. It'll come back, Daddy. Funny, I don't get that feeling. Maybe it's because you found out I'm Bill Parrish's daughter. Incidentally, 'Joe' what? -- This morning. The Corinth Coffee Shop. He was looking for a doctor. We've met. Well, go get 'em, Pops. Are you okay? What is it, Daddy --? Daddy, what's the matter? Thank God. You're terrible. I won't. And when I tell Drew about it, he won't either. I'm sorry. But give it to me again. The short version. Bravo. 'Be deliriously happy'. I'm going to do my upmost -- That's all? Don't get dirty, Dad -- You're not listening -- So what's wrong with that? What were you going to say? And I'm your daughter and no man will ever be good enough for me. Uh oh -- Probably. You mean like you loved Mom? ...There's a start for a meeting. I thought you were in a meeting--? You're only six-five once. ...Then don't. Yeah. I guess so. I hope so. Drew told me. Will you relax? I know it is a big deal day -- He wanted to ride back down with you. Now sit and relax, get some- thing in that flat tummy of yours -- Good morning, Dad. ...We know so little about each other. No -- Because I like you so much. Now I've got to go. Sure, I'll give you the name of a doctor. ...And I don't want to examine you. Why? No, it was so right it scares me. I've got to go -- You'll have a hard time finding a woman like that these days -- You'd give up what you want for the woman you marry? 'Pro bono'. That means doing good -- Going to be doing good all your life? I've got patients coming in -- Not at all. Yes, I could. I have an office in the hospital. I could be her. Me? Internal medicine. How'd you know? So you're a one-girl guy? I was just being agreeable, now I've got to explain why? I agree -- What's the way? I'm sorry -- You and 'Honey'? Not at all. It was fascinating.