How could there only be one?  How could he get here? Want to try some more of this? You rest now.  I'll give you more later. No, but he's covered with old wounds, all sorts of scars.  Knife scars, bullet scars, burns. There are words on his shoulder. Tannhauser Gate, the Argentine Sector, Montana, Bolivia, Shanghai We'll have to sleep on the floor. I won't permit danger to Nathan. You must be...you must be feeling better. He's late learning.  He was sick for a long time. I came for Nathan. This way... You have to watch out for them. They probably wouldn't kill someone your size, not if you were healthy anyway.  But they'd make you pretty sick.  Someone smaller...like me, or a child... In a month this one will be as big as those. Here.  You try one. Slade, hush up. You see how much he's eating? ...And it got worse and worse.  My father hadn't had any work in three months and...also...there were other things...violence...  political feelings.  My father said he'd heard it was better in the Trinity moons. A lot of other people must have had the same idea because the ship was jammed with people...mostly families.  That's probably why it broke down...  overloaded. Even after they made the repairs, it barely got off the ground, it was an old converted mining transport, a piece of junk to start with.  It just...dropped.  Maybe you saw what's left of it...out there in the wind.  A lot of people died.  And we couldn't make any radio contact... So we were stuck here.  Nobody was happy about it.  A few years later, when the dumpers started coming over and dropping stuff, people tried to get their attention with explosions and fires.  But it didn't work. They must be unmanned...or they just don't care.  Maybe they think we're garbage too! So there really wasn't any choice. People had to pull together and make the best of it.  We became a... community. One good thing...nobody bothers us. Who'd want to fight over a godforsaken place like this? I guess that's what you like!  The fighting, I mean.  The wars. You must...you're a soldier... We'll eat these. It seemed like he was never going to walk.  Then all of a sudden...he's an expert. Well, not quite an expert. Sergeant Todd...what's it like...what's it like being a soldier? What do you think about? Do you think about food?  Or women? You must think about something. What about feelings then?  You must have feelings.  You must feel something. Fear!  You mean...you feel afraid? That's when you're in battle... What about other times?  Now, for example? Now? You don't...look afraid.  You look fearless. Oh, my God.  But there's nothing to be afraid of here.  I can't hurt you.  I wouldn't. They can't kick him out... 