Do you really think your mighty Federation would be interested in protecting six hundred people? I'll be here. Mother and son. You arranged this...? You're Ro'tin, aren't you...? There's something in the voice. Would you be his friend Gal'na? I helped your mother bathe you when you were a child. She still speaks of you. There's a cavern at the base of the next hill... What's the rush? Right beyond that ridge is where the caves begin... we can hide for days... Jak'tahla? There are caves in those mountains. For someone so young. I wonder if you're aware of the trust you endanger, Jean-Luc Picard. In my experience, it's unusual for... I just... haven't gotten around to it yet. It took us centuries to learn that it doesn't have to take centuries to learn. Yes. Exactly. Nothing more complicated than perception. You explore the universe. We've discovered a single moment in time can be a universe in itself... full of powerful forces... most people aren't aware enough of the now... to ever notice them... When time seemed to stop... and you could almost live in that moment... You'll stop reviewing what happened yesterday... stop planning for tomorrow... until you find... Let me ask you a question -- have you ever experienced a perfect moment in time? More questions. Always the explorer. If you stay long enough, that'll change. This is a school... that's a student's work. She'll be ready to become an apprentice soon. Then, in thirty or forty years, she'll take her place among the artisans... ... who wouldn't be tempted by the promise of perpetual youth? I don't think so. You don't live up to your reputation as an offlander, Picard. But not you. We've always known that to survive, we had to remain apart. It hasn't been easy. Many of the young people here want to know more about the offland... they're attracted to stories of a faster pace of life... There's an unusual metaphasic radiation coming from the planet's rings. It continuously regenerates the cells in our bodies. You must have noticed the effects by now. I've been shot at... thrown into the lake out of an invisible ship that's come to abduct us all... what's there to panic about? Deceive us? I know what a hologram is, Captain. The question is -- why would someone want to create one of our village? Then you must spend your life answering questions. Why? Capability, yes. But where can warp drive take us, except away from here...? Your directive apparently doesn't include spying on other cultures. It's not our custom to have guests here at all, let alone hold anyone against their will.It may not last after we leave. If not, I just wanted, before we go... I've never actually seen a sunrise. Funniest thing, Captain. There wasn't anything wrong with my implants. There was something right with my eyes. When Doctor Crusher removed the ocular connections, she found the cells around my optic nerves... It's nothing. I'm just tired. In a sense, that's all he knew. The system is designed to protect him against anyone who might try to take advantage of his memory loss. His ethical and moral subroutines took over all of his basic functions... All I know is that he was functioning normally until he was shot. Then, his fail-safe system was activated... I don't believe it happened that way. By a Son'a weapon. There's no doubt about it, sir. That's what made Data malfunction. I took these out of Data's neural net... they contain memory engrams... The torque sensors are out of alignment... by twelve microns... you could hear that? We're about to lose communications with Starfleet, Captain. They... are in opposite directions, sir... Detonating the warp core might neutralize the cascade... but then again it might not. Subspace weapons are unpredictable. That's why they were banned. You got me, Commander. I'll be in Engineering. The manifold can't handle full impulse in the Patch, Commander. I think it's the universal greeting when you don't like someone. Even if it doesn't, they'll be teaching kids as the Academy not to do this for years to come. I wouldn't be surprised if history remembers this as the Riker Maneuver... The purpose being...? Aye, sir. Highly volatile...I recommend we keep our distance... Eject the core. We're pulling it like a zipper across space...Commander, if one of their weapons hits that gas... The tear is closing on us... impact in fifteen seconds... Sir, they've detonated an isolytic burst... a subspace tear is forming... I don't think they believe us.They're powering their forward weapons array. We're still thirty-six minutes from transmission range, sir. I thought subspace weapons were banned by the Khitomer Accord... Cometary debris, pockets of unstable metreon gas... we don't want to go in there, sir... Eighteen minutes... Commander, I'm showing two Son'a ships on an intercept course.They have an incredible clarity of perception, Captain. I've never encountered a species with such mental discipline... We've downloaded all the files on the duck blind mission as well as intelligence reports on the Son'a. Oh, my God, are they vegetarians? That's not in here... Yew-cheen chef-faw... emphasis on the 'cheen' and the 'faw'... ... Population three hundred million... And have you noticed how your boobs have started to firm up? I never kissed you with a beard before. Augh. On this ship, anything can happen. And usually does. ... Doctor Crusher has something that'll take care of that... ... I believe you... You're in quite a mood today. Why don't you try sitting up? This isn't one of the usual therapeutic postures... Whatever makes you comfortable... Come in. Hi. No children? Was I doing something to your neck? What...? Why would we be involved with these people? Hmm, I should feel right at home with them... You should feel right at home with them. What are they interested in...? "Environmental concerns", again. An android could be safely exposed to the elements during the installation of a duck blind... The Son'a discovered an M-class planet with humanoid life six months ago. Turned out it's in us to get approval for a sociological study. The Federation Council suggested it be a joint mission...