What? Steve seemed to put up with Warren. Is that old crab still with you? Mary, you said you were putting her up for a month -- it's been a year and a half. All right for awhile? The guy's good- looking, rich, witty. He was a god. Oh come off it, Mare. What about what's-his-name... Steverino? You could've at least passed the baton on that one. It means you're too hard on guys. Yeah, and you'd probably dump the poor guy halfway to Katmandu. Jeez, I don't know where you're ever going to find a guy like that. I can live with those reflections. No, it should be 'a hockey player with great pecs.'Aw, Christ, I can't take it anymore. I'm gonna pack my bags and go back to my own place. Would you like a little clam-dip, honey? Would you like a glass of tea or something? He can tell you're an animal nut. You are, aren't ya? You mean he doesn't like bad guys. This is a good one, Mare. Sounds like his partner's all lubed up. Ah, he was being a pest so I put him in the bathroom. Oh, hi hon. Just straightening up. The little shit lied to me about that guy! Puffy, get over here. You vicious bitch, how do you sleep at night? An old flame? Oh no? I ain't seen you beaming like this since you broke ninety on the Blue Monster. Knock it off, Pollyanna, just 'cause you're in love doesn't mean everyone else has to be. Don't bet on it. Last time I had a pap smear the guy needed leather gloves and an oyster shucker. Back when I was your age I always used to make myself a big banana split after sex. I think you're gonna need one tonight. I'm buying bananas tonight. Hey hey, what did you say Pat's last name was? Bundt cake? Oh, yeah, of course, dear. Fuck kindred spirits. My little Puffy here's gonna tell you all you need to know about this guy in about two seconds flat. If he starts yapping, he's a loser; if Puffy's relaxed... well, you got yourself a keeper. That's exactly why I don't watch 'em anymore -- it's bullshit! Why the hell would an old lady go for a young kid? I don't watch the new ones. Then why you going out with him if he's a schlep? What's a mook? What's he like? Good lookin'? So who's the lucky guy? Jesus, Mary, you gotta hear this -- some cop's staking out this broad's apartment. That's because there's a lot of bad people out there. Hey, Puffy tried to warn you about that Steve guy you was seeing -- he was a fucking asswipe -- but you had to find out for yourself, didn't you? I confirmed it on the scanner. I knew something was up because Puffy used to bark like hell whenever he saw him and you know Puffy only barks at bad people. Meaning these are the people you live amongst, you got a right to know if they're creeps. For instance, did you know there's a guy down the hall cheating on his wife? These ain't strangers, they're neighbors. This only picks up signals in a half-mile radius. Bet your ass I have. It's an important job, Neighborhood Watch is.Stop it! Stop that! No! Somebody help me!!!!! I'm asking you to leave. Woogie, I caught you red-handed. That's great, Woogie, I'm happy you're better -- you seem... good --but... you put me through quite an ordeal, you know. Well... thank you. But... you know you're not supposed to be within four hundred yards of me. You sent that? Are you crazy? Why would I pick you? You're a murderer. Woogie, please, you're starting to scare me. Uh, hey buddy. Oh boy, am I pissed. You're not going to believe this -- well, you'll believe it, there's no reason not to -- but I just got beeped for emergency surgery. Well, um, sorry, but I'm going to have to bail on you. We're gonna go out tonight. Oh, that reminds me, I've got to call what's- his-face and cancel. Sure. Are you okay? Warren! Forget it. It was... fun. All set. Turn it up, Magda. Huh... that's strange. Come on, what were you going to say? What? I guess. So... Yeah. Pat, I'm not kidding. I really think it's the greatest -- Harold and Maude is my all-time favorite movie. A fucking moron. Have you seen it? You're a movie buff? Why bounce when you have your own condo in Nepal to go to? Yeah, I think it's that dog of hers running around on the rug all day -- just makes for a lot of lint. Look at this... Sadly, no. Well except for the lint. Magda? She's not my grandmother -- actually she rents the apartment right next to mine. Her husband passed away a couple years ago so she doesn't like to be alone. How about -- ? Would you call that a portico or a vestibule? Is this one art deco or art nouveau? We just got here thirty seconds ago. Isn't this stuff great? I know he's around here someplace. The architecture exhibit! My friend Tucker is going to be here. He's an architect, too. You guys will have tons to talk about. We will, but first I have a surprise. Here you go. What's that smell? Sorry, Pat, out of beer. You like vodka? Wow, I've never seen him like this. He doesn't usually like guys. Look, uh, I was thinking maybe we should go have dinner sometime. That sounds like fun. They keep him confined? That's bullshit! -- He's in a cage?! No, I mean Isn't that a little politically incorrect? I beg your pardon? What's that? Are you... an architect? What are you doing with all these blueprints? How'd you know that? Don't you want to know my name? By the way, what's your name? Well, it was nice meeting you, again. Thanks. Wow. That's a place I've always wanted to go. Is it true the mountains are so tall you can't see the tops? You own a home there? Nepal? Have you been? No thanks. Yeah, don't talk in someone's backswing. I'm just saying I don't mind a guy with a bit of a beer belly. It means he's a guy. You can have those pretty boys who hang out in a gym all day staring at their reflections. I don't want someone who'll put up with him. I want someone who will enjoy him, the way I do. Do you know what he told my friend Tucker? He said he would've popped the question a lot earlier if Warren wasn't in my life. Well he is in my life and I'm goddamn lucky to have him. The hell with Steve. Ah, she's okay. I don't know, it was complicated. He's in San Francisco, I'm in Miami. Besides, Magda's psychic dog hated him. Yeah, Steve. Steve was all right for awhile. No I'm not. What's that supposed to mean? But here's the rub. The guy I'm talking about has got to be self- employed. I'm sick of these calorie-countin' pansies. Give me a guy who likes kielbasa and beer and playing thirty- six holes and still has enough energy to take me and Warren out to a ballgame. Ugh, not pecs. Sounds like one of those guys with a fish-net shirt and a banana hammock. Where's Puffy? Magda! Holy shit... I can't do it -- I just found out it's his birthday. I guess I've gotta cancel on Ted. Kind of. Ted Peloquin -- one of the sweetest guys in the world. Love? Come on, I wouldn't call it love. So maybe I could find a nice gentleman to take you to the movies. Don't get ahead of yourself. You'll probably need it before I will. Why? Healy. Must have a sweet tooth. See if you can find some cookies. Sure. Uh, Magda, why don't you get some more cheese and crackers...? The point is, love isn't about money or social standing or age, it's about connecting with someone, having things in common kindred spirits. This one's almost thirty years old. It's about a young kid and an old lady who fall in love. Come on, Magda It's like that movie Harold and Maude. You know, a mookalone, a schlep. I don't know. He's kind of a mook. He's no Steve Young. Name's Patrick, I met him at the driving range. No time, Magda, my show's starting. Okay, you win. Now try to get some sleep, huh. Magda, Puffy barks at everybody. You picked that up on the scanner. We gotta move. Meaning? Neighborhood Watch? Is that what you call listening in on stranger's phone conversations? Have you been up all night again? Oh Jesus... You mean he's not a criminal? Yeah, yeah. Okay, I think I know what to do. I'll call him right now. Magda's right, I'm so lucky to have you in my life. I can't believe this is happening. I'm supposed to be meeting him in an hour. What...? Tucker, I appreciate you doing all this, but I'm really strapped for time here and -- What's up? Can I pour you one? I appreciate you looking out for me. No no no, Tucker, thank you. I've been looking for a guy -- not one of these South Beach pussies. Not long at all, but I really like him. Okay, I know he's a little different, Tucker, but that's what I like about him. He's a guy. A real guy. He dresses like a dork and eats corndogs and he isn't always politically correct and he probably farts, too. And that's okay with me. He's a nice guy, isn't he? No no, the bigger the better. But I must say, they could be a little brighter. Nothing's sexier than a mouthful of pearly whites. Tucker, you look different some how. Did you do something with your hair? Pat does projects all over the world. Pat's an architect, too. Really. Get over here. Oh yeah, that'd make golf real fun -- the guy doesn't even drink beer or gamble. But I think I'd be happiest... with you. Ted...? You forgot your keys! Woogie and I went out for awhile in high school. Go! Please leave. Then what the fuck did you do it for? What did you think, Ted? That you could spy on me and trick me into thinking you were someone I could... really go for? That you put a murderer on my trail? Get out. Toy poodle! Um, Ted, I need a moment with Magda -- would you let the dog out of the bathroom. That's really sweet, Ted, but you should save it for one of your books. Why not? Ted... you're not that far ahead. Yeah... almost. You want to come up and watch Sportscenter? ...and then it was all over. We haven't spoken since. I don't know... My friends think I'm too picky. I think I'm just a weirdo magnet. I did come close once -- just last year, in fact. There was this guy he lived in San Francisco. That's right. And the good thing is you can do it anywhere. Well good for you. I bet it works out for you. So you're a writer? Ah, my roots here are too deep. I love my practice, the people I work with, Warren's got a nice thing going Why don't you just move down here and marry me? We've got a lot in common. It's too bad you don't live down here, Ted. I like it. And think of the toppings -- cheese, mushrooms, mint jelly I agree there should be more. Nitrate-sicles -- I like that. Okay, sometimes I'm a nineteen. Twenty-two. We should play some time... I mean, if you can afford to lose some money. You hit the ball pretty good for a fourteen. Well, lucky for me I found out. Thank God I have friends like Tucker. Look, I'm sick of talking about stalkers. Let's talk about you. I mean he murdered someone and did time back in Boston. The guy's a freak. Oh great, I ran out. On your ear, you've got something. What's that? Thanks. Hi, Ted. I'm kidding. I'd really love to, Ted, but the thing is I already have plans. How about tomorrow night? Nope, haven't walked the plank yet. There was this guy back in college who was bothering me... got kind of ugly -- a restraining order, the whole bit. Anyway, when I got out of Princeton I changed my name as a precaution. Actually, it's Mary Brooks now. Well you look great. Are you married, do you have kids? Oh. So... what brings you down here? Oh, Ted I'm so sorry to hear that. By the way, how's he doing? That's weird. I talked to your brother Jimmy five or six times. I can't believe he remembered you. He never remembers anybody. You know I tried to call you for weeks after that. And did everything -- ? Oh my God... Ted. What are you...? I can't believe this. I haven't seen you since -- Who's that? Ted, I'm so sorry. Are you going to be okay? Ted, are you okay? Are you all right? I'm sorry. I should've told you, he's got a thing about his ears. Hi, Ted. 'Cause I thought maybe you and I could go if you weren't already taking someone. The prom -- you going? So who you taking to the prom? Oh he can hold you. He weighs two- hundred-and-thirty pounds. Oh, are you on the team? Hey, you're limping. Did you just hurt yourself? Thanks a lot, Ted.Teddy, be brave. I mean is it... is it...? Just relax, dear. Now, um... what exactly are we looking at here? Teddy, hon, are you okay? OH HEAVENS TO PETE! Charlie, that's mean. Come on in, Ted. Don't listen to Mr. Wise Guy here. He's a joke a minute.I think I was very clear, Ted. If everything else falls apart, maybe. Yeah, so... I'm gonna wait and see what happens there... But that sounds great, yeah. See, the thing is, I heard a rumor that this guy I like was gonna ask me. Eh. Hey.