Doug? It's that one isn't it. Okay, but I don't want to miss him. That one? Good we'll take Josh's Jeep, come on! No, by road? Do you know the way? You're sure? You mean, Josh's father had nothing to do with it? In return for Doug's freedom, I was never to see him again, I had to - it was his only chance. It was a condition of getting Doug out. I made a deal with Josh. You don't understand, I can't! I can't go with him. Yeah, no problem. I'm not hungry, really. It's Josh's. Weren't you going to get some glasses? Cool! Why don't we both forget about him? Better than you. Yeah, but it was okay. Uh-huh! I'd better get going, do you need a hand to get into bed? Don't you have a girlfriend? Who you saving the dishes for? Are you sure I shouldn't get a doctor. It's all my fault, I'm so sorry Doug. I'd better get you to a hospital. No, just a coffee. Is it dry? Shall I wash these out? We_re not all running away A champion of lost causes huh? I figured you more as a Socialist? What's the Bugler? Why are you doing all this, what for? Seems a shame! Thanks. That's not what you said last night. And, I didn't bring that "prick" Josh. I thought I'd help out. Am I invited? No act of love but willing violence demanded by one and begged by the other. As life turned to fantasy and reality to ecstasy a need, so deep no light could reach, surfaced like a nocturnal creature unearthed for momentary and glorious display. Left alone in a rose-tinted afterglow dimming fast she tasted the moisture of her body and wondered why light came to day and such desires to her pale-skin body. Yes, if you can get him free. Josh, I need your help. Doug's been arrested, he's in big trouble. I thought maybe your father and the Embassy might be able to do something. Can we talk in your office? Josh, I have to speak you, it's urgent. Don't you dare, I'll be back! You bastard! Go to hell! Leave me, just leave me alone Josh. I don't want to go. Why? What for? Later. Josh! I decided to help out at the Asylum. Oh that's it? Everything I do is crap! Maybe it is! Just yesterday.No, better than me. You know, I have many friends, you should meet more of them. Your a good guy Chris you deserve a nice girl. It won't last, believe me. And you, when will you go back to the States? I don't know, I don't care. I see too much of him and he's changed. He used to be busy at the magazine. But now he's been doing nothing for months, like he doesn't care about anything, including me. It's okay, they're training me on the cash register and after I hope to work on one of the jewellery counters. I used to think he was right about a lot of things but now I don't know. I thought he was going somewhere but now I think I am wasting my time. Naz dravi!.....What do you like about this place, these people, Chris? A coke, if they have it? That's true Doug, writers are supposed to write. No, it's not true, you're lying. But I love you! I'm sorry about what I said, really I am. Just take me with you, I don't care where. I don't understand, it's your home? But we could go to London and live in England. If you get out can we be together again. Will it help to get you out? I thought for sure they would catch me. Then tell me, what will happen? Tell me! That's it, I am just stupid teenager, yes? I could have my choice of many boyfriends and go to movies and discos but I waste my time waiting for you and then going to stupid pubs. Oh sure and you will want sex, always sex. I thought you loved me Doug but all you want from me is sex. I think I'm stupid.....All you do is use me and expect me to wait for you. Fernet and tonic. No way Doug, I can't. She's tired. Everybody is at home, it's no good. So, we won't be going to London? We should go to the Metro it's quicker. It's not fair, you hardly talked to me tonight. Doug you said you wouldn't be long. Come on, I've got to go. Now! I'm not going in Doug. I'll wait for you here. I don't want to get in trouble. Doug I can't, I've got to be at work by eight. You promised to take me home. What? You are crazy! It's just talk, he's drunk. What? I'm not staying out late and I can't come back to your place. I don't care. I'm not staying out late Doug. But I don't want to go, I am enjoying it. Well, get me and Chris a drink then. You used to read. Why don't you read something after the break? DOUG What here? Weren't you listening to what I just said? So why don't you get up and speak something, then we will see who is crazy. Shhhhh, I'm concentrating!Subtitles) You have made many mistakes Pavel, let there be no more, for your sake. Delay Mr Greenwell's departure until the disks have been located and you have notified me. Then, have one of your officers drive him home - I'll see to the rest. It was all on a Russian format, I don't think that would be so easy; we must take that chance. All the more reason to eliminate him. I don't care about Americans. Arrest them all if you have to, but keep those records secret. That was not my decision, I can only guess that one day we will again be active and our honour restored. In the meantime no one else must know those files exist. Secure the building and I will arrange alternative safe storage immediately. I don't think you realise what will happen if those files are made public. The lives of thousands of officers depend on the secrecy of those records, including your own now. Have you lost all control of this city? So, who is in the building? The University cannot do this. Is the room safe? What are you an idiot! You are responsible...What has happened? The storage facility will be ready within a week, I'll call you then. You are quite sure it's secure? You know everyone can be controlled Pavel. Where are you storing the personnel files? Why are there still such headlines?