Why? Mom, this is the guy that drove us home that afternoon we were stuck on the highway. The guy you yelled at for no good reason... Mom, he just fixed our car. How you doin'? It's ok. It's ok. Relax. It's just a cut. We can get it fixed. But we need to get you to the hospital now. How'd you get that? You're bleeding pretty bad there. Ok. Ok, I guess. I've been ok. Then, where are you going? 112 Orchard Way. [Realizing, in a whisper] You're not coming back, are you? What? Ok. Ssh. Rest. Because your body can only take so much of what they're putting you through. To the hospital. Why are you saying that? [Beat] We don't have long, do we? What? How can you say that? He's the one that put you in that goddamn medieval...Jacket. He's probably the one who killed you. That's all you got from him? That bastard helped take your life away from you. William, you're not making sense. It's Sunday. [Beat] I don't know. I don't know. But this isn't a dream. I'm real, and so is where we are. What? What are you thinking? [Beat, lost] No. They're not here. Yeah. I called the number yesterday to make sure. Thomas Becker, retired M.D. Here, drink this. I'll get the heat going. It's not a prison, it's a hospital. There's got to be some way out of there and you've got to find it... You've got to get yourself out of that place. They're going to kill you if you don't. What about Captain Medley? He never told them what happened to you over there. His testimony...that coward wanted them to think you were crazy. They told me Becker's in Shelbourne now. I looked him up and he was listed. How long do we have? Because that's the part I believe is true. You probably did help her somehow with the boy and Eugene's name did come up over and over again on the abstracts I pulled. Let's see if they have an address for Becker. I also want to figure out more about the kid you helped her with. You think Lorenson kills you? Me neither. Who was the boy she was talking about, Eugene? No. They never figured it out. I did. Most murderers don't stop to help a drunk woman and her little girl on the side of the road. Not without hurting them. I know. Alpine Grove still exists. I looked it up on the net. We should go there and see if there's still anyone around who might have known what happened to you. Then we need to figure out what happened to you. It's the only thing we can do. [Softly] I want to trust you. Should I trust you? I don't know. [Beat] I thought I was crazy after you left that day. I died. I still think I could be crazy. But then I replayed that night in my head -- the parts of it I could remember -- and it was like...I don't care if I was, or am. I haven't felt that way in a room with someone my whole life. [Beat] And when you left, all I wanted was... I don't know how you got the cut to your head, but you died bleeding from it. [Beat] You bled to death. But no one knew until after... It was banned, you know... and it led to an investigation of Dr. Becker's mistreatment of some of his patients. That's when they found out how badly he was drugging his patients... The Jacket. That's what they call it, right? Please... I'm telling you I don't care what time you think you're in. You're not William Starks. [Beat] I don't believe in many things, but I believe in death. And it doesn't give back what it takes. So whoever you are...I did a nice thing, you've made me regret it enough already, so please, just leave. No, it's not. [Beat] It's December 25th, 2004. I know what this is...I picked you up when I was drunk and you probably thought I'm just fucked up enough to fall for this. But the thing is I know what I'm doing when I drink. I just usually don't care. Right now, I do though. And I want you out. Now. I don't know. But he did die. STARKS falters under the news. JACKIE looks around, through her now blurred eyes, like she might find some help in the apartment. She settles for the BOTTLE of VODKA on the table, lowers the iron fork and takes a long heavy drink, then laughs nervously as she looks up. No, you didn't. They found William Starks' body dead in the snow. I looked it up. His body was found New Year's Day, 19...1993. At Alpine... William Starks is dead... [Beat] I've been to his grave. You can't be William Starks. He's dead. Stop it! Stop it! JACKIE covers her ears and looks at him, pleading with her eyes. STARKS' eyes plead right back. Well, you belong in one. What? Now you're gonna show me some kind of driver's license? If you don't get out of my house right now, I'll call the police. What'd you do? Snoop all over the place? You had no right. You had no right to go through anything. William Starks. [Beat] Thanks. What for? What're those? You're just gonna walk? Yeah. But I like it I guess. Jackie. Yeah, but I don't know what. Our car won't start. Come on, mom. Don't fall asleep... Because Becker resigned after the charges brought against him by State Patient Advocacy Groups. I don't understand. How? Just a little, when we were looking up information about William's father. How did he help?Where? [Beat] It's Becker isn't it? He's doing stuff, isn't he? What should they be looking for? It's the ticking of a box on a sheet of paper no one cares about. I wish they'd skip the formality of this annual review and just cut our budget. Our silence on the matter should be enough to appease the civic conscience without wasting an hour we don't have. I see you've done your homework. [Beat] Alpine Grove's undergone a lot of changes since then. At the time, we didn't have the...resources to help our patients the way we needed to. [Beat] Now, we do. And things are different. I still don't either, even after all these years. He just said...that I'd shock Eugene and then things would change for him. It's complicated, but [looking at Starks] in a way, your father let me know how I'd get through to him. Sure. It's an easy address. A little far out there, but easy enough. What are you talking about? Who told you this? William, I can't indulge these delusions, even when you're in this state. I do believe you... I'm not gonna let that happen. What for? You're going to be ok, William. We just need to get your fever down and we'll be able to hopefully stabilize you. You have nothing to fear, William. Yeah. You told me this was how it happened. I know. I know it all. Save your strength. I already know everything you're going to say. [Beat] You're in the Jacket right now, aren't you? I don't know how you know about Eugene, but these ideas are part of your delusions. How do you know about Eugene? William, that is just another facet of my delusions. And how do you know that? Why not? Why don't you help me? [Beat] Like who? Like MacKenzie maybe? What about the world? The future doesn't look different? Ok fine. Tell me about it. Tell me about the future. 2004. What does it look like? Well, what time is it? Then help me understand. You know, you're not alone. A lot of Gulf Vets have begun to experience curious symptoms. What you have might well be a syndrome and, if so, it's not one we know enough about to be treating it this vigorously. No, I do. That's what I'm saying to you. What do you mean? You'll die if you keep smoking those in your condition. Well... [beat] let me know how your search turns out. It's important for you to know who your father was, isn't it? So maybe Dr. Becker would know. [Beat] But, as I'm sure you know, the statute of limitations has run out for charging the hospital with any liabilities. How do you know about Dr. Becker? I was. But I saw a lot of cuts and a lot of blows. I'm sorry I don't know more about your father's. [Sincerely] I didn't know about everything that went on here. I was working with a boy named Eugene. At the end, he made me change my mind about a lot of things. Yeah, I did. [Beat] He was my most memorable patient. My God you look exactly like him. You should be careful. You could be killed if they found you out here. So it's helping? You may never remember at all. [Beat] Your mind's grasp of reality and the real events that have happened to you has been damaged. You were convicted of the crime. You're not crazy. I guess I'd ask you why.Yeah, me too. [Softly] Every day for the last ten years. She fucked herself up day after day and then, one day, she fell asleep with a burning cigarette. [Beat] I came home from work and she was gone. Never knew my father. I grew up with my mother. Actually, I grew up around my mother. She was great though. I mean, the way she was with her friends... She was this woman who had so much life in her, she had to find ways to kill some of it just to be like the rest of us. [Beat] She died young. I'm sorry. So you never knew your mother? May be easy to remember, but not easy to get. Being warm, maybe -- but, look, you don't even have a coat and I still have to chop wood to make a fire. [Beat] And, being happy...you tell me if that's simple. You remember it? Maybe. [Beat] Maybe not. [Beat] Real is overrated. Well, good for you. Shit happens, and your life changes. 'Bout the best explanation of a lot of things that happen. [Beat] So how come you don't know where you're coming from? [Beat] I do it. Yup. That's me. This is pretty good. Considering... You want a drink? No, it's fine. [Beat, swallow] Thanks. What's this? You know what? It's Christmas Eve. And you look clean -- I mean, you're normal-looking. [Resolutely, for her own benefit] It's Christmas Eve, and I have a couch. No, you won't. You'll die of cold out there and then I'll have to feel guilty. And I've already got more guilt than I know what to do with. [Beat] Do you want something to drink? Where are you going? You'll freeze out there. You don't even have a coat. Great. That was our last option. What am I going to do with you? Well, don't you somewhere? Stuff? Belongings? Do you have a motel or something? Money? Well, how'd you get here? Because in my life, it wouldn't make sense for me to pick up some normal guy with a place where he's from and a place where he's going to. It'd be too simple. I probably wouldn't know how to handle a situation like that. Of course you don't know. Well, where are you from? You don't have anywhere to stay? Let me ask you that again. This time, look around and consider your options. All right. [Beat] You got somewhere you need to go, Mister? In case you hadn't figured, it's Christmas Eve. You're never gonna get a cab here. Good. If you're deaf, read my lips...I don't need a psycho following me today.