I'm late.  Dinner's in the oven. Where the hell's my lucky crucifix? BRANDON reaches to a key rack, hands it to her.  She dons it. Thank God.  A man won 5600 at my table last night.  Tipped me  out in color.  I gave it to Denny, help him with college. Mail came, letter for you, from Chicago.   You just tried out last week.  They got back to you quick.  That's  a good sign. Open it. BRANDON opens it.  Reads.  Words pop out: "Arena Football League"..."We  regret to inform you"..."but based on your performance"..."staff  declines." Shit. I'm just thinking of a tune-up. Easy for you to say.  You used to model. The other WOMEN CUSTOMERS listening nearby nod in agreement. Tightly wound today, aren't we? (stepping past) Excuse me. You just want to get into my pants. His name's Amir, he's a dime bettor.  Owns a dry cleaners.  We  got him for the subscription.  He's on line three. Walter wanted your first call to be special.  Go get 'em tiger. Faster daddy! WALTER crawls around the room, stops before BRANDON, grins. Go daddy! WALTER whinnies like a horse, keeps crawling.  BRANDON goes into  the kitchen.  TONI cooking at the stove, referring to a daily  planner, talking on the phone. I dunno, he said it was personal. Can we play? I want to play princess. Thanks, Walter.  Talk to ya. Can we play princess, Daddy? You're the king, daddy, like always. I made 500 bucks off your picks last week.  I was thinking maybe  we could go out later and get a little wild... you can help me  blow some. This is... May I please speak to a Brandon Lang? Brandon, is that you? Are you okay? Well that's why I'm calling, honey. It sounds great, Brandon, but the money -- it's too much.  Where  did you get it? Listen to you. Who's this John Anthony person? And he talks like that? Then you should know you can't be two people, Brandon. Funny, I thought they were from my son. WALTER enters, slaps an airline ticket on his desk. Oh my God -- Brandon! BRANDON glances up, quickly goes back to watching the game. (leaning in, laughing) Earth to Brandon, you're blowing it. The BARTENDER steps in front of the TV to deliver her drink --  BRANDON jumps from his seat so he can see -- flurry of action  on the screen -- the game ends -- the final score flashes and-- Why do we like the blue team? Brandon! Some bettor somewhere just made some money. 