I want no other crown and no other  bed than those I have. Papa... Papa... My father is dead... Look, here is your father. It was  just a dream, little one. When did it happen? Where? It can't be. He came to me, to his  bed, last night. It was his spirit, yearning for you  in his hour of death, that visited  you. His spirit? Tintagel Castle falls to Uther. But  what shall become of me, and the  child I bear? A boy, sir. Rest yourself. She is just a child - Go now. Come back later. The night he died, a man loved me  with great fierceness. He looked  like my husband, spoke like, smelled  like, felt like my own husband. But  it was not he, for he was already  dead. It wasn't his spirit, for this  child, who was conceived that night,  is flesh and blood. I know nothing  more. No-- Uther, is it true? Don't let him  take the child. It was you? You came to me that night.  You are the father. WHY?... Why must he have the baby? Merlin, are you now the father, and  the mother, of the baby? Father, it's the boy King. No... It didn't hurt too much, did it? --I'm pretty good at stitchery. I've  sewn my father's wounds more than  once. Careful! You'll have to stay still  for a few days or you'll tear them  open. --And damsels in besieged castles  are waiting to be rescued? Well, then, I shall tell you which  knights have maiden daughters, so  you can avoid their castles. No, I think it's better if you just  stay here to heal. At least a week. Quiet, or I'll sew up your mouth  too. Would you rescue me from a fiery  dragon, sir? It's just a furry little rabbit that  took the bait and sprung the trap. You'll find him served up to you  tonight, cooked in a most excellent  sauce... They are only for you, for in them I  mixed things that heal, but not too  quickly; and things that make limbs  sleepy, preventing escape, but keep  one's mind sharp. It is an ancient mixture, containing  only soft, unborn grains, and flavored  with roses. The rest is secret. He must stay for the feasting days  of our wedding, and tell his deeds  himself. Don't start a war on my wedding day! Look Lancelot. The maids and ladies  whisper about you. They all dream of  winning you, young and old, fair and  ugly. But surely that's no secret to you,  dear Lancelot. You're the bravest  and strongest knight they've ever  seen, and beauty has kissed your  brow. The well-kept secret is whether any  of them has won your heart. Why? And there is no maiden in the whole  world who inspires you? Who?! Me? To me? But why? I remember you, Merlin. I was a child.  You took my brother away. Is that Mandrake, Lord Merlin? Can it truly be used for magic? What did I see today in the wizard's  eyes? Censure, because I enjoy a few  words with a young handsome knight? It's clear you are, and it irks me. A lovestruck page! A steamy, panting, lovestruck page.  But what good are songs and poems to  me? They are the barter of ordinary  love. A gift that reflected your  greatness is the only one worthy of  your love. The deepest secrets, the forbidden  formulas... What is it you would have your words  mean, Sir Gahalt? Don't listen to him. You are the  Queen. No. I meant not to be angry with  you, Sir Gahalt. In the idleness  that comes with peace gossip has  bread its own evil. You merely repeat  it. Please, sir, have one of those  apples that Lancelot loves, and in  that gesture partake of its goodness. Take one, Sir Gahalt. I didn't... I am innocent. Not you, my husband? I thank you, but you are not yet a  knight. Why can't you be my champion? And you cannot love me... And if he cannot be found, no other  knight will champion me, though you  beseeched each and every one of them.  Why be king if there is no one you  can call loyal subject but an eager  boy? Flesh on flesh. I will heal you. Love demands it. --Nothing! Crazy old fool. You think yourself a  kingmaker. Ha! A meddler, more likely.  Look what a mess you've made of  things. You know what I want. I want the  secret of true magic, how to thicken  the stuff of dreams and wishes with  the flesh of the world. Then I will not. He has given up. We are to blame. People make you laugh? Why? You are truly magnificent! Merlin, the powers of Summoning, the  true Name of the charms of Doing and  Undoing. Show me! Make magic, my foolish wizard. For  our love. Weave a marvelous room  around us, a room worthy of our  coupling. Walls of shining crystals, burning  with red fire, furnishings of metals  and jewels never seen by man... It's only a semblance. You disappoint  me. Do it, Merlin, the deepest secret.  Fix it with the charm of Making, for  our endless pleasure. I'll weep for you, brother, for a  King must not weep. Do you know what Guenevere's maids  have whispered? That when the King returned from  battle... ...Guenevere would unlace his armor  and massage the burns where metal  rubbed on flesh... ...She would prepare a bath for you,  mixing special ointment in the  water... The moon flows in my blood to meet  your seed. And already I bear him  who will be King. I could easily kill you, brother.  But I want you to live to see our  son be King. In me, the blood of  Cornwall will have its revenge; in  me, the blood of Uther will show its  dark side. Stand back, all of you. Through my  own body I have nurtured him with my  potions. I made him. I alone can  give him life. The blood of this knight will feed  the god in the earth, he is weak  with hunger, and he will be made  strong by this blood. Then he will  plant his seed, and the land will be  fertile once again. Look, Mordred, a true prize for the  giant. The lamb rides into our jaws. You must kill him, for this knight  is dear to your father. You must do  it and learn to enjoy your father's  pain. Have you found what you search for?  Have you found what Arthur seeks? You haven't, or you would be smiling  now in the face of death. Your quest  is an impossible one. Fool! Uncover him. I'll show you the mystery  of life. It's death... Do it, Mordred! Feel the life through the dagger,  child. It belongs to you. You didn't kill him! You didn't kill  him! My dear, sweet boy... Go away. No man is allowed beyond  these doors. I loved you much, as King, and  sometimes as husband, but one cannot  gaze too long at the sun in the sky. I have kept it. You provoke me, Merlin. Burning with the fire of desire, I  am the flames that consume the staff  to ashes. I am the desert, where water  disappears-- --I am the fog and mists that rise  up from the sea, escaping... ...I have the desire and I have the  magic... 