So they can patch me up and put me in a cage? Forget it. Meyerling's right -- I'm a dinosaur. Greedy bastards like him, it's their turn with this land. Put me in the woods, let me live or die on my own. Relax. I got a nervous man here with a magnum up my nose. Remember that demon in the gut? Sometimes it's nothing more than wondering if the so-called civilized life has bred the balls and brains out of you. That's what you want out of this, isn't it? What makes you so sure my boys won't be waiting for us? First you save my ass, now you want to kill me. Make up your goddamn mind. Used to see the natives eating roots when I was a kid in Nome. Inside of three hours you'd be dragging my dead carcass. You talk about ecology -- there it is. Wait 'til I'm across! See the blood? Pack of wolves took down a moose. Greedy, gut-ripping sons of bitches. I'd kill the last wolf on earth, right in front of the President of the U.S. Stinking, cowardly predator, the wolf. Mind if I get some stuff from my kit? Now, why don't you get around to saying what you want. Hard to work up an interest in politics, way we live. You're the first people we've seen in two weeks. Needs patching. You can pack out of here -- two, three days' hike along this river at most. Weather should hold this early in the season. Wasn't my intention to hurt Wilder. I'm telling you the truth. I liked the man. I only meant to get loose... to survive. Your cheechako boyfriend better understand that. Listen, I've got some money put away -- You should know something. What about you -- why come back? Classy girl like you seems more suited to the finer things. I was gone, in September, laying traplines. She went to our cache for some meat. Got mauled by a bear. Tore open her skull. -more- Had some good years. Met her in '66. She showed up one day in Coldfoot. No one knew her. One Sunday morning, she marched into a bar and announced she was available as a wife to the highest bidder. Didn't work out in three months, she'd return the money and leave, no hard feelings. My bid was eight thousand dollars. Beautiful girl. She's dead. Knew you had no native blood, even with your dark hair. Blue eyes give you away. My wife had blue eyes. Can't be. Too keen a sense of this place in your pictures. How long have you been up north? Leave my traps. We'll tag up, couple days. Go ahead. Take the jeep. I'll come to Cache with Bob when he gets here. Had no choice... ...Given the situation. Relax. I just want to ask them how the hunting is. Leave it here. Look down there, tell me what any of this matters. Struggles of men get swallowed by the bigness. Soon there won't be a trace of our troubles... or us. Like I said, I'd still be up on that mountain, frozen solid, it wasn't for you. Wound's a through-and-through. Missed my liver, I think. The time has passed for men like them and me. I know it. But they're still fighting for survival, like cornered animals. That's why they'll kill you. -more- Snow's to their advantage, kid. You can't see them, but soon as that plane comes, they'll sure as hell know where we're going. Wise up. Take me to the Yukon. I'll give you that money and guarantee you'll walk away. You kill me, you sign your death warrant. And hers. Maybe you can talk sense into your boyfriend. Lets us watch each other's backs over a wide area. Only thing messed me up this time was getting arrested in the baths. ELT was in my duffel bag, not around my neck where it should've been. You're damn lucky, glimpsing this country before it's ruined, gone for good. You saw wonders you'd only dreamed of. That alone makes you different than the sorry bastards back where you came from, because you have dreamt them. You were real resourceful out there. Got me thinking of this perimeter man, froze all his fingers one winter. So he hacked the tips off and sharpened the exposed bones. Gets along better than ever. Yeah, maybe I underestimated you. I'm sure she's fine. Seemed like a clever kid. Talk to that good-looking girl of yours? Hell, I still get a knot in my gut every season, wondering how much longer I can go on. No 'Home for Retired Trappers' that -more- You don't know how true that is. Don't bet on it. Cowardly bastard. I'm in handcuffs and I still scare the piss out of you. I'm real sad you don't approve of me. All you do is keep folks from working the land, living like they're meant to. You don't understand shit! Trappers, hunters -- we're part of the environment. Who's protecting us? I've seen plenty like you. So -more- Don't judge me. You're a joke, coming here from a fucked-up culture, telling us what to do! You got a knack for seeing things the way you want to see them. Told that's what our old man was. Planned on going to sea, me and Bob, 'til I read Jack London. Started trapping when I was ten. Mailed the furs to Sears. Eight bucks for a skunk, three for a muskrat. That was fine money. Hate to disappoint you. I'm hungry. Go kill me some dinner. Too bad. We'd be out of here in a few hours. You got one? Where's my ELT? It's a spring day... What?! Fuck off. Save yourself. Told you I'm fine! If that means freeze my balls off, no thanks. I'll be okay. Have to get these wet things off. There's a snowmobile. Inside a day we could be on the Yukon. I got money there. Remember that five thousand? Make it ten. Be smart. Take it and walk away. There's a cabin, maybe twenty miles south of here. Yep. Sometimes they do, but usually they end up crazy or dead. Folks come to Alaska for a real short list of reasons: Money. Adventure. Solitude. Those cover most everyone. But frontiers also draw another type of man. One with a demon in his gut. He comes to the edge of the world to face that demon, and lay it to rest. You want to fool yourself about that bullshit job, fine. Damn shame you have to drag your girlfriend along. You think a woman like that will be happy making moose stew for a man -more- Sure love to know where you fit in up here. Sure. The People's Friend. Kiss your ass with precision if there's a vote in it. Where in hell Meyerling dig you up? I'm still figuring: You're either real brave or real dumb. Damn lucky this storm didn't blow down when we were on those baldheaded mountains. It continues, we better stay put. Going to be a bit of a challenge with handcuffs on. Have to backtrack, find another way down. Pushing it is flat wrong. All you prove is your ignorance about breaking trail. Let's camp. There's grayling under this ice. I'll snare some for dinner. Most dangerous thing in the world: A regular Joe, in over his head. You trying to prove how tough you are for me, or for yourself? Be my guest. We get wet, we freeze to death in a couple hours. Ice is too thin -- you can see the water moving underneath. Still quite a hike to Devil's Cauldron. Days. A long stretch to go without sleep, my friend. You can hide behind that pistol for now, but take your eyes off me long enough to sneeze -- Snow shelter. Okay. You dig. I'll have a little sit-down. Why in hell you care enough about me to die taking me in? Look, take these cuffs off. We need to work together. I'm not gonna carry you out of here. You sound like the tourists. Know-it-alls who read about survival in a magazine. Fuck you. You won't make it off this mountain. I took the odds on getting down in one piece, and I made it. Now we're in my territory. You got the belly to look me in the eye and pull the trigger? Hunting and trapping was a damn fine life. Me and Mitchell, Bob and LeMalle, we were teams. I'd always go with Mitchell. Good man, Mitchell. I'd let Bob worry about goddamn LeMalle. We'd hire a plane in October. On the way to a dirt airstrip somewhere, we'd drop supplies. We'd land, tell the pilot to come back for us a few days before Christmas. That makes the flight more interesting. Been driving long? Smart? Sure. That's why I'm sitting in this plane and they're down there blowing me kisses. Surviving is what I know -- Send him down to her. There's money in my duffel bag, back at his cabin. Does he have people? A lot to ask, dragging him away from such a good-looking girl -- Nice bluff the other day with the tranquilizer gun out your jeep window. See you again, maybe. Ecology. Folks use that term for everything but what it means: who's eating who. New to the country, kid? No big deal. We just got off on the wrong foot. What's your name? Yep. Afraid you have me at a disadvantage. Can't be much of a crime, if all they got minding the area is a cocky kid. Nothing personal. I don't want to hurt you, Sam. Good idea. Flying over mountains can give you some nasty surprises. Go too low, one of the clouds might have a big rock inside it. I'll get loose before that plane comes. Sam, listen -- I shot to defend my man. Other guy drew first. Sam, give Dixie here fifty bucks out of my kit, will you? Christ if I shouldn't know better than to step in soft earth. I've seen footprints in the tundra a hundred years old. All this for laying traps on private land? You wouldn't shoot anyone... Can we buy the Marshal some dinner? Relax. One more day without drink won't kill you. Right, Sam? Just passing through. Hullo, Sam. Slow day?Keep back. Your infrared camera? You'll catch a chill by that dumb waiter shaft. Sit on the cot. Keep this pointed at him if I get preoccupied. I'd sure like that favor you offered a while back. There isn't one, unless Corbett's men get here before the plane does. ...I won't let a killer walk! How? Nobody this far north monitors that frequency until avalanche season. Besides, I'm surprised a tough guy like you uses fancy electronics. I just want this over with. It'll be interesting, trying to build a fire without any wood. Let's go. I'll get you there all right. Avalanche season is coming. When you ran off, I thought you'd keep going 'til you were back home in Washington. I've got an idea. We'll have to work fast. Nothing broken. C'mon, we have to hurry. Please, Anne Marie, you being here only complicates things. Here. A transport plane is due at eleven. Once I put him on it, it's all over. I'll tell you everything later. You can't stay here. Go back to the Turtle. I'll meet you back there in a few hours. Be careful, okay? Fairbanks is a three-hour flight. I'll be back by dinnertime. Let's go. Come here... Prolonged darkness makes people crazy. I thought I should check our emergency transmitters. -- Permanently? It's exactly what you meant. You make it sound like a prison sentence. You were looking at it in the catalog. Don't know where you can wear it... Can't help myself. Corbett's type always pisses me off. Oh, I found this at the post office. Had your name on it. He was sitting in a hot tub with a hooker. Sure did. He was one of the trappers we rousted from the Haul Road. No way can he get away with this. I'll be back by tonight. I'll go into town with you. Best thing is, Meyerling has to chase around to find us. Thanks. Bastards took off, though, didn't they? Stay here. He still might be around. I saw fresh tire tracks coming in. He's coming around fine. You're wrong. Everything we do leaves its mark. You said it yourself -- there are hundred- year-old footprints in the tundra. We'll get you to a hospital, soon as we get to Fairbanks. How come you didn't let him shoot me? Let's get out of here. Can you walk? Why offer a buyoff with your gunmen waiting outside? Answer and I'll shoot! Shut up! No way they'll find you on a five-minute signal. And no way -more- Emergency transmitter? What happened to signal mirrors or two-tone smoke fires? I liked you better frozen. You didn't talk so much. You broke the radio, remember? Maybe...maybe not. I'll tell you what scares me -- stumbling through life, like an ordinary jerk. That's why I want to work on the front lines, where what I do means something. Soon as I got here, I realized my job was bullshit. Oil company propaganda. I was ready to leave, then I thought screw it, I'll outsmart them, do the work anyway. I don't know anymore. Maybe I am fooling myself. That's what I'm afraid of most of all. I already have. They think you're in Fairbanks. If not, they still won't find you before the plane comes tomorrow. Don't push me..! What do you know about people? You live like an animal! A savage goddamn throwback like you belongs out here, as far away from the rest of us as possible. Yeah, it is fucked up -- but it's not too late to keep that from happening here. Killing wildlife not good enough anymore, so you go on to bigger and better things. Nome? I figure you'd be a whaler, coming from there. An appetite. Maybe you won't die after all. It was blown up with the plane. Emergency transmitter? All your gear is back at Wilder's. Stay still. You don't feel cold? How many do you see? Stay awake! You want to go hypothermic? You're not going to slow us down! Keep moving! You don't get it, do you? Too bad we're heading west. Yeah? I'm here to do my job. You know Meyerling? It could blow over tomorrow, too. Forget it. It would take days. We've got another two hours of daylight. It wasn't my idea to crash the plane. I'm right behind you. I've been on ice like this when I was a kid, skating. Spread your weight, keep moving. Go on. We're not sitting here 'til November. There's a cargo plane coming to Devil's Cauldron in four days, and I'm putting you on it. -- Turn around. We'll stop here, dig out a snow shelter. I don't plan on dying. That's right. You're not. With light clothing and no supplies, this is nobody's territory. Next time you want to kill yourself, don't include me. Stay put! Sounds like professional jealousy. I needed a pilot's license to take the job here, so I got one in six weeks. How the hell were they smart enough to find us? -- Killing is what you know. Pack some food while I prep for the flight. I'm sure not gonna let him go. A daughter in Oregon. -- To take you to jail? It'll be my pleasure. Yeah. Maybe so. Six months. Ecological study for Northland Oil. Desmond. Kenai at the general store asked me to bring these. Didn't expect we'd already met. Ben Corbett? I got your plate number, asshole. Maybe you feel like spending a few months in jail. You got two counts against you -- trapping out of season and poaching on restricted land. If you have to ask, you wouldn't understand. -- Here's a hundred dollars. And if you or anyone else will back me up on this -- Will you rent me a cabin, or not? I need to rent a cabin. Neff, you know better than this... You don't care enough about Sam to -- There'll be three, four men at the most. I have some backup, nothing will happen. What are you talking about? Yeah. Sorry I barked at you last night. Just stay out of my face until I'm gone! Corbett ruined my two-way. Go to my place on the Haul Road, tell Anne Marie I'm okay and to sit tight. -- I'm putting him on the plane to Fairbanks, eleven tomorrow. Back at my place... he, uh, broke his leg. Look, Neff, I've got Ben Corbett with me -- Have you heard anything from the girl staying with me, Anne Marie? Sure. Fuck you. Some day these people'll wake up, and you'll be the first one they'll run out of here. I should release Corbett because you want some votes? What does this matter to you? That's what we should've done in the first place. Any idea who could've done it? We'll go with you. Hey, Sam, look over there. Black and white smoke. Mobile Arctic Dwelling -- MAD. -- We appreciate the company. Anne Marie's getting cabin fever already.-- Forget it. And try not to bleed on my throw rugs. Why do this? Pretty clever: If the trappers got that signal beacon and get here in time, Sam's is the first place they'll look. They may figure you're waiting for an airplane, so you can't stay in the shack by the airstrip. Last place they'd expect you is on the far side of town. I can't afford any trouble -- What's the problem with Sam Wilder's place? Aw, Jesus. Told you this was trouble. What about you, big shot? Do something. Who's side are you on, anyway? Dixie's waiting at the infirmary. She'll put a splint on that injured leg. Corbett coming here stinks of trouble. We should make the best of it before it turns around and bites us in the ass. Bet I could make some money turning Ben Corbett in. Maybe more for lettin' him loose. I was up in my cache. Saw the Northland man come talk to you. I just as soon he stay gone. Fool could've got us all killed, arresting Ben Corbett here in town.Okay by me. You're the one likes these hot springs so much. I know. Least you didn't shoot all of them. Let's keep going. We're only an hour from Devil's Cauldron. They'll have to come right past us. Where's the kid? It's Sam Wilder! We were just talking about him. Naah, Wilder knows we got friends in town. Hang on... Remember that Cessna we saw at the pumping station on the Haul Road? Belongs to the guy they got patrolling the pipeline. Meaning he'll need a plane. ...Ben never sent a signal.You're an outsider, Mr. Desmond. Step aside; stay out of it. -- Sam Wilder was my cousin. He's why I came to Alaska. All his letters, saying what a paradise it is. But me ending up dead won't do Sam a lick of good. I'm real sorry. In a while, you're gone from this country. But we live here. No one wants to mix it up with those hombres. Bastards killed Sam, you think they won't kill the rest of us? Look, Mr. Desmond, I didn't count on it turning this ugly. I'm the one should be sorry... Goddamn Kenai, always out for a score. I never should've let him go over there. I was just on my way to your ladyfriend's, but I guess she found you. What's wrong? Jiminy Christmas. What do you want from me? If Corbett's men find out -- -- Here?! Where's Wilder? Not a damn thing. What's going on? Mr. Meyerling was here, all steamed up, looking for you. You don't mind me saying, Mr. Desmond, you look like hell. Snowplow, generator, TV dish... hell, we get the goddamn Playboy Channel! Here, this is for you. Mr. Desmond! Arthur Neff. Area rep for the Federal Assistance Plan. Tell the boys in DC to keep those goodies coming. Dead. Trappers killed him. He saw you and Corbett come in... Stay out of it. You're out of your greedy goddamn mind. Why the smirk? Wilder's missing church services; you believe it?So shoot him. Won't have to feed him that way -- Sit your suspect out in the cold. He'll keep. On a good day I couldn't spare a crosswalk guard. But now, no way. Folks're batshit with the weather turning sour. Bring him in yourself.Doesn't matter. We know where they're going. C'mon. Ease off. We do this my way. Look, we pull Ben's ass out of the fire, I'll get you a whole damn crate of Snickers bars. Quit fucking around. Get in. What you gonna do with it? Large bore's for shit on small game. Go easy. It's a three-hour flight. They shoulda got there yesterday. I called the cops in Fairbanks, see when Ben is standing trial. They don't know shit about Ben or Wilder! It's a long shot. LeMalle. We got a problem. Where's Mitchell? There's what they're waiting on! Musta wanted to keep him from the bears. If Ben killed him, he sure as hell wouldn't hang him up like this. Okay, let's backtrack, try to pick up his trail. You know the kid out on the pipeline that Wilder's buddies with? That plane might've been to throw us off the track. Remember the bait-and-switch Wilder pulled with the Eskimo and his truck? Closest planes for hire are here in Cache. Musta never got a chance to -more-Back against the bars. Now. A certain sonofabitch bastard -more- Question is why they sat here when the storm moved in. Check their stuff while I sniff around. Watch it with Meyerling. Man's as mean and corrupt as they get. Cut his mother's throat if it'd get him a couple votes. I was making my rounds, saw your hangar wide open, plane getting rained on, so I closed it up. I'm not too old to knock the snot out of you! Goddammit, I don't need this aggravation. I'll shoot you, Ben. Bank on it. You better get some sleep. Don't try me. I'll kill you if it comes to it. If that was all, fine. But carving him up, stranding the others, that's too fucking much. Is everything that walks, crawls, flies or swims fair game to you? I got it from here. Thanks. You left a footprint at the Sportsmen's camp. Only pretty sight there, Ben, 'cause the two men you didn't shoot and mutilate died of exposure. But I would. No, I better stay at my post. I'm living proof of that sad fact. Ben...boys. Yeah, real slow, and I'd like to keep it that way. I could've sat tight for the transport, 'til Bob came poking around. ...You give us a ride in the Cessna you got hangared at the pumping station, we'll be in Fairbanks in a few hours. I'm too old for this shit. Damn. Likely that's an SOS. Have to pass on that lunch. What'd you say they call these spaceships? Bet you're right. But I didn't come by to wangle a meal -- This man's friends ain't gonna look favorably on his incarceration. Next plane's not coming 'til next Monday. This is Sam Wilder, Marshal in Devil's Cauldron. Had some killings here. I got a suspect; be real nice if someone came and took him off my hands.