Thanks, Mister D. You think the D.A.'s gonna file on Joanne? She kills the old man and makes it look like Miss Lawson did it. Pretty slick. What good does that do -- it's the old will? What would Joanne Braslow need with an estate attorney? She wasn't even mentioned in Marsh's will. Joanne Braslow is getting more and more interesting. I followed her today to an attorney's office. Joseph Koehler. Right now. Guess who's been buying Coke from him for the last five and half years? I'm sorry to barge in -- but I figured after that bombshell that got laid on you today you could use some good news? Because it hasn't all been erased. It's very good -- because when the D.A's office saw it they assumed it was the end of the tape, otherwise they would have buried it. I would have missed it -- but the phone rang and I let it play while I talked. It looks like blank tape -- but it isn't. It's been erased without any input signal coming in. No -- but I got something. I've been waiting for you to get back. I'm trying. Before you ask there's nothing new on the coke. So -- where do we start? I'm sorry, man -- but I ain't ever heard of no brother dying from gettin' too much pussy. Yeah -- I hear they had 'em a real dog and pony show going on up there - - I'll tell you, sometimes white people are a real puzzle to me. I mean, did this old guy really think he was gonna be able to keep up with a sweet little number like that? How you doin' Mister D?Did I say it was a natural death? For starters I'd like to know why she left the house and didn't report the death? I just wanted to introduce myself and inform Miss Lawson that there will be an inquiry. Then you can go. How? What about the will? So she knew about his heart? What did he say about Miss Lawson? Thank you, Doctor McCurdy. Your witness. What would be the effect if someone secretly administered cocaine to Mr. Marsh and then induced him to make love? -- And if he were in the midst of making love while under the influence of cocaine? Dr. McCurdy, what would cocaine do to someone in Mr. Marsh's condition? Your Honor, the State enters this evidence as exhibit A. Were any fingerprints found on the bottle? Is this the bottle that was found on the nightstand? Then how did it get into his body? So, Mr. Marsh used cocaine? What induced it? Was the heart attack the result of natural causes? What was Mr. Marsh's physical condition prior to his death? Doctor McCurdy, what was the cause of death? Can we put Rebecca Lawson at the scene? Any prints on the nasal spray? What can we prove? What are you saying, Henry? That his girlfriend fucked him to death? But there's more? The official cause? What'd he die of? Cause? Your witness. Did you ever see Mr. Marsh use cocaine? Could you be more specific? What was the nature of the argument? Did they argue the day before he died? What did they argue about? Did Miss Lawson and Mr. Marsh ever argue? Mrs. Crawford, you were Mr. Marsh's maid for nine years? Objection, Your Honor. No questions. Did Miss Lawson ever give you any indication why she was leaving? He was away on an extended vacation and just returned two days ago. Your Honor, Mr. Roston is an ex-lover of Miss Lawson's. You get his statement? Objection! May I remind Mr. Dulaney that the person on trial here is Miss Lawson -- not Dr. Paley. Objection! Mr. Roston's sexual preferences are not at issue in this trial. Objection! Your Honor, Mr. Roston lived with the defendant for many months. I feel that his opinion is valid in substantiating the character of the Miss Lawson. The State's investigation just uncovered Mr. Roston yesterday afternoon in Chicago. Her. It's an obvious move. I'm building a case against her, remember? Really? What does an attorney speak to his client about at her house until three o'clock in the morning? I'm talking to you as a friend now. Don't ruin your life, your career for her. She'll spit you out when this is over. What's happening to you, Frank? You're acting like you're on trial here. This has become personal to you. Hey -- the bell's sounded. It's between rounds. Your Honor -- please! Objection, Your Honor. The fact that Mrs. Crawford heard Mr. Troxell reconstruct her sentence and decided to rephrase her words in a more intelligent manner for the court doesn't mean the incident never happened. Your Honor, I fail to see what Mrs Crawford's educational background has to do with this case. Objection. Your Honor, we don't know where this tape is from. Who made it -- or under what circumstances it was made. Aren't they all? Then she's not as smart as I thought she was. You've seen her in the depositions. Tell me you don't have any doubts? We're going all the way on this one, Frank. Tell your client she has until the prelim to cop a plea for murder two -- fifteen to twenty five. The M.E.'s report stated that Marsh's nasal membranes showed no sign of prior cocaine use. Without the nasal spray we would have still treated it as a poisoning. We would have looked for motive and the trail would have still led back to her. Because she's clever. Because she knows that even if we didn't find it we'd have suspicions as to why a man in Marsh's condition would use cocaine. She planned this. She wanted us to find the nasal spray. Take your pole out of the water, Frank. The fish ain't biting today. Marsh left her close to three million dollars in his will. That's motive. She admits to being there the night of his death. That's opportunity -- and her fingerprints are on the nasal spray bottle. Sit down, Frank. Mr. Marsh's Cardiologist and his nurse have told us that you accompanied Mr. Marsh to their office on at least two occasions. Were you aware of Mr. Marsh's heart condition? Did you use it the night Marsh died? Miss Lawson, do you use cocaine? What did Mr. Marsh say? Did you talk about Miss Lawson? How did he look? Did you see Mr. Marsh the day before his death? Tell the court about that, please. What about Miss Lawson? Did you ever see Mr. Marsh use Cocaine? How long were you Mr Marsh's personal secretary? Thank you. You wouldn't know her address, would you? Her name? Do you know who Mr. Marsh was with? Why did you come by? Miss Braslow -- I'm District Attorney John Cardenas. You arrived at what time tonight? Show me. She was here? Who found him? Is it Marsh? Just one last question. What does the sign on your office door say? Did Miss Lawson ever accompany Mr. Marsh to your office? He did everything he could to take care of his heart? Did Mr. Marsh change his lifestyle after that? Doctor Trammel, when did you first diagnose that Mr. Marsh had heart disease? Thank you. The State rests. Who was your primary beneficiary? Did you change your will while you were with Miss Lawson? What happened after that? If you knew it was bad for you why did you do it? What did she do next, Mr. Roston? Mr. Roston I know this is difficult for you, but it's important you tell the court what she did. What did she say? What would she do that made it hard to resist? Can you give the court an example? When you say your sexual relations with Miss Lawson were intense what exactly do you mean? Why do you think she left you? Why did she say she was leaving? Why not? How did your relationship with Miss Lawson progress after the surgery? And how are you now? What happened next? What kind of condition are you referring to? I know this is a very personal subject, but could you be a little more specific? How would you describe your sex life with Miss Lawson? How long were you together? Mr. Roston, what was your relationship with Miss Lawson? -- And what did you suggest? What did she say? Did you suggest any? What kind of information? Why? What eventually happened to your relationship with Miss Lawson? Did you ever see her again after that? Where did you meet Miss Lawson?Yes -- quite easy. October twenty-seventh. I tell them to pour an amount the size of a quarter into the their hand and mix it with water. It's a white powder that comes in a vial. Chinese peony root. Yes. She suffers from severe menstrual cramps. Yes. I've been seeing her for over a year. Oriental medicine.You did a good job, Charlie. I don't know. Take some time off. Under the law a person cannot profit from their own wrong doing. Since Rebecca Lawson is the sole beneficiary of the new will, if she is found guilty the will is void and Joanne Braslow could make a very good case to have the old will reinstated. Here it is! According to the old will Joanne Braslow was to inherit two hundred and fifty thousand dollars. Joe Koehler. I know him. He's an estate attorney -- and he's very expensive. Charlie -- are you going to make a point soon? You got something on the Coke? Why? So, what good is it to us if it's been erased? You got something on the coke? You've got to get me something I can use, Charlie. I want you to hit all the dealers in town. Give them a list of people close to Marsh and see if any of them use. Then I want you to check out a Doctor Alan Paley. He lives up in Roseburg. We have to find out who else would profit from Marsh's death -- and who knew enough about his personal life to know that putting cocaine in the nasal spray would be fatal. It could've happened to anyone. Fine, Charlie. You familiar with the Marsh case? Can I go? Your Honor, I'm trying to establish a pattern in Dr. Paley's behavior with women. Your Honor, I'm trying to establish the sense of betrayal Miss Lawson felt when she discovered the man she lived with was a different person than she thought he was. I'll rephrase the question. Mr. Roston isn't it true you are bisexual? The opinion of a scorned lover is hardly an objective view. Objection. The question calls for a conclusion on the part of the witness. Your Honor, I don't see a Mr. Roston listed as a prosecution witness. You've been following me? You don't know what you're talking about. That's ridiculous. Back off, John. I didn't hear it. I've got work to do. I'm just curious to see if Mr. Troxell reconstructed anything else. I was just about to make my point, Your Honor. Your Honor, this is a tape from Miss Lawson's answering machine. I would like to play it now. Yeah. Well -- we'll let the blindfolded lady with the scales decide that. She's innocent. I'll tell her but she won't take it. I don't buy it and neither will a jury. Suspicions maybe -- but suspicions aren't enough for a conviction. Why would she want that? C'mon -- think about it. If she was going to kill Marsh why leave the nasal spray bottle there for the police to find? You're bluffing. John, it's me, remember? I've known you since your name was Juan Carlos. Can you? You can't show intent. Lookin' to make the papers, John? No. Miss Lawson came in here voluntarily to answer your questions. She doesn't have to sit here and be insulted. So, either you charge her now or we're leaving. That's it. My client doesn't have to take this crap from you. I mean she only screwed me two or three times a night because she had to -- I'm sure she didn't enjoy it. I'm sure that every orgasm she had with me was faked. Don't you see what she's doing? She needs you to kill me. She's planned it that way from the start. That's why she phoned me tonight. That's all Dr. Paley. No further questions. I suggest it never happened. You're still angry, aren't you? Isn't it true that your whole story is nothing more than a vindictive attempt on your behalf to get back at Miss Lawson? You'll be sorry? And after that didn't you continuously harass Miss Lawson? And the argument was about the fact that you wanted to be romantically involved and she did not. If necessary I can bring in the valet parking attendant and two customers who witnessed the occurrence. You didn't grab her and try to kiss her? Isn't it true that later that night you tried to force yourself on Miss Lawson in the parking lot? Dr. Paley, where were you the last time you saw Miss Lawson? Then you have no way of knowing what Mr. Marsh told Miss Lawson were the reasons for his visits? Did Miss Lawson ever accompany Mr. Marsh inside during his examinations? Did Mr. Marsh ever tell you that he had spoken to Miss Lawson about his illness? Dr. Trammel, did you ever speak to Miss Lawson about Mr. Marsh's condition? One last question, Doctor. If someone didn't know better, would it be easy to mistake the peony root for cocaine? A previous witness stated that she saw Miss Lawson pouring a white powder into her hand on October twenty-eighth. According to your records when did you prescribe the drug? How do you instruct your patients to take it? Would you describe for the court what Chinese peony root looks like? What did you prescribe for her? Did you ever prescribe any medication for her cramps? Why does she come to you? --And is Miss Lawson a patient of yours? Dr. Wong -- what type of medicine do you practice? What else did the District Attorney's Office tell you to say? Then -- those are not your own words? High school? Did you go to college, Mrs. Crawford? What happened? What happened next? Do you remember his exact words? What did he say? How? Did he make your life miserable? -- And what did Dr. Paley do after you stopped seeing him? Then what happened? What was the nature of your relationship with Dr. Paley. Where did you meet him? Miss Sellers, do you know Dr. Alan Paley? Then why did you go see Mr. Koehler in the first place? You didn't know about it before that? Why'd you come here? What do you have in your purse? You killed him -- didn't you, Joanne? Then you would have gotten your money? Because you were jealous. Because he cut you out of the will. Because you have a cocaine habit to feed -- because you know that if Rebecca Lawson is found guilty the new will is void -- and there's a very good chance the old one would be honored. Isn't it true that you put the cocaine in the bottle? Isn't it true that you stopped by the house after you left the drug store and dropped off the items you bought? You see that's what bothers me. No other bottle of nasal spray was found in the house. The police looked. There was only the one bottle. But you say you didn't arrive until after Mr. Marsh was dead -- yet we know he was using the nasal spray prior to his death. How do you think it got there? A.M -- or P.M.? Would you read for us the time of the purchase? There's an item you picked up that's marked. Will you read it? Well - I'm a little confused. This is a charge receipt from Rosen's Drug Store where Mr. Marsh had an account. It's dated the day of the murder. Is this your signature? Two hundred and fifty thousand dollars is a lot of money. That must have made you pretty angry? In his previous will Mr. Marsh left you two hundred and fifty thousand dollars -- then he cut you out. Why do you think he did that? --and that he changed his will? --And that Mr. Marsh paid less attention to you? And you resented that he cared for her in a way he once cared for you? You resented the fact that she told you what to do in Mr. Marsh's house? You don't like her because you were involved with Mr. Marsh before she came along. Isn't that true? You don't like Miss Lawson much do you? You've tried it? Isn't it true that you've been in and out of Rehab centers for the last four years? Money isn't the only reason people commit murder, Miss Braslow. It must have been horrible. Having to go there -- seeing them together - - knowing he was sleeping with her in the same bed he did with you. You're lying. Marsh was wearing a cast on the tape. It was right before he went to Chicago and met Miss Lawson. He dumped you for her, didn't he? I thought he was a kind, gentle man? He video taped you. Well, think about it. Isn't it possible? So, isn't it possible that he was confiding in you about the pain he was feeling about losing what might be his last chance for love? That what he really was saying was that the uncertainty of her leaving was driving him crazy and if it didn't stop it was going to kill him. That if she did leave his heart couldn't take it. So, the woman he loved passionately was thinking about leaving. That must cause tremendous anxiety. Sleepless nights. Incredible stress. Didn't Mr. Marsh also tell you that Miss Lawson felt bored here and was thinking about going back to Chicago for awhile? Could you repeat the last part of what Mr. Marsh said to you the day before his death? Do you remember the date when you saw Miss Lawson in the bathroom? How do you know it was cocaine that Miss Lawson had in the bathroom? How do you know that? What about Miss Lawson? Did Mr. Marsh use drugs? How do you know what kind of sex they had? If you don't know her that well what makes you think she's capable of murder? I take it you don't like Miss Lawson very much? You don't really believe what the district attorney is saying about Miss Lawson, do you? What changed? I'm not asking for names or specifics. I just want to know what prompted you to make the call? I need to ask you a question. What made you get in touch with Joanne Braslow? Hi, Joe. No further questions. Would it be fair to say that when she did find out it was a shock to her? And she left shortly after that? And didn't Miss Lawson come home one day and find you in bed with your male lover? And your sexual tastes were something that you hid from Miss Lawson? How's it supposed to work Rebecca? You and Paley celebrate your victory. You get me over here and provoke a fight so he has to rush in and save you -- but then he's given himself away as your accomplice -- now he has to kill me. After that I figure she'll tell the Police that you broke in. That you were crazed because we humiliated you in court? She's right, Paley. You've got to kill me. She doesn't have to -- she's free -- she can't be tried again -- but you, you planned it with her. You supplied the Coke. You're an accessory to murder. I'm not leaving without that tape. That wasn't the deal. You killed him. You killed him -- and I got you off. Hello? You're a monster. I'm dropping the case. You don't need anybody. You killed him -- didn't you? He was only doing what he thought was right. Rebecca -- we shattered a man's life in open court. What's that for? What are you going you doing? Rebecca -- take these off. Honey. What does that mean? You've been thinking about the case? Or you thought everything out before you killed Marsh? I'm glad you have such confidence in me. Paley could be a problem tomorrow. Can I see you later? It's only the beginning. Alone? I called you all weekend. Where were you? Why would she lie? No, I don't have to believe you. The jury has to believe you and answers like he's lying or she's mistaken aren't going to convince them. That's not good enough, Goddamit! I just left Joanne Braslow. She told me she saw you doing cocaine at Marsh's house! You lied to me! You take a lot for granted. Is that what you think I was thinking? What would? I broke my ankle skating. That ended that dream. Yeah. No -- I wanted to be a professional hockey player. It's going to be hard to convince a jury that he's testifying against you in a murder trial because you blew him off. Tell me about Doctor Paley? It's okay. Yeah. Great. I'll see you at the office at nine. I just wanted to see if my secretary called to confirm your appointment tomorrow. Hi. It's Frank. Nothing. It's not my taste. Oh -- Well, they're different. I think the photographer's probably a voyeur. No -- it just doesn't look right. Because, I'm your attorney. I shouldn't be going to your house. This is your house. Sure. Where to? Why didn't you live together? -- And then? How'd you meet Marsh? If you had what you wanted at home why did you sneak into their yard? Try. Why not? How? As it pertains to you -- not me. Did you always know you had different... tastes? I think we're getting a little off the subject here. We're not animals. No pain, no gain? Those same men will be sitting on the jury. This is a very small town -- people here have very straight views on sex. I want you to know right now that the trial's going to be nasty. Your sex life is going to be dragged through the mud. They're going to say that you enticed Marsh -- led him down a dark path. I'll have you out in a few hours. You still haven't answered my question. You're assuming the District Attorney is going to file charges. Not a very good one I'm afraid. I don't know. That's why I'm asking you. There are no charges against you. I'm here to decide if I'm going to represent you should that occur. Did you kill him? Alright, I'll talk to her Raymond, I'm the only criminal attorney you have. Why? I'm supposed to be on vacation. Andrew Marsh was a very wealthy man. A trial like this is going to put Cardenas in the spot-light. I know what day it is! Get off the phone. Because I'm expecting a call. Michael -- get off the phone. I love you. Well, that's kind of how I am right now. You know how it is sometimes when you're out playing ball with your friends? How you're really concentrating on what you're doing -- and you lose track of time and you come home late and Mom yells at you? Hey, you know better than that. What did I teach you to say when someone is accused of doing something? What are they saying? I can back it up. Your Honor -- the prosecution has introduced cocaine as one of the contributing reasons Mr. Marsh died. How it may have been introduced into the household is of vital importance. How often do you use cocaine? Mr. Roston? Objection. The witness has already stated that Miss Lawson left without an explanation. But Your Honor-- No, Your Honor. "Discourteous insinuations about his sexual abilities." Who told you to say that? Is this what you want -- huh? Is it? You think that's the answer? Sex? Is that what you want? You want me to make love to you? It's more involved than that. I don't know. Please -- not now. You wouldn't like what you'd see. You don't know me anymore. I don't know me anymore. I know. I was thinking that when the trial is over we'd all go skiing for a weekend. No. I'm not. Because I knew you'd think exactly what you're thinking. Yes. Working. Charlie and I were going over some statements. Sharon, it's late. Can we get to the point? What's wrong? Yeah -- what are you doing up? Yeah -- fine. Excuse me. I'll be right back. Because I go to trial in seven weeks. I've got a lot of preparing to do. I'll talk to him later. I can think of worse ways to go-- Humped Yeah -- but can she cook? Attractive. Bright. Distant. Charming when she wants to be. I don't know yet. I want to hear what she says at her statement tomorrow. He must have something or he wouldn't be pressing so hard. Some example you set. I know. What can I do? He is the boss. Hello?... Hi Raymond.... What?... Well, I was sort of planning on... Alright... Okay, goodbye. That was Sattler. He thinks the D.A.'s going to file on Rebecca Lawson. He wants me in the office tomorrow morning. Can't it wait? I'm always open to learning new things. And I suppose you're going to show me how to relax? Really? I am relaxing.Counsel approach the bench. You may call your next witness. Objection sustained. Alright -- I'm going to allow his testimony. Why didn't the State's investigation uncover Mr. Roston earlier? You better. Please answer the question. Are you able to back up this allegation -- or are you fishing? Miss Braslow, I'd like to remind you that you are still under oath. The witness will answer the question. Mr. Cardenas, I suggest you move on to another line of questioning. That's it, Mr. Dulaney. Take a seat. Maybe you don't know what it's like where Mrs. Crawford comes from -- but I do. I came from a neighborhood just like hers. This is a whole other world for her. She's a poor working woman who has been thrust into a room full of highly educated and mostly unsympathetic people. So, she puts on her best dress, fixes her hair and tries to present herself as intelligently as possible. Being poor and having pride is not a crime, Mr. Dulaney -- and before you attempt to impeach another witness' testimony in my courtroom -- your foundations better be based on something other than semantics. Mr. Dulaney, before you cast aspersions on the District Attorney's Office by suggesting they've coaxed this witness to say things that aren't true -- you better have more than a hunch. Do you? Do it quickly, Mr. Dulaney.It would be the same as shooting a gun at him. It would be an added stress to his heart. Increase his heart rate. Yes -- those of Mr. Marsh and a thumb print of Miss Lawson's. Yes. We found a bottle of Dristan nasal spray on the nightstand. It was filled with water and cocaine. Mr. Marsh had a head cold at the time of his death. I believe he wasn't aware that he was ingesting cocaine. I don't think so. The membrane in his nasal passage didn't show any sign of long time usage. We found a high concentration of cocaine in his blood. No. Very poor. He was suffering from severe arterial disease. A massive cardiac arrest. Cocaine is the last thing a man in his condition would want. We know Marsh had a head cold. We found cocaine mixed with water in a nasal spray container on the nightstand. The coke would contract the nasal membrane the same as any decongestant, but for a much shorter time. He'd keep using more and more -- never knowing what he was taking. Yes. That's what my report will read. The official cause of death was a cardiac arrest. Marsh wasn't alone. We found traces of sperm on the sheets. The toxicology report says there were high levels of cocaine in his blood. Not sure. I'll have everything you need tomorrow. About three hours.I gotta go. I'll call you later. -- But it's Sunday. Why? I love you too, Dad. Is Mom yelling at you too? Yeah. She allegedly humped him to death? The kids at school say she humped Mr. Marsh to death. Daddy -- stop it! Sorry. Not even if they're a dork? No, it's not. Now I get to pitch. Albert's got the stomach flu.No. She stopped by to pick up some papers. His Secretary. Joanne Braslow. Yeah. It had to get there somehow. Did Marsh use it? What time did you leave? We have a witness who saw you go into the house at four thirty.She was. Yes. I woke up the next morning and she was gone. I couldn't help myself. You get lost inside a women like her. It was like a drug. It was the best sex I ever had. She started touching herself and telling me how much she wanted me. She reached down and put me inside her. My doctor had warned me about exerting myself -- but you really don't think of those things at a moment like that. You just think about how beautiful this woman is -- how much you want her. How deeply you want to please her. At first it started off slowly -- but the rhythm built and built. Every time I got close to an orgasm she would stop. Eventually I started to have trouble breathing. Rebecca just kept going -- faster and faster. No matter what I said she wouldn't stop. I really thought for a moment I was going to die. She said she was going to fuck me like I've never been fucked before. She told me that tonight we were going to open new doors. I asked her to stop -- to take off the handcuffs, but she wouldn't listen. She's a woman who is very much aware of her own sexuality. Sometimes I felt she could read my mind. It was uncanny how she knew exactly what I wanted. A few nights before my heart surgery Rebecca woke me. She had handcuffed me to the bed. It's hard to resist a woman as beautiful as she is. It was like sex was a game to her. She got off on the control. She always used to tell me it had to be her way. It was like she was trying to push me as far as she could. She called it opening new doors. Well -- I think that after the operation she realized that... She didn't. She just left. She left me. It didn't. Fine. The doctors say if I keep taking care of myself I can live to be a very old man. I had bypass surgery. I had a bad heart. It was wild. She was constantly trying to get me more and more worked up -- kinky things. I tried to satisfy her the best I could, but it was difficult in my condition. Intense. For about one year. We were lovers. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.Because he wasn't dead when she left, and even if he was, not reporting a natural death in a timely fashion isn't a crime. An inquiry into what? I don't think that this is the time, or the place. She's waiting in the conference room. Well, I guess that makes you the best. Look, Frank -- she stands to inherit three million dollars. As executors of the estate and her attorneys that could generate a lot of legal fees for us. All I'm asking you to do is talk to her. Because I told her you were the best criminal attorney we have. I know -- but she wants you to represent her if Cardenas files. We've already got press arriving from over the country and she hasn't even been charged yet. Cardenas wants to see her in his office tomorrow at ten. I'd like you to go with her.