Mr. Duke tonight I'm prepared to offer you your sum of one hundred thousand dollars, payable only after you provide American Casefile with incontrovertible proof of -- I understand. However, our audience should be aware that you only charged forty thousand dollars to catch the Idaho skin stretcher. In the media, you've frequently been described as "salty" -- Well, let's hope not! -- But this time they bombed him and then cremated the body. Eight times. Mr. Duke, how can you claim that Jason Voorhees is not truly dead?-- yeah, yeah, yeah. You just have your hundred grand ready. For that you get the machete...the mask...the whole damn thing. Skin stretcher was human. -- look, just shut up. Let's cut through the shit. You asked me here because you want me to catch and kill Jason Voorhees for ya'. I'll do it, but it won't be easy...and it won't be cheap. One hundred grand, non- negotiable. Yeah, that'd be a big shame... They coulda danced a jig on it an' fed it to goats -- don't matter. Ya' can't kill Jason by gettin' rid of his body. He'll come back the way he always do, to drag the kiddies into the darkness and crush their little skulls -- maybe even your skull, Mr. Campbell. Eight times. They've burned him, dipped him in nuclear waste -- How many times has Jason been reported killed before, Mr. Campbell? I know everything about you, Diana. You know what I want. You know why I need you. Then maybe I should offer it to your daughter... Thirty. Name your price. Everyone has a price, what's yours? Twenty. You know he's not...and he's coming for you. I'm going to kill Jason Voorhees -- and I need you to help me. I need to talk to you. Yes. You think you can lock me up in this piss-ass prison? Hell, this place is motel fuckin' six to me. Information like that is very expensive and you don't have the balls to pay the price. Sorry. For a good reason. That's what I'd like to know. That's very colorful, chief. Careful, Chief. I don't think you know who I am. She's your lady only cause she ain't had a taste of the Duke yet. Why don't you blow me, Chief. After your girlfriend gets through. Maybe you should mind your own business.Good night, beautiful. Everything'll work out. Trust me on that. So's he and he knows it. Listen...don't you worry about Ed. He'll come around. He's too good a Sheriff to let you give him the slip. Sorry, Di. I was just going to my car. I didn't mean to frighten you...I'm gonna get your outta this. Just hang tight. Okay? Don't do anything stupid. I'll be back later. You just be cool, okay. I know, I know, I'm sorry but the Sheriff is just berserk right now. C'mon. I'm sorry. I have to bring you to a cell. Yeah... Have a good night. Sorry, I'm working now. You see, I have a job... I'm now begging you. Oh my God, Steven. Oh, c'mon, would you stop, please? Steven, c'mon, we're not thirteen... What are you doing? It was a community service. Hell, when Steven was a kid, he was like, having strippers delivered to church Bingos and shit. Jesus, Steven, that's...that's really lovely.June the 19th. What's the problem here? Okay, I'll call you later. Okay. So how is Jessica? You talked to her lately? Steven buggin' you? Legs giving you trouble? Everything going okay? Lock this asshole up. Tell me! Tell me. Why did you want her body? Where the fuck is she, Duke?! Take him to my car. I'll be out in a minute. I know who you are and the last thing we need around here is some freak show "bounty hunter" making trouble. I want you outta town and I want you outta town now! Goddamnit! You're talking about my lady. Get up! Maybe you should be moving on. Oh, you stupid, sorry son-of-a- bitch... My God...you are one sorry son-of-a- bitch. -- Miscarriage?! Who the fuck told you Jessica had a miscarriage?! You call what you did bad?! You knocked her up and then left her! -- Bad?! That's a lie. Diana would never talk to you about Jessica. Not after what you did to her. About what? Then why were you at her house?! She didn't want anything to do with you. You don't know shit! The truth? That Josh, a man I've trusted with my own life on more than one occasion -- let me see if I've got the order right here -- tried to rape Diana...got the back of his head blown off...took a poker through the gut...fell through a plate glass window and then magically disappeared into the night. Until I hear the truth. Oh, my dear God...I'm here. The what? So let's talk. Diana -- you heard from Jessica lately? Okay. What am I gonna do -- I'm locked up in a friggin' cell?! Okay. Are you crazy?! Well? Gotta go. See you guys later. Wanna know how I did that? Randy, c'mon! Randy, you dipshit! Take these off! Listen, since I got you on the phone -- ask the guys there if they wanna chip in for a hooker. I'll send her right over. Her name is Vicki. Yeah, well somebody fucked her and if I find out it was you, I'm gonna come over there and shoot you in the head. Is this Anthony?...Yeah, well, I just have one question for you, Anthony -- did you fuck my dog? ...and it's now ringing...ringing... and -- Hello? Anthony's Pizzeria? Yeah, this is officer Randy Parker over at the station. Next, you dial a number. Showing Vicki what she missed out on by being such a dull kid. Now, the first thing you need in making a prank call is, of course, a phone. This one, for instance. Absolutely. The church even sent me an autographed picture of God. Ward! I mean, how can you go through life without never having made a prank call? She did have a miscarriage, didn't she? Didn't she?! She did! No -- she left me! After her miscarriage, I -- Look, I know I treated her bad -- About Jessica. She asked me to come over. She said she had something to tell me. I didn't kill her! I know what it sounds like. I've told you the truth. How many times do you want to hear this? He was dead. He had to be dead... Ten dollars! Hell, I can't do that to you -- you can have her for a pizza. She's a waitress at Joey B's but she needs some extra cash. Ward's the pimp. Disgusting? Bingo night was sold out for six months after that! They raised enough money to build a day care center. I'm sorry to hear that. A famous man once said -- there is no worse regret then a temptation resisted. You mean never as in really never, or never as in it was just so stupid you don't want to tell us about it? What do you mean you've never made a prank call?