Now you're back. Nothing's changed. Then again, something has changed, hasn't it? Oskar - my friend Lena.The gentleman thinks a mistake's been made. Klaus Tauber. Sir, the list is correct. He's on the list. If he were an essential worker, he would not be on the list. He's on the list. You can't have him. Itzhak Stern? He's on the list.In Breslau. There are some things that are unclear. We need to talk. Your friend Amon Goeth has been arrested.Where are the guards? Yeah, all right, don't tell me, I'll go along with it, it's just irritating to me I can't figure it out. You did, but you didn't. If you admit to making three, then it's four, actually. But how? Yeah, sure. You're not telling me something. Oh, this is "good business" in your opinion. You've got to move them, the equipment, everything to Czechoslovakia - it doesn't make any sense. What are you, Moses? What is this? Where's the money in this? What's the scam? You want these people. I don't know. Soon. They're taking mine. When I said they didn't have a future I didn't mean tomorrow. Auschwitz. I got a shipment of Hungarians coming in, I got to make room for them. It's always something. I tried to call you, I'm running a little late, this is taking longer than I thought. Have a drink. I want him. Come on, let's go inside, let's have a good time. He's important to my business. It's true. Never happen in Cracow, though, we all love you too much. Do you have any idea what's involved? The paperwork alone? Forget you got to build it all, getting the fucking permits, that's enough to drive you crazy. Then the engineers show up. They stand around and they argue about drainage - I'm telling you, you'll want to shoot somebody, I've been through it, I know. That you know the meaning of the word gratitude. That it's not some vague thing with you like with some guys. Scherner told me something else about you. Some of the boys went crazy, what're you going to do? You're right, it's bad business, but it's over with, it's done. Occasionally, sure, okay, you got to make an example. But that's good business. We're going to be making so much money, none of this is going to matter - They're not gone, they're here. He looks great, though, doesn't he? I have to know - where do you get a suit like that? what is that, silk? It's great. You know, they told me you were going to be trouble - Czurda and Scherner. We started without you.Takes diamonds to stay on this list. You want to stay on it? What do you got for me? Hey, Poldek, how's it going? You know about the list? You're on it. Ghetto Police. I'm a policeman now, can you believe it? This is not my problem. So I'm responsible for the weather? You asked for shoe polish. What's that?You're a good man. God bless you, sir. I work hard for you. I'll continue to work hard for you. The SS beat me up. They would have killed me, but I'm essential to the war effort, thanks to you. I want to thank you, sir, for giving me the opportunity to work.Pistols? We're losing the war, aren't we. Oh, God, you don't have a drink? Thank you. How do you do? Oskar, good of you to come.Now I'm back, and you know what I'm going to do now? I'm going to have a good time. So are you. Things worked out. I made some money over there, had some laughs, you know. It was good. How do you do? What can I get you, what're you drinking? My plant manager is somewhere on this train. If it leaves with him on it, it'll disrupt production and the Armaments Board will want to know why. I didn't ask you about the list, I asked you your name. What's your name? I'm talking to a clerk. Well, let's find him. He is. He's essential. Without him, everything comes to a grinding halt. If that happens - It's up to you. It's a beautiful city. What? War. A charade? How could it be a charade? You would, though. That's what I'm saying. What - You know what, you'd like her. Breslau? I can't go to Breslau. Not now. All right, okay, let's talk. I'd love to, it'll have to wait until I get back. I have to leave. I'm sorry to hear that. The guards aren't allowed on the factory floor. They make my workers nervous. All you have to do is tell me what it's worth to you. What's a person worth to you. I just told you. It's good for me - I know them, I'm familiar with them. It's good for you - you'll be compensated. It's good for the Army. You know what I'm going to make? Artillery shells. Tank shells. They need that. Everybody's happy. Look - It's good business. These people, my people, I want my people. When? You took my workers. What's going on? What do you want for him, I'll give it to you. You held back Stern. You held back the one man most important to my business. I pay you too much. Well, you've been through it. You know. You could make things easier for me. True. Yeah, what's that? It's bad business. Every day that goes by, I'm losing money. Every worker that is shot, costs me money - I have to get somebody else, I have to train them - They're mine! I go to work the other day, there's nobody there. Nobody tells me about this, I have to find out, I have to go in, everybody's gone - I'd say I'd get you one but the guy who made it, he's probably dead, I don't know. You're kidding. Good. Yeah, okay. That's great, thanks. That's great. You're welcome, I'm sure you're doing a great job. Yeah? Yeah, that'd be nice, let me get my coat. I've been here. I guess I haven't been out. I'm having a drink, come on in, we'll have a drink. Things are great, things are great. How should I know? It's broken. See what you can do. What's the matter, everything all right at home? Mila's okay? How you feeling, all right? I don't know, ten or twelve. That's a good color. Dark blues, grays. Nice things cost money. There's nothing in the stores. Pistols, rifles, carbines ... I'd be grateful. It kind of looks that way. One of these days the Russians are going to show up unannounced at my gate. I'd like the chance to defend myself. I'd like my wife to have that chance. My civilian engineers. My secretary. Wine? I need a drink. Are you kidding, I never miss a party. Police Chief Rasch, my wife Emilie. Did I threaten anybody here? I stated a simple fact. He's got no style, we all know that. So, we should hang him for it? So I'll talk to him about it. Done. Lets not talk about it anymore, let's have a good time. Whoever. They're the ones. They'd appreciate some kind of gesture from me. No, look. It's the others. They're the ones causing these delays. I didn't do enough. If I'd made more money ...I threw away so much money, you have no idea. If I'd just ... I could've got more ... if I'd just ... I don't know, if I'd just ... I could've got more... No, no, what, what is it? You don't? I do. I see a difference. No? Well, sure. So would I. So would you. I wouldn't worry about it. We'll get it right one of these days. Well, that's to be expected. They have to understand. These are start-up problems. This isn't pots and pans, this is a precise business. I'll write them a letter. They arrived, can you believe it? Stern. Yes. Give or take what, Stern - how many - count them. More. Well, I'll talk to somebody. I'll take care of it. I'll talk to him. I'll admit it's a weakness. I don't think he enjoys it. All right, he does enjoy it, so what? What do you expect me to do about it? You have to understand, Goeth's under enormous pressure. You have to think of it in his situation. He's got this whole place to run, he's responsible for everything that goes on here, all these people - he's got a lot of things to worry about. And he's got the war. Which brings out the worst in people. Never the good, always the bad. Always the bad. But in normal circumstances, he wouldn't be like this. He'd be all right. There'd be just the good aspects of him. Which is a wonderful crook. A guy who loves good food, good wine, the ladies, making money... It's dangerous. It's dangerous, to me, personally. No, I'm not losing money, that's not the point. You think I don't know what you're doing? You're so quiet all the time? I know. I got to go, I'll see you. This, I don't know, maybe you can trade it for something. Ah, yes. You try to be fair to people, they walk out the door; I've never understood that. What's next? Don't ever do that to me again. What? Any reason to think next month will be worse? Better this month than last? I could try to read this or I could eat my lunch while it's till hot. We're doing well? But it's less. It's less than what I would pay a Pole. That's the point I'm trying to make. Poles cost more. What was that about the SS, the rate, the ... ? They should be. Something they can hold in their hands. Well, they wouldn't own it, I'd own it. I'd pay them back in product. They can trade it on the black market, do whatever they want, everybody's happy. Jews, yeah. Investors. The contracts? That's the easy part. Finding the money to buy the company, that's hard. Once the war ends, forget it, but for now it's great, you could make a fortune. Don't you think? Simple engineering, though, wouldn't you think? Change the machines around, whatever you do, you could make other things, couldn't you? Of course he's stealing from me, we're in business together. What is this? I'm sitting here, suddenly everybody's talking like this is something bad. We take from each other, we take from the Army, everybody uses everybody, it works out, everybody's happy. What's he done that's so bad - take money? That's a crime? Come on, what are we here for, to fight a war? We're here to make money, all of us. He was a metal press operator, quite skilled. Would it do any good? I lost a day of production. I lost a worker. I expect to be compensated.You did so much. There will be generations because of what you did. Oskar, there are twelve hundred people who are alive because of you. Look at them. I'll talk to you later. You'll lose money. I know what you're saying, but I don't see the difference. There's a rumor you've been going around miscalibrating the machines. I don't think that's a good idea. They're withholding payment. They arrived. We need to talk. That's very generous of you. Eight hundred, give or take. Four hundred, four fifty - I think it's too late. There's nothing you can do. I'm not asking you to do anything. You came into my office. And killing. What other point is - Are you losing money? Oskar - Thank you. Christmas presents. Do what? There's a machinist outside who'd like to thank you personally for giving him a job. The war could end. Yes. Yes. The Jewish worker's salary, you pay it directly to the SS, not to the worker. He gets nothing. I don't know anybody who'd be interested in that. Pots and pans. Jews can no longer own businesses, sir, that's why this one's for sale. Get the contracts and I'm sure you'll do very well. In fact the worse things get the better you'll do. It was a "pleasure." I think most people right now have other priorities. I was just the accountant.He's stealing from you, Oskar. There's taking money and there's taking money, you know that. He's taking money. A one-armed machinist, Oskar? No. File a grievance with the Economic Office, it's your right. It's got nothing to do with reality, Oskar, I know it and you know it, it's a matter of national priority to these guys. It's got a ritual significance to them, Jews shoveling snow.