Sam, if you're not doing anything New Year's -- obviously you're not doing anything New Year's -- we're having some people over, all of them married, not one even remotely interested in playing around. Does that sound great or what? I can't think of the last time I was at a party when anything actually happened. The point is, take the client out to dinner and ask her to marry you and then maybe we won't have to redo the kitchen cabinets. Grace heard it. Which means --Right, right. It is easier to be killed by a terrorist -- How about rapacious and love- starved? What kind of person would write to someone they heard on the radio?You'll like it. You'll see. You'll find out. Great. They'll have a parade in your honor. You'll be Man of the Year in Seattle Magazine. Tira misu. Well. Things are different. First, you have to be friends. You have to like each other. Then you neck. This can go on for years. Then you have tests. Then you get to do it with a condom. The good news is, split the check. When's the latest time you were out there? Everywhere. You can't even turn on the news without hearing about how some babe thought some guy's butt was cute. Who the first babe to say this was I don't know, but it caught on. And that's what I'm trying to tell you. What women are looking over, okay? Pecs and a cute butt. Sandy has a girlfriend, Clenda ... She's a weightlifter, but it's not like her neck is bigger than her head or anything -- Hey, my plate is full.Howard. I'm Jonah. That's my dad. His name is Sam. Are you Annie? Oh God, it's major. He's kissing her on the lips. I have to stop this. This is a complete disaster. I wanted him to find a wife, but he's got the wrong one -- Please -- And you crazy? He thinks shows like this are dumb. If you didn't have an 800 number I could never get away with this -- Tell her how you don't sleep at night. Okay, but if I get yelled at, I'm never gonna listen to this show again. I don't know -- Yeah. It's very hard for him to talk about this stuff. It's like it makes him sadder. No. I'm worried about him, he's worried about me, I ride my bike to school, he follows in the car, like I'm not supposed to know he's there. Now it's Christmas, and you know what happens to people at Christmas. I've been pretty sad, but I think my dad is worse. She died. He doesn't have one now. That's the problem. It's not for me. It's for my dad. I think he needs a new wife. It's not that late in Seattle. I don't know. Do I? Window. But how am I going to get there? Eighty dollars. Do you know how much it costs to go to New York? I don't get it. Yeah. What's that? You think so? Dad, could you close the door? Sure. Okay. It was all they had. No. No. If I didn't go. I was scared of what you were gonna do. No. I'm not leaving this room until you say yes. Did too. You said we could go to New York. Shut up? Shut up??? Mom never did that. Mom never said shut up to me. Mom never yelled at me. What's wrong with Annie? Fine. I won't say anything. You can marry Count Dracula. This is the one I like. Are you going with her? It might be in the kitchen. The reason I know this and you don't is that I'm younger and purer so I'm more in touch with cosmic forces. The one who wrote us. Dad, I was talking to Jessica about reincarnation, and she thinks that probably you knew Annie in another life. Victoria? She's okay. Was Mom an adjustment? If she knew, she'd never forgive me. It would be hopeless for the two of you. It's a short word. I just called for a second. No. The water tastes better in the kitchen. I was thirsty. I thought I saw a black widow spider. Thanks for dinner. I never saw anybody cook potatoes that way. Okay. It's only ten o'clock. Why is she bringing that bag? I figure we could go to New York, catch the Knicks, and since we'd be there anyway, obviously we'd go to the Empire State Building -- She doesn't want us to go to Baltimore. She wants to meet us in New York City on Valentine's Day. On top of the Empire State Building. It's a sign. Dad! WAIT!!! -- "and while we're on the subject, let's just say right now that Brooks Robinson was the best third baseman ever. It's important that you agree with me on that because I'm from Baltimore." Dad, she thinks Brooks Robinson is the greatest. Just this one part, okay? "I have been an excellent third-baseman for as long as I or anyone else can remember, and I guarantee you will not get one past me" Listen to this -- Her name is Annie. Annie Reed. This is a good letter, Dad. Great. Sleepless and Son. Baltimore. Good. I'm starting to forget her. Like do you believe in heaven? I miss her. What do you think happens to someone after they die? Bye bye blackbird. Our house. There was water coming in all the windows. It was sinking. How do you know? Dad, this is amazing. If you play this backwards, it says "Paul is dead." Hi, Dad. Dad, this is Jessica. Jed's got cables. In the movies women are always scratching up guy's back and screaming and stuff. When they're having sex. Will she scratch up your back? If you get a new wife, I guess you'll have sex with her, huh? It doesn't. They ask you. -- a slice of pizza -- English muffin. How do you do it? Dad, you're not taking this seriously. She's willing to fly anywhere. Somewhere in the middle. This is no good. She's looking for someone French. Or Greek. "Dear Sleepless in Seattle: I live in Tulsa." Where is that? -- "Dear Sleepless in Seattle: I am an SWF"-- What is that? You have to give them your phone number or they won't let you go on the air. They called and asked for it. "Dear Sleepless in Seattle. You are the most attractive man I've ever laid ears on." Stressed. Shouldn't you have used a toggle bolt? So I can go. Jed is having a slumber party New Year's Eve and he invited me. I forgot to mention. Jed called -- P. Dad? Dad -- No, I'm not, but -- Dad, I don't know about this one -- Nobody else is going to know it was us. It plays in 50 states. Not. Right. Dad? About last night? It's a spice rack. I can hear you walking around sometimes. At first I thought it was a robber. Go ahead, tell her, Dad. There's somebody on the phone for you. His name is Sam. Dad -- I think they're announcing your flight. Sure. I'd really like that. Thank you so much. We ought to start camping again, Dad. Do you like it? What about camping? Do you like baseball? Hi. He should book now because we can get an excursion fare. Jessica's parents are travel agents and --The one in the street. I chased after you. It's you. Hi. So far so good. So. What should we talk about? How insecure we were in high school. Shirley Votypka, the first girl I ever felt up. Health. What about health? Did you know that eating six macadamia nuts is the equivalent of eating a steak? Hello. Magic. You touch her for the first time, and suddenly... you're home. It's almost like... Sure you do -- Thanks, but I'll pass. It's kind of a big night. I don't like to leave Jonah alone. Why me? What about Jay? Grace the dispatcher. Great. Great. This is great. The whole town knows. Just out of curiosity, how do you two know? The cabinets have to be redone -- And if I could describe it, it probably wouldn't be on a radio show. But what the hell. It's not one specific thing. It's more of a feeling. I don't think I could really describe it. I don't know. When I met my wife, it was so clear. I just knew . It's hard to imagine. What's she talking about? Look, Doctor, I don't want to be rude, but -- No. It's been about a year and a half. All righ... I'm not mad at you. Okay, I'm not mad at you. Jesus, are we on the air? Jonah, for God's sake -- Who is this? I'm probably not interested in whatever you're selling. Hello. This is going to be tougher than I thought. Some woman is going to want me to do it to her and I'm not going to know what it is. What is it? What's tira misu? I don't think it could let a woman pay for dinner. Seventy... eight. You mean, like, "He has the cutest butt"? Where did I hear that recently? I'm not asking you to set me up, Jay. That's not what I need your help for. I want to know what it's like over there. Well, okay. What's the big deal? If she'll forget the new fireplace, I'll marry her. Just point me in the right direction. What do you mean, okay? Wouldn't you like a dog? Maybe we'll get a dog when we get back. I can't believe you flew first class. I mean, so far, have I screwed it up for you? Listen, have I ever done anything really stupid? When I found you? What if I couldn't get to you? Goddammit, I am sick of this -- Get out. I can't know what I said, but we're not going. Did not. This conversation is finished. Shut up. Thank you, Jonah. But the point is, I am not asking permission. I have to have a life. I have to do things that I want with people my own age. It's none of your business who I am going out with. I don't give a good goddam if you're angry -- Yes. I'm only going to be away one night, okay, and Clarise will be here. You'll have a swell time. You'll watch a little Geraldo, some Nightmare on Elm Street 12, I'll never know. Have you seen my wallet? I sincerely hope you are not going to marry Jessica. Who is Annie? God, she's beautiful. I'm never going to meet anyone who's going to measure up to your mom in your eyes? What do you think? There's a perfect woman walking around out there? Jonah, this isn't fair. You don't know Victoria. I hardly know her myself. She is, in fact, a mystery to me. She tosses her hair a lot. Why does she do this? I have no idea. Is it a twitch? Does she need a haircut? Should she use barrette so it doesn't keep falling in her face? These are things that I'm willing to get to the bottom of, and that is why I am dating her. That is all I am doing. I am not marrying her. Can you appreciate the difference? That's what single people do, they try people on and they see if they fit. But nobody fits perfectly, everyone is an adjustment. This is not a joke. Thank God Victoria doesn't know. It would really have hurt her feelings. Long enough to call Victoria a ho. Everyone at work heard you. Did you call that radio station again? That's true. Why is that? There's a bathroom upstairs. What are you doing up? Don't ever do that again. I'm glad you liked it. Good night, Jonah. Thank Victoria for dinner. Jonah! Okay, tiger. Time for bed. She's going to cook something for us? There she is. Perfect. We'll be there. Here is Seattle. And here is Baltimore. Case closed. Oh, right. Everyone thinks Brooks Robinson is the greatest. Jonah, I'm leaving -- Not now, Jonah -- Now I'm late. Bye. The heels on these shoes are very large. Why have I never noticed this? The heels on these shoes are grotesque. I look stupid. I look stupid, don't I? I look like I'm trying too hard. I was going to get a haircut but then I thought I'd look like I just got a haircut. This one's for both of us. I... uh... have a date with someone Friday night. I know. But she's here, Jonah. Because I have you. And as long as I have you, I have your Mom. I never did. Or the whole idea of an afterlife. But I don't know any more. I have these dreams about... your mom... and we have long talks about... about you, and how you are, which she sort of knows but I tell her anyway. So what is that? It's sort of an afterlife, isn't it? I don't know. Is that what she used to sing? You're worried we're going to be all right. We're going to be all right. I remember sometimes you'd have nightmares as a baby. Your mom would hold you and rock you and sing you a song. What was? I know. It's nice to meet you, Jessica. Go to sleep. Whose show was this on? What? What do you think? I'm starting to notice that. But not dinner necessarily on the first date because by the time you're halfway through dinner you might be sorry you asked them to dinner whereas if it's just a drink, if you like them you can always ask them for dinner but if you don't you can go home if you see what I mean. I wonder if it still works this way. You see someone you like, you get a feeling about them, you ask them if they want to have a drink or -- This is not how you do it. You want this on an English muffin or a bun? She looks like my third grade teacher. I hated my third grade teacher. Hold it! Wait a minute! She is my third grade teacher! I'm not going to think about what they're not teaching you in school. I am not going to think about it. Generally speaking I think we should rule out people who don't live somewhere near here -- Oklahoma. Do you know where that is? Thank God. Something you don't know. It's a single white female. How did they get our phone number? Just out of curiosity, how did they get our address? Right. I'm sorry, Jonah, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm just -- I think I know how to have a spice rack. Sure. Looking good. Fine. Fine. Just out of curiosity, do you have any friends whose names don't begin with a J? I feel like it was a failure of the imagination on our part naming you Jonah. What is marjoram? Does anyone know? What? Does red pepper go under R or P? What's the matter with this one? Wouldn't you like to have Imelda Marcos as your mother? Oh, you're changing your mind -- You're right. You better hope so. What?! How many people do you think heard that thing last night? My feelings exactly. It's never happening again. Right? We desperately need a spice rack. Desperately. The hopes are perfect -- beautiful, identical, smooth -- and they are for something really amazing I feel it in my bones -- I don't think I have to now. What is it? Thanks, but... we've got plans. Yes? Hi. Look, I met somebody. She's good, and capable and smart. We hit it off. We can't spend your life chasing after fantasies. Anyway, Victoria's nice. What do you mean? Now that I'm seeing someone, it's a whole other thing. It'll take him a while to come around. A month ago he called one of those radio call-in shows and told them I needed a wife -- I tried to talk to her... It was like I knew her. Weird. God, it's wonderful to see you. Where's Greg? Move on. Right. That's what I'm going to do. In a few months, boom, I'll be fine, I'll just grow a new heart. Microwave. Five minutes. Sure. Sure. It takes time -- I read an article about this ... He's ten. No. After he was born, every time we started to make love, he would cry. He had an uncanny sense of timing. We really shouldn't do anything here anyway. I've already solved it. I've hired a hit man. We can't finish the job. She's on her sixth painter, now she's thinking maybe she wants the fireplace rebricked -- So whatdya say? I'll get the check, and I'll call you in eight months. You are the first woman I'm going out with. You could have called me -- You did? You look good. Hi.So you're angry. Big deal. What am I going to do with a microwave? That's good. Nope. Nope. There's no why, Annie. I'm just not up for it. I never said I was.Any time. Yes, I did. It rains nine months of the year in Seattle. Annie, when you meet someone and you're attracted to them, it just means that your subconscious is attracted to their subconscious, subconsciously. So what we think of as chemistry is just two neuroses knowing that they are a perfect match. I got married because Betsy said we had to break up or get married. So we get married. What?What? Yes. Some people will do anything to get out of going to a symphony. I think that's what I'm saying. Not really. Look, Annie, I love you. Let's leave that out of it. I don't want to be someone you're settling for. I don't want to be someone anyone settles for. I have a life insurance policy, I'm fully invested in growth stocks, I have a paid subscription to Home Rox Office, I have no sexual diseases, I have been steadily employed in a part of the economy that isn't soft, I have expectation in the way of inherited wealth, I dress nicely, I am a member of the private sector, an independent voter, I don't watch Monday Night Football, the only thing wrong with me is that I am allergic to wheat, strawberries, penicillin, pollen, nuts and wool. There are plenty of women who see me as the brass ring. If you don't -- marriage is hard enough without bringing such low expectations into it, isn't it? At the top of the Empire State Building -- So what happened? -- it was a betrayal. Beautiful view, isn't it? It was my mother's. It's just like my grandmother's china. You couldn't. No. What? Ever since Christmas, you've been different. Kind of distracted, distant. But I feel like you're coming back from wherever you were. Okay, okay. When you get back, I'll be gone -- Couldn't you just do a phone interview? That doesn't make any sense. Miss Scarlett. In the broom closet. With the radio. Who is it? Does it have wheat in it? What is it? Go to the Symphony -- We'll stay at the Plaza -- I was thinking, I have to go up to Boston for the AAP convention and then visit Winston-Hughes about switching over our computers. Why don't we meet in New York for Valentine's Day weekend? Happy New Year, darling. I'll wait. You sure you don't want to drive with me? Nope. Not even when I was young. Nope. I love you. Today I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the earth. My head swells up like a watermelon and I drop dead. Don't touch them. I feel terrible sneezing at a time like this. This is a big moment for me -- Am I what they had in mind? Your Uncle Milton lost all his money in a Puerto Rican condominium that went belly up, don't mention the IRS or the Federal prison system. Your mother is Barbara, your father is Cliff -- And your brother Tom is a psychology professor and is married to...Betsy -- Harold, who ran away with his secretary but came back -- The short one with black hair is your cousin Irene --