I'm hip. Nigger, get real. You touch Jayne Kennedy she'll have you ass in Wayne County so fast - Me thinketh he doth protest too much. Shit! Nigger you smoke enough sherm your dumb ass'll do a lot a crazy ass things. So you won't eat pussy? Motherfucker, you be up there suckin' niggers' dicks. Shit, any nigger say he don't eat pussy is lyin' his ass off. What the fuck are you talkin' about? Take that shit somewhere else. You don't like it, but you eat that shit. He eats it. So you do eat pussy! Nigger, I eat everything. I eat pussy. I eat the butt. I eat every motherfuckin' thang.That rhymes. It is what I want. But I don't want to spend the next ten years in jail. I don't want you guys to go to jail. We don't know what could be waiting for us up there. It'll probably be just what it's supposed to be. The only thing that's waiting for us is two hundred thousand dollars. I'm just looking at the downside. But in my movie, baby, you get the top billing. Why Cancoon? I been in America all my life. I'm due for a change. I wanna see what TV in other countries is like. Besides, it's more dramatic. Where should we fly off to, my little turtledove? But knowin' me and you gonna be nigger-rich gives me a whole new outlook. I love airports now. Me 'n' you can get on any one of those planes out there, and go anywhere we ant. Leavin' Detroit. Goin' off on vacations, startin' new lives, business trips. Fun, fun, fun, fun. I used to live by one back in Dearborn. It's real frustratin' to be surrounded by airplanes when you ain't got shit. I hated where I was, but I couldn't do anythin' about it. I didn't have enough money. It was tough enough just tryin' to pay my rent every month, an' here I was livin' next to an airport. Whenever I went outside, I saw fuckin' planes take off drownin' out my show. All day long I'm seein', hearin' people doin' what I wanted to do most, but couldn't. With a vengeance, I hated them. Ya know, I used to fuckin' hate airports. You were chillin', kind of creepy even. You totally fucked with his head. I'm gonna go grab dinner. Babalouey, you were perfect, I could hardly keep from busting up. Do you want some wine, sweetheart? What? What? No joke. This is probably the best hamburger I've ever had. I'm serious, I've never had a hamburger taste this good. Yeah. But to be honest, I put myself in that position. When I drove up there I said to myself, "If I can kill 'em and get away with it, I'll do it." I could. So I did. You don't know me. Not when it comes to shit like this. I have to do this. I need for you to know you can count on me to protect you. Now write down the address. Look, sweetheart, he scares you. But I'm not scared of that motherfucker. He can't touch you now. You're completely out of his reach. He poses absolutely no threat to us. So, if he doesn't matter, which he doesn't, it would be stupid to lose your things, now wouldn't it? So I can go over there and pick up your things. Write down Drexl's address. Sweetheart, write down your former address. I just gotta get somethin'. Yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes... Oh, you're speaking of my charming wife Mrs. Alabama Worley. Top o' the morning, Mrs. Worley. Hello, Mrs. Worley. Thank you. Well, that's the one that explains how Jimmy Wang Yu became the Incredible One-Armed Boxer. Did ya ever see "The Chinese Professionals"? You better not be fuckin' teasin' me. You will? Will you be my wife? Thank you. I wanna see you again too. And again, and again, and again. Bama, I know we haven't known each other long, but my parents went together all throughout high school, and they still got a divorce. So, fuck it, you wanna marry me? Goddamn it, Alabama, you gotta get the fuck outta there! How much longer before he's slappin' you around? Punchin' you in the stomach? How the fuck did you get hooked up with a douche-bag like this in the first place? This motherfucker sounds charming! What did he do to Arlene? Is he nice? Is he black? A real live pimp? You have a pimp? Who and what is a Drexl? That dazzling imagination. Who? "Heroes For Sale"? You're a whore? What are you, a theater checker? You check up on the box office girls. Make sure they're not rippin' the place off. Did you hurt yourself? Whatd'ya do? Step on a thumbtack? What's wrong, sweetheart? Did I do something? What did I do? Uh-huh. That's what happened. In fact, when she died, it was considered to be the happiest time of her life. She'd been fucked over so much by men she didn't trust them. She was havin' this relationship with this guy and he asked her to marry him. Now, other people had asked to marry her before, but she couldn't be sure whether they really loved her or were just after her money. So, she said no. And the guy says, "Look, I really love you, and I wanna prove it. So have your lawyers draw up a paper that says no matter what happens, I can never get any of your money, and I'll sign it." So she did, and he asked her, and she said yes. And once they were engaged he told her a secret about himself that she never knew: he was a millionaire. Yeah, she OD'd. But wasn't on her last legs or anythin'. She didn't take too much. It shouldn't have killed her. There was somethin' wrong with what she took. You know, a lot of people have misconceptions of how she died. I dunno. I guess I'm just stupid. Uh-huh, I was tryin' to think of somethin' to say to you, then I thought, she doesn't want me bothering her. You know when you sat behind me? I finally knew what I wanted when I grew up. Five. He was just born, remember? This is the first one. You know that guy, Dr. Gene Scott? He said that the story of Spiderman is the story of Christ, just disguised. Well, I thought about that even before I heard him say it. Hold on, let me show you my favorite comic book cover of all time. That's a "Rookies" doll. George Sanford Brown. We gotta lotta dolls. They're real cool. Did you know they came out with dolls for all the actors in "The Black Hole"? I always found it funny somewhere there's a kid playin' with a little figure of Earnest Borgnine. Well, we sell other things too. Cool stuff. "Man from U.N.C.L.E." Lunch boxes. "Green Hornet" board games. Shit like that. But comic books are main business. There's a lot of collectors around here. Four hundred bucks. That's where trouble comes into paradise. But the boss let's you borrow some money if you need it. Wanna see what "Spiderman" number one looks like? I'm hip. But you know, I'm comfortable here. It's easy work. I know what I'm doing. Everybody who works here is my buddy. I'm friendly with most of the customers. I just hang around and talk about comic books all day. Almost four years. Yeah, I got the key, so I come here at night, hang out, read comic books, play music. And in a theater full of empty seats, why did you sit by me? What's the story behind you takin' a cab to the most dangerous part of town alone? Do you have a fella? Turn-offs? What are your turn-ons? What kinda music do you like? Like it? Would you like a bite of my pie? What's your favorite movie star? What's your favorite color? Where are you from. What do you do? Well, for starters, what do you do? Where're ya from? What's your favorite color? Who's your favorite movie star? What kinda music do you like? What are your turn-ons and turn-offs? Do you have a fella? What's the story behind you takin' a cab to the most dangerous part of town alone? And, in a theater full of empty seats, why did you sit by me? C'mon. What're ya tryin' to be? The Phantom Lady? Tell me about yourself. Well, enough about the King. How about you? I'd love some pie. I love to get pie after a movie. No. Not particularly. How come? 'Bout twelve. Nothing. It's just you're a girl after my own heart. You took a cab to see three kung fu movies? Where's your car? I'll walk you to it. Is that your real name? Really? My name is Clarence, and what is yours? You shoulda saw the first original uncut version of the "Streetfighter". It was the only movie up to that time rated X for violence. But we just saw the R. Does Sonny kick ass or does Sonny kick ass? He ain't so much good guy as he's just a bad motherfucker. Sonny don't be bullshittin'. He fucks dudes up for life. Hold on, a fight scene's coming up. Thanks a lot. The oriental in black. He's an assasin. Now, at the beginning he was hired to kill this guy the cops had. So he got himself arrested. They take him into the police station. And he starts kickin' all the cops' asses. Now, while keepin' them at bay, he finds the guy he was supposed to kill. Does a number on him. Kicks the cops' asses some more. Kicks the bars out of the window. And jumps out into a getaway car that was waiting for him. Not at all. I, this guy here, he's Sonny Chiba. It's OK. Don't worry about it. Accidents happen. Yeah. I'm fine. It didn't hurt. And here we are. Now hang up. No time. Gotta go. Just tell him to read the letter, the letter explains all. Tell him I love him. And tell him, as of tomorrow, all his money problems are over. Tell him to look through it. Has he looked through it yet? The letter I sent. Tell him not to eat anything. We're gonna scarf when we get there. Tell him we gotta go. What kind of daughterly smackeroo was that? How come? Thank God. I could eat a horse if you slap enough catsup on it. This should cover it, Auggie-Doggie. Well, fuck that shit, we'll get some real food. What would taste good. What do you think would taste good? I'm not lyin' to him. I mean it. I loved "Coming Home in a Body Bag". You don't think I'm kissin' his ass, do you? How do you think I'm doin' with Lee? That was cool, wasn't it? You know, I don't even know where that came from. I just opened my mouth and it came out. After I said it I thought, that's a cool line, I gotta remember that. Can you develop an ulcer in two minutes? Being cool is hard on your body. I was dying. I thought for sure everyone could see it on my face. If I thought I could get away with it - Look, Elvis, he is hauntin' me. He doesn't deserve to live. And I do want to kill him. But I don't wanna go to jail for the rest of my life. You'd really do that? I can't believe what you're tellin' me. Yeah. Yeah. Live with what? What? Wannabee nigger... No thanks. I'm her husband. She's with me. No thanks, my stomach's a little upset. I ate somethin' at a restaurant that made me a little sick. Yeah, let's just get outta here. This is our last chance to play "what if". I want to do it. I'm just scared of getting caught. No, I don't really mean it. Well, I mean, this is our last chance to think about it. How 'bout you, Bama? I know that Richard. I don't think I'll need it. But something this last week has taught me, it's better to have a gun and not to need it than to need a gun and not to have it. In case they try to kill us. I don't know, what do you want me to say? In case. Yeah? Ah, Dick, let's talk about it in the car. We can't be late. No shit? Dick, that's great! I'm just makin' sure we got everything. You got yours? Let me handle this. Don't expect me to be all broken up over poor Drexl. I think he was a fuckin', freeloadin', parasitic scumbag, and he got exactly what he deserved. I got no pity for a mad dog like that. I think I should get a merit badge or somethin'. Two guys. What's to think about? The zoo. What are you waiting for? The zoo. OK, call 'im up and arrange a meeting, so we can get through all the getting to know you stuff. Elliot what? What's this acting class guy's name? What'd'ya tell 'em? Is he big league? I'm offering a half a million dollars worth of white for two hundred thousand. How difficult can that be? No way! The whole enchilada in one shot. But you're an actor. I hear these Hollywood guys have it delivered to the set. Drexl's dead. This is Clarence's coke and Clarence can do whatever he wants with it. And what Clarence wants to do is sell it. Then me and Bama are gonna leave on a jet plane and spend the rest of our lives spendin'. So, you got my letter, have you lined up any buyers? Tell me. I know. I certainly hope so. It'll get ya high. For the very first time in my life. Do you know what that's like? Every word of it. Did you meet Captain Kirk? Good for you. You goin' out? Well, she's a pretty amazing girl. What are women like out here? Now tell him goodbye. Has he gotten his mail today? Ask him if he got the letter. Tell him we'll be hittin' his area some time tomorrow. Believe it or not, I actually tricked a girl into falling in love with me. I'm not quite sure how I did it. I'd hate to have to do it again. But I did it. Wanna say hi to my better half? I'm a married man. Well, there's a story behind all that. I'll tell you when I see you. By the way, I won't be alone. I'm bringing my wife with me. Tomorrow. Well, you're gonna be seein' me shortly. You got it. Three kung fu movies. He is, bar none, the greatest actor working in martial arts movies ever. A Donny Chiba triple feature. "The Streetfighter", "Return of the Streetfighter", and "Sister Streetfighter". How 'bout you go to the movies with me tonight? Well, enough about the King, how 'bout you? I don't blame you. So we'd both fuck Elvis. It's nice to meet people with common interests, isn't it? Really? What's waiting for us up there. Tell me or I'll pump two right in your face. Apparently I'm not as dumb as you thought I am. Say it, goddamn it! Don't lie to me, motherfucker. You apparently think I'm the dumbest motherfucker in the world! Don't you? Say: Clarence, you are without a doubt, the dumbest motherfucker in the whole wide world. Say it! Don't you? Get on your knees. Elliot. Well, I guess it's about that time. They'll be along. No problems on both counts. He wants to talk ya. Riddle me this, Batman. If you're all so much in love with each other, what the fuck are you doing here? I'm sure you got better things to do with your time than walk around in circles starin' up a panther's ass. Your guy's interested because with that much shit at his fingertips he can play Joe fuckin' Hollywood till the wheels come off. He can sell it, he can snort it, he can play Santa Claus with it. At the price he's payin', he'll be everybody's best friend. And, you know, that's what we're talkin' about here. I'm not puttin' him down. Hey, let him run wild. Have a ball, it's his money. But, don't expect me to hang around forever waitin' for you guys to grow some guts. Then why are you telling me all this bullshit just so you can fuck me? Do I look like a beautiful blond with big tits and an ass that tastes like French vanilla ice-cream? We were in Four H together. We've known each other since childhood. So, I'm handling the sales part. He's my silent partner and he knows if I get fucked up, I won't drop dime on him. I didn't tell you nothin' and you didn't hear nothin'. Duh. What else would I be talking about? Now stop askin' stupid doorknob questions. Well, a year and a half ago, this friend of mine got access to the evidence room for an hour. He snagged this coke. But, he's a good cop with a wife and a kid, so he sat on it for a year and a half until he found a guy he could trust. What do you think, eightball? No problem, Elliot. I'm just fuckin' wit ya, that's all. Actually, I'll tell you but you gotta keep it quiet. Understand, if Dick didn't assure me you're good people I'd just tell ya, none of your fuckin' business. But, as a sign of good faith, here it goes: I gotta friend in the department. Coco leaves. You see, they take the leaves and mash it down until it's kind of a paste - I grow it on my window-sill. The lights really great there and I'm up high enough so you can't see it from the street. Unloading? That's a helluva way to describe the bargain of a lifetime. Leave the gorillas. Want an animal cracker? Like, look at her. She looks like she fell off an ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down. Elvis wouldn't fuck her with Pat Boone's dick. It tried to pin down what the attraction is after all these years. It covers the whole spectrum of fans, the people who love his music, the people who grew up with him, the artists he inspired - Bob Dylan, Bruce Springsteen, and the fanatics, like these guys. I don't know about you, but they give me the creeps. You know, I saw it on the stands, my first inclination was to buy it. But, I look at the price and say forget it, it's just gonna be the same old shit. I ended up breaking down and buying it a few days later. Man, I was ever wrong. Have you read the story on Elvis? Actually, they can count it. I'd like to use the little boy's room. I bullshitted him. We grew up together. Well, Elliot wasn't supposed to tell you anythin'. Thanks a lot, bigmouth. I knew you were a squid the moment I laid eyes on you. In my book, buddy, you're a piece of shit. He's not a dirty cop, he's a good cop. He just saw his chance and he took it. A Norms in Van Nuys. I'm not satisfied till the spoon stands straight up. Me too, Boris. Now, that's practically uncut. You could, if you so desire, cut it a helluva lot more. Like that Merchant-Ivory clap-trap. All those assholes make are unwatchable movies from unreadable books. You know, most movies that win a lot of Oscars, I can't stand. "Sophie's Choice", "Ordinary People", "Kramer vs. Kramer", "Gandhi". All that stuff is safe, geriatric, coffee-table dog shit. OK, sorry, Lee. I just wanna tell you "Coming Home in a Body Bag" is one of my favorite movies. After "Apocalypse Now" I think it's the best Vietnam movie ever. Oh, Mr. Donowitz - Well, I have to admit, walkin' through the door and seein' these "Soldier of Fortune" poster boys made me a bit nervous. But, Lee, I'm fairly confident that you came here to do business, not to be a wise-guy. So, if you want, I'll put the gun on the table. I wanna be able to announce this deal at Cannes. If I had time for a courtship, Lee, I would. I'd take ya out, I'd hold your hand, I'd kiss you on the cheek at the door. But, I'm not in that position. I need to know if we're in bed together, or not. If you want my movie, Lee, you're just gonna have to come to terms with your Fear and Desire. Now that's bullshit, Lee. Every time you buy one of those little movies it's a risk. I'm not sellin' you something that's gonna play two weeks, six weeks, then go straight to cable. This is "Doctor Zhivago". This'll be packin' 'em in for a year and a half. Two years! That's two years you don't have to work with anybody's movie but mine. The biggest. The biggest movie you've ever dealt with, Lee. We're talkin' a lot of film. A man'd have ta be an idiot not to be a little cautious about a movie like that. And Lee, you're no idiot. We do make a cute couple, don't we? Keep it. Thanks a lot, Daddy. You really came through for me. That's what I've been tellin' ya. The guy was like a mad dog. So the cops aren't looking for me? Who is he? Nope. No shit? Do tell. Why drug related? Look, goddamnit, I never asked you for a goddamn thing! I've tried to make your parental obligation as easy as possible. After Mom divorced you, did I ask you for anything? When I wouldn't see ya for six months to a year at a time, did you ever get your shit about it? No, it was always "OK", "No problem", "You're a busy guy, I understand". The whole time you were a drunk, did I ever point my finger at you and talk shit? No! Everybody else did. I never did. You see, I know that you're just a bad parent. You're not really very good at it. But I know you love me. I'm basically a pretty resourceful guy. If I didn't really need it I wouldn't ask. And if you say no, don't worry about it. I'm gone. No problems. I'm your son. You were a cop. Could you find out if they know anythin'? I don't know they know shit about us. But I don't wanna think, I wanna know. You could find out for sure what's goin' on. Daddy? Do you still have friends on the force? What? Look, I don't know this is pretty heavy-duty, so if you wanna explode, feel free. Daddy, I'm in big fuckin' trouble and I really need your help. Daddy. Nice isn't the word. Nice is an insult. She's a peach. That's the only word for it, she's a peach. She even tastes like a peach. You can tell I'm in love with her. You can tell by my face, can't ya? It's a dead giveaway. It's written all over it. Ya know what? She loves me back. Take a seat, Pop, we gotta talk - Isn't she the sweetest goddamned girl you ever saw in your whole life? Is she a four alarm fire, or what? You don't know the chicken places around where you live? Ask the guy at the place where a chicken place is. You know what would taste good? Chicken. I haven't had chicken in a while. Chicken would really hit the spot about now. Chicken and beer, definitly, absolutely, without a doubt. Where's a good chicken place around here? Get a six-pack of something imported. It's hard to tell you what to get 'cause different places have different things. If they got Fosters, get that, if not, ask the guy at the thing what the strongest imported beer he has. Look, since you're making a beer run, would you mind too terribly if you did a foot run as well. I'm fuckin' starvin' to death. Are you hungry too? Go to the liquor store - Where is there a liquor store around here? That's about all I ever eat. Anything stronger? Oh, probably not. Beer? You can drink beer, can't you?Yeah, well, just stay outta trouble. Remeber, you got a wife to think about. Quit fuckin' around. I love you son. Well, son, I want you to know I hope everything works out with you and Alabama. I like her. I think you make a cute couple. I got some money I can give you - Naw, until they hear something better they'll assume Drexl and Blue Lou had a falling out. So, once you leave twon, I wouldn't worry about it. Gangster. Drug Dealer. Somebody you don't want on your ass. Look, Clarence, the more I hear about this Drexl fucker, the more I think you did the right thing. That guy wasn't just some wild flake. If you don't hang around in this circle, no reason it should. Yeah. Drexl had an association with a fella named Blue Lou Boyle. Name mean anything to you? Apparently, Drexl had a big toe stuck in shit like that. They have nothing. In fact, they think it's drug related. You got it all worked out, don't you? What makes you think I would do that? What makes you think I could do that? Yes, I still have friends on the force. Stop acting like an infant. You're here because you want me to help you in some way. What do you need from me? You need money? What do you want from me? You're always making jokes. That's what you do, isn't it? Make jokes. Making jokes is the one thing you're good at, isn't it? But if you make a joke about this - - I'm gonna go completely out of my fuckin' head! Clarence, just shut up, you're giving me a headache! I can't believe how much like your mother you are. You're your fuckin' mother through and through. I haven't heard from ya in three years. Then ya show up all of a sudden at eight o'clock in the morning. You walk in like a goddamn bulldozer... don't get me wrong, I'm happy to see you... just slow it down. Now, when did you get married? She seems very nice. I really don't know. I'm really not very - Uh, yeah... there's a party store down 54th. I can, but I don't. I think there's a Seven-Up in there. It's a fact. Sicilians have nigger blood pumpin' through their hearts. If you don't believe me, look it up. You see, hundreds and hundreds of years ago the Moors conquered Sicily. And Moors are niggers. Way back then, Sicilians were like the wops in northern Italy. Blond hair, blue eyes. But, once the Moors moved in there, they changed the whole country. They did so much fuckin' with the Sicilian women, they changed the blood-line for ever, from blond hair and blue eyes to black hair and dark skin. I find it absolutely amazing to think that to this day, hundreds of years later, Sicilians still carry that nigger gene. I'm just quotin' history. It's a fact. It's written. Your ancestors were niggers. Your great, great, great, great, great-grandmother was fucked by a nigger, and had a half-nigger kid. That is a fact. Now tell me, am I lyin'? You know I read a lot. Especially things that have to do with history. I find that shit fascinating. In fact, I don't know if you know this or not, Sicilians were spawned by niggers. Oh, don't bother. I got one. So you're a Sicilian, huh? Could I have one of those Chesterfields now? They didn't tell me. On their honeymoon. I don't believe you. What are you talkin' about? I've seen him. Look, I'd help ya if I could, but I haven't seen Clarence - No. I've heard of Blue Lou Boyle. I give up. Who are you? You and Robin moved? I don't know him. Is he a nice guy? You think he'll help me out? Yeah, and the restaurant's on my route. And you know, I stuck my nose in for the company to try to put a stop to some of these break-ins. Now, while I have no proof, the name Drexl Spivey kept comin' up Who's case is it? Well, Ted, to tell you the truth, I found out through the grapevine that it might be, and I only said might be, the Drexl Spivey that was responsible for that restaurant break-in on Riverdale. It's about that pimp that was shot a couple of days ago, Drexl Spivey.I can see what you mean. That good, huh? No. Not yet. Yeah, I subscribe. It's a pretty decent one.You got that playing basketball? Holy Mary, Mother of God. You can't have just one. Knock wood. Let me speak to Clarence. Not yet. Yeah, my room-mate leaves it on the TV. What letter? Wait a minute - Hello, Alabama. No. But thanks. Well, if we're not gonna do it, let's just get in the car and get the fuck outta here. Now's a helluva time to play "what if". Do you really mean it? Look, Dillinger, Lee Donowitz is not a pimp - In case of what? What the fuck did you bring that for. Um, nothing, let's go? Clarence. They didn't even want a callback. They just hired me like that. Me and Peter Breck are the two heavies. We start shooting Monday. My call is for seven o'clock in the morning. I got the part on "T.J. Hooker". Yeah, well if we got lost, it's your ass. Come on, Clarence, lets go. Elliot's going to meet us in the lobby. Clarence... Two guys. Now you want me to help you with some big drug deal. Fuck, Clarence, you killed somebody and you're blowin' it off like it don't mean shit. Shut up! First you come waltzing into my life after two years. You're married. You killed a guy. Would you just shut up a minute and let me think? Where? Elliot Blitzer. Elliot. Hardly anything. I wasn't sure from your letter what was bullshit, and what wasn't. He's nothing. He's in my acting class. But he works as an assistant to a very powerful movie producer named Lee Donowitz. I thought Donowitz could be interested in a deal like this. He could use it. He could afford it. It's difficult because you're sellin' it to a particular group. Big shots. Fat cats. Guys who can use that kind of quantity. Guys who can afford two hundred thousand. Basically, guys I don't know. You don't know. And, more important, they don't know you. I did talk with one guy who could possibly help you. Do you have any idea how difficult that's gonna be? Yeah, they do. And maybe when I start being a successful actor I'll know those guys. But most of the people I know are like me. They ain't got a pot to piss in or a window to throw it out of. Now, if you want to sell a little bit at a time - Look, Clarence, I'm not Joe Cocaine. This is Drexl's coke? I don't know! A fuckin' lot! Do you have any idea how much fuckin' coke you got? You've got a helluva lotta coke there, man! It's fuckin' real! It's fuckin' real! This shit can't be real. You're really in love, aren't you? How much of that letter was on the up and up? You don't meet him in the audition. That comes later. Hope, hope. ... formica. I did real well. I think she liked me. What's so fuckin' good about it? Actresses are the most fucked-in-the-head bunch of women in the world. It's like they gotta pass a test of emotional instability before they can get their SAG card. Oh, guess what? I had a really good reading for "T.J. Hooker" the other day. Well, for the past couple of years I've been goin' out with girls from my acting class. Just like in Detroit, only skinnier. That's a pretty amazing story. Money problems? Clarence sent a letter? Alabama, could you tell Clar - What? Get the fuck outta here! Get the fuck outta here! What's up? Why're leavin' Detroit? You comin' to L.A.? When? It's great to hear from you. Clarence? Well, don't just sit there, shoot him. Where'd he come from? Absolutely. Sure. No problem. Thank you. Well, don't just sit there, shoot him. Where'd you come from? I'm me... I mean, that's me.Look, we don't care if you bring in the state milita, the volunteer fire department, the L.A. Thunderbirds, the ghost of Steve McQueen, and the twelve Roman gladiators, so long as we get credit for the bust. We talked him into it. I believe he believes him. Sure was. Uh-huh. Okee-dokee. It's like this, Krinkle; a patrol car stops this dork for speeding, they walk up to window and the guy's covered in coke. So they bring his ass in and me an' Nicholson go to work on him. You're an actor, so act, motherfucker. This guy's gonna kill him. Whatta we gonna do? He's in an elevator. He knows something's up. He saw the wire. He knows. Hope you're a good actor, Elliot. You do more than try. We have to show in court that, without a doubt, a successful man, an important figure in the Hollywood community, is also dealing cocaine. This rabbit'll do anything not to do time, including wearing a wire. He produced "Coming Home in a Body Bag". Suspect's words - So we got this guy scared shitless and he starts talkin'. And, Krinkle, you ain't gonna fuckin' believe it. Nicholson and I go to work on him. Now er know somthing's rotten in Denmark, 'cause this dickhead had a big bag, and it's uncut, too, so we're sweatin' him, trying to find out where he got it. Scarin' the shit outta him. Krinkle, this is it. We got it, man. And it's all ours. I mean talk about fallin' into somethin'. You shoulda seen it, it was beautiful. Dimes is hittin' him from the left about being fucked in the ass by niggers, I'm hittin' him form the right about not likin' pussy anymore, finally he starts cryin', and then it was all over - 'Course you'll wanna fuck her in the ass. Pussy just won't feed right anymore - But there is a bright side though. If you ever have to play a part of a guy who gets fucked in the ass on a daily basis by throat-slitting niggers, you'll have so much experience to draw on - Or a supporting actor - You're no longer an extra - No don't sit here and feed us some shit. Not a tiny little vial -In fact, I'm gonna show you what I mean with a little demonstration. Big D, toss me that shotgun. Nigger, back off, you ain't beatin' shit. Now what would you do. Damn skippy. He like it, too. Heard that. I heard that. Floyd say he don't be eatin' pussy. Fuck you! My mother was Apache. No thanks? What does that mean? Means you ate before you came down here? All full. Is that it? Naw, I don't think so. I think you're too scared to be eatin'. Now, see we're sittin' down here, ready to negotiate, and you've already given up your shit. I'm still a mystery to you. But I know exactly where your ass is comin' from. See, if I asked you if you wanted some dinner and you grabbed an egg roll and started to chow down, I'd say to myself, "This motherfucker's carryin' on like he ain't got a care in the world. Who know? Maybe he don't. Maybe this fool's such a bad motherfucker, he don't got to worry about nothin', he just sit down, eat my Chinese, watch my TV." See? You ain't even sat down yet. On that TV there, since you been in the room, is a woman with her titties hangin' out, and you ain't even bothered to look. You just been starin' at me. Now, I know I'm pretty, but I ain't as pretty as a couple of titties. Grab a seat there, boy. Want some dinner? Grab yourself an egg roll. We got everything here from a diddle-eyed-Joe to a damned-if-I-know. Well. That makes us practically related. Bring your ass on in. Who the fuck are you? Where the fuck is that bitch? Look in the hamper. Linda's been dumpin' everybody's stray clothes there lately. I'll keep lover boy here entertained. You know the first thing I'll do when she gets here. I think I'll make her suck my dick, and I'll come all in her face. I mean it ain't nuttin' new. She's done it before. But I want you as a audience. Marty, what the fuck are you doin'? Shit, man, you done fucked up again. Next time you bogart your way into a nigger's crib, an' get all his face, make sure you do it on white boy day. You see what you get when you fuck wit me, white boy? You're gonna walk in my goddamn house, my house! Gonna come in here and tell me! Talkin' smack, in my house, in front of my employees. Shit! Your ass must be crazy. I don't think that white boy's got good sense. Hey, Marty. He must of thought it was white boy day. It ain't white boy day, is it? You OK? That stupid dumb-ass didn't break your nose, did he? Looky here, you want the bitches to really fly high, make your rocks with Cherry Seven-Up. You ain't seen nothin' like these rock whores. They ass be young man. They got that fine young pussy. Bitches want the rock they be a freak for you. They give you hips, lips, and fingertips. What was I sayin'? With that terrible mug of yours if Jayne Kennedy told you to eat her pussy, kiss her ass, lick her feet, chow on her shit, and suck her dog's dick, nigger, you'd aim to please. You tell Jayne Kennedy to fuck it? Why you trippin'? We jus' fuckin' with ya. But I wanna ask you a question. You with some fine bitch, I mean a brick shithouse bitch - you're with Jayne Kennedy. You're with Jayne Kennedy and you say "Bitch, suck my dick!" and then Jayne Kennedy says, "First things first, nigger, I ain't suckin' shit till you bring your ass over here and lick my bush!" Now, what do you say? - Because it's good! Preach on, Big D. Nigger, you lie like a big dog. That's bullshit. Nigger, get outta my face with that bullshit.No. No you're not. You are the dumbest person in the world. No. Yeah? I guess so. Follow me. Where's everybody else? He says Wednesday at three o'clock at the Beverly Wilshire. He wants everybody there. He'll talk to you. If after talkin' to you he's convinced you're OK, he'll do business. If not, he'll say fuck it and walk out the door. He also wants a sample bag. Mr. Donowitz? I told you, through Dick. He's in my acting class. About a year. Yeah, he's good. They grew up together. Sure thing. Get it straight, Lee isn't into taking risks. He deals with a couple of guys, and he's been dealing with them for years. They're reliable. They're dependable. And, they're safe. No. No, you don't. What? Sure. I didn't hear anything. He trusts you? The police department? What department? Look, Dick, I don't - Ha ha ha. No really, where does it come from? - that you're unloading for two hundred thousand dollars - Yeah, OK. So you guys got five hundred thousand dollars worth of cola that you're unloading - You're the one who wanted to drive fast. Put it in your pants. Please, they'll be here any minute. Just put it in your bra. They won't search you. I promise. You haven't done anything. Just put it in your purse. You gotta hold this for me. Fuck! I knew it! I fucking knew it! I should have my head examined, driving like this! Kandi, you gotta help me.That's why it doesn't come across as ass-kissin', because it's genuine, and he can see that. You're tellin' him what he wants to hear, but that ain't the same thing as kissin' his ass. Are you kiddin'? He loves you. Oh, and your line to Charles Atlas in there: "I'll take that gun", "You'll have to". All anybody saw was Clint Eastwood drinkin' coffee. Clarence, I gotta hand it to ya. You were cooler than cool. Killin' 'em's the hard part. Gettin' away with it's the easy part. Whaddaya think the cops do when a pimp's killed? Burn the midnight oil tryin' to find who done it? They couldn't give a flyin' fuck if all the pimps in the whole wide world took two in the back of the fuckin' head. If you don't get caught at the scene with the smokin' gun in your hand, you got away with it. I don't blame you. He don't got no right to live. I ain't tellin' ya nothin'. I'm just sayin' what I'd do. Then shoot 'em. Shoot 'em in the face. And feed that boy to the dogs. You wanna get unhaunted? With that son-of-a-bitch walkin' around breathin' the same air as you? And gettin' away with it every day. Are you haunted? Can you live with it?Ain't no man have to eat pussy! Naw naw! Go on pussy-eaters... laugh. You look like you be eatin' pussy. You got pussy-eatin' mugs. Now if a nigger wants to get his dick sucked he's got to do a bunch of fucked-up shit. Hold on a second, Big D. You sayin' you eat pussy? If it came down to who eats who, damn skippy. I tell Jayne Kennedy, "Suck my dick or I'll beat your ass!" Well fuck you guys then! You guys are fucked up! Then, after a while sisters use to gettin' their little pussy eat. And because you white boys had to make pigs out of yourselves, you fucked it up for every nigger in the world everywhere. Yeah, that's right, laugh. It's so funny, oh it's so funny. There used to be a time when sisters didn't know shit about gettin' their pussy licked. Then the sixties came an' they started fuckin' around with white boys. And white boys are freaks for that shit - Look here. If I ever did eat some pussy - I would never eat any pussy - but, if I did eat some pussy, I sure as hell wouldn't tell no goddamn body. I'd be ashamed as a motherfucker. Naw man, that's some serious shit. Naw man, I don't be eatin' that shit. No, I ain't been there. But I heard him say. Hollywood Holiday Inn. Kinda easy to remember. Naw, they ain't stayin' here. But, I know who you're talkin' about. They're stayin' at the Hollywood Holiday Inn. Exactly room-mates. Yeah, I live here. Naw, he ain't home right now. Well, you go down Beechwood... He's at the Beverly Wilshire. Yes. No. Yes.Dirty cops. We'll have to bring in internal affairs on this. He'll wear a wire? Do you believe him? That was a good fuckin' movie. That Vietnam movie? Both you, idiots shut up, I can't understand shit! Now, what's happened, what's going on, and what are you talking about?Wanna count your money? If you don't know shit, why does he think you can sell it? Why does he trust you? Elliot tells me you're fronting for a dirty cop. Bastards. That's why I always eat at Lawreys. Where'd you go? You like a little coffee with your cream and sugar? Don't worry, I'll desire. Boris, could I have some more coffee. I hear you talkin' Clarence. We park our cars in the same garage. Thank you very much, Clarence. Lee, Clarence . Please don't insult me. Call me Lee. I don't think that'll be necessary. Let's all have a seat. Boris, why don't you be nice and get coffee for everybody. Well, then, what's the hurry? Is it true the rights to "Doctor Zhivago" are in arbitration? But the bottom line is: I'm not Paramount. I have a select group of distributers I deal with. I buy their little movies. Accomplish what I wanna accomplish, end of story. Easy, business-like, very little risk. I don't know, Clarence, "Doctor Zhivago" is a pretty big movie.Where's that? Do you know where we can find him? Do you know a Clarence Worley? Are you Dick Ritchie? What was the Jew-boy's name? Shut your mouth. Nick Cardella was provin' what his words was worth before you were in your daddy's nutsack. What sun do you walk under you can throw a shadow on Nick Cardella? Nick Cardella's a stand-up guy. Then where the hell do you get off talkin' that kind of talk? Excuse me, Mr. Coccotti. Do you know Nick Cardella?Donowitz, he said. I didn't mean - No.Don't blow it, Elliot. He's bluffin'. He just told you so himself. He's bluffin ya, Elliot. Can't you see that? You're an actor, remember, the show must go on. We gotta get him outta there. How's he supposed to see the wire? How the fuck could he know? You do. So you gotta get him to admit on tape that he's buying this coke. Like gang-busters. Now, remember, if you don't want to go to jail, we gotta put your boss in jail. He's so spooked he'd turn over his momma, his daddy, his two-panny granny, and Anna and the King of Siam if he had anything on him. To front for him. So Elliot is workin' out the deal between them and his boss, a big movie producer named Lee Donowitz. Which wasn't too hard, the guy was a real squid. Nicholson and I. Krinkle, you're lookin' at the two future cops of the month. We have it, and if I say we, I don't mean me and him, I'm referring to the whole department. Haven't had a decent bust this whole month. Well, we mighta come in like a lamb, but we're goin' out like a lion - That is, of course, if you don't catch Aids from all your anal intrusions. And just think, when you get out in a few years, you'll meet some girl, get married, and you'll be so understanding to your wife's needs, because you'll know what it's like to be a woman. You're a fuckin' star! And you're gonna be playin' your little one-man show nightly for the next two fuckin' years for a captive audience - Or a bit player - You got caught. It's all fun and fuckin' games till you get caught. But now we gotcha. OK, Mr. Elliot actor, you've just made the big time - But a fuckin' baggie. Look, sunshine, we found a sandwich bag of uncut cocaine -You're right. It is. How do you know? You been there? Maybe you can help me. Actually, who I'm looking for is a friend of ours from Detroit. Clarence Worley? I heard he was in town. Might be travelling with a pretty girl named Alabama. Have you seen him? Are they stayin' here? Sorta room-mates? Do you live here? Hello, is Dick Ritchie here?Shit, are you behind. Me and Robin got a divorce six months ago. Got myself a new place - mirrors all over the bedroom, ceiling fans above the bed. Guy'd have to look as ugly as King Kong not to get laid in this place. I'm serious, a guy'd have to look like a gorilla. I don't see why not. When you gonna come round and see my new place? McTeague. Are you still working security for Foster & Langley? What about him?