I see. Then one more quick question, Mr. Gardiner; since we at the Post would like to, uh - update our profile on you - what exactly is your business? Of course. But since he is ill I'm taking the liberty of asking you. Good, sir. And so, it seems, did the President - but we would like to have some facts; such as, uh... What exactly is the relationship between yourself and that of the First American Financial Corporation? Then, I'll be brief. I covered the President's speech at the Financial Institute today, and since the Post would like to be as exact as possible, we would appreciate your comments on the meeting that took place between Mr. Rand, the President and yourself. I'm sorry to disturb you, Mr. Gardiner, I know you must be very busy. Hello, Mr. Gardiner. This is Sid Courtney, Washington Post. I said - try again. Try again. Try again. ... Skip the levity, Kinney - what have you got? ... Gardiner is laconic, matter-of fact. The scuttlebutt is that he's a strong candidate for one of the vacant seats on the board of First American. But before we can do any sort of a piece on the man, we're going to need facts on his background... ... Kinney, what did you come up with?I do - we do - both of us, Ben and I feel so much for Chauncey... We have to find him, Robert - he could be lost, something may have happened, we can't leave him! I wish he were here... ... Do you think we should look for him? Chauncey is so sensitive... He was overcome with grief... ... But he's...? Good. It might be pleasant for a couple of days. ... Robert... Is there any improvement...? He's very intense, and internal, don't you think? Yes, he is different... Not the kind of person one usually meets in Washington. Stay here? Is that necessary? I wanted some fresh air, Robert. How is Mr. Gardiner? Oh, Chauncey, darling... Where have you been? We thought we'd lost you - we've been looking all over! Chauncey! Chauncey! Dearest, you uncoil my wants; desire flows within me, and when you watch me my passion dissolves it. You set me free. I reveal myself to myself and I am drenched and purged. ... But I've never done... ... You mean...? When... When... When I do it? ... When I touch myself...? ... Is that all you want...? ... To watch me...? To watch...? To watch me...? I just don't excite you at all... I don't know what you want... I don't know what you like... ... Come in, Chauncey - please come in... I feel so close to you, so safe with you, Chauncey... ... And Benjamin understands that, dearest... He understands and accepts my feelings for you... It must be the punch, and it is stuffy in here -- I feel it a little myself. You're an angel, my dear - thank God there are still men like you around to give aid and comfort. Upstairs? Chauncey, you're always involved in some sort of discussion... Chauncey, where have you been? I was afraid you got bored and left, or that you were with some mysterious woman. Chauncey, this is Mr. Dennis Watson of the State Department. I've never seen anyone handle the media as well as you, Chauncey. You're so cool and detached - almost as if you were born to it. ... I guess I may as well be honest about my feelings, Chauncey, as I know you are I am in love with you... I love you and I want you... And I know that you know it and I'm grateful that you've decided to wait until... Until... I know you are, Chauncey... ... You conquer a woman from within herself, you infuse in her the need and desire and the longing for your love. ... I'm grateful to you, Chauncey... I would have opened to you with a touch, and you know that... ... But you're so strong - I can trust myself with you. I'm glad, Chauncey - I'm glad that you showed so much restraint... ... You know, Chauncey... I want us to be... I want us... You and I to become... close... I want us to become very close, you know...? I know... ... So are you, Chauncey ... ... Do you mind my being here, like this? Well, it seems you've been described as one of the architects of the President's speech. And your own comments from the 'This Evening' show are quoted side by side with the President's. Chauncey! Have you seen the papers? ... Good night, Chauncey. ... I have very few friends, Chauncey... And Benjamin's friends are all quite a bit older... Oh. Well, we can fix up one of Ben's for you tomorrow night. Sophie insists an Black Tie. ... You don't happen to have a tuxedo in your suitcase, do you? I know you do - you and your television... ... Good luck, Chauncey. He's tired, Chauncey - but he's going to watch you tonight. We'll both be watching. And Benjamin sends along his best wishes. Chauncey, I just wanted to wish you well. I know you'll be smashing. Chauncey... I'll be all right, Chauncey you go ahead with Mrs. Aubrey... ... I'm... ... I'm very grateful that you're here, Chauncey... ... With us ... Yes, so do we. Our greenhouse. Of course. Oh, his maid!... Stupid me, I thought perhaps she was someone that you may have been romantically involved with. I'm sorry... ... And what about Louise? YOU mentioned that she had gone, were you close to her also? Forgive me, Chauncey - I didn't mean to pry. You must have been very close to him. Oh, I see... Your mentor, perhaps? Was he a relative? Or an intimate friend? ... Chauncey... Last night you mentioned an old man, that died. Yes, he is. I'm sorry I didn't get to see him. Good. I'm glad to hear that. ... How did you like meeting the President? Your leg must be getting better. Chauncey! ... Good night, Chauncey. ... Why... No, I don't think so... He does...? Yes... I know, Chauncey. ... And Ben is just mad about you - you've lifted his spirits so - it's just... Well, it's just a real pleasure having you with us. Chauncey, I wanted to tell you how dreadful I feel about the accident today, but that I'm delighted that you are staying with us. Oh, I know exactly what you mean. I sometimes enjoy puttering around myself, such a pleasant way to forget one's troubles. I hope that staying here won't be an inconvenience for you. ... Would you like us to notify anyone for you? Won't your injury prevent you from attending to business, Mr. Gardiner? I admire that in a person. As for myself, I find there is so much to assimilate that it can become quite muddling at times... I can see that it must be very important for you to stay informed of all the latest events. ... I'll feel so relieved after Dr. Allenby examines your leg. After that, David can run you on home, or to your office or wherever you'd prefer... ... Is there anything special you would like to watch? Oh... Well, I'm very sorry... Did you lose something? Oh. Well, they're just a wonderful couple, we've been friends for years. We visit their island quite often. Oh... Mr. Gardiner... Mr. Chauncey Gardiner... You're not related to Basil and Perdita Gardiner are you? Pardon me, was that Mr. Chance? May I ask your name? Oh, by the way - I'm Eve Rand. Oh? Certainly... Would you care for a drink? Fine, it will save a lot of unnecessary fuss and it will be so much more pleasant for you... David, we'll just go on home. Jeffrey, would you call and let them know? Yes. My husband has been very ill. His doctor and nurses are staying with us. Those hospitals can be so impersonal - why, it might be hours before you are treated... I see. ... Say, would you mind seeing our family doctor? ... Why, yes, he is... Is your leg feeling any better? These can be such trying situations everyone seems to make such a to-do over a simple little accident. Of course, they can be very frightening, and I must apologize for David, he's never had an accident before. I hope you're comfortable. Why, there certainly is. You must see a doctor, I insist on it. Please, let us take you. ... Won't you let us do something for you? Your leg should be examined, we could take you to a hospital. ... Ben, really... ... Yes, I am, Ben. Oh. I'm very sorry. Well, if you have any need for any of our facilities, please do not hesitate to ask. Do you feel well enough for that? Oh, it wasn't all that bad, darling. We were fortunate that Mr. Gardiner turned out to be so reasonable. You heard? No headaches? Oh, Ben - I miss you so when I'm out... How are you feeling? I'll see you after the doctor has a look at your leg, Mr. Gardiner. Thank you, Greta. I'll be with Mr. Rand if I'm needed. Thank you, Wilson. That will be fine. Good evening, Wilson. Would you two excuse me for a moment? Chauncey, this is Mrs. Sophia Rowley. Sophie, this is Chauncey Gardiner... Hello, Sophie.I said good night! Good night. ... Business, bullshit! Going out in the middle of the night to meet that bitch in a bar... He does talk like one, but I think he's brilliant. Yes, Chauncey Gardiner.You're gonna need somebody, someone's gotta be around for you, boy... ... You oughta find yourself a lady, Chance... But I guess it oughta be an old lady, 'cause you ain't gonna do a young one any good, not with that little thing of yours... ... You're always gonna be a little boy, ain't you? ... Goodbye, Chance... ... Well, ain't you the gentleman this mornin'... ... gotta go now, Chance... Well, no more stewin' those prunes every mornin', that's somethin', I guess... ... what are you goin' to do now, Chance? Oh, Lord, Chance - I don't know what I was expectin' from you... I'm sorry for yellin' like I did... No sir, I just don't know what I was expectin' ... ... I 'spose I'd better gather up some breakfast for you... Well, ain't that the truth... Dammit, Boy! Is that all you got to say? More gobbledegook? That Old Man's layin' up there dead as hell and it just don't make any difference to you! Then I got the hell out of that room and called the doctor and I think I woke him probably, he wasn't any too alert. He just said, 'Yeah, he's been expectin' it and said he'd send somebody over...' Lord, what a mornin'! Must of happened durin' the night, I don't know... Lord, he wasn't breathin' and as cold as a fish. I touched him, just to see, and you believe me, Chance - that's doin' more than I get paid to do... Then I just covered him up, pulled the sheet over his head... He's dead, Chance! The Old Man's dead! ... Back up those stairs - damn... That Man's needin' me more and more just before he never needs me again... I'm afraid he's slippin' a bit with every hour that goes by... ... The Old Man is getting weaker, Chance. ... Evening, Chance.Fine. They felt that since you had such close ties with the President, you would be a splendid choice. ... Can I help you? Are you looking for something? Of course. They would like you to appear on the show tonight. The Vice President was scheduled, but he had to cancel, and they asked if you would be interested. Morton Hull, the producer of 'This Evening' just called. Oh, Mr. Gardiner, I've been looking all over. Would you care to take it, sir? Mr. Gardiner, I have a telephone call for you. Sidney Courtney, the financial editor of the Washington Post.I know, Robert... But, strangely enough, I don't feel too bad about now... I feel all right... I guess it's easier... knowing Chauncey is here... to take care of things... No more, Robert... No more needles... In a minute, Robert - in a minute... Chauncey, I would like to ask a favor of you... We have common foes, Chauncey - kid lawyers and our physician! ... No, of course you don't. Excuse me for being so presumptuous. No man knows everything about another man - however, very few are honest enough to admit it. Of course! By kid-lawyers! I know exactly what you mean. Today the businessman is at the mercy of kid-lawyers from the SEC. All they want to do is regulate our natural growth! It's happening across the country! ... I've worked very hard and enjoyed my life... I've known success... and I've felt love... My associates, Chauncey - I've talked with them about you... They're eager to meet you... very eager to meet you... I'm very fond of you, Chauncey... And I understand Eve... Tell her that... tell her I'm madly in love with her... She cares for you and she needs your help, Chauncey... there's much to be looked after... Let me feel the strength in your hand, Chauncey... Let me feel your strength... Yes, that's good... I hope, Chauncey - I hope that you'll stay with Eve... Take care of her, watch over her, she's a delicate flower, Chauncey... ... I'm about to surrender the Horn of Plenty for the Horn of Gabriel, my boy... ... Chauncey... Chauncey... Good. Together, the two of you should create quite a stir - I can already hear the gossip. Senator Rowley's widow, Sophie, is hosting an evening reception tomorrow evening honoring Ambassador Skrapinov of the Soviet Union... I think it's rather obvious that Robert won't allow me to attend, so - would you go in my place, and escort Eve? And now, Chauncey, I'm afraid you must excuse me - I'm very tired all of a sudden. And, please, Chauncey - don't rush your decision. I know you're not a man to act on the spur of the moment. Oh, sure you do, the financial assistance program. I think you might be just the man to take charge of such an undertaking. I'd like you to meet with the members of the Board, we'll be able to discuss the matter at greater length at that time. ... You know, Chauncey, there's something about you... You're direct, you grasp things quickly and you state them plainly. You don't play games with words to protect yourself. I feel I can speak to you frankly... You know what I was talking to you about last night? He was quite impressed with your comments, Chauncey - he hears my sort of analysis from everyone, but yours, unfortunately - seldom if ever at all. He's a decent fellow, the President, isn't he? I think what my most insightful friend is saying, Mr. President, is that we welcome the inevitable seasons of nature, yet we are upset by the seasons of our economy. ... Maybe one day you shall find yourself in a similar position, Chauncey... Maybe one day... Yes, when I was younger I had thoughts about public office... But I found, Chauncey - that I was able to contribute more as a private citizen... of course, my wealth provided me with considerable influence, but I've tried, believe me, not to misuse that power... It's extremely important, Chauncey, when one is in a position of eminence, that he does not allow himself to become blinded to the needs of the country... The temptations are strong, and I've been labeled a 'kingmaker' by many, but I have tried to stay open to voices of the people... I have tried to remain honest to myself... No one likes a dying man, my boy - because few know what death is. All we know is the terror of it. But you're an exception, Chauncey - that's what I admire in you, your marvelous balance. You don't stagger back and forth between fear and hope - you're a truly peaceful man. Hah! It's all make-up, Chauncey... I asked nurse Teresa to fix me up, I didn't want the President to think I was going to die during our talk. Well, that's good news, my boy. Chauncey, up and around this morning, are you? ... Oh? Robert, take a look, would you? Reluctant to speak, eh, Chauncey? Well, I can understand that. When a man loses everything, anger has a tendency to block out reason for a time. Just give it some thought, work with the idea, I'm sure you'll have plenty to say in a few days. Yes, I'm sure it is. That's what they say, anyway. Now, wait a minute, Chauncey you are young, you are healthy, for God's sake don't give up on yourself! You have to fight! You can't let those bastards keep you down! I don't want to hear any more from you about the 'Room Upstairs'. That's where I'm going soon. Bravo! A gardener! Well put, Chauncey excellent! Isn't that what a businessman is? A gardener? A person that makes flinty soil productive with the labor of his own hands, who waters it with the sweat from his own brow, and who creates a place of value for his family and community? Yes, Chauncey, what a brilliant metaphor -- yes, indeed, a productive businessman is a laborer in his own vineyard. Do we have a garden? Hah! Tomorrow, Chauncey, you will see our gardens. And I'm Ben. That's good, Mr. Gardiner. Or may I call you Chauncey? What'd I tell you? Kid-lawyers! The S.E.C.! Damn them! Oh. When you say 'Your house has been closed', you mean to say that your business was shut down? ... So am I, my boy - so am I. ... You will join us for dinner, won't you, Mr. Gardiner? ... We're prisoners, Mr. Gardiner - we're prisoners of tubes and technology. Failure of the bone marrow to produce red blood cells... Not a damn thing they can do about it. Oh, they can make me comfortable, prolong my life with steroid therapy and transfusions... And what makes my blood boil, what little I have left, that is, Mr. Gardiner - is that it's generally a young person's disease... Here I am, getting on in years and about to die of a young person's disease... Sure you do. This ward is air tight, I have a little extra oxygen pumped in, keeps my spirits up. Welcome to Rand Memorial Hospital, Mr. Gardiner. ... Thank you, Chauncey... Thank you very much. ... All right, Robert, I'm all yours. That's good... That's good. I'm becoming quite attached to Chauncey - quite attached... ... And so are you, aren't you, Eve. Do you need a secretary? Hah!... Tell me the truth, Eve - if I wait until I feel better, will I ever meet the man? Reasonable? Good, I'd like to meet a reasonable man. Why don't you ask this Gardiner to join us for dinner? I may be a shut-in, but I do not lack for news. I'm sorry you had to go through all that. No, it's been a good day - better than yours, from what I've been told. Tired... And I'm getting tired of being so tired. Other than that, I'm doing very well. You take care too, Bobby. You're right, Mr. President I don't like feeling sorry for myself. Nonsense, Mr. President - I thank you for coming to spend time with a dying man. No, she flew up to Boston for another charity event. She'll be sorry to have missed you. I'm afraid so. ... There is no longer any margin for inflation, it has gone as far as it can, you've reached your limits on taxation, dependence on foreign energy has reached a crisis, and, from where I see it, Mr. President, the Free Enterprise System has reached the breaking point. We are on the brink of another crash from which recovery might not be possible. I sympathize with your position, Mr. President, I know how difficult it is to be straightforward, the reaction to such a speech could be chaos. Overall - pretty good. But, Mr. President, I think it's very dangerous to resort to temporary measures at this stage of the game. Yes, I did. Mr. President, I'd like you to meet my dear friend, Mr. Chauncey Gardiner. I'm not convinced of that, Mr. President, but your visit has raised my spirits... ... Mr. President, how good to see you.Come on, Eve. Let's let the men talk, there are so many people that have been asking about you. Oh, I've been just dying to meet you, Mr. Gardiner! And look who you brought with! Eve, child! How nice of you to come.