Because my son is here. And his father is here. As a mother, I don't want my child to be separated from his father. Yes...Look, during the last five years we were married, I had...I was getting more and more...unhappy, more and more frustrated. I needed to talk to somebody. I needed to find out if it was me, if I was going crazy or what. But every time I turned to Ted--my ex-husband, he couldn't handle it. He became very...I don't know, very threatened. I mean, when- ever I would bring up anything he would act like it was some kind of personal attack. Anyway, we became more and more separate ...more and more isolated from one another. Finally, I had no other choice, I had to leave. And because of my ex-husband's attitude--his unwillingness to deal with my feelings, I had come to have almost no self- esteem... At the time I left, I sincerely believed that there was something wrong with me--that my son would be better off without me. It was only when I got to California and started into therapy I began to realize I wasn't a terrible person. And that just because I needed some creative and emotional outlet other than my child, that didn't make me unfit to be a mother. Yes. Very much. I make thirty-one thousand dollars a year. Yes, I work for Jantzen as a sportswear designer. Yes. I tried to talk to Ted-- my ex-husband--about it, but he wouldn't listen. He refuses to discuss it in any serious way. I remember one time he said I probably couldn't get a job that would pay enough to hire a baby- sitter for Billy. No, I did not. The first couple, yes, but after that it became increasingly difficult. Six years. Yes. I consider it less my failure than his. I was not a failure. We were married two years before the baby. And then four very difficult years. Yes. I suppose... I...I don't know... Somewhere in between. I don't recall. I don't recall. No. No. No. No. No. No. Yes. Okay...I think I'll go talk to my son now. How do I look? Only can I still see him? He's already got one mother, he doesn't need two...He's yours... I won't fight you for him any more. He's yours... After I left...when I was in California, I began to think, what kind of mother was I that I could walk out on my own child. It got to where I couldn't tell anybody about Billy--I couldn't stand that look in their faces when I said he wasn't living with me. Finally it seemed like the most important thing in the world to come back here and prove to Billy and to me and to the world how much I loved him...And I did ...And I won. Only...it was just another "should." ...Sitting in that courtroom. Hearing everything you did, everything you went through... Something happened. I guess it doesn't matter how much I love him, or how much you love him. I guess it's like you said, the only thing that counts is what's best for Billy. I don't know, maybe that's all love is anyway... Ted, I think Billy should stay with you... Please...Please don't stop me. This is the hardest thing I've ever had to do.. Ted, when we got married it was because I was twenty-seven years old and I thought I should get married and...when I had Billy it was because I thought I should have a baby...and I guess all I did was mess up my life and your life and-- Ted, do you love him? Ted, do you love him? Please, Ted. I never would have brought it up if I thought-- I'm sorry...I just mentioned it in passing. I never thought he'd use it. Ted, if you can't discuss this rationally-- Ted, all my life I'd either been somebody's daughter or somebody's wife, or somebody else's mother. Then all of a sudden, I was a thirty-two-year-old, highly neurotic woman who had just walked out on her husband and child. I went to California because that was about as far away as I could get. Only... I guess it wasn't far enough. So I started going to a shrink. Ted, I've had time to think. I've been through some changes. I've learned a lot about myself. Ted, listen to me...You and I, we had a really crappy marriage-- Look, don't get so defensive, okay? It was probably as much my fault as it was yours... Anyway when I left I was really screwed up-- I want my son. I'm through sitting in coffee shops looking at him from across the street. I want my son. Ted...The reason I wanted to see you...I want Billy back. Watching my son...Ted, I've been living in New York for the past two months. He looks like a terrific kid. A few times. Sometimes I sit in that coffee shop across the street and watch when you take him to school. I've seen him. You can't tell it from a distance, Ted. Yes...How's Billy? How's the new job? Hello, Ted. You look well. I don't know... NO!...Please...Please don't make me stay...I swear...If you do, sooner or later...maybe tomorrow, maybe next week...maybe a year from now... I'll go right out the window. I am not! I'm a terrible mother! I'm an awful mother. I yell at him all the time. I have no patience. No...No. He's better off without me. Ted, I've got to go...I've got to go. Ted, I can't...I tried...I really tried but...I just can't hack it anymore... I'm not taking him with me. No you didn't. You didn't even ask about Billy. You just don't get it, do you? I - am - really - and - truly - leaving - you. Ted, you're not listening to me. It's over, finished. Look, it's not your fault, okay? It's me. It's my fault--you just married the wrong person. I've paid the rent, the Con-Ed and the phone bill, so you don't have to worry about them. Here are the slips for the laundry and the cleaning. They'll be ready on Saturday. I took two thousand out of the savings account. That was what I had in the bank when we got married. My American Express...My Bloomingdale's Credit Card... My check book-- Ted, I'm leaving you.It's a very good job--too good to pass up. I'll be handling funding for the whole... Look, I... ..."like" you a lot. And you... ..."like" me, okay? Maybe if it was a year from now, maybe things would be different... I'm going to take it. I've been offered a job in Washington with H.E.W. Kramer...There's something I ought to tell you. Kramer-- Right. Kramer, I'm sorry. All I was trying to do was-- Oh, for God's sake, Kramer. You have got to be the world's most naive human being. Murray has gone in and changed every single ad you've done on the entire Fire and Ice campaign. Every layout...Every idea...Every single thing, right down the line. Murray. You dope. O'Connor doesn't give a damn about Billy. All he wants is somebody that'll hang around with him every night so he won't have to go home. You want to know why? I'll tell you why... Another scotch and soda for the gentleman. I'll tell you exactly why. Because you're not his buddy anymore. Because he can't count on you to sit around the office every night until eight or nine and shoot the shit with him. O'Connor's out to get you. He's going to take the Fire and Ice account away from you. Kramer... He wanted to know if I liked fried chicken. Kramer, I've got to go. I've got an eight o'clock closing tomorrow down on Centre Street. Yes, I'll have dinner with you. Yes. Sure.Mr. Lombardo from packaging wants to meet on Friday. Mr. Schmidt can't have the figures on the television buy until Monday. Mr. O'Connor called. There's a meeting with the Revlon people in the board room and you're fifteen minutes late.It's beautiful. It's just beautiful. They have a beautiful relationship. Charley, my husband, and I are ...divorced and Kim, that's our daughter is about Billy's age and the children play together a lot. So, I guess we see each three or four times a week. Six years. Ever since Ted and Joanna moved into the building. Ted, I just heard... Maybe. I said maybe. What I mean is, ah...I don't think it'll really work out, but Charley seems to want it, so... Ah, Charley and I are...Well, we're thinking about...I mean, actually we're sort of talking about maybe getting back together. Ted. You heard anything yet? Me?! You want me to take care of Billy?! Don't say that! I don't want to hear you say that! What? Sure. I told her you're doing a Uh, huh...Yeah... Uh, huh...She said she had a good job, was playing a lot of tennis. She wanted to know all about Billy. Not for a couple of months. The last time I heard from her she was living in San Francisco. Look, I know this isn't gonna make any sense, okay? I mean forget the logic part...But I keep thinking if Charley really loved me, he wouldn't have let me divorce him. No. I don't think so. Three. And add some basil. No, not really... I guess it's different if you don't have children, but...I dunno, even if Charley and I don't live together, even if we're sleeping with other people, even if Charley was to marry again...He'd still be my husband. That stuff about "Till death do you part?" That's really true. Lenox Hill. 77th Street between Park and Lex. The emergency number is 327-0800. You're sure? You're on your own, understand? I've got enough trouble raising my own kid. I don't need another one. Got it? All right...Okay...But let's get something straight, right now. I mean, I'm sorry about what happened between you and Joanna, but it's not my problem, understand? Look, this is nothing personal, but I don't think you can do it. I mean, what are you going to do about Billy? What are you going to do? Ted, divorce is a terrible thing. I know, I went through it. You've got to believe I did everything I could to get Joanna to stay. But I'll tell you something. You may not want to hear it, but it took a lot of courage for Joanna to do what she just did. No. Maybe she didn't feel like she should have to. Maybe she felt like if you'd been paying any real attention to her to start with, maybe you would've noticed. Oh for shit's sake, Ted, you are the most selfish human being I have ever met. No wonder she said you came first, then Billy, then, if there was anything left over, she got the scraps. What d'you know about how Joanna felt? You went off to an office every morning and you'd come dragging home at seven or eight every night and as long as dinner was on the table you thought everything was swell. I mean...things. Ted, Joanna's very unhappy and-- Ted, Joanna and I used to talk a lot and...well, she told me a lot of...ah, things about the two of you. Ted, don't be so hostile. OhmyGod. Didn't she say anything? She must've said something. Ted, all I wanted to know was where-- Look, Ted, all I--Ted, I don't understand a word you're saying. Where's Joanna? Ted, what are you talking about?! Huh.. .Hello?