Now you tell us. This is healing? Jim Younger, I told you-- Tom, I'm this close to coming with you... You can ride like that? It's tougher than it looks. Things changed when you quit the gang. For example, I'm now the one who says "Let's ride." I'm sorry, Cole. Swear on Jimmy's grave. Swear. WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?! What have you done? Cole, we're outlaws. Not exactly the most respectable job, if you know what I mean. That was because of... the reputation the gang had. This is the best score yet. What? Frankly, yes. I'm feeling a little left out. Say we bust into a bank. We yell "We're the Younger-James Gang!" People are gonna be thinking, "The younger James Gang? Is there an older James Gang? How come we never heard of the older James gang?" So people are trying to figure that out instead of raising their arms. No, Jimmy has a point. The Younger-James Gang could be confusing. Uhh, yeah it does. Better pass them over here before something happens to 'em. The sheriff says it was a gang of drunk Kansas boys. Zee, I'm pleased you came. Your Ma wouldn't let us leave until we ate something. Anywhere nobody's shooting at me is pretty. He's smiling. Dammit, this stopped being fun about two years ago! Tomorrow. They said because the detectives were working for the Department of the Interior -- He just lost his temper a little. They came up, made the same offer they made you folks. Our little brother Jim tried to chase 'em off, one of those detectives hit him in the head, knocked him out. Cole lost his temper. Cole, I want to get to the farm, make sure Little Jim and the girls are okay. ... Will Perry ... Then I love it. Corn gonna shoot at me? Well, somebody better go tell THE DAMN YANKEES! My plan of lying here pissing myself seems to be working mighty fine, thank you. Listen, he's my brother and I don't want to start trouble... He's planning a job. Listen, Jesse, we've got a problem. It's Cole. The things a fella has to do to get a little respect around here... Yes. I am obviously not standing out in people's minds at the robberies. You heard me, Jesse. You know how crazy I get! One false move and I'll blow your heads off! Hey! Well, no, Jesse, it was the bank's. That's why we had to go to all that trouble of stealing it. You explain it to him. But if we take their money and supplies... Not yet. But I'm hoping. Two. Best damn plan I heard all war.You shut up now, boy. How? What you sayin' boy? What?He's not bad at it. You're just upset about Jesse. We all are. I swear -- Bob. I didn't... I ain't done -- How'd they -- Leave me alone, Bob. As long as people think Jesse's still riding, we will never get the respect we deserve. It's still taking too long. The people used to snap to. That's what the newspapers say. Weren't for Jesse James, this gang wouldn't be able to find a goat's ass with a stick. We got a problem here, brother? How? You stay out of this, Bob. These are deeds and mortgages of farms the bank was holding for the railroad. I say we ride into town and kill us some Pinkertons and railroad men. Our place, Clell Miller's, Sammy Johnston, the Creeders. Will Hite. Here's Liberty's favorite son! I'll never forget what you did, cousin. That was two hours ago. Never thought that pissant town would look so pretty. Never a good thing. Gatling! They've got a Gatling! We didn't. Zerelda did. Turns out your wife makes a hell of an outlaw. You know, you gettin' caught, right after leaving us, some people thought -- Missed you, cousin. WHAT?! We follow you for a year, and now that our blood's been spilled, you're gonna quit?! We'll make them pay for this. Bob, rip up some bandages. Clell, Tom, go get Doc Mimms in Liberty! Dammit! You'll be smiling once you've got all that money to spend, cousin. Cole Younger's going to make everybody rich! Then let me run the show, General Lee. I'm the better soldier, Jesse. That's it. I got us through the War all right. Now the one time one of us comes up with an idea -- I've robbed just as many banks as you have! I know this town, and I know this bank, and I say it's an easy job. If you'd read about it first, you'd have no problems. It'll be the biggest score yet. This is your fault for hogging all the publicity. Why aren't we the "Younger-James Gang"? I mean, there's three Younger brothers and only two James brothers here. All the posters and newspapers are calling this bunch the "James-Younger Gang." Jesse, we got to have a word. Twenty?! It's not a bank. Just because he reads all those books and knows all those big words doesn't make him smart. I got three. Don't let it happen again. The James-Younger Gang. Let's ride. I'll pick the first job! I mean... I know a girl down at the bank. See if she can't get a list of towns where the railroad keeps its money. So what do we do, General Lee? Because we were good at it? Hell, we were great at it. Jesse, don't tell anyone I said this, because everybody knows I'm the toughest man in this town, but you are one terrifying sonofabitch with those guns. It was exciting. After all you did on our farm? You miss it, don't you Jesse? She was European! She got two of them. What is wrong with you? You're not scared, are you? Planting corn. Harvesting corn. Year after year. Where you boys going? Suit yourself. We'll have some horses waiting for you at the road. Let's ride, Rangers! Ride with me, cousin? 'Bout time you got here, buddy. Well? Tom, why don't you stop at our spread before you head on out to the reservation? Figure we might have some work for you, if you want. Wait'll we get back to Missouri, start telling those gals about how little Jesse James charged the whole Union Army by himself! Some Indian tracker you turned out to be, Tom. They gonna rush us? Oh, you're in charge? We ain't partners any more, Jesse? You tell Cole Younger where and when to ride? -- Exactly. Because this is a war. Hey! We decide something, that's it! We're in this for the long haul, and this idea of me and Jesse's will help give us more places to hide out without worrying about some farmer with a shotgun sneakin' up on us in our sleep. We've got to think -- BASTARDS! Come back here and face me! Ah. I have no idea what you just said, but it sounded real nice. Sadie was not a man! Which one, right or left? What the -- Both would be nice. OPEN THE DAMN SAFE! This here is the Younger Gang! What? The safe. Now.Sometimes a wound will kill. I couldn't lose him. I think I may just go on to the reservation. I said like a Comanche, not this Comanche. I'm thinking... Hmm. Go back to the reservation and get drunk in a dirt shack, or work for you... You ride like a Comanche. You pay me to find you Bluecoats. There they are. Me get heap firewater -- Ho-yah! Ho-yah. Him say tell Big Lawman in Carville that badman Jesse James riding toward Rising Sun, above Great River, near Eagle Rock. Great Chief of St. Louis send me. You 'um big lawman? I'd appreciate that. It's a secret. On account of we're robbing it. You're right, sir.I had you covered. From back there. So? What is it?It's fine by me, Jesse. You know you're welcome any time! Go on. You're pretty much all healed up. Boys... Web died fighting? My little Web did that? I'm upset too, Zee, but Jesse and Cole know what they're doing. I'm sure they won't press their luck. Well, I hope the boy pulls through. We should know in the morning. They're gone. What are you -- The bullet came out clean, but he lost a whole lot of blood. Praying wouldn't hurt. Zerelda, it's no coincidence. The railroad men come through, offering to buy up land. Nobody sells. Then they start hanging men who own farms for treason?The Army can hang him. Damn! Oh no... Stop by our spread after that, tell our Ma we're all right. We'll go to Doc Mimms. Jesus mercy, that's Charlie Higgins, Dave Laller ... Nope. Yesterday. I can hit those boys from here. We just need a distraction. They're just insurance in case we run. Another dozen out back. Cole, he didn't mean that. Jesse. Strategically. Get buckets! Shakespeare. He's European. Oh, Lord, the dance hall girl at Bunty's... The brown one. I think one of 'em's glass. Must be a garrison in town. We're in occupied territory, boys. Soon as I hit one, the other'll know and beat us up. Cannon or Gatling? Hell, they hardly even noticed us. I'll meet you down there in a few weeks. I'm sure it seemed like a good idea at the time. Yeah. Railroad burned him out too. You couldn't have stopped him. Jim was old enough... Got any ideas, little brother? No, I -- Just do me a favor. Think about what this is costing everybody. Not just the railroad. We're drunk. A better life than the one you could have had with Zee? Maybe it started out that way. But now... I can't quit and leave you alone. I can't quit until you quit. Ma would've wanted it that way. If I could go back to farming -- It got to you, didn't it. All the killing in the war. You need it now. Jesse, we're outlaws. Pardon the delay, folks, but we had to get Mad Bob Younger under control! The posters? Gents, we are in the middle of something here. It's the scientific method. It's all the rage. And it's guarded by Pinkerton detectives. And that's why you both lead the gang. Two of you went into that bank together, right? We're gonna have to talk... How'd it go in there? Didn't think you would. I'm going to go make the coffin. ... We could move on. Rebuild. Make a decent life someplace else. Pinkertons. It's the railroad. You're looking a bit more spry now that somebody -- Would you get in the carriage? Until Ma has you home so she can fuss over you herself, she's gonna make me miserable. You ready to stop loafing around with this young lady and get back to farming? I went up to the courthouse and looked at the right of way documents for the rail bed. The railroad doesn't even need our land, they're just taking the land on both sides for as far as they can. You know him? Your Zee? Hmm. "From women's eyes this doctrine I derive: they sparkle still the right Promethean fire; They are the books, the arts, the academes, that show, contain, and nourish all the world." She's still talking to Jesus. Next time try "fat and haggard." You are a charmer. "Big and older"? Maybe, maybe... Think about this. If we just come up with a story and stick to it, we should be all right. Whyyyy... he took down the Gatling gun and the cannon all by himself. You're doing just fine. We better go to Doc's, see what's going on here. Hello, Liberty Missoura! I'm sure it seemed like a good idea at the time. I reckoned. No, Jesse, your problem is you're always doing stuff before I'm finished figuring it out. I figure. You could have worn one of those big, floppy woman's Easter Sunday hats. Mm-hmm. Pff. They hardly even noticed you. Every time I put my head up to hit that Gatling, they try to shoot it off. Everything but the boring parts. Yeah Jimmy? I think... he was just a real interestin' fella to have around. Can't argue that. Saved a lot of folk from the railroad. That he was. Allow a man his version of the past. When you get to be my age, you've got enough painful memories, you're allowed to soften a few of the edges up. I know. But that's how it should have ended. Your Dad and Mom, riding off into a new life, growing old together, happy. Yeah, Jimmy?Tell me. What? He's been full of vinegar lately. You are a fine figure of a man. This is about the "Wanted!" Posters, isn't it. Beg pardon? Okay, folks, I think we know how this is going to go... "Bank officials estimate the loss at fifty thousand dollars." "The outlaws calling themselves the James-Younger Gang shot their way out of town, wounding the Sherriff and three other townsfolk." We oughta take some of this, give it to our neighbors in Liberty. Lot of people hurting up there. All right, settle down. All this money ain't ours. Exactly. You have no shame. How many of them did he kill? Home. We go home. We ride like hell to get there, and we kill anything or anyone that comes between us and our homes. And when we get there we stay there and God help any fool who tries to get me to leave my farm again. No, really. You're wife said she needed some help, seeing as you were so fat you couldn't find your -- I think I saw you leavin' by the front door just as I was coming in the back. I think I recognize you. You, ya barrel of pork lard. Here piggy piggy! Where'd you get all these riders? Pff. All we been through, the thought never crossed my mind. Missed you too, cousin. Who's next? You? Me? Bob? I'm out. Pass me some whisky. Okay, you're gonna rest here. A trap. Fine. We hit this bank. Still smells fishy. And I'm the better outlaw. And almost got hanged in peacetime. A bad idea. Beautiful. You're forgetting who's in charge -- What are you saying? Smells funny, it being mentioned in the paper. What will be? Hold on, hold on, we all know Bob is an important part of the gang. Yep. Sure, cousin. "The Fidelity Bank and Trust was robbed on Tuesday by a gang of twenty heavily armed men." It's better. It's a construction depot. They'll have the strongbox and some ammo and explosives for us to take. That way we can take on a bigger job. See, Frank's being smart about this. I got seven thousand. Sorry. Perfect, Cole. Just like in the war. Harass their supply lines. We kill the railroad's men, they won't care. This isn't a feud, this is war. They've got more men than we do. We kill detectives, they can replace 'em in a day. Yeah. But it was a whole lot of killing. Why should we miss that? The war? What, are you crazy? There are things I miss about it. Thanks for the help. All right, calm down. I'll agree Sadie was a woman -- She had a moustache. You ever notice Zerelda's eyes? In case we have to kill these sonofabitches, I don't want them to see us coming. Not now. Pick your fights, cousin. You taught me that. Hands off your hip, Cole. Home, boys. Back to our farms. There's Yankees back there. Lot's of 'em. I could use the walk. What's going on? Yesss, but I was thinking, I could come by, and then take Zee out. Some place near. With other folk. Near. Here. But out. What do you say, sir? Go home, Doc. They ain't gonna hang no more Liberty boys. Died a hero. Pff. He jumped his horse clear over our heads, killed a dozen Union soldiers before they knew what hit them. -- rode right into them, screaming like a banshee. See you soon. Oh, and I appreciate the distraction back there. A war against the railroad. What the hell were we thinking? You're a piss-poor liar for the smartest man I know. He was a boy riding with the most famous outlaws in the West. How was he supposed to say no to that? Shoulda learned with Web. Made it look fun, made it look like an adventure. Got Web killed. Now Jim. They're all pinned down. Can't even get to the door. You taking sides against me, now, Frank? Oh yeah. What do you want me to say, Frank? I was killing men when I was fifteen. I like getting shot at. I like riding out of town with a posse at my back. This is a helluva better life than farming. We're doing this for Ma. That's a lie. You could've bought a dozen farms with the money we've stolen. You've killed your fair share of men. And we're good at it. This has been a good year. Bob here'll kill a man for sneezing, and he's the best shot in the gang. Bob's upset. I don't think it's counterfeit. Do you mind if I take a look at all your real bills to compare? And I do so want to shoot some Pinkerton detectives. And I planned getting you off the hangman's deck -- Fine. How'd it go out here? Make a thousand of 'em. Still won't be enough by the time I'm through. Don't care. Ma. Shut up. Uh, Doc, I was wondering if, uh, this evening, I could come by? What do you think? Damn. All that reading paid off. Heard of him. -- if you stop saying things about my Zee. What worries me is that Jesus is talking back. I swear I'll shoot you in your sleep. You can shut up now. That just might work. What kind of story are they going to believe? All we thought about was coming home. I swore I'd kill anybody who tried to get me off my farm again. If I have to go to war with the railroad to stay, fine by me. Saved all our lives, Doc. None of the Liberty boys would have come home if not for Web Mimms, Doc. God's honest truth. Zee, we got to talk to you and your father. Frank, don't you have something to say? Looks like Web Mimms wasn't the only casualty this town's got. All this time in the saddle... We get to the farm, I'm going to shoot this damn horse just on principle. Hell of a war. Web's dead. See, that's your problem, Frank. By the time you finish figuring out stuff, I'm already finished doing it. That would have made an impression. Such as? So you're saying I could have done more to attract their attention. Distracting enough for you? So we got a plan? Doc Mimms will -- We know, Ma. Now we got to get you to Doc Mimms. Ma! Please! Somebody's in a vengeful smiting mood today. Easterners. Ma, I'm glad to see you being nice to our Injun friend. A fair number, Ma. I'll explain on the way. Yes ma'am. You are a hell of a woman. Yes ma'am. What? Swimming. Swimming is good. Aw, shucks, ma'am... Now, sweetie, y'all wouldn't go believing one of them silly dime novels, would you? Let me see that. I beg your pardon? "Hmm" what? I've got you. You keep me busy. I figure we'll get over to the hotel... get checked in, cleaned up... then I'd like to do something I've been thinking about for a long time. That's why I picked it. We can start a whole new life down here. She's beautiful. Smart. And has the biggest... buck teeth in all of Missouri. She's the most wonderful woman in the world. Can't get her out of my mind. I had to see you. I'm getting married. Zee. When my name makes them cry in their sleep. When I've brought them to ashes. Laws don't touch men like Thaddeus Rains. Only justice does. Me neither. Frank and me have to go away for a while. I've been planning on kissin' you for a very long time. Yep. Little ones. Ahem. "From this doctrine..." No, ah... "From women's eyes this doctrine I derive, they sparkle still like ... shiny... sparkling rocks..." Honestly, you'd do if only you had the buck teeth. Smart. Funny. Bossy. Always makes me think she's two steps ahead of me. And big buck teeth. Not if I find the right girl. Mostly. It would be an all right life, for a bachelor. Arr. Hand over your jewels, Missy. I was thinking more along the lines of being a river pirate. I used to come to this tree when I was a kid and imagine what my life would be like when I got older. Unfair. You are completely unfair. I wasn't the only one risking my neck that day. What? What you do to me is unfair. The teasing, I mean. No! I mean, of course not. No. I've been on my back two weeks. I'm sick of it. Nuh-huh ... Mmmm. If there's anything we can do for you, Dr. Mimms. We want to help. But you got big! Zerelda? Little Zee Mimms? Fair enough. Thanks. That was for my Ma. Now this is for everybody else. Ahh, you'll miss me. I'm not hanged yet. Should have just killed Thaddeus Rains and been done with it. I figured. No, that one was close. A couple fellas quit after that one. Almost got me in Billings. I saw you there, shooting at me. The cows had a brand from a farm just five miles out of town. You had all those cattle there, so I'd think the extra men were in town from the cattle drive? Last February? You almost ended my career before it began. Did you order our houses burned down? So I'll get a fair trial in front of a jury bought off by Thaddeus Rains? But I like the presidential suite. Right here in church? Thank you. I could have lied I suppose, but I want this marriage to be legal. I just want you to know, I'm trying to start a new life here. I'm depending on your... You don't think God'll mind, do you? You're gonna tell her when you're resting up in bed with her, Jimmy. This time we'll make an exception. What about that Rock Island bastard? You do that. I swear. I think so. You been with a girl ever? Jim, you been with a girl yet? I guess so. Yeah. Hey, are you drinking whisky? You're too young to be drinking whisky. No. And the same age Web was. No. And you're too young.Jesse, you explain to Lyla. My girl, you know, from that time... ... too young for whisky... It's his money. He's putting up the payroll out of his own fortune. You do want to hurt Thaddeus Rains, don't you Jesse? Tell you something else. I can't drink that good neither. I'm going to go outside and throw up. You and Frank and Cole, and even Bob, get all these girls because you're good looking and famous. You don't have to pay. They just look at me like I'm the baby brother. Don't tell anyone, okay Jesse? Hell yeah! I been with... Uh, not exactly. It's just, I don't want to get one of these paid ladies, you know? Well, not exactly. Tonight? Why, I'm just getting ready to turn on the Younger charm. I was always jealous Web Mimms got to go off and fight with you and Cole. Now it's my turn. Not too young to shoot a man, not to young to drink. You okay, Jesse? I like that. I'm the same age you were when you went off to war. Don't talk about it much, though. Devereux. My brother Cole dated a European girl once. Why don't we get a bottle of sherry to sip while we talk? Gosh, that's a pretty name. Buy you a drink? Thank you, Miss -- ? Not at all. Really? Oh, you were talking to Jesse. Why, yeah.How much of that story is true? Uncle Frank? So what was he? But he killed a lot of men, too. They're making him a hero now. Sounds like he was a hell of a man. ...every time you tell that story, you stop there. That's not how it ended. I was five when my dad got shot. Y'know, Uncle Frank...Go ahead to the saloon. But don't get too drunk! East? East above the river heading for the Eagle Pass? Of St. Louis? The District Marshall Yeah, Injun. What do you want?Fine. I'll just wait here. Oh. Why didn't you just say so? Then why can't I go in there? I know it ain't no durned bank holiday!There's only four of them... How can that be? They had to be dealt with! Relax, Alan. The Army has this all in hand. And Mr. Thaddeus Rains will be very pleased with this news. Nothing like a hanging to motivate the populace to relocate. I'm doing you folks a favor -- How did you know? I remember you. Oh, that. I'll let Jenkins explain. What, sir? Sir? The final route for the railroad is complete. We should go burn that school to the ground, sir! Your men knew the risks. We did. To be precise, they didn't blow up the tracks. Thirty-five thousand, sir. Coins and currency. And the delay from the miles of destroyed track -- They exchanged fire with the Pinkerton Guards, killing several of them. Then they raided the payroll office and blew the tracks for half a mile. I see. I'll get together four patrols of our detectives for action tonight. A further impediment is that the Army garrison has been ordered to move on from Liberty. We will no longer have that particular stick with which to threaten the farmers. Yes sir. Unfortunately not, sir. A gang of local thugs managed to rescue him from the gallows. Not only has this inspired resistance from the other farmers, the redoubtable Mr. Alan Pinkerton was seriously injured during the incident. Two weeks ago, we managed to arrange to have the Army hang one of the local farmers. I can completely understand your distress, sir. Really! Mr. Thaddeus Rains, sir, it is a pleasure to have you join us in the field.Communion. Now let's have a drink. Who needs to repair a leaky church roof. Discretion? Sir, I am a man of the cloth. The Lord is remarkably tolerant of the charitable. "Jesse Woodson James." Jesse James? The Jesse James? This is unusual. Most of our marriages are members of the congregation.I'd just as soon kill you, Jesse James. But chasing you takes up too much of my time. The railroad has no business in Tennessee. Therefore I have no interest in the state of Tennessee. He's too important, James. They'll set the army on you. You and your wife. No, I'll hang you. But I may miss you just a bit. You cocky little bastard. That's what I would have done. Was it worth it? Oh. That's nice to know. We're going to hang you, you know. I went myself to oversee the operation. Didn't help much. Damn. Yes? Mmm. How did you spot the ambush in Torrell? Pity. Not that day. I am guilty of many things, but that was Mr. Thaddeus Rains and Parker, that day. That's the idea. Oh, it's a similar room. But the hotel is in Washington D.C. You're not going to get a fair trial down here, in front of a jury of Jesse James sympathizers. We're moving you tomorrow. Move you fools! They donate money to farmers, to churches. Rumor has it they gave the sharecroppers of Maddox so much money they were able to build a school. By burning down their homes? My professional opinion is that you have managed to piss off the wrong bunch of farm boys this time. It's not my job to relax. I've put men facing out both ways down Main Street, so nobody can ride in shooting. I've got a sharpshooter up on the water tower just in case. Well, this land is about to be condemned. Vengeance. Why, their intense hatred of you, of course. No need. I have another tool at my disposal which will narrow it down to one bank. There are only four banks within that travel radius which they have not robbed. Every three months, the James Gang circles back to the vicinity of Liberty, Missouri. They always pull a job right before they return, probably to have extra money to give family and friends. No. It's going to be a long spring. No, you demand results. They are not the same thing. And if you want results, you will let me do my job as I see fit. Unless of course, You want this fool to saddle up and take another run at it? Yes, that's the way to win the locals back to our side. And there are some towns in Missouri where James and his men can walk openly, as heroes. First of all: you, shut up. Now, you've given me a thousand miles of railroad to cover. Every time the James Gang strikes, we shift a hundred detectives to that area. But there's just too much open land, too many riverbeds to ride, caves to hide in. This gang operates across four states, often riding a hundred miles between jobs. All of the James Gang's encounters have been with local law enforcement who, quite frankly, are no match for this group's cunning. It's going to be a long winter. Hardly farmers. I've done some checking. All these were in the War. These men know sabotage, tactics, and have four years of bloody fighting experience behind them. They are disciplined, well-trained and have a charismatic leader. If I were to design the perfect outlaw band, this gang is what I would create. It's early in the game yet, Mr. Rains. Jesse James and I are just learning how each other moves, feeling out each other's patterns. Oh, that's the best part. It is a nice piece of writing. I'm afraid our adversaries don't agree. Would a jury around here convict their own? I think not. We're beginning an interesting game here, Mr. Rains. Oh no, I would have done that. But I would have made sure I killed them, too. Not to mention my men who lost their lives.Not such a menace now, is he, Pinkerton? This is him. That. What is that? Parker. I look forward to seeing it. With my money! What is going on here, man? THEN WHO DID?! I'll kill them for blowing up my railway! How much did they get from the safe? I'll teach these podunks what happens when they challenge the righteousness of progress. You see the Army leaving and you see the loss of a tool. I see a power void to be filled. As we have the most power, we may move with impunity. Just perfect. Leaving you in charge of operations until he recovers. Good. Parker, tell me what's going on so I can return as quickly as possible to Boston and my whores and cigars, not necessarily in that order. NO! It is NOT my pleasure to have to leave my board room to come to this godforsaken piece of dirt to discover why in the name of all that is holy you cannot seem to evict a few simple farmers from their PATHETIC LITTLE MUDHOLES so that I may build the GREATEST railroad that this country has ever seen! And it is my pleasure to be here. What the hell is that sound? What is that? Can you put men at all four? In English, Pinkerton. So he's won. Can't you tell me anything? I demand action. I can't believe this. Pinkerton. It's been eight months. I see robberies. I see hold ups. But I do not see men on the end of nooses. So you can't tell me anything? I'm losing millions of dollars and months of time while you play chess with these farmers! "The gang made off with thirty-five thousand dollars and also destroyed the Thaxton Switch construction, meaning that for a few months honest farmers will be able to sleep without fearing the railroad is coming to steal their land!" Who wrote this!? I'll see him hanged every Tuesday for a month! "A Rock Island and Pacific Railroad depot was robbed two nights ago just outside St. Louis, Missouri. The brave and daring James-Younger Gang was heavily outnumbered by Pinkerton detectives, but the city lawmen were no match for the guns of the West." This is no game. I want them arrested and hanged! You wouldn't have done that? Look at this, Pinkerton! They got the payroll, and this damage will set construction back two months at least.Shit. Where the hell were you? When have you ever known Old Man Tucker not to be yelling at everybody? Old Man Tucker is just standing quiet outside the bank. What the --All right, all right. Jesse James never yelled at folk... Where is Jesse James? Of course! Uh, sir?