Wow. That's hard. I'd have to say  it's the day we launched Outpost It's the beverages. Gary always makes sure we've got the  coolest stuff to drink. Knowing your work means something. It's the people. Which is weird. Big companies are s'posed to be  impersonal. There's this myth that doing a start- up is cooler. But there's no community  with a start-up. No permanence. It bums me out when the media say  we're cultish, or whatever. Why?  'Cause we care about each other? 'Love you too, bro. I'll tell you what's not cool. How Gary gets this superbad rap. There's this prejudice against super- smart people. People like Gary. A kid working in his garage can create  the next Outpost, the new IBM. All  it takes is a great idea. That's why nobody can have a monopoly  in a business built on ideas. The coolest? Gary. He's like you or  me. If we happened t'be insanely  rich. Can we go? For me? It's Seattle! 'Starting to get nauseated. Do you mind? Did anybody mention the beverages? They still have to give 'em  refreshments laced with mind-altering  drugs. 'Gonna wait outside. Alice? You gotta make him do the  start-up with Teddy and me. You know what I mean. I'm not exactly worldly, but I'm the  Secretary of State next to him. And they're all throwing this --  stuff at him. Stock options. Pay  packages. I'm just screwed. You don't wanna move, do you? I can't help it. I feel like they'd  do anything to keep their -- He's my god. I hear he actually calls  recruits sometimes. Or is that an  Urban Legend? Gary's running the biggest software  company in the world, Brian. He's  being harassed by the Justice  Department, and he's got a new baby. Milo? I'm Danny. Oh hi. Gary would like to speak to you? ...Hello? Milo? Gary Boyd. I'm hoping you and  your friend can come up here. We've  made some amazing strides in digital  convergence. I'd love to show them  to you. You would? Wow. When would we come? 'Think he hung up. All the companies know. The faculties  tell 'em. At the target schools. In exchange for endowments. They  should just drop the pretense and  name the schools after 'em. I can't believe you refused a ticket! My parents're already freaked-out  I'm staying here. 50 miles from  Chinatown. Well maybe if you told 'em how much  money you'd be making -- You're going up there. Right? I think you should go. You do? I mean, it's your life. I think I kind of lost it. I was  just so thrilled to be talking to  the richest, most powerful... 'Didn't  know I even cared about that stuff. A lot of what Larry says is true.  They just clone stuff, or reverse  engineer it, and everybody gets stuck  with their inferior version cause  they -- If he's really a bully, he won't cop  to it, anyway. When I was a kid? And he was moving  us all over the place? I spent all  my time writing stuff on Outpost  1.0. I thought Gary Boyd was the  greatest. 'Couldn't convince Teddy to come? He's pretty tight with his family. We could move 'em up here. He just likes to write code. He's  bummed there's so much secrecy and  competition, everybody trying to own  everything. Who do you mean by "everybody." So -- how far are we from the campus? Oh we're not going to the campus. Who's that? I think they call him the "Houseman."  'Cause "guard" sounds too weird. Don't be nervous. The house is the  weirdest thing about him. It's like he knows everybody expects  him to be this worldly, colorful  zillionaire. But he's just a guy who  likes software. Have a seat. He won't be long. We tried the big vaporware number,  Gary, it's no-sale. Can we buy into their IPO? Or is  that a Justice Dept. problem? There is no public offering. The guy  who wrote it joined some freakazoid  cult in San Luis Obispo. 'Wrote this  just to run their web site. Milo? Excuse the tie. I was on TV. ...That's okay. The house knows the paintings I like,  it knows my favorite music. Same for  anybody else who's in the system. Cool! Would you like a Coke or something? Oh. No thanks. When we started, I just hired my  smart friends. That was great. We  got a little bigger, I had to hire  smart strangers. Much harder. Now I don't get to hire anybody. But  I know you're the guy to write  Skywire. You know a lot about art, I guess. There's a rumor going around, maybe  you've heard it. There's more to life than computers?  I'm looking into it. 'Once I start looking into something. I've only shown this to three other  people. I bought 200, we've launched  12 so far. I keep the coordinates in  this room. It's left over from SDI. Reagan's  Star Wars technology? They orbit 426  miles up. Low enough to relay internet traffic. Among other things... We know  convergence is the real super-highway:  all the PC's, TV's, phones, etc.  linked together. Why cram it into a  cable if you can use the whole sky? Skywire. The content filer has t'be written  into the media files so bits coming  off the satellite can be read by  multiplatforms. Really, omniplatforms.  Including whatever new hardware  emerges. It needs a more object-oriented  language. This doesn't scale, does  it? You'd have to start practically from  scratch. But this is all you'd be  working on. No marketing meetings,  no product seminars. We can't waste  the time. Half the Valley's working  on convergence. So're media  conglomerates, cable companies, phone  companies. 'Can't finish second,  Milo. There is no second... Now what  would you like to ask me? ...Ask you? I know what people say, and not just  the Justice Department. We clone  ideas, inflict our second-rate  versions on the world, we haven't  done anything original since 1.0. Do I think that's fair? No. I'd put  some of our apps up against anybody's.  But is there some truth to it? When you get to a certain age, you  start wondering. About your legacy.  I doubt you even remember Outpost I do! Yeah? I wanna feel like I did when I  wrote that. But I'm 42, that's 100  in cyber-years. I look at you and  see the things that got me here. But somehow got away. If my dad'd leveled with me like  that even once... The weird thing  is, my fantasy he could somehow be  like the old Gary? It's his fantasy,  too. ...But? I forgot. That's why you have to  help me decide. C'mon, I wouldn't have a destiny  without you. My destiny would be  dying at 20. From eating -- You saved my life in alot of ways. I know. When's Brian coming for the TV? ...You got my E-mail? And your phone messages. You wanna  do what you do, it's not a crime. Is that how Larry feels? Uh. Not exactly. Wanted to say goodbye to him... Hey, we got seed money for the  startup! A million-five! We rented a loft in Sunnyvale. You know what's the bad part? We  can't talk about work anymore. We're  competitors! The venture capitalists  made us sign like 100 confidentiality  forms. Outpost made me sign 1,000. 'Guess  we'll find out what else we have to  talk about. Life stuff. Guess what? They got their -- Don't worry, Milo. I'm here as a  friend. Or maybe a supplicant. Right... What's that mean again? Beggar. We're at a disadvantage with  Outpost. Our experts aren't as smart  as theirs. Sometimes we can't tell  which technologies pose the threat  of a monopoly. We need a really smart  guy to help us pick our fights. I'm  taking a shot in the dark, here. I  can offer you 32,000 a year, a Buick.  I'm hoping you've got a feeling it's  the right thing to do. It's just -- I kind of feel the need  to do something with my ability.  Create something... Like I said: shot in the dark. If you see something there that rubs  you the wrong way? Do the right thing. That took some fun out of -- There're 20 buildings, I mean not  counting the Gyms, the Day Care,  etc. Gary's put millions in there. And  the people with kids? They're not  hotshot geeks, they're just payroll  clerks or whatever. You'll see alot of that: Department  of Justice goons snooping around. So how'd you like the house? His Snapples were in alphabetical  order. Well, he micro-managed the company  till it got too big... 'Guess he needs to micro-manage  something. Milo, I'm Judith. Welcome! Everybody has the same office, there's  no dumbass corporate hierarchy. Desi, Milo. Best bomb shelters in America,  accessible from every building. You  gotta figure we're a major target,  right? Whoa. Lisa actually looked at you. Every geek here's got a thing for  Lisa. But that's about the biggest  reaction she's had to anybody. She's a programmer? Heavy graphical background, doing  design-interface for Skywire apps. You'll be working with her. I've got a girlfriend, remember? Right. That's rare around here. You  know how nuns' re-married to Jesus?  'Posties are married to Outpost. Here's your world. Copy of Gary's book, also the audio  version, narrated by Gary. The card's encoded. Tells us who  came through the door and when. Unauthorized entries sound like this. If you see a tailgater, report him. Tailgater? Somebody coming in on your swipe. He seems a little -- tense. Geeks pull his chain cause he's non- tech. Ex-cop or something. They moon  cameras, or use ATM's as swipe cards.  The cameras're our real security so  he's a little demoralized. What're they building? #21. Way behind schedule. It's top- secret, but everybody knows it's a  digital broadcast space. They see  the dishes on top, the fiber optics  going in. Gary's not into fiber optics. He's  betting everything on the satellites. You wanna survive in the software  business, you cover your bets... I  gotta say, this is the weirdest car  anybody ever requested. Oh, right. Your girlfriend's an  artist. I phoned her at your hotel, told her  about our corporate housing options.  She sounds neat. ...She is. She is! 'Might be some friction on the  domestic front. You're expected you  to put in ridiculous hours. People've  accused us of breaking up  relationships to get their undivided  attention. Your counselor'll fill you in on  everything else. That's who you'll  be working with almost daily. Busy? No! Just waiting for my counselor to  come by and introduce himself. Okay. I'm Gary. 'Think I should buy some originals? ...Do I? Somebody said I'm just another  Philistine. With reproductions. That's insane. You're ahead of your  time. That's what I told her. My wife. 'Thinks I'll be less of a control  freak if I have a hobby. 'Just gives  me something else to obsess about... Anything we can salvage from the old  code before you start fresh? Uh, might be one or two things. He's been in there like an hour. Shit. Could work with a new switch. There  may be a few more things hidden. Don't spend too much time searching.  You ever vetted somebody's old code  before? It's a different skill. Stay close  to the surface. The best-hidden  secrets are in plain sight. You know  the best place to hide a leaf, right? In a tree. You know he's never been anybody's  counselor before? Oh, It's great. It's great! 'Think I should tell him I learned  everything using 1.0? Maybe I could  show him one of my early programs. "Infotek's urgent need to license  Outpost Office is such that we can  use it as a tool in the current  negotiation." When you wrote the word "tool," what'd  you mean by it? I don't remember. What d'you think you meant by it? I'm confused. Am I supposed to  speculate under oath? Since you didn't have an answer to  that question, Mr. Boyd -- Didn't I? Have an answer? "I don't  remember." Did you wanna take a break, Mr. Boyd? Your protege's moving so fast we can  barely keep up with him. This is good. Who did it? 'Start-up not 50 miles from here.  Kid's on Prozac. Maybe we should all get on it. How's it going? Maybe I'm going too fast. Too fast? At least four companies're  on the verge of workable convergence  systems, Milo, they -- Even when I had a hand in every aspect  of the company I knew the one thing  you can never control is somebody's  creative process. It's okay. Really. Take a look at this. Slightly  different approach. You did this -- overnight? You're making me young again. ...A graduate of MIT, he was on the  antidepressant Prozac, and had been  warned not to drink and drive. (Etc.) Lisa. You know mine. I'm getting a teacher's pet rep. ...Were you? Me too! Were you an Army brat or  something? Didn't mean to pry. I just have this  theory. Some of us who got to good  at this? We were -- escaping  something. Did I say something? I used to wish that. All the time. What've you got there? Show me. Cool! ...Sh-Show me the next one. Because we bundled it, the judge is  threatening to enjoin the whole -- I'm confused, Ted. Didn't you tell me they'd be Chapter  12 by the time they could hope to  enjoin? I'm very confused, because  you said they'd be ready to settle. Milo. What's up? Well -- you sent for me. Right... Right. You really wrote this just today? What're you implying. Nothing! Everything I do is under scrutiny.  The questions they ask, trying to  make anything strategic look sordid. I'm confused. Doesn't everybody in  business try to get ahead? I'm sure. The purpose of this company isn't to  destroy our competitors any more  than the purpose of living is to  breath. But the software business is  binary: you're a zero or a one. Being  obsessive isn't a crime. It's a  character trait. It scales, don't you think? Definitely. To our new life. ...What's wrong? He gave me some new code-fixes this  morning. I said, "Did you really do  this just today?" Cause I was  impressed. He said "What're you  implying?" It's the way he said it. Just the  way my dad did, when he was caught  in a lie. That's how you knew you  were onto something ugly. That's what I'm asking myself. Does  he have some genius stowed away? Why  not let him write Skywire. 'Not saying it makes sense. I'm so stupid. I know, I know. Isn't that -- extreme? You're right. It's -- a working  relationship. Don't know what I was  expecting. No. Please. "There is no second place." Plus  every time I get jammed-up, Gary has  an inspiration. Is it like that with your counselor? Right, right. But does he ever just,  like, hand you code? You're compulsive. Why's that? So, when you were talking about  wishing people were more like  computers. Was that then? Or now? Milo! Just dropped off a resume. Almost  got in the front door. You're living here? 'Thought if I relocated it could  help my case. I'm writing programs  for the local public access station.  Where any whack-job with 100 bucks  gets his own show? God, does it suck. Can you help me? Sure, I'll see what I can do. Well I parked illegally. See y'later? 'Forgot to introduce you. I have a girlfriend. She saved my life. How's it going down there? I've been hacking for five night's  straight, I'm really making headway. But these, like, White Supremacists  trashed my office, last week. What?! They're in the neighborhood. They  usually hassle Vietnamese grocers. Jesus, Teddy. I'm cool. They didn't touch the  machine. Or my disks. Probably didn't  know what they were. So, you a Moonie  yet? Milo? I met this girl. What? Come on. Is it serious? I don't know. Did you tell Alice? No! I keep thinking it'll go away.  But there's this -- connection. She's  been hacking since she was little,  she had to move around a lot. Plus I  see her every day, we're working on  the same program. She's -- beautiful. A beautiful geek? I don't wanna sound  paranoid, or like a pig, but what're  the chances? What d'you mean? I dunno. I guess Larry's got me  totally suspicious of that place. What does that mean? Milo, geeks don't have two  girlfriends. Most don't have one. I didn't plan this. What'd the girl say? There may be a little less trust  after your outburst. Hasn't affected his work, though. Nothing does. Still. I want him to  like me. ...What's wrong? What! What're you -- what? They trashed his hard disk, all his  back-ups. Nothing's left. They caught the guys? It's an airtight case. They found  the weapon with Teddy's blood on it  and their fingerprints. They'd been  arrested twice for beating-up Asians.  How come they weren't in jail? He told me about the break-in. He  didn't seem to take it that seriously. You guys don't take anything seriously  do you? That's not on a hard drive? I didn't know he was working with  fiber optics. I know you lost all his work. Maybe  I could come down here and -- You are naive. Look at your employment  contract: you can't work anywhere  else in this field for at least few  years. Not that I don't miss you. Just thought his work should go on. He was on the verge of something,  too. He was gonna show us the next  day. He said "The answer's not in  the box, it's in the band." Know  what it means? It's only meaningful when you've got  40,000 lines of code to back it up. Man, could he write code. Totally  elegant. He had his own style. Those really weird, short lines. Take good care of this guy. I heard what happened. Were the flags for Teddy? Had you talked to him much lately? Just once. 'Guess I was worried we  didn't have anything to talk about,  since work was off-limits. Non- disclosure. Did you? Talk about work? Never! I meant did you find other stuff to -- Oh. Yeah. You've been coming in early. It helps. Alice said it would help.  To focus on something. 'Don't know what I'd do without her. Milo? Wow. You must have 20,000 lines of  code there... 34,000. But they're real short lines.  'Just came out that way. Been thinking about the push mechanism  in the handler. And it came over me:  it's in the wrong place. The wrong place? The answer's not in the box. It's in  the band. Gotta go home. 'Think I ate something. Alice? Alice! I don't know what I'm saying. Maybe --  maybe they hired those guys. I don't know! I just know it was  Teddy's code. All these ideas flying  in from everywhere. You know how he  says "Any kid working in his garage  can put us out of business?" It's  like they know what every kid's doing. Nobody does work like this on-line.  It's in your PC, or in a mainframe.  Self-contained. They'd have to be,  like, watching people. Physically. Oh Jesus. It's a camera. It isn't a broadcast studio. It's --  a surveillance post or something.  That's why they have the dishes on  top. Go where? You can't get away from  people like this. You think I don't know that? How should I know? "Solving a  problem," I guess. Or needing to  control everything. I don't know. I've gotta get in there. It's the only one with dishes on the  roof. The studio's a front. That's  why they keep postponing its opening. ...gotta get in there. I can't just walk away! They stop the construction work at  six or seven. The parking lot's mostly  clear by two or three in the morning.  Even the early Geeks don't get there  before five. No! I can't just keep my head in the  sand. That's how I got into this  mess. I know how to get in there. But you've  gotta help me. So you believe me? Come on. Sir, you gotta use your own -- Where's your ID? Do you know who I am? It's my job, I gotta -- The kind of stock options I'm sitting  on? Every geek has to try this once to  show me how smart he is -- There was an explosion in a Y-sector  closet, we're evacuating the whole  sector. Un-nh, can't wander around without  ID now. Just park your ass in that  chair. Whole place reeks of fuckin' ammonia. What is it? Not much. Glorified cherry bomb.  Right by the civil defense sign?  Some geek's idea of irony. I been  saying we need a camera in this hall. There's nothing in this hall.  Someone's pulling your chain, as  usual. Unless it's a diversion. Milo's in  my office. He was tailgating, so I -- Milo? Try to have a clue. Try to  think. That kid's the great white hope. I could get it out of him. You're not listening. Everything okay? How's it goin'? Big night. Switched from tea to  coffee. Brought new meaning to my  work. Yeah? Maybe I'll start my rounds  with #21 tonight. You are a wild man. Well. Now he knows: nothin' in there. Maybe he'll get back to work. Speaking of which... Yeah, yeah. ...in a tree... Did you download Corey? In San Jose? Damn. 'Have to go back over there. Be so much easier if we could walk  in the front door. You don't look anything like a three- year-old. -- run this methamphetamine lab known  to Federal Authorities, per ND 47,  from which we removed the implement,  fingerprints intact. FBI footage, procured by ND 47, shows  the aftermath of an Aryan Nations'  killing in Denver. Note the evidence  of torture, which is typical. -- complete immersion in code-writing  renders him both unobservant and  suggestible [click]. On two occasions  he went truant from classes to attend  Comix Conventions. -- Rebecca P, a Connecticut art stu-  dent facing Federal drug charges,  whose records were supplied to us by Armed with his personal files, she  was easily able to ingratiate herself  with the socially maladroit Milo -- ...she planted the sesame seed both  to test the extent of his proclivity  and to provide a bonding experience,  since she would quote "save his life." -- should it be needed Milo's allergy  is the ideal -- Note that the cult members are found  reclining after swallowing the [click]  Syringe marks best hidden at base of  scrotum [click] mimics high blood  alcohol [click] indistinguishable  from kidney failure. Please don't be one of them. ...needs to be watched, due to her  heightened level of suspicion -- -- and to her possible contagion of  key employees. In August '86 Lisa informed her mother  of the sexual molestation by her  stepfather, and of his threat to  kill her should she tell anyone. He gave me this. 'Said I should come  see him if -- He's not in yet. Can I wait in his office? It's locked, dear. Please. Wait in his outer office. Mr. Barton, do you remember me? ...It's -- Milo, isn't it? Yes sir. I need to talk to you. Give me two seconds with Lacy here? Go on in, I won't be a moment. I'll make the call, but I think you  need to send a Fax first (etc.). Milo? Yeah. Hi. Thank you for seeing me. Have a seat. What seems to be the problem? You  look a little upset. I am. I am, sir. Milo? My friend, my best friend, Teddy,  was killed in Silicon Valley. My goodness. It was racially motivated. He's  Chinese. He was. And... I know  sometimes the FBI gets involved with  that. Don't they? If there's a Civil Rights violation.  But generally we let the local police  and DA do their work first. I -- just wanna help bring these  guys to justice. They're neo-Nazis. Let me look into it, see what's being  done. Frankly, it's not my area. 'Just didn't know who else to talk  to. And Outpost? You're happy there? Yes sir. 'Didn't mention he was going to the  Justice Department? Not like him, is it? To do a thing  like that without telling you. You're  not losing your hold on him, are  you? That'll be a test, won't it? Lisa's an extremely valuable member  of the Skywire team. We've got our  eyes on her. You keep yours on Milo. Nothing. It's what they said it is. An  unfinished broadcast studio. You  were right... I just drove to Seattle  and back. Remember Lyle Barton? The Justice Department guy who came  to the apartment when -- After I broke into 21 -- which was  insane, thank God they didn't catch  me! -- I just drove around. Trying  to figure out what possessed me. You  know what? I've been putting my own  guilt on Gary. If I'd stayed down there, maybe this  wouldn't've happened. I thought, instead of indulging all  these paranoid delusions, risking my  job, alienating Gary, scaring you, I  should do something useful with my  grief. Help them find Teddy's killers. ...been such a long night. ...Different? I snuck into #21. You thought about it too. You've  been suspicious for a while. But  it's not happening in there. It's  happening in the Day Care. Can we go someplace else? It's easy to know who the smart geeks  are, the schools tell 'em. They upload  medical files, school records,  pharmacy files. They'd be happy just  to steal code forever. But when a  program gets close to fruition. Like  Teddy. He was almost there. You know. There is no second place.  And what's the risk? The killings're   undetectable, they're hand-tailored,  they make "sense." I mean, they're  in the information business. They  have scenarios for all of us, too.  In case we find out too much. I'm not one of them. Not trying to  "suss you out." They killed my best friend! I'm living  with somebody they pay to go to bed  with me. Can't you trust somebody  just once? I don't wanna be alone  here. I know why you're so secretive. Why  you won't let anybody near you. I know what he did to you. They'd frame him. They're already watching you. If  they had to, they'd give him this  drug that mimics an alcoholic  blackout. He'd wake up not even  remembering his "act of revenge." Nobody's gonna hurt you. Hmm? No, no. Never. All his suspicions were allayed? You're sure. He wasn't acting? They've got this guy in the DOJ,  maybe others. We tell the wrong  person, it's over. There's always a logical answer --  you just have to define the question. We don't tell anybody. We tell everybody. At once. So there's  no secret left to protect. When  everybody knows, they don't dare  touch us. No, Tony can't fill in for you, he's  not at your authorization level. Bob? You better look at this. Do we post it on the Net? Could it be a glitch? Something the  construction workers caused? Unlikely. All 14 cameras are frozen.  Do we call Randy and Phil? Tell 'em  there may have been a break-in? Not yet. 'Love to bust my ass cause  I'm not in frigging Mensa. I swear to God, it's that kid Milo,  I told 'em so in the first place,  but they didn't even wanna hear about  it. Let's run a printout on card entries. Right. But Gary's tied-in to a lot  of media conglomerates. Have to be  careful who we pick. Certainly not at my happy home. Gary, hi. You look a little tired. I'm okay. It's going well! 'Have a look? Sure. Why did you move around so much?  When you were a kid. ...My dad was a compulsive gambler.  Only he didn't think he was. That  applied to guys who didn't have a  "system." "Losers," who played games  of chance. He could "read" people,  so chance had nothing to do with it.  No matter how deep a hole he dug  himself, he'd give you the whole  speech. And you'd better not point  out the obvious. His creditors would catch up to him.  Loan sharks or whatever. He'd wake  us in the middle of the night. Off  we'd go, again. What would you tell the kids? At  your new school? You had to come up  with a good story, right? No. I just went deeper into the  machine. Preferred being the geek to  having to explain. Lying would've  been worse. ...Worse? Cause he was a liar. And I hated  him. "Get your head out of that machine,  wise up to the real world." The more  he mocked me the deeper I went. Cause  if being savvy meant being like him -- Guess that's why I'm kind of clueless,  even now. Didn't cultivate my  conniving side. 'Not sure I even  have one. Don't be so hard on yourself. With a  brain like yours, you could connive  with the best of 'em I bet. He's buying up pretty much everything:  cable companies, baby bells, picture  libraries, museum rights, film  archives... Getting ready for Skywire. Yeah, they dig stuff like this. "CBS News has partnered with Outpost  Information Systems in a cable news  network due to launch Fall of 2001." Say there's just one "mole" working  there, like Barton at the DOJ. How  do we know he's not the guy we've  contacted? Or she? Or the guy she  works for? Time-Warner has a 40 per cent stake  in Gary's set-top device. That also  takes out CNN. "GE joins Outpost in new venture,"  which means NBC is out. "Disney joins  Outpost," ABC is out. "Outpost and  Newscorp in new deal," Fox is out.  Any of these places could have a  mole. Or all of 'em. It's like a a continuous loop. We  can go to some alternative press  place that 1,000 people read, get  them and us killed. But anything big  enough for this is a parent of or a  subsidiary to something Gary's got a  finger in! Shhh. Sorry. What? We can't just assume they're standing  by to receive Skywire 12 months from  launch. I'd have to write in an aglet. It's how on-line services push logos  they wanna sell you. You don't ask  for 'em, they just appear. 'Have to  work on it somewhere besides my office  or my house. And then the quality of  the broadcast wouldn't exactly be  digital, that's 12 months away. You'd have to design a graphic  interface to make the data pop. Maybe  some audio, too. To tie it all in to  Gary. How long would that take you? Gary knows I'm close on Skywire. We  have to do this fast. Oh, man. I'd have to get into Gary's  house. To get the satellite positions. I don't know -- Why were you so careless? Why were you snooping in my office? 'Think everybody in this place is  here the same reason we are? I told Teddy about you. "A beautiful geek? What're the  chances?" I felt guilty. 'Cause I "owed so  much" to Alice. But even then I was  starting to wonder. Is it so great  to be so consumed by this one thing  that you let another person do your  thinking for you? If you have a  lucrative skill, it's all anybody  wants from you. You grow older but  you don't grow up. You turn into --  into -- Larry used to say how the guys who  wrote the first cool operating  systems, like the UNIX guys at  Berkeley? They just gave it away.  They figured it was human knowledge,  it belonged to the world, like  Shakespeare or aspirin. 'Know what  I'm gonna do after we broadcast the  incriminating stuff? Air the Skywire  code. Then nobody can have a monopoly. Okay, yeah. I did something naughty...  There's this amazing Comix store in  Seattle. To tell you the truth, I did it once  or twice at Stanford. 'Guess I can't  keep anything from you... Every entry was authorized. Keep looking. What're we looking for? Any irregularity in the pattern. Last years' party-goers pledged over  $2 million to the Museum; this year's  event promises to raise even more.  Lured in part by the chance to see  the stunning Boyd house... Look at this. Why doesn't he ask us to his party.  He's never even met you. It's for the Museum. He knows you're  a painter. If anybody should be  invited -- I know you think I'm too attached to  him, but still. I am close to Gary.  And you're the most meaningful person  in my life. I'm going back to the Comix place,  why should I be killing myself. Hey! Get down here! This is a lifesaver. My PC crashed  just before finals. Sure. Next time you ask. 'Might of found something. Delbert seems to enter #21 twice.  Without leaving the first time. Let's get him in here. Great. I knocked off the aglet, as  soon as I get a passable version of  Skywire we're there. Thank God. They know I broke in. Alice helped  me. Shrot's not one of them. He's  blundering into this on his own. Hardly anybody does, that's the beauty  part. No cameras, the DOJ doesn't  bother with it, it's accessed by a  tunnel they boast about. You know  the best place to hide a leaf? Oh. Milo? I'm giving a benefit for the art  museum Thursday night. Thought you'd  like to bring Alice. That's great! Thanks. 'Sorry about the late notice... Why did you enter #21 twice? Huh? This thing's screwed-up. Look here. 'Shows me going into the Day Care  that night. I never been in the Day  Care. Perfect. How am I gonna get away from the  party long enough to -- That's lame, isn't it? Sorry, Sir, this part of the residence  is restricted. Alice, I'm Gary. This is my wife,  Clarissa. Milo, this is Barry Linder, who's  visiting from Hollywood. Hi, guys. Barry's studio's gonna help fill the  Skywire pipeline, thought you guys  should meet. Cool. All 10,000 of which will be signed  onto his browser, no doubt. Wait'll all the books are on-line. Where's the bathroom? You'll have to use one over there. There's like eight women waiting in  line. They take forever. Please? Right here. "Dear Lisa. I've enjoyed working  with you. I'd be lying if I didn't  say I find you attractive. But in my  heart I know that Alice..." You left my party to send E-mail? I couldn't do it at work cause of  security or at home for -- obvious  reasons. You could've handwritten it. I'm not much good at handwriting. Or  parties. Oh, that's right. You're "clueless." Gary, I'm sorry if I was rude -- Everything OK, Mr. Boyd? No problem. Is there? Gary, I -- You see what's hanging on the wall? I hope you know what you mean to me.  Not just because of what you're doing.  Because of who you are. I do know, Gary. I feel the same  way. I thought I was coming here for  a job. But it's meant a lot more. When will you have a Beta version? I'm pretty close. But when I wrote  the last contact switches, it wiped  out a piece of the content filer.  You know what it's like, writing  software. I do know. You focus on the big  problem. But somewhere down the chain,  something breaks down. Something  gets destroyed. At first it's  upsetting. You feel you've lost  control. So you have to remind yourself: it's  just the process. Something's always  lost along the way to anything  worthwhile. Some little bug, some  glitch. 'Can't get bogged down in  that, you're doing something other  people could never do. They lack the  imagination, the brain, the nerve.  Let them fret about every unforeseen  consequence. You have to solve the  problem. That's who you are. I went to see the Skywire model in  Gary's office. You know. Just to  hold it again. No. No. I sent an E-mail to somebody,  just now. To tell her how I feel  about you. You know I'm clueless, without you.  You know I -- Get the backslash, the colon, keys  kids don't use but geeks do. What would Milo want in here, anyway? They know. 'Just they don't trust me  with it. So we'll get the evidence,  first, ask questions later. He suspects I know something. I think  he was sort of -- explaining himself  to me, in case I do. We have to go in tonight. I'm two  hours from a Beta version. But I've gotta go home for an hour. She called to apologize. I said I  was pulling an all-nighter. She said  then come home just to say Hi. Which  I always do when we fight, it's  suspicious if I don't. At this point the worst thing I could  do is anything out of the ordinary. Great! You look beautiful. ...What? Don't we have any chopsticks? One more minute... Great. ...wanna savor this. Right. Wait. A toast. To the artist. It's great. It's great. Great! Great! Thanks for asking! You calling Phil and Randy? I'm calling Gary. He's left his office, we think he's  gone back to the Day Care for some  reason. Can you tell me why, Gary? Whatever you say. Wants to consult with Phil. Was it  Phil's idea to run the fingerprints? Come with me. Where we going? He's in the Day Care. Bob, I'm a programmer, not a cop. What are you doing? You're better off not knowing. What're you doing?! They're surveilling programmers from  in here. They steal their code.  Sometimes -- I know this sounds insane --  sometimes they kill one. They let me break into 21. 'Cause  there's nothing in there. You know  they've been keeping things from  you. 'Getting in the way when you  try t'do your job. That's why you  never told 'em your suspicions about  me. Right? If you had I'd be dead now. You've been following your gut all  along. Please don't stop now? What's going on here? Who're these guys? Where is he? We're too late. Take a look. What's in here worth taking, anyway? He must be out there still -- Forget about it. His car's not in  the lot, he's gone! Hey! Maybe another time. Fellas, I'm gonna have to ask you to  leave here now. Wait a second. I'm the one who found  out he was mucking around in here in  the first place. We're all grateful for that. Really.  Go out the way you came in? Meet me at the other location. They know, I had no choice. Get out  of the house now! Do you have a  laptop? Bring it to the other location. Yeah, alright. He's off campus, he's taken some  surveillance data with him. She's bringing her laptop, it's wired.  Second she boots up, we're on 'em. Brian here? Brian Bissel? Nothing. They haven't booted-up yet. This is the biggest Beta demo in  like the history of software. You'd  be my partner. You can't pre-empt Yoga, that's our  biggest show. Brian! You wanna be a big deal, don't  you? That's your dream in life. Will I get to work for Outpost? No. But you can write your own ticket  in the Valley after this. We're gonna  bring down Outpost. What? What'd they ever do for you? Okay. Great. Great! We need to drag a lot  of heavy stuff in front of the door -- What?! Wanna be a part of history? Well -- would you like to pick up an  extra -- 232 dollars? Nothing yet, Gary... We've got a fix on 'em. 218 North Jericho Road. Public access TV station. KNQR. He's taken it to the public access  station. That's what he was doing in here. Gary? Help me change the Skywire settings.  Add five degrees to each satellite  coordinate. Gary, don't worry, we -- Just do what I'm asking! You're interfaced with our dish. Gimme the coordinates? 19 seconds South. Altitude 431 Miles. Is it your software? Is it your dish? Let's try #2. Okay, #2. Longitude 48 degrees 06 minutes -- Milo? We're there. Damn! Yes! Should you reboot? ...He knows. He's been altering the coordinates  since we logged on. He's a step ahead.  Let's jump to #12. Ready for number three? Let's go. Longitude 109 -- Wait... He knows. What? 'Knows I'm altering the coordinates.  Let's jump to #12. Gary? Just do it. Step aside. We won't hurt you. Wait a second. He knows I know. What?! He's working backwards, too. Let's do number five? Open the door, Milo! You there yet? One more second. Hey, hey, relax, relax! Should I call Phil? Or do you? Milo? Wake up. Our regular programming  will not be preempted tonight. Wait. ...When did you know? You should've called a few times to  bug me about your job prospects. If Milo didn't launch Skywire, who  did? Now what are we doing? I don't get  any of this shit! I launched Skywire. Just pray the  last set of coordinates Milo sent me  connected us to Gary's satellite. 'Last thing you wanna do is hurt us  now. Right? Who's seeing this? Who isn't? 'Guess we should wake the Attorney  General. The "murder" stuff is all innuendo:  bad PR, legally null. 'Could probably  be spun as Urban Legend. There is a  case for corporate espionage, but if  you cop a plea, you'll get a slap -- Cop a plea? I'm confused, Ted. You  think I knew about this? I'm running the company, fighting  the DOJ, raising a family. Randy and  Phil obviously overreacted. To this  endless, antitrust witchhunt. The government's gonna offer 'em a  helluva deal to tie you into this.  Whether you knew about it or not. Randy, Phil and whoever else knew  about it. That won't be a problem. As for PR, Skywire'll take care of  all that. The world's seen it now. They know  it's gonna dominate the convergence  market even beyond how Outpost '98  dominates the desktop. Go after us, you give foreign  competitors a shot at the platform  that'll hold sway for 30 years: you  threaten not just our chip and PC  partners like when you came after  the browser. You threaten TV networks, phone  companies, catalog outlets, publishing  houses, movie studios, travel agents,  airlines, stock brokerages -- you  sabotage the whole economy. Talk  about undermining innovation! Easy to spin, old as the hills: What's  good for Outpost is good for America. Come on, Bob. Load in the other disk. "I had no knowledge of these  activities, but I have to ask myself  if the competitive environment I  encouraged in some small way  contributed --" Gary? The Board ousted Gary Boyd as  Chairman, they're assisting the DOJ  in the breakup of Outpost into  divisions. That's gotta kill him, right? Outpost was his baby, sure. On the  other hand, we just learned Gary  Boyd owns the Skywire satellites.  Personally. Outpost doesn't own em. Conglomerates're lined up to finance  the launch of the remaining  satellites. They'll pay him a huge  premium to get on-line. That'd change with a criminal  indictment. There's no hard evidence he knew  about this. Anybody who could  implicate him seems to've vanished. Isn't there a stigma? Bankrolling  this guy? Stigma? Larry! 60 billion buys you  some slack in this world. And the kid who wrote Skywire --  then gave it away? They're calling  him the digital Robin Hood. Milo. Surprised he's not your guest. We tried! You better believe everybody's trying  to sign him up. Larry, Lisa. Your app kind of blew mine out of  the water. We'll come up with the next big thing. ...You wanna work -- here? Got out of my other commitment. May I? Hey, wait! Not giving everything away. C'mon. Bring your stuff. You guys'll be using Teddy's old  space, is that okay? Cool. 