But I can't -- I just buzzed him in. Actually, I was just checking to see if you were here - your friend Seymour is on his way up. She understands what you're going through and she really wants to help you. She says that job at Computer Station is still available if you want it. Yeah, I heard about that. About what? Pumpkin, are you in there? Well... as you know, Maxine and I have been seeing a lot of each other, and we decided it might be a good idea for all of us if she came back here to live at the end of the Summer, just so we can all get to know each other and to make sure this is what we want. I've got some important news to tell you, but it can wait till later if you're not feeling... Pumpkin? What's wrong? Well, Maxine thinks she can get you a sales job at Computer Station. Normally you have to have references and at least two years of experience, but she thinks she can convince them. Are you still looking for a job? I have some good news for you, Pumpkin. I made spaghetti. Do you want some? Yup. Maxine. Give up? Someone from the past. Guess. Did I tell you who I ran into at the bagel place? Well, I think it's good to keep all your options open. You can always enroll for the winter quarter. You could even live here and go to the city college part time, and still get a job if you wanted to. It's tough to find a good job without any kind of training. Not if I don't find that goddamn spatula. Have you seen my blue spatula?Let me tell ya somethin', Joe... Listen to me, Joe... you can't hit a home run without swinging the bat! Seymour? You gotta be kidding me! So what's the story with the two cheerleaders over here?Don't mind me, I'll just be in my room. I'm thinkin' maybe I could let it go... You still interested in that? Him. Seymour. He's the man with the records. Seymour does. Perhaps the "Jam-in-ator" appeals to you. Absolutely no practice necessary. You shread like a giant. Just press a button. Umm... That's not officially for sale... I might have to hang onto that for the time being. A mongoose... they eat snakes... you never heard of a mongoose? That's a classic piece of vintage taxidermy. Nobody alive today knows how to do work like that. Right. Don't worry about it. He's not gettin' any and neither are you. They're Seymour's. No problem. Maybe she's got another boyfriend. Maybe she was just using you to try and get back at some guy. Who knows? It could be a million things. It's wasted time trying to logically figure out the female brain, that's for sure. Still torturing yourself over that Enid, huh? Well, here's where the fun never stops!Hey, where are you going? Tsk! You Jews are so clever with money... You never paid me for that tape with the Indian dance routine. Fine, and how are you? Well, if it isn't Enid and Rebecca, the little Jewish girl and her Aryan friend.Get a job! I'm so sorry if you were offended! Oh, how "punk." Yeah yeah yeah. Do you have my money? If you really want to "fuck up the system" - you should go to business school -- that's what I'm gonna do: get a job at some big corporation and fuck things up from the inside! Punk rock is over! Didn't they tell you?Are you ready to go? Hi Enid. Okay... I promise. Why not? Do you want to go get breakfast somewhere? How long have you been up? Oh, hi... You must have known all along how I -- you know -- how I felt about you -- it must be totally obvious... God... I always used to dream about this... Yeah, well -- You make me nervous! I always feel like you're going out of your way to make me feel uncomfortable so you can laugh at me! When did I say I hated you? Nothing. Yeah, right... What do you mean "why"? Do you want something to drink? Are you the one who left that note? Hi... what's up? Yeah, well... hi... Hi. You need counseling. No. Forget it. Jesus, look at this guy. In answer to your question, I suppose I endorse policies that are opposed to stupidity and violence and cruelty in any form... Yeah, right. So, where's "Weird Al"? Aren't there a million places like this? Why do you even need a ride? You could walk there in two minutes. No. Who, Doug? He spends more time here than I do... Look, can we talk in a minute? I'm almost done. Look, I'll be done in a minute. Just wait outside. Look, I already told you I'm not going to give you a ride. Yeah. I agree. He has every reason to freak out -- this is a totally fucked-up thing to do to somebody! Forget it, there's no way... find some other poor sucker to abuse.You don't know what you're talking about. Yes. Norman.It's not optional! Well lose it! And why aren't you pushing the large sizes? Didn't you get training about upsizing? What the hell is wrong with you?! Look, we don't pay you to be a movie critic -- just do your job. Look, that's the policy... if you want to make up your own rules you can open your own theater... What are you doing? You don't ever criticize the feature! I'm gonna let you handle the four thirty crowd by yourself - that way I can evaluate your performance while it's slow and ease you into the bigger crowds.Enid and I were just friends. You know... we feel comfortable around each other... she really likes my old records and... I-I honestly never intended for this to happen... It's just that I feel like it's maybe not a good idea for us to keep going out. I uh... I feel that I need to uh -- there's something I feel I have to say... I uh, I've never said this to anyone before -- believe me, I've stayed in horrible relationships for years just so I wouldn't have to do this, but I uh... Oh -- please - don't let me interrupt finish your phone call. Dana! Hi! Uh, Dana... this is Enid... Uh, no. I missed that one. But what do I know? I like Laurel and Hardy movies. Hey, it's nearly nine already - we're gonna have to leave now if we're going to make that movie. No, really I -- Uh, well, that's okay - I don't dance, heh, heh... Yeah ... where is this? Bosnia? That was great - jeez, thanks again for cooking all this. I really want to talk to you. I've been thinking about what you said about moving in here... But, I... You must know I always... did you really mean all that about moving in with me? I-I never expected anything like this to happen... I will if you want to. ...Do you really want us to drive away somewhere? I-I-I... What do you want? I dunno, I... So where would we go? I don't think I'm in any condition to drive. Sounds like a healthy way to deal with your problems. I guess I probably used to when I was your age. What? Yeah, well I like you too... What about Joe? Yeah, sure. Of course. I mean... of course I... why wouldn't I want to go out with you? You're a beautiful young girl... I can't imagine you would ever have had any interest in me, except as an amusingly cranky eccentric curiosity. I hate sports. I'm just being realistic. If you expect the worst, you're never disappointed. God, she's going to kill me... this bottle is half-empty! Dana bought it when we went antique shopping. She said it didn't go with her stuff, so she gave it to me... she thought it fit in better with my "old time thingamajigs." I could never move - I've got too much stuff. That's Dana's - I'm supposed to be saving it for our two-month anniversary. You better not -- Uh... I think there's some root beer... What's the matter? Uh... sure... come in. What's up? What are you doing here? ...What do you mean? I don't know... I'm sorry, but Dana's a very jealous person. I just don't want to screw that up right now... I'm sure she'll dump me soon and we can go back to being friends... In what way do you mean? No, of course not. I... I don't think so. Just someone so young... No, no... not exactly... she just doesn't understand how I would know somebody like you... No, of course I do... It's just that right now I need to -- Well, you know... what do I know about clothes... I've never been the most fashionable guy -- it's nice to have someone do all the work for me... Oh, uh... they were a present from Dana. It's just that, well, you know, Dana just got out of a really bad relationship and I don't want to give her the wrong idea... you know... I... I wish I could, Enid, but I really can't right now... I -- it's just that I -- ...I better not... I... I don't know. I don't really think I should... ...so... is he your boyfriend now? I-I'm sorry... uh so... uh... how -- No... no, it's just that I should get going in a few minutes, and -- We really should get together sometime soon... I-I'll definitely call you this week -- Sort of... she doesn't dislike any of that stuff... she's trying, anyway... actually, we're supposed to go antique shopping for her apartment this afternoon... Oh... pretty well, surprisingly... you know... I know, I'm sorry... I-I've been really busy... Really? YAAA! Jesus, Enid... I'll talk to you later... bye! Yeah, so I better go -- it's not really the best time to talk... Actually, it's kind of still happening... she's over here right now... I think everything's going pretty well... Oh, hi... Uh... hello? How can you be so sure? Uh yeah. A long time ago... she called before once... it's just somebody trying to humiliate me. It's just somebody's idea of a joke... Let the machine get it. I have no desire to talk to anyone who would be calling me... Who knows? I won't even dignify that with a response. Why? Oh yeah? Then again, that's easy for me to say, since I'll never even get a date. I'm sure you have hundreds of guys who are interested in you. I'm starting to think that even if I did get a girlfriend it really wouldn't change anything. Really? That's the spirit! Maybe now you understand why I can't get a date. Oh... uh... It's just this elastic thing I have to wear for lumbar support... It's just my stupid back. I'll be all right in a minute... Arrrghhh! Ah Jeez... Christ... Oh... uh, thanks a lot Enid... I really appreciate it... I dunno... they're very sensitive at work about all this stuff. Maybe it would be better if you -- What? Why? No, in a lot of ways things are better now... I dunno... it's complicated. Everybody still hates each other, but they know how to hide it better, or something... I make enough money to eat and buy old records... what more do I want? Hey, I get good benefits, a good early retirement plan, nobody ever bothers me... Nothing so glamorous... actually, I'm an assistant manager at their corporate headquarters. For nineteen years... Actually, I was a whole lot more interested in the Cook's phenomenon when I was about your age. I've kind of lost interest since I've been working for them... Yeah, well "Cook's" is just a made up name. When they originally opened back in 1922 they were named "The Coon Chicken Inn" -- that's an early painting of their first logo. Yeah, right, I'm a klansman - thanks a lot!... Do you know the Cook's Chicken franchise? What?... Oh that... I borrowed that from work about fifteen years ago... I guess it's mine now. If you don't mind my asking -- why do you care so much if I get a date or not? "Yet." I'm not sure I have anything to drink... there might be some -- Hooray for me. But it's not totally hopeless for you... I've had it. I don't even have the energy to try anymore. You should make sure you do the exact opposite of everything I do so you don't end up like me... Yeah, well it's simple for everybody else - give 'em a Big Mac and a pair of Nikes and they're happy! I just can't relate to 99.9% of humanity. Look, I really appreciate your help, Enid, but let's face it, this is hopeless. Now I remember why I haven't gone anywhere in months. I'm not even in the same universe as those creatures back there. I might as well be from another planet. Jesus... What did you tell that girl? Wait a minute! Hang on! Jesus, I gotta think of something to talk to her about. No! No... Yes, that would certainly do... What are we, in slow motion here?! What are ya, hypnotized? Have some more kids, why don't you?... For Christ's sake, would you move!? I'm not holding my breath in that department. I brought it for him to autograph. He's going to be amazed to see it - it's one of two known copies... I can't believe they have him for the opening act and not the headliner. What an insult! That thing is just so shrill and piercing and loud - it's like someone jabbing me in the face! KFTO comin' atchya on this beautiful evening... Uh, I don't have much money with me right now. These are older women just dressed up to look young... I think. Shh! I really don't think it's a good idea. I don't think so... I - I'd really rather not... Yeah, sure... very funny.... Well are -- So is that your boyfriend? Well, let's see... I guess I'd have to put Traditional Jazz, Blues, and Ragtime music at the top of the list, then probably... Maybe I don't want to meet someone who shares my interests. I hate my interests! Where can I go to meet the exact opposite of myself? I mean as long as she's not a complete imbecile and she's even remotely attractive... I'm just not one of those guys who has a "type"... Jesus! I really didn't get a good look at her. I don't know, what kind of question is that? I mean it's totally irrelevant because a girl like that would never be caught dead with me... Jesus! That's very nice of you Enid but I - I really -- I appreciate the offer but you really don't -- Yeah, well... Good luck... Oh, right... Yeah right... If I'm so cool, why haven't I had a girlfriend in four years? I can't even remember the last time a girl talked to me. You think it's healthy to obsessively collect things? You can't connect with other people so you fill your life with stuff... I'm just like all the rest of these pathetic collector losers. Please... go ahead and kill me! This stuff doesn't make you happy, believe me. I have about fifteen hundred 78s at this point. I've tried to pare down my collection to the essential... Yeah, well sure... you can if you want to... it's just I don't want all these guys in there at once... you know... Oh God no. This is just junk I have for sale or trade. The record room is off-limits. I... I didn't think you would have any interest in this get together... I mean if you had told me you were coming I would have warned you -- it's not like a real party or anything. NO!!! Watch my stuff. Do you want to see it? I can run upstairs and get it... The Skip James record? Yeah, that's a masterpiece. There are no other records like that! I actually have the original 78 of it in my collection. It's one of maybe five known copies. So you really liked it? Yeah, there's some really rare performances. You liked that Memphis Minnie, huh? A dollar seventy-five. This track alone by Memphis Minnie is worth about $500 if you have the original 78. She was one of the greatest guitar players that ever lived, and a great singer and songwriter as well. I know the guy who owns the original and lent it for use on this reissue. Nah, it's not so great. Here's the one I'd recommend. Well there's a few choice LPs in here that re-issue some really great old blues stuff. There's some good stuff in here... do you like old music? Those are all 78s... Can you play 78s? I don't have anything after about 1935. I may have one Hindu 78 from the twenties in my collection, but it's not really for sale. I don't really collect "foreign." Indian records? Yeah, well... thanks for cheering me up. Where else am I ever going to find another girl who likes Geeshie Wiley records? She could at least have the decency to call me back. Yeah, I'm really, really happy. Really having a good time. What fake blind date? What are you talking about? What are you talking about? What do you mean? Did she say that? Why did you say she might be hiding from me? Did she say anything to you about me? Really, I don't know enough about it to... I have no idea - I just want to... She just mentioned him a few times and said that they had been dating - I thought maybe she was... I don't know. Maybe she's with Josh? Why would she be hiding from me? Uh, do you mind if I wait? I really need to talk to her. No... they said she was here... Uh... hi. Uh... Enid's stepmother told me I'd find her here? Yes? Thank you, doctor. It doesn't pay very much, but I should be able to afford my own place in a few months... Do you think that's too soon? I'm really anxious to get my record collection out of storage... Well, mostly archival research, cataloguing old records and writing liner notes for their CD reissues. It's really... I can't believe it. I have to admit, things have really started looking up for me since my life turned to shit.Do you have a check for me? Seymour? Don't thank me. You're doing all the work. Why don't we start with that next week? Remember what I said when we first started -- this little breakdown might turn out to be the best thing that ever happened to you! So tell me more about this job. What exactly will you be doing?Well I'm going to major in Business Administration and, I think, minor in Communications. Really? Both of you?... Why not? Oh, hey Enid... So... we finally made it!