You think you're so...but you're just... Stop it, stop it, you satanic whore! That doesn't make me feel better! Why are you being like this? But, but that was before we started sharing stuff. Before I told you how I cried when Peepers died. I never told anyone that before. Why are you being so grouchy--This is an important night for us... It's funny, when I first met you I thought you were such a weirdo...I still think you're a nut, but you're my nut. Why are you...don't stop...why? About three days. I'm a monster. He's a monster. Actually, we're both just guys. I don't expect you to understand that I... I can be a good pig. Babe. Charlotte's Web. Good pig. Watch.I'll bet you're glad I waited until the last day to have this conversation. Did you wait until you were 18? You mean you didn't have any gay thoughts when you were my age... I'm gay. Like you didn't know.That's good. I wouldn't have wanted to embarrass myself. Was there a night that I got really drunk and declared that I never loved anyone as much as I loved you? I just wanted to know if you've seen this. Yeah, his lack of intelligence. Sorry, Wendy, but as learning disabilities go, stupidity is often overlooked. Say Hi for me. Uh, yeah, that's...wow. You are the prince of the darkness. I was pretty confident that I was going to blow it with Talia, but I must say, I outdid myself. It is? I don't know about this, Wichita. Am I even right for Talia? What About Wendy? I mean, you and Wendy--how are you and Wendy... WICHITA Complicated. Extremely. Wichita and Donald drift closer toward the head-setted Wendy, who stands to the side of the searchers like a commandant. WENDY Now remember, people, let's keep away from the mountain. Repeat... There you are. Could you possibly do one thing and help keep the campers away from.... WICHITA Hey everybody, we're climbing the mountain! Do you realize if the women of America would have just heard what you said... I'm not really a--Does it count if... Call me conservative, but I'd rub my penis on the faces of all the ladies before bestowing the final honors to the divine Ms. Berry's lovely visage.Of course you are. You don't know what I was like before I met you. You're like the best counselor ever. There you are! Man, I don't know how to thank... Sure, Wichita. Whatever you say... Oh thanks, it was nothing... Man, it's not like I don't know about women. I had this babysitter...You have no idea. Now run away. Well, uh...Promise me you won't do anything until you're 18. Andrew. You're not gay; you're ten. You shouldn't even be having thoughts like... Thanks a lot. Seriously though, by winning this bet, you will prove to the world that you indeed know everything. Isn't the rush of gambling on your cynical philosophy of life enough? Stop, stop...I'm willing to put my mouth where my mouth is...I throw one overhand pass and Todd catches it-- dramatic pause--You let me go down on you... You're a little harsh on Todd. You're a little harsh on everybody. I know you like to think of yourself as the Anti-Oberon, but man, you're getting just as spooky. What was that speech in there? Does Camp really have to be a revolutionary act? Can't the children, at their own pace, discover...Yeah, okay, I was a little out of hand, but come on, you got to give me Todd. Don't get me wrong, I've learned to love the little Piggy, but Todd is the most invincible loser I've ever come across. His greatest talent is lack thereof. No matter what the category, bet against him and win. Goodnight. Wichita--you're everybody's type. But seriously, don't worry about it. I get my occasional crushes. I guess it was too much to ask that it would somebody older...and maler. Like you. Not so secret anymore. Don't look all at once...behind the pine...Dorothy from Cabin Seven. No, they're not from Wendy. You are to be executed at Dawn anyway. Might as well commit the crime. Go to her, Wichita... Sorry about all that...I'm your CIT-- Jasper.That's it, Adam, pretend it's one of those arcade things, the tighter you squeeze, the more of a man you are...Ooh, that's it. Don't raise your voice at--I gave you the ultimate male fantasy--sex, nothing on the side. Don't pretend we shared anything other than fluids. And this Peepers was your...dog? If it makes you feel better, I probably wasn't paying attention. Adam. Dollface. We had a physical relationship that served a purpose and now... Yeah...Are we going to do it or what? I still haven't packed. "Why?" If I asked questions like that, I'd never make love-"love"-- Damn you, Damn this, damnit! No really, keep talking, I ree-ally want to hear what you have to say, you're just so eloquent... Sadist! I can't believe I thought you could change--This is your idea of discipline? You're a monster. That kid is going to be traumatized for... Believe me, I wish I knew less. Oh, if you weren't such a pig... They're the easiest to shoplift, okay? No woman should have to pay for something forced-on-her-without- choice by Nature...what's the matter, Hayley? Don't forget, when you get home, O.B.'s. They're created by a female gynecologist. "or you're going to get it?" Wow, first week of camp. Promise me you won't try moving so fast with Wichita. Get him alone for the summer. Out in the wilderness. Underneath the stars... That wants to be a Yes. You and Wichita go to school together, right? Have you two ever... It's just funny...who needs a serial psycho in the woods with a chainsaw when we have ourselves. One day they'll find a cure for AIDS. They'll never find one for sex. It's kind of funny, most movies and stories with a bunch of camp counselors has some serial psycho in the woods with a chainsaw who systematically butchers everybody one by one. ...sorry... Clever observation. Go back to Wichita. Oh that's right, you can't. Exactly. When we get into the clearing, I'll turn on my sexy moves. Wichita will go for it or he'll shoot me down. Either way, you come away with knowledge. You'll be hiding behind a tree. Uh-huh. You remind me of me when I was...I guess I was never like you. So cute. So questioning. I didn't realize I had to declare a major. When did pretending to be bored become a sign of superiority? Are you mad at me for giving the cabin new haircuts or are you just still miserably pining for Wichita's lightning rod? Nothing. Wendy, don't be afraid to get a little stupid and contagious. The kids don't understand that this is our summer, too. We shouldn't have to put our lives on hold to be their butlers.I couldn't tell her...it's, it's too major...Jesus, I'm starting to believe in God and what's worse I think I like the guy. The lightning bolt was just a test, right? Wendy and I--we're meant to be. I'm right, right? I have to see her... I'm in the picture on Wendy's wall. Niagara Falls. Family trip. Little Wendy foreground. Me background. What are the odds on that one? She's still pissed at me and took it out on you. We should have taken it slower. It's hard to operate in the woods. Much easier in, like a club. Tell the girl you've got to go do something, leave her view, take way too long until she is worried that you're not coming back. Just as she starts feeling awful, you come up from behind and touch her neck... Howdy Pouty. Make it seem you have this comfortable, mysterious life and you don't give a shit whether she's a part of it. Oh, and bring up India, Talia has this obsession... Whoa, Donald, play hard to get, not hard to want...Let Talia know that your goofy act is just something you do for the kids.... They wouldn't be a bit surprised.. Yowza--Only a virgin could answer that fast. Pamela Anderson, Kate Moss, Halle Berry, and Fiona Apple, all naked in one room. You can do anything you want to them, except one of them has full-blown Aids, and you don't know who. And you're not allowed to use a condom. Eric...You can't be like me. You have to be better. I'm not the guy you think I am... You know, I think I left something by the lake. Could you check it out-- You'll know it when you see it... That really sucked, Eric, what you did, asking him that... Eavesdropping, eh? Hear anything good? Hello?! What's in it for me? Goodnight, Jasper. Hey, it's not a crush anymore if you actually say it to the person you supposedly have the... Thought I'd get points for a post-modern approach to coming on to you. Hey, I thought I wasn't your type. Your Secret admirer? You're all making me blush... When all else fails, Jasper--Gum. Even now in these troubled times, every child's drug of choice. Go stand by the flagpole. I just never thought of you in that... Talia, you're a wonderful person... Talia, you know how important our friendship is to me and I would never do anything to... Ooh look, time to confiscate my first water balloon... Shut the fuck--! Stop! Stop it, this afternoon was not what you thought...I overheard you and Pixel, at the side of the mess hall, your idea about the "test"...Do you believe me? What do you want me to say? Not now, Wendy. She got a little poison oak and started screaming for assisted suicide. Do you really think I care? Excuse me, Counselor Wendy, I need assistance in finding that important...thingie in the storage room. It's been known to happen. I should leave. You probably need your rest. I know what you mean. But it doesn't put me in too great a position... I was thinking...if we could mesh my way of thinking with your way of thinking, we could really do some great counseling. It's all about the evolution of the species, we can improve... Todd was out there blocking the entrance. You would have been proud of me...My suit of armor is starting to come off. Not all of it, but enough to walk around... When were you in Niagara Falls? "Iunno." I'm really beginning to hate that word of yours. I'm sorry for sounding hostile, but I'm not sorry for... So this is it, anybody you don't agree about everything with can't be your friend... Talking while kissing. It's okay, there's a lot of things I don't believe in... You know, this reminds me of the time we were talking about something and then just started kissing... We have more in common than you think, Wendy dear. I loved summer camp when I was young and I love it now. It's important. Between school, family, friends, pot, playstations, basic cable, and the goddamn Internet, it's possible to go your whole life without listening to your soul. Out here, in nature, away from the shit, surrounded by reminders of who I once was...I get recharged. Now who's the dork? I think your passion is terrific. Talia's a rock. She'll be fine... Yes you do. Yeah, we talked about sex, too. Oberon must be sweating in his sleep. Hey--that coffee? You're a goddess. Gimme, gimme...So what you gals talk about? That's not what I was worried about. What in the hell did you do that for? What are you doing, Wendy? What's in that cup? No. Fuck no. If you met yourself as a child, would you hug her and say everything's going to be okay... I'm just thinking I'm glad I broke up with everyone I ever went out with. The swelling is gonna go down, right? God, you're beautiful. Next to "boring," "Sucks" is the most painfully overused word in the current English language. I thought if I could reverse the meaning of "sucks" so it means something positive, I don't know...It would be vaguely revolutionary. It's kind of my social experiment for the summer. "Suck" is historically a nice word-- sno-cones, your mother's...