Lyle? I've got the orbital data and SV  clock corrections for each satellite  that gets the signal. That'll make  my reading as solid as the Precise  Positioning Service that only the  D.O.D. can use. We're talkin' 100  meter horizontal accuracy, 156 meter  vertical accuracy, .340 nanoseconds  time accuracy. Why can't he talk like a person? ...Because he's not. I do need one more thing, Charlie. What's that? Someone to turn the goddamn homing  device on. No signal, no score. Where're the Italians? Patience. What's that shit? You wanna read something. Read between  the lines. Lemme see that book. Hi, sweetie. I'm sending you something. No. But it's sparkly. I'm having it sent to you from the  store. Be a long trip. I'm in Genoa. Something like that. I think I've paid my P.O. my last  visit. I liked the guy, but we never  really connected. After this, I swear to you, I am. Everything's going to be fine. I've  got to go now. I love you. Bye. Italians? Not yet. Don't worry, they'll come through.  You can trust these guys. I trust everyone. It's the devil  inside them that I don't trust. Got a sec? My office. How you feeling, boss? Fine. I'm fine, fine. You know what fine, stands for, don't  you? Fucked-up, Insecure, Neurotic,  and Emotional. You've become quite the philosopher  since you quit drinking. You don't like me sober? No, I'm glad. Makes you a better  thief. For after the haul. Hope I get to fire it up. If Steve's  Italians are a no-show, it's three  months prep down the shitter and  I've dragged you out of retirement  for nothing. This is kinda nice. You being the  boss with all the worries, me just  along for the ride. Ain't you sweet... Charlie! Your Italians. Yup. Dixie cups. Dixie cups? I toss 'em away if there's a problem  down the road. For those about to rock, we salute  you. Yeah. Let's get rich. Can you chill out back there? You'd  make a hummingbird nervous. Copy that. Enjoy the ride, cowboy. Get ready. 3. 2. 1. Drop. Sweet Jesus. "That for which all virtue is sold.  And almost every vice -- gold." My name is John and I'm a very rich  alcoholic. And I'm going to live my  life one very rich day at a time. Alright, John! You planned this one down to a t,  kid. It's a gift. You saw the big  picture, made contingencies, covered  the angles... Shit, you made thirty million dollars  in gold drop out of sight without  holding a gun. Who else could've  pulled that off? You could've. I had big shoes to  fill. Fill the shoes but don't follow the  footprints. What're you talking about? You've  lived the life. My life's been nothing but fake IDs,  fake business cards and divorce  papers. This is the only thing that's  real. Stella's a beautiful girl. She's amazing. And I spent half her  childhood in prison. This is a once  in a lifetime haul, Charlie. Bring  down the curtain after this one.  Make a new life. Find someone amazing  and be there for her. Shit. Anyone acts stupid and his brains go  on the windshield. What the hell do you think you're  doing? Sorry Charlie. But I want the box of  Cracker Jack all to myself. You're not thinking this through.  It's a stupid move. Think so? Well you're the brilliant  one. The Master Planner. Isn't that  so, John? You bet on the wrong horse. We'll hunt you down. You're gonna  regret this. No regrets, Dixie cup. If you would have told me that I  would spend the next three years  searching for Steve Bandell, I would  have said that was nothing. Cause I  would have spent a lifetime looking  for that bastard if I had to. You always work in the dark? Damn. Chris Perley couldn't crack  it. Neither could Michael Hoyt. You're expensive, Stella. Those guys  cut us a break on subpoena jobs.  Goodwill, community service... Don't you want to see what's inside? How long? You're the man. 2:00. Home safe in Fairmount Park.  Owner died and the wife never knew  the combination. And Todd Milliken  called. He has a prototype combination  lock he wants you to test out tomorrow  morning. Says he added two false  contact points on the tumbler. And there's a Charlie Croker in your  office. He said you two know each  other. And he looks pretty fine for a white  boy. Hi, Stella. Yeah. You did. I found him. I can tell you where he is. Are you sure? He's in Los Angeles. The gold bricks he stole from us  were minted in Singapore and decorated  with the face of a Balinese girl.  I've had my tentacles out and got a  call from a friend of mine and your  father's, Philly Steak. He got word from an L.A. connection  named Skinny Pete that a gold dealer  has been buying bricks with the  Balinese girl on them, three or four  at a time. I tracked Steve down to an address  in the Hollywood Hills. He's changed  his last name to Frezelli. And get  this: he had a Worthington 1000  installed in the house before he  even moved in. We both know that you  don't install a Worthington 1000  unless you have something precious  to guard. We boosted that gold from a terrorist  group that was about to trade it for  bio-weapons. Now that doesn't exactly  make us Robin Hood, but maybe in our  own little way we were doing a good  deed. Problem is, no one in my crew  can handle that safe. And I need  someone I can trust. What I heard is that you have your  father's touch. And he was the only  safecracker I knew who could open a  Worthington 1000. You're John Bridger's daughter. And  this is our chance to set things  right. No, it won't. How'd it go with the chick? I'm working on it. I don't want her on the crew, Charlie. Gotta have her. Important piece of  the puzzle. There has to be someone else. What  about Bill Huchins? Doing ten long at Levinworth. Red O'Reilly? Chemo. Martin Hernandez? Found Jesus. I don't want a civilian to screw  this up. She has the skill. And the motivation. Exactly. She's emotional. You know  what happens when emotion gets into  it. It's emotional for all of us at this  point. Don't kid yourself. It's all in my patented sideways  glance. Like this... I hit each woman on the jury with  one of these. We make contact. And I  know exactly what they're doing.  Undressing me with their eyes. The case is all but won. That's why  in jury selection I choose as many  women as possible. Except lesbians,  of course. I can tell in sixty seconds  if they're a lesbian. Want to know  how I know? Precisely. Like that waitress right  there. See? She's looking at me right  below my belt. Definitely not a  lesbian. I am fly. And I'm da bomb. Just wait  until later tonight. Oh, man. I'm sorry. You should be. Moron. What the hell's  wrong with you? It was an accident. I'm very sorry. Where's the manager? Richard Worth  is not paying to have his suit  cleaned. Damn. I'm going to... I don't believe this. I think your date's going pretty  well, what do you think? What do you mean? I come here all  the time. Sure. Lawyers, Judges, my kind of  crowd. See that gentleman there, he  sentenced me to 90 days in county  once. We need to talk. Hey, I paid valet parking prices to  get in here, not to mention a twenty  spot to the busboy to spill that  drink on Mister Zipper. Actually, you paid for it. Didn't notice it was me who bumped  into you earlier, did you? Anyway, I  was hoping we could get to know each  other a little better before we leave  for Los Angeles. I already booked  your flight. I have no idea what you just said,  but I like the sound of it. Charlie -- I'm beginning to worry about this  whole relationship. John wasn't just a man I crewed up  with, he was my friend, he was the  closest thing to a father I ever  had. I wish to God I could bring him  back. But all I can do is go after  this guy, the guy that killed him,  and hit him where he lives. Everything alright, Stella? Can I help you with something? Oh, sorry. I was just undressing you  with my eyes. Hello. I see Drive Defensively is your motto. By the way you drive, I'm not  surprised you named your car after a  bottle of whiskey. Left. Another left. The possibilities are endless. We're a little early. I didn't expect  us to get here quite that fast.  There... That's Lyle. Gearhead. He's who really  invented Napster... At least that's how Lyle tells it. Half-Ear. Explosives. He lost fifty  percent of his hearing in the fifth  grade. One M-80 in the toilet bowl too many. That was rad! Handsome Rob. Premier wheel man. He  once drove all the way to L.A. just  so he could set the record for longest  freeway chase. Smashed the mark by twelve minutes. He got a hundred and ten love letters  sent to his jail cell from women who  saw him on TV. I've been a thief since I had baby  teeth. Cough it up, Charlie! You need a dollar? He did. But I got lots more now. This is Stella. She's working with  us on this one. IDs? Melvin Lisp? Could I -- just once --  have a cool name? Try 'Deal A Meal'. I don't even have a cool nickname. Enough of this sewing-circle shit.  Phones. We travel to L.A. separately. You still haven't told us the most  important thing. What exactly is the  job, Charlie? And who exactly is  she? This is Stella Bridger. And we're  finishing the job that we started in  Italy. We need an in to get a video blueprint  of the interior. We're not going  into this place blind. Half-Ear, you  take the first surveillance shift.  Who goes in, who goes out, levels of  security, you know the drill. I also want audio surveillance on  his phone. I'll hack into the phone company's  central office remote observance  monitoring system and fool it into  thinking there's a legal tap on the  line. Reroute the digital copies of  his calls to our own listening post. How long? I'll burn through the night, have it  up and running before morning. We need to know how long to get from  the house to Union Station downtown. No problemo. Stella. How much time will you need  with the safe? It's not the same as opening a safe  for the cops. Your heart will be  pounding in your ears. Perspiration  on your fingertips. It's a whole  different ball game. Advent Home Navigator Hybrid System.  Monitors 132 points for intrusion,  fire, and environmental hazards.  Best way around it is to get a back  door password, trip the alarm during  the heist, then call it in as a false  alarm. 15:25. There he is. He's gained 15  to 20 pounds living off our money.  And Handsome Rob, you're going to be  pissed when you see his wheels. Housekeeper leaves at 17:30. You're right on time. All those poor bastards out there  putting their life savings in banks  and S&Ls and mutual funds. What do  they think -- that when the collapse  comes they can depend on the  government? I don't think so. Is the camera off? Of course. Just like you said. I  never tape you, you can see for  yourself. Governments are nothing more than  puppets on the strings of the  Trilateral Commission with their  twisted gods. I mean, it's so obvious that in a  world where NAFTA can overturn the  Supreme Court, not to mention  Microsoft's nefarious financial  machinations, this, is our only  refuge; gold. Plus a little walking around money. Where's a grenade launcher when you  need one? Doesn't matter what time it is. It's  either bad traffic, peak traffic, or  slit-your-wrists traffic. I'm sure it's ideal for carrying a  ton of gold, genius. What's your guesstimate? If we had all green lights, fourteen  minutes. But in the twenty times  I've done it, the average is thirty- two minutes, with a top time of fifty  minutes. Then we'll travel like Rockefeller. When cars first started catching on,  workers on tall ladders would use  these swiveling colored boards for  traffic signals. Now whenever  Rockefeller would take the drive  from his mansion to his office on  Wall Street, the workers would make  sure that he got green boards all  the way. How do we get all green lights? Lyle? Let me see what I can do. We still need an in to get the video  blueprint. Carpet cleaners? Gutter cleaners?  Flower delivery? We'll never get by the guard unless  they're certain it's legit. I'm  thinking cable TV. We cut his cable,  he calls the cable company. We show  up. Send a cable technician into the  house with a pinhole video camera  while we get a feed through an RF  antenna. Who plays cable technician? Steve  thinks we're all dead. Are you up for it? I'm telling you. He claims he named  it Napster because his hair is so  nappy underneath that cap of his.  But I know the real reason. It's  because I was NAPPING when he stole  the idea from me. I should've been  on the cover of Wired magazine. Would you clam up. You'd give a  woodpecker a headache. I'm the Napster. Okay. You're the Napster. Heads up:  cable chick. Becky. Nice name. I wonder what she  calls the other one. And it's such a mystery why you don't  have a girlfriend. I had a girlfriend. Unfortunately  even though the relationship ceased  in an objective reality, it's still  going on in my mind. That woman's lived in here rent-free  for four years. Okay. All we need now is a work shirt  like this one and a service truck  like that one. You think Stella will  be able to pull it off? I have my doubts, but there's no  talking to Charlie. Maybe he's been inserting his hard  drive into her software. Clouds the  judgment. He knows better than to mix business  with pleasure. Only I'm allowed to do that. Where you going? To get a work shirt and a service  truck. What can I do for you, Mister  Frezelli? The cable's out. See if you can get  someone over here to fix it'. Yes, sir. Whoa. I've never heard the Muzak  version of Purple Haze before. When's the appointment? Thursday between 9 a.m. and 3 p.m. Hello. Yes, I'm calling from Adelphia Cable.  I understand your service is out and  an appointment was set up for  Thursday. Yes. Well we have a technician working in  your area who finished with an  appointment earlier than expected.  Will someone be there for the next  hour? Sure. That'd be great. Our technician will see you then.  Have a nice day. You too. Let's check the camera. Stella, you're going patriotic today. He's got cable lines in the kitchen,  living room, bedroom and a cable  modem on the computer in the office.  Try to get a 360 look at each room.  And walk slowly or the image will  streak. I printed these up to look like  paperwork from Adelphia. When you're  done, ask him to sign and date the  bottom. How you doing? You know what fine, stands for? Fucked- up, Insecure -- Girls girls girls. Y'got a great job. Pays the rent, asshole. You got a  problem, talk to Skinny Pete. Philly Steak sent you? So was I right-on about the gold  bricks or what? What do you need? Nine p.m. Should we hang here? Check out the  dancers? Nothing's going down here. I don't  shit in my own yard, do you? No, but I take a whizz off the deck  sometimes. Five thousand dollars. And don't be  late. It's all right. They won't bother  you now. I'm Steve. Yeah. Course. This way. I'll show you. She turns her body so the mini-lens  can stare at the gleaming black  Worthington 1000 safe. Then she goes  up to his desk and pretends to work  on the cable line that feeds into  his computer. The cable guy who hooked this up  weighed about 300 pounds, didn't  wear any underwear, and his pants  slung a little too low if you know  what I mean. Is it fixed? Now. Perfect. Have we met before? You read my mind. I know what you meant. This might seem a little sudden,  but... would you like to have dinner  with me? Why? Is there some kind of cable- rule against dating customers? Then I guess I'll have to sabotage  my cable over and over again until  you get to know me better. Look, I'm just talking about dinner.  Friday night. It's no big deal. If  you don't like me, you never have to  see me again. You know I'm not going  to stop until you say yes. I know it was tough in there. I know. When Steve leaves Friday  night, we go in. By the time he  realizes you've stood him up, we'll  be long gone with the gold. The guy makes Jabba the Hut look  like a spokesman for the Subway  Sandwiches' diet. I'm trying not to. What'd you put in the trunk? Just gimme the keys before I pop a  cap in your head. Hurry up! Looks like that went without a hitch. Lyle, what's the distance from the  front door to the vault? Lyle? He only answers to The Napster now. I'm not calling you The Napster. You call him Half-Ear. And him, Handsome Rob. That's only cause he is Handsome  Rob. And I'm The Napster. How far? The Napster. Five hundred yards. So here's the riddle. How do we get  over a ton of gold from the vault to  the getaway car? Only six feet. Minis? We'll need three to hold the gold. I'd say you're a Maserati 250 S.  Just 4 cylinders but can go 0 to 60  in 4.2. As long as it's a convertible -- I  always like to have my top down. Do you know them? Never seen 'em before in my life. You're early. And I'm in a hurry, okay? Of course the Florida vote rigging  was a CIA and Mob operation. That a fact? You want facts? Fact: CIA officials  were allowed free -- and illegal --  access to official election material. Now given the sordid history in Miami  of joint ventures between Central  Intelligence and the Mob, which led  to the unsuccessful attempts to kill  Fidel Castro and the successful  assassination of your President John  F. Kennedy, this conjunction raises  numerous red flags. And I'd love to hear more about it,  but like I said... Don't worry, we'll have you out in  no time. The cash is on its way. On its way? My cousin is bringing it over. Your cousin? Yes. Cousin Mashkov. He's on his way? Don't worry, he will be here any  minute. The tape's off? Of course. Believe me, he doesn't  want to be on video, either. Yevhen. Didn't I tell you, many times,  that I never wanted to meet with  anyone but you? I know. But it's his cash. He uses  me to launder money. I'm just a  middleman. And a middleman is supposed to stay  in the middle. But you were early. Please. Don't  worry. It will be fine. My cousin's  a cool guy. Like I am. What you are, is a Dixie cup. Dixie cup? My cousin Yevhen was beaten to death. That's what I'm going to find out. I'll hack off his limbs and bury him  while he's still alive. How are our matchbox cars? Souped. Do I get to drive one? No. Why not? Because you can't navigate your way  out of a parking lot. Here's your  ride. But he ran into me. He's not driving either. You ever got a speeding ticket? You drive. I drive. Charlie drives. I got us spots for three cars on a  car carrier and five first class  seats. Train 59 from Union Station  to New Orleans. What's the word on Rockefeller? The Traffic Control Center is on the  top floor of a building on Olympic  and Grand. They get their data from  pavement loop detectors and video  image vehicle detectors. That info  is fused together by specially  designed algorithms to predict traffic  conditions and control the traffic  lights. So all I have to do now is  change the data by creating my own  algorithm. What can I do to help? I need to hard-wire into the  mainframes. B4 X TTratio, where Bi are Fisher's  linear discriminant function  coefficients, SpdRat is the speed  ratio, and TTratio is the travel  time ratio. I have no idea what you're doing.  Just do it fast. We own this place. $2000. And this is the new girl.  Fresh off the bus. One of Danya's  guys picked her up hitchhiking  downtown. Those tits'd make Dracula rise from  his coffin at high-noon. They're all yours Saturday. You can  do whatever you want to her. Her  name is Karen... You're too generous. I needed a fast answer. And I'm the Shell Answer Man. A guy  who works the counter at your cousin's  shop told me that someone named Skinny  Pete had been asking around about  gold bricks with the face of a  Balinese girl on them. Same gold  bricks your cousin was buying. You talked to this Skinny Pete? I thought you'd want a shot at him  first. Yeah. Are you making this shit up? Charlie. Yeah? Steve called to confirm a 7:30  reservation at Ago's. And as for  your getaway, not even Rockefeller  had it so good. Radio check. Got cha, boss. Check. For those about to rock, we salute  you. This is it, guys. Moment of truth. Are you hear for the Baxter party,  sir? Shit. Stella? You'll have to fake it. Laugh at his  jokes. You need him to ask you out  again. So here's what I have lined up for  after dinner. We'll go to Club Deep.  The Ferrari always gets me to the  front of the line. We'll do a little  dancing... Why the curfew? I understand. You have nothing to  worry about. You can trust me. That's an interesting saying. There's only person I've ever heard  say that. Used to say it all the  time. A man named John Bridger. Where did  you pick up that phrase? John Bridger was a thief. And he had  a daughter. About your age. He told  me that she took over a safe and  lock company that he used as a front. No wonder I liked you right away.  Just like I liked your old man, right  up until the moment I shot him in  the head. Now tell me who you're  working with and tell me the plan.  Do it now or we'll go for a ride and  I'll break every bone in your body. Something wrong, Steve? You look  like you want to call Ghostbusters. Fine by me. But it's you that has  the problem. How do you figure? You've just blown the one thing you  had going in your favor, the element  of surprise. And I was surprised. Jesus Christ when I saw all you guys  come out of the woodwork. For a minute  I thought maybe you were ghosts. But  you're screwed now. Did you figure out how to take care  of my security guard? I'll hire five  more. You know how to bypass my alarm  system? I'll have a new one installed  tomorrow. Does it tear you up inside seeing  what car I drive? I'll buy a matching  one in red. You think you can crack my safe?  You'll end up the same way as your  dad. Looks like Good Time Charlie's got  the blues. You can wear that shit-eating grin  on your face, but I know under that  Versace shirt you're in a cold sweat.  And you're not going to sleep a minute  tonight. Cause you thought you'd  gotten away with it free and clear.  You thought you'd gotten rid of us.  You're the one who's screwed. Right  to the wall. Give it your best shot. I'll outsmart  you every step of the way. And this  time, I'll bury you myself. Get more guards. Change the alarm.  Buy a dozen Ferraris. We'll still be  here. Sleep tight. Do you know who I am? You work for Danya. Yes. And you are gonna be straight  with me and everything's gonna be  okay. You fuck with me, I will be  ruthless. I understand. I don't want you to understand. I  want you to overstand. Overstand... Okay. Because if you don't overstand, I  will use this. Someone was asking about gold bars  with a Balinese girl's face on them.  I want the name of this man. Well we scared him alright. He's  flying the coop. His security guard  called Brink's Armored Car Service  to confirm a 5 p.m. pick up at his  house, then JetClub to confirm a  MD11 cargo plane departing from the  Imperial Terminal at LAX at 8 p.m. Confirmed? How'd we miss the first  calls? They must have been cellular. The  cargo plane is being chartered to  Mexico City. Only place with worse smog and traffic  than L.A. Not so fast. This is good news for  us. Good news? Sometimes when you're up to your ass  in alligators you forget that you  started off trying to drain the swamp. Meaning what the fuck? We've been trying to get to the gold  in the safe. Now the safe is coming  to us. We'll boost it in transit. Charlie. He could take a dozen  different routes to the airport and  we have no idea which one. We can't  take out an armored truck during  rush hour. We're already set to do it. Napster:  how would you like to create the  biggest traffic jam in the history  of Los Angeles? Keep talking. You gridlock every route except the  one we choose. Force the truck to go  exactly where we want it to go. But where do we want it? We can't  shoot it out with armed guards in a  Brink's. We'd lose. And even if we  pulled it off, the cops would be all  over us, chasing us all the way to  Union Station. We're outmanned and  outgunned. But not outsmarted. We'll do it like the Italian job.  We'll make thirty million in gold  drop out of sight. Who else has this number? Hello? Why'd you do it? Philly Steak. Do what? Yevhen. The Ukrainian gold, dealer.  You didn't, have to clip him, for  Christ's sakes. Clip him? Listen to me. You've gotta get out  of L.A. Now. What're you talking about? We didn't  clip anybody. Well Skinny Pete just called me.  Yevhen's cousin is under the distinct  impression that you did. Why does he think that? Because you wanted, to know about  the gold with the Balinese Girl.  Plus I guess Pete was under duress.  This Ukrainian thinks he's Paul  Fucking Bunyan. Do you know how to get in touch with  him? Yeah but... Maybe there's a way we can play this  to our advantage. Are you out of your mind? Listen to  me, Charlie. Get out of L.A. Now.  Cause if there's one thing I know,  it's that you never mess with Mother  Nature, mother-in-laws, or mother- fucking Ukrainians. He's going to be on Train 59 for New  Orleans. I'm sure. Still hope for that Nobel Prize. No shit. I thought you dropped out  of high school. How'd you manage that, all the jobs  we've been pulling? Good for you. That's a real feather  in your cap. Secret's safe with me. Napster. How goes it up there? Over. Working on the Metro Rail system.  Almost ready. Everything's quiet here. Over. You okay? Now? Take all the time you need. Problemo. What is it? He's brought in three identical  armored trucks. Shit. Decoys. It's like a shell game  on wheels. How can I reroute the truck if I  don't know which truck to reroute? Three Brink's trucks are leaving  with motorcycle escorts, plus Steve  in his Ferrari. How're we going to figure out which  truck has the gold? You can monitor the traffic video  cameras from your laptop, right? Yeah. Where's the first camera the trucks  will go past? Cahuenga Boulevard. They all have to  cross that. The weight of the gold will lower  the suspension on the truck. Lines up with the top of the sign.  Next... First two are the same. That's our truck! License plate Gridlock time. What the hell? Opening up a space on North Highland. Get us out of here. I'm trying. He's taking it... I now command you to turn left. I've got it on Hollywood Boulevard.  Time to slow down. Sonovabitch. Gentlemen, start your engines. Give us the flag when you're ready. Shutting down the rail as we speak. Tunnel's clear. Go! Coming into position... Five... Four... Three... Two... One... Do it. Nice work. Let's get our gold. The truck's in the Metro Rail. Where  does the Blue Line go back above  ground? It comes out at Flower & Pico. Stella? Yeah. Don't you want to see what's inside? Trust me. You wanna look. Split up! If you don't like how I'm driving,  get off the damn sidewalk. What's wrong with you, you stupid- ass, son of a bitch, dickhead... What? You want a piece of me? C'mon,  dumbshit. Bring it on. I'll be pulling  peanuts out of your asshole -- Shit! Shit! You shot me in the foot! Where are you going? How about far, far away? Going up? I want to make a toast. Cause there's  somebody missing here today, and we  all know who it is. To John Bridger. The most brilliant  master planner of them all. We wish  he was with us. To John. Take out your gun and drop it on the  floor. Who are you? You knew my cousin. Yevhen. I never knew anyone named Yevhen. Get in the trunk. Not that trunk,  this one. That gold is for us. A  gift from some old friends of yours.  They said to tell you that they didn't  mind sharing the box of Cracker Jack,  as long as you didn't get any. Not  even the toy surprise. Please. Don't shoot me. Please... Don't worry. That wasn't the deal.  I'm not going to shoot you. Thank you. Thank God. He really thought I was going to  shoot him. No. No. I'm not going to shoot you.  I'm going to hack off your limbs and  bury you while you're still alive. New IDs. Simon Quackenbush? Could I -- just  once -- have a cool name? Did you get what you wanted? I'm happy. It was good doing business with you. Is this seat taken? We did it. There's something I've been meaning  to ask you, Stella. But I've just  been so busy lately, what with the  explosion, car chase, Ukrainians and  all. It's about that thing you said to me  back in Philadelphia. You said that you can't have a  relationship with a pickpocket, gold  robber, or any kind of thief. Do you still believe that? Well I was wondering... What about a  retired pickpocket, gold robber,  thief? 