Well, then. You'll need excellent recommendations from your professors, a heck of an admissions essay and at least a one-seventy-five on your LSATs. Yes, but your major is Fashion Merchandising. Harvard won't be impressed that you aced "History of Lycra". What are your backups? But it's a top three school -- Harvard Law School?Huh? Come again? Who's askin'?Who? What? What're you so happy about? You're on trial for murder. I believe we are. I'll take that as a no. Were you with another man? Brooke, I believe you. But a jury is gonna want an alibi. He was thirty-four years older than you. That doesn't sound so good to a jury. Insurance? A love affair? Pure unadulterated hatred? Believe me, the DA will come up with plenty of reasons. Where they saw you standing over the body covered in his blood. You understand you're on trial for murder? What alibi? Was there any evidence that Mrs. Windham shot him? Was there any reason for you to believe she had discarded a weapon? Did she have a weapon in her hand? I do. I'm not allowing it. You're not going up there. I'm a man who knows what I want. You're a beautiful girl, Elle. I think it's time discuss your career path. Have you thought about where you might be a summer associate? I'm impressed that you took the initiative to go there and get it. That's what makes a good lawyer. And on top of that, you gained the client's trust and kept it. That's what makes a great lawyer. You're smart, Elle. Smarter than most of the guys I have on my payroll. About the alibi -- You followed your intuition today and you were right on target. I should've listened. Sit down. Good work today, Ms. Woods. What are you talking about? Why the hell not? Did you get it? That's touching, Elle, but we need an alibi. Mr. Salvatore, do you have any proof that you and Mrs. Windham were having an affair? So she was distraught that her husband was dead? Was she carrying a weapon? What did you see when you entered the house?That's not what's important. He's an ass that's gonna try. He's the top defense attorney in the state. Of course he's an ass. What do you think? Someone missed you. So Friday at eight? As long as you realize I'm not just some man-toy you can show off like a trophy. Up for a celebration dinner? Oh, my God!! What if you're trying to be something you are? The hell with Donovan. Stay. So now you're -- ? What're you talking about? You earned it -- Whoa -- Why? Hey -- Back up. How do you know he's gay? What?! You really think I'm attractive? Projecting joy is not my job. I don't -- Do that stuff. What the hell is that for? That's not really a topic that keeps me up at night -- but maybe it should. In that case, maybe Heyworth got fellated by a brunette and Brooke caught him. Wait -- Hilary Clinton. I can't. Okay, how would it work? You're serious? The what? So? And you know this for a fact? How can you still believe she's innocent? Did your daughter ever say anything to you about Brooke and Heyworth's relationship? We're here from Austen, Platt, Jaret & Donovan -- Damn. We can't see her for an hour? I can't believe you called me a butthead. No one's called me a butt- head since ninth grade. How do you figure? But maybe it is -- And D) Brooke is obviously hiding something. She married an old man, she's made a living on telling women they're too fat, she hawks her crap on the Home Shopping Network... She's completely untrustworthy. Uh, for starters, she won't give us an alibi -- Okay, if Brooke didn't kill the guy, who did? I wasn't gonna -- Good luck. And make sure you read the footnotes in Levinson's class. That's where all her exam questions come from. Speak up in Donovan's class. He likes people with an opinion. Sit in the back for Royalton. He tends to spit when he talks about products liability. Don't worry. It gets better. Who else do you have? No, but she made me cry once. Not in class -- I waited until I got to my room, but yeah, she can pretty much shrivel your balls -- or you know, your whatevers. You have Stromwell. The professors? Yeah, they tend to do that. Socratic method. And what is your boyfriend's name? And how long have you been sleeping with Mrs. Windham? Where? Did you ever take Mrs. Windham on a date? Hovering? Why do you say that? I' m sure that was very awkward for Chutney. Much as it is for me, hearing you tell about it. Well, that's what we're trying to prove didn't happen. Do you have any reason to believe it did? She's naked.Just the love in my heart. Oh, yes. Mrs. Windham is the most sweet, wonderful woman I know. I have loved her since the day she hired me. She could never do something this awful. I know this because we are very close. No, she was crying her eyes out. I saw Mrs. Windham standing over the body of Mr. Windham. Chuck. Three months. A restaurant in Oakland. Where no one would recognize us. Yes.There's a pizza welcome lunch in twenty minutes. Does that count? Your what? Uh, no. Maybe you should try the Lido deck. Class schedule, map, book list.Name? Relation? Licensed attorney or family member?You don't really believe she's innocent? That's the story she'll be telling the jury. We just have to prove it. His twenty-seven year old daughter and the pool boy. Well, in all likelihood, she's completely guilty as well. She was seen standing over her husband's dead body. Amazing how? Maiden name -- Daniels. You know her? It's pink. You should. Do you have a resume? You're applying for my internship, aren't you? Yes? Ms. Woods? Why not?Well, I recommend knowing before speaking. The law leaves much room for interpretation -- but very little for self-doubt. -- his life? How about -- Would you be willing to stake your life on it? Yes?Are you serious? It made me realize something. I'm an idiot. How was I supposed to know what kind of shoes you had on? Pink ones. If you tell him, you'll probably make summer associate. Who cares about Brooke? Think about yourself. You look -- nice. I just don't want to see you get your hopes up. You know how you get. Well, yeah, but -- I didn't mean -- Elle, c'mon, there's no way you'll get the grades to qualify for one of those spots. You're not smart enough. That's because I spend all my time with case studies and hypos. Now I am. Wow. You're a walking felony. Sarah was my girlfriend at prep school. We got back together over the summer at my grandmother's birthday party. Good. Good. So -- uh -- how was your first class? Uh -- sure. You got into Harvard Law? You go where? What're you talking about? You're not here to see me? I told you, Elle. I need someone -- serious. East coast people are different. I have to think about my future. And what people expect from me. Elle, believe me, I never expected to be doing this, but I think it's the right thing to do. Elle -- it's twenty miles back to campus. C'mon. Let me take you home. Elle -- no -- your boobs are fine -- That's not entirely -- Proposing?! Elle, If I'm going to be a politician, I need to marry a Jackie, not a -- Marilyn. I'm sorry, Elle, I just -- That's why I think it's time for us to -- But the thing is, if I'm gonna be a senator by the time I'm thirty -- I can't keep dicking around. My family expects a lot from me. And I expect a lot from me. I plan on running for office some day. I mean, we're having a lot of fun now -- but things are gonna be different when I'm at Harvard. Law school is a completely different world. I need to be serious. You're beautiful.