Git along little dowgie and call me back. I understand, Cynthia and thank you for the offer. I'll find a place. Now go ahead and give the Cowboy a yodel and get back to me. Cynthia... that would not be a good idea. Yeah, sure. It is that kind of a day. When? You gotta be kidding? And getting stranger. Where do I meet this Cowboy? I mean do I have to ride out to the range? Cynthia...what's going on? Oh, Jason thought it would be a good idea for me to meet the Cowboy. Should I wear my ten gallon hat and my six shooters? The Cowboy?? Beverly Hills Hotel. I've got enough cash in my pocket for one night. But I'm not broke. And? What do you mean "you know"? Someone's shut off my money! I'm going home. I'll call you later. I'm going home Cynthia. I'm going home. No. Who fired everyone? What did you say? What's going on, Cynthia? And you'd better speak to someone too ... or find yourself another client!! This smells like a set-up to me! And by the way, Ray, I don't know who these guys are kidding, but every foot of film I've shot is in a vault at the lab that only I can access. No one's getting that film!! You'd better fix this, Ray!!! Interest?! There's six of the top actresses that want this thing. So why did you idiots bring me here? ... I'm in the middle of making a picture. So what's the problem? Okay. So, this is the last time I see you then unless I do bad? I understand. It will work out. Okay. One. Look ... where's this going? What do you want me to do? Okay, I'm thinking. How's that? That a man's attitude determines to a large extent how his life will be. I agree with what you said...truly. Sure. Whatever. No problem. What's on your mind? Yeah. Howdy to you. Fine. I'll check out in the morning. Unbelievable. Look... here. I don't know what's going on. That's so much baloney. I've got enough cash for one night, okay? So, what did they say? How... how'd they know I was here? ... What?? Yes...what is it?Nothing... I don't like being out in the open like this. Keep her from gettin' in trouble, that's all. Gotta keep an eye on her, that's all. My next delivery is up that way, so I'll be getting down to it real soon. Yeah, sure. Look what happened to them.No, this one doesn't count. It's part of the original one. So then ... until we meet again. You're an understandin' fella. Good then, but, just in case, that bank's gonna stay closed a bit longer. You understand that? Now I know a few things. I know you have had a rough day. You're probably thinkin' I don't know the half of it, but in actual fact I know every part of it. The business of gittin' thrown off your movie, the heartache of seeing your wife with another man... losin' access to that precious film vault... So let's just say I'm drivin' this buggy and you fix your attitude and you can ride along with me. There's sometimes a buggy. How many drivers does a buggy have? No. You're too busy being a smart aleck to be thinkin'. Now I want ya to think and quit bein' such a smart aleck. Can ya do that for me? Well, just stop for a little second and think about it. Will ya do that for me? So since you agree I guess you could be a person who does not care about the good life. What did I say? Now... did you answer cause you thought that's what I wanted to hear or did you think about what I said and answer cause you truly believe that to be right? A man's attitude ... a man's attitude goes some ways toward how a man's life will be. Is that somethin' you agree with? Well now, here's a man who wants to get right to it. Kinda anxious to get to it are ya? Sure want to thank ya for drivin' all the way up to see me from that Beverly Hills Hotel. Beautiful night. Howdy!To get rid of this god-awful feeling. Well ... it's the second one I've had, but they were both the same......they start out that I'm in here but it's not day or night. It's kinda half night, but it looks just like this except for the light, but I'm scared like I can't tell ya. Of all people you're standing right over there by that counter. You're in both dreams and you're scared. I get even more frightened when I see how afraid you are and then I realize what it is - there's a man...in back of this place. He's the one ... he's the one that's doing it. I can see him through the wall. I can see his face and I hope I never see that face ever outside a dream. You see what I mean... I had a dream about this place. It's kind of embarrassing but, This Denny's. I just wanted to come here.Damn, that's a long drive. Where at? Interesting. Find out who they are? Oh yeah. The one of 'em still alive? Nice wallets. That's what I'm thinkin'. Could be...any of those dead kids wearin' pearl earrings? Yeah, they showed me Two men... two guns in the Caddy. You feel it?Palmdale. Yeah ... and they both use the same address. Nope, not yet. Their fingerprints don't match up anywhere. Well he said... you know in his way... you know what I mean? Besides the guy gettin' rolled up under the kids car which busted him up pretty bad, there was this little knife-like torn piece of metal, you know, off the car body, rolled out and slid up through this guy's neck and just kinda slit his aorta, you know, but they didn't find it right away, so the guy's losin' a lot of blood, you know, to the brain - all this time cause it was just like this thin little puncture wound on the surface of his neck that kinda sealed itself, he said, while inside the aorta is bleedin' pretty steady all that time. So, Dr. Scott's laughin' you know like he does 'cause he knows we want to talk to this guy. He's laughin' you know and shakin'... Son of a bitch couldn't stop laughin'... It was kinda contagious 'cause pretty soon we were all laughin'...the nurse was laughin'. You know how he is. Yeah... just .... Dr. Scott's got 'im. You remember Dr.Scott. Handstitched Italian. Filled with phony credit cards ... off the two guys in the Caddy. No. Could be someone's missin' maybe. Could be unrelated. The boys found this on the floor in back of the Caddy. Sammy thinks the Caddy had stopped along the shoulder ... man up the road said he saw two cars drag racin'...then you got that blind corner. Yeah.It was just a thing. The story made you laugh. Yeah, look at my digs ... times are tough. Making ends meet, huh. Unreal ... so, you're looking good. Whatcha doin' these days?Right then. So, you came to see if he's out there? Okay, so you had a dream about this place. Tell me. Oh boy. Go ahead. Okay. Why this Denny's? To Denny's? I wasn't going to say anything, but why Denny's? Why did you want to go to breakfast if you're not hungry?Have a good evening, Mr. Kesher. That's fine, Mr. Kesher. You can pay cash when you check out. I'm sorry. it was my duty to inform you. Well, Sir, I'm afraid they said you're overdrawn at your bank and your line of credit has been cancelled. I don't know. All we do is take an impression of the credit card and until you check out it just sits in our files. The fact is Mr. Kesher a representative of your bank called us. I'm sorry Mr. Kesher, but there seems to be some problem concerning your credit card.Before what? But you won't. I came back. I thought that's what you wanted. Yeah ... Betty. You don't rush it. I don't rush it. We play it close, just like in the movies. I want to play this one close, Bob. Like it was with that girl, what's her name, with the black hair. That felt good. Whaddya think? Just tell me where it hurts, baby.It must be just so pathetic being you. Sure Billy, grab your dog we'll eat in the van. What's the matter now? Yeah, what for? You're so easy. No, no, no, I told you. They're fine. They're all real happy. Yeah, that's a funny story. Oh, things aren't so bad. Gee, I hope you're not goin' to get in any trouble. Hardly. Well, not much Ed. Just doin' some stuff for this guy. So man, that's unheard of ... an accident like that ... who coulda foreseen that. You'll keep your eyes open for me won't you baby? A brunette? ... maybe beat up? Sure, reach in my shirt pocket there. Not a coke or anything?Let's see if we have a pass for Betty Elms ... and we do. Here we go. And good luck Miss. Elms. Mr.Wallace Brown is in the Executive Building on the second floor. We want to go in and turn right at the first street. Then we want to walk three blocks down past Stage 17 to the white Executive Building. Once we're on the second floor the receptionist will take us from there. Now do we have name? Well, now we've got to figure that out first don't we? And do we know which of the fifty-seven buildings Wally Brown is in? And who are we auditioning for today?I'll speak to someone. We'd be happy to put her in the pile for considerations ... you'd be pleased to know there's quite a lot of interest in this role. There is no problem.May I have your name please? No. I can't. Yes, there was.Well then, take a seat everyone. Betty why don't you join Jimmy and we'll play the scene. Is there anything you'd like to say Bob... something to Betty before they begin? Well. Shall we get to it? Would you like a water or a coffee before we begin? Come in. I'd like you to meet everyone. I'm Wally Brown. Your Aunt is a very dear friend of mine so it's particularly nice to meet you. Betty Elms?