What is it with Red? I've never seen him this way. If Evelyn's here, the rest are here! No, numbnuts, die. You get your nurse alone, you look her in the eye, and say, "Baby, they're training me for war, and I don't know what'll happen. But if I die tomorrow, I wanna know that we lived all we could tonight." I've never known it to fail. That's your line for tonight, ya know.He's been like that all day. Hey Danny, you coming? Are you sure they're here? What, good-lookin' sumbitch? You good-lookin' sumbitch...don't you EVER die!Are all the Yanks as anxious as you are to get yourself killed, Lieutenant? Good on you, then, Rafe McCawley. We'll get you situated in some quarters, and then introduce you to the equipment you'll be flying. On loan from Colonel Doolittle, is it?Too late for apologies, Walker. You'll love it. No base, no bars, just lots of sun and aircraft maintenance. I don't buy that hot dog shit. So you and your buddies are gonna transfer your planes up to Haleiwa. Oh yeah. I liked it so much I'm cutting you out of the squadron. That was a nice little stunt you pulled, buzzing the base. You're Walker, right?You guys know her?! I gotta have an intro! Man, I'd like to -- Mai-tai's. I got this to tell ya, about mai-tai's. The one that slept in my mouth last night. Where's that lizard? Yeah, but he was wearing shoes! Shit, he's puking on my feet! You guys are new? No, like... Ever hear of mai-tai's? Comes in a big...pot. Like...like...I wasn't gonna apologize, Sir. I was just gonna say it was worth it to feel like a real pilot again, even if it was only for five seconds. Sir, I -- Hale-what? Sir? You liked that? Yes Sir. Rafe's girl, Evelyn? Yeah. What the hell happened to you guys? What lizard? Hey. You. Mr. Coma. He did. Anthony, Red, stay with the guns! Coma, you cover the cannons! Joe, Theo, come with us! Earl, you get on the radio! We're gonna fight these fuckers. Earl! You said the planes were ready but -- but what? You guys get those! Earl, Rafe, come with me! They ready, Earl? I can't make it. And I'm on yours. Land of the free. Broomsticks instead of tail guns. Longer? It's getting shorter. We'll be loaded with 2,000 pounds of bombs and 1,500 pounds of fuel. I got another Chinese phrase for Doolittle. "Mug wump rickshaw mushu pork." It means "Who the fuck thought up this shit?" It's shorter than our practice runway. Maybe just trying to measure up. We've always tried to beat each other. What do you mean? I'm just doing what we've always done. Fun today. Like old times. Sorry you're gonna die -- cause I'm gonna make it. I'm out of fuel! Home of the brave. Little less. Yeah. So you can call me if you need help. They're all over us! It's tight. This ain't a little feud, Earl, it's World War Two! Six P-40's. Auxiliary field at Haleiwa, ten miles north of here. Come on! She said I was so much like you. I said, No, I'm not. I'm like I am because of you, but I'm not you, not as good as you. Everybody else saw me as a loser with a big chip on his shoulder. But you saw the better part of me, the part of me that could be like you, and changed me. You made me who I am. She loves you. I know that. And part of what she loves in me is how much of you she sees in me. Don't blame her, Rafe. It's not like you're thinking. I guess I'm used to it. I've felt like throwing up every minute since you got back. You left her. How's that for a fact? So what are you saying? I was grieving too. What facts are those? You don't wanna put beer over mai-tai. Sure you did. So come on. Say what you think. Why be sorry? That's what you feel, it's better to come out with it. Let's go get a drink. Unless you're scared to talk about it. You'd always go sit in a plane whenever you were upset. Then why are you looking for her? Didn't you say you told her not to come? Some other time. I don't feel like a party. Nah, you go on. Don't make this a joke, Rafe. You're talking about war, and I know what war does to people. I don't mean how'd you do the paperwork, I mean how the hell did you do it without letting me in on it? How could you do this? Hey, you wanna test my limits, you better line up a couple dozen women on the GROUND...cause I got NO limits in the air! Home of the brave! Good shooting, Rafe! Kill the bastards! Power dive! Yeah. What about easier to hit in an air raid? Hey! What is this, the planes all bunched up like that? Hang on. From the air? Hey, have you seen Pearl Harbor at night? Sorry. I swore not to talk about him tonight, but there's all this stuff I think I ought to tell you, that he didn't get a chance to. Rafe was...he was lonely. He had such high expectations of himself that he always felt empty. The week he met you he told me he felt his heart had always lived in winter, and for the first time in his life he has seen the spring. That might not have been such a good idea. They're making us fly out of a half-paved airfield. The real punishment is that I won't be back to the barracks till it's too late for dinner or coffee. So I guess it's goodbye for awhile. How's everything? ...He said that? I taught him to drink beer. He taught me how to fly. Rafe's folks had a crop dusting business, owned their own planes. Real straight, frugal. My father was the town drunk. Went to sleep one night on the railroad tracks and was still there when the Dawn Express came along. Rafe and I were the only ones at the funeral. He took me back to his house, and I never left. Before Rafe left, he asked me to be the one to tell you, if it happened. Lieutenant... I'm Danny Walker. I'm Rafe McCawley's best friend.No baseball diamonds, Red. I'd like to bomb their Emperor too. But I think that'd just piss 'em off. The idea here, Gentlemen, is not revenge. We're here to prove to them that they're neither invincible nor superior. So let's try this again. Military targets only. Now we have fifteen requests for the Emperor's Palace...and one for Tokyo baseball stadium. I have a phrase I want you all to memorize: "Lushu hoo megwa fugi." It means "I am an American." In Chinese. We won't have the fuel to get back to the carriers; they'll turn and run back to Hawaii the minute we're airborne. The navy will get us to within 400 miles of the Japanese coast. We'll launch off the carriers from there. I know. Listen you guys. I'm the first plane -- then McCawley, Walker, the rest of you. I'll have the shortest run. If I don't make it, you don't go. I thought I'd made it clear, I'm not just putting this mission together -- I'm leading it myself. I want to introduce a couple of people. Doc White is a flight surgeon; he has volunteered for gunnery training so that he can go on the mission, because we can't spare the weight of an extra man. In flight school you qualified in single and in multi-engine planes. You'll be flying multi-engines here. Top secret means you help me pick the other pilots, train, and go -- without knowing where you're going until it's too late. You're just about the only pilots in the Army with actual combat experience, so you're volunteering for a mission I've been ordered to put together. Do you know what top secret is? Explain what? I heard what you did. Good luck over there McCawley. I admire your decision. That's bullshit, son. But it's really good bullshit. Don't get smart with me, son. There are some people who think the outside loop is reckless and irresponsible.Who the fuck taught you to fly? Danny, I don't like this fuckin' guy. Of the four left, only one is full of fuel. Cock-suckin' right I do!! In the gun lockers! They'll all fly, but -- oh, shit...The Chinese are sending out search parties to try to find the crews before the Jap patrols do, if any of the planes make it. There've been some complications, Sir. The Chinese didn't receive our request for homing beacons until is was too late to get them set. And the planes had to take off so early they may lack fuel to make the mainland anyway. We have bombed Tokyo, Mr. President. Radio Tokyo interrupted it's own broadcast to make the announcement. We've done studies. We're confident we would turn them back eventually...after they'd gotten as far as Chicago.I have'na been able ta -- Fook ya dooble! Fook ya! If ye'd wanted a bloody Cadillac ya should'a stayed in the bloody States! Well which of those three ya want fixed? Leapin' Jesus!We got a saying here. A-low-HA! Who's gonna to that? Japan is four thousand miles away. So you guys just arrived, huh? The brass is afraid of sabotage. This makes 'em easier to protect -- and easier to service.Not anxious to die, Sir, anxious to matter. If you're patching up bullet holes right here on the runway, maybe we should skip the housekeeping and get right to the planes. That's me, Sir. Yes you can. Danny... Home of the Brave. We'll get separated over the target, but you and I will rendezvous for the run to China. I'm on your wing. It's not getting any longer. They'll turn the ship into the wind before we launch. That'll help. What's between you and her is between you and her. But here's what's between you and me. Everybody has a hero, Danny. And you're mine. Bullshit. We've played with each other, pushed each other. This is different. Like you want to prove that you're better than me. Who's that for -- Evelyn? No. You're trying to beat me. Danny, what the hell are you trying to do out there? What color flowers you want me to bring to your funeral? I'm out of ammo! Land of the free. I got a half a tank. You? You hear my okay? Bet they don't dust crops in Japan. Tighter 'n a bulls ass in fly season. Don't hit the barn. They're coming around for another pass. You got extra weapons and ammo? What's there? Where are we going? Get me into a plane! How sweet. Is that when you put the move on her? Fuck you. How come you're not pukin'? How's this for a fact? I loved her first. I'm saying now you do know. So it's time for you to fuck off. Yeah, right. Anyway, you didn't know. I understand how it could happen. I know why any guy would love her. And I can't blame you that it happened. You thought I was dead, she was grieving, you were trying to help her. We gotta face some facts here. If you can't keep up, don't drink yours. Waitress! Four beers! I didn't mean it. Sorry. Upset? Why should I be upset? It's a test. If I asked her to come and she came, it wouldn't tell me anything. If I tell her not to come, and she comes...then I know she loves me. Yeah. I have to talk to Evelyn. And I want you to meet her. Danny, you know how many times I saw you come to school with a black eye or a busted nose, and couldn't do a thing about it -- for you, or for your mother... or your father, with his lungs scorched out with mustard gas, and more left of his lungs than there was of his spirit? You've made your sacrifice, Danny. It's time I made mine. I'm sorry, Danny, but they're only accepting the best pilots. The Colonel helped me work it out. Didn't you say test the limits? There's another one! Land of the free... Good shooting, Danny! It's Germans! Bandits at 2 o'clock. Colonel...we're all going. Whether you make it or not. I take it back, about the flowers. We're all gonna die. Bombers. Well sure, Colonel -- Is that the good new, Sir, or -- We can explain, Colonel. Thank you, Sir. Thank you, Sir. Never, Sir. I just meant it's dangerous only for the kind of pilot who wants to show off, rather than inspire the other pilots in his unit. And all you've done for me, Sir, working out the transfer, I did it to say thanks. To honor you, Sir. What the French call a "homage." How could it be irresponsible, Sir, if you were the first man in the world to do it? It must of been a convincing letter. What?... Of course I forgive you. I know what you feel for Danny is real. And your choice is your choice. I need to tell you something. I didn't know what it was to lose somebody, to see death and find how much it scares you. That you haven't lived and loved enough. I didn't understand. Forgive me. What else can we do? Don't worry about that. Guys away from home, lonely, good-hearted women try to cheer them up. It's all right. Danny always said I see things with my emotions instead of my eyes. I'm so sorry for what you must've gone through, but I'm back. Nothing that won't heal. I guess. I called my folks, then Colonel Doolittle. The Colonel sent a man to pick me up. They wanted to debrief me. I told the Colonel I needed to see somebody first, and he had a supply flight heading out in an hour. I've done a lot of talking. You haven't said anything. ...Survive? I jumped in a patch of fog, and nobody could see me. I hit the water hard. And it was so...cold. I saw you, I couldn't go in, I...just stood there wondering if you knew. You looked...sad, and I had to sit down a minute. I sent telegrams, I guess the military traffic held them up. Maybe not. But I need you to know. I love you. And I will come back. I'll find a way. And then we'll get a chance to know if what I felt the first moment I saw you, and every minute since then, is real. Evelyn...you know the line -- let's make tonight memorable. What I feel about you makes it impossible for me to say something like that. If I don't come back, I don't want to saddle you with regret and sadness you'll carry the rest of your life. I had to tell you in person. Because there's something else I need to say. Colonel Doolittle pulled the strings, and put me on loan to the R.A.F. They need pilots, and we need experience. I leave tomorrow. I'm going to the war. The real war. Hitler's taken Europe. The Brits are hanging on by their fingernails, and If they lose, there'll be more people killed than anybody can imagine. And not just there, but here. There's one thing I have to say. I'm going away. The only reason it's hard to say is that I keep thinking I don't have the right to say it. But I've got to because it's true. I love you. That must surprise you. No, he...got some news today. He'll be okay, he just didn't feel like coming tonight. Nice to meet you, Betty. Hello, Lieutenant. Good to see you. Crank her! Learn English, then! And if you don't give me a plane that can handle combat, you better start learning to speak German. All of 'em. The struts are loose, the hydraulics are leaking, and the electrical system's shorting out in the cockpit.Yeah. But if I have to get something out, I c-can always s-s-s- SIIING! Only when I'm n-n-n- How would I know. You know the football player, Red G- Grange? Well the guys called me R-Red, cause you know, I'm red...and they thought I was strange, so, you know, Red G-Grange, Red Str-Strange. He, I'm R-Red. Red S-Strange. Well, you p-puked on his feet. I th-think I'm gonna like it here. A m-missionary? Y-Yes Sir. Colonel, to f-fight you need strategy. To have strategy, ya gotta practice. And to practice it, ya gotta play -- I d-don't think Japs ought'a be allowed to p-play baseball. Then wh-where do we land? C-Colonel, we been p-practicing takeoff's, but I ain't sure we can land on these carriers d-decks. And where's the secret base, Sir? The one we t-takeoff from.God help them. So those brave men are flying blind and running out of fuel. Have the planes made it to China? What if the Japanese did invade?And if we fail, and lose our carriers, we destroy our ability to fight them at all. As soon as the second wave returns, we will withdraw. The second wave has not returned. And we have no idea where their carriers are. What is the damage report? We must go ahead. This is our moment. We have achieved surprise, but their carriers are not in port. I don't like this. A brilliant man would find a way not to fight a war. Set up teams of radio operators to send out messages the Americans will intercept, concerning every potential American target in the Pacific. Include Hawaii -- the clutter will be more confusing that way. Everything real except the fact that no one is shooting back at us. Uncharged torpedoes have different balance. The Americans themselves have made it possible. We will annihilate them in a single attack -- at Pearl Harbor. The Council knows I have opposed fighting the Americans. No matter how great our resolve, they have resources beyond ours. If we must go to war, there is only one way -- deal them a blow from which it will take them years to recover. In that time we can conquer all of the Pacific, and they will have no choice but to ask for peace. If knowledge of opponents and careful calculation of danger is taken as weakness then I have misunderstood what it means to be Japanese.