Seal the cave? No sir, I haven't forgotten. A doll alone proves nothing. True. But the doll was found beside the jawbone of a man -- and no trace of simian fossils has turned up in this deposit. I apologize. Indeed, the very fact that these tools are unknown to us could suggest a culture in certain ways almost equal to our own. Some of the evidence is uncontestable ... We've never meant to be treasonable, sir. But up there, in the face of that Cliff, is a vast cave -- and in that cave a fabulous treasure of fossils and artifacts. How did you know we'd come here? Yes, sir, so it was -- thanks to you. But not before I discovered evidence of a simian culture that existed long before the Sacred Scrolls were written ... Certainly, sir. It's a pleasure to see you again. Oh., no., sir. I was just assembling my notes. Dr. Zaius -- Certainly, sir. I'll get my notes and come right over. They can't convict us of that. You proved our innocence. Besides... ... his culture is our culture. That was different. We thought you were .... inferior. What are you doing there? Taylor, I'd rather you - Taylor, you're not in command here. Put down that gun. Right now, if you like. No one really knows. It's an ancient taboo. Set forth in the Sacred Scrolls. The Lawgiver pronounced the area deadly. It empties into a sea some miles from here. That's where the cave is. Sorry, Taylor. The terrain around that lake is poisonous. There is no fresh water, no vegetation. Nothing. It's a long detour to Dead Lake. What would we find? To the diggings I worked at a year ago. It's a three day ride across the eastern desert, near where you claim you landed from that planet of yours. As you wish. The best. But we won't need them. Well, Taylor -- we're all fugitives now. Right. Let's put the water and provisions in the wagon. How did it go? Zira.... Zira, listen to me. We've got a fine future ahead of us. Marriage. Stimulating careers. I'm up for a raise -- No, thank you'. I won't get into that battle. Because if he is a missing link, it means the Sacred Scrolls aren't worth their parchment. That was before Dr. Zaius and half the Academy said the idea was heresy. The evidence was very meager -- It's probably wrong -- No, they won't - Zira, are you trying to get my head cut off? I don't. And I'm not going to try. No creature can survive in that part of the Forbidden Zone. I've been there. I've seen it. Flight is a scientific impossibility. And they fell out of the sky with you? Now, just a minute -- Where did you learn to do this? It's a stunt. Humans don't write. Zira, come on. You know they can't -- Oh oh. Here comes Number One. Remembers what? What's so special about him? Neither do I. Do you have to work tonight?Blessed are the vegetarians. Where there's one there's another. And another. And another. Taylor -- quit riding him. Any particular reason? Which direction? No. Nothing will grow here .... there's just a trace of hydrocarbons, and most of the nitrogen is locked into nitrates. But how long is a day? Yo! Yo!They're still dirty. And their bite is septic. Look at that ... Hmph. You do pretty well when it comes to getting space and equipment. But the quota system's been abolished! You made it. Why can't I? These animals are dirty, doctor. They stink, and they carry communicable diseases. Why aren't they cleaned up before they're brought here? I don't know. This beast lost a lot of blood. Him.Yes, sir. The State charges Doctors Zira and Cornelius with contempt of this Tribunal, malicious mischief and scientific heresy. Objection! Objection! These remarks are profane and irrelevant. That's true, Dr. Zaius. My witnesses -- correction -- my exhibits are on display in the amphitheater. He can reason? With the Tribunal's permission, let me expose this hoax by direct examination. Directly, Mr. President. This wretched man, the accused, is only a pawn in the conspiracy. We know that he was wounded in the throat at the time of his capture. The State charges that Dr. Zira and a corrupt surgeon named Galen experimented on this wounded animal, tampering with his brain and throat tissues to create a speaking monster ... There is a conspiracy afoot to undermine the very cornerstone of our Faith Learned Judges: My case is simple. It is based on our first Article of Faith: that the Almighty created the ape in his own image; that He gave him a soul and a mind; that He set him apart from the beasts of the jungle, and made him the lord of the planet. Objection. The accused is indeed a man. Therefore, he has no rights under ape law. Ridiculous. That answer is a contradiction in terms. Tell us, Bright Eyes, why do men have no souls? What is the proof that a divine spark exists in the simian brain? Of course he doesn't know our culture - because he cannot think. Tell us why all apes are created equal. Tell the court, Bright Eyes -- what is the second Article of Faith?He's vicious, Doctor. Besides, it's against the rules. I'll see. What happened? Well, you know what they say. Human see, human do. Huh? See? He keeps pretending he can talk. You could get hurt doing that, Doctor. No change. The minute you open the door, he goes into his act. Good morning, Dr. Zira.We got off at the wrong stop. Try telling them our names. Can we take a dip? Scarecrows? I'd like to know why not. You thought life on Earth was meaningless. You despised people. So what did you do? You ran away. Dodge ... he's not like me at all. But he makes sense. Held walk naked into a live volcano if he thought he could learn something no other man knew. I understand why he's here. But you...You're no seeker. You're negative. Okay. You read me well enough. Why can't I read you? Taylor. I'm telling you -- Climb off me, will you! I'm prepared to die. All right -- If only we could get a fix. Prove it. If we can't get back, it's still just a theory. long pause) You know it. Then we've been away from Earth for eighteen months. You don't seem very cut up about it. Sorry... I was thinking of Stewart. What d'you suppose happened? Well? Where are we? Have any notion, skipper? Gone. It's no use ... there she goes. What signal?What? I think you're making a mistake. They think you're behaving foolishly. I must say I agree. Where will you go? Yes, I can do that. What is it? Disillusioned... But vindicated! I've been right all along. You can't trust the older generation. It's a matter of values -- Always giving orders. Just like every other adult. Why did you do that? Scrape off your hair? Shouldn't we be moving on? If you insist. But I'm not taking any orders -- Zira doesn't want your female. So you can talk. I'm Dr. Zira's nephew. This abduction was her idea. You're not really going to the zoo. That's just our cover story in case we're stopped. Although I do feel that if it ever came down to a question of whether something like you should be public or private property -- To scare off humans? Who put them up? Gorilla hunters ... He wouldn't leave her.And our purpose is to settle custodial and jurisdictional questions concerning this beast, and determine what's to be done with him. You asked for the opportunity to present your case. Surely you must know why you're here. Why special? I know it's a man. And you know the rules. No animals outside the compound, and most certainly not without a leash. What is that?Be it so ordered. The Tribunal will examine all the evidence presented here and in due time render a verdict on the proposed indictment and on the disposition of the deviate in question. This hearing is adjourned. Sustained. Sustained. Your archeological theories have no bearing on the disposition of this creature. Very well. I suggest we go and look at them. Proceed. But don't turn this hearing into a farce. Come to the point, Dr. Honorius. State your case, Mr. Prosecutor. Well, Dr. Zira? This is a man, is he not? Bailiff! Stop this outburst! Gag that monstrosity! Dr. Zira! Silence that man! Bailiff! Make the animal be quiet. It says here that his name is Bright Eyes. You gave him that name yourself. Dr. Zira -- tell Bright Eyes to sit down. Sustained. How so? This is a joke in very poor taste. Stop right there. Bring me that paper. Read it yourself. Mind your tongue, madame. Sustained. In all fairness, Dr. Zira, you must admit the accused is a nonape, and therefore has no rights under ape law. Let it be clear at the outset that all matters pertaining to this inquiry are confidential, and anyone discussing them outside this chamber will be held in contempt of the Tribunal. You may proceed, Dr. Honorius.Good luck then. And now you know the truth. Cornelius has beaten you, Doctor. He proved it. Man preceded you here. You owe him your science, your language, whatever knowledge you have. Reconstructing a life. Care to have a look? Yes. I have to agree. From all you've found so far, his position's as good as yours. No. You saved me from this fanatic. Maybe I can pay you back. Shut up. If there's any shooting, Dr. Zaius, you'll be the first to die. Depend on it. When are you going to show me what's in the cave? You've never told me why this region's called the Forbidden Zone. Where does the river lead? I know ... Nevertheless, I thank you for saving us. You'll be in trouble for going there. Nothing much. The remnants of a life raft. Maybe a small flag. The emblem of my countrymen. You still don't believe me, do you? Zaius seems to think there might be another jungle beyond the Forbidden Zone. That's what we'll try for. What about you? Just the same, I want one. Do you have any weapons? Well, at least they haven't tried to bite us. Let's find them all. You're more than three hundred light years from your precious planet. Your loved ones have been dead and forgotten for twenty centuries. Even if you could get back, they'd think you were something that fell out of a tree. None at all. That way. Okay. If there's no life here, we've got just seventy-two hours to find it. That's when the groceries run out. Any sign of dangerous ionization? Good question. Landon -- check your communications kit. One pistol... twenty-four rounds of ammo. two medical kits.. one camera... one TX9. We've enough food and water for three days. Geiger counter? Got your sensors? Show this to the President. Some apes, it seems, are more equal than others. I admit, I know nothing of your culture. You're our optimist Look at the bright side. If that's the best there is around here, in six months we'll be running this planet. No cigar. Okay. Let's take a look. But I'm not prepared to die. Don't bother Oh, and one last item. Immortality. You wanted to go on forever. Well, you damn near made it. Except for Dodge and me, you've lived longer than anybody. And with Stewart dead, it looks like we're the last of the strain. You got what you wanted, kid. How does it taste? And the glory, don't forget that. There's a life-sized bronze statue of you somewhere. It's probably turned green by now, and nobody can read the name plate. But never let it be said we forget our heroes. Straighten me out on something. Why did you come along at all? You volunteered. Why? I'll tell you. They nominated you for the Big One and you couldn't turn it down. Not without losing your All-American standing There's only one reality left. We're here and it's now. You get ahold of that and hang on tight, or you might as well be dead. What would you learn? I've told you where you are and when you are. It's a fact, Landon. Buy it. You'll sleep better. Because time has wiped out everyone and everything you cared for -- they're dust. Apart from that, you look pretty chipper for a man who's two thousand and thirty one years old. I read the clocks. They bear out Hasslein's hypothesis. We've been away from Earth for two thousand years, give or take a decade. Still can't accept it, huh? By our time. You've turned gray. It's a little late for a wake. She's been dead nearly a year. Air leak. Died in her sleep. Landon! Join the expedition. We're some three hundred and twenty light years from Earth. On an unnamed planet in orbit around a star in the constellation of Orion. That could be Bellatrix. We're here to stay. Forget it. Abandon ship. To Earth! That we've landed! Landon! Send a last signal. The flags of discontent. It's the only way anything ever gets changed. Don't try to follow us. I'm pretty handy with things like this. That's the boy. Keep 'em flying. Lucius. I'll start by following the shoreline. And my nose. I want you to go around the bend and tell those gorillas their leader is my prisoner. All right, all right. Will You do me a favor? No orders. Not everything. They left a hostage. How do you feel, Lucius? Relax. You'll see it all later. Sorry, Lucius. You'll have to stay here and guard the horses. In my world -- before I left it - only youngsters of your age wore un- scraped hair. I'm for that. Fine. Just let her out. I want her. She comes along too. Come on. Get me out of here. Who are you? You destroyed his memory! His mind! His identity! And, you want to do the same to me! One is in a museum! This hearing is absurd! Let me tell my story... My name is Taylor. We're back at the beginning. I still don't know the why. A planet where apes evolved from men. A world turned wrong side up. A puzzle with one piece missing. What evidence? No weapons were found in the cave. Why? From the first, I've terrified you, Doctor. And in spite of every sign that I'm an intelligent being who means no harm, you continue to hate and fear me. Why? No, thanks. I'll take freedom. Sure. In a cage. Then there is another jungle? He might have been wiped out by a plague. Natural catastrophe. Like a fiery storm of meteors. From the looks of this part of your planet, I'd say that was a fair bet. Tell him to pull back! I don't say he was a man like an Earthman, but I'd call him a close relative, for he was plagued by most of man's ills. Yet, fragile as he was, he came before you -- and was superior to you. Okay.Up to the cave. Very well. If Zira and Cornelius can prove that those scrolls don't tell the whole truth of your history; if they can show you definite evidence of another culture from an unrecorded past -- will you exonerate them? When were the Sacred Scrolls written? All right, let's see if you're willing to put that statement to a test. Stop right there. I'm not protecting anybody! That hearing was a farce. What have I done? I don't know. Thank you for calling me Taylor. Dr. Zaius, I know who I am. Who are you? How did this upside down civilization ever get started? Then you admit -- All right, suppose I am a mutant? Why does the appearance of one mutant send you into a panic? That's exactly what Zira and Cornelius claim. You're talking heresy, doctor. I take it you don't believe the prosecutor's charge -- that I'm a monster created by Dr. Zira. What about it? My tribe, as you call it, lives on another planet in a distant solar system. I told the truth at that 'hearing'of yours. No. What about me? With one of them. God bless you. Dr. Zira, I'd like to kiss you good-bye. It's better than going to prison for heresy. Would you like to come along? Wasn't I humiliated? By all of you? Didn't you lead me around on a leash? Why not? Then tell them Dr. Zaius won't leave here alive. He has a point. On my planet children often play with ape dolls. Except that he's also the Chief Defender of the Faith. And that's your Minister of Science. Honor- bound to expand the frontiers of knowledge. What's the diagnosis, doctor? A touch of the sun? You threw us together, remember? And you guessed right. Men, like apes, get despondent without a mate. Maybe not. Yes. You're going back to the Forbidden Zone? Listen- You did this to him! You've removed his frontal lobes! You! ... You knew about this? Second from the left. It's him...Landon. What is this? Where have you been? Why didn't you come to see me? I'm not acting! I can talk! How much proof do you want? My - name - isn't - Bright Eyes It's Taylor! Listen, listen -- I can speak --That's correct. And you will both stand trial for heresy. Well? For a time the ancients kept humans as household pets. Until the Lawgiver proved that man could not be tamed. Keep digging Cornelius. You'll find evidence of the master of this house: an ape. Your conclusion is premature. Have you forgotten your Scripture? The Thirteenth Scroll? 'And Proteus brought the upright beast into the garden, and chained him to a tree, and the children made sport of him.' To begin with, your methods of dating the past are crude, to say the least. There are geologists on my staff who would laugh at your speculations. Don't speak to me in absolutes. The evidence is contestable. I've seen some of your fossils and artifacts. They're worthless. I ask you to reconsider the rash course you've taken. If you're convicted of heresy, the most you'll get is two years. But if you persist in pointing guns in my direction, you'll hang for high treason. It wasn't difficult. Only an apostate or a lunatic would flee to the Forbidden Zone. I see you brought along the female of your species. I didn't realize a man could be monogamous. He exceeded his orders. His travel permit was promptly revoked. You know Dr. Maximus, our Commissioner for Animal Affairs? Did you forget our appointment, Cornelius? Cornelius, if you have a moment today, I'd like to discuss this expedition of yours in more detail. Don't look for it, Taylor. You may not like what you find. The Forbidden Zone was once a paradise. Your breed made a desert of it, ages ago. Because you are a man. And you were right -- I have always known about man. From the evidence, I believe his wisdom must walk hand in hand with his idiocy. His emotions must rule his brain. He must be a warlike animal who gives battle to everything around him -- even himself. Where else, but in a cage, does man belong? Of course, you could return with us. Our society might find a place for you and your mate. Then answer this: If ran was superior, why didn't he survive? Cease fire! Withdraw! That's lunacy. I can give an alternate description for everyone of those objects that's equally as inventive as yours. But it would be conjecture, not proof. Of course. Twelve hundred years ago. What is your proposal? There is no contradiction between faith and science. True science. Don't be a fool. You're outnumbered and outgunned. You're a menace! A walking pestilence. I do know who you are, Taylor. As I know that others of your kind must live in the Forbidden Zone. You have just six hours to make a full confession. After that I'll employ surgery to obtain one. Guards! If you are protecting others of your kind, it will cost you your identity. You may well call it upside down, since you occupy its lowest level. And deservedly. The eastern desert has never been explored -- because we've always assumed that no life can exist there. Save yourself, Taylor. Tell me -- is there another jungle beyond the Forbidden Zone? I admit that where there's one mutant there's probably another. And another. A nest of them. Where's your nest, Taylor? Where are your women? Because you're not unique. There was the one you call Landon -- Of course. Certainly not. You're a mutant. A fort! Unconsciously, you chose a name that was belligerent. Where were you nurtured? Then how is it we speak the same language? Even in your lies, some truth slips through! That mythical community you're supposed to come from -- Fort Wayne'? You lied. Where is your tribe? However, it's within my power to grant You a reprieve. That is why I summoned you here tonight. Tell me who and what you really are and where you come from, and no veterinary will touch you. Emasculation, to begin with. Then experimental surgery. On the speech centers. On the brain. Ultimately, a kind of living death. Oh, your case was preordained. In a way, you performed a service for the State ... Because your hearing made it possible for us to expose Zira and Cornelius. And now the Tribunal has placed you in my custody for...final disposition. Do you know what that means? Identify him, then. Speak to him. Well...do you acknowledge kinship with any of these creatures? In a few minutes there will be no doll. There can't be. I'm sorry. He won't survive. Do you know what sort of life awaits you out there, Taylor? That of an animal. If you aren't eventually hunted down and killed by apes, some jungle beast will devour you. What? Secondly, if these 'tools' as you call them, are unidentified, why are they introduced as 'evidence' of anything? Let them talk, Mr President. Let them talk. Mr. President, I believe the Prosecutor has reassembled all he surviving humans captured in the hunt along with Bright Eyes. How sad. Stuffed and mounted, eh? Dead men, like sunken ships, can tell no stories. And his other companion? Where are they now? But how convenient that the proof of his arrival has vanished? You also state that Bright Eyes had two intelligent companions at the time of his capture. Do you believe him? Dr. Zira -- you state here that a ship from outer space sank in an inland sea of our eastern desert. Wouldn't it more properly be done in your office? Of course. He saw you moving yours.