Wrong number Nooooooo! Kim-Lo? Oh thank Buddha it's you, Kim-Lo, I'm being held against my will, my civil rights have been violated and it took four days to make this one phone call...Fern! C'mere! She's siphoning tanks - takes a sec to cap off the cyanide hose. My daughter's always dreamed of bein' a cheerleader. Put her on your squad and I'll give you the guns. Oh, why didn't you say. For two-hundred I got a nice rubber band and a real sharp nail in back... I'll gift wrap it for you. The deal is fifteen hundred. Cash. Take it or leave it. Right. That'll be fifteen hundred - cash. Bullets. Okay. How much ammo you reckon you'll need? Yeah? Maybe we can make a deal. That's Itchy, alright. How many y'need? She did, did she? How is the old girl? Really...Oh... What are you working on? ...so although their dad said, "Don't get out of the car until I get back with help," they knew the sheriff's voice as he yelled. "Run to my voice - and don't look back." The twins did as he said, but at the last second they turned around and saw the escaped mental patient, bouncing their father's head on the top of the car! Ah! They jumped, Diane! They jumped! Diane, there's no excuse for not taking your pre-natal vitamins. Now, if you guys were really friends, you'd remind her to take these. Huh? Oh Jesus... I never knew you dreamed of working in a grocery store bank branch. Baby, we are living the great American Dream! Ah! I almost forgot gas for the baby machine. I'll grab your Snickers and get a place in line. But we agreed your job is running the baby machine... Me too! Will it ever end?! I love this lady! If you could be Count Chocula, Frankenberry or Trix the Rabbit, who'd you be? Like Cocoa Puffs. Good. Captain Crunch. Bad. Shreds the roof of your mouth. I mean you hear, "Tricks are for kids!" And you think, "I'm a kid, I guess they're for me." But your baby brain's got no idea that Fruit Loops are, like, a million times better. I'm going to save our kid all that pain. But Di, all this food reminds me of how much I want to teach our baby. Diane, I've loved you ever since I first saw you -- right before you kicked me in the head. Y'think? Yeah. Spit from your dad? I don't know... And what the hell was that sound she made right before she hit the coffee table. Excuse me, Vendela, have you seen Diane? We're supposed to go to the homecoming dance tonight.Sorry. My hands are tied. Uh, yes. Yes you did. Let me explain something... I'm sorry.