None of your business. What the hell are you doing? But the boss knows I always been loyal. How come I never hearda you before? That's a lotta crap. What're you talkin' about? You're in the last two seconds, you don't cut the crap. Call the skank now or I start redecorating. What the hell are you talkin' about? Call her. What? Fine. So call her. Get her over here. Man, you got a bad attitude. You're attractive, you're smart. Stand on your own two feet, know what I mean? And you got a wicked sense of humor. Man, you really zinged the boss a couple times, it was all I could do-- I never woulda done it. Probably not, anyway. I mean, I actually think you're pretty cool. Look, that thing about the pliers, I was just doing what the man pays me to do. Ya know? Comin' off hard. Or we can work on your face with a pair of pliers for a couple of hours and you tell us where she is. No wire. Guess again. Mr. Sonrisa saw you on the cameras. He wants you to come see him.Where? Can I say something in my defense? Nothing happened between me and Tia. You didn't tell me you lived with her. Could you give us a moment. Trying to have a relationship with you, Max, is like standing in a fog bank. You know you're in the middle of something only you have absolutely no idea where you are. Do you know why I went after Justine? Justine was not an unwilling participant. You're not still pissed? How're ya doin', Max. But I'm afraid of-- No way. Lemme put some clothes on. What? Where're we going? What is it? You're roommates? What are you doing here? I see the perimeter defense system is still fully intact... At least I tried. I was crazy about you...am crazy about you. But you keep everyone at arm's length like there's some great big dark something going on that-- I don't know... It's just that the more I tried to get close to you, the more you pulled away. It was a complicated situation which could have been misconstrued, causing you to maybe take offense.Theo rode for this place a long time, man. It concerns only Jah. But, in this case, I was the instrument of the Most High. Like de prophets say, "Only the unrighteous husband sends expensive gift- wrapped underpants to another woman." Nobody there to sign for it, mon. What's a bruddah s'posed to do, ride around all day with the damn package?That was taken nine years ago... I.D.'d as Michael Hanover. Sentenced to 18 months in the state penn at Rawlins, Wyoming for armed robbery. He escaped from custody after 4 days. Hasn't been seen or heard from since. And whether you want to believe it or not, you already fired the first shot. On another matter, Federal Corrections used to keep records on distinguishing marks-- scars, tattoos. I did a search and came up with this. With your help. Maybe we got screwed outta living in a time when we could sit in a cafe, sipping our lattes wearing two thousand dollar wrist watches while we plan our next vacation. But the world got a whole lot meaner all of a sudden. Wasn't s'posed to, but it did. And it's back to the law of the jungle. You got your predators and you got your victims. You are involved. By being alive you're involved. These girls, kidnapped during the last month and sold overseas to the highest bidder. The oldest is twelve. The youngest about the same age you were when you escaped. Forty-seven people drowned last night off the coast of Vancouver after paying smugglers twenty thousand apiece to get into Canada so they could get work in order to eat. Only they got marched overboard at gunpoint instead. Deeds, not words. I need your help. It turned up on the black market. One of my sources thought I might be interested. Open it. On accounta you, Sonrisa didn't get to buy off the jury, or kill the judge. He's gone. Once and for all. It was war, Max, and you won. I've never been much for trying to understand why bad things happen, I just know they do. So the job's to figure out how to deal with the consequences. Which you did... You took that sonuvabitch out. My mother used to say the universe is right on schedule. Everything happens like it's supposed to. Not in any pain...the good and bad news of a blown out spinal cord. Somebody's got to. You're a soldier, Max. That's what you were put here for. But soldiers need a mission otherwise they tear themselves up. She's put her life on the line, and her faith in me. So, you know the lengths he'll go to keep her from going public... I'm turning Lauren over to Canadian law enforcement tomorrow. They'll put her in witness protection, but if you're with her the risk of her safety goes way down. She's prepared to testify that she was instructed to do this by one of Edgar Sonrisa's managers. You know who Sonrisa is? The woman you met, Lauren. She supervised workers removing cortodiazapine from gel caps by hand and replacing it with powdered sugar. The real drug was shipped out of the country. The placebos were distributed to County VA Hospital and six veterans' clinics in the area. Your help. I need to find this technician, or anyone else who knows about Project Manticore. They would've used surrogate mothers to carry you after the in-vitro work... If I can track down one of them. Like extra virgin olive oil, the best of the best. Hardly... A girl. The technical term for you is "chimera"... How much do you know? How well do you remember the lab? The bar code on your neck, Max. I know who you are and I know who you're running from. He was working on something called Project Manticore, which was using recombinant DNA to produce a superior human...a warrior...an advanced infantry soldier. L-Triptophane...a neurotransmitter sometimes used in homeopathy to control seizures. Then the lightbulb went off. C'mon, Max. First I watch you dive headfirst out the window fifteen stories up like you're Rocky the flying squirrel. Then, I found this in your apartment. The other one like you... Suppose I could help you locate the other ones. Only when I meet someone I have to know everything about. No, I meant this. C'mere, I want to show you something. I haven't been able to get you off my mind. I'm sorry. It wasn't my intention. But I had to see you. Look, if I made you nervous or uncomfortable or creeped you out-- It's alright, Peter, we're fine. You're that nervous, you're welcome to stay here. That would be appropriate, yes. So saw my hands off, I left you a present. You make it sound I pawed through your priceless collection of underwear. Bent? Me? You're the one who tried to rip off this piece. It was open. I'm not a half bad cook. Ever notice how cats always seem to turn up around dinner time? Yeah... You accept the way things are, you're an active participant in making it worse. Something. People had a choice, even if they took it for granted. And now they don't. Look around at all this... Built by people who got up every morning and worked hard trying to make a better life. Then the bomb happened and everyone got scared. They blinked and before they knew it they'd given away the store to a bunch of thugs who were happy to take it off their hands. Overnight the government, the police, everything intended to protect the people had been turned against them. Fortunately, my needs are met in that department. One of my sources. Her husband was murdered by Edgar Sonrisa. Lauren's not my wife. Too early to tell. Now you know who I am, where I live. I figured I better find out who I'm dealing with in case you were looking to hurt me. Wasn't that hard. The one you're wearing? Can we go somewhere and talk? Logan Cale. We didn't get a chance to finish our conversation the other night. Who is... So, what, you liked it because it was shiny? You have good taste. French, 1920's, attributed to Chitarus. We're just a little tense right now... It's okay. You're lucky. I almost pulled the trigger. I was expecting someone else. Thank God. You're a thief? I'll wait. Any idea when she'll be back? I need to talk to her. But she does work here? Know where I can find her? I'm looking for a lady who works here.This. Okay, okay. I can explain... You ever have to do something you really don't want to? No? Yeah. Bruno's girlfriend. This won't hurt. Triple dose of insulin, you'll go into a coma, couple minutes you'll stop breathing and on a busy night, the coroner will probably mistake it for an O.D. Plus, it's way classier than blowin' your brains out. Who's Camille? Ass like your, I can see why he's worried you'll punk. He's got exposure. He sees you starin' at fifteen to life, there's a chance you could roll over, cop a plea, who knows? Man's figured the odds...and he can't take a chance. This is what your life's worth, Bruno. I'm outta Portland. Sonrisa didn't want local talent. Security camera got you coming outta the stairwell, weapon in your hand, going to room one-oh-four and greasing the patient. It's embarrassing to the professional community, is what it is. I'm hired to do a piece of work, my mark goes down and stays down. Your's makes it to the hospital where you then gotta go finish the job. Only the cops got the whole thing on video tape. You can hardly blame him, the way you've been taking care of business...or should I say, not taking care of it. See what you don't know is you're already in the last two minutes of your life. You haven't figured this out yet, have you? You walk in here thinking you're gonna cap her then cap me and take the money back to your boss with your tail wagging... But see it's really the other way around. You think I'm the whack, when actually you're the whack. That's not why we're here. Actually, that's not gonna be necessary. I like to keep it professional, that's all. Sooo...whattya think? Maybe after I betray the woman who trusts me and you take her and her daughter out and execute them...we could go on a date. Play a little miniature golf or somethin'. Yeah? Yeah, sure, I understand. Or we could go another way 'cause your boss seems to like my face just the way it is. Now that that's out of the way... You want the woman, here's how it works. You pull fifty large out of your mattress or wherever, and I make a call to bring her in. I'm on a break. Don't look down. Unless you wanna end up in jail, let me and Kendra handle the cops. Out there. No time. It's a sweep. C'mon. Police drone. I live here... Guess I don't have to ask what you're doing here. I'm really glad we're having this conversation. You're right. I was angry at you. But talking about it-- The scales have fallen from my eyes and I see now that it was all my fault. Can you ever forgive me? Why would I be pissed? I got overhead... You're light a deuce. It's a rule. I don't get involved with guns. Later. I ain't mad at you... A grand. Thought I'd let you have first crack... Later. Thought so. Turned out he wanted me for something else though. I didn't. It was a present from a guy. Every week. Just thought maybe he'd like a little coffee with his saliva. And for all his cattin' around, not much of a stick man either. He's a mistake I made about six months before you did. But don't feel bad. Justine made the same mistake, along with Renee, Jada, Tia, Brooke-- Yeah, me too. I made you coffee. That oughta help you cope with the injustice of the world a little. Hang on, Lauren. We're conferencing in Sophy. Look, we gotta keep the momentum up here, not give her a chance to think. If she hears her kid's voice... Like I said-- This isn't my regular line of work so I'm making it up as I go. We're not going that route. Sonrisa's not someone you make deals with. Look, I'd really like to... Your daughter's the only leverage they have to keep you quiet. I know. Damn... Are you alright? SHHH! Don't do that! Zack... He made it... He's alive... Civilization as we know it is unraveling before our eyes. But Logan and Max, with a song in their hearts are gonna march into battle to keep that from happening. And you still think you can do something to change that. We're quoting Mom again. And I feel real bad about all that but it doesn't mean I need to get involved. Look, thank you for this but-- I don't know what to say. What's this? That's what soldiers do, right? Well, not me personally. You believe that? I'm sorry. I would've come sooner, but...I didn't... How're you doin'? See you're back and still rocking the boat. That's deep. But before you lecture me about the meaning of life maybe you oughta get one...ta ta. They've lost track of me and I plan to keep it that way. They want me...bad. Or at least they don't want me grabbed up by the Chinese or whoever. Best case, I wind up back in that facility. More likely, it's a long drive out in the country, if you know what I mean. I didn't make it this far by attracting a lot of attention. Yeah, I catch your hacks. He's Satan's lap dog, or something. That's low, but this effects me how exactly? I already don't like the sound of this. What's in it for you? You said you could help. Christmas is a snap when you got no parents or relatives, just a bunch of gene sequences from probably twenty different people. Your basic hodge-podge. Yeah...a made-up creature. Like in mythology...with the head of a lion, the body of a goat and the tail of... I know they made me. Even got the label on my neck to prove it. I remember fine. I just didn't understand what was going on. They never told us anything except what to do. It took me a long time afterwards to figure things out. We got separated right away. I never knew how many made it. Not that I don't enjoy a good urban legend now and then but what does any of this have to do with me? I don't know what kind of game you're playing here but I'm out because you are a whack-job. You did go through my stuff. You lost me. The other ones? Expensive gifts, surprise late-night visits, over-the-top flattery... You always come on this strong? Gold leaf, art nouveau, French, early nineteen hundreds... I could probably fence this for three or four grand. You need to get out more. You'd think a guy who's taken on the job of saving the world would have a few more important things to do than traipse around after some girl. Yes on all counts. We are not fine. Whoa there, Tex! We've been through all this. How'm I s'posed to ever sleep there again knowing some pervo's probably touched everything I own? Am I s'posed to be grateful? How do I know you didn't? Bent. Completely different situation. I steal things in order to sell them. For money. It's called commerce. But some stranger sneaking into a girl's bedroom is...bent. You got a lotta nerve. Like following me around and pestering the people I work with wasn't bad enough, but breaking into my apartment-- I won't be staying. Is the social studies class over for today? Personally, I'm more interested in going fast on my motorcycle or climbing the Trans American building with my pals. Instead of giving myself a headache over stuff I can't do anything about. So what are you gonna do about it? You miss the good ol' days. Even though there were still poor people who died from diseases when they didn't have to. And rich people spent obscene amounts of money redecorating their houses to match the cat. Those good ol' days? So, what, you just like the sound of your own voice? What's your shot in all this? Being a famous, anonymous, underground, pirate, cyber-journalist can't be much of a payday. Girlfriend? How does Mrs. Eyes Only like being married to a guy on everybody's hit list? So now you tracked me down. What d'ya think? Am I s'posed to be flattered by all the attention? How'd you find me? Lemme get my coat. Sorry about your window. Original Cindy, say hi to my good friend-- So this guy walks into a bar and says... The goddess who comprehends all goddesses, eye of Ra, protector, avenger, and destroyer, giver of life, who lives forever... I could keep going. No, because it's the Egyptian goddess Bast. Whoever that is. I'm sorry if I caught you at a bad time. Guess it wasn't the pizza delivery guy. First time I ever heard that. Girl's gotta make a living. And if I ever catch you coming near my man again... Say the words, "I understand." Now, here's how it's gonna be, Lydia. You're gonna take your threats and your acrylic nails, and you're gonna go home and figure out your marriage, instead of trying to make other people feel as miserable as you do, understand? This is not a place you wanna go. I think you should go now. Big part of loving someone's being able to forgive them. Well, it's over between you and him. We're getting married next month. And so should you. Sketchy told me I could expect a visit from you. I know all about how you threatened him. That if he didn't break it off with me, you'd save him the trouble. Look, I don't know what you want-- How do I know you're telling the truth? You said you knew where my fiance was the other night. Who are you? What do you want? Who is it? I'm on my way. Just give it to me. I'll remember. Zero... C'mon, Dan I don't have all day. Just do it... Five-seven-five-oh- eight... I need a favor... I need you to trace a number for me. You and me both. Bastard... You're crazy. Like you said, maybe somebody's tracking one of your investigations. How's this about me? Here's your money. As long as you're okay. More money... Like I'm shocked to hear you say that. You were gonna run through the law enforcement databases for a match on identifying marks. What about the other kids? You get anything on them? She was a nurse. She must've lived near there, somewhere, near the... ...the clinic. There must be some registry of nurses or medical technicians or whatever for Wyoming. Nothing on Hannah? Then what? Thank you. Who's this guy? This isn't who we're looking for...her name was Hannah. Sorry, I was seven at the time. My name's not kid. It's client. As in the person who pays for your opulent lifestyle. Now, you got something for me or not? Yeah, does kinda break the elegant atmosphere you got goin' on here. You did. But, of course, there's nothing self- serving in that scenario. Besides, think of the drama I'm sparing Natalie. They don't have a lot of moving parts. They're prisoners to their genes. And because I actually kinda feel sorry for guys sometimes. And because he's my friend. Yeah, 'cause maybe he's learned his lesson. It's a secret. Gotta go. A fog bank. Because you're probably my closest friend in the whole world. A long time. If I knew what you were saying, I wouldn't be asking. A little what? Yeah. No. Tell me the truth. Am I a female fog bank? That's odd... I just don't go in with any expectations. What guys do. 'Nother order. Straight. At least he didn't swing with your ride. Morning, Sunshine... Okay...idea. Compromise, right? Bruno here comes with me. He holds the money until mommy shows up, then we close escrow. What you do with her after I'm gone doesn't keep me awake nights. Can you put that in a bag or something? She's gonna want to hear for herself. She's gonna need to know that her little girl's alright. I have sincere eyes. I told her it's just business to you, that all you want is a reasonable solution to this. You give her daughter back, she agrees to leave the country. I play the guarantor, drive her down to Mexico tonight, and put her on a train to Brazil or wherever. Look, you're a player... I'm bringing you this on a plate, and my fee is just the normal cost of doing business. What, you gonna put me on your Christmas card list? You're gonna pay me fifty thousand dollars... Only way you're ever gonna find out is reincarnation... Fact is, you are gonna pay me, and I am gonna provide you with a service. Right after you change your wardrobe, your personality and drop about thirty pounds. Not right now. Yeah, I can see to it your winning streak continues. You can tell 'em yourself tomorrow. Here's the dealio on Eyes Only. He's probably some wack rich dude sitting around in a trick-ass apartment, bored stupid. So he gets off on scarin' the poop outta folks like you-- I gotta go. Don't believe everything you hear on TV. Probably a touch of what's going around. Playing hooky again? It's payday, need me to pick up your check? Shut-up... Say the words, "I understand." You were trying to have it both ways and you were being completely selfish. And if I ever find out you're going out the back door on Natalie again, you're the one who's gonna be hanging by your ankles three stories up. Understand? None of this would've happened if you had exercised even a smidgen of good judgement or self-restraint, which you didn't. You would be making a mistake to come away from this thinking she's the villain in the piece... You are. Lydia may not have been one of humanity's finer specimens but-- Easy Sketchy. You don't. I'll give it my best shot. And we're sure Lydia's gonna make her move? How'd you get her out of town? Or, I dissolve into an angry, hysterical wreck who never wants to see your lying ass again, which is probably what would really happen. --a philandering pig. You set up on Lydia. When she's on her way over to the apartment you give me the heads up. I answer the door and pretend to be Natalie. And why should she? What happens if you level with her? Fight fire with fire. Threaten to go to her husband. A toy? And Lydia telling Natalie the truth makes you a victim in what way? Does this person have a name? Then a sympathetic mouth, then a sympathetic-- And you were a sympathetic ear. Really? Here it comes. The part where the guy turns everything around. You left out condescending. Or do you think we're just so grateful to have one of you idiots we'll look the other way, which is arrogant and condescending. Do guys actually believe their lame, self- serving excuses? I don't see how you cheating on Natalie involves me. You blew off your girlfriend last night, even though it was the big one-oh. I'd be pissed off too if I was her. What's up? Hey, Sketchy-- Right, the big one-oh. Quitting time. Grab a cold one? Catch you back at the wall. Theo's dead. I'm taking the rest of the day off 'cause I'm not feeling so hot. Tell him I took the day off 'cause I wasn't feeling so hot. I don't know how to break this to you, Normal, we're all looking for another job. How 'bout you don't break my sneakers on this. The guy is seriously not well. He's sick. I don't sleep... Theo asked me to pick up his check. What's the difference if I'm on call here or deployed in the field. I was on call.What're you lookin' at me for? I'm not his next of kin. Anyway, I don't got that kind of cash lyin' around. Yeah, well around here, I'm the Most High... From now on, before you do anything, call in for instructions. Which is none of your business...or mine. So you just decided to return it to the sender. Or, in this case, the sender's wife. None. Max something. I got no clue where she stays. Can't help you. She may be easy on the eyes but she's trouble, trust me. Hot run to two-oh-two Sansomme. You don't want to. Ladies would be elsewhere. Hot run to 842 Beulah, corner of Haight... And you can tell your pal Theo he just got his worthless ass fired. Not that he cares but the wife and kid might. What about this? Fourteen-thirteen Market. Get a signature, then take it to this address... By the way, that guy who was in here sniffing after you yesterday called twice already. You tell Theo he's not in tomorrow he can start looking for another job. For a change. And Theo can't pick up his own check because?... More like deployed in bed asleep. I want you on call here. This is a hot run. Beat it. You're late.That was extreme! Did you see that one guy-- Okay, okay, okay-- True, but-- She was the one-- She's toxic...monster in bed, but toxic. No, I'm serious. That psycho got exactly what she deserved... Yes. You rock, Max. You... Rock... Max, what did I do to deserve a friend like you? She came by the apartment once already. Fortunately, I'd disconnected the doorbell as a precaution... Lydia's not gonna back off until she gets her pound of flesh. Convinced her she needed to visit her mom in San Mateo. I just don't want Natalie to ever find out. She deserves better. But you explain that you're a compassionate and understanding person who can find it in your heart to forgive me. She tells you how I've been-- So you're straight on how this is gonna go down. Look Max, I made a terrible mistake. One I'll never, ever make again. Natalie and I are soulmates. I know that now. She's the woman I want to spend the rest of my life with. I guess it took the thought of losing her for me to understand that. Even if she doesn't dump me, which is unlikely, she'd never be able to trust me again. Who either doesn't care, or could have me killed. Either way, Natalie's still gonna find out. She's as much as said so. But she doesn't want to share her toy with anyone else... It's just an ego thing with her. I'm a toy to her. Lydia. She had me followed the other day and found out about Natalie. Now, this person's demanding I blow her off or she'll do it for me by telling Nat about us. Exactly. Hear me out. This person I've been seeing is a Jam Pony client who happens to be married-- I'm the victim here. But there's another side-- Lame, self-serving, arrogant...guilty as charged. Max-- I know what you're thinking. But the truth is, this other person is not someone I'm in love with. As a matter of fact, after what she just did, she's not even someone I like much. So in a technical sense, I'm not sure you could call me and her cheating...officially. Not half as pissed as she's gonna be when she finds out why I blew her off... I need your help, Max. We gotta talk. But I'll take a rain check... I gotta meet Natalie for dinner. Later.Tell everybody hey. What if he's on the level? I know what I got, Max. They put me back on that drug they're giving the other vets. Only the guy does those cable hacks says the stuff's no good. Feel like the dog's dinner. You're the best, Maxie.One-seven-four-nine-five Natoma. Got a pencil? Sure you wanna be havin' this conversation over the phone? I'm sorry I couldn't come up with something more positive. Your fiance has four previous wives. His M.O. is to clean 'em out and take off. Which is what you oughta do. I'm you, I take that money and get outta town while you can. Hardware's too sophisticated. It's gotta be the government. And why do I think they're looking for you? They lifted my wallet to make it look like a robbery. But there's a bug in my computer keyboard, a tap on the phone and a mike in the light fixture. Whoever tossed this place wants you. And I'm looking to stay outta the line of fire. I don't know what your story is and I don't want to. I'll live... Regarding your case...I'm afraid I've come up with some bad news on your fiance. Lemme get the file. Nothing so far from arrests, hospital admissions or coroners. This kind of search...it's heavy spadework. I'm gonna need-- They don't exactly have a search engine for finding a bunch of kids with bar- codes on their necks, which is something I'm not even going to ask about-- Only a last name would be nice. Or the nearest town to this...clinic. A nuclear airburst wipes out every record of every kind in every computer east of the Rockies, and you want me to find some woman you met when you were seven, whose last name you don't even know... Maybe if you could give me something more on her...anything you can remember, some detail... Then what? That's it. That's all I got. Guy says he made the trade in Gillette, Wyoming sometime in the fall of oh-nine. He says he got it from a woman. Doesn't remember her name but she fits the description you gave like a glove. He got the car in a trade for his old pick-up and some food...no bill of sale or nothing. It was right after the pulse so all the DMV records were wiped. So we don't get anything on the seller. Except I actually managed to find this guy, six hours on the phone... Say thank you. I got a hit on the car. An oh-five Tahoe, blue, with Wyoming tags... AGT349... It wasn't easy 'cause you were off in one of the numbers. Right here someplace. You got a punk-ass mouth on you, kid. You drive away business roarin' in like that. I asked you to keep that thing outside.