If you don't mind, perhaps I could pay you another visit sometime. Thanks, Miz Wilkes, but I don't want to take up any more of your time. I best be going. You got a point there... Must get lonely, living out here all by yourself. Sounds good. Sure. I'm not much of a critic. Well... ...maybe it takes time to get the hang of it. Sure. Thank you. Excuse me, that's not exactly the kind of information I was after. You see, he's been missing for quite some time now, and... Anything you can tell me might help. I was just wondering if you happen to know anything about Paul Sheldon. Sorry, didn't mean to startle you. You didn't give me a chance to knock. There's that spice again. I'm not sure. Maybe nothing. That thing. Here it is. Right where it's supposed to be. How many times do I have to tell you-- I have a system here. Where the hell is that thing? Just leave it, all right? "There is a justice higher than that of man--I will be judged by Him." They're hauling Misery into court. "There is a justice higher than that of man. I will be judged by Him." Now, you see, it's that kind of sarcasm that's given our marriage real spice. Virginia, I'm flattered you think I got that much energy. I just figured if I can't find Paul Sheldon, at least I can find out what he wrote about. Hey, Jim, what's doing? Uh-huh... uh- huh... Jim, we've been over this. If you're gonna have benches in front of your store, people are gonna sit on them. I don't like him either, but I'm not going to come over there and tell him to move. Give my best to Denise. Bye. There's two kinds of people that drive around in old cars: the ones that can't afford new ones, and the ones who wouldn't give 'em up for anything in the world. That second bunch don't drive around with twenty- five-year-old dents. He might well be. But not the way they say. He didn't crawl out of that car by himself. You saw those dents on the door--someone pulled him out. Just from his agent. Hope not--if he is, he's dead. Let's go to the newspaper office. Could be--or a rotten branch or a mountain lion could have landed on it. Could be a lot of things. Stop--stop right here. Virginia, when you're in this car, you're not my wife, you're my deputy. Work, work, work. Virginia? When was that blizzard? G'bye, Ms. Sindell. You think he might be missing? I don't know. Does he always phone you when he checks out of hotels? Yeah, I understand he's been up here the last six weeks. People sure like those Misery books. He's your client, huh? Paul Sheldon? You mean Paul Sheldon the writer? I'm sure you're right. So do I... No long-distance phone calls, Federal Express packages--anything at all out of the ordinary? Maybe you can, Libby. Oh. That kind. Nothing odd about that. Newspapers? Has she been buying any odd things lately? You wouldn't happen to remember if Miz Wilkes bought one, would you? Do you have any of those new Paul Sheldon books? Answer me a couple things? Hey, Pete.You did perfect. Except for one thing. This time we need two glasses. You'll know everything in a minute. Get the champagne. I'm almost done. Dome Pear-igg-non it is. You don't know? You'll know very soon. I'm starting the last chapter. And when I finish, I want everything to be perfect. I'll require three things. It will. I'm glad you like it. Maybe. Are you ready for the next chapter? Maybe. Three more chapters to go. It's almost done. By dawn we'll be able to give Misery back to the world. I know you do. I love you too, Annie. And you're right. We are meant to be together. And I know we must die. But it must be so that Misery can live. We have the power to give Misery eternal life. We must finish the book. Be my guest. Oh, no reason, you keep me prisoner, you make me burn my book, you drive a sledgehammer into my ankles... Why, what are you going to do? Kill me? Take your best shot. I don't know, it's weird, but a couple of broken bones hasn't done a lot for my creative juices. Get the fuck out of here. Why would I run away? I'm a writer, Annie--it's all I am--and I've never written this well--even you said that this is my best, didn't you? I don't know what you're talking about. No, I haven't. What? It is. Why would I want to leave? I like it here. Why would you lose me? Annie, what is it? I think you're right. To Misery. It's perfect. Absolutely. Listen, if you can't find any, it's okay. I just thought it might be nice. Well, it certainly says you. Did you study decorating, or do you just have a flair? Wait, let's do this right. Do you have any candles? Yes, to Misery. Let me pour you some more wine. Annie, I think we should have a toast. Oh. You can't get this in a restaurant in New York. I've never had meatloaf this good, what do you do to it? It looks wonderful. And so do you. To celebrate Misery's return. I couldn't have done it without you. Whenever he played Radio City, who do you think was right there in the front row? Have to wait. ...have to wait. Yeah, yeah... Well, is it fair? Should I keep going? Nothing. What about a bee...? I said that? The what? I'm telling you, I can't. I can't write this anymore. They always cheated like that in cliff-- --chapter plays. --cliff-hangers-- --not fair? I really value your criticism, but maybe you're being a little hasty here. What? What happened to "I'll treasure whatever you do?" Yeah, well I wouldn't expect too much. I want my pain to go 'way, Annie-- make it go 'way, please Annie-- --please... I want my pills NOW! You know goddamn well what I've been doing--I'VE BEEN SITTING HERE SUFFERING. I need my pills. Annie, what's the matter? No, just the paper will be fine. I thought you'd be interested. I'd like you to be in on everything, Annie. Not just the finished book, but how it's written. C'mere, I'll show you. You did great, except there's just one little thing--I can't work with this paper. It's Corrasable Bond, it smudges. Maybe you could go back into town and bring me some white, long-grained mimeo. It's two of the letters in my favorite nurse's name, Annie. Great. I guess you don't get bothered by neighbors much. You do understand that this isn't the ordinary way books get written-- I mean, some people might actually consider this an oddball situation. You just expect me to whip something off, that it? Misery's Return? Work? You mean write? What in the world do you think I'd write? Set what up? If I knew this was gonna be the surprise, you could've gotten me to burn all my books. Great. I've always wanted to visit the other side of the room. Great. I don't know. You're right. You're right. I don't know what I was thinking. I'll tell you what. It doesn't have to be published. Nobody ever has to see it. I'll just keep it for myself. No one will ever have to know it exists. You know, Annie, this book never would have survived without you. When it gets to new York, there will be a big auction, and whatever it brings we can split. God knows you're entitled to it. No big deal. This isn't difficult, my agent's made dozens of copies. There's gonna be an auction on this, and every publishing house in New York is reading it now. So if you want me to burn it, fine. You're not ridding the world of anything. You want me to burn my book? You want me to burn my book? Show me the way? I don't suppose I could have a little snack while I wait for the surprise? Perfect. No one--she just died--she slipped away, that's all. I DIDN'T... Annie, in 1871, women often died in childbirth, but her spirit is the important thing, and Misery's spirit is still alive-- Well, I hope you like it. Well, it's not something you should enter into lightly. Yeah, thanks. I'm... I know how that can be. The Sistine Chapel? She's a fine... uh... pig is what she is... I'm getting to believe you. Misery? My pleasure. You'd be amazed at what some people will believe. Well, you can't believe everything you read in magazines. I can live with "great." I guess that means it's okay. I was supposed to be home for her birthday three days ago. My daughter must be going nuts. The phones are working? Then the roads are open... It's fine. Well, these are slum kids, I was a slum kid, everybody talks like that. The profanity bothers you? Pretty rough so far. I can take it, go ahead. No, what is it? But what? It's crazy, but I don't really know, I mean I haven't written anything but "Misery" for so long that--you read it you can tell me what you think it's about. Maybe you can come up with a title. I don't have a title yet. I have a hard and fast rule about who can read my stuff at this early stage--only my editor, my agent, and anyone who saves me from freezing to death in a car wreck. You want to read it? When do you think the phone lines'll be back up? I have to call my daughter, and I should call New York and let my agent know I'm breathing. You're very kind... I didn't know it was going to be a big storm. Say that last part again, I didn't quite hear-- Following me? Will I be able to walk? Shouldn't I be in a hospital? What are they...? --my number one fan. How long...? I am. Well, maybe not completely-- Gee, Marcia, if I didn't know you better, I'd think you were suggesting I dredge up the worst horror of my life just so we could make a few bucks. I like it. Remember how you once said I live my whole life as if I'm in danger of being found out? Well, I believe I've managed to get that guy down on paper. Don't think I'm completely nuts, but in some way, Annie Wilkes, that whole experience, helped me. I'm delighted the critics are liking it, and I hope the people like it, too. But it's not why I wrote the book. Great. That'd be a first. Yeah. They're in the semis. Sorry I'm late. Jenny's basketball game went into overtime. If anybody ever told me I'd have a daughter who'd get a triple double, I'd... Marcia, why are you doing this to me? Don't you know I'm scared enough? Don't you think I remember how nobody gave a shit about my first books? You think I'm dying to go back to shouting in the wilderness? I'm doing this because I have to. Now, I'm leaving for Colorado to try to finish this and I want your good thoughts--because if I can make it work ... I might just have something that I want on my tombstone. Marcia, you know I started "Misery" on a lark. Do I look like a guy who writes romance novels? Do I sound like Danielle Steel? It was a one- time shot and we got lucky. I never meant it to become my life. And if I hadn't gotten rid of her now, I'd have ended up writing her forever. For the first time in fifteen years, I think I'm really onto something here. Marcia, please. I haven't been a writer since I got into the Misery business-- When I wrote my first book, I used to carry it around in this while I was looking for a publisher. That was a good book, Marcia. I was a writer then. An old friend. I was rummaging through a closet and it was just sitting there. Like it was waiting for me.No, the typing kind. Miz Wilkes? Same old stuff. --Lest you call paper odd. Are you kidding? Every time that fella writes a book, she makes me set aside the first copy. We had a batch. Sold 'em all in three days. If I can. Buster.