I said, I ain't got you... No, I ain't got you... But I ain't got you...Thanks for the promotion, man. Could somebody tell me what's going on? Like slo-owly ... Right away! Julian's happy as long as he doesn't see glass shatter. Tell me about it. Name's Kyle Troy. Can't we bring up the bass. I haven't seen her around, and as for who would want to kill Johnny Crunch, line forms to the left. You'd find less people on our planet who wanted him alive. You gotta shave before you leave the house in a dress like that and I don't mean your legs. Why didn't you jump on her? What's happening to you? Man, ever since old Jack Grendel died, Julian has got me into one yummy gig after the other. Not only am I producing, he's got me in some lovely-bullshit-money-money executive position. What are you looking at... Damn, Ford, you're the most cynical man in the industry and that's not easy.I ain't -- got -- you. I said, I ain't got you... No, I ain't got you... But I ain't got you... Thanks, I needed that. What did these Vancouver factories do? Hold that thought. Are we being shot at? What cheap shit... hey, waiter! But I am... Lots of things. Her favorite yogurt. The ten drummers she would take to a desert island... Have what? I'll buy you a new one. I found her. Thanks for the information. Appreciate it. Question one: Can I have some money? Kidding. Why didn't you tell me about you and Johnny? You two were into something even more dangerous than sex, weren't you? Who? What? Where? How? Now. They did one of these about my ex- wife. It's called 'The Nutcracker.' 'The Nut-crack-er'... I don't need money. I need some questions answered. Listen, Queen Collie, I have a code. I never, ever, drop a case. Besides, I, uh, used all your money to pay my bills, so I kinda owe you. Ouch... Of course I want off the case. Some monster from Woodstock tried and succeeded in killing me tonight. The fact I'm alive's a technicality. I'm sorry, that's gotta be a pair of tube socks he has down there. Colleen and Johnny, sitting in a tree, k-i-s-s-i-n-g... Nuthin'. Ah, the Dorothy Chandler. I was just there with my good friend Art Mooney the other night... Oh... I have some questions. Yeah, but of course for now, I only get a twenty. Let's see, you're her worried sister. Yesterday I met her worried father who incidentally was about five years younger than you. In fact, I capped off the evening by watching him get electrocuted. They talk about cases like this in the private eye handbook... something about a ten-foot pole. No thanks. I carry my own. Zuzu Petals. You want me to rescue her from the gorgeous hell that is L.A. Now that we've broken the ice... Poor taste. I know. Listen, I respect homosexuals. When I was young, my maid was a homosexual. My maid was a homosexual. Some fag. Charged me up the ass. Oh, that! Don't take it personally. He always wakes up before I do. Down boy! Roseanne Barr naked! I don't know, I never met your father. Sorry about the glass. And the house. And the breath. Don't say it. Orange juice? No prob... Hey, Don, how's the high blood pressure. Have a copy of that sent to me, will ya? I never thought I'd be jealous of your handicap... Sorry to hear about Bobby Vomit. I've heard cars fuck with more harmony. Great pipes. I guess I'm not interested in any club who'll have my member as a member. Later, Don... I'm not cynical. Can I help it that life is a disease and everyone's a victim. So you're producing exclusively for Grendel Records now. Hope you're taking Julian for a bundle. So many assholes, so few bullets. Let's get hitched. I guess I, you know, love you. It's a beautiful thing. After their initial investment in the factory, Grendel didn't need them. Told them to fuck off. They tried to get these C.D.s together in order to have proof of Grendel's involvement, so they could keep him in line. Now's the fun part... Without Grendel knowing about it. B-I-N-G-O and Bingo was his name-O. Counterfeit C.D.s. Tape piracy has graduated to disc piracy, the sound quality's better, and so's the money. Yeah, Colleen mentioned it. What do they make? What an interface! Your timing swallows the massive one. Grendel just tried to kill us, he's about to frame and kiss Don, and we can't do shit. Don't even ask about those discs. Goddamn that Art Mooney with a star by his name! It's tied to Johnny's C.D., I know. Su-ure. Two people hired me to find Zuzu in order to get hold of one of those discs and Colleen threw a tizz when we took hers. Obviously, all this binary disc shit is pretty mighty. But it's not necessary. People are dead. One was a friend. The same people were involved in a scam to rip off Grendel Records. Bottom line's Julian Grendel is doing a little revenge number... Aha, just what I suspected! I've always said the one reason I'm the best detective in the industry is that I'm the only one... but hey, I never throw away a clue... Oh, Jazz, those bastards... call an ambulance! Get that music off! What are you doing at the office? You wouldn't believe what I've gone through tonight... I'm calling from the Mega Beta Pogo Sorority. Let's get her out of here, before she starts a shoot-out. Drop us at my place. Lieutenant Anus has discovered the cold-blooded killer behind everything. Yeah, let's bury her. Then I guess her case is closed. Mine isn't. I want to know why everybody wants Zuzu. Why people are killing and dying for her. I don't know, what was the case? I like. What did you... Hey, where's your spex? I'm sorry, that dress. What do you say we... I wish I knew. You did good work... A fucking C.D. Wow, this case is closed. So, she's got bad taste in music and in men... Did I tell you she and Johnny were lovers and that they were into something and he got killed for it? How'd you get this from her? Why did you interrupt? Maxwell seemed like he wanted to hire me. And it's good to see you, Julian. This is my assistant, Jazz. You going to be okay? This Colleen Sutton woman I'm with. If she flees me to go powder her whatever, I need you to keep tabs... Sorry, Jazz. After this, I'll throw a burger down your throat, okay? Cool. Jazz, meet me at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion tonight. I'll have a ticket for you at the door. Some concert. Could be interesting. Dress nice. Tonight after I see Don. Some Beverly Hillbilly just hired me to find you-know-fucking-who. Name's Colleen Sutton. Quiet. Tell me you tapped in the police computer and found out lots of good stuff about Art Mooney... Keep it. It's your paycheck this month. Ah -- ha... You know, you should think about dating Earthmen again. I love you, too, baby. He wants to meet at six. What time is it now? Car insurance costs money. Cavities cost money. Doritos cost money. I'm gonna eat that damn bear... come here! Rock stars! I'm going out of my mind. All I get are perks. I don't make money, I make gifts. How am I supposed to pay taxes with bathtub compact disc players and autographed drumsticks. I want cash. Moulah. Wampum. Dead Presidents. Andrew Jackson. Gerald Ford. Fucking Australians! I hate that country, continent, what is it? Don't we do nuclear testing there? I do it for love. Cash or check, Jazz? Don't do this to me. All your friends call you Jazz. Your tip paid off. Jazz, this is Sam the Sleazebag. Sam the Sleazebag, this is Jazz, my secretary. Oh. Three hundred coming right up. You gave it to the girls for one. How much? Scalping to a funeral, you're a pretty sleazy guy. So, Zuzu. Are you okay? Just be thankful he wasn't dissatisfied with his sex life. I'll mail you a letter, come on! ArtArtArtArtMooneyMooneyMooney Mooney. Are you okay? You wish. Come on, let's get outta here. This is fucking unbelievable. Zuzu, it's a long story, you see... I can't kill this kid's father... Hey. God. You're an asshole. I won't ask why you would want to help someone trying to kill you, but hey, good job. Shall we? Why have you come to my planet? Pretty smooth, huh? Ye-ah. As Clark Gable said to Ava Gardner in Mogambo: 'Fuck the purse, we're gonna die-e-e.' No, wait... Sorry, it was dark, now come on. I'm afraid so, you want her? Ye-ah. Zuzu, be quiet. Put in Colleen's disc. Number two. Ye-ah. Sure. My axe! Are you okay? Zuzu, wake up... People still watch that? Stop. We still got serious detective stuff to do, but we've been up all night so we should hit the sack for... Friends? You didn't tell me that. He's the lamest clue I've ever had in my life. Here's our stop... Zuzu Petals, you're not bad. In fact, I was discussing this whole rock-n-roll thing with my pal Art Mooney the other day. You know him? You know rock-n-roll? Darlin', I've been in the music industry for as long as you've lived. I've seen things you can't even have nightmares about... but then I guess I'm just not equipped to know the industry the way you do... How is it you can look at that HairHead and see God, when all I see is a lucky asshole from Reseda. What? Jesus, tell me! You hung out with Bobby Vomit. Who would want him dead? Uh... wha? You're supposed to answer those questions, not ask 'em. I take it a woman named Colleen Sutton is not your big sister and that the late D.J. Johnny Crunch ain't your daddy? Let's get serious... You okay? Give me your gum and grab the wheel. What? A simple 'please' would suffice... Zuzu Petals! Zuzu Petals! Yes! Who killed Bobby Vomit? Who killed Johnny Crunch? Why do people want you so goddamn bad? I need someone to help me with my case load, you interested? This whole father/son thing, if you're not into it, I mean, it's okay. You know what I'm saying? He, he, lives in South America... he's doing that anthropologist- archeologist-dentist kind of thing ... he's real busy. Hey, I love you, too, you little jerk. Jesus, guy tries to make a commitment and he's gotta eat shit. It's me. Good news is that yeah, I found him. The bad news is... Well, I got some good news and some bad news. Yeah, uh, I got some pretty good leads... And hey, I appreciate it... Jesus, how could you be so stupid? Come on, we're going to a hospital. Run to the nearest phone and call the police. Shut up, you dummy. Who did this to you? I don't need it that bad. Holy Colonel Mustard. Gosh, you didn't mention the big clue... Kid, I can't take your money. Did he just say what I think he said? Twelve pack? Hey, you, get off my cloud. I'm talking to my friend. 1962 Fender Stratocaster with original humbucking pick-ups, maple neck, strung upside down for a left- handed motherfucking genius... Jimi Hendrix. Well what is it? I'm not Kreskin. Why am I what? Excuse me? I catch you saying the F-word again. I'll kill you. That's a fucking promise. Now get the fuck out of here. I'll give you a gut feeling, you little... Hey... hey ! Get that stick out of your mouth. These things are killers, man. Don't you go to school, listen to Smokey the Bear and all that... Tell me, Dr. Watson, what makes you think he's not just another piece of shit overdose. Once I got an anonymous letter saying that the world would be destroyed by a giant purple raindrop. I didn't even buy a fucking umbrella... You were in too many discos during the seventies. The Village People rotted your brain. Really? That's okay. I'm quitting the music detective business to become a cop killer. Pay's the same, but it'll be much more fun. You were the lead sing -- Lieutenant, I didn't think anyone could cheer me up tonight... Thanks. Really. I was about to say he looked like shit, but hey, sure, he looked like you. Yeah, and that lead singer, Jesus, that white Van McCoy wanna-be with the six-inch platform shoes. He looked... Disco Ex -- man, that group sucked like a squid, they had some shitty single they wanted me to plug, back in my publicist days... Why do you hate me? It's gotta be more than Me Private You, You Cop. Why shucks, Lt. Anus, you told me to get the fuck out of here... You gotta admit those are all pretty great reasons... Nice tie, Lt. Anus, sir. Let me go out like a man. You gotta be kidding! This is unfuckingbelievable! I have to start the evening crawling down Capital Records, I shoulda chose suicide then, but oh no, the night was young! Next up, my guitar! The second most important thing I own and now it's toothpicks for the homeless on Hollywood Boulevard! Then, then, after I burned up your brother, Jazz... I should say as a fucking footnote I've usually treated women like shit -- used corsages, the wet spot, you know giving out Domino's Pizza's phone number and saying it's mine... Tonight was different. I felt respect. I felt love. Then Jazz left me... and now I get to die! Okay. 'B-y-e! I want you to say that you're the biggest sissy in the whole wide world. Say cheese... You were saying, snapperhead? I'll bet you're not smiling now! I. Am. The. Biggest. Sissy. In. The. Whole. Fucking. World . The case! I'm off it! Fine! I guess you never saw 'A Very Brady Christmas.' Whatever you're getting paid, I can give you twenty, maybe thirty bucks more. Julian, you're fired. Man, Julian, that accident took away more than your hearing. Yeah, it's pretty amazing how much cash you gotta give to the actual artists who create the music. Those ingrates really take a bite. But seriously, when Pops died, you got Vomit, Crunch, and Sutton to help finance a C.D. Cleans operation. You got greedy and they tried to get the three discs together to threaten you, but... Maybe later, but first I want like to know why you'd steal from your own company... And may I suggest for dessert, the five copies I made... You'd said something about proof... Shit. When I say 'no,' run for the door. Are you okay? What about Don? I just gave up smoking. A last drink? Ah, I didn't say seven P .M., now did I? Okay ! Okay. You got me. Boy, you guys are tough. I have the third disc. Indeed. I. Do. Yes, sir. Yeah you assholes, it's in a very safe place with instructions to have it sent directly to the police if I don't make a phone call by seven o'clock. So if you'll excuse us... Oh God, please, don't ! Yeah, yeah, I know the third one unscrambles the high bits and the low bits. Shit, just start torturing me, man. I didn't even know Johnny had a disc and I can't deal with any 'Don't play games with me, Mr. Fairlane' bullshit. And if I told you that you already knew all that shit, and that you had them killed, what would you do then? Uh, nice piano. Probably get a lot of complaints from the neighbors -- heh... It's another time, Julian, another place. If I told you Bobby Vomit, Johnny Crunch, and Colleen Sutton were the ones you were complaining about, the ones who tried to rip you off, what would your reaction be? Jazz, we're talking here. Yeah, I did, you condescending fuck, but I miss Snoopy coming out at the end. Isn't your enjoyment impaired? Mmmmmmm. Mmmm, mmm. I was just discussing this whole Vomit thing with my friend Art Mooney. Do you know him? I knew your father. He was quite... Boing. You're one hell of a lip reader. How could Grendel Records sign such a wick-prick? I guess Julian Grendel really is deaf as a fucking doorknob. I hear Ray Charles is going to head up the video division. It is to us! It's computerised. Hebedeebuh. Hebedeebuh. Maybe I did die in the explosion. Hey, the poet... I'll tell you when somebody pays me to give a shit and stuff. That's funny, you're cute. Only on a first name basis. You're a poet and didn't know it. Zuzu Petals. Sounds like a drug. A lethal one. I don't take cases with foundations in bullshit. They are very hard to walk around in. 'Bye, Johnny... How nice. Friendship's a lot different out here. A wrong number is a relationship. But then this isn't a social call. Nice getting all those phone calls from you after you hit it big, you Redhook bastard. I don't believe it. Getting paid to be the asshole you always were.I'm still the king! Accident? Accident! You naive pussball, when I realized my life of music could only be a life of music industry. I cut my fucking ears off so I'd only hear my music. Here, look. What is this, are you holding a microphone behind my head? When I was young, I read Billboard and I could not believe how much Grendel Records and how little of it my idiot father Old Jack Grendel got. Fuck me... Oh please, Ford, I'll do any -- Ciao. Oh, wait. One sec. Open the window. Kill them. Not quickly. Before Black Vomit starts its set, Don will have his head blown off. The papers next week will reveal that he was partners with Bobby, Johnny, and Collie in 'the Grendel Records scam.' He killed them to pay off a debt to 'the mob' or something lame like that. And then the mob iced him. It's all more tasteful than it sounds. I'm running a little late. You see, I'm having a party at THE Club to introduce the new lead singer for Black Vomit. Everyone in the industry will be there, including our friend, Don Cleveland. It's 7:30. You really should get a watch. It doesn't have to be like this? Don't play games... ugh. Did you say you don't have the third... ugh. I'm not going to torture you , Ford. Actually you're a bit off in the motivation department... I mean, revenge is so... Bronson. Wait, where's the third C.D.? How could you come here without proof? It's a three piece set here! A computer disc from Colleen, Bobby's computer disc, and Johnny's computer disc. Together they make, oh fucking forget it! Golly, I'd probably faint. Shock. Go on, another time, another place. Don't worry I can run every ballet note for note in my brain... So what did you think of the ballet? Was it like a warm Ice Capades? I must say you're an island of reality in an ocean of diarrhea. Well, hello, Ford. Terrible thing, but good career move. His record sales have gone way up. I'll just have to create a new Black Vomit. An asshole? A swine? A ballistic turd? Pick one. I never knew what a blessing my accident was until he died and I had to take over the company. You see the music is irrelevant in this industry. I'm going to have to ship this 'wick-prick' platinum just so teenage girls can have a compact disc cover to get wet with. Why thank you. It's a Christmas present. That was my sense of humor, everyone. I wish you would fake a laugh. It's easy with a deaf person. Good to meet you, Mr. Fairlane. Your mouth makes quite a reflection. I'm Julian Grendel. Actually that's rather an intriguing idea...I hope you solve the case and I know you will, because you're the best. Ford, guys like you don't grow on trees. I am told it is difficult to pay the phone bill with gold chains and V.C.R.s. There's four thousand here. Just find her, man. She's my daughter, she's my sister, she's my mother, she's some little brat I stood in line with at Taco Bell last week. Do whatever you want with my words. And my money. So... What? It's my daughter, man. I know I never told you about her, but God, I love that girl. She calls herself Zuzu Petals and she's been swallowed up by the gorgeous hell that is L.A. A fucking groupie partying with the pros. You have to get my baby back, she's my pride and -- I don't remember any Arbor Day cards from Mr. Rock 'n' Roll Detective. Fucking amazing, huh? Chevy Nova, you Bensonhurst shit! Still in La-la land. Look at us, two rock 'n' roll dicks. Unfortunately, only one of us is a detective.That's the difference between a great investigator like me and a piece of Spam like you. You look at this picture and all you see is beauty. I see the beast. It's some psycho killer groupie. I got an anonymous letter that says she killed Bobby Vomit, Johnny Crunch, and now, this society dame. God, I wish I could prove you killed everybody. Unfortunately, I know who the real killer is. Have a problem, call Ford Fairlane. He won't solve your case, but who cares, you'll be dead in a couple days anyway. Let's face it. After today, the California Raisins aren't gonna hire you. 'It's booty time, it's booty time, across the U.S.A. It's booty time...' Like me. 'Booty Time.' Two words. Disco Express. If you're hiding something... oh, oh, I'll have so much fun. What are you running from? Get the fuck out of here, honey... What do we got? You think you're so hot just because you can get into any club. You think you're so hot, just because you have sex with great- looking women. You think you're so hot just because you broke the Ensenada tape piracy ring...Hey, they blew me. Three hundred. Thanks. You interested. It's festival seating, so... Got those Vomit invites here...Shut the heck up... Pop. Who's my real father, man? What kind of sentimental bullshit is this? Yeah, go on... So, did you find my dad? Liar! You don't care! About anything. Where's my father? Have you even looked? I tried to help you...! Fuck that, I mean, the heck with that. I kicked their ass! Well, I tried. There were two of them you know... These two guys in long cowboy coats and real nice suits. I think Armani. They were going through your stuff with screwdrivers and shit... I did what you would have done. I'm sorry... You need it. I've got a clue. Look at my ring. Before my old lady ran off to Baja, she told me my dad had this same ring. This ain't no social call. One hundred bucks. To find my father. Who cares? I got a case. Ouch. Forget it. I got something serious to dis-cuss. When you going to let me work with you? Why you always fucking with me? Gut feeling. Fairlane, you gonna find out who killed the lead singer of Black Vomit?