Soon as I rest a bit. I meant as soon as we are back to normal again, anytime. They're too big. Yes. Oh here we go with that. Well, you are his grandfather. He is supposed to spend some time with you. You're supposed to show him those woodsy things and this and that. Why, you don't want us to bring him over? We got the same thing. I hadn't forgotten. I ordered some cloth but it didn't come in and I felt so bad if I would have come to her birthday without that, I just stayed at home. I pay my own way. I tried to call to let you know I was going to be late. I'm cold. I need to get out into the sunlight. I'll drive her to the hospital. My name is Sam. Samuel. I'm leaving and don't even call me when the shoe falls 'cause all he did for me was to try and run my life. I'm tired of people saying Babe Brother this, Babe Brother that. What's my name? I told you about calling me boy. I ain't no boy. See, you and Dad got a bad habit of calling me boy. You call me boy in front of my wife. You think I'm going to fix the roof? I hope the wind blows the whole damn thing off and it pours down rain. You always got the best of it around here and when Dad always talks about my son, it is always you, so you fix the roof. I told her I would if she would give me time. Maybe I can get down there next week. This is what it is all about, trying to keep from being out on the street. Why are you always afraid to get somewhere? You always got something to say. You all don't believe me when I tell you I'm afraid of heights. I guess it proves you really care about me. You hung in there. It was nip and tuck. I couldn't believe the things I was doing. It was like an internal struggle going on inside my body. It was like all those things old country people try to tell you what hell is like. It's like I've been swimming in muddy waters. I have more sense than to give up everything, my family, you and Sunny. It wasn't me, I mean the real me inside my body. I'm glad it's over. It's like a veil has been lifted. You okay? Linda, how come you don't see that Sunny puts his shoes on right? I don't need that kind of love. And I don't want to be reminded all the time that Big Mama's grandmother was born in slavery. If you really care about me, just tell me how I can make money. Why does he always pick on me? I preached to Mom and Dad about it but they are stuck in their ways, it's like talking to a brick. But if there is a way... Pops put Big Daddy's farm in Rhonda's and Sunny's name and fixed it so no one can borrow on it. Will you still get the money from your father? Why don't you come in for a while? I don't see you crying about my drinking it. What is a sip of coffee going to do? My daddy never gave me anything without my having to sweat for it. Every summer, the way they kept me and Junior out of trouble was to send us to Big Daddy's farm. We would get up with the chickens. Every summer the fence had to be repaired. The barn needed a coat of paint. We had to pip all of Big Mama's hundred laying hens and go to church all day on Sunday. For Big Daddy, calluses and sweat were the mark of a man. Sunny will never have to bust his knuckles like we did. Can't I be myself without you jumping in with your right and wrong? The world is not black and white. Show me one perfect person. If you can't, don't ask me to be. I'm busy. Harry is coming to pick me up. I'm going back home with Harry. I need to get my suitcase out of the garage. Doesn't he look a whole of lot better? He will be alright. I was hoping you came to the door instead of him. It gets cold at night. Babe Brother. This would be a bad time for me to leave. I heard his voice as clear as day. I better get back. Maybe something is wrong. I could swear I heard my son call me. Anytime you need someone to do something for you, just let me know. It is just a regular card. What is that? Don't pick up the cards if you are not in the game. Did he die? Did you ever have to use this thing?I'm not here to argue, sir. Well, you just have to move further out. Not anymore, not in the city. You know it is against the city ordinance to keep chickens or live stock.Here I am thinking about myself when poor Harry is resting on the floor of the kitchen. When are you boys going to fix that roof? How come you're not wearing my shoes? Babe Brother, is that my shirt that you're wearing? Junior spends time with his child. No, it's that when do you have time to be parents to him? You guys don't pick him up until nine, ten at night. You are into yourselves, as the saying goes. Spend some time trying to be parents. Take him to the mountains, fishing. You ought to let him get to know nature. What did your wife get her? Your mother asked me not to mention it but your mother's birthday was last week. Since when? That's a lie. What time is it? Do you think you can just treat us like your slave? It's after one. Now how far would further out be? We grow most of our own food. The money I get from social security, my pension and my wife's work, keeps us living on the edge. What choice do people like us have. I always had chickens, ducks and whatnots. It's only a tale. But these are white people, anybody. The punch... I'm almost finished. I'm about to come to the punch line. He's going to check out heaven first. He gets a round trip ticket to heaven. He gets in heaven and finds it just like back home. People dripping with sweat, working in the fields, hardly surviving. He asked a man who was getting a drink of water, "I thought the streets were paved with gold." "They are but you won't see them," he said. "Boy, you got to work day and night cause idleness is sinfulness." So he takes the other half of his ticket and takes the express to hell. He sees people stretched out on their backs kicking back, picking their teeth. "Man, this is a dream." He asked, "What's you'll doing?" They all hollered back, "Sinning." The devil was shaking hands with everyone and came up to him and said, "Please to meet you." He asked, "I thought you'll was supposed to be burning in fire." Someone said, "Man, ain't no fire down here except under that pot of chitlins." The man was going go ask the preacher back on earth... What did you put on it? What happened to your hand? Gal, you're talking to John Henry. When was I sick? What, are you having another party? How is that hen doing? I was meaning to pip her before I fell sick. How is the garden doing? It's good to be able to hear that. I will appreciate that. I have to feed the chickens before they wake everybody up. I'm worn out. Let us go back in before the night of celebration becomes a night of me killing my son. I wouldn't care if I drop dead if he learn something from it. Son, you make me wish I was dead. No, I'm too hot now. Well, it's up to Suzie. Babe Brother is a poor boy. I'm trying to make him a man but you keep babying him. You're always taking his side. He ain't nothing like me. How come a man has to have sons that are day and night apart? You ought to stop protecting him. I'm not going to let him get away with murder. I asked you to wake me when Babe Brother comes. Your feet are cold. Look! Don't try to get ahead by riding our backs. I don't know how two brothers can be so different. Babe Brother and his wife are taking advantage of a situation. I hate to be mean to people but picking Sunny up when they feel like it has to come to an end. Now I'm going to ask him how come he couldn't be at your birthday. My mind plays tricks on me. Is it okay if I take a bath now? I tell you, I feel like a ghost. Haven't the years been good to Hattie? My daddy called me boy up to the time he died. I was always boy to him. You're suppose to teach your children what you know. Junior, I don't have to worry about. Babe Brother is a different story. I tried to teach him right from wrong just like I did his Junior. You and Babe Brother hit it off so well. What could have caused this? I just changed this damn thing. It was slow. Now it seems like everyone is having births at home. Well, I would appreciate that. I was going to get up and get a hen out there for dinner, but time got away. You ought to come hear our preacher. Remember old Cat Iron? Well, our preacher is just as strong. It's the boy next door throwing at his birds. I'm just waiting on him to hit a pane in the window Man, act like this is your home. Man, put your boxes down and stay as long as you like. We have empty rooms since the boys got their own families and moved out. Stay until you feel better? I would like to hear all the news. Why didn't you catch a plane? He knows better. Sunny, apologize to Harry. This is my grandson, Sunny. He is my youngest son's child.We are going where the action is. Ain't that right, Okra? Let's play for a couple of bucks unless you want to start off with two bits and work our way up. What would you give to be rich? I don't want to wear out welcome, but you can stay in someone's heart longer than you can stay in their house. Come with us, boy. We are going to have a good time. You probably heard the wind stirring up those dead leaves over there. Son, would you do me a favor and see if you could turn off that tap in the bathroom. My hand is too weak. And would you do me another favor? I don't like asking this but would you clean the tub for me? I have trouble bending over. Son, I can take everything you got with that deck. It is marked. Now I'm going to show you how to make some money in case you get stuck somewhere. Never play with someone's else's cards. You always get a new deck. Look at this card. See anything? Boy, that is the real South. That is real corn liquor. I don't know what happened to him. He just ran out into the streets. I got some old records I want you to hear. I like the blues sung simply, man and a guitar. Or sung by a woman who had bad luck all her life. Don't ever let anyone tell you his life's story if it is of a weary life full of sadness. When I was a boy, a man told me a story of how he lost all of his sons and I'll be damned if the same thing didn't happen to me. That is called a crab apple switch. It's for those bad acting monkeys and just the thing for a mean dog. Now I don't know if I actually did what I did or got my life and story mixed in with other folk's stories but I seem to recall that I had to use my crab apple on a boy from back home. I was up in Memphis working on the railroad, like your daddy who had an easy job. He would sing a song that had a cadence and we would lay track. Anyway I was coming down Beale Street and I heard this music coming from a saloon. Sure enough it was Emory. My daddy taught both of us to play but Emory was natural at it. Got in a blues band and what not. He and another boy had killed a boy named Hocker sometime back and they balled the Jack leaving town. Emory had lost one eye and had a scar running down his face. Bad luck I would say. He got to drinking that corn liquor. We went to his girl's room and he wouldn't stop drinking. He started talking about the old days and he went mad. He pulled his knife and I got to mine first. The lights went out. Boy, I thought you were about to cross the river. It hasn't been the years; it's been the men in her life. 'Course, you could be right. Your sons are alive. All my sons are dead. You still call him boy. You call Babe Brother boy in front of his wife and son. Everyone has to follow his own plough. A man doesn't have to know how to cut a wick and clean a chimney nowadays. City people don't give a hoot and a holler about the shape of the moon nowadays. You don't plant old ways... ... but, at the end, you find yourself doing what your father did but you have to have the land in you. It's when you want to give the house or farm to the kids and they don't want it. You sell it to a stranger. You worked your whole life, for what? I doubt if people nowadays have knowledge of a victory garden or seen an inch worm. All what we've experienced has no meaning. Course, it is your business, but I feel obliged to tell you that maybe you have not been fair with the boy. Everything these days is made overseas. How often is your wife called to help delivery? Oh, I would feel much at home if you let me get one for you. I haven't wrung a chicken's neck in a month of Sundays. You know, folks would call my daddy to kill their hogs. That used to be my trade from time to time. Next time when I feel a little better perhaps. Good morning. I'm going to wash up now. You all please excuse me. That's awful generous of you. I always ask to keep from wearing out welcome. Well if you're sure, I won't be a bother. Oh, I don't sleep on no spring mattress. I always make myself a pallet on the floor. I'm worn out but won't you feel like you are taking in a stranger? My feet have never been on anything that wasn't directly attached to the ground. I came all the way from Detroit by bus going to Oakland. The bus stopped in Los Angeles. I had to get off and take a rest. I'll catch the last bus leaving at midnight. I'm just too tired to go on. Boy, that is bad luck to touch a fellow with a broom. He kind of favors one of my boys when he was about his age. You invited me. I don't make no bones about where I'm going to spend eternity. I have always been wild and you know that. If you are made to feel half a man, what do you think the other half is? Since she has repented, all she does is throw stones. As God is my witness, I have never done anything to that woman. Good afternoon, ladies. I made a fresh pot of coffee. Okra and I thought you need a rest. I'll stand guard. Okra wants to talk to you anyway. How is he doing? Only if you can spare it. That smells like fresh coffee. You just run along. I'll fix him his soup. He will be all right. Let me earn my keep. I'll go out and get a hen and have it picked and ready for the pot. Try to make him some cow tea next time. I hope that it's nothing serious. Ah, you young folks don't know how it is. How is Gideon today? How is everybody? What's the problem here? You got to know everything, do everything, and be everything. I'll be right there. All those places that us coloreds lived, that we used to call Bottoms, have all been changed to Drives and Heights. Everything is in what you call it, not in what it is. You remember that boy who lost his mind, Joe? You could hear him pitching horseshoes at night in the dark. He wouldn't miss a one. Make him mad and call yourself running in the house to be safe. He would pick up a brick and say "go on in there brick and hit somebody" and it would find its mark. Where we come from, you had to know how to act right. You had to know how to say yes sir and no sir. You had to know your place. No, if I rest any longer, I won't sleep tonight. May I use your bathroom to wash up a bit? Good evening. It must be all the different time zones I crossed that makes me feel this weary. Well, I don't want to put you out. Emory had made a lot of enemies. He had a big mouth. Those boys never did have good luck. I think if anybody had a hand in killing Hocker, you ought to ask or you should have asked Emory and Chick. Strange as it may seem, it might have cleared the waters. Sometimes the right action comes from the wrong reason. What difference does it make if it's persimmon, oak tree or huckleberry bush? Wasn't Hocker lynched? Now who are we talking about? Oh, I wasn't pointing my finger at you. Hey, you have to think of yourself. A lot of them have all kinds of diseases and will cut your throat while you sleep. There are too many bad people out there. Of course not. Have you ever heard of a man jumping in the river to save five hundred drowning people? No you ain't. You have to take just one and fatten him up. When you spread help too thin, you , you just nickel and dime the situation. If you try to save all, all die but if you save one life, life goes on. You just have to remember, medicine that works leaves a bitter taste. Good God Almighty, bless your bones. But the problem grows. How many people do you all feed? Well, you and your husband are special. Ya, Gideon tells me you do volunteer work to help feed the poor. A woman in family way just reminds of spring and my younger days. I already have, my dear. Oh. I'm sorry. Gideon, what do you say? Speaking of tappy heads, we ought to have an old fashion fish fry. "Out of weariness, I spoke to my own heart; to leave it all and to die. And I gave my heart to know madness and folly." Now I was trying to be nice, to make conversation, since we go back some. That is a boy from home, Lulla's brother. I know your mother ain't still operating that house of hers. Why run out and close the barn door when the horse is gone? I remember when you weren't saved. That was way back yonder when the Natchez Trace was just a dirt road. Girl, do you still sing and dance? You never know what's in the heart and just because you can cry doesn't make you human. Ya, but you can't do the shuffle with one leg. You and your wife, in your spare time, work with the less fortunate. Now I'm not talking about you and what you do but some folks that always run to help the victim, deep down are attracted to pain and suffering and love to be near the dying. Well some folks are still waiting for their comeuppance. Don't take me wrong but you can't judge people by how you act. You're a caring person. Country people got so many strange ways, Some folks take that natural stuff too far. Did you have your child at home? In some things. When we were children, there used to be an old man that came around and would snatch your soul if you didn't have something on you that didn't make a X. You don't want to be at crossroads without one. It's a charm that old people teach you how to make. I had one for a long time that belonged to my grandmother who had it ever since she was a child. In my travels I misplaced it. I have been looking over my shoulder ever since. I let this rabbit foot do in place of my toby that I lost years ago. Not you mustn't touch. Your mama might not like you handling knives. Oh, I'm more modern in my ways. I don't believe in sin, though there is good and evil. And evil is a thing you work at.What is it, noontime? We will take her. You all stay here and watch Dad. You dumb ass, it's Babe Brother. I ought to break your damn neck. That is a damn lie and you know it. Every time father asks you to do something, you either half-ass do it or run off and hide. Mama asked you to turn the dirt in her garden and you told her, with your smart ass self, that you weren't a farmer; get Junior to do it. Every time someone asks you to do something, you always say, tell Junior to do it. Boy, you ought to grow up. I bet you if your master would have told you to fix the hole in the roof, you would have rebuilt the whole damn house. Why in the hell didn't you help mama? Robert asks about you. When are you going to do something to help him? This is not a good time to take chances. Your best friend, Robert, an accountant, lost his home and is out on the street. We see him from time to time. He comes down to church for a free meal. You want me to mortgage my house to invest in a scheme of yours? You know the last time we went into something together Daddy had to go in his savings to keep us from ending on the street. You used that excuse to get out of the army. When are you going to find time to help me fix the roof? All the people working with us are really doing it 'cause they hate to see suffering. He should be caring. That is not too much to ask. I appreciate you lending me a hand. That lazy ass brother of mine was suppose to help me. Whether the boy hears it or not, the man is still a jackass. Everyone should have some mother wit. I want to hear what happened. My brother is a jackass and a damn fool. The both of you have been as scarce as hen's teeth. Harry is the kind of guy you would love to take out in the woods and leave under a rock. When did you talk to Harry? We can't really bring another family in here with us.You damn right they didn't, especially Emory, my cousin. Chick was outright killed by a mob. He killed a white man that owed him some money and when they caught up with him, they tied him behind a car and dragged him from out of the hills back to town. Hocker's death almost caused a race riot. A lot of innocent people could have been hurt behind that. You know as well as I do that it was made to look like he was lynched. Now who would hang someone from a persimmon tree? Miss Clara's boy, Emory, to start with. The Johnson's Hocker was another one... There is something that I always wanted to know. Tell me, how did those boys die?I'm sorry he got those birds. Where is Skip? Counting the what? What does that have to do with the price of butter? What are you doing?But when your sunflowers come up, I'll pay you for them. I didn't mean for you to pay me for that. Tolerably well. I brought you some more rabbit manure for your roses.I don't know if we could take one in with Rhonda and me at home alone at times. Week by week the crowds at the door keeps getting larger. We can't feed all the hungry. Last Saturday we handed out over two hundred meals. That's nice. You shouldn't talk about the boy's father in front of him. This is family business and we have to pull together. Now you don't have to say anything if you don't want to. Where does her get the power to summon all his old raffish friends? They all smell of moth balls. He just leeches off your parents. He is a master at wearing out welcome. Don't shout! Why not? Harry says that's the only way to do good.