Thank you. It's listeners such as yourself who made me want to get up out of that hospital bed and back into the studio as fast as I could. I'm fine, thank you. I had a cardiac infarction but I'm on a new diet and exercising regularly. I've never felt better. Yes, ma'am. What's on your almost- perfect mind this evening? Come in, Montgomery, Alabama.I'd just soon have a paper bag rather than a plastic one, if it's same to you. Then lemme throw in a couple more things. Y'all take American Express? Sorry, gentlemen. I'm 'most finished on my shoppin' here.Someday honey, I will... But I have to be goin' now... Conta i no joras... Whisper it... Whisper "fuck me"... Whisper... Whisper... Whisper... Whisper... Say it!... I'LL TEAR YOUR FUCKIN' HEART OUT, GIRL... Say "fuck me" soft - then I'll leave. Say "fuck me"... Whisper it... Then I'll leave... Say it... Say it - Say it - Say it... Bobby Peru grab you now... Hold you tight... Feel everythin' in you now... Stay quiet... Say "fuck me" and then I'll leave. Am I scarin' ya?... Your pussy wet?... Come on... is it?... Hey, don't jump back so slow... I thought you was a bunny... Bunny jump fast - you jump back slow... Mean somethin', don't it?... Means somethin' to me... Means you want Bobby Peru... You want Bobby Peru to fuck you hard baby - open you up like a Christmas present. You know, I really do like a woman with tits like yours that talks tough and acts like she can fuck like a bunny... Can you fuck like that?... You like it like a bunny?... Huh?... Cause baby, I'll fuck you like a real good like a big ol' jack-rabbit bunny... Jump all around in that hole... Bobby Peru doesn't come up for air. Hey... You gotta smell in this room of puke... You been pukin' in here, little girl? Huh?... You sick?... Pregnant? I don't mean your head head - I'm not gonna piss on your head - your hair an' all... Just piss in the toilet. Y'all take a listen - here a deep sound comin' down from Bobby Peru. Man, I gotta take a piss bad... Can I use your head there? Hey, pretty woman... Sailor here? How old are you? Panty hose. Work better'n stockin's. Pull one of the legs down over your face and let the other leg trail behind your head. You get the pistol. Remember, soon as we get inside, you keep that bad boy up where those hicks can see it. Once they notice the Ithaca and the Smith, they'll know we ain't foolin' with 'em. That's right... Take one of these. She's my girl... She's drivin'... That bother you? Like takin' candy from a fuckin' baby... Hey... I never said you was a pussy... Always figured you had the big ol' round balls for this kind'a thing... Sure would set you and that pretty little girl up good. This is easy money, pardner... No ones gonna get hurt in this thing... And I don't think you can afford not to take it... I'll be bringin' the Eldo 'round the front of the motel at ten tomorrow mornin'... If you ain't a pussy - you'll be there. How much money you have between the two a'ya right now?... Come on outside, I got somethin' to show ya. Don't think about it too long. You had enough? Just took a guess is all... You in or out on this deal? Talked to her this afternoon... While you was out. Couple grand or more'd give you two a leg up. Get you to the west coast, Mexico, most anyplace, with a few dollars in your jeans. I got it figured good, Sailor. Well... I mean like Lula bein' in a family way. Be easy, Sailor. There's two employees. I take one in the back to open the safe, you keep the other'n covered... You ain't plannin' on raisin' a fam'ly in Big Tuna, are ya? Feed store keeps up to five K in their safe. Need me a good boy for back-up. Even split. You interested? I been studyin' a situation over in Lobo, take two men to handle it. Ready for another? Oil, gas, cattle, farmin'. Ain't nobody shows off around here. Iguana County's one of the richest in Texas. Then you're a member... Three or four millionaires in here right now. You an indian? You black? Sorry to hear it. Hell, no, belongs to my girl's sister. The sister's been over to New Orleans, lets us have it while she's gone. Where's that pretty little lady of yours today? Thought maybe Sparky and Buddy'd taken ya. Come on, I'll drive. Let's go by Rosarita's. You been there yet? How 'bout a beer? Need a hand? I'm from all over. Maybe he'll get a little nervous, but who gives a shit? That's right... Could have a bad accident, though... before... durin'... or after a hold-up... What'd you say? No shit?!?! You know him? The cobra's waitin' to strike, chica. You heard from Reggie? Ain't never had no girl pull a blade on me. Told ya I would. You still riled?About. Where Lafitte crosses over Galvez Highway. State Road 86. Club Zanzibar. Mostly black though in that boogie place. Gas?Well, that's so good to hear, Artie. You know some of us depend on you down this way. You're so entertainin' and you get so many interestin' guests. How ya feelin', Artie? I heard you wasn't doin' too well recent. Artie? That you, Artie?That's what I mean... Always looked like you was just knocked out in love... Was real nice to see. It's none of my business, but when are you and Marietta gonna tie the knot? I always wondered why you never did. You hitched yet? Hell, that rings a bell. Someone told me somebody lookin' like her was at the Nothin' Fancy yesterday. So who you out sleuthin' for now?... Can I help ya? What'll it be? The regular? Black Label? Everythin's relative. Where's that Marietta Pace Fortune? You two didn't split up, I hope. Hey!!!... Johnnie Farragut. How are you, my man.But how are you finding New Orleans, Senor Farragut? Yes. Mr. San Pedro Sula spoke yesterday to his son, Archibald Leach San Pedro Sula, who is named after Cary Grant, and he told them there was a shooting. We were. Now Mr. San Pedro Sula and I are on our way back to Utila, in the morning. No big buildings like in New Orleans. Muchas gracias. He wants to take Mr. San Pedro Sula and me bass fishing. Mr. San Pedro Sula's authorized to carry a .45. Mr. San Pedro Sula's permit to kill. Mr. San Pedro Sula's got an appliance shop. Mr. San Pedro Sula is from Honduras.We don't have no paper bags. Yessir. This be it?Guilty on a reduced charge. Hundred dollar fine and ordered to desist. Pigeons carry diseases and muss up the place. You seen it. Plain filth. Woman drivin' down the street spotted me with on a roof with my rifle. She called the police and they came over and arrested me. Thought I was a sniper! Boys at the VFW loved that one. Cops didn't understand about the pigeons, the damage they do to personal property. I used to complain to the city but they never lifted a finger. I was gonna put out poison, but I was afraid somebody's cat would eat it. Hell, I had six cats myself. So I used the .22 because it didn't make much noise and the ammo was cheap. Was in all the papers three years ago. I'm seventy-six, was only seventy- three then. Had a business in Buffalo, New York, called Rats With Wings. Killed pigeons for anyone who wanted 'em killed. My name's George Kovich. Bet you've heard of me.If you are truly wild at heart, you'll fight for your dreams... Don't turn away from love, Sailor... Don't turn away from love... Don't turn away from love. She's forgiven you of all these things... You love her... Don't be afraid, Sailor. Sailor... Lula loves you.I'm sorry. ...Asshole. Don't fuck with me, man. You look like a clown in that stupid jacket.I'll tell ya though, it's comin' up to the time when Marietta and me might just set up house together and settle down... I think that time's comin' up right soon. But like you said, everythin's relative. Not for lack of love, I can tell ya that. No sir... Sounds right... I'll check it out. Actually, I'm lookin' for Marietta's daughter, Lula. Her and 'er beau took off the other day. Marietta's real upset about it. Set one up. No... She's fine. Back home. Real good, Chet... It's been awhile. Call me Johnnie... N.O. has always been a good town to sit around in. So, it's back to the islands. I thought you two were in Austin, Texas. Or Takes-us, as they say in these parts. Whattaya do there? Alright... By all means. Make yourselves at home. Oh God... OH GOD... Santos... Oh God Marietta... are you in on this?... OH GOD!!! Gotta admit, you guys are - two in four dozen. How's that? Hasta siempre. This island of yours sounds like a kind of unpredictable place. Why not? How was the fishin'? I couldn't say, which one? Why are you in New Orleans? If you don't mind my askin'. General Osvaldo Tamarindo y Ramirez. Telefono 666. In what capacity? Only that it's supposed to be a pretty poor sight since the hurricane came through last year. Johnnie, please. Nope. Charlotte, North Carolina. Here on business. See ya downstairs. And to think what coulda happened in that king-sized bed tonight... Did I tell ya it's great to see ya again? All I have to do is grab my suitcase, and I'm ready. You're lucky cause I happen to love night drivin'. Yeah... The one that introduced Santos to you and Clyde. That bastard Pucinski... Honey, I have to ask you this... Is Santos involved in any of this? Somethin' was upsettin' you bad last night, and you wanted to tell me and I figured you wanted to tell me so's I could help... Just some guys I met here... I keep seein' 'em... Now tell me... Who was that?... Who know's your here? I'll meet you, Marietta, if that's what you want, but I'm against it. Marietta, I was just gonna leave and see if I could pick up their trail. What? How'd she sound? Was she doin' okay? Did she tell you where she was callin' from? I got some news, Marietta. Lula and Sailor been here. They checked out of the Hotel Brazil on Frechman Street yesterday. I will, Marietta. Goodbye now. Really, Marietta, you got more scenarios swimmin' around in your brain than Carter got pills. Try to take it easy. Go over to Myrtle Beach for a few days. No, Marietta, I haven't found 'em. Marietta, settle down now darlin'... I want what's best for her, too - like I said, I'll do what I can to bring her home. Sailor ain't a murderer. You got to get off that kick. And far's I can tell, Sailor was entire clean prior to that involvin' Lula. Even there he was protectin' her. You oughta be thankin' him for that. That Bob Ray Lemon they say was comin' after the both of 'em. Why am I tellin' you this, you was around that night. You ought to know just exactly what happened. Sailor just got a little too forceful is all... You remember that night... Sorry, sweetheart. Bein' in love with you like I am brings out that ugly jealous side. Darlin', you ain't seein' Santos again, are ya? Now, Marietta, I am goin' to help you. And don't be gettin' carried away. You don't want to be bringin' Santos and his people into it. He served his time for what he did. Another thing... If Lula went with him of her own volition - willingly, that is - there ain't much can be done about it.I'm sure I wouldn't know, ma'am... and buffalo hunting too... hmmmmm? Perhaps we should call a local law enforcement officer. I'm afraid his car is gone, Mrs. Fortune.Case daddy don't like me. What if he don't like that I don't got his color hair. I'm scared, mama. Why we sittin' here, mama? Grandmama said how Sailor murdered a man. Heard grandpa Santos and grandmama talkin'. My daddy ain't never killed nobody, has he, mama? I still ain't sure what my daddy looks like. You ain't actin', mama. What I made you do, mama? How'll he know what we look like? He seen our photo?We are in the same businesses and also we are fishermen. United States Marine issue, before they made the unfortunate switch to the less dependable nine millimeters. I have it here, in my briefcase. Only if necessary, of course, and only in my own country. That is my permiso. But I am also with the government. Oh, many things... Do you know Honduras, Johnny? I forgot to show you this. The gentlemen that gave this to me said you'd recognize it. Said he wanted it'd be 'bout the last thing you ever saw in this life. The real joke is we never went fishing, but we're still fishing. Do you know how it came about that copper wire was invented in Scotland? Hasta siempre. It has its moments of uncertainty. Teddy Roosevelt, one of the local shrimp boat captains is in jail now. These people are friends of mine, so I must return and find out what happened. I think they are too serious, these American fishermen. In Honduras, we are not so concerned with the method. Would you like to enjoy a martini with us? The same to you. If you are in Honduras, come to the Bay Islands and visit us. The Hondurans are great friends of the American people. But I have a joke for you before I go. If a liberal, a socialist, and a communist all jumped off the roof of the Empire State Building at the same time, which one of them would hit the ground first? Certainly not. We are here only briefly, in fact, until this evening, when we fly to Austin, Texas to visit a friend of mine who is an agent for the CIA. He is my sponsor. The General is the head of the secret police of Honduras. In many capacities. Yes, that's so. But there is not much to destroy. You are from New Orleans, Senor Farragut?In the Ganges near Varanasi to try and reduce human pollution and now plan to put in the crocodiles to devour floatin' corpses dumped by Hindus too poor to pay for cremation. The Indian official who supplied this information did so only on condition of anonymity. The Uttar Pradesh state authorities last October released five hundred turtles... The reptiles were supposed to be of a docile species, said a senior government official, but it seems the breeders bungled and reared attack crocodiles. In international news, India plans to release crocodiles in the Ganges, the holy Hindu river in which millions of people bathe annually, to scavenge for corpses, authorities said. ...live in exchange for sexual favors. Police said they have identified and questioned at least four girls, all Asians twelve to fifteen years old, who have been living in the North Houston warehouse with a Vietnamese pimp since February. The girls are being treated as victims, said police Sergeant Amos Milburn. 'These are really just children,' he said, 'but they've been exposed to a lot already.What is it? Why should it? What's she doin' here? ...But DAMN man... This better go smooth. Yeah... yeah... I guess so... That kind'a money'd get us a long way down that yellow brick road... I don't particularly care for that kind of talk, Bobby. Forty bucks... Have now. I ain't fuckin' sure, Bobby. She really say she was pregnant? When did you talk to Lula? Lula tell you she's pregnant? Whattaya mean family? No... I don't think so, man. What's that? Why not? Wouldn'ta guessed it, that's sure. They look like a bunch of good ol' boys to me. I guess it's oil money, huh? No. No. Thought you said this was a private club. How come I'm allowed in without bein' a member? New Orleans, huh?... We was just there. Restin' in our room. She ain't been feelin' well. This your car? No, haven't heard of it. That'd be fine, Bobby. Thanks, Bobby, 'bout done. You was in the Marines, huh? Thanks. You say it's straight ahead a mile? What's the name of it? Got enough, thanks. We're lookin' for a place has some music, where we can maybe do some dancin' - get somethin' to eat, too. Anything like that around here? What happened on the charges? If your neighbors didn't mind, how'd you get put out of business? Don't know that I have... Should I know about you for anythin' in particular? But I'm wild at heart. But I'm a robber and a manslaughterer and I haven't had any parental guidance. The Good Witch... I'm sorry to do this to ya here in front of a crowd, but I want ya to stand up and make a nice apology to my girl. Come here. This is a snakeskin jacket, and for me it's a symbol of my individuality and my belief in personal freedom. Are you going to provide me with an opportunity to prove my love to my girl? Or are you gonna save yourself some trouble and step up like a gentleman and apologize to her? LULA!!!! What makes sense, is all. He ain't never known me, Lula, so there ain't much for him to forget. Not seein' each other for six years makes it next best to simple for us, too. It's a mistake, honey. You two go on. I'll walk back to the depot. Boys frightened, Lula. This ain't no good. Lead the way. You must be my son. Thanks, darlin', I know you got my best interest in mind, and I 'preciate it sincerely. I love you, but I gotta sleep now. Lula, he mighta did, I don't know. But it don't matter now. Lotta guys go outta control in a war and it ain't their fault. What? Lula, I got to get some sleep. That was in Vietnam. I killed Bob Ray Lemon, didn't I? What could I be up to, Lula? We got about forty bucks, sweetheart. That'd get us to El Paso. We're goin' to, Lula, real soon. Uh-huh? Went with Bobby. Oughta make 'em happy. You talk to 'im some?... And Bobby too, I hear... That smell's still fillin' this room good. Few beers is all. Feelin' any better? I know this ain't easy, Lula, but I ain't gonna let things get no worse, I promise. Love you, too. It's okay by me, peanut. I know you ain't particularly pleased bein' here. Anything I can do for you? I'll come along. Yeah? You sick? Maybe. Met a guy named Red, owns a garage, could have some work in about a week. Met a few hard luck boys who's stayin' here. What's that smell? The only one. Okay, honey, I'll see you later. Yeah? Let's get a sandwich and find out about some work. Fan works. Not bad for eleven dollars a day. Well, it ain't exactly Emerald City... Let's get outta here, honey. I'm afraid she is, baby. Don't know, but she's gonna bleed all over our car, I'll tell ya that... Hey... Hello... Girl... You gotta come with us, honey. Let's get ahold a' her quick. I don't know, honey, but we gotta help that girl - get her to a town and hope no one catches on I broke parole. One bad car accident... I don't know... Looks like clothes. We'll be alright, peanut, long as we've got room to move. Trust me on it. There's worse places, honey. It's a comfortin' idea. They have, sugar. I didn't want to say it... but I had a feelin' Santos was up to somethin' with your mama... You upset with me? Lula, you there? Met him through Santos... Clyde - your daddy - had some sorta business deal with Santos. We all got a secret side, baby. Hope you don't think I been lyin' to you 'bout other things, sugar. I know, sugar... But while the place was burnin'... Before Santos came out - I pitched some rocks at the second floor windows case anyone was upstairs sleepin'... Afterwards... When I met you, I always liked to think I mighta saved your life. I quit workin' for 'im, but just before I did, I ended up one night at a house... I don't know what it is they all think I saw that night, but I was just sittin' out in the car till the whole place went up in flames. Yes I did... I sure did... The bad side of it is I did some drivin' for a man named Marcello Santos... Well, there's a good side as well as a bad side to it... The good side is I knew your daddy, and I thought Clyde was a good ol' guy... Not exactly, sugar... One reason we're in all the trouble we're in right now is cause of what I was doin'... I tried to tell you this before... You know, Lula, I never told you what all I was doin' before I met you. This ain't news, sweetheart. I hate to tell ya. What's that, peanut? That'd be good, Lula. Not in Houston. We'd be better off in some place more out of the way. Under a hundred. Told you not to call your mama. Honey, I'm sorry. It wasn't nothin'. Come on and get up and we'll take off. I was just wastin' time, peanut, till you come back. I ain't so sure it's a great idea, but that's up to you. Just don't tell her where we are. More'n likely. What's wrong, sweetheart? Somethin' botherin' you? Honey, we bein' strangers here and all, this is the kinda place we don't want to make nothin' of nothin'. Yeah. Uh huh. You ready for this? Hard to tell what's shakin' in a place like this, honey. You don't want to be walkin' in the wrong door. Just part of life on the road, peanut. You don't feel you was a little hard on the guy, honey? He's just a regular guy't needs help, honey. Look at him. Lula, darlin'... Makes no difference anyway... We're outta here. Who knows, baby? I'm goin'. Where? You do. Gotta hex from a voodoo? Well, I ain't upset about it, darlin'. Just give me an odd feelin' there a minute, is all. I know, peanut. But it wasn't all like you were so unhappy I was there, just you were upset. My bein' there was upsettin' to you. You had some kids there, little kids, and I guess you'd got married and your husband was comin' home any minute. I know. I kept walkin', I headed for your house, only it wasn't your house, really. You let me in only you weren't real pleased to see me. You kept askin', 'Why'd you come to see me now? Why now?' Like it'd been a long time since we'd seen each other. The water was rollin' off me. And I was dirty, too, like I hadn't had no bath in a long time, so the sweat was black almost. It wasn't no fun, Lula. The wind was blowin' super-hard and I wasn't dressed warm. Only instead of freezin', I was sweatin' strong. No, I like gettin' up around four a.m. and talkin' bout wild animals... Though you woke me up this time in the middle of a dream. I kinda wish I didn't remember it. Up at Pee Dee, I couldn't remember any of my dreams. Too bad they don't give an award for talkin'... You'd win first prize. Especially with those tits. We didn't do nothin' special I can remember. Just talked, is all. I do. I ain't never met anyone come close to you, sugar. You got me, peanut. Lula, sometimes I gotta admit, you come up with some weird thoughts... My God, it better be, darlin', cause it'd be the last... What time is it? Huh? What's that, peanut? What lesson do get outta that story, Lula? You really are dangerously cute, honey. I gotta admit it. We're about dry bones, sweetheart. We don't wanna have to push this "bird" into New Orleans. Honest, Lula. I prob'ly ain't precisely got all the facts straight, but it's about what they said. How they used to do it. Course they got more sophisticated ways now. Radio said the Chinese, I think it is, figured a better idea is by insertin' a balloon in the forehead and lettin' it hang down on the nose. Yeah, well listen to this... Radio said back in the 1920s a I-talian doctor figured out that if, say, a fella got his nose cut off or bit off in, say, a barfight or somethin', they'd sew one of his forearms to his nose for a few weeks... Then put leeches on it. Heard on the radio how doctors is usin' leeches again, just in old times. You know, when even barbers used 'em? Got you a pack of Mores again, huh? Lula... I learned somethin' interestin' today on a science show I heard on the radio... How leeches is comin' back into style. Let's get fed, sweetheart. The light's fadin' fast. There ain't no water in the swimmin' pool. Just a dead tree fell in, prob'ly from bein' struck by lightnin'. Come look at this. Looks more like the Ghost of the Old South, but we'll try her. We oughta stay somewhere outta the way. Not in no Holidays or Ramadas or Motel Six. If Johnnie Farragut's on our trail he'll check those first. Almost. I figure we should find us a place to stay and then go eat. What it says on the bumper sticker up front. On that pickup. Life is a bitch and then you marry one. Okay, manslaughterer who's broke his parole and got in mind nothin' but immoral purposes far's you're concerned. You ain't gonna begin worryin' about what's bad for you at this hour, are you, sugar? I mean, here you are crossin' state lines with a A-Number One certified murderer. They sure do stink. That don't smell like a More. You got about six more big states to go before we find out. You guess? My parole was broke two hundred miles back when we burnt Portagee County. What do you mean by necessary? She's prob'ly already called the cops, my parole officer, her p.i. boyfriend Johnnie Farragut. Sorta brown, blonde, I guess. But dig this, sweetie. Then she turns over, peels off them orange pants, and spreads her legs real wide and says to me... Her face was half-pushed into the pillow, and she looked back over her shoulder at me and said, 'I won't suck you. Don't ask me to suck you.' She just rolled over onto her stomach and stuck her ass up in the air. I slid my hand between her legs and she closed her thighs on it. I guess. That's just what she said. I had a boner with a capital "O." I went to kiss her but she broke off laughin' and ran down the hallway. I found her lyin' on a bed in a room filled with assault weapons and Penthouse magazines. She was a wild chick. She was wearin' bright orange pants with kind of Spanish lookin' lacy black stripes down the sides. You know, them kind that doesn't go all the way down your leg? When she got almost to the top step I stuck my hand between her legs from behind. Told her my name. Then she said somethin' like, 'It's so noisy down here. Why don't we go upstairs so we can hear ourselves?' She turned around and led the way. I knew I had an important lesson to learn that day. She looked right at me and run her tongue over her lips and put her hand on my arm - told me her name was Irma. Maybe two, three months after Juarez. I was visitin' my cousin, Junior Train, in Savannah, and we were at some kid's house whose parents were out of town. A girl comes up to me that was real tall, taller than me. Yeah, I had my first taste on that trip to Juarez. At that age you still got a lot of energy. Those toenails dry yet? We got some dancin' to do. You up for that? Yeah, maybe... One thing puzzles my mind, sugar... You're twenty years old - aren't you ever curious why your mama has this fixation on keepin' us apart? Puttin' a detective on us. I'll tell ya Lula... Well... It's more'n me killin' Bob Ray Lemon... Let's go dancin', peanut. I'm ready. There's worse things that can happen to a man, honey. So? What's that? Sound like ol' Dell's more'n just a little confused, peanut... Too bad he couldn't visit that ol' Wizard of Oz and get some good advice. Prob'ly the rain boys from Outer Space. Hell, peanut... Actin' funny how? What's that, peanut? What happened to him? You tell the boy who knocked you up? Musta been a lesson tellin' ya it was the wrong time... What did you do, your mama find out? It ain't altogether terrible just to let things go along sometimes. Lula, I done a few things in my life I ain't too proud of, but I'll tell ya from now on I ain't gonna do nothin' for no good reason. All I know for sure is there's more'n a few bad ideas runnin' around loose out there. At Pee Dee, all you think about is the future, you know? Gettin' out? And what you'll do and what you'll think about when you're on the outside again. You think of the weirdest damn things to say sometimes, peanut. Ain't we been doin' a pretty fair job this far? Yeah? Hell, why should the Datin' Game be different from real life? At least them boys is gonna get somethin' to eat. Gift certificates to Kentucky Fried Chicken. Twenty-three months, eighteen days is all. Don't need to make more'n it was. This couple's goin' on a date to Hawaii. The girl chose him over the other two guys. We didn't have no TV up at Pee Dee, baby, you know? That so? You want to tell me what, if any, real thoughts you had lately? That's good... Now go get yourself a beer. You fellas have alotta the same power Elvis had... Y'all know this one? Just sounded like an old gal havin' a good time to me... You ready to dance? You okay, honey? Here she goes again... And you never told nobody about it? 'We' did it? Whattaya mean? Didn't he force you? So how'd he finally nail you? Right there in the kitchen? Didn't he say somethin'? Sorry, sugar. Go on and tell me how old Pooch done the deed. I can't hardly understand you when you talk with one of them Mores in your mouth. How'd it happen, peanut? He just pull out the old toad and let it croak? But honey, I thought you told me your Uncle Pooch raped you when you was thirteen. You have such a pretty, long neck, like a swan. In a fire, as I recall. You're perfect for me, too. Hell, peanut, you stuck with me after I planted Bob Ray Lemon. A man can't ask for more than that. It's okay. I hardly used to see them anyway. I didn't have much parental guiding. The public defender kept sayin' that at my parole hearin'. He was a good ol' boy, stood by me... Even brought me some cartons of cigarettes from time to time. Camels, same as me... Guess both my mama and my daddy died of smoke or alcohol related illness. I guess I started smokin' when I was about six... My mama was already dead from lung cancer... I really did miss your mind while I was out at Pee Dee, honey. The rest of you, too, of course. But the way your head works is God's own private mystery. What was it you was thinkin'? Stab it and steer. Hey, my snakeskin jacket... Thanks, baby... Did I ever tell you that this here jacket for me is a symbol of my individuality and my belief in personal freedom? Peanut... It's a prob'lm I don't think's gonna go away too soon though... Peanut, I'm thinkin' of breakin' parole and takin' you out to sunny California. You're gonna have to kill me to keep me away from Lula. So? Whattya mean? No. What?... ...Sailor Ripley... Can I talk to Lula? Thanks... Well?... Is there a contract?... We made a deal once that we'd tip each other off if we ever heard. I didn't see nothin'... Life is unpredictable. You heard right. I think Santos or Marietta Fortune. Hopin' you could tell me if there's a contract out on me. I really need to know. Just passin' through on my way to who knows where...Got word the kids are moving through Texas... I think an ending is being arranged there... Come on, lemme see a smile. Hey... Stop the nervous cry-baby routine... You're my girl now... Santos is gonna wipe away those tears and make you happy... Come on, let's get outta here. Shhhhhh... Thank you, gentlemen... I'll look after her now... My very best to Johnnie... Bless his soul. I got your message... But you went right to Johnnie, didn't you?... I can't trust you, bitch - not for one minute... Naughty girl... Sailor and Lula are headed west, and guess what? There's no turning back. I'm in a killing mood. That's just another part of the price to pay. You got nice tits. Put your shoulders back, I said. Put your shoulders back. Shhhh... It's all right... Also, I either take you or that pretty daughter of yours to bed. I'm gonna take your silence as a "yes"... One day he's gonna find out what we're up to with Mr. Reindeer, and he could cause us a lot of trouble. You're not tellin' me that you're sweet on him? You give me your permission to kill Johnnie Farragut. On one condition... Why didn't you send Johnnie Farragut? Wrong! It's much better to blow a hole in the back of the head... right toward the bridge of the nose... Lots and lots of irreparable damage. Through the forehead? You want me to shoot Sailor in the brains with a gun. But where in the head? Not the chin, I hope. Shoot Sailor in the head with a gun... Now I'm beginning to get it... You want me to shoot Sailor in the head with a gun. Where? Where? In the leg? Shoot him? Like with a gun? Explain it... I told you. Well, like kill him with the atomic bomb? Like an accident where maybe Lula might also get hurt? Simple? Kill him? How? You need to explain it. Just tell me what you want. How would I do that? Send him on a trip - like maybe to Hawaii? Get rid of him? Big is the key word, and I'm telling you I want it bad. What does take care of him mean? Do you want me to give him food or some clothing? Take care of him? What do you want me to do about it? Have it your way... But you want it. Oh yeah - sure... okay. I knew you'd want it again...