I like the sound of that. Those yours too? No, I mean... I'm a little... dusty... I'm not really dressed for a party. How'd you know it was me? Trust me, this ain't one of those times. You wouldn't say that, if you could see me. Victor must've taken him. It's easy for you to be patient. It's not him. It's them. I can't live like this. Oh, he did. I wouldn't be caught dead in that. You look like an eighties rock band. Well why didn't you say so? You want me to lift some weights or something? Wouldn't want to keep Vic waiting. Is it safe? I can handle the ship. I can even handle Mr. Blonde Ambition. But I don't know if I should be flying or playing Vegas in these suits. Who the hell came up with them? Way to not overthink it. So when do we leave? And you can? Power it up? Reed said it'd be weeks till -- What do you want, Vic? What is this? Where's Reed? About me? How sweet. What are you doing here? I already got it. Everything I want. Deb, it's me. It's still me. Don't come any closer for a sec. This is gonna be kind of a shock... You remember when we said "together forever no matter what"? Deb... It's me. I need you to step out front. Soon as I'm back, I'm gonna trade that in for a bigger rock. I'll be watching over you. Forget it, egghead. I'm good as is. Got it, teach. Glad "nothing" could take you away from your work. Yeah. I can tell. Victor was right. Oh, you remember my name do you? You happen to remember what you swore to do with every breath in your body? It's about to be a broken face. Not unless you want that clipboard stretched up your -- Yeah. You don't wanna know the details. You got a chisel round here? Yeah, nine years straight. Am I okay?! You wanna explain that?! What the --! I think I need to lie down. Bad shrimp. Well maybe you should date him. I'm sorry, did that cosmic-bath loosen your screws? Reed, I'm not talking about Debbie. You go through something like this, makes you appreciate having the right woman in your life. Reed. Even you can't compute every little thing. Solid. How long was I out? I ain't done arranging your flowers, egghead. Should? This is your dream, Reed. You should be the one up there. Isn't that your speech? This makes five. Five times. They crashed it into a wall. A flight simulator. No. I cannot take orders from that underwear model. That wingnut washed out of NASA for sneaking two Victoria Secret wannabes into a flight simulator. Can't do it. I cannot do it. I know, I know. I'm just worried about what he wants... Speaking of which... Maybe you should think about yourself for once. You always let this guy push you round -- He knew about NASA. What if he made the call to shut us down -- What about his first born? I can't take this. You'd never know it. Good thing it ain't workin... Reed, what are we doing here? This guy's fast-food, strip-mall science -- No more cracks about how I look. The machine works. And Vic's gone Mister Hyde on us -- Go back to the drawing board. Give me the god damn mirror! Give me a mirror... What's wrong with me? Reed?... Sue? Where... where am I? Put your tiny little mind at ease. Hey, two hearts got busted last time. Maybe she's not over it either. 'Course not. Strictly business. Keep talking, there won't be a next time. What the hell you smiling at? Just keep your mouth shut, and your mind on those SMBs --Hey, I'm Mr. Sensitivity now. Clear the way, wide load coming through. Really? With a name like Von Doom? Never saw that one coming. Hey! That's a prototype! They said that's not such a good idea, the shock alone could -- I swear to you they've done everything humanly possible. The best plastic surgeons in the world, Ben. You had the best -- They're fine. Everybody else... is fine. Back on Earth. Victor's medical facility... We're in quarantine. Don't you wander off, boy. Let's see: you got Victor, stud of the year, more coin than God? Or Reed, the world's dumbest smart guy worth less than a postage stamp. Hmmm, it's a toss-up. Yeah, well, his eyes say different. Please tell me your dawg's not trying to rekindle things with my sister. If you behave, maybe next time daddy'll let you drive. Actually, the engines are SMEs. Hydrogenbase, carbon propellant. Couple generations past your last ride. I'm not as dumb as you look. Not this again -- I though we went over this. Me like-y. Meet me at 4:01, top of the run. That'll give you a minute to freshen up. I've never felt better in my life. When do you get off work? So are you! I don't know if "we've" noticed, but the sickest runs this side of the Alps are right outside that window -- But all these people... Act. Here we go again. Reed, what if we got these gifts for a reason? What if we have some, you know... like, calling? Right, whatever, have fun. He's right. These costumes are... missing something. I can't put my finger on it -- Oh, well that's easy: I'm hot. You're... well, you're a little limp. Sue's easy to see through. And Ben's always been a hardass. Why aren't you writing this down? What are you trying to say? Just because I dress well and like to dance -- Gotcha. Okay. Supernova bad. I can go hotter! This place is deluxe. You got cable? Twenty? From outside the place looks a lot taller. What he's trying to say is: every team needs a mascot... This is wrong in so many ways. Oh, you dawg you. Better not be my nurse! Cool. What'd it do to you guys? Now what is up with that? Ben! Ben! What about you? Sis. Let me take care of you for once. I'm sorry, sis, for leaving you guys -- Look around, sis! She's not here. So you can stop talking to me like I'm your little boy -- At least it beats living in a lab like somebody's science project. Yeah, for the last time, I hope. I'm done with this freak show. I'm moving back to the real world. Blockhead started it! You're gonna pay for that, Pebbles. What?! Dude. That's my sister. Uh, we call my sister the invisible girl... the Invisible Girl. Sweet. You're really cramping my style here. Is that a trick question? C'mon, I can't be the only one who thinks this is cool. Wait. You mean there's chance we could be full-on-24-7-fantastic? What is that thing? Okay, "mom." Flame on, flame off. Flame on, flame off -- Please tell me you go silent too. Keep the hot side hot, and the cool side cool!Ben, I've been crunching the numbers on the machine. I think if we can rework the power settings... Time for your lesson, Vic. Chem 101: what happens when you supercool hot metal...? Ben... Ben, I don't know if this thing'll change us back or make us worse. I need you to be patient for a little while longe-- We're working as hard as we can -- Ben -- This isn't permanent, Johnny. We need to be careful until we're normal again. O-kay. We'll skip that question. Ben, I'm afraid I've got to ask -- Okay. I've uh, got some questions, from Sue. That she thought might be better coming from me... Can you, you know, go to the bathroom... like normal... If we're going to identify the source of the mutation, we need to isolate your recombinant DNA so we can activate positional genomes. We had a tough year. Ben. Are you okay? Are you alright? He's smart, powerful, successful -- What? Come on. She's got a good thing with Victor -- Yeah, you and Debbie and perfect -- I should have done more, run more tests -- I don't know. I just keep going over and over the numbers. Three days. I was worried about you. How are you feeling? Ben. This is serious. Turn around. The shields on the station should protect us. Victor's better at these things. He's made a few changes. I had it at four. When have I asked you to do something you absolutely said you could not do? I'm sure he's matured since then. Youthful high spirits. External SRBs, orbital system engines. Its just like the shuttles you flew in -- We got what we wanted. That's enough. Ben, think about all the people we can help if this works -- Ben, the money's not important. We could save lives. Ben. This is business. Just work. He's financed some of the biggest breakthroughs of this century. This wasn't our first stop, in case you forgot NASA. And Victor's not that bad. He's just a little... Larger than life. Now. Johnny. SUPERNOVA. A higher calling like getting girls and making money? You need to control yourself and think before you -- That's what I'm trying to calculate. And it's not rubber. It's muscle, tendon. I seem to have the ability to manipulate the malleability of my molecular structure and redistribute my density to -- They're not costumes. What? No. I'm trying to figure out why we each ended up with different symptoms. Is there something about flames? About flaming, that you -- Not only could you kill yourself, but you could set fire to Earth's atmosphere and destroy all human life as we know it. Back it down, Johnny! ...and figure out how to reverse them. Let me show you to your rooms. We should stay here until we can define the extent of our changes... Oh, it is. Ben Grimm is a genuine American hero who's been through a terrible orde-- You've been working out. Ben, are you there? The cloud has fundamentally altered our DNA. He's not responsive -- Victor's right. Johnny, get to the command center. Close the shields. I found a broken gasket, from space -- Sue, I need some of that anger, rage, frustration -- The power... I need... more power... to control... the storm -- I can... make it work. Why didn't you say something? You always talked about how you liked the kind of man who could approach you... speak his mind. One who wasn't afraid to tell you what he wanted. You know, I bribed the projectionist ten bucks to keep it open late? You were? I could get Ben to tap into the Baxter's main power to generate enough voltage -- I'm not the only one in there. I got you, Vic, Ben, Johnny, all rattling around in there. Which is why I'm working twenty hours a day, checking every variable -- He was going to take away all my data, equipment -- No way to know. Without more tests, experiments. With the right energy, we can stabilize the storm. Maybe tie into the city grid... Of course. Of course. Curing countless diseases, not just ours. If we can build a machine to re-create the storm, we can reverse the polarity -- The plants, from space. Their particles are still charged. With the right amount of energy, those ions could create the elemental profile of the cosmic storm. There were a lot of variables to consider -- I think it was a little more complicated than -- No, I distinctly remember: you walked out my door. Ergo... I mean, you broke up with me, right? What in the world would give me that idea? Okay. Is there any way to duplicate that feeling? Some memory or... I'm saying, if you had a little more self control, you could locate the trigger. Can you remember the exact emotions when -- You should be able to bend light around other objects, even people, if you could control your emotional state better -- It's not "invisibility" per se. You're bending the light around you with some kind of malleable force field. That's what you projected on the Bridge. That's what we're here to find out. Sue. Your clothes. Lose them. We need to get past them. Let's not jump to conclusions, we need a massive amount of evidence before making that leap. Sue... look at your hands. Uh, Sue...? I can't. For science. Passion. I can tell you guys are enjoying what was the best part of our relationship -- That's good. That's uh... good. Feeling better? Material made from self-regulating unstable molecules. I've been working on a formula for this. As far as crew, I was hoping Ben could pilot the mission -- I, uh, think I remember the number. Well, uh, based on our history... you can handle the biogenetics, and I'll focus on the molecular physics. Or, uhm, maybe I should take the biotech, you work the microscopes, since you have some background in electropho-- Those solar winds are flaring, but I factored them into my coordinates and -- You're, you've, I mean, how have you bee-- But I'm not done with the machine -- What are you doing here? Victor, if we could understand what happened to us -- I ruined? With all due respect, I told you to abort -- Not much. We need to run tests to see the extent of the damage. He's had some kind of... reaction to exposure from the cloud. And he's not the only one. Ben did this. Not until Ben is back inside! Come on, Ben, come on... Ben's still out there -- We've got minutes until it hits, not hours... Victor, that storm's deadly -- the radiation's lethal. We need to abort. Sure. Hilarious. You back this mission, and I'll sign over a fair percentage of any applications or -- Not at all. You remember in school we talked about working together. That's what I was about to explain...He couldn't generate enough power for the machine to reach critical mass. Yet another mistake for "Mr. Fantastic." He also said we'd avoid that storm in space. And we know how that turned out. To help you. I've run every test known to man. And they all yield the same result: the machine is ready. Where do you think? With Sue. Ben, come in. Come on. Let me buy you something to eat. Looks like you could use the company. I'm worried about you. That's terrible news... What? What do you mean "complete"? Like the shields Reed said would protect us. How long? And they're changing into... Front page? Make sure you find Ben, bring him back here. And keep it quiet. I don't need this to hit the press. That's why. Because I could have any other woman... You know, when they asked Caesar "why England," he said, "because it's not mine." Later. First, I've got some unfinished business. A deal that needs closing... And that's a good thing? Get me on the AM shows, Larry King, cover of the Journal... I've got to do something about this scar. Make sure they only shoot my right side. Reed's disaster. You know, I half- think he did this to me on purpose. How's the IPO? Leonard, how's the feed? History, Leonard. History. Everything else is conversation... How's the other matter? It's not just the money. I could make money in my sleep. Showtime. Reed's always right. Good thing he doesn't always know what he's got... If Reed's right, then this little trip will double our stock offering. Which is precisely the point. Analysis is over. It's time for action. My men could have mass-produced this by now. What I should have done a long time ago. Applications and patents, Reed. This all belongs to me. I don't want to understand it. This isn't one of your science projects. I just want to fix it. Fast! Abort? Reed, I put my company, my name, billions of dollars on the line, and I will not let you make me look like a fool -- Didn't go as planned? It was a catastrophe. You ruined the lives of four people -- I'm starting to wonder the same thing... How much do you know about what happened to you? Ben did this? Just a little banged up. A couple scrapes. Why? It's too late for him, and soon it'll be too late for all of us. Reed, we're running out of time. So reel him in. But we came here to do a job. So let's do it. Quickly. Get a grip. Reed. We didn't come all this way to lose our nerve at the first little glitch. Just close the shields... Got it. So take a walk, Ben... I'm going to borrow Susan for a second. Funny how things turn out, isn't it? The number's seventy-five. And it's applications and patents. This isn't going to be a problem, is it? But dreams don't pay the bills, do they? Same old Reed, the hopeless optimist. Still reaching for the stars, with the world on your back. Oh, I think you already have. Then why is Reed dragging his feet? Maybe he likes having his prize specimen under glass... It's ironic, isn't it? You're finally the perfect woman for him... because you're his science project. Same old Reed. All analysis, no action. Wasn't that the problem with you two? Susan. What are you doing? It is. There's something we need to talk about. Something I need to ask you... Please, no apologies. I've arranged for your things to be moved to one of my condos. You'll have round-the clock care. I told you, I'm fine. It's you I'm worried about. Just find him. What's going on? Raising the shields. Sue, I've lived my life unafraid of taking big steps. And this is the biggest step yet. If it helps, think of this as a promotion. A merger of sorts... Four little words that can change our lives... Right, of course, the company... But you see, I've come to realize all the accomplishments in the world mean nothing without someone to share them with -- Well, when you're looking at your future, it never hurts to find closure about the past. Surprised I agreed to Reed's proposal? I think you both know my Director of Genetic Research, Susan Storm. For your sake I hope you're right. I'm sorry if that sounds a little skeptical. I'm just saying, I know what it's like to lose something you love. To see it slip away, and know it's never coming back. I know it can't be easy. Life hasn't changed that much for Reed, Sue and Johnny. At least they can go out in public. But for you? People staring. Whispering behind your back...We're lucky to be alive. Stop it. Anyone. I have a CB in my truck, we could get some help out here. One keg of Beast for the basement, then, truck's dry. My truck. Come on! We're better off. Well then I guess we should just give up. Oh yeah? You weren't helpin'. Fuck no. So, what now? Did those things leave? Your parents of relation? Your brother, huh? Why do you take shit from him? Just cover me. It was built to move. Yeah, the lot's right there. My truck is right out back. Nothing, this was my last delivery. My truck can't be more than ten feet away. We load into the back, I can get in the front and we roll out of here. Uh, uh, I think if we can get everyone into it... we can get out of here. We gotta be close. We gotta try. I'm in.With what just happened upstairs -- I got my .38 here. That's six shots and two refills. Downstairs, I think we got another rifle, maybe a scatterer and some gardening tools. Maybe a couple boxes of shells for The Judge. But it's got teeth. My god damn foot is gone! Who fuckin' shot me? Who fuckin' shot me!? IS THERE A GUN POINTING AT YOU? IS IT CLEAR?! Uh huh, now wiggle that sweet little ass over here and sit on Daddy's face, I wanna do some appraising. You don't understand sweety, Daddy doesn't pay, Daddy sees the show for free. But you do get points for being horny on a night like this. How much I got, what? Sure. The girl's got rhythm. I can't feel a thing, Hon. It's much safer in there, sweety. Wait, before you do that, help me to the kitchen, I need to lay down. There's a cot back there. No, no, it calms you, makes everything nice and smooth. Just takes the edge off like a beer, but in a fraction of the time. Uh huh. Just put a dab on your tongue. It'll calm your nerves. Works like a charm. Magic potion. You should try a little. Gimme a couple dabs on the tongue. Push and twist, it's child proof. Well... I don't trust you. No way! I pick who goes! And I'm holding you responsible. What!? So you can just get the hell outta here and forget about all of us!? No way! That's my god damn truck! Seven. Seven. Holds four. Covered. Two. Fully. Grass. I grow some pot down there. It's no big deal, just something I dabble in. The truck's for a quick get away, deliveries, whatever. Nothing. Huh? What? Go for it. It's by the far wall. A small wave band. Channel 9 is the emergency frequency. But I don't see the point. In the kitchen, under the sink. The boards are solid oak planks, and the floor is reinforced by a steel grid beneath. Nothing real or supernatural is busting through this, least nothing the size of the beasts. Huh? So, your dead hubby shot me twice, three of my customers have been eaten, and there are angry creatures outside? Jesus Christ on the cross... Someone make sense. What? Well, where's the sonuvabitch!?Let's wait it out. DON'T! She's not very nice, is she? What's wrong? Do we have anything else to defend ourselves with? Anything?Well, what are we gonna do about it now? Don't get all worked up, Justin. I expected some common sense on your part and clearly I was expecting too much. [Beat] Just open the drawer. Should we be what? Trying to change him any way we can? [Beat] Yes. What about Starks? Then don't. I'm fine. I didn't put you in Alpine Grove. I don't understand... How did you come to know their names? The three of you weren't regular patients. You were criminals that ended up at Alpine Grove. It was part of the treatment I intended...I didn't know what the effects would be... Of people like you. People I was just trying to help. They couldn't get worse so I thought, with medication, they might get... Because...because you came out and said something you couldn't have possibly have known. You came back and repeated three names... I know. [Beat] I knew that when you came out. I don't know how you died. The last time I put you in the Jacket was just after you told me you remembered killing that police officer... No. I didn't. I swear I didn't. I probably helped push you to kill yourself, but I didn't do it. You died, Starks. Years ago, in the hospital. How...how are you here? [Beat] You're his son? Who are you? You in here. [Beat] Works like a drug. Means we believe in doing his work and fear what the world would be like if we didn't at least try to. I've managed to every Sunday of my life. [Beat] Some of us are God- fearing men, Starks. I'll say a prayer for you in Church today, Starks. Maybe the Gods can pick up where the medicine left off. You killed him? Yes. And what's that? Temporarily. It is. But when it comes down to it, you just have to patient with them. They'd rather have their vacation, too, so they just push dealing with our "practices" off to the New Year. Hello, William. I understand you've been asking for me almost every hour. I would've been here sooner but you gave our little state visitor quite a bit to talk to me about. Sit down, Mr. Starks! Sit down, Mr. Starks! Maybe not. [Beat] But I do think you're in a tree... woofing like a dog. And I'm just trying to help you the only way I can think of. I wasn't pausing to see if you did. [Beat] But, incidentally, you should, because you're birds of a feather. I had a patient a few years ago. His name was Ted Casey... You're just suffering from delusions that are unfortunately part of your condition. [Pointedly] Of course you're not. Relax. Actually, that's exactly what our equipment is. We were forced to use restrains if that's what you're referring to. In where? Then how would you describe him, Beth? Merely rebellious? He's recovering on the third floor. It's not my job to believe you. You said you couldn't remember killing Officer Harrison. Correct? I'm just looking at you. Does that make you uncomfortable? Well, your condition's pretty serious.I've been here for 11 years. It's my neighborhood. 'Course I'm sure. He's as drugged up as the rest of us...I guess he has to be to put up with all this. [Shrugging] What if we are? There're crazier things than thinking up fictions for yourself. [Beat] Everyone does it, don't they? Even Becker. That roller coaster car pops more pills than all of Ward 3. Geez, how's that for a fucking "thank you"? You could still always give Becker an itch. 'Course you might get killed when he goes to scratch it, but seems to me you're saying that's about to happen anyway. [Beat] Just be careful not to walk yourself right into something. 'Cause Lorenson's got her claws in it now. When she started getting suspicious about me was when they stopped using it on me. Women! It's gonna be sticky. Oh no, you're pretty young. Your body'll be able to handle a lot more of it than you think... [Beat] How do you know? Mortality's actually a great thing to be familiar with. It means you're sane on some level. I know you need one when it's really cold. I wasn't talking about anything. Or just plain stupid. You'd think by the twentieth time, I'd have found an alternative method. Maybe a more effective one, if you know what I mean. I tried something like 30 times. There is, as STARKS rightly figures, no suitable response to that. I tried to kill my wife. TV. Helps numb [makes a "crazy gesture"] any active mind. [Sticking out a jittery hand] Rudy MacKenzie. That's Kingsley. Old bastard hears us, I'm sure. He just doesn't want to bother answering so he makes us think he can't talk. I know. I tried it on my mother for two months once before she fished out my tongue. Literally. [Beat] You're the cop killer, right?No. [Beat] You put me on drugs and then you put me in the Jacket. I'm in it as we speak. [Beat] You're haunting yourself right now. [Beat] I guess sometimes we indict ourselves if no one else does. You didn't make history like you wanted to, huh, Dr. Becker. It turned out different, didn't it? You just told me. The last time I was with you was when I was in the Jacket. I'm in it right now, Dr. Becker. No, we were patients. So, what, you guinea pig sick people to find out? Medication? What kind of meds do you chase with nights in a cadaver drawer? How? I didn't say I remembered killing him. I just repeated some words to get myself back in there. I didn't kill myself. I died from a blow to the head. How'd it happen? I have to know. I know. [Beat] You killed me, didn't you? No. I'm not his son. I'm him. [Beat] What? You look like you've seen a ghost. You can come here and touch me, old man. I'm the real thing. I think you know. Your eyes say you do. Becker, how do you sleep at night? And what does that mean? You sure you know where to find one? Getting away with things. Like whatever I may or may not have gotten away with Officer Harrison. My business? They make it hard for you to get away with your business, huh? That's too bad. Long live the Organization for the Organized! We are not birds of a feather. I don't give a shit about your patient! I didn't dream it. I may have been asleep but it wasn't a dream. BECKER sits down in a CHAIR, half-shrouded in the light. Don't give me that. I know what's real, goddamnit! You strapped me in something and stuck me in a drawer. Don't act like I don't know what's real. [Beat] I'm not the one that's crazy here. That wasn't a fucking restraint. [Uncertainly] In that thing...the Jacket. I don't know better. All I know is that you left me in there. Are you kidding me? He's not psychotic! [Beat] You don't believe me, do you? Depends on what you're seeing. [Beat] So they say. [Off Becker's steady gaze] What? He died because he bled to death from a blow to his head. Someone had to have given him it. I didn't. [Beat] Did you have anything to do with his death? That's too bad. My father used to talk about you. Did you know my father? He didn't either. You may have known my father, William Starks. Yes. [Beat] It has. Everything up 'till today is done. Everything starting with tomorrow is up for grabs. And I can't stay here in my condition. I am going to die tonight. It's already been decided. I need to get this letter to someone. [Beat] Thank you. This is really happening, isn't it? Good. You done with your small talk? I am. One of the few things I remember doing is eating. So I guess I must be exercising it off in my dreams. What about Dr. Becker and Mr. Gries? What about Dr. Thomas Becker or Dr. Loel Lorenson? There was also a Dr. Gries, I think. His body was found on January 1, 1993, but do you know if that was long after he had died? I'm doing fine. I fell down. [Beat] But I'm alive. I think so. [Beat] You be good to yourself, Jackie. Good. How's your mom? Nowhere. [Beat] I just think I'm gonna be sick. You gotta stop thinking like that. When we first met, when you were 7, where was the house you lived in with your mother? Do you remember your address? Lorenson's the only one that could let me out of there. I need something to persuade her that I was there. Get me something to take to her. What's happening to me? Why am I getting so much weaker? Where are we going? If everything hadn't happened the way it has, then I wouldn't be here right now, sitting in a car with you, touching your face. No, he didn't. [Beat] They're at Church. And I bet that's where Becker is. They've got lives to be grateful for. Of course he will. [Beat] What day of the week is it? Then why isn't there anyone around? I don't know. Maybe that's because this whole thing is a dream. How can you have a street with no cars on it? There're no cars on this street. They're not. You're sure? Me, too. I might not be able to. Of course it makes me mad. It makes me more than mad. Just like remembering the face of the man who killed that officer and knowing nothing more about him. But what's it gonna do for me to find them now? I can't fix everything in three days. I know. It was perfect. [Beat] Erase my sanity and you erase anything I'll ever say. I don't know. Why? Maybe. I don't know. Seems more likely Becker does, but at the very least she knows how I died. I have no idea. I don't believe a thing she just said. How? Did they figure it out after I died? I didn't kill Officer Harrison. If they don't take me out before then. [As an afterthought] What's the net? I know. Yes. Do you really believe me? What? After I... Yeah. I'll leave. But look at me. Look at my face, Jackie. I'm not lying. I met you and your mother. I told you then that I'd lost my memory. [Beat] There was no one for miles around so I know you know there's no way I could have known that from a pair of dog tags you had lying around. It's December 25th, 1993 today. How'd he die? I gave you my dog tags. How? [Beat] What? [Beat] What? I'm sorry for upsetting you, [beat] but I'm not lying to you. No, I don't have anything to show you. I'm here from a mental hospital. Jackie, I'm William Starks. I can prove it. [Beat] I know it doesn't make sense. It doesn't even make sense to me. I think I can remember what's on them. [Beat] In case you get lost, or can't remember who you are. Dog tags. [Off her blank look] They've got your name and date of birth for identification. Yeah, I'll hitch a ride or something. [Beat] Let her throw it all up before she gets back behind the wheel. Hey, can you reach the gas pedal? [Beat] What's your name? Your mom take anything before this happened? You two ok? Good. You know how to get there? You'll figure it out and you'll do good by him. I don't know when it'll happen but soon I think, you'll shock the boy and it'll wake him up. You did, in the future. You figured it out because a part of you already knows this. That's how it works. [Beat] I'm just telling you something you already know, even if you haven't realized it. He's having absence [pronounced "absance"] seizures when he stares off into space like he does. He has them so often that that's why he hasn't learned to speak properly. Listen to me. That's all I ask. No. Listen to me...the kid, Eugene... You still don't believe me, do you? Can I get some paper and something to write with. Who are you kidding, Doc? You or me? Who...who kills me? I did? How...how do you know? NO! They're not my delusions! Look, just leave my business with Becker to me! Some part of you suspects -- even if you don't know for sure -- that what I'm saying is true. You told me about him. I saw you and I think you thought I knew something about him. So you told me. Because of the future. I know what's going to happen. I'm about to die unless I do something to stop it. Because I don't have time. Maybe. I didn't see that much of it -- same as now. I only saw it as part of my own life. No. Not for people like me. [Beat] Not in the places I come from. It doesn't look all that different. 2004. [Beat] I've seen a time that's not this time. And I'm only able to see it when I'm in the Jacket. Come on. Tell me what you do know. I don't know. [Frustrated] Remember? This has nothing to do with that. You don't understand. Listen to me! You don't! The Jacket is my only chance in this place. You have no idea what's going on. I'll die either way. [Beat] We will. Exactly. [Beat] Yeah, it is. Why would we do that? My dad wrote some things down before he died. Well, do you think Dr. Becker would have any idea? But Dr. Morgan said you were around when my father was... [Beat] I don't know. How'd he get it? What case? You thought my father was crazy? Why? I never knew my father. Did you? Believe me, I know. No. I don't want it to. I could try to...make it stop. Why, what would you do? No. The real events that have happened to me have been fucked up. Not my mind. That conviction doesn't convince me of anything. Until I know that I did it, I'm not going to accept that I did. Because I don't think I'm crazy. And if I didn't want to come? Becker does? Are you sure? MacKenzie, [beat] what if we are crazy? Is it true? So what am I supposed to do? Why? No. [Beat] I mean I found out while I was in it that my body's gonna be found in four days. The Jacket. [Gravely] No, I mean in four days, I'm supposed to die. [Cutting in] MacKenzie, listen to me. Listen. I'm going to die. Yeah, you were. What you said about them taking me out to the woods... What were you talking about the other day? Yeah, well 30 times probably would make you seem crazy. Don't you go to jail for that? Yeah, guess so. How'd you know? Sure. Where are you going? I doubt it. [Beat] I don't think prison's so bad you don't want to remember it... No. That when you stopped being a nurse? I'm sorry. How? Yeah. [Beat] How about you? I guess not. But, as of now, I never knew either. They told me I joined the army when I was seventeen. That's when my father died and, before that, it was apparently just me and him since I was born 'cause my mom split. But hey, who can forget those words? The man just wants simple and good things for his woman -- that she be warm and happy. How hard can that be to remember? This is a great song. You don't think that's crazy? [Beat] Why? I don't know, but I think part of it's... [Beat] Why'd you stop? Have you always been a waitress? You like it? So you're a waitress, right? I mean...from the uniform you were wearing. Thanks. Sure. I only lit it because it was so cold in here. I'm sorry if... The best I could do with what was in your fridge. [Beat] Yeah, I'm fine. No, I'm ok. I'll manage. Nothing. [Getting up] Thanks for bringing me this far. No. [Beat] Not around here. No. [Beat] I was dropped off. Well, you definitely didn't pick normal or simple this time either. Why "of course"? I'm not sure. [Beat] I don't really know. I don't think so. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. [Beat] Thanks. [Beat] I'm not deaf.Here! I should have read the fine print. I love you Holly, thanks. God, I think I need a holiday. You could give me your baseball, so I can drive this bastard nuts.....He's been playing chequers for eight hours and still hasn't won a game. If I cut a deal, I'm not staying in this country and I want Holly to come with me. So, if she doesn't come here today, you're going to have to get her to me tomorrow; after I call, promise? You're in the clear, keep it that way, I'll be okay. 42 56 76......... Okay, you wait at Dave's for my call tomorrow, if you don't hear from me by three o'clock, send that note and get out of the country fast. Good, what's his number? Get me one of the disks. Ask a Czech girl to smuggle it in to me this evening. Put the others in a locker and write the details in a note to Reuters and be ready to send it, if this doesn't work. You'd better keep clear of your apartment too. Do you know someone with a phone? Siberia. No point, it'll be in Czech and God knows what format. But if I'm right, they could be my ticket out of here. Suppose those contained all the file info too? You could have a third or so of it there. What happened to those disks I gave you, have you still got them? It was all in Czech wasn't it. Maybe, but I've started to wonder what those files were all about. Suppose it was old KGB stuff and had the dirt on big people or maybe the personnel records of the secret police, that might explain all the hassle and the cover-up. Well, it seems they've dropped any charge relating to the files. You know, there is one thing I can't figure out. All along they've been bugging me about those files and when I told them I'd burned all that stuff, they went nuts - they told the Consul guy they were medical records? Now you're using that word. Well, the trial's in two weeks, but I think they've already sentenced me. They just need to check if Siberia can slot me in. I don't know, I'm waiting for the transcript. Yeah. I tell you, they're one big happy family over there. Damn! They're good guys..... Have you seen Holly? He got that one right. I had a visit from the British Embassy. They think I'm a stray soccer hooligan. So I hear. That bad? Tell me some bad news? Chris! Tell me some good news. It's me you want, I'm responsible for all this. Hey Jahn.....You got a name for this thing? The performance is free what more do you want....I've set that old phone up as a donation box and I'll get Jahn to write out a sign....Okay, let's get going. Shit no, it'll be twice cost. Good, and then type up a notice on your computer for tonight's thing, photocopy it and put it up in all the faculty buildings and a couple of the pubs. It'll start at eight o'clock and the bar will be open from seven. Holly and I'll go and get some beer and wine. Can you bankroll the bar for tonight? Take the drill back to Honza at the office, I promised to get it back for the weekend and I don't want to show my face there. Chris, can you do me a favour? Yeah and I got the bruises to prove it. So what? What are you on about? She's cool. It just happened. Holly! Didn't I tell you, she dumped me Monday night. No, the boyfriend. I fell in love. Thanks. Come on Chris, give me a hand. No, We aren't going to do it. Get me a couple of beers and a salami. You're all bloody useless. Have you cleared all the rubble up? I see, you've got your hands too far up your collective arse to pull it out long enough except to drink my bloody wine. Both, see you later. No, it could take me hours. You know what it's like trying to find things in this town, not to mention disposable stuff - I wouldn't think they've ever heard of them. You get the wine and I'll go see if I can rustle up some plastic cups. Not on the opening night, wouldn't look right. Here, let's both put in two hundred crowns. That should get nine or ten bottles of wine. No, I figure once they see the place and we get'em a little drunk, they'll all want to help. We should have that floor done in a day or so. We'd better get some booze in for tonight. Sure, I think it_s your turn to buy too. Well, I think I_ve got a handle on the Czech pysche and I reckon this kind of joint will make _em reminisce about the sixties. Plus we should get a few stray expat_s looking for Kafka. When your ready Son! No, not if you've got better things to do. Afternoon! We don't speak Czech! Look at it this way, it's their contribution. If we'd explained it to them, they'd probably have given it to us anyway. Not yet, we need a few lengths of scaffold. Stealing's stealing, we might as well get what we need. This'll do for the floor and the walkway too. We're going to need it all. Perfect! They'll never get us. Just aiding and abetting if it makes you feel better. No, for the Asylum. Could you handle it if it was in a good cause? Have you ever stolen anything? I had a better idea, we'll burn them. There's a drum across the road; I was just waiting for the workers to go home. We got a party tomorrow night. Can't have the place smelling like shit. See if she can donate some paintings or something to hang on these walls, give it a bit of atmosphere. Need any disks? Is it gone four-thirty? Don't worry if the old lady's there I'll brick it back up. I'll rig up something don't worry - Do you think I could bash through with that little hammer? Well, it's definitely there - We've just got to get to it. Just think though, it would make a hell of a cafe, that way we keep the auditorium clear. No way, it's sealed - if she's in there she's dead. It must be fair old size, suppose it's empty? I'd love to get in there. I don't know. This wall isn't like the rest though, it's not all that old either. It must be on the other side of this. No, it's welded up!....Let's take a look from the inside. I don't know but that used to be a window and I think that was a door. Just save me a little patch and I'll do it later. Perfect, but I can't use it right now, I've got to get these locks done; it's a matter of priorities. Yes, but it suddenly clicked, this is going to be a crazy place and, since the Commies are used to seeking asylum, we can use that in the marketing. None, it's mine - you said it earlier, I'm nuts. No....The Asylum! Nope, not even close. I've thought of a name for this place and you were the inspiration though. Yeah, that was Honza's idea, I had to buy him a few beers in return for the gear. No, why? Good, I love swinging a shovel. Well, don't get carried away. Wow!....What have you been doing, rolling around in it? Yep, except a name for this place. Tell them we're working for the University. No.....But I think Honza at the office has. You keep shifting this crap and I'll take care of the locks, shouldn't take long. Take a break for lunch and I'll catch you up later. I'm making history Chris, nothings going to stop me. There could be a knighthood for us in this, once President Havel hears. I'll drill the locks and replace the barrels, that way it won't cost so much. Later Mate, right now I've got to do the locks on these doors so we don't have to climb through that bloody window every time. Not bad hey, I think I'll add Sparkie to my resume.....Good shovel! Well, we might as well start filling it in now. As long as you leave enough room around that end of the pipe - so I can get to it, we're set. Use them wooden boards to stop it all spilling into the space - We'll neaten it up later. Somehow, I'm going to have to band-aid that thing since we can't really replace it and then put a walkway over it. Sure....As for the crap, I've got an idea. Scout around and see if there's something, check that other corridor. If there's nothing, nip out and buy a broom and shovel. Don't worry, I'll give you a hand as soon as I can. Too right....Now the other thing we've got to do is start clearing up the rubble. Can you make a start on that? No, he was talking about girls, I think. No, but like my dad said, "There's only so many ways you can wire a plug". Yeah, that could be job number two. I think it's a sewer. Great. Let's say nine o'clock here tomorrow. Catch you later partner. You got my word on it. Damn right it is, it's a chance to do something meaningful for a change, to leave our mark on this town. Hell, you'll probably be gone in another six months and all you'll have done is taught some kids the lines to a Led Zep' song - c'mon, don't run out on me now! Chris, what if I were to cut you in as partner in this project - together we could make it swing, all it needs is a good clean out and the power on, then we're in business. You were right Jahn, it's a great space..... Hey, Chris. Do you want to come and look? Okay, it's in here somewhere. Let's keep it quiet. It's big, right Jahn? Well, it's like I said, there's a ton of empty buildings around here and most of them were apparently given back to the city, so they're not private.... Now, Jahn here is an drama student at the University. He knows of a building that they were going to turn into a puppet theatre - they even began work on it, until they ran out of money. No "if's" or "but's" it's a cinch. Do you want to know what the icing is? Well, providing we're treated like Czechs and we squat something that's not privately owned, we should be in the clear; at least DOUG until they get an eviction order and bring in the bailiffs. Good news comrades, it's better than we'd hoped. Lubosh filled me in on the legal side of squatting here and it's a piece of cake. These guys think the West is just MTV and Hollywood movies. We've got to show them there's more to it. Maybe, but someone's got to make a stand. What we need is a space for real performance art. A cultural exchange for radical expressionism. Right and not just the bar, Lubosh and his mates took the whole freakin' building. No, it's the whole idea behind it. How did they get this place? An alternative literary venue! This place is getting expensive too, used to be twelve. What did the beer cost? Hmm..Smells good. Cheers! That's Lubosh, the greatest fiddle player in Prague. You must have seen him playing with Johnny on the bridge. ......Come on, let's grab a table. Just because they've got a choice of four McDonalds, doesn't mean they can afford a cheeseburger. It all comes down to ideology and they've lost theirs. If I'd been here ten years ago, maybe they wouldn't be in the mess they are today. I don't have the money for those Bourgeois traps. Hell, I'm making what a Czech earns. No, just crap. I want some picture frames. Yeah, let's check out the low-life. You're outnumbered Kat two to one, got to go with the majority, that's democracy. Well, this place is too expensive so you've had it. You guys having a go a me or what? Inspirations a fickle thing, you don't realise you had it till it's gone. No you don't get it. Every cabby in town knows this joint. So where's the mystery, the danger? Yeah, but it's not just that. To the Czech mind, any movement, whether political or literary should be underground. If it isn't, then it's not radical and not worthy of a look-in. Yeah right!....I don't know, something isn't right with this place, it's all too sterile and staged. Do you ever wonder why there's no Czechs here? Wanker more like, what does he know about writing. What is it with that Josh guy? Who does he think he is shoving that Reflections rag down our throats? Yeah, group bloody therapy time. What's that? A Democrat with an attitude! Sure, they wanted to know if I ever voted Conservative. Regards to Her Majesty. They didn't look like medical files to me. No! No! That's my mum's. Yes. Yes. So am I. You mean your NOT going to spring me? Good morning. Yeah, maybe. I could pencil you in if you like? We should be done by the weekend. I'd like to talk with you about doing some performance poetry here....A weekly thing. Here's the details. No! Look Lawrence, I've taken over the lease on a theatre downtown and I'm throwing a party tomorrow night to show it off. It's going to be for alternative arts, but I need some help to finish it off, can you put the word out? I've been around. Hey, Lawrence how are you doing mate? Not this time, Kat. It was a mistake, I never wanted to hurt you, but it had to end sooner or later and now, well now I love someone else. Forget about me Kat. There's nothing there for me. No Kat, I lied to you, I hate England and I don't ever want to live there again. I'm no good for you Katka, besides I won't be able to stay in Prague. I hope so! Thanks. Look, I love you Katka but I'm twelve years older, I could never marry you, it'd be stupid, you know that! No, I love you, really. Right now, yeah - you're talking crap. I'm not a bloody teenager okay, I told you I can't do that shit. That's not true, we have a great time together. I've said I'm sorry. Let's forget about it and go stop by my place, so I can get changed. No. Beer please! Do you want another drink? Yeah, you're right.... I've got an idea! I want you so bad. She'll be asleep soon, maybe we could do it quietly under the sheets. It's bad news when you can't even bribe kids. Let's have a look anyway. I hope you're going to invite me in? No, not just yet. Kat, I'm in paradise. I don't ever want to leave. Nonsense, we can pick up the tram on the other side, it won't take any longer. Come on! Let's walk over the bridge, we haven't done that for a while. I'm sorry but it's been a crazy evening. I'm going to make that place into something big. God, I love you! Alright, I'm coming. It's the perfect place Jahn, thanks. Okay, whatever. Come on Chris! Don't worry it's okay! Look Kat it'll only take ten minutes. Without Jahn I might never find it... We'll just have a quick look and then you and I'll hit a tram. Look, just hear me out, okay? Don't give me this Kat, I'm doing it for you and your country. No I'm not, I came to Prague looking for something - this could be it! You're everything a guy could want. A word of advice my celibate friend. These Czech girls look like dynamite and go like it, but don't be fooled; there's a price to be paid and it's going up fast. Right Kat? Whatever! So what's it going to be, Coogan's or U Vayvudoo? How about you Brutus? I'll get the drinks, but not here. Let's split. I can't stand this any more, it's murdering my respect for literature. Well not any more, now I'm a serious writer and above this crap. Ooh, well excuse me. I think he's jealous of Havel. Lawrence is getting derogatory again. Cool....So, if we say eight o'clock. Great....How long will it go for? Don't worry. Thanks. Don't go making it too simple, we're on the cutting edge here. Great. And your all set for the performance? Yep, it's all yours. Donations only! And make the thing non-lingual, so everyone gets a handle on it. Look, if you can get them to finish it by Friday, you and your friends can do the opening performance that night. There's three thousand crowns, it's all I got. Well, I want them to put down a floor and a walkway. So I hear, do you know some of the stage hands? Later. Jahn, I've been let down by the guys who were going to do the flooring. They brought the materials but took my money and ran. You guys have a school theatre don't you? Hey Chris, keep an eye on things. Interesting. Do reckon I could fit through here? Don't worry, I've got lots of friends. And, since it's only two streets away, I suggest we go take a look. Now! It's perfect, you've done a great job. Good, great....Dobchay! Yeah, great....Dobchay! It will dry, yes? Okay? What for? Deal! Two hundred dollars, make it six thousand crowns? Henry, I've been working my tail off on this. Look, all I need is a little cash to loosen up some tongues and you've got the scoop. It'll send those scum-bags down for life; be a big feather in the cap for the Bugler and your board of directors back home! You can hold back this months pay-check until I come through with the story. I'm in close with these guys, it isn't easy, but slowly they're opening up to me. Give me a month and I'll blow their movement wide open. Henry, these guys already push most of the drugs in this town and now they want to move into pornography, right? Believe me, it won't stop there either, next it'll be a church and pretty soon they'll have their own department store or something...... Henry, we've got to stop them. The foundation's got to put an end to it! That's only the half of it. I've heard a rumour they're taking over a theatre to use for alternative arts; you know what that means? You mean you don't know, Henry! We got a bunch of anarchists, controlling a six-level block of luxury apartments down on Janovska street here in the Old Town, and you don't know about it? How do I know what's being said? You mean it's started? Will this thing take long? Will they free me? Any chance of getting me out on bail? Cool....Either of you know the way to Krakow? Where did you steal the car? Oh shit, yeah. Can you lend some more money? Head the flyers up with Asylum and then put Debut of....Psychosis, Theatre experimental. That'll cover us if it flops. On the bottom put seek Asylum where the stars shine on Betlemska. Alright! Hmm, I still owe him. How did he look? Run into Josh? Did you take your things over to my place? Sure! Sometimes. Guests. I had it coming from someone. I'll be okay, just get me home. One beer, one coffee, thanks. What would you like, beer? Yeah seems okay. Yeah, we'd better keep them for now, I'll try and get some glasses for tomorrow night. I know, some are trapped, usually by money. No, I'm just running scared, same as everyone else. I moving more to Communism now it's dying out. It's a student magazine networked through Eastern Europe and funded by Republican do-gooders back in the States. Well, I've failed at everything else I've done and I can't hack it as a journalist, even for the Bugler. The way I look at it, I've carried the camel to water and stuffed it's head under - if it doesn't drink now, we might as well shoot the thing and call it a day. Alright, go help Chris shovel up the last of the crap. We don't need you. Sure as long as you don't bring that prick Josh. Thanks Lawrence. I'll put one on the notice-board too. Well she sure isn't normal. That's okay I like the metro, it's only a couple of stops from here. We had a deal! Central station, locker number 139 - combination JFK. Yeah! I'll need to make a phone call. How do I know this isn't a trap? And the students? The choice is yours, it's not negotiable. First, I want to walk free with a letter, in English, from the Prosecutor General dropping all charges. Second, I want two first class tickets to London leaving tonight and three thousand crowns in a stamped envelope. Lastly, all actions against the students are to be stopped! I didn't get to see what's on the disks but I can guess. Do you want to hear my terms or not. Not all of them! I lied to you, I didn't destroy the floppy disks. Thanks, but I don't intend to stay. No! A kind of freedom. It was the biggest I could find. Fuck you! That's right. Yes, they had nothing to do with it. No way, he even gave me back pay. Come on, that shit can wait. Great, let's break for lunch and I'll buy you a beer on the way. No problem, is it at your place? Give me a break, will you. How often do I ask you for something? Come on, don't me give a hard time. I'm just trying to make the place look nice for Katka. And a fifty foot extension lead? Nothing. I've got to put up some kitchen shelves that's all. You've got one haven't you? No, just a drill. Working....Under cover.Alright, I'll see to it and things'll be just as they were, okay? Will you come home and forget all about him? You really are a piece of work, you know that? You walk out on me and my family for some worthless bum and you expect us to help him when he screws up. So, what have you got to say for yourself? Was he good in bed? Of course Darling, you'd like to apologise? Honey what a pleasant surprise, sorry to keep you waiting. Shall I look after the rest? Yeah and you're a slut, so what? It's more than what you're worth. That's my bag. Come on Holly! It's time to go home, Holly. Well, for a start, you've got to get cleaned up. I think we should be going honey. Okay honey, but don't be long. I got plans. Yeah, so I hear. Don't you think you should go get changed? Well come on, sit down. See you brought one of the patients with you too. All I'm saying Honey is run the thing past me for Christ's sake before you get up and broadcast the crap. Shit Honey, you could've told me. People might think it's about us! When the hell did you write that?I insist, it is the least we can do. Yes, you are free to go, Karel here will drive you home. Good, wait here, it will not take long and then you may go. Release Mr Greenwell's possessions. Would you like your things now? You may use my office. You have the letter and my word, if you wish you may wait upstairs....Now, where are the disks? I have the Director's word, there will be no action against them. You may go once we have the disks. I'm not sure it's possible. What is it you want? You are playing a very dangerous game, I suggest you make it easy on yourself and tell me where they are. Good try Mr. Greenwell but a little late. We have analyzed the contents of that drum, the remains of the disks are there, just as you said. Really! We'll have to see what more we can do for you, while you are still our guest. Enjoying our hospitality? Either you're a liar or you are a fool. What was the real purpose behind this venture? Why did you break into that particular building? You will wish you hadn't. And you broke into that room? This is your doing? Very well. What if his accomplices have made copies? And there has been enquiries from the American Embassy maybe they are involved? And what of these foreigners? It was crazy not to have destroyed them I don't understand it, there were a lot of people there last night, many Americans, I believe we should move carefully. Some Americans? Yes, I think so, it is still barred, but it is not the University who are in the building. The building has been occupied and the locks have been changed. We're not sure... The files are in a sealed room and the University are under strict orders to stay away. In a building belonging to the University in the Old Town. This press we cannot control. Americans, I think.I LOVE YOU, DOMINO. <i>Are you all right?</i> <i>That's the crew. They follow us.</i> <i>They can do subtitles.</i> <i>Morning.</i> <i>Holy shit... this bitch is fierce.</i> What? Did it hurt? What about your toe? Don't fuck with me, Ed. Not you, not tonight. You know what I'm talking about, did you fuck her? Maybe you should fuck her mom then. <i>The children like to urinate in the balls.</i> <i>Chinga te y tu mama tambien.</i> <i>I'm gonna kill you, Ed.</i> <i>We gotta bring him in.</i> <i>He killed two children.</i> Where are we going? <i>I forgot.</i><i>Promise me... you won't tell her... that I never fucked Pat Benatar.</i> Promise me... you won't ever tell Domino. What do you think, dumbshit? Anything to get the fuck out of dodge. Oh! And another thing. I am a liar. A pathological liar. There was no day in Danang, no multiple tours in Nam. Just lies to get laid, lies to get respect. Truth is... I'm scared shitless all the time. I just charged $12.95 to our room for that movie. Now I'll never know how the story ends. So what? Fella could get used to a life this ordinary. Fuckin' A! We got a five hour drive back to LA ahead of us. <b> EXT. MACDONALD'S -- PARKING LOT -- MOMENTS LATER </b> Choco is now stripped down to his boxer shorts in the back PARKING LOT of the MacDonald's. Alf is hosing him down. Domino stares at Choco... admiring his body. Jesus Christ! What's that smell? Tell him it's not cute. Will you tell him, Domino!? Will you speak the fucking English language? The poor girl has no clue what you're talking about. The boy speaks English, you know. Reads, writes, I swear it. He does this when he's around girls. Thinks it's cute. Fella takes out two kids and has the audacity to not show up for trial. Bail jumper's name is Cookie Kincaid. Nineteen years old. His mommie posted bail when he was arrested for allegedly partaking in a drive-by shooting in Hawthorne. On a raid. If she wants to see justice... we gonna take Domino to the Jungle, baby. <b> EXT. JUNGLE -- NEXT </b> The El Camino pulls into the entrance to the JUNGLE. The neighborhood of LOW INCOME HOUSES winds upward into the HILLSIDE adjacent to the wall. Ed parks the El Camino next to the curb. <b> INT. EL CAMINO -- NEXT For the love of God. Not Spanish again. Who's the girl? Alright. Time to ditch this thing. Did you take a look at the bathroom window? Hello? We need hostages. Celebrity hostages. Just in case this gets ugly. <b> EXT. NEVADA DESERT -- LATER ON </b> The Cast Winnebago drives through the desert. Yep. Claremont, you're a chubby chaser. We are so fucked. Make us a pot of coffee, Edna. It's gonna be a long night. <b> EXT. FENDER COMPOUND -- MOMENTS LATER </b> Edna stands next to her MAIMED SON near the burning barrels as they watch the Winnebago drive off into the desert. Locus is sobbing... latching onto his mother's sweater. What did he say about the arm? Claremont said we deliver the First Ladies in Needles. Then we go home. No questions asked. No. What's the big deal? There are no bond certificates. Everyone... please give Domino her space. Step back, please! Cool it, Choco. Can you tell? <i>We gotta go to work, Domino.</i> What the fuck is your problem? Bitch!! <b> INT. SOPHIE TROMAS MANSION -- KITCHEN -- DAY </b> Domino is loading her GUN at the kitchen table as Sophie serves breakfast. Domino wolfs it down. I found him pan-handling on Third Street Promenade. Took him under my wing. We been hunting together ever since. We dated off and on for two years. But life on the road is tough. The pressure of the tour... relationships within a band... sometimes it leads to jealousy. Yeah?! Well... I loved her too. Yeah. I played base guitar for Pat Benatar. I was a musician. Domino. Do you have a last name... Domino? You want to be a bounty hunter. Why does a pretty little thing like you want to be a bounty hunter? What the... <i>who is this bitch?</i> <b> EXT. HAWTHORNE COMMUNITY CENTER -- PARKING LOT -- NEXT </b> Ed and Choco exit the El Camino just as Domino retrieves her knife from the windshield. She grips it in her right hand... threatening them. Wow. Laurence Harvey. He knew Frank Sinatra? I knew Frank. Don't fuck with us, Edna! There are at least three more limbs where that one came from! ...THEN SHUT THE FUCK UP! Do you know where Danang is? Son, with the exception of Spring Break in Tijuana, have you ever ventured outside of California? SPEAK ENGLISH! JESUS CHRIST WE'RE ON TELEVISION HERE!Isn't she great? What did I tell you? A talent. Say it again. This is a great young out-of-work actress. Paisley Porter. I didn't know you were waiting tables. She was very evasive. About an hour and a half ago. I saw her come out of a place. She said she was visiting a friend. But she wouldn't tell me who. Paisley Porter. Keep going west. Last building before the river. The American theater doesn't need people like that. There are things that speak to us from the past. `The most interesting thing about Elliot Litvak is that he writes the way he looks -- fuzzy, grubby and shifty-eyed.' I'm telling you as a friend. He'll kill it. He'll write a review so devastating it will shatter your career and cause the most unmanageable psychic grief. What happens to your apartment on the East River? Your house in Connecticut, where you watch things grow. It's your best play, Nicky. We're talking about something deeper than grudges. How do we respond to personal attack? No, we're not. That was a big mistake. Where is it? Then you should carry a gun. What about the haircut? Where are you going? The man has taken over my mind. He's not only out there. He's in my head and I can't get rid of him. I can't write a word without imagining his response. I'm paralyzed as an artist. I'm not ready. You say we go? I think we Nought to wait. Is it safe? I said, `I'm dead'. He killed me. Do you want me to tell you what it was like, reading that review at the newstand with trucks rumbling past and street vendors facing Mecca? I recite it to myself with masochistic relish. Steven Schwimmer. I memorized every word of this review. Before his Broadway days. He reviewed the one-act I did at the Fulton Fish Market. We did this play at four AM, outdoors in the rain. One performance. For the fish handlers. That's what I said eighteen months ago. It is just a review. Do not inhale. Very dangerous. You will suffer because he is in the theater. And you will suffer a thousandfold when his review appears. Shit. They don't have any carrot soup. Tonight you find out what it means to suffer. What do I exude? I can tell you the year, the day, the night, the minute. Do not inhale. Asbestos lining. Joanna Bourne. So rich and crisp. This woman lets you touch her body? You put your hands on her personal parts? But didn't we know it would happen? That sounds so final. But are we really surprised? Don't talk like that. How is Lillian? I haven't seen her. Press a button and they give us money. Quietly effective. A lovely piece of theater. Small but important. Nicky. I was thinking about you. I went to the preview last night.Did you see the winning run score? What are we talking about? I think you're a little confused. Nothing personal friend. Unbelievable.Show him who we are. So what are you going to do about it? You tell your friends your father used to work the docks. Callused hands. But you had an attitude when you were growing up that wasn't easy for your mother and me to understand. You didn't think it was okay when you lived here. You wanted to get out so fast I thought you were running a marathon. I'm lucky they don't knock down the building. It could happen anytime. And everything worth remembering is right here. `Why doesn't he come live with us?' Because everything is here. I lost it. I lose everything. I can't find it. My back is killing me. Since when did that matter? Don't make me sit through one of your plays. But the son is suppose to stop crying. It's one thing for kids. You get older, you Nhave other things. The Red Sox are your problem. I never understood about you and the Red Sox. Everybody rooted for the Yankees. They're only gonna lose. You know the answer to that. Five's not so many. There were families with seven kids. A grandmother. A dimwit uncle. Get yourself something to eat. It was rummy, not poker. But I'll take a chance and let you in. Where does Nicky get his hair cut? If it's you, what are you doing here? Nicky comes on Sunday's. What do you want? Where the hell are you? Go way. I'll call a cop. Who is it?That's where I peed. I drove twelve hours straight through. Ate at the wheel. I never left the garage without my Windex. Do not inhale. We must abandon. What do you mean, we must abandon? Crosstown. I wrapped my sandwiches in tinfoil. I ate and drove. I had one of those big checkered cabs. I loved my taxi. Went twelve hours nonstop. Stopped only to pee. I peed under the Manhattan bridge. Peed many times in parks and playgrounds. What did you find? Very big. I used to drive a taxi. Had to be him. What do you mean? How do you Eknow. Shoot him, Nicky. Not that we really mean it. But where does he live? Shoot him. What? We were thinking of putting in a pool. He'll hate it. In other words why should we suffer silently at this kind of abuse? The man is out there ruining lives. I'm not a lonely spooky writer like you. Nursing a hundred grudges. I'm a man who loves life. We're making too much of this. I gave it away. I thought, I'm a writer now. I used to carry a gun when I drove a cab. He carries a gun. Don't wait Efor me. I don't have the problems that artists have. Here we go. Do not inhale. I say we go. Do we care? What was it like? A year and a half later? You're still brooding? That's awful. And he was there? What happened eighteen months ago? What's the fuss? I don't get it. It's just a review. You mean because What's-His-Name. Tonight. What's tonight? Suffering. You exude a person who sits in a small dark apartment eating soft white bread. You used to love life. You don't exude this any more. I'm trying to think. When did you start looking so terrible? You look awful. We must abandon. Very dangerous. Don't needle me, Elliot. Tell me how bad you feel. We're suppose to feel bad together. This is what friends do. I'm completely stunned. I don't want this to happen. It's over, finished and done with. She wants a divorce. Ride with me. We need a haircut. You're an artist. I'm a craftsman. Shut up, Elliot. I don't want to hear about it. You're not making sense. Make sense. Of course I saw it. Yes. What are you implying? What are you talking about? Classic. Great game. They'll lose because they're my team. It's all worked out. They'll lose tonight. Then they'll lose tomorrow. I see it with stunning clarity. The Red Sox blow a chance to win their first World Series since 1918. You expect me to miss that for an opening night? We don't even like each other, do we? In and out of bed. This is how we've managed to last. Three games to two. But if you know their history, you realize there's a tragedy in the making. I've been carrying this franchise on my back since I was six years old. The Red Sox They can send their heartless brilliant boy-critic. There's a much bigger thing going on than tonight's opening. Look. All I want is a haircut. I'm not worried about this guy. About what? I've got bigger problems, Joanna. Personal problems. Can he get through it? Our Peter? I talked to her two days ago. She's dying. You know about Adele. I hear Alan's sick. I see the outline of your body in chalk on this very floor. There's nothing left for me to lie about. Everything. I'll see you all the time. I'll get a place right nearby. One room. No distractions. We'll talk. Look. I'm sorry you keep running into dishonest men. But you're only eighteen. We can still turn it around. Can we talk later? Will you be at the party? And you blame me. It's because we never talk. Let's talk. Take it yourself. Take a date. Opening night? Laurel. Tickets are all set. I double-checked. This person and I are a thing of the total past. I promise you. Don't call her Mother all the time. It makes her sound tragic and unforgiving. What happened to Mom? Your mother and I have something between us that's too strong to damage permanently. Believe me, I know this. That's right, nineteen years. And what about the days and minutes? Sharing small moments, sharing memories, raising a beautiful child. We're wedded in the deepest and strongest ways. Lillian isn't only my wife. She's my best friend. You're too young to be studying criminal behavior. It's making you obsessive. Don't be so steely-eyed. It's that course you're taking in criminology. I just had breakfast with her. She didn't say a word about this. If lawyers for the mob are called controversial, why are divorce lawyers called prominent? And he hears it the same time I hear it? What happened to family secrets? Don't talk like that. How prominent? What are you implying? That's completely crazy. Why do you need a radio? What do you want to talk about? I'll talk about anything. What's this? Do you want to get some coffee? I never see you anymore. Where are you all day? I feel great. I feel impeccably alive. I'm elated. Eat something. Please. I love you. We did it in the office. She thought her apartment was too impersonal. It was an animal thing. No real intimacy. I am really, deeply sorry. I'm a man. She's, you know, a woman. Alma Wetzel. I had an affair -- are you sure you want to hear this? There may be things you'd rather not know about. Laurel wants us to be honest and open. Let's be open with each other. I went because you went. You smoked because I smoked. You smoked because I smoked. We were falling in love, remember? I used to see certain movies only because you had seen them. I wanted to see what you saw. And you've been extremely patient. The whole thing is my fault. I took unfair advantage of your patience and understanding. You understand me. Opening night, Lillian. Bring me the bay scallops with mercury poisoning. I'll have whatever she's having. How prominent? All right. What's been going on? We stranded five runners in the first two innings. This will come back to haunt us. Two-all after six. Life is real. This could be it! A thousand things. It's Stanley. It's the Steamer. Fate has spoken to this man in the depths of the night. One more out. All the failures, all the fatalism. I don't know if I can say that. Life is good. They're always winning. Until they lose. I respect a kid who does his homework in a taxi. But let's put a lid on the questions. This place becomes famous. Tour buses. Blind people feeling around for bullet holes in the wall. What do you want me to do? I was in a hurry to do big things, make big mistakes. Any mistakes were okay as long as it was big. But I'm trying to see these things clearly and honestly. That's the play they're going to kill starting tonight. There's a guy out there getting ready to rip it apart. And that's us. Who we were and where we come from. Normal boy's ambition. I like coming back. You know that. I think the building's okay. At least for the time being. I know, Pop. I'll go get you another one. You have to wear it. You're suppose to wear it when your back gives you trouble. Where's your elastic brace? Let's not start that again. Hey, Pop. I know you don't like the commotion of opening night. But I especially want you to see this play. It's new territory for me. And for you too. I have to know what you think. You'll need these. Tonight. For the play. I could have grown up happy. A Yankee fan. A divorce lawyer. It's all connected, Pop. It's one life. Baseball is memory. How do fathers and sons show their love? They go to a ball game together. Thirty-five years later, they sit in the kitchen and remember. Remember 1949? Last two games of the season. Against the Yankees. The Sox lost on Saturday. Then they lost on Sunday. First I cried for twenty-four hours. Then I had fist- fights the rest of the week. Of course they're gonna lose. We'll watch them lose. What good is heartbreak if we don't experience it firsthand? I do know the answer to that. Why don't we watch the ball game later? We'll go to Mannion's. Lillian says it once a week. `Why doesn't he come live with us?' We must have been heroic. It's a constant shock to me, how small this place is. How did we do it? Five people in these little rooms. Across Ninth Avenue. Dodgie's. Where you've been getting your hair cut for fifty years. Where Uncle Billy and Uncle Marty got their hair cut. Where Jim Rorty shot a man for cheating at poker. I'm on my way to get a haircut. Where are your glasses? Go get them. It's me. Nicky. Right here. At the door. Pop, will you let me in? I'm at the door. This could be it! It's a test all right. They're bringing in Stanley. Because life is good. All the times I died when the Red Sox lost an important game they should have won. All the awful things I said to my mother and father. To Tmy wife and daughter. He used to love losers. But the laws of physics changed. This is something no one has been privileged to see in almost seventy years. Very few people now alive can say that they have seen what you are about to see, Matthew. The Red Sox win a World Series. This is deeply, intensely personal. All the mistakes I've made, all the envy, fear and violence that's encased in this little envelope we call a person -- all washed away in the next few minutes. And your grandmother knows why. I don't know. Life is good. I want to say it because my whole life may depend on these next few moments. I want to believe. "It looked extremely rocky for the Boston nine that day." Winning is easy. Losing is complicated. It's a lifetime's work. It's a complicated subject. I don't know Toyota. What does he do? Wife and daughter. My father's still alive. He outlives me, starting tonight. Because the Mets just tied the score. It was only a matter of time, wasn't it? It's complicated. It's a whole life. A person doesn't commit an act of violence out of nowhere. There are strong forces at work. That's my cousin, Angelo. Hey, Toyota. He asked me a question. What am I doing? Look, we're stuck here front and back. It's dinnertime for you, game time for me. Let's park the cab and go to Mannion's. What do you say, Matthew? We'll drink beer and talk baseball. Now that's a complicated subject. It's the kid's lucky day. A grandmother. God bless you. How come you got the kid with you? Call me Frankie. And it looks like we're going nowhere. Some little kid stole the hubcaps. Oh yeah? Everybody else does. Why not you? And you're not saying that because of the gun in my hand? What about my play? I was six years old the day Pesky hesitated throwing home and Slaughter scored all the way from first. That's when I knew the Red Sox were my team. Pity and terror. If you're such a devoted fan, why were you at the play tonight instead of the game? Answer carefully. This is important. You could have gone to the theater last night. There was no game last night. I went to college in Boston so I could be near the Red Sox. I took summer classes and the cut them to go to the game. My wife is from Boston. Lillian Ziegler? No. They're not your team. They're my team. Why do you care? Why does it matter? I've had three straight washouts, Sidney. Postpone. We have every right. 'm not worried about this kid. hat was this morning. appreciate that, Sidney. But our leading man can't remember his lines. And his understudy can't carry the play. aybe we ought to postpone the opening. You're not making sense. Eleventh inning. What else? Have to hurry back. When the Mets lose, they just lose. It's a flat feeling. But the Red Sox -- here we have a rich history of interesting ways to lose a crucial game. Defeats that keep you awake, that pound in your head like the hammer of fate. I hate the Mets. Finally, I get a waiter who doesn't know "Macbeth". Get the hell out of here. I don't want you bringing our food. Send a real waiter. Why? What do you mean? This could be it. And the Father replies? Yes. Yes. Mine was cobalt blue. What was your favorite color crayon, growing up? You have to see the words. Try to build a mental picture of the script. Imagine your lines high- lighted with a felt tip pen. Yes, Peter. Yes. Yes. Sidney Fabrikant. Our producer. Sidney remains optimistic. I'm actually beginning to enjoy this. Yes. What? Come on, Paisley. Yes. I know you both. Enough. How much knowledge does it take before a man does something crazy. So everything. That's so what. So I begin to hate him. So I want to do him grave harm. There's a certain kind of wounded young man who uses his oddness to get laid. Is that our Steven? Someone waiting for you? Where are you going now? I don't know. But you're his friend. He wears a disguise. Is it true? I'm trying to prolong our afternoon. In case you haven't noticed. Would you like to meet him? So do I. Over and over. I was all noise. Played the radio loud. Battled constantly with my brother and sister. Here I am, world. You keep slipping away. How do you do that? One more time. You know what. Say it again. Elliot wants to kill him with a railroad spike. Endearing. And he has finer moments now and then. Oh. You know him. So does Elliot. There was a review. You've worked with Elliot? What's good?Game six is history,pal. Hurry back. Hurry back to what? How come?Shut up! Shut up and get on the floor ! Bullshit! Mars, watch the cops! Kevin! Watch the back of the house! Get on the floor ! You're not goin' anywhere! Get on the fuckin' floor! Stay down! Stay down , goddamnit! Am I talkin' raghead?! I want your car! Gimme the goddamned keys ! Don't go Rambo and you'll tell'm about this on the back nine. I'm gonna tie you up, then we're gonna take your car. She'll be dead if you don't put your ass in that chair! Then we might as well die rich. Fuck it's over. That money's mine. Kevin, you're so fuckin' stupid... The only way he can keep the cash is if nobody knows about it. He's gotta cap all three of us before they even read our rights. He's probably planning it right now. If we don't escape, we gotta get the word out about the cash. That's how we'll stay alive. For chrissake, please ! Help me celebrate! I figured it out! We're fucked until we think of a way out; then we're rich. I've been carrying you our whole fuckin' lives. Not if they're looking at something else. These bushes follow the wall into the neighbor's yard. All we need is some kind of diversion and we're home free. That's why we tied him, dumbass. Now come here and see this -- Jesus, first Mars, now you. You two need anti-depressants. Are you totally stupid? What does it look like? You're being stupid. Check out the bathroom. Maybe we can sneak out a window -- Bullshit. Why would Mars do that? We gotta find a way outta here is what we gotta do! Stop it! They found the truck, Kev! They're already behind us! We're surrounded by houses, dumbass. Every house has a car in the garage. All we have to do is take one. That's why we gotta keep going. I'm not gonna go in for murder. Shut up, goddamnit! Just calm down! I didn't know he would have a gun! It just went off! Because if you don't take the chance, you're already dead. Not if they don't catch us, Kevin. Try to act cool, okay? He's gonna think you're a dick. Mars?! Whattaya think, dude? Out here on the edge, no one around, it's perfect, right? It ain't been a good day, Chief. There's a million dollars in there, maybe two million. I'll give you half. Two hundred thousand cash, right in your pocket, no one needs to know. Maybe that's what I'm doing. Can I reach in my pocket, show you something? Would you be in a hurry to go to prison for the rest of your life? You got a sniper out there, gonna shoot me? You'll cap my ass as soon as I step out the door! Fuck that! You bastards will jump me! Okay. We been through that. Forget it. You oughta try on the problem I got in here. That you, Talley? You're a funny guy, Talley. What? I'll give you these people. I want a helicopter to take us to Mexico. Talley? We'll burn this fuckin' place down! I got gasoline all over in here! I got these people! You try to come get me, I'll kill every fuckin' one of them! Fuck that. They're the only thing stopping you from blowing us away. How about the cop? You don't have to explain shit! That Chinaman pulled a gun. We wrestled for it. That Chinaman shot himself. They're fine. Fuck you. I'm running this shit. You talk to me. We're cool. Yeah. I'm Rooney. You with the cops? Take'm back upstairs, but don't tie'm like before. That little fuck untied himself anyway. Aw, Jesus, not more of this. Use more ice. Hey, I've got a situation here, in case you haven't noticed. Shut up and sit down. You think someone's gonna make a house call? Who else is here? Jesus, get upstairs and find out! If he took those kids, we're fucked! Shit ! That fuck ! Even when I want to turn myself in he screws it up! Did he take the kids with him? You mean he left , as in went out the front door? Fuckin' A. You got something to say? Cops want to be rich like everyone else. All we have to do is share. And if he wants someone to swing for the Chinaman, we'll give'm Mars. What the fuck is that? We don't have time! The cops are comin'! Find something, Kevin. Don't just stand there. And tie this bastard, too. I don't want him waking up and goin' Rambo on us. That's right. That's a good idea, Mars. We can take it with us. Who gives a shit, Mars? Check out the cash! We're rich.I'm not going to die for this! That money's fucked up your brain. Talley's going to get tired of waiting for us to give up, and we'll all be fuckin' killed! It's over. We have to give up. That's crazy. He's not going to kill us. What are you talking about? Celebrate what? Going to prison? There is no way out. We're fucked. We can't carry all this. It's too heavy. Like what? That's crazy, Dennis. The cops will see us. Someone should stay with Mr. Smith. What if he wakes up? Everyone knows what we look like, Dennis. We won't be able to hide. Jesus. What is this? I was there , Dennis! I saw ! It's like he wanted to shoot that cop. That cop didn't pull his gun. Mars lied. He just started shooting! It's about Mars -- I have to tell you something -- We should give up. All we're doing is making it worse. We could've gone out the back! You didn't have to shoot! We're on foot. We can't get away. What if he's dead? What if you killed him? That woman's gonna call the cops. There's fuckin' blood all over you! We got jobs, man; we're working. Why even take the chance? Robbing this place is gonna put you back in prison. C'mon, Dennis, this is stupid. I thought we were gonna go to the movies. Dennis and Mars are in the den. I'll get your brother, then come back for you. We'll go down the stairs and out the front door, you understand? All three of us will go, but we have to move fast. Mars and Dennis don't know I'm doing this. Do you want to go or not? I'm offering you a way out of here. Keep your voice down. I'm taking you and your brother out of here. He's just knocked out. I've been knocked out. Whatever. Either I'm going to tie you or Mars will tie you. Which do you want? You gotta pee? Mars? What are you doing?Goddamned small town bullshit. -- then when you get him, you damn near assault the man in the ambulance! What is going on ? I'm not stupid! You can't get out of here fast enough, then you take back command; you agree to wait on Smith, then you risk everything in a stupid stunt to get him out -- I want to know what in hell you're doing. Excuse me? You requested our help. You turned over command -- You've been here all day, Chief. Take a break. See your family. If I need you, I'll call. Then I think we should wait. Do you agree? Did the boy say that any of them are in immediate danger? If we have a man dying in there, we'll have to go in. Looks like you're bailing out at the right time. Jesus. He must've siphoned it from the cars. Order your men to stand down. Maddox! You got that? Sounds like you know the job. Do it. Laura Martin. This is Will Maddox, the primary negotiator --Where's the office? They've been in there all day. Not until the man calls. You and I are gonna straighten this out with the Sheriffs, and then we'll wait for the man to call. When he gives the word, we move. Think of me that way and you won't fuck up. I'll handle the Sheriffs. I asked you my name. You just saw my commission slip. What's my fucking name? What's my name? Don't worry about what we used to be. In a few minutes the white phone is going to ring. So let's get our shit straight before that happens. Don't be funny, Chief. You can't afford it. Okay, here's mine. My name is Special Agent Jones.Get to work. Fuck guessing. You keep your mouth shut. Don't tell anyone what you're doing, not Louise, not the other guys, not the Sheriffs. You understand me, Larry? Call the Palmdale City Attorney for a telephonic search warrant. When you get the warrant, have Mikkelson and Dreyer search his house. That would be the girl who opened the door. Are the others inside? Don't shout, Larry. I'm three feet away. Mike! Mike, can you hear me? Keep trying. You get anything on Smith? Dead end--it's a clone. What about the Mustang? What'd you find out? Talley. Give up, Dennis. Let these people go. At least you'll have your life. Give up. You picked a bad house to hole up in, son. I'd be trying to get the best deal that I could. You've been in there a long time. What're you waiting for? Only if you try to grab me. We could've shot you from the wall. You've already helped yourself once, Dennis; be smart again. If you save his life, it'll help when you get to court. If you won't let me come in, then put him outside. Let me come get him. Now I understand. That helps. I can make them understand that. We can't forget it. The Sheriffs think you won't let me talk to Smith because he's dead. They think you murdered him. I need you to let me talk to Mr. Smith. The one and only. We got a little problem out here, Dennis. I'm going to put on an officer named Will Maddox. You talk to him for a while. I gotta piss real bad. Hey, Dennis? Can I let you in on a personal secret? The Mexican police would arrest you as soon as it landed. There's only one way out and you're doing it right now--just keep talking to us. I think we could make the transition now. Maddox, you good to go? That's not going to happen, Dennis. They won't give you a helicopter. I'm here. It's over now, Dennis! Don't hurt anyone. We're not coming in there by force, okay? No one wants to hurt you. Dennis? I want you to release those people. Mr. Kim didn't make it, Dennis. He died. All three subjects are confirmed inside. Call off the house-to-house. Okay, Dennis, I want to explain your situation -- How about your two friends? You don't have a man dying in there, do you? Let me speak to Mr. Smith. I want to hear it from him. We had an awful lot of shooting. You need a doctor in there? The Bristo Police Department. Look out the window. You see the car? You have his address? Is Krupchek an aggressive guy? Hot- tempered? Anything like that? Have Louise run the name 'Mars Krupchek' through DMV and NCIC. Tell her to list the tattoo as an identifier. Can you identify this man? I gave the other one to the Sheriffs and they're giving it to the real FBI. This one's a fake. I'll kill you! You won't get the other disk! First my girls. I get my girls, you get the other disk. Close. You get the other one when I have my girls. Not talk to them; have them. You said they would be here! You said they would be here, goddamnit! Where are they? Yeah. I think you got no choice. My wife and my daughter and the money. I'll bring the disks to the mall by the freeway, you bring my family. We'll trade. I also have a couple of million in cash. Call Sonny Benza. Ask if I can keep it. Mr. Jones is dead. So are two of his men. The other three are in jail. I have the disks. I have Walter Smith. And you know what, you motherfucker? I have you. I'm scared shitless. I don't know how long I'll be stuck here. Why don't you guys grab some dinner at the Thai place? I'll meet you there as soon as I can. The Sheriffs will take over when they get here. I should've called. This thing broke right after we spoke, then everything happened so fast -- Can we talk some more when you get here? I still see that boy's eyes. I need to work out some stuff. Get in the car. Now . Keep your head down. We have to cordon off the streets, then evacuate these houses. Holster your guns! Are civilians inside? Another minute. Please -- I need to talk to him. Alone. I'm Jeff Talley, the Bristo chief of police. So far as we know, your children are okay. Just one question. Please. Smith! Wake up! I'm the chief of police here. I have to talk to him. It's a crank, Louise. C'mon, don't waste my time with that! Is something wrong with Jane? Get everyone out here. Then call the Sheriffs. Tell them we have a possible hostage situation. That's not enough. Where are they? What are you talking about, shot? What happened? Stand by. What's wrong with the radio? Did you find Jane and Mandy? They might be at the house. Keep trying and let me know. I'm going to be here a little while longer. You have her cell number? Go. Tell her I'm almost home. Call Jane for me. She's at the little Thai place. Louise? Get a phone number for the Smiths. Louise? Jesus Christ, Louise, we can't leave a crime scene like that. Put a unit out there. Then we don't know if she's part of this or not. Mickey, you up? Did he say if she was shooting at him? One at a time! Clear the air! Louise? Talk to me. What do we have? Let it go, Captain. Don't question me, Captain! This is my crime scene! I'm looking for you. I need your tactical unit. And now I'm taking it back. We're getting Smith out of the house. You want me to stick around, I could -- No. He said that his father's unconscious; he didn't say he was dying. They have security cameras. Rooney would see you coming. He says that his father's hurt. That's why you get the big bucks, Captain. If you go in, you can't use tear gas or flashbangs. The whole place would go up. He says he has gasoline set to burn the place. Then get your men off the wall! You breach that house, we're gonna have a bloodbath! I know this guy, Captain -- I can talk to him. I've done it once or twice. I blocked their phones to incoming calls, so you'll have to cut in a hard line to talk to him. Don't crowd the house. The alpha's a kid named Rooney. He's amped up and volatile. I'm Talley. Who's in charge? Mickey? Call the state Homicide Bureau. Don't touch anything, just sit back and wait. Go, Mickey. It's mine. Talley. Contact the landlord. I want to know employment, friends, family, anything we can find out about this guy. Go, Mickey. Run a DMV on the plate for the owner's name. Mike found a red pickup abandoned on Flanders. You see it? Help me, goddamnit, we can get the disks later! The kids are in here! Those kids are in there with a fucking psychopath! He kills people! We've got to get those kids out of there! What does he have on you? I know why I'm doing this, but what does he have on you? What are you people going to do? Special Agent Jones. What? How do you people expect this to work? The Sheriffs have a Crisis Response Team here. You used to be a cop. All of you used to be cops. I can tell by the way you move. Are all of you named Jones? Are the disks still in your room? Who is it? Try Al. See if you can open Al. Look for names. Does it say whose taxes they are? Can you open them? If I get Rooney into the back of the house, can you find the disks without being caught? Can you get into the office? I thought they locked you in your room. I think he was working on them today, so they're probably in his office. Could you find them and see who they belong to? Your dad has two computer disks. They have funny names: Marlon and Al. I'm serious, Thomas; I don't want you to get hurt. I need your help with something. But if you think those guys could catch you, then I don't want you to do it, okay? The doctors are taking care of him right now. Thomas . . . are you safe? Can you talk? I've got the boy on the phone. He's using a cell phone. What was that, son? I didn't hear you. That's on the second floor. Could you climb out your window if we were downstairs to catch you? Where are you right now? How about you and your sister? Slow down, Thomas. Take it easy and talk to me. Was your father shot? This is Chief Talley. Tell me your name, son. How do I reach him? A man has my family. Gold watch here. Dark tan. Yes. He's going to kill you. Don't you know that? He can't take the chance that you'll talk. They're still in the house. These disks . . . where are they? You want . . . Marlon and Al. I can't control what happens. The Sheriffs are running the scene. Marlon and Al.... You can let go. What do you want? Who are you? I'm the Chief. I don't carry it. What do you mean by that? Your phony FBI assholes. I guess we do. I'll go in that fuckin' house right now! I'll give those disks to the real FBI, you COCKSUCKINGMOTHERFUCKER!! And I've got Smith ! I've got Smith !! Do you think I'm going to let you murder someone?!I know. Shh, they'll hear you! I'm not gonna leave you! We can't carry him. We can use the crawlspace to get downstairs. Then we can run for it. That big asshole nailed my windows. Be quiet! Listen! No! They're right here -- Charles G. Benza. They're coming! Yeah! Here's a name. This is somebody's personal tax -- I don't see any people names. It's all businesses. I opened Marlon. I think it's somebody's taxes. Yes, sir. I can get into the den. The office is right across the hall. I can get into the crawlspace from my closet and climb all over the house. But I might be able to sneak into the office if they're not around. Then I could open the disks here in my room. Dennis won't let me go to the desk. He makes me sit on the floor. He has lots of disks. What do you want me to do? Okay. I think so. Is my daddy okay? If I try to climb out they'll see me on the security cameras. They would see you outside, too -- They nailed the windows. I can't get'm open. In my room. We're okay. Dennis hit him. His head's all big and he won't wake up. I'm really scared. Thomas Smith. I'm in the house that's on TV. Dennis hit my dad and now he won't wake up. You gotta help him.Ann ... Ann! Take to look out there ..- Have you seen what he's done? You're talking about a crazy animal! Come on, come on! We gotta keep moving! Barricade the gates! Quick! I'm not sailing with this thing on board! This shit is bad luck! Don't you understand? You treat it like a game - two men have already died! Oh Jesus ... you took it. Ann ... you're father is dead. You have nothing to prove anymore. We're leaving. Leave it, Ann. Sun's coming up ... We've been in the fog for six hours. Relax ... it was fifteen years ago. I don't do it now. It's ok.I know what you were feeling. When this boat finally reaches Jakata, I'll be first off. You'll never see me again ... and believe me - that day cannot come soon enough. I've got no problem with you ignoring me for the rest of the voyage. Yeah! Life's looking pretty damn good at the moment. Are you kidding?! That heap of junk will never leave the ground! There's nothing fast enough to catch that. Forget it. It's over. I'm sorry ... Value? ... Value? Do they have him on display at the weekends? Holy God! The mummy walks! You - calling me a thief? Well, that's great, coming from a glorified grave robber! You break into the tomb of some dead Egyptian - the poor guy's happily enjoying the afterlife when suddenly his shit gets stolen by a bunch of light fingered limeys! I just wanna deal with the boss, ok? Yeah. Yeah. Nab- Let's get it over with. Haven't seen her - not since we got back. Not me. Thought I'd head out west ... get into some Redwood country. Denham! Go back to the wall ... Tell'em to give me twelve hours to get back with Ann! What? Forget it, Denham ... for Godssake They were just tasting the berries. ) They are now. That's your monkey, Denham. You better not slow us down, Denham! Listen buddy! Cut the crap! We're looking for Ann, not making a Goddamn movie! An ape ... some kind of ape. Yeah, I saw her ... she was carried into the jungle by ... an animal. Compassion. Coz of something I lost. Yeah.Nothing. I didnt deserve her back then. Lasik surgeon, actually. Thats when I realized I wanted to be a doctor. And Kat was fully clothed. It was before you started going out. We had lunch at that inn on the lake. Remember when we went hiking in the lake district and Amy was wearing that little bikini thing. No, thats not it. Theres something about him thats just a bit odd. Whats his problem? Sorry, can you give us a moment? You Yanks and your therapy. Its great. Its all a bit too touchy-feely for me. Nothing, nothing. Crikey. Ah, a philosopher. Oh, hello. I shagged Amy. Two years ago. Thats why I ended it. And then, after you left, sod it, we kept at it like rabbits until we both realized it was absolutely mad. And, you know, morally wrong. Then there was that one other time. And that was it. I slept with your sister. Brilliant. Bollocks, Im sorry. I had no idea this would be so difficult. Youre not even listening. Its not supposed to be anything, Kat. Its just my rather feeble attempt to.... Oh, I dont know. You see, I thought I could deny my feelings-- Well, we had a lot of good years, but then... Right. Seven. Christ, thats a long time, isnt it? You were so good to me. I swear I never meant to hurt you. We were together what, five years? I should have told you why I broke up with you. I was a coward. You deserve to know. It was. And it took your sister getting married to get you back here. Kat, stop it. You do. You cant even look me in the eye. You went back to the States when we split up. Kat, wait. I dont want you hating me. Weve never had this talk. You know how crap I am at this. Is that why you brought him? Because of me. Kat, we must talk. This guy, theres something not quite right. I have regrets. Let me guess. Amy presumed Id forget the rings. I think Im her least favorite person. You know, I am sorry. Hey, Kat. Seeing you again.... Hello, Katmandu.Or Kat.... Still-- Actually, I do. To make sure youre okay. Sorry to interrupt. Your dad sent me. Its not me. I swear. Its her. Shes magic. I figured you could pick up your car tomorrow. Yeah, kind of. Ill just check into a hotel. I had to say something to get you here. Im a hooker. Its been my experience that the people who hire a prostitute, need a prostitute. You did the right thing. Um, just about everyone. No, I cant. Were late for a dance lesson. I guess youll have to finish up later. Hey, man. No, tell me. What? Shrink, actually. Hey. Nice speech. I thought it was touching... and funny. I have to. Im the best man. I should go. Hi. Go ahead, Kat. Hate me. You were running out of steam on the whole Jeffrey thing. Maybe now youll be able to hold onto this just long enough to ruin your next relationship. Youre judging me?! Oh, thats a good one. Youre lying to me, youre lying to your family, and youre lying to yourself. But youre going to stand there and point a finger at me? The man you hired to pretend to be your boyfriend? Yeah! For all I know, come Monday morning, well go back to the real world and...and youll be hiring me for your best friend! Besides, you hired me for my discretion. So whats with the nickname? And thats when he peed in his pants? After the tart? Fourteen and hes hoodwinked by a an erector set? Yeah. You? What would you do if you stopped worrying about what other people think? Make out with you for free. There was something in your voice on the phone that day. When I said Id never done a wedding before, I didnt say that no one ever asked. I just never said yes. Sure, but its never easy. They say theyre okay with it, and they are...for a while. Then one day, theyre not. Its my job. You paid me for a lot of reasons. Closure wasnt one of them. I just hate seeing you so stuck. Hello, goodbye, I want you, I hate you. Its all just words. None of it means anything. What matters is what you do. You either stay put or you walk away. If you look back, youre not walking away! Yup. Thats why you get to keep your money. Believe me, if anything had happened, that would have been one of the highlights. For you. No, no. The three hundred is for you doing it to me. Not dollars. Pounds. Dont they have a limit at those machines? If I was going to charge you, I would have told you beforehand. I thought I explained that. Is this for last night? We kissed. Made out a little. Then you passed out. Ive got this bad taste in my mouth. What is it? I think its the words: morally repugnant. Its hard to explain. I disappear. Its not about me. I swear. I dont have a signature move. Dont stop asking questions, okay? I love that youre asking questions, but do you really want to get into all of this? Theres a guy on 81st and Madison. You get your results in 24 hours. Do you make your lovers get tested before you sleep with them? What do you think? Are you asking me if Im gay for pay? When youre ready to let go, to be unsingle and unmiserable, you will. Until then.... Yes. First of all, its never out of the blue. And second of all-- Admit it. You were disturbed, but ultimately moved. I have a different story for every woman who asks. I look at her and figure out what she needs to hear to feel okay about being with me. Yeah. As an adult, I needed to find some way to experience intimacy and sex, but with rules that couldnt be violated. The real story is that my mother was a hippie. And a stripper. She was insanely inappropriate with me. She used to wash her lingerie in my bathwater. While I was still in the bath. Would you grab my shampoo? Your friend guaranteed my anonymity. How did you know that was me? This happened to you? Thats right. Imagine facing it alone. Not the way youre thinking. The women wanted me there for support. You can understand that. A weekend? You stand on your tiptoes. Its cute. Who are they? You quitting? Its okay. Hell, Ive never paid for it. But please dont feel like you have to explain yourself to me. Great, with the occasional stabs of shame. Now, listen, this covers the weekend, but as we discussed, if you want to be intimate, we talk money before anything happens. On the nose. I tell you what, because youre so cute, Ill take care of our incidentals. Why? Youre too good for him. I dont know. He was pretty drunk, but I think hes still crazy about you. Love. The Knicks game? We both wanted the last hot dog? You know, they say you can tell everything you need to know about a person from the way they act when theyre naked. Both. Mmm. Mission accomplished. Youre funny. What color are my shoes? You think we look like were trying too hard. Kat. Will do. --and The ass of The man who adores her. I say that feeling compelled to do the opposite of your parents is as enslaving as emulating them. What would you say if I told you I was a member of an elite task force employed to safeguard our nations most precious resource: your daughter. I am now, sir. Im guessing MacCallum, 18 years. Neat, with a water-back.