I believe in the Church of Baseball. I've tried all the major religions  and most of the minor ones -- I've  worshipped Buddha, Allah, Brahma,  Vishnu, Shiva, trees, mushrooms, and  Isadora Duncan... I know things. For instance -- There are 108 beads in a Catholic  rosary. And -- There are 108 stitches in a baseball. When I learned that, I gave Jesus a  chance. But it just didn't work out between  us. The Lord laid too much guilt on  me. I prefer metaphysics to theology. You see, there's no guilt in  baseball... and it's never boring. Which makes it like sex. There's never been a ballplayer slept  with me who didn't have the best  year of his career. Making love is like hitting a baseball -- you just got to relax and concentrate. Besides, I'd never sleep with a player  hitting under .250 unless he had a  lot of R.B.I.'s or was a great glove  man up the middle. A woman's got to have standards. The young players start off full of  enthusiasm and energy but they don't  realize that come July and August  when the weather is hot it's hard to  perform at your peak level. The veterans pace themselves better.   They finish stronger. They're great  in September. While I don't believe a woman needs  a man to be fulfilled, I do confess  an interest in finding the ultimate  guy -- he'd have that youthful  exuberance but the veteran's sense  of timing... Y'see there's a certain amount of  "life-wisdom" I give these boys. I can expand their minds. Sometimes  when I've got a ballplayer alone  I'll just read Emily Dickinson or  Walt Whitman to him. The guys are so  sweet -- they always stay and listen. Of course a guy will listen to  anything if he thinks it's foreplay. I make then feel confident. They  make me feel safe. And pretty. What I give them lasts a life-time.   What they give me lasts 142 games.   Sometimes it seems like a bad trade. But bad trades are part of baseball --  who can forget Frank Robinson or  Milt Pappas, for Godsakes! It's a long season and you got to  trust it. I've tried them all -- I really have -- and the only church that truly feeds  the soul -- day in, day out -- is  the Church of Baseball. Skip, It's me! I'm not some quote  piece of ass unquote. You can't ban me from the ballpark  'cause Daddy donated the scoreboard  and if you banned me he might take  the scoreboard away. Jesus, you got a game to pitch! Number twenty-two's thighs are just  great. Who's he? Three-fourteen? Hmmm...  Look't those  thighs, Jackson. Let's hear it for Max Patkin -- "The Greatest Show on Dirt" -- your  own Durham Bulls! -- Millie, you've got to stay out of  the clubhouse. It'll just get  everybody in trouble. I got lured. You didn't get "lured". Women never  get lured. They're too strong and  powerful for that. Now say it -- "I  didn't get lured and I will take  responsibility for my actions". "I didn't get lured and I will take  responsibility for my actions". That's better. Got the radar ready? He looks great, just great! Take this to Ebby in the dugout  between innings. It says he's not bending his back on  his follow-through. Well let's get down to it, honey --  how was he? Well, he fucks like he pitches.   Sorta all over the place Hi, I'm Millie. I know. What a sweet idea -- We didn't order this, honey... Who's that? Really? Kinda cute... Annie Savoy. Wanta dance? I don't trust a man who don't dance.   It ain't natural. All of 'em, I think... You got a live arm there. You need a nickname. Crash, I didn't think you -- You boys gonna fight over little me? Oh don't be such guys -- Hell, Max, wanta dance? Well -- you boys stopped fighting  yet? Are you pals now? Good. I love  a little macho male bonding -- I  think it's sweet even if it's probably  latent homosexuality being "re- channeled" but I believe in "re- channeling" so who cares, right? Shall we go to my place? Oh both of you, of course... These are the ground rules. I hook up with one guy a season -- I  mean it takes me a couple of weeks  to pick the guy -- kinda my own spring  training... And, well, you two are the most  promising prospects of the season so  far. So... I thought we should get to  know each other. Actually none of us on this planet  ever really choose each other. It's  all Quantum Physics and molecular  attraction. There are laws we don't  understand that bring us together  and break us apart. You're a regular nuclear meltdown,  honey -- slow down. What do you believe in? Oh my... Don't leave... Wait, Crash -- don't go -- all I  want is a date. I'm not gonna fall  in love with you or nothin'. I'm not interested yet. No ballplayer ever said "no" to a  date with me. Wait, honey, slow down -- I want to  watch. No, no, no. Put it back on and take  it off slowly. When you know how to make love, you'll  know how to pitch. Shh. I love this part. Oh my -- what a nice back. No, no, honey... first the shoes and  socks. You think Dwight Gooden leaves his  socks on? Ebby honey have you ever been  handcuffed in bed? Sweetie, have you ever heard of Walt  Whitman? Well, he sort of pitches for the  Cosmic All-Stars. Good -- then listen. "I sing the body electric. The armies  of those I love engirth me and I  engirth them -- " Shh, shh... "They will not let me off till I go  with them, respond to them, and  discorrupt them and charge them" "Limitless limpid jets of love hot  and enormous -- quivering jelly of  love, white blow and delirious juice -- What'd he say? Oh my... See my hips? I think Thomas Pynchon's a genius. But you were pulling your hips last  night. I'm committed to Nuke for the season.   You had your chance the other night. Young men are uncomplicated. And he's not "dim". He's just  inexperienced. My job is to give him  "life-wisdom" and help him make it  to the major leagues. Damn. But they're nice hips. I looked up your records -- You've  hit 227 home runs in the minors.   That's great! Why not? If you hit twenty homers  this year you'll be the all time  minor league champ! The record's... Oh no, I think it'd be great! The  Sporting News should know about it. Damn. Despite my love of weird metaphysics  and my rejection of most Judao- Christian ethics, I am, within the  framework of a baseball season,  monogamous. Oh Crash... you do make speeches... Hey, are you Crash Davis! Can I have  a autograph?! You got me all confused. I'm not a real batter. I'm a woman. Hey, when are you guys gonna start  winning? You're terrible! It's a long season, boys. It's Nuke, it's Nuke! Can I have  your autograph?! Etc. Yes, yes, yesnmmmmyes... Oh my... Oh, that was just fabulous, Crash. I didn't say "Crash". I said Nuke. Honey, don't ever listen to a woman  when she's making love. They'll say  the strangest things. Would you rather me be making love  to him, using your name, or making  love to you, using his name? You see how nice things are when we  go slow? You can learn to like it. Y'know if you make it to the Bigs  you could still become the host of  Dance Fever. Baseball's a good  stepping stone for things like that. There is a lot of things you never  thought of, sweetie -- now get some  rest for tonight's game. Hi, I'm Millie. Oh dear... easy honey... Here we go again, Jackson, hold on  tight... Bobby went hitless again. He's gonna  be in a terrible mood... terrible.   How'd Mickey do? He got two hits. Lucky you. There's Daddy! Wave to Daddy! Oh God... I want you to wear these on the road  trip when you pitch. They'll fit snugly against your balls  in such a wonderful way that you'll  start seeing things differently -- plus they'll remind you of me which  is better than thinking about those  nasty hitters. You've been pitching out of the wrong  side of your brain. These'll help  move things to the right side. They did when they were in the  Carolina League. A woman should never ask questions  about road trips. Men don't realize that women always  know when they've been unfaithful. The fact is, upon exact moment of  penetration -- the woman knows. This sort of spiritual awareness can  be a mixed blessing, especially if  you're dating a ballplayer. I believe  a woman oughta take care of her man  so thoroughly that he can go on the  road for a few days without having  the desire to search out another  pair of panties That is probably, however, my most  ridiculous belief. I just hope the boys start winning  soon. In some profound way I fear  that a last place team is a reflection  on its women... Do you think your husband plays around  on the road trips? No way. Well... God... do we have to  talk about that? I guess not... it's just that once I  asked Mickey if he was faithful to  me on the road trips and he said "in  his heart he was faithful". What the hell does that mean? It means he's unfaithful -- but only  a man would put it in those words. Deke was a great player in high  school. I thought held go right to  the Major Leagues -- I was gonna be  a Big League wife. Pass the Pampers, please. What is this "I, I, I" stuff? You  only talk about yourself? Aren't you  glad to see me? Don't I look nice? Good. Total exhaustion can be  spiritually fabulous. Let's play catch. That's not necessary, Jackson -- Okay, Nuke, now lean in for the sign. Just do what I say. Now, which nostril  are you breathing through? The right nostril. Good. There are two important psychic  conduits called the "pingala" and  the "ida". The pingala starts with  the left testicle (or left ovary of  the female) and ends at the right  nostril. The ida originates at the right  testicle (or ovary) and terminates  at the left nostril. The pingala is the nostril used for  throwing a baseball. And if you discover before a game  you're in the wrong nostril, it's  easy to switch. Right. Okay, fire a couple in there. You're patronizing me! I will not be  patronized -- He's handled a lotta pitchers whose  records were better than one and  six. A little better. Much better. Your delivery was fully  integrated because you weren't  thinking about it 'cause you were  pissed off at me. This is progress. Or... ...We could just take that sexual  energy and save it for a few hours  and re-channel it into your pitching  tonight. C'mon, Jackson, I've got some  lemonade! It's all the same thing. That's Max. His ashes anyway. He  left no kin... Oh don't be silly. Death is nothing  to be scared of. It's just another  way of living. It's just a fresh  start -- kinda like spring training. Yes. And so is birth. Now look me in  the eyes, Nuke -- You haven't been wearing my panties,  have you? He looks wonderful, Jackson... Oh my... Oh no -- he's shaking off the sign,  Jackson. Big mistake... I'm yours. Breathing through your pingala always  works, honey -- Now don't go overboard, I look  incredibly hot, right? Nuke?! Get over here. Ebby Calvin "Nuke" LaLoosh -- Nuke was so encouraged that he took  a vow to not have sex until they  lost... Y'see a ballplayer on a streak  considers himself touched with magic  and he'll do anything to keep from  breaking the spell... In fact the whole team started making  religious connections and everybody  got hot. I figured Nuke would win a couple,  then lose, and things would get back  to normal... But it didn't happen like that...  and for one extraordinary June and  July, the Durham Bulls, for whatever  perverse reason, began playing  baseball with joy and verve and poetry -- The two sides of my own brain were  all jumbled up and cross-wired...   while one side was being neglected,  the other was in paradise watching  our Bulls play like Big Leaguers... We swept a four game series with  Kingston, back to back doubleheaders  with Winston-Salem, and kicked the  holy shit out of Greensboro in a  three game series... They were in demand all over town --  and Crash, who kept hitting dingers,  was approaching the minor league  record... though I told nobody. After sweeping a July 4 doubleheader,  the Durham Bulls were tied for first. But beautiful as the winning streak  was, I was getting damn lonely. Something had to be done. I needed a  man... Hi, Jimmy. Want a ride? No. You can do anything you want. Hop in. I'm so proud of you and all the guys.   Want some more soup? How 'bout a back rub? I'll tuck you in. I'm not gonna try to seduce you,  sweetie... That's my leg. I figure we could work on some  fundamentals even if we don't make  love. Sure. Unsnap my stockings. Yes I do... What a nasty thing to say. Oh... Crash is a very smart man. Now c'mon,  honey, give it a try. Watch... one hand -- Now you try. Mmmmmmm... oh yes... I'm trying to play with your body! Of course I'm seducing you for  Godsakes, and I'm doing a damn poor  job of it -- Aren't I pretty? Cute?! I hate cute! Baby ducks are  cute! I wanta be exotic and  mysterious! Nuke! You got things all wrong!  There's no relation between sex and  baseball. Ask Crash. What'd he say? He did? Crash... I want you. He's confused -- Don't you think I'm pretty? I want to be had. He won't make love to me anymore. I want you desperately! I teach part time at the Junior  College. What if I told you I was  through with Nuke? He learned his  lessons quickly and left me. I don't imagine there's much I could  teach you. Crash, I get wet just thinking about  you. I'm ready for a complicated man. I said when I think about you, I get  wet. God damn you -- what is happening?  Is there no man who'll have me? This is the weirdest season I ever  saw -- the Durham Bulls can't lose  and I can't get laid! I need a drink. I was raised in a Baptist church got  dipped in the water when I was 5 --  born again before kindergarten... by  the time I was 10 I knew it was  bullshit and at 15 I ran away from  home... pregnant, had an abortion, got  pregnant again, had an abortion  again... gave up men. Tried women.  Missed men. My mother died. I bought a car for $200 and drove to  Ft. Lauderdale to bury her. And after we'd sung some hymns in  some wretched Florida funeral home,  I went outside and something happened -- The smell of cut grass in the warm  March air overwhelmed me and I heard  a noise -- -- tok, tok, tok -- and some men  shouting... then tok, tok, tok. I crossed the street -- it was the  New York Yankees spring training  field -- tok, tok, tok, was the sound  of a ball hitting a bat -- and I sat  in the warm bleachers to think about  my mother... And I saw him. Thurman Munson. He was covered with dirt and he was  fighting with everybody -- it was  beautiful... And he called the ump a cocksucker  and got thrown out of the game even  though it was an exhibition! So I stayed in the bleachers all  spring and gradually came to  understand what's so great about  baseball. If you know where home plate is,  then you know where 1st base is, and  2nd, and everything else -- 'cause  they're always in the same place in  relation to home. Don't you see? If you know where  home plate is, then you know where  everything else in the universe is! It's true, It's true! Least it used to be true. It ain't  possible that baseball's not enough  anymore, is it, Crash? No. Well... I used to think that wasn't  the worst thing in the world to look  forward to. Lately I'm not so sure. Whatta you mean "why not"? Are you  gonna play forever?! Annie, Annie! There she is -- we've  been looking all over for ya. Hi  Crash. Well tell 'em, honey. Omigawd, honey, I'm so happy for  you. He's a virgin. Oh Jimmy, honey, I think it sounds  wonderful! Annie, will you be the bride's maid? You should be at the game. No, no -- I'm fine. Millie, how much  time did you and Jimmy spend together  before he proposed? Five hours. We both just know. Do you think I deserve to wear white? We all deserve to wear white. Crash musta called the guy a  cocksucker God, he's so romantic... When Crash got throwed out, the game  got out of hand... ...Jose made three errors with his  cursed mitt... Nuke never quite got in the groove  though he didn't pitch bad... ...and the winning streak came to an  end with a 3-2 loss... The good news was that a man was  about to come calling... the bad  news was -- it was the wrong guy. It's okay... Oh -- won't YOU come in? Uh oh... Can I offer you some coffee? He's a good student. Praise the Lord, eh? Oh my -- I better fix that. Ebby  will you help me? I'm no good with  mechanical things You don't have to... So am I. Nuke, honey, we need to  talk -- -- but you're father's in there! Nuke -- we do need to talk! Hello? Skip? Yeah, as a matter of  fact, he is here. It's Skip, for you. Oh let's not... That's great! Just pitch well and do good. She will, Mr. LaLoosh, she will... What'you want, kid? Who ain't? Ain't here. Your breaking ball's getting better  but ya need a change up. He makin' trouble for you, Mr. Davis? I hit .371. Well I guess this is it. Neither will I. Ebby Calvin Nuke LaLoosh -- don't  think too much. I heard already. Oh my... ...so you see in a former lifetime  I'm sure that I was Alexandria, the  Czarette of Russia? What do you think? It doesn't work like that. God, you're gorgeous. Want to dance? ...mouth, tongue, lips, teeth, roof  of the mouth, jaws, and the jaw  hinges... Crash said he had to get an early  start to drive to Asheville in the  South Atlantic League where he heard  they might need a catcher to finish  out the season... The house smelled like sex for days.  It was wonderful. The only real  cleaning I did was on the kitchen  floor 'cause who likes to walk on  spilt cereal? The funny thing is, I stopped worrying  about Nuke. Somehow I knew nothing  would stop him. Crash was right -- Nuke had a gift. I was reading in bed when Crash hit  his 247th home run. I knew the moment  it happened... I lit a candle for Crash's dinger...  and tried to root the Durham Bulls  home to a pennant. The Kid from Lynchburg wasn't good  enough to hold Crash's jockstrap if  ya ask me, and Nuke's replacement  had a fastball that I coulda hit We had a three game lead with two  weeks to go when the rains came. It rained and rained and I thought  of driving down to Asheville to see  Crash but then I thought "No, what  you pursue, eludes you". I had to  trust Quantum Physics and the Church  of Baseball. It ain't always easy being this  religious... Oh my... What happened? I'm quitting too. Boys, not baseball. Salem, Massachusetts? Where all the  witches were? Not yet. It takes years of practice... You'd be great, just great... 'Cause you understand non-linear  thinking even though it seems like  baseball is a linear game 'cause of  the lines and the box scores an'   all -- but the fact is that there's  a spacious-"non-time kind of time"  to it... What? I can do that, too. Walt Whitman once said -- "I see  great things in baseball. It's our  game -- the American game He said "it will repair our losses  and be a blessing to us"... You could look it up.... 