So what's your next move, Valiant? No. But neither does Roger. That's Diablo Red. Roger's pants are Sunrise Orange. My problem is I got a fifty-year-old lust and a three-year-old dinkie. You serve martinis, doncha? My hunch is it was Maroon. He always was after Acme's property. Somebody took it from him. That's what this whole thing's about. And another thing, the paper said no will was found. But every Toon knows Acme had a will and, in it he promised to leave Toontown to the Toons. C'mon, Valiant, doesn't this whole thing smell a bit funny to you? I mean, no offense, but how did a mucky-muck like R.K. Maroon find you in the first place? You don't believe that. I mean. the guy's an idiot, a moron, a complete fool... but he'd never kill anyone. I know the guy. Yeah, I had to go slummin'. See, a friend of mine's bein' framed. Make it dry. Baby doesn't like to be wet. You're Valiant, right? The name's Baby Herman.Sounds like you ve never seen her, Eddie. He comes here every night to see Jessica Rabbit. That's Marvin Acme, the gag king. Work's been slow for me since the cartoons went to color. But I still got it, Eddie... 'Boop boop be-doop'. Gee, it's swell to see you, Eddie. We miss you in Toontown.Well, I'll be... Oh, a ladies man, huh? Yeah... We don't serve formula. Snookums. Familiar. Be careful, Eddie. Yeah... they closed me down for a coupla weeks. Are you gonna call him, Eddie? I was hopin' you'd be there. Maroon's called here about four times. He says he's gotta talk to you tonight. He says he can help you. Sounds like singin'. Got me. But unless the will shows up by Friday midnight, it's theirs. Nope. It's that Cloverleaf outfit again. I just stopped by to tell you that I checked out the Acme probate. The rabbit's wife? Wanna tell me what she was doin' with her arms around you? What was that ? Eddie, you still got it. Hey, tomorrow maybe I'll go down to probate court and see who's sniffin' around Acme's estate? Maybe they just took it out of his pocket. So what's the scam, Eddie? Can you get him out of it, Eddie? So you decided to help him after all? It's all yours. He's a riot. Jesus, Eddie, is this who I think it is? So you're not even gonna bother to find out if the rabbit's gettin' framed? The papers said the safe door was opened, Eddie. Yeah, Eddie, it's not like you got an ad in the Yellow Pages. Do you think the rabbit did it? Bastards put him on notice. A new outfit bought the Red Car. Some big company called Cloverleaf Industries. Hey, Eddie, looks like you really stepped in it this time. R.K. Maroon. Is this paper even good? This is fifty bucks. I need seventy-five before they check the books tomorrow. So, makin' dame jokes, huh, Eddie? Well, lemme remind ya pal, it was a dame who took a hundred bucks out of the till so your landlord would't throw you out of your dump. And it was a dame who trusted you for the money when no one else in town would. And it's a dame who's tired of waitin' for you to straighten yourself out and get a job!Eddie, come on. He made me laugh. Looks like our goose is cooked, our hash is slung, our fait is accompli... When I opened up the blue envelope, all that was inside was a blank piece of paper. Marvin told me. Doom was after his land. Ne was afraid. That's why he brought me his will. Where is he? I didn't know who I could trust. It was Doom who killed Acme, you know? Don't worry, you're not the first. We better get out of here. That's not Roger. It's one of Doom's men. He killed R.K. Maroon. If I'm as bad as you think, what's stopping me from just killing you right now? It's the truth. Why won't you believe it? I'm not bad, I'm just drawn that way. Oh, please don't make fun of me, Mr, Valiant. You don't know how hard it is being a woman looking the way I do. No, no, no... I love my husband. You've got the wrong idea about me. I'a a pawn in this just like poor Roger. Can you help me find him? I'll pay you anything. Toons aren't given imperfections. Oh... well, I... I just had to see you. Hello, Mr. Valiant. I rang the doorbell, but I guess you couldn't hear it. Last week some heavy breather wanted one of my nylons as a souvenir. Maybe that's what he was after?