Fuck off! George is not a `sexy' name. George is like what you name your teddy bear, not the name you wanna scream out during an orgasm. Name three. Besides Clooney. Too easy. Fine. That's one. Number two? Who's that? No way. Teddy bear. So what? Charlize Theron played that butt-fucking-ugly lesbo serial killer. Besides he's from another century. We're speaking present day. I mean, Jesus, Mortimer was probably a sexy name in some era. What are you? Fifty? Bush? Yeah. He's one hot mutherfucker. Just face it. There's no such thing as a sexy George. Fine. Don't come. I hate you. (Into the phone) PLEASE. Please. I'm begging you. I'll pay you. You're lying. You're a lying bitch and I hate you so much right now. (Into the phone) Why don't you just say it? You don't like my parents. You think they're hopelessly pathetic and devoid of souls and wish that you could live with normal people who didn't meet at a Star Trek convention!! Quick. Hurry and make up a lie. Liar. With who? And neither do you, you selfish bitch! What's his name then? Stop stalling. You're totally trying to come up with a name. Just say it. George? What kind of a fucking name is George? If you're choosing him over helping me cope with two days in the wilderness with these people who even I'm not convinced aren't serial killers, he had better be the one. You had better fucking marry him, have fucking babies with him and then take him for fucking everything he's worth. (With her mouth full) You're not off the hook, you know. I want lurid details. This had better be the best date of your life to counterbalance the worst weekend of mine. that it is about to be named `Color of the Year,' by those with the nose for the new. By the passionate few. Yeah... Details, bitch. Wait, first I need a scope of reference. Who would play him in the movie of your life? That works. Spill. Are you going to see him again? The whole weekend? Wait a minute. You didn't... You fucking liar! You totally lost your virginity to him. YES YOU DID, YOU LYING FUCKING Tell me everything and spare me the coquettish `just-the-tip' bullshit. RHIANNON I know you did it! I know you let him put it inside you, so just TELL The kind that does it or the kind that does it like a fucking porn star and then doesn't have the balls to talk about it? I want every perverted detail. NOW, bitch. You lost your virginity! Fucking finally! Now, you're a super-slut like me! There were people walking past. Whatever, this isn't about me. This is about YOU. What did you let him do? Was he big? Did it hurt? What the fuck are you looking at, Marianne? Nothing. Just a couple of admitted whores. How can we exhibit school pride when we're conveyed to others as satan worshippers? What the fuck is a meerkat anyway? I think I speak for all of the female students and faculty - and maybe a couple of males - when I say that I liked Todd much better when he was shirtless. I actually looked forward to these disturbing displays of -- what do they call it? Yeah. That's it. Ha! What are those people called again? The ones that dress up like stuffed animals when they do it? Shhh. Don't let Marianne hear you say that word. The last thing we need is McCarthyism at Barbara Bush. True. (Beat.) Yeah, I'd totally fuck Meerkat Todd. What? Olive - that's your name, right? I'm not the one you have to answer to for your depraved behavior. There is a higher power to judge your indecency. I hope for your sake, God has a sense of humor. Look. You've made your bed. I just hope for your sake, you cleaned the sheets. What's the rumor mill turning out these days? Don't forget your brother's staying here next weekend. They're fumigating the dorms. And thank God for that. Last time I was there, I saw three cockroaches. Mom, can you please not say that word while I'm eating? Sorry, hon. I think Hester Prynne was - excuse my language - a whore. Why should I? She brought it on herself. Perhaps you should embroider a red A on your wardrobe? Seems as if someone's on a downward spiral. You have a chip on your shoulder the size of Texas. You're going to hell. Oh, I can assure you I won't. I hope you at least had the good sense to wear a condom. You know, you're just like -- Please tell me the rumors are true. Not that one. The one where you called Nina Howell a cunt and then socked her in the nose. Yeah. Like the exact moment you turned into such a BAD ASS? I think I'm in LOVE with you. RHIANNON Please tell me you at least left a mark on that scrunched-up face of hers. POW! The cunt goes down for the count! Please. It's my only perk. Trust me. (More curious than angry) What did you say? T? That's an odd one. Is this one of those new curse words? Was it -- ? Yeah. Neither do I. Well, I'm stumped. Whisper it in my ear. Oo! Oo! Spell it with your peas! (Desperate for attention) I got a B plus on my spelling test today. Good, sweetheart. Oh, I know what it is! (Glancing at Olive's (Whispering into Ginger's Of what? How come you guys never get mad at her? Because, pumpkin, of our three darling children, we love her best. (Erupting into laughter) Just kidding! Now eat your dinner. There's a whole jar of them in the fridge. Just kidding! Come on in. Olive, sweetie, there's a young man here to see you. He said something about asking for your hand in marriage. Hey Olive! Hi Brandon. Well, glad you could make it. Sure. You can use the guest room. Down the hall. (Shocked; Mouthing to a I know! Right? Back entrance is through the kitchen. That kid from the other night just dropped this off for you. He seems like a nice boy... Gay... I dated a homosexual in high school. I just wanted to tell you that if you want to date a gay boy, it might be hard on your father and I, at first. But we love you no matter what the sexual orientation of your opposite-sex partner. I have many questions, obviously. Now is not the time to be cute. Olive, stop it. This is serious. Did you really bang Brandon last night at Melanie Dipshit's party? That's what EVERYONE is saying. Does this mean you guys are dating? Just because you lost your virginity doesn't mean you can go around screwing everybody! You're getting a reputation. Please forgive my rectitude, but I think that a best friend's duty is to let her know that everyone - and I do mean everyone - is calling her a cum dumpster. Look, baby, I call a spade a spade. I didn't want to believe it, but I guess it's true. You're a fucktart. Oh yeah. I totally want to lose my virginity to one of -- (As if it was a disease) -- your brother's friends and then be the first for a fairy, while everyone listens outside! What is wrong with you? Does sex mean anything to you? Heavenly Father, watch over us with Your all-encompassing love. Keep us on the path toward Your righteousness and eternal salvation. Guys. We have a problem. Amen to THAT. Olive Penderghast. We need to pray for her, but we also need to get rid of her. I'm sure, by now, you've all heard about what happened at Melanie Bostic's party. That's not something you need to advertise, Kurt. See, herein lies the problem: She's doing these tasteless, immoral acts in plain view of the entire student body. MARIANNE She's in direct opposition to everything we're trying to do for this school, which is make it a wholesome learning environment and a place where our children will one day flourish the way that we are. (Beat.) She was sent to the Principal's office last week -- She called me a really hurtful name. -- and I tried to witness to her, but she's defiant to any sort of help. I don't know what to do, but something's got to be done. Does anybody here think that they can talk to her in a way that might get her to see that what she's doing is wrong? I'm sorry. This is so stupid. Jesus tells us to love everyone. Even the whores and the homosexuals, but it's so hard. MARIANNE It's so hard, because they just keep doing `it' over and over again. Make me a promise. Make GOD a promise right here and now that we will remain pure and chaste until marriage. (Looking to Micah) Until our love is proven holy in His eyes. Let's continue to pray for Olive Penderghast. That either she sees that what she's doing is a sin and changes her behavior or that she gets the hell out of our school. Awww, I love you guys. God loves you guys. (Concerned; To Micah) It's going to be okay. No, you insensitive rhymes-with- witch! His parents are going (Through her tears) They go to our church! Imagine what people will say! Mrs. Griffin is going to fix everything. She's amazing. I know that she's going to help Micah through this time and everything's going to be okay. Why are you being so nice to me? I'm sorry, okay? I'm sorry for everything I said. MARIANNE I want to be friends. PLEASE. PLEASE be my friend. Micah's in the hospital. He's in so much pain! The nurse didn't know what was wrong. (Tears glistening in her How did you get chlamydia? Who have you been sleeping with? Tell me! TELL ME! Olive Penderghast. CHLAMYDIA!! My sentiments exactly... Oh my God, did you hear that Brandon ran away from home? Yeah. Totally. He left his parents a note that said: `Eff you, I'm gay.' And then he skipped town with a big, hulking black guy. Huh? I had a similar situation when I was your age. Yes. I had a horrible reputation and people said awful things about me. But it was true. I was a slut. No, it's true. I slept with a whole bunch of people. Well! It was a different time. Kidding!! Well, about the sister thing, but not about the Don thing. That happened. Actually that happened a couple of times before we got caught. No, you're not, Olive. You're wonderful. And you're going to handle this the same way that I did. With an incontrovertible sense of humor. So, Olive wasn't at school today. I'm so glad you're with us now. Me too. You guys fucking rock. We don't say that word, Rhiannon. Just say `effing' instead. We effing rock. But isn't that just implying the same word? Oh, Rhiannon. We have so much to teach you. It's okay to imply things. Yay! It's time for Meerkat Todd. I just want to rip that costume off him and -- Why don't you just not talk for a while, okay hon? Told you guys. Pay up. You had better not be on the sin- ternet. 