That's not the answer I was looking for. Look what I found... Adam, you didn't know me yet. As Adam goes back to packing, Lily leafs through some more of the photos. She stops at one and her EXPRESSION CHANGES. Who's this? Lily shows Adam a PHOTO: -- A SMOKING HOT SKI BUNNY (23, blonde, svelte, leg warmers). Really? Lily shows Adam another PHOTO: -- YOUNG ADAM with his arm around the SKI BUNNY, who looks like she was ambushed for the photo. Who's Jennie? Do you still think of her? Hold on... Lily goes into the CLOSET. Explain this. From ADAM'S POV, we see the brochure: -- A ski brochure featuring Jennie on the cover. That's gross. What's "occasionally?" Jesus. Tell me how I'm supposed to let you go to your bachelor party and not be a basket case? I'm worried that you're still thinking about this girl. So... you're into strangers? So you're saying if you and I didn't know each other, it would be pretty hot if we fooled around? Oh I'm all alone in this big house. Cheerleading camp just ended and I need to get out of these sweaty clothes... Mmmm. My panties are so tight against my firm naked body... Are you gonna let me do this? It feels so good to be so naked. I hope no one can see me... Just then a BLACK MAN (late 30s, handsome, J Crew) saunters through the bedroom door, holding a coffee and all riled up. Get out of here!! He SPILLS the coffee on his hands and their rug as he turns. Just leave! He heads for the door, just as: Adam comes in, wearing a MAILMAN hat and NOTHING ELSE. I can't wait for you to come back and marry me. Wow, that's crazy. Adam looks almost like it just hit him. Tell me again I have nothing to worry about. OK. Have an awesome bachelor party. Not too awesome. (hands him bag) I got you something. Adam looks in the bag. Let me see your phone. He takes it out. Despite my anxiety, I'm not gonna be one of those women who wants an update every ten minutes. Even though I do want an update every ten minutes. Adam smiles. Lily looks a bit trepidatious. Just make sure whatever happens, you're back for the rehearsal dinner. I totally trust you. Well at least you're a cute lame-o. Lily leans in and they NUZZLE their noses together in a disgusting display of affection. A FLASH goes off. From the car, Nick holds up his iPhone. Yes, I'm living in a transient motel. Let's get that purple elephant out of the room. Thank you. I hate your guts. All my belongings. In a sense. Our system is fucked, gentlemen. You tell me how a whore wife can fuck some black dude - no offense - and still take her cuckold of a husband for all he's got. It's offensive. And because he's fucking my wife. And because you're black. And because of all the oversensitive horrible garbage... you know what? Forget no offense. Just offense. Are you offended? Then shut the fuck up. Yes and thank you so very much for giving her the referral. I'm gonna slaughter you in your sleep tonight. Oh, Adam's stupid brother's coming? Boo! Drive away before he gets in the car! Hey buddy! How's it going? Good to see you! You look gay and you smell like a basket of fancy soaps. Advantage me. You have sex with trains? For your information, you fuck dudes. Gay ones. (to Nick and Adam) You told him?! I hate all you people. I've gotta take a shit. That was an ugly experience. In a few years, when I'm dying of an exotic disease that causes my penis to bleed until it falls off, someone remember to tell the hospital to check out the filthy crapper at the Albany Rest Stop. It's the AIDS monkey of toilets. The guys put down their sandwiches. I don't know how you're doing it, man. I mean, Laurie's hot, don't get me wrong. Right. Lily. But one vagina? Forever? He didn't do that well for himself. That would be awesome. Adam gives Lou a distasteful look. Boooooring! You're confusing Vermont with yourself. This weekend is going to be incredible and you will not ruin it for me. Fuck yeah it is! We're gonna ski the trail and bone some tail! Fuck that. You'll bone your own. Adam, trust me. Biggest mistake of my life - not fucking a whore at my bachelor party. Fuck yeah. And he's not making that same mistake. Ohhhh. I gotcha. You're not having sex this weekend. Right. No winking. I understand. I don't even have the heart to tell you what I just fucking saw. But say goodbye to Papa Enzo's. This town sucks. I wanna die. What have you done to us? This guy's a dick. No, fuck that. He's a dick. Oooh tough guy. He's gotta be Mister America. Go fuck yourself. Phil finally drops their bags at their room and then: You, sir, have no tact. Nick gives Phil a bill and he walks off down the hall, leaving the guys outside their room. Yeah, I bet it's gonna be lame as shit in there. The furniture probably smells like mold. I actually kinda like that idea. It's like a Stephen King novel, except not as cool. Thank. God. Black dudes don't ski. This kung pau chicken pairs very nicely with the 97 cab. Very impressive choice, Nick. Also, this is the worst bachelor party I've ever been to. Everyone puts down their forks, cathartically fed up. I'm blaming him. Why did we even bother with dinner? Adam and Nick get up too. Quiet, men are talking. Aiden approaches. I would like you to die. And then I would like you to leave. Aiden walks away, freaked out. Lou turns back to the guys. It's tub time. Oh my god. The water is perfect. Well? That fucking bear got me good. But we showed him, didn't we? Fuck yeah. Lou picks up Adam's half-eaten sandwich and takes a BITE. That's why I'm eating your sandwich. I'm fucking starving. Really, asshole? Do I know you? He stares at her, not believing what he's seeing. He still looks loopy from the coke. Just then, a a too-blond, mirror-sunglass-wearing, feathered hair, striped-jumpsuited guy (BLAINE) SKIS UP and GRABS ADAM. I think so. Guys! I'm so glad you're here. I want to introduce you to Michelle and Sandy. These lovely ladies are having a roller skating party next weekend and no offense, but fuck your wedding -- I'm totally coming back. By the way... Lou rolls out a ZIPLOCK BAG full of cocaine. There's coke everywhere around here. This place rules! Lou dips into the coke and rubs it on his gums and we: Don't you ruin this. If you wake me from this dream, I'll kill you. (with genuine emotion) We're in 1971. So does this mean we get to go to girls' locker rooms and see them naked and they can't see us? (under his breath) I'm still gonna do it. We find a scientist. This Dukakis guy seems like he might be the real deal. An affable MAN IN A SUIT approaches. Where's your white coat? This is bullshit! I told you-- Five o'clock. Happy hour. The guys look at him, confused. If it's '87, the PF Chang's will be gone, which means the Brew Haus still stands. It's Saturday. They have wet T- shirt contests on Saturdays. Fuck that guy. ON THE STAGE, TWO GIRLS compete for wettest t-shirt. They both decide that NO T-SHIRT is the wettest option. She's aged remarkably well. Oh, right. Why don't you just go talk to her? Sure... Adam GETS UP. He slowly makes his way over across the room. Jennie is talking to TWO OTHER GIRLS as Adam approaches. He lurks near them like a creep. Jennie eventually notices him, as he keeps stealing glances. She doesn't look happy. Listen putz, if you're gonna try to attack me again, my boyfriend will be here soon. He'll kick your ass. Adam tries to be casual. When did you take my class? Yeah, OK. Have a good night. Jennie starts to walk away with her friends. sweet! What are we gonna do until then? We're millionaires! I agree. You left so much money on the table. It's a fucking iPod! You could've gotten a LOT more! (puts it together) A hot tub time machine. (stares at girl) I love this place. As Lou pours himself another, Adam starts to lose it again. I know what we do next. Rental car agency fucked us! There's no flux capacitor. Lou pulls Jacob over and straps him in the driver's seat, before walking around to the passenger side. (to Adam and Nick) We'll travel to 2010. Then one of us will come back and get one of you. And so on and so forth. Go light on the clutch. I don't wanna lose our deposit. Jacob starts the car. Oh shit, they found me! I don't know how but they found me! I always wanted to say that. Punch it! Jacob HITS THE GAS. Let's see the look on this pig's face when we hit 88 and disappear into thin air! Yeah! The SPEEDOMETER hits 75, 80, 85, and then 90. And then 95. The car SHAKES VIOLENTLY. This thing's a piece of shit. Up ahead, the ROAD CURVES DRASTICALLY. Yeah? I hear ya. I wonder if we'll still be here for our court appearance. I have no tolerance for intruders. I'm still pretty OK with it. Just help me put him outside. Yeah, fuck that, we're going to that party! Hear me out. Lou paces around the room like Patton addressing the troops. We saw the scientist. He was worthless. We tried the tub. Dead end. I got us a fucking time machine. From Hertz. It might as well have been a Nissan. Adam shakes his head, as Lou continues. Gentlemen, it's fucking 1987. Nixon's in the White House, gas is free, and we're about to put a man on the moon! The point is you haven't even met your wife yet! She can't fault you ago! Even if 23 years ago somehow ends up being tonight! Adam starts listening a little more closely, as some of Lou's logic actually makes "some" sense. It's time to start facing the fact that we may not be going home. And if that's so, then we owe it to ourselves to make the best life we can for ourselves. The guys listen intently, as Lou's speech reaches a passionate climax. Because I don't want to be that college freshman who spends the first semester hiding in his dorm room, only to realize that come spring, he has no friends. No! Are you with me? Close enough. We'll talk some more at the party. It's good to be home. In a corner, Phil puts his ARM in a SHARK TANK. Just as the shark goes to bite, he PULLS HIS ARM OUT, unscathed. A small crowd claps. Our guys are confused and upset. If he doesn't lose that arm soon, I'm gonna take it from him myself. With that, Lou wanders off toward another room, leering at and groping girls as he goes. Truth or dare? Lou confers with Michelle before answering. Dare. OK, we dare Lou to put a Twizzler up his ass. Lou stands up and angrily points at Jacob. You son of a bitch! Have you ever played this game before? It's supposed to be awesome! Lou nevertheless grabs a TWIZZLER from the snack bowl and shoves it down the back of his pants. His face contorts uncomfortably and he is almost on the verge of tears. This is a horrible thing you're doing and I hope you never have to experience what I am currently going through. Lou sits down and Michelle consoles him. Your turn! Truth or dare? Before Sandy can even confer with Jacob: (grumbling to Michelle) I don't care. Whatever. This is not the point of the game. OK, each of you has to tell your darkest, most personal secret. Lou crosses his arms and shakes his head. Oh you poor thing! Come here... She takes Jacob's head to her chest and strokes it gently. Lou makes a jerk-off gesture. I'm not sure I should tell mine. Come on! You have to! OK, but you can't laugh. We promise. Let's hear it. So this one time me and my friend Lori took a train to Baltimore. It was the summer and we wanted to party, but we had no money. So Lori found this businessman who was also looking for a good time and told him that we'd give him a half and half for seventy-five dollars. You know -- a suck and fuck. Lou and Jacob look shocked with the MATTER OF FACT storytelling. Michelle smiles. She's heard it before. Anyway, we get him up to his room and Lori starts going down on him, but I really wasn't into it. So I broke a piece of the bathroom mirror and used it to cut his artery on the-heck. Right here... She rubs Jacob's neck, pointing it out. He bled for about an hour before he died. Afterwards, we took his wallet to the bar and found out he only had forty-seven dollars. Michelle GIGGLES. Michelle! You said you wouldn't laugh! I'm sorry! Jacob and Lou look shell-shocked. Fuck you, your turn. I know. You don't look like you could handle power tools. Who are you?! Adam shrugs, indicating he might as well tell her. Let me guess. You want to beam me up to your spaceship built for two? Or maybe you're wondering if these are astronaut pants? Because my ass is out of this world? Give me a break, spaz. I've heard them all. She turns away. Adam goes after her. OK, what's the punch line? An ARM comes from behind and CHOKES ADAM. It's Blaine. Blaine, stop! Blaine, that's enough! Let him go! He can't breathe! Blaine doesn't stop. He smiles like an asshole. Screw you, Blaine! Jennie gets up. She grabs Adam's arm and YANKS HIM along with her, as she storms away. Come on, let's go! Blaine looks ON FIRE, as he watches Jennie leave with Adam. It's from a box. There's lots! Mmm. Fantastic. Do you mind if I borrow my friend? We'll only be a moment. You're gonna fuck her! That guy was undesirable. You heard her. It was about the money. She's not a hooker. She's a girl who did what she had to do to make a few bucks. (tries new tactic) Listen, she's probably awesome in bed. Exactly! Jacob looks confused. Perfect! Me neither! No one here uses condoms. It's like heaven. Only with a lot more coke. Lou takes his COKE out of his pocket and SNORTS a bunch. How do I look? Rock and roll. Lou exits the bathroom and calls out to the girls. Who's ready to get laid by an awesome penis?! How much? I'm sorry I called you those names. You're still not gonna tell me how you know me? Fine, let's just drop it. I'm glad you're feeling better. Blaine had no right to hit you. I bet he's going out of his mind right now. Yeah, well guys like you come to visit. Guys like him live here. I'm gonna get going. Adam stands up with her. Thanks for being a good guy. I don't remember the last time I had this much fun playing such a stupid game. She gives Adam a sweet KISS ON THE CHEEK. If you run into Blaine, you can tell him I blew you. But that's all. We didn't do anything else. Shh. It's our little secret. Jennie exits, leaving Adam confused. Tab? I thought about what you said and you're right. I should be with you. I want you, Adam! She RIPS OPEN her lingerie, revealing her AWESOME HEAVING So you do like her better than me? What's wrong with my vagina, Adam? Would it be so bad to spend the rest of your life with my vagina? Guess who re-popped his 80s cherry? This guy! He points at himself in a celebratory manner, as behind him -- The Towel Guy whose room this is comes RUNNING UP. Help me put him in the closet. He's grabbing drinks with Tad and Chaz. Which is what we should do. We'll start at the Brew Haus and do a three drink crawl up the street-- Adam gets more fed up than ever. Adam. I know I don't look like I understand, but I do. You have a beautiful fiancee who means more to you than anything in the world. And if you could, you'd literally travel across time for her. I get it, man. Life is about these moments. Moments where a regular Joe becomes a hero. Moments where you dig deep and find the motivation... the courage... the guts to do what's right and what's necessary. It's moments like these... Lou suddenly notices some COCAINE on the edge of the tub. Jesus, how come nobody told me there was coke out here? Lou SNORTS A BIG LINE. What was I saying? Adam and Nick get out and towel off. Lou follows. I've gotta stop doing cocaine and I need to go to the hospital. I just saw a fucking kitten explode. This is the present. Um... The HOT TUB IS NOT PLUGGED IN, and yet it's clearly running. Maybe these aren't the right kittens? Adam points at him in a "now you're thinking" way. You can count on me! Hate to tell ya, pal. Browns are gonna lose by 3 in overtime. Not only that, but I bet you Elway's gonna throw a touchdown with 37 seconds left. Care to make it interesting? Name's Musselman. Hank Musselman. I've got a cool name, huh? I win -- your wife gives me a blowjob. A classy one. For the first time, Candace looks less than bored. She does a bad job of feigning disinterest. You win -- you can kill me. Any way you want. Knife, gun, torch, sword... I'll even make a video exonerating you. I'm serious. You look like a man who has everything. Except the license to kill. Care to gamble? Rick looks at Lou long and hard. Lou doesn't flinch. Exactly. Look. Who am I? I'm your wife. Nuts in my mouth. Get it? I like it slow and romantic. There! Smell it. Smell the stain. Adam puts his nose up against the stain and SNIFFS. He recognizes something, but can't put his finger on it. Mmm hmm. Hank Musselman's getting the Nobel Prize. Scientific method. I thought it was some guy's jizz. It worked, didn't it? You can't be here. If Blaine sees you, he'll snap your neck. I told him I blew you and he's not happy. Holy shit! Lou immediately approaches the kids, even as Nick tries to hold him back. Herschel and Evelyn aren't gonna do a damn thing. They're losers. Listen to me. Start putting minoxidil on your scalp. Tonight. Then, when Propecia comes on the market, start taking it. Every day. Hair is important. You will! (leans in, quietly) Or I'll tell everyone about how you jerked off to that issue of Playgirl. Hey, you don't have to justify to me, pal. I'm God. Fine. You wanna see Blaine? It's your funeral. He's in the warehouse at the end of Lawrence. Good luck. Moment of truth. Lou takes off his hat and feels his scalp - no hair. That fucker! Just then, Lou's NOSE SLIGHTLY SHIFTS, the result of being broken and never fixed. It stays this wa for the rest of the movie. Lou touches his nose. Oh, that's just great. Jacob runs up, in a friendlier disposition. Yes! The race is on! Duh, it's 1987? We're at a ski resort? Disputes like these are settled with a downhill ski race. Usually at dawn. It's the law. Whoa! You got blown?! See? I told you! That chick blew you?! Gay. Blaine and his goons approach from below. Adam puts on his game face. Yes! Chicken parm. It's my favorite. Keep the sandwich. Do you have any stories about these chips or can I eat them? There you are! Making good on a rumor. Jennie STANDS UP in the tub and she's TOPLESS. Adam DROPS THE SANDWICH, shocked. When I saw you win that race against Blaine, everything changed for me. I realize now that I deserve more. I deserve a winner. Come and get your prize. Adam reaches next to the tub and hands her a ROBE. Oh my god. I missed my opportunity. I would totally blow you right now. Holy shit! You may have killed this guy! No wait... wait... I've got a pulse. Eh, so much for that. Nick puts his hand on Adam's shoulder. Nah, I'll take a rain check. Listen, your lives at home sound all beautiful and happy with your barbecues and swimming pools and "oh, that sandwich reminds of some gay shit I did one time." Adam and Nick don't look thrilled to be reduced to this. But my life back there sucks. And in case you haven't noticed, my life here fucking rules. So I have a coke problem? I'll go to rehab. I have no money? I'll stop winning sex and start winning dollars. Lou DRAGS BLAINE by the foot closer to the tub. Guys, I was tailor-made for 1987. And you'll excuse me, but I value banging young chicks way more than all of your friendships combined. No offense. Adam, Nick, and Jacob kinda nod and understand. I don't hate you as much as I used to. One small step for man! One giant asshole puking in a hot tub! Here goes nothing! Lou does the HEIMLICH MANEUVER on Blaine. It takes ONE... TWO... THREE THRUSTS until Blaine PUKES IN THE TUB! For a second, it's just a BIG SPLASH of VOMIT and nothing else. Oh, the face, eh? I was curious how you'd react. Didn't think you'd be scared. You're damn right it's me. You just traveled 23 years in three seconds. Took me 23 years. It's good to see you guys! It better! You know how much I pay the groundspeople around here? A lot. But that's all right, I'm fucking loaded. Look at all this. Everyone looks confused. I'll give you the short version, because time is of the essence. First of all, to settle an old bet, time most definitely has been moving forward. It is exactly three days since you've arrived here in beautiful Havenhurst. Jacob looks at Nick. Secondly, I'm filthy rich. Made sports bets. Sued Ace of Base. I own most of V ermont. (MORE) I've been reimagining the state as my own personal playground. You could say I'm a little bit like Michael Jackson, except I don't fuck kids. Two YOUNG HOTTIES walk by and wave at Lou. I do fuck them, though. Haven't gone above 24 years old in 10 years and even then, it was a mistake. A horrible mistake. Way ahead of you, Adam. You have 2 hours to get to New Jersey in time for your rehearsal dinner. Not even a little bit. I have a helicopter waiting in the parking lot and a private jet on my airfield five minutes away. The guys look stunned. I had some time to plan. God, it's good to have you guys back! By the way, Adam, I hope you don't mind. Right after you left, I fucked Jennie silly. You get the big time assist. All that talk of her finding the right guy who's willing to give up everything? Made her wetter than a log flume. She's all-time top five. Time travel paradox. Think really hard about that one. What happened to me when I was 19? Nick shrugs. He looks at Adam. Suddenly, both their eyes nearly pop out of their skulls. Yeah, you're gonna have some lingering memories of both versions. You don't wanna know. The kid sucked, OK? He couldn't take even a little bit of direction. Pretty soon I realized that having two versions of the same dude walking around -- as cool as that sounds -- didn't make very much sense to me. So I took care of the problem. I had to do it. I killed myself. Yeah, it was really some existential shit. I mean, here I am committing homicide and I'm actually committing suicide. It was easy actually. For a minute, I thought I might be dealing with that whole Timecop thing. You know, the same matter can't occupy the same space at the same time bullshit and we both go poof? Especially after that whole nose thing. But no, it was just a murder. I didn't suffer. It was strangulation. You'll have to introduce me when we get there. Your families won't know me. Although I'm sure they're huge fans. So hey, getting married, huh? Taking the plunge! Adam looks disturbed. Nick looks confused. Don't you ever let me take your phone again! Me too! Oh my god, what happened? I was partaking in a little ski adventure and I mistakenly wandered into your fiance's path. His broken leg is my broken heart. My most humble apologies. Lou scrapes and bows and regally kisses Lily's hand. She looks genuinely flattered. Lou gets up and whispers to Adam. See? I'm awesome here. You shoulda stayed out of that tub. Why wouldn't it be OK with me? That sounds nice. You look so good in this shirt, by the way. Nice choice. She puts her head on Nick's shoulder as they dance. Still working hard. I really wish they could retire already, but it's tough competing with the big chains. I mean, they just have the one store... I know you were only gone for a couple days, but I missed you so much. Adam takes her hand. It's about time. OK, what's the fantasy? Booor-ing!! Done and done. They bolt for the door and we So you're friends with the bride? Can you keep a secret? I'm actually kinda crashing the party. Naughty girl. You're secret's safe with me. I'm just in town for a couple of nights. I'm actually looking for my father. We've never met. I'm from here. Maybe I know him. His name is Hank Musselman. For a moment, Lou's expression FREEZES. He blinks. Then -- No, never heard of him. He goes back to MAKING OUT WITH HER and we: 