No turning back. I'm hoping for some mauling, like on my shoulder or lower back. Yeah, it's only fun if you get a scar out of it. A shield. There are like a million shields! Ooops, now this one has blood on it. The Gronckle takes aim at the distracted twins. Blam! The shield is blasted out of both of their hands. Tuff and Ruff SPIN like tops and go down. What?! The Gronckle scoops up a pile of rocks and SWALLOWS them back. The teens gather on the far side of the ring. No. Just you. Astrid ROLLS away. A split-second later a lava slug knocks Hiccup's shield clear off of his arm. Hiccup is exposed. I mistimed my summersault dive. It was sloppy. It threw off my reverse tumble. Eye rolls from the group. Yeah. We noticed. He showed up. He's never where he should be. "Dragon" DeBlois/Sanders Final Draft (Rev.19) 02-13-2010 30. While we're still alive? ...but now... Snotlout gets up to go. "Dragon" DeBlois/Sanders Final Draft (Rev.19) 02-13-2010 31. Read it. She pushes it toward him and leaves. Do you ever bathe? How about I give you one! Ruff and Tuff SHOVE each other, till their movement and noise gives them away. The Nadder ATTACKS, SNAPPING at both of them. Hiccup! She puts her finger to her lips and gestures for him to hide. A moment later, the Nadder leaps over the walls, surprising them by landing in front of her. Astrid somersaults into its blind spot, confusing it. She rears back to strike -- just as Snotlout LEAPS IN, protectively SWEEPING Astrid behind him. Hey! Snotlout MISSES. Astrid glares at him. --Hiccup! Hiccup spins around to see the maze walls collapsing like dominos toward him. Astrid comes flying through the dust and crash-lands on top of him, laying him out in a limb-tangled mess. She could do better. The Nadder closes in, emerging through the cloud of dust. Is this some kind of a joke to you? Our parents' war is about to become ours. Figure out which side you're on. She grabs her axe and stomps off. Hiccup watches, stung. Okay, I've been stuck with you since birth, and that was never there before. Hey! It's us, idiots. Astrid and Ruffnut are soaked. Wait. They FREEZE. A tail SWEEPS out of the fog, taking them down. Their buckets spill. "Dragon" DeBlois/Sanders Final Draft (Rev.19) 02-13-2010 45. ON MAN AND MAN coming across them. They see the puddles of spilled water. It was really cool. He squirms and invents an excuse. "Dragon" DeBlois/Sanders Final Draft (Rev.19) 02-13-2010 48. I normally don't care what people do, but you're acting weird. Well, weirder. Toothless spots a nearby sheep and makes a move toward it. As a result, Hiccup is suddenly PULLED TIGHT against the window shutters. He STRIKES A POSE to compensate... then gets PULLED THROUGH the shutters. They snap back in Astrid's face. Astrid reopens them and finds nothing but an empty stall. In the distance, Toothless and Hiccup slip off unseen. Stay out of my way! I'm winning this thing. This time. This time for sure. "Dragon" DeBlois/Sanders Final Draft (Rev.19) 02-13-2010 60. With a FIERCE BATTLE-CRY she LEAPS from cover, axe cocked to throw. What? Late for what exactly? Stoick holds out his hands to silence the jabbering crowd. I want to know what's going on. No one just gets as good as you do. Especially you. Start talking! Are you training with someone? It better not involve... this. That's for the lies. Astrid pounces the hilt of her axe off of Hiccup's laid-out body. Get down! Run! Run! Astrid pulls her axe, ready to take on Toothless. I scared him!? Hiccup makes a “be quiet” motion. Who is him? Oh great Odin's ghost, this is it! "Dragon" DeBlois/Sanders Final Draft (Rev.19) 02-13-2010 64. Hiccup and Toothless fly Astrid to the top of a towering pine. It bows and creaks under their weight as Astrid dangles a hundred feet in the air. I'm not listening to ANYTHING you have to say! Now get me down. Okay! I'm sorry! I'm sorry! Just get me off of this thing. Astrid is defeated, her aggressive energy gone. Satisfied, Toothless relents. They level off and head up into the clouds. Astrid opens her eyes again, and looks out over a world she'd never dreamed of. She reaches out and touches clouds, pierces columns ablaze in golden hues, and floats over a vast, alien sky- scape. Her terror is replaced by wonder. She grins, despite herself. Toothless rises above a blanket of clouds... Alright I admit it. This is pretty cool. It's... amazing. He's amazing. Astrid carefully reaches down and pats Toothless' side. ... kill a dragon. What's going on? What does that make us? The dragons BANK and dive in formation, plummeting through the thickening fog and weaving between towering, craggy sea stacks. They emerge at the base of a massive volcanic caldera, glowing with rivulets of lava. The flock of dragons fall into rank, funneling through a crack, and zipping through a winding tunnel. It gives way to a vast, steamy inner chamber, tiered with pocky shelves. Dragons of all breeds lay about, nested in hordes. The arriving dragons fly in, dropping the fish and game into a central pit, glowing red and shrouded in mist. Hiccup is amazed. They're not eating any of it. "Dragon" DeBlois/Sanders Final Draft (Rev.19) 02-13-2010 68. Last to arrive is a dim-witted Gronckle. It hovers over the pit and regurgitates his paltry contribution -- a pathetic little fish. As it falls into the steamy pit, a terrible ROAR rings out. The Gronckle tries to flee, but before it can, a gargantuan dragon head juts from the steamy pit and SNAPS it out of the air. Swallowing it back whole. Hiccup and Astrid recoil, terrified. (her mind reeling, talking Hiccup's ear off) No, no, it totally makes sense. It's like a giant beehive. They're the workers... and that's their queen. It controls them. She leaps off of Toothless and runs toward the village. Hiccup, we just discovered the dragons' nest...the thing we've been after since Vikings first sailed here. And you want to keep it a secret? To protect your pet dragon? Are you serious? Hiccup stands firm, resolute. Okay. Then what do we do? Okay. Astrid PUNCHES Hiccup in the arm. Be careful with that dragon. What are you going to do? I will. Just promise me it won't go wrong. Hiccup can't. Gobber approaches. Hiccup! Astrid wedges her axe under the arena gate and squeezes through. Hiccup! She picks up a hammer and hurls it at the Monstrous Nightmare, hitting it in the head. It turns its attention to Astrid, and begins chasing her. Stoick raises the arena gate, waving her toward it. Stoick no! It's a mess. Hiccup doesn't respond. Yep. The rest of us would have done it. So why didn't you? Hiccup just shakes his head - he really doesn't know. Astrid's eyes glimmer. She wants something. That's not an answer. Because I want to remember what you say right now. You said 'wouldn't' that time. First to ride one, though. Hiccup blinks. He never looked at it that way before. I bet he's really frightened now. What are you going to do about it? Beat. Good. But you've already done that. Another beat. That's more like it. You're crazy. I like that. So? What is the plan? Hiccup smiles, glowing in the support of his friends. Uh-uh. Hiccup slows to a stop in front of the teens, with the Nightmare inches from his outstretched hand. He reaches over and grabs Snotlout's trembling hand. That's my specialty. Butt Elf! Yeah! You're the Viking! Snotlout grins, finally vindicated in her eyes. In his distraction, he gets thrown and lands heavily on one of the Red Death's spines -- clinging precariously. A close call. He's up! She turns to Ruffnut and Tuffnut, who are ARGUING and THROWING PUNCHES at each other. I'm on it! I'm on it! Hey! Let me drive! The twins peel off, ARGUING as they race each other to the monster. Snotlout sees the Zippleback diving toward him and DASHES down the Red Death's head. He runs up the end of its horn... As the twins sweep past, both missing him... but perfectly snatching him where the necks merge. Ruff and Tuff eye each other, surprised and impressed. Go. That's for scaring me. 