They've been sanctified and buried in the holy rites of God's church, and any hand that disturbs them now takes on eternal damnation. So please -- do it. My brother and nephew perished two days ago, when their hay cart turned over. We just had a funeral, isn't that what it means in England as well? Saying goodbye in their own way -- in outlawed tartans, with outlawed pipes, playing outlawed tunes. Non loquis Latinum? You don't speak Latin? We have to fix that, won't we? Did he give the poetic benediction? The Lord bless thee and keep thee? Patris Benefactum et -- ...It was Malcolm's favorite. Did the priest say anything about the Resurrection? Or was it all about Judgment? Didn't want your father to die either, did ya? But it happened. We'll sleep here tonight. You'll come home with me. We'll let the house, and the lands too; plenty of willing neighbors.He has already agreed to come. We cannot. Some scarcely believe you are alive. Other think you'll pay them Mornay's wages. We bid you to Edinburgh. Meet us at the city gates, two days from now, at sunset. Pledge us your pardon and we will unite behind you. Scotland will be one. An oath to a liar is no oath at all. An oath to a patriot is a vow indeed. Every man of us is ready to swear loyalty to you. Sir William. We come to seek a meeting. It is suicide. We cannot defeat this -- We must sue for peace. Invade?! That's impossible, it -- But... what will you do? You are surprised he would lie? Balliol was murdered in a church yesterday. You are Longshanks' new designate. You will be king. He won't come. That is another matter. There is a price to all this, required both by Longshanks and our nobles. Pay it, and you will be our king. And we will have peace. Homage is nothing. It is the crown that matters! It will not be long before Longshanks too is encased in stone, and his crowns divided for others to wear. May he rest in peace... You have already sealed the coffin? No. But his weight with the commoners could unbalance everything. The Balliols will kiss his ass, so we must. A wise plan. And how is your father? We have missed him at the council. Clearly meant to draw more of his supporters here. Young Robert, we are honored --You let Wallace escape your whole army. You cannot blame me for this. But if we have not caught Wallace -- The Scots will fight for us? The weapon has been outlawed by the Pope himself! Wallace has sacked York! I have ordered conscriptions... Nothing new, Majesty. We have sent riders to speed any word. I hear. This Wallace is a bandit, nothing more. Before he lost his powers of speech, he told me his one comfort was that he would live to know Wallace was dead. You fancy him. Wallace's? For treason there is no trial. Tomorrow he will be charged, then executed. Simply because he eluded your trap, do you think he is more than a man? My father is dying. Perhaps you should think of our coronation. The little cow is insane -- Wallace's followers. You mock us with a smile? You may. Now, my flower, do you understand? Look at me. I said LOOK AT ME! All so very boring! He wants me to learn to fight too, so let me do it! Shut up, would you! How can I concentrate?! So I did! And what was so important about it? What is it?!Keep these. We're going too. Your dreams aren't about freedom! They're about Marion! You have to be a hero, because you think she sees you! Is that it? That's just a dream, William! I don't want to be a martyr. You know it's a trap. Your rest is making me exhausted. Rest, William. We're here to stay. We don't care to live, if we can't fight beside ya. Aye. The Bruce is not coming, William. Fourteen? -- I'll wait... back there. I should'a remembered the eggs. You'll move I could crush you like a roach. That depends on the man. Call it a test of soldiery, then. The English won't let us train with weapons, so we train with stones. Test of manhood. We'll get those English pigs tomorrow. Wanna stay with me tonight? With your father and brother gone, they'll kill us and burn the farm! Armed? How many? We don't split up! A common thief. Is your Poppa a ghost -- or do you converse with God Almighty?Then we'll just have a peek at the wounds. Dig 'em up! What it means in England -- and in Scotland too -- is that rebels have forfeited their lands. We were ambushed last night. But the Scots dragged their dead away. Someone dead from this household?All men lose heart. All betray. It is exactly why we must make the choices we make. We must have alliance with England to prevail here. You achieved that! You saved your family, increased your lands! In time you will have all the power in Scotland!... Yet you grieve. So more men were slaughtered uselessly! I am the one who is rotting. But I think your face looks graver than mine.His legend grows! It will be worse than before! He is gone! Finished! Dead! If he has not yet bled to death or had his throat cut for him, he will not survive the winter. It is very cold -- is it not, our flower? What choice do they have? Now they must serve us or starve. Now we kill two birds at one stroke. We recruit from Scotland for our armies in France. So the Scots will have none of them, will they? My armorers have already made a thousand. Impossible. How dare you bring a panicky lie. While I am in France fighting to expand your future kingdom I learn that Stirling castle is lost, our entire northern army wiped out! And you have done nothing?! What news of the north? Scottish rebels have routed Lord Bottoms! Let her speak. My greatness is better demonstrated with this. This is what happens when you must send a woman. And a fool. The Scottish nobles have sent him no support. His army starves. Our stall has worked, he must withdraw. You may return to your embroidery. You spoke with this Wallace in private. What kind of man is he? Then why does he stay? My scouts say he has not advanced. My son's loyal wife returns, unkilled by the heathen. So he accepted our bribe. If he wants his queen to rule, then you stay and learn how! I will deal with him. I sent for him -- and the little coward send you?! Where is my son?Then on the morrow, thou shalt receive they purification... And in the end, I promise you'll beg for the axe. Confess, and you may receive a quick death. Deny, and you must be purified by pain. Do you confess? ...DO YOU CONFESS?! It matters not, he is thy king! Against thy king, thou vile fool! Hast thou anything to say?Longshanks promised! He will. I know he will. The crown is that of Scotland. And Scotland is William Wallace. If I pay homage to another's throne, then how am I a king? He was a modest man. Does anyone know his politics? He strained his leg so that it pains him to ride. But he sends his greetings -- and says that I speak for all the Bruces. And for Scotland. My father hears that Longshanks has granted prima noctes. In my heart I had begun to hope that he would never break. He broke because of me. I saw it. He lost all will to fight. He was so brave. With courage alone he nearly won. I must... consult with my father. I am trying. I'm no coward! I want what you want! But we need the nobles. No. But from top to bottom this country has no sense of itself. Its nobles share allegiance with England and its clans war with each other. If you make enemies on both sides of the border, you'll end up dead. Wait! ...I respect what you said. But remember, these men have lands, castles. Much to risk.They used hounds on us in Ireland, it's the only way! We must run in different directions! A patriot! Excellent! Stephen is my name. I'm the most wanted man on the Emerald Isle. Except I'm not on the Emerald Isle of course, more's the pity. In order to find his equal, and Irishman is forced to talk to God. Yes, Father!... The Almighty says don't change the subject, just answer the fookin' question. All right, Father, I'll ask him! If I risk my neck for you, will I get a chance to kill Englishmen? Come, it'll help you sleep. Fine speech. Now what do we do? I thought I was dead when ya pulled that dagger! Who would do such a thing? What's the crazy man saying, Lord? We can't stop!I will meet you, but only one way -- if Robert the Bruce is there, and puts his hand on my Bible, and swears his loyalty to Scotland. So let the council swear publicly. You've all sworn to Longshanks. With cavalry -- not heavy, like the English, but light, fast horsemen, like you nobles employ -- we could outmaneuver their bowmen! Peace?! A thousand. You have made me Guardian of Scotland. So I tell you this is what we face. I will invade England. And defeat the English on their own ground. No. One of us is enough. My dreams of Marion are gone. I killed them myself. If I knew I could live with her on the other side of death, I'd welcome it. We've lived a dream together. A dream of freedom! Nor I! I want to live! I want a home and children and peace. I've asked god for those things. But He's brought me this sword. And if He wills that I must lay it down to have what He wants for my country, then I'll do that too. Probably. But we can't win alone. We know that. This is the only way. I rest. Thanks for the food and drink. And for bringing 'em yourselves. Stephen ready? Mornay has come. So will the Bruce. We make spears. A hundred spears. Fourteen feet long. Hamish, I... thank... I do not confess. -- while many who serve him have taken and broken his oath many times. I cannot commit treason, if I have never been his subject! Never, in my whole life, did I swear allegiance to your king -- Treason. Against whom? I need you so much! I love you! I don't want to wake. I want to stay with you. I'm dreaming. It will numb my wits, and I must have them all. If I'm senseless, or if I wail, then Longshanks will have broken me. Every man dies. Not every man really lives. If I swear to him, then everything I am is dead already. Will he show mercy to my country? Will he take back his soldiers, and let us rule ourselves? M'lady... what kindness of you to visit a stranger. I cannot love you for the sake of revenge. You have... you have a husband. Why did you? A meeting in a barn. It had to be a trap. And only you would know I would be aware of it. She was my wife. We married in secret because I would not share her with an English lord. They killed her to get to me. And she was pregnant. SLAVES ARE MADE IN SUCH WAYS! A Lordship. And gold. That I should become Judas. York was the staging point for every invasion of my country. And that royal cousin hanged a hundred Scots, even women and children, from the city walls. I have been given nothing. God makes men what they are. It's battle I want, not talk. Wife of Edward, the king's son? And I will consult with mine. Then tell me what a king is! Is he a man who believes only what others believe? Is he one who calculates the numbers for and against him but never weighs the strength in your own heart? There is strength in you. I see it. I know it. War finds me willing. I know it won't bring back all I have lost. But it can bring what none of us have ever had -- a country of our own. For that we need a king. We need you. Nobles? What does that mean -- to be noble? Your title gives you claim to the throne of our country. But men don't follow titles, they follow courage! Your arm speaks louder than your tongue. Our people know you. Noble and common, they respect you. If you would lead them toward freedom, they would follow you. And so would I. We all end up dead. It's only a question of how. And why. And the common man who bleeds on the battlefield, does he risk less? Aye. But it won't let me dream. Bring out our spearmen and set them in the field. No English lord would trust an Irishman! Exactly. The dogs have a scent. My scent. Someone must have given it to them. They've tricked us.What are they doing? It was in Latin, sir. I don't want to leave. Good to see you again. I will not. Can you do it when it matters? As it matters in battle? Could you crush a man with that throw? I still say this is no test. A catapult can throw a stone farther than a man can. The test of a soldier is not in his arm. It's here. You win. Aye, we'll get 'em. I wanna have supper waitin'. It's up to us, Hamish! They're English soldiers, ain't they? Three, maybe more! They're coming! Then when? Tonight then. I've missed you. I will be with you, like this. Forever. I don't want to scare you. I want to be yours, and you mine. Every night like this one. But I won't give you up to any nobleman. I'm not just saying it! I want... to marry you! No. You don't choose your dreams. Your dreams choose you. Some nights. I have dreams. Mostly dreams I don't want. I started riding at night to fill up my mind so that when I did sleep I'd dream only of the ride and the adventure. I'll invite you again, but your mother thinks I'm crazy. Thank you for accepting. Your father doesn't like me, does he?