It's good medicine. Open space. She hasn't been out of this apartment in three years. I didn't used to think it was real... You threatened to drive her downtown. She has agoraphobia. Now look what you did. Only kidding! Excuse me, but would you mind explaining why you're watching the lady upstairs? Hal has it. But alive ! It's almost six. And guess what? Hall likes me bathed and shaved. Sorry, Luv. I've got a date. I know. Do come and meet your guest. Look out for her. She's tougher than you think. The moon is up, my night to howl. Will you be okay? I'm the only friend you've got, darling, and I don't intend to stop doing what I think is good for us. Then, why don't you just die. I'm going. They'll find your body years later, the old recluse lady, she ate cat food, ten years of the New York Times, unread, piled on top of the unread mail, the TV still on. Make up your mind. Live or die. I'll get coffee. When are you going to call them? You slut ! No sexy young cop for you unless you shampoo your hair. What? What'd I do? I wouldn't. He'll be back. If you want him. The cute brutal type with handcuffs. Very sexy. No, dear. You're at your best with a bag in front of your face. Okay. You win. 'Dirty Harry' coming up. Oh my God! Help! HE'S READING A NEWSPAPER! Cellulite. What do you say I blindfold you and take you to the gym. Aerobics with housewives... Monsieur Andy can smell your coiffure. And guess what else? When was the last time you washed your hair? He can't phone you unless the warden gets an okay from you. Did you give him an approval? A little heavy breathing is what most of us yearn for. Forget it. Are you kidding? You buy enough gourmet junk every week... most of which rots ... to garage a fleet of stretch limos. Well! Aren't we the daring one? What's morbid and ghastly enough in the news to make Doctor Helen set foot outside her door? The antenna is gone off her car again. I had no music, all the way to the market. Let me find a garage for it? Would you please get your hands off my face, Tallulah? What happened to the newspaper? Gaahhd! What a cop ! You busted me! The new one, in the Marina. She has a police radio scanner. It's always on. She turns it off, and then she has to turn it on again. She's obsessed. She can't not listen to it, but she can't listen to it, so she makes me listen to it. She just got to sleep. Do you have to tell her about it now? Hey, no. Leave those here. If you really want her help. I mean if you really do, leave them. Let her see them. I'll see they're safe... Oh, God, uniforms, more stress. Let her sleep. It's a self-limiting: she hyperventilates till she passes out, then her breathing goes back to normal, and she wakes up singing like a lark. We know, don't we, Princess? Give her a couple of hours. I know about this. Are you staying long? Shall I shut the door? Make your coffee? Make the beds? I'm okay. I really kind of enjoyed it.And you believed him when he told you he had done that. When was that? What first two murders. We don't know about them here, do we? What pattern was that? You said, first, he was lying. How do you know that, Doctor? 'Lying. He was lying.' I asked you what you thought, not what he did. Only part. What else? What did you think of his claim that he tied this girl to the tree and set fire to her because Joan of Arc told him to do it. Without question? He only scored 40 percent, four out of ten criteria? Couldn't another expert say he flunked the sexual sadist test? What curve are you marking on, Doctor?What day is this? In jail you lose track. This week. Friday. No, that's still in my jacket I was wearing. We were supposed to meet on the docks, that number 47 wharf, 10 o'clock Friday. He's gonna hand me 500 bucks. Wait... wait... I already called him, I threw it away. I don't have it... Tell me what you want me to say. Anything. You get me out first. I never carried a gun! I never hurt nobody... I was? How you spell that? Who are you? She's supposed to have it. The door was already open... Daryll Lee Cullum, he wrote that book, he wanted the lady to have it. They won't let him send it to her, so I'm getting out, he asks me to deliver it in person, he says, put it on her pillow. It has all about how he tried to kill her. I'm trying to tell you. It's on the lady's pillow... The door was open, swear to God, I'm just looking for her when you come charging up the stairs... I brought a present for the lady, there. I'm looking for her, to give her the present...That Klutz. They send him back here, I'll kick his ass good. Conrad has the phone number. Conrad, where is he? Damn! I gave that to Conrad, too! That guy! I told Conrad deliver to Kurten and keep the 500 bucks in return for getting my book to you. You come and visit. Listen, you want my advice? Steer clear. He's writing me he's gonna finish 'my unfinished symphony.' He's gonna give me $550 for some of my cum, he says he's in a position to see that I will be immortal if he has some of my spunk. I'm offended. Right away I smell freak . Writin' about him and me and you bein' joined and he's gonna finish my symphony ? I didn't care for his drift. I sent some liquid soap in a sandwich baggie with a message from Jesus to mend his ways. You hear I found Jesus? And what's funny is, now I don't mind bein' inside. If I was out, even Born Again, I'd probably get restless again. It's maybe better I stay here, what do you think? Something personal. Is he bothering you? Kurten! Is he bothering you? I told that son I'd send him what he wanted if he leave you alone. Bet you never figured I'd follow in your footsteps. It's real well- written. You should read it -- you're in it. I sent it by private courier, he didn't give it to you? That son of a gun...! You read my book which as you know, hit the stands a couple of weeks ago. You read it yet.Lieutenant Quinn. Well, there's something missing in there. There was something around her neck when I came in there, but it's gone now. No. I didn't. Michael Johnson. I was.Don't ever forget how good you are. I heard. Good police work. Who gives a fuck? In all the years I never seen you cry. You loved him. Christ. I didn't lock the fucking drawer! You spend twenty years thinking some perp's gonna whack you... you'll crash your car... but what happens is, you fuck yourself... You can't imagine how many times I saw you two... your head together, I wish him dead. Every time... Want to hear something weird? I feel like I'd give my life to bring him back. Doped up kids all over town. Park was full of them last night. Very easy pickin'. Goetz's type. Yeah, you did that too. You earned what you got; don't shit on it, that's all I'm saying. Yeah. And you used that. Used me You're shitting ion your career. You outrank hi... It's none of my business anymore... Working late. You're a damn fool. Not what I meant; why me ? What am I wasting my time with this shit for? I don't want the job. Don't do that to her. She's worked too damned hard for it. She knows I'm Catholic! She never mentioned divorce! Not once! We were together six years, sir! He's not treating her right...Back in the driver's seat again, Doctor? That old dream -- study us to see what makes us sick. So you can find a cure -- they'd name it after you? Death is the only cure for people like me. Oh, please. I know what's coming, now. "Let me help you..." I don't have the talent for any of those things. All I have a talent for is death. And I am one of a kind. What do you think of your student now? I have made you famous, I am your creation and your monument. Why did you do that? Didn't you have any idea how hard it was for me, to get that far? I worshipped you. You inspired me. I thought you could understand me the way you understood the others. I knew that about you -- the ones you admired were the great murderers; they fascinated you. We'll keep talking. Until they get here. Then... Don't talk to me about courage. I know death, what it's like to kill. You're not a killer -- you watched Daryll Lee kill that cop and you didn't make a peep, because you were paralyzed with fear. You chocked. I know something else about you. No. Not yet. You know where. I don't care -- she's a cop. That's the important thing. Cop-ness, not sex-ness. It won't be perfect, but it'll be good. I need her; she's a cop. I have to kill a cop, and then... Oh, I think you will. Mm-hmm. I can't get to you. You have to come to me. What was that? What am I hearing? The sound of an epiphany, a sudden blinding insight? You thought I was going to do Ted Bundy next, so you sent your partner... You like that action? Didn't that cop on TV look solemn ? The guy in the basement doesn't matter, anyway, just another lonely heart. Hi. It's your worst student, Peter Foley -- how do you grade me now, Doctor? She lies all the time. Why would I say I fed her if I didn't? Yes, I fed her. If she says she's hungry, she's lying to you. Again. Why don't we save it for later? It's almost time for Letterman.No, she can come in tomorrow... gonna want to know a lot of things... "Spokes person ." So I'm maybe gonna lose three good cops? You fucked up on this occasion, but don't be so hard on yourself. There's something I want you to think about. The book says if you use your gun, use it to kill, that's what it's meant to do. You tried to pick this punk off with fancy shooting, to keep him alive. To what end? You're not willing to kill, you can't be a cop. Go get drunk. I am. Nikko? Saks. If he knew you did that! They're all asking me, 'what is she doing,' as it is. You have no authority to make a deal like that. That' s for the D.A... How'd you get in on the deal? You got a suspect... I didn't want the Illigals, I wanted just the bastards dumping them in the harbor. What's keeping those bums at Immigration? Nightmare in here... Just, I need results. And -- I am short-handed. Who else am I gonna give him? Teach both of them a lesson in cooperation and self-discipline. M.J., I'm going to have to borrow Ruben. The alien-smuggling thing in Chinatown is going down tomorrow night and Jack's kid got hit by a car. I gotta give Ruben to Nikko. What the hell you need her for? Where you going? Okay, now what about your sidekick punching my favorite detective? What the hell is going on? You got no discipline in your operation. Christ. How old are you? You sure you want to be in this line of work? So what have we got? With the F.B.I. there's no such thing as a little help. They bury you with help. Explain to me about this virus, no don't tell me about the virus. Thing is, you saw it, the pictures. What? I talk like a cop, this is the way I talk. I can't believe this guy. Saks. He's a Deputy Assistant Director of the F.B.I. "Let me help you!" Or for some new nutcase to copycat the copycat. I know. Get out here. Who've I got to beat up except the messenger? Does this give us anything to go on? You ever reflect how this big explosion in dead women coincides with the flowering of women's lib? Sergeant? How about I put Nikko on it? I'm telling you. Don't you ever address me publicly in that tone. You'll work what and who I tell you to work. Would you step outside, Sergeant? What are you looking at that for? Helen Hudson. Work the clues. There was no sperm. We're gonna have a bunch of clapped out old hippies blissing on the Grateful Dead! Sleeping in the park, smoking dope and sticking tulips up their ass. This is the anniversary of the summer of love and your city fathers have declared a Festival of Love. The Mayor and Chamber of Commerce don't want TV announcing killers on the loose. You didn't say serial killer and I didn't say serial killer. I said you were... I tagged the goddamned stocking. It ain't lost. We're sequestering that evidence. That's the trap some son of a bitch is going to fall into... Shut up. What's going down with the sting in Chinatown? That gonna be off your plate in a week or what? Then you shoulda known she wasn't buying. She was just long-term leasing' you. Ah, Nickie. Except for that rare twenty-second twitch, there ain't nothin' about sex I don't hate. But of course, I'm Irish. Plus I got real problems. I'm worried I might have to put you in over M.J. There's something going on here, the Commissioner is targeting her now, I can't leave a woman in that position. But the thing is, how can I move you in, if you go on acting like a teenage asshole? Don't give me six years! You never divorced Patty, did you? So what'd you expect from M.J.? She left you, Nikko. She's not your responsibility. She takes very good care of herself. If she wants to romance the kid, it ain't your business. Your business is to snap out of it.A little homeopathic cure for the willies. Fear of what... What did I do? I hate this... None of your fucking business. She don't want it. We know... Send the book to evidence... He told you she was loaded, any- thing you could steal you could keep, Conrad? You bought yourself a return ticket to Quentin, breaking and entering. Where is it? You break into her apartment to deliver a gift? Where is it? Then you get your ass outta here, I don't wanta see you again... You take it, hang on to it, it'll make you feel safer. Stay put. You know how to use this? I know, baby. I know. Open the door. Please. They all have one... Yes. What ?... Yes. I have to go... I'll get a locksmith. Shhh. It's okay. Just breathe. I'll fix it... Tell me what to do! The problem for me is... you're in the witness category. Know what I mean? No. I'm shy and I'm selective. Not yet. We're through for the night, aren't we? You go on. Get some sleep. I'll stay until we can get a man out here and maybe catch a cab home. MaryJane. We call her M.J. I just started it copying to tape, but the tape never ran. It just did that... Let me get a little action started here. He's hacked into her Internet address. He's a hacker. The Boston Strangler, when was that...? You called us, Doctor, if you don't want to look at them here, how about downtown. I'll drive you down... Daryll Lee Cullum? I don't think so. If he's escaped we'd have the National Guard, cops'd be crawling through sewers. You'd have a guard on your front door. I gotta get something to eat, I haven't eaten all day. Talk to Nikko...! The woman was in shock. She was totally out on ranks. I stayed because I didn't want her to wake up alone in a place where she'd just been under attack. Stop that, you son of a bitch! The place wasn't secure. I was doing my goddamn job! And, for the second time , I slept in her living room. She wants me to check the phone booth for a note. What's Abba? It's against your rules that I try to help a witness who's scared shitless? Who's... Excuse me? Excuse me ?! What do you... Look at him, grandstanding... You're right. I can't stand that bastard. Sorry. This is something new. Not the same guy, that's for sure. Spread out like she was sexually assaulted here. She's blue as hell. No marks on her neck. Asphyxiated? not the same -- no ligature marks. Outdoors... Needle marks, fresh, here. look at this... She didn't fight back, no hair or skin under her fingernails. I'm not seeing any bruises or contusions... Is Niccoletti assigned here? Absolutely. You got a tape backup, yeah, here lemme copy it on tape... You said you don't give a fuck and that's the beauty of a breakdown? This doesn't look like not giving a fuck, you know that? I like women like that! Nada. Lemme make the call. What's wrong with him? You came in there with this attitude... Classy madonna. It's mostly done, they got nobody in common, the three of them... No mutual friends -- the Landlady says nobody was ever there, she never saw her with anybody. You know, M.J., when I watch you shoot, I realize I've got a little problem with my stance... could you just move over here and critique my legs? I'm sure she thinks it is. Aren't you at least interested in which one it is? Yeah, but she had divine guidance.You've been very useful, Doctor, we appreciate all you've done, and now the professional will take over... Just get out of your vehicle... Ma'am, please get out of your vehicle... We've put a tap on Dr. Hudson's phone. I know you won't mention it. She is a writer, writing best selling books about serial killing. Giving lectures she's well-paid for. Her interests are not the interests of law enforcement. Who prescribes the brandy? We know Helen. She's not exactly a credible collaborator. Especially late in the day... I was just about to advise the Inspector here not to show Dr. Hudson the note. We don't see too many lady homicide detectives. You have my respect. Have you discussed the note with Dr. Hudson? Hello. I am Meryhew Saks. The song is called "Murder By Numbers." The performers are a group called The Police. Adam here... ... from Behavioral Science is working out exactly what this perpetrator is trying to telegraph in the note. This is an extremely complex case, and we have a lot of fancy theories floating around. We're not ruling out the possib- ility of three Copycat serial killers. We have Quantico working on graphology, the Washington lap is cloning DNA from the secretor. It's our feeling that the best lead we have is the two sperm samples in one of the victims. We have a team sweeping sperm banks. Now I want to say a few word to you local people. Your Commissioner asked for our assistance. The Bureau does not send us in on these cases to lord it over the local police. We couldn't catch up on what you people know if we had a year. We have nation-wide resources and hard state of the art forensic science; you have the local savvy. Together we can be unbeatable. Which one is Inspector Halloran?