You met any of those old stars? Stars! Are you kidding me? I took  Rin Tin Tin out for a shit, for  Christ's sakes. I taught Shirley  Temple how to roller-skate. I saw  Fatty Arbuckle regurgitate three  cheese sandwiches right on the spot  you're sitting, kid. What did you  say your name was? Ted. Ted, right. I remember Marilyn used  to come down at night and doze off  in the kitchen. She liked the sound  of the fans out back spinning around.  Sure, these were stars, kid. Errol  Flynn used to call me "Alibi." You'll  pick up a few stories yourself, kid. I don't think so, not like yours. What do you think a star does when  he goes to the bathroom, kid? Beats me. He pulls his pants down and takes a  crap just like you and me. Take my  word for it. Camacho! Who? The cigar. Cuban. A good cigar,  wrapped in Miami. I get a box of  them every Christmas from the chairman  of the board. I think he sends them  to me to keep my mouth shut. It's  tough not to get a little personal  in this business. What do you mean? Put it on. Frankly, you look stupid... like the  Philip Morris guy. I can't believe I  wore that thing for fifty years. You  keep it. Stay away from night clerks, kids,  hookers, and marital disputes. Never have sex with the clientele. No way, not me. You got any other  advice. Always get a tip. What? Who are you? Oh yeah. Gotta light, sister? Goddam  cigar went out. Just forward my cigars, Red. Aufwiedersehen! Sam the bellboy. Now there was a  man. Yeah. You wanna buy me a drink? I'm starting  my shift. Yeah, sure. Correct. Oh, I know. Oh, I know... An inspiration to us all. An amazing man. A man alone. I know. Tonight! I can't. No, I can't. I never worked the night  shift before. We were supposed to work it together. Why not? Since when? I can't run this place by myself. No, I can't. Yeah, and he had fifty years of  fuckin' practice, too. I haven't had  a day. -- Don't call me Teddy. It's New Year's Eve. What I have ain't butterflies. I  can't handle this hotel all by myself. You can say any goddamn thing you  want -- Okay... okay... okay... I'm calm,  I'm cool, let's talk. Chester Rush? The guy from The Wacky  Detective? Okay. -- For fifty bucks. You're shirking your duties for this  Nazi. For that you pay a price, and  the price is fifty bucks. Yeah, but what you're doin' to me  ain't fair. And, you are completely  and totally taking advantage of me  and your position. So fifty bucks is  the perfect price. Green? Is that bad? Like you read  auras or something like that? Yeah, well what color are you seein'  around me... how's the tip lookin? You're booked in the Honeymoon Suite -- just one night? With all this luggage? Okay... and how will you be paying? Right. What the hell you got in here, lady?  Nuclear weapons? Oh -- I forgot to show you how to  turn on the Jacuzzi. May I help you? Oh yeah... you must be one of "the  others." And what're you carrying --  the Rock of Gibraltar? You might be referring to the  Honeymoon Suite. Straight thata way...  you can't miss it -- see all that  furniture in the hallway -- Oh yeah -- it's so great -- it's  fantastic. Past New Year's? Oh hey -- no problem -- wreck the  place. Bring in cats. Ruin the carpet  with flea powder, pour paint in the  Jacuzzi. Throw the furniture out  the... where're your bags? Yeah, yeah, Honeymoon Suite. All right -- lemme give ya a hand. I'm a man doin' a job -- no hero. About an hour. Uh, thank you, ladies -- I'll be  going now. If you need anything -- Yeah, yeah, rosemary. Ted... the bellboy. Here's the things you asked for. Oh,  and uhh, sorry, but I'm not gonna  pick the eyes outta this dead fish. Help me out, lady. I gotta earn this  fifty bucks! Try me. I've been around, y'know. Ha, like a coven of witches? Oh. I knew that! Gee, you don't look a day over twenty! Yeah? Is... is that her? She turned to -- that -- here? This girl here? This is the goddess  Diana? I hate to tell you this, but I kinda  doubt she was a virgin. Hey, don't cry... a virgin is a rare  and beautiful thing. If you say she  was a virgin, I'll believe it. Wait a sec -- that rock was gonna  turn back into this? Now, that would be something worth  seeing! If this is gonna be like one of those  afterbirth conversations, I don't  think I wanna hear this. You swallowed what? You mean, you were supposed to  bring... like... like a guy's... and  you...? Yeah, sure. Whoa, what? You want my -- for the --  witchy poo -- ahh no -- no way --  nope. Besides, it's against hotel  policy. I was warned: "No sex with  the clientele"! Ha, c'mon now, joke's over. Hey, we're gonna step in the flea  powder. Right! I knew that! What's a nice girl like you doing in  a coven, anyway? Well, that's a good thing! A guy  doesn't like surprises down there. Oh, well, I see you've been gaining  a lot of insight into your... girl  powers... Well, yeah, I'd say that seems to be  the case... Ohhh, God! Betty's gonna kill me! No. My boss. Oh no! Sure, baby. Yeah, I'll give ya a  call. So must it be. Three times three  times three. Oh, Jesus, what did I tell you? Do  you want milk and cookies, or do you  not? I can't turn on an adult station  without permission from your parents. That's not what the machine tells  me. You be good and you'll get milk and  cookies, but for now leave me alone,  please. I'll be up later to put you  both to sleep. Goddamn kids. Room Service. What room am I in? This is the front desk, sir. What room are we in? How should I know? I just got here. You know, don't you have one of those  light things? If you care to go to the door and  look on the other side, you'll find  the room number. Call my assistant and ask her what  floor we're on. Who's your assistant? The girl you party with every night. Who? I'm here alone, sir. It's room 404, I think. I could have sworn we were on the  fifth floor. Right. 404. Right. 404. What do you need, sir? What do we need? Ice. Ice? Ice. Ice. Ice. Yeah. Ice. Right, sir. Ice. 404. I'll be with  you momentarily. Anybody home? No one here but us chickens. Say, it's pretty dark in here, sir. What do you expect, Theodore, a  fuckin' floor show? Do I know you? I don't know. Do you? I brought your ice. That's cute. In fact, the whole  getup's kind of cute. The monkey  suit's a nice touch, honey puss. This has to be a mistake. Is this  room 404? Theodore? What do you take me for,  Theodore? A very upset man? I am an upset man, Theodore. How do you know my name, sir? I'm psychic, Theodore. Look my name is Ted, actually, and I  have no idea what's going on here,  but I've obviously come at a bad  time. Let's not belabor the fact that you  have no sense of timing, Theodore.  The fact is you're here. And I couldn't think of a better  time for you to introduce me to your  beau than on New Year's Eve. Oh fuck, there's a mistake. You're  fucking wrong here. My name is  Theodore, yes! My mother named me  that and I hate the name. But I'm a  fucking bellhop. People call me Ted.  I work here. Look, I'd love to sit here all night  with you talking about things like  when you broke in your first mitt -- That was insensitive of me, wasn't  it, T H E O D O R E? But let's cut  to the chase, okay? Okay. So apologize! For what? You are really beginning to annoy  me, Theodore. Look, obviously you two are working  something out and if I could help  you with your problem I would. What are you saying? Are you saying  I got a problem? Are you trying to  say I don't give her what she needs?  That I'm FUCKING INSENSITIVE!! Look, is this about another man? Or  something? Let's get our ABC's right, here,  Theodore. Theodore, right? Ted's better. Ted, okay... Are you saying my wife  cheats on me? I didn't say that... I... Oh, for Christ's sake, Theodore,  this is about as intimate a situation  as you can get, you, me, and Angela  here. It's pretty cozy. To say nothing  of how stupid an idea it is to lie  to a man with a loaded gun without  considering the possible response. I  demand an apology! Don't move. I've got to take this. What? We ain't got any needles here, kid.  Just a big fucking gun. Now, where was I? Oh yeah, I remember. I want you to pray for forgiveness,  Theodore. Now say after me, "I apologize..." I apologize... For what? For fucking what? That I said you might have been  unfaithful? "That I said you might have been  unfaithful?" Listen, Theodore, you're  in church here... you're kneeling in  front of an altar. Truth... truth is  all it hears. Say the following, "I,  Theodore, must humbly and sincerely  apologize for saying that you fucked  another man!" Satisfied? Do you accept the fucking apology? You always gotta get the last word,  don't you? It's one way with you,  Angela, isn't it? I give and I give  and I get nothing back. She just sits there waiting for me  to jump through hoops... Stupid me, for a second I thought  you were going to say something...  something like, "I'm sorry." HA!  "I'm sorry." You're absolutely right,  love cakes, I wouldn't want it that  way. That's one thing you can say  about Angela. She'll never do anything  she doesn't want to do. If the feeling  ain't there, she just isn't going to  do it. There is nothing in this world  as fucked as a woman who gives when  she doesn't want to. Never let that  happen to you, Theodore. It makes  you feel very little indeed. You mind if I...? Go ahead. Spit it out. I don't mean to upset you further,  sir, but I think she was trying to  say yes. Are you condescending to me, Theodore? Absolutely not, I would never do  that. Why don't you just say it? Say what? That you think I'm an idiot. I would never say that. You think you're superior to me,  don't ya, Theodore? You don't think  I notice there is a gag in the woman's  mouth. Of course you do. Naturally "of course." And do you  know how I know that? How, sir? Because I PUT THE GAG IN HER MOUTH!  I'm gonna let you in on a little  secret about communication, Theodore.  It's all in the eyes... Him? Or me? Him or me? No one? Okay. Let's  drag it out. What! Listen, lady, I don't know what in  the hell is going on here, but I'd  appreciate it if you would explain  to that nutcase that he's making a  big mistake. But I've never seen you people before,  we're complete strangers. I don't know if I can do this. It's  too hard. What? I'm not going to shoot anybody. And make me an accessory in the murder  of your husband? That's not fair. It just isn't fair. Tut. Tut. Tut. Not so fast. Well,  maybe there are two sides to this  thing. So why's he got you tied up? Nine thousand, three hundred and  twenty-two times, to the best of my  estimation. I was just beginning to think I could  trust you, Theodore. Silly me. I was just trying to help her breathe  a little. Don't let me stop you, Teddy. You  don't mind me calling you Teddy, do  you? That's fine. I used to have a little bunny rabbit  named Teddy, it looked real cute  nibbling on Angela's ear. Only problem  here is you're no bunny rabbit,  Theodore, and it really fuckin' razzes  me to picture you doin' it. But don't  let me stop you, Teddy... no need to  play sneaky-poo. Look, man, if this is some kind of  Voodoo thing and you want me to have  sex with your wife, there is  absolutely no way. I said, nibble, asshole! Now! Sorry, lady. What's the matter, no whiz left in  the cheese? I'm not cramping your  style, am I? Look, I'm not playing this game  anymore. It's almost all over, Theodore, and  soon you can go home to Mommy. My name is not Theodore, it's TED, Sigfried. What? My name is Sigfried. Sigfried? Yah, Sigfried. Nice to meet you, Sigfried. Very impressive, Ted. "Theo the  Thumper?"... Ouch. It's a deal, kid.  Ted it will be. Thanks. You okay, mister? I'll get help! That's the wrong door, sir. Get me the nitro... it's in the  bathroom cabinet. Now! It's no time to take a leak, Teddy,  I'm fucking dying here! Hi... Listen, I'm stuck here in a situation  that I can't even begin to explain,  but would you be so kind as to get  help? Could you call the police,  please? You okay? Sigfried? I couldn't find it! I thought you wanted to kill him. I can't handle this alone, I'd better  get help. I tie a pretty good knot, don't I,  Ted? Thank God you're okay... Never felt better. Come on, honey, don't get mad. It  was just a little test, and I'm glad  I did it because now I'll know forever  that you really do love me. Truly  and deeply. Oh, no. I heard you and there was  genuine care in that voice. Can't be  denied. Can it, Ted? I think you're right and, if you  just keep this kind of open dialogue  going, you'll go a long way to  resolving this misunderstanding. You'd be surprised what happens when  people just listen to each other  without succumbing to all that pain  and anger. That's a lie, Sigfried. I swear to  God. Why are you doing this? What have I  ever done to you people? He's got a huge cock? She's lying again, mister. It's not  that big. Show it to me. Come on, man, she's lying. Can't you  see she's fucking with you? Show it to me. Stop talking about his cock, will  you?! Please, don't leave me. I'll call  you Ted from now on. It's not me, mister, I swear. Personally, I don't give a fuck,  Ted, it's just I don't want to be  alone right now. I'm feeling a little  vulnerable. No guns, okay? Just you and me, Ted.  You know my father used to say that  forgiveness is the only thing that  evil can't sink its teeth into. That's beautiful. Kind of nice down here on the floor,  isn't it, Ted? Yes, actually. Things take on a whole new  perspective... You'd like my trust,  wouldn't you, Ted? Yes I would. I just got one thing to ask you and  I'll let you go. Okay. Okay. Tell me straight now. What? What was it like? What was what like? You know, you and her. Oh, for fuck sake, Sigfried, what do  you want me to say? Either way you're fucked, right? You  ever gonna see her again, Theodore? If I ever saw her again, I'd run the  other way. Promise? I promise. You're lying, but I can respect that,  Ted. If you told me, it would no  longer be a secret, and secrets have  a power, kid. You open that box and  they disappear forever. A bad secret  will rip you apart, but the good one  are all you got. In the end, when  all the people you knew are dead and  gone, all you'll have left are you  secrets. And when you die, the box  is open and it all blows away --  dust to dust -- all the anger,  jealousy, desire and love just blow  away. So you know what I say, let's call  it a truce, kiddo. I'm a man of love, Theodore. Love is  all I live for. I can see that. Maybe to a fault. Don't beat yourself up over it. That's nice of you to say, Ted, but  I probably should make a clean break  of it, cut her loose and get my own  place. I just can't imagine living  without her. Do you think I should  seek professional help? It's not for everyone, but maybe in  your case it could help. You ever been out on the ocean at  night? I have... scary as a motherfucker,  all that darkness around you. It's  like a big black carpet rolled out  as far as the eye can see. Sometimes,  if you're lucky, you'll see a light.  It could be as small as a little  spark, but it will cut a path straight  through all that blackness, straight  to you. It could be another boat, or  some distant fire on an island, but  that light will shed a shining path  of diamonds cutting through mile  after mile of darkness to lie at  your feet. That's love, Ted, it's  like a path of light in an ocean of  darkness. You people gonna be okay? Would you like me to...? Happy New Year, buddy. Happy New Year. I was just in room 404, what a party!  You know where room 409 is at? Beats me. It's somewhere around here. Hey, what's your name? Front desk. Bottle of Moet et Chandon. Fast. Give me that... There... see? You look cool with  your hair up like this. Like me... Not down and to the side, all stupid  like your mom likes to comb it. You've got your mother's hair. I can't do anything with it. There. Go. Hey. Let's just leave the kids here. No... with the television. You want to have fun tonight, don't  you? They'll be fine. Hey. You guys are going to stay here and  watch TV. I want you to be in bed asleep before  twelve. Your mother and I will be  back later on. Okay? Don't misbehave. Escaping. Stinks in here, anyway. What did I say? Behave. Yes, Papa. The champagne you ordered, sir. No time for this. Leave it on ice. There'll be plenty for you and the  party, baby, you can bomb yourself  all you want at the party. Hey. You want five hundred bucks? Sure! How about three? Three hundred? Yeah. Three's good. My children are staying here tonight  watching TV. I want you to check up  on them every thirty minutes. Check up on 'em? Make sure they're all right, make  sure they're fed, make sure they go  to bed. We can call out and hire a babysitter. I don't trust babysitters. My children  are safer alone than with some fucked- up pedophile babysitter I don't know  from the man in the fucking moon. Tell me that's not a face you can  trust. Look, sir, I'd like to help you out,  but I really can't. I'm all alone  here tonight. One hundred... two hundred... three  hundred... I thought you said five hundred. I said three hundred. No, you distinctly said five hundred. You calling me a liar? No, I'm not saying you're lying. I'm  saying you accidentally forgot that  what you first said was five hundred. I don't do anything accidentally,  jerk. I might've first said five  hundred, but what I last said was  three hundred, and what you say last  is what counts. Well then, if you say five hundred  one last time, we got a deal. You fuckin' with me, Pendejo? No, not at all. It's New Year's Eve  and I'm here alone. If there was  somebody else here, no problem, but  I'm by myself. And looking after  your kids is a pain in the ass I  don't need -- You callin' my kids a pain in the  ass? -- No, they're not a pain in the  ass, it's the situation that's a  pain in the ass. No, you were right the first time.  You win, tough guy, five hundred. What's your name? Ted? Yeah. It's Ted. His name is Ted. If you need anything,  dial 0 and ask for Ted. If something happens to my children,  I wouldn't want to be you. Before midnight? Then should I wake  them up for the countdown to the New  Year? Don't misbehave. Okay. These are the rules. Don't  break the rules and I won't break  your necks. I always wanted to say that. Someone  said that to me when I was a kid. Except they were joking. I'm not. The rules are simple. Don't do  anything you wouldn't do if your  parents were here. If there's an  emergency, call me on the phone,  like your dad said. Well, I've got a lot of work to do  and I can't have you calling me every  time you want a drink of water, so  please limit your calls to emergencies  only. Okay. Please. Try to call only when  necessary. Watch TV, and if you're  good, I'll bring up some milk and  cookies. Bye. They don't stink. Check it out. T & A. We're supposed to watch TV. Front desk. Oh, Jesus, what did I tell you? I  said if you don't bother me, you'll  get milk and cookies. Now, do you  want them or do you not? I can't turn on an adult station  without permission from your parents. That's not what the machine tells  me. If you're good, you'll get milk and  cookies, so leave me alone, please.  I'll be up later to put you both to  sleep. Man, you're the one with the stinky  feet. Yeah, they do. Hey, get a bottle opener! Yeah. Who died? No one? Then don't  call me. 4-0-9. I brought you some milk and cookies.  If you want some you have to eat  them now, because you're going to  sleep. Your parents said put you to bed  before midnight. Well, it's before  midnight. Maybe that way you'll leave  me alone. We were out of cookies, so I brought  you milk and Saltines. Don't complain!  Now hurry up and eat. You're going  to bed right now. These are old. Dip 'em in the milk! The milk will  make them soft. No crackers? Okay, fine. Sleepy time.  Now, I don't want you guys wandering  around, so if you need to go to the  restroom, go now. What about our pajamas? You wanna look nice in case there's  an earthquake, don'tcha? Okay. Then stay in those clothes. Oh, this is just some Mentholatum  ointment. Come on, under the covers.  Close your eyes and I'll tell you a  story. Your dad says he doesn't trust  babysitters. I don't blame him. You  know what my babysitter did to me  once? I never told my parents, either. I hated going to sleep. You know,  it's nighttime and you wanna run  around and act crazy. So what my  babysitter did to make sure I'd go  to sleep and not be tempted to get  up, was, she'd take some of this  vapor rub stuff... Can you smell  this? Well, she'd just dab a little of  this over each eyelid, so that I  would be sure and keep my eyes closed  all night. There. Now you've got some, too!  Don't open your eyes or it'll burrrn,  burn, burn. The smell helps clear  your sinuses too, so it's doing double  duty. What happens when it's morning? If you keep your eyes closed all  night, it will wear off by morning.  But DON'T OPEN YOUR EYES BEFORE Yes... I did. And now look at me. Good. You'll do just fine. Sleep  well and I won't tell your parents  about the champagne. Are you watching TV? What do you want now, for Christ's  sake! Who died? What? That's just your brother. Sound  asleep. You saw the body? Impossible. You've got ointment on  your eyes! You can't see shit! Now  go to sleep! Godammit, go to sleep! You washed off the ointment? All right. Now you listen to me... Go, sis. I'm coming up and if there isn't a  dead body by the time I get there,  I'll make one myself. You! Oh shit! What the fuck is going on??!! Your parents are on their way up and  I'm not taking responsibility for  this mess! For what? It's your feet! Jesus fucking Christ! What the fuck  is this? Police, it's an emergency! Hello, Police, this is the Mon Signor  Hotel, get someone up here right  fucking now, there's a DEAD WHORE  stuffed under the mattress! I'm dead fucking serious, there's a  dead fucking Whore stuffed in the  bedsprings of the fucking bed! FUCK!! Jesus!! Did they misbehave? Let me speak to Betty. She lives there. Do you even know who I'm talking  about? Betty, not Eddy. No, not particularly. She's got curly  red hair. She's not Japanese! I just said she  had red hair. Well, then get her on the phone,  it's an emergency. Tell 'em Teddy from work's on the  phone, and it's a major fuckin'  emergency. Not Betty from work, I'm calling  Betty! I'm Teddy. Just say Ted. No Margaret, this hasn't been my  best New Year. This year's starting  off pretty badly. Well, Betty -- the chick whose house  you're at, even though you don't  know her -- leaves me here all by  myself on New Year's Eve. And first  thing right off the bat, I'm fucked  by a coven of witches. A coven. A coven of witches. Well,  one witch in particular. No-no-no, she was... quite beautiful. Yes. Well, admittedly, that was the best  part of the night. It was pretty  fuckin' cool, actually. But it was  still an unnerving way to start off  the night. Okay, let's just skip over the  witches. So, later, in another room, some  crazy sucking maniac sticks a gun in  my face and forces me to play out  some psychosexual drama with his  wife. No, he didn't make me fuck his wife,  he thought I'd fucked his wife! He  held me at gunpoint with a loaded  gun! I don't know, I'm not a gun guy. It  was big. Yeah, something like that. What difference does it make? Who cares if it was a .44 or a .392,  it was a fuckin' loaded gun, pointed  at my fuckin' head! I want you to get Betty on the phone! Betty. What's the problem? I don't got a  problem, I got fuckin' problems!  Wanna hear? Well, most recently, there's room  716. There's a scary Mexican gangster  dude pokin' his finger in my chest.  There's his hooligan kids snapping  their fingers at me. There's the  putrid rotting corpse of a dead whore  stuffed in the springs of a bed.  There're rooms blazing afire...  There's a needle from God knows where  stuck in my leg, infecting me with  God knows what, and finally, there's  me walking out the fuckin' door right  now! Buenas noches. Yeah. Yeah, well, tough titty. They're  just gonna have to wait, 'cause I'm  out the door. Yes, Betty, I've had-a-real-bad-night -- Yes, I did. No, it's out. Now, look -- Look, I don't feel like -- Okay. But get your ass here pronto. Hello, Mr. Rush. Sorry for the delay.  How can I help you? What the hell are you doing here? Is that crazy husband of yours in  there? Entrez, entrez. Entrez, entrez, come in, come in. Hi, sorry I took so long, but I got  everything you asked for -- -- Not a problem, my friend Mr.  Bellboy. Actually, it's not Theodore, It's Ted. So, Ted the Bellboy, as I was saying --  would you care for some champagne?  That's not what I was saying, but  would you care for some champagne? No, thank you. Ya sure? Cristal. It's the best. I  never liked champagne before I had  Cristal, now I love it. Okay, yeah, sure. -- As I was saying, Ted, don't worry  about being late. For our purposes,  promptness is far behind thoroughness. Chin-chin. Whadya say, Ted? Thank you? No, not thank you. Whadya say about  the tasty beverage? It's good. Fuckin' good, Ted. It's fuckin' good.  Let's try it again, shall we? So,  Ted, whadya think about the beverage. It's fuckin' good. You bet your sweet bippy, Ted. It's  fuckin' Cristal, everything else is  piss. Bellboy! Bellboy! Bellboy! Knock it off, you're making my friend  Ted here uneasy. Pay no attention to Norman here,  Ted, he's just fuckin' wit' ya, that's  all. That's from Quadrophenia. Now  me, myself, when I think of bellboys  I think of -- "bellboy" isn't an  insult, is it? Is there another name  for what you do that I'm ignorant  of? Bellman, bellperson -- Bellboy's fine. Good. I'm glad they haven't changed  that. There's a friendliness to  "bellboy." As I was saying, Ted,  when Norman thinks of bellboys, he  thinks of Quadrophenia. No. You should, it's one of Jerry's better  movies. He never says a word through  the entire film. A completely silent  performance. How many actors can  pull that off? And he has to go to  France to get respect. That says it  all about America right there. The  minute Jerry Lewis dies, every paper  in this fuckin' country gonna write  articles calling the man a genius.  It's not right. It's not right and  it's not fair. But why should that  surprise anybody? When has America  ever been fair? We might be right  every once in a while, but we're  very rarely fair. Where do you want this? You in a hurry, Ted? No, not particularly. Good, then stop playing "Beat the  Clock." Now let me introduce you to  everybody. Our friend from downstairs you already  seem to be acquainted with. The name's Ted, Angela. I only let  people with loaded guns at my head  call me Theodore. Angela's like you, Ted, a newfound  friend. Have you ever seen Angela in a one- piece? No. Well, it's somethin' to see. The Man sitting in the chair, with  the bottle of Jim Bean in his hand  and the sense of humor, is Norman.  Norman, say hello to Ted. What's up? The sociable son of a bitch on the  telephone is Leo. And the person on  the other end of the phone is his  lovely wife Ellen. Leo, say hello to Ted. Hi, Ted, glad you could make it. What? What does punctuality have to do  with love? Which brings me to me, Chester Rush,  Ted. Pleased to meetcha. I know. I'm sorry I haven't seen  your movie. It's quite all right, Ted, nothing  to feel sorry about. That's why God  invented video. But you know, Ted, a  lot of people did see it. Who drank out of this bottle last? Who drank out of this bottle -- not  the other bottles -- this bottle  last? What's wrong, Chester? It's fuckin' flat, Norman, that's  what's wrong. The champagne -- the  fuckin' Cristal's fuckin' flat. I was saying, Ted, a lot of people  did see it. And not just on video,  either. Leo, what was the final take  on domestic? 72.1 million. You okay, champ? I'm cool, so talk to your wife. 72.1 million dollars. That's before  video and before foreign, and before  pay-TV and before free TV. We're  talking fuckin' asses in fuckin'  seats. Before all that other shit, The Wacky  Detective made 72.1 million dollars. And my new one, The Dog Catcher,  it's projected to break a hundred. The Dog Catcher. The Dog Catcher. Now let's stroll over here and see  what goodies you brought us. Do you mind me asking what's all  this stuff for? One thing at a time, Ted. I'm not a  frog and you're not a bunny, so let's  not jump ahead. C'mon, Norman, you  should be interested in this. Damn Skippy! Tell it. A block of wood. Good. Three nails. Why three nails? That's how many Peter Lorre asked  for. Continue, Ted. A roll of twine. That's definitely a roll of twine.  Continue. A bucket of ice. You into it? I'm into it. Go on. A donut. That's for me. Continue. And a hatchet. A hatchet as sharp as the devil  himself is what I asked for. Well, you be the judge. I'll be the judge. Whadya think? That's a sharp motherfucker. Bring  all this bullshit over to the bar. You heard him, Ted. Bitch! You still married? Maybe, maybe not, but I don't give a  flyin' fuck either way. I've had it  with that Machiavellian bitch! I'm  too drunk to drive home. I'm sorry  about that, I'm real sorry about  that. I got drunk on New Year's Eve,  cut my fuckin' head off... What's going on here? We now return you to The Man from  Rio, already in progress. Noooo, you're gonna do it? Looks like. You guys ain't bullshittin', you're  gonna really go for it? When we do it, you'll have something  to see. You are one radical dude. Well, that's everything, so if you  don't need me for anything else,  I'll go back downstairs. Not so fast, Ted. We ain't quite  done yet. Why don't you take a seat  at the bar, get comfortable, and  have an open mind when we explain  the festivities of the evening to  you. Look, guys, you paid for the room.  As long as you don't break up the  furniture, you can do whatever the  fuck you want. And me personally, I  don't care if you break up the  furniture. You don't have to explain  anything to me. Whatever constitutes  a good time as far as you guys are  concerned is your business. Well, it's your business, Ted. 'Cause  we want you to take part. Take part in what? Chester, your way of breaking the  news to him gently is scarin' the  shit outta him. First off, let me say that there's  nothing homosexual about what we're  going to ask you to do. There's  nothing sexual at all about what we  want. But I was thinkin' you might  be thinkin' we want you to do some  sex thing. Pee on us, suck us off,  shit like that. Let me assure you  nothing could be farther from what  we want -- No, you can't jump in here, this is  my story. Hey, if you don't like it, you can  get the fuck out. If it'll please the court, let me  explain to Ted our intentions. I second the nomination! Move the nomination be closed! Leo, the floor is yours. Thank you. Ted, did you ever watch the old  "Alfred Hitchcock Show"? Yeah. Did you ever see the episode The Man  from Rio, with Peter Lorre and Steve  McQueen? I don't think so. Oh, you'd remember it all right. In  the show, Peter Lorre makes a bet  that Steve McQueen can't light his  cigarette lighter ten times in a  row. Now if Steve McQueen can light  his cigarette lighter ten times in a  row, he wins Peter Lorre's new car.  If he can't he loses his little  finger. Norman and Chester just made the  same bet. Norman's putting up his pinky against  Chester's mint convertible, 1964 red  convertible Chevy Corvelle that he  can light his Zippo ten times in a  row. You guys are drunk. Well, that goes without saying, but  that doesn't mean we don't know what  we're doing. I'll tell ya what I'm doin'. I drive a motherfuckin' Honda my  sister sold me. You hear what I'm  sayin'? A little white motherfuckin'  Honda Civic. You see this shit?! "Hollywood's hottest new star, next  to America's hottest old car." Now you take a good look at that  machine that this motherfucker over  here is standing next to. That's a  1964 nigger-red, rag-top Chevy  Corvelle. And I love that car more'n  I love hips, lips, and fingertips.  Cut to we sittin' here celebrating,  gettin' high, drinkin' champagne -- -- Cristal. When you're drinkin'  anything else, you're drinking  champagne. When you're drinkin'  Cristal, you say you're drinkin'  Cristal. -- drinkin' Cristal. Watchin' TV.  "Rockin' New Year's Eve." When all  of a sudden we flip on Steve McQueen  and Peter Lorre bein' fuckin' badass.  And I look at this funny motherfucker  over here, and I say, "I'd do that  for the Chevelle." And Chester replies... "...Oh, really?" You guys wouldn't be doin' something  this stupid unless you were drunk. I think that pretty much goes without  sayin'. We'd probably chicken out.  But when you're fucked-up, you don't  lie. You tell the fuckin' truth. And  the fuckin' truth is, my lucky Zippo's  gonna win me Chester's car. Why are you doing this? Thrill of the bet. I'm the one with  something to lose here. 'Cause I can  pretty near guarantee that I love my  car more'n Norman loves his pinky. How 'bout you guys, you're just gonna  sit back and let your friends mutilate  each other? Why not? Life don't get much more  exciting than this. I mean if Norman  was puttin' his dick on the choppin'  block, I'd step in, 'cause, ya know  in the morning, we'd really regret  that. But his pinky? Who gives a  fuck? I mean theoretically, he could  lose that choppin' onions tomorrow.  Life still goes on. How 'bout you? Which brings us to your part in this  little wager. I don't have a part. Now, Ted, my old granddaddy used ta  say: "The less a man makes declarative  statements, the less he's apt to  look foolish in retrospect." Now  there're some inherent obstacles in  this undertaking. First of all, I'm  not some sick fuck like Peter Lorre  on that show, travelin' the  countryside collecting fingers. We're  all buddies, here. Nobody wants Norman  to lose his finger. We just wanna  chop it off. So if fate doesn't smile  on ol' Norman, we'll put his finger  on ice and rush 'im to a hospital,  where in all likelihood be able to  sew it back on. Hopefully. Eighty percent. Our side. So Norman's protected. His interests  have been looked after. My interests,  on the other hand, have not. I am as  emotionally attached to my car as  Norman is physically to his finger.  I'm putting up a very expensive piece  of machinery on this wager. Now, if  I lose, I lose, I have no problem  with that. I'm a big boy, I knew  what I was doing. However, if I win,  I wanna win. If Norman lights his  lighter ten times in a row, he's  gonna have no emotional problems  about taking my car keys whatsoever.  But if I win, it's not inconceivable  that Leo or myself, at the last  minute, might not be able to wield  the ax. Which brings us full circle  to you, Ted. Sober Ted. Clear-eyed  Ted. We want you to be the diceman. I gotta get out of here. Ted, I got a hundred-dollar bill  here with your name on it, whether  you do what we ask or not, just to  sit back down in the chair for one  minute more. I'm not gonna cut off his finger! Maybe you will and maybe you won't,  but that has nothing to do with this  hundred-dollar bill in my hand. You  can tell us all to go fuck off and  walk right out that door. But if you  sit back down and wait sixty seconds  before you do it, you'll be a hundred  dollars richer. Ted, you're gonna do whatever you  want to do. We're just askin' you to  indulge us for another minute more.  And Chester's willin' to pay for it. I'll take your money, and I'll sit  back down. But a minute from now,  I'm gonna walk out the door, and  when I do, there'll be no hard  feelings? Well, I want you to have a bit more  of an open mind than that, but, yeah,  we'll either convince you or we won't.  No hard feelings. Right, guys? Okay, Leo, you be the timekeeper.  Let us know when one minute begins  and when it ends. You got it. Gentlemen, start your engines. Begin! Okay, pay attention here, Ted, I  ain't got much time. Now I'm gonna  make two piles here on the bar. One pile, which is yours. And another pile, which could be yours. Now, what you have to be aware of is  we're gonna do this bet, one way, or the other. Whether it's you who holds the ax, or the desk clerk downstairs, or some bum we yank off the street. You can buy a lot of soup with that  pile. Shhhh, I'm the closer. How much is on the bar already? I  lost count. Six hundred. Ted, do you know how  long it takes the average American  to count to six hundred? No. One minute less than it takes to  count to seven hundred. You know,  Ted, a person's life is made up of a  zillion little experiences. Some, which have no meaning, are  insignificant and you forget them.  And some that stick with you for the  rest of your natural life -- -- barring Alzheimer's of course.  Now, what we're proposing is so  unusual, so outside the norm, that I  think it would be a pretty good guess  that this will be one of those  experiences that sticks. So, since  you're gonna be stuck remembering  this moment for the rest of your  life, you gotta decide what that  memory will be. So, are you gonna remember for the  next forty years, give or take a  decade, how you refused a thousand  dollars for one second's worth of  work, or how you made a thousand  dollars for one second's worth of  work? Time! Well, Ted, what's it gonna be? Okay. But when it's over, no matter what  happens, I get the money? As long as you do your part, you can  take the pile, walk out the door,  and not say another word. Let's do it right now, before I change  my mind. Here, here. Perfect, perfect, perfect, perfect!  This is great! This is a moment in  time none of us will ever forget. Norman, you ready? Ready! Ted, you ready? Ready. Okeydoke. Norman, begin. My finger, my fucking finger!! Where the hell have you been? 