Mommy!!! Promise? I can't. The voice man is coming to get me. Mommy, I'm scared. Come on, Mom. We're gonna miss all the fun stuff! Mom, I want to go to the fair ... No, Mom -- keep it on! He says things. Bad things. But I've seen him! The kids at school said this is a haunted house -- that a bad man used to live here. The voice man! He's here!Come on, sweetheart -- what is this? Who's coming? So they're trying to kill you and your baby. Don't tell me. Your name also happens to be Rosemary. Come on, sweetheart -- what is this? Who's coming? So they're trying to kill you and your baby. Don't tell me. Your name also happens to be Rosemary.It's ... Michael ... Michael Myers! No, please listen! They're coming ... coming for me and my baby. It's ... Michael ... ... Michael Myers! No -- please listen! They're coming ... coming for me and my baby.Debra, you're fuckin' insane. What in God's name are you talking about, woman? When are you gonna stop listening to those damned talk shows? What the fuck are you doing letting strangers in without -- What is it this time? See what I'm talkin' about? Kids are what's ruining this country. Everywhere you go, it's the same. No goddamn respect. Shitheads ... Defacing my property. I showed them ...Mrs. Strode, Michael Myers is here to kill his family. And he won't stop until you are all destroyed. I only thank God that I found you before he did. Lock the doors and call your husband. Get your family as far away from Haddonfield as possible. Found this morning. In a field outside Haddonfield. Stabbed. This house is sacred to him. It's the source of his memories -- his rage. Mrs. Strode, I beg you. Don't let your family suffer the same fast as Laurie and her daughter. He crept up these stairs and made his way into this room. His sister's room. Right here. Where it all began. I've come to help your family. I've been knocking. The door was open. Is everything all right in here? Leave the boy. Take me. No!!! You've created a monster. Samhain. Jamie's baby ... Why did you take Jamie? It was you. This is madness, Wynn. Where's the child? What's wrong? What's happened to Jamie? Good. I want around-the-clock surveillance on that house. Any word on the location of the Strodes? An old friend. I'm here now, Jamie. You're going to live. You have to. It's a sign. He's come home. Or what's left of him. That's what someone wants us to believe, but I tell you Michael is alive. I feel him. I sense the evil that lives inside, just as I did all those years as I watched him. Sitting behind these very same walls. Staring. Growing stronger. As my colleague, as my friend, please. I can't go through this again. Not alone. I need your help to stop him. It was Jamie Lloyd. She came back, as I knew she would one day. And whatever has brought her back has brought Michael back as well. It was her voice. On the radio. It was Jamie. Calling for me. Please try to understand, Terence. I've already made up my mind. You should know that it's not wise to play Halloween pranks on me. But surely Rogers isn't -- I hope you didn't come all the way out here in this storm just to quote Freud. That's the whole idea of living in the country. I thrive on the seclusion. Run, Tommy!!! Run!!! Only me -- -- and Dr. Wynn. No one. Right now at least one girl is dead and Jamie Lloyd is in there fighting for her life. She is the last of his blood line. If she dies -- What do you know about Michael? Yes ... Tommy. What are you doing here? I'm sorry, but do I know you -- Yes?Answer what? Then they can watch. Guess so ... But they're gonna light the tree in a few minutes -- Isn't he that psycho who's been spying on my sister? Relax. Everything's cool. Didn't I tell you Harry would be here? Happy fuckin' Halloween. Whatever happened to women in back? Shit, Beth, why do we have to be the ones to organnize this friggin' fair? It's only Halloween.It's not working! Wait a minute ... Kara, no! He's gone. Mrs. Blankenship, have you seen the little boy who came in with me and -- To find the rest of your family before Michael Myers does -- or whoever's been controlling him. 'When applied directly to another person, Thorn could be used to call upon them confusion and destruction -- to literally visit them with the Devil.' Black magic ... 'In ancient times, Thorn was believed to cause sickness, famine and death. Translated literally, it was the name of a demon spirit that delivered human sacrifices ... on the Celtic celebration of Samhain.' It was there when I found him this morning. It looks like some kind of letter or number or -- Not just Kyle. All of you. His entire family. Here. Look at this. Kyle's mother might be dead for all I know. Now I'm afraid he could be next. God, what's wrong with him? Him. I didn't -- He got in a fight and I -- She wasn't here when I brought Danny home from -- No!!! No -- there had to be someone else. Who knew?! Who else knew I had the baby?! No, Dr. Loomis. She's not the last night. I know he's alive. People in this town -- they want us to believe he's dead. But I know. I've always known. Please -- just tell me the truth. Has Michael Myers come home? I'm Tommy. Tommy Doyle. Laurie Strode -- Jamie's mother -- she was baby-sitting for me that night -- Dr. Loomis, thank God you're here. You heard her, didn't you? It was Jamie.Stay away, Sam. Amazing, isn't it? I even taught him to drive. And I'm its deliverer. Its calling card, if you will. I follow it. Protect it. Act as its guardian. In a sense, Sam, so do you. There you go trying to make sense again. It's a curse. Handed down through countless generations. As ageless as this celebration which you call Halloween. She has the gift -- the blood of Thorn running through her veins. Michael's mother had it, too. So for six years I incubated her, prepared her for this night. Michael has served his purpose. And soon we will have a new progeny. Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar. Your madness is another man's greatness. This is the way things have always been. You've just been too blinded by your own reality to see. But having you on the outside has been convenient for us in many ways. You always did come through -- our loyal watch dog. Finding him. Bringing him back to us once he'd finished his work. Although after you had that nasty stroke the last time, I had to go after him myself. And what a terrible time we had getting him out of that jail cell. Come now, Sam. This is a gathering of old friends. I know how difficult this must be for you -- a man of your upbringing and integrity -- but now that I'm in charge I felt it was only fair that you finally know the truth. After all, you're the only one around here who's still in the dark, as it were. This isn't the way I wanted to tell you, but you've really given me no other choice. Sam, you know you never fail to amaze me. Yesterday happily retired, today right back in the thick of things. Somehow I knew you still had it in you. I'll meet you over there. No one's home. Checked it out myself. There's more people moving eastbound down Old Reservoir Road past the elementary school. There you are. Who was that boy? Sam, don't -- let them take care of her. What is that? Notify Haddonfield's sheriff; tell him we're on our way. I want the entire staff on alert. We go to code red lockdown for twenty-four hours. If he is alive, I plan on bringing him back. After six years? Sam, she died with him in that explosion after the -- You don't know that for sure. It could have been anyone. A practical joke. Kids. But with Rogers and his house of hacks gone, you'd make the rules. Just think it over. You're the only man for the job, Sam. Things haven't been the same since you left. I'm recruiting the best psychiatric team in the country. Old colleagues. This is your change to finally make a difference. We need you, Dr. Loomis. Retiring. As always, your keen powers of perception astound me. And you're right. I've come to celebrate. After thirty-two years as Psychiatric Administrator, guess who has been named Smith's Groves new Chief of Staff. Unlike you, Sam, I learned many years ago not to second-guess the motives of my fellow man. Remember what Freud said: 'Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.' Or, in this case, a drink is just a drink. Christ, what a night! Not even so much as a sign for five miles on that road!