I have given a great deal of thought to that possibility, and I am prepared to face it. If it should come to war, and I presume that is what you are alluding to, I would rather have war with the Emperor than my own people. My dear Caulaincourt, you have no idea of how compromised my own position has become since Tilsit. I am blamed by the army for the military disaster at Austerlitz and Friedland, by the nobility for ruining their trade with England, by the merchants who must accept French foods at unprofitable prices, and by the nation for allowing Napoleon to dictate Russian policy. It's a fine thing to establish policies but, when they don't work, they must be reconsidered. Granted that you have hurt England, but she is still on her feet. And to seal off her trade with Europe, what has it cost you? You have had to rule with an iron hand. You have turned friends into enemies. And even at that, the result has only been partly effective. You have never been able to stop the extensive cheating, smuggling and corruption -- even of your own officials. But I should think the situation in Spain, alone, would give your policy a minus balance. You have had to commit a quarter of a million of your best troops against the guerrillas, with no victory in sight. And you have given England a dangerous foothold on the Continent, for her armies. My dear Caulaincourt, agreements can endure only when they allow both sides to live. Napoleon may believe it is necessary to injure England but, before that, he must realize it is necessary for him to allow his friends to live. He cannot expect me to tell my nobles they must ruin themselves so that he can bring England to her knees -- and I'm afraid that is what it has come to. It is a thing entirely unknown in diplomacy, that one government should assume a right to dictate to another, who is upon terms of equality, the conditions on which she should conduct her commerce; and, assuming such a right, second it by threatening language, in case of non-compliance. General Kutusov, I would like to call a meeting of my cabinet tomorrow morning and have you present this idea to them. I think it has merit and is worthy of consideration. What do you think Napoleon will do? Proceed. I must confess he would look a bit silly, fighting his way to Moscow and turning right around again. Well, one thing immediately comes to mind, if what you are saying is true -- he would merely withdraw his army from Moscow and return to Poland for the winter. Well, that is a very interesting idea, General Kutusov, but I can assure you that Napoleon is no beginner at this. Whatever analysis you have done on this situation, I am sure that he has gone over the same ground. Ah, yes -- proceed. I will accept your assurance, but I'm afraid I don't see your point. Yes, General Kutusov, I daresay that this has been considered and discussed at great length. Napoleon would simply spend the winter in Moscow and continue the campaign in the spring. Another lesser possibility might be to march on St. Petersburg now, although there is some doubt that he has the strength to do this, until he refits his army. For the sake of your argument, let us say that is correct. Rostopchin is a fanatic and he is capable of anything -- however, it doesn't affect what we are talking about. Please go on. You know, General Kutusov, there is a very strong possibility that the fire was not started by Napoleon's troops but was organized under the orders of Rostopchin's secret police. Proceed. General Kutusov, feel free to say whatever you like. I have decided to accept the principle of a negotiation; the terms are not established. Very well, General, what is it you wish to say? I know absolutely nothing of war -- and I am still totally dependent upon my generals. Ah, my dear Napoleon, sometimes I feel that I am not really an Emperor as you are. Fascinating! Tell me, leaving aside the question of grand strategy, for the moment, what would you say is the single most difficult tactical skill to master? Whatever suggested the idea to you? I think it's absolutely charming. And, what a delightful idea!Look, let me be completely open with you, I have a carriage and an escort waiting for me, and I have a great deal of money outside of France. Unless we stand a very good chance of carrying this off, I am prepared to call it quits right now. You realize what is at stake? I must be honest with you. I first approached three generals more senior than yourself, and they all very prudently sent excuses. In every practical sense, yes, but, officially, of course, I would have to retain command. Would you be prepared to handle this for me? These are odds of 8 to 1. Is this enough to oppose 40,000 men? Well, I believe there are at least 30 guns at Sablons. There are none here. The 21st Dragoons, about two or three-hundred troopers. About 5,000 troops. I don't even know whether a defense is possible. To be perfectly honest, I haven't the vaguest idea. We expect an attack on the Convention tomorrow morning, at daybreak, and I have been placed in charge of its defense. I don't have to tell you of our latest difficulties. Thank you for coming. Would you care for a drink? Ah, my dear friend, come in, come in. Please sit down. Please... Yes, Captain? Have you anything you wish to say? Yes -- who spoke up?I don't know what has happened to Prince Joseph. I don't know, sire. I believe it was arranged by Marshals Mortier and Marmont. I must explain to you that we have had no orders all day. Each marshal has been keeping his own position. I don't know the details of the treaty, sire, Marshal Mortier sent me word of its having been agreed to, and he said that I was to take the army and make for Fontainebleau. But, sire, Your Majesty would lay Paris open to being sacked. The enemy is outside the gates with more than 120,000 men. Besides this, I left the city under the terms of a treaty and I am forbidden to reenter Paris. The Empress, your son and the whole court left two days ago for Rambouillet. Marshals Mortier and Marmont are probably still in Paris, completing the arrangements. Unhappily, it is true, sire. Paris is evacuated, sire. The enemy is to enter at nine o'clock tomorrow morning. The National Guard is on duty at the gates. It is on this road, sire, following me. They are at the gates of Paris, sire.No, sire... I was asleep. Yes, sire? Bertrand, sire. I have never heard an unkind word about her spoken. That is incredible. I don't know, sire -- she had the Tsar's personal physician. It is a terrible shock.Thank you, sir. I will do that. Thank you, sir. No, sir, none at all. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir, I am. Yes, sir, I had the honor of meeting them on the trip from Paris.Just a minute, General. Listen, don't let them fool you with all their grand la-de-da. They've all made their money from the war -- mostly from crooked war contracts. They say Citizen Barras has put away millions. I thought not. I noticed you by yourself, all night. You don't know many of Citizen Barras' friends, do you? That's a nice city. This is your first time here, isn't it? I haven't been back for ten years. Is your family still there? Have you been back recently? Bastia -- and you? I thought so, I noticed your name when you were announced. I'm Corsican too -- my name is Arena. Yes, sir. I hope you will excuse me for asking, General Bonaparte, but are you Corsican? Yes, sir?When you eat him, may I have some? Why are you carrying the dog? Hello there, Picart.From what we can tell, there are hundreds of agents, all over the city. The combustibles seem to have been carefully placed beforehand, and all the fire-engines have been removed from the city. We have already captured a dozen incendiaries, convicts, released just two days ago. They said they were acting under orders of the secret police. Our troops have no part in this. It has been started by the Russians! It is the work of incendiaries. At first, it hardly seemed more than a routine fire. The first reports came in at about ten. Four o'clock. May I suggest that we can prepare and sign the agreement, between ourselves, subject to the approval of the two Emperors. Believe me, my dear friend, your Archduchess, Marie-Louis, may very well hold, in her hands, the future of our two countries. No one can say how the Emperor's thoughts work, Ambassador, and unless we move quickly, he might change his mind again. Earlier this afternoon, the Emperor refused the hand of the Grand Duchess Anna, of Russia, and, as I'm sure you can appreciate, he is quite able to change his mind again. For the Emperor, to choose a wife, is only a matter of minutes. The Emperor has decided to marry your Archduchess, Marie-Louise. I beg your indulgence, Ambassador, but it is. Indeed you have, Ambassador. Have you sent for a doctor? Good heavens, Ambassador -- what has happened?My father's sword means more to me than any other possession I have. No, sir. He said no one had the authority to rescind the order except you. I told the Lieutenant my late father was General Alexander de Beauharnais, and asked if there was any consideration that might be given to his memory. This morning, a Lieutenant and three soldiers came to our house and asked if we had weapons. I explained we had only my late father's sword, which, in fact, was not a weapon but only a keepsake of memory. I believe you issued an order that all citizens of Paris must hand over any weapons that they have in their possession. Yes, sir. Are you acquainted with her? Good morning, sir. Are you General Bonaparte?No -- not as a rule. Thank you, Napoleon. Thank you. I'm afraid I am, just a bit. But he asked me to say... on his behalf... that your achievements have increased his... admiration for you, and that he believes... your success is predestined by heaven... and that his army... I'm afraid he has been rather upset by the outcome of the battle. I very much doubt that he will. Yes -- an excellent idea. You have made such excellent use of it; I should think you will hate to leave it. I fear our meeting is long overdue... Napoleon.I am at your disposal, Your Majesty. If he withdraws his army in good order, it will be a serious political defeat. But, if he should be caught on the move, with his army, in the full grip of winter, then it will be a catastrophe. If Your Majesty can prolong his hopes for a treaty by silence, be deceit, by any means, for another month, thus postponing his departure, then the graves of his army are already dug in the soil of Russia. I, personally, am convinced that he will withdraw his army from Moscow, and attempt to establish himself in Poland for the winter. In the end, he will not allow himself to be cut off from Paris. But I believe that if he is offered any encouragement, by Your Majesty, he will postpone this decision as long as possible. He is a gambler and he will trust to his luck. If I can presume to go into the Emperor's mind, I believe that he has based his entire campaign strategy on obtaining a peace treaty after the fall of Moscow. When Vienna fell, there was a peace treaty. When Berlin fell, another treaty. That has always been the rules of the game. But what is he to do now if no treaty is forth- coming? He knows that beyond Moscow, there is nothing, and that, if he withdraws, there remains only a fall into emptiness. Perhaps it would be even more serious than that, Your Majesty. His European confederation is held together by some very slender threads. Your Majesty knows even better than I that Austria and Prussia are very doubtful allies, and the Emperor has reason enough to fear that they will turn on him, at the first sign of weakness. Your Majesty has grasped the outlines of his problem in much less time than it took me. This is a crucial point -- and it is a political one, which Your Majesty will be in a far better position to answer than I. Can Napoleon afford to abandon Moscow without signing even the preliminaries of a peace treaty with you? I have no doubt that he has, Your Majesty, but does he have any strong moves from which to choose? The point is that I don't think Napoleon will sit in Moscow until the spring! I don't think he can afford to. Forgive me, Your Majesty, I am about to make it. You have my absolute assurance, Your Majesty, that Napoleon does not have the strength to attack St. Petersburg now -- his army is exhausted and ill-supplied, and he would be defeated if he attempted that. Well, has Your Majesty considered what Napoleon's alternatives might be, if you simply chose to ignore his note? The point I was trying to make is that I think it is reasonable to say that Your Majesty would not find himself under unbearable pressure, if he decided to make peace with the Emperor, at least at this time. I have heard that story but I do not believe it. But, since the fire, a completely new spirit has been aroused in the nation. The French have become an army of criminals, against whom Russia must be avenged, against whom she is now prepared to fight to the death. I believe I am right in saying that, before the fire, the country had grown weary of the war, and there were few who were interested in continuing the battle. If I may, Your Majesty, I would like to offer a dissenting opinion. Your Majesty, I have been advised that you have received a letter from Napoleon, offering a peace treaty, and that you have decided to accept it. I hope you will forgive me, Your Majesty, for requesting an audience at such a late hour, but I have traveled all the way from Moscow to see you, on a matter which cannot wait.Will you use the troops? She will probably appear with a dozen excuses and you will forgive her anyway. When is she supposed to return? Of course not, but such violence of feeling makes me wonder. Are you sure that you are not still in love with her? But you can do the same thing in six months. The next few weeks may be the most important ones in your life. You must not act impetuously. You can't be serious. It would not be good to become another husband out of a Moliere farce. You know I am only too happy to be of help to you, but surely this isn't the ideal moment to involve yourself in such matters. Yes, of course, I would. You know I am not one of your wife's greatest admirers, but I certainly know nothing about this. No -- Captain Charles commanded the cavalry escort, and rode outside the carriage. In the evenings, he always ate at another table. They hardly ever spoke to each other. No... nothing at all. No... To Citizen General Bonaparte from one who does not wish to see him dishonored by his wife. You should know, Citizen General, that your wife has taken a lover, one Captain Hippolyte Charles... undated and unsigned.I believe so. I believe Madame Bonaparte was not discreet, in Paris. I wanted to kill him but Joseph convinced me it would be a mistake. He said people would say you hadn't the courage to deal with it yourself. Yes, of course. What do you want? I questioned the maid, and she admitted Charles had been Madame Bonaparte's lover for several months. Yes. Yes. I was in her maid's room at an inn we stopped at for the night, outside of Dijon. It was an adjoining room to Madame Bonaparte's. I know. God help me -- yes. My God, what do you think? About Hippolyte Charles. I couldn't face telling you. Yes, I wrote it. I wrote it. You know that... letter you showed me in Milan -- the one about Hippolyte Charles? I didn't want to hurt you... All I wanted to do was to keep from hurting you. I swear I didn't want to hurt you. There are some things... better left unsaid. Let's just say, he looks after your interests. That's all I can say. Nothing. That's all I can say. Well, maybe he's only looking out for your best interests. I know that I shouldn't butt into things... that are really no concern of mine... but you shouldn't write a letter like that to Joseph. Yes... but, first, can I say something to you, as a friend? He's downstairs -- somewhere. I'm sorry, I thought he would give it to you. I thought he would be seeing you before I would, and would give it to you. I gave it to Berthier... this afternoon. There's probably some explanation. I believe you sent for me. No, one cannot simply ignore it.If I have given you any cause to be insulted, monsieur, may I offer you immediate satisfaction? May I inform you, monsieur, that I am Major Fidon, official courier to the court of the Emperor Napoleon, on my way to our Embassy at St. Petersburg and, in accordance with the rules of the road, no one may overtake or pass me. Are you trying to provoke me, monsieur? Good day, monsieur. Do you think it is possible for you to tell your driver to stop ringing that bell?What do you mean? Without a doubt, to estimate the enemy's strength on the battlefield. This is something that is only acquired by experience and instinct. At Jena, there were as many opinions about strength of the enemy as there were generals present. Murat said there were 50,000, preparing to attack. Berthier said there were no more than 25,000, about to withdraw. "Berthier sees only what is in the open," Murat said. "But don't forget there is a second force hidden in the forest." And so it would always go, each of them would judge things according to his own ability, character and state of mind, at the moment. You can always tell at a glance whether retreating infantry are being pursed by cavalry, because they hurry along and keep turning around and looking back. When they are retreating before infantry, they merely trudge along, head down. I shall tell you in the strictest confidence -- when I was a boy, I had a passion for rafts, and never had the opportunity to build one. I'm glad you like it. Ah -- you approve? And, what a great pleasure it is, indeed, to meet you, Alexander. Our lives, the revolution, my career? I'm not insulted. Fair enough. Are you proposing to transfer command to me? The numbers are not particularly relevant. You are not up against soldiers -- this is a mob, and they will run as soon as things become sufficiently unpleasant. Properly arranged, yes. You could have them here by daybreak. Where are they? Any cannon? Cavalry? What forces do you have at your disposal? Are you serious? What do you have in mind? Things are quite serious, I should say. No, thank you. I'm sorry, I was at the theater and I didn't receive your note until I returned to my hotel. May I come to the map? Yes, with all due respect, I do Citizen Barras. I did, sir. What cowardice! What treason! Joseph has ruined everything. How could they all lose their heads. They knew I was coming up fast. Victory was just within grasp. Come, come, turn your troops around, General Belliard. And where is Joseph? Who sent my wife and son out of Paris? But who made this treaty? A treaty? Don't be ridiculous. What treaty is this? Who made it? Who has been giving orders? But where are my wife and son? What's become of them? Where is Marmont? Where is Mortier? Paris has surrendered?! I don't believe it. And who is defending Paris? And where is the army? Well, Belliard, what's this? What are you doing here? Where is the enemy? I wanted to kiss her, but she didn't want to kiss me... She slipped away, the moment I wanted to take her in my arms. She was sitting there... and it was as if I had last seen her only the night before... She hadn't changed -- she was still the same -- still completely devoted to me... and she told me we were going to see each other again and, never again, leave each other... She has promised me. Did you see her? I have just had the most vivid... dream... about Josephine. Who is there? I suppose I might blame her for opening her house to the men most responsible to my downfall, but how can I? She was on her own again, she had to look after her own affairs, and how can one blame her for having her head turned by the attention of Kings? Ah, my poor Josephine. She was the most alluring, most glamorous creature I have ever known -- a woman in every sense of the word, and she had the kindest heart in the world. She may have been a liar and a spendthrift, but she had something that was irresistible -- she was a women to her very fingertips... How impossible it is to believe that she is dead. She should have had Larrey or Corvisart. They might have saved her... But why didn't anyone even write to me? Can you believe that no one even bothered to write to me? Would you have believed that I should read such news in a newspaper? How incredible! But did she have the best doctors? Wasn't there any chance at all to save her? Josephine dead -- how unbelievable! How impossible it is to believe it. She was always physically so strong -- she was never ill a day in her life. Let me see it. Come in. Come back in an hour. Oh, shit, that's not right. Read it back. You may go, Captain Charles. You will return to Paris tomorrow and you will carry my compliments and thanks to General Le Clerc for assigning such an excellent officer to carry out a responsibility which has meant so much to myself and to Madame Bonaparte. Then, you have my thanks, Captain Charles, for safely escorting Madame Bonaparte to Milan, and you may consider your assignment completed. Did any difficulties of any kind arise during the trip? Was the trip normal in every respect? Was it he who assigned you to command the escort which accompanied Madame Bonaparte's coach? Captain Charles, I believe you are one of General Le Clerc's aides-de- camp. I believe you are acquainted with my brother, Joseph Bonaparte, and my aide, Major Junot. I see... Ah-hh, no. Yes, as a matter of fact, it is. No, they're living in Nice now. I haven't been there for three years. Ajaccio. Oh -- where do you come from? Yes, I am. A glass of champagne, please. My God -- this could be very bad for us... very bad, indeed. But to start a fire like this in five hours -- how is it possible? It would take a carefully organized plan, tons of combustibles and hundreds of people. Impossible, I don't believe it. I told Mortier that he would answer with his life for any looting. How did it spread so quickly? Why didn't you wake me then? When did it start? My God, what a fire! My God...! What time is it? You realize, of course, that thousands of swords have been collected. How do you expect me to find yours? Well, then, you have a lot of initiative, my young friend. Does your mother know you have come? And he sent you to me? A sword is a weapon whatever else you might wish to use it for. That is correct. I have met her. What is your business with me? I am, Citizen. Is your mother Madame Josephine de Beauharnais? Good morning, Citizen de Beauharnais. Ah, well, that is the first rule of warfare. You must wear long-sleeved and long-legged underwear. You can never conjure up brilliancies with a cold bottom. Francis, may I ask whether you wear warm winter underwear? I'll have the fire built up. Would you like some brandy? My dear Francis, you do seem extremely uncomfortable. I see. Oh...? Will Alexander be joining us soon? Shall we move closer to the fire? I'm sorry that I am unable to offer you better hospitality, but this is the only place I have inhabited for the past month. Ah, my dear Francis, what a genuine pleasure it is to meet you at last. Oh, yes... of course. That's a very nice name. Where are you from? Only Lisette? What's your name? Oh, I'm sorry about that. Uh-hh... yes, of course -- if you would like to go... there... but... I have very little money. Well, it must be a good deal warmer than it is here on the street. No... I have a... room... at the Hotel de Perrin. No, I'm only here on leave. My regiment is at Valence. Oh, I see... That must be a great burden. Then what brings you out on such a night? You must be chilled to the bone, standing out of doors like this. Yes, it is. It must be one of the worst nights we have had this winter. Good evening, Mademoiselle. Only as a last resort. What are the Councils doing now? My dear Joseph, the only thing that is clear is that my wife is a slut -- and while a man may want a slut for his mistress, he does not want her for his wife. I have no idea. Her maid said she left two days ago, to meet me -- I can imagine where she is. But when she finally does come home, she will find her things in the street and my door locked. Well, you shall see. Are you trying to insult me? My mind is made up. She will not set foot in my house again. I think if I saw her again, I might be tempted to strangle her. It is time to clarify the situation. Everything is over between us. The comedy of my marriage is sufficiently well known already. I know of no better time. The important thing is to find the right lawyer. One who will not protract the thing indefinitely, in the courts. And you, Junot? You would tell me, Joseph, wouldn't you? Not even the slightest hint of something? Junot? Naturally, one does not take much stock in such a piece of filth but, on the other hand, it is not the sort of thing one can simply ignore. What do you think, Joseph? I would like both of you to read this. Please read it aloud. Indeed -- well, you may tell Dr. Corvisart, I should be entirely satisfied with half her success. I didn't mean the things that I said... I was angry and I said more than I meant to. It's me. Not be safe? What on earth are you talking about? Yes. Goodbye. Yes!! I will be there in five minutes. Go back to your guests. Oh -- now, this is absolutely ridiculous! If you don't want to be humiliated in front of your guests, you will return to the table at once. How should I know. Ask Roquier -- he's cleaning her dress. Don't be ridiculous and go away -- I'm busy working. Go away -- I'm busy. Yes -- what is it? All right -- I promise. Promises mean nothing. I don't understand you. I will never forgive you. I cannot promise you that. Not in the least. After all, what is adultery -- only a brief transaction on a couch, requiring a few minutes of privacy. Yes. They were the easiest. I made love to one of them within ten minutes of our first meeting. One had better legs. Yes. No. Of course. No. Do you expect me to believe that? And now? Were you in love with him? No, I'm afraid I never had the pleasure of meeting the General. This sword was taken several days ago from your son by some of my soldiers. Well, I'm sure that you will be just as pleased to have this as he will be. I hope you will forgive me for barging in on you like this, Madame de Beauharnais. I called to bring this to your son, but I understand from your charming daughter that he is out for the afternoon. You are very kind, Madame de Beauharnais. Do you have some sherry, perhaps? Oh, I don't want to put you to any inconvenience. Yes, we introduced ourselves at the door. Thank you, Madame de Beauharnais. You probably don't recall but we met briefly a few months ago, at a party at Paul's house. And was it so widely known that Joseph had reason for such concern? Can you give me a drink, please? How did you know it was Captain Charles? You mean you heard them making love? You could hear them? Yes? How do you know? How do you know? Do you know what you're saying? What was there to tell? You couldn't face telling me what? You wrote it. What? Yes. Well, whatever the hell you wanted to do, you are going to tell me everything right now. Do you understand?! What the hell is the matter with you? You mean about my wife?! You mean there are some things better left unsaid about Josephine?! Look, Junot, you aren't going to leave this room until you explain yourself. Now, just a minute. You have just very clearly implied that there is a reason why Joseph should not give my wife the money which I left for her. I can't possibly allow a remark like that to go without explanation. That's all you can say? What are you talking about? What are you talking about? Why not? Certainly. All right, thank you. Please ask him to come here. I must have the breakdown now. Where is Berthier? Well, he didn't give it to me, and when I ask you to do something for me, return the work to me, not to Berthier. Why did you give it to him? Well, anyway, sorry to call you away from the festivities, but where is the breakdown on serviceable vehicles? I asked for it yesterday. Yes, I'm sure he's been too busy chasing his whores to be bothered about my wife. God damn it, Junot, wouldn't you think I have enough things on my mind not to waste time on a letter like this to Joseph? Yes, yes, please sit down. I will be with you in a moment. I am afraid, then, I have to ask you both, Joseph as my brother, and Junot as my good friend, whether or not you know anything about this, or whether you saw anything at all during the trip which might make you suspect some truth to it. Well, two nice little Swiss boys, who are virgins, decide they will save up their money and go to a bordello. Do you know the joke about the two Swiss boys who go to a bordello for the first time? Oh, my dearest child -- you must not worry about anything. I will teach you everything that you must know. Did the Emperor or Empress give you any... instructions of any kind... before you left? Of course, my dear -- how cruel to have been separated from her. And how strange it must be for you to be here, away from your family and everything you know. I only desire what gives you pleasure, my dearest. I am sure you will enjoy the French countryside. You may have anything you wish, my sweet and lovely Marie-Louise. Of course, my dear. Yes, I do -- very much. And, you, my dear wife, do you find that I resemble my portraits? Ah, you must forgive me, my dearest Marie-Louise, I saw it during one of my stays at your palace -- at Schonbrunn. Yes, my dearest Marie-Louise, I am your husband. Good evening, ladies. You must forgive me, my dearest wife, but I simply could not wait to see you. He will stand by his agreement -- I know him better than you do. That is a matter of opinion. Alexander and I are friends. We have reached an understanding. What you are talking about is a gamble on moderation -- when I gamble, I prefer to gamble on force. My dear Talleyrand, none of the Kings of Europe bear any friendship for France. It is easy for you to talk of reliable treaties. The only treaties you have been able to negotiate are the ones I have won on the battlefield. We have a treaty with Austria. I very seriously doubt it. I don't think there is any possibility of making peace with England so long as she sees herself safe from invasion. That is why we must increase the pressure on her economy. With Russia in the Continental Blockade, England must collapse. More than 40% of her trade is with the Continent and Russia. That is correct. Yes, he has. I did not ask her to go to war against me. Does she deserve anything better? Monsieur Varlac, I will count slowly to five, and if you have not begun to get down from the cart by then, I will carry out your execution, on the spot. Monsieur Varlac, do not pretend to speak for these good people whom you have misled and inflamed with violent speech. Now, I order you to come down from the cart. No, Monsieur Varlac, my warrant is only for you. Now, will you please come down at once. You will be taken back to Chalon for trial. You may save your philosophy for the magistrate, Monsieur Varlac. I am only a simple officer in the army, and to me what you have done is called murder, and his always been called murder by honest men. I am looking for Monsieur George Varlac who resides in the Rue de Frelicot. Do you know him, monsieur? Send him in. Come in. Let me have it. Come in. Send him in. Come in. Show him in. Is he alone? What did you say his name was? A year ago, the whole of Europe was marching alongside of us. Today, the whole of Europe is marching against us. I know Alexander. His imagination must be struck by some great, bold, powerful stroke, and he will come back to me, just as he did at Friedland. If the French army had been commanded at Jena and Auerstadt by a tailor, the King of Prussia would certainly have gained the day. Duroc, I have a bill here for 600,000 francs from Tirot, for building the Imperial throne and six decorated arm-chairs. The amount is absurd -- and, at least twice too much. From that moment on, I foresaw what I might be. Already I felt the earth flee beneath me, as if I were being carried away up to the sky. It will scarcely be considered credible, perhaps, but our whole business consisted in eating cherries together. Life is a burden for me. Nothing gives me any pleasure; I find only sadness in everything around me. It is very difficult because the ways of those with whom I live, and probably always shall live, are as different from mine as moonlight is from sunlight. My mother has always loved me. She would do anything for me.On January 1st, 1814, France itself was invaded. Now, with a small army of raw recruits, Napoleon would have to face the powerful combination of England, Russia, Prussia and Austria, operating against him together, for the first time. The balance of numbers had tilted irretrievably against him. With his army of 400,000 men in concealed bivouacs, on a ten mile front, in the forests, bordering the banks of the Vistula river, Napoleon conducted a last minute personal reconnaissance, disguised in the uniform of a Polish lancer. Led by the warlike Queen Louisa, and her fashion-minded husband, King Frederich Wilhelm, the Prussians still believed themselves cast in the mold of Frederick the Great, and more than a match for Napoleon. The King had a special collection of 60 splendid uniforms, and was personally involved in the design of all the Prussian army uniforms. On December 2, 1804, Napoleon was made Emperor of France. He would later say: "I found the crown lying in the gutter and I picked it up." Napoleon would soon arouse the resentment of the Directory in Paris, exceeding his authority, making political decisions and treaties like a Roman Conqueror, enlarging his role to ruler of Italy. Only his tremendous success and ever increasing popularity prevented the Directory from replacing him. He made friends with a family called Columbier, and would later write of his first flirtation with their daughter, Caroline. His moods at this time were complex and varied. Napoleon was born at Ajaccio in Corsica on August 15th, 1769. He had not been a healthy baby and his mother, Letizia, lavished him with care and devotion. In middle age, he would write about her from St. Helena.Citizen Bourrienne to see you, sir. A message from Citizen Fouche. Major Lavallette to see you, General. Yes, sir. Eugene de Beauharnais.If you wish to put things on that basis, then I will say good day to you, monsieur. Before you quote the rules of the road to me, Major, may I point out to you that you are not in France now, but that you are a guest in Russia. No, Major, I merely wish to state that your vehicle appears to be somewhat slower and heavier than mine, and point out that, if you would be kind enough to pull over to one side of the road, I could pass you and be on my way. My regrets, my dear Major, but I believe you have been blocking the road.Sire, you have only enemies in the court of St. Petersburg, and I fear outside your influence, Alexander will have another look at what he has agreed to. I hope that understanding is worth as much as you think it is, sire. My impression of Alexander is that he is moody and impressionable, capable of acting on sudden impulses which then lead to sudden embarrassments. He is an unpredictable mixture of idealism and vanity. You have dazzled him, and you have performed a diplomatic miracle, but Alexander is weak and he is easily influenced by the last one who has his ear. And where do you place Alexander? What I am talking about is moderation. Not one I should like to rely on. Francis is still smarting under the terms he had to accept after Austerlitz, and he is under great pressure to recover his losses. England can make no move against you on the Continent without Austria. A reliable treaty with Austria would end her hopes in that regard. Do you think Alexander has any chance to succeed as a mediator? Now, the section headed "Secret Clauses of the Treaty" -- Article 14b, provides for Alexander to serve as mediator between France and England and, if he fails to achieve a preliminary agreement within four months, it further provides that Russia is to go to war against England, and close her ports to English trade. Has Alexander agreed to this? Those are extremely harsh terms. Article 46, calls for the virtual dismemberment of Prussia, reducing her population by half and her army to a token force.