That's Helms. He's "sang froid," a world-class poker player. He's nervous, sir. He's heard you're looking for a new director. Frankly, sir, it stinks. I have no access. I'm lucky Helms lets me have a staff. Then his office will be fine. He told me to take you to his conference room. Uh, he's rushing back from his tennis game, sir ... Mr. President, I don't know what to say. As soon as we learned from the Secret Service you were en route, the Director was notified. He should be here any minute.I understand that, sir. I'm not going to be the scapegoat for this. Haldeman and Ehrlichman are in just as deep as me. You want me to put it all in writing? Over my signature? No, we have nothing to hide. I agree it's ridiculous but -- Sir, I still don't think, uh, we can contain it anymore. There's a cancer on the presidency. And it's growing. With every day that ... I'm still not confident we can ride through this. Some people are going to have to go to jail. Hunt's not the only problem. Haldeman let me use the $350,000 cash fund in his safe to make the payments. Ehrlichman had a role, a big role, in the Ellsberg break-in. And I'm ... uh, I think it's time we begin to think in terms of cutting our losses. Uh huh ... Uh, I would say these people are going to cost a million dollars over the next two years ... Either it goes to Mitchell or it comes here. Hunt has nothing to lose now. Pardon all of them. Nobody's going to investigate a crime for which the criminals have already been pardoned. Executive clemency ... He says if he doesn't get it right away, he's going to blow us out of the water. And he means it. Ever since his wife died in the plane crash, he's been over the edge. Mr. President, Hunt wants more money. Another hundred-and-thirty thousand. Sirica's just trying to force one of them to testify. But they're solid. The bigger problem I see is this guy who was arrested, McCord -- James McCord -- he headed up security for the Committee to Re-Elect. He turns out to be ex-CIA. Howard, you'll serve no more than two years, then he'll pardon you. To protect his people. How the hell do you have the temerity to blackmail the President of the United States? Is it? The President would like to know if that was the last payment. I was sorry to hear about your wife.Dick Nixon saying "I'm sorry"? That'll be the day. The whole suit of armor'd fall off. Christ, we created Frankenstein with those fucking Cubans. Yeah? I figured that out. You think this is just about politics? Sure, they did stuff, but nothing like this, Bob. Forget Watergate, the break-ins, the Enemies list. You got an attempted firebombing at the Brookings Institution, planting McGovern stuff on the guy that shot Wallace, trying to slip LSD to Jack Anderson. He's wrong, you know -- about Kennedy, LBJ, Truman. Why me? Who's gonna tell Mitchell? Yeah ... Sullivan thinks Henry's leaking. He's the one ... Let's not forget they're just kids, they don't vote. Anyway, they had to take her to Bellevue. Maybe she'll stay this time. Executive privilege will make it look like we're covering up. Sir, Bob and I are gonna have to testify before Earvin's committee. It'll never wash. Pardoning them means we're guilty. The people, the press will go nuts. What about England? He got pretty burned at Chappaquiddick. I would personally enjoy doing that, sir. Looks like he talked to Joe Kraft ... and to the Times. Told them he was dead set against the bombing, that you were ... "unstable." Claims he has to handle you "with kid gloves" ... The country's loving it. He's begging for a meeting, chief. He wants to go overseas for awhile. He's in the dumps, sir. Agnew. Every time you have him attack the press, they give it back to him in spades. He's become the most hated man in America. Sir, there's dead American kids here. Let's say we don't apologize for Kent State, but maybe we could have a national prayer day ... I thought the gloves were off. Excuse me ... Are you talking about recognizing China, Mr. President? That would cost us our strongest support. Is the war worth it? Is it worth a one-term presidency? Because I think right now that's what we're looking at. I don't know if I'd go that far, sir. No, sir. Uh, we've never done this before, sir ... How do we pay? In ... hundreds? Do you fill a black bag full of unmarked bills? Pay him? I told him to get out of the country. It's crazy to start ... He wants money. In hiding. He sent Liddy to talk to me. Is it legal? I mean has anyone ever done it before? Well, he's photogenic. Let's try dog bones? He left his White House phone number in his hotel room. Well, sir ... it turns out -- one of the people implicated is still, you see, on our White House payroll. McCord? ... Mitchell? Mitchell's out of his mind now. Martha just put her head through a plate-glass window. Colson doesn't know about it; he's pure as a virgin on this one. It's just not clear the burglars knew what they were looking for. They were heading to McGovern's office later that night.Sir? I know it well, sir. ... you mentioned the "Bay of Pigs" several times. Sooner or later they're going to want to know what that means. They're going to want to know what was on that gap ... Three days before, on the June twentieth tape -- the one with the eighteen-minute gap -- Sir, you talked about opening up the whole "Bay of Pigs" thing again. We can't survive this, sir. They also have you instructing Dean to make the payoff to Hunt. How do you see this? Lincoln used it. If you resign, you can keep your tapes as a private citizen ... You can fight them for years. It's the Supreme Court, sir; you don't get around it. Sir, the deadline is today. Your lawyers feel it's the ... "smoking gun." June twenty-third, '72, sir. The part that's underlined. Your instructions to Haldeman regarding the CIA and the FBI. I'm afraid we have another problem, Mr. President. He's completely lost touch with reality. Richardson won't do that. He'll resign. But he works for the Attorney General. Only Richardson can fire him. Who? About a dozen. Congress is considering four articles of impeachment, sir. Can the president afford to ignore a subpoena? This could trigger the impeachment. They'll go to the Supreme Court next. That's what they're doing. I don't have a pistol. You're all set, sir. Just push this button. Good night, Mr. President. No, sir, you did not. You've never been a greater example to the country than you are now, sir, but ... but you need to get out more, sir, and talk to the people. No one I know feels ... close to you. May I say something, Mr. President? At least Mitchell stood up to it. Mr. Hoover was a realist. Sorry ... It's marked. Also there's June twenty third. And this year -- March twenty first. Those are the ones ...So you tell Mitchell ... Eight words back in '72 -- "I covered up. I was wrong. I'm sorry" -- and the American public would've forgiven him. But we never opened our mouths, John. We failed him. They went after Castro. In some crazy way it got turned on Kennedy. I don't think the "P" knows what happened, but he's afraid to find out. It's got him shitting peach pits. I think he means the Kennedy assassination. It's a code or something. The "Old Man" plays politics harder than anybody else. How so? 'Cause he hates you. It's worse when you get it from someone you trust. You do it. Yeah, I knew it. I knew it from '69 on, and I said it all along, didn't I ... It's the fall of the Roman Empire, are you blind? And we're putting fig leaves on the statues ... It was her wrist. And it was through a plate-glass door. Sir ... six bodies. More light, chief? Helms wants Iran or there might be problems. All of his old CIA buddies are over there making a fortune off the Shah. Put Townsend in Belgium; it's available. He'll give us the documents. But I think he should be offered the ambassadorship to Iran. Then he'll go without a whimper. ... I was wondering what's such dynamite in this Bay of Pigs story? ... although it was clearly effective, because all of a sudden it was no problem for Helms to go to the FBI and try to put a lid on Watergate. When I met with him, he said ... We could leverage Helms. We've got to turn the faucet off on this thing. It's out of control ... You might burden just me with this in the future. You played it perfectly, sir -- cocksucker! He's going to think twice before he leaks again. ... beating out the other papers, chasing girls ... Why would they?! Who the hell's Sulzberger anyway? Their parents are gold traders from Eastern Europe. They buy things. They come to Jew York City and they buy up things. One of the things they buy is the New York Times. And you know what? Be proud because they'll never trust you, sir, because we speak for the average American. Because they're not Americans. We ought to fire his whining ass. Right now when he's on top. You know what -- it'll set the right example for the rest of this administration. So that explains his press notices. Working both sides of the fence: Jewboy Henry, always trying to get his Nobel Prize, get laid ... Congratulations, boss. A great victory! The madman theory wasn't so crazy after all. Sir? I believe you're right, boss. Gentlemen, I think it's about time for us to be getting to the airport. The blacks are lost, the "schwartzes" are gone ... The Jews aren't the middle, Henry. They're the far left. And his staff. Come on, the copy they were filing from China was great. Sir? What? We really must go, Mr. President. Mr. President! Yeah, we've got to get our vice president off the golf course and back there on the college circuit. That's top priority. Don't forget the South, sir, the West. Filled with the good football colleges, straight kids. There's more of 'em with you than against you. Not like these mudmutts. Probably flunking, nothing to do except come down here and meet girls. Henry's out there with them. Run 'em over. ... and we've got the economic guys at five. The Dow lost another 16 points. They're going to want a decision on the budget. Sir? ... Are we holding the line on a balanced budget? ... never complain, never explain, John ... Sir? Well, one way or the other, Kent State is not good. We have to get out in front of this thing. The PR is going to murder us. If they didn't tell Kennedy about Track 2, how did Hoover find out? You never told him? Alright. But why, if Kennedy is so clean in all this, didn't he cancel Track 2? So? You wanted Castro dead. Everybody wanted Castro dead. If Hunt and the others are CIA, why don't we just throw this back in the CIA's lap? Let Richard Helms take the fall? Jesus! Before?! Eisenhower approved that? I don't understand. Track 2's Chile? What? That he knew Johnny Roselli? Hoover knew a lot of gangsters. Cue the crowd. Go to the woman's group. Get the bald guy, he's great ... Dick, you don't have to make a statement. Herb covered it for you. Meanwhile, what happens to the country? He's treading water. Don't mention Khrushchev. He wouldn't do the makeup. Said it was for queers. Yes, sir. I'll talk to Helms, and, uh ... what's our press position on this Watergate thing? What do I tell Ziegler to tell them? I'll talk to Helms. Oh, Pat asked if you're coming to the Residence for dinner tonight. Sir? How is this national security? The only problem with that, sir -- it gets us into obstruction of justice. He'll need a pretext. He'll never figure one out for himself. Yes, sir, but ... do you think Gray'll go for it? The Bay of Pigs? ... That was Kennedy's screw-up. How does that threaten us? All right. That's right, and it's more a problem for Ehrlichman. He fixed Hunt up with the phony CIA ID's, but ... what else does Hunt have on us? You approved that before the fact, because I went over it with you. But ... Should we talk to Trini about paying these guys? Or maybe Chotiner? We'll work on it. I say we cut ourselves loose from these clowns and that's all there is to it. How about a COMINT classification? We put it on the Huston plan. Even the designation is classified. But, sir, you're covered -- no one here gave orders to break into the damned Watergate. We're clean. It's only the Ellsberg thing, and if that comes out, it's "national security." But what are we paying him for? What do you mean, sir? Our own intelligence capability -- to fix the leaks? We were working on China. It was right after the Pentagon Papers broke. They went in to get his psychiatric records. Yes, you approved it, sir. Definitely. Colson had him trying to break into Bremer's apartment after Bremer shot Wallace, to plant McGovern campaign literature. He works for Colson. He used him on the Pentagon Papers. We're trying to figure out when he officially stopped being a White House consultant. After the arrest he dumped his wiretapping stuff into his White House safe. Apparently he was using some campaign cash that was laundered for us through Mexico. The FBI's onto it. We could have a problem with that. Well, you know, sir, he's a nut. He used to work here with the "Plumbers" and now he's running this Watergate caper. You remember his plan to firebomb the Brookings using Cubans as firemen? He wanted to buy a damned fire truck! Magruder thinks he's just nutty enough to go off the reservation. We feel the bigger concern is Gordon Liddy ... It's possible they were looking for evidence of an illegal Howard Hughes donation to the Democrats, so the Democrats couldn't make an issue of your Hughes money. It was just a fishing expedition. Apparently it was their fourth attempt at the DNC. Evidently to install bugs and photograph documents.Relax, Dick, it's just me ... The desert's so beautiful, isn't it? I want to go home, Dick. Time to go home. Mom expects great things from you ... Go to law school. Mom and Dad'll be able to afford it now ... Hey ... you'll be able to do it now. I'd rather get a whipping than have another talk with her. Anything but a talk with her. I said I didn't need a free ride. I need a suit. What do you think? He said in life there's no free ride.Black Irishman. Very moving. "Turning and turning in the widening gyre / The falcon cannot hear the falconer / Things fall apart, the center cannot hold / Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world / And everywhere the ceremony of innocence is drowned / The best lack all conviction, while the worst are full of passionate intensity" ... But it ends so beautifully ominous -- "What rough beast, its hours come round at last / Slouches toward Bethlehem to be born?" ... Yes, this country stands at such a juncture. You must be familiar with my favorite poem by Yeats? "The Second Coming"? Flowers are continual reminders of our mortality. Do you appreciate flowers? So President Kennedy thought. By offering Cuba to the Russians as a consolation prize? This is an extremely dangerous direction, Mr. President. Terrible consequences can result from such enormous errors in judgement. Is that why you and Kissinger are negotiating with the Chinese? ... But it has never been the policy of this government to accept that. And it is certainly not CIA policy. It is not my practice to spy on the president. Doctor Kissinger manages to convey his innermost secrets to the world at large on his own. My job, unpleasant sometimes, is to know what others don't want me to know. I don't think we can treat this as a formality. Mr. Kennedy made a verbal promise to the Russians not to invade Cuba. But you authorized Dr. Kissinger to put this in writing. We have recent intelligence that a Soviet nuclear submarine has docked at Cienfuegos. Mr. Castro. It will take a little time, but I'll order a search for your papers. Though it does raise a disturbing issue. And of course I accept. I'm flattered. And I want you to know, I work for only one president at a time. And me? ... Current levels may not be sufficient. Not if I give you all the cards ... President Kennedy threatened to smash the CIA into a thousand pieces. You could do the same ... Diem? Trujillo? Lumumba? Guatemala? Cuba? ... It's a shame you didn't take similar precautions, Dick. You're referring, of course, to chairing the Special Operations Group as Vice President. Is there something else that's bothering you, Mr. President? I'm sure you realize this is a very tricky area, Mr. President, given our charter and the congressional oversight committees ... Of course we've tried, but so far we've come up with nothing that ... I suppose, "Mister President," you're unhappy that we have not implemented your Domestic Intelligence plan, but ... I didn't choose him as my deputy, Mr. President. You did. And so shall I. Arrange some coffee, would you General Cushman? I'm honored, Dick, that you've come all this way out here to Virginia to visit us at last.If things remain as they are ... He's got the anti-war vote. Would you walk with me down to the paddock? I'd like to look at the horses for the eighth. Kennedy -- never. He'll fry in hell for what he did to me. But Nixon doesn't know that, which is why I'm gonna have to remind him he needs us a helluva lot more'n we need him. Not Joaquin, you idiot. Nixon. Did you hear what he said in Oregon? About me having too much power. I want to see him tomorrow, Clyde. He's lying, Clyde. Always has. That's why Nixon's always been useful. Hold still. And take your hand off your hip. It won't. As long as I'm here. No one. Your property. It would prove your case. Why do you think Kissinger's taping your calls? For history. His word against yours -- and right now he's got the records. I always get my man. He's obsessed with his own image. He wants his Nobel Peace Prize a little too much. As the late "Doctor" King proved -- even an ape can win a prize with good press. Well, you have CIA people all over the place. Helms has seen to that. Then there's Kissinger's staff. Kissinger himself, I believe, maybe the leaker. That was a mistake. The White House was full of Kennedy people then. It still is. Johnson had the same damned problem till he bugged his own office. Don't listen to 'em, don't quit. Remember - Kennedy, Bobby, and King were against the war. Where are they now? Don't give 'em a goddamn inch on the war. President Johnson bombed Laos for years and nobody knew or said a thing. How the hell the Times ever got ahold of this Ellsberg stuff is a disgrace! Remember what Lenin said in 1917, Mr. President: "The power was lying in the streets just waiting for someone to pick it up." The Communists have never been closer. Now is the time to go back to the old themes, the ones that made you president. Let the Communists know you're onto them. You asked if you could count on my support ... As long as I can count on yours. I know ... You'll win the nomination. I know you've been very careful not to. That's why I'm concerned. Yes. Your old friend from Cuba. I'm trying to spare you an embarrassment. Johnny Roselli is on his way back here. How about you? Are you going to win? Actually, I've just had a bit of luck. Thank you for coming, Dick. Turn this crap off, Clyde. It's giving me a headache ... You may go, Joaquin. It was the poorest lemon ranch in California, I can tell you that. My father sold it before they found oil on it.John, sooner or later -- sooner, I think -- you are going to learn the lesson that has been learned by everyone who has ever gotten close to Richard Nixon. That he's the darkness reaching out for the darkness. And eventually, it's either you or him. Look at the landscape of his life and you'll see a boneyard. I'm one of his people. The Cubans are his people. And we're going to jail for him. That's not the question, John. The question is: Why is he paying? In Richard Nixon's long history of underhanded dealings, he has never gotten better value for his money. If I were to open my mouth, all the dominoes would fall. I'll bet he would. Yes ... I got the money. I won't tell him if you won't. Just don't tell him to do anything you don't really want him to do. A guy named Gordon Liddy. Thinks he's Martin Borman. You wanna meet him? We're gonna be plumbers, Frank. We're gonna plug a leak. The White House. Injections. Even this noble sport's been fixed. Seen the guys? Personally, I'll be calling the President of the United States. Let's get the fuck out of here, shall we, ladies? Personally I'd prefer a greyhound with a shot of speed. Mein Kampf? Dogs ... Season starts tomorrow. It keeps me calm. I don't like going back into the same building four times.Well, goddamn. Are you threatening me, Dick? ... And now I have a federal judge ordering me to bus my kids halfway 'cross town to go to school with some nigger kids. I think, Mr. President, you're forgetting who put you where you are. I mean I got federal price controls on my oil. The ragheads are beating the shit out of me. And I got your EPA environment agency with its thumb so far up my ass it's scratching my ear. Desi's got a point. What the hell are we gonna do about the Communists right here in our backyard?! And whose fault is that? If we'd won in Vietnam ... It looks like to me we're gonna lose the war for the first goddamned time and, Dick, goddamn it, you're going along with it, buying into this Kissinger bullshit -- "detente" with the Communists. "Detente" -- it sounds like two fags dancing. Well, you sure been chock full of surprises so far, "Mister President." So, what's this about, Dick? That sonofabitch Kennedy is coming back down here tomorrow. Dick, we're willing to put up a shitpot fulla money to get rid of him -- more money'n you ever dreamed of. Dick, these boys want you to run. They're serious. They can deliver the South and they can put Texas in your column. That would've done it in '60. Hell, Kennedy's pissed Cuba away to the Russians. And he don't know what the hell he's doing in Vietnam. These are dangerous times, Dick, especially for business ... He's all business, ain't he, Trini? Dick, we could've had our own goddamn lawyers handle this deal. We brought you down here 'cause we wanted to talk to you ... Her name's Sandy ... I know for a fact that the one with the big tits is a Republican, and she'd do anything for the Party. We'll see about that. Party ain't started yet, Dick. Got these gals coming over to the ranch later for a little private "thing," y'know ... There's some fellows I want you to meet.Not at all. This is not going to leak, is it? Uh ... not really. You mean on my knees? You have many friends ... and admirers ... If they harass you, I, too, will resign. And I will tell the world why. They will understand, sir. To be undone by a third-rate burglary is a fate of biblical proportions. History will treat you far more kindly than your contemporaries. Oh God, I'm going to throw up. Can you imagine what this man would have been had he ever been loved? Mr. Nixon, it is possible for even a president to go too far. I had nothing to do with that, sir, and I resent any implication ... I ... I heard something ... It sounded idiotic. But it must be done; your government is paralyzed. You'll pick up the middle on this one - the Jews and Negros. We have to entertain the possibility ... Mr. President, this cannot be breathed! Especially to our secretary of state -- that cretin Rogers ... The Chinese would never trust us again. The only way, I emphasize only way, to pull this off is in secret. Exactly, yes, Mr. President. That is my contention. Exactly, sir. That is your historical contribution: to lead boldly in an era of limits. What I think is ... they're cowards. Their opposition represents the cowardice of the Eastern Establishment. They don't realize as you do, Mr. President, that the Communists only respect strength, and they will only negotiate in good faith if they fear the "madman," Richard Nixon. Well, as you know, most of my staff have weighed in against this "incursion." They believe it will fail to achieve anything fundamental militarily, and will result in crushing criticism domestically ... But they all got it back again, didn't they? We should have lunch sometime. Finally someone who's noticed! I'm a great admirer of yours, too, Mr. Nixon. You are an unusual politician. We share a mutual idol -- "Six Crises" sounds like a page from Churchill. There's no other choice. Who are you talking to like this, you insignificant shit ... He's turned into a drug fiend, he shot people from helicopters in Vietnam, he has sexual relations with his wife in front of their children. He sees a shrink in L.A. He's all fucked up. Now he's trying to be a hero to the liberals ... If he gets away with it, everybody will follow his lead. He must be stopped at all costs. He was, he was. We taught a class together at Harvard. But you know these back-stabbing Ivy League intellectuals, they can't ... I beg your pardon -- Mr. President, we are in a revolutionary situation. We are under siege -- Black Panthers, Weathermen; The State Department under Rogers is leaking like a sieve. And now this insignificant little shit Ellsberg publishing all the diplomatic secrets of this country will destroy our ability to conduct foreign policy. Secret, Mr. Chairman? But your writings have changed the world, Mr. Chairman. You know, Mr. Chairman, at Harvard I used your writings in my class.I don't know. He made me see the stars ... Yes. He was a politician. That was Mr. Kennedy. Yes, Mr. President. Of course. I was asleep, Mr. President. What can I get you?How a fat man gets so many girls. Fung pi! I've only managed to change a few things around the city of Beijing. I want to know your secret. What a waste of time. My writings mean absolutely nothing. The real war is in us. History is a symptom of our disease. You're too modest, Nixon. You're as evil as I am. We're both from poor families. But others pay to feed the hunger in us. In my case, millions of reactionaries. In your case, millions of Vietnamese. You know, I voted for you in your last election. That has the added virtue of being true. Don't ever trust them. They never tell the truth or honor their commitments. Vietnamese are like Russians. Both are dogs. Looks can be deceiving ...How about Kissinger along with him? What are you going to do about this Allende fellow nationalizing our businesses in Chile? You gonna send Kissinger down there? So ... how's the food over there in China, Mr. Nixon? You just came down here for the weather, right, Mr. Nixon?Get off that. That leads nowhere. You should offer condolences to the families of those kids. That was a long time ago. You're doing the right thing, Dick ... don't let 'em shake you. It wasn't your fault. The soldiers were just kids, too. They panicked. You all right? This isn't '48, Dick. They'll never buy it. One of the fathers was on the TV saying, "My child was not a bum." And it's playing like gangbusters. Hell, Hoover told me one of the girls was a nymph. Four. Two boys. Two girls. And eight wounded. You need her, Dick -- in '60 she was worth five, six million votes. Make some money, Dick, prove yourself to the Wall Street crowd and let Goldwater and Rockefeller take the fall against Kennedy. That'll be the day. The Jewboy's a Harvard whore with the morals of an eel -- sells himself to the highest bidder. Goes to show you all the moolah in the world can't buy you a brain. What the hell -- I love her. And she's great in bed. It's a thing she does. She talks at night. Sorry, Dick. She's a little tipsy. Hiss was protecting his wife. I've always believed that. And Dick beat the shit out of them. The lie? It was illegal, what he did. We can prosecute the New York Times, go for an injunction ...For Christ's sake, it soils my mother's memory. Do you think I want the whole goddamn world to see my mother like this? Raising a dirty mouth! You don't need to check the tape. I know what I said. Never. I never said that about Jews! You're lawyers. How can you let this shit go by! Look! This? Nixon can't say this. Then tell Richardson to fire him. They can't impeach me for bombing Cambodia. The President can bomb anybody he wants. Yeah? Well, I own the fucking casino. Well, he certainly isn't acting like it. We'll see about that ... How's the job coming, Bob? No. His office. I want a very private conversation. I don't want to be bugged. So ... let's go ... Where the hell is he? Good. You know how I feel about loyalty. I'm not going to let any of my people go to jail. That I promise you. The important thing is to keep this away from Haldeman and Ehrlichman. I'm trusting you to do that, John. I have complete confidence in you. John, you don't want to start down that road. I remember what Whittaker Chambers told me back in '48 -- and he was a man who suffered greatly -- he said, "On the road of the informer, it's always night." This is beyond you or even me. It's the country, John. It's the presidency. Nobody knows more about this thing than you do, John. We have nothing to hide. But the only flaw in the plan is that they're not going to believe the truth. That is the incredible thing! He's right. Maybe it's time to go to the hang-out route, John. A full and thorough investigation ... We've cooperated with the FBI, we'll cooperate with the Senate. What do we have to hide? I mean, who the hell cares about this penny-ante shit. Goldwater put it right. He said: "Well for Christ's sake, everybody bugs everybody else; we know that." ... It's the cover-up, not the deed that's really bad here. If only Mitchell could step up and take the brunt of it; give them the hors d'oeuvre and maybe they won't come back for the main course. That's the tragedy of all this. Mitchell's going to get it in the neck anyway. It's time he assumed some responsibility. Jesus, everything is a crisis among the upper intellectual types, the softheads. The average people don't think it's much of a crisis. For Christ's sake, it's not Vietnam ... no one's dying here. Isn't it ridiculous? You say, John, cut our losses and all the rest. But suppose the thing blows and they indict Bob and the others. Jesus, you'd never recover from that, John. It's better to fight it out instead, and not let people testify ... We could get a million dollars. We could get it in cash. I know where it could be gotten. We could get that. How much do you need? Mitchell? Mitchell's ... family. I like that. That's a solution. What? Pay him. Pay him what he wants. Son of a bitch. Then what about this Washington Post crap? Woodwind and Fernstein? So, what about those Watergate clowns, John? This fuck Sirica's crazy. Thirty-five-year sentences! There were no weapons. Right? No injuries. There was no success! It's just ridiculous. "Ex-CIA"? There's no such thing as "ex-CIA," John -- they're all Ivy League Establishment. Is he one of these guys with a beef against us? We are covering up! For some petty, stupid shit. There are things I can say -- when other people say them, they'd be lies. But when I say them nobody believes me anyway ... No, you're not! You're going to claim executive privilege and you're going to stonewall it all the way -- plead the Fifth Amendment. I don't give a shit. They can't force the President's people to testify. I don't know, I don't know ... I just know we've made too many enemies. And what am I supposed to do? Just sit here and watch them coming closer? Eating their way to the center? Lyndon bugged! So did Kennedy! FDR cut a deal with Lucky Luciano. Christ, even Ike had a mistress! What's so special about me? What about Lyndon? He could make a couple of calls to the Hill and shut this whole thing down. Did anyone talk to him? Forget it. Ehrenberg's paid three times that much ... My point exactly! Somebody had to die before his shit got in the paper! Fucking Kennedys get away with everything. Do you see me screwing everything that moves? For Christ's sake! I did what the New York Times editorial page said we should do! I ended the war, I got SALT I with the Russians, I opened China! So why are these cocksuckers turning on me? Because they don't like the way I look. Where I went to school. I end the longest war in American history and they keep harping on this chickenshit! You know who's behind this, don't you -- it's Teddy Kennedy! He drowns a broad in his car and he can't run for president. No, no. He's our only "star" right now. He'd go crying straight to the press. He'd crucify us -- the sonofabitch! Get someone from our staff on his ass. Tap his phones. I want to know everyone he talks to. No, you didn't, Bob. The hard-core four million "Nixon nuts" aren't gonna go for it ... They'll say I sold out to the Communists. Well, no place where they speak English. That way he can always say he was misquoted. Yeah, good old Spiro. Well, better him than me. What the hell is he but an insurance policy? The soldiers were provoked. The students started it, for Christ's sake! -- as long as he's got secret files on everybody. I don't want 'em used against us. What about the CIA? Helms's done nothing for us. I want to see him. We can't touch Hoover -- No ... I can do this because I've spent my whole career building anti Communist credentials. I will not go down as the first American president to lose a war! Going into Cambodia, bombing Hanoi, bombing Laos -- it buys us time so we can get out and give the South Vietnamese a fighting chance. Why not? Oh, I suppose you would've just let them take over. These aren't fraternity pranks, John. It's anarchy. A revolution! We should set up a Cuban defense fund on this; take care of all of them. This is not a joke, John! It's more than that. It could be more than that. I want Hunt paid. What the hell are you doing, Ehrlichman? Screwing with the CIA? I don't care how much he wants -- pay him. Pay him. And? Where's Hunt now? Sure. Lyndon, JFK, FDR -- I mean, Truman cut the shit out of my investigation of Hiss back in '48. I like it. I like the idea. Goddamn! How long have we had this fucking dog?! Two years, he still doesn't come! We need a dog that looks happy when the press is around. Hunt? Howard Hunt? Who? Not another goddamn Cuban? I don't have time for all this shit! Just handle it, Bob! Keep it out of the White House. What else? Kissinger's waiting -- he's gonna throw a tantrum again if I don't see him, threatening to quit ... again. Find out what the hell he was doing at "CREEP." This could be trouble. These CIA guys don't miss a trick. This could be a set-up. No! Magruder! That sonofabitch tests my Quaker patience to the breaking point. Martha's an idiot, she'll do anything to get John's attention. If Mitchell'd been minding the store instead of that nut Martha we wouldn't have that kid Magruder runnin' some third-rate burglary! Was he smoking pot? Jesus! Through a window? Jesus! Did Mitchell know? That smell. I mean, everybody suffered so much, their sons killed. They need to sacrifice something, y'know, appease the gods of war -- Mars, Jupiter. I am that blood, General. I am that sacrifice, in the highest place of all ... All leaders must finally be sacrificed. It came over from Vietnam, you know. ... they smelled the blood on me this time, Al. I got soft. You know ... that rusty, metallic smell ... It's gone. No one will ever find out what's on it. I don't know anything about that. That's right ... There is nothing in that statement the President can't explain. That was civil war. The army? And if I stay? Can we get around this, Al? It's totally out of context. I was protecting the national security. I never intended -- So? "Victory at Sea," Al ... Henry. The Pacific Theatre. Christ, you can almost feel the waves breaking over the decks. I had no knowledge of the cover-up until John Dean told me about it on March twenty-first. And I did not intend that payment to Hunt or anyone else be made ... ... an action that will at last, once and for all, show that what I knew and what I did with regard to the Watergate break-in and cover-up were just as I have described them to you from the very beginning ... The hell he will! Fire him, too. If you have to go all the way down to the janitor at the Justice Department, fire the sonofabitch! And ... Cox! Fire him. A dozen? I got half of 'em elected. I still got the South and Goldwater and his boys. I'll take my chances with the Senate. For what?! Who the fuck does Cox think he is? I never made a dime from public office! I'm honest. My dad died broke. You know the sonofabitch went to law school with Jack Kennedy? ... The last gasp of the Establishment! They got the hell kicked out of 'em in the election, so now they gotta squeal about Watergate 'cause we were the first real threat to them in years. And by God, Al, we would have changed it, changed it so they couldn't have changed it back in a hundred years, if only ... Let 'em try! I appointed three of those bastards! I'm not giving 'em my tapes! It's the President's personal property! I will never give up my tapes to a bunch of Kennedy-loving Harvard Democrat cocksuckers! These State Department jerks, Bill, don't understand; you got to electrify people with bold moves. Bold moves make history, like Teddy Roosevelt -- "T.R." -- rushing up San Juan Hill. Small event but dramatic. People took notice. Exactly! We've got to take the war to them. Hit 'em where it hurts -- right in the nuts. More assassinations, more killings. Right, Al? 'Night, Al. You know, Al, men in your profession ... you give 'em a pistol and you leave the room. Damn right. And there's still a helluva lotta people out there who wanna believe ... That's the point, isn't it? They wanna believe in the President. There's no secrets here, Al. Not like the others -- Dean, McCord, the rest ... We never got our side of the story out, Al. People've forgotten. I mean: "Fuck you, Mr. President, fuck you Tricia, fuck you Julie!" and all that shit, just words, but what violence! The tear gassing, the riots, burning the draft cards, Black Panthers -- we fixed it, Al, and they hate me for it -- the double dealing bastards. They lionize that traitor, Ellsberg, for stealing secrets, but they jump all over me 'cause it's Nixon. ... They've always hated Nixon. I trusted Mitchell. It was that damn big mouth wife of his. ... Y'know Al, if Hoover was alive none of this would've happened. He would've protected the President. ... go on. This is June twentieth? ... There can be no whitewash at the White House ... two wrongs do not make a right. I love America. God bless America and God bless each and every one of you. No ... For God's sake, when does this end?! Townsend gave us 300 grand. Belgium's not worth more than 100, 150 ... I promised Iran to Townsend. What about the documents he promised? How? It's Helms -- it's got to be. He'll be looking in his toilet bowl every time he pulls the chain. ... worrying whether someone said something "nice" about them. All short-term, frivolous bullshit; Ben Bradlee worrying about Teddy Kennedy liking him ... You know why they're turning on me? They're not serious about power, that's why. They're playing with power. They're forgetting the national interest. In the old days, people knew how to hold power, how to set limits. They wouldn't have torn this country apart over a third-rate burglary. All they care about now are their egos, looking good at cocktail parties ... Right. They don't trust! They don't trust America! My God, my God! He talked to the New York Times? This could be it ... this could be it. Four long years ... The presidency won't protect us, Bob. We're beyond politics now ... ... but even the presidency isn't enough anymore ... You know, they all miss the point. Probably our biggest achievement as an administration, when it's all said and done, isn't China or Russia. It's pulling out of Vietnam without a right wing revolt. Let him finish, Bob. Don't let it lose us the right-wing vote ... You're talking too much about black Africa, Henry. It's killing us with the rednecks. Wait till the Mai-tais wear off. ... "The Beast." A nineteen-year-old kid. She understands the nature of "the Beast." She called it a wild animal. She understood something it's taken me twenty-five fucking years in politics to understand. The CIA, the Mafia, the Wall Street bastards ... She got it, Bob. A nineteen-year-old college kid ... Don't forget, the most important thing in your life is your relationship with your Maker ... Don't forget to be on God's side. It's okay, Bob, we're just rapping, my friends and I. We actually agree on a lot of things ... But, hell, this is nothing compared to Venezuela. When I was Vice President, Ike sent me down there like a blocking back. They threw rocks, broke out our windows, almost overturned the car. Read Six Crises, Bob. Boy, Pat was brave! It's the parents' fault really. There's a poison in the upper classes, Bob. They've had it too soft. Too many cars, too many color TVs ... Get that little fucker! Great tackle! Reminds me of my days at Whittier. Most of these kids are useless. No ... a little deficit won't hurt. Jesus, they're serious. Why're we stopping? I tell you, the soldiers were provoked. Now stop this pussyfooting around. Dead kids! How the hell did we ever give the Democrats a weapon like this? I mean, if Cambodia doesn't work, we'll bomb Hanoi if we have to. These kids are being manipulated by the Communists. Like Chambers and Hiss. Money. Follow the money. They had us bugged. Christ, he had everybody bugged. Yeah, he was gonna support me in '68, but he was also threatening me. That was Hoover: he'd give you the carrot, but he'd make damn sure the stick went right up your ass. I didn't want him to get the credit. He said I'd stabbed him in the back. Called me a two-bit grocery clerk from Whittier. ... he'd just found out about Track 2. Because he didn't even know about it. The CIA never told him, they just kept it going. It was like ... it had a life of its own. Like ... a kind of "beast" that doesn't even know it exists. It just eats people when it doesn't need 'em anymore. Two days after the Bay of Pigs, Kennedy called me in. He reamed my ass ... Because ... because Dick Helms knows too much ... If anyone in this country knows more than I do, it's Hoover and Helms! You don't fuck with Dick Helms! Period. And not just Hunt. Frank Sturgis, all those Cubans. All of them in the Watergate. They were involved in Track 2 in Cuba. Hunt reported to my military aide. But I met with him several times as Vice President. That's what worries the shit out of me. I don't know how much Hunt knows. Or the Cubans. He didn't veto it. I ran the White House side. The mob contact was Johnny Roselli. One of the CIA guys was that jackass, Howard Hunt. The first assassination attempt was in '60, just before the election. Chile, Congo, Guatemala, Cuba. Wherever's there's a need for an Executive Action capability, there's a Track 2. In Cuba, Track 1 was the Bay of Pigs invasion. Track 2 ... it was our idea. We felt the invasion wouldn't work unless we got rid of Castro. So we asked ourselves -- who else wants Castro dead? The Mafia, the money people. So we put together Track 2 ... Yeah, but Roselli wasn't just any gangster. He was the gangster who set up Track 2 in Cuba. He wasn't protecting me. He was putting me on notice. I, unlike Senator Kennedy, have a plan to end the war. But not for peace at any price, but peace with honor! No! Where are they? The bastard! If I'd called his shot on Cuba I would've won. He made me look soft. ... an open invitation for Mr. Khrushchev to become involved in Latin America. We would lose all our friends in Latin America. I think ... I think ... that's the sort of very dangerous and irresponsible suggestion that ... helping the Cuban exiles who oppose Castro would, uh ... not only be a violation of international law, it would be ... ... When we consider the lineup of the world, we find there are 590 million people on our side, 800 million on the Communist side, and 600 million who are neutral. The odds are 5 to 3 against us ... No, no, not tonight. Don't let her in here. I have too much to do. This isn't a "moral" issue, Bob. We have to keep our enemies at bay or our whole program is gonna go down the tubes. The FBI is filled with people who are pissed that I put Gray in and not one of their own. Vietnam, China, the Soviet Union: when you look at the big picture, Bob, you'll see we're doing a hell of a lotta good in this world. Let's not screw it up with some shit-ass, third-rate burglary. I suppose you thought the Presidency was above this sort of thing. Because the President says it is. My job is to protect this country from its enemies, and its enemies are inside the walls. It's got nothing to do with justice. It's national security. Christ, you're right -- Gray makes Jerry Ford look like Mozart. Just have Helms call him. Helms can scare anybody. Pat Gray'll do anything we ask him. That's why I appointed him. Just do what I say, Bob. Play it tough. That's the way they play it and that's the way we're going to play it. Don't lie to Helms and say there's no involvement, but just say this is sort of a comedy of errors, bizarre, without getting into it. Say the President believes it's going to open up the whole Bay of Pigs thing again. Tell Helms he should call the FBI, call Pat Gray, and say that we wish for the sake of the country -- don't go any further into this hanky-panky, period! We've got to turn off the FBI. You just go to the CIA, Bob, and tell Helms that Howard Hunt is blackmailing the President. Tell him that Hunt and his Cuban friends know too damn much, and if he goes public, it would be a fiasco for the CIA. He'll know what I'm talking about. Uh, no one, of course, is going to see these tapes, but ... Bob, did I approve the Ellsberg thing? You know, I'm glad we tape all these conversations because ... I never approved that break-in at Ellsberg's psychiatrist. Or maybe I approved it after the fact? Someday we've got to start transcribing the tapes. No, keep Trini out of this. Chotiner's too old. And for God's sake, keep Colson out. It's time to baptize our young counsel. That means Dean can never talk about it. Attorney-client privilege. Get to it. And Dean -- you stay close on this. "National security priority restricted and controlled secret." "National Priority." "Security" is not strong enough. Silence! Howard Hunt? ... Jesus Christ, you open up that scab ... and you uncover a lot of pus. Well, why not? Fucking hell. I did? I had nothing to do with that. Was he ... in the Ellsberg thing? On the list of horribles, I know what he is. And I know what he tracks back to. You say he was involved in the Plumbers? Howard Hunt is working for the White House? No shit! This is goddamn Disneyland! Since when? What's Liddy got? That fruitcake! What about him? Contributions! It was a legal contribution. Who the hell authorized this? Colson? Their fourth! But O'Brien doesn't even use that office. The Democrats've moved to Miami. There's nothing there! They did what?! I don't understand. Why'd they go into O'Brien's office in the first place? No. No. They make me sick. They smell like death ... I had two brothers die young. But let me tell you, there are worse things than death. There is such a thing as evil. I never thought Jack was ready for the presidency. But I would never, never consider ... His death was awful, an awful thing for this country. Do you ever think of death, Mr. Helms? Cuba would be a small price to pay. But ... if we were able to separate China from Russia once and for all, we can -- we could create a balance of power that would secure the peace into the next century. CIA policy? The CIA has no policy, Mr. Helms. Except what I dictate to you ... I try to adjust to the world as it is today, not as you or I wanted it to be ten years ago. Mr. Helms, we've lived with Communism in Cuba for ten years ... Not if you have spies in the White House, it isn't your job. Are you tapping Kissinger? Well, we'll lodge a formal protest. Yes. What? Yes. And you will give General Cushman full access. Firing you, Mr. Helms, wouldn't do any good. Of course you'll continue as DCI. You're doing a magnificent job. The President would support a reasonable request for an increase. I promised the American people peace with honor in Southeast Asia. That could take time -- two, maybe three years ... In the meantime, your agency will continue at current levels of funding. I'm not Jack Kennedy. Your agency is secure. I'm interested in the documents that put your people together with ... the others. All of them ... Yes ... Yes ... It involves some old and forgotten papers. Things I signed as Vice President. I want the originals in my office and I don't want copies anywhere else. Screw congressional oversight. I know damn well, going back to the '50's, this agency reports what it wants, and buries what it doesn't want Congress to know. Pay close attention to this. Then find something. And I want these leaks stopped. Jack fucking Anderson, the New York Times, the State Department -- I want to know who's talking to them. You're correct. I'm concerned these students are being funded by foreign interests, whether they know it or not. The FBI is worthless in this area. I want your full concentration on this matter ... Robert Cushman is a lieutenant general in the Marine Corps, the Deputy Director of the CIA ... and this is what you use him for? My friends call me "Mister President." This damned tie ... Will you help me, Edgar? Churchill used to say to me, "If you want your own history written properly, you must write it yourself." All right, Edgar, but just don't let it come back to haunt me. Yeah, you do. I'd be bugging myself, Edgar ... Who'd get the tapes? Jesus, I'd like to book him into a psychiatrist's office. He comes in here ranting and raving, dumping his crap all over the place ... Could you prove it, Edgar? Kissinger? Who do you think is behind it? We took his system out. We can't keep a goddamn secret in this government, Edgar. They're stealing papers right out of his office. The little bastards think they can ruin Tricia's wedding day by dancing naked in the Reflecting Pond. There must be a quarter-million out there, Edgar. They've been at it now for a year. Young kids just like Tricia. I don't know. Do you think they have a point, Edgar? Maybe this whole damned system of government is ... The old queen did it on purpose. Yeah, well, as I said, Edgar ... Or he'll steal it like his brother. He's a mean little sonofabitch, Edgar ... He had the IRS audit my mother when she was dying in a nursing home. It could be '60 all over again, Edgar. Bobby's got the magic, like a goddamn rock star. They climb all over each other just to touch his clothes! He'll ride his brother's corpse right into the White House. I never met the man. Roselli? Johnny Roselli? Can't we just talk here? I've got the police chiefs in San Diego. You should ask Bobby. Oh, my goodness ... Winning? My father built the house where I was born with his own hands. Oh, it wasn't a big house ... It was the poorest lemon ranch in California, I can assure you. My father sold it before they found oil on it. Presidents don't threaten. They don't have to. Good day, gentlemen. Because if you're uncomfortable with the EPA up your ass, try the IRS ... The American people put me where I am. What do you mean, Jack? It's nobody's fault, Jack. It's change -- which is a fact of history. Even that old cocksucker Hoover's dead. Things change. Jack, we're not living in the same country you and I knew in '46. Our people are just not gonna sacrifice in major numbers for war. We can't even get 'em to accept cuts in their gas tanks. Hell, the Arabs and the Japanese are bleeding the shit out of our gold .. It's me or Wallace, Jack. Wallace's third party is only going to help McGovern. I need your support. Nobody's gonna beat Kennedy in '64 with all the money in the world. Only if Kennedy dumps Johnson. Gentlemen, I tried. I told Kennedy to go into Cuba. He heard me and he made his decision. I appreciate your sentiments. I've heard them from many fine Cuban patriots, but it's nothing I can do anything about. Now, it's a long drive back to Dallas tonight, and Trini and I have got an early flight tomorrow to New York ... Agreed. By the way, Jack, this looks like a pretty straight-forward transaction to me, but we should get into it soon -- just take a few minutes, maybe up at the house ... She's quite pretty. Like you said Jack, I'm just a New York lawyer now. Well, uh, Trini and I have an early plane. We were hoping to get back to New York in time for ... Thanks, Jack. You sure throw a helluva party. Don't be too proud; never be too proud to go on your knees before God. ... Uh, I hope this doesn't embarrass you. Yes. My mother used to pray ... a lot. It's been a long time since I really prayed. Let's pray, Henry; let's pray a little. Do you ever pray? You know ... believe in a Supreme Being? Don't be stupid. The world needs you, Henry; you always saw the big picture. You were my equal in many ways. You're the only friend I've got, Henry. That depends who writes the history books. I'm not a quitter ... but I'm not stupid either ... A trial would kill me -- that's what they want. But they won't get it. Yes, you always had a good sense of timing, Henry. When to give and when to take. How do you think Mao, Brezhnev will react? Do you think this is how they'll remember me, Henry, after all the great things you and I did together? As some kind of ... of ... crooks? ... because people have got to know whether or not their President is a crook. Well, I am not a crook. I have never made a dime from public service ... Yeah ... Resent it all you want, Henry, but you're in it with the rest of us. Cambodia, Ellsberg, the wiretaps you put in. The President wants you to know you can't just click your heels and head back to Harvard Yard. It's your ass too, Henry, and it's in the wind twisting with everyone else's. That doesn't matter now, Henry. The point is, you might lose some of your media-darling halo if the press starts sniffing around our dirty laundry. Idiotic? Yes, I suppose it was. All kinds of shit would come out. Like the Ellsberg thing. You knew about that, Henry, didn't you? Housecleaning? It would be ugly, Henry, really ugly ... Jews and Negros don't win elections, Henry. Better to hang them around the Democrats' necks. That's right! And if necessary, I'll drop the big one. This is a major coup, gentlemen -- our own State Department doesn't even know. And if it leaks out of here tonight ... This will get me a second term. Damn it, without risk, there's no heroism. There's no history. I, Nixon, was born to do this. That's what geopolitics is about -- the whole world linked by self interest ... You tell me, Ron, how the hell I can explain that on television to a bunch of simple-minded reporters and weeping fucking mothers! That's triangular diplomacy, gentlemen. No one understands! -- even my own men. What do you think the Communists respond to? Honesty, liberal guilt, soul-wringing crap, fathers on TV crying? Hell no! I understand the Communist mind, I've studied it for thirty years. They grasp "realpolitik" better than any of us, right, Henry? I didn't ask what your staff thinks, Henry. What do you think? Churchill, DeGaulle, Disraeli. They all went through the pain of losing power. ... as the old alliances crumble. We're gonna hit him so hard he looks like everything that's sick and evil about the Eastern Establishment. You and your "plumbers" are gonna find dirt on this guy -- let's see him going to the bathroom in front of the American public! And when we finish with him, they'll crucify him! Alright, Henry -- we're gonna go your way. Crush this Ellsberg character the same way we did Hiss! ... and what do we get for it? Gobs and gobs of bullshit, gossip, nothing! Someone is leaking. We've got to stop the leaks, Henry, at any cost, do you hear me? Then we can go for the big play -- China, Russia. No, Henry. I don't. It's your people who are leaking to the Times. Wasn't this Ellsberg a student of yours at Harvard? He was your idea; why are you suddenly running for cover? Fuck it! He doesn't like me, John! It's your fault, Henry. Here, Tim ... Tim. I'm as frustrated as you, Henry, but don't you think this one's a Democrat problem. They started the war; it makes them look bad. How did he do that? All those kids ... Why do they hate me so much? Why? Did you cry when he died? You don't think he was a hero? We let you down, didn't we. Your people. Do you miss Cuba, Manolo? Just ... uh ... you know. Civil war is always the cruelest kind of war. I was the lesser of two evils. Mr. Chairman, there is an old saying: The enemy of my enemy is my friend. We know you've taken a great risk in inviting us here. I must say you look very good, Mr. Chairman. Kissinger's misunderstood. He pretends to be a liberal for his Establishment friends, but he's even tougher than I am ... We're gonna get rid of him -- Allende, I mean -- just as fast as we can. He's on the top of the list. Free, if you're the president. I came down here to close a deal for Studebaker. Yes, well ... Gentlemen, I promised my wife. I'm out of politics. Sure, I'd like to offer condolences. It broke my heart when Harold died. They were throwing rocks, John, just rocks. They don't think I feel ... but I feel too much sometimes. I just can't let a whole policy get dominated by our sentimentality. My brother Harold was about the same age as those kids, John. Tuberculosis got him. How do you know that, John? Did we try? Are we just giving up like the rest of 'em? What's Hoover found, for God's sake? Shit, the press doesn't care about the facts. Cronkite's sticking it to me. It's their first big hit on Richard Nixon. Jesus Christ! How many? Don't worry -- I'll use the old Nixon charm on her. Uh, wait ... Let's get out of here; it's too painful. I hate it. We went bowling last weekend. Next weekend we're going to the zoo. Whoever said there was life after politics was full of shit. You're the one who should be in politics, John. You're tougher than I am. You never crack. Well, he seems to have bought Kissinger. Rocky's full of shit! No way he's going to get nominated west of the Hudson with a new wife. He's gonna be drinking Scotches in retirement at some goddamn country club with the rest of the Republicans. Talks all day, too! How the hell can you put up with her, John? You mean smashed! She called up at midnight last week. Talking a bunch of crap. Pat can't stand her. When they know you've got something to protect, that's when they fuck you! But I wouldn't have if Hiss hadn't lied about knowing Chambers. The documents were old and out of date, like these Pentagon Papers. The key thing we proved was that Hiss was a liar. Then people bought it that he was a spy. It's the lie that gets you. You remember, John, in '48 -- no one believed Alger Hiss was a communist. Except me. They loved Hiss just like they loved this Ellsberg character. East Coast, Ivy League. He was their kind. I was dirt to them. Nothing. You know, this kinda thing, you gotta be brutal. A leak happens, the whole damn place should be fired. Really. You do it like the Germans in World War II. If they went through these towns and a sniper hit one of them, they'd line the whole goddamned town up and say: "Until you talk you're all getting shot." I really think that's what has to be done. I don't think you can be Mr. Nice-guy anymore ... ... but it's not, bottom-line, gonna change a goddamn thing, John. The question is: How do we screw Ellsberg so bad it puts the fear of God into all leakers? ... Any information you have, Edgar. The sonofabitch is not gonna steal from me again! Can you back me up on this? Can I count on your support? I wanna fight just as dirty as he does. Edgar, wonderful to see you. Clyde ... hi. ... but it was all we had. You all know me. I'm one of you, I grew up a stone's throw from here on a little lemon ranch in Yorba Linda ... But change always comes slowly. I've withdrawn more than half the troops. I'm trying to cut the military budget for the first time in thirty years. I want an all-volunteer army. But it's also a question of American credibility, our position in the world ... That man up there lived in similar times. He had chaos and civil war and hatred between the races ... Sometimes I go to the Lincoln Room at the White House and just pray. You know, the liberals act like idealism belongs to them, but it's not true. My family went Republican because Lincoln freed the slaves. My grandmother was an abolitionist. It was Quakers who founded Whittier, my hometown, to abolish slavery. They were conservative Bible folk, but they had a powerful sense of right and wrong ... Forty years ago I was looking, as you are now, for answers. But you know, ending the war and cleaning up the air and the cities, feeding the poor -- my mother used to feed hobos stopping over at our house - none of it is going to satisfy the spiritual hunger we all have, finding a meaning to this life ... Right, right. I used to play a little ball myself at Whittier. Of course, they used me as a tackling dummy. The Orangemen! Now there's a football program. Jim Brown. And that other tailback ... The one with the blood disease ... Where you from? Hi, I'm Dick Nixon. She must be very attractive. Would she like an autograph? She might remember me ... Where's Trini? Uh, is your mother ... still alive? Oh yeah, he's good. Yeah ... Guy Lombardo ... What kind of, uh ... music do you like? ... I don't really know you yet, Sandy ... What do you like? I mean, what kind of clothes do you like? Do you like blue ... red? That's Julie ... and that's Tricia. She, uh, reminds me a little bit of you ... Hello ... Maybe I am. No, no. I'm not powerless. Because ... because I understand the system. I believe I can control it. Maybe not control it totally. But ... tame it enough to make it do some good. There's a lot more at stake here than what you want. Or even what I want ... I know. I know. I've seen a lot of kids die, too, in World War II. Yes, I understand that. ... and get rid of all these "goddamns" and "Jesus Christs"! And this?! Good Lord, have you lost your mind? Nixon can't say this. "Niggers"! Now some people, we both know them, Al, think you can go stand in the middle of the bullring and cry, "Mea culpa, mea culpa," while the crowd is hissing and booing and spitting on you. But a man doesn't cry. I don't cry. You don't cry ... You fight! There's more ... there's more than just me. You can't break, my boy, even when there's nothing left. You can't admit, even to yourself, that it's gone, Al. Do you think those POWs in there did? Fire him. Of them. Proud? So I'm supposed to be ... What's in there? What I know about this country, I ... I could rip it apart. If they want a public humiliation, that's what they'll get. But I will never resign this office. Where the fuck am I? Shit, plenty of people did their best writing in prison. Gandhi, Lenin ... They sell tickets to an impeachment. Like a fucking circus ... Okay, so they impeach me. Then it's a question of mathematics. How many votes do we have in the Senate? You know, Fred, they sell tickets. Who the fuck are they? Bob, are you working on revoking the Posts's television license? Good. Gentlemen, I go now to discover the exact length, width and depth of the shaft. The hell with 'em. Tell 'em what you like; they'll never understand it anyway. We gotta make 'em think we're just as tough as they are -- that Nixon's a mad bomber, he might do anything! I played a lot of poker in World War II , and I won big, and let me tell you this -- unpredictability is our best asset. That redneck Johnson left me with a shitty hand and I'm bluffing. I've got to play the hawk in Vietnam and the dove in China. And if we keep our heads, we can win this thing. And we got the "big mo"! We're back! No ... it's just going to start now ... If I could just ... If I could just ... sleep. They were for me. They're mine. You're drunk! Don't be ridiculous! You can't expect me to explain that to you. Thank you. Brezhnev's coming in three days. I don't want to deal with them. And him. And you. Hiding what? And what am I doing? What exactly did you want to discuss, Pat? No. Tomorrow. Yes. Not for the Pentagon it isn't. I'm kissing Mao's ass. And the press is gonna find some way to shaft Nixon on this one. How am I going to break this to Bob Hope? Is that adjusted for inflation? Think of the life Mao's led. In '52 I called him a monster. Now he could be our most important ally. Only Nixon could've done that. No, I don't. I'm not Jack ... You've been drinking. What the hell are you saying? Jesus, you sound like them now! ... I've gotta keep fighting, Buddy, for the country. These people running things, the elite ... they're soft, chickenshit faggots! They don't have the long-term vision anymore. They just want to cover their asses or meet girls or tear each other down. Oh, God, this country's in deep trouble, Buddy ... and I have to see this through. Mother would've wanted no less of me ... I'm sorry, Buddy. Yes! This is about me. Why can't you understand that, you of all people? It's not the war -- it's Nixon! They want to destroy Nixon! And if I expose myself even the slightest bit they'll tear my insides out. Do you want that? Do you want to see that, Buddy? It's not pretty. Yes! I'm not scared, Buddy. You don't understand. They're playing for keeps, Buddy. The press, the kids, the liberals -- they're out there, trying to figure out how to tear me down. I do. I do. In my own way. I don't need that, Buddy. I'm not Jack Kennedy. Yeah, sure, a long time ago. Because ... I have to relax. Are you okay? Hi, Buddy. What are you doing in here? I asked him, "Lyndon, what would you do, on a scale of one to ten?" And he said, "Bomb the shit out of Hanoi, boy! Bomb them where they live." ... John, do you think I was too soft on TV? Anything. You're the strongest woman I ever met. I love you, Buddy. Yes ... you know it! Yes ... I will. Yeah! This. Above all. It was our dream, too, Buddy, together ... always. I need you out there. It won't be like last time. The war's crippled the Democrats. I can win ... We deserve it. Yeah, it's ours, Buddy -- at last. Nobody knows better than you. Frank Nixon's boy. They love you, Buddy. They need you, too. Buddy? ... We ... haven't announced anything ... uh ... No. It's his way. He hates me. Him and Teddy. They always hated me. De Gaulle's gonna be there. And Macmillan. And Adenauer. Nixon can't not be there. He doesn't want me at the funeral. I'll never run again. I promise. Yeah ... I'm out. I'll do it. No more. If I stop ... there'll be no more talk of divorce? Buddy, look at me ... just look at me. Do you really want me to quit? This is just what they want, Buddy. Don't you see it? They want to drive us apart. To beat us. We can't let them do it. We've been through too much together, Buddy ... We belong together. Everything's political, for Christ's sake! I'm political. And you're political, too! It would ruin us, Buddy, our family. My God -- divorce? What about the girls? What are you saying? What are you talking about? I'll concede in the morning. Amen to that. Don't you want to listen to Brown's victory speech? Buddy, before you join the jubilation at my being beaten again, you should remember: People vote not out of love, but fear. They don't teach that at Sunday School or at the Whittier Community Playhouse! I sure am. The goddamned missile crisis united the whole country behind Kennedy. And he was supporting Brown. People were scared, that's why. Thank you, Fidel Castro. You know how much money he had in the bank when he died? Nothing. He was so damned honest ... But I miss him. I miss him a hell of a lot. Maybe I should get out of the game. What do you think, Buddy? Go back to being a lawyer and end up with something solid, some money at the end of the line ... You know, I keep thinking of my old man tonight. He was a failure, too. What do you mean? We worked for it. We earned it. It's ours. It's not fair, Buddy. I can take the insults; I can take the name-calling. But I can't take the losing. I hate it. It's hard to lose ... We lost ... No, but I liked your book on nuclear weapons. We have similar views on the balance of power ... Some say you are, Rocky. Well, in any case, Rocky, I'll send you my book. "Six Crises." You know: how the voters are gonna play your divorce. Let's wait and see how you survive your first crisis, Rocky ... "Checkers" of course, Hiss, Ike's heart attack, Venezuela, the Kitchen Debate, and Kennedy. What? Write. You know, a book. I'm calling it "Six Crises." It's a good thing, Rocky -- take some time off to write. But being out of the game gives me time to write. Lost. Never made so much money in my life. But my upbringing doesn't allow me to enjoy it. I did get to argue a case before the Supreme Court. Hi, Happy. Well, you're obviously making him happy. Well enough. You're looking "happy," Nelson.What about happiness, Mother? Did he have to die for me to get it?! I can't ... Is it my turn? Mother, think of me always as your faithful dog ... Please! I'll never let you down again, Mother. Never. I promise. No, no! Please, don't. Don't tell him. I'll never do it again. I promise. I promise ... Please, mama ... Please, Mother, it ... it was just one time, Mother, I'm ... I'm sorry. I don't ... have them. Mother ... I swear, I ... didn't smoke. Yes, Mother ... Why me? You're not gonna quit on me, are you, Harold? Harold ... can I get you anything? What ... ? Oh, no, Harold. He doesn't respond well to humor. Maybe if you talk to Mother she can ... What'd you say? What'd he say?Well, that's wonderful. So get me this "crisis" thing, Dick; I'll be glad to take a look at it. Hey, you know Henry Kissinger -- he's down from Harvard. On my staff, foreign policy whiz ... The Republican Party was never home to extremists. You should know better. This guy's as stupid as McCarthy, and McCarthy never did you any good in the long run, now did he? Whatcha predicting -- your boy Goldwater going to split the party? Whatcha mean by that? Sounds like you got a crisis syndrome. Aren't you exaggerating a bit, Dick? Call it three-and-a-half, maybe four ... The "crises"? Hiya, fellow ... What were they? To what? Someday, Dick. Won or lost? Repartee, Dick -- very good. Hey, I feel ten years younger! It makes a helluva difference, let me tell ya! How's the lawyer life? Oh, Happy! Dick Nixon ... You remember him. Howya doin'! New York treating you okay? I'm sorry I haven't been able to see you at all--Come on, man -- Vietnam ain't Germany. It doesn't threaten us. It's a civil war between the Vietnamese. What you have to understand, Mr. Nixon, is that we are willing to die for what we believe in. Ernie Davis. Syracuse. You're shittin' me.So, does Tricky Dick know about this? Where'd you find him? Who we working for? You're fucking me. Why, you got a customer? They're around. How the fuck did you know?Ummm... ... little Bobby. It's between Nixon and a Kennedy again, Edgar ... Who do you want? Edgar, think twice. He works in the kitchen. What do you think this plan is, Edgar? A nuclear attack? ... Use his women. ... Somebody should shoot the little bastard. Mr. Nixon. But it was all we had. ... give me a break, Mary.Or we could write "expletive deleted." Well, we could delete it. No, sir ... Yes, yes. Sir? Compassionate. Grateful. POWs. And their families. That's right. Sir? Bernstein. No, they want you, Mr. President. I really think it would be a good move. Mr. President, the press guys asked if you could come back for a minute. But what am I telling the press about Kent State? What? Win Vietnam, sir? We got the press this time!