You'll get used to him.  Every Sunday morning - rain, snow, holidays nothin, keeps him Away. Hi Barb.  The house sold yesterday.  I know, I know, the market's depressed. Anyway, I'm leaving the area.  Some things I have to do.  Things I couldn't do while you were here.  Maybe you would have approved.  Hell, I know you wouldn't have. (beat) I've tried everything and I can't seem to get their attention.  But now they'll learn how it feels on the other side.  Let's hope it elevates their thinking. General Hummel, sir.  It's an honour. Is the Colonel expecting you, sir? Held better be.  This is a security inspection. Yes, sir! General Hummel!  This is a surprise! That's the idea, Colonel. This is a security exercise, sir. We've fully breached and infiltrated your compound.  I'm afraid you and your men are my prisoners, sir. Sorry sir, you realise the importance of these exercises. Ten men who could have been terrorists are out there doing whatever they damn well please to your compound, Colonel.  Here you sit with your ass chained to a fucking radiator.  This is not a tight ship.  I would not want to be in your shoes in the morning. I was told this was exciting work. Patience, Marvin.  It has its moments. Bosnian refugee camp?  I don't get it. Half a million Serbians reside in the U.S., Marvin.  Serbians don't like Bosnians.  Read a newspaper.  It's good for you.  Hold out your hand. I'm okay.  Really.  Let's do it- Coal miners use canaries, we use those. Sorry guys. July 1, 0.900 hours, agent william Goodspeed and agent/trainee Marvin Isherwood.  Initiating exam of a wooden crate.  Suspicion of seran gas device inside. Appears to be kitchen items, cleaning agents, and... (lifts out a sweatshirt) ... old clothes. This is thrilling. Careful, goddamn it Marvin! What's hap...  what's happening....? I've got some bad news and some really bad news.  The bad news is the gas is corrosive.  It's eating our suits. Enough C-4 explosive to blow the chamber and enough poison gas to kill everybody in the building. The acid's eating...  it's eating my fucking suit... Chill, Marvin. Get that away from me.  I hate needles. LONNER, WHERE'S THE GODDAMNED WATER? Oh fuck oh shit oh fuck THIS IS LIKE FUCKING PULP FICTION ONLY I don't like needles. Hey honey. Not now. Yeah, somebody's in a bad mood. Much better. She sits with him.  Puts her arm around him. Had a close one. Not really. Could we change the subject? Hey!  Now there's some good news. Carla Pestalozzi?  No. Definitely not.  You could have posed for the Mona Lisa.  Sophia Loren looks Swedish next to you. I hope that's a compliment.  I could change my name.  How 'bout Bobby Sue Pestalozzi?  Billy io Pestalozzi? Stick with Carla. We've talked about this, Carla, we've talked it up, down, inside and out ... You're what ... ? Alcatraz - "the Rock" - is the most famous, and was the most feared, prison ever built.  Here the inmates were allowed one hour of daily exercise. True, madam.  From 1936 until the prison's closing in 1963, there were fourteen attempts but no one's believed to have made it to shore - alive at least. Al Capone; Machine Gun Kelly; Robert Stroud, the Birdman of Alcatraz; all lived in these cells. You're not supposed to leave the tour, guys.  Is there a problem? Big problem. Don't want to be locked up, fellahs? Not today.  You go ahead. I don't think so hah hah. I think so. General Hummel: Captains Frye and Darrow. Deploy as planned, Captain. Aye, aye, sir. Hello Ladies and Gentlemen.  You are my prisoners.  I have no intention of harming you.  You will be fed regularly.  That is all you need to know for now. Can it wait till morning, Agent Wood, I'm going to hear Bruce Springsteen ... In that? Christ, the concert's for the Prince of Wales or somebody ... I really think you should take this call personally. Wait.  Who is this? Brigadier General Francis X. Hummel. Mary Jane, get the Pentagon! (to Agent Wood) Call the San Francisco office.  It seems Alcatraz was just re-opened. At ease, Gentlemen.  It is traditional for me to meet with my officers before an operation.  The heart performs one thing, the legs another, the brain another - all better function together or the body becomes ill, is prone to disease. (beat) Major Baxter, Gunny Crisp and I have been on the front lines since 'Nam.' Captain Hendrix was my adjutant in the Gulf.  Get a haircut, Pete, you're lookin' like a beatnik.  You and your men are new to me. Would the General like a recitation of our service records? I'm well aware of your service records, Captain, they are excellent.  I want to be clear on why you - why all of us are here.  You both stand to profit from this. Profit is not my motive, sir.  I am here to redress a wrong. Yes, sir, and to learn some people a lesson. This country has places where wrongs are redressed, Captain Darrow: They are called courts of law.  In the military, they are called Courts Martial. This country has places where lessons a-re leaned.  They are called schools.  Am I confusing you? Well, sir, frankly ... EL I see that I am ' The only accurate term for what we are doing here is treason.  Plain and simple.  An insurrection against a government to which we have sworn allegiance.  Everyone in this room must understand that. The question is what kind of traitor are we.  Coward or lion?  Benedict Arnold, or Thomas iefferson?  I have posed that question to myself, have answered it, and my conscience is clear.  Have all of you? Within thirty-two.hours you will leave this country and not return.  All of you can live with that? Yes, sir. Well, I cannot.  So, regardless of what happens on this island in the hours ahead, I will stay. The men exchange surprised glances. But General, you'll be prosecuted. Yes, Captain.  And I plan on conducting my own defense. it will make the O.J. Simpson trial look like an episode of "Perry Mason." Take your posts, gentlemen.  Semper fi. Last night Hummel and eleven marines, under the guise of a security exercise, walked off with fifteen V.X. rockets.  It wasn't discovered until the shift change this morning. Here he is in Vietnam - I think a Major at the time. Four tours in Vietnam, Grenada, Panama, Desert Storm.  Three purple hearts... two silver stars and... the Congressional Medal of...  Jesus.  The man is a hero. A legend.  During Tet he held off a brigade of V.C. single-handedly.  Saved his whole company.  Hence the nickname "gunfighter." What was this book Hummel wrote on Vietnam?  Anybody read it? No.  Give me the skinny. The "skinny," Mr. Sinclair, is that the U.S. should have either won the war or gotten the hell out of Vietnam and stopped wasting American lives.  I happen to share General Hummells view. General, it's him. The call connects to a phone on the table. Frank, this is Albert Kramer. Hello Al.  Howlre Judy and the kids? They're fine.  I'm with General Peterson, F.B.I. Director Womack, Chief of Staff Sinclair, Security Advisor Lindstrom, and C.I.A. Director Amway.  You've got a lot of people worried, Frank.  Can you help us out? I'll come straight to the point, General Kramer: Eighty-three Force Reconnaissance Marines have died under my various commands.  Forty-seven in northern Laos and southern China ... Southern China?  We never admitted we sent troops into China. Who is that.  Identify yourself. White House Chief of Staff Sinclair, General. How old are you, white House Chief of Staff Sinclair. I'm thirty-three. Well White House Chief of Staff Sinclair, by your ninth birthday I had led over two hundred incursions into China and personally killed that many of the enemy. General, put some duct tape over Mr. sinclair's fat, ignorant mouth.  He has shit for brains and he is wasting my time. The President calling from Moscow. Continue Frank. Eighteen others died in covert, illegal operations in Chile and El Salvador.  Remember the Gulf War.  Those pretty "smart bomb" pictures on C.N.N.? My men lased those targets.  Ten were left to rot outside Baghdad when the conflict ended - and let's not even mention Mogadishu, gentlemen.  No benefits were paid to their families; no medals conferred.  These men died for their country and they weren't even given a coddamn military burial.  This situation will not stand: you will transfer 100 million dollars from a Grand Cayman "Red Sea Trading Company" account to an account I designate.  From these funds, reparations of one million dollars will be paid to each of the 83 marines, families.  The rest of the money will pay for my outfit's expenses.  Am I clear? Except for the Red Sea Trading Company. What is that? Identify yourself. F.B.I. Director Womack, General. You'll be particularly interested: It's a slush fund where the Pentagon keeps proceeds from illegal arms sales. Frank, Jesus, this is classified information. Is this true? If you want the money back, you'll have to tell the attorney General and the boys down at Justice where it came from.  Good luck. General, I've just spoken to the President and he is clear as hell on this: We will not negotiate with you and we do not care if ... Someone please gag that man.  Alert the media, I launch the gas.  Refuse payment, I launch the gas. It is just after midnight.  You have 36 hours - all of today and half of tomorrow, until 12 noon - to transfer the money.  Don't even consider the standard counter measure, General. What's the potential casualty rate of a single rocket armed with V.X., General Peterson? Well that's not so bad ... Thousand.  Seventy thousand.  Dead. one teaspoon will kill all living organisms in a three story office building.  Get the point? What did Hummel mean by ",standard countermeasure," General? Napalm.  Standard pgison gas can be neutralized by napalm.   It burns it up -- consumes it upon detonation.  The problem is that V.X. gas is ten times more toxic and designed to withstand napalm.  Hummel must know about Willy Peter, General. 'Course he does.  "Willy Peter," short for "White Phosphorous Incendiary Device," still  in its test phase.  It detonates at 6,000 degrees, enough to burn up V.X.  That explains Hummells time frame.  He knows we're not operational.  What would it take, General? To equip a flight of F-16s with Willy Peter in 36 hours?  An act of God.  All right, we can try.  But view the use of Willy Peter as a secondary initiative. Then on to our primary initiative. (hits intercom button) Send in S.E.A.L. Team Leader Anderson. (to F.B.I. Womack) Who's your best chemical biological man? I'll find out. Tell him to pack a bag for San Francisco. Shit, shit, shit what time is it.  Hello. I'll be downstairs in ten minutes. I've got to go to San Francisco. I've got to go. She grabs his arm. I can't...  I cannot deal with this right now ... (softly) Bill, I am very Catholic.  And very pregnant.  And very unmarried.  Help me with this. I love you.  I will marry you.  I just didn't plan on this, that's all.  Tell you what: come to San Francisco. It's probably just a training exercise. Check into a hotel, order up some champagne, I'll finish up my business and ...  A precision night drop is out due to the full moon.  Likewise on a frontal, seaside attack: at the first shot, Hummel might launch.  My second in command is working on an attack from within the prison.  The idea is to penetrate the tunnels under the prison, undetected, emerge in its center, and jump the marines from behind - take their rocket positions without a shot fired.  But I need better intelligence. You've studied the architectural plans. They're useless.  Alcatraz was originally a Civil War fort.  It's been ripped up and rebuilt for years.  Under there is a maze of shit, excuse my language.  What I need is personal, firsthand intelligence on the island's tunnels. The former warden? Died in 1979.  The guards we contacted are useless.  There was a janitor, "Alcatraz Al". He worked there for twenty years, but he died in 1983. Didn't three guys escape?  I thought I saw a movie about it. It's a Hollywood myth.  No one's escaped Alcatraz and lived. There is someone who can help us. The C.I.A. Director and I have something to discuss in private. You're not actually suggesting ... The man spent every night for six months making a dry-run of his escape.  He knows every inch of that island.  We have to, Jim. I am very uncomfortable about this. it won't bite anyone - if handled correctly.  When was the last time you saw him? when he escaped from San Quentin. The man was an S.A.S. trained killer. Can we risk letting.him out? The question is: can we not? I'm told you're our best chemical weapons man, Goodspeed.   What's your education? B.A. Columbia.  M.A. and P.H.D., Johns Hopkins, biochemistry and toxicology. Excellent.  What do you know about V.X. gas? This isn't a training exercise, is it sir. No Goodspeed.  It's not a training exercise. The following is a state secret.  Disclose it to any party and you will be subject to prosecution.  His name is John Mason.  A British national incarcerated on Alcatraz island in 1962, escaped in 1963. Director, no one's ever escaped from Alcatraz ... I'm telling you facts, Agent Sanchez.  Do not argue and do not question.  He was recaptured and sent to San Quentin, from which he escaped in February, 1976.  He's been held at Wolfburg since.  He has no identity.  He does not exist.  Understood?  I want one thing: how he escaped Alcatraz - specifically the route he took through the island's tunnels. You want him conscious or unconscious afterward? Don't even entertain it.  This man laughs at strong arm tactics. dodium pentathol doesn't work either. Why's he going to help us now? Mason's papers are in order, sir. Because I'm willing to give him what he wants, GOODSPEED - a full pardon. Steep price for some information. (waves pardon away) I don't need that to get what you want. Sanchez - try subtlety. It's my middle name.  Watch kid, maybe you'll learn something. I ask for an interrogator and what do I get ... I'm F.B.I. Special Agent in Charge Sanchez. In charge of what?  Fucking me over for another three decades? Hey.  Easy.  I just want to talk. You know what F.B.I. stands for Sanchez?  Fucking Bloody Idiots.  I don't want to talk to you. Just some questions about Alcatraz.  It's a tourist attraction now.  You remember Alcatraz, Mason. Do I remember Alcatraz. Not the island itself.  The tunnels underneath it. Real subtle, SANCHEZ... There's no harm in cooperating with us. Who's "us?" F.B.I.? C.I.A.? Why should I do that? Maybe there's a gift in it for you. Timeo danaos et dona ferentes. Are you capable of reading, Sanchez? I don't have time for this shit...  Yes. I can read. The story of Alchimadus.  Know it? No. Thomas a Beckett.  Heard of him? Maybe.  Not really. Solzhenitsyn.  I've a sneaking suspicion you've heard of him. Look, I'm asking the fucking questions here.  You can trust the F.B.I. That's a good one, Sanchez.  What do you call and F.B.I. Agent who can't tell a lie?  A mute. Here, call your lawyer and tell him you're going back to jail. Impressive, Sanchez. He'll eat him alive. He's already had you for the first course.  Go. Who the fuck are you, Mother Theresa? What do you do for the F.B.I., Goodspeed. Tell me what you really do. Don't answer that, GOODSPEED .... You said I'd be a free man.  Define free I know what the fucking word means, idiot.  In this context. During the time I cooperate, will I be outside?  Outside a jail? You suppose? Don't give away the farm, Goodspeed. What's happening on Alcatraz, Goodspeed? Then on one condition: a minimum of two hours in the Fairmont Hotel - I trust it still exists.  I want a shower and a new suit of clothes. Why didn't you throw in a trip to Fiji? I'll have this forwarded to the President, Director. No. You'll give it to me.  Give it to me, Reynolds. Show Attorney Reynolds outside there's a car waiting for him.  And SANCHEZ -  I'll handle the next stage. I'll decide what's legal, Goodspeed. You're out of your depth, Goodspeed.  You are on a need to know basis and you do not need to know. one more thing: a shave and a haircut.  Hello Womack. What it's all about, sir: Willy Peter burns steel, burns titanium; it'll sure burn up your poison and everything else in the atmosphere. I need four F-16's equipped with air-to-ground missiles within...  .... twenty-six hours. Let me name some things that are more possible, General, with all due respect: winning the Lottery, climbing Mt. Everest barefoot, getting a parking space at Yankee Stadium, marrying Sharon Stone ... Can't do it, General. You can.  And you will. Get yer minds off Budweiser, baseball, and broads, fellahs - we're goin, ,round the clock! Who's Carla?  And why don't you want her to come to San Francisco? You learn that line in Cub Scouts, Goodspeed? I personally picked this suite.  Only one exit. Put 'em on.  You've got forty-five minutes. You going to stand there and watch? That's right. well if it excites-you ... Put the goddamn clothes on. I can't do a decent job with these. That's all you get. I'm an artist, not a barber. without these he can't stab you in the throat. Shall we do this outside?  In the sunshine? How would you like it sir? whatever's in style. oh fabulous.  You look shabby.  Shall I snip and cut the shabbiness away? Good.  Thank-you. Yes of course.  My secretary will take care of you.-  See to the good man will you? What say we bury the hatchet, Womack. In your head. - Drop the gun or I'll drop your boss. Holy shit, we got a jumper. Looks like....  Womack... ! Whoops .... I'm feeling tired .... Whoops .... MASON   lets Womack drop a foot. Womack SCREAMS! GOODSPEED  drops his gun and grabs the clothesline.  MASON   bolts from the balcony into the suitels library. This just in: More than twenty highway patrolmen are involved in a highspeed chase on Van Ness Boulevard, north of Trocadero Modern conveniences.  Cheers. (punches numbers) San Francisco.  Jade Angelou.  That's A..n..g..e..l .... Is this Jade Angelou? John Mason.  Don't be shocked.  I don't have much time.  Please listen carefully  .... Shit shit SHIT SHIT ... Way cool. Chem weapons.  Isherwood. Wolfburg, got it. Masconi, Magrane, Masters.  No MASON   in Wolfburg, Bill, is this arelative of yours... ? Two guys.  Joseph Wainwright, and a.... they don't have a name, just "inmate 9999?" This is weird.  They got medical records, place of birth - Glasgow? but no name.  Wait a minute, there's a next of kin.  Jade Angelou of 32 Stenson Drive, San Francisco.  Bill did you, like, fuck something up?  Bill?  Bill? Jade. Hello.  Yes.  It's me. Let's uhm...  let's walk a ways. A while. I'm here with you, aren't I? I was driving through San Francisco.  I decided it was time. I tried to explain in my letters. I see.  Bloody prison censors. Maybe this isn't the best time...  Jade.  Here sitdown. All will be explained.  You must trust me on this. Someday very soon,  after I get a few things settled, I will come back for you.  What I  need to know is: do you want me in your life? We are the same blood. where to begin.  My name is John Paul Mason.  I'm Scottish. I attended Dartmouth Naval College.  My favorite color is green.  I like books.  I like a good joke.  At one time I shot a pretty fair round of golf.  I'm in my 60's and I've been in jail half my life.  Maybe it's better I go. Jade - remember what I said. You surprise me, Goodspeed.  Now I'm going to surprise myself: thank-you, you could have handled that differently. Hows your jaw? You cocksucker you dislocated my shoulder and cost the city of San Francisco ten million dollars.  You try to escape again and Agent Chaney here will break your legs. Pleased to meet you. Okay, one more time: down this second fork fifty-seven paces to a septic chamber.  Turn left at the water pump, then forty-two paces to the prison showers ... No. Forty-two paces to the septic chamber.  Fifty-seven to the showers. That's not what you said three minutes ago. It's not? Excuse me.  Womack. I ask for someone with knowledge of the island's tunnels. you give me a fuckin, convict who wants to play "twenty questions." He knows every inch of those tunnels, Commander. Then he's keeping it to himself.  He's fucking with me and I don't have the time. What if he went with you? Out of the question.  He'll endanger the mission - he'll endanger my men.  He's a security risk.  Who says he won't bolt as soon as we turn our backs on him? I'll handle that.  Chaney. You're not cooperating, John.  Maybe this will help.  I'm sure you're curious about what's happening on Alcatraz.  Twelve United States Marines - a terrorist rogue force - have seized it.  They've aimed fifteen poison gas rockets at the city.  Enough poison gas to kill every man, woman and child in San Francisco. Yes, John, including your daughter. Mr. MASON has a strong incentive to help us, Commander Anderson. Get him some gear.  He's going to the Rock.  Goodspeed! The goal is to take out the launchers and neutralize the V.X.chem rounds, Goodspeed.  Tell us what you know. Have you ever actually seen one of these devices? That's great, Goodspeed.  You're in the Bureau, so you've had weapons training. So you've never been in a combat situation. Won't be necessary. I know they are, Goodspeed.  That's why you're going with us. Get him some gear. Wait just a minute.  This little twat's going to deal with the poison?  He's gonna get us all fuckin' killed! Nice to meet you too. You look like shit. You're not wimping out on us, Goodspeed. Chemical Weapons isn't a cakewalk, Goodspeed. Spit it out. What's the really bad news. Agent Cord, get over to the Pan Pacific Hotel and bring Goodspeed's girlfriend to this facility please!! Seventeen hours left.  What the fuck is he doing?  How much time does it take to transfer money from one account Just a matter of time, buddy.  The Pentagonlll cave and we'll be headin, south of the border a million dollars richer. Hello Frank, Lou Lindstrom.  I'm in the oval office with General Kramer. We're having some problems with the account transfer, Frank. Don't tell me your problems, tell me your solutions. We've spoken to the President. He's not too happy about this. Well he'd better give me a goddamn assurance ... The only thing the President will give you is a fair trial after you're caught, General. That you, Sinclair?  What exactly do you do at the White House? Answer the presidential phone? Wash the presidential limousine?  Are you his golf caddy, Sinclair? Now you give me some coddamn respect, General .... You want respect, you child, you coffee server?  Let's talk about Dave Ridgeway. Who's Dave Ridgeway, Frank? A twenty-two year old marine tortured to death by a communist death squad in the El Salvadoran jungle.  His mother and young wife were told by the Pentagon that he went A.W.O.L. Let's talk about the respect he got. This is going nowhere Frank .... man into San Franciscols business district.  You have twelve hours to deliver the money or be prepared to reap the whirlwind, gentlemen. What's the word from Mojave? General Petersen can give us no definite assurance on the Willy Peter capability. Greenlight the S.E.A.L. incursion. Listen up, men.  Mr. MASON   here will run point for us.  Lieutenant Shepherd will be attached to your  hip, Mason.  You breath, he breathes with you.  Understand? Shep, what's the status on the special operational gear for Mason. one aluminum fork and one quart of motor oil in a squeeze tube. For cottonmouth. GOODSPEED here's our specialist.  We will cover him while he neutralizes the' chemical threat.  If he does his job we'll launch flares and hold our position 'till the cavalry comes.  Make no mistake about it, gentlemen, we are going in against an entrenched force led by one hot-shit field commander.  We are in the fight of our lives, I bullshit you not.  Any questions?  Let's move out. After you, 'lace." Activate mini-cams. Atropine.  Any contact with the gas, use it. Mini-cams operational. Can't do that, malam.  Sorry. You know what you're doing? Yes.  Little fancier than I'm used to. Prepare to deplore! Smile Goodspeed.  Live a little.  Life is short...  especially yours. Decoy? Royce, Scarpetti, Gamble, Starling: get to the west end of the island on the double.  Think we have visitors. You heard the man, let's move it. Looks all clear, sir. Nothing. Tell 'em to stay out there. Thank-you very fucking much, Mr. Mason, you've led us to a room with no exit. Skipper, blow it or burn it? No time for the torch.  Explosives'll bring the fucking world down on us. (turns to Mason) An idea, please, we're tight on time. Wait for me to unlock the door. You do not look like Jesus Christ, Mr. Mason, so I'm having a hard time how you're going to accomplish that. Under there. You are shitting me.  You catch one of those steam bursts and you're a corpse. True.  I memorized their timing. Uhh sir, you said never leave his side ... You're not required to follow, Lieutenant Shepherd.  This man is going to die. That's been said to me before .... Welcome to the Rock. She's at least three inches thick sir. Shit.  Burn it. Guys are worthless. Who is this guy... ? The shower room?  After you. Motion sensor. Sir.  Anti-disturbance temblar tripped in the shower.  We got visitors. Stand fast. We'll secure the area. What's that...what the hell is that? Don't know. Oh Christ this isn't happening. Sir, we know why you're out here.  God knows I agree with you sir, but like you sir, I swore to defend this country against all enemies.  Foreign, sir, and domestic. (shouts now) General, we've spilled the same blood in the same mud.  You know goddamn well that I cannot give that order... Your unit is covered from an elevated position, Commander.  I'm not going to ask again. Don't do anything stupid, Commander. No one has to die here. You men following the General: You are United States Marines and under oath you forgotten that?  We all have shipmates we remember - some of 'em were shit on and spit on by the Pentagon - that doesn't give you the right to mutiny. That's a nice speech, Commander.  I heard plenty like it in the Pentagon and on Capitol Hill.  They all added up to zero.  Pretty words aren't gonna get you out of this, Commander.  Now abort this mission.  Goddamn it, abort. It's us or them, Reigert, fuck they're gonna waste us ... Let go of me. HOLD YOUR FIRE HOLD YOUR FIRE .... It's over. We've still got movement.  Numbers eleven and twelve.  That's GOODSPEED and.... Mason. If mason's still alive, it's not over. BRAKE! ! ! The President arrives in three hours.  His directive is to string Hummel along until the airstrike is operational. What's the word from Mojave, General? They're going as fast as they can. We're fucked, cap'n. Are we fucked with a pencil or are we fucked with a baseball bat. We're fucked with a telephone pole. (turns to the missiles) we can arm em with Willy Peter, no problem, but negatory pn smart bomb capability.  What are you saying? The pilots are gonna have to drop em manually.  We're talkin, retro, baby.  We're talkin' World War II.  (closes his eyes) Fire. My god. MASON looks up. GOODSPEED stands above on the embankment. 