Is John not yet arrived?  The girls--I have left so little.  Elinor will try to look after you  all, but make sure she finds a good  husband. The men are such noodles  hereabouts, little wonder none has  pleased her.  A romantic poet with flashing eyes  and empty pockets?  Margaret will go to sea and become a  pirate so we need not concern  ourselves with her.  Your son is arrived from London,  sir.  Let me speak to John alone.  Ah, my dear. How happy you have made  me.  Father...  John you will find out soon enough  from my will that the estate of  Norland was left to me in such a way  as prevents me from dividing it  between my families.  Calm yourself, Father. This is not  good for you.  Norland in its entirety is therefore  yours by law and I am happy for you  and Fanny.  But your stepmother my wife and  daughters are left with only five  hundred pounds a year, barely enough  to live on and nothing for the girls'  dowries. You must help them.  Of course  You must promise to do this.  I promise, Father, I promise.  Come! Come quickly!  Help them.  Dearest, I mean to give them three  thousand pounds.  The interest will provide them with  a little extra income. Such a gift  will certainly discharge my promise  to my father.  One had rather, on such occasions,  do too much than too little.  Of course, he did not stipulate a  particular sum.  Fifteen hundred then. What say you  to fifteen hundred?  They can hardly expect more.  A hundred pounds a year to their  mother while she lives. Would that  be more advisable? It is better than  parting with the fifteen hundred all  at once.  Twenty pounds now and then will amply  discharge my promise, you are quite  right.  They will have five hundred a year  amongst them as it is--  So we are agreed. No money but the  occasional gift of game and fish in  season will be very welcome.  If that is agreeable to you, of  course.  Naturally. I am also shy of strangers  and I have nothing like her excuse.  Very much. Your stables are very  handsome and beautifully kept, Mrs  Dashwood.  An oversight, Fanny, led me to the  wrong room. I have rectified the  situation and am happily settled in  the guest quarters.  My dear Fanny, they have just lost  their father their lives will never  be the same again.  Oh? No. The dust, perhaps.  I hear you have great plans for the  walnut grove.  How picturesque. Will you show me  the site?  Pardon my intrusion, but I believe I  have found what you are looking for.  Oh, Miss Dashwood! Excuse me I was  wondering do you by any chance have  such a thing as a reliable atlas?  Excellent. I wish to check the  position of the Nile.  My sister says it is in South America.  Belgium? Surely not. You must be  thinking of the Volga.  Vladivostok, and ends in...  Indeed. Where the coffee beans come  from.  Is it? Good heavens. How do you do.  Edward Ferrars.  Not at all. I enjoy her company.  Not yet. Would you do me the honour,  Miss Dashwood? It is very fine out.  I know. She is heading an expedition  to China shortly. I am to go as her  servant but only on the understanding  that I will be very badly treated.  Sword-fighting, administering rum  and swabbing.  All I want--all I have ever wanted  is the quiet of a private life but  my mother is determined to see me  distinguished.  She hardly knows. Any fine figure  will suit a great orator, a leading  politician, even a barrister would  serve, but only on the condition  that I drive my own barouche and  dine in the first circles.  I always preferred the church, but  that is not smart enough for my mother  she prefers the army, but that is a  great deal too smart for me.  I hate London. No peace. A country  living is my ideal a small parish  where I might do some good, keep  chickens and give very short sermons.  Our circumstances are therefore  precisely the same.  Perhaps Margaret is right.  Piracy is our only option.  What is swabbing exactly?  No voice divine the storm allayed No  light propitious shone, When snatched  from all effectual aid, We perished  each alone: But I beneath a rougher  sea, And whelmed in deeper gulfs  than he.  Devonshire!  Sir John Middleton? What is his  situation? He must be a man of  property.  But you will not leave before the  summer?  I should like that very much.  Cannot you take him with you?  Perhaps he could make himself useful  in the kitchen?  Miss Dashwood--Elinor. I must talk  to you.  There is something of great importance  I need... to tell you--  --about--about my education.  Yes. It was less... successful than  it might have been.  It was conducted in Plymouth--oddly  enough.  Yes. Do you know it?  Yes.  Oh--well--I spent four years there-- at a school run by a--a Mr Pratt--  Precisely--Mr Pratt--and there, I-- that is to say, he has a--  Fanny, I am leaving this afternoon  as it is--  Excuse me, Miss Dashwood.  Dear ladies, dear ladies, upon my  word, here you are, here you are,  here you are!  Oh, none of that, hush, please, none  of that, but here is my dear mamma- in-law Mrs Jennings.  Why did you not come up to the Park  first and take your ease? We saw you  pass--Like many people who live rather  lonely lives together.  She would not wait, you know.  Delightful! And you know you are to  dine at Barton Park every day.  Oh, no no no no no no no, I shall  not brook refusals. I am quite deaf  to 'em, you know--  But I insist!  Oh, no thankings, no, please, can't  bear 'em, embarrassing, you know--  We will send game and fruit as a  matter of course--  --and the carriage is at your beck  and call--  Where did you disappear to?  But, alas, there are no smart young  men hereabouts to woo them--  Come, Mother, let us leave them in  peace.  Excellent fellow! We served in the  East India Regiment together.  Reclusive individual. But you are  fatigued. I can see that you are  fatigued.  Come along, Mother, we really must  leave them to themselves.  Send Thomas to us for the carriage  when you are ready!  Where can Brandon be, poor fellow? I  hope he has not lamed his horse.  Oho! Have you sniffed one out already,  Mother? You are worse than my best  pointer, Flossie!  She's horribly good at winkling.  --or if we do, we do not keep them  for long!  Or a handsome lieutenant!  No profession! A gentleman, then!  F indeed! A very promising letter.  Let me--F, F, Fo, Fa... Upon my word,  but I cannot think of a single name  beginning with F--  Of course, yes--my goodness. We do  not stand on ceremony here, my dear.  Brandon! Where have you been? Come,  come and meet our beautiful new  neighbours!  A great pity, indeed.  Mrs Dashwood, may I present my dear  friend Colonel Brandon? We served  together in the East Indies and I  assure you there is no better fellow  on earth--  I have.  Like? Hot.  The air is full of spices.  Come, Miss Dashwood--it is your turn  to entertain us!  --and I think we can all guess what  key you will sing in!  F major!  You know what they're saying, of  course...  The word is that you have developed  a taste for--certain company.  And why not, say I. A man like you-- in his prime--she'd be a most  fortunate young lady--  Marianne Dashwood would no more think  of me than she would of you, John.  Brandon, my boy, do not think of  yourself so meanly--  And all the better for her.  For the simple reason that you have  a far superior musician here.  Are you hurt?  May I have your permission to--  --ascertain if there are any breaks?  It is not broken. Now, can you put  your arm about my neck?  Allow me to escort you home.  It is a twisted ankle.  I can assure you it is not serious.  I took the liberty of feeling the  bone and it is perfectly sound.  Please do not think of it. I'm  honoured of be of service.  Pray excuse me--I have no desire to  leave a water mark! But permit me to  call tomorrow afternoon and inquire  after the patient?  John Willoughby of Allenham--your  servant, ma'am!  Mr Willoughby is well worth catching,  Miss Dashwood--Miss Marianne must  not expect to have all the men to  herself!  Decent shot--and there is not a bolder  rider in all England.  Like?  Well, he has the nicest little bitch  of a pointer--was she out with him  yesterday?  Nice little estate three miles east.  He is to inherit it from an elderly  relative--Lady Allen is her name.  You are all on the lookout for  Willoughby, eh? Dear me, poor Brandon.  You will none of you think of him  now.  How is the invalid?  Miss Marianne, I cannot see why you  should set your cap at Mr Willoughby  when you have already made such a  splendid conquest!  Mr Willoughby--Lady Allen's nephew?  Aye, he visits every year for he is  to inherit Allenham--and he has a  very pretty estate of his own, Miss  Dashwood, Combe Magna in Somerset.  If I were you, I would not give him  up to my younger sister in spite of  all this tumbling down hills.  Here is the man himself. Come, Brandon-- we know when we are not wanted. Let  us leave him to the ladies!  How does he do? How do you do, more  like. Go on in, they're waiting for  you!  Miss Dashwood! Miss Marianne!  I come to issue an invitation. A  picnic on my estate at Delaford--if  you would care to join us on Thursday  next. Mrs Jennings's daughter and  her husband are traveling up  especially.  I will of course be including Mr  Willoughby in the party.  A Broadwood Grand.  Your sister seems very happy.  She is wholly unspoilt.  I knew a lady like your sister--the  same impulsive sweetness of temper-- who was forced into, as you put it,  a better acquaintance with the world.  The result was only ruination and  despair.  Do not desire it, Miss Dashwood.  Nothing like.  What can this be?  My horse! Quickly!  What is the matter, Brandon?  I must away to London.  No! Impossible!  Imperative.  But Brandon, we are all assembled.  We cannot picnic at Delaford without  our host! Go up to town tomorrow.  I cannot afford to lose one minute.  If only you would stop.  Five and a half.  Try.  I came into Devonshire with no other  view.  And look at Miss Marianne--it would  break her heart to deny her!  I have. How is your dear mother?  Forgive me, Miss Dashwood, but I  have heard reports through town...  is it impossible to--but I could  have no chance of succeeding--indeed  I hardly know what to do. Tell me  once and for all, is everything  finally resolved between your sister  and Mr Willoughby?  Thank you, Miss Dashwood. To your  sister I wish all imaginable  happiness. To Mr Willoughby, that  he... may endeavour to deserve her.  Forgive me, I--forgive me.  No, ma'am.  None, ma am.  No messages, ma am.  Mrs Jennings, may I present my brother- in-law?  Mr Robert Ferrars!  My dear ladies--we meet at last!  Oh! He is far too busy for such  gatherings--and has no special  acquaintance here to make his  attendance worthwhile.  It would be my honour.  And perhaps Miss Steele might consider  reserving the allemande?  You reside in Devonshire, I b'lieve,  Miss Dashwood?  In a cottage?  I am excessively fond of a cottage.  If I had any money to spare, I should  build one myself.  If I might be so bold, Mrs Jennings,  it would be our pleasure to escort  your young charge home.  She actually sent him messages during  the night?  Apparently they never were engaged.  She cannot have expected him to go  through with it. But I feel for  Marianne--she will lose her bloom  and end a spinster like Elinor. I  think, my dear, we might consider  having them to stay with us for a  few days--we are, after all, family,  and my father.  That is very thoughtful, Fanny. We  shall ask Elinor and Marianne next  year, then... Certainly!  How does your sister?  Then permit me to accompany you and  take you straight on from Cleveland  to Barton myself.  Perhaps I--my regard for you all-- Miss Dashwood, will you allow me to  prove it by relating some  circumstances which nothing but an  earnest desire of being useful--  When I quitted Barton last--but I  must go further back. A short account  of myself will be necessary. No  doubt... no doubt Mrs Jennings has  apprised you of certain events in my  past--the sad outcome of my connection  with a young woman named Eliza.  What is not commonly known is that  twenty years ago, Eliza bore an  illegitimate child. The father,  whoever he was, abandoned them.  As she lay dying, she begged me to  look after the child. Eliza died in  my arms, broken, wasted away--ah!  Miss Dashwood, such a subject-- untouched for so many years--it is  dangerous...  I had failed Eliza in every other  way--I could not refuse her now. I  took the child--Beth is her name-- and placed her with a family where I  could be sure she would be well looked  after. I saw her whenever I could. I  saw that she was headstrong like her  mother--and, God forgive me, I  indulged her, I allowed her too much  freedom. Almost a year ago, she  disappeared.  I instigated a search but for eight  months I was left to imagine the  worst. At last, on the day of the  Delaford picnic, I received the first  news her. She was with child... and  the blackguard who had--  Before I could return to confront  him, Lady Allen learned of his  behaviour and turned him from the  house. He beat a hasty retreat to  London--  Lady Allen had annulled his legacy.  He was left with next to nothing,  and in danger of losing all that  remained to his debtors--  We met by appointment, he to defend,  I to punish his conduct.  We returned unwounded, so the meeting  never got abroad.  She has chosen to go into the country  for her confinement. Such has been  the unhappy resemblance between the  fate of mother and daughter, and so  imperfectly have I discharged my  trust.  I would not have burdened you, Miss  Dashwood, had I not from my heart  believed it might, in time, lessen  your sister's regrets.  I have described Mr Willoughby as  the worst of libertines--but I have  since learned from Lady Allen that  he did mean to propose that day.  Therefore I cannot deny that his  intentions towards Marianne were  honourable, and I feel certain he  would have married her, had it not  been for--for the money.  There's a Mr Edward Ferrars to see  you, Miss Dashwood.  Miss Dashwood, how can I--  How do you do, Miss Steele.  Forgive me, Marianne, my visit is  shamefully overdue. You are pale. I  hope you have not been unwell?  How do you like London, Marianne?  I have been much engaged elsewhere.  Forgive me but I must take my leave--  You must excuse me, I have a  commission to attend to for Fanny--  I would be honoured. Goodbye, Miss  Dashwood, Miss Marianne.  I have heard that your friend Mr  Ferrars has been entirely cast off  by his family for persevering in his  engagement to Miss Steele.  Have I been rightly informed? Is it  so?  No, we have never met. But I know  only too well the cruelty--the  impolitic cruelty of dividing two  young people long attached to one  another. Mrs Ferrars does not know  what she may drive her son to--  I have a proposal to make that should  enable him to marry Miss Steele  immediately. Since the gentleman is  so close a friend to your family,  perhaps you will be good enough to  mention it to him?  I think not. His behaviour has proved  him proud--in the best sense. I feel  certain this is the right course.  Miss Dashwood.  I was most grateful to receive it. I-- Miss Dashwood, God knows what you  must think of me...  I have no right to speak, I know--  Yes, I have heard his name.  Colonel Brandon?  Colonel Brandon give me a parish?  Can it be possible?  No. Not to find it in you. I cannot  be ignorant that to you--to your  goodness--I owe it all. I feel it. I  would express it if I could, but, as  you know, I am no orator.  Colonel Brandon must be a man of  great worth and respect ability.  May I enquire why the Colonel did  not tell me himself?  Your friendship has been the most  important of my life.  Forgive me.  Goodbye, Miss Dashwood.  You will do nothing of the sort.  Be quiet.  Marianne!  Thank you for pointing that out, my  dear. Do not worry, Miss Dashwood-- Brandon will find her. I think we  can all guess where she went.  She is not hurt--but we must get her  warm!  You can rely upon Harris, Colonel. I  have never found a better physician.  What is your diagnosis?  It is an infectious fever that has  taken far more serious hold than I  would have expected in one so young.  I would recommend the hasty removal  of your child, Mr Palmer--  My dear Miss Dashwood, I am more  sorry than I can say. If you would  prefer me to stay I am at your  service.  She is not doing as well as I would  like.  What can I do?  Give me an occupation, Miss Dashwood,  or I shall run mad. He is dangerously  quiet.  Of course. Barton is but eight hours  away. If I make no stop, you may see  us early tomorrow morning.  In your hands I know she will be  safe.  Double the number of drops and I  will return as soon as I can.  I must fetch more laudanum. I cannot  pretend, Miss Dashwood, that your  sister's condition is not very  serious. You must prepare yourself.  I will return very shortly.  What though the sea with waves  continuall Doe eate the earth, it is  no more at all.  Nor is the earth the lesse, or loseth  aught. For whatsoever from one place  doth fall, Is with the tide unto  another brought...  'For there is nothing lost, but may  be found, if sought...  No--for I must away.  That I cannot tell you. It is a  secret.  Beg pardon, Miss Dashwood, but they  was the cheapest in the market--  Yes, ma'am.  I seen him myself, ma'am, and his  lady too, Miss Lucy Steele as was-- they were stopping in a chaise at  the New London Inn. I happened to  look up as I passed the chaise and I  see it was Miss Steele. So I took  off my hat and she inquired after  you, ma'am, and all the young ladies,  especially Miss Dashwood, and bid me  I should give you her and Mr Ferrars's  best compliments and service and how  they'd be sure to send you a piece  of the cake.  Yes, ma'am--I just seen him leaning  back in it, but he did not look up.  Yes, Miss Marianne--she said how she  was vastly contented and, since she  was always a very affable young lady,  I made free to wish her joy.  Mrs Dashwood. Miss Marianne. Margaret.  Miss Dashwood. I hope I find you all  well.  I am glad of it. The... the roads  were very dry.  Tolerably, thank you.  I--But EDWARD cannot seem to find  any words.  No--my mother is in town.  Then you have not heard--the news--I  think you mean my brother--you mean  Mrs Robert Ferrars.  Yes. I received a letter from Miss  Steele--or Mrs Ferrars, I should say-- communicating the... the transfer of  her affections to my brother Robert.  They were much thrown together in  London, I believe, and... and in  view of the change in my  circumstances, I felt it only fair  that Miss Steele be released from  our engagement. At any rate, they  were married last week and are now  in Plymouth.  No.  Elinor! I met Lucy when I was very  young. Had I had an active profession,  I should never have felt such an  idle, foolish inclination. At Norland  my behaviour was very wrong. But I  convinced myself you felt only  friendship for me and it was my heart  alone that I was risking. I have  come with no expectations. Only to  profess, now that I am at liberty to  do so, that my heart is and always  will be yours.  The more so since she settled the  money upon him so irrevocably--  Her family fluctuates at an alarming  rate. Then, in London, when you told  me of the Colonel's offer, I became  convinced that you wanted me to marry  Lucy and that--well, that you and  Colonel Brandon...  I shall not forget attempting to  thank him for making it possible for  me to marry the woman I did not love  while convinced he had designs upon  the woman I did--do--love.  Would you--can you--excuse me--  