Uh, sure, Sol. Anything you say. Instead of saying, "One corned beef sandwich," and then, "Another corned beef sandwich," I'll say, "Two corned beef sandwiches." What's the difference? What's that, Sol? For me? I'll have the same thing. Huh? Uh... My friend over here would like a corned beef on rye and a ginger ale. Shit. If you can't share your secrets with your friends, what kind of friend are you? What do you mean? And now you've got your Christmas story, don't you? Anything for art, eh, Paul? I lied to her, and then I stole from her. I don't see how you can call that a good deed. I guess so. I never thought of it that way. Yeah, probably. Once, about three or four months later. I felt so bad about stealing the camera, I hadn't even used it yet. I finally made up my mind to return it, but Granny Ethel wasn't there anymore. Someone else had moved into the apartment, and he couldn't tell me where she was. Okay. So this is the story of how it happened. Okay. It was the summer of 'seventy-six, back when I first started working for Vinnie. The summer of the bicentennial. A kid came in one morning and started stealing things from the store. He's standing by the rack of paperbacks near the front window stuffing skin magazines under his shirt. It was crowded around the counter just then, so I didn't see him at first.... Okay. You remember how you once asked me how I started taking pictures? Well, this is the story of how I got my first camera. As a matter of fact, it's the only camera I've ever had. Are you following me so far? Ready. Any time you are. You got it. Take over the register while I'm gone, okay, Jimmy? Good? Of course. Are you kidding? I'll tell you what. Buy me lunch, my friend, and I'll tell you the best Christmas story you ever heard. How's that? And I guarantee every word of it is true. Christmas stories? Sure, I know a ton of 'em. That's a feather in your cap, man. The paper of record. Ah-hah. You usually get two. Two, right? Hey, man, how's it going? We'd better be. I haven't spent a night out of Brooklyn in fourteen years, and I'm not about to break my record now. Besides, I've got to be on my corner at eight sharp tomorrow morning. It's Tommy's. The sucker owed me a favor. Nothing much. He said his socks and underpants were dirty, and would we mind driving up with his things. Fucking kids, huh? They take you for granted every time. That could be a good sign, though. It could mean that he got away. Not a peep. Fuckus my assus. They did some number on you. Cops? You mean they nabbed those cruds? Fuck you, kid. You're right. I just wasn't sure you knew. He's crazy. If he's got something to tell me, why don't he tell it to me himself? Yeah, well, I'm sorry too. It took me three years to save up those five thousand bucks, and now I'm broke. I can't hardly pay for this beer. Not to speak of having my credibility destroyed. Do you understand what I'm saying? My credibility. So yeah, I'm sorry, too. About as sorry as I've ever been in my whole fucking life. Hey, kid. You interested in a job? I just got word from your employment agency that you're looking for a position in retail sales. Help? Hmm. It's possible. What did you have in mind? How old, kid? So, what brings you to a dive like this? Hey, man, good to see you. Yeah. There she is. She's in quite a few from that year. She must have been on her way to work. Yeah, that's what I'd recommend. You know how it is. Tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow, time creeps on its petty pace. They're all the same, but each one is different from every other one. You've got your bright mornings and your dark mornings. You've got your summer light and your autumn light. You've got your weekdays and your weekends. You've got your people in overcoats and galoshes, and you've got your people in shorts and T-shirts. Sometimes the same people, sometimes different ones. And sometimes the different ones become the same, and the same ones disappear. The earth revolves around the sun, and every day the light from the sun hits the earth at a different angle. I mean, you're going too fast. You're hardly even looking at the pictures. You'll never get it if you don't slow down, my friend. I don't know, it just came to me. It's my corner, after all. It's just one little part of the world, but things happen there, too, just like everywhere else. It's a record of my little spot. It's my project. What you'd call my life's work. That's right. More than four thousand pictures of the same place. The corner of 3rd Street and Seventh Avenue at eight o'clock in the morning. Four thousand straight days in all kinds of weather. That's why I can never take a vacation. I've got to be in my spot every morning. Every morning in the same spot at the same time. It can be arranged. Seeing as how I've read your books. I don't see why I shouldn't share my pictures with you. It would be an honor. Well, let's not exaggerate. I take pictures. You line up what you want in the viewfinder and click the shutter. No need to mess around with all that artisto crap. Taking pictures? It's a long story. I'd need two or three drinks to get through that one. That's what people see, but that ain't necessarily what I am. I guess you could call it a hobby. It doesn't take me more than about five minutes a day to do it, but I do it every day. Rain or shine, sleet or snow. Sort of like the postman. Sometimes it feels like my hobby is my real job, and my job is just a way to support my hobby. It's mine all right. I've owned that little sucker for a long time. Yeah, I did. No problem. It's not as though I'm rushing off to the opera or anything. You run out of Schimmelpennincks? Seven eighty-five out of twenty. Take care of yourself now, and don't do anything I wouldn't do. The Queen of England? The boys and I were just having a philosophical discussion about women and cigars. Some interesting connections there, don't you think? Hey, man. Good to see you. What'll it be today? There's just one thing I want to know. Fuck this angel shit. Just take the dough, Ruby. But no bawling, okay? I can't stand people who blubber. For keeps. It's all yours, baby. Five thousand bucks. Why don't you open it and find out? No, bully for you. Remember that business venture I was telling you about? Well, my tugboat came in. I'm flush. No you're not. Not if you got her into one of those rehab programs. She's just a kid. There's time for more babies later. After she grows up. Still, you can't just write her off. So you're just going to give up and go home? Jesus Christ. This is all I need. Cut it out. Just cut it out, okay? It's starting to get on my nerves. And what's that supposed to mean? Look, I'm not saying you don't have a daughter. It's just that she's not my daughter. Yeah, like what? I think you'd better stop the car and let me out. You what? Where to? You don't give up, do you? I know you think I'm lying to you, but I'm not. Every word I told you is the God's honest truth. Nice try, old girl. I'd like to help you out. You know, for old time's sake. But all my spare cash is tied up in a business venture, and I haven't collected my profits yet. Too bad. You caught me at the wrong time. Fifteen years ago? It won't wash, pumpkin. No mother waits fifteen years to tell a man he's a father. I wasn't born yesterday, you know. Good old Frank. And how is fat Mr. Grease Monkey these days? You're conning me, sweetheart. I ain't responsible for no baby. A couple of moments, I'll grant you that. A second or two snatched from the jaws of eternity. You weren't so lukewarm yourself. At least at first. Yeah, well, I lost my pen. By the time I got a new one, I was clean out of paper. That's what you told me when I shoplifted that necklace for you. You remember, baby, don't you? The judge gave me a choice: either go to the can or enlist. So, instead of going to college, I wind up in the navy for four years, I watch men lose their arms and legs, I nearly get my head blown off, and you, sweet Ruby McNutt, you run off and marry that asshole, Bill. You've suckered me before, darling, remember? Why should I believe you now? I know what it means. That still don't make it a good name. Stop it, already. Just stop all this crap right now. Was that your idea to call her Felicity? Our daughter? Is that what you said? Our daughter? I mean, you might have a daughter, but I sure as hell don't. And even if I did -- which I don't -- she wouldn't be our daughter. Help, huh? And I don't suppose this help has anything to do with money, does it? Like what? All right, sugar, what's on your mind? You heard her, pipsqueak. The lady and I have private business to discuss. Go outside and stand in front of the door. If anyone tries to come in, tell 'em we're closed. You got that? Talk away, lady of my dreams. I'm all ears. At least I've stayed true to myself. Which is more than I can say about some people. And you think it looks better to go around dressed up like Captain Hook? No I'm not. I look like shit. And so do you, Ruby. You look just awful. What's with the patch, anyway? What'd you do with that old blue marble -- hock it for a bottle of gin? Is that all? I thought it was about three hundred. Christ, Ruby, it's been so long. I figured you were dead. Okay, my man. Love to the wife and kids, et cetera, et cetera. Drop me a postcard if you can remember the address. They come in, they go out. I've got it planned to the last detail. It's the law that's buying. That's what's so beautiful about it. I mean, when was the last time you heard of a judge sending himself to jail? It's all set. My guy in Miami said he'd have them within the next few weeks. Are you sure you don't want to go in with me? Five thousand dollars outlay, a guaranteed ten-thousand-dollar return. A consortium of Court Street lawyers and judges. They're just drooling to get their lips around some genuine Cuban cigars. Tobacco today, sex tomorrow. In three or four years, it'll probably be against the law to smile at strangers. Enjoy it while you can, Vin. Pretty soon, they're going to legislate us out of business anyway. I try not to, anyway. It's better for your health. I mean, look at you, Vincent. You're the guy with the wife and three kids and the ranch house on Long Island. You're the guy with the white shoes and the white Caddy and the white shag carpet. But you've had two heart attacks, and I'm still waiting for my first. She made a play for me after I got back, but her glass eye kept interfering with my concentration. Every time we got into a clinch, I'd start thinking about that hole in her head, that empty socket with the glass eye in it. An eye that couldn't see, an eye that couldn't shed any tears. The minute I started thinking about it, Mr. Johnson would get all soft and small. And I can't see getting married if Mr. Johnson isn't going to be in tiptop shape. She upped and married some other cat after I joined the navy. By the time I got my discharge, though, she was divorced. Her husband poked out her eye in a domestic quarrel. Ruby McNutt. My one true love. I almost got married once. I don't know. Maybe because I love you so much, boss. I don't know. Thirteen, fourteen years. Something like that. No problem, Vinnie. Everything's under control. I could run this store in my sleep. Come on, come on, you yellow belly. The whole thing. First name and last name. You're a dumb, whacked-out little fuck, do you know that? Your job? You've got five thousand bucks. What do you want a piece-of-shit job like that for? And why the hell would you give me money? Shit. I don't want your money, you little twerp. It's probably stolen anyway. What is this, some kind of joke? For me? And what am I supposed to do with a paper bag? This way, gentlemen. Let's retire to my office, shall we? I'll be back in about an hour. Watch the register while I'm gone, okay? Come around to the cigar store tomorrow morning at ten o'clock and we'll talk about it, okay? We'll see what we can work out. Good. Keep it up, and maybe one day you'll grow up and become a great man like me. Seventeen? I remember when I was seventeen. Christ, I was one little whacked-out son-of-a-bitch when I was seventeen. Is that what you are, son? One little whacked-out crazy fella? Of course it hurts. What does it look like? Jesus, man, you're one fucking mess. ... If it happens, it happens. If it doesn't, it doesn't. Do you understand what I'm saying? You never know what's going to happen next, and the moment you think you know, that's the moment you don't know a goddamn thing. That's what we call a paradox. Are you following me? When I tell you it's open. It's open when I tell you it's open! That's how it is with sidewalks. People come, people go, and they all drop shit on the ground. As soon as you clean up one spot and move on to the next, the first spot is dirty again. It'll never be finished. How'd you do out there, Jimmy? Damned if I know. But it has a nice ring to it, don't it? Any time. And congratulations to you and your wife. Just remember, though, in the immortal words of Rudyard Kipling: "A woman is just a woman, but a cigar is a smoke. It'll keep them fresh. If they get too dry, they'll break. And you don't want that to happen, do you? Tobacco is a plant, and it needs the same loving care you'd give an orchid. A good choice. You wouldn't want to celebrate the birth of your firstborn with a box of stinkers, would you? Remember to keep them in the refrigerator until you hand them out. Forty-four. They're on special this week from the Canary Islands. A real bargain. Fifty-six. That girl had on a corset. Seventy-eight dollars. The girl who rolled these was probably wearing panties. They don't come cheap, son. These little honeys are works of art. Rolled by hand in a tropical climate, most likely by an eighteen year old girl in a thin cotton dress with no underwear on. Little beads of sweat forming in her naked cleavage. The smooth, delicate fingers nimbly turning out one masterpiece after another...You shut your mouth! You shut your mouth now! I don't like this. I don't like it one bit. Are you making fun of me? I won't be mocked. Do you hear me? I won't let no punk kid stand there and mock me! Paul. Rashid. Thomas. Which one is it? Yeah, but he's my son. Nothing strange about that. He's my own flesh and blood. But here you got the same name as this man here, and you're not even the same color. That's funny. His name is the same as yours. Say hi to Paul. And this one, in case you haven't guessed, is Junior. That boy's one in a million. A real tiger. I don't know. I try. Every day I keep on trying, but it's no easy task for a man to change his nature. I'm off the booze, though. Haven't had a drop in six years. And now I've got me a wife. Doreen. Best damned woman I've ever known. And a little boy, too. Cyrus Junior. So things have definitely improved since I got fitted with this hook. If I can just turn this goddamn garage around, I'll be in pretty good shape. An ugly piece of hardware, isn't it? I'll tell you what happened to my arm. I'll tell you what happened. Twelve years ago, God looked down on me and said, "Cyrus, you're a bad, stupid, selfish man. First of all, I'm going to fill your body with spirits, and then I'm going to put you behind the wheel of a car, and then I'm going to make you crash that car and kill the woman who loves you. But you, Cyrus, I'm going to let you live, because living is a lot worse than death. And just so you don't forget what you did to that poor girl, I'm going to rip off your arm and replace it with a hook. If I wanted to, I could rip off both your arms and both your legs, but I'm going to be merciful and just take off your left arm. Every time you look at your hook, I want you to remember what a bad, stupid, selfish man you are. Let that be a lesson to you, Cyrus, a warning to mend your ways." The name is Cyrus Cole. I'm afraid we'll be working on a strictly freelance basis. Benefits? Five bucks an hour. That's the going rate, isn't it? It's a quarter past two now. My wife's picking me up at five-thirty, so that'll give you about three hours. If you can't finish today, you can do the rest tomorrow. I'll tell you what. You want to work. I'll give you a job. Nothing permanent, mind you, but that upstairs room over there -- the one above the office -- is a hell of a mess. It looks like they've been throwing junk in there for twenty years, and it's time it got cleaned up. Yeah, well, do your thinking somewhere else, Michelangelo. I got work to do. Not a one. Not one customer all day. I bought this broken-down shit-hole of a place three weeks ago, and if business don't pick up soon, I'm going straight down the skids. What do I want to be hiring someone for? I can't even pay my own wages. Do you have eyes in your head, or are those brown things bulging out of your sockets just marbles? You've been sitting here all day, and how many cars have you seen drive up and ask for gas? Son-of-a-bitch. You're some piece of work, aren't you? Five bucks! You mean you're going to charge me five bucks just to look at it? It's rundown, all right. But drawing a picture won't improve the way it looks. Let's see what you did, Rembrandt. Just passing through. A lonesome traveler with a knapsack on his back plops himself across from my garage to admire the view. There's other places to roam, kid, that's all I'm saying. You don't want to make a nuisance of yourself. I don't know what you look like, boy. As far as I can tell, you sprouted up like a mushroom in this spot last night. You live in this town -- or on your way from here to there? Let me give you some useful information, son. There's two dollars and fifty-seven cents in that cash register over there and considering all the time you've put in casing the joint so far, you won't make but about fifty cents an hour for all your pains. However you slice it, that's a losing proposition. Why don't you pick some other spot? It gives a man the creeps to be stared at all morning. You going to sit here all day?I don't know, Tommy. You think anyone gives a rat's ass about Kuwait? I read something about the head sheik over there. He marries a different virgin every Friday and then divorces her on Monday. You think we want to have our kids dying for a guy like that? I used to smoke Raleigh cigarettes. They came with a free gift coupon in every pack. Jesus, Tommy, it ain't science, you know. You got your good trades and your bad trades. That's how it works. Yeah? And why is that? So what's the time? You still have that watch Auggie gave you? Hey, Jimmy. You got the time?I thought maybe he was pretending. Does it hurt? Sure, Auggie. I follow. When you don't know nothing, it's like paradise. I know what that is. It's after you're dead and you go up to heaven and sit with the angels. Okay, Auggie, I got it. You don't have to yell. Sure, Auggie, I got it. The store's closed. And when do I tell them it's open? I just do what you tell me, Auggie. You tell me to sweep, so I sweep. Huh? Good, Auggie. Real good. All finished. Twelve-eleven. Twelve-twelve. Twelve-twelve. Tick-tock, tick-tock. Huh?Forty-one pages. Uh ... actually, it might be better if you read the story first. Call me when you're finished, okay? Good. I hope you like it. It was a long time in coming. I finished my story. I thought you might want to take a look at it. Yeah, well, I've sort of been out of commission. How's Melville? I'll tell you all about it... ... but not here. It looks worse than it is. I'm okay. Not an easy book. Melville, huh? It's been a while. Wow. You don't fool around, do you? What else. Of course, what else? And what are you writing about for your thesis? Your dissertation? What subject do you study? And the bookstore? Have you been working there long? Just like me. And your father? Is he from New York? So your mother grew up in Shanghai? I confess. Better make it charge. Exactly. Life just wouldn't be worth living, would it? I mean, it's a good story. Yes, I suppose I do. I wouldn't say that. But at least you've put the camera to good use. You made her happy. And the camera was stolen anyway. It's not as if the person you took it from really owned it. It was a good deed, Auggie. It was a nice thing you did for her. Which means that she spent her last Christmas with you. She probably died. Did you ever go back to see her? Every word. I'm all ears. So. Are we ready? I have to pee. If the waiter comes, order me a corned beef on rye and a ginger ale, okay? It doesn't have to be true. It just has to be good. Anything good? Yeah, great. The problem is, I have four days to come up with something, and I don't have a single idea. You know anything about Christmas stories? Fine. Or it was until a couple of days ago. A guy from The New York Times called and asked me to write a Christmas story. They want to publish it on Christmas Day. Yeah, I know, but I'm trying to cut down. Somebody's worried about my health. Uh, better make it one. Hi, Auggie. It's not a long drive. An hour, an hour and a half. We'll be back in time for dinner. Nice machine, Auggie. Where'd you find it? So what did he say when he called? Or didn't. There's no way of knowing, is there? I spoke to his aunt a couple of days ago, but she hasn't heard from him either. It's beginning to get a little scary. You haven't heard from Rashid, have you? For once in my life I managed to keep my mouth shut. There's something to be said for that, I suppose. No. The ... uh ... the Bobbsey Twins lit out when they heard the sirens. But at least they stopped playing that marimba duet on my skull. Assaultus interruptus. It could have been worse. If the cops hadn't come, I might not be standing here now. It's written all over you like a neon sign. Now say something nice to Rashid to make him feel better. No, he's not. You are. Don't be an ass, Auggie. He's trying to make it up to you, can't you see that? He's got something to tell you, Auggie. The kid's sorry, Auggie. I'm thinking about the kid. I'm sure he'd do a good job for you. Hey, Auggie, I've just been thinking. You wouldn't need some help around the store, would you? Some summer help while Vinnie's gone? It's his birthday so we decided to whoop it up a little. This is April Lee, Auggie. April, say hello to Auggie Wren. It's Ellen. Look at her. Look at my sweet darling. Slow down, huh? But they're all the same. What do you mean? It's kind of overwhelming. Amazing. I'm not sure I get it, though. I mean, how did you ever come up with the idea to do this ... this project? I've never seen anything like it. They're all the same. I'd like to see your pictures some day. A photographer ... How'd you get started? So you're not just some guy who pushes coins across a counter. I didn't know you took pictures. It's yours? Looks like someone forgot a camera. Do you think I could buy some before you leave? Are you closed? I wouldn't think of it. See you around, fellas. Not Elizabeth the Second, Elizabeth the First. Did you ever hear of Sir Walter Raleigh? Definitely. I suppose it all goes back to Queen Elizabeth. Two tins of Schimmelpennincks. And throw in a lighter while you're at it. Hey, Auggie. How's it going? And he's never tried to get in touch with his son? It can't have been easy on him. Walking around with that on his conscience all these years. Jesus. You mean she just ran off with him and left her little boy behind? Those are pretty hostile words. And? And you told your nephew about it? Has anything happened lately? Anything unusual or unexpected? Do you want something to drink? A beer? A glass of water? I was about to get run over by a car, and your nephew pulled me back. He saved my life. I sensed he was in trouble, so I offered to put him up for a few days. Maybe I should have pressed him a little more, I don't know. I feel pretty stupid about it now. I shouldn't have let him go. And his parents? He doesn't go to the Trinity School? That's what he said. He told me he lived with his mother and father on East Seventy-fourth Street. As far as I know, he went back to his parents. Look, lady, that's enough. If you don't calm down. I'm going to throw you out. Do you hear me? Right now! Well, whatever his name is, he's not here anymore. He left two days ago, and I haven't heard from him since. You mean Rashid? I'm telling you. I don't know anyone named Thomas. Thomas? Who's Thomas? The damn lock's broken again. And so you just barge in on strangers, is that what you do? Is that your game? How the hell did you get into the building? What can I do for you? Now ask him who his mother was. If it doesn't make any difference, why not just say it? We came here to deliver some clean laundry. Research. I worked the scene right into my story. That makes the medical bills one hundred percent tax deductible. Hi, kid. Good. I'm glad that's settled! Don't worry about it. You've got friends now, remember? Just behave yourself, and everything will work out. You'll do it, all right. You fuck up, you've got to undo the damage. That's how it works, buster. If you don't do it, I'm going to throw you out of here. Do you understand me? If you don't pay Auggie what you owe him. I'm finished with you. I'm serious, all right. You've got to square it with Auggie. Since you won't give the money back to the Creeper, you can use it to make things right with Auggie. That's probably better anyway. Better to keep your friends than to worry about your enemies. Here's what you're going to do. You're going to open up your backpack, take out your bag of money, count out five thousand dollars, and hand it over to Auggie. No wonder he was angry. Cuban cigars. You mean he had some hanky-panky going with those guys? If you don't tell me what happened, how do you expect me to know that? I need facts, not opinions. Well? So you lost the job. Is that what you're telling me? He just up and fired you? Keep up with that attitude, and you won't have a future. Seventeen is a hell of an age to die. Is that what you want? A lot of good it will do you if the Creeper finds you. Yeah, well, you have to be nuts to do what you did. If you want my opinion, you should give this money back to the Creeper. Just give it back and tell him you're sorry. So you robbed the robbers, and now the robbers are after you. You have one hell of a knack for getting into trouble, don't you? So how much does it come to? Good thinking. And started to run. Christ. You didn't just see what happened. They dropped the package on the ground and you picked it up. So you're saying it wasn't like that at all. Here, catch. Is it yours? You don't believe me, huh? Look, I'll show you. It's all in this book. His only copy. I mean, if you think you're going to die, what's more important, a good book or a good smoke? And so he huffed and he puffed, and little by little he smoked his book. It's 1942, right? And he's caught in Leningrad during the siege. I'm talking about one of the worst moments in human history. Five hundred thousand people died in that one place, and there's Bakhtin, holed up in an apartment, expecting to be killed any day. He has plenty of tobacco, but no paper to roll it in. So he takes the pages of a manuscript he's been working on for ten years and tears them up to roll his cigarettes. Absolutely. We would be honored. Uh, actually, I tend to shy away from that kind of thing. Pick two or three. Now that the coffers are open, you might as well take advantage of me. I mean earlier. We could have planned something. Hey, hey. Happy birthday. Why didn't you tell me? Celebrate? What for? No, not the end. The beginning. His son was just a little boy at the time, but the years passed, and when he grew up, he became a skier, too. One day last winter, he went out by himself for a run down the mountain. He gets halfway to the bottom and then stops to eat his lunch next to a big rock. Just as he's unwrapping his cheese sandwich, he looks down and sees a body frozen in the ice -- right there at his feet. He bends down to take a closer look, and suddenly he feels that he's looking into a mirror, that he's looking at himself. There he is -- dead -- and the body is perfectly intact, sealed away in a block of ice -- like someone preserved in suspended animation. He gets down on all fours, looks right into the dead man's face, and realizes that he's looking at his father. All right. Listen carefully. About twenty-five years ago, a young man went skiing alone in the Alps. There was an avalanche, the snow swallowed him up, and his body was never recovered. Yeah, right. The inspiration. It's a true story anyway, so I don't suppose it can hurt, can it? Okay, just a little hint. I can't tell you the story, but I'll tell you what gave me the idea for it. If I tell you, I might not be able to finish it. If you don't sleep, you don't dream. If you don't dream, you don't have nightmares. Once a story gets hold of you, it's hard to let go. Besides, I'm making up for lost time. I don't know. Two or three. It was pretty late. Thanks. Ah, coffee. Smells good. Fair enough. We wouldn't want to get carried away, would we? Now call your aunt Em and let her know you're alive. Maybe. Or maybe it's the other people who don't belong. It looks like they've met in this apartment. What makes you think you'll be any safer around here? It's only about a mile away from where you live. If they put this Creeper in jail, then you'd be safe. Why don't you go to the police? So that's the something you weren't supposed to see, huh? And? I don't, huh? And what makes you such an authority on what I want or don't want? Close the door. Sit down in that chair. Now listen carefully. Your Aunt Em came here a couple of days ago. She was sick with worry, out of her mind. We had an interesting talk about you, Thomas. Do you understand what I'm saying? Your aunt thinks you're in trouble and so do I. Tell me about it, kid. I want to hear all about it right now. Cut it out, will you? Just cut it out and come back here. Where the hell do you think you're going? Where did you get that thing? Appreciation for what? Hey, it's you. Take good care of yourself, okay? Do you need some money? Some extra clothes? Are you going to be all right? No hard feelings, okay? It's a small place, and I can't get my work done with you around. It sounds like our time is up, doesn't it? And how long did I tell you you could stay? How long have you been here? It just won't do, will it? I go two and a half years without being able to write a word, and then, when I finally get started on something, when it looks as though I might actually be coming to life again, you show up and start breaking everything in my house. It just won't do, will it? If you want to steal it, that's your business. At least I won't have you around here making noise. It might be worth it. The world is going to end pretty soon if you don't learn fast. Look, why not make yourself useful? I'm just about out of smokes. Go around the corner to the Brooklyn Cigar Company and buy me two tins of Schimmelpenninck Medias. A little less clumsiness around here would be nice, don't you think? Jesus, do you make a lot of noise. Can't you see I'm trying to work? You'll find juice and eggs and milk in the refrigerator. Cereal in the cupboard. Coffee on the stove. Take whatever you want. But it's time for me to get started in here. Eight-thirty. Time to wake up. Hey, kid, time to wake up. Rashid! Up and out. I have to work in here. The slumber party is over. Is that what you do? Draw pictures? Twelve, thirteen years ago. Actually, he died with his sketch pad open on his lap. Up in the Berkshires one weekend, drawing a picture of Mount Greylock. No, he was a schoolteacher. But he liked to dabble. It's strange, though, isn't it? Looking at yourself before you knew who you were. My father did. Believe it or not, that little baby is me. I listen on the radio. I can see the games just fine that way. The world is in your head, remember? I used to have one, but it broke a couple of years ago and I never got around to replacing it. I'd just as soon not have one anyway. I hate those damn things. That's it. Just the two rooms. I didn't expect to see you again. Suit yourself. But if you change your mind, here's the address. In case you're wondering, I like women, not little boys. And I'm not offering you a long-term lease -- just a place to crash for a couple of nights. I'm not "people." I'm just me. And I do whatever I goddamn want to do. Got it? But your body is in the world, isn't it? If someone offered you a place to stay, you wouldn't necessarily refuse, would you? Except that there's no bed, is there? And no breakfast either. Uh-huh. One of those cozy bed and breakfast places, probably. You can't be more specific than that? The what? Then what are you doing in Park Slope? It's a little far from home, isn't it? In Manhattan? And where do Momsie and Popsie live? That's true. But I also owe you something, and I'm not sure that buying you a hamburger is going to do the job. What is it? Family problems? Money problems? You don't have to tell me if you don't want to, but I might be able to help. Cocktail hour is over. The young man would like to order a hamburger. Look, kid, it's okay with me. You don't have to play games. If you want a hamburger or something, go ahead and order it. Yeah, sure, and I bet you had lobster last night. Along with two bottles of champagne. You must eat lunch pretty early. It's only eleven o'clock. Are you sure you don't want some food to go along with it? It might help to absorb some of that liquid. You don't want to slosh around too much when you stand up. Good. Lemonade it is. I'm Paul. Come on. At least let me buy you a cup of coffee. You have to let me do something for you to put the scales in balance. Yes it is. It's a law of the universe. If I let you walk away, the moon will spin out of orbit ... pestilence will reign over the city for a hundred years. I owe you something. No, wait. You can't just walk off. You saved my life. I can't believe I did that ... Christ. I'm walking around in a fog ... I don't mean to pry, but I see a kid walking around with a big knapsack on his back, and I begin to wonder if all his worldly possessions aren't stowed in there. Are you in some kind of trouble or what? I'll take the iced coffee. You only live once, right? Do you have real iced coffee, or do you just pour hot coffee over some ice cubes? Yeah, give him another one. And I'll take a cup of coffee while you're at it.No wonder it's such a screwed-up place. Like me, too. Actually, I'm his father. Three's a crowd. Yes, I'm aware of that. But I have to keep an eye on Mr. Benjamin wherever he goes. To make sure he doesn't get himself into trouble. I wouldn't actually call it a party. It's more along the lines of a dinner in celebration of my birthday. The guest list is quite restricted. So far, there's Mr. Benjamin and myself. If you accept, that would make three of us. It's my birthday. Good. Then may I have the honor of extending an invitation to you? Perhaps I should rephrase the question. What I mean to say is, are you married or seriously involved with a significant other? It's coming along. At the rate he's going, he'll have a story finished by the end of the summer. What difference does it make? To look at the dirty magazines. I can see all the naked women I want, and it doesn't cost me a cent. So I can get my job back. What do you care where it comes from? It's yours. No, it's five thousand dollars. Open it. It's for you. A little. Not much. Sure thing. See you later. Ten o'clock tomorrow morning. I'll be there. A job? I definitely wouldn't turn down a job. Definitely. I'd say you've hit the nail on the head. Seventeen. Louisa Vail. Remember her, Cyrus? Thomas Cole. My name is Thomas Jefferson Cole. Thomas. Thomas. That's how we met. We're members of the International Same Name Club. Believe it or not, there are 846 Paul Benjamins in America. But only two in the New York metropolitan area. That's how Paul and I got to be such good friends. We're the only ones who show up at the meetings. Well, you and Junior have the same name, too, don't you? Hi there, little brother. It's only temporary. On a freelance basis. You named the kid after yourself, huh? And have you mended them? I don't mean to be nosy, but I was wondering what happened to your arm. Paul. Paul Benjamin. Five dollars an hour? I'll take it. You know, health insurance, dental plan, paid vacation. It's not fun being exploited. Workers have to stand up for their rights. Is there a benefits package, or are you hiring me on a freelance basis? What's your offer? It was just a thought. Not a one. I just tell it like it is, mister. If I'm getting on your nerves, though, you might want to think about hiring me. Once you look at it, you're going to want to buy it from me. That's guaranteed. And that's the price: five bucks. So if you're not willing to spring for it, you might as well not bother to look. It'll just tear you up inside and make you miserable. It'll cost you five bucks. I'm working on a sketch. That old garage of yours is so rundown, it's kind of interesting. Just passing through. I'm not going to rob you, mister. Do I look like a thief? It's a free country, isn't it? As long as I'm not trespassing on your property. I can stay here till kingdom come. I don't know. I haven't decided yet. Like it or not, Cyrus, that's my name. Cole. Just like yours. I was going to tell him ... but in my own time. In my own time... . It's all right. I really do know them. Wow. They sure did a job on you. Fuck you, too, you white son-of-a-bitch. I pay Auggie, and I've got nothing. Eight hundred bucks and a ticket to Shit City. I'm not going to do it. What are you talking about? You can't be serious. He was out five thousand bucks, he said.... He kept saying it over and over.... Five thousand bucks down the drain.... He wouldn't stop.... Five thousand bucks, five thousand bucks.... He was like out of his mind with those five thousand bucks.... I suppose so. He never told me about it. The water was dripping, see... I turned it off, but it was still dripping, and then Auggie had to go out, and so I left the back room ... And later on ... well, later on ... when Auggie came back ... the whole place was flooded. His Cuban cigars got all messed up ... You know, soaked through ... just when he was about to sell them ... to these rich guys in suits.... It wasn't my fault. It was more complicated than that. There was a reason. That money is my whole future. No way. There's no way I'm giving that money back. It's my money now. That's it. In a nutshell. Six thousand dollars. Five thousand eight hundred and fourteen dollars, to be exact. That's just it. I didn't think. I just did it. And started to run. Yeah, I picked it up. Not exactly. I mean, there was more to it than I told you. Yeah, it might be. I don't know. Nice try. You had me going for a second, but no ... no writer would ever do a thing like that. Would he? His only copy? Yes, an invitation. I apologize for springing it on you at the last minute, but Mr. Benjamin and I are attending a celebration tonight, and we would be most pleased if you chose to accompany us. Isn't that right, Mr. Benjamin? Excuse me for asking, but you aren't married, are you? Here we are. Rembrandt's drawings. Edward Hopper. Van Gogh's letters. I just did. It's my birthday. I'm seventeen years old as of forty-seven minutes ago, and I think I should celebrate having made it this far. The end. No way. The inspiration. Come on, just a little hint. That's logical. And if you don't sleep, you don't need a bed. Saves you money, too. So what's this story you're working on, anyway? Just so you don't overdo it. You don't want to die of sleep deprivation before you finish. You work too hard, you know that? What time did you get to bed last night? One sip of this stuff and your eyes will blast open. Let's not get too idealistic. That's because we don't belong anywhere. You don't fit into your world, and I don't fit into mine. We're the outcasts of the universe. It might not be far, but it's another galaxy. Black is black and white is white, and never the twain shall meet. The man has friends. And they're not likely to forgive me if I testify against him. You're joking, right? I mean, that's your way of trying to be funny, right? I just happened to be walking by... All of a sudden, the Creeper and this other guy come running out of this check-cashing place with masks on their faces and guns in their hands... They just about ran smack into me. The Creeper recognized me, and I knew he knew I recognized him... If the guy from the check-cashing place hadn't rushed out then screaming bloody murder, he would have shot me. I'm telling you, the Creeper would have shot me right there on the sidewalk. But the noise distracted him, and when he turned around to see what was happening, I took off... One more second, and I would have been dead. I crossed paths with him. That's why I'm trying to stay clear of my neighborhood. To make sure I don't run into him again. Okay, okay. It's all so stupid. There's this guy, see. Charles Clemm. The Creeper, that's what people call him. The kind of guy you don't want to cross paths with. You don't really want to know. I don't have much time. Business appointment. I'm seeing my broker at three o'clock. I bought it. Twenty-nine ninety-five on sale at Goldbaum's TV and Radio. Well, that just about takes care of it, I guess. You'll be able to watch the ball games. You know, as a little break from your work. I don't know. For helping me out. I wanted to give you this as a token of my appreciation. You too. And make sure the light is green before you cross the street. Oh, by the way, I liked your book. I think you're a hell of a good writer. Not a penny, not a stitch. I'm cool, man. Absolutely. The world is my oyster. Whatever that means. You don't have to apologize. The coast is probably clear now anyway. I'm sorry I messed up. You've been very kind to me ... But all good things have to come to an end, right? Two or three nights. Three nights. I didn't ask to come here. You invited me, remember? If you want me to leave, all you have to do is say so. I'm sorry. I'm really sorry... I was trying to reach for one of the books up there ... And then, I don't know, the sky fell on top of me. Twenty dollars is a lot of money. Are you sure you can trust me with it? I mean, aren't you afraid I might steal it? I'm a teenager. All teenagers are clumsy. It's because we're still growing. We don't know where our bodies end and the world begins. I'm sorry. They just... they just slipped out of my hands. Eight-thirty? What time is it? Yeah, sometimes. I like to dabble, too. Drawing's a good thing. He's dead? Is your father an artist? Yeah, I can believe it. Nice drawing. Did you do that? But then you don't get to watch the ball games. You told me you were a Mets fan. This is the first house I've been in without a TV. Same here. But I had a long talk with my accountant this afternoon. You know, to see how a move like this would affect my tax picture, and he said it would be okay. I can take care of myself. Don't worry. Thanks, but I'll manage. People don't do that kind of thing. Not in New York. The material world is an illusion. It doesn't matter if they're there or not. The world is in my head. Yeah, that's right. Here and there. Around. The what. I've kind of run away from home, you see. It has nothing to do with my parents or money. I saw something I wasn't supposed to see, and for the time being it's best that I keep myself out of sight. That's where the what comes in. Of course. Where else? East Seventy-fourth Street. Oh no. Momsie and Popsie have oodles. You don't know me from a hole in the wall. Mostly what. Well, maybe just one. To be polite. Just one bottle. I believe in moderation. I mean breakfast. That's okay. I've already had lunch. Rashid. Rashid Cole. I don't drink coffee. On the other hand, since you insist, if you offered me a cold lemonade. I wouldn't say no. That's all right. If I think of something, I'll send my butler over to tell you. Well, if you put it that way... It's okay, mister. No big deal. I just happened to be there. The right place at the right time. No harm done. Everything's okay now. I've got to be going. Watch out, man. You'll get yourself killed like that. Yes, please. Yes, please. Medium rare, please.Of course there's gonna be a war. You think they'd send five hundred thousand troops over there just to lie in the sun? I mean, there's plenty of beach, but not a hell of a lot of water. Half a million soldiers. It ain't no seaside holiday, you can bet on that. Sure. He's the guy who threw his cloak down over the puddle. They didn't have to do a thing, that's all I'm saying. The team was good, the best fucking team in baseball. But then they had to screw it up. They traded their birthright for a mess of porridge. A mess of porridge. Okay, joke about it. I don't give a shit. Management. Those guys are walking around with their heads up their asses. I'll tell you why they're not going anywhere.I've got to get moving. Terry will bust my chops if I'm late. See you in September, Auggie. Suit yourself. But don't keep the boxes around here long. No thanks. I don't care what you do, but just make sure you don't get caught, okay? The last I heard, it was still illegal to sell Cuban cigars in this country. Speaking of which, are you still going ahead with that deal on the Montecristos? They catch you smoking tobacco, they'll stand you up against a wall and shoot you. I should stop smoking these damn things is what I should do. The fuckers are going to kill me one day. You don't take anything seriously, do you? Lovely. Sounds like another one of your stories to me. Yeah, I know. To that girl who moved to Pittsburgh. Shit. You should have been married to someone by now. You know, settled down somewhere with a kid or two, a nice steady job. It's pretty crazy, don't you think? I mean, a smart guy like you. What do you want to hang on to a dead-end job like this for? How long you been working for me, Auggie? Okay. I think everything's set. You've got the number for Cape Cod, right? Just in case something goes wrong.Thanks. I knew you'd understand. It's simpler, that's what. It makes things go faster. Next time, when you want two corned beef sandwiches, say, "Two corned beef sandwiches." When you want two ginger ales, say, "Two ginger ales." Do me a favor, will you? What about for you? And what about for you? What'll it be, Auggie?What does that mean? Thanks for the tip. The refrigerator? I think I'll take them. And these? And these? And how much are these?