There's more. A boy came across a body on the beach this morning. Thrown clear when the boat burned. Shot once in the head. Two guys from the F.B.I. just identified him. + Bear with me here... They tell me you got the cripple from New York in there. He mention Keyser Soze He didn't know. No one doing the deal knew except a few key people. This guy says they were real hush about it. Whatever it was it was highly sensitive. We know, but our man says no way on the dope. This Hungarian tells me the whole bunch was pulling stumps for Turkey the next' day. They had no time to negotiate that kind of product and no means to move it. You can stop looking. There was no coke. I've been in L.A. county with a guy they I've been looking all over for you. You still after the coke that walked out of that blood bath in the harbor?He says the hair is longer and lighter. &lt;&lt;Are you sure?&gt;&gt; + The nose is sharper. Smaller too. + &lt;&lt;And what about the hair? You said something earlier about it.&gt;&gt; He says he knows his face. He sees it when he closes his eyes. No good. He needs guarantees. He says... his life is in danger... He has seen the Devil... looked him in the eye. Not dope. Something else. Some what?.. He doesn't knob what they were buying. But not dope... people. He says they were buying It doesn't make sense. I'm sorry, I'm a little rusty. They were there to buy something.I don't know. This is bad. Yeah. He said he did jobs for him. Indirect stuff. Always five times more money than the job was worth. I don't know. Who was that guy that used to talk about Soze in New York? Fuck you. I'11 never shit right again. So who did it? Own up. I had a guy's fingers in my asshole tonight. So why the hell was I hauled in and cavity searched tonight? Forget him. It's not important. I was trying to make a point. I'd say you've gotten on his main and central nerve, McManus. The way I hear it, Soze is some kind of butcher. No pity. Everybody I ever worked with, did time with. RIGHT THERE. FREEZE. Then who goes? Why you gotta go and do that? I'm trying to make a point. You're fuckin' A right, no P.C. Well screw P.C. No right. No goddamn right. You do some time, they never let you go. Treat me like a criminal, I'll end up a criminal.It's bullshit. This guy could be L.A.P.D. I think it's a setup. They fucking know everything. DON'T MOVE, YOU FUCKERS. We all go. How about it, Keaton? I'm sure you can understand my hesitation. You are a criminal. Can we stealth these guys? Keaton, we gotta go. They're gonna find him. What do you care what he says? How do I know that? How about it, pretzel-man? What's your story? The word I got is you hung up your spurs, man. What's that all about? If I'm going in, I want a stake. Me too. I can run. I got no problem with that. Yeah, I was gonna tell you to shut up. I know you. You don't think I know you're on the take. This whole fucking precinct is dirty. You don't have a fucking leg to stand on.Edie, please. That's enough, Edie. Alright. They ruined me tonight. They'll never stop. No. It's never going to stop, period. It won't take more than a week before every investor in this city is walking away from us. It's finished. I'm finished. Time for what, Edie? Time to look into me a little more, that's what. No matter how well you cover my tracks now, they'll find out who I am. Goddamnit. Edie, please. I don't want to hear this right now. What did Renault and Fortier say? Just forget about it. I'm having a stroke. Come on. The guy is a pipe dream. This Kobayashi is using him for window dressing . This is not right. I don't want to know. It was the Feds. A truck load of guns gets snagged, Customs comes down on N.Y.P.D. for some answers - they come up with us. They're grabbing at straws. It's politics - nothing you can do. How many times have you been in a line- up? It's always you and four dummies. The P.D. pays homeless guys ten bucks a head half the time. No way they'd line five felons in the same row. No way. And what the hell is a voice line-.up? A public defender could get you off of that. This whole thing was a shakedown. Do your friend a favor, Fenster, keep him quiet . Doubtful. With all that coke, they'll be ready - which brings me to sunny spot number two. Even if one of us gets through and jacks the boat, we get nothing. It's a logistical nightmare. Close quarters, no advance layout, ten men, maybe twenty. Dig. Why don't you just calm down' His name is Verbal Kint. I thought you guys knew him. He's alright. You heard right. Just do what I tell you. I want you to find Edie. Both of you find some place safe. Tell her what happened - Everything. She knows people. She'll know what to do. If we can't get Kobayashi my way, she'll get him her way. Russian, I think. I don't know. What is this? Something - I don't know. I ever tell you about the restaurant I wanted to open? We'll make it. We'll make it. No killing? Three million? Fenster and Hockney? How are they going to do it? Well, I'm sorry. You okay? You watch your mouth. Tough break. What's with you? What do you care whether I come or not? Never heard of him. What fence? Who? They - That's bullshit. They don't operate anymore. Hurt you, you sonofabitch? I could kill you. Get out. I did you a favor by standing up for you last night, but don't think we're friends. I'm sorry, but I have other things - What the hell do you want? Verb - Roger, this is Edie Finneran. Edie, this is Roger Kint, he was at You were waiting for a line-up then, too. What happened with that? We've met once or twice. Last time was in... Hey, that was your mistake, not mine. Did you ever think to ask me? I've been with what? Let's say for example - What time is it? I'd have to say my spine was broken, Keyser. You're lying. What did you say? We'll see. Neither do we. We know you can get to us, and now you know we can get to you. I'm offering you the chance to call this off. Listen to me, cocksucker. There is no Keyser Sate. If you say his name again, I'11 kill you right here. The answer is no. What about Redfoot? You set up the line-up. Don't jerk me off. We all know what this is. You don't work with me if I work with you without knowing who I'm working for. Now let's cut the shit. Who's the man? Who's your boss? Tell him we'll meet. We want to meet him. Who is he? You didn't know. A little of both. Better you hear it from me now than somebody else later. I shivved him. A friend of mine in New York tells me you knew Spook Hollis. We're on vacation.Am I? 92 92 INT. HALLWAY - FIFTIETH FLOOR No matter. Kill away, Mr. McManus. Edie Finneran. She is upstairs in my office for an extradition deposition. I requested she be put on the case personally. She flew out yesterday. I am sorry, Mr. McManus. f implore you to believe me, Mr. Keaton. Mr. Soze is very real and very + determined. Mr. So- My employer has made up his mind. He does not change it. Ahh, Mr. Hockney. Do join us. A strange threat. I can only assume you're here to kill me anyway. Pity about Mr. Redfoot. Mr. Soze will be most - Mr. Redfoot knew nothing. Mr. Soze rarely t works with the same people for very long, and they never know who they're working for. One cannot be betrayed if one has no people. Mr. Soze made a few calls, yes. You were not to be released until I came to see you. It seems Mr. Keaton's attorney, Ms. Finneran, was a bit too effective in expediting his release. Holding the rest of you became a moot point. I work for Keyser Sate. My employer wishes to remain anonymous. My employer requires your services. One job. One day's work. Very dangerous. I don't expect all of you to live, but those who do will have ninety-one million dollars to divide any way they see fit.Keyser Soze And ? Who ? I don't get it. What was the money for? There was ninety-one million - Yeah. Jack. What are you doing here? Nothing. Something I - forget it. A rumor is not a rumor that doesn't die. I'11 find him. No matter. He'll have to know how close we came. I know what I wanted to know about Keaton. Someplace else, then. I want to see him. When does he post bail? What'the fuck is that? Did they charge him with anything? What do you mean I can't see him? Kobayashi. I don't think he does. Not exactly, but there's a lot more to his story. I want to know why twenty-seven men died on that pier for what looks to be ninety-one million dollars worth of dope that wasn't there. Above all, I want to be sure that Dean Keaton is dead. You know damn well what I think. If it was a dope deal, where's the dope, if it was a hit, who called it in? This won't be an' interrogation, just a... friendly chat to kill time. Where are you going to go, Verbal? You gonna run? Turn states evidence. You might never see trial. If somebody wants to get you, you know They'll get you out there. You posted twenty minutes ago. Captain Leo wants you out of here a.s.a.p., unless you turn state's. Is he Keyser Soze I don't know, Verbal. It seems to me that Keyser Sate is a shield. Like you said, a spook story, but I know Keaton - and someone out there is pulling strings for you. Stay here and let us protect you. You're not safe on your own. Why lie about everything else, then? If he's dead, Verbal - if what you say is true, then it won't matter. It was his idea to hit the Taxi Service in New York, wasn't it? Tell me the truth. He programmed you to tell us just what he wanted you to. Customs has been He left you to stay behind and tell us he was dead. You saw him die, right? Or did you? You had to hide when the first police cars showed up. You heard the shot, just before the fire but you didn't see him die. He used all of you to get him on that boat. He couldn't get on alone and he had to pull the trigger himself to make sure he got his man. The one man that could identify him. THE KIND OF MAN THAT COULD HAVE KILLED EDIE FINNERAN. Keaton was Keyser Soze No, Verbal. You weren't friends. Keaton didn't have friends. He saved you because he wanted it that way. It was his will. I don't buy that reform story for a minute. And even if I did, I certainly don't believe he would send you to protect her. So why? Why did he want you to live? A one-time dirty cop without a loyalty in the world finds it in his heart to save a worthless rat-cripple? No, sir. Why' Verbal, he left you behind for a reason. If you all knew Soze could find you anywhere, why was he ready to send you off with the money when he could have used you to take the boat? There were no drugs on that boat. It was a hit. A suicide mission to whack out the one man that could finger Keyser Soze so Sate had a few thieves put to it. Men he knew he could march into certain death. But Keaton had. Edie Finneran was his extradition advisor. She knew who he was and what he knew. His own people were selling him to a gang of Hungarians. Most likely the same Hungarians that Sate all but wiped out back in Turkey. The money wasn't there for dope. The Hungarians were going to buy the one guy that could finger Soze for them. He was a stool pigeon for the Justice Department. He swore out a statement to Federal Marshals that he had seen and could positively identify one Keyser Soze and had intimate knowledge of his business, including, but not exclusive to, drug trafficking and murder. But Keaton... Then why didn't you help him? YOU KNOW. YOU'VE KNOWN THIS WHOLE FUCKING TIME. GIVE IT TO ME. TRY TO REEF LYING TO ME NOW. I KNOW EVERYTHING . YES YOU DO. YOU KNOW WHAT I'M GETTING AT. THE TRUTH. TRY TO TELL ME YOU DIDN'T KNOW. TRY TO TELL ME YOU SAW SOMEONE KILL KEATON . Don't shine me, Verbal. No more stalling. You know what I'm getting at. I don't have a minute. Are you saying it was Keyser Soze? You told the D.A. you didn't know who it was. A man in a suit with a slim build. Tall. Why didn't you say anything? What call? Then what? What happened? You're stalling, Verbal. Can we just get back to Kobayashi? This is totally irrelevant. So why play into his hands? We can protect you. If there is a Keyser Soze he'll be looking for you. Turn state's evidence. Take the stand on this and we'll hear it out. And this is why you never told the D.A. Do you believe in him, Verbal? And why leave this out when you talked to the D.A.? Came from Redfoot. So this lawyer... Convince me. Tell me every last detail. 52 SCENE DELETED 52 53 INT. HOSPITAL - DAY 53 + Kovash's room is now filled with people. Jack Baer stands next to DANIEL METZHEISER, a balding man in his forties. Next to him is Doctor Plumber. Across from her is Ridgly Waiters. Is he the one that killed Keaton? NOT FROM ME, YOU PIECE OF SHIT. THERE IS NO IMMUNITY FROM ME. You atone with me or the world you live in becomes the hell you fear in the back of your tiny mind. Every criminal I have put in prison, You think I don't know you held out on the D.A.? What did you leave out of that testimony? I can be on the phone to Ruby Deemer in ten minutes. What lawyer? I don't think you do. But you say you saw Keaton die. I think you're covering his ass and he's still out there somewhere. I think he was behind that whole circus in the harbor. My bet is he's using you because you're stupid and you think he's your friend. You tell me he's dead, so be it. I want to make sure he's dead before I go back to New York. Do I? Keaton was under indictment a total + of seven times when he was on the force. + In every case, witnesses either reversed + their testimony to the grand jury or died + before they could testify. When they t finally did nail him for fraud, he spent + five years in Sing Sing. He killed three prisoners inside - one with a knife in the tailbone while he strangled him to death. Of course I can't prove this but I can't prove the best part either. Let me tell you something. I know Dean Keaton. I've been investigating him for three years. The guy I know is a cold- + blooded bastard. L.A.P.D. indicted him on three counts of murder before he was kicked off the force, so don't sell me the hooker with the heart of gold. + Come on. Keaton was a cop for four years. Who else would know the Taxi Service Sure. And I'm supposed to believe that hitting the Taxi Service wasn't his idea Oh come on, Verbal. Who do you think you're talking to? You really expect me to believe he retired? For a woman? Bullshit. He was using her. Heartwarming. Really, I feel weepy. I'11 get right to the point. I'm smarter than you. I'11 find out what I want to know and I'11 get it from you whether you like it or not. The first thing I learned on the job, know what it was? How to spot a murderer. Let's say you arrest three guys for the same killing. Put them all in jail overnight. The next morning, whoever is sleeping is your man. If you're guilty, you know you're caught, you get some rest - let your guard down, you follow? I'11 be sure to mention that to him. I know Ruby. He's very big on respect. Likes me very much. You know Ruby is in Attica? You know a dealer named Ruby Deemer, Verbal? Oh, I know. Sweet deal you have. Total immunity . According to your statement you are a short-con operator. Run of the mill seams. Everything you do, you learned from somebody else. I just want to hear your story. Keaton was a piece of shit. He was a corrupt cop, Verbal. I know you liked Keaton I know you think he was a good man. Verbal, I know you know something. I know you're not telling us everything. Verbal, you know we're trying to help you.What? Waste of time. Keyser Sate or not, if Keaton's alive he'll never come up again. Which is shit. Where? He won't go into the interrogation room. Two hours, tops. Weapons. Misdemeanor two. The D.A. came down here last night ready to arraign before they even moved him to county. Kint's lawyer comes in and five minutes later, the D.A. comes out looking like he'd been bitch-slapped by the boogey man. They took his statement and cut him a deal.His name was Arturo Marquez. A petty smuggler out of Argentina. He was arrested in New York last year for trafficking. He escaped to California and got picked up in Long Beach. They were setting up his extradition when he escaped again. Get this - Edie Finneran was called in to advise the proceedings. That's crazy, Dave and it doesn't matter. He has total immunity and his story checks out. He doesn't know what you want to know. And I am sure you have a host of wild + theories to answer these questions. No, no, no, no, no. Even if I was to let you talk to him, he won't talk to you. He's paranoid about being recorded and he knows the interrogation rooms are wiredHe wants to meet you. He called last night and asked me to set it up. What do I tell him' Some Limey. He's a middle-man for somebody. He doesn't say and I don't ask. The job got thrown to me by this lawyer. Get a grip. I didn't know. Ain't it a crime? Call if you're interested. Business or personal? I hear you did time with old Spook. Yeah, he was a good egg. I used to run a lot of dope for him. Fuckin' shame he got shivved. Take your time. Enjoy L.A. I've got a ton of work and no good people.Umm ... A glass of water would be nice. I hope I didn't disturb you. Did you hear what he just said? What are we gonna do? Roger really. People say I talk too much. Hockney was just a bad bastard. Good with explosives. Mean as a snake when it mattered . What if I Keaton, I can't just - Hungarian? What-are they speaking? Who's Keyser Soze? What is it Keaton? Don't do this. Send her a card - something. Not if we do it my way. Maybe more. They're pretty pissed off. They'll do anything. Now I got a way to do it without killing anyone: but like I said, they won't let me in without you. McManus wants to go in shooting. I said no way. Forget it. I'11 probably shit blood tonight. I'11 be alright. I was out of line. Okay, okay. You say it's the real thing? That's cool. Don't tell me you don't need this. Is this your place? They - They don't know me. You do. They won't take me unless you go. Look at me. I need this. You have to come. Some guy in California. His name is Redfoot. McManus has a friend in the Fourteenth Precinct. They're coming out for one job - Thursday. They're picking up a guy smuggling emeralds out of South America. Fenster and McManus have a fence set to take the stuff. Don't hurt me. If you'll just let me - They're gonna do a job. Three million dollars, maybe more. I wanted to talk to you. The other guys - How do you do? I walked. Ninety days, suspended. County. I was in for fraud. Maybe so, but I'm no rat, Agent Kujan. You tricked me, that's all. I won't keep my mouth shut 'cause I'm scared. I'11 keep it shut 'cause I let Keaton down by getting caught - Edie Finneran too. And if they kill me, it's I'11 take my chances, thank you. It's tougher to buy the cheapest bag-man than it is to buy a cop. I'm not bait. No way. I post today. You think he's..? You know what it's like, Agent Kujan, to know you'll never be good? Not good like you. You got good all fucked around. I mean a stand up guy. I grew up knowing I was never going to be good at anything 'cause I was a cripple. Shit, I wasn't I didn't know. I saw him die. I believe he's dead. Christ It was all Keaton. We followed him from the beginning. I knew him. He would never - This is all bullshit. Edie... NO, NO, NO, NO, NO. NO. No... Because he was my friend. Edie. He wanted me to live. But how - wait. You're saying SOZE sent t us to kill someone? I don't I said I never heard of him. I never heard of him. It was Keyser Soze, Agent Kujan. I mean the Devil himself. How do you shoot the Devil in the back? I WAS AFRAID, OKAY? Somehow, I was sure it was Keyser Soze at that point. I couldn't bring myself to raise my gun to him. I don't understand what you're saying. I saw Keaton get shot, I swear to you. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't. Wait a minute. I tried, believe me, but Keaton wouldn't have it. It was too far-fetched for him. Keaton was a grounded guy. An ex-cop. To a cop, the explanation is never that complicated. It's always simple. There's I wanted to. I thought we could make it. Kobayashi told us where we could find Fenster. McManus was furious. He was talking about tracking him down and ripping his heart out and all sorts of shit. That night we got the call. Give a guy a break, huh? The quartet is part of the bit about Kobayashi. The quartet was in my file, along with every other thing I had done since high school, see? Aliases, middle- men. They knew me better than I did. They knew all of us. Oh, but it's not. If I hadn't been nailed in Illinois for running a three card monte in between sets, I never would have took off for New York. I never would have met Keaton, see. That barber shop quartet was the reason for everything. That was how I ended up in a barber shop quartet in Skokie, Illinois. Gee, thanks, Dave. Bang-up job so far. Extortion, coercion. You'll pardon me if I ask you to kiss my pucker. The same fuckers that rounded us up and sank us into this mess are telling me They'll bail me out? Fuck you. You think you can catch Keyser Soze? You think a guy like that comes this close to getting fingered and sticks his head out? If he comes up for anything, it will be to get rid of me. After that, my guess is you'll never hear from him again. Where's your head, Agent Kujan? Where do you think the pressure's coming from? Keyser Soze - or whatever you want to call him - knows where I am right now. He's got the front burner under' your ass to let me go so he can scoop me up ten minutes later. Immunity was just to deal with you assholes. I got a whole new problem when I post bail. I've got immunity now. What can you possibly offer me? You tell me, Agent Kujan. If I told you the Loch Ness Monster hired me to hit the harbor, what would you say? I came clean. I told it like it happened on the boat. So what if I left out how I got there? It's got so many holes in it, the D.A. would've told me to blow amnesty out my ass. So you got what you wanted out of me. Big fucking deal. Keaton always said: &quot;I don't believe in God, but I'm afraid of him.&quot; Well I believe in God, and the only thing that scares me is Keyser SOZE. Right. Kobayashi. No. But I'm sure Keaton's dead. There was a lawyer. Kobayashi. The D.A. gave me immunity. He wasn't behind anything. It was the lawyer. I don't know about that. You got him wrong. You keep trying to lay this whole ride on t Keaton. It wasn't like that. Sure he knew, but Edie had him all turned around. r I'm telling you straight, I swear. + That was all Fenster and McManus. He loved her. You wanted to know what happened after the line-up, I'm telling you. I'm not a rat. No. There's nothing in there about Ruby. He didn't have my lawyer. You know a religious guy named John Paul? Well I do have the weapons charge. I'm looking at six whole months hard time. That's been suppressed. Anything in there is inadmissible. You trying to get a rise out of me, Agent Kujan? Sure. Fifteen years ago, but he was a good thief Anyway, the cops wouldn't let him go legit. I know he was good. I told the D.A. everything I know. Sure. And I appreciate that. And I want to help you, Agent Kujan. I like cops. I would have liked to have been a Fed myself but my C.P. was -You know damn well, dead-man. This I had to see myself. Ready? How are you, Keaton?Counselor, you're bluffing. Shall I push for misdemeanor two? Weapons. Misdemeanor one. Mr. Kint will plead guilty to weapons possession. Then prosecute. I will be very impressed to see if the District Attorney manages to bring in twenty-seven simultaneous counts of murder against one man with cerebral palsy. I would think a man with your job would agree with these alleged &quot;faceless people in City Hall&quot; you mention. Immunity. No provisions, nothing. My clients testimony for his immunity. My client offers his full cooperation in these proceedings. In exchange, his testimony is to be sealed and all matters incriminating to himself are to be rendered inadmissible.Counselor, you're insulting me. You're joking. I'11 take my chances then. I'11 feel safer without a job if a man like Mr. Kint is behind bars. Counselor, I will prosecute your client. May-I be frank, Counselor? I suspect your political power as much as I respect it. I don't know why Mr. Kint has so many faceless allies in City Hall, and I don't care. The embarrassment he helped cause the city of New York will not happen here. The district attorney's office will comply provided -