Wow, a guy in a Chevy is chasing her and some other guy I can't see. What's she doing? What are you going to do with us? I told you that fuckhead Mason would get us into something like this.So that...??? And your only goal is...??? Meaning...??? And it appeared sequentially after that in...? Let's consider again our current information -- if the symptoms were first detected in Philadelphia on June 28, 1995, that makes us know that...? Forced you! Why would someone force you to take drugs? It's important to observe everything.I understand. There'd be no point. Well, sir, I don't think the human mind was built to exist in two different... whatever you call it..."dimensions." It's stressful, you said it yourselves, it gets you confused. You don't know what's real and what's not. No, sir! I just want to do my part. To get us back on top...in charge of the planet. And I have the experience, I know who the people are... I DON'T WANT YOUR "WOMEN," YOU BRAINLESS TWIT! I WANT TO BE WELL! Uh, I think so. In the mental hospital. Uh, what? No, sir! Uh, I didn't hear the... I went to the surface and I collected specimens like I was told. Uh, so that a vaccine can be developed that will, uh, allow mankind to reclaim the surface of the earth. To find out where the virus is so a qualified scientist can travel back into the past and study the original virus. That the virus was taken from Philadelphia to San Francisco, then to New Orleans, Rio de Janeiro, Rome, Kinshasa, Karachi, Bangkok, then Peking. San Francisco, New Orleans, Rio de Janeiro, Rome, Kinshasa, Karachi, Bangkok, then Peking. It was released in Philadelphia, probably on June 14, 1995. I got into trouble. I got arrested. But I still got you a specimen -- a spider -- but I didn't have anyplace to put it, so I ate it. It was the wrong year anyway, so I guess it doesn't matter. They forced me to take drugs. I think it was...I'm sure it was 2nd Street. Right! You're right. I have to fix this. I was here...as a kid. I think you were here, too. But you...looked just like you look now. I know this place! ... This is my dream. On the walls -- they meant the animals when they said, "We did it." I mean in my dream -- I didn't realize it was you. Then...I woke up and I...I thought you were gone. You were in my dream just now. I didn't recognize you. But maybe I'm wrong. Maybe you're wrong. Maybe we're both crazy. Why are we doing this? Flowers! What flowers? I have seen it, but I don't remember this part. Funny, it's like what's happening to us, like the past. The movie never changes -- it can't change -- but everytime you see it, it seems to be different because you're different -- you notice different things. I think I've seen this movie before. When I was a kid. It was on TV. They got your message, Kathryn. They played it for me. It was a bad recording...distorted. I didn't recognize your voice. You... you left them a message? A Carpet Cleaning Company? You want me to rob him? I want to be here. In this time. With you. I want to become...become a whole person. I want this to be the present. I want the future to be unknown. You said I had delusions -- that I created a world -- you said you could explain everything... ...I had a dream about...something like that. I think I saw a TV show like that when I was a kid. Where a boy... It was? I didn't...know. I don't know -- I don't remember. No, not really. It's...it's in my mind. Like you said. I thought I was in...prison again. You mean, treat me? Cure me? Kathryn, those words on the wall -- I've seen them before... I...I...dreamed them. I don't understand what we're doing. No, I want to turn myself in. Where is he? Don't worry -- it's all okay now. I'm not crazy any more! I mean, I am crazy, mentally divergent, actually, but I know it now and I want you to help me. I want to get well... No gun! Stars! Air! I can live here. Breathe! The gun! ... I lost it It would be great if I'm crazy. If I'm wrong about everything...the world will be okay. I'll never have to live underground. I need help all right. They're coming after me. I'm..."mentally divergent". I would love to believe that. Jeffrey Mason said it was my idea about the virus. And suddenly, I wasn't sure. We talked when I was in the institution, and it was all...fuzzy. The drugs and stuff. You think maybe I'm the one who wiped out the human race? It was my idea? Yeah, sort of, I guess. I...I'm sorry I locked you up. I thought...I thought... I think maybe I am crazy! No! I...don't think so. I stole a car and they chased me. I hit a tree. You smell so good. That has your name on it. Give him cash. You were going to run out off gas on purpose, weren't you? It was some kind of...war. Never mind, you wouldn't believe me. Turn off here. I got shot. Look -- there's a gas station up ahead. I said I was too young to drive. I didn't say I was stupid. We need gas. The guy was a total fruitcake. All I see are dead people. Everywhere. What's three more? Mason??? Lock it now! I told you what I want. Lock the door! I've got one now. I did him a favor. Now come on. Are you hurt? The man...with the voice. I recognized him. He's from the present. He... They're keeping an eye on me. Look, I'm warning you. You do anything, I'm going to go crazy -- hurt people! Nevermind. It's not real -- it's a hoax. A prank. He's hiding in a barn. Hey, turn left here. Left! When I was a kid I identified with that kid, down there alone in that pipe...a hundred feet down -- doesn't know if they're going to save him. I just have to locate the virus in its original form before it mutates. So scientists can come back and study it and find a cure. So that those of us who survived can go back to the surface of the earth. A secret army. The Army of The Twelve Monkeys. I've told you about them. They spread the virus. That's why we have to get to Philadelphia. I have to find them -- it's my assignment. My notes. Observations. Clues. No, I think it was always you. It's very strange. You were very upset. You're always very upset in the dream, but I never knew it was you before. About an airport...before everything happened. It's the same dream I always have -- the only one. I'm a little kid in it. You were in my dream just now. Your hair was different, but I'm sure it was you. Ohhhh, that one! Can we hear that one? Something bad. Is that all the music? I don't want to hear this stuff... My father told me that. "Never cry wolf." Then people won't believe you if...something really happens. "Never cry wolf!" Everybody's got a gun. In this city... You used to call me "James". It's the next step. I checked out the Baltimore information, it was nothing. It's Philadelphia, that's where they are, the ones who killed everyone. Zs that a radio? Does it play music? You told me you'd help me. I know this isn't what you meant, but...I was desperate... no money...bum leg... sleeping on the streets. I probably smell bad. Sorry about that. But then I saw your book in a store window with a notice about your lecture. I can read, remember? 1989. Six years for you. There's the sign! Right here! No more drugs. Please... Wait! This is only 1989! I'm supposed to be leaving messages in 1995. It's not the right number yet. That's the problem. Damn! How can I contact them? What? No. That's the reason they chose me -- I remember things. It was some lady. She didn't know anything. No, 1995 is the past. 1995? What year is it? July?! This is April, right? I have to go. It's so clean. No germs. I love this air. This is wonderful air. Underground. I have to go. You wouldn't understand. No. They wanted identification. I don't have any identification. I wasn't trying to hurt them. Because I'm a good observer. Because I have a tough mind. I need to go. It won't help you. You can't do anything about it. You can't change anything. No, not possible. Listen, I have to get out of here. I'm supposed to be getting information. "James"! Nobody ever calls me that. I need to go now. No, no. I can't talk to them. It's called, "voice mail". I'm supposed to leave messages. They monitor it from the present. Scientists. I'm supposed to report in to them. They'll want to know they sent me to the wrong time. No! Look, I don't belong here! What I need to do is make a telephone call to straighten everything out. Listen, you dumb fuck! The thing mutates We live underground! The world belongs to the fucking dogs and cats. We're like moles or worms. All we want to do is study the original... Bulishit! You're fucking with my head! Plan? What are you talking about? I don't have time to go upstairs. The police are looking for me. I need to know where it is and exactly what it is. I just need to have access to the pure virus, that's all! For the future! Listen to me -- I can't do anything about what you're going to do. I can't change anything. I can't stop you. I just want some information... Monkeys. Twelve of them. I'm here about some monkeys. You do know me. You helped me once. What...??? What....??? It's private. What are you talking about??? Look at those assholes, they're asking for it! Maybe people deserved to be wiped out! They hurt you! What's that mean? If you know how to escape, why don't you...? I'm not crazy. Germs?! I need to make a telephone call. Who am I supposed to shoot? It's about obeying, about doing what you're told. This part isn't about the virus, is it? The call I just made? Five minutes ago? How did you find me? Jo...Jose???? JOSE! Yes, sir. I couldn't call! You sent me to the wrong year! It was 1989. Uh, that message...me? Well, the guard woke me up. He told me I volunteered. I mashed the spider, didn't I?So you could talk to these scientists and they do what? Send you to the future? Who would you call, Mr. Cole, who would straighten everything out? Does this bother you, Mr. Cole? Kathryn, you know he can't possibly know that. You're a rational person. You're a trained psychiatrist. You know the difference between what's real and what's not. He kidnapped you, Kathryn. You saw him murder someone. You knew there was a real possibility he would kill you, too. You were under tremendous emotional stress. Then are you trying to tell me that a fully sedated, fully restrained patient somehow slipped out that vent, replaced the grill behind him and that he's wriggling through the ventilation system right now? You see what I mean? You're being defensive. Isn't she being defensive, Bob? Two policemen were already in the hospital and now we have an orderly with a broken arm and a Security Officer with a fractured skull. He should have been in restraints. It was bad judgment on your part, plain and simple. why not just cop to it? Don't be defensive, Kathryn, this isn't an inquisition.Please tell me, Jeffrey, what exactly are you going to do? I don't have to tell you I'm afraid. You're insane, Jeffrey. She knew about it, Jeffrey. She knew you were going to try this.This is it, James...what you've been working for. You're still a little... disoriented. He's drugged out of his mind! He's completely zoned out. We want tough minded people. Strong mentally. We've had some...misfortunes with "unstable" types. You don't want to jeopardize that reduction, do you, Cole? Have it taken away?Hey, no problem, it's probably just another kidnapping featuring Jeffrey's shrink, pardon me, make that ex-shrink. This is your leader, a certifiable lunatic who told his former psychiatrist all his plans for God knows what whacko irresponsible schemes, and now who knows what she's painted out there on our wall? She's drawing attention to us, that's what she's doing. ... I don't know what you're up to this time, Mason, but you're gonna get us in deep shit! It's the kidnap woman -- the one who was with the guy who tied us up. That's him. Shut up! Then how come she knows what's going on? That woman is...was...your... psychiatrist? And now she's spray- painting our building? Your psychiatrist? Did you just say, "your psychiatrist"? No! Absolutely not. Don't tell me anything. One dozen bolt cutters! Whadda you gonna do with one dozen bolt cutters?I'll be right here...just in case. James Cole. That's everything we got. None of the James Coles on the computer match him. No license, no prints, no warrants. Nothing. You want me to go in with you? You want to go in? Examine him? Were you listening? We got two officers in the hospital. Yeah, he's in restraints, plus the medic gave him enough stellazine to kill a horse. Look at him! Still on his feet. Negative for drugs. But he took on five cops like he was dusted to the eyeballs. No drugs. You believe that? -- so they get there and they ask the guy real nice for some kind of i.d., and he gets agitated, starts screaming about viruses. Totally irrational, totally disoriented, doesn't know where he is, what day it is, alla that stuff. All they got was his name. They figure he's stoned out of his mind, it's some kinda psychotic episode, so they're gonna bring him...And that's when I told you my father was this famous virologist and you said, "Hey, he could make a germ and we could steal it!" Remember? We were in the dayroom, watching TV, and you were all upset about the...desecration of the planet. And you said to me, "Wouldn't it be great if there was a germ or a virus that could wipe out mankind and leave the plants and animals just as they are?" You do remember that, don't you? I get it! This is your old plan, right? We need to talk. Come on. Upstairs. I am a new person! I'm completely adjusted. Witness the tux. It's Armani. Who chattered? Goines? Weller? County Hospital, right? 1989. The "Immaculate Escape" -- am I right? Why, thank you -- you look wonderful, too. Excuse me -- what did you say? That would be totally out of character. Helping people is against my principles. See, he definitely doesn't know me. Now, I'm going to go back and listen to my father's very eloquent discourse on the perils of science WHILE YOU TORTURE THIS INTRUDER TO DEATH. Never saw him before in my life. Go ahead and shoot him or torture him or whatever it is you do. Not, "what", babe! When! Wooooo, they really dosed you, bro. Major load! Listen up -- try and get it together. Focus! Focus! The plan! Remember? I did my part. A lawsuit? You going to sue them? What're you writing? You a reporter? You know -- your plan. Wiping cut the human race! That's a great idea! But it's more of a long term thing -- right now we have to focus on more immediate goals. I didn't say a word about "you know what". Not as bad as what they're doing to kitty. I've managed to contact certain underlings, evil spirits, secretaries of secretaries, and assorted minions, who will contact my father. When he learns I'm in this kind of place, he'll have them transfer me to one of those classy joints where they treat you...properly. LIKE A GUEST! LIKE A PERSON! SHEETS! TOWELS! LIKE A BIG HOTEL WITH GREAT DRUGS FOR THE NUT CASE LUNATIC MANIAC DEVILS... Why don't I escape, that's what you were going to ask me, right? 'Cause I'd be crazy to escape! I'm all taken care of, see? I've sent out word. Of course not, I never thought you were. You want to escape, right? That's very sane. I can help you. You want me to, don't you? Get you out? "What about the germs?" I say. He goes, "I don't believe in germs. Germs are just a plot they made up so they can sell you disinfectants and soap!" Now, he's crazy, right? Hey, you believe in germs, don't you? In the 18th century there was no such thing! Nobody'd ever imagined such a thing -- no sane person anyway. Along comes this doctor...Semmelweiss, I think. He tries to convince people... other doctors mostly...that there are these teeny tiny invisible "bad things" called germs that get into your body and make you...sick! He's trying to get doctors to wash their hands. What is this guy...crazy? Teeny tiny invisible whaddayou call 'em?..."germs"! A telephone call? That's communication with the outside world! Doctor's discretion. Hey, if alla these nuts could just make phone calls, it could spread. Insanity oozing through telephone cables, oozing into the ears of all those poor sane people, infecting them! Whackos everywhere! A plague of madness. In fact, very few of us here are actually mentally ill. I'm not saying you're not mentally ill, for all I know you're crazy as a loon. But that's not why you're here. Why you're here is because of the system, because of the economy. There's the TV. It's all right there. Commercials. We are not productive anymore, they don't need us to make things anymore, it's all automated. What are we for then? We're consumers. Okay, buy a lot of stuff, you're a good citizen. But if you don't buy a lot of stuff, you know what? You're mentally ill! That's a fact! If you don't buy things...toilet paper, new cars, computerized blenders, electrically operated sexual devices... SCREWDRIVERS WITH MINIATURE BUILT-IN RADAR DEVICES, STEREO SYSTEMS WITH BRAIN IMPLANTED HEADPHONES, VOICE- ACTIVATED COMPUTERS, AND... What'd they give you? Thorazine? How much? Learn your drugs -- know your doses. THIS IS A FUCKING EXPERIMENT! YOU'RE OUR HELPLESS LITTLE TEST ANIMAL, DADDY. GOT THAT? NOW -- WHAT FUCKING VIRUS HAVE YOU COME UP WITH, YOU DEMENTED FUCKING MANIAC? You "develop" viruses and you're calling me insane? Typical. What does this virus attack? Don't tell me, you sick fuck, it doesn't matter. Have I ever "developed" a virus? Do I put helpless animals in cages and measure their reactions to electrical stimuli? Do I inject radioactive substances into living creatures and examine their bowel movements? Wow! And I'm crazy! What virus are we talking about, Dad? What...virus? WHO CARES WHAT PSYCHIATRISTS WRITE ON WALLS? You think I told her about the Army of the 12 Monkeys? Impossible! Know why, you pathetically ineffectual and pusillanimous "pretend-friend-to- animals"?! I'll tell you why: because when I had anything to do with her six years ago, there was no such thing -- I hadn't even thought of it yet! Ex-psychiatrist! Now, what about flashlights? How many flashlights...? WHY DON'T WE FORGET MY GODDAMN PSYCHIATRIST AND DEAL WITH THE TASK AT HAND. THIS IS IMPORTANT. You really want to know?They gave you a pardon, man. Whatdaya want? Hey, man... Hey, five minutes ago, thirty years ago! Yes, that phone call. I been in training for this a couple a months now -- ever since I got back from that... "weird" war we were in. You remember that? Here, take it, man! You could still be a hero if you'd cooperate! The phone call, man. The phone call. Me? Are you kiddin? You're the one! You were a hero, man. They gave you a pardon! And whadda you do? You come back and fuck with your teeth! Wow! Pulling out the tooth, man, that was nuts! Here, take this. Cole! Oh, God, Cole, where are we?But you know what's real now? It's a digital reconstruction of a message, Cole, from a weak signal on our contact number. Did you make that call? I asked you, why did you volunteer? We'll get to the spider later, Mr. Cole. Right now, we want to know everything that you saw.