And you ate two baclavas, right? I  not to touch them, mine was awful. Are you all right? D'you see this?  Janis Joplin died  yesterday. Overdose, in a Hollywood motel. Never Was anybody like Janis. You can't take anything seriously. Jesus, they do everything ass  backwards in Turkey. Billy, what's the matter? No! What is it? . . . Billy? ...Billy...? Smoke this rocket, it'll cool the  pain. You gotta walk around some man, or  your feet gonna swell up something  bad... You've been out for days man,  talking all kinds of shit. Come  on, we'll walk you down to the  courtyard. Getchmis olsun Olsun - "May it pass quickly." I'm  Bell, Jimmy Bell. This is Erich  something Swedish. Yeah... Only the room service is  lousy.  Come on, let me show you  the tennis courts. 'Figgers. Hamidou.  Chief of the Guards.   Don't fuck with him. He almost  killed an Italian dude couple months  ago.  Bad news. He try anything  with you? With these fucking Turks, soon as  the light goes out... I keep one  hand on their feet and their feet  better not grow.  You'll meet Max.  He got raped something bad down in  Section 13. That's the pits. Little fuckers are thieves, rapists,  pickpockets, murderers, you name  it - they do it. Don't trust any  of 'em... ...They tell Ziat everything. He's  the squeal round here. Goes all  over the prison.  Sells watered- down tea, blankets, hash, black  money, nembutols --anything for a  buck... He was an informer on the outside  but he tried to screw the cops out  of 60 kilos of opium. Watch him,  he's a fox. Whatcha' in for, smuggling? Rash? History, man, history. How much? Where? Could be ten or fifteen.  Maybe  even twenty. Twenty fucking YEARS, man - YEARS!   I figger ten at the least. Yeah, what do you think this is,  the good USA? This is Turkey, man... It's a fucking accident here if  you're innocent. And anyway...  ...ain't nobody who's innocent. Sure, keep dreaming and see where  that gets you... like Max, up in  the head, you know... You gonna eat a lot more fasoulia  beans, Billy baby, 'fore you taste  a hamburger 'gain cause you broke  the law man, and you got caught... And that... is history. The Law is never wrong, asshole.   The Law is! The blueprints! The prison, man. There was this  German cat an architect in the  hospital. He was helping the Turks  build some shit round the place.   I laid some bread on him and he  let me copy them. There's two ways out I figger -    over the roof, but that's only one  person, maybe two. The other way  is Under. It's already built!  There's a  basement substructure where they  used to keep weapons and stuff,  but beneath that there's these old  catacombs that the Christians built  'bout a thousand fucking years ago  to bury their dead.  We're sitting  right on top of it -- here. The Kraut said there's a whole  bunch of hollow sealed shafts sort  of like dumbwaiters running along  this wall; one of them is right in  there, right next to our shower.  We get in there, he says, we can  get down into the catacombs. With  three of us working.... Stop shitting me, man! Hey!  I'm getting this together  man and I don't need no fucking  Gastro-head along on this trip! We go through the wall. ...The Kraut was right!  I checked  it out - there's no reinforced  steel in those bath walls. They're  real soft from underground seepage-- --the water like "'weeps" through  the cement, see. Twenty, thirty  years, you can almost push it over.  All we do is use Gastrohead's  screwdriver here and scrape the  mortar out. Pull out 2, 3 stones,  squeeze through, put 'em back, and  get our ass down the shaft, It's a  two night operation, maybe three. The catacoombs?  Whaddya want, a  door?  There's miles of em like a  sewer system but they got to come  up someplace in Istanbul. Hey, you know what's gonna get us  out of here?  It's not a map, Max.   It's our balls. You know what I  mean... ...I gotta get laid man, I don't  know 'bout you guys, but if I don't  get it on soon, I'm... I'm not  gonna make it. Billy? Well fuck it!  Choose your own  death, babe, I'm taking the roof  out of here! Allah fuck Off! Asina Covaciml.   (I stick it in his mouth) Omina koyden your sas! (Put your sas in your cunt!) ...And besides that I fuck Allah  and I fuck your Muslim mother too... You got that, shit face? Asina... We gotta take a chance and do that  one next -  Then pull out this one - Just jiggle it, scratch it out,  loose nit up, it's soft real soft! What? I told you, I told you you cock- suckers!  You didn't believe me. Want me to take over? Let's go! Haps, railroad, bus timetables? What? Don't make me laugh. Nah, just covered with batshit! The fuck are we? What the fuck we gonna do? Count me out. Who ever heard of anybody sneaking  back into a fucking jail? Billy, wake up!  They found it! Ziat! Oh my God...! Billy, what have they done to  you...my God! ...Billy, your family is fine.   Senator Buckley just made a special  plea on your behalf in the Senate.   Newsday has written several big  articles about you.  They've called  you a pawn in the poppy game between  Nixon and the Turks. The letters  are coming in, Billy. People  care.... Billy - you'll just make yourself  crazy. Oh Billy, Billy, I wish I could  make it better for you. Please  don't...  don't... Yes, Billy? Oh Billy... Billy!  Don't give up.   Please don't give up. You'll get  out. I know you will! Billy, your father gave me this  for you.  There's pictures of your  Mom and Dad...Rob...Peg... And there's pictures in the back  of your old Mr. Franklin.  Remember  him... From the bank? He's over in Greece now. He bought  a ticket. I'll give it to them for you. You were right Billy don't count  on them, you hear, don't count on  anybody but yourself! If you stay you'll die Billy!  Get  out of here. Get to Greece, you  hear me?...Billy? 