DOWNEY	m	You're lucky it's us, Willy.
JO	m	I'm requesting... I'm... Captain,  I'd like to request that I be the  attorney assigned to rep -- I'd like  to request that it be myself who is  assigned to represent -- "That it be myself who is assigned  to represent"? ...Good, Jo, that's  confidence inspiring.
GIBBS	m	Jo, come on in.
JO	m	Thank you, sir.
GIBBS	m	Captain West, this is Lt. Commander  Galloway. Jo, you know Mike Lawrence.
JO	m	Yes sir. Captain, I appreciate your seeing me  on such short notice.
WEST	m	I understand there was some trouble  over the weekend down in Cuba.
JO	m	Yes sir... This past Friday evening.   Two marines, Corporal Harold Dawson  and Private Louden Downey, entered  the barracks room of a PFC William  Santiago and assaulted him. Santiago  died at the base hospital  approximately an hour later. The NIS  agent who took their statements  maintains they were trying to prevent  Santiago from naming them in a  fenceline shooting incident. They're  scheduled to have a hearing down in  Cuba at 4:00 this afternoon.
LAWRENCE	m	What's the problem?
JO	m	Dawson and Downey are both recruiting  poster marines and Santiago was known  to be a screw-up. I was thinking  that it sounded an awful lot like a  code red.
WEST	m	Christ.
JO	m	I'd like them moved up to Washington  and assigned counsel. Someone who  can really look into this. Someone  who possesses not only the legal  skill, but a familiarity with the  inner workings of the military. In  short, Captain, I'd like to suggest  that... I be the one who, that it be  me who is assigned to represent them. Myself.
WEST	m	Joanne, why don't you get yourself a  cup of coffee.
JO	m	Thank you, sir, I'm fine.
WEST	m	Joanne, I'd like you to leave the  room so we can talk about you behind  your back.
JO	m	Certainly, sir.
WEST	m	I thought this Code Red shit wasn't  going on anymore.
LAWRENCE	m	With the marines at GITMO? Who the  hell knows what goes on down there.
WEST	m	Well lets find out before the rest  of the world does, this thing could  get messy. What about this woman?
LAWRENCE	m	Jo's been working a desk at internal  affairs for what, almost a year now.
WEST	m	And before that?
GIBBS	m	She disposed of three cases in two  years.
WEST	m	Three cases in two years? Who was  she handling, the Rosenbergs?
GIBBS	m	She's not cut out for litigation.
LAWRENCE	m	She's a hall of an investigator,  Jerry --
GIBBS	m	In Internal Affairs, sure. She can  crawl up a lawyer's ass with the  best of 'em, but when it comes to  trial work --
WEST	m	I know. All passion, no street smarts.  Bring her back in.
WEST	m	Commander, we're gonna move the  defendants up here in the morning.
JO	m	Thank you, sir.
WEST	m	And I'll have Division assign them  counsel...
JO	m	But... not me.
WEST	m	From what I understand from your  colleagues, you're much too valuable  in your present assignment to be  wasted on what I'm sure will boil  down to a five minute plea bargain  and a week's worth of paper work.
JO	m	Sir --
WEST	m	Don't worry about it. I promise you,  division'll assign the right man for  the job.
KAFFEE	m	Alright, let's get two!
SECOND BASE	m	Sorry!
KAFFEE	m	Nothing to be sorry about, Sherby.   Just look the ball into your glove.
SECOND BASE 	m	Sorry!
KAFFEE	m	You gotta trust me, Sherby. You keep  your eyes open, your chances of  catching the ball increase by a factor  of ten.
SPRADLING	?	Kaffee!
KAFFEE	m	Let's try it again.
SPRADLING	?	Kaffee!!
KAFFEE	m	Dave. You seem upset and distraught.
SPRADLING	?	We were supposed to meet in your  office 15 minutes ago to talk about  the McDermott case. You're stalling  on this thing. Now we got this done  and I mean now, or no kidding, Kaffee,  I'll hang your boy from a fuckin'  yardarm.
KAFFEE	m	A yardarm? Sherby, does the Navy still hang  people from yardarms?
SHERBY	?	I don't think so, Danny.
KAFFEE	m	Dave, Sherby doesn't think the Navy  hangs people from yardarms anymore. Let's go, let's get two!
SPRADLING	?	I'm gonna charge him with possession  and being under the influence while  on duty. Plead guilty and I'll  recommend 30 days in the brig with  loss of rank and pay.
KAFFEE	m	It was oregano, Dave, it was ten  dollars worth of oregano.
SPRADLING	?	Yeah, well your client thought it  was marijuana.
KAFFEE	m	My client's a moron, that's not  against the law.
KAFFEE	m	Ow. That had to hurt. Way to keep your head in the play,  Lester. Walk it off!
SPRADLING	?	I've got people to answer to just  like you, I'm gonna charge him.
KAFFEE	m	With what, possession of a condiment?
SPRADLING	?	Kaffee --
KAFFEE	m	Dave, I've tried to help you out of  this, but if you ask for tall time,  I'm gonna file a motion to dismiss.
SPRADLING	?	You won't got it.
KAFFEE	m	I will get it. And if the MTD is  denied, I'll file a motion in liminee  seeking to obtain evidentiary ruling  in advance, and after that I'm gonna  file against pre-trial confinement,  and you're gonna spend an entire  summer going blind on paperwork  because a Signalman Second Class  bought and smoked a dime bag of  oregano.
SPRADLING	?	B Misdemeanor, 20 days in the brig.
KAFFEE	m	C Misdemeanor, 15 days restricted  duty.
SPRADLING	?	I don't know why I'm agreeing to  this.
KAFFEE	m	'Cause you have wisdom beyond your  years. Dave, can you play third base?
WHITAKER	m	'Morning.
LAWYERS	m	'Morning Captain Whitaker.
WHITAKER	m	Sam, how's the baby?
SAM	m	I think she's ready to say her first  word any day now.
WHITAKER	m	How can you tell?
SAM	m	She just looks like she has something  to say.
KAFFEE	m	Excuse me, sorry I'm late.
WHITAKER	m	I'm sure you don't have a good excuse,  so I won't force you to come up with  a bad one.
KAFFEE	m	Thank you, Isaac, that's nice of  you.
WHITAKER	m	Sit-down, this first one's for you.
WHITAKER	m	You're moving up in the world, Danny,  you've been requested by Division.
KAFFEE	m	Requested to do what?
WHITAKER	m	Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. A marine  corporal named Dawson illegally fires  a round from his weapon over the  fenceline and into Cuban territory.
KAFFEE	m	What's a fenceline?
WHITAKER	m	Sam?
SAM	m	A big wall separating the good guys  from the bad guys.
KAFFEE	m	Teachers pet.
WHITAKER	m	PFC William Santiago threatens to  rat on Dawson to the Naval  investigative Service. Dawson and  another member of his squad, PFC  Louden Downey, they go into Santiago's  room, tie him up, and stuff a rag  down his throat. An hour later,  Santiago's dead. Attending physician  says the rag was treated with some  kind of toxin.
KAFFEE	m	They poisoned the rag?
WHITAKER	m	Not according to them.
KAFFEE	m	What do they say?
WHITAKER	m	Not much. They're being flown up  here tomorrow and on Thursday at  0600 you'll catch a transport down  to Cuba for the day to find out what  you can. Meantime, go across the  yard and see Lt. Commander Joanne  Galloway. She's the one who had 'em  brought up here. She'll fill you in  on whatever she has. Any questions?
KAFFEE	m	The flight to Cuba, was that 0600 in  the morning, sir?
WHITAKER	m	It seems important to Division that  this one be handled by the book, so  I'm assigning co-counsel. Any  volunteers?
SAM	m	No.
WHITAKER	m	Sam.
SAM	m	I have a stack of paper on my desk --
WHITAKER	m	Work with Kaffee on this.
SAM	m	Doing what? Kaffee'll finish this up  in four days.
WHITAKER	m	Do various... administrative... you  know... things. Back-up. Whatever.
SAM	m	In other words I have no  responsibilities whatsoever.
WHITAKER	m	Right.
SAM	m	My kinda case.
KAFFEE	m	Hi. I'm Daniel Kaffee. I was told to  meet with -- -- Commander Galloway.
KAFFEE	m	About a briefing.
JO	m	You're the attorney that Division  assigned?
KAFFEE	m	I'm lead counsel. This is Sam  Weinberg.
SAM	m	I have no responsibilities here  whatsoever.
JO	m	Come in, please, have a seat...
JO	m	Lieutenant, how long have you been  in the Navy?
KAFFEE	m	Going on nine months now.
JO	m	And how long have you been out of  law school?
KAFFEE	m	A little over a year.
JO	m	I see.
KAFFEE	m	Have I done something wrong?
JO	m	No. It's just that when I petitioned  Division to have counsel assigned, I  was hoping I'd be taken seriously.
KAFFEE	m	No offense taken, if you were  wondering.
SAM	m	Commander, Lt. Kaffee's generally  considered the best litigator in our  office. He's successfully plea  bargained 44 cases in nine months.
KAFFEE	m	One more, and I got a set of steak  knives.
JO	m	Have you ever been in a courtroom?
KAFFEE	m	I once had my drivers license  suspended.
SAM	m	Danny --
KAFFEE	m	Commander, from what I understand,  if this thing goes to court, they  won't need a lawyer, they'll need a  priest.
JO	m	No. They'll need a lawyer.
JO	m	Dawson's family has been contacted.   Downey's closest living relative is  Ginny Miller, his aunt on his mother's  side, she hasn't been Contacted yet.
JO	m	Would you like me to take care of  that?
KAFFEE	m	Sure, if you feel like it.
JO	m	One of the people you'll be speaking  to down there is the barracks C.O.,  Colonel Nathan Jessep, I assume you've  heard of him.
KAFFEE	m	Who hasn't?
SAM	m	He's been in the papers lately. He's  expected to be appointed Director of  Operations for the National Security  Counsel.
JO	m	These are letters that Santiago wrote  in his 8 months at GITMO --
SAM	m	Guantanamo Bay.
KAFFEE	m	I know that one.
JO	m	He wrote to his recruiter, the fleet  commander, HQ, Atlantic, even his  senator. He wanted a transfer. Nobody  was listening. You with me?
KAFFEE	m	Yes.
JO	m	This last letter to the Naval  investigative Service --
JO	m	-- where he offers information about  Corporal Dawson's fenceline shooting  in exchange for a transfer, was just  a last ditch effort.
KAFFEE	m	Right. Is that all?
JO	m	Lieutenant, this letter makes it  look like your client had a motive  to kill Santiago.
KAFFEE	m	Gotcha. And Santiago is... who?
JO	m	The victim.
KAFFEE	m	Write that down. Am I correct in assuming that these  letters don't paint a flattering  picture of marine corps life in  Guantanamo Bay?
JO	m	Yes, among other --
KAFFEE	m	And am I further right in assuming  that a protracted investigation of  this incident might cause some  embarrassment for the security counsel  guy.
JO	m	Colonel Jessep, yes, but --
KAFFEE	m	Twelve years.
JO	m	I'm sorry?
KAFFEE	m	Twelve years. I can get it knocked  down to Involuntary Manslaughter.  Twelve years.
JO	m	You haven't talked to a witness, you  haven't looked at a piece of paper.
KAFFEE	m	Pretty impressive, huh?
JO	m	You're gonna have to go deeper than  just --
KAFFEE	m	Commander, do you have some sort of  jurisdiction here that I should know  about?
JO	m	My job is to make sure you do your  job. I'm special counsel for Internal  Affairs, so my jurisdiction's pretty  much in your face. Read the letters.  You're not under any obligation, but  I'd appreciate a report when you get  back from Cuba.
KAFFEE	m	Sure.
JO	m	You're dismissed.
KAFFEE	m	Sorry, I always forget that.
SAM	m	He's a little preoccupied. The team's playing Bethesda Medical  next week.
JO	m	Tell your friend not to get cute  down there.  The marines in Guantanimo  are fanatical.
SAM	m	About what?
SANTIAGO 	m	Dear Sir,
JO	m	About being marines.
SANTIAGO 	m	"...My name is PFC William T.  Santiago. I am a marine stationed at  Marine Barracks, Rifle Security  Company Windward, Second Platoon  Delta. I am writing to inform you of  my problems with my unit here in  Cuba and to ask for your help. I've  fallen out on runs before for several  reasons such as feeling dizzy or  nauseated, but on May 18th, I'd fallen  back about 20 or 30 yards going down  a rocky, unstable hill. My sergeant  grabbed me and pushed me down the  hill. Then I saw all black and the  last thing I remember is hitting the  deck. I was brought to the hospital  where I was told I just had heat  exhaustion and was explained to by  the doctor that my body has trouble  with the hot sun and I hyperventilate.  I ask you to help me. Please sir. I  just need to be transferred out of  RSC. Sincerely. PFC William T.  Santiago. U.S. Marine Corps."
SANTIAGO 	m	"P.S. In exchange for my transfer  off the base, I'm willing to provide  you with information about an illegal  fenceline shooting that occurred the  night of August 2nd."
JESSEP	m	Who the fuck is PFC William T.  Santiago.
KENDRICK	m	Sir, Santiago is a member of Second  Platoon, Delta.
JESSEP	m	Yeah, well, apparently he's not very  happy down here at Shangri-La, cause  he's written letters to everyone but  Santa Claus asking for a transfer.  And now he's telling tales about a  fenceline shooting.
JESSEP	m	Matthew?
MARKINSON	m	I'm appalled, sir.
JESSEP	m	You're appalled? This kid broke the  Chain of Command and he ratted on a  man of his unit, to say nothing of  the fact that he's a U.S. Marine and  it would appear that he can't run  from here to there without collapsing  from heat exhaustion. What the fuck's  going on over at Windward, Matthew?
MARKINSON	m	Colonel, I think perhaps it would be  better to hold this discussion in  private.
KENDRICK	m	That won't be necessary, Colonel,  I'll handle the situation.
MARKINSON	m	The same way you handled the Curtis  Barnes incident? You're doing  something wrong, Lieutenant this --
KENDRICK	m	My methods of leadership are --
MARKINSON	m	Don't interrupt me, I'm still your  superior officer.
JESSEP	m	And I'm yours, Matthew.
JESSEP	m	I want to know what we're gonna do  about this.
MARKINSON	m	I think Santiago should be transferred  off the base. Right away.
JESSEP	m	He's that bad, huh?
MARKINSON	m	Not only that, but word of this  letter's bound to get out. The kid's  gonna get his ass kicked.
JESSEP	m	Transfer Santiago. Yes I suppose  you're right. I suppose that's the  thing to do. Wait. Wait. I've got a  better idea. Let's transfer the whole  squad off the base. Let's -- on second  thought -- Windward. The whole  Windward division, let's transfer  'em off the base. Jon, go on out  there and get those boys down off  the fence, they're packing their  bags. Tom!
ORDERLY	m	Sir!
JESSEP	m	Got me the President on the phone,  we're surrendering our position in  Cuba.
ORDERLY	m	Yes sir!
JESSEP	m	Wait a minute, Tom.
JESSEP	m	Don't call the President just yet.  Maybe we should consider this for a  second. Maybe -- and I'm just spit  balling here -- but maybe we as  officers have a responsibility to  train Santiago. Maybe we as officers  have a responsibility to this country  to see that the men and women charged  with its security are trained  professionals. Yes. I'm certain I  once read that somewhere. And now  I'm thinking that your suggestion of  transferring Santiago, while  expeditious, and certainly painless,  might not be in a manner of speaking,  the American way. Santiago stays  where he is. We're gonna train the  lad. You're in charge, Jon. Santiago  doesn't make 4.1 on his next fitness  report, I'm gonna blame you. Then  I'm gonna kill you.
KENDRICK	m	Yes sir.
MARKINSON	m	I think that's a mistake, Colonel.
JESSEP	m	Matthew, I believe I will have that  word in private with you now. Jon,  that's all. Why don't you and I have  lunch at the "O" club, we'll talk  about the training of young William.
KENDRICK	m	Yes sir, I'd be delighted to hear  any suggestions you have.
JESSEP	m	Dismissed.
JESSEP	m	Matthew, sit, please.
JESSEP	m	What do you think of Kendrick?
MARKINSON	m	I don't know that --
JESSEP	m	I think he's kind of a weasel, myself.  But he's an awfully good officer,  and in the end we see eye to eye on  the best way to run a marine corps  unit. We're in the business of saving  lives, Matthew. That's a  responsibility we have to take pretty  seriously. And I believe that taking  a marine who's not yet up to the job  and packing him off to another  assignment, puts lives in danger.
JESSEP	m	Matthew, siddown. We go back a while. We went to the  Academy together, we were commissioned  together, we did our tours in Vietnam  together. But I've been promoted up  through the chain with greater speed  and success than you have. Now if  that's a source of tension or  embarrassment for you, well, I don't  give a shit. We're in the business  of saving lives, Captain Markinson.  Don't ever question my orders in  front of another officer.
DOWNEY	m	Hal?
DOWNEY	m	Is this Washington, D.C.?
M.P.	?	Alright, let's move.
KAFFEE	m	Alright, let's get tough out there!
JO	m	Excuse me.
KAFFEE	m	You want to suit up? We need all the  help we can get.
JO	m	No, thank you, I can't throw and  catch things.
KAFFEE	m	That's okay, neither can they.
JO	m	I wanted to talk to you about Corporal  Dawson and Private Downey.
KAFFEE	m	Say again?
JO	m	Dawson and Downey.
KAFFEE	m	Those names sound like they should  mean something to me, but I'm just  not --
JO	m	Dawson! Downey! Your clients!
KAFFEE	m	The Cuba thing! Yes! Dawson and  Downey. Right. I've done something wrong again,  haven't I?
JO	m	I was wondering why two guys have  been in a jail cell since this morning  while their lawyer is outside hitting  a ball.
KAFFEE	m	We need the practice.
JO	m	That wasn't funny.
KAFFEE	m	It was a little funny.
JO	m	Lieutenant, would you feel very  insulted if I recommended to your  supervisor that he assign different  counsel?
KAFFEE	m	Why?
JO	m	I don't think you're fit to handle  this defense.
KAFFEE	m	You don't even know me. Ordinarily  it takes someone hours to discover  I'm not fit to handle a defense.
KAFFEE	m	Oh come on, that was damn funny.
JO	m	I do know you. Daniel AlliStair  Kaffee, born June 8th, 1964 at Boston  Mercy Hospital. Your father's Lionel  Kaffee, former Navy Judge Advocate  and Attorney General, of the United  States, died 1985. You went to Harvard  Law on a Navy scholarship, probably  because that's what your father wanted  you to do, and now you're just  treading water for the three years  you've gotta serve in the JAG Corps,  just kinda layin' low til you can  get out and get a real job. And if  that's the situation, that's fine, I  won't tell anyone. But my feeling is  that if this case is handled in the  same fast-food, slick-ass, Persian  Bazaar manner with which you seem to  handle everything else, something's  gonna get missed. And I wouldn't be  doing my job if I allowed Dawson and  Downey to spend any more time in  prison than absolutely necessary,  because their attorney had pre- determined the path of least  resistance.
KAFFEE	m	Wow. I'm sexually aroused, Commander.
JO	m	I don't think your clients murdered  anybody.
KAFFEE	m	What are you basing this on?
JO	m	There was no intent.
KAFFEE	m	The doctor's report says that Santiago  died of asphyxiation brought on by  acute lactic acidosis, and that the  nature of the acidosis strongly  suggests poisoning. Now, I don't know what any of that  means, but it sounds pretty bad.
JO	m	Santiago died at one a.m. At three  the doctor was unable to determine  the cause of death, but two hours  later he said it was poison.
KAFFEE	m	Oh, now I see what you're saying.   It had to be Professor Plum in the  library with the candlestick.
JO	m	I'm gonna speak to your supervisor.
KAFFEE	m	Okay. You go straight up Pennsylvania  Avenue. It's a big white house with  pillars in front.
JO	m	Thank you.
KAFFEE	m	I don't think you'll have much luck,  though. I was assigned by Division,  remember? Somebody over there thinks  I'm a good lawyer. So while I  appreciate your interest and admire  your enthusiasm, I think I can pretty  much handle things myself.
JO	m	Do you know what a code red is?
JO	m	What a pity.
M.P.	?	Officer on deck, ten-hut.
DAWSON	m	Sir, Lance Corporal Harold W. Dawson,  sir. Rifle Security Company Windward,  Second Platoon, Delta.
KAFFEE	m	Someone hasn't been working and  playing well with others, Harold.
DAWSON	m	Sir, yes sir!
DOWNEY	m	Sir, PFC Louden Downey.
KAFFEE	m	I'm Daniel Kaffee, this is Sam  Weinerg, you can sitdown.
KAFFEE	m	Is this your signature?
DAWSON	m	Yes sir.
KAFFEE	m	You don't have to call me sir. Is this your signature?
DOWNEY	m	Sir, yes sir.
KAFFEE	m	And you certainly don't have to do  it twice in one sentence. Harold,  what's a Code Red?
DAWSON	m	Sir, a Code Red is a disciplinary  engagement.
KAFFEE	m	What does that mean, exactly?
DAWSON	m	Sir, a marine falls out of line,  it's up to the men in his unit to  get him back on track.
KAFFEE	m	What's a garden variety Code Red?
DAWSON	m	Sir?
KAFFEE	m	Harold, you say sir and I turn around  and look for my father. Danny, Daniel,  Kaffee. Garden variety; typical.  What's a basic Code Red?
DAWSON	m	Sir, a marine has refused to bathe  on a regular basis. The men in his  squad would give him a G.I. shower.
KAFFEE	m	What's that?
DAWSON	m	Scrub brushes, brillo pads, steel  wool...
SAM	m	Beautiful.
KAFFEE	m	Was the attack on Santiago a Code  Red?
DAWSON	m	Yes sir.
KAFFEE	m	Do you ever talk?
DAWSON	m	Sir, Private Downey will answer any  direct questions you ask him.
KAFFEE	m	Swell. Private Downey, the rag you  stuffed in Santiago's mouth, was  there poison on it?
DOWNEY	m	No sir.
KAFFEE	m	Silver polish, turpentine, anti- freeze...
DOWNEY	m	No sir. We were gonna shave his head,  sir.
KAFFEE	m	When all of a sudden...?
DOWNEY	m	We saw blood drippinq out of his  mouth. Then we pulled the tape off,  and there was blood all down his  face, sir. That's when Corporal Dawson  called the ambulance.
KAFFEE	m	Did anyone see you call the ambulance?
DAWSON	m	No sir.
KAFFEE	m	Were you there when the ambulance  got there?
DAWSON	m	Yes sir, that's when we were taken  under arrest.
SAM	m	On the night of August 2nd, did you  fire a shot across the fenceline  into Cuba?
DAWSON	m	Yes sir.
SAM	m	Why?
DAWSON	m	My mirror engaged, sir.
KAFFEE	m	His mirror engaged?
SAM	m	For each American sentry post there's  a Cuban counterpart. They're called  mirrors. The corporal's claiming  that his mirror was about to fire at  him.
KAFFEE	m	Santiago's letter to the NIS said  you fired illegally. He's saying  that the guy, the mirror, he never  made a move.
KAFFEE	m	Oh, Harold?
KAFFEE	m	You see what I'm getting at? If  Santiago didn't have anything on  you, then why did you give him a  Code Red?
DAWSON	m	Because he broke the chain of command,  sir.
KAFFEE	m	He what?
DAWSON	m	He went outside his unit, sir. If he  had a problem, he should've spoken  to me, sir. Then his Sergeant, then  Company Commander, then --
KAFFEE	m	Yeah, yeah, alright. Harold, did you  assault Santiago with the intent of  killing him?
DAWSON	m	No sir.
KAFFEE	m	What was your intent?
DAWSON	m	To train him, sir.
KAFFEE	m	Train him to do what?
DAWSON	m	Train him to think of his unit before  himself. To respect the code.
SAM	m	What's the code?
DAWSON	m	Unit Corps God Country.
SAM	m	I beg your pardon?
DAWSON	m	Unit Corps God Country, sir.
KAFFEE	m	The Goverrment of the United States  wants to charge you two with murder.  You want me to go to the prosecutor  with unit, corps, god, country?
DAWSON	m	That's our code, sir.
KAFFEE	m	We'll be back. You guys need anything?  Books paper, cigarettes, a ham  sandwich?
DAWSON	m	Sir. No thank you. Sir.
KAFFEE	m	Harold, I think there's a concept  you better start warming up to.
DAWSON	m	Sir?
KAFFEE	m	I'm the only friend you've got.
ROSS	m	Dan Kaffee.
KAFFEE	m	Sailin' Jack Ross.
ROSS	m	Welcome to the big time.
KAFFEE	m	You think so?
ROSS	m	I hope for Dawson and Downey's sake  you practice law better than you  play softball.
KAFFEE	m	Unfortunately for Dawson and Downey,  I don't do anything better than I  play softball. What are we lookin'  at?
ROSS	m	They plead guilty to manslaughter,  I'll drop the conspiracy and the  conduct unbecoming. 20 years, they'll  be home in half that time.
KAFFEE	m	I want twelve.
ROSS	m	Can't do it.
KAFFEE	m	They called the ambulance, Jack.
ROSS	m	I don't care if they called the Avon  Lady, they killed a marine.
KAFFEE	m	The rag was tested for poison.  The  autopsy, lab report, even the initial  E.R. and C.O.D. reports. They all  say the same thing: Maybe, maybe  not.
ROSS	m	The Chief of Internal Medicine at  the Guantanamo Bay Naval hospital  says he's sure.
KAFFEE	m	What do you know about Code Reds?
ROSS	m	Oh man.
ROSS	m	Are we off the record?
KAFFEE	m	You tell me.
ROSS	m	I'm gonna give you the twelve years,  but before you go getting yourself  into trouble tomorrow, you should  know this: The platoon commander Lt.  Jonathan Kendrick, had a meeting  with the men. And he specifically  told them not to touch Santiago.
KAFFEE	m	I'll talk to you when I get back.
ROSS	m	Hey, we got a little four-on-four  going tomorrow night. When does your  plane get in?
JO	m	Hi there.
KAFFEE	m	Any luck getting me replaced?
JO	m	Is there anyone in this command that  you don't either drink or play  softball with?
KAFFEE	m	Commander --
JO	m	Listen, I came to make peace. We  started off on the wrong foot. What  do you say? Friends?
KAFFEE	m	Look, I don't --
JO	m	By the way, I brought Downey some  comic books he was asking for. The  kid, Kaffee, I swear, he doesn't  know where he is, he doesn't even  know why he's been arrested.
KAFFEE	m	Commander --
JO	m	You can call me Joanne.
KAFFEE	m	Joanne --
JO	m	or Jo.
KAFFEE	m	Jo?
JO	m	Yes.
KAFFEE	m	Jo, if you ever speak to a client of  mine again without my permission,  I'll have you disbarred. Friends?
JO	m	I had authorization.
KAFFEE	m	From where?
JO	m	Downey's closest living relative,  Ginny Miller, his aunt on his mother's  side.
KAFFEE	m	You got authorization from Aunt Ginny?
JO	m	I gave her a call like you asked.  Very nice woman, we talked for about  an hour.
KAFFEE	m	You got authorization from Aunt Ginny.
JO	m	Perfectly within my province.
KAFFEE	m	Does Aunt Ginny have a barn? We can  hold the trial there. I can sew the  costumes, and maybe his Uncle Goober  can be the judge.
JO	m	I'm going to Cuba with you tomorrow.
KAFFEE	m	And the hits just keep on comin'.
KAFFEE	m	How's it goin', Luther?
LUTHER	m	Another day, another dollar, captain.
KAFFEE	m	You gotta play 'em as they lay,  Luther.
LUTHER	m	What comes around, goes around, you  know what I'm sayin'.
KAFFEE	m	If you can't beat 'em, join 'em.
LUTHER	m	Hey, if you've got your health, you  got everything.
KAFFEE	m	Love makes the world go round. I'll  see you tomorrow, Luther.
SAM	m	When Nancy gets back, you're my  witness. The baby spoke. My daughter  said a word.
KAFFEE	m	Your daughter made a sound, Sam, I'm  not sure it was a word.
SAM	m	Oh come on, it was a word.
KAFFEE	m	Okay.
SAM	m	You heard her. The girl sat here,  pointed, and said "Pa". She did. She  said "Pa".
KAFFEE	m	She was pointing at a doorknob.
SAM	m	That's right. Pointing, as if to  say, "Pa, look, a doorknob".
KAFFEE	m	Jack Ross came to see me today. He  offered me twelve years.
SAM	m	That's what you wanted.
KAFFEE	m	I know, and I'll... I guess, I mean -- I'll take it.
SAM	m	So?
KAFFEE	m	It took albout 45 seconds. He barely  put up a fight.
SAM	m	Danny, take the twelve years, it's a  gift.
KAFFEE	m	You don't believe their story, do  you? You think they ought to go to  jail for the rest of their lives.
SAM	m	I believe every word they said. And  I think they ought to go to jail for  the rest of their lives.
KAFFEE	m	I'll see you tomorrow.
SAM	m	Remember to wear your whites, it's  hot down there.
KAFFEE	m	I don't like the whites.
SAM	m	Nobody likes the whites, but we're  going to Cuba in August. You got  Dramamine?
KAFFEE	m	Dramamine keeps you cool?
SAM	m	Dramamine keeps you from throwing  up, you get sick when you fly.
KAFFEE	m	I get sick when I fly because I'm  afraid of crashing into a large  mountain, I don't think Dramamine'll  help.
SAM	m	I've got some oregano, I hear that  works pretty good.
KAFFEE	m	Yeah, right.
KAFFEE	m	You know, Ross said the strangest  thing to me right before I left. He  said the platoon commander Lieutenant  Jonathan Kendrick had a meeting with  the men and specifically told them  not to touch Santiago.
SAM	m	So?
KAFFEE	m	I never mentioned Kendrick. I don't  even know who he is. What the hell. I'll see you tomorrow.
HOWARD	m	Lieutenants Kaffee and Weinberg?
KAFFEE	m	Yeah.
JO	m	Commander Galloway.
HOWARD	m	I'm Corporal Howard, ma'am, I'm to  escort you to the Windward side of  the base.
JO	m	Thank you.
HOWARD	m	I've got some camouflage jackets in  the back of the jeep, sirs, I'll  have to ask you both to put them on.
KAFFEE	m	Camouflage jackets?
HOWARD	m	Regulations, sir. We'll be riding  pretty close to the fenceline. The  Cubans see an officer wearing white,  they think it's someone they might  wanna take a shot at.
KAFFEE	m	Good call, Sam.
HOWARD	m	We'll just hop on the ferry and be  over there in no time.
KAFFEE	m	Whoa! Hold it! We gotta take a boat?!
HOWARD	m	Yes sir, to get to the other side of  the bay.
KAFFEE	m	Nobody said anything about a boat.
HOWARD	m	Is there a problem, sir?
KAFFEE	m	No. No problem. I'm just not that  crazy about boats, that's all.
JO	m	Jesus Christ, Kaffee, you're in the  Navy for cryin' out loud!
KAFFEE	m	Nobody likes her very much.
HOWARD	m	Yes sir.
JESSEP	m	Nathan Jessep, come on in and siddown.
KAFFEE	m	Thank you. I'm Daniel Kaffee, I'm  the attorney for Dawson and Downey.  This is Joanne Galloway, she's  observing and evaluating --
JO	m	Colonel.
JESSEP	m	Pleased to meet you, Commander.
KAFFEE	m	Sam Weinberg. He has no responsibility  here whatsoever.
JESSEP	m	I've asked Captain Markinson and Lt.   Kendrick to join us.
MARKINSON	m	Lt. Kaffee, I had the pleasure of  seeing your father once. I was a  teenager and he spoke at my high  school.
JESSEP	m	Lionel Kaffee?
KAFFEE	m	Yes sir.
JESSEP	m	Well what do you know. Son, this  man's dad once made a lot of enemies  down in your neck of the woods.  Jefferson vs. Madison County School  District. The folks down there said  a little black girl couldn't go to  an all white school, Lionel Kaffee  said we'll just see about that. How  the hell is your dad?
KAFFEE	m	He passed away seven years ago,  colonel.
JESSEP	m	Well... don't I feel like the fuckin,  asshole.
KAFFEE	m	Not at all, sir.
JESSEP	m	Well, what can we do for you, Danny.
KAFFEE	m	Not much at all, sir, I'm afraid.  This is really a formality more than  anything else. The JAG Corps insists  that I interview all the relevant  witnesses.
JO	m	The JAG Corps can be demanding that  way.
JESSEP	m	Jonanthan'll take you out and show  you what you wanna see, then we can  all hook up for lunch, how does that  sound?
KAFFEE	m	Fine, sir.
KAFFEE	m	I understand you had a meeting with  your men that afternoon.
KENDRICK	m	Yes.
KAFFEE	m	What'd you guys talk about?
KENDRICK	m	I told the men that there was an  informer among us. And that despite  any desire they might have to seek  retribution, Private Santiago was  not to be harmed in any way.
KAFFEE	m	What time was that meeting?
KENDRICK	m	Sixteen-hundred.
SAM	m	Four o'clock.
KAFFEE	m	Sam, somebody should see about getting  this stuff to his parents. We don't  need it anymore.
KENDRICK	m	Actually, the uniforms belong to the  marine corps.
KAFFEE	m	Lt. Kendrick -- can I call you Jon?
KENDRICK	m	No, you may not.
KAFFEE	m	Have I done something to offend you?
KENDRICK	m	No, I like all you Navy boys. Every  time we've gotta go someplace and  fight, you fellas always give us a  ride.
JO	m	Lt. Kendrick, do you think Santiago  was murdered?
KENDRICK	m	Commander, I believe in God, and in  his son Jesus Christ, and because I  do, I can say this: Private Santiago  is dead and that's a tragedy. But  he's dead because he had no code.  He's dead because he had no honor.  And God was watching.
SAM	m	How do you feel about that theory?
KAFFEE	m	Sounds good. Let's move on.
JO	m	You planning on doing any  investigating or are you just gonna  take the guided tour?
KAFFEE	m	I'm pacing myself.
JESSEP	m	...And they spent the next three  hours running around, looking for  Americans to surrender to.
STEWARD	m	Our pleasure, sir.
KAFFEE	m	Colonel just need to ask you a couple  of questions about August 6th.
JESSEP	m	Shoot.
KAFFEE	m	On the morning of the sixth, you  were contacted by an NIS angent who  said that Santiago had tipped him  off to an illegal fenceline shooting.
JESSEP	m	Yes.
KAFFEE	m	Santiago was gonna reveal the person's  name in exchange for a transfer. An  I getting this right?
JESSEP	m	Yes.
KAFFEE	m	If you feel there are any details  that I'm missing, you should free to  speak up.
JESSEP	m	Thank you.
KAFFEE	m	Now it was at this point that you  called Captain Markinson and Lt.  Kendrick into your office?
JESSEP	m	Yes.
KAFFEE	m	And what happened then?
JESSEP	m	We agreed that for his own safety,  Santiago should be transferred off  the base.
KAFFEE	m	Santiago was set to be transferred?
JESSEP	m	On the first available flight to the  states. Six the next morning. Three  hours too late as it turned out.
KAFFEE	m	Yeah.
KAFFEE	m	Alright, that's all I have. Thanks  very much for your time.
KENDRICK	m	The corporal's got the jeep outside,  he'll take you back to the airstrip.
KAFFEE	m	Thank you.
JO	m	Wait a minute, I've got some  questions.
KAFFEE	m	No you don't.
JO	m	Yes I do.
KAFFEE	m	No you don't.
JO	m	Colonel, on the morning that Santiago  died, did you meet with Doctor Stone  between three and five?
KAFFEE	m	Jo --
JESSEP	m	Of course I met with the doctor. One  of my men was dead.
KAFFEE	m	See? The man was dead. Let's go.
JO	m	I was wondering if you've ever heard  the term Code Red.
KAFFEE	m	Jo --
JESSEP	m	I've heard the term, yes.
JO	m	Colonel, this past February, you  received a cautionary memo from the  Naval Investigative Service, warning  that the practice of enlisted men  disciplining their own wasn't to be  condoned by officers.
JESSEP	m	I submit to you that whoever wrote  that memo has never served on the  working end of a Soviet-made Cuban  Ml-Al6 Assault Rifle. However, the  directive having come from the NIS,  I gave it its due attention. What's  your point, Jo?
KAFFEE	m	She has no point. She often has no  point. It's part of her charm. We're  outta here. Thank you.
JO	m	My point is that I think code reds  still go on down here. Do Code Reds  still happen on this base, colonel?
KAFFEE	m	Jo, the colonel doesn't need to answer  that.
JO	m	Yes he does.
KAFFEE	m	No, he really doesn't.
JO	m	Yeah, he really does. Colonel?
JESSEP	m	You know it just hit me. She outranks  you, Danny.
KAFFEE	m	Yes sir.
JESSEP	m	I want to tell you something Danny  and listen up 'cause I mean this:  You're the luckiest man in the world.  There is, believe me gentlemen,  nothing sexier on earth than a woman  you have to salute in the morning.  Promote 'em all I say.
JO	m	Colonel, the practice of code Reds  is still condoned by officers on  this base, isn't it?
JESSEP	m	You see my problem is, of course,  that I'm a Colonel. I'll just have  to keep taking cold showers 'til  they elect some gal President.
JO	m	I need an answer to my question,  sir.
JESSEP	m	Take caution in your tone, Commander.   I'm a fair guy, but this fuckin'  heat's making me absolutely crazy.  You want to know about code reds?   On the record I tell you that I  discourage the practice in accordance  with the NIS directive. Off the record  I tell you that it's an invaluable  part of close infantry training, and  if it happens to go on without my  knowledge, so be it. I run my base  how I run my base. You want to  investigate me, roll the dice and  take your chances. I eat breakfast  80 yards away from 4000 Cubans who  are trained to kill me. So don't for  one second think you're gonna come  down here, flash a badge, and make  me nervous.
KAFFEE	m	Let's go. Colonel, I'll just need a  copy of Santiago's transfer order.
JESSEP	m	What's that?
KAFFEE	m	Santiago's transfer order. You guys  have paper work on that kind of thing,  I just need it for the file.
JESSEP	m	For the file.
KAFFEE	m	Yeah.
JESSEP	m	Of course you can have a copy of the  transfer order. For the file. I'm  here to help anyway I can.
KAFFEE	m	Thank you.
JESSEP	m	You believe that, don't you? Danny?  That I'm here to help anyway I can?
KAFFEE	m	Of course.
JESSEP	m	The corporal'll run you by Ordinance  on your way out to the airstrip. You  can have all the transfer orders you  want.
KAFFEE	m	Let's go.
JESSEP	m	But you have to ask me nicely.
KAFFEE	m	I beg your pardon?
JESSEP	m	You have to ask me nicely. You see,  Danny, I can deal with the bullets  and the bombs and the blood. I can  deal with the heat and the stress  and the fear. I don't want money and  I don't want medals. What I want is  for you to stand there in that faggoty  white uniform, and with your Harvard  mouth, extend me some fuckin'  courtesy. You gotta ask me nicely.
KAFFEE	m	Colonel Jessep... if it's not too  much trouble, I'd like a copy of the  transfer order. Sir.
JESSEP	m	No problem.
JESSEP	m	I hate casualties, Matthew. There  are casualties even in victory. A  marine smothers a grenade and saves  his platoon, that marine's a hero.  The foundation of the unit, the fabric  of this base, the spirit of the Corps,  they are things worth fighting for.
JESSEP	m	Dawson and Downey, they don't know  it, but they're smothering a grenade.
KAFFEE	m	Who is it?
JO 	m	It's me.
KAFFEE	m	I've really missed you, Jo. I was  just saying to myself, "It's been  almost three hours since I last saw --
JO	m	Markinson resigned his commission.
KAFFEE	m	When?
JO	m	This afternoon. Sometime after we  left.
KAFFEE	m	I'll talk to him in the morning.
JO	m	I already tried, I can't find him.
KAFFEE	m	You tried? Joanne, you're coming  dangerously close to the textbook  definition of interfering with a  government investigation.
JO	m	I'm Louden Downey's attorney.
JO	m	Aunt Ginny. She said she feels like  she's known me for years. I suggested  that she might feel more comfortable  if I were directly involved with the  case. She had Louden sign the papers  about an hour ago.
KAFFEE	m	I suppose it's way too much to hope  that you're just making this up to  bother me.
JO	m	Don't worry, I'm not gonna make a  motion for separation, you're still  lead counsel.
KAFFEE	m	Splendid.
JO	m	I think Kendrick ordered the Code  Red. So do you.
DAWSON	m	Officer on deck, ten hut.
KAFFEE	m	Did Kendrick order the code red?
DAWSON	m	Sir?
KAFFEE	m	Don't say sir like I just asked you  if you cleaned the latrine. You heard  what I said. Did Lt. Kendrick order  you guys to give Santiago a code  red?
DAWSON	m	Yes sir.
KAFFEE	m	Did he?
DOWNEY	m	Yes sir.
KAFFEE	m	You mind telling me why the hell you  never mentioned this before?
DAWSON	m	You didn't ask us, sir.
KAFFEE	m	Cutie-pie shit's not gonna win you a  place in my heart, corporal, I get  paid no matter how much time you  spend in jail.
DAWSON	m	Yes sir. I know you do, sir.
KAFFEE	m	Fuck you, Harold.
JO	m	Alright. Let's sort this out. There  was a platoon meeting on August 6th  at four in the afternoon. And Lt.  Kendrick, he gave strict instructions  that nothing was to happen to  Santiago. Now is that true? I want  you to speak freely.
DAWSON	m	Ma'am, that's correct. But then he  dismissed the platoon and we all  went to our rooms.
JO	m	And what happened then?
DAWSON	m	Lt. Kendrick came to our room, ma'am.
KAFFEE	m	When?
DAWSON	m	About five minutes after the meeting  broke, sir. About 16:20.
KAFFEE	m	And what happened then?
DAWSON	m	Lt. Kendrick ordered us to give  Santiago a Code Red.
KAFFEE	m	Jack!
KAFFEE	m	Jack!!
ROSS	m	Hang on...
KAFFEE	m	They were given an order.
JO	m	How long have you known about the  order?
ROSS	m	I didn't -- Who is this?
KAFFEE	m	This is Jo Galloway she's Downey's  lawyer. She's very pleased to meet  you.
ROSS	m	What exactly are you accusing me of,  commander?
JO	m	I'm accusing you of --
KAFFEE	m	Jack didn't know about the order.  Because if he did and he hadn't told  us, Jack knows he'd be violating  about 14 articles of the code of  ethics. As it is, he's got enough to  worry about. God forbid our clients  decide to plead not guilty and testify  for the record that they were given  an order.
ROSS	m	Kendrick specifically told the men  not to touch Santiago.
KAFFEE	m	That's right. And then he went into  Dawson and Downey's room and  specifically told them to give him a  code red.
ROSS	m	That's not what Kendrick said.
KAFFEE	m	Kendrick's lying.
ROSS	m	You have proof?
KAFFEE	m	I have the defendants.
ROSS	m	And I have 23 marines who aren't  accused of murder and a lieutenant  with four letters of commendation.
KAFFEE	m	Why did Markinson resign his  commission?
ROSS	m	We'll never know.
KAFFEE	m	You don't think I can subpoena  Markinson.
ROSS	m	You can try, but you won't find him.   You know what Markinson did for the  first 17 of his 21 years in the corps?  Counter Intelligence. Markinson's  gone. There is no Markinson.
ROSS	m	Jessep's star is on the rise.  Division'll give me a lot of room to  spare Jessep and the corps any  embarrassment.
KAFFEE	m	How much room?
ROSS	m	I'll knock it all down to assault.  Two years. They're home in six months.
JO	m	No deal, we're going to a jury.
KAFFEE	m	Jo --
ROSS	m	No you're not.
JO	m	Why not?
ROSS	m	'Cause you'll lose, and Danny knows  it. And he knows that if we go to  court, I'll have to go all the way,  they'll be charged with the whole  truckload. Murder, Conspiracy, Conduct  Unbecoming, and even though he's got  me by the balls out here, Dan knows  that in a courtroom, he loses this  case. Danny's an awfully talented  lawyer, and he's not about to send  his clients go to jail for life when  he knows they could be home in six  months.
ROSS	m	That's the end of this negotiation.  From this moment, we're on the record.  I'll see tomorrow morning at the  arraignment.
KAFFEE	m	Here's the story: The Goverment's  offering Assault and Conduct  Unbecoming. Two years. You'll be  home in six months.
KAFFEE	m	"Wow, Kaffee, you're the greatest  lawyer in the world. How can we ever  thank you?" Fellas, you hear what I  just said, you're going home in six  months.
DAWSON	m	I'm afraid we can't do that, sir.
KAFFEE	m	Do what?
DAWSON	m	Make a deal, sir.
KAFFEE	m	What are you talking about?
DAWSON	m	We did nothing wrong, sir. We did  our job. If that has consequences,  then I accept them. But'I won't say  I'm guilty, sir.
KAFFEE	m	Did you -- Did she put you up to this?
JO	m	No.
DAWSON	m	We have a code, sir.
KAFFEE	m	Well zippity-doo-dah. You and your  code plead not guilty and you'll be  in jail for the rest of your life.  Do what I'm telling you and you'll  be home in six months.
KAFFEE	m	Do it, Harold. Six months. It's  nothing. It's a hockey season.
DAWSON	m	Permission to --
KAFFEE	m	Speak!
DAWSON	m	What do we do then, sir?
KAFFEE	m	When?
DAWSON	m	After six months. We'd be dishonorably  discharged, right sir?
KAFFEE	m	Yes.
DAWSON	m	What do we do then, sir? We joined  the corps 'cause we wanted to live  our lives by a certain code. And we  found it in the corps. And now you're  asking us to sign a piece of paper  that says we have no honor. You're  asking us to say we're not marines.  If a judge and jury decide that what  we did was wrong, I'll accept whatever  punishment they give. But I believe  I was riqht, sir. I believe I did my  job. And I won't dishonor myself, my  unit, or the Corps, so that I can qo  home in six months. Sir.
KAFFEE	m	Commander, I want to talk to corporal  Dawson alone for a minute.
JO	m	Let's go in another room. Louden,  everything's gonna be alright.
JO	m	We're gonna go into a holding room.
M.P.	?	Aye, aye, ma'am.
KAFFEE	m	You don't like me that much, do you? Forget it, don't answer that, it  doesn't matter.
KAFFEE	m	You know, Downey worships you. He's  gonna do whatever you do. Are you  really gonna let this happen to him  because of a code? Harold?
DAWSON	m	Do you think we were right?
KAFFEE	m	It doesn't matter what I --
DAWSON	m	Do you think we were right?
KAFFEE	m	I think you'd lose.
DAWSON	m	You're such a coward, I can't believe  they let you wear a uniform.
KAFFEE	m	I'm not gonna feel responsible for  this, Harold. I did everything I  could. You're going to Levenworth  for the better part of your life,  and you know what? I don't give a  shit.
KAFFEE	m	What happened to saluting an officer  when he leaves the room?
KAFFEE	m	Dawson's gonna go to jail just to  spite me. Fine. If he wants to jump  off a cliff, that's his business.  I'm not gonna hold his hand on the  way down. I want to get him a new lawyer. How  do I do it?
SAM	m	You just make a motion tomorrow  morning at the arraignment. The  judge'll ask you if you want to enter  a plea. You tell him you want new  counsel assigned.
KAFFEE	m	Then that's that.
JO	m	Yeah. One thing, though. When you  ask the judge for new counsel, Danny,  be sure and ask nicely.
KAFFEE	m	What do you want from me?
JO	m	I want you to let 'em be judged! I  want you to stand up and make an  argument!
SAM	m	An argument that didn't work for  Calley at My Lai, an argument that  didn't work for the Nazis at  Nuremberg.
KAFFEE	m	For Christ sake, Sam, do you really  think that's the same as two teenage  marines executing a routine order  that they never believed would result  in harm? These guys aren't the Nazis.
JO	m	Don't look now, Danny, but you're  making an argument.
KAFFEE	m	Yeah. Tomorrow morning I'll get them a new  attorney.
JO	m	Why are you so afraid to be a lawyer?  Were daddy's expectations really  that high?
KAFFEE	m	Please, spare me the psycho-babble  father bullshit. Dawson and Downey'll  have their day in court, but they'll  have it with another lawyer.
JO	m	Another lawyer won't be good enough.  They need you. You know how to win. You know they have a case. And you  know how to win. You walk away from  this now, and you have sealed their  fate.
KAFFEE	m	Their fate was sealed the moment  Santiago died.
JO	m	Do you believe they have a defense?
KAFFEE	m	You and Dawson both live in the same  dreamland. It doesn't matter what I  believe, it only matters what I can  prove. So please don't tell me what  I know and don't know. I know the  law.
JO	m	You know nothing about the law. You're  a used car salesman, Daniel. You're  an ambulance chaser with a rank.  You're nothing. Live with that.
YUPPIE LAWYER	m	...So I told duncan if we leverage  the acquisition of Biotech, the  interrogatories would be there on  demand. All I have to do is not pick  up the phone and it'll run Flaherty  ten thousand a day in court costs.
SERGEANT AT ARMS	m	All rise.
RANDOLPH	m	Where are we?
SERGEANT AT ARMS	m	Docket number 411275. VR-5. United  States versus Lance Corporal Harold  W. Dawson and Private First Class  Loudon Downey. Defendants are charged  with Conspiracy to Commit Murder,  Murder in the First Degree, and  Conduct Unbecoming a United States  Marine.
RANDOLPH	m	Does defense wish to enter a plea?
KAFFEE	m	Yeah. They're not guilty.
RANDOLPH	m	Enter a plea of not guilty for the  defendants. We'll adjourn until ten-  hundred, three weeks from today, at  which time this Court will reconvene  as a General Court-Martial.
KAFFEE	m	Why does a junior grade with six  months experience and a track record  for plea bargaining get assigned a  murder case? Would it be so that it never sees  the inside of a courtroom?
KAFFEE	m	We'll work out of my apartment.   Every night, seven o'clock. Jo, before  you come over tonight, pick up a  carton of legal pads, a half-dozen  boxes of red pens, a half-dozen boxes  of black pens. Sam get a couple of  desk lamps. I need you to start on a  preliminary medical profile and Jo,  we need all the fitness reports on  Dawson, Downey and Santiago. The  only thing I have to eat is Yoo-Hoo  and SugarSnacks, so if you want  anything else, bring it with you.  Okay?
JO	m	Yeah.
KAFFEE	m	So this is what a courtroom looks  like.
KAFFEE	m	Were you able to speak to your friend  at NIS?
SAM	m	She said if Markinson doesn't want  to be found, we're not gonna find  him. She said I could be Markinson  and you wouldn't know it.
KAFFEE	m	Are you Markinson?
SAM	m	No.
KAFFEE	m	Well, I'm not Markinson, that's two  down.
KAFFEE	m	What.
SAM	m	I was wondering, now that Joanne's  working on this... I was wondering  if you still need me.
KAFFEE	m	They were following an order, Sam.
SAM	m	An illegal order.
KAFFEE	m	You think Dawson and Downey know it  was an illegal order?
SAM	m	It doesn't matter if they know, any  decent human being would've refused  to --
KAFFEE	m	They're not permitted to question  orders.
SAM	m	Then what's the secret? What are the  magic words? I give orders every  day, and nobody follows them.
KAFFEE	m	We have softball games and marching  bands. They work at a place where  you have to wear camouflage or you  might get shot.
KAFFEE	m	I need you. You're better at research  than I am and you know how to prepare  a witness.
JO	m	I've got medical reports and Chinese  food. I say we eat first.
SAM	m	Did you get any dumplings?
KAFFEE	m	This is our defense. Intent: No one  can prove there was poison on the  raq. Code Red: They're common and  accepted in Guantanamo Bay. The Order: A) Kendrick gave it. B) They had no  choice but to follow it. That's it.
SAM	m	What about motive?
KAFFEE	m	We're a little weak on motive. They  had one.
JO	m	Just because a person has a motive  doesn't mean --
KAFFEE	m	Relax. We'll deal with the fenceline  shooting when it comes up. For now  we start here -- I don't know what made Santiago die,  I don't want to know. I just want to  be able to show it could've been  something other than poison. Jo,  talk to doctors. Find out everything  there is to know about lactic  acidosis. Let's start prepping for  Stone.
JO	m	As long as we're on the subject of  the doctor --
KAFFEE	m	Here we go.
JO	m	Listen to me, three o'clock he doesn't  know what killed Santiago, then he  meets with Jessep, and at five o'clock  he says it was poison? The doctor's  covering up the truth.
KAFFEE	m	Oh, that's a relief. I was afraid I  wouldn't be able to use the "Liar,  Liar, Pants on Fire" defense. We  can't prove coercion!! Alright,  fitness reports and biographical  information.
SAM	m	Cartons 3 and 4.
KAFFEE	m	No Cliff-Notes on these things?
JO	m	Captain Hill, this is Lt. Commander  Galloway, I'm an internal affairs  officer with the JAG Corps in  Washington, D.C. I'm trying to track  down a Captain Matthew Andrew  Markinson, USMC...
KAFFEE	m	Doctor, other than the rope marks,  was there any other sign of external  damage?
SAM	m	No.
KAFFEE	m	No scrapes?
SAM	m	No.
KAFFEE	m	No cuts?
JO	m	He resigned his commission a week  ago Thursday.
KAFFEE	m	Bruises? Broken bones?
SAM	m	No.
JO	m	No, please don't put me on hold --
KAFFEE	m	Doctor, was there any sign of  violence?
SAM	m	You mean other than the dead body?
KAFFEE	m	Fuck!! I walk into that every goddam  time!
SAM	m	Don't ask the last question.
KAFFEE	m	Lt. Kendrick, the type of disciplinary  action, or "training'' as you say --
JO	m	Object.
KAFFEE	m	Please the Court, I maintain that  nothing could be more relevant than  what the defendants learned by the  example of, among others, the witness.
JO	m	Nice.
JO	m	And what happened after Kendrick  came into your room?
DOWNEY	m	He ordered me and Corporal Dawson to  give Willy a Code Red.
SAM	m	His answers still have to come faster,  Jo. The Iowa farmboy thing'll play  for a while, but in the end it looks  like he's searching for the truth.
KAFFEE	m	He's right, and from now on, "Willy"  is Private Santiago. You start calling  him Willy and all of a sudden he's a  person who's got a mother who's gonna  miss him.
KAFFEE	m	Poker faces. Don't flinch in front  of the jury. Something doesn't go  our way, don't hang your head, don't  shift in your seat, don't scribble  furiously. Whatever happens, you  have to look like it's exactly what  you knew was gonna happen. When you  pass me documents --
JO/SAM	?	Do it swiftly, but don't look  overanxious.
KAFFEE	m	And don't wear that perfume in Court,  it wrecks my concentration.
JO	m	Really!
KAFFEE	m	I was talking to Sam.
SAM	m	What time is it?
KAFFEE	m	Time to go home. Try to get some  sleep tonight.
JO	m	I'll give you a ride.
KAFFEE	m	You're a good man, Charlie Brown.
SAM	m	See you in court.
JO	m	Danny --
KAFFEE	m	I know what you're gonna say. You  don't have to. We've had our  differences. I've said some things I  didn't mean, you've said some things  you didn't means but you're happy  that I stuck with the case. And if  you've gained a certain respect for  me over the last three weeks that  you didn't have before, well, of  course I'm happy about that, but we  don't have to make a whole big deal  out of it. You like me. I won't make  you say it.
JO	m	I was just gonna tell you to wear  matching socks tomorrow.
KAFFEE	m	Oh. Okay. Good tip.
JO	m	We're ready.
KAFFEE	m	Bet your ass.
KAFFEE	m	We're gonna get creamed.
MAN 	m	Lieutenant Kaffee?
MAN	m	You're gonna save our son, aren't  you?
KAFFEE	m	I'll do my best.
JO	m	Danny, I want you to meet Ginny  Miller, Louden's aunt.
KAFFEE	m	You're Aunt Ginny?
GINNY	f	Uh-huh.
KAFFEE	m	I'm sorry, I was expecting someone   older.
GINNY	f	So was I.
KAFFEE	m	Last chance. I'll flip you for it.
SERGEANT AT ARMS	m	All rise.
ROSS	m	Too late.
SERGEANT AT ARMS	m	All those having business with this  general court-martial, stand forward  and you shall be heard. Captain Julius  Alexander Randolph is presiding. God  save the United States of America.
ROSS	m	No objection, your honor.
KAFFEE	m	No objection.
RANDOLPH	m	Is the Government prepared to make  an opening statement?
ROSS	m	Yes sir.
ROSS	m	The facts of the case are this: At  midnight on August 6th, the defendants  went into the barracks room of their  platoon-mate, PFC William Santiago.   They woke him up, tied his arms and  legs with rope, and forced a rag  into his throat. A few minutes later,  a chemical reaction in Santiago's  body called lactic acidosis caused  his lungs to begin bleeding. He  drowned in his own blood and was  pronounced dead at 32 minutes past  midnight. These are the facts of the  case. And they are undisputed. That's  right. The story I just told you is  the exact same story you're going to  hear from Corporal Dawson, and it's  the exact same story you're going to  hear from Private Downey. Furthermore,  the Government will also demonstrate  that the defendants soaked the rag  with poison, and entered Santiago's  room with motive and intent to kill. Now, Lt. Kaffee, is gonna try to  pull off a little magic act, he's  gonna try a little misdirection.  He's going to astonish you with  stories of rituals and dazzle you  with official sounding terms like  Code Red. He might even cut into a  few officers for you. He'll have no  evidence, mind you, none. But it's  gonna be entertaining. When we get  to the end, all the magic in the  world will not have been able to  divert your attention from the fact  that Willy Santiago is dead, and  Dawson and Downey killed him. These  are the facts of the case. And they are undisputed.
RANDOLPH	m	Lt. Kaffee?
KAFFEE	m	There was no poison on the rag and  there was no intent to kill and any  attempt to prove otherwise is futile  because it just ain't true. When Dawson and Downey went into  Santiago's room that night, it wasn't  because of vengeance or hatred, it  wasn't to kill or harm, and it wasn't  because they were looking for kicks  on a Friday night. It's because it  was what they were ordered to do. Let me say that again: It's because  it was what they were ordered to do.  Now, out in the real world, that  means nothing. And here at the  Washington Navy Yard, it doesn't  mean a whole lot more. But if you're  a marine assigned to Rifle Security  Company Windward, Guantanamo Bay,  Cuba, and you're given an order, you  follow it or you pack your bags. Make no mistake about it, Harold  Dawson and Louden Downey are sitting  before you in judgement today because  they did their job.
RANDOLPH	m	Is the Government ready to call its  first witness?
ROSS	m	Please the Court, the Government  calls Mr. R.C McGuire.
KAFFEE	m	How you doin'?
KAFFEE	m	Good.
ROSS	m	Mr. McGuire, would you state your  full name and occupation for the  record, please?
MCGUIRE	?	Robert C. McGuire, Special Agent,  Naval Investigative Service.
ROSS	m	Mr. McGuire, did your office receive  a letter from PFC William Santiago  on 3 August of this year?
MCGUIRE	?	We did.
ROSS	m	What did the letter say?
MCGUIRE	?	That a member of Private Santiago's  unit had illegally fired his weapon  over the fenceline.
ROSS	m	Was that marine identified in the  letter?
MCGUIRE	?	No sir. I notified the barracks C.O.,  Colonel Jessep, that I would be coming  down to investigate.
ROSS	m	And what did you find?
MCGUIRE	?	For the shift reported, only one  sentry returned his weapon to the  switch with a round of ammunition  missing.
ROSS	m	And who was that?
MCGUIRE	?	Lance Corporal Harold Dawson.
ROSS	m	Your witness.
KAFFEE	m	Mr. McGuire, have you questioned  Corporal Dawson about the fenceline  shooting?
MCGUIRE	?	Yes. He claims to have been engaged  in some manner by the enemy.
KAFFEE	m	But you don't believe him.
MCGUIRE	?	It's not my place --
KAFFEE	m	Corporal Dawson's been charged with  a number of crimes, why wasn't he  charged with firing at the enemy  without cause?
MCGUIRE	?	There wasn't enough evidence to  support such a charge.
KAFFEE	m	Thank you.
ROSS	m	Mr. McGuire, I don't understand what  you mean when you say there wasn't  enough evidence to support such a  charge. You had Willy Santiago's  letter.
MCGUIRE	?	Santiago was the only witness, but I  never had a chance to interview him.  So I don't know what he saw.
ROSS	m	And now we won't ever know, will we,  Mr. McGuire?
MCGUIRE	?	No.
ROSS	m	No more questions.
HAMMAKER	?	Corporal Carl Edward Hammaker, Marine  Barracks, Rifle Security Company  Windward, Second Platoon Charlie.
ROSS	m	Corporal, were you present at a  meeting that Lt. Kendrick held on  the afternoon of August 6th with the  members of second platoon.
HAMMAKER	?	Yes sir.
ROSS	m	Would you tell the Court the substance  of that meeting?
HAMMAKER	?	Lt. Kendrick told us that we had an  informer in our group.  That Private  Santiago had gone outside the chain  of command and reported to the NIS  on a member of our platoon.
ROSS	m	Did that make you mad? You can tell the truth, corporal,  it's alright. Did it make you mad?
HAMMAKER	?	Yes sir.
ROSS	m	How mad?
HAMMAKER	?	Private Santiago betrayed a code  that we believe in very deeply, sir.
ROSS	m	Were the other members of the squad  angry?
KAFFEE	m	Object --
ROSS	m	Were Dawson and Downey?
KAFFEE	m	Please the Court, is the judge  advocate honestly asking this witness  to testify as to how the defendant  felt on August 6th?
RANDOLPH	m	Sustained.
ROSS	m	Corporal, did Lt. Kendrick leave a  standing order at that meeting?
RANDOLPH	m	Yes sir.
ROSS	m	What was it?
HAMMAKER	?	Well it was clear that he didn't  want us to take matters into our own  hands, sir.
ROSS	m	What was the order?
HAMMAKER	?	Sir, he said that Santiago wasn't to  be touched.
ROSS	m	Your witness.
KAFFEE	m	Corporal Hammaker, were you in Dawson  and Downey's barracks room ten minutes  after this meeting?
HAMMAKER	?	No sir.
KAFFEE	m	Thanks, I have no more questions.
ROSS	m	The Government calls Corporal Raymond  Thomas --
KAFFEE	m	Please the Court, I understand Lt.   Ross is planning on calling all the  other members of Rifle Security  Company Windward to testify.
ROSS	m	In light of the defense that Lt.   Kaffee is planning to mount, the  explicit instructions of the platoon  leader seems particularly relevant  testimony.
KAFFEE	m	The defense is willing to concede  that all 23 witnesses will testify  substantially as Corporal Hammaker  did, if the Government is willing to  concede that none of them were in  Dawson and Downey's room at 16:20 on  August 6th.
RANDOLPH	m	Lieutenant?
ROSS	m	The Government'll agree to the  stipulation, sir.
RANDOLPH	m	Then we'll adjourn for the day. You  can call your next witness in the  morning.
STONE	m	...And he was pronounced dead at  zero-zero-thirty-seven.
ROSS	m	Dr. Stone, what's lactic acidosis?
STONE	m	If the muscles and other cells of  the body burn sugar instead of oxygen,  lactic acid is produced. That lactic  acid is what caused Santiago's lungs  to bleed.
ROSS	m	How long does it take for the muscles  and other cells to begin burning  oxygen instead of sugar?
STONE	m	Twenty to thirty minutes.
ROSS	m	And what caused Santiago's muscles  and other cells to start burning  sugar?
STONE	m	An ingested poison of some kind.
KAFFEE	m	Your Honor, we object at this point.  The witness is speculating.
ROSS	m	Commander Stone is an expert medical  witness, in this courtroom his opinion  isn't considered speculation.
KAFFEE	m	Commander Stone is an internist, not  a criminologist, and the medical  facts here are ultimately  inconclusive.
RANDOLPH	m	A point which I'm confident you'll  illustrate to the jury under cross-  examination, so I'm sure you won't  mind if his opinion is admitted now.
KAFFEE	m	Not at all, sir. Objection withdrawn.
ROSS	m	Doctor Stone, did Willy Santiago die  of poisoning?
STONE	m	Absolutely.
ROSS	m	Are you aware that the lab report  and the coroners report showed no  traces of poison?
STONE	m	Yes I am.
ROSS	m	Then how do you justify --
STONE	m	There are literally dozens of toxins  which are virtually undetectable,  both in the human body and on a  fabric. The nature of the acidosis  is the compelling factor in this  issue.
ROSS	m	Thank you, sir.
KAFFEE	m	Commander, you testified that it  takes lactic acidosis 20 to 30 minutes  before it becomes lethal.
STONE	m	Yes.
KAFFEE	m	Let me ask you, is it possible for a  person to have an affliction, some  sort of condition, which might, in  the case of this person, actually  speed up the process of acidosis  dramatically?
KAFFEE	m	Commander, is it possible?
STONE	m	Certainly.
KAFFEE	m	What might some of those conditions  be?
STONE	m	If a person had a coronary disorder...  or a cerebral disorder, the process  would be more rapid.
KAFFEE	m	Commander, if I had a coronary  condition, and a perfectly clean rag  was placed in my mouth, and the rag  was accidentally pushed too far down,  is it possible that my cells would  continue burning sugar after the rag  was taken out?
STONE	m	It would have to be a very serious  condition.
KAFFEE	m	Is it possible to have a serious  coronary condition, where the initial  warning signals were so mild as to  escape a physician during a routine  medical exam?
STONE	m	Possibly. There would still be  symptoms though.
KAFFEE	m	What kind of symptoms?
STONE	m	There are hundreds of symptoms of a --
KAFFEE	m	Chest pains?
STONE	m	Yes.
KAFFEE	m	Shortness of breath?
STONE	m	Yes.
KAFFEE	m	Fatigue?
STONE	m	Of course.
KAFFEE	m	Doctor, is this your signature?
STONE	m	Yes it is.
KAFFEE	m	This in an order for Private Santiago  to be put on restricted duty. Would  you read your hand written remarks  at the bottom of the page, please,  sir.
STONE	m	"Initial testing negative. Patient  complains of chest pains, shortness  of breath, and fatigue. Restricted  from running distances over five  miles for one week."
KAFFEE	m	Commander, isn't it possible that  Santiago had a serious coronary  condition, and it was that condition,  and not some mysterious poison, that  caused the accelerated chemical  reaction?
STONE	m	No. I personally give the men a  physical examination every three  months. And every three months Private  Santiago got a clean bill of health.
KAFFEE	m	And that's why it had to be, poison,  right, Commander? 'Cause Lord knows,  if you put a man with a serious  coronary condition back on duty with  a clean bill of health, and that man  died from a heart related incident,  you'd have a lot to answer for,  wouldn't you, doctor?
ROSS	m	Object. Move to strike.
RANDOLPH	m	Sustained. Strike it.
KAFFEE	m	No more questions, judge.
ROSS	m	Dr. Stone, you've held a license to  practice medicine for 21 years, you  are Board Certified in Internal  Medicine, you are the Chief of  Internal Medicine at a hospital which  serves over 8000 men. In your  professional opinion, was Willy  Santiago poisoned?
JO	m	Your Honor, we re-new our objection  to Commander Stone's testimony, and  ask that it be stricken from the  record. And we further ask that the  Court instruct the jury to lend no  weight to this witness's testimony.
RANDOLPH	m	The objection's overruled, counsel.
JO	m	Sir, the defense strenuously objects  and requests a meeting in chambers  so that his honor might have an  opportunity to hear discussion before  ruling on the objection.
RANDOLPH	m	The objection of the defense has  been heard and overruled.
JO	m	Exception.
RANDOLPH	m	Noted. The witness is an expert and  the court will hear his opinion.
ROSS	m	Doctor, in your expert, professional  opinion, was Willy Santiago poisoned?
STONE	m	Yes.
ROSS	m	Thank you, sir, I have no more  questions.
RANDOLPH	m	Commander, you may step down.
ROSS	m	Please the Court, while we reserve  the right to call rebuttal witnesses  if the need arises, the Government  rests.
RANDOLPH	m	We'll stand in recess until ten- hundred hours this Monday, the l9th  at which time the defense will call  it's first witness.
SERGEANT AT ARMS	m	Ten hut.
SAM	m	I strenuously object? Is that how it  works? Objection. Overruled. No, no,  no, no, I strenuously object. Oh,  well if you strenuously object, let  me take a moment to reconsider.
JO	m	I got it on the record.
SAM	m	You also got it in the jury's head  that we're afraid of the doctor. You  object once so they can hear you say  he's not a criminologist. You keep  after it and it looks like this great  cross we did was just a bunch of  fancy lawyer tricks. It's the  difference between paper law and  trial --
KAFFEE	m	Sam --
SAM	m	Christ, you even had the Judge saying  Stone was an expert!
KAFFEE	m	Sam, she made a mistake. Let's not  relive it.
SAM	m	I'm gonna go call my wife. I'll meet  you tonight.
JO	m	Why do you hate them so much?
SAM	m	They beat up on a weakling, and that's  all they did. The rest is just  smokefilled coffee-house crap. They  tortured and tormented a weaker kid.  They didn't like him. And they killed  him. And why? Because he couldn't  run very fast.
KAFFEE	m	Alright. Everybody take the night  off.
SAM	m	I apologize, I, --
KAFFEE	m	It's alright. We've been working 20  hour days for three and a half weeks  straight. Take the night off. Go see  your wife, see your daughter. Jo, do  whatever it is you do when you're  not here. What day is tomorrow?
SAM	m	Saturday.
KAFFEE	m	We'll start at ten.
SAM	m	Why do you like them so much?
JO	m	'Cause they stand on a wall. And they say "Nothing's gonna hurt  you tonight. Not on my watch."
SAM	m	Don't worry about the doctor. This  trial starts Monday.
JO	m	I'm sorry to bother you, I should've  called first.
KAFFEE	m	No, I was just watching a baseball  game.
JO	m	I was wondering if -- how you'd feel  about my taking you to dinner tonight.
KAFFEE	m	Jo, are you asking me out on a date?
JO	m	No.
KAFFEE	m	It sounded like you were asking me  out on a date.
JO	m	I wasn't.
KAFFEE	m	I've been asked out on dates before,  and that's what it sounded like.
JO	m	Do you like seafood? I know a good  seafood place.
JO	m	My third case was a Drunk and  Disorderly. The trial lasted nine  weeks. I rounded up 31 people who  were in the bar that night.
KAFFEE	m	Nine weeks on a D and D? What was  the prosecutor offering?
JO	m	15 days.
KAFFEE	m	Well, you sure hustled the shit outta  him.
JO	m	After that, they moved me to internal  affairs.
KAFFEE	m	Tough to blame them.
JO	m	Where I've earned two distinguished  service medals and two letters of  commendation.
KAFFEE	m	Why are you always giving me your  resume?
JO	m	Because I want you to think I'm good  lawyer.
KAFFEE	m	I do.
JO	m	No you don't. I think you're an exceptional lawyer.  I watch the jurors, they respond to  you, they like you. I see you  convincing them. I think Dawson and  Downey are gonna end up owing their  lives to you.
KAFFEE	m	Jo... I think you have to prepare  yourself for the fact that we're  gonna lose. Ross's opening speech, it was all  true. I mean, let's pretend for a minute  that it would actually matter to  this jury that the guys were given  an order. We can't prove it ever  happened. We'll keep doing what we're doing,  and we'll put on a show, but at the  end of the day, all we have is the  testimony of two people accused of  murder.
JO	m	We'll find Markinson.
KAFFEE	m	Jo, we're gonna lose. And we're gonna  lose huge.
HOWARD 	m	Corporal Jeffrey Owen Howard, Marine  Barracks Windward, Guantanamo Bay,  Cuba.
KAFFEE	m	Corporal Howard, name some reasons  why a marine would get a code red?
HOWARD	m	Being late for platoon or company  meetings, keeping his barracks in  disorder, falling back on a run...
KAFFEE	m	Have you ever received a code red?
HOWARD	m	Yes sir. We were doing seven man  assault drills, and my weapon slipped.  It's just cause it was over a hundred  degrees and my palms were sweaty and  I'd forgot to use the resin like we  were taught.
KAFFEE	m	And what happened?
HOWARD	m	That night the guys in my squad threw  a blanket over me and took turns  punching me in the arm for five  minutes. Then they poured glue on my  hands. And it worked, too, 'cause I  ain't never dropped my weapon since.
KAFFEE	m	Was Private Santiago ever late for  platoon meetings?
HOWARD	m	Yes sir.
KAFFEE	m	Was his barracks ever in disorder?
HOWARD	m	Yes sir.
KAFFEE	m	Did he ever fall back on a run?
HOWARD	m	All the time, sir.
KAFFEE	m	Did he ever, prior to the night of  August 6th, receive a code red?
HOWARD	m	No sir.
KAFFEE	m	Never?
HOWARD	m	No, sir.
KAFFEE	m	You got a code red 'cause your palms  were sweaty. Why didn't Santiago,  this burden to his unit, ever get  one?
HOWARD	m	Dawson wouldn't allow it, sir.
KAFFEE	m	Dawson wouldn't allow it.
HOWARD	m	The guys talked tough about Santiago,  but they wouldn't go near him. They  were too afraid of Dawson, sir.
ROSS	m	Object. The witness is characterizing.
KAFFEE	m	I'll rephrase. Jeffrey, did you ever  want to give Santiago a code red?
HOWARD	m	Yes sir.
KAFFEE	m	Why didn't you?
HOWARD	m	'Cause Dawson'd kick my butt, sir.
KAFFEE	m	Good enough. Lt. Ross is gonna ask  you some questions now.
ROSS	m	Corporal Howard, I hold here The  Marine Guide and General Information  Handbook for New Recruits. Are you  familiar with this book?
HOWARD	m	Yes sir.
ROSS	m	Have you read it?
HOWARD	m	Yes sir.
ROSS	m	Good. Would you turn to the chapter that  deals with code reds, please.
HOWARD	m	Sir?
ROSS	m	Just flip to the page in that book  that discusses code reds.
HOWARD	m	Sir, you see, Code Red is a term we  use -- it's just used down at GITMO,  sir. I don't know if it actually --
ROSS	m	We're in luck, then. The Marine Corps  Guide for Sentry Duty, NAVY BASE  Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. I assume we'll  find the term code red and its  definition in this book, am I correct?
HOWARD	m	No sir.
ROSS	m	No? Corporal Howard, I'm a marine.  Is their no book, no manual or  pamphlet, no set of orders or  regulations that let me know that,  as a marine, one of my duties is to  perform code reds?
HOWARD	m	No sir. No books, sir.
ROSS	m	No further questions.
KAFFEE	m	Corporal, would you turn to the page  in this book that says where the  enlisted men's mess hall is?
HOWARD	m	Lt. Kaffee, that's not in the book,  sir.
KAFFEE	m	I don't understand, how did you know  where the enlisted men's mess hall  was if it's not in this book?
HOWARD	m	I guess I just followed the crowd at  chow time, sir.
KAFFEE	m	No more questions.
RANDOLPH	m	Corporal Howard, you can step down.
HOWARD	m	Thank you, sir.
KAFFEE	m	Seven tonight, we'll do a final  Kendrick review. I want to slam-  dunk this guy.
KAFFEE	m	Hey, Luther.
LUTHER	m	Admiral, how's the big case goin'?
KAFFEE	m	Nose to the grindstone.
LUTHER	m	No flies on you.
KAFFEE	m	A rolling stone gathers no moss.
LUTHER	m	Yeah, well it ain't over til the fat  lady sings.
KAFFEE	m	Ain't that the truth. Catch you  tomorrow.
VOICE 	m	It's Matthew Markinson.
KAFFEE	m	Jesus fucking Christ!!--
MARKINSON	m	You left the door unlocked.
KAFFEE	m	Scared the shit outta me.
MARKINSON	m	Drive.
KAFFEE	m	Are you aware you're under subpoena?
MARKINSON	m	Yes. I'm also aware that the lives  of two marines are in your hands. If  there was something I could do about  that, I would, but since I can't,  all I can do is help you. Why don't  you drive, Lieutenant.
KAFFEE	m	What do you know?
MARKINSON	m	I know everything.
KAFFEE	m	Was it a code red?
MARKINSON	m	Yes.
KAFFEE	m	Did Kendrick give the order?
MARKINSON	m	Yes.
KAFFEE	m	Did you witness it?
MARKINSON	m	I didn't need to --
KAFFEE	m	Did you witness it?!
MARKINSON	m	No.
KAFFEE	m	Then how do you know?
MARKINSON	m	I know.
KAFFEE	m	You know shit.
MARKINSON	m	He was never gonna be transferred  off the base.
MARKINSON	m	Jessep was going to keep him on the  base. He said he wanted him trained.
KAFFEE	m	We've got the transfer order. It's  got your signature.
MARKINSON	m	I know. I signed it the morning you  arrived in Cuba. Six days after  Santiago died.
KAFFEE	m	I'm gonna get you a deal. Some kind  of immunity with the prosecutor. In  about four days, you're gonna appear  as a witness for the defense, and  you're gonna tell the court exactly  what you told me. Right now I'm gonna  check you into a motel, and we're  gonna start from the beginning.
MARKINSON	m	I don't want a deal. And I don't  want immunity.
MARKINSON	m	I want you to know, I'm proud neither  of what I've done nor what I'm doing.
JO	m	Where is he?
KAFFEE	m	The Route 23 Best Western.
JO	m	I want him guarded.
KAFFEE	m	That's probably a good idea.
JO	m	This is Lt. Commander Joanne Galloway.  My clearance code is 411273.
KAFFEE	m	Clearance code?
JO	m	Thank you.
KAFFEE	m	I don't have a clearance code. Do  you have a --
JO	m	It's Jo Galloway. I need to secure a  witness.
KAFFEE	m	He also said that Jessep's lying  about the transportation off the  base. Jessep said six the next morning  was the first flight Santiago could've  left on, Markinson says there was a  plane that left seven hours earlier.
JO	m	Damn.
KAFFEE	m	That was impressive. Did you hear  what I just said about the flight?
JO	m	Yes.
KAFFEE	m	Sam, when a plane takes off from a  base, there's gotta be some kind of  record kept, right?
SAM	m	We need the Tower Chief's Log for
KAFFEE	m	Get it.
JO	m	We're gonna win.
KAFFEE	m	Jo, don't get crazy about this. We  don't know who Markinson is. We don't  know what the log book's gonna say.  You just concentrate on Downey. I'm  gonna talk to Ross and tell him where  we are.
JO	m	"Kaffee's got his case now, Kaffee's  got his case now."
KAFFEE	m	You are like seven of the strangest  women I have ever met.
ROSS	m	That was nice work today. The redirect  on Howard.
KAFFEE	m	I have Markinson.
ROSS	m	Where is he?
KAFFEE	m	A motel room in Arlington with 14  Federal Marshals outside his door.   Take a sip of your drink.
ROSS	m	Damn.
KAFFEE	m	The transfer order that Parkinson  signed is phoney. And Jessep's  statement that the six a.m. flight  was the first available is a lie,  we're checking the tower chief's  log. But in the meantime I'm gonna  put the Apostle Jon Kendrick on the  stand and see if we can't have a  little fun.
ROSS	m	I have an obligation to tell you  that if you accuse Kendrick or Jessep  of any crime without proper evidence,  you'll be subject to Court-Martial  for professional misconduct. And  that's something that'll be stapled  to every job application you ever  fill out. Markinson's not gonna hold  up, he's a crazy man. I'm not saying  this to intimidate you. I'm being  your lawyer.
KAFFEE	m	Thanks, Jack. And I wanna tell you  that I think the whole fuckin' bunch  of you are certifiably insane. And  this code of honor of yours makes me  wanna beat the shit outta something.
ROSS	m	Don't you dare lump me in with Jessep  and Markinson and Kendrick because  we wear the same uniform. I'm your  friend, Danny, and I'm telling you,  I don't think your clients belong in  jail. But I don't get to make that  decision. I represent the Government  of the United States. Without passion  or prejudice. And my client has a  case. I want you to acknowledge that the  judge advocate has made you aware of  the possible consequences involved  in accusing a marine officer of a  felony without proper evidence.
KAFFEE	m	I've been so advised.
ROSS	m	You got bullied into that courtroom,  Danny. By everyone. By Dawson, by  Galloway, shit, I practically dared  you. Not for a second have you  believed you could win. You got  bullied into that room by the memory  of a dead lawyer.
KAFFEE	m	You're a lousy softball player, Jack.
ROSS	m	Your boys are going down. I can't  stop it anymore.
KAFFEE	m	Batter up, J.J.
KAFFEE	m	Lt. Kendrick, in your opinion, was  Private Santiago a good marine?
KENDRICK	m	I'd say he was about average.
KAFFEE	m	Lieutenant, you signed three fitness  reports on Santiago. On all three  reports you indicated a rating of  Below Average.
KENDRICK	m	Yes. Private Santiago was Below  Average I didn't see the need in  trampling on a man's grave.
KAFFEE	m	We appreciate that, but you're under  oath now, and I think unpleasant as  it may be, we'd all just as soon  hear the truth.
KENDRICK	m	I'm aware of my oath.
KAFFEE	m	Lieutenant, these are the last three  fitness reports you signed for Lance  Corporal Dawson and PFC Downey. Downey  received three straight marks of  Exceptional. Dawson received two  marks of Exceptional, but on this  most recent report, dated June 9th  of this year, he received a rating  of Below Average. It's this last  report that I'd like to discuss for  a moment.
KENDRICK	m	That's fine.
KAFFEE	m	Lance Corporal Dawson's ranking after  Infantry Training School was perfect.  Records indicate that over half that  class has since been promoted to  full corporal, while Dawson has  remained a lance corporal. Was  Dawson's promotion held up because  of this last fitness report.
KENDRICK	m	I'm sure it was.
KAFFEE	m	Do you recall why Dawson was given  such a poor grade on this report?
KENDRICK	m	I'm sure I don't. I have many men in  my charge, Lieutenant, I write many  fitness reports.
KAFFEE	m	Do you recall an incident involving  a PFC Curtis Barnes who'd been found  stealing liquor from the Officer's  Club?
KENDRICK	m	Yes.
KAFFEE	m	Did you report private Barnes to the  proper authorities?
KENDRICK	m	I have two books at my bedside,  Lieutenant, the Marine Code of Conduct  and the King James Bible. The only  proper authorities I'm aware of are  my Commanding Officer, Colonel Nathan  R. Jessep and the Lord our God.
KAFFEE	m	Lt. Kendrick, at your request, I can  have the record reflect your lack of  acknowledgment of this court as a  proper authority.
ROSS	m	Objection. Argumentative.
RANDOLPH	m	Sustained. Watch yourself, counselor.
KAFFEE	m	Did you report Private Barnes to  your superiors?
KENDRICK	m	I remember thinking very highly of  Private Barnes, and not wanting to  see his record tarnished by a formal  charge.
KAFFEE	m	You preferred it to be handled within  the unit.
KENDRICK	m	I most certainly did.
KAFFEE	m	Lieutenant, do you know what a Code  Red is?
KENDRICK	m	Yes I do.
KAFFEE	m	Have you ever ordered a code red?
KENDRICK	m	No, I have not.
KAFFEE	m	Lieutenant, did you order Dawson and  two other men to make sure that  Private Barnes receive no food or  drink except water for a period of  seven days?
KENDRICK	m	That's a distortion of the truth.  Private Barnes was placed on barracks  restriction. He was given water and  vitamin supplements, and I assure  you that at no time was his health  in danger.
KAFFEE	m	I'm sure it was lovely for Private  Barnes, but you did order the barracks  restriction, didn't you? And you did  order the denial of food.
KENDRICK	m	Yes.
KAFFEE	m	Wouldn't this form of discipline be  considered a code red?
KENDRICK	m	Not necessarily.
KAFFEE	m	If I called the other 8000 men at  Guantanamo Bay to testify, would  they consider it a Code Red?
ROSS	m	Please the court, the witness can't  possibly testify as to what 8000  other men would say. We object to  this entire line of questioning as  argumentative and irrelevant badgering  of the witness.
RANDOLPH	m	The Government's objection is  sustained, Lt. Kaffee, and I would  remind you that you're now questioning  marine officer with an impeccable  service record.
ROSS	m	Thank you judge.
KAFFEE	m	Lieutenant, was Dawson given a rating  of Below Average on this last fitness  report because you learned held been  sneaking food to Private Barnes? Not so fast. Lieutenant?
KENDRICK	m	Corporal Dawson was found to be Below  Average because he committed a crime.
KAFFEE	m	What crime did he commit? Lieutenant Kendrick? Dawson brought a hungry guy some  food. What crime did he commit?
KENDRICK	m	He disobeyed an order.
KAFFEE	m	And because he did, because he  exercised his own set of values,  because he made a decision about the  welfare of a marine that was in  conflict with an order of yours, he  was punished, is that right?
KENDRICK	m	Corporal Dawson disobeyed an order.
KAFFEE	m	Yeah, but it wasn't a order, was it?  After all, it's peacetime. He wasn't  being asked to secure a hill... or  advance on a beachhead. I mean, surely  a marine of Dawson's intelligence  can be trusted to determine on his  own, which are the really important  orders, and which orders might, say,  be morally questionable. Lt. Kendrick? Can he? Can Corporal Dawson determine  on his own which orders he's gonna  follow?
KENDRICK	m	No, he can not.
KAFFEE	m	A lesson he learned after the Curtis  Barnes incident, am I right?
KENDRICK	m	I would think so.
KAFFEE	m	You know so, don't you, Lieutenant.
ROSS	m	Object!
RANDOLPH	m	Sustained.
KAFFEE	m	Lieutenant Kendrick, one final  question: if you ordered Dawson to  give Santiago a code red...
ROSS	m	-- please the court --
KENDRICK	m	I told those men not to touch  Santiago.
KAFFEE	m	-- is it reasonable to think that he  would've disobeyed you again?
ROSS	m	Lieutenant, don't answer that.
KAFFEE	m	You don't have to, I'm through.
ROSS	m	Lieutenant Kendrick, did you order  Corporal Dawson and Private Downey  to give Willy Santiaga code red?
ROSS	m	Lt. Kendrick, did you --
KENDRICK	m	No I did not.
ROSS	m	Thank you.
KAFFEE	m	What's the word?
SAM	m	This is the tower chief's log for  that night. Jessep was telling the  truth. The six a.m. flight was the  first plane out.
KAFFEE	m	Let me see that.
AGENT #1	m	Workin' late, lieutenant?
KAFFEE	m	There was no flight out at eleven  o'clock. What the fuck are you trying  to pull?
MARKINSON	m	The first flight stateside left  Guantanamo Bay at eleven and arrived  at Andrews Airforce Base, Maryland,  at a few minutes past two.
KAFFEE	m	Then why the hell isn't it listed in  the Tower Chief's log?!
MARKINSON	m	Why the hell did you think it would  be?!!
KAFFEE	m	What are you telling me? He fixed the log book?
KAFFEE	m	Well, maybe he can make it so a plane  didn't take off, but I can sure as  hall prove that one landed. I'll get  the log book from Andrews.
KAFFEE	m	He made an entire flight disappear?
MARKINSON	m	Nathan Jessep is about to be named  Director of Operations for the  National Security Council. You don't  get to that position without knowing  how to side-step a few land mines. And putting me on the stand isn't  gonna make him step on one.
KAFFEE	m	You're taking the stand. Thursday.
KAFFEE	m	There's gotta be someone who can  testify to the flight. A ground crew  member. Someone.
SAM	m	Do you have any idea how many planes  take off and land every day? A kid  from the ground crew isn't gonna  remember a flight that landed four  weeks ago.
KAFFEE	m	Forget the flight. We'll put Markinson  on the stand and we'll deal with  Jessep's refusal to transfer Santiago  and he'll testify to the forged  transfer order. That'll be enough.  That and Downey's testimony really  oughta be enough.
JO	m	Private Downey, why did you go into  Santiago's room on the night of the  6th?
DOWNEY	m	To give Private Santiago a Code Red,  ma'am.
JO	m	And why did you give him a Code Red?
DOWNEY	m	I was ordered to give him a Code Red  by the Executive officer for Rifle  Security Company Windward, Lieutenent  Jonathan James Kendrick.
JO	m	You're gonna do fine.
DOWNEY	m	You think they'll let us go back to  our platoon soon, ma'am?
JO	m	Absolutely.
JO	m	You remember the order of the  questions?
KAFFEE	m	Yes.
JO	m	Are you sure?
KAFFEE	m	Yes.
JO	m	And you'll use small words?
KAFFEE	m	Yes.
JO	m	He gets rattled when he doesn't  understand something.
KAFFEE	m	Jo --
JO	m	I'm just saying go slow.
KAFFEE	m	I'm gonna go slow.
JO	m	Okay.
KAFFEE	m	Alright.
JO	m	And get him off as fast as you can.
KAFFEE	m	Joanne!
JO	m	What?
KAFFEE	m	He's gonna be fine.
MARKINSON 	m	"Dear Mr. and Mrs. Santiago..."
MARKINSON 	m	I was William's company commander.   I knew your son vaguely, which is to  say I knew his name...
MARKINSON 	m	In a matter of time, the trial of  the two man charged with your son's  death will be concluded, and seven  men and two women whom you've never  met will try to offer you an  explanation as to why William is  dead. For my part, I've done as much  as I can to bring the truth to light.
MARKINSON 	m	And the truth is this: your son is  dead for only one reason. I wasn't  strong enough to stop it.
MARKINSON 	m	Always, Captain Matthew Andrew  Markinson.
MARKINSON 	m	United states marine corps.
KAFFEE	m	Private, I want you to tell us one  last time: Why did you go into Private  Santiago's room on the night of August  6th?
DOWNEY	m	A code red was ordered by my platoon  commander, Lt. Jonathan James  Kendrick.
KAFFEE	m	Thank you. Your witness.
ROSS	m	Private, for the week of 2 August,  the switch log has you down at Post  39, is that correct?
DOWNEY	m	I'm sure it is, sir, they keep that  log pretty good.
ROSS	m	How far is it from Post 39 to the  Windward barracks?
DOWNEY	m	It's a ways, sir, it's a hike.
ROSS	m	About how far by jeep?
DOWNEY	m	About ten, fifteen minutes, sir.
ROSS	m	Have you ever had to walk it?
DOWNEY	m	Yes sir. That day, sir. Friday. The  Pick-up Private -- sir, that's what  we call the fella who drops us at  our posts and picks us up... also,  'cause he can get girls in New York  City -- the Pick-up Private got a  flat...
DOWNEY	m	...Right at 39. He pulled up and  blam! ...A blowout-with no spare.  The two of us had to double-time it  back to the barracks.
ROSS	m	And if it's ten or fifteen minutes  by jeep, I'm guessing it must be a  good hour by foot, am I right?
DOWNEY	m	Pick-up and me did it in 45 flat,  sir.
ROSS	m	Not bad. Now you say your assault on  Private Santiago was the result of  an order that Lt. Kendrick gave in  your barracks room at 16:20.
DOWNEY	m	Yes sir.
ROSS	m	But you just said that you didn't  make it back to Windward Barracks  until 16:45.
DOWNEY	m	Sir?
ROSS	m	If you didn't make it back to your  barracks until 16:45, then how could  you be in your room at 16:20?
DOWNEY	m	You see sir, there was a flat tire.
ROSS	m	Private, did you ever actually hear  Lt. Kendrick order a Code Red?
DOWNEY	m	No, sir.
JO	m	Please the court, I'd like to request  a recess in order to confer with my  client.
ROSS	m	Why did you go into Santiago's room?
JO	m	The witness has rights.
ROSS	m	The witness has been read his rights,  commander.
DOWNEY	m	Hal?
RANDOLPH	m	The question will be repeated.
ROSS	m	Why did you go into Santiago's room?
JO	m	Your honor --
DOWNEY	m	Hal?
ROSS	m	Did Corporal Dawson tell you to do  it?
ROSS	m	He did, didn't he? Dawson told you  to give Santiago a code red.
DOWNEY	m	Hal?
ROSS	m	Don't look at him.
DOWNEY	m	Hal?
DAWSON	m	Private. Answer the Lieutenant's  question.
DOWNEY	m	Yes, Lieutenant. I was given an order  by my squad leader, Lance Corporal  Harold W. Dawson of the U.S. Marine  Corps. And I followed it.
JO	m	Where do you think he is?
JO	m	As far as Downey was concerned, it  was an order from Kendrick. It didn't  matter that he didn't hear it first  hand. He doesn't distinguish between  the two.
JO	m	Danny. I'm sorry.
KAFFEE	m	Don't worry about it.
JO	m	Sam and I were just talking about  how all we really have to do is call  some witnesses who'll talk about  implied orders... or maybe we put  Downey back on the stand before we  get to Dawson.
KAFFEE	m	Maybe if we work at it we can get  Dawson charged with the Kennedy  assassination.
JO	m	Are you drunk?
KAFFEE	m	Pretty much. Yeah.
JO	m	I'll make a pot of coffee. We have a  long night's work ahead.
KAFFEE	m	She's gonna make coffee. That's nice. He wasn't in his room. He wasn't even there. That was an important piece of  information, don't you think?
JO	m	Danny, it was just a setback. I'm  sorry. But we'll fix it and then  move on to Markinson.
KAFFEE	m	Markinson's dead.
KAFFEE	m	You really gotta hand it to those  Federal Marshals, boy. It's not like he hanged himself by  his shoelaces or slashed his wrists  with a concealed butter knife. This  guy got, into full dress uniform,  stood in the middle of that room,  drew a nickle plated pistol from his  holster, and fired a bullet into his  mouth.
KAFFEE	m	Anyway, since we seem to be out of  witnesses, I thought I'd drink a  little.
JO	m	I still think we can win.
KAFFEE	m	Then maybe you should drink a little.
JO	m	Look, we'll go to Randolph in the  morning and make a motion for a  continuance. 24 hours.
KAFFEE	m	Why would we want to do that?
JO	m	To subpoena Colonel Jessep.
KAFFEE	m	What?
JO	m	Listen for a second --
KAFFEE	m	No.
JO	m	Just hear me out --
KAFFEE	m	No. I won't listen to you and I won't  hear you out. Your passion is  comforting, Jo. It's also useless.  Private Downey needed a trial lawyer  today.
JO	m	You chicken-shit. You're gonna use  what happened today as an excuse to  give up.
KAFFEE	m	It's over!
JO	m	Why did you ask Jessep for the  transfer order?
KAFFEE	m	What are you --
JO	m	In Cuba. Why did you ask Jessep for  the transfer order?
KAFFEE	m	What does it matter --
JO	m	Why?!
KAFFEE	m	I wanted the damn transfer order!
JO	m	Bullshit! You could've gotten it by  picking up the phone and calling any  one of a dozen departments at the  Pentagon. You didn't want the transfer  order. You wanted to see Jessep's  reaction when you asked for the  transfer order. You had an instinct.  And it was confirmed by Markinson.  Now damnit, let's put Jessep on the  stand and end this thing!
KAFFEE	m	What possible good could come from  putting Jessep on the stand?
JO	m	He told Kendrick to order the Code  Red.
KAFFEE	m	He did?! Why didn't you say so!?  That's qreat! And of course you have  proof of that.
JO	m	I --
KAFFEE	m	Ah, I keep forgetting: You were sick  the day they taught law at law school.
JO	m	You put him on the stand and you get  it from him!
KAFFEE	m	Yes. No problem. We get it from him. Colonel, isn't it true that you  ordered the Code Red on Santiago?
SAM	m	Look, we're all a little --
KAFFEE	m	I'm sorry, your time's run out. What  do we have for the losers, Judge?  Well, for our defendants it's a  lifetime at exotic Fort Levenworth.  And for defense counsel Kaffee? That's  right -- it's -- a court -- martial.  Yes, Johnny, after falsely accusing  a marine officer of conspiracy, Lt.   Kaffee will have a long and prosperous  career teaching typewriter maintenance  at the Rocco Columbo School for Women.   Thank you for playing "Should We or  Should-We-Not Follow the Advice of  the Galacticly Stupid".
JO	m	I'm sorry I lost you your set of  steak knives.
KAFFEE	m	Stop cleaning up.
KAFFEE	m	Sam. Stop cleaning up.
KAFFEE	m	You want a drink?
SAM	m	Yeah.
KAFFEE	m	Is your father proud of you?
SAM	m	Don't do this to yourself.
KAFFEE	m	I'll bet he is. I'll bet he bores  the shit outta the neighbors and the  relatives. "Sam, made Law Review.   He's got a big case he's making --  He's arguing making an argument." I think my father would've enjoyed  seeing me graduate from law school. I think he would've liked that... an  awful lot.
SAM	m	Did I ever tell you that I wrote a  paper on your father in college?
KAFFEE	m	Yeah?
SAM	m	He was one of the best trial lawyers  ever.
KAFFEE	m	Yes he was.
SAM	m	And if I were Dawson and Downey and  I had a choice between you or your  father to represent me in this case,  I'd take you any day of the week and  twice on Sunday. You should have  seen yourself thunder away at  Kendrick.
KAFFEE	m	Would you put Jessep on the stand?
SAM	m	No.
KAFFEE	m	You think my father would've?
SAM	m	With the evidence we've got? Not in  a million years. But here's the thing -- and there's really no way of getting  around this -- neither Lionel Kaffee  nor Sam Weinberg are lead counsel  for the defense in the matter of  U.S. versus Dawson and Downey. So  there's only one question. What would  you do?
KAFFEE	m	Joanne.
KAFFEE	m	Jo, we look ridiculous. Stop the car.
KAFFEE	m	Joanne.
KAFFEE	m	I apologize. I was angry and... I'm  sorry about what I said.
KAFFEE	m	I'm gonna put Jessep on the stand.
JO	m	I say we hit him with the phoney  transfer order.
SAM	m	What's the transfer order without a  witness?
KAFFEE	m	We have a witness.
SAM	m	A dead witness.
KAFFEE	m	And in the hands of a lesser attorney,  that'd be a problem.
SAM	m	Look at this. Last night he was  swimming in his Jack Daniels, now he  can leap tall buildings in a single  bound.
KAFFEE	m	I'm getting my second wind. Siddown.  Both of you.
KAFFEE	m	Good. Jessep told Kendrick to order a code  red. Kendrick did, and our clients  followed the order. The cover-up  isn't our case. To win, Jessep has  to tell the jury that he ordered the  code red.
SAM	m	And you think you can got him to  just say it?
KAFFEE	m	I think he wants to say it. I think  he's pissed off that he's gotta hide  from us. I think he wants to say  that he made a command decision and  that's the end of it. He eats  breakfast 80 yards away from 4000  Cubans who are trained to kill him,  and no one's gonna tell him how to  run his base. Least of all the pushy  broad, the smart Jew, and the Harvard  clown. I need to shake him and put  him on the defensive.
SAM	m	That's it? That's the plan?
KAFFEE	m	That's the plan.
SAM	m	You're gonna trip Jessep and he's  gonna confess.
KAFFEE	m	I'm not gonna trip him. I'm gonna  lead him right where he's dying to  go.
SAM	m	And how are you gonna do that?
KAFFEE	m	I have no idea. I need my bat.
JO	m	What?
KAFFEE	m	I need my bat. I think better with  my bat. Where's my bat?
JO	m	I put it in the closet.
KAFFEE	m	You put it in the closet.
JO	m	I was tripping over it.
KAFFEE 	m	Don't ever put a bat in a closet.
JO	m	He thinks better with his bat?
SAM 	m	I can understand that. I used to  have stuffed panda named Mr. Boob. I  could never do my home work without  him.
KAFFEE	m	Stay here, I'm going to the office  for a while.
SAM	m	Boy, he does think better with that  bat.
KAFFEE	m	Sam. I need you to do something.
JO	m	What's goin' on?
SAM	m	I've gotta go out to Andrews.
KAFFEE	m	Is Sam here?
JO	m	Not yet.
KAFFEE	m	Where is he?
JO	m	He's on his way.
KAFFEE	m	Did he got the guys?
JO	m	Yes. Listen, can I talk to you for a  second?
JO	m	How're you feeling?
KAFFEE	m	I think he's gonna have his hands  full today.
JO	m	Listen. Danny. When you're out there. If it's not  gonna happen he's not gonna say it ...don't go for it.
JO	m	If you feel like... if you feel  like... You could get in trouble. I'm special counsel for internal  affairs, and I'm telling you, you  could get in a lot of trouble.
KAFFEE	m	Why Lt. Commander Galloway... are  you suggesting I back off a material  witness?
JO	m	If you think you can't get him. Yeah.
KAFFEE	m	Do you think I can get him?
JO	m	I think it doesn't matter what I  think. I'm an administrator. I can't seem to defend people.
KAFFEE	m	You're my hero, Joanne. From the first day, you were a lawyer. Live with that.
SERGEANT AT ARMS 	m	All rise.
RANDOLPH	m	Call your witness.
KAFFEE	m	Where's Sam?
JO	m	He'll be here.
RANDOLPH	m	Lieutenant, call your witness.
KAFFEE	m	Defense calls Colonel Nathan Jessep.
ROSS	m	Colonel, do you solemnly swear that  the testimony you will give in this  General Court-Martial will be the  truth, the whole truth, and nothing  but the truth so help you God?
JESSEP	m	Yes I do.
ROSS	m	Would you state your name, rank, and  current billet for the record please,  air?
JESSEP	m	Colonel Nathan R. Jessep, Commanding  officer, Marine Ground Forces,  Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
ROSS	m	Thank you, sir, would you have a  seat, please.
KAFFEE	m	Colonel, when you learned of  Santiago's letter to the NIS, you  had a meeting with your two senior  officers, is that right?
JESSEP	m	Yes.
KAFFEE	m	The Executive Officer, Lt. Jonathan  Kendrick, and the Company Commander,  Captain Matthew Markinson.
JESSEP	m	Yes.
KAFFEE	m	And at present, Captain Markinson is  dead, is that right?
ROSS	m	Objection. I'd like to know just  what defense counsel is implying?
KAFFEE	m	I'm implying simply that, at present,  Captain Markinson is not alive.
ROSS	m	Surely Colonel Jessep doesn't need  to appear in this courtroom to confirm  that information.
KAFFEE	m	I just wasn't sure if the witness  was aware that two days ago, Captain  Markinson took his own life with a  .45 caliber pistol.
RANDOLPH 	m	The witness is aware, the Court is  aware, and now the jury is aware. We  thank you for bringing this to our  attention. Move on Lieutenant.
KAFFEE	m	Yes sir. Colonel, at the time of  this meeting, you gave Lt. Kendrick  an order, is that right?
JESSEP	m	I told Kendrick to tell his men that  Santiago wasn't to be touched.
KAFFEE	m	And did you give an order to Captain  Markinson as well?
JESSEP	m	I ordered Markinson to have Santiago  transferred off the base immediately.
KAFFEE	m	Why?
JESSEP	m	I felt that his life might be in  danger once word of the letter got  out.
KAFFEE	m	Grave danger?
JESSEP	m	Is there another kind?
KAFFEE	m	We have the transfer order that you  and Markinson co-signed, ordering  that Santiago be lifted on a flight  leaving Guantanamo at six the next  morning. Was that the first flight  off the bass?
JESSEP	m	The six a.m. flight was the first  flight off the base.
KAFFEE	m	Colonel, you flew up to Washington  early this morning, is that right?
JESSEP	m	Yes.
KAFFEE	m	I notice you're wearing your Class A  appearance in dress uniform for court  today.
JESSEP	m	As are you, Lieutenant.
KAFFEE	m	Did you wear that uniform on the  plane?
ROSS	m	Please the Court, is this dialogue  relevant to anything in particular?
KAFFEE	m	The defense didn't have an opportunity  to depose this witness, your honor.   I'd ask the Court for a little  latitude.
RANDOLPH	m	A very little latitude.
KAFFEE	m	Colonel?
JESSEP	m	I wore fatigues on the plane.
KAFFEE	m	And you brought your dress uniform  with you.
JESSEP	m	Yes.
KAFFEE	m	And a toothbrush? A shaving kit?  Change of underwear?
ROSS	m	Your honor.
KAFFEE	m	Is the Colonel's underwear a matter  of national security?
RANDOLPH	m	Gentlemen. You better get somewhere fast with  this, Lieutenant.
KAFFEE	m	Yes sir. Colonel?
JESSEP	m	I brought a change of clothes and  some personal items.
KAFFEE	m	Thank you.
KAFFEE	m	After Dawson and Downey's arrest on  the night of the sixth, Santiago's  barracks room was sealed off and its  contents inventoried. Pairs of camouflage pants, 6  camouflage shirts, 2 pairs of boots,  1 pair of brown shoes, 1 pair of  tennis shoes, 8 khaki tee-shirts, 2  belts, 1 sweater --
ROSS	m	Please the Court, is there a question  anywhere in our future?
RANDOLPH	m	Lt. Kaffee, I have to --
KAFFEE	m	I'm wondering why Santiago wasn't  packed.
KAFFEE	m	I'll tell you what, we'll get back  to that one in a minute.
KAFFEE	m	This is a record of all telephone  calls made from your base in the  past 24 hours. After being subpoenaed  to Washington, you made three calls.
KAFFEE	m	I've highlighted those calls in  yellow. Do you recognize those  numbers?
JESSEP	m	I called Colonel Fitzhuqhes in  Quantico, Va. I wanted to let him  know I'd be in town. The second call  was to set up a meeting with  Congressman Ramond of the House Armed  Services Committee, and the third  call was to my sister Elizabeth.
KAFFEE	m	Why did you make that call, sir?
JESSEP	m	I thought she might like to have  dinner tonight.
ROSS	m	Judge --
RANDOLPH	m	I'm gonna put a stop to this now.
KAFFEE	m	Your honor, these are the telephone  records from GITMO for August 6th.   And these are 14 letters that Santiago  wrote in nine months requesting, in  fact begging, for a transfer. Upon hearing the news that he was  finally getting his transfer, Santiago  was so excited, that do you know how  many people he called? Zero. Nobody.  Not one call to his parents saying  he was coming home. Not one call to  a friend saying can you pick me up  at the airport. He was asleep in his  bed at midnight, and according to  you he was getting on a plane in six  hours, yet everything he owned was  hanging neatly in his closet and  folded neatly in his footlocker. You  were leaving for one day and you  packed a bag and made three phone  calls. Santiago was leaving for the  rest of his life, and he hadn't called  a soul and he hadn't packed a thing.  Can you explain that? The fact is  there was no transfer order. Santiago  wasn't going anywhere, isn't that  right, Colonel.
ROSS	m	Object. Your Honor, it's obvious  that Lt. Kaffee's intention this  morning is to smear a high ranking  marine officer in the desperate hope  that the mere appearance of  impropriety will win him points with  the jury. It's my recommendation,  sir, that Lt. Kaffee receive an  official reprimand from the bench,  and that the witness be excused with  the Court's deepest apologies.
RANDOLPH	m	Overruled.
ROSS	m	Your honor --
RANDOLPH	m	The objection's noted.
KAFFEE	m	Colonel?
KAFFEE	m	Is this funny, sir?
JESSEP	m	No. It's not. It's tragic.
KAFFEE	m	Do you have an answer?
JESSEP	m	Absolutely. My answer is I don't  have the first damn clue. Maybe he  was an early morning riser and he  liked to pack in the nq. And maybe  he didn't have any friends. I'm an  educated man, but I'm afraid I can't  speak intelligently about the travel  habits of William Santiago.  What I  do know is that he was set to leave  the base at 0600. Now are these really  the questions I was called here to  answer? Phone calls and footlockers?  Please tell me you've got something  more, Lieutenant. Please tell me  there's an ace up your sleeve. These  two marines are on trial for their  lives. Please tell me their lawyer  hasn't pinned their hopes to a phone  bill. Do you have any other questions for  me, counselor?
RANDOLPH	m	Lt. Kaffee?
RANDOLPH	m	Lieutenant, do you have anything  further for this witness?
JESSEP	m	Thanks, Danny. I love Washington.
KAFFEE	m	Excuse me, I didn't dismiss you.
JESSEP	m	I beg your pardon.
KAFFEE	m	I'm not through with my examination.  Sit down.
JESSEP	m	Colonel.
KAFFEE	m	What's that?
JESSEP	m	I'd appreciate it if he addressed me  as Colonel or Sir. I believe I've  earned it.
RANDOLPH	m	Defense counsel will address the  witness as Colonel or Sir.
JESSEP	m	I don't know what the hell kind of  an outfit you're running here.
RANDOLPH	m	And the witness will address this  Court as Judge or Your Honor. I'm  quite certain I've earned it. Take  your seat, Colonel.
JESSEP	m	What would you like to discuss now!  My favorite color?
KAFFEE	m	Colonel, the six a.m. flight, was  the first one off the base?
JESSEP	m	Yes.
KAFFEE	m	There wasn't a flight that left seven  hours earlier and landed at Andrews  Airforce Base at 2 a.m.?
RANDOLPH	m	Lieutenant, I think we've covered  this, haven't we?
KAFFEE	m	Your Honor, these are the Tower  Chief's Logs for both Guantanamo Bay  and Andrews Airforce Base. The  Guantanamo log lists no flight that  left at eleven p.m., and the Andrews  log lists no flight that landed at 2  a.m. I'd like to admit them as Defense  Exhibits "A" and "B".
RANDOLPH	m	I don't understand. You're admitting  evidence of a flight that never  existed?
KAFFEE	m	We believe it did, sir. Defense'll be calling Airman Cecil  O'Malley and Airman Anthony Perez.  They were working the ground crew at  Andrews at two a.m. on the seventh.
ROSS	m	Your Honor, these men weren't on the  list. Rebuttal witnesses, Your Honor,  called specifically to refute  testimony offered under direct  examination.
RANDOLPH	m	I'll allow the witnesses.
JESSEP	m	This is ridiculous.
KAFFEE	m	Colonel, a moment ago --
JESSEP	m	Check the Tower Logs for christ's  sake.
KAFFEE	m	We'll get to the airmen in just a  minute, sir. A moment ago said that  you ordered Kendrick to order his  men not to touch Santiago.
JESSEP	m	That's right.
KAFFEE	m	And Kendrick was clear on what you  wanted?
JESSEP	m	Crystal.
KAFFEE	m	Any chance Kendrick ignored the order?
JESSEP	m	Ignored the order?
KAFFEE	m	Any chance he just forgot about it?
JESSEP	m	No.
KAFFEE	m	Any chance Kendrick left your office  and said, "The 'old man's wrong"?
JESSEP	m	No.
KAFFEE	m	When Kendrick spoke to the platoon  and ordered them not to touch  Santiago, any chance they ignored  him?
JESSEP	m	Have you ever spent time in an  infantry unit, son?
KAFFEE	m	No sir.
JESSEP	m	Ever served in a forward area?
KAFFEE	m	No sir.
JESSEP	m	Ever put your life in another man's  hands, ask him to put his life in  yours?
KAFFEE	m	No sir.
JESSEP	m	We follow orders, son. We follow  orders or people die. It's that  simple. Are we clear?
KAFFEE	m	Yes sir.
JESSEP	m	Are we clear?
KAFFEE	m	Crystal.
KAFFEE	m	Colonel, I have just one more question  before I call Airman O'Malley and  Airman Perez: If you gave an order  that Santiago wasn't to be touched,  and your orders are always followed,  then why would he be in danger, why  would it be necessary to transfer  him off the base?
JESSEP	m	Private Santiago was a sub-standard  marine. He was being transferred off  the base because --
KAFFEE	m	But that's not what you said. You  said he was being transferred because  he was in grave danger.
JESSEP	m	Yes. That's correct, but --
KAFFEE	m	You said, "He was in danger". I said,  "Grave danger". You said --
JESSEP	m	Yes, I recall what --
KAFFEE	m	I can have the Court Reporter read  back your --
JESSEP	m	I know what I said. I don't need it  read back to me like I'm a damn --
KAFFEE	m	Then why the two orders? Colonel? Why did you --
JESSEP	m	Sometimes men take matters into their  own hands.
KAFFEE	m	No sir. You made it clear just a  moment ago that your men never take  matters into their own hands. Your  men follow orders or people die. So  Santiago shouldn't have been in any  danger at all, should he have,  Colonel?
JESSEP	m	You little bastard.
ROSS	m	Your Honor, I have to ask for a recess  to --
KAFFEE	m	I'd like an answer to the question,  Judge.
RANDOLPH	m	The Court'll wait for answer.
KAFFEE	m	If Kendrick told his men that Santiago  wasn't to be touched, then why did  he have to be transferred?
KAFFEE	m	Colonel?
KAFFEE	m	Kendrick ordered the code red, didn't  he? Because that's what you told  Kendrick to do.
ROSS	m	Object!
RANDOLPH	m	Counsel.
KAFFEE	m	And when it went bad, you cut these  guys loose.
ROSS	m	Your Honor --
RANDOLPH	m	That'll be all, counsel.
KAFFEE	m	You had Markinson sign a phony  transfer order --
ROSS	m	Judge --
KAFFEE	m	You doctored the log books.
ROSS	m	Damnit Kaffee!!
KAFFEE	m	I'll ask for the forth time. You  ordered --
JESSEP	m	You want answers?
KAFFEE	m	I think I'm entitled to them.
JESSEP	m	You want answers?!
KAFFEE	m	I want the truth.
JESSEP	m	You can't handle the truth!
JESSEP	m	Son, we live in a world that has  walls. And those walls have to be  guarded by men with guns. Who's gonna  do it? You? You, Lt. Weinberg? I  have a greater responsibility than  you can possibly fathom. You weep  for Santiago and you curse the  marines. You have that luxury. You  have the luxury of not knowing what  I know: That Santiago's death, while  tragic, probably saved lives. And my  existence, while grotesque and  incomprehensible to you, saves lives. You don't want the truth. Because  deep down, in places you don't talk  about at parties, you want me on  that wall. You need me there. We use words like honor, code,  loyalty... we use these words as the  backbone to a life spent defending  something. You use 'em as a punchline. I have neither the time nor the  inclination to explain myself to a  man who rises and sleeps under the  blanket of the very freedom I provide,  then questions the manner in which I  provide it. I'd prefer you just said  thank you and went on your way.  Otherwise, I suggest you pick up a  weapon and stand a post. Either way,  I don't give a damn what you think  you're entitled to.
KAFFEE	m	Did you order the code red?
JESSEP	m	I did the job you sent me to do.
KAFFEE	m	Did you order the code red?
JESSEP	m	You're goddamn right I did.
KAFFEE	m	Please the court, I suggest the jury  be dismissed so that we can move to  an immediate Article 39a Session.   The witness has rights.
RANDOLPH	m	Lt. Ross?
KAFFEE	m	Jack.
RANDOLPH	m	The Sergeant at Arms will take the  jury to an ante-room where you'll  wait until further instruction.
JESSEP	m	What the hell's going on?
JESSEP	m	Captain, what the hell's going on? I  did my job. I'd do it again. Now I'm  getting on a plane and going back to  my base.
RANDOLPH	m	M.P.'s, guard the prisoner.
ROSS	m	Guard the prisoner.
JESSEP	m	What the hell --
ROSS	m	Colonel Jessep, you have the right  to remain silent. Any statement you  do make can be used against you in a  trial by court-martial or other  judicial or administrative proceeding.   You have the right...
JESSEP	m	I'm being charged with a crime? I'm --  that's what this is -- Marine! Marine!! I'm being charged with a crime? I'm --  that's what's happening? This -- I'm -- this is funny, you know that, this  is --
JESSEP	m	I'm gonna tear your eyes right outta  your head and piss in your dead skull.   You fucked with the wrong marine.
ROSS	m	Colonel Jessep, do you understand  those rights as I have just read  then to you?
JESSEP	m	I saved lives. That boy was -- there  was a weak link. I saved lives, you  hear me?
JESSEP	m	You fuckin' people. You have no idea how to defend a  nation. All you did was weaken a country  today, Kaffee. That's all you did.  You put people in danger. Sweet  dreams, son.
KAFFEE	m	Don't call me son. I'm a lawyer, and an officer of the  United States Navy. And you're under  arrest you sonofabitch.
KAFFEE	m	The witness is excused.
SERGEANT AT ARMS	m	Ten-hut.
RANDOLPH	m	Have the jurors reached a verdict?
JURY FOREMAN	m	We have, sir.
RANDOLPH	m	On the charge of Murder, the Members  find the defendants Not Guilty.
RANDOLPH	m	On the charge of Conspiracy to Commit  Murder, the Members find the  defendants Not Guilty.
RANDOLPH	m	On the charge of Conduct Unbecoming  a United States Marine, the members  find the defendants Guilty as Charged.
RANDOLPH	m	The defendants are hereby sentenced  by this court to time already served,  and are ordered...
RANDOLPH	m	...And are ordered to be dishonorably  discharged from the marine corps. This Court-Martial is adjourned.
SERGEANT AT ARMS	m	Ten hut.
SERGEANT AT ARMS	m	Dismissed.
DAWSON	m	Why?
KAFFEE	m	Harold, I'm sorry.
DAWSON	m	Why?!
DOWNEY	m	I don't understand. Colonel Jessep  said he ordered the Code Red.
JO	m	I know, but --
DOWNEY	m	Colonel Jessep said he ordered the  Code Red, what did we do wrong?
JO	m	It's not as simple as --
DOWNEY	m	What did we do wrong?
DAWSON	m	We did nothing wrong.
SAM	m	Yes you did! A jury just said your  conduct was unbecoming a marine.  What does that mean?!
DAWSON	m	You're the lawyer.
SAM	m	You're the marine.
DAWSON	m	Not anymore.
DAWSON	m	I never meant to hurt Willy.
SERGEANT AT ARMS	m	Kaffee, I've gotta take these guys  over to personnel for some paper  work.
SERGEANT AT ARMS	m	Gentleman?
KAFFEE	m	Harold!
DAWSON	m	Sir!
KAFFEE	m	You don't need to wear a patch on  your arm to have honor.
DAWSON	m	Ten-hut.
DAWSON	m	There's an officer on deck.
ROSS	m	Airmen Cecil O'Malley and Anthony  Perez? What exactly were these guys  gonna testify to?
KAFFEE	m	Unless I'm mistaken they were gonna  testify, under oath, that they have  absolutely no recollection of  anything.
ROSS	m	Strong witnesses.
KAFFEE	m	And very handsome, too, don't you  think?
ROSS	m	I'll see you around the campus.   I've gotta go arrest Kendrick.
KAFFEE	m	Tell him I say "Hi".
ROSS	m	Will do.
JO	m	What do you say we take the rest of  the day off. Go out someplace. Sam?  Champagne? Yoo-Hoo?
SAM	m	Thanks, I can't. I'm gonna go home  and talk to my daughter. I think  she's gotta be bilingual by now.
JO	m	So what's next for you?
KAFFEE	m	Staff Sargeant Henry Williamson. He  went to the movies on company time.  What about you?
JO	m	Me? Oh... you know... the usual.
KAFFEE	m	Just pretty much generally annoying  people?
JO	m	Yeah. So what do you say? How 'bout a  celebration?
KAFFEE	m	No. How 'bout a date. A real date.  Dinner. Attractive clothes. The works.
JO	m	Sounds good.  Who do you think I  should call?
KAFFEE	m	I'll pick you up at seven.
JO	m	What are you gonna do now?
KAFFEE	m	I'm gonna get started on Henry  Williamson. Stand my post for a while.
JO	m	Wear matching socks.

