LT	m	How many times are you gonna miss  the bus? Huh? All the other kids can  get up in the morning, but you guys  wanna be driven around like the  fucking President. I'm your goddamn  chauffeur!
TWINS	m	Shit, man. It wasn't our fault! --  You think Sis is so perfect, well,  if she hadn't hogged the fucking  bathroom, maybe we -- I thought Aunt  Lu was dead! She was in there so  long...
LT	m	Shut up! Listen!
TWIN	m	They're gonna win the Series in four!
LT	m	All the way with Strawberry!
TWINS	m	Strawberry!
LT	m	Shit, man -- there's your fucking  bus I oughtta make you late! Make  the nuns whack the shit outa ya both.
LT	m	Get going.
BET COP	f	Two Black kids came up out of nowhere  and shot those chicks. Then they  laughed as they walked away. The  Press is gonna call it the "Giggling  Man Murders." I'll tell ya. What a  world.
BET COP	f	But hey -- we make the best of it,  man, don't we? Huh? How about them  Mets!
LT	m	No fucking way they're gonna do it  in four games straight.
COP ONE	m	You serious, man? I wanna go Mets  all the way!
LT	m	Go ahead, man.If you've got shit for  brains. But if you wanna win the  bucks, go with Oakland.
COP TWO	m	I thought Strawberry was gonna --
LT	m	I know that nigger like he's my  brother. He ain't gonna let us off  so easy. He'll make us sweat first.  This game's going to Oakland. Not a  doubt in my mind, man.
BET COP	f	I'm in. Here.
LT	m	I got them all going for Oakland.  With bullshit money. We'll cover the
LT	m	I want 15 on the Mets.
LT	m	Hey, man. Don't give me that bullshit.  Don't pussy-out on me. The Mets are  a fucking lock. I wanna make some  money.
LITE	m	Are you sure?
LT	m	Yeah. I'm sure.
BUSINESSMAN	m	Police! Police! Help me! Police!
LT	m	Hey, man, gimme something cooked!
LT	m	It's good shit. From when they busted  those Columbians uptown. You can cut  it in half.
LT	m	I got this guy. But there's someone  across the street on the roof!
JC	m	That stuff'll kill you quick, man.
LT	m	What the fuck are you? A drug  counselor or a drug dealer? And you  don't even do your own product! What  kind of businessman are you?
JC	m	The rich kind. Jeez, man. The way you smoke that  shit is suicide.
LT	m	Fuck you. Just give me back a little something  for the road.
JC	m	See you in a coupla days. Have the  cash ready.
ARIANE	f	Got something good for us?
ARIANE	f	I'm gonna need some bread, man. This  ain't fair. I'm always here for you,  and you can't even take decent care  of me. My landlord is bitching like  a motherfucker! You're two months  behind on the rent, Lieutenant!
LT	m	Didya ever think of moving to a  cheaper apartment? $3,500 a month is  crazy, man!
ARIANE	f	It's nothing. This is New York, man... Oh -- I forgot. Bowtay needs some  cash to buy her new acting headshots  out of the developers. It's a good  investment, man. She could make  serious money!
ARIANE	f	We've been rehearsing a new monologue.  From Shad's Saint Joan, you know?  Bowtay does it wonderfully well.
LT	m	All right, Bowtay. Show us your stuff.
ARIANE	f	There's nothing!
ARIANE	f	Go out and get some Diet Cokes.
LT	m	What's going on?
COP	m	Uh, Lieutenant, Sir -- The owner  says they stole cash from the  register. He was chasing them down  the block when I caught up with them.
YOUNG BLACK KID	m	We didn't do nothing, man !
LT	m	Shut the fuck up!
LT	m	Go get me a Bud. A High Boy. And  make sure it's fucking cold. I'll straighten this out.
LT	m	How much did they take?
KOREAN OWNER	m	Five hundred dollars cash.
YOUNG BLACK KID	m	We didn't --
LT	m	Take this guy down to the Precinct.  I need to talk to him.
LT	m	Gimme the money! Now!
YOUNG BLACK KID	m	We told you, man. We didn't take no --
LT	m	Give me the fucking money, assholes!
LT	m	What the fuck are ya standing there  for? Be gone!
LT	m	Take over until your boss gets back.  Gimme a 6 of Diet Cokes and a 6 of  Budweiser.
ARIANE	f	I got you a present. Better shit  then you got, cop!
LT	m	Brown Downtown... There hasn't been  any smoking brown on the street in --
ARIANE	f	Who said anything about the fucking  street. I've got more connects than  you have, Lieutenant...
LT	m	Did I win? Shit! The game!
LT	m	What's the score? What's the fucking  score?
ANCIENT AUNT	m	I dunno...
LT	m	Why me, man?
LT	m	Shut the fuck up! Did you see that?
TWINS	m	It's 7-0: Oakland. That nigger could have let it drop  and gone home.
LT	m	Hey, Veronica baby, looking good!  What's going down?
LT	m	I'll put it in my trunk.
LT	m	I guess he was a bigtime dealer... What d'ya know... A kilo of 'caine...
SERGEANT	m	Where the fuck did that come from?
LT	m	I can't fucking believe it...
COP A	m	But I still can't fucking believe  they'd rape a nun, man...
LT	m	What's this shit about a nun getting  raped?
COP B	m	Where the fuck have you been? It  happened this morning, up at St.  Dominiek's in Spanish Harlem. A coupla  punks tore up the place and then  gave it to the nuns but good.
LT	m	What's going on?
FIRST COP	m	They raped a nun and tore up the  church -- they even took a crap on  the altar. Up in Spanish Harlem.
SECOND COP	m	She was only seventeen...
FIRST COP	m	Who the fuck could do this?!
OLD IRISH COP	m	The young nun's just a kid from  Ireland. Imagine having to come here  to have that happen!
SECOND COP	m	Jesus... What's she gonna tell her  mother?
OLD IRISH COP	m	I'm gonna kill those motherfuckers.
THIRD COP	m	The Church already put up a $50,000  reward!
FIRST COP	m	Well, one of us is gonna get it. I  mean -- get them.
FIRST COP	m	Here's to payback for the nuns!
SECOND COP	m	Anyone got any leads, at all?
FIRST COP	m	We got shit to go on. Only that list  of inventory -- what they stole from  the church.
THIRD COP	m	Y'know they actually stole those  wacky purple robes? And they took  the chalice -- with the Host still  inside!
SECOND COP	m	What did they want with the Host?
THIRD COP	m	They were hungry. I dunno. They didn't  want to hock the Host, they wanted  to hock that golden chalice.
LT	m	Leave it to the Catholic Church,  man. Girls get raped everyday, and  now they're gonna pay 50 G just  because these chicks wore penguin  suits!
OLD IRISH COP	m	What's your fucking problem?!
LT	m	The Church is a racket.
OLD IRISH COP	m	So what. Are you a Catholic?
LT	m	Sure!
OLD IRISH COP	m	Do you believe in God?
BET COP	f	To Hell with this God stuff. How's  that Strawberry? He does what ever  you want him to, huh Lieutenant?  Even strike out! I bet you won a shitload on Oakland.  How much, huh?
LT	m	More than you did.
GAMBLER COP TWO	m	Well, let's see some green!
LT	m	If you know what's good for you,  you'll keep staying on Oakland!
BET COP	f	Oakland? Is that how you're going?
LT	m	Yeah. Sure. Don't you get it? The  series has gotta last seven games.  The last two did, didn't they? It's  a racket. Do you have any idea how  much money they make selling  television-time for commercials during  the series? Especially if it's a New  York team? They won't close the gold  mine after only four games. It'll  last a full seven. Too many people  wanna milk it for what it's worth.  You'll see!
BET COP	f	All right... I'm in. After all, you're  the expert. Ain't that right, LT?
LT	m	You'll be sorry, man. But if you  wanna be a sissy, here's your bread.
COP ONE	m	Strawberry? I thought we were going  with Oakland.
LT	m	We are, man! That's the point! If  the Mets win, it's thanks to  Strawberry. If Oakland wins, it's  thanks to Strawberry. Nothing can  happen out there on the field that  don't gotta do with Strawberry. So  here's to Strawberry!
NURSE	f	Can I help you?
LT	m	I'm in charge of the investigation.  Just checking security.
NURSE	f	Security?
LT	m	Do you want those guys coming back?  For the nun? Or for you?
DOCTOR	m	They inserted a crucifix eleven  centimeters into her vaginal aperture,  breaking the hymen membrane. Then  they pursued the same course with  their natural organs of sexual  penetration. They used a sharp object,  probably a hunting knife with a curved  blade, to carve a cross between her  shoulder blades, entering the flesh  an average of nearly one centimeter  throughout the area of the wound.  They --
LT	m	Have you ever seen a naked nun? I  tell you, man, I went to school with  the nuns, I've seen hundreds since  then and I've never even seen a nun's  belly button, you understand? But  this nun, let me tell you. What a  beautiful lady... And where'd the Church get the 50 G  in the first place? The fucking Church  is the biggest scam going. You know  what's the real killer? It costs  $8,000 per kid for them to go to  parochial school. I've got three  kids in there already, with two on  the way! Christ. That fucking reward  is my money, man! But that's Church  policy. The Pope is the world's  biggest bookie. Makes people bet on  their own salvation! Double or nothing  on Heaven. You go to Hell -- then go  to Hell. In the beginning was the  Word, and the Word was bullshit.
ARIANE	f	I can't get over what those guys did  to her. I just can't.
LT	m	They're alive, aren't they? Come on,  man! Everyone's making such a fucking  fuss, just because she's a nun. Just  because she wears a penguin suit,  the church puts up 50 G for the guys  who dared to rape her. Do you think  they'd put up a dime if you got raped?  Of course not. Or even for your little  sister? The virgin? Like shit they  would.
ARIANE	f	Susie's not a virgin anymore.
LT	m	She's fucking nine years old! Jesus  Christ.
ARIANE	f	And the nun's not a virgin anymore,  either. Will they make her leave the  convent?
LT	m	Who knows? Who knows what their policy  is. But I'll tell you, man, that nun...  She was beautiful. Just beautiful...  Tall... Real tall... I've never seen  anything like it...
LT	m	Lite, man... Where the fuck are you?
ARIANE	f	It's horrible. They burned her breasts  with cigarettes. Christ.
LT	m	Yeah? At least she's alive! I see  people get killed every day! Worse  yet, tortured first and then killed!  The nuns got off easy. Jeez. Cigarette  burns. Everyone's all upset about  fucking cigarette burns. I'll show  you cigarette burns!
ARIANE	f	Do you believe in God? Do you believe  that Jesus Christ is the Son of God?.
LT	m	Yeah, I know, I know all about it.  Enough already about the fucking  nuns. Yeah. Yeah. So just take the  bet. Don't give me any hassles, man.  Just put in my bet. 30 G's. Yeah.  And I got $900 from the cops on  Oakland. Yeah. Right. Strawberry's  gonna knock em dead. Of course he  is! You know that! Yeah. Yeah. Have  faith, man! OK. Right.
ARIANE	f	Do you believe in God?
LT	m	The Church is a fucking racket. I  know how they operate. I've been  part of the racket since the first  time some faggot priest spilt water  on my head. My Aunt Lu says I was  crying all the way through. Yeah, I  know their game inside out. Now I'm  free of it and I'm gonna stay that  way.
ARIANE	f	I'm not talking about the fucking  Church. Fuck the Church. But tell  me. Do you believe in God?
LT	m	What's to believe?
ARIANE	f	That Jesus Christ was the Son of God  and he came to die for your sins.
ARIANE	f	Your sins, Lieutenant! And look around you! Where do you  think all this shit came from?
LT	m	People.
ARIANE	f	You believe that man is the be-all  and end-all?
LT	m	Yeah.
ARIANE	f	OK. OK. Fine. But -- do you believe  in God?
LT	m	I believe in God the Father Almighty,  Creator of Heaven and Earth...
LT	m	You wouldn't put some religious trip  on me, would you?
JERSEY GIRL	f	Uh-uh... What?
LT	m	Good. Show me your papers.
LT	m	Who's this person? It ain't you, and  it ain't you, so who is it?
GIRL	f	My Aunt.
LT	m	So you took the car from you Aunt.  Stole it. Am I right?
GIRL	f	We were gonna give it back! We're on  our way home, now!
LT	m	Yeah, yeah.
LT	m	Now why don't I just call up your  Aunt right now and tell her what's  gone down. How about that?
LT	m	Well, I'm sure we could arrange  something... Unless you fancy a few  days in jail...
COP 1	m	Can't you tell us anything? Sisters?  Anything at all?
ELDERLY NUN	m	They broke my glasses. I didn't see  anything, but I did hear them. They  were young. And there were two of  them. They spoke Spanish. One of  them was named Julio.
LT	m	Julio. Great. There are 20,000 spics  named "Julio".
ELDERLY NUN	m	I would tell you more if I could. I  am so sorry, Officers.
COP 2	m	What about you, Sister? Won't you  tell us anything?
MONSIGNOR	m	Listen. One nun is nearly 80 years  old. I'm not from this Church, of  course, but I assume they'll be  getting her a new pair of glasses.  Apparently she's legally blind without  them. The Sister who suffered a rape  is just 17. She arrived from Ireland  only a couple of months ago. This --  event -- is just too much for them  to take!
MONSIGNOR	m	Listen. The Church would like to  know who did it just as much as the  NYPD. These arrant criminals broke  the laws of man, and the laws of  God. The Church wants nothing more  than to see them behind bars. That's  why we're offering the $50,000 reward  to whomever brings them in. I'm sure  our hero will be one of New York's  Finest.
LITE	m	OK asshole. You owe thirty grand.  Now what are you gonna do?
LT	m	I wanna go double or nothing on the  next game.
LITE	m	Double or nothing? Are you fucking  out of your mind?
LT	m	I'm not gonna let that bastard take  my money
LITE	m	Take your money? This guy will blow  up your house and everyone in it!
LT	m	There's just no way the Mets will  lose this game. Gooden is pitching  and Strawberry is ready to break  out.
LITE	m	Fuck Strawberry. You're gonna end up  owing 60 G to a homicidal maniac!
LT	m	That's my problem. Just put in my  bet.
NUN	f	Forgive me Father, for I have sinned.  It has been two days since my last  confession. Father, my sin is a  terrible sin. A sin of omission.  There was another sin that happened  at the same time, and in the same  place, but my sin I think was graver  stil.
PRIEST	m	Sister, we all know what happened to  you yesterday morning. I expected  that you would want to speak to me  about it. But you could have come to  my office. Your being here, in the  confessional, implies that you,  Sister, have done something wrong.  You haven't. I assure you. I feared  you might have misplaced feelings of  guilt. If you condemn yourself because  you experienced feelings of...  curiosity or even... pleasure, you  mustn't --
NUN	f	Father, if it was so trivial, so  natural, so -- No. I have sinned.  And you must listen if you are to  prescribe an appropriate act of  contrition, and to absolve me. Father,  what would you do if you had but one  day in which to use your arms to  serve God?
PRIEST	m	It's funny, you knew. But the first  thing I think of is kneading the  bread that I help bake for the soup  kitchen. Maybe that's because my the  muscles in my arms still hurt.
NUN	f	I also thought of that bread, Father.  And of that night six days ago when  the Mother Superior died, and I kept  the cool, damp cloth on her forehead  freshly moist. Father, what would  you do if you had but one day in  which to use your legs to serve God?
PRIEST	m	I think of running for help, and  falling to my knees in prayer.
NUN	f	As I have prayed day and night since  the desecration of this church  yesterday morning -- and my sin. You  see, Father --
PRIEST	m	Yes, Sister?
NUN	f	Yesterday morning, God gave me but  one chance to use something else to  serve Him. Not my arms or my legs,  but something I used for the first  time, for the last time, and will  never use again. My vagina.
NUN	f	Those boys, those sad, raging boys...  They came to me as the needy do. And  like many of the needy, they were  rude. Like all the needy, they took.  And like all the needy, they needed. Father. I knew them; They learn in  our school. And play in our  schoolyard. And they are good boys.
PRIEST	m	You knew them? Who were they, Sister? Who are these  boys? What are the names of these --  good boys you knew?
NUN	f	I could tell you their names now,  and I know you'd be bound by a sacred  vow to keep my secret. But I cannot  tell you their names. For I, too, am  bound. As I am bound now to confess  my sins. So listen, Father Listen. I am a nun. What did I give those  boys that they could not have found  elsewhere? Nothing. Nothing at all.  There were always two of us in the  act. The act was half my own. It  does not seem to me the act was half  the act of a once of Christ. It is the lost chance that will remain  on the ledger of my sins. Not the  loss of my virginity. The rape forced  upon me a choice. As a vessel of the  spirit. I could have imbued my vagina  with God. Or, I could have turned  away from God and voided my body of  spirit, so that all that was left  for those boys was a lump of flesh.  I chose the second path. The easier,  path. The path of the material world.  The path no nun has the right to  take. And so, I sinned. My vagina spread, but spread no word.  It opened, on nothingness. It gave  nothing at all and left nothing  behind. No trace of my act, yes my  act. For I was there, too, remains  in the landscape of God.
NUN	f	Jesus turned water to wine. I ought  to have turned bitter semen to fertile  sperm -- hatred to love. And maybe  to have saved their souls. They did  not love me. I ought to have loved  them. As Jesus loved those who reviled  him. I ought to have surprised those  boys. Instead, they surprised me,  and got no surprise at all. No, they  did not rape a nun. But a nun has  been raped. And the nun must now  atone for her sin. For a God-given  part of her was wasted. A part which  other women use for procreation, for  conjugal fulfillment, for expressions  of love. I had but one chance. And I  did nothing but react in pain. When those boys placed their hands  upon my breasts, they had nothing  but an assortment of skin cells in  their grasp. They ought to have felt,  through me. The bosom of their  Redeemer. When they lay on top of me  and looked down into my eyes, they  saw fear. They should have met the  eyes of a lover, And felt the presence  of the Prince of Peace... My vagina. I shall never have again.  And never again shall I encounter  two boys whose prayer was more  legible, more poignant, more  anguished. Two young men who threw  themselves upon the altar and took  me with them. And I did nothing for  them. I can only hope that someone  will.
LITE	m	Do you have the money?
LT	m	What money?
LITE	m	Don't bullshit me.
LT	m	I don't got it. Not tonight. You  can't get blood from a stone.
LITE	m	This psycho can.
LT	m	Oooo... Big fucking scary guy. Just  put $120,000 on tomorrow's game.
LITE	m	You're a fucking joke, you know that? He's been waiting for the money since  the fucking game ended. And I've  been waiting here since -- forget  it. Listen up. You're gonna get us  both fucking killed. You know that!
LT	m	Uh-uh. I'm gonna win. Just make sure  the bet gets in.
LITE	m	You do know that he's gonna blow up  your house, kill your wife and kids --
LT	m	Good. I'll give him an extra 10 grand  for his trouble. I hate that  motherfucking house and --
LITE	m	He's gonna kill you, man. Do you  hear me, motherfucker? You. Dead.  Get it?
LT	m	I've been dodging bullets since I  was fourteen. No one can kill me.  I'm fucking blessed. I'm fucking  Catholic.
LITE	m	How's the case going?
LT	m	What case?
LITE	m	The fucking rapists, man. The punks  who raped that nun. The $50,000 reward  from the Church! Remember?
LT	m	Yeah. Sure. Yeah. We're on it bigtime.  Lots of leads. You bet.
LITE	m	That 50 G could help you --
LT	m	The Mets are gonna win the Series.  They're a lock.
LT	m	Get this, man. I was at the game  today. Face to fucking face with  Strawberry! Jesus! I saw him  strikeout. And you know what? He  looked at me, and I looked at him,  and he laughed and I laughed and it  was like we were all alone in that  whole stadium and only we understood  that it was all a racket, that he  struck out on purpose, and that he's  saving it up for the Big One.  Tomorrow. Today I understood for the  very first time that --
LITE	m	You've really got a problem.
LT	m	-- that there was never any other  way it could have gone. Never any other way. So you had better  just put in my fucking bet. $120,000  on the last game. The Big One. Come  on! Are you a bookmaker, or fucking  what?
LITE	m	Here. Look I'll give you the psyho's  number You call him yourself and  tell him wnat you want.
LITE	m	You couldn't pay 60. You lose, you'll  be in for 180. To a guy who kills  people for nothing.
LITE	m	I was supposed to meet him at midnight  with the 60. It's already 1:00 AM.  Be careful. I mean it.
JC	m	How are you doing, man?
LT	m	Very good. Very good. The Mets are  gonna win tomorrow.
JC	m	I know. Here. Just a moment.
JC	m	This should be it. Oh, wait. Mamacita?
JC	m	There. Now you've got your profit  and more. You'll have more product  day after tomorrow, right?
LT	m	Uh - right. Sure. The Mets are gonna  win tomorrow.
JC	m	I know. Take care of yourself, man, OK? Be  cool.
LT	m	Someone just took a shot at me...
ARIANE	f	Sure, baby Sure And you don't do  cocaine, either.
LT	m	It's not the drugs, Ariane, it's --  it's someone who wants to kill me. You gotta believe me!
ARIANE	f	Why?
LT	m	Just kick back, baby. Make yourself  at home. But of course it won't be nobody's  home, if you don't come through with  the fucking rent!
LT	m	Hello? Is LARGE there?
LT	m	Look, man. Lite gave ne this number.  OK? Just take a message. Tell Large  to fucking call me right away at 123- 1234. Got it?
MOB VOICE	m	Sure, I get it...
LT	m	I'm a good friend of Lite's, man.  It's urgent that --
LT	m	Christ! Shit! I could kill them all  with my bare hands.
ARIANE	f	Who?
LT	m	Those fucking Mob assholes.
ARIANE	f	C'mere. You got some good blow, right?
LT	m	Yeah.
ARIANE	f	Then c'mere. I got something for  you.
ARIANE	f	First I'll put your Uptown in the  spoon, then, to make it more exciting,  I'm gonna add some Downtown. They  call this thing a speedball, honey,  but then you must know that... First time shooting up?
LT	m	Nah...
ARIANE	f	Sure it is. You're a virgin. Just  like that nun. And I'm gonna rape  you.
LT	m	Large?
LT	m	It's still my money. If you want to  have a chance at any part of it,  shithead, you will take my $120,000  and bet on tomorrow's game.
LT	m	Fuck yesterday's game. The World  Series is seven games not six. Put  in my bet.
LT	m	There's nothing to think about. Either  you put in my bet or you ain't getting  nothing.
LARGE	m	Oh, really?
LT	m	Yeah, really. I'm no fucking asshole,  man. I'm a fucking cop!
LT	m	Fuck the nuns, man! I'm talking about  Strawberry! Is the bet down?
LT	m	Yeah, sucker. You better be there!
LT	m	Can you believe the nerve of this  fucking guy? He kills people for  fun, and then, he puts up 100 G to  bring in some guys who raped a nun.  What a sick fuck. Man...
ARIANE	f	Who?
LT	m	A wiseguy. Paying 100 Grand for the  rapists if I turn then over direct  to him.
ARIANE	f	But you could do it, baby. We could  use the bread...
LT	m	You mean you could use it.
LT	m	I got it, man! I will find those  kids. And I'll get the 50 G from the  Church! Then the kids'll go to jail. I'll be in charge, of course. After  a little while, I'll break the fuckers  out -- and I'll turn them in to  shithead I was just talking to. And  pick up his 100 G. No. I'll hit him  up for 200 G. Or 250 G. l can do it --  'cause I've got the kids. Then, of  course, there's the 180 G I'm gonna  pick up on the Game tonight -- when  the Strawberries win!
ARIANE	f	"The Strawberries"?
LT	m	The Mets. So anyway, chalk up another  180 G for the Game. Jesus Christ!  That's almost half a million dollars.  Ariane! Wait. That's not good enough,  I'll ask the shithead for 280 G for  the kids. Then it'll be a perfect  500 thousand. Yeah. Perfect. 280 G  for the kids. Yeah, it's good I  prepared, or I wouldn't have thought  to --
ARIANE	f	How come all those guys who're looking  to get 50 from the Church haven't  come up with shit? You got some kinda  inside track?
LT	m	I'm a Catholic.
LT	m	Listen to me, Sister, listen to me  good. The other cops'll just put the  guys through the system. They're  juveniles. They'll walk! Get it? But  I'll beat the system and do justice.  Real justice. For you.
NUN	f	I have already forgiven them.
LT	m	Come on lady! They put out cigarettes  on your tits, man! Get with the  program! Don't you want them behind  bars? Or away from the world for  good? How could you forgive these  motherfu -- excuse me. These guys.  How could you? Deep down, don't you  want them to pay for what they did  to you? Don't you want the crime  avenged?
NUN	f	I have forgiven them.
LT	m	Nun! These boys still have their  weapons, Sister. Your forgiveness  will leave blood in its wake. What  if they do it to other nuns? Other  virgins? Old women who die from the  shock? Do you have the rights let  these boys go free? Can you bear the  burden. Sister?
NUN	f	I have prayed for days, Lieutenant.  I have prayed for the souls of the  boys who raped me. And I have prayed  for my own soul, too. I know what I  must do. And I know what I must not  do. But you -- you -- it is you who needs  to pray. Now, why do you want to  kill these boys? Why -- really?
LT	m	Look. Sister. No one has to get  killed. We can solve this together.  You and me -- as one. These boys are  lost sheep. Both Catholic -- did you  know that? And they're sick, Sister.  With a stress of the mind and of the  soul. They need help. Not just jail.  Not just psychiatry. They need the  help that only the Church can give.  Please help me to help them. Help me  find them before the others do. The  night is full of evil men, chasing  these boys with guns and clubs. We  have charity and love on our side. I  know that together, we could find  them first, even in the dark...
NUN	f	The good reasons are not always the  real reasons. Talk to Jesus,  Lieutenant. Pray. You do you believe in God -- don't  you? That Jesus Christ died for your  sins?
LT	m	Me?
LT	m	You can't forgive me. After what  I've done. I've fucked up bigtime. I've been  bad. Real bad.
JESUS	m	I forgive you.
LT	m	Please. Please don't forgive me.  I've always hated you for that.
JESUS	m	I forgive you.
LT	m	Why? Why can't you hate me? Hate me!  Please! Help me! Hate me! Help me! Hate me!
JESUS	m	I forgive you.
LT	m	Why? Jesus! Why me? Why can't I wash  the ashes from my forehead, year  after year after year? And why am I  still drunk on your blood, the taste  of your flesh on my tongue? Worst of  all, why can't I feel the nails in  my palms, the spear in my side, the  crown of thorns round my head? Why  do I have to know, over and over,  that it was you. You who died; died  for my sins! And that I will die for  nothing. Why?
JESUS	m	I forgive you.
LT	m	Why do I dream every night of the  whore who brought you water on your  road to death? And why have I never  forgotten that if she, then I --
LT	m	Oh God, my God. it's goddamn good to  be good. Forgive me. Father, for I  have sinned. It's still goddamn good  to be good.
JESUS	m	I forgive you.
LT	m	The chalice. Tell me! Who gave it to  you! Tell me where the fuck you got  it! Take me there! Now!
ELDERLY BLACK WOMAN	f	I can't tell you.
LT	m	In the name of God, you must.
ELDERLY BLACK WOMAN	f	My husband will give me Hell, Mister.
LT	m	We've already got Hell, Sister.
ELDERLY BLACK WOMAN	f	It's very hard. He's a -- you're not  a cop, are you?
LT	m	No. Not a cop.
ELDERLY BLACK WOMAN	f	My husband is a fence. He got this  chalice from a couple of kids. Just  yesterday, I think. I stole it out  of his shop so as to return it to  where it ought to be. It's a holy  thing, you know. A holy thing.
LT	m	A holy thing. Let's go.
FENCE	m	You took the chalice.
ELDERLY BLACK WOMAN	f	Yes.
FENCE	m	You brought it back to the Church.  And then it made it's way back to  me, again.
ELDERLY BLACK WOMAN	f	Yes.
ELDERLY BLACK WOMAN	f	Are you all right, honey?
FENCE	m	I was gonna bring it back myself.
FENCE	m	Jesus, woman! What did you think?  You thought I'd get mad like I did  that time you took that set of pots  and pans? That was twenty years ago.  And how do you compare pots and pans  and a chalice?
LT	m	They both hold stuff you eat.
FENCE	m	So what are you doing here?
ELDERLY BLACK WOMAN	f	He wants to know who brought in the  chalice.
FENCE	m	That's no mystery. Julio and Paolo  brought it in, You don't want to hurt those boys,  do you? I mean, they sure as Hell  have got something coming, but it  ain't what the Law wants to give  them. You understand? No. How could you understand.
FENCE	m	Well -- maybe you do. But I don't  know where those boys are at right  now. You'll have to ask around. Those  boys on the corner'll know. You'll  have to get it out of them. But they  know.
LT	m	Thank you. And I'll make sure the  chalice gets back where it belongs.
LT	m	Hey -- Have you seen Paolo or Julio  around?
STREET DEALER	m	What the fuck you want.
LT	m	You know, my Uncle used to wear a  walkman all the time. The walkman  looked just like yours. And you look  something like my Uncle. But one day  he was standing in a puddle -- the  puddle locked just like that one --
STREET DEALER	m	And what?
LT	m	And he got electrocuted.
LT	m	Look -- I don't know you, and you  don't know me, but I'm really in the  mood to kill someone today and you  are at the end of my gun. Have you ever had days like that?  Yeah, you have, so now you understand  where I'm coming from. Tell me! Where is Julio and Paolo ?
STREET DEALER	m	They were at that abandoned building  last night. Second floor. They're  probably still there now. It's next  to the old Convent. Downtown a ways.  You know the place...
JULIO	m	Who the fu--
LT	m	Shut up. Let's watch the game.
LT	m	Strawberry...
PAOLO	m	Yeah...
LT	m	Give me the robes.
JULIO	m	You're not a cop are you?
LT	m	No.
LT	m	Jesus died for your sins, you  motherfuckers! Not me. No. I didn't  die for your sins. No, not me. Jesus  went and did it. So why did you do what you did? If  you want to live, tell me now,  motherfuckers! Tell me now!
LT	m	I forgive you.
LT	m	Get out.
LT	m	If you think you're not getting on  this bus, you're dead wrong. No  fucking way are you gonna miss this  bus, man! You were probably the kind  of kids who had your father drive  you to school cause you couldn't  catch the fucking bus. But no more,  man. You're getting on this bus and  you're taking it to the last fucking  stop. So get on the fucking bus,  man, 'cause you're life ain't worth  shit in this town.

