Brian. You're back. Thanks for calling. Huh. Not quite. Just visiting. I live in  Lincoln Park now. I work for city hall. What, you think I just dried up and  blew away when you left? The world  does turn once in awhile Brian, even  without your permission. You've certainly matured. I don't want to be your friend, Brian. Brian? You look like... Brian. 'Bout written you off. How long have  you been in town? Four months? Oh Brian... You guys... you really know how to  put each other through it, don't  you? Yeah, you'd be surprised what three  years can do to a kid. Stephen told him you were killed in  a hot tub accident. Stephen's not staying here now, Brian.  He moved out last April. You guys ought to try picking up a  phone once in awhile. You used that last week. I wanted to talk to you about Alan  Seagrave's death. We still haven't  gotten a fire report from your office. --The point is, Investigator, you  haven't even told us yet if the fire  was accidental. We're starting to  get the feeling your office is  dragging out this case to embarrass  the Alderman because of his fire  dept. reorganization program -- We'd just be very disappointed if it  turned out your office was playing  politics. When I was twenty. Look, I'm not the same girl who had  nothing better to do than wrap her  legs around you on a Saturday night.  This isn't about fun. I'm working  here. Let me tell you something. Martin  Swayzak is going to be this town's  next mayor. Why do you think Marty came here  tonight? Because he cares about your  department. You don't know how hard  he works. You don't know about his  programs helping West Side -- Bullshit. Marty's plan is only about  efficiency. I've got two cousins on  the job, you think I'd work for him  if I didn't believe in it? -- Tom, how nice to see you. I know  Marty'll be very happy you came.  Thanks so much for the donation. Marie... how's little Kevin? Really?  Seen the polls? This is the year... -- The thing that really makes me  angry is the way your union has -- Yeah, well I like to think I'm just  a little past hanging out on JP II  watching the Irish pick fights and  Litwalks barf in the planters. Yuck, what a scumbag. No, but there's more exercise --  being chased around a desk. Brian, this is my boss, Alderman  Swayzak. Brian's a big fan of yours. Boy, took you all of thirty seconds  to blow that. Brian, do you always have to be so  stupid? Think about your future for  once. Look, I didn't mean to take a piece  out of you back there, I just thought  you'd call when you came back. You  didn't and... Don't blow it just because of this  garbage between us. Stephen, I'm kinda busy here, can we  talk about this later? Here we go... Ah those McCaffreys... just hate  leaving a party with anyone left  standing... Can I help you guys at all? Sally must be finally ironing your  shirts. I'm sorry... I miss him... I just miss him,  y'know?... My baby! My baby's still up there! I'll take it in my office. Brian? ...Okay. I'll arrange things with  your assignment captain. Marty's a good man, Brian. As supervising psychiatrist I would  describe Mr. Bowland's progress as  remarkable. Taking into account his  disability and the six years already  served, I recommend parole. Stephen, what are you doing here? It's not your roof anymore. He's got piano lessons. He's going to be a fireman. Stephen, you gotta stop just showing  up on the roof like this. -- You remember. The great communicator. He deserved it. He was born deserving  it. Okay. You treated me like shit. You want some coffee? What's wrong, Stephen? C'mon, you only beat up the roof  when something's on your mind. How's Brian doing? I know he's out, but how's he doing? Ah Stephen, that's what this is really  about, isn't it? You always have to  be right. Yeah? When was the last time? You can't keep being his father... Straightest answer your department's  given me all week. How's it going? Green committed to a thousand. There's another fund-raising party  tonight. Marty'd really like you to  come. I could use a date. Hi. If you weren't at least the 300th  person to ask me that, I'd probably  be pissed. Boy, you sure know it's a man's world  sometimes... You think that's really any of your  business? Marty did. But I wanted you to come to. How's the job going? Boy, Rimgale's as slow as a snail,  isn't he? Yeah, but it doesn't take Albert  Einstein just to figure out if these  guys were killed by accidents or  not. But Rimgale's probably going to come  around to arson. Save me. Got anything to drink in there? Homey. Do you miss it? You seem like you do. Then why did you quit? So show me your fire truck. Uh huh. Tell me about the playpipe again... What's going on? What are they doing? Brian. What's wrong? I didn't know it was a secret. There  aren't supposed to be secrets between  the city and its investigators -- Will you please keep your voice down,  there's people -- I was doing my job. Let me ask you something, do you  really think Marty had you assigned  to arson because of your firefighting  skills? Who the hell are you kidding?  I was there, remember? I saw you and  your brother -- Oh yeah, he's the real fireman. Who are you? Just another probie  working for Swayzak -- You knew what we were asking you to  do. Don't suddenly pull out a  conscience now. The fit isn't right. Oh Brian... Well color me stupid, I always thought  the fire dept. put out fires. Till yesterday. What do you think  the odds are that a non-refundable  ticket to Paris survived this? Shit. What a mess. Jeff Holcomb? The Darth Vader of tax  accountants? He was a sleezeball.  Hopefully a sleezeball that carried  some insurance. He was the building owner. Don't investigators come in adult  size? Hi. We still talking? Look, I'm sorry about the other day -- I don't know anything about it. Do you know what you're asking me to  do? Y'know, four years ago I was working  in a bakery. Two years ago I was  bringing Marty coffee and he didn't  even know my name. I run that office  now. Marty believed in me and I  believe in him. You want me to just  throw that away? Stephen? What's wrong? Stephen... I... can I talk to you a  second... -- No, that's okay. It's just Sean... I don't want to confuse him, Stephen. It's... It's just things have  changed... you're the same, Stephen,  but things are different now... you've  got a son... you're the best at what  you do Stephen, you always were, but  you scare me now... Latest polls came in, Marty. Marty? Jesus Christ, Marty, what's going  on? We've come a long way together, Marty.  I've staked my whole career on you.  And now you're sneaking around this  office, leaking things to the papers  behind my back... Is there something you're not telling  me about these deaths? Just take it. That's a dumb thing to say. Goodbye, Brian. I quit two days ago, Brian. I don't have the slightest idea... It's a small town. 