Guards come exactly every three minutes.... Gum. It doesn't have to be. Everybody knows that if you mess with the Kremlin, you'll end up in a Siberian gulag eating your own fingernails. That was beautiful. Hudson, God's given you a gift for cat burglary, you can t just... Something like that. Oh thank God, you're dead... I know, I know, your Eminence, just say "God go with me." I'm going to find out. You got it. Operation Deflower Mayflower is a bad joke and I'm the punchline. I thought we were using the CIA to help us to get Mayflower, but really the CIA was using me to keep us away from Mayflower. A little petting is not the issue! He came into a world where crime is a legitimate business tactic and a legitimate government procedure. But he knew Right and Wrong. Oh, and we kind of messed around... I betrayed a man. A good man. An innocent man. A thief. Yeah. The big E. That's the best kind. A wise woman once said "Polite conversation is rarely either." No, your Eminence. I think he's going to steal the Codex, as early as next week. Hudson, I'm afraid I'm sticking with God. But you're a close second, tough guy. What is that smile? Holy sh-h--things are going to get very interesting, very fast. Da Vinci would be proud of you. Wha -- you don't want to know... Da Vinci made the real directions in a secret script that I decoded. The way the machine is running now, the gold will produce too quickly, clog, and the machine will shut itself down. Isn't it wonderful? Trust Leonardo.... Oh Hudson, I'm a sister of the Catholic church as well as an agent. Oh Hudson... Uh, yeah. Guess I'm a wee bit nervous. I'm sorry I could only score clergy passports. You re not "some guy" anymore, Hudson. Right now, you're the only guy. Without your help, I.... It's that kind of selfish attitude that... It's from the machine. All they need is the crystal to run it and they have 2/3 of it already. We can't let that happen. Where did you get this? I-work-for-a-covert-Vatican-humanitarian- organization. The-CIA-made-a-fool-of-me. I-care-for-you... Hudson, don't you understand... Oh, I must have put too much ethyl-chloride in it. The C.I. what? God, no... For two years, I've been tracking the Mayflowers' peculiar interest in three Da Vinci pieces. Their Sforza replica was as fake as the "gas leak" that supposedly destroyed it. What are your plans for the weekend? Hoisting away the Colosseum? Tell me, did the devil make you do it or did Darwin and Minerva Mayflower? You really went and did it. With one day, not even a day, of planning, you did it. Nobody does it better, Hudson. You started the week stealing the Sforza and you ended it swiping the Codex. Somebody robbed the Vatican. It's also been a long time for me. I-- I'm sorry. I can't. I.... Oh, I'm so sorry... What have you been doing? Wow, you were "in the joint." "Doing hard time." It's funny, but that excites me. I seem to have a thing for sinners. How long were you in? Prison? Oh Hudson, I was worried you weren't going to drop by.... Secret passageways don't mean as much as they used to. There's a place two blocks east of here. Enzo's. Say 10:30. I'll bring my entire repertoire... I don't steal stuffed elephants from little girls. And I buy my own clothes. My life's a little boring... Actually I wrote it. It's a good sentence. It can apply to people. Nice. But right out of our brochure. Delivers up to ten at night. The Pope has an obsession with his Easter Seals. It's actually not that an unusual set-up. The secret passageway on the other hand.... Sure Hudson. Are you going to tell me why you did that back there or are you going to blame it on Dumbo? Come on, this stuff will knock you out. Have you ever had the feeling you were being followed, Mr. Bond. Question, sir? His untiring pen predicted the airplane, the submarine, the bicycle, the helicopter, and even the tank. As you know, the Da Vinci Codex, has lived in the Vatican for centuries and will continue to live here for centuries more. Tough guy. What are you--How's your head. Thanks tough guy, thanks a lot. Why was the guard chasing you? No, I meant you didn't have to tackle me and rip my dress. A polite push, perhaps? A clear shout of "watch out, Anna" would have done nicely... My God, that was bold of you, you didn't have to do that... Fantastic. Perfection. The Vatican extends its jealousy to the lucky bidder. Cat got his tongue? Oh Lord.... the only reason I ask is that Hudson, uh, Mr. Hawk, Hawkins, had some "neat" things to say about Darwin, Minerva, and you. Basically that you're part of the same car pool. When the Mayflowers find out we have the Codex, they're going to want to make a deal...Million five, lover... I knew it! I told you it was a fake. We're here to say, your government was right. Market crashes. Bomb drops. Greenhouse effect affects. We'll still be the richest, most powerful people in the world. In 1992, Europe is coming together to become one business superpower. It's one party we'd love to poop. Surely a master-thief like you can tell the difference. No, let me! Like a "cat", one could say. Bunny, ball-ball! Bad bunny! We want Da Vinci's sketchbook, what do they call it, the Codex. That's two hundred dollars a day? So he can get a hooker and some tequila. Veto, Darwin. Poor baby..... Here, Bunny. I killed some lovable working class Italian-diabetic, but you killed the most significant male figure of the decade and a kind, gentle lover. So don't play with me. If you pull this off, I can't promise I won't kill you. I mean, who we trying to kid? But I will spare the Flying Nun here.... You can't, convict! You're just a shmoe! Every shmoe has the fantasy the planet revolves around them. It rains, car crash stops traffic, you say "How could this happen to me?" It's a natural inclination. But for I, this isn't a fantasy, it is reality ! You are on my planet! You walk around the corner for coffee, out of my sight, you do not fucking exist! The lives of shmoes like you have meaning only in relation to the rich, to the powerful, to ME! It'll take a couple of years of steady production, but I'll flood the market with so much gold that gold itself, the foundation of all finance, will lose its meaning. Brokers, economists, and fellow entrepreneurs will drown in the saliva of their own nervous breakdowns. Markets will crash- crash. Financial Empires will crumble-crumble. I hate a man with a sense of humor. While you corn dogs were comparing the lengths of your masculinity, we obtained the helicopter the new fashioned way: a thoroughly corrupt business deal. You've got a dilemma, tiger. I think I know what's going to help you solve it. Jail, you asshole! Our foot soldiers will blow your brains out! Bunny, Ball-Ball! Cool, isn't it? Weight, feel, mal1eability, they're all but identical. On the periodic chart of elements, they're but one proton apart. Great minds worked for centuries to turn worthless into priceless. Big girls don't cry-I-eye. Get away from there, convict! You go back, you won't be alone. You'll have a diabetic barkeep cellmate. You're still young enough to have fun shanking child molesters for a pack of smokes, but "Alex" will go in knowing that the next time he gets out it'll be to attend his own funeral. Depressing. For God's sake, chain this convict.