They're going up to Dallas... to  whack Kennedy.  Friday the 22nd,  that's when they're going to do it.   In Dealey Plaza.  They're gonna whack  him!  You gotta call somebody, these  are serious fuckin' guys. And in the motorcade, you know I  usually would be waving mostly to  the left side and he was waving mostly  to the right, which is one reason  you're not looking at each other  very much.  And it was terribly hot.   Just blinding all of us... We could  see a tunnel in front of us.   Everything was really slow then.   And I remember thinking it would be  so cool under that tunnel. Mr. President, you can't say that  Dallas doesn't love you. Oh, no, they've shot Jack... I love  you, Jack... Jack... they've killed  my husband... Boss, the President's been shot.  In  Dallas.  Five minutes ago. No word yet.  But they think it's in  the head. It's all so terrible.  I jes' can't  stop crying.  He did so much for  this country, for colored people.   Why? I thought... it came from up there,  that building. About 3 to 4... I don't know. One little guy with a cheap rifle -  look what he can do. My god, he sure looks like a creep.   What's he talkin' 'bout... a patsy? It was the Fair Play for Cuba  Committee. Icy, you mean. He gives me the willies... come on  sugarplums, it's past your bedtimes... Come on, let's go upstairs. Mattie - get ahold of yourself. Lee good man... he not shoot anyone. As far as Oswald's associates, boss,  the one name that keeps popping up  is David Ferrie. He's been in trouble before.  Used  to be a hot shot pilot for Eastern  Airlines, but he got canned after an  alleged homosexual incident with a  14-year old boy. He's been shot!  Oswald's been shot! Seventy cops in that basement.  What  the hell were they doing? Well, no trial now.  Looks like  somebody saved the Dallas D.A. a  pile of work. Chief... David Ferrie. Correct me if I'm wrong.  I thought  we were on the same side.  What the  hell business is it of theirs to say  that? Here you go, Senator Long. Jim, dinner's just about ready...  I've got a surprise for you... tried  something new... Jim?  Jim, dinner. Come on now, we'll talk about it at  the table, dinner's getting cold. What are you doing in here? Uh huh... Mattie, I'll do the dishes,  you take Be up now.  And Elizabeth,  too, your bedtime, honey. Nahhhh!  I don't wanna go to bed! Honey, that was three years ago - we  all tried so hard to put that out of  our minds, why are you digging it up  again?  You're the D.A. of New  Orleans.  Isn't the Kennedy  assassination a bit outside your  domain?  I mean all those important  people already studied it. Well maybe you're right, Jim.  I'll  give you one hour to solve the case...  until the kids are in bed. Then you're mine and Mr. Kennedy can  wait 'til morning.  Come on, everybody  say goodnight to Daddy. One hour, y'hear?  Some Saturday  night date you are. Mama warned me this would happen if  I married such a serious man. Honey, you all right? I cannot believe this.  It's four- thirty, Jim Garrison.  I have five  children are gonna be awake in another  hour and ... These books are getting to your mind,  Mr. Garrison.  I wish you'd stop  readin' them. Jim, what is going on, for heaven's  sake!  You going to stay up all night  every night?  For what?  So you'll  be the only man in America who read  the entire 26 volumes of the Warren  Report? Honey, go back to sleep, please! Will you stop rattling on about  Kennedy for a few minutes, honey...  come on. Yeah, Guy Banister.  Ex-FBI man.  He  died couple years ago. My God!  Lee Harvey Oswald. I'd say he was probably getting  intelligence training. The Office of Naval Intelligence. Post Office. "Once ONI, always ONI"? What are you driving at, boss? I can't believe it, Mr. Banister.   Lee Oswald is down on Canal Street  giving out Communist leaflets  supporting Castro! How ya doing, Mr. Garrison?  Remember  me - from the piano bar at the Royal  Orleans? They took 'em to the Sheriff's office,  not the police station, and they let  'em go.  No record of them ever being  questioned. A photographer from The Dallas Times  Herald got some great shots of them  never published... ...take a good look, chief, do any  of 'em look like the hoboes you  remember? ...not a single frayed collar or  cuff, new haircuts, fresh shaves,  clean hands - new shoe leather.   Look at the ear of the cop... That's  a wire.  What's a cop wearing a  headset for?  I think they're actors,  chief; they're not cops. Graveyard dead.  August this year. A single car accident on an empty  road in Midlothian, Texas.  The doctor  said he was in some kind of strange  shock when he died. There was Rose Cheramie.  A whore.   Two Cubans threw her out of a car on  the way to Dallas. Graveyard dead near Big Sandy, Texas  in '65.  Two in the morning on some  highway.  A hit and run. Negative on his tax records.   Classified.  First time I know a  D.A. can't get a tax record.  I put  together a list of all the CIA files  on Oswald that were part of the Warren  Report and asked for them.  There  are about 1200 documents... Oswald in the USSR, in Mexico City,  Oswald and the U2, a CIA 201 personnel  file, a memo from the Director on  Oswald, travel and activities - can't  get one of them.  All classified as  secret on the grounds of national  security.  It's real strange. Yes, but we're talking about a dead  warehouse employee of no political  significance.  Three years later and  he's still classified?  They gave us  his grammar school records, a study  of his pubic hairs... Put it in  context, Bill, of what we know about  Oswald.  Lonely kid, no father,  unstable childhood, high school  dropout - wants to grow up and be a  spy, joins the Marines at 17.  He  learns Russian, he acts overtly  Marxist with two other marines, but  he's stationed at a top secret base  in Japan where U2 spy flights over  Russia originate.  He's discharged  from the Marines supposedly because  his mother's sick.  He stays home 3  days, then with a $1500 ticket from  a $203 bank account, he goes to  Moscow... One of the consuls, John McVickar,  says Oswald's performance was not  spontaneous - it seemed coached.   Oswald gives an interview to a  journalist. The Russians are skeptical - want to  send him back.  Maybe they suspect  he's a spy.  He supposedly slashes  his wrists in a suicide attempt so  that they're forced to keep him, and  he disappears for six weeks,  presumably with the KGB. Finally they shuttle him to a radio  factory in Minks where he lives as  high on the hog as he ever has -  he's given 5,000 rubles, a roomy  apartment with a balcony, has affairs  with local girls. But he never writes, speaks, or does  any propaganda for the Russians.  He  meets Marina, whose uncle is a colonel  in Soviet intelligence, at a trade  union dance; she thinks he's Russian  the way he speaks, six weeks later  they marry, have a daughter. I don't know if it's coincidence,  but Oswald had a top security  clearance and knew about the U2  program from his days at Atsugi Air  Base in Japan.  Six months after he  arrives in Russia, Francis Gary  Powers' U2 spy flight goes down in  Russia.  That plane was untouchable.   Powers hinted that Oswald could've  given the Russians enough data to  hit it.  As a direct result, the  peace summit between Khrushchev and  Eisenhower failed.  I can't help  thinking of that book Seven Days In  May, maybe someone in our military  didn't want the Peace Conference to  happen, maybe Oswald was part of  that.  It gets weirder. You want facts, Bill?  Okay.  From  1945 to '59 only two U.S. soldiers  defect to Russia.  From '59 to '60,  seven defect, six return, one of  them another Marine a month before  Oswald.  All of them young men made  to seem poor, disenchanted. None!  The State Department issues  him a new passport in 48 hours and  loans him the money to travel.  He's  never investigated or charged by the  Navy for revealing classified  information or, as far as we know,  debriefed by the CIA. The FBI finally gets around to talking  to him in Dallas and runs a file on  him as a miscreant Communist type. Spas T. Raikin, a leading member of  an anti-Communist group. None either.  It's bizarre.  It's  next to impossible to get Russian  sweethearts out.  Nor does Lee have  any problem getting a new passport  when he wants to go to Cuba and Russia  in '63.  A man who has defected once  already.  It's crazy. The next thing we know he's living  in Dallas/Ft. Worth in October '62  working 6 months at Jaggars-Chiles- Stovall, a photographic firm that  contracts to make maps for the U.S.  Army... He starts work only days  before the government reveals Russian  missiles in Cuba and the crisis  explodes.  Oswald may have had access  to missile site footage obtained by  the U2 planes and works alongside a  young man who'd been in the Army  Security Agency. Equally incongruous is Oswald becoming  chummy with the White Russian  community of Dallas - all rabid anti- Communists. His closest friend is an oilman named  George de Mohrenschildt who's about  35 years older than Oswald, who's  only 23 and supposedly broke.  De  Mohrenschildt is a member of the  Dallas Petroleum Club, speaks five  languages and was in French Vichy  Intelligence during the War.  Also  rumoured to have been a Nazi  sympathizer and member of the  "Solidarists", an international anti- Communist organization with many  Eastern Europeans and ex-Nazis, many  of them brought here by the CIA after  the war, many of them involved in  oil and munitions interests in Dallas  and the Southwest.  You figure it. Read it.  They called it "Project  Paperclip." De Mohrenschildt draws a picture of  Oswald as an intellectual, well read,  speaks excellent Russian, a man who  adored J.F.K. The only Russian that suspects Oswald  of still being a Communist is Anna  Meller.  But her Russian friend tells  her "he's checked" with the local  FBI and was told Oswald is all right. The Oswalds are introduced by George  de Mohrenschildt to Janet and Bill  Williams.  It's through Janet Williams  in October '63 that Lee gets the  warehouse job, right smack on Elm  Street at the Book Depository, which  is owned by another oilman with ties  to defense and military intelligence. All I can find out about the Williams'  is their tax returns are classified  and that Bill Williams, a descendant  of the Cabots of Massachusetts, has  links through his family and United  Fruit to the CIA and does classified  work for Bell Helicopter which  requires a security clearance - so  what is Oswald, a defector, doing  visiting his wife in his house?   Williams has a relationship at Bell  with General Walter Dornberger,  another one of the Nazis we brought  in after the War for our missile  program.  He used slave labor to  build the V-2 Rockets for Hitler  before Bell needed him. His wife, Janet Williams, studied  Russian in college and her father  worked for the Agency for  International Development, which  works hand in hand with the CIA.   She suddenly becomes Marina's best  friend.  Marina fights often with  Lee about many things - his secrecy,  the lack of money.  She says Lee is  not sexually adequate.  Lee hits her  on several occasions.  Bill Williams'  convenient separation from Janet  allows Janet to invite Marina to  move into her house in Irving.  There  Marina and Lee have a second daughter -  while Lee, now 24, stores his  belongings in Janet's garage and  rents a small room in Dallas under  an alias of "O.H. Lee". When he's arrested, Marina buries  him with the public.  Her description  of him is that of a psychotic and  violent man. I do not want to believe, but I have  too much facts.. tell me that Lee  shot Kennedy. I never could figure out why this  guy orders a traceable weapon to  that post office box when you can go  into any store in Texas, give a phony  name and walk out with a cheap rifle  which can never be traced. I'm just an investigator, Bill.  I  leave the theories to you lawyers. Christ, what the hell kinda needle  is that?  I just got a cold for  Chrissake.  I don't want any shot! Doc, I'm telling you, I don't need  any shots. Then do you understand that I cannot  tell the truth here?  In Dallas.   That there are people here who do  not want me to tell the truth...   who do not want me to have a retrial? When are you going back to Washington,  sir? Can I make a statement?  If you  request me to go back to Washington  with you right now, that is if you  want to hear further testimony from  me, can you do that?  Can you take  me with you? What are they? But if I am eliminated there won't  be any way of knowing.  Consequently  a whole new form of government is  going to take over this country, and  I know I won't live to see you another  time.  My life is in danger here.   Do I sound screwy? Then you don't stand a chance, Mr.  Chief Justice, you have a lost cause.   All I want is a lie detector test,  and you refuse to give it to me.   Because as it stands now - and the  truth serum - how do you pronounce  it - Pentothal - whatever it is.   They will not give it to me, because  I want to tell the truth... And then  I want to leave this world. Your hunch was right, boss, but it's  even spookier than we thought.   Starting in September '63 on, two  months before the assassination,  there are sightings of Oswald all  over Dallas, buying ammunition,  getting a telescopic sight fixed,  going to rifle ranges... Early  November, a Dallas downtown Lincoln- Mercury dealership where he tells  the salesman Albert Bogard... ...despite the fact he has no license  and from what marina says, does not  know how to drive, he hits the curves  like Mario Andretti at the Indy 500.   Bogard later told his boss he drove  "like a madman." ... really dumb dialogue like he's  trying to draw attention to himself.   A real moron.  He walks out.  The  salesman remembers him as about 5'7",  but we know from his draft card he  was about 5'11"... ...several witnesses see him on  several separate days at different  firing ranges. ...one time, November 9, he decides  he needs to practice on the target  of the guy next to him.  Says  something really dumb to the guy,  who says Oswald was a great shot. I'll go you one better, Lou.  He  shows up at Silvia Odio's, a Cuban  lady in Dallas working in the anti- Castro underground - remember that  name, a solid witness.  The two Cubans  introduce him as "Leon Oswald". ...the Cubans want Silvia, whose  parents are political prisoners in  Cuba, to help them raise money to  assassinate Castro.  Something about  the men bothers her.  She tells them  she doesn't want anything to do with  violence... about 48 hours later one  of the Cubans calls her back... It's like he's giving her information  she doesn't even ask for.  She's  scared, doesn't see them again till  she sees Oswald's picture in the  paper.  But the Warren Commission  says she has bad eyesight because  they have Oswald in Mexico at this  time, trying to get back into Cuba.   The Cubans think he's a double agent  so they won't take him.  The CIA has  a camera outside the Cuban Embassy  and says this is Oswald in Mexico. You figure it. I even have doubts about this photo,  boss.  It pretty much convicted Oswald  in the public mind.  Well, according  to Captain Fritz, Oswald told him  during his interrogation the photo  was fake. Oswald, who worked for Jaggars-Chiles- Stovall, did know spy photography  pretty well.  I took this picture to  two experts.  Look at the way the  shadows on the nose fall in a straight  line like it's high noon.  But the  shadow here on the ground reads like  late afternoon or early morning.   It's not the same time.  Also look  at the crop marks across the chin.   It seems like his head is pasted on  somebody else's body implicating him  with this rifle and gun. And of the two newspapers in his  hands, one is Leninist, the other  Trotskyite.  Any genuine Socialist  would know they hate each other's  politics! ...now it gets positively spooky.   In January, 1961 - in New Orleans,  at the Bolton Ford Dealership - when  the Oswald we know is in Russia -  there is a man using the name "Oswald"  to buy trucks for the Friends of  Democratic Cuba.  The salesman never  saw him again, but guess who's on  the articles of incorporation of the  Friends of Democratic Cuba?  Guy  Banister. Banister has someone using the name  "Oswald" to buy the trucks.  Hoover,  at the FBI, writes a memo dated June,  1960, that there could be someone  using Oswald's passport and identity. Mobbed up all the way.  Tight with  the Dallas cops.  I'm digging, chief.   I just need 10 more men and some  more dollars. Who? No!... Shaw!  Director of The Trade  Mart?  This is incredible. Do you have any evidence against  him, Jim?  Clay Shaw's done so much  for the city with all that restoration  in the Quarter.  He's well connected,  all his friends, the money, people,  be careful, Jim. Jim, come on, honey, get down on  your hands and knees and hunt for  Jasper's Easter egg. But Jim, we're going to Antoine's  with the kids - like we do every  year. But why in the Lord's name would you  do it in the middle of Easter Sunday  when you knew we were... Look at the calendar, for Christ's  sake.  You said a Sunday, not Easter  Sunday. You're missing most of your life,  Jim, and you don't even know it.   The kids are missing out too. It's not just you making the sacrifice  here, honey. We're going to start without him and  he'll be here for dessert.  Snapper,  you put that back! I want a Shirley Temple! Soon.  He's real sorry he can't start  with us but he's promised to be here. Hi. My sympathies. We waited for you... hours, Jim.   You could have telephoned, for God's  sake.  It's Easter!  You promised,  Jim. I think you care more about John  Kennedy than your family!  All day  long the kids are asking, "Where's  Daddy?"  What am I supposed to tell  your kids, Jim! That sounds dandy, but it doesn't  replace a father and a husband on  Easter Day. Congratulations, Boss - you're page  one! And it ain't pretty ..."the AD has spent more than $8,000  on unexplained travel and  investigative expenses since November, Shaw must've gotten them on our tail. Mr. Garrison, what shall I tell them?   They're piling up outside the door.   They want a statement, the phones  are going crazier than bugs on a  cake. Yeah? Who is this? Dave? Dave, do you think we're out of our  minds?  The whole building's been a  zoo since that broke.  We can't get  a thing done.  Reporters crawling  everywhere.  You think we want that? Calm down, Dave, what? What are you talking about, Dave?   You weren't mentioned in the story.   Don't jump to conclusions. What did they... Dave, you know that's where this  road leads. Dave, just calm down.  Meet me in  the lobby of the Fontainbleau in 20  minutes.  I'll have a suite reserved  for you under an assumed name. Yeah.  Come on, Dave, come on our  side.  I guarantee you the boss'll  protect you... Dave? Yeah!  He'd kill for you Dave.  He  likes you.  Your mind. No, he's not here now.  And he would  not take calls here if he were!  So  please call the office number.  Thank  you. Two of them even had the gall to  come to the door this afternoon, one  all the way from England. It's not funny, Jim, I'm scared. I haven't, Jim. Leave us ALONE for God's sake! ...Oh, it's Lou. Listen, Dave, why don't we order  some room service, have a bite, relax.   I'll stay as long as you want. Dave, I always play square.  No bugs.   I'd love you to go on the record,  but I"m in no hurry.  Whenever you're  ready. Did we involve you, Dave, or did  Clay Shaw? What do you mean? What about the mob, Dave?  How do  they figure in this? Whatever you say, Dave.  I'll be  home.  Okay? Mr. Miller's been waiting. Boss, I tell you something or somebody  is putting tremendous heat on David  Ferrie.  If we sit on our behinds  any longer, I don't think the guy's  going to hold on. Look at this bullshit!  He keeps  changing what he says.  We can't  possibly call him to a Grand Jury. You don't get it, guys - he can't go  down any further.  We got to protect  him full time. I'm onto Ferrie's Cuban paymaster,  Eladio del Valle, in Miami.  I gotta  get him in, boss.  I need more men -  I can't even pull the teams to watch  Ferrie... This is our case! Bugging the District Attorney's office  of New Orleans!  It's outrageous! It's urgent for you, Mr. Ivon. Dave Ferrie's dead.  The body was  found at his apartment two hours  ago. Pretty flowery for Dave Ferrie. Proloid? I'd say the opposite - hypertension. Boss, we just got bad news from Miami.   They found Ferrie's Cuban friend -  Eladio del Valle - this morning,  hacked to death with a machete in  his car.  He was tortured, shot in  the heart at point-blank range and  his skull was split open with an  axe... Jesus - if that ain't the Devil's  piss!  Those bastards! Not unless we go for Shaw now. I'm afraid I'm with Bill on this  one.  We haven't got the goods yet. We wait, Shaw's gonna get whacked.   Oswald, Ruby, Ferrie, del Valle,  Banister, Bowers...  how many corpses  you lawyers gotta see to figure out  what's going on? I never realized Kennedy was so  dangerous to the establishment.  Is  that why? Mr. Shaw, you're under arrest, charged  with conspiracy and entering into an  agreement with other persons for the  specific purpose of committing the  crime of murder of President John F.  Kennedy in violation of... ...we have a warrant to search the  premises. Beverly, tell Mr. Garrison about the  Carousel club. Oh yes, I used to go over there a  lot to see Jack and especially my  friend Jada who danced there.  It  was the real swinging spot in town.   Everybody came.  Businessmen,  politicians from Austin, Lyndon  Johnson's friends... Dallas was a  slow town back then.  You chewed  toothpicks, played dominos, spit and  dated policemen.  But Jack's was  exciting.  There were always cops  there.  Jack liked 'em around, but  he used to throw the drunks out  himself, 'cause he was kinda a violent- tempered man... it seemed everybody  in those days knew Jack was with the  Mob.  The cops were "bad" back then -  they'd shake you down for the money  in your pocket.  They put a lotta  people in the cemetery, especially  colored people. Beverly, what about Lee? Oh, yeah.  One time I came in, Jack  introduces me to these two guys.  He  said, "Beverly, this is my friend  Lee..." and I didn't catch the other  guy's name.  He was a weird-looking  guy with those funny little eyebrows.   The other guy, Lee, didn't make much  of an impression either.  He wasn't  good-looking or nuthin', he didn't  look like he had any money, and he  was in a bad mood, so I didn't pay  him much mind.  Well, I might not  remember a name, but I always remember  a face.  When I saw him tow weeks  later on the television, I screamed,  "Oh, my God - that's him!  That's  Jack's friend!"  I knew right then  it had something to do with the  Mafia... Well, about a week later,  after she told the newspapers she'd  met this guy Lee with Jack, Jada  disappears off the face of the  Earth... Never knew what happened to her till  Herman offered to sell me her  wardrobe.  I said, "but Jada's coming  back," and I remember the way he  smiled... and I knew she was never  coming back. I don't think so, sir. I thought when we came here, we had  an agreement. I just don't want to become another  statistic like her.  If they can  kill the President, do you think  they're gonna think twice about a  two-bit showgirl like me? We could call you in, Beverly. This is a good spot, chief, for the  head shot. The Zapruder film establishes 3 shots  in 5.6 seconds.  Here.  I'm Oswald.   Time me. Time? The key is the second and third shots  came right on top of each other, and  it takes a minimum 2.3 seconds to  recycle this thing. The other problem is there was a  tree right there... Blocking the first two shots at the  time they occur in the Zapruder film. It was a Texas Live Oak, boss. It sheds it's leaves the first week  of March.  You try to hit a moving  target at 88 yards through heavy  foliage with this cheap 13-dollar  sucker, the world's worst shoulder  weapon.  No way.  The FBI tried two  sets of tests and not one of their  sharpshooters could match Oswald's  performance.  Not one.  And Oswald  was at best a medium shot.  The scope  was defective on it, too.  I mean  this is the whole essence of the  case to me.  The guy couldn't do the  shooting.  Nobody could.  And they  sold this lemon to the American  public. That means we gotta subpoena Time- Life on it. I asked myself the same thing.  Common  sense.  Even if you miss the first  shot, if he accelerates you still  got him for a second shot.  No...  the only reason for waiting to get  him on Elm is you got him in a  triangulated crossfire.  You got him  on a flat low trajectory from the  front at the fence there. ...you put a third team there - in  that building, on a low floor. When Kennedy gets to the kill zone,  it's a turkey shoot. One shooter.  One spotter on a radio.   Maybe three teams.  I'd say these  were professional riflemen, chief,  serious people.  Hunters...  patient.   It takes skill to kill with a rifle,  that's why there's been no execution  of an executive with one in 200  years... "3-2-1...  green!" Or else "Abort!  Abort!" Main Street's over there - the  original parade route on the way to  the Trade Mart.  Too far right?   Impossible shot. So they changed the route to bring  it this way. Beats me.  City officials.  Secret  Service.  Dallas police.  They did a  dry run with Chief Curry a few days  before.  But they didn't bother  running through Dealey.  They stopped  right there, said something like,  "and afterwards there's only the  freeway," and went home. No. Who? The Warren Commission call him? Allen Dulles? They're gonna love you, chief. You never got anyone killed, boss.   Their actions killed them years  before.  If we stopped now, it'd be  even more wrong. You know you keep saying that. You're not digging. This is interesting - are you ready  for this?  Oswald went to see the  FBI two weeks before the  assassination.  It seems Special  Agent Hosty made three routine visits  to his house, supposedly to keep an  eye on Marina Oswald. He left a note.  Hosty told a Dallas  newspaperman it was a warning to him  to stop questioning Marina at their  home when Oswald was not present.   She was not a citizen, so possibly  he was threatening to deport her  back to Russia. But what the note really said no one  knows because his boss Shanklin told  Hosty... Hosty tore it up and flushed it down  the toilet.  Waggoner Carr, the  Attorney  General of Texas, says he  had evidence from the Dallas Sheriff's  office that Oswald had been employed  as an undercover informant for the  FBI at a salary of $200 a month,  beginning more than a year before  the murder. No.  A floor refurbishing group.   Got the van, the uniforms... Or a cover up!  Jesus, Bill, don't  you have enough proof of the FBI's  complicity now? Chief, I've had my doubts about Bill  for a long time.  He's fighting  everything. I don't trust the guy. I just plain don't trust him anymore. Boss, then I'm afraid I can't continue  working with Bill. Well, if that's what you want to  call it.  I didn't ever think it  would come to this.  I guess I am,  boss. You sure got it.  You're one stubborn  and stupid sonofabitch D.A. and you're  making one hell of a mistake! Aren't you being a little hard? I'll get it. Hello. Yes? Virginia. That sounds fun. Six. Yes. Uh huh. Who are you talking to? Who's this?... Hello?... Hello? Mama, I'm going to be in a beauty  contest! What did he ask you? Well, he asked me everything.  He  asked me... Did you enter Virginia into a beauty  contest? A man just called.  He asked her  everything! Your daughter's life was just  threatened! Our home, Jim!  A kidnapper, a  murderer, who knows! How do you know?  How do you even  know what goes on in this house  anymore!  You're too busy making  speeches, stirring up every crazed  Klansman in Louisiana after us! I'm leaving.  I'm taking the kids  and I'm leaving!  I won't stand it  anymore. You and your government!  What's the  matter with you?  Don't you have any  feelings?  Your daughter!  What kind  of man are you? Jim, before this Kennedy thing,  nothing mattered to you in this life  more than your children.  The other  night Jasper tried to show you a  drawing.  You didn't even notice he  was there.  He came to me bawling  his little eyes out.  Jim, he's  sensitive - he needs more from you. Is it such a chore?  I don't  understand you. I'm not fighting you, Jim, I'm just  trying to reach you.  You've changed. I don't want to see, goddammit!  I'm  tired.  I've had enough!  They say  you don't have anything anyway!   Everybody in town's talking.  You're  ruining this man Shaw's life!  You're  attacking him because he's homosexual!   Going ahead with this stupid "trial"!   Did you ever once stop and consider  what he's going through? Oh, I don't know anymore!  I believe  there was a conspiracy, but not the  government.  I just want to raise  our children and live a normal life!   I want my life back! You never talked to me this way  before, Jim Garrison.  I'm not making  any threats.  I'm leaving you.  I'm  taking the kids to my mother's.  I  am - I am. Do you love us? No.  I mean like mommy loves us.   She really loves us. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. And if you're wrong? I don't think so, Jim... Huh? Oh no!  No!  I can't believe it.  I  can't believe it.  Both of them,  both brothers, oh my God! You're right, it hasn't ended, has  it? Objection, your Honor.  This office  has won a conviction of perjury  against Dean Andrews on this matter. But how does Dymond know what to  ask?  FUCK!  We're dead. He was sitting in one of the booths  on the right hand side of the room.   He was alone as usual and appeared  to be having lunch.  I did not speak  to him but I recognized clearly.  I  remember it was 12:15 or later.  It  coulda been 12:25, five minutes before  the assassination, I don't exactly  remember.  I was pregnant and I had  a craving for a glass of water. 