Why is it taking so long? If it isn't a baby... what is it? A baby... and she isn't even married. What's goin' on? Well, if she's got any sense at all, she'll listen to that. Buddy... does Rose really... "do it" with all those boys and men? What's happening? You better not snoop, Daddy'll kill you! What is Rose going to do? Where can she go? Then why does she act so dumb? She hasn't got any sense. In some ways, she's awful dumb. Buddy, I'm worried about Rose. No, Mother, he's lying... You know, Buddy, sometimes you make me sick. Wasn't Daddy wonderful? He wanted to kiss her some more and play with her, but he didn't, because he loves Mother and all of us, and he loves Rose, too. Isn't he wonderful, isn't he great? Buddy, that was pretty snotty of you, pushing me away like that just when it was interesting. Buddy, that was my place. He had his hand on her titty. He kissed her. Buddy, this is amazing, you wouldn't believe it. Wow! Brrrother! Boy! Wow! Let me see! Ohhh-hh... what's happening now? I can't see, let me see... I can't see. What are they doing, what's happening? I think she's gonna kiss him. Okay. Yeah. I get so irritated with Daddy. He's so dumb sometimes. She's watching the car again? I think Daddy suspects. No. Oh, shut up, Buddy. I don't know. I think he's cryin'! I'm only trying to help him, Mother. Daddy, Buddy was up late last night reading little dirty comic books. Mother gave him a dose of castor oil and he cursed it, he took the Lords name in vain, then claimed he hadn't said it. He lied, Daddy. Mother, Buddy says Rose got in his bed last night and he fiddled with her and she snorted and had a fit -- and he says I would too if I was grown-up. Is it true, Mother -- would I sweat and snort and froth at the mouth and have a horrible fit like he says? I don't like that, either, it's worse than Waski. I want to be called Fran.I said she isn't here. NOW you go home. Be a nice boy and go home. She isn't here. And I'm sorry, but Mr. Hillyer doesn't want her to have callers during working hours. She must have gone out for a walk with the children. Yes? This isn't punishment, I don't believe in punishment. It's for your health. Obviously you're sick if you can act like that. I don't think you are sufficiently in awe of it. Get the castor oil. But we must respect that power, we must be in awe of it. Sex isn't ugly, sex is one of the most beautiful things in life, the creative power of the universe is behind it. Now I have a plan about Rose, an educational plan. She's getting better and we don't want any more trouble -- Brother, you ought to hear this. I do wish you'd speak to Brother. It's true he's been looking at those horrible little books again. Oh, yes, it's Thursday. Hello, Rose, dear... ... my, you're... looking pretty... What'd you say, Brother? Children, children! Be quiet, all of you! The vibrations in this house are strange today. Where's Rose, anyhow? No, you didn't say that, Brother. What did you say, Brother? Stop gagging like that and putting on a show, and swallow it. This is for your own good. When you look at negative, destructive things like those little filthy comic books, you are sick. Here, take this. Oh, Brother, I am so disappointed in you. You mustn't look at those horrible things, they degrade the human image. Brother, when I have to wake you up at eleven o'clock in the morning you're either sick or you were up very late last night. And you weren't reading Huckleberry Finn. I looked and its not in your room. Now what were you doing? Walked, in all that heat? It's a wonder she hasn't got sunstroke. I'll phone Daddy and you go get Doll Baby and Waski. All right, all right. Doll and Waski are upstairs taking their nap, you go get them and bring them down to the living room. Where is the girl? Your impression is very reassuring, Brother. Of course she's had troubles, poor thing, but I sensed that was that the girl was like and I'm glad to have it reconfirmed. Wonderful. What's she like, Brother? What is your impression of her? Yes, I think so. He adores her, it's almost pitiful the way he worships her. I just hope she isn't too much for him. Well, yes, she's happy. Of course Dave doesn't have her life force, not at all. There isn't much furniture in his house, just a table and one or two chairs, whereas Rose has furniture coming out of the windows. Who? I don't understand it. Even in the wild days she was never as late as this. How is she? Better off? How could she ever find love and happiness, if you did what you're talking about? Are you insane? Rose isn't oversexed, that's ridiculous. If you're going to talk nonsense, I don't want to talk to you at all. Rose is exactly the same as the rest of us, except more so. I can't believe you really meant it, if I did I'd want to die. You aren't a male monster, that man is but you aren't. Look me in the eye and tell me, do you really want to take Rose's womanhood away from her when it's all she has got? I thought I knew you. I thought I knew you better, I thought in your heart you were a good and kind man. Well, I can't believe what I've just heard in this room. A defenseless girl depending on you for protection, and you propose to mutilate and destroy her. How could you listen even for a moment to that sadistic man? Over... my... dead... body! This conversation is making me a little sick. I'd say about three months. Are you satisfied? Honey! What did you forget? But she must know... unless... unless... Rose, was there more than one person? That's why I'm asking her who the father is. It's the most vital question of all. Who's the father, dear? Poor thing, don't cry, Rose. I know you feel awful, but don't cry, honey, nobody's perfect. Who's the father, dear? It sounds like a farm to me. Calling it a dairy establishment, that's just trickery and flummery. I don't know how you can call it ideal -- don't you know what the word "farm" means to her? Honey, Rose was born on a farm and has terrible memories of farm life. Now I don't think -- She's just nervous and worried. And you would be, too, if you had no job and no place to go. She does look a little peaky. She can't get a job, it's a depression. And we can't just throw her out on the street. She hasn't actually done anything... She's like a different person. Being so sick made a big impression on her. I really think she's learned a lesson. Sometimes the negativism and cynicism in you makes me want to vomit. Your real trouble is that you're anti-intellectual. The irony is women are supposed to be emotional, but I never saw anybody who depended more on emotion and prejudice than you do. Honey, Dr. Martinson isn't a rascal, he's one of the finest physicians in Glenville. He studied at Johns Hopkins University. I don't see how you can even think of it now. You don't like him because he's a Yankee. He's a brilliant doctor. Honey, please... I'll talk to her, I'll reason with her. What she doesn't understand is that her behavior is disturbing to other people. She's young, she's got to learn to restrain the life force that's in her. Its creative, but in her case it's too creative. If you mean sex, you couldn't be more wrong. Rose likes those boys and men, she has love in her heart, and that is what they want. It's the most rare and beautiful thing in life and that is why they follow her. How could Rose really be a bad influence on Dolly? She has a loving nature, you ought to want someone like that around your children. Why do you think those boys and men like her? But what I said is the simple truth. And now I see something else, I see more deeply into it... But morals come from the heart, not from rigid rules and empty laws. And in her heart Rose has never hurt anyone and she never would. Therefore, she's not immoral. Not really. Who is to say our morals are better than hers? But maybe you're right. She could... influence Dolly... Well, she does seem to cause a lot of trouble, I admit. But she doesn't mean any harm and it'll break the children's hearts, they all love her. Well, that's very reasonable. Howe I hate to bring it up, but she's got an awful toothache, we've got to carry her to the dentist. It isn't her fault if she's popular... what? Just a moment! You are not going to fire this girl for an innocent thing like having boy friends, not while there is breath in my body! And when I try to talk to you seriously, when I try to explain to you the unlimited creative power of life, how beautiful it would be if we gave up this hopeless struggle and simply loved each other from our hearts, what do you do -- you mock me! Yes! Yes, I say that to you, they were boys! Boy friends of Rose, chat's what they were, and why shouldn't she have boy friends? Do you want her to be unnatural? Don't you think she's human the same way you are yourself? It's the South, that's what it is, the South with its horrible traditions, of slavery and crime and the oppression of women, who are just as good as men and just as human! Scoundrels? They weren't scoundrels, they were just boys. You certainly are! She has an awful toothache, look at her jaw, it's all swollen. I will not sit here and listen to you be brutal to this poor girl. Well, it isn't Rose's fault boys and men like her. You cant blame her for that, hon. That sulky boy was here again this afternoon. I was almost scared, he wouldn't go away. Well, time will tell, won't it? Well, I wish you'd stop criticizing and picking on her. Why shouldn't she go out and have boyfriends? Is she all right? What time is it? Be kind to her. She loves you so much. In a perfectly proper way, of course. But that's a wonderful quality, not a bad quality. Have a little patience with her. She's such a good-hearted little thing and tries so hard. He and his wife both said she had a fine moral character and was wonderful with children. I don't think you understand her. It isn't sex she wants, it's love she wants and this is the only way she knows how to get it. Well, I admit that outfit isn't very modest. But she doesn't mean any harm, she just wants to attract, attention. I wish you wouldn't pick on Rose and tease her like that. Of course her clothes are silly, but she's ignorant, naive, she doesn't know any better. Rose, you and Brother wait in the car. I want to speak for a moment Lo Mr. Hillyer. You're not having lunch? Well, it is a little tight. But it isn't as bad as all that. No one will notice unless they have such thoughts in the first place. I'm serious. We forget he's just a child. I wish you'd speak to him. Why, they won't either. She looks pretty. And I wish you wouldn't pick on the poor girl all the time. Don't listen to him, Rose, you look pretty, even beautiful. What's the matter, hon? Is anything wrong? I think about what I'm doing all the time, and I've got as much business behind the wheel of an automobile as anybody. Besides, I want you to stay and help Rose with the dishes, the poor girl isn't feeling well. Be nice to Rose. She's never had a real home. I'm not in the fourth dimension -- -- you are in the fourth dimension, when you allow skepticism and doubt to take control. As Blake said, if God had doubt the sun would go out. Hotcha character. If I had to live with your cynicism, I wouldn't want to live at all. What you can't understand is that the creative forces of the universe are positive, not negative. Hope for the best? I don't understand all this skepticism. I thought you liked Rose. There are no flies on Rose, I don't know what you're talking about. And she's such a good-hearted thing, there isn't an ounce of harm or malice in her. Honey, she's perfect. She works all the time and she's wonderful with the children. And they love her, even Brother likes her though he won't admit it. I think she's just perfect. Oh. Did you say something? What? Slow, hon. But at least I can concentrate now that Rose is here. Yes, it's so nice I thought I'd work outside. It isn't the fourth dimension. To you it's the fourth dimension, maybe, to me it's simply the truth. What's the matter with him? You mustn't be a tattletale, dear. You mustn't be Delilah-ish and Jezebel-ish toward your brother, dear. Yes, dear, what is it? Daddy wouldn't hear that. Now the redhaired boy you see sitting there, of course you have met him, he is my oldest son and my most brilliant child. All children have great creative powers, but I don't want to rattle on about my children, they say I brag too much about them, especially about Brother. Am I boring you, Rose? Let him be guided not by my wishes and not by Rose's wishes, although I am sure they are identical. Let him be guided by the wishes of the creative power of life itself, because that is what has spoken through me tonight. I understand you perfectly. You leave that girl alone, you wretched man, or you will be sorry. I will not cry like a woman. If I'm upset it's because of what my husband said, not because of you. You can't make me cry like a woman, a woman has got just as much intelligence and self-control as a man. And you get this in your head. If you hurt that girl, I'll hire lawyers and sue you for malpractice for every penny you have got, I'll do my level best to ruin you. Do you understand me? You'd go so far as to mutilate a helpless girl who has no means to defend herself, you'd go that far? Don't you think I know what you've just said and don't you think I understand the dreadful and revolting crime you've just conspired to commit? Are you human beings or are you some kind of male monsters? Is there no limit to which you won't go to keep your illusions about yourselves? What are you talking about? I don't understand all this mumbo jumbo and the funny looks on your faces. Yes, go on. What do you mean, what kind of gobbledygook talk is that? No, you shouldn't have, it was needlessly cruel. She thinks she has cancer and is going to die. Well, that's pathetic. Poor Rose, what a life she has had. Gonorrhea? Yes. Well. She's upstairs. Oh, good evening, Doctor. Rose is a lot better, I just gave her her supper. She's almost all well now. Yes, thank you, Doctor. It is kind of amazing. The dentist says she has perfect teeth, there isn't a cavity in her mouth. Well, her people were very poor. She says she was often hungry as a child, and I'm sure the food she ate was pretty awful, not a balanced diet at all. Deathly afraid of it. Her people were poor tenant farmers and she doesn't know anything about doctors or medicine or hospitals. She hid it from us, Doctor. She's afraid of the hospital. She looks terrible, just awful. That would scare her to death. She's terrified of hospitals. To her, a hospital is where you go to die. But the wisdom tooth will have to be pulled? She was raised on a poor dirt farm. I'm sure she's never seen a dentist or hardly even a doctor. No, Waski, she won't die, because we are praying for her. There are plenty of girls who would give thousands of dollars to have your auburn hair. Beauty is beauty and that's all there is to it. Beauty is there and we have to recognize it. Now Rose, the little girl sitting across from you with the blue eyes is Doll Baby. She looks like an angel and she is an angel, but she can be a naughty angel sometimes, although her father won't believe it. Her real name is Frances, but we call her Dolly or Doll. When he was baby we called him "Wa Wa," a baby name, you know. You will find him a very good boy. His brother can be bad and so can his sister, but Waski is a very good boy. And as you can see he's beautiful. Rose, this is Waski. His real name is Warren but we call him Waski. He doesn't like it much and I suppose someday we'll have to stop calling him that. Well... well, that's wonderful, Rose. Forget about it, I don't want you working in one of those honky tonks. Don't worry, honey, you'll find something. Rose, you don't have to. Rose, really, you shouldn't act like that. I know it's embarrassing... but who were you exposed to, dear? ROSE Well, now, Mrs. Hillyer, I... ah-h, that's kinda hard to say. Rose, you don't look well and you haven't eaten a bit of breakfast. Well, there's no reason you shouldn't go out, Rose... in moderation. You look very pretty in it, Rose. Really, you do. You see, Rose? Now that's the kind of dress you ought to wear. Rose, you're very sick. You're burning up. Rose, can you hear me? Rose? Rose has learned her lesson, haven't you, Rose? It'll get better now. I know it was bad, honey. I'm sorry... Rose, sit down in that chair and be quiet! We're trying to help you, you silly creature, sit in that chair! No, Rose, he'll help you. Poor thing. Does the ice help, Rose? Be quiet, Rose. I don't think we ought to discuss this in front of the children. I had better call Daddy. Rose, that scruffy-looking man is out in the yard again. Doll, you and Waski run on, too. Well, I think it's charming, Rose. But don't you think... ah, the skirt is a little tight? You look sick if you ask me. I hate to leave you with the dishes and all, but I'm supposed to go to a meeting of the Garden Club this evening. I'll need the car keys. Rose, you're in an awful dither tonight. What's the matter with you, honey, are you sick or something? Well, you run on now. Really, why don't you go sit down somewhere? Rose, you work too hard. Why don't you go sit down somewhere and drink a Co-Cola? Well, I am working on my thesis. More history, Rose. Well, it's rather interesting about Brother, actually. I realized the remarkable thing he had when he was six weeks old. He looked at me and understood me, he knew exactly who I was. I know it sounds crazy but it's true. He's very remarkable, he was born for the ministry and could move millions, but he doesn't know that yet. I have to warn you about him, he can be very dangerous, there is an evil streak in him, a streak of pure sheer meanness. But at heart Brother is saintly and that is why he was born for the ministry even if he doesn't know it.Buddy, sex don't mean a thing to me. It ain't nothin' but a mosquito bite. I'll tell you a secret. Girls don't want sex, Buddy, girls want love. A saint just like your own mother. She's up in heaven right now, her and Lunette, there ain't no doubt about it. Boy did I get sick of rabbit. But later on after Momma died and Daddy wasn't doin' nothin' but drinkin', I sure would of been glad for a little rabbit stew. You know, I oughtn't to of told you about what Daddy done when I was a child. Until them rabbits ruined him, he was a real good man, Buddy. He thought he could sell 'em, but nobody but country folks eat rabbits, Buddy, and they ain't got no money. We had to eat them dern rabbits our own selves. Every dern one, and it took about four years to eat 'em all up. Yep, we had 'em in orange crates all over. It was Daddy's dream. He was goin' to get rich raisin' rabbits. It was what killed Daddy. He didn't drown hisself till a long time later after Momma and Lunette died of typhoid, but it was them rabbits what killed him. Did you know when I was a child we had pretty near five hundred rabbits? I guess I'll work as a waitress, Buddy. I done that before and it got me in worse trouble than you could know, but I can't stay here no more. Why did you get rid of your rabbits, Buddy? Take a little walk with me, huh? Makin' homes for purple martins, huh? We had 'em on the farm. They're the prettiest things. That's what I wish I was, a bird. Just fly around catch bugs and have a lot of fun. Hi, Buddy. How's my sweetheart who never told on me when I was bad? I don't want to know... Buddy, I'm scared, I'm scared! Oh, Buddy, they're gonna cut me all up! They're gonna cut my stummick all open, I'll die! I ain't neither. Listen here, Buddy, besides all his vast medical knowledge, he has the most kindest heart beneath the professor way he acts -- he wants justice in the world and he's got some real interestin' ideas. Well, I like him. I used to be afraid of doctors but not any more. Why, he could operate on me any old time and I wouldn't even be scared. He's got doubts about hisself and that's the saddest thing of all. Would you believe that poor man thinks nobody likes him? Yeah, he tried to hide it but I saw 'em, and a little bit he says to me, "You know, you are beautiful." Now wasn't that a nice thing for a doctor to say to a patient, wasn't it? What could cheer a girl up more? You don't know the bedside manner that man has got. Why, it does me good just to see him sit there all solemn and go pokin' in his bag like he's gonna cure me, which he did of course. And even more important he loves me, like a patient I mean, the other day he got tears in his eyes just listenin' to my heart beat. Oh, he's so kind, so gentle inside, and so unhappy with that rich wife who doesn't understand him, her being a Southerner and everything, and what a bedside manner he has got -- so gentle and kind beneath the professor way he acts! But I don't know who they are. I got an awful toothache. Well, he might be that man who followed me home from the store the other day. But I don't know who he is, Buddy, I really don't. You're my sweetheart. Did your Momma really give you castor oil? I have a knack for designing clothes. But I had to buy the shoes and the pocketbook. Buddy, Mr. Right is out there somewhere and I'm gonna find him! Well, Ill tell you this. I have learned a lesson tonight. I wasn't gonna run around, but when I start botherin' your Daddy and worse robbin' a cradle, I gotta face the facts of life. Tomorrow mornin', I'm gonna get myself up and go out. Oh, Buddy, you do love me! I knew you did, knew it all the time... Buddy, I have to ask you, as bad as I've been please have pity on me and don't ruin me by telling them what I did. I know it was bad, it was bad and dumb. But mostly it was dumb, I didn't mean you no harm, I'd never want to hurt a hair on your head and that's the truth. I love you. But they'd think I did, they'd think I was awful, they'd despise me and hate me... I hate to turn on this light, you Daddy's awake downstairs, but I have to take the chance. Buddy, please don't tell on me. I sure hope you don't. I gotta get outta here, good night. Buddy, you wouldn't tell nobody, would you? No. No, I'm all right. Oh, God, what have I done? I have robbed a cradle and fallen into hell! I must be crazy, a child like you. Oh, God, oh, Lord. This is awful, this is terrible, I gotta get outta here! You wouldn't understand. Oh, God, I must be outta my mind. What would your Momma think? No. No, you're not hurting me. But I think you better quit it. I must be outta my mind. Buddy, quit it. You better quit that. Well, nothin'. Buddy, you're just a child. Well, you're sweet, but you don't really love me. Of course you can't! I'm... I'm shocked at you, Buddy, real shocked! Now you be quiet or I'm going back to my own bed! No! You ought to be ashamed of yourself astin' such a nasty things a child your age! Well, now that is just too bad! Curiosity killed the cat. Why, Buddy, shut your mouth! What an awful thing to say, and where did you get any such idea as that, anyhow? Most men wouldn't do what he done. If they can get a girl they go right ahead and get her -- I guess to hell they do, just like a dern rabbit. 'Course later they'll tell her she's no good when they done the same thing their selves. They're a bunch of monkeys. I like 'em, but they're a bunch of monkeys. There ain't none in your Daddy. You know, what happened has just made me love him all the more. I not only love him, I respect him, I admire him. You know, Buddy, sometimes I can't figure you out at all. You can be very nice, but like your mother said there's an evil streak in you. Who would want to do such a thing as that? Don't mention it. All right, that's enough. You're just a child and wouldn't understand it, but that type of thing can stir a girl up. Now lie back and we'll talk. 'Course it does. Well, are you satisfied now? Can we just lie and talk, huh? You don' t need to know that. It's none of your business. Buddy, you don't realize it but what you're doing isn't nice. Buddy, what's come over you? A child like you, askin' such things. No, you can't. And I'll tell you this -- he scares me. As kind as he is, he scares me. You can't fool around with him, not with that man. And, boy, I sure better not try nothin' like that with him again, he'll fire me. You know, that Daddy of yours is the funniest man, the things he says, you never know what's going to come out of his mouth next. Buddy, quit that, you're just a child, you're not supposed to be interested in such things. Ha ha ha, that's some idea, a cantaloupe. What did you expect? I fell madly in love with him when he called me Rosebud. You know that first day when I come and he said I looked graceful like a capital letter S and called me Rosebud? I fell madly in love with that man right then. But it's a lost love, Buddy. He's a good man and won't have nothin' to do with me. Promise not to tell Doll? -- or nobody? Buddy, it's your Daddy! I'm so much in love with him I am out of my mind! Why, it has just made me ill, Buddy. I'm sick. I don't want to eat nothin', I don't, and me I got a good appetite, that ain't nat'ral for me. I'm ill. Buddy, I was horrible. I can't tell you who it was, but do you know what I did? I sat on his lap and got ahold of him and wiggled and wiggled my ass on him and was worse'n you could know, a child like you. Why, I let one of my tits fall out deliberate on purpose and practically smack him in the face with it and I let my dern skirt come up so he could see my drawers... But to get back serious to what I was sayin', it is not only, Buddy, the loss of him but my own bad behavior what bothers me so... It's so terrible I can't tell you. Oh, Buddy, you don't know how it hurts to have a broken heart, what a terrible feeling it is, and I've had a broken heart so many times. Men, I don't understand them, I can't figure them out and they break my heart, that's all. I can't find Mr. Right, Buddy, I can't find him no matter how hard I look, all I find is a whole pile of Mr. Wrongs. But this is the worst ever because it wasn't his fault. It was my fault, oh yes, my fault, I was bad -- oh God, I was bad, you wouldn't believe how bad I was. I thought I'd go crazy back there in that room all by myself with nobody to talk to. As a child, I never had no room all to myself, we were awful poor. Buddy... I have got a confession to make. Buddy, I am wandering in a wilderness, lost. I just feel awful. Do you mind if I get in bed with you for a little while? Buddy, you are in one of your evil moods, I don't want to talk to you. I'm going out and sweep the patio. I don't hear you. I just turn my back on that kind of talk and look away. I didn't hear you. I didn't hear that. What terrible thing in Cave Springs? Your Daddy is a wonderful man, I'll say that. He's the best and most kind-hearted man in the world. Bad is bad, Buddy. There ain't no sense to it. They were just bad men, that's all. Nobody. Buddy. Well, now, that's a nice name, I like it. I am real pleased to meet you. Hey, look, do you think you got a cold drink of ice water somewhere? What was it, Mr. Hillyer? Well, I'll pay you that back sometime, Mr. Hillyer. Perfect, wonderful, good as I ever felt! Except for a big old scar on my stummick, I wouldn't even know I been in the hospital. It's so, Mr. Hillyer. I haven't had my period for three months and my stomach is getting big. Yes, Mr. Hillyer, I am. Yes, I am. Yes, mine. I'm going to have one. Mine. I'm not cryin' because of me, I'm cryin' because of somebody else. You mean a farm? Well. What kinda job is it? Tennessee? Yes, sir. What's the use, there ain't none. Mr. Hillyer, I know it was bad and I hadn't ought to of done it. But I'm only a human girl and I... I ain't always perfect. I promise I won't let him in the house no more, I promise. Won't you and Mrs. Hillyer forgive me? Under the mattress. I hid 'em so you wouldn't be mad. He wants to marry me, he loves me. I can't marry him, he's too young and hasn't got no job, but he loves me... now you wouldn't hurt him, would you? He's a nice boy, you'd like him. He wants to be a fireman. Well, Mr. Hillyer, Billy's very poor, he don't have no money and there wasn't no place else to go. Well, it's Billy. There ain't nobody here, Mr. Hillyer! Honest, there ain't! Yes, sir. Yes, air. I didn't mean to bite him, I really didn't. I didn't mean to bite him. He was hitting Horton with a blackjack in the meanest way and... and I bit him accidental. Well, I don't know what happened. They were arguin' about baseball, then all of 'em started fightin'. As for that policeman, I didn't bite him, I don't think I bit him. I got an awful bad cold. Oh, no, sir. Boy, for four or five days there I didn't think I'd live. But I'm my old self again! Wonderful. Except I can touch the place back there with my tongue, I wouldn't even know I had that tooth pulled. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I'm not hungry. Ohhh-hh, ohhh... Yes, sir. Yes, Mr. Hillyer, it was. I... I heard strange voices in the night. It'll do just fine. Bye-bye, see you later. Oh, I'll just mosey around here and there. Oh, anywhere downtown. Yes, sir. I had to go to the bathroom. My rose. It's kind of like a motto. People will say, there comes Rose with her rose. There are more on the other side. Well, it has buttons. Why, sure, always got time to get you a half-a-cup, and one of these days I'm gonna get you a whole cup and see what happens. You're so sweet. Yeah. I'm goin' out. Nothin'. I got myself up, that's all. No, sir. Nothin', just goin' to the bathroom. Oh, I know. She's so sweet, she's been so good to me... Oh-h, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Mr. Hillyer... I just... couldn't help myself. I'm sorry... Don't make me... me... me... get up! No, no! You don't understand, I love you! It's real love and I can't help it! Please kiss me, Mr. Hillyer, I love you, I love you so much... Yes, crazy about you! Kiss me, Mr. Hillyer! I... I'll get the grits. Oh, I don't know, I... I... Yes, sir. Yes, sir. And who do you suppose he is? That policeman who arrested me, the one I bit! He is Mr. Right! You'll never guess what happened! I have met Mr. Right! I been with him all day and he loves me, I know he does, he loves me and he's going to marry met Be's practi'cly ast me already! I was offered that job as a waitress. I don't mind. Oh, I know. But I didn't, really. Honestly, I didn't. There was only one, but he's out of town and leave no forwardin' address. Oh-h, Mrs. Hillyer, I... I can't think. I... I'm not really sure. Well, I... I... I don't know... maybe it was... but no, you can't be sure about a thing like that. It wasn't Billy, I didn't know him. I'm not hungry. I can't eat nothin', I haven't been able to eat since I got fired. I think maybe I'm sick. I don't want to. When I was lyin' there in that hospital bed at death's door I says to myself, I ain't goin' out no more. If I ever get outta this, I'll just stay home. Well, you're real sweet to make it for me. There never was nobody like you. And you don't need to worry, I ain't goin' out no more. Yeah, it's kinda nice. What? Wha-at? Mrs. Hillyer? Yes, ma'am. No more dentists, no more dentists... Never again, never again... Oh-hh, ohh-hh, Lord, he's gonna kill me. I'm not goin' in there, I don't like the looks of it! Ohh-hh, a little. Oh-h, I ain't never been to no dentist before. He's gonna kill me, I just know it. I don't want to go to the dentist. Oh... oh... oh! I think... maybe... one of 'em... was Foster... but I don't hardly know him! Mrs. Hillyer, I don't know who he is, I really don't. Yes, Ma'am. Oh, no, that's the style. It's meant to be clinging. No, ma'am, I'm just fine. Yes, Ma'am. I like to work. I don't mind work. It's the least I can do after all you and Mr. Hillyer have done for me. You're so sweet. There never was nobody like you. You're so sweet. It must be wonderful to be so smart. I don't see how you do it, reading all those books, learning all that stuff. Are you going to get your degree soon? What are you studying now, Mrs. Hillyer? Oh, no, ma'am.