Is that wise, sir? I mean, given their situation - Aye, sir. Do we report this, sir? Captain, I'm getting a message from Klingon High Command. Aye, sir.Just the prototype. I won't allow Starfleet to be dismantled over some Klingon promises. Captain, our shields -- ! Sir? Captain. Right standard rudder, Z plus five degrees... I always wanted to try that. I gather you are not enthusiastic about the assignment... I don't think many on board are. We're almost at the rendezvous - I thought you'd want to know... Sorry - Aye, sir. Kronos, sir? Aye, sir. Captain, may I remind you that regulations specify thrusters only while in space dock? Aft thrusters - Saavik, sir. We were told you'd need a helmsman - ... so I volunteered. You've betrayed the Federation - all of you. You can't prove any of this... I don't want to. A lie? Suppose when they returned they threw the boots into the garbage? We've got a crew of three hundred turning their own quarters inside out, but the killers may be among them. Surely they've disposed of these boots by now. Wouldn't it have been logical to leave them on Gorkon's ship? A lie? Commander Uhura has been experiencing technical difficulties sir. Not as yet, sir. Such things have happened before, sir. How did you - ? But we can't allow them to be taken back to Kronos as prisoners. Faith...? Sir, I speak to you as a kindred intellect. Do you not recognize that a turning point has been reached in the affairs of the Federation? I do not think so. Enterprise has disobeyed orders and harbors two escaped convicts. Admiral Donald will make certain all your ship-to- shore transmissions are jammed. In nineteenth century France, workers who felt their livelihood threatened by machines, flung their wooden shoes - called SABOTS - into the gears to stop them. Hence the word SABOTAGE. Trouble? Direct hit -I thought I would assume a pleasing shape. We're outside the shield. Now it's your turn, Kirk. It takes a lot of effort. They'll respect him now... I don't mind. Smuggling. Guilty. I come from Arc. Smuggling is an ancient and respected trade there. They'll make it look like an accident... I can't make it alone. You're the likeliest candidate to come to this god-forsaken place in months. Getting outside the shield is easy. After that it's up to you to get us off the surface before we freeze. Can you? I know how to get outside the shield. It IS possible. Listen. No one has ever escaped from Rura Penthe. When whoever it is makes their move, you won't be here to ask if he's the one. That's not his knee. Not everybody keeps their genitals in the same place, Captain. Don't you know? Everyone on Rura Penthe is here for life. Of course not. Anyway, somebody up there wants you out of the way. We don't get many presidential assassins. There's a reward for your death. Krandog aranty. And your coat. He wants your obedience to the Brotherhood of Aliens.Captain, we can't see her, but she gives off heat... Nothing, Captain. If they're here, they're rigger for silent running. Gorkon's own man?? It's pretty chaotic over there. There's been some weapons fire and a lot of shouting... This is Enterprise. We surrender. Repeat Enterprise surrenders -- Captain -- Channel open, Captain. Control tower, reading, Sir. We can send a message to Starfleet Command - We are experiencing a technical malfunction. All backup systems inoperative. We've been ordered to - Confirmed, Captain! They might as well arrest me, too; I felt like Lieutenant Saavik. Well, what about all that atmospheric equipment we're carrying to catalogue gaseous anomalies? Maybe we should write them a letter? You understand that we have lost all contact with Captain Kirk...? I've pulled out my - uh wooden shoe and Starfleet is screaming for us to return to port. Even assuming you're correct, Mr. Spock, why would they fire on their own President? What exactly does that mean? Sulu's giving us his position and telling us he's standing by... Yes, sir. How do both sides overcome ingrained prejudice?