Science Fiction - double-feature Dr X will build a creature See Androids fighting Brad and Janet Anne Francis stars in Forbidden Planet Oh - at the late night, double-feature Picture Show. Science Fiction - double-feature Dr X will build a creature See Androids fighting Brad and Janet Anne Francis stars in Forbidden Planet Oh - at the late-night, double-feature Picture Show By RKO O- Oh At the late-night, double-feature Picture Show In the back row At the late-night, double-feature Picture Show I want to go. Well Brad, I guess we made it huh! Well I don't think there was any doubt about that - You and Betty have been almost inseparable ever since you sat in on Dr Scott's refresher lectures. Tell you the truth Brad, she was the only reason I came in the first place. Science was never one of my favourite subjects but I sure with Dr Scott could have made it today. Yes, Janet and I are both fond of him. We drove over to see him last vacation. It's a shame his new job took him away from Denton. Hey fella.  It looks like it could be your turn next. Who knows...ha ha. Oh Brad, wasn't it wonderful. Didn't Betty look radiantly beautiful.   Just an hour ago she was plain old Betty Monroe.  Now she's Mrs.  Ralph Hapschatt. Er...yes, Janet.......Ralph's a  lucky guy.  (They start to move d.s.) Everyone knows Betty's a wonderful  little cook. And Ralph himself will be in line for  promotion in a year or so. I've got something to say. I really loved the skilful way You beat the other girls To the bride's bouquet. The river was deep but I swam it. Janet. The future is ours so let's plan it. So please don't tell me to can it. I've one thing to say and that's Dammit, Janet. I love you. The road was long but I ran it. (He runs backwards towards church doors) Janet. There's a fire in my heart And you fan it.  (Jumps off) Janet. If there's one fool for you Then I am it. Janet. I've one thing to say and that's, Dammit, Janet. I love you. Here's a ring to prove that I'm not joker. There's three ways that love can grow. That's good bad or mediocre. Oh - J - A - N - E - T I love you so. Oh Dammit. I'm mad..... Oh Janet There's one thing left to do-ah-ooh And that's go see the man Who began it Janet. When we met in his science exam It - Made me give you the eye And then panic, I've got one thing to say, and that's Dammit, Janet. I love you. Dammit, Janet. Dammit, Janet. I would like if I may to take you on a strange journey. It seemed a fairly ordinary night when Brad Majors and his fiancee Janet Weiss (two young ordinary healthy kids) left Denton that late November evening to visit Dr Everett Scott, ex. tutor and now friend of both of them.  It's true  there were dark storm clouds, heavy,  black and pendulous, toward which they  were driving.  It's true also that the  spare tyre they were carrying was badly  in need of some air.  But they being  normal kids and on a night out, well  they were not going to let a storm  spoil the events of their evening. On a night out. It was a night out they were going to remember for a very long time. Yes, Janet.  Life's pretty cheap to that type. I think we took the wrong fork a few miles back. Hmmm ... Well, I guess we will have to turn back. We must have a blow-out. You'd better sit here and keep warm  while I go for help. Didn't we pass a castle back down the road a few miles?  Maybe they have a telephone I might use. There's no point both of us getting wet. There's a light Over at the Frankenstein place. There's a light. Burning in the fireplace. I can see the flag fly I can see the rain Just the same There has got to be Something better here For you and me. There's a light. Burning in the fireplace. There's a light. A light In the darkness of everybody's life. The darkness must go Down the river of nights dreaming Flow morphia slow Let the sun and light come streaming Into my life. Into my life. There's a light. Over at the Frankenstein place. There's a light. Burning in the fireplace. There's a light, a light. In the darkness of everybody's life. And so it seemed that fortune had smiled on Brad and Janet and that they had found the assistance that their plight required - or had they? Just a moment, Janet.  They may have a telephone. Hello. Uh - oh - Hi!  My name is Brad Majors. And this is my fiancee, Janet Weiss.  I - ah - wondered if you could help us.  Our car has broken down about two miles up the road.  Do you have a phone we might use? You're wet. Yes. Yes. I think you had better both come inside. Oh, it's probably some kind of hunting lodge for rich weirdos. This way. No.  You've arrived on a rather special night.  It's one of the master's affairs. It's astounding Time is fleeting Madness takes its toll But listen closely Not for very much longer I've got to keep control. I remember doing the Time Warp. Drinking those moments when The blackness would hit me. And the void would be calling. It's just a jump to the left. With your hands on your hips. Well I was walking down the street Just having a think When a snake of a guy Gave me an evil wink. Well it shook me up It took me by surprise He had a pick-up truck And the devil's eyes He stared at me And I felt a change Time meant nothing Never would again. It's just a jump to the left. With your hands on your hips. Say!  Do any of you guys know the Madison? For God's sake keep a grip on yourself Janet. It's just a..a party Janet. We can't go anywhere until I get to a phone. Let's wait awhile Janet.  We don't want  to interfere with their celebrations. They're probably foreigners with ways  different from our own.  -  They may  do some more folk dancing. I'm here, there's nothing to worry about. How do you do. I see you've met my faithful handyman. He's a little brought down -  Because when you knocked He thought you were the candyman. Don't get strung out by the way  that I look. Don't judge a book by its cover I'm not much of a man By the light of day But by night I'm one hell of a lover. I'm just a sweet Transvestite From Transexual Transylvania. Let me show you around, maybe play you a sound You look like you're both pretty groovie. Or if you want something visual not too abysmal We could take in an old Steve Reeves movie. I'm glad we caught you at home Ah - could we use your phone We're both in a bit of a hurry. We'll just say where we are Then go back to the car We don't want to be any worry. You got caught with a flat Well how about that Well babies don't you panic By the light of the night It'll seem alright I'll get you a satanic mechanic. I'm just a sweet transvestite From Transexual Transylvania. Why dont'cha stay for the night "night" Or maybe a bite "bite" I could show you my favourite obsession I've been making a man With blonde hair and a tan And he's good for relieving my tension. I'm just a sweet transvestite From Transexual Transylvania. I'm just a sweet transvestite. From Transexual Transylvania. So come up to the Lab. Slowly, slowly.  It's too nice a job to rush. It's alright Janet, we'll play along for now and pull out the aces when the time is right. Ah, hi.  My name is Brad Majors and this is my fiancee, Janet Weiss.  You are ... You are very lucky to be invited up to Frank's laboratory.  Some people would give their right arm for the privilege. People like you maybe I've seen it. The Master is not yet married.  Nor do I think he ever will be.  We are simply his servants. Magenta, Columbia, go and assist Riff Raff. I will entertain...ah... I'm Brad Majors and this is my fiancee, Janet Vice. Weiss. Encante....How nice.  (he circles them) And what charming underclothes you both have. (He takes two dust coats from Riff Raff  and hands them to Brad). But here, put these on.  They'll make you feel less vulnerable. It's not often we receive visitors here. Let alone offer them hospitality. Hospitality!  All we wanted to do was  use your telephone.  A reasonable request  which you have chosen to ignore. Don't be ungrateful Brad. Ungrateful! How forceful you are Brad.  Such a  perfect specimen of manhood.  So dominant. You must be awfully proud of him Janet. Do you have any tattoos Brad. Certainly not! Oh well.  How about you.  (He laughs) Everything is in readiness, Master. We merely await your word. Tonight...One, one, one.  Can you hear  me at the back? Tonight, my unconventional conventionists. Tonight you are to witness a breakthrough  in biochemical research. And paradise is to be mine. It was strange the way it happened. One of those quirks of fate really.   One of those moments when you seem  irredeemably lost:  you panic; you're  trapped; your back's against the wall. There's no way out, and then suddenly,  you get a break.  (He cracks the bones  in his hand)  All the pieces seem to  fit into place.  What a sucker you'r  been. What a fool.  The answer was there all the time.  It took a small accident  to make it happen.  An accident! An accident. That's how I discovered the secret. That elusive ingredient, that spark  that is the breath of life. You see, Brad and Janet, you are fortunate. For tonight is the night that my beautiful creature is destined to be born. Throw open the switches on the sonic  oscillator. And step up the reactor power input  three more points. It's alright Janet. The Sword of Damocles is Hanging over my head. And I've got the feeling Someone's going to be Cutting the thread. Oh, woe is me. My life is a misery. Oh, can't you see That I'm at the start Of a pretty big downer.... I woke up this morning With a start When I fell out of bed. That ain't no crime. And left from my dreaming Was a feeling Of un-nameable dread. My high is low. I'm dressed up With no place to go. And all I know Is I'm at the start Of a pretty big downer. Sha la la la That ain't no crime. Oh, no no, no no. No no no, no no. Rocky needed peace of mind. He didn't know He was doing just fine. He was the product Of another time. And as for feeling down - Well that's not a crime. Oh no no no no. No no no no. No no no no. No no no no. Well.  That's no way to behave on your first day out. But as you're such an exceptional beauty I'm prepared to forgive. I just love success. He is a credit to your genius, Master. Yes. A triumph of your vill. Yes. He's o.k. O.K?  (Moving out behind tank towards  Janet and Brad)  I think we can do a  little better than that. You.  (To Janet)  What do you think? I didn't make him for you He carries the Charles Atlas seal of  approval....And he didn't even take  the lessons. A weakling weighing Ninety eight pounds Will get sand in his face When kicked to the ground. And soon in the gym (ROCKY sits on horse) With a determined chin The sweat from his pores As he works for his ca-ha-hause Will make him glisten - thank you - And gleam. And with massage And just a little bit of Ste-he-he-he-hem...(laughs) He'll be pink. And quite clean. He'll be a strong man - Oh honey - He'll eat nutritious high protein And swallow raw eggs. Try to build up his shoulders, His chest, arms and legs. Such an effort - If he only knew of my plan. In just seven days, He'll do press-ups and chin-ups, Do the snatch, clean and jerk. He thinks dynamic tension Must be hard work. Such strenuous living I just don't understand. When, in just seven days - Oh baby...(ROCKY jumps up.) I can make you A ma-a-a-a-an...(laugh). Eddie! Stay cool baby. The delivery boy. Whatever happened to Saturday night When you dressed up sharp And you felt alright It don't seem the same since cosmic light Came into my life and I thought I was divine. I used to go for a ride with a chick who'd go And listen to the music on the radio. A saxophone was blowing on a rock and roll show And we climbed in the back And we really had a good time Hot patootie Bless my soul I really love that rock and roll (four times) My head used to swim From the perfume I smelled. My hands kind of fumbled With her white plastic belt. I'd taster her baby pink lipstick, And that's when I'd melt. And she'd whisper in my ear, Tonight she really was mine. Get back in front and put Some hair oil on. Buddy Holly was singing His very last song. With your arms around your girl You tried to - ah - sing along It felt pretty good, whoo. Really had a good ti-i-ime. Hot patootie Bless my soul. I really love that rock and roll. Hot patootie Bless my soul. I really love that rock and roll. Hot patootie Bless my soul. You know I love that rock and roll. Hot patootie Bless my soul. I really love that rock and roll. One from the vaults. And so perish all those who reject my love! Oh no, my little Adonis - You're much too beautiful to be destroyed. He had a certain naive charm - but no muscle. But a deltoid And a bicep, A hot groin And a tricep Makes me - ooh - Shake. Makes me want To take Charles Atlas By the ha-and. In just seven days - Oh baby - I can make you a Ma-ha-ha-ha-haan. I don't want no dissension Just dynamic tension. In just seven days I can make you A ma-ha-ha-ha-haan. In just seven days I can make you A ma-ha-ha-ha-haaan. There are some people who say that life is an illusion, and that reality is simply a figment of our imaginations!  If this is so, then Brad and Janet are quite safe. However, the sudden departure of their host and his creation (into the seclusion of his sombre bridal suite) had left them feeling both apprehensive and uneasy. A feeling which grew as the other guests 'departed' and 'they' were shown to their separate rooms. It's only me, Janet. It's alright Janet.  Everything's going to be alright. No, don't do that. I'm afraid so, Janet.  But isn't it nice? Nothing.  Why, do you think I should? I know.  But it wasn't all bad was it? In fact, I think you found it quite pleasurable. Mmmmm so soft, so sensual. Ssssh.  Brad's probably asleep by now.   Do you want him to see you like this? Well, I'm sure you're not spent yet. Cross my heart and hope to die. Oh Brad, it's no good here.  It will destroy us. Don't worry Janet, we'll be away from here in the morning.  Hmmmm, you smell so good. Alright, Janet.  I understand. Janet!  Oh!  Yes it's alright.  Janet. Everything's going to be alright. You! I'm afraid so, Brad.  But wasn't it nice? Why you - what have you done with Janet? Nothing.  Why do you think I should? You tricked me.  I wouldn't have - I've never - never. I know, but it wasn't all bad was it? I think you found it quite pleasurable. Oh so soft.  So sensual. Ahhh - no - stop - I mean Janet. Janet. Shush.  Janet's probably asleep by now. Do you want her to see you like this? Like this. Like how?  It's your fault - you're to blame.  I thought it was the real thing. Oh come on, Brad, admit it.  It was enjoyable, wasn't it?  There's no crime in giving yourself over to pleasure. Oh Brad, you have wasted so much time already.  Janet needn't know, I won't tell her. You promise you won't tell? On my mother's grave. Master, Rocky has broken his chains and vanished.  The new playmate is loose and in the castle ground.  Magenta has just released the dogs. I'm coming. Once in a while she don't want to call you Speaking on the telephone Once in your life she won't want to know you You look around The one you've found She is gone. And that's all the time that it takes For a heart to turn to stone The sweeter the wine The harder to make the break You hear something about someone You'd thought you'd known. So baby don't cry like there's no tomorrow After the night there's a brand new day. And there'll be no pain And no more sorrow. So wash your face And phone my place It'll be O.K. And that's all the time that it takes For a heart to beat again. So give me a sign That a lover makes You look around The one you've found Is back again. "If" and "Only", two small words.  Words which kept repeating themselves again and again in Janet's thoughts.  But it was too late to go back now.  It was as if she were riding a giant tidal wave.  It would be folly to fight against it.  Her only chance would be to ride it out - adapt - and perhaps also to survive. "Emotion".  Mental agitation - an excited state of. It is also an irrational and powerful master and from what Janet had witnessed on the monitor, there seemed to be little doubt that she was indeed its slave. Tell us about it, Janet. You mean she only ever kissed? Down, down down. Touch-a touch-a touch-a, touch me. Thrill me, chill me, fulfil me. Creature of the night. Creature of the night. Creature of the night. Creature of the night. Creature of the night. Creature of the night. Aaaargh!  Mercy. How did it happen?  I understood you were to be watching. I was only away for a minute Master. Well, see if you can find him on the monitor. Master, we have a visitor. Great scott - Scotty - Dr Everett Scott. You know this earth - this person. I most certainly do.  He happens to be an old friend of mine. I see.  So this wasn't simply a chance meeting.  You came here with a purpose. I told you, my car broke down. I was telling the truth. I know what you told me, Brad. But this Dr Everett Scott.  His name is not unknown to me. He was a Science Teacher at Denton High. And now he works for your Government, doesn't he, Brad?  He's attached to the Bureau of Investigation of that which you call U.F.O's.  Isn't he, Brad? He might be.  I don't know. Hmmmm.  He'll be in the Zen Room. Well, let's ask him. Dr. Scott! Brad!  What are you doing here? Don't play games, Dr Scott.  You know very well what Brad Majors's doing here. It was part of your plan was it not that he, and his female, should check the layout for you.  Well, unfortunately for you all there's to be a change of plans.  I'm sure you're adaptable, Dr Scott.  I know Brad is. I can assure you that Brad's presence comes as a complete surprise to me. I came to find Eddie. Eddie?  I've seen him.  He's... Eddie?  What do you know of Eddie, Dr Scott? I happen to know a great deal about a lot of things.  You see Eddie happens to be my nephew. Dr Scott. Janet! Janet! Rocky! Listen!  I made you, and I can break you just as easily. That's better. Excellent.  (moves to Dr. Scott) Doctor Scott you can sample the speciality of the house - roast loin of pork. Under the circumstances, formal dress is to be optional. Food has always played a vital role in life's rituals.  The breaking of bread - the last meal of the condemned man - and now this meal.  However informal it might appear you can be sure there was to be very little 'bonhomie'. A toast to absent friends. Absent friends. We came here to discuss Eddie. Eddie! It's a rather tender subject.... Another slice anyone. Excuse me. I knew he was in with a bad crowd.  But it was worse than I imagined...(He turns back) Aliens! Dr. Scott! Go on, Dr. Scott - or should I say doctor von Scott. What exactly are you implying? That's alright Brad. But Doctor Scott... From the day he was born, he was trouble. He was the thorn In his mutter's side. She tried in vain. But he never caused her Nothing but shame. He left home the day she died. From the day she was gone All he wanted Was rock and roll, Porn. Und a motorbike. Shooting up junk He was a low down Cheap little punk. Taking everyone for a ride. When Eddie said He didn't like his teddy You knew he was a no good kid. But when he threatened your life With a switch blade knife What a guy Und I did. Everybody shoved him, I very nearly loved him. I said, hey listen to me, Stay sane inside insanity. But he locked the door And threw away the key. Making him warn, me, In a note Which reads. What's it say, What's it say? I'm out of my head Oh hurry, or I may be dead. They mustn't carry out their evil deeds, Yaaaow. When Eddie said he didn't like his teddy You knew he was a no good kid. Und when he threatened your life With a switch blade knife What guy Und I did. Eddie! When Eddie said he didn't like his teddy You knew he was a no good kid. But when he threatened your life With a switch blade knife What a guy Woe woe woe Hey hey hey Und I did EDDIE! Oh Rocky, how could you! I'll tell you once, Won't tell you twice You'd better wise up Janet Weiss. Y'apple pie Don't taste too nice You'd better wise up Janet Weiss. I've laid the seed It should be all you need. You're as sensual As a pencil Wound up like an 'E' or first string When we made it Did ya hear a bell ring? Y'got a block, Take my advice. You'd better wise up, Janet Weiss. The transducer (He slams the handle) Will seduce yah. My wheels - My God, I can't move my wheels. It's as if we were glued to the spot. You are - so quake with fear, you tiny fools. You won't find earth people quite the easy mark you imagine.  This sonic transducer - it is, I suppose, some kind of audio-vibratory, physiomolecular transport device.... You mean... Yes Brad.  It's something we ourselves have been working on.  But it seems our friend here has found a way of perfecting it.  A device which is capable of breaking down solid matter and then projecting it through space, and - who knows - perhaps even time itself! Planet. Schmanet. Janet. You'd better wise up, Janet Weiss. You'd better wise up, Build your thighs up. You'd better wise up. Then she cries out - You're a hot dog But you'd better not Try to hurt her, Frank Furter. You're a hot dog But you'd better not Try to hurt her, Frank Furter. My God!  I can't take any more of this -  first you spurn me for Eddie, then you  cast him off like an old overcoat for  Rocky.  You chew people up and then spit  them out - I loved you, do you hear me -  I LOVED YOU - And what did it get me -  I'll tell you - a big nothing. You're like a sponge.  You take, take,  take, take!  You drain others of their  love and emotions.  Well, I've had enough.   You've got to choose between me and Rocky -  so named because of the rocks in his head. It's not easy having a good time. Even smiling makes my face ache. My children turn on me.  Rocky's behaving just as Eddie did.  Maybe I made a mistake in splitting his brain between the two of them. Magenta, I am indeed grateful to both you and your brother RIff Raff - you have both served me well - loyalty such as yours must be rewarded and you will discover when the mood takes me I can be quite generous. And you shall receive it - in abundance. Come.  We are ready for the floor show. Our guests will be growing restless. And so, by some extraordinary coincidence -  fate it seems had decided that Brad and  Janet should keep that appointment with  their friend Dr Everett Scott.  But it was  to be in a situation which none of them  could have possibly foreseen.  And just a  few hours after announcing their engagement,  Brad and Janet had both tasted forbidden  fruit.  This in itself was proof that their  host was a man of little morals - and some  persuasion.  What further indignities were  they to be subjected to?  And what of the  sonic transducer and floor show that had  been spoken of?  What indeed?  From what  had gone before, it was clear that this  was to be no picnic. It was great when it all began I was a regular Frank fan. But it was over when he had the plan To start working on a muscle-man. Now the only thing that gives me hope Is my love of a certain dope Rose tints my world keeps me Safe from my trouble and pain. I'm just seven hours old Truly beautiful to behold And somebody should be told My libido hasn't been controlled Now the only thing I've come to trust Is an orgasmic�rush of lust Rose tints my world keeps me Safe from my trouble and pain. It's beyond me Help me Mommy I'll be good you'll see Take this dream away What's this, let's see I feel sexy What's come over me Here it comes again. What ever happened to Fay Wray That delicate satin-draped frame As it clung to her thigh How I started to cry For I wanted to be dressed just the same. Give yourself over to absolutely pleasure Swim the warm waters of sins of the flesh Erotic nightmares Beyond any measure And sensual daydreams To treasure forever. Can't you just see it. Can't you just see it. Don't dream it.  Be it. Ach, we've got to get out of this trap before this decadence saps our wills. I've got to be strong and try to hang on.  Or else my mind, may well snap. Und my life will be lived, For the thri-i-i-i-ill... It's beyond me Help me Mo-ommy. My my my my I'm a wild and an untamed thing. I'm a bee with a deadly sting. Get a hit and your mind goes ping. Your heart'll thump and your blood will sing. So let the party and the sounds rock on. Gonna shake it till the life has gone. Rose tint my world Keep me safe from my trouble and pain. I'm a wild and an untamed thing I'm a bee with a deadly sting. Get a hit and your mind goes ping Your heart'll thump and your blood will sing. So let the part and the sounds rock on Gonna shake it till the life has gone. Rose tint my world Keep me safe from my trouble and pain. Frank N. Furter It's all over Your mission is a failure. Your life style's too extreme. I'm your new Commander. You are now my prisoner. We return to Transylvania Prepare the transit beam. Wait!  I can explain. On the day I went away. Was all I had to say Want to come again and stay Smile and that will mean I may I've seen blue skies Through the tears in my eyes And I realise I'm going home I'm going home Everywhere it's been the same Like I'm outside in the rain Free to try and find a game Cards for sorrow, Cards for pain. I've seen blue skies Through the tears in my eyes And I realise I'm going home I'm going home. I'm going home. And also presumptuous of you.  You see when I said "we" were to return to Transylvania, I referred only to Magenta and myself. You see, you are to remain here, in spirit anyway. Great Heavens, that's a laser. Yes, Dr Scott.  A laser capable of emitting a beam of pure anti-matter. You mean you're going to kill him? What's his crime? You saw what became of Eddie. Society must be protected. Exactly, Dr Scott.  Now Frank N. Furter, your time has come.  Say goodbye to all this and hello to oblivion. Do your worse - inferior one. Good God. Yes. They didn't like me.  They never liked me. You did right. A decision had to be made. You're OK by me. Dr Scott I'm sorry about your nephew. Yes, well perhaps it was for the best. You must leave now Dr Scott while it's still possible.  We are about to beam the entire house back to the planet of transexual in the galaxy of Transylvania. Go now. Our noble mission is almost completed my most beautiful sister, soon we will return to the moon-drenched shores of our "androgenous" planet. But it's the pelvic thrust that really drives you insane. I've done a lot God knows I've tried To find the truth I've even lied But all I know is down inside. I'm bleeding. Is feeding. And crawling on the planet's face Some insects called the human race Lost in time, and lost in space And meaning. 