Let's get outta here before somebody hears us! Buy 'em with what, dumbhead? I can't, dummy. He'll see that the pack's been opened. You're such a dumbhead.How did he sound this time? Was he nervous? Depressed? I see. Then what brought you up here? So you just came up to visit this Hobbes and you found them like that? You knew these people? Did you touch anything? Move anything before we got here? You're the one who found the bodies? Dr. St. Luc? Detective-Sergeant Heller. I'd like to ask you a few questions. Well, let's go talk to your doctor. Medical clinic? Is that the man who called you up here? And that was her. Annabelle Horse... field.Oh, but the nurse, she went away. I think she must go to look for you. Yes? Who is there? We live in 703. I hit it. I hit it with my cane. Then I carry it on the cane and I throw it down to the incinerator, down to the garbage. Please pardon me. I am Niccolo Spergazzi. I am a resident here. I don't know... we were walking in the hallway and... Cabiria... my wife... she was attacked by this thing... here, on her arm.Used to know a doctor who said he got to know his patients better than their wives did. Cutting a man open sure does expose more of him than pulling down his pants, gotta admit that. Gonna cut me open? That's the one. Yep. She lived in 1208. But we usually went to my place. Bigger liquor cabinet, bigger bed. She was gone when I got back from my last Florida trip. Too bad. Had a beautiful tan. Must have gone home to mother. Didn't seem worried about them. She had a couple just like them. Right here near her belly button. You could push 'em around. I thought they were kinda sexy, myself. Good shape for an old man, eh? Want me to breathe deeply?OK, Rog. See you at ten. I dunno. Try tranquilizers. Once you can get at them, there's a lotta stuff you can use. I'll bring a bagful. It's just the standard tropical kit. But the trick is to get at them. Yeah. Ah, I don't want to panic you or anything, but, I mean, the way Hobbes designed them, they're supposed to get out of hand real quick, so you don't have much time to think about what's happening to you. Once they decide to start pumping all those dynamite juices into the old blood stream... I dunno. But if you see some people doing kind of compulsive, maybe even bizarre sexual things... I'd kinda like to come over there and have a look at one of these guys. Huh? Lemme clarify for you. It looks like -- and I quote -- 'a disease to save man from his mind.' Listen, Rog. I knew Hobbes was funny, you know? I told you that. But I didn't really know just how funny he was. See... when he kicked off, they sent all the personal secret stuff they found to his mother -- she's still alive but just barely -- and she sent everything she thought was medical to me here at the lab. I'm Hobbes's partner, right? Anyway, I've been going through his papers, and what they add up to is this: Hobbes was shafting us all, me, the university, the foundations and the councils, the private labs, everybody. We never really knew what it was we were working on. Hobbes gave us each a few crumbs, but he was the only one who knew what the whole loaf would look like. Yeah, well, I'm flattered, but you won't find any real meat in them. It's me, Rollo Linsky. Remember me? That you, Rog? But you'll think about what I said about working together, huh? Aw, he met her when he was lecturing at some private girls' school. They caught him examining her little tits for breast cancer in the faculty lounge. She was twelve. Don't ask. It was craziness, believe me. They used to come here sometimes. Don't ask. It was women did it to Hobbes. Couldn't handle them. That girl, that Annabelle -- talk about crazy projects. You want to help sick people for the rest of your life? God forbid I should talk you out of it. Rog, I gotta talk serious to you. Really. Listen. Ya listening? OK. I want you to come into this with me. To tell the honest-to-God truth, I'm lonely. All Hobbes ever did was run around getting money and phone me in the middle of the night. He wanted you in anyway. That's why we were gonna get together, the three of us. We would have enough to keep us going for at least five years, even with inflation. You know and I know that Hobbes was a lousy teacher, eh? Lousy. Dry, academic, afraid of women, lousy. But he was always a genius at one thing -- getting grants. Could he get grants for crazy projects? Right. It's crazy. But here's the beauty part. Ready? Who cares? You put the bug into the body of a man with a diseased kidney, the bug attacks the bad kidney, dissolves it, it's assimilated by the body, and now you got a perfectly good parasite where you used to have a rotten kidney. I know what you're gonna say. You're gonna say it's crazy. Look. You got men, you got parasites that live in, on, and around men. Now. Why not breed a parasite that does something useful? Eh? Why not breed a parasite capable of taking over the function of any one of a bunch of human organs? Why not, for example, a parasite living in the human abdominal cavity that plugs into the circulatory system and filters the blood like a kidney? If it takes a little blood for itself, so what? Be generous! You can afford it. I know. You're bored already. Transplants are yesterday's kishkas, right? That was my father's idea... private practice. He wanted to set me up -- I couldn't say no. But he's dead now. And me, I'm still a snoop, I gotta do research. Look at that beautiful stuff... ...lookit it! So who changes? I'm still a VD man under the skin, Rog. You know me. I'm a down-to-earth kinda guy, right? Not exactly the kind of lunch Hobbes would have laid on you, Rog, but it's all I got, and... ...all I got I share with you. Go ahead. Take all you want.He sounded fine. It was very strange. He called me at six this morning. Hobbes called me. I thought I was dreaming. I haven't heard that voice for so long. He told me who it was, then he said something like, 'Meet me at apartment 1208 at noon. I want you to go out for lunch with me. It's time you furthered your education.' Then he laughed and hung up. I went back to sleep. He called me again at eight to remind me to come. Oh, no. I haven't seen Dr. Hobbes since I was in medical school. He taught me... he was my prof in urology and... I think he conducted a few seminars in psychopharmacology. That was it. I had no idea he'd ever set foot in Starliner Towers until today. I knew the man, Emil Hobbes, a doctor and a professor at university. I saw the girl around the building but I didn't know her. She never came to the clinic. No, nothing. Yes. Sure. Down to the incinerator. Will you be OK now? I've got to go to your place to see if he's still there. I've got to see if it's... if it's what we both think it is. Where is he now? Do you know? Forsythe, Forsythe! What's wrong? What's happened? OK. But late. No. I don't think so. Meeting Rollo at Tudor's. Might take a while. C'mon, Forsythe. Are there any more on the list? Uh, OK. Sure. That's great, Forsythe, great. Thanks. Mm? OK. Be with you in a sec. It's Dr. St. Luc, Mr Spergazzi. Let me speak to the nurse, please. OK. I'll meet you back there. Don't leave until I get there. Lock the door and don't open it except for me. OK? Go back to their apartment with them and treat her for second-degree burns. It'll have to do for now. What's your number? The number of your apartment? Where is this thing that attacked your wife? What happened? Well, let's wait for the X-rays. I'm going to send you to the hospital to have a few X-rays taken. I want to find out exactly what you're hiding in there, OK? Give them this. The address is right there under Radiology. Was her name Annabelle Horsefield? Was this girl from Starliner Towers? Didn't she ever have these lumps looked at by a doctor? Mr. Parkins, what makes you think you caught these lumps of yours from a young lady? Just breathe normally. OK. It's apartment 1009, South Tower, Starliner Towers. May as well go there directly. Yeah? What do I do then? I've got a date with one of them at ten. Can you make it? Maybe Hobbes didn't know it, but Annabelle was a pretty popular girl around Starliner Towers. I've got three men here, maybe four, who're hosting large, free-moving, apparently pathogenic, abdominal growths that nobody I've tried can identify. You were next on my list. He didn't make it. I don't get it. OK, I bite. What does it look like? No? How come? Rollo! How'sa boy? I was just thinking about you. Yes? Yes? OK. I'll think about it. Who was she? You oughta be careful yourself. Might end up cutting your throat. Rollo, you know me. Once a GP, always a GP. I don't get it. It's crazy. Did I say anything? But you gave up your private practice. Suddenly you're into pure research and you... you're what, a parasitologist? Well, at least you still talk the same. You touch my spleen, Rollo. And here all the time I was thinking -- if I ever bothered to think about the good old days -- well, at least there's Rollo. He's in VD and he's happy.Yeah. This is an island, you know? Takes too long to get into the city. We gotta have everything right here or somebody complains. Yeah, that's Dr. St. Luc. He's the head of our little medical clinic here. Far as I know, yeah, that was her.Make love to me, make love to me, love, love to me... Please, Janine. Please, pleasepleaseplease, Janine Janine JanineJanineJanine... You will make love to me, won't you, Janine? Won't you make love to me? You start it. Won't you? I think I've forgotten how to start. Do you want to make love? You're absolutely beautiful, those eyes, that expression. You're absolutely the most sexy thing alive. Do you want to make love? Nope. Damned thing wriggled out of my hands. That's all. I won't be at the office except to sign in. I've got a lot of claims to check out. All over the place. Garages and more garages. I'll come home right after work. What do you want to call me at the office for?