It's as if we were glued to the spot. Janet! He might be. I don't know. He was a Science Teacher at Denton High. I was telling the truth. I told you, my car broke down. You promise you won't tell? Like this. Like how? It's your fault - you're to blame. I thought it was the real thing. Ahhh - no - stop - I mean Janet. Janet. You tricked me. I wouldn't have - I've never - never. Why you - what have you done with Janet? You! Certainly not! Made me give you the eye And then panic, I've one thing to say and that's Dammit, Janet. I love you. So please don't tell me to can it. The future is ours so let's plan it. And that's all the time that it takes For a heart to beat again. So give me a sign That a lover makes You look around The one you've found Is back again. So baby don't cry like there's no tomorrow After the night there's a brand new day. And there'll be no pain And no more sorrow. So wash your face And phone my place It'll be O.K. And that's all the time that it takes For a heart to turn to stone The sweeter the wine The harder to make the break You hear something about someone You'd thought you'd known. Janet! Oh! Yes it's alright. Janet. Everything's going to be alright. No, don't do that. It's alright Janet. Everything's going to be alright. It's alright Janet. Weiss. I'm Brad Majors and this is my fiancee, Janet Vice. It's alright Janet, we'll play along for now and pull out the aces when the time is right. We'll just say where we are Then go back to the car We don't want to be any worry. I'm here, there's nothing to worry about. They're probably foreigners with ways different from our own. - They may do some more folk dancing. Let's wait awhile Janet. We don't want to interfere with their celebrations. We can't go anywhere until I get to a phone. It's just a..a party Janet. For God's sake keep a grip on yourself Janet. Say! Do any of you guys know the Madison? Oh, it's probably some kind of hunting lodge for rich weirdos. Yes. Just a moment, Janet. They may have a telephone. There's no point both of us getting wet. Didn't we pass a castle back down the road a few miles? Maybe they have a telephone I might use. You'd better sit here and keep warm while I go for help. We must have a blow-out. Hmmm ... Well, I guess we will have to turn back. I think we took the wrong fork a few miles back. Yes, Janet. Life's pretty cheap to that type. Dammit, Janet. Oh Janet I really loved the skilful way You beat the other girls To the bride's bouquet. I've got something to say. And Ralph himself will be in line for promotion in a year or so. Everyone knows Betty's a wonderful little cook. Good God. I most certainly do. He happens to be an old friend of mine. Great scott - Scotty - Dr Everett Scott. Uh - oh - Hi! My name is Brad Majors. And this is my fiancee, Janet Weiss. I - ah - wondered if you could help us. Our car has broken down about two miles up the road. Do you have a phone we might use?Yes, well perhaps it was for the best. You're OK by me. You did right. Great Heavens, that's a laser.You are - so quake with fear, you tiny fools. Rocky! Hmmmm. He'll be in the Zen Room. And now he works for your Government, doesn't he, Brad? He's attached to the Bureau of Investigation of that which you call U.F.O's. Isn't he, Brad? I know what you told me, Brad. But this Dr Everett Scott. His name is not unknown to me. I see. So this wasn't simply a chance meeting. You came here with a purpose. On my mother's grave. Oh come on, Brad, admit it. It was enjoyable, wasn't it? There's no crime in giving yourself over to pleasure. Shush. Janet's probably asleep by now. Do you want her to see you like this? I know, but it wasn't all bad was it? I think you found it quite pleasurable. Oh so soft. So sensual. Nothing. Why do you think I should? I'm afraid so, Brad. But wasn't it nice? Oh well. How about you. Do you have any tattoos Brad. What guy What a guy Cross my heart and hope to die. Well, I'm sure you're not spent yet. Ssssh. Brad's probably asleep by now. Do you want him to see you like this? I know. But it wasn't all bad was it? In fact, I think you found it quite pleasurable. Mmmmm so soft, so sensual. Nothing. Why, do you think I should? I didn't make him for you Cards for sorrow, Cards for pain. Free to try and find a game Like I'm outside in the rain Smile and that will mean I may Want to come again and stay Was all I had to say On the day I went away. So come up to the Lab. From Transexual Transylvania.Yes. You know this earth - this person. You're wet. Hello. You must leave now Dr Scott while it's still possible. We are about to beam the entire house back to the planet of transexual in the galaxy of Transylvania. Go now. Dr Scott I'm sorry about your nephew. A decision had to be made. Yes, Dr Scott. A laser capable of emitting a beam of pure anti-matter. The delivery boy. The Master is not yet married. Nor do I think he ever will be. We are simply his servants. No. You've arrived on a rather special night. It's one of the master's affairs. I think you had better both come inside. But it's the pelvic thrust that really drives you insane. Our noble mission is almost completed my most beautiful sister, soon we will return to the moon-drenched shores of our "androgenous" planet. They didn't like me. They never liked me. Creature of the night.No no no no. No no no no. No no no no. Oh no no no no. No no no, no no. Oh, no no, no no. My high is low. I'm dressed up With no place to go. And left from my dreaming Was a feeling Of un-nameable dread.