Is your mother not afraid on account of the highwayman to let one so young as you travel? Where are you bound for? Good day to you, young sir.Ten, sir, and make them short ones, do you hear, Captain Grogan? I'm not afraid of highwaymen. My man is armed, and so am I. And, I'll tell you what, Mr. Dugan, I've been insulted grossly in this house. I ain't at all satisfied with these here ways of going on. I'm an Englishman, I am, and a man of property; and I -- I -- I never was more in earnest. It's not the English way, for ladies to have two lovers, and, so, Mr. Dugan, I'll thank you to pay me the sum you owe me, and I resign all claims to this young lady. If she has a fancy for school-boys, let her take 'em, sir. I'll tell you what it is, Mr. Dugan. I have had enough of Miss Dugan here and your Irish ways. I ain't used to 'em, sir.Oh! That will be sent after him. I have a fancy to look into that red box which contains his papers, you say; and at noon, after parade, shall be at the inn. You will not say a word to any one there regarding the affair, and will wait for me at the Chevalier's rooms until my arrival. We must force that box. You are a clumsy hound, or you would have got the key long ago. You say he drives after breakfast and before dinner. When he comes out to his carriage a couple of gendarmes will mount the box, and the coachman will get his orders to move on. Has he sent the challenge yet? What are the Chevalier's intentions? I had thought you more expert. You must find out if the Chevalier cheats. He sees the English and Austrian envoys continually, and the young men of either ministry sup repeatedly at his house. Find out what they talk of, for how much each plays, especially if any of them play on parole. If you are able to, read his private letters, though about those which go to the post, you need not trouble yourself -- we look at them there. But never see him write a note without finding out to whom it goes, and by what channel or messenger. He sleeps with the keys of his dispatch-box with a string around his neck -- twenty frederics, if you get an impression of the keys. You are a Hungarian; you served in the army, and left on account of weakness in the loins. He gambles a great deal, and wins. Do you know the cards well? There is lately come to Berlin a gentleman in the service of the Empress Queen, who calls himself the Chevalier de Belle Fast, and wears the red riband and star of the pope's order of the Spur. He is made for good society, polished, obliging, a libertine, without prejudices, fond of women, of good food, of high play, prudent and discreet. Your loyalty to me and your service to the regiment has pleased me very well -- and now there is another occasion on which you may make yourself useful to us; if you succeed, depend on it, your reward will be your discharge from the army, and a bounty of 100 guineas. Good morning, Private James. Please come in. I should like you to meet my uncle, Herr Minister of Police Galgenstein. It's a lie! You're a deserter! You're an impostor, sir; Your lies and folly have confirmed this to me. You pretend to carry dispatches to a general who has been dead these ten months; you have an uncle who is an ambassador and whose name you don't know. Will you join and take the bounty, sir, or will you be given up? I have acted as I think fit. It was my joke. I was tired, and did not care to go farther. There's not prettier woman here than that. If she won't suit your fancy, my friend, then you must wait awhile. The people are great farmers, as well as inn-keepers. Ah! You sly rogue, I see that will influence you. Do you want to see the loveliest woman in Europe? This is a very good inn. Shall we stop for dinner? Oh, yes, of course, Ambassador O'Grady... What is your uncle's name?He has paid off your uncle's mortgage. He gave Dorothy a coach- and-six. That coward of a fellow has been making of your uncle's family. Faith, the business was well done. Your cousins, Michael and Harry, never let him out of their sight, though he was for deserting to England, until the marriage was completed, and the happy couple off on their road to Dublin. Are you in want of cash, my boy? You may draw upon me, for I got a couple of hundred out of Master Best for my share and, while they last, you shall never want. No, the very same one, my boy. He recovered from his wound. The ball you hit him with was not likely to hurt him. It was only made of tow. Do you think the Dugans would let you kill fifteen hundred a-year out of the family? The plan of the duel was all arranged in order to get you out of the way, for the cowardly Englishman could never be brought to marry from fear of you. But hit him you certainly did, Roderick, and with a fine thick plugget of tow, and the fellow was so frightened that he was an hour in coming to. We told your mother the story afterwards, and a pretty scene she made. She took on so at your going away that she was obliged to console herself with a husband. She is now Mrs. John Best. There's only six Miss Dugans now... poor Dorothy. I see you are thinking of a certain young lady at Duganstown. We must write to her today, and you can tell her that you are safe and married to "Brown Bess." I had news of you in Dublin. Faith, you've begun early, like your father's son, but I think you could not do better than as you have done. But why did you not write home to your poor mother? She has sent half-a-dozen letters to you in Dublin. Look here, Roderick, my boy; this is silly business. The girl will marry Best, mark my words; and as sure as she does, you'll forget her. You are but a boy. Best is willing to consider you as such. Dublin's a fine place, and if you have a mind to take a ride thither and see the town for a month, here are twenty guineas at your service. Make Best an apology, and be off. It must have been some other gate. But swords are today impossible; Captain Best is -- is lame. He knocked his knee against the swinging park gate last night, as he was riding home, and can scarce move it now. Oh, it's with pistols we fight. You are no match for Best with the sword. And now you risk the same fate. If you are killed, your mother is all alone in the world. That's a very handsome sword you have there. Your cousins go out with him. The meeting is arranged. Captain Best is waiting for you now. In faith, I believe you are not; for a lad I never saw more game in my life. Give me a kiss, my dear boy. You're after my own soul. As long as Jack Grogan lives, you shall never want a friend or a second. Well, if it must be, it must. For a young fellow, you are the most bloodthirsty I ever saw. No officer, bearing His Majesty's commission, can receive a glass of wine on his nose, without resenting it -- fight you must, and Best is a huge, strong fellow. And this is the return you make for his kindness! Didn't he harbor you in his house when your father died, and hasn't he given you and your mother, rent-free, your fine house of Jamesville yonder? A pretty day's work of it you have made, Master Roderick. Knowing your uncle to be distressed for money, and try and break off a match which will bring fifteen hundred a-year into the family? Best has promised to pay off the four thousand pounds which is bothering your uncle so. He takes a girl without a penny -- a girl that has been flinging herself at the head of every man in these parts these ten years past, and missing them all, and a boy who ought to be attached to your uncle as to your father. Faith, I think you are a lad that's likely to keep your word. This is a pretty way to recommend yourself to the family.Tut, tut! I can play at fencing as well as you, Mr. Roderick James. Ah! You change color, do you? Your secret is known, is it? You come like a viper into the bosom of innocent families; you represent yourself as the heir to my friends the O'Higgins of Castle O'Higgins; I introduce you to the nobility and gentry of this methropolis; I take you to my tradesmen, who give you credit. I accept your note for near two hundred pounds, and what do I find? A fraud. You're an impostor, young man, a schemer, a deceiver! Whom have I been harboring in my house? Who are you, sirrah? I have heard of them. Oh, I am thinking of the O'Higgins of Redmondstown. General O'Higgins was a close friend of my wife's dear father, Colonel Granby Somerset. Mr. O'Higgins, we are in your debt, and rest assured, sir, you have friends in this house whenever you are in Dublin. Mister O'Higgins, I wonder if I know your good father? Mr. O'Higgins, I cannot say how grateful I am for your timely assistance to my wife.Your Grace, if I am so tame as to take this, then I must give up an honorable and lucrative occupation. Your Grace owes me seventy thousand frederics, which I have honorably won. I deny your Grace's accusations, and beg you to say how you have been cheated? I have no luggage. All Europe shall hear of this! Ten thousand? But the scoundrel owes me seventy thousand. It is shameful -- infamous! I insist upon being put down at the Austrian ambassador's house. Good gracious! What is this? Where is my rascal, Lazlo? Certain? To risk one's life against such people is an imposition. Sir, we have but eighty thousand florins in bank, or two hundred thousand at three months; if your highness' bags do not contain more than eight thousand, we will meet you. Gentlemen, I wish you a good day. Will you please go to the house from whence we set out this morning, and tell my man there to send my baggage on to Three Kings at Dresden? Make your mind easy, you shall not be left behind, I warrant you. Do take a last look at your barracks, make your mind easy, say a farewell to your friends in Berlin. The dear souls, how they will weep when they hear you are out of the country, and, out of it, you shall go. I have faced that problem before. Have no fear. It will come out well for me. We will practice in the mornings, my boy, and I'll put you up to a thing or two worth knowing. The cards are now my only livelihood. Sometimes I am in luck, and then I lay out my money in these trinkets you see. It's property, look you, and the only way I have found of keeping a little about me. When the luck goes against me, why, my dear, my diamonds go to the pawnbrokers and I wear paste. Do you understand the cards? I'd give five years of my life to see the old country again, the greenfields, and the river, and the old round tower, and the burying place. Who else can give me information about you? For whom else have you worked? You come highly recommended by Herr Seebach. Your name is Lazlo Zilagyi? You are the young man who M. de Seebach recommended?Take to your legs, low Irish dog. Very well; but a man who yields takes to his legs. Then you yield to me. Perfectly so; and what is more, I will tell you that I love her, and that I am not of a humor to put up with rivals. I entered here, monsieur, at a bad moment for you; it seems that you love this lady.Don't bully, Mr. Best. Here are the pistols. God bless you, my boy; and when I count three, fire. There's nothing else for it. Take your ground, Grogan -- twelve paces, I suppose? You know the use of arms very well, Best, and no one can doubt your courage; but Michael and I will see you home for all that. Both of us ride home with Best here. If you're insulted, and not satisfied, remember there's two of us, Best.Last month, the Duke of Suffolk spent no more. All the same, you must name an amount. As much as possible? I am at your service, Mr. Cosgrove. How much do you wish to spend?Well, Mr. Cosgrove, I'll answer you point by point. The King is exceedingly averse to make peers, as you know. Your claim, as you call them, have been laid before him, and His Majesty's gracious reply was, that you were the most impudent man in his dominions, and merited a halter, rather than a coronet. As for withdrawing your support from us, you are perfectly welcome to carry yourself whithersoever you please. And, now, as I have a great deal of occupation, perhaps you will do me the favor to retire, or tell me if there is anything else in the world in which I can oblige you. Have you done, Mr. Cosgrove? Well, sir, this nobleman is one of the gentlemen of His Majesty's closet, and one with whom our revered monarch is on terms of considerable intimacy. I should say you would be wise to fix upon this nobleman your chief reliance for the advancement of your claim to the Viscounty which you propose to get. Do you happen to know Gustavus Adolphus, the thirteenth Earl of Crabs?Pooh! Pooh! Best, you are joking. Well, well! What is it? We'll make you used to our ways, or adopt English ones. Hoity-toity! John Best, what's the matter here?Then this must be done tomorrow. The King has determined to send the Chevalier out of the country. A meeting with the Prince of Turbingen is impossible. Hmm-mmmm. Was he cheated? Does this assignment interest you?Brooksy was better than you, papa, he used not to swear so, and he taught me many good things while you were away. Is he all right, papa? Yes, papa. One of the boys in the stable told Nelly that you've already bought my horse, and that it's at Doolan's farm, where Mick the groom is breaking it in. Is that true, papa? Papa? Good night, papa. But I will have it on my birthday, won't I? Did you buy the horse, papa?I have said all there is to be said. I am at your disposal for whatever purposes you wish. Good night. Chevalier, if you will have your money now, you must fight for it. If you will be patient, maybe I will pay you something another time. I don't know. Chevalier, though I cannot say how, I believe you have cheated me.Not at all, sir. I have a pair of good pistols that have already done execution, and are ready to do it again. That is none of your business. Good morning. And his baggage? Not yet, but I believe he intends to. I am not sure. The Prince told him quite clearly that if he wished to have the money, he would have to fight for it. Only a very little, as soldiers do. What is the service, sir? The captain was the nephew and heir of the Minister of Police, Herr Galgenstein, a relationship which, no doubt, aided in the younger gentlemen's promotion. How do you do, sir? Neither! Sir, I'm a British officer. Upon my word, sir, I think you have acted very coolly. Where's the beauty you promised me? The place seems more a farm than an inn-yard. This may be a very good inn for Germany, but it would not pass in old Ireland. Corbach is only a league off, let us push on for Corbach. O'Grady. My companion treated me with great civility, and asked me a thousand questions about England, which I answered as best I might. But this best, I am bound to say, was bad enough. I knew nothing about England, and I invented a thousand stories which I told him; described the king and the ministers to him, said the British ambassador in Berlin was my uncle, and promised my acquaintance a letter of recommendation to him. The coward! Mrs. John Best! Was there another Mr. John Best?! Good heavens! Whatever? Has she died of grief? Is Miss Dugan well? I suppose she addressed them to me in my real name, by which I never thought to ask for them at the post office. Grogan gave me a wink of recognition, but offered no public token of acquaintance and it was not until two days afterwards that he called me into his quarters, and then, shaking hands with me cordially, gave me news which I wanted, of my family. A man of honor dies, but never apologizes. I'll see the captain hanged before I apologize. Not against Castle Dugan gate, that has been off the hinges these ten years. I'll match any man with the sword. I hope to spoil this sport, and trust to see this sword of mine in that big bully's body. I am Harry James' son, and will act as becomes my name and quality. It was with this sword that my late father, Harry James, God rest his soul, met Sir Huddelstone Fuddelstone, the Hampshire baronet, and was fatally run through the neck. He was quite in the wrong, having insulted Lady Fuddelstone, when in liquor, at the Brentford Assembly. But, like a gentleman, he scorned to apologize. My mare is saddled and ready; who's the captain's second? Have you taken my message to him? He'll give the better mark. I am not afraid of him. Mark this, come what will of it, I swear I will fight the man who pretends to the hand of Dorothy Dugan. I'll follow him if it's into the church, and meet him there. I'll have his blood, or he shall have mine. Will you take my message to him, and arrange the meeting? And so I am. Dorothy might love me or not, as she likes, but Best will have to fight me before he marries her! The man that marries Dorothy Dugan must first kill me -- do you mind that? Repeat the words again, and I run you through the body. Sirrah! Sirrah, I am as good a gentleman as any in Ireland! Ah -- I see. No, I'm afraid mine are the O'Higgins of Watertown. Which O'Higgins do you know? For I have never heard your name mentioned in my family. I am only sorry that I was unable to prevent the villain from carrying off all her ladyship's money and pearls. Perfectly certain, because I shall make him tremble. I risk nothing, for I am certain to kill him. It is distasteful to kill a scoundrel -- that should be work for a hangman. When the Duke of Courland brought fourteen lackeys each with bags of florins, and challenged our bank to play against the sealed bags, what did we ask? Then ordering fresh horses, the Chevalier set off on his journey for that capital. I need not tell you that I was the Chevalier. But how, sir? But, if they send you away, then what is to become of me? I believe they will deport you. But they will prevent a meeting at whatever the cost. I can play as soldiers do, but have no great skill. And I think he was as much affected as I was at thus finding one of his kindred; for he, too, was an exile from home, and a friendly voice, a look, brought the old country back to his memory again, and the old days of his boyhood. Only the agency of servants. No one, sir. Before that I served in the army but had to leave due to weakness of the loins. Herr Seebach was a very kind employer. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Here is my letter. That is a trifle strong. On the instant. Everyone must yield to such a nobleman as you. Very well! Now that I know it, I will no longer love her. Certainly, monseigneur, does not Your Excellency consider her worthy of love? Lady Cosgrove, you are an old fool. My Lady Cosgrove's relationship with me was a singular one. Her life was passed in a series of crack-brained sort of alternation between love and hatred for me. We would quarrel for a fortnight, then we should be friends for a month together sometimes. One day, I was joking her, and asking her whether she would take the water again, whether she had found another lover, and so forth. She suddenly burst out into tears, and, after a while, said to me: We then spent an hour in the most eloquent silence except that, from time to time, her ladyship cried out: "Oh, my God. Is it true -- I am not dreaming?" Let me give a thousand kisses to that heavenly mouth which has told me that I am happy. O, my dearest love. Enough! I beg you. Stop believing in your experience. You have never known love. My very soul is leaving me! Catch it on your lips, and give me yours! Sir William Cosgrove is a man who is dying, and yet I envy him more than any man in Christendom. He enjoys a privilege of which I am deprived. He may take you in his arms whenever he pleases, and no veil keeps his senses, his eyes, his soul from enjoying your beauty. Let us give each other complete happiness, and let us be sure that as many times as we satisfy our desires, they will each time be born anew. I know better than you do. Love wants a more substantial fare, and if it is stubbornly withheld, it withers away. Will we always leave it at this? I ask only a payment on account today -- after that, you will find me undemanding, obedient and discreet. Yes -- but I am afraid of being deceived. Then I will respectfully take leave of her. With a woman who is completely charming, be she a princess or a woman of the lowest condition, and who, regardless of her rank, will show me some kindness, tonight. Deceiving someone without knowing it is something new for me. If I do not know it, I am innocent. To love you until death. To subscribe to all your commands. It is my only object. By loving you, with no hope of possessing you. I believe you, and I see I must hasten to leave, for otherwise I shall become the unhappiest of men. I agree; but God put us on earth to take that risk. That is true, but it seems to me impossible that you should be unhappy in love. It is nonetheless a misfortune, and you will know it when you love. Then you have never loved? Your heart is empty. What! You have not met a man worthy of your attention? Have you not a man whom you value? How can I believe that there is not a man who has inspired desires in you? But, for a time... a passing fancy? Have you had one? Indeed, Miss Dorothy, I intend to have his blood as sure as my name's Roderick. Well, then, I'll tell you what I'd do. I'd jump Daisy into the river, and swim you both across, where no enemy could follow us. I'd draw my sword, and cut my way through them. If ever I meet him again, you shall see which is the best man of the two. I'll fight him with sword or with pistol, captain as he is. But you refused me, Dorothy. Were you obliged to dance five times with Captain Best, and then stroll out with him into the garden? I hate Miss Clancy, you know I do! And I only danced with her because -- because -- the person with whom I intended to dance chose to be engaged the whole night. With pleasure at finding the ribbon. I feel the ribbon. Do you see the gate at the end of the field? The first to touch it will be the winner. I accept, but I insist on a wager. The loser must do whatever the winner pleases. All right, five hundred guineas. It is entirely up to you. I want the best. Yes, for I wish to entertain splendidly. As much as possible. Yes! By name only. And, to be sure, I did know someone who knew precisely how these things were done, and this was the distinguished solicitor and former Government Minister, Lord West, whose acquaintance I made, as I had so many others, at the gaming table. What is to be done? When is he to go? The Prince left him only that choice. In so far as I can tell these things -- no. I believe the Chevalier won the money fairly. Yes, Minister, I am interested in any work in which I can be of service to Captain Galgenstein. How different was her lively rattle to the vulgar wenches at Kilwangan assemblies. In every sentence, she mentioned a lord or a person of quality. To the lady's question about my birth and parentage, I replied that I was a young gentleman of large fortune, that I was going to Dublin for my studies, and that my mother allowed me five hundred per annum. As you have been robbed of your purse, may I have permission to lend your ladyship a couple of pieces to pay any expenses which you might incur before reaching your home? O'Higgins... Mohawk O'Higgins. I am riding to Dublin myself, and if your ladyship will allow me the honor of riding with you, I shall do my best to protect you from further mishap. Be off to your work, you pack of rascals, or you will have a good taste of my thong. Have you lost much? What has happened, madam, to annoy your ladyship? I see. Yes, of course. Provided that they can be assured of her ladyship's freewill? Are you serious? I am prepared to accept the terms, Mr. Newcombe. Mr. Newcombe, I have made some difficult loans during the past few years, at very onerous terms, but 18% a year interest seems very stiff indeed. Yes, he's fine. Your bother is in America fighting the rebels. I promise your lordship a good flogging if you even so much as go to Doolan's farm to see him. What the devil? What kind of fools do we have here? Pottle, who told the lad this story? Yes? Good night, my little darling. Well, we'll just have to wait and see, won't we? Now, just have a little patience, my boy. Your birthday isn't until next week. Sir, let those laugh that win. I hope that you are not thinking of leaving us soon, knight? Well, if my intentions are what you think they are -- if I do wish to step into your shoes, what then? I have no other intentions than you had yourself. Lady Cosgrove's wealth may be great, but am I not of a generous nature enough to use it worthily? Her rank is lofty, but not so lofty as my ambition. I will be sworn to muster just as much regard for my Lady Cosgrove as you ever showed her; and if I win her, and wear her when you are dead and gone, corbleu, knight, do you think that it will be the fear of your ghost will deter me? Faith, sir, if I want to learn good principles, it's surely better I should apply for them to your lady, and your chaplin than to you? I think, Sir William Cosgrove, you have had too much drink. Your chaplin, Mr. Hunt, has introduced me into the company of your lady to advise me on a religious matter, of which she is a considerable expert. I beg your pardon? Sir William Cosgrove, with his complication of ills, was dying before us by inches. He was continually tinkered up by doctors, and, what with my usual luck, he might be restored to health and live I don't know how many years. If Cosgrove would not die, where was the use of my pursing his lady? But my fears were to prove groundless, for on that very night, patient nature would claim her account. The milkmaid's daughter? Would you have me spend my life all alone? I made Sir William Cosgrove's acquaintance as usual at the play- table. One could not but admire the spirit and gallantry with which he pursued his favorite pastime; for, though worn out with gout and a myriad of diseases, a cripple wheeled about in a chair, and suffering pangs of agony, yet you would see him every morning, and every evening at his post behind the delightful green cloth. Tender Hegenheim. Will he wish to know the details of this night? If his love were like mine, he would not permit you to come here. And he doesn't care about me? Do you expect me to believe that your lover brought you here tonight? Dark Valdez. Black-eyed Sczortarska. Charming Schuvaloff.I am sorry for you Mr. James. I'm grieved to keep you or any gentleman waiting. Had you not better to arrange with my doctor or get the cook to flavor my omelette with arsenic? What are the odds, gentlemen, that I don't live to see Mr. James hang yet? Not so soon, my dear, as you may fancy perhaps. Why, man, I have been given over many times these four years, and there was always a candidate or two waiting to apply for the situation. Who knows how long I may keep you waiting. Is it not a pleasure, gentlemen, for me, as I am drawing near the goal, to find my home such a happy one; my wife so fond of me, that she is even now thinking of appointing a successor? Isn't it a comfort to see her; like a prudent housewife, getting everything ready for her husband's departure? He wants to step into my shoes! He wants to step into my shoes! Gentlemen, see this amiable youth! He has been troubled by religious scruples, and has flown for refuge to my chaplin, Mr. Hunt, who has asked for advise from my wife, Lady Cosgrove, and between them both, they are confirming my ingenious young friend in his faith. Did you ever hear of such doctors and such a disciple? Come, come, sir. I am a man who would rather be known as a cuckold than a fool. Good evening, Mr. James, have you done with my lady? Well, why not a milkmaid's daughter? No man of sense need restrict himself or deny himself a single amusement for his wife's sake; on the contrary, if he selects the animal properly, he will choose such a one as shall be no bar to his pleasure, but a comfort in his hours of annoyance. For instance, I have got the gout; who tends me? A hired valet who robs me whenever he has the power. My wife never comes near me. What friend have I? None in the wide world. Men of the world, as you and I are, don't make friends, and we are fools for our pains. In truth, sir, yes, but, if you must marry, then marry a virtuous drudge. Indeed, you are right, sir. Look at me. Marriage has added forty years to my life. I am dying, a worn-out cripple, at the age of fifty. When I took off Lady Cosgrove, there was no man of my years who looked so young as myself. Fool that I was! I had enough with my pensions, perfect freedom, the best society in Europe -- and I gave up all these, and married and was miserable. Take a warning from me, Mr. Roderick, and stick to the trumps. Do anything, but marry. Hang it, Mr. Roderick James, you have no more manners than a barber, and I think my black footman has been better educated than you; but you are a young fellow of originality and pluck, and I like you, sir. because you seem determined to go to the devil by a way of your own.He will believe that it will please me if he asks about it, and I shall tell him everything except some circumstances which might humiliate him. He loves me, as I love you. He is only curious to know who you are. Yes. He brought me in his carriage, and he will call for me at midnight.Here -- Take him home. Just a favor for your old man. Do me this favor just once. Use the ponds. You're not going to the ocean with that, are you son? I want him out of the ocean. Son! -- Out of the water now! On the swing? I told you not to play near there until I sanded it down. See what your son did? He's taken him! He's chasing us! I don't believe it. He's trying to sink us! Have you ever had one do this? What about us? Did you get him in the head? Yeah, Captain, as soon as I make a call. That's it! Radio in for help! Where...? What's that one, there? C'mon. Middle appendix -- Let's call in -- we can radio and have a big boat here in an hour... Why don't we go in? Get another crack at him tomorrow. What do we do? Get some help? Radio in? How -- if they're gonna keep on breaking? What's the point with hooks and Lines? -- The wire's showing! You got it? Why are we way out here, when the shark's back there? Who's driving the boat? You got it. It's my charter. My party. Hey. Knock it off. I don't want to have to listen to this while we're out there... He's from the Oceanographic Institute. This is Matt Hooper... Two cases. And dinner when you land. You got it. You got it. You got it. I'm authorized by the township of Amity to hire you as an independent contractor. We'll meet your price. $10,000. What? Tell 'em I went fishin'! Yo-ho-ho and a bottle of rum. Nothing to worry about -- I'll survive this. Colorful, isn't he? No. Home here. I am Chief of Police. I can do anything I want. You want to come? Why don't we have one more drink, you and I, and then we go down and cut open that old shark and see for sure what's inside him, or not. You too, sweetheart... How come you have to tell them that? I told him not to go out until he memorized the handbook and the safety safety regulations, until he was sure of himself... Michael! Come inside! Where is he? Love a cup of tea. With lemon. Ow. He's gotta be more careful in the water... Love ya. Here? You gotta be kiddin'. I don't want to depend on these things, y'know -� sometimes you can weaken your eyes. Sexy, hm? What was I before? Oh, yeah. How do I look? Older, huh? I used to wear this to the Garden. Garbage strikes. Dog shit. Muggers. Ship it. Feed the dogs. Did you burn another kettle? Y'know you're a fire hazard? This is the third one! Give me 30 years, I'll get it. The kids are in the yahd, playing near the cah. How's that sound? Probably out in the back yard. Right. How come the sun didn't used to shine in here? Just sign it, Larry. The best interest in this town would be to see that fish belly-up in the water with a hole in his head. You do the right thing. You authorize me. Right there. Whatever it costs. Forget it. This summer's had it. Next summer's had it. You're the mayor of Shark City. You wanted to keep the beaches open. What happens when the town finds out about that? I'm going to hire Quint to kill the fish. I want to see that shark dead. There's only one thing you're good for anymore -- signing a damn voucher. Here. It's an authorization to employ a contractor. Got a pen on you? Larry, we can re-open the beaches in August. We have got to close the beaches. We have got to get someone to kill the shark, we need non-corrosive mesh netting, we need scientific support... It's gonna cost money just to keep the nuts out and save what we have. He lost it on the way up. I'm going home. She's right. Why not, Larry? We could get a positive confirmation that way. Matt Hooper, the specialist they send down from the Oceanographic Institute. Sure he is. Larry, if you'd see these clowns leave, you'd never believe they'd come back with anything. But they got him! I didn't agree to that! I'll get to that in a minute. First, I plan to start our seasonal summer help early, and to use shark spotters on beaches open to the sea. I'd like cooperation from local fishermen, and I've also contacted the Oceanographic Institute over on the mainland. I can't work in a vacuum. Why don't you make Hendricks Chief? His family's been here since the Puritans -- half this island are his cousins. I was only reacting to what I was told. So we should set out a smorgasbord? Now tell me something I don't know. Do I need any more authority? Y'know, I used to hate the water... Think the tide's with us? What day is this? No... You think we can get back with those? I can't stand here doing nothing! What the hell? What's that, a ship? This has got to be one big violation... I wish it would rain... Wait a minute! I need you. That means closing the beaches. We towed Ben Gardner's boat in, Larry; he was dead and his boat was all chewed up. A 4th of July beach is like ringing a dinner bell, for Chrissake! There's no limits to where he can strike, and we've had three attacks and two deaths in the past few days. It happened like this before, in 1916, when a Great White killed five swimmers at Jones Beach, in Long Island. There is a kind of shark called a Great White Shark that every expert in the world agrees is a maneater. No shark did that to a boat! You all right? Be careful, for chrissake. Why don't we just tow it in? Don't they have lifejackets or something? An extra boat? What happened? We gotta get back soon... You're at the Institute full time? Or do you have a job? Where'd you get all this? Can you tell from that if a big man- eater is around? What is all this stuff? Chum? What do we do? He ate a car? How can you tell? What? What?! What's that? What stinks so bad? And before 1900, when people first starting swimming for recreation, before public bathing and resorts, there were very few shark attacks, cause sharks didn't know what they were missing? Yeah. Rogue. Picks out an area where there's food and hangs out there as long as the food supply lasts? There's a kind of a lone shark, called, uh... Something else. Do most attacks go unreported? Drowning. Lemme ask you something. Is it true most attacks take place in three feet of water, around 10 feet from the beach? Let's all have a drink. Swell. What d'ya mean? You did it! Did Ben Gardner catch this? No, we just checked the beach... No, it was local jurisdiction. Who are you? You're tellin' me. I swear, this town has gone crazy. Pretty stiff. What d'you pay for a place just for the summer? You here for the summer? You from around here? Think she might've run out on you? And nobody else saw her in the water? You picked her up on the ferry. Christine what? Looks more like the readers of the National Enquirer. That wasn't funny. Get out of there � take these back to the office and make up some 'Beach Closed' signs, and let Polly do the printing. Where'd you hide the 'Beach Closed' signs? I'd like to tell you what we're doing so far. These are some of the steps I've taken as Chief of Police... I'm responsible for public safety around here... Look, I've got to talk to her. This isn't a contest we want the whole country entering. Doctor, you're the one who told me what it was! What else could've done that?Let him do it! Go-go-go-go-go! Look at him take it! Twenty years. Set? Screw lamb -- let's shoot the sirloin! It's only two-thirty. What, are you tired?Well... is everything all right? I just wanted to know if you were all right... the Coast Guard let me use their radio. Is Chief Brody there? ...push this? Oh. It's working. Hello, Martin?Mrs. Kintner must've put her ad in Field and Stream. ...So then Denherder and Charlie sat there trying to catch their breath, and figuring out how to explain to Charlie's wife what happened to her freezer full of meat. What's the matter with my printing? Polly told me to tell you there's a scout troop in Avril Bay doing the mile swim for their Merit Badges. I couldn't call them in, there's no phone out there. We never had any. What's the problem? I've got all these signs here... I just found out about it -- but there's a bunch of Boy Scouts in the water a coupla miles down the coast from where we found the girl. Avril Bay, thereabouts. Chief went to dry them off. We had a shark attack at South Chop this morning, Mayor. Fatal. Gotta batten down the beach.I can't imagine why. Just keep kicking. Wednesday... No, it's Tuesday, I think. Quint...? Don't shoot him any more! He's crazy on his own blood already! It's a whale out there. You were on the Indianapolis? In '45? Jesus... This is quite a place. I hope we get some more help. Out there is a Perfect Engine, an Eating Machine that is a miracle of evolution -- it swims and eats and that's all. Look at that! Those proportions are correct. I know sharks. I'm familiar with the fact that you are going to ignore this thing until it swims up and bites you on the ass! There are only two ways to solve this thing: you can kill it, or you can cut off its food supply... I just pulled a shark tooth the size of a shot glass out of the hull of a wrecked boat out there. A shark's attack is stimulated by the kind of splashing and activity that occurs whenever humans go swimming -- you can't avoid it! You're situation here suggests that a Great White has staked out a claim in the waters around Amity Island, and that he will continue to feed here as long as there is food in the water. A White! A Great White, I found a tooth buried in the hull. He must've attacked... I knew it... Gardner's dead in there. I didn't see the mate... We will. There's something I've got to find out. He didn't have a dinghy aboard. I'm going down to take a look at his hull. They must've hit something. I want to check something. Hold my feet. It is a job. I'm not fooling around like some amateur. It's my life! I Bought it. Both sets of grandparents set up trust funds for me; stocks went up, so I don't have to touch my principal. Sometimes. Look here -- something big, probably a school of mackerel clumped together. And staying right with us. Depth-finder, fathometer, sonar, closed-circuit TV -- fore and aft -- RDF, single side band... And two loose nuts behind the wheel. Only one sure way to find him -- offer him a little something to eat. Chum -- blood, waste meat, fish, anything. They can sense it miles away. If he's out there, we might be able to get a closer look at him. It's a good time, too. They're night feeders... If you're looking for a shark, you don't look on land. You go out and chum for him. ...Nothing. No, but Tiger sharks are the garbage cans of the ocean. They eat anything. But this one didn't eat any people. There's nothing here... Florida license plate. Just as I thought. He drifted up here with the Gulf Stream, from southern waters. Half a flounder. Hmmm... a burlap bag... a paint can... aha! Our friend, the shark. ...And it was Dartmouth Winter weekend, and she was Homecoming Queen, and I was her date; then she got into the fact that her family had more money than my family, and she was right -- her great-grandfather was in mining, and my ancestors were Yankee shipbuilders. So we broke up and I went home with some beatnik from Sarah Lawrence. You could say that. It's called Territoriality. It's a theory. Rogue? About half of them. A lot of 'missing swimmers' are really shark victims. Yeah. Like the kid on your beach. I wish I could've examined that shark they caught... We ought to let it breathe... Whatever. Dynamite! How was your day...? There are hundreds of different kinds of sharks; makos, blues, hammerheads, white-tips... any one of them could've attacked. Look -- shark digestion is slow. We could open this one up, and find whatever he's been eating is still inside. I didn't say this wasn't the shark, I just said I wasn't sure this was the one... Well, if one man can catch a fish in 50 days, then I guess 50 of these bozos can catch a fish in one day -- beginner's luck. It wasn't an 'accident,' it wasn't a boat propeller, or a coral reef, or Jack the Ripper. It was a shark. It was a shark. Left arm, head, shoulders, sternum and portions of ribcage intact. Please don't smoke. With minor post- mortem lacerations and abrasions. Bite marks indicate typical non-frenzy feeding pattern of large squali, possibly carchaninus lonimanus, or isurus glaucas. Gross tissue loss and post-mortem erosion of bite surfaces prevent detailed analysis; however, teeth and jaws of the attacking squali must be considered above average for these waters. -- Did you go out in a boat and look around? ...height and weight may only be estimated from partial remains. Torso severed in mid-thorax, eviscerated with no major organs remaining. May I have a drink of water? Right arm severed above the elbow with massive tissue loss from upper musculature. Portions of denuded bone remaining. -- did you notify the coast guard? Hooper, Matt Hooper. From the Oceanographic Institute. Officer, I wonder if you could tell me where I could find Chief Brody? There's a fantail launch out there that won't make it beyond the breakwater. Yep. Better than Cousteau, or Compagno with computers, telemetry, Defense Department funding... Is it! The best-funded research expedition to ever study the shark... around the world in 18 months. Going out on the 'Aurora.' Here's to your husband, the only other rational man on the island. Day after tomorrow, I'll be gone, and he'll be the only one. I do. But you've still got a problem here, there's a shark just off the island somewhere. I wouldn't put it that way. But I love sharks. Is anyone having this...? Hi. I'm Matt Hooper. If your husband is here, I'd like to talk to him. Power head with 20 ccs of strychnine nitrate. If I can hit him. I can kill him. But I gotta be close. Very close. He's under! He's heading under -- ! Coming right to us! The shaft is giving. Don't tell me -- 'Death Before Dishonor.' 'Mother.' 'Semper Fi.' Uhhh... 'Don't Tread on Me.' C'mon -- what? I think I can top that, Mister... I'll drink to your leg. Bull shark scraped me while I was taking samples... Ever see one like this? Moray Eel. Bit right through a wet suit. 20 feet, if it's an inch... What do you see? I'm okay... I don't know what it is, but it's not a shark. Let it go, don't waste your time. Aye, Aye SIR. Stand by to repel boarders. Poop the mainsail. Argh, Jim Boy. That's pilot whale, isn't it? Watch it! Compressed air -- you screw around with one of those and Boom! Careful, huh? Nothing. Nothing, nothing, nothing. What's that supposed to prove? Anti-Shark cage. I'll see ya. Tell Dorothy hello. Look, I don't need to hear any of this working class hero crap. Some party boat skipper who's killed a few sharks... I don't need to pass basic seamanship. And I'm not talking about hooking some poor dogfish or sand shark. I'm talking about a Great White. -- and an America's Cup Trials... I've been to sea since I was 12. I've crewed three Trans-pacs -- That's it! I'm standing here arguing with a guy who can't wait to be a hot lunch. Goodbye. Carcaradon carcharias. A Great White. I don't have it. Look, maybe this is the wrong time to pursue this, but I'm not sure... Let's just cut him open and see what's inside...What's going on with the beaches, Chief? I agree. If she's going to advertise, I wouldn't recommend out-of-town papers. Amity people could take care of this. ...and Bill Mayhew almost caught him in his net...? We're not even sure what it was.My cars. And a comic book. Sure, Dad. Dad, the ponds are for old ladies. I'm all checked out for light surf and look at it. My boat's neat, dad! Cut my hand. Hit by a vampire.He's comin' up -- ! Full throttle! To port! Dead astern! Zig-zag! No! He can't stay down with three barrels on him! Where is he?! Have to pump her steady, s'all. No! No! No! Swing around! After him! Shut up! Just pump her out! The bilge pumps. There -- He's busting the shaft! Start the pump! Tattoo. Had it taken off. I almost had 'im. Look a' that -- Bayonet Iwo Jima. You hired me, remember? It's my $10,000. It's my shark... We got a barrel on him. We can't lose him. We stay out here until we find him. I never saw one that big. What I do is trick him to the surface, got that? Then I can jab him, understand? Think I'm gonna haul it in as if he's a catfish, like everyone else does? Don't tell me my business! Quarter-mile, that way. Full throttle. Unbuckle me -- fast! Grab the leader. He ain't normal, this one... they never -- Get behind me, dummy! Reverse her and turn -- he's taking too much line! Wet my reel, quick! ...'cause this is where he lives. You gotta think like they do. Nobody. We're drifting with the current. Keep that chum line going -- we've got five good miles. Don't break it. All right, Commissioner. But when we're on my ship, I am Master, Mate and Pilot. And I want him... ...along for ballast. What do you mean 'We...?' I know who he is... Try some of this. I made it myself. And, uh, a case of apricot brandy and you buy the lunch. And you get the Mayor off my back with this zoning crap. Nobody tells me how to run my property. And incidental damages, if any... And my regular daily rate -- $200, whether we catch him or not. Cash? Or do we do this on a handshake and a promise? Did you bring a check? Just fine, Missus. We'll be back soon. Everything's fine. We haven't seen anything yet. Orca out. He's busy. This is Quint, Missus. What can that gun of yours do? Follow him! No way! He can't! No -- comin' right at us! Slow ahead, he'll hit us head on -- Slower! Throttle back --- Easy! It'll tear right out! 'U.S.S Indianapolis.' 1944. ...Mako. Fell out of the tail rope and onto the deck. You don't get bitten by one of those bastards but twice -- your first and your last. And I'll drink to yours. Nothing! A pleasure scar. Look here -- Face and head scars come from amateur amusements in the bar room. This love line here... ...that's from some crazy Frenchie come after me with a knife. I caught him with a good right hand right in the snot locker and laid him amongst the sweetpeas. Wire burn. Trying to stop a backstay from taking my head off. 25 feet. And three tons of him there. At least you handle the boat all right. Stop. Here... Cut the engine. Over there! Fasten the pole. A marlin, or a stingray. Huh. Don't ever tell me my business again. Get back up on the bridge. Look -- you may be a big Yahoo in the lab, but out here you're just supercargo, and you'll do as I say, or you can take your gear and backstroke home. Now get down here! Down here, Hooper! Gettin' ready to run again -- no? No? What's he playin' here? Put the gloves on! Let's see who's gonna tease who now! Hey, you! Farmer! Half-speed there... It ain't a Big Mac. The expert don't approve. What do you thing? You're closer to the situation. Real fine stuff but it won't mean a thing to Mr. Whitey, of course... he didn't go to schools in electronics. He was born with what he does best. Eat. He's a swimming appetite. 'Course he might eat this stuff, but then I've seen him eat a rocking chair, too. Next time, ask me. Hell, in the old days we went out with good charts, good sounding lead, and a damn good compass. Nowadays, these kids are afraid to go out without depth finders, radar, radio, electric toothbrush, every stupid thing... Just a little appetizer. I want our porker to know we're serving. I want to put some iron into that big yap... Who's inside, you or the shark? Hello, Junior. What are you? Some kind of half-assed astronaut? Jesus Christ, when I was a kid, every little squirt wanted to be a harpooner or a sword fisherman. What d'ya have there -- a portable shower? Hey, Squirt! You want to stow this gear or you want me to use it for ballast? It ain't good for much but bait. Ha. City hands. You been counting money. If you had a $5000 net and $2000 worth of fish in it, and along comes Mr. White, and makes it look like a kiddy scissors class has gone to work on it and made paper dolls. If you'd ever worked for a living, you'd know what that means. Let me see your hands... Are you now. I know about porkers in the water -- Here. Tie me a sheepshank. I'm not talking about day sailing or pleasure boating. I'm talking about working for a living. Sharking. Transplants?My kids were on that beach... I was acting in the town's best interests... Maybe we can save August... I don't know if I can do that without a... Why? August! Tomorrow is the 4th of July, and we are going to open for business. It's going to be our best summer in years. If you're so concerned about the beaches, you two, you do whatever you have to to keep them safe, but with you or without you, the beaches stay open this weekend. You'd love to prove that. Getting your name in the National Geographic. I don't thing either of you is familiar with our problems... What kind of a shark did you say it was? Let's all get out of here, this place stinks. Be reasonable, boys -- this isn't the time or the place to do some kind of half-assed autopsy on a fish. Ben... do you have all the pictures you need? I think we all owe a debt of gratitude to these men for catching this monster. Who's that young man? That's good. That's real good. Ben Meadows getting pictures for the paper. Only 24 hours! No need to involve outsiders in our business, Martin. Martin, we hired the best man we could find. I don't think you can appreciate the gut reaction people have to these things. All I'm saying is that Amity is a summer town -- we need summer dollars, and if they can't swim here, they'll use the beaches at Cape Cod, or Long Island. Martin! Are you going to shut down the beach on your own authority? C'mon, it'll give us time to think about what they're going to say. Take my car, okay? You come with us, Lenny. Who've you told this to, Lenny? What have you got there, Lenny? Sick vandalism! Brody, that's a deliberate mutilation of a public service message! I want those little paint-happy bastards caught and hung up by their baby Buster Browns! Well, I'm not going to commit economic suicide on that flimsy evidence. We depend on the summer people for our lives, and if our beaches are closed, then we're all finished. Is that tooth here? Did anyone see it? I'm sorry, Martin. She's in a sick, terrible state. That's disgusting! This is the largest, meanest, most vicious shark ever landed off Amity Island, and a known maneater!Let's get outta here before somebody hears us! Buy 'em with what, dumbhead? I can't, dummy. He'll see that the pack's been opened. You're such a dumbhead.How did he sound this time? Was he nervous? Depressed? I see. Then what brought you up here? So you just came up to visit this Hobbes and you found them like that? You knew these people? Did you touch anything? Move anything before we got here? You're the one who found the bodies? Dr. St. Luc? Detective-Sergeant Heller. I'd like to ask you a few questions. Well, let's go talk to your doctor. Medical clinic? Is that the man who called you up here? And that was her. Annabelle Horse... field.Oh, but the nurse, she went away. I think she must go to look for you. Yes? Who is there? We live in 703. I hit it. I hit it with my cane. Then I carry it on the cane and I throw it down to the incinerator, down to the garbage. Please pardon me. I am Niccolo Spergazzi. I am a resident here. I don't know... we were walking in the hallway and... Cabiria... my wife... she was attacked by this thing... here, on her arm.Used to know a doctor who said he got to know his patients better than their wives did. Cutting a man open sure does expose more of him than pulling down his pants, gotta admit that. Gonna cut me open? That's the one. Yep. She lived in 1208. But we usually went to my place. Bigger liquor cabinet, bigger bed. She was gone when I got back from my last Florida trip. Too bad. Had a beautiful tan. Must have gone home to mother. Didn't seem worried about them. She had a couple just like them. Right here near her belly button. You could push 'em around. I thought they were kinda sexy, myself. Good shape for an old man, eh? Want me to breathe deeply?OK, Rog. See you at ten. I dunno. Try tranquilizers. Once you can get at them, there's a lotta stuff you can use. I'll bring a bagful. It's just the standard tropical kit. But the trick is to get at them. Yeah. Ah, I don't want to panic you or anything, but, I mean, the way Hobbes designed them, they're supposed to get out of hand real quick, so you don't have much time to think about what's happening to you. Once they decide to start pumping all those dynamite juices into the old blood stream... I dunno. But if you see some people doing kind of compulsive, maybe even bizarre sexual things... I'd kinda like to come over there and have a look at one of these guys. Huh? Lemme clarify for you. It looks like -- and I quote -- 'a disease to save man from his mind.' Listen, Rog. I knew Hobbes was funny, you know? I told you that. But I didn't really know just how funny he was. See... when he kicked off, they sent all the personal secret stuff they found to his mother -- she's still alive but just barely -- and she sent everything she thought was medical to me here at the lab. I'm Hobbes's partner, right? Anyway, I've been going through his papers, and what they add up to is this: Hobbes was shafting us all, me, the university, the foundations and the councils, the private labs, everybody. We never really knew what it was we were working on. Hobbes gave us each a few crumbs, but he was the only one who knew what the whole loaf would look like. Yeah, well, I'm flattered, but you won't find any real meat in them. It's me, Rollo Linsky. Remember me? That you, Rog? But you'll think about what I said about working together, huh? Aw, he met her when he was lecturing at some private girls' school. They caught him examining her little tits for breast cancer in the faculty lounge. She was twelve. Don't ask. It was craziness, believe me. They used to come here sometimes. Don't ask. It was women did it to Hobbes. Couldn't handle them. That girl, that Annabelle -- talk about crazy projects. You want to help sick people for the rest of your life? God forbid I should talk you out of it. Rog, I gotta talk serious to you. Really. Listen. Ya listening? OK. I want you to come into this with me. To tell the honest-to-God truth, I'm lonely. All Hobbes ever did was run around getting money and phone me in the middle of the night. He wanted you in anyway. That's why we were gonna get together, the three of us. We would have enough to keep us going for at least five years, even with inflation. You know and I know that Hobbes was a lousy teacher, eh? Lousy. Dry, academic, afraid of women, lousy. But he was always a genius at one thing -- getting grants. Could he get grants for crazy projects? Right. It's crazy. But here's the beauty part. Ready? Who cares? You put the bug into the body of a man with a diseased kidney, the bug attacks the bad kidney, dissolves it, it's assimilated by the body, and now you got a perfectly good parasite where you used to have a rotten kidney. I know what you're gonna say. You're gonna say it's crazy. Look. You got men, you got parasites that live in, on, and around men. Now. Why not breed a parasite that does something useful? Eh? Why not breed a parasite capable of taking over the function of any one of a bunch of human organs? Why not, for example, a parasite living in the human abdominal cavity that plugs into the circulatory system and filters the blood like a kidney? If it takes a little blood for itself, so what? Be generous! You can afford it. I know. You're bored already. Transplants are yesterday's kishkas, right? That was my father's idea... private practice. He wanted to set me up -- I couldn't say no. But he's dead now. And me, I'm still a snoop, I gotta do research. Look at that beautiful stuff... ...lookit it! So who changes? I'm still a VD man under the skin, Rog. You know me. I'm a down-to-earth kinda guy, right? Not exactly the kind of lunch Hobbes would have laid on you, Rog, but it's all I got, and... ...all I got I share with you. Go ahead. Take all you want.He sounded fine. It was very strange. He called me at six this morning. Hobbes called me. I thought I was dreaming. I haven't heard that voice for so long. He told me who it was, then he said something like, 'Meet me at apartment 1208 at noon. I want you to go out for lunch with me. It's time you furthered your education.' Then he laughed and hung up. I went back to sleep. He called me again at eight to remind me to come. Oh, no. I haven't seen Dr. Hobbes since I was in medical school. He taught me... he was my prof in urology and... I think he conducted a few seminars in psychopharmacology. That was it. I had no idea he'd ever set foot in Starliner Towers until today. I knew the man, Emil Hobbes, a doctor and a professor at university. I saw the girl around the building but I didn't know her. She never came to the clinic. No, nothing. Yes. Sure. Down to the incinerator. Will you be OK now? I've got to go to your place to see if he's still there. I've got to see if it's... if it's what we both think it is. Where is he now? Do you know? Forsythe, Forsythe! What's wrong? What's happened? OK. But late. No. I don't think so. Meeting Rollo at Tudor's. Might take a while. C'mon, Forsythe. Are there any more on the list? Uh, OK. Sure. That's great, Forsythe, great. Thanks. Mm? OK. Be with you in a sec. It's Dr. St. Luc, Mr Spergazzi. Let me speak to the nurse, please. OK. I'll meet you back there. Don't leave until I get there. Lock the door and don't open it except for me. OK? Go back to their apartment with them and treat her for second-degree burns. It'll have to do for now. What's your number? The number of your apartment? Where is this thing that attacked your wife? What happened? Well, let's wait for the X-rays. I'm going to send you to the hospital to have a few X-rays taken. I want to find out exactly what you're hiding in there, OK? Give them this. The address is right there under Radiology. Was her name Annabelle Horsefield? Was this girl from Starliner Towers? Didn't she ever have these lumps looked at by a doctor? Mr. Parkins, what makes you think you caught these lumps of yours from a young lady? Just breathe normally. OK. It's apartment 1009, South Tower, Starliner Towers. May as well go there directly. Yeah? What do I do then? I've got a date with one of them at ten. Can you make it? Maybe Hobbes didn't know it, but Annabelle was a pretty popular girl around Starliner Towers. I've got three men here, maybe four, who're hosting large, free-moving, apparently pathogenic, abdominal growths that nobody I've tried can identify. You were next on my list. He didn't make it. I don't get it. OK, I bite. What does it look like? No? How come? Rollo! How'sa boy? I was just thinking about you. Yes? Yes? OK. I'll think about it. Who was she? You oughta be careful yourself. Might end up cutting your throat. Rollo, you know me. Once a GP, always a GP. I don't get it. It's crazy. Did I say anything? But you gave up your private practice. Suddenly you're into pure research and you... you're what, a parasitologist? Well, at least you still talk the same. You touch my spleen, Rollo. And here all the time I was thinking -- if I ever bothered to think about the good old days -- well, at least there's Rollo. He's in VD and he's happy.Yeah. This is an island, you know? Takes too long to get into the city. We gotta have everything right here or somebody complains. Yeah, that's Dr. St. Luc. He's the head of our little medical clinic here. Far as I know, yeah, that was her.Make love to me, make love to me, love, love to me... Please, Janine. Please, pleasepleaseplease, Janine Janine JanineJanineJanine... You will make love to me, won't you, Janine? Won't you make love to me? You start it. Won't you? I think I've forgotten how to start. Do you want to make love? You're absolutely beautiful, those eyes, that expression. You're absolutely the most sexy thing alive. Do you want to make love? Nope. Damned thing wriggled out of my hands. That's all. I won't be at the office except to sign in. I've got a lot of claims to check out. All over the place. Garages and more garages. I'll come home right after work. What do you want to call me at the office for?You men shoot, aim for the white meat! Aw, hey... God damn it, Sheila isn't gonna believe it. They just call in and say gas up a stretchout and get it down to and I say, 'shit, another load of Elks for the massage parlors.' I was lookin' at it. I saw you, man! Jesus! You oughta see yourself! You wouldn't believe it. Jesus, you're the man! Yeah.Sonny? Don't send me away! I can help you save your soul ... That's why I can talk to you, as an equal, Sonny. You got to merge your whole soul with God. And then you are Him and one with the Holy Ghost. You know, Sonny, I used to dope a lot, and I was into dipping? And I did a couple bank jobs, and the Lord Jesus in his everlasting mercy saved me, you know how? Jesus Christ is coming back and he's really pissed.You said a mouthful... sweetheart! Yeah... see ya in my dreams, huh? Thank you much... and huh, bon voyage. It's my only chance! Yeah... yeah. Well... I don't know if I have or not. Yeah... huh, thank you. I'm going to go back, Sonny, to the hospital. They're really nice people. They're really trying to help me. Yeah... yeah! They won't talk to you. Yeah... I knew it. But, what choice do I have? I'm in the hospital; they drag me out of the hospital... bring me down here... Look... don't throw that on me. No! They're standing all around me. Seven thousand fucken cops... all around me. I don't have a choice. Yeah. Sonny, would you please just tell them... please... I can't survive in prison, Sonny... I gotta listen to it if they think... Well... they told me that I was an accomplice... These guys that got me down here, you know, huh... they think that I'm part of this whole thing. They think I'm part of the plot to rob the bank! Would you do something for me? Please? Sal... Sal... Naturale, oh boy! Oh... wow! Sonny, you're really into one mess now. So! Sal is with you? I like that... yeah! I don't know... you could have picked a better place. God, Algeria! Do you know there's a bunch of... they walk around there... God! People walk around with masks and things on their heads. They're a bunch of crazy people there. Howard Johnson's... you're warped. You know that? You're really warped! Why you going to Algeria? Where you gonna go? You're really crazy. You're crazy. I'm free to do what I want? And you think I would want to go with you some place on a plane? Where? Where ya going? What trip? Well... But I didn't ask you to go rob a bank. I'm sorry... Yeah... obviously you don't... when you put a gun to somebody's head... and you say go to sleep so that it won't hurt when I pull the trigger. Death? Don't talk about death to me. I have been living with death for the last six months. Why do you think I'm in the hospital? I take a handful of pills to get away from you. And then here I am out of the hospital talking to you on the phone... again. I have no friends left. No job. I can't live. I have to live with people. This death business... I'm sorry! No really... I don't think that you realize what it means. The things that you do, Sonny. You put a gun to somebody's head... What do you mean... what am I talking about? Do you realize that you say that to me every day of your life? I am dying. Do you know... do you realize the death that you are spreading around to the people who are around you? What? What are you talking about? You are dying? Did you ever listen to yourself when you say that? Yeah... I know. Yeah. So how are you? You can't talk or do anything. You really feel... you know... I'm just sort of coming out of it now. You come in and they say, right away, that you are crazy. And they start putting things in your arm... you know. How do they expect you to get uncrazy if you're asleep all the time? Yeah. It was terrible. I'm really shakey. Ooohh.... I never thought I'd get out this way. I'll tell you. Well... I'm out of the hospital. Hello, Sonny. I don't know what to say to him. I can't. I'm afraid. I can't talk to him. It made him crazy - so much demand, he'd fly into this rages. And I got more depressed than ever; I saw I'd never get the operation. So I tried to take my life - I swallowed about a half pound of pills ... blues, reds, yellows, downers, uppers, screamers ... you name it. But I just threw them up and wound up in the hospital. Sonny comes there and looks at me and just says: 'Wow!' So when I hear he's in the bank, I almost go crazy because I know he's doin' it for me. Ten days I spent in Atlantic City - Sonny was frantic - he knew I was drinking; he didn't know where I was ... who I was with. I couldn't explain why I did the things I did. So I went to this psychiatrist who explained to me I was a woman in a man's body. So Sonny right away wanted to get me money for a sex change operation: but where was he to get that? 2500 dollars! My God, he's in hock up to his ears already. He's scared. It's crazy. I never met anyone like him. His wife, he's a wonderful father to his children. His mother - you should see her - his mother and father together are like a bad car wreck - he lets it all slide off his back, he sees them, he pays their rent. Unbelievable. I wanted to get married ... He didn't really want it ... he's married already! But he did it. I don't know why. I thought it would help me, but it didn't. I was just as confused and unhappy was before; I did terrible things. He was under great strain: you don't understand, he's a very mixed up person. What good is that? They couldn't stop him. And it'd just make him mad. They don't know him. He won't listen to anybody. He's been very crazy all summer. Since June he's been trying to kill me. I can't help it. I can't stop him from anything. Oh no! Oh, God, they shot me with like unreal!I'll kiss the baby for you. Well, stay away from them. Don't get close. The robbers in the bank. They got guns? It looks like a whole roast. Jenny?Fuck you, sir - if I'm right, I don't need you. What I want is - if I make an honest mistake I want help. Listen. What if we gotta kill a whole lot of people? So whatsa deal? I never make bets or guesses, that way I'm never wrong and I never have to pay out. No. I never smile any more. You think it over, Leon. How is he gonna hurt you on the telephone? You're in it up to your ass, Leon. You're an accessory. You talk him out of there and they might be a little more understanding of your case. Well, don't you figure you owe to him to get him out of there? He needed money? For the operation for you? What kind of things, Leon? He's makin' threats in there. Somebody's got to stop him, Leon. You try calling the police? If he won't listen to you, who will he listen to? He's got eight people in there with him. He's got this kid with him ... they're gonna shoot the people. Well, you got to get hold of yourself. You got to talk to him, tell him to give himself up. Leon? Whatsa matter? They give you a shot down the hospital or what? He's groggy, Sonny. Let me get him on his feet and he'll call you back. He's all doped up. We're bringing in your wife... Aspirins ... okay you got it. Charlie! Six pizzas! What else? There won't be ... there won't be ... What else do you need? How else can we help you? I'm not ... I'm not ... you're gettin' a bus ... you're gettin' a bus ... the jet's comin' into Kennedy ... and your wife's on the way ... what else do you need? What else can I get you? Listen, I don't know how you can do better ... see that man over there ... the FBI guy ... Can't land ... you'd kill people ... It can't happen again ... I'll do everything I can to stop anything I can ... Sonny, your wife's on the way ... We reached her ... your wife's on the way ... everything you asked for, you got. Is on its way ... The helicopter can't land but we got a bus ... the jet's on its way to Kennedy ... we got a bus coming here ... Wait a minute ... everything you asked for is on the way ... I swear to God I had nothing to do with it ... No, I'm not tryin' to fuck you. They were ... Sonny, come on out! I'll see what they'll do. The girl hostages. Okay, what do you give me? Sonny, be reasonable! I don't know, Sonny. I don't know if the helicopters can land in here. I'll have to check it out. I got superiors, unnerstan? They don't always see eye to eye with me. I'll do what I can. It's okay, you got a lot of protection. Calm down, you're not ... What? Well, armed, then. Nobody's been hurt. Release the hostages, nobody is gonna worry over kidnapping charges, the worst you're gonna get is five years -- you can be out in a year. Let Sal come out, take a look. What hope you got? Quit while you're ahead. All you got is attempted robbery. I don't forget about Sal and the boom boom room. I want you to see this. Come on. I want you to see something. You're all one way! I'm bein' reasonable with you; give me somethin' ... Give me one of them, anyway ... Just one ... Okay, give us the women. How about letting the people out of the bank. Why put them in this position? I'd like just some sign I can trust you too, Sonny. I don't want to trust my body out where you could just shoot me. Some sight ... right? You frisk me. Okay, Sonny, I want to see if the people in the bank are okay, then what I want to do is work out a way to get them out of there. I want to come over there, without a gun ... and you can frisk me. So you can see you can trust me. So we can talk and find a way outta this mess. Listen, Sonny ... can I call you Sonny for short? Sonny-boy, one word? Give me a name, any name, just so I got somethin' to call you. Right -- got ya. Okay, so there's you -- what's your name? Sal? What's that for? Salvatore? How many you got in there? You alone, or you got confederates? Awright, but I wanna talk to you. First off, we wanna know if the people in the bank are okay. Okay, you're in there and we're out here. What do we do now? Listen, first off, is anybody hurt in there? This is Detective Sergeant Moretti, asshole, we got you completely by the balls. You don't believe me, I'm lookin' you right in the eye. Right now, I can see you... What are you doin' in there? He hasn't so far. I'm the one who can make a mistake. That's what scares the shit out of me. What makes you think you'll be able to control it? Here comes the FBI. You men lookin' for protection? We got all the police right here.What now, Sonny? No. I had some legal training, but... Yeah? Why not? Would I hire you? We like you, too. I'm sorry. You seem like a likable enough guy. It's hard to judge. Sure - we like you. Special to me, too. They look like good kids. I'll be God damned if you will. I stay here. Damn it. I just needed the insulin. I'm used to it. Go on. Go on. I'm not going. I'm okay. I'm okay ... I'm okay ... Are we going to get the ball rolling? I don't know. I don't know, Sonny ... on the roof somewhere I guess. What now, Sonny? I guess he didn't appreciate your use of language. They don't speak that way on television. It's a rule. Do you realize you've cut off a valuable source of communication? The TV ... they want to talk to you ... I don't fool around with you. If you take anybody, please take me. I don't care who you are ... I just want to get you outta here, safe, right? I got two kids ... and I'd like to see them again. They make $105 a week to start. They fold the flag, check the place out in the morning. I don't know what they learn, Sonny. Well, they go to guard school. Mulvaney... It's locked on the inside. It's through that passageway and to the right. I swear to God... on my salary, I'm not gonna be any hero... Hello, Mulvaney here... For God's sake, will you please go now? We gave you every nickel we got. Give me the keys... Howard, give him the keys... Hello... I'm sorry I can't talk to you right now... I suggest you call during banking hours tomorrow. What is your name? Believe me, I'm on your side. It's all we got. Come on, lemme load you up... I must of been outta my mind. I can take care of that. Do what the gentleman says, Howard. Okay, okay... we know it's a stickup! It's okay. [Regards to the family, Sam.] Thanks again, Sam. Yeah, thanks for keeping an eye out. Little smoke: like a Polish four- alarm fire, is all. Yeah, just a cigarette got in a wastebasket. What is it, Sam? You were terrific, too! Girls, I wanta apologize. For my language back there. I didn't eat any pizza. What about Howard? It's up to you ladies.Do you remember anything else about Sal? Did you always call him Junior. Did you know he was a homosexual? When was the last time you saw Sal? How did you know your son was involved?You gonna smoke the cigarette? You're really pure, you know? You got a perfect record. You never used that stuff to ruin your body, why start now? Your body is the temple of the Lord. Go ahead. Do what you want to do. I hate to see you break a perfect record. You oughta take care of your body. You shouldn't start now. No! I'm not kidding. Don't you understand? You're pure! Because I don't want cancer. I used to, but I stopped. You don't smoke ... why do you want to start now. Hey, Sonny - You did it! I'm here. Okay, Sonny. Okay. Why couldn't he talk about that here? What'd he say? They gotta stop sayin' that. Have him walk in backwards. They keep sayin' two homosexuals. I'm not a homosexual. I want you to stop them saying that. Get over there! Everybody! Back here! I never been up in a plane before. Sonny - Wyoming. Does that still go? ... because if you're talking about coppin' a plea, I'm tellin' you right now, there's no deal ... I'm never going back to prison ... We got our own deal already ... Do you remember the pact we made? You and me and Jackie - that night in the bar ... we were talkin' about if we get trapped in the bank, what are you gonna do ... Right? What did we say? What did we say! What do you mean? You talkin' about coppin a plea? What kind of a deal? All right ... send them the guard. Dead or alive? I'll tell you right now - that I'm ready to do it. But I want to know what you think. But do you mean in? ... But you just told him that if worse comes to worse... Are you serious? About throwin' a body outta here if we have to? But do you mean it? ... The bodies out the door. You mean that? How'd that happen? Goddamn women... Where's the money? He's gone? Let's go, Sonny. Fuck him - let him out!I'm glad it's okay. Okay. Yeah. Well, you're okay? You all right? Everything's all right? You okay?Eugene, at 3:07, this became Federal. Why don't I take it over now? He's totally unstable. He'll make a mistake. We're all set at Kennedy. Why didn't you just wait and try to take 'em out there in the street? We'll have hamburgers on the plane. You ready? That's the jet. You give us one more, now. That's the deal... You follow my car. I can't allow that, Sonny... What can he do, he's clean... Sonny! Could you come out, please? Could you come out, please? What's wrong? What I said. You just sit quiet and we'll handle Sal. I just want to see all you young ladies are all all right in here. I wouldn't like to, but I will, if I have to. I have to see. I want to come in, and see if everybody's okay. I want them all. Okay, when do I get them? I'd like to work with you on this, not against you. I've got a jet. I'll have airport limousine here in a half hour. I want the hostages. No more favors. That's all over, Sonny.You'll be okay. Come on, nobody's gonna get hurt. If they were gonna shoot, they'd shoot now. Okay. Yes, I would. Come on, what's under this? These seats come out? They're not after you, they're after me. Heidi - why didn't you come down here? Don't call yourself fat. Heidi, for Christ sake, shut up! Will you shut your fucking mouth and listen?! Heidi, I'm dying. What about the kids? It's okay... it's okay... Take the subway. We need the car. Hey, gimme the keys - the keys! Hey, don't take the car! It's too late - just get away from me - don't talk to me now - go over to your place... Jackie - what are you talking about? Yeah, well...maybe you better talk to one of these others, okay? No. Look, we're kind of.... Yeah, well I don't blame him. Yeah... I'll write a song. Ha, ha. I don't know. Life is funny! Right. See you sometime. I don't know what to say to ya! I guess I just wanted to say I'll see ya... or whatever. Well, then... Do you still want the operation? That's good then. You've found something. All right! He didn't do it. All right? Now... would you get the fuck off the phone? I'll bet that really changed them, huh? Anyway, Leon... did I do it for you? Are they on the phone still? All right, enough! Who the fuck is on the phone... anyway? Is that you Moretti? You on the phone? Will somebody talk to me? Who's on the phone, now? What do you mean... throw it on you? You knew it, right? Look... who's on the phone? You don't have a choice? That's great. Just terrific. You talk to me with them on the phone, right? That is really smart. And, you don't tell me? Where are they now? Just tell me... are they on the phone now? All right. Then what do you want me to say? Shit... Oh... they're fucken crazy. That's a snow job. Don't listen to that shit! How did they think that? What are they... crazy? What do you mean. That's bullshit, Leon. They're giving you a fucken story. What? He ain't going out. And if I go out he's just gonna kill the people. There's a lot of lives that I'm responsible for... that's all. So, I can't do anything. I got myself into this mess and I'll get myself out of it... the best way I know how! One of the ways is not giving up. I'm telling ya! I know I am. I know! Sal? Yeah... Sal is with me. Sal wanted to go to Wyoming. I told him it wasn't a country. We gotta get outta the country! To hell with a guy who doesn't know where Wyoming is. Okay. Can you imagine what kind of a shape I'm in? Denmark? Sweden? What am I supposed to do? I know that. I'm warped... I'm warped! Huh ... I don't know. They got Howard Johnson's there. I don't know why the fuck I'm going there for. Who the fuck knows? I think we're gonna go ... we worked it out to Algeria. So, I don't know. So I'll go to Algeria. I know! That's it. I gotta jet coming here and we're gonna try to get the fuck outta this thing. And we're gonna go, man! I'm getting out of here, man. I'm not going to stay here and I'm not giving up. I mean, huh, they're going to kill me, anyway. So fuck it! But, if I can get out of this... I am going to get out. And, how I'm going to do it is to get a jet out of here and I'm flying the fuck out... That's all, Leon. If you want to come with me, then you're entitled... you can come. You're free to do what you want. I did it on my own. I did this all on my own. I ain't laying it on anybody. Nothing on anybody. I'll tell you something, though, it's about time that I squared away my accounts... you know. I am squaring away my accounts with life. Maye this whole thing is gonna end, somehow. Maybe it'll just end! Maybe I'll just close my eyes and the whole fucken thing will be over. That would be all right too! I said... I thought I would square it away with you... you know? That I would get you down here and that I would say so long to you... or, if you wanted... you know, to take a trip... All right. I know you didn't ask me. You didn't ask me but I did it. I told you. That I got a lot of pressures. You said to me that you needed money, and I knew that you needed money! I saw you there lying in the hospital like that... and I said... shit, man, I got to get this guy some money. I'm not on the phone to talk to you about that. Well, I don't know what to say, Leon. When you gimme that... when you hit me with that shit. I mean, what am I supposed to say? I don't know what I'm doing. Now don't give me that deep shit now. Don't start with that shit. What are you talking about? I don't know what I'm gonna do... you know. Boy... I'm dying. Fine, thank you. I'm in trouble. That is... now I am! So... that sure is something. Yeah... That... huh... they just shoot you with drugs. Well, you know ... Moretti told me before that you were drugged up. Oh... huh ... how you feeling? Well.... huh ... Yeah. You said... I thought you were never getting out? How are you doing? Hello. Hello, Leon. I want to talk to him. Is he all right? Is he all right? Yeah? Okay ... Cokes, seven-ups ... also some aspirin ... All right ... I got some hungry people in there ... I want to get some pizza ... some stuff like that ... Just one more explosion like that and you're gonna see a dead body ... Don't fuck with me ... You know, you're telling me that a helicopter can't land here ... Well, what were you doin' back there? You're full of shit ... Yeah ... Bullshit ... I don't walk to talk to you ... So, what were they doin'? You're tellin' me you had nothin' to do with that back there? You tryin' to fuck me? What the fuck do you want? What the hell you doin' back there? Nothin' doin'. I give you one hostage when you bring my wife, and one for the helicopter, one for the jet, and the rest can come home on the jet. What do you want? I want to see my wife. I want you to bring her down here. I want a helicopter to get outa here! And a jet to take us to... ... wherever we want to go. Outa the country, so no little jets. A big one with a bar and a piano lounge. He wanted to kill me! Calm down... look at this, look at him...! When I'm bein' fucked, I like to be kissed a lot. Who the fuck are you tryin' to con me into some deal? You're a city cop, where's the FBI? This is a federal offense, I got kidnapping, armed robbery, they're gonna bury me! You know it, you can't talk for them, you're some flunky pig tryin' to bullshit me. Now God damn it, get somebody in charge here to talk to me! ... armed robbery ... You want me to give up, huh? Look, Sal's in back with the girls. Anything happens to me - one move - and Sal gives it to them. Boom boom. How do I know you won't jump me? You got these cops outta here. They're comin' in too close. So -- you want me to send one out there ... Okay. I'll see what I can do. Oh, no ... Women is all we got. They're what's keeping me alive. You think you're dealing with an idiot? Talk to me then. Sure ... like ... I'm not gonna shoot you. Right -- I'm with you, buddy. I frisk you? Call me whatever you want. One word. You won't find it in the phone book. Call me Sonny-boy. What do you want to know that for? Sal. He's the killer. We're Vietnam veterans so killing don't mean anything to us, you understand? I got Sal. I'm not alone. They're okay. I told you -- keep away. I don't know what we do now. ... But you keep away from the bank or we start throwing bodies out the front door one at a time... You got it? Okay? What a fuckin' comedy! WNEW plays all the hits. Who's this? Yeah. Listen, I owe a couple hundred dollars! I don't wanta leave owing anybody anything! A clean slate, a new leaf... You got Bank Americard? I want to dictate my will. I need a notary? Are you a lawyer? Mister Mulvaney? I don't think so. Yeah. You know - I had a job once. I used to work in a bank. I had been training ... I used to have a boss ... Mr. Don Frio ... he wore a toupee ... I wonder if you'd hire me if I came in here and asked you for a job ... You know ... I like you people ... I really do. You know, I don't know him very well - but he's not gay ... and he's not going back to prison ... One time when he was in prison, they gang-banged him; 13 years old and eight guys gave it to him ... So Sal isn't goin' back to prison, no way. No you don't. You like me? They're like any others but they're special to me. You got kids? You told me; you got two. I'll never see them again, Mister Mulvaney. Oh, Jesus! You want to be a martyr or a hero or what? You tell me. Is he endangering his health, because if you tell me he is, I'll get him out. Hey! I'm tryin' to help you. You know more than the Doctor? You're not okay, look at you. Come on ... ... let's get him out ... What are you talking about? What do you think I'm doin'? I'm gettin' the ball rollin'. I'm keeping these people happy ... I'm keeping you happy ... I gotta keep the cops cooled out ... I gotta do everything ... I gotta pay for the pizza ... I'm workin' on it, do you know what I mean? I'm workin' on it ... Jesus Christ! I gotta do it all ... I got all the ideas ... you want me to give you the gun? You want to take it over? Do you think we can turn it on? Where's the air conditioning? Wait a minute ... I've been looking at this all wrong ... Let's look at it the other way ... You see what we're dealing with? They want me to kill all of you! Why the hell did he do that? What the hell did I do? What? You're just a nice guy, Mr. Mulvaney. Only don't fuck around with me, you know what I mean? They'll shoot you; the fucking cops'll shoot you ... they don't give a damn. In spite of that bank insurance. You see what they did in Attica, they shot everybody, the hostages, prisoners, cops, guards, forty-two people they killed, the innocent with the guilty. What if I take you with me? Don't ask me questions. I got connections. You find out who I am, you're cold meat. Ah, I know! You're being very cooperative. I got no complaint against you whatever; you got bank insurance? You got kids? To what ... learn how to shoot? They don't get a gun. Let's go to the back door. How'd that guy get to be a guard? You and me are checking the other ways in and out. Now, you -- what's your name? Where's the back door? I took too long. Sal, get 'em in the vault. You're goin' outside with me. If there's no cops around, we just split. Otherwise, you go with us. The gun's right on your back... Gimme the keys to get outta here! Gimme the traveler's checks and the register. My side, shit! Hey, you, manager... Don't get any ideas, fucker... See that man there? I bark and he bites! Okay, don't worry about it. Stick it in the bag... This is it? What am I gonna do with this? Holy shit! What's the matter with you? Well, you get your mind right. I'm a Catholic and I don't wanna hurt nobody, but goddamn it, don't you play no games with me. Unnastand?!? Okay, is the vault open? Hey... let him out! If he moves - blow his guts out... Cover him! Let's move it, goddamn it. Oh, Jesus! Hey. How about food? I forgot to ask to have food on board. There it is, Sal. Sal? All right. Just give me a receipt. Hey, Sal, you okay? Hey, Sal ... How you doin'? He was showin' me how the airport bus is comin' in, like that, Sal. What's wrong with him? He was talkin' about arrangements ... we were talkin' about the TV. Sal? It's the FBI. He wants to come in. That's all they're interested in - it's a freak show to them. I can't control it, Sal - let'em say what they want. Forget it. It don't matter. What? Look, I talked to him and it's not going to be a helicopter - they can't land on top of the roof - so they're comin' with a big ... limousine bus and they'll take us to the airport - and they're gonna get a jet ... so things are rollin' ... they're movin' ... I also ordered some food ... I got some pizzas for us, all right? I got some things to drink - I got sodas ... I even asked them for aspirins ... I'm doin' what I can ... now I gotta pay for the pizza ... where are the marked bills? Okay ... okay ... all right, Sal, it's okay. I got everything straightened out ... it's gonna be okay. They're trying to come through the door! It's nothing - it just goes up - it's the safest thing in the world. Safer than a car. Don't worry about it, Sal - it'll be all right ... they're great ... Yeah ... Wyoming ... That's not out of the country -- that's in the United States ... Look, I'll be back. You realize, Sal, that we're gonna get outta the country, so if you wanna talk to somebody, do it now ... You gotta Mother or a Father? Friends? If we gotta be outside the country, where do you wanna go? Any country. Just name a country. We're not there yet. We'd kill ourselves. Maybe we can get outta this thing alive ... get 'em to drop the kidnapping charges ... I figure maybe we can get the FBI to make a deal ... Okay, Sal ... what do we do? All right ... let's go. To show that we're negotiating. Alive. He wants one. We won't have to. I want him to think that. Well, I stalled him for a while. When it comes the time, then we'll work it out. Okay? Sal, I'm sorry about this. But we can get outta this thing. There's a way outta this. I want him to think that. What? It's the cops. Shit! Ah shit. Okay... go ahead. Anybody else have to go? Get 'em in the vault! Yeah - it's all right... let's go. What are you crying for? Jesus Christ. It's not your fault there's no money... Ah, Jesus... Hey, for christ's sake... now... fuckin' asshole... He can't make it. I ain't eaten all day. I just realized it. Okay. Which one goes? Okay - you got your one. You can't allow! I'm running this thing, what gives you the idea you can say shit? Come on. I'll pay you. Whatta you want? Two hundred? A thousand? Gimme the black guy... I don't want him. It's my mother. Who needs this shit? The manager, he's diabetic, he's lookin' bad. Wait a minute! What the fuck you tryin' to tell me? Nobody give their right name ... it's the FBI! Nothin' personal, huh? The man that kills me, I want him to do it because he hates my guts. Not because it's a job. Okay, let's go ... but you gotta walk in backwards. Jesus, you'd like to kill me, too. You got guts. You think if Sal and me have cut their throats we're gonna let you out? I want to talk to Leon. At the airport. We get on the plane, check it out, and if it's all okay we'll send them out. Except one. Well, Jesus, these hostages are keeping me alive. Bullshit! Aw, Jesus ... you been doin' us favors all night! First off, get the lights back on and the air conditioning. Fuck! We did it! Yeah - it looks real official. Hey, let's get ready! My kids ... Kimmy and Jimmy. Those bastards -- they poisoned the pizza! Sal - you didn't eat any pizza!? Hey, you okay? ... Just give me time to think... Oh, shit! I gotta have time to think. Come on, nobody's going to the bathroom - come on... What are you trying to pull? Who the hell is that? God damn it! What the... What's the matter... they never housebroke you? I speak what I feel. Open this up! Okay, who's the head teller here? He's right. You shoulda done what he did. Go home. Don't talk to the FBI anymore. Did Pop come down? I'm a fuckup and an outcast. There isn't one single person in my life I haven't hurt through my love. You understand that? I'm the most dangerous person in the world, because if I love you, watch out, you're gonna get fucked, fucked over and fucked out! Maybe! Aw Christ, what dreams you live on! Maybe what? What the hell for? Twenty-five years in the pen? I can't, Mom. If I come out Sal will kill them. Not now, Mom, please. She doesn't have anything to do with it! You understand that? Mother? This is me! Mom. Mom. There are some things a mother shouldn't say in front of her son. For God's sake don't start in on Heidi again ... Mom - they're sending a bus to take us to the airport. You understand? If you're here - they're not gonna send it. They'll think I'm gonna come out with you. We can't stay here. Don't talk to them anymore. Sal and me are getting a jet, we're going to Algeria - I'll write you from there. Oh my God, mother! You did what? Who did you talk to? What for? Mom - I got it all worked out; it's over. The best thing is you go home. Watch it on TV. What do you want here, Ma? You could of watched it on TV. Then talk about somethin' you fuckin' know about ... Oh yeah? Give up? You ever been in prison? I don't want to be paid. I'm here with Sal and eight other people ... and we're dyin'! They're gonna blow our guts out, man! You're gonna see our brains onna sidewalk! How's that for all you shut-ins and housewives to look at! You gonna help, or you just put it on instead of AS THE WORLD TURNS? We're dyin' here! What have you got for me? Okay, newsman. How much you make a week? You're not talkin'. You payin' me? What have you got for me? We're givin' you entertainment ... what are you givin' us? How much you have to pay an entertainer to fill this slot? Yeah! We're hot entertainment, right? You got me and Sal on TV ... we're entertainment you sell, right? Wait a minute ... I'm talkin' to you. I'm askin' you a question ... Like what? Bank teller? What do they get paid - ... they pay one hundred thirty- five dollars and thirty-seven cents to start. I got a wife and kids. I can't live on that -- You want to live on that? What do you make a week? Get a job doing what? You gotta be a member of a union, no union card - no job. To join the union, you gotta get the job, but you don't get the job without the card. I don't know ... It's where they got the money. I mean, if you want to steal, you go to where they got the money, right? Doing what?Of course not ... You could give up. What do you want us to give you? You want to be paid for ... Newsman, not ... You're news, Sonny ... The audience is interested in you, Sonny ... not me. I'm here to talk to you, Sonny, not ... What about, ah, non-union occupations? But I mean, why do you need to steal? Couldn't you get a job? Robbing a bank. Why are you doing this?Bread? No, no, no. Apples .... gravy ... very small rocks ... No, no, It floats. Throw her in the pond Tie weights on her. To the pond. Ah. Yes, of course ... um ... err ... I see. Yes, of course. Burn them. There are? Tell up. What are they, wise Sir Bedevere? Burn her anyway. A witch, a witch, burn her! She looks like one. Yes, she does.I'm not interested. Please! Well, it doesn't matter. Go and tell your master that Arthur from the Court of Camelot is here. Not at all. They could be carried. The swallow may fly south with the sun, or the house martin or the plover seek warmer hot lands in winter, yet these are not strangers to our land. What do you mean? Through ... We found them. So? We have ridden since the snows of winter covered this land, through the kingdom of Mercea. ...What? Yes! I am... And this my trusty servant, Patsy. We have ridden the length and breadth of the land in search of knights who will join our court at Camelot.. I must speak with your lord and master. It is I, Arthur, son of Uther Pendragon, from the castle of Camelot. King of all Britons, defeator of the Saxons, sovereign of all England! The Bridge of Death? ... which leads to the Grail? But the Grail ... where is the Grail!? And ... the Grail ... The Grail is there? Where does he live? Old man ... where does he live ... The Lady of the Lake, her arm clad in the purest shimmering samite, held Excalibur aloft from the bosom of the water to signify by Divine Providence ... that I, Arthur, was to carry Excalibur ... That is why I am your king! | | OLD WOMAN | Is Frank in? He'd be able to deal with this one. | DENNIS Look, strange women lying on their backs in ponds handing out swords ... that's no basis for a system of government. Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcical aquatic ceremony. You don't vote for kings. I am your king! What? Well, who is your lord? Please, please good people. I am in haste. What knight lives in that castle? All of us are ... we are all Britons. The Britons. How d'you do, good lady ... I am Arthur, King of the Britons ... can you tell me who lives in that castle? What, "is"? How can we not say the word, if you don't tell us what it is? What word? Cut down a tree with a herring? It can't be done! We shall do no such thing ... let us pass! What is that? Oh, Knights of Ni, here is your shrubbery. May we go now? Yes ... Of course. Thanks you, Knights Who Say Ni! You are fair and just. We will return with a shrubbery. All right! All right! ... No more, please. We will find you a shrubbery ... A what? All right! What do you want? Oh! Oh! Knights Who Say "Ni" ... we are but simple travellers. We seek the Enchanter who lives beyond this wood and who ... Who are they? Come, Patsy. You're a looney. What are you going to do. bleed on me? You'll what ... ? I'll have your leg. Stop that. Look! You stupid bastard. You havn't got any arms left. You are indeed brave Sir knight, but the fight is mine. What? Victory is mine. I thank thee O Lord that in thy ... You're a liar. Well, what's that then? A scratch? Your arm's off. Now stand aside worthy adversary. So be it! I command you, as King of the Britons to stand aside. I have no quarrel with you, brave Sir knight, but I must cross this bridge. What? Well, what are you then? Well ... can we come up and have a look? Are you sure he's got one? What? Please go and tell your master that we have been charged by God with a sacred quest, and if he will give us food and shelter for this night he can join us in our quest for the Holy Grail. I am King Arthur and these are the Knights of the Round Table. Whose castle is this? Hello. Who are they? We shall attack at once. What? What? There! Look! Just keep me covered. Then we'd best leave them here and carry on on foot. No. No. No! That's it. Ni! Ni! | It's not working. You're not doing it properly. Ni! No. Ni! More like this. "Ni"! Who are you? TALL KNIGHT We are the Knights Who Say "Ni"! Who ... Who breaks out? Now what happens? This new learning amazes me, Sir Bedevere. Explain again how sheep's bladders may be employed to prevent earthquakes. Then I dub you ... Sir Bedevere ... Knight of the Round Table! What is your name? Good Sir knight, will you come with me to Camelot, and join our number at the Round Table? I am Arthur, King of the Britons. Who did we lose? Charge! Oh, shut up. Je...sus Christ! You got us all worked up. ... You silly sod. Behind the rabbit? Where? What? How shall we find this cave, O Tim? Look, you're a busy man ... A G...g...g... That is our quest. You know much that is hidden O Tim. You know my name? Greetings Tim the Enchanter! By what name are you known? What manner of man are you that can conjure up fire without flint or tinder? Come on, patsy. Bloody peasant! Shut up! Shut up, will you. Shut up! Shut up! Be quiet! I order you to shut up. Be quiet! Yes, I see. Yes. Well ... I AM king. I've said I'm sorry about the old woman, but from the behind you looked ... I didn't know you were called Dennis. :Well - I can't just say: "Hey, Man!' What? Man. I'm sorry. Old man, What knight live in that castle over there? Old woman! Good idea, O Lord! Yes, Lord. I'm averting my eyes, Lord. Sorry ...Wait. Wait ... tell me, what also floats on water? Does wood sink in water? So how can we tell if she is made of wood? And what do you burn, apart from witches? Tell me ... what do you do with witches? Quiet! Quiet! There are ways of telling whether she is a witch. Did you dress her up like this? Bring her forward. How do you know she is a witch? Oh, just some friends! Yes, my liege. Stand by for attack!! It's The Legendary Black Beast of Aaaaarrrrrrggghhh! | | At that moment there is a yell and a scream OUT OF VISION. ARTHUR turns. | | ARTHUR | Who was that? | | HECTOR | | It was Sir Alf. | | ARTHUR | I didn't know we had a Sir Alf. | | HECTOR | He was feeding it bread. | | ARTHUR | | Well, that was a very silly thing to do. Now the rest of you stand | well back from the BLACK BEAST of Aaaaarrrrrrggghhh! | | HECTOR | Aaaaarrrrrrggghhh! | | ROBIN | Look out. | | The animation MONSTER starts lumbering towards them. The KNIGHTS retreat | into the darkness of the cave. | | GAWAIN | | It's only a cartoon. | | ARTHUR | Sh! It's the ... oh ... it's the ... it's on the tip of my tongue ... What does it say? What with? They're nervous, sire. Ni! Ni! Ni, ni, ni! Nu! No! Not the Knights Who Say "Ni"! Er ... We ... Launcelot, Galahad, and I ... Er ... leap out of the rabbit and ... Well now, Launcelot, Galahad, and I wait until nightfall and then leap out of the rabbit and take the French by surprise, not only by surprise but totally unarmed! OF course, my Liege ... And that, my lord, is how we know the Earth to be banana-shaped. Bedevere, my Liege. My liege, I am honored. My liege ... forgive me ... Who are you who are so wise in the ways of science? And therefore? Exactly. So... logically ... Ah ... but can you not also make bridges out of stone? Why do you think she is a witch? The nose? Well?All right, we'll call it a draw. The Black Knight always triumphs. Have at you! I'm invincible! Come Here. I'll do you for that. Had enough ... ? What! Just a flesh wound. Course I have. Had enough? Come on then. Come on you pansy! I've had worse. No, it isn't. 'Tis but a scratch. I move for no man. Then you shall die. None shall pass. None shall pass.I feel happy... I feel happy. I think I'll go for a walk. I feel fine. I'm getting better! I'm not dead!He hasn't got shit all over him. I dunno, Must be a king. That's all right. See you on Thursday. Thursday. I promised I'd be at the Robinson's. They've lost nine today. I can't. I can't take him. 'Ere. He says he's not dead. Ninepence. Bring out your dead!It just seems silly ... me lying here. Really, I feel fine, sir. I think I'll be all right to come with you, sir. I think I could pull through, sir. I'm not quite dead, sir ... Thank you, sir, most kind ...Oh, Did you hear that! What a give-away. Come and see the violence inherent in the system. Help, help, I'm being repressed! Ah! NOW ... we see the violence inherent in the system. I mean, if I went around saying I was an Emperor because some moistened bint had lobbed a scimitar at me, people would put me away! You can't expect to wield supreme executive power just 'cause some watery tart threw a sword at you! ... but a two-thirds majority ... ... must be approved at a bi-weekly meeting by a simple majority in the case of purely internal affairs. ... But all the decision of that officer ... I told you, We're an anarcho-syndicalist commune, we take it in turns to act as a sort of executive officer for the week. Oh, very nice. King, eh! I expect you've got a palace and fine clothes and courtiers and plenty of food. And how d'you get that? By exploiting the workers! By hanging on to outdated imperialist dogma which perpetuates the social and economic differences in our society! If there's EVER going to be any progress ... What I object to is that you automatically treat me like an inferior ... You didn't bother to find out, did you? Well you could say: "Dennis" :I'm thirty-seven ... I'm not old. I'm thirty-seven. Man!Oh, don't worry about that ... Tell me ... doesn't Camelot own that stretch of farmland up by the mountains? Do you want to come and have a drink? 'Mm ... very nice castle, Camelot ... very good pig country.... Camelot? Are you from Camelot? You even kicked the bride in the chest! It's going to cost me a fortune! Didn't mean to? You put your sword right through his head! I can understand that. You killed eight wedding guests in all! They cost fifty pounds each! Did you kill all those guards? How? You fell out of the Tall Tower you creep! Shut up! You only killed the bride's father - that's all - Not you. Who are you? Shut your noise, you, and get that suit on! Don't like her? What's wrong with her? She's beautiful ... she's rich ... she's got huge tracts of land ... Herbert ... We built this castle on a bloody swamp, we need all the land we can get. Listen, Alice ... You're not going to do a song while I'm here! Rather what? Listen, lad, I built this kingdom up from nothing. All I had when I started was swamp ... other kings said I was daft to build a castle on a swamp, but I built it all the same ... just to show 'em. It sank into the swamp. So I built a another one ... that sank into the swamp. I built another one ... That fell over and THEN sank into the swamp .... So I built another ... and that stayed up. ... And that's what your gonna get, lad: the most powerful kingdom in this island. Father, lad. No! Not the curtains, lad ... All that ... all that you can see, stretched out over the hills and valleys ... as far as the eye can see and beyond ... that'll be your kingdom, lad. One day, lad, all this will be yours ... No, I want you to stay here and make sure he doesn't leave the room until I get back. Where are you going? Is that clear? Yes ... make sure ... Make sure he doesn't leave. And make sure he doesn't leave. Right. No, not anyone else - just me. No ... just keep him in here. No .... keep him in here ... and make sure he doesn't ... Look, it's simple. Just stay here and make sure he doesn't leave the room. Yes? Got it? Leaving the room. No ... You stay in the room and make sure he doesn't leave. No. Until I come and get him. Make sure the Prince doesn't leave this room until I come and get him.Oh, I see, Right. We're coming with you. Oh yes, of course! I thought you meant him! You know it seemed a bit daft me havin' to guard him when he's a guard ... The Prince ... ? What? Okay. Fine. We'll remain here until you get back. Just you ... Until you, or anyone else ... Oh, yes! we'll keep him in here, obviously. But if he had to leave and we were with him. Oh, I remember ... can he ... er ... can he leave the room with us? If we ... er ... Er ... if ... we ... er ... Leaving the room ... yes. We don't need to do anything, apart from just stop him entering the room. ... and you'll come and get him. Not ... to leave the room ... even if you come and get him.If she ... weighs the same as a duck ... she's made of wood. Make a bridge out of her. ... Um ... Yes ... no ... a bit ... yes... she has got a wart. And the hat. But she is a witch. ... Well, we did do the nose.No, It's nothing! Well ... Well Look, I'm afraid I really ought to be ... Er ... Sir Galahad... the Chaste. Well, look er, I ... Er ... + You are the keepers of the Holy Grail? The Castle Anthrax? Ector. ... I Bet you're gay. Oh, let me go and have a bit of peril? Look, it's my duty as a knight to try and sample as much peril as I can. Look, let me go back in there and face the peril? I don't think I was. No, really, I can cope. I can handle this lot easily! Look - I'm fine! Well, she's got a point. Why? Oh ... hello ... Camelot ... I'm sorry, I must go. No, no, this cannot be. I am sworn to chastity! There's nothing wrong with ... that. No look, really, this isn't nescess ... They're doctors?Course it's a good idea. Right. Arthur, King of the Britons, you're Knights of the Round Table shall have a task to make them an example in these dark times ... Well, don't. | I really don't know where all this got started. It's like those miserable psalms. they're so depressing. Now knock it of And don't apologize. Every time I try to talk to someone it's sorry this and forgive me that and I'm not worthy and ... What are you doing now?You're not fooling anyone you know. Isn't there anything you could do? Do me a favour. You're not. You'll be stone dead in a few minutes. He will be soon. He's very ill. Nothing... There's your ninepence. Why? Who's that then? Thanks very much. When's your next round? Well, can you hang around a couple of minutes. He won't be long. Don't be such a baby. Yes he is. Here's one!Blue. To find the Holy Grail. My name is Sir Launcelot. Ask me the questions, Bridgekeeper. I am not afraid. Farewell, Concorde! I will send help, brave friend, as soon as I have accomplished this most daring, desperate adventure in this genre. Good Concorde ... stay here and rest awhile. Oh, well ... er brave Concorde! You shall not have been fatally wounded in vain! At last! A call! A cry of distress ... Concorde! Brave, Concorde ... you shall not have died in vain! And another! Well taken, Concorde! It's just that when I'm in this genre, I tend to get over-excited and start to leap around and wave my sword about ... and ... Oh ... that's awfully nice. Is it? I can explain ... I was in the forest ... riding north from Camelot ... when I got this note. Gosh - Is he all right? Oh dear, I didn't really mean to... Er, Well ... the thing is ... I thought your son was a lady. Well, I'm really am most awfully sorry but I ... I can explain everything ... Yes ... I'm very sorry ... Sir Gawain. No, I'm not. No. It's unhealthy. No, no, we must find the Grail. It's too perilous. You were, Sir Galahad, You were in terrible peril. We were in the nick of time. You were in great peril. Come Sir Galahad, quickly! We'll cover your escape! You are in great peril. Quick! Sir Galahad! Camelot ... I am, sir. I am a Knight of King Arthur. Well, let's not jump to conclusions ... I'm ... er ... Sir Launcelot, sir. Well ... yes ... but I hadn't realised ... Well ... yes ... Oh, fair one, behold your humble servant, Sir Launcelot, from the Court of Camelot. I have come to take you ... away ... I'm terribly sorry ...I'm French. Why do think I have this outrageous accent, you silly king. Of course not! You are English pigs. Oh yes. It's very nice + + CUT TO BATTLEMENTS. THE TAUNTER turns to some others. + + MAN + I told him we already got one. + + They all giggle. + Well, I'll ask him, but I don't think he'll be very keen. He's already got one, you see? This is the castle of of my master, Guy de Loimbard. 'Allo. Whoo is eet?You've said it! Aaaaarghhh! ... We've said it ... Wwe're all saying it. They're all saying the word ... Stop saying the word! The word we cannot hear! The word ... Oh! Yes! With a herring! With a herring! Cut down with a herring! A path! A little path for the late Knights of Ni!Well ... I'll tell you ... I was saved at the last minute. Hurry, brave Sir Launcelot! I'm ... your son ... But, Father. I know ... but ... I want the girl that I marry to have ... a certain ... special ... something ... But I don't like her. Herbert. I don't want land. I'd rather ... just ... sing ... But I don't want any of that, I'd rather ... But, Father, I don't really want any of that. But, Mother ... What - the curtains? Hurry! He's come to rescue me, father. I knew that someone would come. I knew ... somewhere out there ... there must be ... You've come to rescue me? You got my note!I don't know that! To seek the Grail! My name is Sir Robin of Camelot! Ask me the questions, Bridgekeeper. I am not afraid. That's easy! I done it again. What's he do? Nibble your bum? | You turd! + Mangy scots git! You tit. I soiled my armour I was so scared! No, no, no. I didn't. Shut up. Oh, nobody really. just passing through. Shut up. Er, That's ... That's enough music for a while, lads. It Looks as though like there's dirty work afoot.Am I right? Look! To maintain Velocity, a swallow needs to beat its wings four hundred and ninety three times every second. right? It's not a question of where he grips it, It's a simple matter of weight - ratios ... A five-ounce bird could not hold a a one pound coconut. What? A swallow carrying a coconut? Are you suggesting coconuts migrate? Well, this is a temperate zone. Found them? In Mercea. The coconut's tropical! Where did you get the coconuts? You've got two empty halves of coconuts and you're banging them together. You're using coconuts! What? Ridden on a horse? Get away! Halt! Who goes there?Seek you the Bridge of Death ... There is much danger ... for beyond the cave lies the Gorge of Eternal Peril which no man has ever crossed. He knows of a cave ... a cave which no man has entered.No, no ... not "is"! You said it again! I cannot tell you. Suffice to say is one of the words the Knights of Ni! cannot hear! Oh, please! We are now no longer the Knights Who Say Ni! That is a good shrubbery. I like the laurels particularly - But there is one small problem. Now - go! And not too expensive. One that looks nice. You must return here with a shrubbery or else ... you shall not pass through this wood alive! Ni! Ni! Ni ... Peng ... Nee ... Wum! We want ... a shrubbery! We shall say Ni! again to you if you do not appease us. NI! NI! NI! We are the keepers of the sacred words. NI ... Peng ... and Neee ... Wom! The same! Stop saying it. AAAArghh! ... I've said it ... Stop saying the word! Don't say that word. When you have found the shrubbery, then you must cut down the mightiest tree in the forest ... with a herring. When you have found the shrubbery, place the shrubbery here, beside this shrubbery ... only slightly higher, so you get a two-level effect with a path through the middle.Ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. It's always the same ... if I've said it once. I warned you! What? It is the rabbit. There. There he is! Too late. Follow! ... make plain the last resting place of the most Holy Grail. Yes, I can help you with your guest. A Grail? What? Quite. I do. You seek the Holy Grail. Greetings King Arthur. There are some who call me Tim? I am an enchanter. Did I tell you? Did you listen to me? Oh no, no, you knew better didn't you? No, it's just an ordinary rabbit isn't it. The names you called me. Well, don't say I didn't tell you. Well, It's got huge ... very sharp ... it can jump a... look at the bones. Look. I'm warning you. That rabbit's got a vicious streak. It's a killer!You must see the doctors immediately. You must lie down. We are just not used to handsome knights ... But you are wounded! I'm afraid our life must seem very dull and quiet compared to yours. We are but eightscore young blondes, all between sixteen and nineteen-and-a-half, cut off in this castle, with no one to protect us. Oooh. It is a lonely life ... bathing ... dressing ... undressing ... making exciting underwear.... Sir Galahad!! Mine is Zoot. Just Zoot But come. What is your name, handsome knight? The what? But you are tired and you must rest awhile. Midget! Crapper! Yes. It's not a very good name, is it? But we are nice and we shall attend to your every ... every need!I won first prize. Hi! Star. I know that, Star. Grand Old Opera -- Okay by me - I'd sure like to see that Opryland. What do you have to buy? You got a real good memory, Star. Well, that just happened that time. Right here. Well, I just wondered 'cause being from out or town I wouldn't be able to make anything. Is there food? Yes. I'm cutting a record.Don't worry, I'll take care or it Honey, it's okay... How do you feel now? What? Go to the King Of the Road and thank her. Well, I have to go thank her for filling in and it's nice to know the tune she sang. Don't feel that way, honey. What's wrong honey. I called Connie and she said not to worry, She'll fill in for you. Your job, huh. No, you don't, so don't say you do. Bunch of damn liars. What do you get out or this? I got trapped and you know it, so let's have some rules. I said 'no!' What? His word? Are you telling me Haven promised you something? Whose word? How is that? He knows better. Haven? Hell,' we've been playing poker together since we were fourteen. Well, you did and she's fine. Thanks. She's fine. Yes. You bet. What do you really want? I appreciate your concern, but she has to rest, so you can go on home. She's going to rest now. Okay. Yes. She's pretty rested up. I don't care. She's always been neutral in politics and that's not going to change. You know better than that. What! What does he want? Third party? Who the hell is he? Who the hell is he? A little slow, but she'll be fine.Okay. D.C.? Tammany Hall? He came there? Where'd he ever see us? How much? National television? What's he running for? Whose? Don't you worry. We're just having a quiet Sunday at home. You want anything? A drink? Hi. Come on in. Mary! Yes, but we're just singing. How come? It's an appearance. It has nothing to do with support. I don't even like him. When is it? Bastard He saw us at Tammany Hall. What crook? Yes. Percy Warner Park'. Listen, we're suppose to sing on TV day after tomorrow. At the park... Hey! Where are you going? Where the hell have you been?You bet. Not yet. She's in Paris. Sure thing. Put them here... I'll take them. Yes, sir. Like you to meet Opal. Sure he will. Sure do. Good friend of Haven's. Some guy was drunk and hit him. Accident. Haven almost killed him. You go out in the woods and shoot targets -- Whoever shoots the most wins a live turkey Business School so I can run Haven's business. Yes. I was in my Sophomore year at Harvard. He got killed at a turkey shoot. He's my father.Bye, Bye. I got them right here. I'll tell Ester, she'll be thrilled I saw you again. You going today? I'll go on. Ester'1l be very glad. Green. Oh just about everything, I guess. Those doctors started on an overhaul and don't want to quit. They keep taking things out. She's going to come home an egg shell. Tough, though.. She's tough. Eater says she doesn't see how you do it. You'll have to speak up. Well, my wife, Ester's down the hall. I saw Barnett leaving and I was just talking to Ester about your being here. She loves you so much, I just had to come down and say hello. We've been following you since you were a girl. Well, I just scared you to death. I didn't mean to do that. Oh, honey, I didn't mean to scare you. Am I disturbing you? What? You want me to wait? I'm fine. Can I go up? Yes, ma'am. How are you today? Hi, Sherry. Ester and me did; My niece picked then. She's just here from California. Good night, Sure... you're a fine boy, Ken, you really are. A little. What do you need? Well, don't be shy. I got the address here. Anytime you need it. Room's twenty-five dollar! a week and you can have breakfast with me if you like. When you run out or money, 'cause you will here, you can go sing at Bishop's Pub. They let you pass the hat. All these kids do that. Most every place doesn't want to bother with you. My wife and I think so, but we're family. Your family's always good or bad depending on how you look at your family. What do you do, pick or sing? I didn't think it would. She's calling herself L.A. Joan this- week. Last week it was Dakota. Guess if you have to change your name a state's as good as anything. I think we can do that. Come in. Can I help you? Maybe you can look after me a little. I see... Well, those doctors are real miracle workers. What did you say? Did an exploratory and according to them, she needed an overhaul. It's hard to say. Doctors thought she'd come home a week ago. All it was was appendix. She's been in the hospital two weeks yesterday. I'1l get your bag. Glad to see you. Ester'll be glad, too.I don't really know what you're talking about. I'm in a hurry, gonna see this great group record at Woodland. I haven't gotten into politics yet. I'm still into music --except for you. You're into politics. You must really like him. How do you know? Who's that? What's this?Okay... you get to sleep. I'll see you in the morning. Good night. Listen, do you know anything about cars? Suits me. I'm not really a musician. Oh... a little of both. Just thought I'd look around at Nashville for a while. She sure sings nice. Yes, sir. I need a room Yes, sir. I mean, Mr. Green was so nice to me. He took me in and... Listen, your Aunt Ester just died. I'm... sorry... Listen, I really Feel bad now about last night...We had no... Well, he's really amazing. Well I've been following him around Just listening to him --He says he can really win -- I bet he can too - - A guy named Walker. Amazing person. He's developed a huge following. Replacement party. No. No. Probably stay at a motel tonight. No. No. No. Sixty-three. Nash. Do you carry door handles? Oh, well, thanks. Ah, oh, maybe you know where... Ah, hello. My name is Kenneth Fraser... And I'm here from Terre Haute, Indiana. Ah, listen ... somebody stole my handles. Bye. Okay. I'll be talking to you. I want to get the dog off my bed. Listen. Maybe I should go... Does their hair fall out? How do you know if they do? I don't think so. Fungus? No. No, they're white. He's got a nice dog. I don't know his first name. I'm in a rooming house with Mr. Green. I feel really good. Well, I got to Nashville. That's pretty far. The car broke down. Nashville. Mom?That Tom sure is cute. But not unless Nashville really inspires me. I said, maybe I'll change my name again. Well, I could use one, especially if I'm pregnant. All they got is advertisements. Just like L.A. You know anything about the stations here? Uh huh. He is just wonderful. Did you see who that was?What year? What kind? Parts. We don't mess with accessories. Wrecks.That's for sure. At the airport - that's where it was. At the airport, there in one of those gift shops... Anyway, you better take a break. Well, there's a couple of girls in Printers Alley if you got any questions. I know I've seen that G- string stuff for sale someplace around. Are you sure you know what you're doing? I can only give you fifty a week here and ten bucks for the benefit. How much?Where are you going? Where's Bill? Sorry I'm late. I mean... You know Bill is really mad at you. They're looking all over for you. Do you have a copy of the album. Pretty good. Sure was surprised to hear from you. You talk to Bill?Okay, then we'll see you there. Well, how about the shopping center? It's on National television, Barnett. That's what he wants. Barbara Jean. He has that sign with the tree. He's going to run for president. He's lining up talent for Hal Phillip Walker. Have you talked to Triplette? How is she? I'll just be in here. Let me know when you do, all right? Oh... Well... Have you heard from Barnett? Thanks... I'll... go say hello to your mom. Need to have you check these out before he goes on that Walker benefit. Sorry to bother you, Bud. I'll be dammed. I'll be damned. Boy, if you could get Ryan to say something about Hal Phillip Walker, wouldn't that be something? You really do? ~ God -- How come you know them? I never heard of him. Name somebody else. Who? No kidding -- Wait till I tell Linnea. Who? Well, I admire your optimism, and I just wondered if it was regional. You ever see any movie stars? You always live there? Where are you from? He was a good Judge, but that was a long time ago. He ain't really new. You do? We're connected by a relative. One time, one of his aunts married one of my uncles. That was a long time ago, though. How'd you come to work for him? No, we never did that Hal? Well, Hal and I have been friends for a long time. Where is she?The Hell he did. Look, I'll see you in the morning. Come on. He's a crook. National? It's the den mother. To the bathroom. Howdy. I know. Goodbye. I'll talk to you tomorrow. Come on, you ever been attracted to a black guy? Terrific! Who was that black guy? A friend of yours? Older than thirty? I'm twenty-eight Thirty? How old are you? I knew when I first met you. When did you think it would happen? Car pool? Stay. I know. Wrong. You're really terrific, you know what I mean --LINNEA rolls over and faces him. I can't remember. In out/out in, something like that. Around eight. End of Church Street. Next to a grocery store. I've got a gig tonight. Who is this, right? I called you last night. Wow! What do you mean? You said you wanted to see me. Who is this? It's Tom. Hi. Well, they removed my heart last week, but I'm doing fine except my nose fell off. Looks a little funny. That's not quite what I had in mind. I'd really like to see you. Well, I met you that afternoon in the control room and we... Remember, about a month ago, your church choir cut a record? Tom. You remember? I'm here. Linnea? Mary? Oh? Not yet. Listen, Norman, I want... How's your stomach? Just a minute. Yeah, you bet. You're really terrific. You know what I mean? Depends on what I'm studying. Probably a little too long. Dent it a little. Boy -- just she couldn1t even find it. She had a hamburger on her desk that looked three weeks old. No Hell, some secretary in New York just hands it to you. Only this one kept dropping it out of the box. We just got a gold record.Nothing; Barnett. It's my job. Absolutely. Listen, Barnett, I understand your position. They can come to the concert in the park. That's pretty close. He's going to be on the bill. Why not put Barbara Jean on with him? His Word. Everybody likes to be as good as their word. Well, it's probably because it would help him. I guess that's why he thought you right want to help out. Well, that's not entirely true, Barnett. At least not according to Haven. Well, I just thought I'd call. Barnett, John Triplette. How's she doing? Okay. Thanks. Not a thing, Barnett, really. I need a little information. But, ah, it can wait. Oh, sure. Okay, I just wanted to see if I could help out at all. I'm sorry. I feel as if I know you. I'm John Triplette... a friend of Del Reese... I was at the airport. I just wanted to introduce myself. I'm a great fan of hers. If there's anything you need, just give me a call. I'm at the Sheraton South. Okay. Sure thing. D.C. Minimum. ABC. President. Hal Phillip Walker. Well, I'm here putting together a show. It's a benefit really. Oh, no, listen, I don't want to take up too much of your time. Hi. I'm John Triplette. You don't know how pleased he'll be. Might be good for you. You're doing some recording here, aren't you? You're real favorites of his. Yes. Wednesday at the park. We've got a lot of names coming in... He's pretty well known down here. Glad to meet you. Hello. John Triplette. What? Why? Oh yes, I'm John Triplette. Hello. Well -- maybe. Let's see what happens here. Oh, you meet them at parties and stuff. Ryan O'Neal. Peter Finch -- he's English. Ah... Peter Finch. I know a couple. Spent time in Arizona. Why? Southern California. You know, I'll bet you he makes it with a majority. He is to a lot of people. Oh yea -- There has never been a better time for something new. Well, I really think he's got a chance. Oh -- You go to school together? What do you think of him? Pleasure Now, Sueleen, you know that's not what we talked about right here in this very room. I know that you are an artist and I am sure you are very religious. Now this is to raise funds for someone who can help people who are less fortunate than yourself. The more you take off, you see, more money we can raise. May I see your costume? I'm John Triplette. Excuse me. I got all caught up in looking at you. You'll be fine.They said go see the chaplain. My mother. died in '72. They told me after. They said they couldn't find me before, so they told us after. I see. You know who that is? Not me. Ain't never loved anybody. Ain't never been married. Won't either. Sleep. That's all I need. Don't want to waste no time sleeping. You married? All I need is fifteen minutes a night. High? Do you ever get high? A walk on the wild side. Ever do dust? I'm forty-six. Do you like to go up or down? Just got out. Had me thirteen lawyers. Missed the electric chair twice. .. Been out three months. Are you heavy? Premeditated murder. I was in prison for twenty-eight years. Sure thing. Well, honey, I sure hope it comes your way then. You serious? You think I should take lessons? Is that good? You think I got any kind of a voice? Well, you just remember, if you can't kick front, kick back, 'cause at least you're kicking... Ten minutes, okay? You want a ride into town?N-n-n-n-duh-duh-duh-pl-pl-pl-pl-muh muh-muh... No! No! No! M-M-Muh-Muh-McMurphy! Sh-sh-she did! Everybody did! Sh-sh-sh-she m-m-made m-m-me do it! N-n-n-n-no, no, I du-du-du-didn't, I didn't! P-p-p-please du-du-du-don't t-t tell her, p-p-please... I-I-I... I was in luh-love with her. I-I-I-I c-c-c-came over S-S-S Sunday m-m-m-morning after ch-ch-ch church and br-br-brought her s-s some flowers, and I s-s-said, I said, 'C-C-C-Celia, will you muh muh-muh-muh-muh...' till the girl broke out l-l-laughing. Y-y-y-yes... I-I-I-I-I d-d-don't s-s-see how anyone could lu-lu-lu-love a man who t-t-t-talks the way he does. N-n-n-n-n-no, ma'am. M-m-m-ma'am? P-p-p-please duh-duh-duh-duh t-t tell, M-M-M-Miss R-R-Ratched, y-y you don't need to! M-M-M-Mack? Wu-wu-wu I-I-I-I th-th-think sh-sh sh-she's th-th-th-the ma-ma-ma-most bu-bu-bu-beautiful wu-wu-wu-woman in th-th-the whole world! C-C-C-C-Candy! Ah-ah-ah-are y-y-y-you g-g-g-going t-t-t-to muh-muh-muh-marry her? I-I-I-I-I'll g-g-g-go, M-M-Mack... W-W-We h-heard y-you w-were n-never c-c-coming back! H-h-how's it g-g-going, Mack? C-C-Come here and l-look at th this! H-H-Help! 'K-Kay, M-Mack! W-W-Where we g-g-going? H-Hey, M-Mack. I-I-I'm w-w-wet... Y-y-yes, a b-b-bus! I-I d-d-don't know! M-M-Miss R Ratched g-g-g-g... Wh-wh-where ya going, M-M-Mac? Wh-wh-wh-wh... W-w-w-what is it, M-M-Mac? 'K-k-kay, Mack! O-o-o-oh... Th-th-then y-y-you're n-n-not m-m mad? M-M-Mack, y-y-y-you c-c-can't l-l lift that thing! Some of us ha-ha-have b-b-been here a long t-t-time, Randle, and will b b-be here long after this Wo-Wo World Series of yours is oh-oh-oh, what's the use anyway... Y-y-yes! Yes! Y-y-y-you s-s-saw wh wh-what she c-c-can do to us! H-H-Harding, the m-m-man w-wants to t-talk to you, y-you're the pr-pr pr... Y-Y-You m-mean th-the pr-president of the P-P-Patients C-Council? B-B-Billy. H-H-Hearts.Ca-na-da... Yeah... Ca-na-da... No. God Bless America. Thank you.Does that mean we have to cut him loose? Mine, too! What? What? What? Which gets you shipped up to Disturbed for a nice little zap job. It's the questions she asks. What? Christ, they even got my first grade report card here... Yeah, my feet are cold... Neither do I... Me, too... Through the ass.Is it true McMurphy killed two attendants and escaped yesterday? Yes, thank you, Miss Ratched. Since our last meeting I have been reflecting, quite seriously, on the nature of my problem. Naturally, I'm referring to the capacity to obtain the necessary results in order to obtain... No, no. To personify the very existence of that relationship regardless of the function... Regardless of the function, we will confront the question of... Yes. Yes. The question of... Existence... Relationship... Function... Confront... Yes, confronting us in the moment of deepest crisis... Yes, the crisis of our souls. Of our souls, which I am trying to fully understand the problem... the problem. Not to shut ourselves off, but somehow... Somehow to understand fully our capacity... to obtain... to personify... the question... existence depends... depends on the question... to reflect... to reflect... I mean, the other day you made an allusion to my wife and the possible sexual problems we might be having. I know that to be the case, but the way in which you broached it, if that's your idea of teaching me something... I can only speculate as to the reasons why. Yes, that is correct. No, Miss Ratched... Yes, Miss Ratched, this is correct. Yes, that's perfectly correct. Sure, Mack... I don't trust you! I just started! No! I refuse! What are you talking about??? Everybody was covered!!! Everybody was covered!!! What's your plan, Mack? That's nice. Send me a post card. What for? It doesn't help him. So why are you talking to him? He can't hear you! Giving up? Okay, sucker. Twenty-five dollars. With your own two hands? You mean you're going to try to pick that thing up and shove it through the window? And how do you propose to accomplish that little feat, my friend? A baseball game isn't worth the risk, my friend. She's not all that homely, Mister McMurphy. In fact, she must have been a rather beautiful young lady. I don't see you scoring any points, buddy. And you're just the man for the job, right? Now, what would I be trying to say? That! Lobotomy! And if you persist in your ways, they can always ship you over to Medical Surgery. Electro-Shock Therapy, my friend. Five cents' worth of electricity and you are out of everybody's hair. Miss Ratched is a competent psychiatric nurse, not some, some kind of monster pecking out our eyes! Did to me? It's as simple as that. You've been on our ward six hours and have already simplified the work of Freud, Jung and Maxwell Jones in one grand analogy: it's a pecking party. A pecking party? What are you doing? Martini! I'm not running a charity ward... No! Well, if you gentlemen will excuse me, I have some pressing matters to attend to. Let me see your hand! Don't you have any clubs? Who told you that? When? Hear what? Big king, too bad... Miss Ratched. Given all the conditions of that sublime relationship, coupled with the subsequent annihilation of all that I held to be sacred, mentally, physically and emotionally, the only thing that I can speculate on, at this late date, is how I will justify the very existence of my life, with or without my dear wife.Why not? Gimme a cigarette! No! No! Gimme the ball! I saw 'em! I saw 'em. No! I wanna go! Yeah, Mac? A nickel. Hold it a minute. Me. Hit me! Hit me! Hit me. Bet a nickel! What's this? Can you borrow me a dime? He's not! What is it? No. I'm hungry. I wanna go home! I wanna see it... I saw thum! I saw thum! No. Me! Me!Thank you, ma'am. Gotta go now, ma'am... Thank you, ma'am... Miss Ratched, would you please save a space for my aunt? She's comin' down from Portland. Why, thank you, ma'am... Whew. Man, I tell you, that place up there is somethin' else! Well, ya boys been practicin' up for the big game? I figured as much... Ma'am, I'm as gentle as a puppy dog. Why, I haven't licked the tar out of an aide for two weeks! Hi ya, Doc! Thank you, ma'am. Yes, ma'am? Yeah, that's kind of crazy, ain't it! Yeah, ya should've come along with us, Miss Ratched, an' gotten a little sun on your cheeks and maybe caught a fish or two. He's into his wind-up. Here's the next pitch... and it's a hit! It's a hit! He's into his wind-up. Here comes the pitch. Strike on the inside corner! Well, I'll be a son-of-a-bitch... You mean to tell me you're gonna count those old birds over there? So do I! That's it! We made it! Okay, I wanna see the hands. I wanna see which of you birds has any guts. I'm proposing a re-vote on watchin' the ballgame! Yeah, it'll satisfy me. What the hell does that have to do with it? This is an important event and I want a vote on it! Yeah, yeah, the hell with that crap! The World Series is goin' on right' now an' that's therapy also! Jesus Christ, the man doesn't want to talk, so get off his back an' let's get on to some new business. No way. The hell with the schedule, you can get back to the schedule next week when the series is over. What I want is a vote on it right now! Yeah? 'Kay, item two. Tomorrow, and listen carefully to me, you ding-a lings. Tomorrow is the opening game of the World Series an' what I want is to take a vote on switchin' the group meetin' to later on in the day, so we can watch the ballgame. I'm not finished yet. Right! Right... I've been givin' some serious consideration to what you told me about the democratic something of this therapeutic community of ours, an' I got a few things I wanna get off my chest, before we get back to Harding's problem. You sure run a tight-assed ship 'round here, don't ya! Well, say. How 'bout springing a pack of cigarettes loose? What for? Yeah, some creep stole my cigarettes! I wanna report a robbery! No, that's okay, ma'am. Down it goes. Sorry to have bothered you. Well, say, how 'bout easin' it down a bit so a man don't have to shout! How 'bout turning off that music for a while so a man can hear himself think? Pardon me, ma'am, can I ask you somethin'? Sorry, ma'am. Yeah, well, it just pains me somethin' awful to see a full growed man sloshing around in his own water... Yes, ma'am. Lead the way, Sam. Yeah, you ain't half so bad looking for a head nurse. Just that I'm glad to be here, Miss Ratched. I really am. Yes, ma'am. Now that you mention it, I sure would like to call my aunt up in Portland and tell 'er where I am so she can come visit me. Yes, ma'am... Thank you, ma'am... Yes, ma'am. Hold the fort down, will ya, fellas! Yes, ma'am... Easy now, don't smudge 'em, we got lots of games ahead of us... Ahhh, Billy... It's okay, kid. Everything it going to be okay... I'll come back an' getcha in a while... 'Kay... In ya go... Candy? Hell no, Billy, she's just a good friend, that's all... Marry who? Whatsamatter, kid, what's botherin' you...? Good boy, thank you, Billy. Yeah, well, let me tell ya somethin'... While I was up there gettin' in-lightened, I came up with one hellava plan... Just fine, Billy boy, just fine. Full of piss an' vinegar! They checked my plugs and cleaned my points... What is it, kid? Ease up on the star drag, keep the tie up, up and work hell outta that fella. Soo, fare-the-weel, darlin'. I'm gone on my way, My wagons are loaded, My whip's in my hand... Yeah, kid? Your horses are hungry, That's what she did say, Come sit down beside me, An' feed them some hay. My horses ain't hungry, They wontt eat your hay-ay-aeee... Go ahead! Go back! Well, shoot, man! Whadaya say we take ourselves a little spin around the place. A bus? Fuck Miss Ratched! Come on, don't crap out on me now. We got two buddies out there! So long suckers. Shhh... So long, kid. Hey, Billy. Billy boy, wake up and say goodbye to your ol' buddy. What we're gonna have to do is pull this ballclub together for our next play. 'Kay! No, kid, it was my own stupidity, that's what pissed me off. That's okay, kid... Stand aside, son. Any more takers? Break it up, God dammit! Ain't I got enough troubles without you guys messin' around... can't depend on nobody. What did I see 'cept a grown man gettin' whipped so bad he can't laugh anymore. Yeah, that'll do for openers! What I wanna know is who's the top loony around here? Well, put 'er there, Billy boy, my name's McMurphy. What's your name, buddy? Shoot! No wonder you don't care nothin' 'bout showin' your hand. Whatcha boys playin'? Shhh, Chief, don't talk. Never talk! Remember, this is just between you an' me. Do ya understand? Yeah, well, well, well. 'Bout time the rest of the world got a gander at Big Chief Bromden cuttin' down the boulevard, stopping just long enough for virgins... Oh, man, I tell you, I tell you, you'll have women trippin' you and beating you to the floor... Ya like that, Chief, huh? Shit! This is too much! Chief, I tell you we're gonna bust outta this place an' make it all the way to Canada before they know what bit 'em. Goddammit, you sly son-of-a-bitch! Does anybody else know? Say... God Bless America! Say it again. Come here a minute, Cheswick. You, too, Sefelt. Hey, all you guys, come over here, I wanna show you somethin'. I dunno. Where do ya wanna go? Hey, what's that? They must be up there! Charlie, ya can't ever let those goons outta ya sight! Understand! Where's Martini and Scanlon? Shhh... That's for me to know an' you to find out. Shhh... I'm leaving. Goodbye! Hey, Cheswick! Wake up! Let me get on your shoulders. Come here! Ha! Did ya see that! Hey, Cheswick! It's your dirty roll, Cheswick. Atta boy, Cheswick! That okay. I'll take your marker. How many ya want? What for? Like hell we will! We got the muscle standing right here. All we need is a couple gaffin' hooks and some rope. He's a big flounder. Could weigh two, three hundred. You got to lift him in with a winch. We'll go back just as soon as we find those guys! 'Kay? Shhh... So long, Freddy. Don't take any wooden nickles. Huh? Tell 'er to go straight to hell! Hey, Harding, wake me in an hour. Scanlon out! You can come back later! I'm the coach! I said out! Time in! Hold it! Time out! I said Harding out! I was open! Come on, let's play ball! Ya deaf! I said pass the ball! Plan?... Oh, yeah, the plan... Yeah... I'm busting outta this place. Ya owe me twenty-five bucks. Well, it doesn't hurt him either! Does it, Chief! See, it doesn't hurt him. Jump! An' put it in! I'm not talkin' to him! I'm talkin' to myself! It helps me think! I know, goddammit! You don't have ta tell me that! Just warmin' up. Yeah... Okay, stand aside, you guys! You're usin' up my oxygen! Okay, Harding, you're on. You heard me the first time! You're fuckin' A-right, I am! With this thing! I'm gonna put this thing right through the window, that's how! That's between me an' myself. So why don't you boys just shove off. I got some planning to do. It is to me! An' if I hafta bust way outta this place to see it, I will! What's the use! Hooee! It'd do you birds some good just to get a little exercise lifting your arms to vote! Hell, I couldn't get it up over old hatchet-face if ya paid me! You boys seem to think you've got a champ in there, huh? Is that your sense of humor or are you tryin' to say somethin'? Lobotomy? What for? Tell 'er to go to hell anyway! She ain't peckin' at your eyes, buddy. Did to you and all the rest of you guys. I'm not talking about Fred Yoong or Maxwell Jones, buddy, what I'm talkin' about is that crummy meeting and what that nurse did to you! That's right, buddy. And you want to know who pecks the first peck? Well, say, buddy, is that the usual pro-cedure for those Group Ther'py shindigs? Bunch of chickens at a peckin' party? I'm seeing what a busy man does. Your buddy is callin' ya. Okay, Martini. That's okay. Now you watch me. Whadaya doin', there's no one there! Shhh. Wait a minute. You guys are gonna screw up my plans. So just gone on back to bed like nothin' happened. Bye-bye. Psst! Hey, Martini, wake up! Right! You need four houses on every lot of the same color, Martini. Now let's go, for Christsakes. Yeah, an' I'm tellin' ya, she's just an icy-hearted over-the-hump gal who never got enough of the old wham-bam to straighten 'er out... Okay, who wants a card? Wait a minute, Martini, I can't hear a thing. What? That's twenty up, Martini. Hey, Taber, who's pitching the opening game? Big king... little deuce... another king... a lovely lady... big ten... and a trey... hey, hey, whadaya say? Ya hit or sit, Martini? Whadaya bet, Cheswick? That's a dime, Martini. 'Kay, place your bets. Sorry, buddy, I'm clean outta change... Yeah, buddy? Replacement coming in! Harding out! Time out! Candy. Candy, over here. Hey, Doc, time out. When? Guidance and assistance! That's insane! Doc, ya gotta help me. Jesus, that old nurse sure wants my ass in a sling, don't she! Come on, Doc, you must be kiddin'. Shoot, Doc, the only one I'm disturbing is that old nurse and her fixed ways. That's all. Come on, Doc, you know as well as I do what's been comin' down in that loony bin. Just fine, Doc... In fact, I think I might've put on a couple of pounds since I got here. Well, I was turnin' this dilemma over in my head, when I happened to hit on that old tub room out there, an' I said to myself, McMurphy, I said, that place would make a great second day room. A sort of game room for the young fellas. Whadaya think, Doc? You bet, Doc! No, this is my first trip, Doc. Doc, what can I tell ya? That's correct, Doc ... I don't, Doc... Well, ya know, Doc... Doesn't it say so there? To tell the truth, ever since I found my natural callin' I done time in so many small-time jails I could write a brochure... They say I'm a habitual hassler. Like I fight some. Sheeut. They didn't mind so much when I was a dumb logger and got into a hassle. That's a hardworkin' feller blowing off steam, they say. But if you're a gambler, all you have to do is spit slantwise and you're a goddamned criminal. Yeah, but you know how society persecutes a dedicated man. Poker! Hell, Doc, I've been everything from a hoopla man with a two-bit carny show to a top mechanic and bull goose catskinner for every gypo loggin' operation in the Northwest till the Army taught me what my natural bent was. McMurphy, Doc. R.P. McMurphy. Yup! Worked right outta Depoe Bay for just about every season since I was able to haul my own weight. Why, I'll betcha there must be a million albacore and tuna running of the coast right this minute. Man, there sure is an awful lot of poontang around here. I'm not upset. All I wanna know, for the lovva Jesus... Look, miss, I don't like swallowing something without knowing what it is! What's the horse pill for, honey? All I'm askin' is... Pardon me miss, but would you mind turning... Shhh! 'Kay, let's see... Cheswick first ... then Billy... Martini... Scanlon... Sefelt... Fredrickson... Taber an' the Chief... 'Kay Shhh... Remember this is a privilege, so I don't want none of you goons fuckin' up. Kay? Shhh. Hold it down! I'll take you guys down, but ya gotta come right back up! 'Kay? Breakfast! Hell, I know just the place where we can chow down an' thaw out before we shoot back on home. 'Kay? I'm not going back in there. I told ya this was a one way trip. Now stand aside. Shhh! This way! Out. It's the way out. So just keep it in your minds if ya ever wanna make use of it. You're on. Let's go! An' keep it quiet. How much ya wanna bet? Oh, yeah? Shhhh. Time to say goodbye. Up an' at 'em, Taber. You're on! All right! You want me to show ya! You want me to show ya how! Put your money where your mouth is, Taber. You think it's funny, huh? You're breathin' right now. How do ya know that? You look pretty healthy to me. What's troubling ya, buddy? No, 'fraid not... Yeah, buddy? Martini out! Shhhh. See ya around the ball park. Scanlon! Hey, Scanlon, wake up! Okay. Who else? You just come on with that three fifty and Martini will take care of himself... Your dice, Scanlon. That right? Hey, how's it look up there, big boy? Sure... Yeah, that's a good idea, Turkle. Why don't ya take Rose on a little tour of our facilities... Now, wouldn't you pray for twenty bucks, a bottle booze an' a piece of that angel cake? You's better believe it, brother! Come an' see. I tell ya, there's an angel of mercy standing out there, Turkle. Our prayers have been answered, Turkle! Our prayers have been answered! 'Kay... Prayin', brother. Prayin'. Yeah... Well, see ya around, Itsu. You comin' in to hold my hand? You know, I never got your name. You an' me, Chief. What are they? Hey, how ya doin'? Just great! See ya around! Hey, how ya doin', cutie? Sure, she understands what you mean. She's not dumb. Why do you think Rose came to visit us? Rose is very interested in hospitals and hospital facilities. Aren't you, Rose? Sure, I know Chuck. I know him. He's in charge. He can't hear you, Rose. He's just a big deaf an' dumb indian... Yeah... He's a patient, Rose... How's your ass been holdin' up, honey? I don't have any. Hey, Martini! Psst! Scanlon! Ya dumb goons, come back here! Come on, let's get 'em! Ya-hoo, let's'play ball! Maybe I'll just use that thick skull of yours as a batterin' ram, Sefelt. That me an' my buddy, Cheswick, we'll be downtown tomorrow watchin' the ballgame while you suckers are sittin' around this goddamn nursery! Yeah, how much you wanna bet? Yeah! Hit, you say? Well well well and with a king up, the boy wants a hit. Whadaya know. So comin' at you and too bad, a little lady for the lad and he's over the wall and down the road, up the hill and dropped his load. P.A. What the hell is that? Hi. Thank you, ma'am, After you, ma'am. Ya know, I ain't never been in an institution of psychology before. Yes, sir, I sure am gonna enjoy my stay here. Yes, ma'am... Yes, sir, it's a mighty nice fall day... Hey, Billy, stop cryin'. You don't have to cry... You ain't got nothin' to be ashamed of. She ain't gonna tell you mother... stop crying... We got your black ass now, Washington, wanna bet another twenty? Ya fuckin' coon, you're not on the ward now! What kind of crap is that??? You're a witness, Doc! Bet! How 'bout twenty? Hey, Sam, bet ya two bucks ya lose. Asshole. Who do you like in the opening game, Sam? Don't know if I can hold it that long, Sam. Stand aside, Sam, Nature's callin'.And you haven't heard the last of this! I want those men put back to bed, Mister Turkle! You've been drinking on the job again, haven't you, Mister Turkle! What are these men doing up wandering around? At this hour? The lights were flashing on and off, Mister Turkle. Is everything all right? Oh, there you are, Mister Turkle.He is! Gary Blinker's fulla shit! Jesus God... My turn. Yeah, it's cold! Me too! Me too! Me, too! Me, too! Gimme the ball! No! Yeah, what's up? A dime. Gimme those dice. I'll blow this board to pieces. Here we go... Lebenty leben, count me over eleven, Martini... He can't hear you. He's just a deaf and dumb Indian! Got a cigarette?Time out! Time out! We'll let you know. I'm sorry, but I can't keep you here. No, Mister McMurphy, it's just that we cannot offer you the guidance and assistance that you would receive at Pendleton. I'm afraid not. Yes, that may be so, but in making a careful study of your past record, along with your behavior since you arrived here, my feeling is that you are not mentally ill and it is going to be my recommendation that you be returned to Pendleton where they are better equipped to handle your case. Yes, well, Miss Ratched feels that you're a disturbing influence on the other patients. Good, good, and how are you getting along on the ward? How are you feeling? It is worth considering... Miss Ratched? Good. Good. Well, you're here for a ninety-day observation period, Mister McMurphy. I'd like you to understand you are here on a court order and we are responsible to the state. So, I'd like your cooperation! Ah, it seems you have no other psychiatric history, Mister Murphy? The doctor at the prison states: 'Don't overlook the possibility that this man may be faking psychosis to escape the drudgery of the work farm...' What do you say to that? Arrested on an assault charge five times... Well, according to the Warden at Pendleton, you were a disturbing influence on others. 'It appears that there is a potential in him for instigating a revolt among the other inmates.' What do you think of that report? Yes... Ah, do you know why you're here? I see... In what way? I see. Oh, what was that? My, my... Ah, who are you? Is that so? Oh, do you do much fishing? Oh, what's that? Hold it!Yeah, we'll miss breakfast! Yeah, take us back to the dumbwaiter, Mac. Somebody's coming! I don't believe it... Ten bucks. Yeah! Bullshit. You ain't got no way out! What's going on? I'll bet a buck you don't do it! Yeah, yeah, show me. Show me how! Yeah, yeah, you're a fucking phony, McMurphy! Yeah, you don't know how to get outta this place! Because I quit breathing. I'm the next one. I want you to write me a letter to my brother for a hundred dollars to bury me. Are you a doctor?I'll be very glad to show you around, Miss... Ah'm on my knees, brother, ah'm on my knees. Ah believe ya, brother. Ah believe ya! That angel of mercy, he ain't a she, is he? Hallelujah, brother, now get back in bed! Oh yeah... I thought I told you boys to go to bed! Well, you boys finish it up an' climb back into your beds. 'Kay? What you boys doin' up at this ungodly time o' the night? Yes, ma'am... Yes, ma'am... Ah, no, ma'am... well, yes, ma'am... A man get awful lonely at night, if ya know what Ah mean, ma'am... Ah guess the natives are restless, ma'am... Cleanliness is a twenty-four-hour job, ma'am... Jus' cleanin' up, ma'am. Why, sure, ma'am... Evenin', ma'am. Oh, I'm all through talkin'. Now, let's just you an' me trip on down that hall. You better believe it, you sweet little thing. You better believe it... Now, Miss. What do you want with twenty zombies when you got a twenty gun salute looking you right in the face. Well, I'm running a risk by letting you in, Miss. You know I'm runnin' a risk of gettin' my black ass fired. If you understand what I mean... I don't know anything about that, Miss. I would have to examine you first... Oh, I see. He was a very sick man. Very sick. Is he in an asylum? Well, Miss... I would say... I would say, yes. Yes, he's crazy. Not exactly, Miss. Not exactly. Shhh, please, Miss. Keep it down... Oh, no, Miss. Not these loonies. These are nice guys. Nice guys. They're sleeping, Miss. They're sleeping. An' we gotta keep it down so we don't disturb their sleep. Oh, that. That ain't nothin' to be afraid of, ma'am. Just ol Chief Bromden. That's all... What? What happened? Shhh... let's move it away from the window...Yes, Miss Ratched... Yes, Miss Ratched... Yes, Miss Ratched? Yes, Miss Ratched... Yes, Miss Ratched? Yes, Miss Ratched! No way... Take you han's offa me! Jus' playin' the game, sucker... Bet you ass... Now you talkin'. Shit, man, tha' ain't even worth considerin'. Huh? Tha's your problem. Nobody leaves here till seven thirty.It's as if we were glued to the spot. Janet! He might be. I don't know. He was a Science Teacher at Denton High. I was telling the truth. I told you, my car broke down. You promise you won't tell? Like this. Like how? It's your fault - you're to blame. I thought it was the real thing. Ahhh - no - stop - I mean Janet. Janet. You tricked me. I wouldn't have - I've never - never. Why you - what have you done with Janet? You! Certainly not! Made me give you the eye And then panic, I've one thing to say and that's Dammit, Janet. I love you. So please don't tell me to can it. The future is ours so let's plan it. And that's all the time that it takes For a heart to beat again. So give me a sign That a lover makes You look around The one you've found Is back again. So baby don't cry like there's no tomorrow After the night there's a brand new day. And there'll be no pain And no more sorrow. So wash your face And phone my place It'll be O.K. And that's all the time that it takes For a heart to turn to stone The sweeter the wine The harder to make the break You hear something about someone You'd thought you'd known. Janet! Oh! Yes it's alright. Janet. Everything's going to be alright. No, don't do that. It's alright Janet. Everything's going to be alright. It's alright Janet. Weiss. I'm Brad Majors and this is my fiancee, Janet Vice. It's alright Janet, we'll play along for now and pull out the aces when the time is right. We'll just say where we are Then go back to the car We don't want to be any worry. I'm here, there's nothing to worry about. They're probably foreigners with ways different from our own. - They may do some more folk dancing. Let's wait awhile Janet. We don't want to interfere with their celebrations. We can't go anywhere until I get to a phone. It's just a..a party Janet. For God's sake keep a grip on yourself Janet. Say! Do any of you guys know the Madison? Oh, it's probably some kind of hunting lodge for rich weirdos. Yes. Just a moment, Janet. They may have a telephone. There's no point both of us getting wet. Didn't we pass a castle back down the road a few miles? Maybe they have a telephone I might use. You'd better sit here and keep warm while I go for help. We must have a blow-out. Hmmm ... Well, I guess we will have to turn back. I think we took the wrong fork a few miles back. Yes, Janet. Life's pretty cheap to that type. Dammit, Janet. Oh Janet I really loved the skilful way You beat the other girls To the bride's bouquet. I've got something to say. And Ralph himself will be in line for promotion in a year or so. Everyone knows Betty's a wonderful little cook. Good God. I most certainly do. He happens to be an old friend of mine. Great scott - Scotty - Dr Everett Scott. Uh - oh - Hi! My name is Brad Majors. And this is my fiancee, Janet Weiss. I - ah - wondered if you could help us. Our car has broken down about two miles up the road. Do you have a phone we might use?Yes, well perhaps it was for the best. You're OK by me. You did right. Great Heavens, that's a laser.You are - so quake with fear, you tiny fools. Rocky! Hmmmm. He'll be in the Zen Room. And now he works for your Government, doesn't he, Brad? He's attached to the Bureau of Investigation of that which you call U.F.O's. Isn't he, Brad? I know what you told me, Brad. But this Dr Everett Scott. His name is not unknown to me. I see. So this wasn't simply a chance meeting. You came here with a purpose. On my mother's grave. Oh come on, Brad, admit it. It was enjoyable, wasn't it? There's no crime in giving yourself over to pleasure. Shush. Janet's probably asleep by now. Do you want her to see you like this? I know, but it wasn't all bad was it? I think you found it quite pleasurable. Oh so soft. So sensual. Nothing. Why do you think I should? I'm afraid so, Brad. But wasn't it nice? Oh well. How about you. Do you have any tattoos Brad. What guy What a guy Cross my heart and hope to die. Well, I'm sure you're not spent yet. Ssssh. Brad's probably asleep by now. Do you want him to see you like this? I know. But it wasn't all bad was it? In fact, I think you found it quite pleasurable. Mmmmm so soft, so sensual. Nothing. Why, do you think I should? I didn't make him for you Cards for sorrow, Cards for pain. Free to try and find a game Like I'm outside in the rain Smile and that will mean I may Want to come again and stay Was all I had to say On the day I went away. So come up to the Lab. From Transexual Transylvania.Yes. You know this earth - this person. You're wet. Hello. You must leave now Dr Scott while it's still possible. We are about to beam the entire house back to the planet of transexual in the galaxy of Transylvania. Go now. Dr Scott I'm sorry about your nephew. A decision had to be made. Yes, Dr Scott. A laser capable of emitting a beam of pure anti-matter. The delivery boy. The Master is not yet married. Nor do I think he ever will be. We are simply his servants. No. You've arrived on a rather special night. It's one of the master's affairs. I think you had better both come inside. But it's the pelvic thrust that really drives you insane. Our noble mission is almost completed my most beautiful sister, soon we will return to the moon-drenched shores of our "androgenous" planet. They didn't like me. They never liked me. Creature of the night.No no no no. No no no no. No no no no. Oh no no no no. No no no, no no. Oh, no no, no no. My high is low. I'm dressed up With no place to go. And left from my dreaming Was a feeling Of un-nameable dread.Well, it's a small town. Sooner or later things catch up with you... don't they? She's a very groovy girl. That's the problem. No, it's a very groovy girl. I am... except I've gotta do somebody at their house. Look, would you argue with your doctor? It's great. You wanna speak to Mary? Hold on... Yeah, baby, how's it going? Chicken salad, Devra! Yeah, baby. Things are great. Listen, there's Devra, whatta you want? Holy Christ. You want to get us killed? She's a friend of Jill's. Well she... But aren't you... No, that's okay, I'll do It now. Hi. That's great. You look great, baby, great. Dennis, look at Felicia's hair. I know. No, I know. She's fine. You really think I'd be a good investment? -- Anyway. I don't know. Just a minute... Hey, listen, baby, I'm a star. What about? Your husband? All I ever do is play. I should be doing something to get my own shop open. I don't know. I'm beginning to feel guilty. Whatever you say. You're looking great, baby. Jesus, I don't know, baby, I been cutting too much hair lately. I'm losing all my concepts... What kind of treatment? I'm coming, baby -- How's Otis doing, anyway? I'll have Mary wash you. Mary! I don't want to place you in any position -- What? -- What? Calm down, baby. But you don't know what happened. I gotta talk to you. I'll be right back, baby, really. I'll be back in a while. And listen, I'll be right back and I want your ass in that bed when I get back. I've gotta give her some pills. Percodan, she ran out. Wow. She did? I know. I don't know. Yeah, I think so. She's got a... These attacks... it's got something to do with her... uh... pancreas. I'll be right back, it's just that this girl is a different girl... she has attacks. Listen, baby, don't leave, really. I'm not. I mean I've gotta see this friend of mine for a few minutes. My keys. No. Right now? Look... Do you wanna fuck me? You are. You are. That you're just like your mother. No. Yeah... Yeah. No shit. No kidding. Yeah, it is. What? ... just, you could look very heavy... I'd like to do your hair sometime. Am I what? Yeah... I've made it with a girl... Have you ever made it with a girl? What would my being a faggot have to do with that? Why do you wanna know so bad? Gee, this is great. ... yeah. Yeah. No thanks. No thanks. I do her hair, yeah. No thanks. A little. Yeah. I've got the customers... that's my point. I'm the one they want. If I had my own shop, they'd leave and come to me. I have a lot of customers. Her hair, I do Barbara Rush. Well, I do Barbara Rush. I guess not... They are? Well, yeah... you know. Right, that's right. Right. Great. She is. Great. Right. Look, Norman, I'm not the shampoo girl. Somebody's going to have to wash Mrs. Young. Mary's not here. Devra, try Jackie Shawn will you? And if you don't reach her, keep trying. Oh fuck, Norman! I've got heads here, Norman. Buffums? Yeah. What for? Don't leave me... Don't go, Jackie... I don't know... Jackie? So what? You don't love him, do you? Answer me. What's too late about it? Look, we're not dead, are we? That's the only thing that's too late. So I'm saying it... Jackie... Jackie?... answer me, for God's sake, answer me. I want to marry you. I want to take care of you and I want your children, and I want you to be my girl. That's all I want. That's all I want out of my life, and it's a lot. No -- -- It's Malone's. It's not okay, I mean we've got to talk now. Where are you going? Look about last night -- Where are you going? Why? I've got to leave? -- good afternoon -- -- Jesus -- I can't imagine being with Jill when she's fifty years old. I can't imagine not being with you. -- last night I dreamt I was fifty years old and Mary told me I was supposed to meet Jill at the shop. It seared me shitless. -- we're kidding ourselves. -- do you want ice? Not me, pal. -- yes, you -- Look who's talking. Mmmm -- -- mmm -- -- what? -- where'd you go? -- sure. Am I entertaining you? -- yeah. What are you looking at? He never stopped. Sammy's? That sounds like me. You were great. No you didn't. You were great. -- what? -- you are. Jackie, can we -- -- we can't now. Sweetheart, you're drunk. C'mon, cunt, you're going for a walk. Don't do it. You don't do that anymore, do you? Looks like somebody took a dump in it, that's the worst color job I've -- Jesus Christ, there's Norma Stern. Look at her hair. -- this guy with Jill. -- oh yeah... what do you know about this guy? Look, either come in or stay out! Sit down! Sit down. I know... you don't know, I know. I don't want to... I swear... Yeah, baby... One of my few virtues is discretion. Baby... Now, baby... if I told you about her... then you couldn't count on me not telling anymore... could you? Yeah? Hey, I don't tell. Did I what? What? I won't screw you up. I just have to do one little thing. Did Lester know about him? Boy, that sauna is really... can't you turn it down or something? Did you? And? Why not? Why not? Do you? You still see him? Jackie, would you argue with your doctor. Yeah... wow. It's hot in here. Whew. Yeah... I mean great. Great. Okay. No, I'm sure. Yeah, I think so... I'd cut it... Probably the bathroom. No, thanks. You going to tell him? Yeah -- he doesn't happen to know that we went together, does he? I'm sure. How long you had this? Great... so how's everything with you? I don't know. Probably not. -- Listen, I'm supposed to take Jill to El Cholo tonight. She's really going to be pissed if I don't. -- Yeah... your car down here? Great. Who's been doing your hair? Don't talk like a child. You're a pro, now get out there and cut! I'm busy, man. Yeah?... Oh yeah? Hey, what's happening? Mary! Telephone. What's the matter? She's heavy. See, Norman expects me to get in here, take care of all the customers and then do his show out in Norwalk. I gotta have my own shop, just out of self defense. What? No, man. -- c'mon, I'll get you home... -- how did you get here? -- why did you come in today? -- please, please forgive me... -- oh -- sweetheart... -- Otis? What's wrong, Mary, are you drunk? Look, I've had a rough night, one of the roughest I've ever had, now I'm not in the mood for any sulking bullshit, what's wrong? Are you sick? Are you drunk? Can you work? I don't know if you don't know -- -- White ladies? -- Oh yeah. -- A brillo pad, I don't care, anything. Wash her. Okay... thanks... I guess you haven't heard from her yet. -- yeah, this is -- I don't have your number, stop by the shop. Great, great. I hope you make it. Hey, baby, what's happening? Hey, stop by the shop. That's too bad. What did you say? What did you say? What did you say? Did you? Did you? Yeah, I know. Did you? Did you? -- tell me something -- did you talk about me? That's all you've got to say? Does it make you happy? What? What? What? What? What? Jesus. How? -- please, baby -- Baby, don't do this -- Baby, please don't... I love you. What difference does it make? What do you wanna know for? Obviously. Baby, don't do this. I do love you. Where did this come from? Well, did you get a job out of it at least? You told him I was here and he wanted to know if I was beating you up. That was him. Oh, Christ. Didn't you, baby? You did fuck him, didn't you? You didn't plan on fucking him tonight. Well that's something. How come you took your own car? I do, Jill. I don't want to fight either. Look... uh -- I love you. -- okay -- -- I'll see you later. Your house. -- well aren't you -- I've got to get her out of here. Now, Jackie -- Television or movies? What does he direct besides traffic? Maybe I should get a dog... no, it would just shit all over the house and I'd never clean it up. Wait a minute, God-damn-it. Do you think I want to go to some God damned party? I'm trying to get that God damned shop open. I'm trying to get a little bread together. That's all I'm doing. What do you mean, what is it? It's some political bullshit. Look at the way I live. A business meeting, I told you that. Who? Where's your car? Jill says nothing. Nothing, I'll call you, okay? Neither do I, baby. I'll call you. I'll call you. When I get off work. Look, baby, can we talk about it later? Right now? They didn't offer you the job yet. What do you want? Just a second, I'll be right with you... Honey, have they offered you the job? Going where? About what? Baby, I'm in the middle of work. Yeah, baby. Okay. Hey, baby, say hello to Felicia. Great... can we talk later? Oh, great, listen, baby, I gotta get back, okay? Go where? Yeah. Hey, I'm, you know -- Great. Yeah, baby... Jill, say hello to Felicia. Great. Hey, baby, what's happening? Okay, baby. Okay... What! Okay... Night, baby. I'm around you and I like you, don't I? Of course I like children. -- Sure. We live together now. Yeah, baby. Hey, baby -- I'm gonna retire with you. Yeah. You're great. You're different. I am, I am. But I've had it with chicks. They're like an occupational hazard. Six guys working for me... I'm gonna retire or settle down or something. I just came from a meeting... I can't talk about it now, baby. But in a few days -- see I'm disgusted with my life. When I was a little kid, I used to want to go to Europe but right now wherever I am I'm gonna be in Europe. Right now -- I'm at the epitome of my life. Right now I feel so good I'm afraid something's gonna happen. I'm gonna open the shop, baby, I'm gonna open the shop. I'm getting it together. Great, great, fantastic. Fantastic. Incredible. Incredible, really incredible. How are you, baby? Nobody's gonna get you but me! Keep moving -- You'll do what I tell you. Now get the fuck inside. Nobody's gonna get you. Now get inside. No shit? You said somebody... who? Who? What? Well, like what? What's gonna happen? Well, it's a big canyon. Honey, I'm sorry but I've gotta get back... just for a minute. Where? What're you talking about? Well, baby, I'm George and it needs to be cut. But I don't want to place you in that position either. Said what! You need a cut. No. What're you here for? What? Yes I do. No, man, no. You can say everybody's a whore. She's okay. I mean Jackie'll fuck around but not that much. Somewhere she really likes you, Lester, and it's not just the bread. She's okay. No -- Lester, it just happened. What about her? I don't either, Lester, I swear to you I don't. Oh yeah... Hey, you were never going to give me the money. Who? I know. Okay, thanks. No thanks. Oh, fuck, Lester, how should I know? Oh, are you kidding, man? She hates her. We're always trying to fuck them... they know it and they like it and they don't like it... that's just how it is... look, it's got nothing to do with you, man. It just happened. Felicia's got nothing to do but shop and get her hair done and she knows she's getting older... her daughter hates her, what's she going to do, go to PTA meetings? ... how am I gonna tell you what they have against you? I mean Jesus fucking Christ, they're women, aren't they? Have you ever listened to women talk, man? Have you? Well I do, I do 'til it's fucking coming out of my ears. I'm on my feet all day, every fucking day, listening to women talk and you know what they talk about, don't you? Being fucked up by some guy. That's all that's on their minds. I'm sure you've done something they could get pissed off about, what's that got to do with it? All women are pissed off, man, all of 'em. They fucking hate us! Don't you know that? Didn't they tell you? What, do you think I planned it? Then don't... just have 'em beat me up or whatever you're gonna do. I'm not anti-Establishment. What can I say! Hey, have 'em put me away, or whatever you're gonna do, okay?... I'm too tired to lie, I'm too tired to tell the truth... I'm too tired for anything. Oh Jesus Christ. But... Now wait a minute... Well, what? Look, Lester... are you unhappy with me about something? Well... who are those guys? Yeah. How long have you been here? Well yeah, otherwise it just sort, you know, lies there -- layer so it kind of fluffs out -- This really ought to be layered... No it keeps the skin peeling. You've got to keep the follicles open. You lose hair and the skin grows over the follicle and that's how you lose it. Well -- I could try. Do you wash your hair every day? Well anyway... -- yeah? I don't know what to... Oh, hey... ... this doing hair it's... It's nerve wracking sometimes... women can get you very upset. That, and... I'll be done in a minute. ... she's very upset... That's okay, that's okay, just shut the door. I know what you mean. Oh yeah? Okay. Tonight? When? Oh yeah? I mean I know. Oh yeah. Sure. You're right. They're not? Thank you. After a while that hurts... doesn't it? I'm better than the guy I work for. In a way. But... Yes it is. Oh, well, I went to beauty school... you know you go to beauty school... and you get your operator's license... and you graduate... and you're a hairdresser. Thank you. Well, yeah.Hello. Okay. I guess so. I guess so. It isn't? No. Her? No. I don't know, kill herself. She's O.D.'d four times. No, baby. Now look, that girl that called -- I have to talk to her, she'll do something. Hey, I tried to get her off the phone. Let it ring. Uh-uh. Nobody can hear it. ... what?... Okay, okay... I'll call you back... I'll call you back. No. No. I... uh... I... uh... can't. Wasn't sure it was you. Yeah, yeah -- 'bye. Okay. What do you mean? I'll call you back. Yeah.See you later. I'll call you. Oh yeah? I have to meet a client... who're you dating? Jackie, what're you doing?What are you talking about? Yes and you don't have to be sarcastic about it, that's a beautiful thing he's doing -- some people do more than go to the beauty parlor and shop at Saks -- -- yes, we're all trying to do something to make this a better country to live in, believe it or not. That's okay too. Can't we go into this later, sweetheart? -- what, who? Oh she's very nice, yes -- I mean normally --- Yes, sweetheart, shh. Why would I like to know if there's nothing I can do about it, goddammit -- What do you expect me to do about it? -- yes, Senator -- just a minute, dear -- It's just -- fabulous. Think you could do anything for me? No, doll, I listen to you. And if a deal loses money that's not so bad either if it's handled right. What? You suggested it, don't you think it's a good idea? Maybe he's too flighty and irresponsible. That's why I asked if he was a fairy. I'm thinking of investing with him. He worries me. Maybe he's just a kooky guy who likes doing something kooky like that. That kid... the hairdresser. Do you think George is a fairy? Yeah, the clap. That's what she thinks. But who knows -- I don't know. Oh, by the way, I think you oughta know -- Lorna thinks she's got the clap. I'm finished with her. You really think so? Just a whore, I go over there, have a few drinks and get my gun off. I'm through with her, she's nothing but a whore. She's nothing but a whore. I mean, how did that happen? What about Jackie? Yeah,, it goes up a little and then it goes down, maybe Nixon will do something. What's the difference, they're all a bunch of jerks. I wouldn't let 'em run my business, I can tell you that much. Not if I had any choice in the matter. I don't know what to do with you. I don't know, I don't know what's right or wrong anymore. ... You can lose it all; you can lose it all no matter who you are... I don't know, what's the point of having it all. Look at me. I don't have a goddam thing... the market's terrible right now, went down ten points last week, goddam Lyndon Johnson! I was gonna give you the money. Probably I was. Shit, I don't know, I don't know anything anymore. Me! Hell of a way to treat a business partner, that's all I can say. I'll have to wash one out. You don't have a clean glass in the house. Have a drink. Want a drink? Well, I don't know. Why, why do you think that is? Do you think Lorna hates her? I don't think she hates her. I mean she may resent her a little... ... yes, I follow your thinking on that. I wanna hear it from you! Did they have something against me? Was it me, did you have something against me? No, not yet, not yet. You worry about it for a while, I've been worrying all night, now you can worry. That's got nothing to do with it... You're so beyond my comprehension I can't even discuss it with you. I wanna know your thinking, I wanna know how someone like you thinks. Did you think you could get away with it, did you think you could put something over on me? Does a guy like you get his kicks sneaking around behind people's backs and taking advantage of them? Maybe that's your idea of being anti Establishment! I wanna hear about it. I wanna hear about it, George. I wanna hear about it. I said sit down! Sit down. Godammit, George... Yeah, I'm unhappy with you about something. What do they look like?... All night. You live like a pig. Layered? Isn't that bad for it? Your hair looks -- well fabulous. See she doesn't drink too much. -- do me a favor, kind of keep your eye on Jackie, she's a little high strung tonight -- Son, we'll do business, I can tell you that. It's a difficult situation, and I want you to know I appreciate it. Tonight's going to be real tough for me -- George, I know you have to deal with Felicia and you're caught in the middle, and if you can just bear with me tonight, well, I appreciate the way you've handled the situation. I know it, son. But tonight's going to be even tougher. I know it, I know it. You look like you've had quite a work-out. What about, tonight? Sorry, honey, I... -- Anything, I don't care what it is, just so it's something. I wish my son knew what he wanted to do. -- maybe you could, on your way, you know, pick up Jackie here. Yeah, little election party I'm giving at the Bistro. It's a pain in the ass but -- I have to do it. We'll have a little time to talk there. When? So I'm going to want a little more of your thinking on the subject. Well, George, you may not think ten or fifteen grand means much to me, but I invest for myself and a lot of particular people. Felicia's really interested in the shop, isn't she? George, could you -- excuse us for a minute? Who needs that kind of aggravation? Who needs that kind of aggravation at my age? When I finish work I want to... No, they're a pain in the ass, there's no way of keeping track of anything. It's a cash business and you've got to watch your operators or they'll steal you blind, am I right or am I right? But personal services are not the kind of thing I usually get into. It's good you want to do something, George. Well, George, I invest for a lot of people. I make a lot of money for them. More than they could do for themselves. But what? But the important thing is you're successful at it. It's an unusual trade. I see. I didn't say it, she did. How'd you happen to get in that line of work? She says you're a fabulous hairdresser. Felicia says you're a very good hairdresser. Oh, dear that's too bad. -- get her out of here, get her out of here. Yes, Jackie Shawn, my wi -- Felicia. Hi, doll, what's wrong? C'mon, Jackie, I'm only trying -- George -- Who's the guy, George's boyfriend? Does she know about us? Who are they? Glad to meet you, Jill, Mr. Pope. George, glad you could make it, son. Hi, doll. Why not? Aren't you going to have one? They get hair all over the place. You ought to get rid of those dogs. I'd like a drink. Oh, I'm sorry. Maybe he ought to go to beauty school. Anyway, see you tonight, doll, okay? What's that? Look... you do well for people, they don't ask you to stop. Nobody wants you to stop making money, doll, not even Uncle Sam. They all want their share. It's very logical, it's the most logical thing in the world. You wouldn't feel this confined if we could go out with people and have dinner, and a little conversation and so forth... Of course not. Now listen, Jackie, I'm not jealous of anybody, I just can't afford to get caught... off base. I'm not jealous of the dogs. Then you were talking to him. Whatever his name is, that actor. My secretary saw you with that boy. Who were you talking to? I called to tell you I was sending one over but the line was busy, you're always on the phone. George is going to open a shop. Is that right? Is that right? How did you lose that key? Oh, George, this is uh Miss -- this is Jackie. -- just wonderful. Gee... that's wonderful, Jill. Jill. What did you say your name was, sweetheart? That's fine -- -- oh no, honey, I'll do that... -- listen, I wonder if you kids could give me a ride? I'm kind of stranded here. Oh that's no problem. -- take care of this boy's problem, will you, Gene? -- what's the problem, honey? Well... that's wonderful -- I'll stop by there for a drink. Oh, say, how would you kids like to stop off for a drink? Call me Les. Everything okay, son? No of course not. Have they sat down?You are today. You do it. What! You're late, George. Don't use that tone of voice with me... never mind, I'll take Gordon. You promised you'd do the show. Yes, Buffums. You're late, we're all backed up and you're supposed to go to Buffums. George!Not yet. -- yes, George. Jackie Shawn.Look, Mr. Roundy, why don't you make out a financial statement? It'll save us both some time. Miss Michaels here can show you... have it notarized and we'll see where we go from there. Miss Michaels, would you get me a couple of forms? I mean credit references, Mr. Roundy. Pardon me? What sort of references do you have? It's got nothing to do with inflation. Rates, for example, rise independently of tight money if you look at interest curves carefully. Historically, that's always been true, though most people don't realize it. After all, Mr. Roundy, we're paying six percent. Six percent. FHA's at eight and a half -- no, we won't be going back to the old days. Jesus, look at this. Nine, nine and three quarters -- that's our prime rate. And I'll tell you something else: the big boys are going for it. You do know what money's like these days. And you need money? So you want to go in business for yourself? I went to school with her husband. Wonderful woman. How is she? Oh yes. Mrs. Shumann called about you.I'm telling you he won't know the difference. -- he'll never know the difference. What's wrong? -- just before I ask you out? I can't do that. Let's get out of here before good old Les catches up with us again. Those Arabs won't be when they start chasing you around the sand dunes. You're going. Two weeks from tomorrow. You mean when are you going to Egypt? Of course not. -- these bastards have me hemmed in. Well -- as I see it we've got two choices. We can hang around here and wait for the bomb to go off, or we can go to my party. -- oh I don't know -- George is a hairdresser, isn't he? I don't think so. Then maybe you can tell me why George would be going into the ladies room. This other couple that we're here with, do you know them very well? Not with your hairdresser. -- oh, sure. A hairdresser. How... how do you a... meet a hairdresser? Good for you. What does he do? Is he an actor? I'm terribly sorry. My God, did I say that? I don't believe it. I see. You mean he just sort of fucks you. -- sort of a boyfriend? Is he an enemy? All right, forget this filth. Continue about your friend. Are you kidding? His hair's probably the most nutritious thing in here. See, you've reduced me to eating weeds. Sure. Go ahead, Jill, you can say it. Well, that's where the pyramids are and we want real pyramids in the ad. That's right. Well we'd love to, but we're going to another party. Where to, Les? Terrific. Now all I have to do is find my car keys. -- we're going to be here all night. Everybody but us. I think they're waiting for somebody to start dinner.Thanks for coming by. We'll let you know tomorrow. John... Do you have something against traveling? Are you married? Do you have children? Look, is there somewhere else you'd rather go? Maybe we can change our location. Three weeks. You seem disappointed.If I have to touch her again, I'll throw up! She's murdered her hair... you do something with her, I'm never going to touch her again. You were supposed to handle that bitch, she's always asking for you, and she was furious you weren't here. Wanda... I can't even stand to talk to her on the phone. She touched it! Then she played in it and got it all into something else. Now I don't know what it is! -- Right after I sprayed her? Do you know what that Lillian Bercovici just did?Yes. Well, whatever I am, I think I can get you whatever you'd like. Sid. Well maybe I can get you something.