Shut up! Shut up your damn mouth! Nothing will happen! I make the rules as I go!! Cubs do what I say! Always have! Always will! I got Cathedral and I'll never let go! For me? Better feel sorry for yourself, Sandman! I cut up a Sandman yesterday. They said I'd never get him... but I cut him up good, I did.Fish and plankton, sea greens and protein from the sea. It's all here -- ready -- fresh as harvest day. Fish and plankton, sea greens and protein from the sea... And then it stopped coming and they... ...came instead. So I store them here. I'm ready. And you're ready. It's my Job -- protein, plankton, grass from the sea. Regular storage procedure... the same as the other food... The other food stopped coming and they started. Wait for the wind! Wait and hear the birds sing over you! Up there. Nude. Imagine, a pair. Let me sculpt you and I will show you where the others have gone. Do you know how long all this will last? Not thirty years... or thirty thousand years... but thirty thousand years... and you'll be part of it. Ages will roll... Ages. And you'll be here... the two of you... eternally frozen... frozen... beautiful. You're a beautiful pair. Never a pair. I have never had a pair. Is that the wind? Not yet... You must hear my birds sing. Hiding? Yes! Hiding, hiding. From? From? From? You walked in. I saw you. Don't you remember? Anything to eat? Your turn. Are you too startled? Am I too removed from your ken? I'm neither machine nor man... but a perfect fusion of the two... and better than either. No human sculptor could match this greatness... don't you agree?Hurry... hurry... hurry. Do you have anything special in mind? Fine... Holly will get you ready. You're in good hands, believe me. I designed it myself. What'll it be... a face job or a full-body job? And I did it myself right on there. I am. It's a real privilege, Sandman.Why did you do that???!!! Why did you do that??!! What are you talking about?! I saw you let a Runner go? I saw you, Logan?? Tell me!! What's going on, Logan?! At Carousel tonight? Look... why don't you get into the water... you need it... more than I do. Of course. I think you've been skulling out too much. First Nursery and now stupid questions. What the hell took you so long? You? Why? You're already beautiful. Yes. But you look a little rusty to me -- what were you doing, wondering? I'm in my party mood. Only a few? You're just not trying. Come on. I don't want to miss the filing-in. There'll be some I know tonight, I think... The damned Yellows are getting out of hand. Those three ought to be in Cathedral. No business scrambling in Arcade... You missed something special. I don't know what makes you so curious. You have any idea who his seed-mother was? I never even visited Nursery before tonight. When you wonder, it slows you up -- you know? Well the minute you get a better idea you can stop wondering. You know, Logan -- you wonder a lot. Too much for a Sandman. Well, why not!? That's exactly how everything works. How else could the city stay in balance -- You have a better idea? Dunno... flameout maybe. Whatever happens, you can bet it's final. But who would want to find out? Why? Not in my time... You need a lift. Let's go to Arcade and celebrate... your alert successor... Logan-6. Had enough? Maybe, maybe not. What's the difference? Come on, Logan, let's get out of here before everybody finds out. You should've seen me take my last Runner... perfect. I backed him up against a residence pool and when he terminated... his hand... So now you've seen him... what's the difference awake or asleep? You are here. I couldn't believe it when they told me. What are you doing?No cubs over fifteen, Billy! Ever heard of a cub with a green flower? You'll leave Cathedral then, Billy, when you're on green, because they won't let a green stay here. If you try to stay the young ones will gut-rip you apart! Fourteen? Fifteen? Your days are running out. How long can you last? A year. Six months? What happens when you're sixteen and you go green? No, for you! How old are you, Billy? I feel sorry for you, boy! I'm a Sandman! What other food? How did they get in here? We're ready. All right. Now you keep your bargain. How do you want us? It'll be all right... That's better. How do you want us? There must be somebody else up here. I can't believe that he's -- Answer the question! Where do you send them? You know about Sanctuary! I know you do! You have to help us! You don't have a choice! It isn't your decision!! Tell us. Where do we go?! Where do we go from here??!! We were sent here and you know it. Others have been sent here. Where are they? Hiding? Where do you think we came from? How do you think we got here??!! We're hungry do you have anything to eat? All right -- what are you? I don't care... Just get it over with. Just the face. Your own work? Thanks. I thought you'd be older. I expected a Red. I didn't do anything, Francis! They've made us believe that... It has nothing to do with you. I'm fine... See you... Anybody we know? Did you? Did you ever see anybody renew? No -- it's that last Runner -- someone in 483 was trying to help him. I just might look in on New You 483 myself. That was a great shot you made. Who invited you? Now there's a few who could have been his seed-mother. You should have been with us in Nursery, Daniel. I'm positive I recognized him -- What an old, old man you're getting to be, Francis. Weren't you ever a Yellow? I bet you were even wilder than -- come on, Sandman. Well... you can't have them all. Of course not! I'm curious, not sick. Did you ever see Francis-8? No, but at least I wonder sometimes -- instead of doing that "one for one" song of yours. You sound like a sleepteacher with a stuck tape. But you don't know, you just say what everyone says. "One for one. One for one." Just wondered... what happens? Has anyone ever broken in to where the babies are? Even the alarm didn't wake him. Open your eyes once, idiot. It's not every day that a Sandman son is born. I'm telling you, Francis -- that's him! Turn this way. No, no... not you... YOU! Of course. I don't know where... I just took them for granted. It's our only chance. It's part of the hydrogalvanic system. The ocean tides are changed into energy somehow. Beloved wife... Sanctuary is the right to live... nothing more. But nothing less, either... Yes. You and I, Jessica. Jessica... listen to me... listen to me... The Lifeclocks made me kill Francis. They make people die or be killed every day. If I didn't try and destroy that... I couldn't live here or anywhere. Do you understand? Things change! Do you expect me to let things go on without trying to change them?! I'm going to try and tell people what we've seen and -- We can't. We're going back. What are we promising him? What can we possibly give him? No, there doesn't. Not really -- just so many want it to exist... so many who don't want to die... want it so much that a place called Sanctuary becomes "real". But it doesn't exist. It never existed. Just the hope. You want there to be one... that doesn't... One in a million, I suppose That sweet madman -- how could he come to exist? It could be... They all have names and numbers on them. I wonder what they are? I have never seen a face like that before. It must be the look of great age. Whoever he was he was terribly old. Of course. You know, Jessica. The Lifeclocks have no power outside. You're right... it must be near now. We'll find it. How would anyone know? Even if we find it -- we can never go back. It all seemed to make sense until Box. I won't. I doubt it. Why don't we rest here? We know we can eat these. Sooner or later, we'll have to try something. We'll be all right... We will... It feels like breath. It makes everything move. Your hair is moving. I guess so... I know I felt something I never felt before... and I didn't like it... not a bit. I'll tell you one thing... Sanctuary better be worth it. That's the last place for me to live now. I had to. I did kill... for the first time in my life I killed. You knew that I wasn't before, didn't you? Why did you stay with me? It doesn't make any difference anymore. It's brighter there... besides, we can't go back. Some kind of breeding pens... I suppose... They say people used to breed animals, fish, anything... ...to eat, of course. It's the only way. Why, Jessica? You're still a green. How will they know we're coming? You think Sandmen will? There's no other way for me, I'd rather take my chances with them... than with Francis. Will he find us and kill us? Yes... or one of the others. You know there's only one place to go now... Because he's my friend -- and I don't want to be killed by him -- or anyone. Are you taking me to them? Then -- why don't you leave me -- go to them -- explain That's nothing... there's a Sandman behind us, too and there'll be more soon. Take me to them. All right. But why? I didn't kill the Runner. Where? Sanctuary? Can you take me there? The Cubs. When they're flying on muscle there's no way to catch up. Without the dazzle, they'd just go past us -- -- too fast Just follow -- no matter how it seems... Let's see -- how long has it been? When did you begin to question Lastday? Uh-uh. Insane. Nurseries are better than any mother could be. Instead of what? Nine months inside a woman: We're all raised the same but most of us don't become cubs in Cathedral. They're like beasts. Wild. That's nice. Why not? Maybe she'll help me. You won't. You'd better stay here. A Runner... Cathedral. A woman. If you trusted me, you'd know. If you did know, you'd tell me. Maybe you'll think of something... That's tomorrow. Are you here to help me? And I never heard of Sanctuary. I don't have much time. Speak to your friends for me, Jessica... please... I let him go... believe me. A Runner gave it to me. It's different now. Help me. Both... running's what I'm interested in. You know something. I'm going to run. All right. You know. Of course. Maybe... sure... I couldn't get you out of my mind. But I wasn't sure you'd come. You're sure you don't want to try? What Quad do you live in? You're years away... I don't know why you're thinking of these things, much less talking about them. Want to try? Are you a 5 or a 6? But if you're one of the misfits... that's where I come in. So? Do what everyone does. Try like hell for renewal. You shouldn't even think such things... And you picked a strange person to say them to -- I'm not armed. Well? I'm listening. Let's have sex. I thought you were curious. About what? And now? And? But you put yourself on the circuit! Later. You're beautiful. Let's have sex. You felt sad. What's your name? I never 'killed' anybody in my life. Sandmen terminate Runners. Who brought you? Killed? Why do you use that word? Yes... probably he was renewed? Sad? What made you sad? Well then...? You prefer women? Please... no? You mean "not here" -- that's it? You're a private Available but particular. Don't worry. There's no one here but me. And you. What's wrong, Available? No -- Look, I'm in a hurry. It's all right with me. Is he here? A Sandman can get as sick of his face as anyone else. Where's the doctor? Hello. Can you make it back? I'm sorry. I know... We're going to try and get in this way. I don't think you can make it. Stay? They lived together all their years? Thank you. Tell me -- what do those words mean? "Beloved husband"... "Beloved son"... "Beloved wife"... I promise. We'll go on as soon as it's light. More... many more. To a city with thousands and thousands of people. We're leaving. Not yet. May we stay here for a while? We'd like to rest. Did your Mother or Father ever mention another place? What's beyond this place -- do you know? I'm sorry but I don't have anything to give you. No -- I'm sorry. It's not possible. Where are they? Mother and -- ? You knew your mother and father? What makes you think so? Have any other people ever passed through? Are there any other humans? How did you get here? What kind of place is this? How long have you been living here? No. Jessica goes back now. Take her back. Now! Go on back. Back outside, Jessica. Will there be someone to tell us where to go from there...? I don't know who you are. I'd like to thank someone. Logan-5... Francis-7, authorized duty quadrant. Intrusion accidental.No -- just there -- on the first level. Don't look for us. We'll see you. Too little? Too little. Okay, wait for me. Cheeks? Cheeks? Right. Too much, you think? Well? How do you like it?Oh, my... Where are you going? Of course... that's settled then. But just you remember your promise... I'll make the arrangements. They're put into the ground so they can be visited by the living... We'll have to bury him. I don't know... but it does. All this. All of it. "Macavity, Macavity, there's no one like Macavity, There never was a cat of such deceitfulness and suavity." You're both full of secrets like Macavity. Did you steal this? What kind of jewel is this? Mother and Father said so... you know? Yes... Yes indeed, everyone. Actually, they all have three. "The naming of cats is a difficult matter. It isn't just one of your holiday games. You may think at first I'm mad as a hatter when I tell you a cat must have THREE DIFFERENT NAMES." An ordinary name and a fancy name. That's two. Do you want to guess what the third one is? Yes, cats, of course. What else could they be? Cats. Of course each one has his own name too. Oh my... I'll try. Yes... Oh... I did so look forward to seeing all those people. Oh, yes... I think... My father was the husband and my mother was the wife. "Beloved" is a word they used -- to stay together. That's better than gold when it's cold. Is that really it? It doesn't seem very far. Will we be there soon? And all alive you say? Thousands and thousands... as many as my cats? Alive? What a pity. I was hoping you'd be here to bury me. All right. Are you ready to put him in? Of course you can stay. This belongs to the people. Never, never, ever. Nothing. No, no, no It isn't fair. I'll give you one of my favorite cats... a Jellicle cat. "Jellicle cats have cheerful faces, Jellicle cats have bright black eyes; They like to practice their airs and graces And wait for the Jellicle Moon to rise." They're beautiful. May I have one too please? Dead... they're dead... and buried. My parents thought so. Mother and Father. You know? But there may be a few around somewhere. Gracious... no. I have always been here... Just a place, I suppose... who knows? For as long as I can remember.My name's Holly... Holly 13. In ancient times they said my number was unlucky. Do you believe in luck? I like your face. Would you mind if Doc took a picture? I'd like him to give your face to somebody else. We don't get many Sandmen. I think we've only had one other since I've been here. Do you want to see Doc? Hello, Sandman.Someone will follow. When you come to the lock, he will tell you how to go on the other side. Jessica may go with you as far as the lock. It doesn't matter who we are. Follow the tunnel to the end. Clear Logan-5 and Francis-7. Break-in scanners report intrusion, identify.I can get you front and center. What do you like? I can get you Mets, Knicks, Rangers? Hell, I can get you the Mayor's box. You like ball games? It's hell out there all right. A real shit-eatin' war. I'll say this, though: It's bringing a lot of fantastic guns. The market's flooded. Colt automatics are all over. Vietnam? I saw it on your jacket. Where were you? Bet you got to handle a lot of weapons out there. You in Nam? Can't help but notice your jacket? Sure, here, take this card, go to this place and give 'em the card. They'll charge you, but there won't be any hassle. You can't carry in a cab even with a permit -- so why bother? Well, you're talking big money now. I'd say at least five grand, maybe more, and it would take a while to check it out. The way things are going now $5.000 is probably low. You see, I try not to fool with the small-time crap. Too risky, too little bread. Say 6 G's, but if I get the permit it'll be as solid as the Empire State Building. The .32's $150 -- and you're really getting a good deal now -- and all together it comes to, ah, seven eighty- five for four pieces and a holster. Hell, I'll give you the holster, we'll make it seventy-five and you've got a deal -- a good one. That's the Colt .25 -- a fine little gun. Don't do a lot of damage, but it's as fast as the Devil. Handy little gun, you can carry it almost anywhere. I'll throw it in for another $125. Some of these guns are like toys, but a Smith and Wesson, man, you can hit somebody over the head with it and it will still come back dead on. Nothing beats quality. You interested in an automatic? That's an expensive gun.Fuckin' One-Ball. One-Ball McCall? Support my kids. Can you dig it? Nice to meet ya, Travis. So long, Wizard. Say hello to Malcolm X for me. Well, if there's this many hackies inside, there must be lots of fares outside. And I'm gonna hustle 'em. For a fee. Truck drivers bring up Harlem Specials that blow up in your hand. But this guy don't deal no shit. Just quality. If you ever need anything, I can put you in touch. Well, you ever need one, I know a feller that kin getcha a real nice deal. Lotsa shit around. You run all over town, don't you, Travis? Look who's talking? Who else would stay up all night to catch the morning rush hour? Yeah. We went to Harvard together. A real skunk. And what happened? You said that? Yeah. What did you do? Could you see anything? No. Yeah, that's Blush-On. My wife uses it, Not rouge. Blush-On, they call it. Yeah. Hey thanks. That's real nice, Travis. You carry a piece? You need one? I mean, you handle some pretty rough traffic, huh? Where. Stick up? Stick up?Well, you should know, damn it, or who else would know? Pull over right here. Why don't you stick your goddamn head out of the goddamn window once in a while and find out about the goddamn fog! There isn't time for that. In other words, you don't know. The Empire State in fog means something, don't it? Do you know, or don't you? What is your number, cabbie? Listen -- I mean I just saw the needle of the Empire State Building. You can't see it for the fog!Well then check back tomorrow. Hell, we ain't that much fussy anyway. There's always opening on one fleet or another. Fill out these forms and give them to the girl at the desk, and leave your phone number. You gotta phone? We hire a lot of moonlighters here. You moonlightin? Military record? Education? Age? Physical? Criminal? Listen, son, you gonna get smart, you can leave right now. How's your driving record? You want to work uptown nights? We don't need any misfits around here, son. So whatja do now? There's porno theatres for that. So why do you want to be a taxi driver? Got your license? No trouble with the Hack Bureau?Sure, Henry. I got it all. We'll send you all the stuff all right. Sure. Look, um, if you give me your name and address, we'll send you the information on how to apply. Is that so? Oh? Why? Who? Why do you ask?Hey, mister, I don't know what's going on here. This don't make any sense. No. Hillbilly, you'd better get your wise ass outa here and quick, or you're gonna be in trouble. Wha -- ? Iris? What's going on? O.K., cowboy. Funny, you don't look hip. Well, if you are, it's entrapment already. Take it or leave it. I saw. $20 fifteen minutes. $30 half hour. Anything you say, officer. Here, officer, take me in. I'm clean. I didn't do it. Got a ticket once in Jersey. That's all. Honest, officer.Now look more closely. Look around the eyes and chin. See? See there? Just follow me. Betsy, come over here a moment. Show me how he did that again. I know that guy. His hand looks like a paw. An old Black guy, the newsstand at -- With the other hand, right? I don't know. Maybe they don't leave a canary. Don't be technical. What I'm saying is if this newsstand guy's Italian and his fingers are gone, maybe he's a thief. Don't be naive. They can't kill everybody. They have different punishments for different things. Like, if they kill a stool pigeon, they leave a canary on the body. It's symbolic. Well, If he had been Italian, they could have been shot off. Sometimes the mob does that to teach guys a lesson, If they blow a job or something. You sure he's not Italian? Is he Italian? Ah, yes, the guy at the newsstand, Mr. Asbestos... I'm great. Always set my fingers on fire. If you want to see another trick. I do this thing with my nose. Ouch! This is gotta be a game, right? How long has he been there? What taxi driver? No, why? Sure we could run him. You realize he's already head of his block association. Well, if Cronkite's so great, why don't we run him instead? With who? Kidding around... you know, fun. No, c'mon, I'm listening. I was just... More people watch it. Well, for Christsakes, you sound like you're selling... I don't know what... cars... not issues. Just didn't get around to it, huh? You forgot "sexy". I think we should try to get maximum coverage for this new mandatory welfare program. Push the issues. The senator's white paper is almost ready, Bets. Should we wait for that?Nah. I ain't interested. Huh? They'd never get me to go back. They'd have to shoot me first. You got anything to carry these in? Yeah. I was all around. One hospital, then the next. Huh? Is there a firing range around? Nah, this'll be fine. How much to get a permit to carry? How much for everything. I want a .32. Revolver. And a palm gun. That .22 there. I got money. You got a .44 Magnum? Sure. Yeah. No, no, please. This fare's on me. Please. Oh, I got over that. It was nothing, really. The papers always blow these things up. A little stiffness. That'll go away. I just sleep more, that's all. Well, I hope he wins. I see where Palantine got the nomination. Hello, Betsy. Can I call you? What about the record? But... Betsy... Huh? You mean you don't want to go to a movie? There's plenty of movies around here. ...there's plenty of movies around here. I haven't seen any of them, but I'm sure they're good. We can go to another movie if you like, I don't care. I got money. There's plenty... Well... mostly... This is sort of high class... Well, I don't follow movies too much... What do you mean? Where are you going? I forgot to get the Coca-Cola. Damn. No, these are the kind that couples go to. They're not like the other movies. All kinds of couples go. Honest. I've seen them. I bought a couple of tickets. No. I thought maybe you could play it for me on your player. I don't follow music much. I'd like to though. Honest. Yeah, well my stereo player is broke. But I'm sure the record is OK. He'll, what else can I do with it all? Yeah. Yes. I don't follow music too much. Oh. Who was that again? I didn't mean that, Travis. Just the part about the contradiction. I'm no pusher, Betsy. Honest. I never have pushed. What? It keeps ya busy. Sometimes 76 or 80. Sometimes I squeeze a few more hours in the morning. Eighty miles a day, a hundred miles a night. I work a single, which means there's no replacement -- no second man on the cab. Six to six, sometimes eight. Seventy-two hours a week. Well, no... not really... had some famous people in the cab. I got this guy who makes lasers. Not regular lasers, not the big kind. Little lasers, pocket sized, small enough to clip your belt like a transistor radio, like a gun, you know. Like a ray gun. Zap. I didn't mean you. But just ordinary people. A guy I know -- Dough-Boy -- met his wife that way. They got to talking. She said she usually caught the bus so he started picking her up at the bus stop, taking her home with the flag up. You'd be surprised how often you see the same people, get the same fare. People have patterns. They do more or less the same things every day. I can tell. South Bronx. The worst. I tried to ditch him, but he was already in the cab, so I had to take him. That's the law. Otherwise I would have picked you up. If it wasn't for a drunk I would have picked you up. He wanted to go to the DMZ. No. It was you. You had some manila folders and a pink bag from Saks. Late one night. About three. At the plaza. I know. I could have picked you up. The full moon. One night I had three or four weirdos in a row and I looked up and, sure enough, there it was -- the full moon. Oh, you see lots of freaky stuff in a cab. Especially when the moon's out. I shut the meter off, for one thing. I knew I wasn't going to get paid. Then I dropped him off at the cop shop. They took him. He'd been shot. I didn't know that. He just crawled into the back seat, said "West 45th Street" and conked out. Just people people, you know. Just people. Had a dead man once. Yeah, well... In a cab you get to meet people. You meet lotsa people. It's good for you. I had a regular job for a while, days. You know, doin' this, doin' that. But I didn't have anything to do at night. I got kinda lonely, you know, just wandering around. So I decided to works nights. It ain't good to be alone, you know. Oh, uptown. You know. Some joint. It ain't much. I can believe that. I know what you mean. I've got the same problems. I just can't get things organized. Little things, I mean. Like my room, my possessions. I should get one of those signs that says, "One of these days I'm gonna get organezizied" My name is Travis. Oh, I appreciate that, Betsy mam. I'll be here at four o'clock exactly. And... ah... Betsy... It's just to the corner, mam. In broad daytime. Nothing can happen. I'll be there to protect you. Well, Betsy mam, I drive by this place here in my taxi many times a day. And I watch you sitting here at this big long desk with these telephones, and I say to myself, that's a lonely girl. She needs a friend. And I'm gonna be her friend. If you don't mind, mam, I'd be mighty pleased if you'd go out and have some coffee and pie with me. Well, Betsy mam, I drive a taxi at night. If you don't mind, mam, I'd rather work for you. I'm a good worker, Betsy mam, a real good worker. Yes, mam. Oh, I think he's a wonderful man. Make a great, great President. Who mam? That's fine. No, no, it's alright. I'll have a big Coca-Cola -- without ice -- and a large buttered popcorn, and... ...some of them chocolate covered malted milk balls... and ju-jukes, a box. They last. No, I'm serious, really... What is your name? My name is Travis. 20 bucks? Nah. I suppose not. I have. Huh? In the jungle. 122nd. No, just some crazy fucker. Cut half his ear off. Some fleet driver for Bell just got cut up. Just heard it on the radio. My work may take me out of New York. I want to -- what else can I do with my money? You may not see me again -- for a while. I'll give you the money to go. I don't want you to take any from those guys. I can't. Otherwise, I would. I think you should go home, but otherwise I think you should go. It would be great for you. You have to get away from here. The city's a sewer, you gotta get out of it. Well, Iris, I look at it this way. A lot of girls come into my cab, some of them very beautiful. And I figure all day long men have been after them: trying to touch them, talk to them, ask them out. And they hate it. So I figure the best I can do for them is not bother them at all. So I don't say a thing. I pretend I'm not even there. I figure they'll understand that and appreciate me for it. I'm sorry, Iris. I didn't mean that. I don't know. Just should, though. Somebody should kill 'em. Nobody'd miss 'em. You can't leave 'em to do the same to other girls. You should get rid of them. Cops don't do nothin. You just gonna leave 'em? What are you going to do about Sport and that old bastard? Do I look like a narc? I can't say -- it's top secret. I'm doing something for the Army. The cab thing is just part time. I've got something important to do. I can't leave. Besides, I've got to stay here. I... I don't get along with people like that. Me? I could never go to a place like that. I never been to a commune. I don't know. I saw pictures in a magazine, and it didn't look very clean to me. He's worse than an animal. Jail's too good for scum like that. He shoots dope too. He looks like a killer. Huh? That fella "Sport" looks like a killer to me. At least I don't walk the streets like a skunk pussy. I don't screw and fuck with killers and junkies. But you can't live like this. It's hell. Girls should live at home. I ain't ever been there, but it don't seem like such a bad place. Where? Where is home? O.K. It's a date. I'll see you here, then. Well tomorrow noon there's a... I got a... No, I mean really. This is nothing for a person to do. Can I see you again? Well, I tried. But that one night? Don't you want to go? Do you understand why I came here? Don't you understand anything? Fuck it! Fuck it! Fuck it! Fuck it! Fuck it! Fuck it! Fuck it! Listen... Do they drug you? But you're the one that wanted to get away. You're the one that came into my cab. Can't you listen to me? Don't you want to get out of here? I don't want to make it. I came here to get you out. It don't matter. I'm gonna get you outta here. You tried to run away in my taxi but your friend -- Sport -- wouldn't let you. I drive a taxi. You tried to get away one night. Remember? That's a nice name. What's your real name? What's your real name? That ain't much of a name. What's your name? Yeah. From the likes of them. Why you hang around with them greasers? Well... I guess so. Hello. No. Have you tried the telephone? Then it's a good guess it's grounded. Why should it be grounded? Thank you, sir. You're a good man, sir. Damn straight. Well, he should clean up this city here. It's full of filth and scum. Scum and filth. It's like an open sewer. I can hardly take it. Some days I go out and smell it then I get headaches that just stay and never go away. We need a President that would clean up this whole mess. Flush it out. I don't know, sir. I don't follow political issues much. I'm sure you'll win, sir. Everybody I know is going to vote for you. I was going to put one of your stickers on my taxi but the company said it was against their policy. Well, I'm one of your biggest supporters. I tell everybody that comes in this cab that they should vote for you. Say, aren't you Charles Palantine, the candidate? Yes, Sir. No. So I hear. No, I want long shifts. Honorable discharge. May 1971. Some. Here and there. Twenty-six. Also clean. Sorry, sir. I didn't mean that. Clean. Real clean. As clean as my conscience. I'll work anywhere, anytime. I know I can't be choosy. You kiddin? Who else would hack through South Bronx or Harlem at night? I ride around nights mostly. Subways, buses. See things. Figur'd I might as well get paid for it. I know. I tried that. I can't sleep nights. Yes. No Sir. Great, hey. Thanks a lot. My name is Henry Krinkle -- that's with a "K." K-R-I-N-K-L-E. I live at 13 1/2 Hopper Avenue, Fair Lawn, New Jersey. Zip code 07410. Got that? You would, huh? What kind of guns do you guys use? .38's? I was in the Army too. And I'm good with crowds. I kinda thought I might make a good one. I'm very observant. Is it hard to get to be a Secret Service Man? Oh, lots. I don't know where they all are now. There used to be one standing over there. I've seen a lot of suspicious-looking people around here today. Are you a Secret Service Man? Show it to me. Get it. Yeah, Iris. You know anybody by that name? I'm here to see Iris. How are things in the pimp business, hey Sport? Hey, Sport. How are things? I'm hip. I'm no cop. Shit. I'm no cop. I want some action. Your name Sport? Thanks. Neither do I, I guess. That's just about the dumbest thing I ever heard, Wizard. Like do anything, you know. Yeah. Sometimes it gets so I just don't know what I'm gonna do. I get some real crazy ideas, you know? Just go out and do somethin. Real down. Well, I just, you know... I wanted to ask you something, on account you've been around so long. Look, ah, we never talked much, you and me... Wiz? Slow. Some fleet driver for Bell just got cut up. Just heard it on the radio. Hey Wizard.And the kid says, "Yeah. She's about 19, good-lookin." McCall says, "What can I tell you?" That's the guy. Eddie calls him up and says, "Hey, what do you want me to do. I'm over here at Poly Prep. I got a girl in the back and she doesn't have the fare. She wants me to come in back and collect. What should I do? ...he called up the Dispatcher last night. Charlie McCall, our dispatcher... What ya gonna do with all that money, Dough-Boy? I never use mine. But it's a good thing to have. Just as a threat. For a fee. The cops and company raise hell they find out. Fuckin' Mau Mau land, that's what it is. We call him Dough-Boy cause he likes the dollars. He'll chase a buck straight into Jersey. She stayed in the cab, what's she gonna do? But she stiffed me. A real skunk. Well, I said, "Lady, please, we're on a bridge..." Sure. What do you think? She wanted to get out of the cab. I said "Look, you're in the middle of the fucking bridge..." What was I supposed to do? I was watching in the rear view. You know, just checkin' traffic. So howsit? Threw on the emergency, jumped the seat and fucked her brains out -- What do you think! What do I have to do? Draw you a picture? Well, she was trying to keep her skirt down, sort of, you know. But it was pretty obvious what she was doing. I mean, Christ, it was rush hour and the traffic's practically standing still. Yeah. Well, whatever the fuck it is, she used it. And then the spray perfume. You know, the real sweat kind -- and, on top of that, get this, right when we're crossing the Tri-boro bridge -- she changes her pantyhose! Ask Travis. He's the ladies man. The kind with a brush. First she did her make-up. You know, I hate it when they do that. I mean she does the whole works, the mascara, the eye-shadow, the lipstick, the rouge... Don't worry, Killer. You'll be all right. I seen enough to know. Yeah. Sorry, Wizard. You fit in. It's lonely, it's rough at first. But you fit in. You got no choice. What do you expect, Bertrand Russell? I've been a cabbie all my life, what do I know? I don't even know what you're talking about. Look, a person does a certain thing and that's all there is to it. It becomes what he is. Why fight it? What do you know? How long you been a hack, a couple months? You're like a peg and you get dropped into a slot and you got to squirm and wiggle around a while until you fit in. Travis, look, I dig it. Let me explain. You choose a certain way of life. You live it. It becomes what you are. I've been a hack 27 years, the last ten at night. Still don't own my own cab. I guess that's the way I want it. You see, that must be what I am. I know. The taxi life, you mean. It happens. Things got ya down? Shoot. They don't call me the Wizard for nothing. Yeah? Yeah? What's the action around? So howsit? Travis.I finally got through to Sloan--it was all a misunderstanding that we had: he would have told the Grand Jury about Haldeman, he was ready to, only nobody on the Grand Jury asked him the goddamn question. You overslept? What was the mistake? Do you think it's been rigged, all along the way, leading us on so they could slip it to us when it mattered? They couldn't have set us up better; after all these months our credibility's gone, you know what that means? Woodward? I know a guy in the Justice Department who was around the Grand Jury. How many fucking sources they think we got?-- --and the FBI confirms--what more do you need?-- --Jesus-- I wish we were investigating Attila the Hun. What's the matter? Well, we are trying to ruin his life. Nah. Maybe. Who? --Mitchell, Stans, Magruder, Kalmbach-- He'll give us a sworn statement. You think this was Clawsen's initiation? You think we're being set up?--Christ, Deep Throat tells you last night that the letter came from inside the White House and up traipses Marilyn naming names. What would you have done? --'cause I only know four chords-- Segovia begged me for me secret but I said, "No, Andres, you'll have to try and make it without me." --because a year before, the Republicans weren't ahead, not in the polls, Muskie was running ahead of Nixon then. Before he self- destructed. Now the reason no one believed the Republicans is because there wasn't any reason, they were so far ahead. But Segretti was talking to these other lawyers a year before the break- in. Dwight Chapin, Nixon's appointments chief--he knew Segretti in school. Maybe I'm crazy, but this is the first time any of this starts to make sense. What were the three theories? That's what we've got to find out, but Segretti went to Southern Cal. and so did a bunch of Nixon men-- --for the first time I'm beginning to feel like a fucking reporter-- Woodward, I got a tip. A guy called me up with a tip-- --someone named Donald Segretti contacted a bunch of lawyers and asked them if they'd like to go to work with him screwing up the Democrats, dirty tricks, shit like that. The FBI knows about Segretti-- Howard Hunt made a bunch of phone calls to him--they interrogated him, but on account of Segretti wasn't involved with the break-in, they didn't follow through. But Segretti did a lot of traveling--he called these lawyers from different places, and he told them the Republicans knew what he was doing. --I want you to shut up and listen to me-- --almost every source we've used has been Republican, this guy's a card- carrying Democrat. --I know a lawyer at Justice-- --if we could name the guys got the reports, we'd be ahead again-- --we gotta top the Times-- Goddamnit-- --the lookout in the Motor Inn?-- --he say anything we don't know?-- Look--five men controlled that slush fund as CREEP--three of them we've got, Mitchell, Stans, Magruder, and we're pretty sure of Kalmbach. --Colson. Nothing--I just found out that Jeb Magruder from CREEP is a bigger bike freak than I am. I never like it when the other guy's human... And I'll just shitkick in my usual way. He's another Ivy Leaguer so he'll probably expect you to be understanding--might surprise him if you're not. How do you want to handle Sloan? --she was really paranoid, the bookkeeper. It goes very high--we've got to find out where-- --we've got to find out who the five guys are--the five with access to the slush fund--they were aware of the break-in. I couldn't believe what she told me. Eight cups of coffee worth. You voted for him. '68. Who'd you vote for? Republican? I hate both parties. We appreciate your position--really. We understand your problem-- We never reveal our sources, which is why you can talk to us. I just wish we knew when someone would talk to us, that's all. We know there's got to be something or they wouldn't be so panicked. Facts or theory? I never scared anyone before. My first day as a copy boy I was sixteen and wearing my only grown-up suit--it was cream colored. At 2:30 the head copy boy comes running up to me and says, "My God, haven't you washed the carbon paper yet? If it's not washed by three, it'll never by dry for tomorrow." And I said, "Am I supposed to do that?" and he said, "Absolutely, it's crucial." So I run around and grab all the carbon paper from all the desks and take it to the men's room. I'm standing there washing it and it's splashing all over me and the editor comes in to take a leak, and he says, "What the fuck do you think you're doing?" And I said, "It's 2:30. I'm washing the carbon paper." Just wanted you to know I've done dumber things than get us lost, that's all. I don't get it... this really was my turf... Alphabetically, on the CREEP phone list, Miss Helen Abbott of South George Street. Were you eyebrow reading? And?--And?-- See her? Get anything? Christ, and I even know somebody at the phone company-- ---fifteen or more phone calls from the burglars in Miami to Gordon Liddy at CREEP-- --I'm trying-- Goddamnit-- What's that? And you haven't called him?-- That was fun. What now? About the past year. We need a sympathetic face. It makes sense; Hunt worked for the C.I.A. and the White House was paranoid about Teddy Kennedy. Maybe a political operative of some sort-- --what do you think?-- I lived here all my life, I got a million contacts, but they're all bus boys and bellhops. Hmm. What, though? It can't be the Republicans--he'd never allow something as stupid as this, not when he's gonna slaughter McGovern anyway. Well, Barker tried to get blueprints of the Miami Convention Center and the air-conditioning system. Let me lay a little theory on you-- Forget it, the main thing-- --did you call me a failure? You heard? They put us both on the break-in thing. Simons liked the way we worked together. Listen, I'm sorry I said your story was bullshit. Yeah? Mainly it has to do with your choice of words. --read 'em both and you'll see-- --mine's better-- --they're all the same, all those Ivy League places--they teach you about striped ties and suddenly you're smart-- --you only got the job because both you and Bradlee went to Yale-- --what have you been here, nine months?--I been in this business since I was sixteen-- --it was bullshit the way it was-- --I sure couldn't hurt it, could I?-- Night. 11:30. Sir, I'd like to ask you a few-- --to become President Nixon's campaign manager on March 1, Mitchell personally approved withdrawals from the fund-- --almost a year before he left the Justice Department-- --according to sources involved in the Watergate investigation. Beginning in the spring of 1971-- --fund that was used to gather information against the Democrats-- John N. Mitchell, while serving as US Attorney General, personally controlled a secret cash fund that-- This? Naw... --yeah, that was in The Times this morning. The telephone calls... we know about that. Whatever. I'm on deadline. Look, you've been jerking my chain all day. If there's some reason you can't talk to me--like the fact that you've already leaked everything to The New York Times--just say so. Good. Just tell him I was here, that I'm sorry I missed him-- Mr. Dardis does call in every so often? Could you reach Mr. Dardis by car radio? I called him from Washington. He's the one who asked me to be here at eleven in the morning. I'd really like to see Mr. Dardis. Hi, it's me. I'm still here. --Teddy Kennedy? Any idea what he did? --Howard Hunt? At USC, you had a word the this-- screwing up the opposition you all did it at college and called it ratfucking. Ever wonder if Nixon might turn out to be the biggest ratfucker of them all? It gets interesting if it was Haldeman, because our word is that when Chapin says something, he's gotten the OK from Haldeman, and when Haldeman says something, he's gotten the OK from the President. On the orders of Haldeman? Chapin did contact you then? But you know who did. You wrote the Canuck letter--the one where you claimed Muskie slurred the Canadians. During the Florida primary, you wrote a letter on Muskie stationery saying Scoop Jackson had a bastard child. You wrote another that said Hubert Humphrey was out with call girls. Tell that to Muskie. Do you feel much about the things you did? When did he hire you? By "they" you mean the White House, don't you? Your buddy from USC, Dwight Chapin-- he works for the White House. By "they" you mean...? Listen--we know you're involved in this--we're going to get the story, why not help? According to what we've been able to verify, you've been busy. Mind if I try? I'm Carl Bernstein. My paper sent me out to see if I couldn't persuade you to go on the record. Donald Segretti? --he was going to go into law practice with Segretti. We've just been talking to Young-- --yes-- Down to Miami and back--how much damage can I do? --that was awhile ago-- I think it might be helpful if you'd send me to Miami. Harry, I just talked to a Miami investigator about Barker-- Absolutely-- --if he did it or just said he did it, God knows. --there's nothing new in it-- --what?-- What's a real denial? --and we got a guy in Justice-- --no-- Nobody's perfect. I'm glad you're out of it, Hannah-- you're a terrific reporter and I turned you into a bookkeeper. There's always a later plane. It's right under that pile. I think. Five hundred; six maybe. Hey... very tense. Oh, they're here. I'm keeping much better records now, Hannah. See? Hannah, I never would have bothered you but I'm off to Miami and they're gonna take away my ten speed unless I get it straightened out fast. Hey, easy... If you don't like it down there, why don't you quit? FBI too? --you don't really think you're being followed? This is practically a high school reunion for us, Jane--I would have sprung for a classier place. Think Sloan's being set up as a fall guy for John Mitchell? Sometimes it looks that way. Gordon Liddy, you mean? It's awfully hot-- --and you haven't finished telling me about the money-- Sloan knew which five, didn't he? Who were they? Which people? Could buy a lot of steaks, 350,000 dollars. --it was all in hundreds, wasn't it? It's obvious you want to talk to someone--well, I'm someone. I was just curious--you don't do it well, so I wondered. Have you been threatened, if you told the truth, is that it? --right, right, I've got to go. Why did you lie just then? You were Hugh Sloan's bookkeeper when he worked for Maurice Stans at Finance, and we were sort of wondering, did you go work for Stans immediately after Sloan quit or was there a time lapse? We don't tell anyone that. Which is why you can talk to us. And if we can't verify what you say someplace else, we don't print it. That's another reason you can relax. But I want you to know that I understand why you're afraid--a lot of good people down there at the Committee are afraid. I'm really sorry for what you're being put through. Just let me get a match. Irwin? I really feel bad, doing something like this--you know that, don't you? Who by? Just tell me about the goddamn article. Something maybe big. No games, Irwin; give. So tell me about the Times article. Why couldn't you have just dialed me from the office, Irwin? --if we wrote a story that said Haldeman controlled the fund?-- --that leaves Haldeman, period. --it's gotta be Haldeman--someone from the White House had to be involved-- --this'll only take one second-- What happens when the baby comes? Ordinarily, though, what was the procedure? Right. Kalmbach--Nixon's personal lawyer. But they both worked at the White House? To cover up? Because people at the Committee were told to lie to the prosecutors? Do you think the truth will come out at the trial? --then again, maybe things are even worse than we've written----what about you?-- --Bernstein, are you sure on this story? I could care less about where it happened; what happened is what counts. Put him on. Ken, I'm sorry, it was Goddamn Beirut and they were having a crisis, what's up, kid? Slow down, Ken, you sound frazzled. A wife and a family and a cat and a dog, right, Ken. Ken, I would never print that you were in Marilyn's apartment at night-- unless, of course, you force me to. --it makes the break-in real--it's a major goddamn story-- --I'm not going to kick ass over this, but I'd like you to know I hate getting beat, I just hate it-- don't forget that I hate it-- --it would have been nice to have had this, I sure would have liked to have had this-- I thought you guys were supposed to be working on this story-- --you think I like being aced out? If they ever start calling us goddamn liars-- --it's time to start circling the wagons. --Deep Throat?-- --goddamnit, when's somebody gonna go on the record on this story-- My non-denial denial. --well shit, we oughtta be tense-- we're about to accuse Mr. Haldeman who only happens to be the second most important man in America of conducting a criminal conspiracy from inside the White House-- --it would be nice if we were right-- --I don't know, I don't know, it feels thin-- --all non-denial denials--we're dirty guys and they doubt we were ever virgins but they don't say the story is inaccurate. Then it's our asses, isn't it? You saying the Democrats bugged themselves? It will, it just hasn't bottomed out yet, give it time. Go on. Anything else from Mr. Throat? We can't talk inside either? --I'm not sure, it still feels thin-- --what do you think?-- I got Clawsen on hold-- OK. You're about to write a story that says that the former Attorney General-- the man who represented law in America-- is a crook. Just be right, huh? This is a daily paper, we'll explain it tomorrow. You're certain on Mitchell? Is he on the level of Assistant to the President or not? Just tell me his title. How senior?You don't mind getting on people's nerves, do you? Are you implying you don't believe me? Barker's wife called me at three this morning; her husband apparently had told her to call if he hadn't called her by then. --I met one of the defendants, Mr. Barker, at a social occasion once-- --I have nothing more to say. They are not my clients. There is no reason to assume other people were involved. So? I assure you, there's nothing mysterious involved. Look, I told you inside-- Clearly, I am here, but only as an individual, I'm not the attorney of record. Mr. Rafferty has that position. Whatever you want, you'll have to get from him, I have nothing more to say. --I'm not here.--I've completely forgotten where it was, except I know it wasn't her apartment. Where? What do you mean, where? That's a bullshit question, that's a question straight out of Wichita, Kansas. Absolutely--Marilyn's gotten it totally wrong--I never could figure just who this Dahlberg was. Think it might be anything? The rest is Barker's bank records. It's mostly the eighty-nine thousand in Mexican cashier's checks-- I'll never get out of here in time. You want Barker's phone stuff or his money stuff? Listen, I've got a dinner--can't we do this tomorrow?You'll have to find that out, won't you?-- --you've done worse than let Haldeman slip away, you've got people feeling sorry for him--I didn't think that was possible. A conspiracy like this-- the rope has to tighten slowly around everyone's neck. You build from the outer edges and you go step by step. If you shoot too high and miss, then everybody feels more secure. You've put the investigation back months. I was being cautious. You can safely say more then fifty... Yes, yes, everything. There were over fifty people employed by the White House and CREEP to ratfuck-- some of what they did is beyond belief. Nationwide--my God, they were frightened of Muskie and look who got destroyed--they wanted to run against McGovern, and look who they're running against. They bugged, they followed people, false press leaks, fake letters, they canceled Democratic campaign rallies, they investigated Democratic private lives, they planted spies, stole documents, on and on-- don't tell me you think this was all the work of little Don Segretti. --don't you miss the grand scheme too. Follow every lead--every lead goes somewhere-- --don't concentrate on Segretti or you'll miss the overall scheme too. Total manipulation. I suppose you could say they wanted to subvert the Constitution, but they don't think along philosophical lines. You get nothing from me about Haldeman? Of course--my God, you think something this big just happens? The break-in and the cover up, of course Mitchell knew, but no more than Ehrlichman. Someone with authority I'd imagine, wouldn't you? Don't you know what you're onto? Come on. They know, but they focused on the burglary--if it didn't deal with the break-in, they didn't pursue it. I hope you noticed how coolly I behaved under the threat of discovery. Did you change cabs? It didn't work, something moved there-- You'll have to find that out, won't you. Yes, the little ratfuckers are now running our government. In my day, it was simply called the double cross. I believe the CIA refers to it as Mindfuck. In our context, it simply means infiltration of the Democrats. My turn to keep you waiting. What's the topic for tonight? Talk? Once, at a gathering, he put his hand over a candle. And he kept it there. He kept it right in the flame until his flesh seared. A woman who was watching asked, "What's the trick?" And he replied. "The trick is not minding." What I know, you'll have to find out on your own. --melodramatic? Things are past that--remember, these are men with switchblade mentalities who run the world as if it were Dodge City. You changed cabs? You're sure no one followed you? Go on. Follow the money. Always follow the money. Because the press stinks too--history on the run, that's all you're interested in. You come up with anything? Then there must be something, mustn't there. Look, forget the myths the media's created about the White House-- the truth is, these are not very bright guys, and things got out of hand. You thought I'd help out on specifics? I'll confirm what you get, try to keep you on the right track, but that's all. Are you guys really working? How much? I saw the flag signal--what's up?The FBI thinks it's possible--the Democrats need a campaign issue, corruption's always a good one. Get off the story, Ben--or put some people on McGovern's finances; fair is fair, even in our business. Look--why would the Republicans do it? --my God, McGovern is self- destructing before our eyes--just like Muskie did, Humphrey, the bunch of 'em. Why would the burglars have put the tape around the door instead of up and down unless they wanted to get caught? Why did they take a walkie- talkie and then turn it off, unless they wanted to get caught? Why would they use McCord--the only direct contact to the Republicans? Ben, Jesus, there are over two thousand reporters in this town, are there five on Watergate? Where did we suddenly get all this wisdom? It's not that we're using unnamed sources that bothers me, or that everything we print the White House denies, or that almost no other papers are reprinting our stuff. I don't think either Metropolitan or National should cover the story. I don't think we should cover the story, period.Good God! --yes, yes, what is it? Howard Hunt here.A Miami D.A. The guy doing the investigating is named Martin Dardis. It was accurate, but I can't get a fuller listing for you--all Barker's phone records have been subpoenaed. And that makes anything you do OK, is that it? My big civil rights buddy-- --boy, if John Mitchell was after your phone records, would you be screaming. What're you onto? What do you want to know? 'Cause I'm not calling out from the phone company anymore-- --I think the place is bugged.Where? Where in government? Where? And what is your occupation, Mr. McCord? Will you step forward, sir. Your name, please.The C.I.A. ...Central... Intelligence... Agency... Government. Recently retired. Security consultant. James McCord.Oh. Morning or night? --what time is it? --all that crap, you're putting it in the paper? It's all been denied. You tell your publisher--tell Katie Graham she's gonna get her tit caught in a big fat wringer if that's published. Good Christ! That's the most sickening thing I ever heard. --jeeeeeeeeesus-- --jeeeeeeesus-- --jeeeeeeesus-- --jeeeeeeesus-- What does it say?--well, what if your boys get it wrong-- --well, I've got some pretty experienced fellas sitting around, wouldn't you say so?-- --this White House guy, a good one, a pro, came up and asked what is this Watergate compulsion with you guys and I said, well, we think it's important and he said, if it's so goddamn important, who the hell are Woodward and Bernstein? --nobody gives a shit about the Dahlberg repercussions--And?-- Speak. --you got more than one source?-- You're the fella who forgot he rented a Hertz car, do I have to tell you they didn't forget to send us the bill? --"I think it might be helpful if you'd send me to Toronto." That was your spiel then. "The Lifestyles of Deserters." I'm still waiting for it. I'm the one sent you to Toronto, Bernstein-- --so? --absolutely--and that's all they do, sit sit sit--every once in a while, they call up a Senator, some reporting-- Ask him what he's really saying--he means take the story away from Woodstein and give it to his people at the National Desk-- --correction--when you were drinking your lunch at the bar of the Sans Souci-- --quit equivocating, say what you mean-- --our story got Government Accounting to start an audit on CREEP's finances-- --you are ignoring the importance of the Dahlberg repercussions-- --who you got?-- I think we got a White House consultant linked to the bugging. So? Whaddya got, whaddya got? Just that on his office wall there's a cartoon with a caption reading, "When you've got them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow." The second most powerful man is Robert Haldeman. Just below him are a trio: Mr. Erlichman is Haldeman's friend, and they protect the President from everybody which is why they are referred to as either The German Shepherds or the Berlin Wall. Mr. Mitchell we've already discussed. Mr. Colson is the President's special counsel. The most powerful man in America is President Nixon, probably you've heard his name. I would liken your query to being in Russia half a century ago and asking someone, "I understand who Lenin is and Trotsky I got too, but who's this yokel Stalin?" I can't sell hints to Simons-- --you called everyone you know? Call someone you don't know. What'd you get on W.House? As a rough rule of thumb, as far as I can throw Bronco Nagurski, that's how much I trust John Mitchell... Mr. John Mitchell, the head of CREEP, says it means nothing. "...This man and the other people involved were not operating on either our behalf or with our consent. These is no place in our campaign or in the electoral process for this type of activity, and we will not forget it or condone it." Then how come the Associated Press were the ones found out that Mr. McCord is security coordinator for the Committee to Re-elect the President, otherwise known as CREEP? OK, get on this W.House guy and do a better job then you did on McCord. Don't know; who the hell's Howard Hunt? It's probably nothing but check it out. Just go easy, it could be crazy Cubans. ...go on, go on... Two o'clock, work the phones 'til you go. As usual, that keen mind of yours has pegged the situation perfectly. Except it wasn't local Democratic Headquarters, it was National Democratic Headquarters-- --and these weren't just any idiots, these were special idiots, seeing as when they were arrested at 2:30 this morning, they were all wearing business suits and Playtex gloves and were carrying-- --a walkie-talkie, forty rolls of film, cameras, lock picks, pen-sized tear gas guns, plus various bugging devices. Not to mention over two thousand dollars, mostly in sequenced hundred dollar bills. Where's that cheery face we've come to know and love? One Senator just gave a speech slurring us 57 times in 20 minutes. --maybe I'm tense-- --listen, I love this country, you think I want to bring it down?--I'm not some goddamn zany, I was a hawk-- --listen, we didn't make them do these things--once they did, it's our job to report it-- --political, personal, sexual, anything at all against Mitchell?-- I know, I did, but damnit Howard-- For the first time since I've known him, I think he's really humping... That was awhile ago. Howard-- I can predict the next words you're gonna say: "anyone but Bernstein." I want to send a reporter to Miami. Could develop. Woodward's onto a new wrinkle with the break-in thing--absolute page one stuff--Can't help you. I don't know anything about Haldeman, except, Dwight's frightened of him-- everybody's frightened of him--Christ, I wish I'd never gotten messed around with this--all I wanna do is sit in the sun; sit, swim, see some girls. Sure--off the record. None of it was my idea, Carl--I didn't go looking for the job. When you guys print it in the paper, then I'll know. I'm a lawyer, and I'll probably go to jail, and be disbarred, and what did I do that was so awful? I didn't. Sometimes it got up to a quarter maybe-- --off the record. Oh, maybe nickel and dime stuff. I didn't do anything wrong. I know where Dwight works. They never told me anything except my own role--I had to find out the rest in the papers. I've got a lot of energy. You can't. That's right.What's this? --you double-checked both sources?-- --Christ, I wish I knew if we should print this-- Same kind of crap-- And we'll all have to go to work for a living. More denunciations? --Harry, weren't you just arguing the opposite way?-- --go over your sources again-- --has any of them got an ax?-- I don't get it--you were the one who wanted to fire him. --remember Toronto, Harry. Anyone but Bernstein. Let me see what you get, but don't jump--The New York Times thinks it's crazy Cubans. --in other words, you got nothing, you're thumbsucking. Anything? --well and good, but when will he say it on the record. --which Young? I don't know, but I don't think that's unreasonable either, do you? Maybe to fire you--since you two started on this story, the Post stock has dropped, what, 50 percent? And the word is some Nixon people are challenging her TV licenses. I'm not saying she's going on relief, but I don't think it's unreasonable for her to want to meet you. --can we use their names?-- Isn't that what you'd expect them to say? What else have you got?--let me put it this way: I'd have no problem if you did. I'm not your source on that. --I'm not your source on that-- --my wife just had the baby, my in- laws are arriving, I'm trying to get the house in some kind of shape. I really can't talk now-- We're moving. I've been looking for a job but it's been... hard. My name's been in the papers too much. Sometimes I wonder if reporters understand how much pain they can inflict in just one sentence. I'm not thinking of myself. But my wife, my parents, it's been very rough on them. Routine--I'd just call John Mitchell over at the Justice Department and he'd say "go ahead, give out the money." Then Barker withdrew the 25 thousand in hundred dollar bills and gave it back to Liddy who gave it back to me and I put it in the office safe which was crammed. I will not talk about the other two. Well, they sure didn't ask us to come forward and tell the truth. We were never told flat out "Don't talk." But the message was clear. That's another of the things I'm not so sure of. Try and understand this. I'm a decent Republican. I believe in Richard Nixon. I worked in the White House four years--so did my wife. What happened on June 17 I don't think the President knew anything about. Some of his men I'm not so sure of. --they're worse. That's why I quit. Of course--everything they asked-- No, none of those. A girl. Melissa. Well, when Liddy came and asked for money for what turned out to be the break-in funds, I went to the safe and gave him--out of this whole fortune--I happened to give him the same hundreds he gave me--banks have to keep track of hundreds. If the money had been in fifties, or if I'd grabbed a different stack, there probably wouldn't have been any Watergate story. Badly. You don't realize how close all this came to staying undiscovered--I gave Liddy the Dahlberg check and he gave it to Barker who took it to Miami and deposited it. I can't say anything, I'm sorry. I won't talk about the other two. Colson's too smart to get directly involved with something like that. When so ordered. No. It was closer to seven hundred thousand. As opposed to the Committee? The Committee's not an independent operation. Everything is cleared with the White House. I don't think that the FBI or the prosecutors understand that. I'd like to talk to you, I really would, but my lawyers say I shouldn't until after the Watergate trial. My wife told me to expect you. As you know, I haven't talked to the press.So I guess you could say that we screwed up, but we weren't wrong. Goddamnit!-- Only everything... Hmm? --We got twenty minutes to deadline-- --Deep Throat won't confirm--I never thought he was scared of anyone, but he's scared of Haldeman. --Sloan told the Grand Jury--he answered everything they asked him-- that means there's a record somewhere-- --he said John Haldeman, not Bob Haldeman-- Maybe we are... Same as Magruder, I don't like it when they turn out to be human. It's nothing personal, though. What if I went up and introduced myself--think he'd slug me? Haldeman. I think that's him. --we're working on the last guy now and we're going all the way--that fifth man was Haldeman. --That cash fund that financed the sabotaging of the Democrats--five guys had control-- We're inside the White House now. Could have won him a fraternity paddle with a White House seal. God knows it worked. It makes a crazy kind of sense-- remember that initiation rite they have at the White House? Each new member of the President's staff has to prove his guts by getting an enemy of Nixon. You asking would I have been one of the President's men? I would have been. California, Illinois, Florida, New Hampshire--all the major Democratic primary states. Why does everything you play sound the same? Segretti criss-crossed the country over ten times in six months--and never stayed anyplace over a night or two. Switch to another station, huh? You're driving me crazy with that. If he self-destructed. So maybe Watergate wasn't really about Watergate--maybe that was just a piece-- The burglary was done by Cubans or Democrats or Republicans. --Haldeman I know, who else? How high up, which Republicans? --I haven't said anything-- Then he's got an ax. Call him anyway. --has he got an ax?-- --shit, who do we know?-- --I know, I know-- --shit-- --just that a lot of reports were sent to CREEP, but he doesn't name who, not here anyway-- --The L.A. Times has a huge interview with Baldwin-- We'd like to wait til we have all five before we print it. --there had to be a White House overseer-- Think Sloan's back? What's wrong? You want me to be the bastard. You mean, who's going to play the mean M.P. and who's going to be the nice one? Whichever. That happens to people. OK, go on. --we will-- Then tomorrow's grand jury indictments will just be bullshit. Go on, go on-- Did he just say what I think he said? Nixon. When? Sure. And I'm a Republican. --you believe in the President, you wouldn't ever want to do anything disloyal. It's safe, try it, you'll see. And that something's got to be more than just Hunt, Liddy, and the five burglars--those indictments are gonna be bullshit when they come down. What else do we know? Anything you've got. It's not us, they were scared before we got there. What do we know? This is terrific work, if you like rejection. You're not a kid anymore. Who's first? It was there. I just don't get it; a CREEP secretary being scared, that's one thing. But what does the wife of one of the most powerful men in America have to be afraid of...? --she was panicked, Carl--every time I mentioned Watergate, you could tell. For the paper, no; for us, plenty. I waited a long time and finally this big guy--I guess a bodyguard-- he left and I knocked and she remembered me, we talked awhile. --you do?--with access to records? Why didn't we get that? --fifteen phone calls-- --see?-- The fucking New York Times. I met a Presidential aide once at a social occasion. July of '71. You think they are confidential? I don't know anything about how this town works, I haven't lived here a year yet. --a spy, you mean? --Hunt doesn't seem like your ordinary consultant. What do you think he meant, this particular incident? Were there others? How would we find out? You know anyone important? Hey? Right. Nixon didn't get where he got by being dumb-- --listen, that was a Watergate question-- And McCord was carrying an application for college press credentials for the Democratic convention. The Times has got to be full of it-- it can't be crazy Cubans. --I'm not interested in theory. What do we know? For example, Hunt's disappeared. All right, what do we know? I was sure trying. It's OK; I'm sorry I called you a failure. Fuck you, Carl. Carl? What is it about my writing that's so rotten? --no way-- --I'm smart enough to know my story was solid-- --Bradlee went to Harvard-- --and you've had some fucking meteoric rise, that's for sure--by the time you turn forty you might be the head of the Montana bureau-- --I have to stand here and listen to the staff correspondent from Virginia?-- --it was fine the way it was-- What the hell were you doing rewriting my story-- Mitchell started the cover-up early, everyone is involved in the cover- up, all the way to the top. The whole U.S. intelligence community is mixed in with the covert activities. The extent of it is incredible. And people's lives are in danger, maybe including ours. Electronic surveillance. --I'm sure-- --he went to her apartment and he told her-- --his dialing finger must be falling off-- --I saw him. He verifies. He approved the payments to Liddy while he was still Attorney General-- I don't know titles. You asking me to disclose my source? I was told by this guy at the White House that Hunt was investigating Teddy Kennedy. I have nothing more to say. It was really nice of you to come, since you'd only met him once. A Miami social occasion? Mr. Rafferty told me the Cubans were from Miami. You're a lawyer and you're here-- Your clients were arrested with a walkie-talkie; they didn't need that to talk among themselves. Did you know to come because one of the other men involved in the break- in called you? Well, they never would have been assigned if anyone had known the burglars had arranged for their own counsel. And that could only mean the burglars didn't arrange for their own counsel--they never even made a phone call. So if they didn't ask for you to be here, how did you know to come? Probably you're right, but a little while ago, I was talking to a couple of lawyers who'd been assigned to represent the burglars. What I don't understand is how you got here. --you have nothing more to say, I understand that. Mr. Rafferty was very helpful. Four Cuban-Americans and this other man, James McCord. Douglas Caddy, the attorney of record, when questioned about his presence in the courtroom, denied he was in the courtroom, "I'm not here," Mr. Caddy said. OK. Mr. Caddy? My name's Bob Woodward, I'm from the Post and I wanted to ask about how you happened to come on this case-- Well, was it in a bar, her apartment, some restaurant-- Sorry, Ken; listen, one last thing: where did your talk with Berger happen? She's an awfully good reporter--I can't remember her getting too much wrong before, can you? You claiming it was all a misunderstanding, Ken? That checks out with our finding, thank you, Mr. Dahlberg. I see. And how do you think it reached Miami? Yes, sir. The twenty-five thousand dollar one. The one with your name on it. In Bernard Barker's Florida account. Bernard Barker, the Watergate burglar-- --this should take only a minute, Mr. Dahlberg, but we're doing a follow- up on the break-in-- --and I was kind of curious about your check. We know that--and if we were wrong, we're resigning--were we wrong? --I know, I know, the pressure's off the White House and it's all back on the Post-- Fifty ratfuckers directed by the White House to destroy the Democrats? And Justice and FBI know all this? How grand? --the Canuck letter--was that a White House operation-- There were more then. Talk about Segretti-- Why did they do all this for Chrissakes?--what were they after? Haldeman too? Mitchell knew then. Why didn't they?--who told them not to? Do Justice and the FBI know what we know, and why the hell haven't they done anything about it? What? The slush fund at CREEP financed the ratfucking, we've almost got that nailed down, so-- Who?--be specific. How high up? I know what it means--Segretti wouldn't go on the record, but if he would, we know he'd implicate Chapin. And that would put us inside the White House. Ratfucking. Liddy--you think there's a chance he'll talk? What's the whole thing about--do you know? I did everything you said, but it all seemed-- This man Gordon Liddy--he's going to be tried along with Hunt and the five burglars--we know he knows a lot, we just don't know what. To where? John Mitchell resigned as head of CREEP to spend more time with his family. That doesn't exactly have the ring of truth. Howard Hunt's been found--there was talk that his lawyer had 25 thousand in cash in a paper bag. If you don't like them, why won't you be more concrete with me? I don't know maybe sixteen, eighteen hours a day--we've got sources at Justice, the FBI, but it's still drying up. Nothing, that's the problem--the story's gone underground. I was just kind of wondering why your name and phone number were in the address books of two of the men arrested at Watergate? Hi, I'm Bob Woodward of the Post and-- Hello, I'm Bob Woodward of the Washing Post and... Mullen and Company Public Relations? Could you tell me when you expect Mr. Hunt? He is? Nobody ever had too much. I would, if you really ever wanted to know. It is. I couldn't say. Some Justice Department lawyers and an FBI man, and some people from the Committee to Re-Elect, yes ma'am. It may never come out. No. I think so. --I'm Woodward. --well, Sloan-- I never asked them about Watergate. I only said what were Hunt's duties at the White House. They volunteered that he was innocent when nobody asked was he guilty. Hunt is Colson's man-- --that's Charles Colson, Nixon's special counsel-- --they both went to Brown University-- --Hunt worked for the C.I.A. till '70, and this is on deep background, the FBI thinks he's involved with the break-in. Thanks, Harry. Know anything about Colson? Who's Colson, Harry? Who's Charles Colson? Lotsa hints-- You can't believe that. The head of security for the reelection of a Republican President got caught bugging the national offices of the Democrats? What the hell does that mean? I did all right on McCord. That's everything Bachinski had, I think it's worth following up. Preliminary hearing at Superior Courthouse? You call me in on my day off because some idiots have broken into local Democratic Headquarters--tell me, Harry, why should I be smiling? He just did. --and he says Chapin hired Segretti-- Larry Young, a California lawyer-- You think she wants us to ease up on the story? What do you think Mrs. Graham wants to see me for? --no-- Absolutely. According to White House personnel, Hunt definitely works there as a consultant for Colson. But when I called the White House Press office, they said he hadn't worked there for three months. Then the P.R. guy said the weirdest thing to me. "I am convinced that neither Mr. Colson nor anyone else at the White House had any knowledge of, or participation in, this deplorable incident at the Democratic National Committee." --look, when the Watergate grand jury questioned you, did you name names? --and it wasn't Ehrlichman or Colson or the President. A boy or a girl? Go on. One thing I'm not completely clear on--when you gave out the money to Liddy, how did that work? Haldeman. Right? We're not sure we've got all the guys who could order you, but we know there were five. And as treasurer, you could release those funds? The report on the cash in Maurice Stans' safe, the three hundred fifty thousand, that's true? Does "they" mean the White House? You handed out the money. Maybe there's a legitimate explanation for the way it was done-- Mr. Sloan? You work there, Miss Abbott. No, I'm a reporter. I wanted to talk to you about the Committee to Re- Elect. Hi. I'm Bob Woodward of the Washington Post and I hate to bother you at home--...Thanks. ...Stop jivin'! One more round. No doctor!... I'm feelin' good, bro! No doctor! My side. He got lucky. ...That man's takin' his job too serious. Man, I rearranged his face with that right -- The people love what's happenin' tonight. I'll carry him 'till the third. ...That boy damn near broke my arm. Southpaw, nuthin' -- I'll drop 'im in three -- 'Apollo Creed meets the Italian Stallion.' Shhiii -- Sounds like a damn monster movie!! Listen, I gonna carry this boy three rounds, then drop 'im like a bad habit. ...I don't feel heat from the name. Give my main man a raise!! I do -- Maybe what this fight needs is something new -- a novelty. Don't matter -- That name. 'The Italian Stallion,' it's right on. Who discovered America? An Italian, right? So, man, what could be better than to get it on with one of his ancestors -- 'The Italian Stallion' -- He's my man. ...This man. ...Still don't feel no heat. How 'bout this Big Chuck Smith? How 'bout this Billy Snow? No, man, it's very smart. Now here's what's goin' down. Listen, 'cause I'm gonna say this but one time. On January first, the first day of the Bicentennial I'm gonna fight me a local poor underdog, dig? A snow-white underdog. An' I'm gonna put his face on this poster with me, hear? An' I'll tell you why, 'cause I'm sentimental -- An' all the people in the country all sentimental, man, an' they'd like nothin' better than me, Apollo Creed, to let some unknown get a shot at the greatest title in the world on this country's biggest birthday. Now that's the way I see it an' that's the way I want it!! Shape, nothin' -- They're afraid. They know everybody in the world's gonna see this fight an' none of them gotta prayer of beating me so they're makin' excuses so they don't have to be the chump that's gonna be whipped in front of the whole civilized world!! Then gimme Buddy Shaw -- He's ranked fifth. You best find me another ranked contender an' I mean in a flash, man! Damn. ...Stay in school an' use your brains, dig -- Be a lawyer, be a doctor, carry a leather briefcase an' forget about sports!! Sports can only make ya grunt an' smell -- Be a thinker not a stinker!! Me an' my wife are goin' home 'cause we miss our children an' can't go no more time without seein' them. The Bicentennial Heavyweight Championship of the World is gonna be held in the only place it can be held -- Philadelphia! -- the nation's cradle -- January First -- the first major event of our two hundredth year. That's right -- It's gonna be the greatest sportin' event in this country's history -- A gala occurrence! He was big, an' very nasty so I destroyed him in a hurry -- Now I'm gettin' ready for Mac Lee Green next month. Very high an' very fast.Kiss my ass. I don't like ya face. Take 'er to the zoo -- Retards like the zoo. Hear she's retarded. ...Of the truck that run over your face. Did ya get the license number?...How 'bout for the Cokes? That's ten bucks. Here -- Three minutes. Cost ya a buck. Six! Seven minutes! Nine minutes! Ten minutes for ten dollars. Few minutes? This a con? Yo, pal, what's with you -- The place ain't operatin'. Hey, the rink is empty 'cause we're closed -- ya ain't allowed in here so do me a favor an' not stay here. Hey, whatta ya doin' here -- we're closed... Yo, we're closed!Yo' yellow, old man. Don't mouth me, old man, I'll knock yo' out too. C'mon, wop, spar me, let everybody see who's got the heat around here. Yo' know I iz the best man here! Yo' said so yoself! I'm happenin'! This pig is takin' my shot -- I iz a contender. He's nothin'. I say ya nothin'!Where else am I gonna go. Bet three grand on Rocky. Same thing. Ya know, Rock, remember when we was kids, we fought together. An' I wasn't well an' ya had to beat up that Irish kid -- what's his name? -- Gallager -- I bought a suit and became a businessman. You put on gloves. An' I remember Mama almost cried, may she rest in peace -- an' our ol' man who said ya had no brains --I'd like to lay hands on that bastard. You ain't never had any luck. Even when I owned you in '66 you never had luck. But now I think you might be gettin' some luck kid. Whatta you think? Sure, you do what ya want. Stay away from the stock market. Ya gettin 150 grand killer. Ya got any plans for it? Whatta ya think? Ya like to put it on the street, make it work for ya? Listen, kid, I'm with ya. Ya know, I'm with ya -- Italian, we're blood. You kill this rug -- We Guinneas gotta show these Afro-Americans where it's at. Give it your best shot cause I want ya to prove to these bums on the corner that my man can't be beat by this rug... Ya got any action on the side. Does Santa Claus charge juice? Merry Christmas -- Now, how's about my present, ya gonna win? Here's five hundred -- Put it in your glove. Take your shot, kid -- You got money for trainin' expenses? Hey -- if a good man can make a better life, let him make it. Here's fifty bucks -- You an' the girl have a nice time. Buddy's got a thing against ya, Rock. Some people just hate for no reason, y'know. Buddy's in a bad mood -- prostate problems. You think I don't hear things? Hey, screw ya brain on right. Now, who's this girl you're going out with tonight? No, two yards from Snyder, an' a grand from Cappoli. It don't matter. It's my reputation. These guys think they can get off light. It's bad for my reputation -- It's bad for business. See ya killer. Yo Rock. Did I give you a job this mornin? How come ya didn't break this guy's thumb like I asked ya? When ya don't do what ya are told, it makes me look bad, kid. Tomorrow collect from Del Rio -- He's late three weeks. How'd you do last night? Sure, Rocky, Bob's good for it...Not yellow, cautious. See, it's very easy for a fighter to accidentally hurt -- Why let Rocky here take a chance on cuttin' or breakin' a hand? -- Take a shower, Dipper. You can forget about sparring, kid. What's happenin' here? I don't care what they say, you're a winner. Great, kid, great. ...Yeah. Wanna keep goin'? Gimme the water! Ya gettin' tagged with his right. I think you should feint left and high hook 'im -- Benny, check the eyes! Can ya see? How you holdin' up, kid? Why don't ya tell 'im you're a fan! Can't hardly tell. Don't swallow the blood -- Go for his ribs. Don't let 'im breathe. Ya nose is broke. Breathe deep -- Keep ya chin down!! Use the legs and drive through 'im. Attack -- Attack -- Attack! Real good. God bless ya, Rock. Don't let 'im get you tight. ...Shrewd. Whatta you get outta this? Don't you care what the people will say? Check the eyes, Ben. What cha say, Benny -- Meet 'The Rock.' This is our cutman, Benny Stein. Tie it to both ankles -- Leave two feet slack. Rocky, I'm seventy-six years old. Maybe you can be the winner I never was -- your shot is my last shot! If ya was wantin' my help, why didn't ya ask? Just ask. Please, kid. Look, you can't buy what I know. Ya can't. I've seen it all! I got pain an' I got experience. I'm sorry, I -- I made a mistake. Kid, I'm askin' man to man. I wanna be ya manager. Respect, I always dished ya respect. Ya got heart. Yeah, ya kinda remind me of the Rock. Ya move like 'im. I done it all. I've done an' seen everything'. Believe what I'm tellin' ya -- Ya shoulda seen the night in Brooklyn, I smacked 'Ginny' Russo outta the ring, September 14, 1923 -- same night Firpo knocked Dempsey outta the ring. But who got the Press? He did. He had a manager -- September 14, 1923. Rocky, d'ya know what I done? Fifty years. The rep is known around Philly, an' a good rep can't be bought, but I don't have to tell you that. I'm here tellin' ya to be very smart with this shot. Like the Bible sez, ya don't get no second chance. Whatta' those? Look at all them other fighters. Real good boys. Good records. Colorful. Fight their hearts out for peanuts -- But who cared? Nobody. They got it shoved in their back door. Nobody ever give them a shot at the title... What's happened is freak luck. Listen, Rock, you're a very lucky guy. How do you mean? I seen the light. I figure somebody was home. ...I said that before. 'Bout an hour ago. Here's the card? A Rep from Miles Jergens' Promotions was lookin' for ya -- They need sparrin' partners for Creed. Did ya get the message, kid? Think about it. Hey, ever think about retirin'? Ya want the truth -- Ya got heart, but ya fight like an ape -- The only thing special about you is ya never got ya nose broke -- keep ya nose pretty -- what's left of ya brain an' retire. Ain't they? Rice is a bum. ...Who'd ya fight? Did ya win? ...Did ya fight last night? The legs must be goin'. More like thirty. How old? How old are ya? Facts is facts. I run a business here -- I'm cleanin' house -- Dipper's a climber -- You're a tomato. Dipper needed it. Then stand there an' wait till I'm done -- Creed's good, yeah, he's real fine but I gotta boy, y'know Big Dipper, who's got the stuff it takes to be a champ -- He's mean, quick, an' big -- What more d'ya need? Okay, go to work... Hey -- Yeah -- Whatta ya want? Do you see me talkin'? Huh? ...What? I don't care what nobody says, this bum Creed woulda never made it in the Thirties --No more, ya wanna lose an eye? No more. Ya sappin' his strength -- He's losin' steam. Hey, Rock -- What happened? Yeah -- See the fight last night? Apollo Creed beat that English guy bad. Listen, I'm with you -- But ya gotta talk to Mickey -- I put ya stuff in the bag over there. It ain't your locker no more.We're not responsible for animals left over thirty days -- We board it ain't a animal shelter, Y'know... Adrian, I want you to clean all those cat cages downstairs, they're a mess. Bullmastiff. Ain't had time to check 'em. Startin' with the bad jokes early today, huh.You a virgin? -- Ya let 'im in ya pants, didn't ya! Ya pulled down ya pants an' let him have it, didn't ya!! You busted?! You owe me an' are supposed to treat me good! Get away from me -- I could never even get married 'cause you couldn't live by yaself -- ya'd die by yaself! So instead I put you two together -- Did ya think of puttin' in a good word for me? -- You owe me! I always seen ya had the best, but did ya ever think of puttin' in a good word for me with this scumbag! You forget what I went through to give ya the best. I want 'im outta here -- Don't think I'm good enough to work for Gazzo? That's what I think of bums like you an' Gazzo! You're goin' up an' don't care enough to throw Paulie some crumbs! I give ya meat, an' I give ya my sister, too! Get outta my life both of ya's. You ain't no friend no more -- Go home! Outta my house I want ya! Shutup! I want nothin' -- I ain't no charity case! Get outta my house! Nothin'! I want nothin' from you!!! That so. Christ. Do me a favor -- His lungs, punch 'em out. Why? Don't get wise with me. I want ya to stop bein' a loser. Hey, I want ya out instamaticly. -- I'm sicka lookin' at ya hangin' around like a friggin' spider -- Go out -- Live! Do, enjoy life. Ya, ya goin' outta the bedroom an' I don't wanna know from nothin'. Like it would make a difference if you were, right? This guy's a friend and now he's takin' ya out. Christ, I been beggin' ya for a break until I'm sick inside. ...I can't haul meat no more. Outta my house I want ya!! I thought I was doin' ya a favor -- C'mon inside -- Y'know, my sister really likes ya. To see ya train. Yo, Rock. I made a few phone calls an' thanks to me ya goin' to be a big man -- Thatta dog? C'mon, ya screwin' her? You ballin' her? What gaps? What's the attraction? I don't see it? Ya really like her? The story -- what's happenin'? Ain't sure, what's the story? Y'know, d'ya think you an' my sister -- Ah, doin' good together? How 'bout you talk to 'em about me? Please do me that favor. If ya don't pay Gazzo, ya end up hangin' on the hook, right? I got whiskey here. How ya feelin'? Without havin' good people around, ya won't have such a good chance. Ya gotta have a guy help ya exercise, mebbe somebody to be standin' by with a towel or run errands, y'know. Y'know, to help keep ya livin' clean. Yo, Rock -- now ya'll be lookin' for people to help, right? He's takin' cheap shots. Don't it matter none he's makin' ya out a fool? -- I'd break his lips. Ice skate. Try again, c'mon, try again. Forget nothin' -- Here, talk to my sister, tell 'er somethin' nice. !! Ya want the bird, go out in the alley an' eat the bird -- I want ya outta the house -- Enjoy ya friggin' life... Ya hungry, Rock? Yeah, sure -- She's very excited. I'm askin' ya to go to him -- As a favor. Do me a favor -- Talk to Gazzo. Tell him I'm a friend an' would do a good job... Tell him I ain't bothered by nothin' an' would be a great collector... Bustin' bones don't bother me -- Tell him I'm a good worker. I don't need a doctor, I need a different job. Inflamed joints -- Walkin' in an' out of a freezer carryin' meat plays hell on the joints. Look at my hands -- See how the joints are swollen. I hate the friggin' game... I'd like to talk some business. Tomorrow you come for some bird, right? The girl's dryin' up! She's gotta live a little before her body dries up!! You're a pal, Rock -- How 'bout yo' talk to her? Y'know, it's Thanksgivin' tomorrow. I wanna kill the friggin' moron who broke the mirror. An' you're dyin' alone, too. She's a loser -- She don't enjoy life -- She reads -- Brainy -- Pushin' thirty friggin' years old! She's gonna die alone if she don't wise up. ...Adrian ain't sharp. Ya caught me in a bad mood. Sometimes she gets me so crazy, I'd like to split her head with a razor. My sister's a friggin' loser. Looks, huh? Forget her. You could do better than my sister. What? Yo, Rocky -- Look at this mirror. I'd like to kill the friggin' moron who broke this mirror.Do you have anything derogatory to say about the Champion? Do you feel you have a chance? We can cut that out later. Apollo Creed says he'll let you stay three rounds before he puts you away. How're you preparing for this Bicentennial bout? So much has happened lately -- Has it changed your life style much?And now your payday will be one hundred and fifty thousand dollars. Any comment? Is it true the most you've ever made in a prizefight is five hundred dollars? How will you fight Apollo Creed? This is your largest payday ever -- How do you feel about it?C'mon, it's true -- But that don't bother me -- I just wanna prove somethin' -- I ain't no bum... It don't matter if I lose... Don't matter if he opens my head... The only thing I wanna do is go the distance -- That's all. Nobody's ever gone fifteen rounds with Creed. If I go them fifteen rounds, an' that bell rings an' I'm still standin', I'm gonna know then I weren't just another bum from the neighborhood... It ain't so bad, 'cause I was a nothin' before -- ...I dunno. I been watchin' the movies -- studyin' -- He ain't weak nowhere. Yeah, I can't beat him. ...I can't beat him. ...Can't do it. I gotta go out for a while. I don't want ya cleanin' nobody else's cages no more. ...What? Yeah... Wanna hear a dirty joke? ...What's to say? I dunno what he wants from me -- Yo -- I ain't mad. I'm just outta joint when reporters are around -- They take cheap shots an' Paulie knows it. Yeah... Threw my whole day off. Ya right -- Mebbe we best just hold hands -- the shirt made me feel guilty, y'know. Yeah... But I think weak legs ain't bad sometimes, y'know. Can't fool around -- You look very great. Adrian, you really look great, y'know -- But I can't fool around durin' trainin' -- makes the legs weak. No... Sharp -- You look great. Sharp -- Real nice. They either say, 'Kill the nigger' or 'Hope you die, Honky.' -- What ya got in the bag? It did. Y'know how I said that stuff on television didn't bother me? 'Bout seven. Ya puttin' me on, right? How'd ya like hearin' ya name on TV? I always knew you was pretty. Could ya take off that hat. Do me another favor? The glasses... Please. Would ya take off your glasses? But I'm willin' to make the best of this uncomfortable situation. Yo, I'm not comfortable either. They're all the same. It's all right -- You're my guest. It's okay. What's the problem? You don't like me -- Don't like the turtles -- What is it? It's only temporary. What's the matter? Ya don't like the room? I'll call your brother. Why? You sure? D'you really wanna call? I had it pulled. People callin' all the time. Who needs it -- Who'd you wanna call? ...Oh, yeah, I bought the whole kit -- Yeah, ya sold me the turtles, the bowl, an' the mountain -- I had to get rid of the mountain 'cause they kept fallin' off. Here's the guys I was tellin' ya about -- This is Cuff an' Link. Would ya like a glass of water? ...Guess. After a rough fight, ya' nothin' but a large wound. Sometimes I feel like callin' a taxi to drive me from my bed to the bathroom... Ya' eyes hurt, ya' ears hurt, ya' hair even hurts... But the thing I'm proud of is I been in over sixty fights an' never had a busted nose -- Bent an' twisted an' bitten but never broke... That's rare. ...I'm at least half a bum. Yeah, fightin' is a crazy racket. The roughest part is the mornin' after. Ya gotta be a little soft to wanna be a pug... It's a racket where ya' almost guaranteed to end up a bum. Then why did I bother bringin' it up? 'Cause I'm dumb, that's why... Y'know, I think we make a real sharp coupla coconuts -- I'm dumb an' you're shy. Some people think bein' shy is a disease, but it don't bother me. I would say you're very shy by nature. Some people are very shy by nature. What's funny? Y'know how I got started in the fight racket? I just dislocated my finger. Absolutely. Ain't skated since I was fifteen -- That's when I started fightin' -- gotta watch the ankles. Yeah, fightin' use to be tops with me, but no more. All I wanted to prove was I weren't no bum -- That I had the stuff to make a good pro. I think mebbe we're early or somethin' -- Looks quiet, y'know. To you, to me it's Thursday. Hey, how's my buddy doin'? -- Nice dog -- Well, I'll see ya later. Shell-shocked! I smack 'em hard on the shell an' they get... What? Ain't your fault -- Here's the problem. Me, I'm kinda aggravated. ...How's the turtle food this week? Move your shoulders down. Don't like yours neither. Does that bum have to say that? She ain't retarded, she's shy. Of wa? Pull heat on me? -- I'll dent ya face! ...That's an old one. No dollar. Why? No wine. ...No wine -- Bad for ya' brain. Charge it. I must be goin' deaf 'cause I thought ya said, 'ten cents.' Yeah -- My ol' man who was never the sharpest told me -- I weren't born with much brain so I better use my body. This guy is beautiful -- get the Cokes. How 'bout some Cokes? It ain't your fault -- I originally done it in the Baby Crenshaw fight. That's me fightin' Big Baby Crenshaw -- Big Baby was the size of an airplane an' I broke my hands on his head -- I lost, but it's a nice picture, don't ya think? Hey, I ain't cryin'... I still fight. Kinda do it like a hobby. See I'm a natural southpaw an' most pugs won't fight a southpaw 'cause we mess up their timin' an' look awkward -- Southpaw means lefthanded... But I guess in the long run things probably worked out for the best, right? ...Yeah, give 'er the Blades. ...Ten minutes. Look at her, ya can see she ain't feelin' good -- needs a few minutes exercise -- Listen, I gotta problem. This girl ain't feelin' well, y'know -- The doctor says she should exercise, y'know once in awhile an' ice skatin' is the best thing -- Wait here, gotta smooth this guy out. Are ya closed to the General Public or to just everybody. Ya still light seventy. ...The juice is climbin' every week. What about for food an' stuff? That's it? -- Completely? A hundred an' thirty. Look, Bob, if ya wanna dance, ya gotta pay the band -- If ya borrow, ya gotta pay the man... Me, I ain't emotionally involved. What's ya name again? Mr. Gazzo says I should get two hundred or break the thumb. Mr. Gazzo wants the two hundred now! Yo, you gonna show, Tony? Black market? I'm gonna do somethin with it. No action. Gonna try. Do I have to pay juice? A few bucks. I feel bad about walkin'. Y'know I won't be able to work for ya no more. Thanks, Mr. Gazzo. Yeah. He's always in a bad mood. Count ya blessin's. Ya a healthy person -- ya legs work -- ya hands work -- Paulie's sister. How'd you know? Ya sure? Next Wednesday I grab a grand from Snyder. An' Thursday two yards from Cappoli, okay? I figure if I break the thumb this guy gets thrown outta his job and can't pay nothin' no more. ...Fine. He only had a hundred an' thirty. -- I think he's good for the rest next week, Mr. Gazzo. Sure, an' I'm smart enough to know that no sparrin' partner should take cheap shots at the Champ. He's just there to help condition the man. ...Like I said, I'd make a boss sparrin' mate. I wouldn't take no cheap shots. I'd be a good sparrin' partner. Absolutely -- Sparrin' with the Champ would be an honor -- y'know what? I know ya need sparrin' partners -- I'm very available. Sparrin'? No -- Just me. Rocky. ...Thanks. 'Night, Marie. Ya, somethin' like that. What was I gonna say? Listen, I hope ya don't -- Yo, a bad reputation -- Twenty years from now people will say 'D'you remember Marie?' 'No, who was she?' 'She was that little whore who hung out at the Atomic Hoagie Shop.' 'Oh, now I remember!'... See, they don't remember you, they remember the rep. That doesn't matter -- You don't really have to be a whore, just act like one an' that's it. 'Cause that's the way guys are -- They laugh when ya talk dirty. They think ya cute for a while, but then ya getta reputation an' watch out. Nobody's ever gonna take ya serious. Ya get no respect... I gotta use a bad word -- Whore. You'll end up maybe becomin' a whore. Nobody likes garbage -- Anyway, this girl with the dirty mouth wasn't bad lookin', but the guys wouldn't take her out for any serious datin'. Makes your breath like garbage. Make your teeth yella -- Hey! When I was your age, there was only one girl who talked like that in the whole neighborhood. How come ya wanna hang out with those guys? They teach ya bad things. Don't you never say that -- -- You guys talk like that in front of a little girl -- You guys are scum. What? Did these guys teach you to talk dirty? Huh? What'd you say? Yo, can I have my locker back? How I look out there, Mick? Would you keep goin'? See what? Fine... That guy's great. ...The guy's great. Damn! How's it look? See how fast he is -- damn! How am I doin'? Thanks, Mick -- I'm gonna try. Whatta ya think that outfit cost? I get the robe an' Paulie gets three grand. ...I'm doin' it for a friend. Yo, Benny. I never had good footwork. I asked, but ya never helped nothin'! -- Like the Bible sez, ya don't get no second chance. Whatever I got, I always got on the slide. This shot's no different. I didn't earn nothin' -- I got it on the slide... I needed ya help about ten years ago when I was startin', but ya never helped me none. I got pain an' experience too. The fight's set -- I don't need a manager. ...Ya gave Dipper my locker. Heart, but I ain't got no Tocker. Really think so? Nobody ever said that -- There's his picture. Ya got a good mind for dates. ...What? How 'bout a glass of water? Fifty years, huh. Turtles -- domestic turtles. Freak luck is a strange thing. Freak luck for sure. Yeah. I'm usta seein' ya at the gym, but seein' ya here, in my house, it's kinda outta joint. Best seat in the house -- Hey, Mick, this is too much. Hey, Mickey -- Whatta ya doin' here? Here, sit down. Probably lookin' for sparrin' partners. When was they here? Ya puttin' me on? Message -- What message? Yeah, sure. ...No. Listen, I'm gonna take a steam -- Did good last night -- Shoulda seen it. You think everybody I fight is a bum. Spider Rice. Yeah, Kayo. Yeah -- Yeah, they're goin', -- that's nature... That was my locker for six years. Twenty-five, thirty -- What's the difference? -- It took me two months to learn the combination of that locker. Come July, twenty-five. ...What? ...Tomato? I was talkin' with ya man, Mike. -- Hey, how come I been put outta my locker? Yeah. I said, how ya feelin'? Hey, how ya feelin', Mickey? Open my eyes -- Please, open my eyes! He ain't losin' nothin'. 'Bout what? Creed's great. You were ready to bite that guy's face. Whatta ya talkin' about it ain't my locker no more? Yo, Mike -- What's happenin' here? The owner was suppose to pick him up three weeks ago. ...What kinda dog is this again? How's Butkus this mornin'? Inventin' jokes ain't easy. What break? Huh? What break! Who am I to give breaks! I'm a fighter, you haul meat. You do what you do an' I do what I do best -- that's it -- that's life, man! What can I do about it? ...It's cold outside, Paulie. Yo, what's with you? -- It was suppose to be private. Whatta these guys want? Don't talk dirty 'bout ya sister. She got gaps. I got gaps -- together we fill the gaps. I dunno -- she fills gaps. Sure I like her. What? Whatta you think? Keep this job, ya eat better. Gazzo's a good man. ...No. ...Tight. Hey, who cared about me yesterday, huh? Nobody -- I think I'm gonna train myself. I'll do okay. Help what? It don't bother me none. It don't matter. Why? I didn't want no turkey anyway. What's ya sister like to do? ...Maybe I better forget it. Maybe ya better forget it. Ya sister knows I'm comin'? Gazzo's gotta come to you -- Hey, Paulie, it's a bad job -- Do what you do now. Gazzo's gotta come to you. Maybe another job is the best thing. Maybe ya should see a doctor. What kinda business? I usta be deadly at half-ball. Absolutely... ...Sure. Let's get outta this stink. I don't see no crowd around you, neither. I'm thirty myself. Ya always in a bad mood -- Don't get mental, man. Hey -- Yeah, like I was a plate of leftovers -- Somethin' wrong with my face -- Whatta I need, a Caddy to connect with ya sister? Every mornin', every night I pass by -- I smile. I say jokes. Nothin'. She looks at me. Your sister's givin' me the shoulder. Yo, Paulie. Yo, Paulie. Derogatory? Yeah, he's great. I'll tear his head off. Maybe -- Apollo's a great fighter. ...People talk to me more. Listen, I wanna say hi to my girlfriend -- Yo, Adrian! Four hundred -- But that was a long time ago. Creed's great, ain't he... I'll do what I can. Feel? I dunno... Happy.Cover the ribs -- Look here, elbow down, tight -- Tight -- stand straight -- you're the best, you're the best! Don't kill yourself, man -- Let the doctor stop the fight. Yo' bleedin' inside, man -- Get that doctor. You're hurtin', man! Get that doctor. Luck! You fightin' a crazy man -- but you got him hurt bad. More ice, now! He's movin' to your left -- don't let him no more -- dance and stick, hear? Don't play -- I know what ya feelin', but don't play. People nothin', you in a fight, my man, -- ya best believe what you hear... Knock that boy out soon an' let's go home. Don't play with this man, he's fightin' hard -- Let 'em feel some real heat! Sure -- He can hit -- Don't play no more -- Stick an' move, hear? I don't like you messin' with southpaws -- They do everything wrong. He won't last one round. Too old, dull fighter. Bobby Judge is a good boy. You's the novelty, Champ!