Your what? Well, if your breath is as sweet as your personality, I got a lot to look forward to. Adios. Yeah, well I kinda figured that. Not that I don't have any respect for the law, but what's your problem, man? What do you think? You paying for the gas? How much style? Last year, this was a new rig. You know how rumors start. I can make it to Texarkana and back in twenty-eight hours... that's no sweat. You're crazy, man. Smart dresser, but crazy. America's bored. Now, what do you want? If...? Yeah, it's the highlight of my day. See ya, Kate. You gotta admire the man's determination. Absolutely. That man is your father?!? What can I say? Hey... Well, at least it hasn't been boring. Maybe six months with good behavior. One to five. Weight Station. Sleep for a week. Wanna join me? The minute you see him, you'll know. It's not the beer. He just wants to see me fail. Bandit II? Well, that's what you get for falling in love with a guy who's first name is Ramblin'. And? I been thinking. Maybe I should drop you in Montgomery. I mean, the way things are going, it might get pretty hairy by the time we get to Atlanta. Kate... You only smoked three cigarettes through the entire state of Mississippi. I'm proud of you. I'm sure the Arkansas Bears put out an all-points. I know. Bandit two, bring yourself on in. An unmarked police car. I... uh... I don't know. I guess don't like to think about it. I guess if there's one lesson I've learned, it's that even misery has a tough time hitting a moving target. I forgot your question? -- Trucking ain't the easiest life in the world. I mean, you can't make it much past fifty and you sure as shit don't get a gold watch when you hang it all up. But I like keeping on the move. You know? No, actually I was thinking of becoming a brain surgeon. Let's hit it. Yeah, it's tough when your cheek- bones are your main asset. Mississippi's the other way! Where did you learn how to drive like this? You could've asked. Yeah. By stealing my car? You know this guy, don't you? What the hell are you doing?!? See ya, Kate. Trucker coffee. It's three times stronger. Good for a hundred miles. That, a coupla perks, and you can leap tall buildings in a single bound. Hey... The bus'll pick you up over there. Uh... you got enough bread for a ticket? Christ, what channel are we on?... Your honeymoon would've never been this exciting. Well? Believe me, there's nothing to be afraid of. A Texas Bear in Arkansas. Something's up and at this point in my life, I don't want to know what it is. That's a Texas cop. What the hell's he doing in Arkansas? You know, you're not a bad passenger. Shoot. Anything? I forget to tell you. I'm running blocker for four hundred cases of illegal brew. I give up. Would I lie to you? Mattoon, Illinois. But I moved down south to work in the Civil Rights movement. Yeah, I do. Especially from that angle. They're both a challenge. Driving? Having fun. Whaddya want to know? My sign? Okay. A what? Hey, you could get killed crossing the street. It's not a truck. It's the Rolls Royce of eighteen-wheelers. For a new Kenworth. That's a truck. I never looked at it that way. You ask a lot of questions. Cute. No, 'cause no one's ever made it from Atlanta to Texarkana and back in twenty-eight hours. I gotta get back to Atlanta in thirteen hours. Kate McConnell. Sweet, shy... well- dressed. I'm giving her a lift to the next waterhole. Absolutely not. In fact, I picked up a bride yesterday; except she was a singer. All sound reasons for matrimony. I owe you a big one, Hot Pants. But you'll do it? I'm begging. What do you want me to do, Hot Pants? Beg? Hot Pants, please. I'm gonna be flying by in about five minutes with Smokey on my tail. Can you lock it off behind me? Because I need your help, sweet thing. And I need it bad. Another time. That's me. Nothing on 'em and two cups of mud; one while I'm waiting. Couple of cheeseburgers, no condiments... But they're waiting for me. They don't even know Cledus Snow exists. Yeah, but... How's the clock, Bandit II. What's that, pardner? You're coming up to the scale house. Bandit II? You're about to hit a convoy. Tighten up your rubber band. The oncoming's clear. We're gonna have to do a little tightrope act. -- How we doing? God's back on our side, so let's get smokin'. You okay? We'll be waiting. Over. You're gonna hit some heavy precipitation in about six minutes. Better let your flaps down, these roads are killers when they're damp. -- Looks like a clear shot to the 'Bama State Line. We're outta motion lotion. Bandit two, I gotta make a quick pit stop. Nope. Just keep those wheels churning. Never mind. It's nothing. We're gone. Just don't worry about it. How we doin' timewise? Then don't. I ran into complications. Son-of-a-gun. Me too. -- Gimme a twenty, pardner. As far as John Law knows, I'm just a joy ridin' Georgia redneck. We keep 'em outta your backyard, we're cool. Now just give me five to ditch this idiot and I'll meet you in Ole Miss. I'm still trying to ditch this Texas Smokey. I don't know what the sucker wants. What's your twenty? On its way. Give me a coupla minutes, okay? Yeah, guy? I'll drop off my fare, hit a quick choke-and-puke and be blocking for you pronto. What does the old Timex say? If I knew, Cledus; I'd be on College Bowl. Not for long, you ain't. What's your twenty? On two lane blacktop. Mile marker six-one. How we doin' on time? Tell him we'll be back on the highway in a second. You can't swear on these. This is Bandit I, come back. Clear and rolling. I hate to say I told you so. We still on schedule? Right. Give me your pen. We'll tell 'em to bill Kyle. Let's get the hell outta here. They're jammed! Can a pig whistle? Redneck heaven. Let's keep it that way. Shit! No one's here. Okay, we got a straight shot to T Town, so let her roll. Pull your hammer back, Smokey's coming at you. Because they said it couldn't be done. Yeah? I'm gonna run a couple miles ahead of you. Keep both feet on the floor. We'll be moving ninety and over. Two is one. Listen, let's just stay on the odd channels and switch everytime. Start in the basement. Now, let's haul ass. Twenty-one is nineteen. Six. Got it. Go. Running blocker. Also boring. We gotta let the slack out, Cledus; this is costing us time. How long's this gonna take? And if we don't, they're gonna be riding high in a brand new Kenworth. See. Quit being so negative, guy; 'course we're gonna make it. We ain't never not made it, have we? Yeah, I can tell he's gonna be a major asset. Did I tell you they're gonna give us a brand new Kenworth? No one's ever done it before. This'll put us on the map. Is that any way to talk to your ole partner? Look, it's only nine hundred miles each way. How'd you know? Wake up, man; I just got us a hot run for big bucks. Cledus. What else? Can you give me cover, Mister B? Breaker, Breaker. This is Bandit I, coming up on a portable gas station. Do you copy? What's up, Dixie Chicken? Pick it up, Breaker. Thanks much, Silver Tongued Devil. What's your twenty and what's your handle? Go head on, breaker. Go breaker. About one to five years worth. Seventy-two five. Why do you want this barley pop so bad? Wonderful psychology. Why don't you say something about my mom? Excuse me. See, running Coors Beer east of Texas is what bothers me. It makes me a bootlegger.Get your hands off my daughter! You know, you may think you're gonna get away, but I promise you, everytime you turn around, I'll be there, breathing down your neck. You. Just the man who's gonna see you driven to your knees! Sheriff Buell Clayton from Texas.Well, they're gonna. It's time this gearjammer rode to glory. Now, move aside; good buddy. I'm coming through. When we agree to do a job, we do it. Right? Are you loco, pardner!?! We've come this far. Ticking away, but it looks like a clear shot to Hot Town. Green lights and white lines all the way. Don't take that foot off the hammer, 'cause you got wall-to-wall Bears about to pour over you like maple syrup. Bandit I, let me offer my heartiest congratulations and a piece of advice. I'm cucumber cool. I'm here. I'm all ears. Let's boogie. Talk to me. It's gonna be close. Real close. Roger. Keep the shiny side up and the greasy side down. Right, Fred? Just fine. What's the weather like? Ran into a little hassle at the eatum- up-stop. It shouldn't last. Gives me time to take a go-go juice break. I'm all ears, good buddy. I'll believe it when I see it. I'll keep streaking. Pick me up. Now what? Anything else you don't want me to know? Bandit? Not good enough to be standing here shooting the bull. -- But everytime we've ever messed up, it's because your rhyme's over- ruling your reason. I know you think you're God's gift to waitresses, but... I hate to say it... I thought you were dumping the chick at the truck stop. I'm at marker eight-five. If you don't, we can kiss that Kenworth good-bye. What they all want -- to handcuff a hero. 'Bout fourteen miles this side of Mississippi. Do I have a choice? My vocal cords are fine, but Fred's ain't. He's been barking, eating the seats and driving me crackers. Hear that? Where's his chow? Pick up a burger for Fred. He's going crazy. Bandit? She's losing minutes so you better start running interference or we're never gonna make it. Might I remind you this was your brainstorm. I hope that's you, buddy; 'cause I'd hate to start believing in ghosts. What's a Texas Smokey doing in Arkansas, man? I'm 'bout four miles ahead of you, turkey. Thirty-eight minutes ahead of schedule. This is Bandit II. Now, where the hell are you? What's going on, Bandit? Come on. Bandit I, do you copy? Save it. We got a long haul. Forty-two minutes ahead. Shouldn't we pay 'em for the damages? Hit the brakes! You know how to drive one of these things? Liquid gold. That's 'cause we're damn near an hour ahead of schedule. He's history. Loud and clear. Why are we doing this? Bandit? You're wall to wall and tree top tall. If I say go to two, it's really one. If I say go to twenty-one, go to nineteen. Now, if I say go to channel three, it really means go to six. All right, here's our plan of communication, so as to avoid Smokey. What are you doin' now? But I still don't think... If you ask me, I think we should make that run to Choo Choo Town and pick up that load of lumber. Nice. Easy. And within the law. I don't know, man. Ask him? Our asses gonna be in a sling if we get caught. No. You know of course, we ain't ever gonna make it. Believe me, man; Fred'll be no problem. Waynette! Or in the slammer. That means we gotta average ninety- four miles per. Forget it. Twenty-eight hours! You're outta your gord. Whadda we have to do -- kidnap the Pope? No. Oh, yeah. Good for him. Uh-uh. What Cobra? Gimme three sloppy joes and a coupla cups of hot stuff. You're soundin' real bodacious. Back. Yes, ma'am. That's a Texas bubble gum machine on your back porch. I'll keep my eyeballs peeled. Shut up, Fred. Where the hell are you? Listen, pardner; this ain't no time to be getting laid.Have any trouble getting here? He's thirsty. Pop, a K-Whopper's worth seventy thou. I think you're just yellow. It ain't ever been done before, hot shit. Congratulations. You just became a legend maker. Five thou. Yes, sir. Oh. But if it can't be done, how's he gonna do it? Why don't we just rent a Lear jet and haul it back ourselves? I still think this whole idea is dumb, pop. Is that Bandit in the lead?You sure do. I'll do it. I want you to know I'm doing this against my better instincts. Yes. I'm working, Bandit. Besides, what's the matter? Won't your new girl friend help you? Why should I?You got my barley pop? Four hundred cases worth. Well? I got a boy running in the Peach Tree Classic tomorrow and when he wins, I wanna celebrate in style. But it wasn't a Kenworth. Look, you make this little run for me, I'll buy you a new rig. I hear a few weeks ago you smuggled sixteen Beaners up to West Virginia. What's the matter? Legend has it Bandit LaRue's king of the road. You to forget this dumbass Roadeo and take on a real challenge. I can't believe there's two thousand people here to watch a bunch of guys back up their trucks. What's he get if he wins here? Aw, ain't you glad to see me, Bandit? That crazy sumbitch made it. Chickenshit money. Now, you just find him, son. That's the point, Dickey. Because I wanna see this hot shot Bandit do something that can't be done. Besides, there's nothing I like better than breaking legends. Then it must be a helluva idea. If that sumbitch was in the race, he'd be in the winner's circle by now.I don't know where he's goin' or what he's doin', but I sure hope to God he makes it. Some boy named Bandit's been givin' the Highway Patrol shit fits. You pass that funky Cobra on the highway?Bandit, this is Mister B, and I'm gearjamming this rolling refinery. You got another Smokey on the rubber? Thanks for the break. Bandit, this here's the Dixie Chicken. Breaker. Breaker. My handle's Silver Tongued Devil and I'm here to tell you, your fellow CB'ers are mighty proud of y'all. My handle's Smokey Bear and I got you by the tail. I would say your future's looking dim, boss. Bandit, I just thought I'd lay a Smokey report on you. Breaker. Breaker.-- Did ya hear they nailed the Bandit? -- Breaker, Breaker. This is Banana Peel. -- Okey, doke. Last one to the Roadeo is a homo. -- Thanks much. I'd like to get me a Smokey report? -- Breaker, this is Banana Peel...-- Yeah, I heard. But they won't hold him for long. Anyway, he sure gave them sumbitches a run for their money. -- Yeah, Banana Peel, go head on. -- Road looks clean as a hound's tooth. -- Yeah, Breaker go head on.It's for my brudder. Alvy Singer! Hey! This is Alvy- Yeah, I do. It's for my girl friend. Make it out to Ralph. Can I have your autograph? This guy's on television. This guy's on television! Alvy Singer, right? Am I right? Come on. What's your name? You were on... uh, the... uh, the Johnny Carson, right? What's your name? Hey, you on television? Not only is he a great agent, but he really gives good meetings. All the good meetings are taken. Well, you take a meeting with him, I'll take a meeting with you if you'll take a meeting with Freddy. Singer! This guy, on the Johnny Carson show. This is Alvy Singer! Hey!M'mm. I took a meeting with Freddy. Freddy took a meeting with Charlie. You take a meeting with him. Alvy Singer over here! Who's on television? What?Okay, if that's all that we've been through together means to you, I guess it's better if we just said goodbye, once and for all! You know, it's funny, after all the serious talks and passionate moments that it ends here... in a health food restaurant on Sunset Boulevard. Goodbye, Sunny. It's an important issue. You didn't read "Death in Venice" till I gave it to you! You're a thinking person. How can you choose this lifestyle?Your girl friend's name is Ralph? You don't want my autograph. I need a large polo mallet! Gimme a break, will yuh, gimme a break. Jesus Christ! Fellas... you know-Jesus! Come on! Alvy Singer. It was nice nice... Thanks very much... for everything. I'm... I'm, uh, I'm Robert Redford. Once in a while, you know. I mean, you know, every now- You wouldn't know it. It doesn't matter. What's the difference? No. Yeah, once in a while. You know, like occasionally. Oh, my God! She's right! Why did I turn off Allison Portchnik? She was-she was beautiful. She was willing. She was real... intelligent. Is it the old Groucho Marx joke? That-that I-I just don't wanna belong to any club that would have someone like me for a member? I-I-I-I would leave out the men's- room attendant. Tsch. L-L-Lyndon Johns Lyndon Johnson is a politician. You know the ethics those guys have? It's like-uh, a notch underneath child molester. Hey... honey, I don't know Earl Warren. Well, why not? If they-they recovered the shells from that rifle. It-but it-it... doesn't make any sense. He drove past the book depository and the police said conclusively that it was an exit wound. So-how is it possible for Oswald to have fired from two angles at once? It doesn't make sense. H'm, I'm sorry, I can't go through with this, because it-I can't get it off my mind, Allison... it's obsessing me! Yeah? Allison what? that I've got to... ah... ah... They're gonna laugh at him for a couple minutes, then I gotta go out there, I gotta ... get laughs, too. How much can they laugh? They-they they're laughed out. I prefer not to, because... look, they're laughing at him. See, so what are yuh telling me- No, because they're-they're laughing, so I-I-I'd rather not. If you don't mind, I prefer- No, I'm sorry, I'm not goin'- I can't... I don't wanna go on after that comedian. So what are you telling me, you're putting on two comics in a row? No, it can't be, because he's a comic. What do you mean, next? Alvy... Alvy Singer. I'm a comedian. Excuse... excuse me, when do I go on? I thought just earplugs. You mean they give awards for that kind o' music? The what? Air miles, you know. I mean, you know what that does to my stomach? You mean that... I-I-I-I flew three thousand miles to see you. The usual, you know. Uh, tryin' t' write. I'm workin' on a play. Jesus. So whatta yuh saying? That you're not comin' back to New York with me? No. Yes, of course I'm mad, because you love me, I know that. Okay. Check, please. Can I -can I... Can I... Can I... I can't enjoy anything unless I... unless everybody is. I-you know, if one guy is starving someplace, that's... you know, I-I... it puts a crimp in my evening. So wanna get married or what? That's right, 'cause it's an important issue. Hey, you didn't read "Death in Venice" till I bought it for yuh. So whatta you... You're not gonna come back to New York? Why? You wanna live out here all year? It's like living in Munchkin Land. You see, I-I've been thinking about it and I think that we should get married. You look very pretty. Yeah. You know, I-I-I don't think many couples could handle this. You know, they could just break up and remain friends. We can always come back together again. Because there's no-there's no problem. 'Cause... Right. Right. And you-and you know what the beauty part is? Yeah, and I-I tru- you know, I trust her, because my-my analyst recommended her. Thanks, honey. Remember that day? This is the first book that I got you. This "Denial of Death". You remember this? There's no-no question in my mind. I think we're doing the mature thing, without any doubt. Oh, it sure has... You know, you wrote your name in all my books, 'cause you knew this day was gonna come. Whose "Catcher in the Rye" is this? Tsch, I know. A relationship, I think, is-is like a shark, you know? It has to constantly move forward or it dies. And I think what we got on our hands is a dead shark. Yeah, she's got a great-lookin' fa- A pat on the androgynous side. But it's... Yeah, and gradually you get old and die. You know it's important to make a little effort once in a while. I'm cool. I'm into garbage. It's my thing. Yeah, this place is great. Christ! I'm nauseous. Oh, jesus, now I don't get to do the TV show? Oh, oh, no, I can't-I can't eat this. I'm nauseous. If you could-if you could just give me something to get me through the next two hours, you know I-I have to go out to Burbank... and give out an award on a TV show. It's that they don't throw their garbage away. They make it into television shows. Really? And what is the kick of it? Because I never... ...I'm thrilled. As you know, uh... uh, on my agent's advice I sold out, and I'm gonna do an appearance on TV. Oh, I'm sure it's a lot of fun, 'cause the Incas did it, you know, and-and they-they-they were a million laughs. Yeah, I know it's sick, but it's new. You know, you didn't say it couldn't be sick. How can you say that? I mean, who said I-I-I-I said that you, I and that girl from your acting class should sleep together in a threesome. You know... it's getting expensive my analyst... for her analyst. She- she's making progress and I'm not making any progress. Her progress is defeating my progress. The incredible thing about it is, I'm paying for her analysis and she's making progress and I'm getting screwed. I mean... I tried everything, you know, I-I-I put on soft music and my- my red light bulb, and... She would not sleep with me the other night, you know, it's- Hardly ever. Maybe three times a week. Well, we never have any laughs anymore, is the problem. I'm just not... you know, I don't think I could take a mellow eve- 'cause I-I don't respond well to mellow, you know what I mean, I-I have a tendency to... if I get too mellow, I-I ripen and then rot. You know, and it's-it's not good for my... What's... you... well, what's the matter, You w-wanna go to that party? yes, we had, uh... Don't you remember we-we-we discussed that thing that we were- Remember, we had that thing. You were-you were sensational. I mean, I-you know, I-I told yuh that if yuh stuck to it, you would be great, and-and, you know, I-I-you- you were sensational. Yeah, I know. Just-just put on the watch, and-and... that thing, and we'll just... Check it out. Here's a real present. Try it... it'll add years to our sex life. Yeah, hey, why don't yuh try it on? Happy birthday. Yeah, but no presents till midnight. Ah? Oh, well, your birthday's not till tomorrow, honey, I hate to tell yuh. Oh, look, look, there's that... that's that's my old house. That's where we used to live. Hey, can yuh watch the road? Watch the -- That'd be fun for yuh. Don't you think- Tsch, why don't we get... why don't we get Rob, and the three of us'll drive into Brooklyn, you know, and we show you the old neighborhood. I don't know. It's all right for me, it's been terrific, you know? Better than either one of my marriages. See, 'cause... 'cause there's just something different about you. I don't know what it is, but it's great. Oh, no, no, I think we're both much too mature for something like that. I'm sorry. I had the television set had the television- Oh, I had the radio on. W-w-whatta you mean? What? Oh, Jesus, really? Whatta you mean, don't go? Whatta- whatta what's the matter? Whatta you expecting termites? What's the matter? Whatta-whatta yuh joining a minstrel show? Geez. Don't worry! I did it! I killed them both. What- what's the matter? Whatta you- whatta you sad about? You- What'd you want me to do? Capture 'em and rehabilitate 'em? Hey, what is this? You got black soap? Honey, there's a spider in your bathroom the size of a Buick. Okay, let me have this. snow shovel or anything or something. Yep. I didn't think it was that big, but it's a major spider. You got a broom or something with a- Two... Yeah. Lotta, lotta trouble. There's two of 'em. Very big spider. Darling, darling, I've been killing spiders since I was thirty, okay? Is he in the bathroom? Yeah, where is the spider? Hey, what am I-your son? Whatta you mean? I-I came over to -- Well, I was in be- It's three o'clock in the morning. You, uh, you got me outta bed, I ran over here, I couldn't get a taxi cab. You said it was an emergency, and I didn't ge- I ran up the stairs. Hell - I was a lot more attractive when the evening began. Look, uh, tell- Whatta you- Are you going with a right-wing rock-and- roll star? Is that possible? It's wonderful. Then why don'tcha get William F. Buckley to kill the spider? What is this? What are you, since when do you read the "National Review"? What are you turning in to? Oh, humdinger. When- Well, I got a wonderful idea. Why don'tcha get the guy who took you to the rock concert, we'll call him and he can come over and kill the spider. You know, it's a- Oh, yeah, really? Really? How-how'd you like it? Was it-was it, I mean, did it... was it heavy? Did it achieve total heavy-ocity? Or was it, uh... Jesus. All right, gimme a magazine. I- 'cause I'm a little tired. You know, you, you joke with-about me, you make fun of me, but I'm prepared for anything. An emergency, a tidal wave, an earthquake. Hey, what is this? What? Did you go to a rock concert? I told you a thousand times you should always keep, uh, a lotta insect spray. You never know who's gonna crawl over. Kill it! For Go- What's wrong with you? Don't you have a can of Raid in the house? Oooh. That's what you got me here for at three o'clock in the morning, 'cause there's a spider in the bathroom? What? Are you okay? What's the matter? Are you all right? What- What's- It's me, open up. I'm following you and David, if you- David! David! I can't believe this! Adult education is such junk! The professors are so phony. How can you do it? She said, "Will it change my wife." You heard that because you were there so I'm not crazy. You said, "Will it change..." Wife. Will it change... Yeah, but you said, "Will it change my wife"! Will it change your wife? Tsch, what'd the doctor say? Sinatra had gl- You never said Sinatra had glasses. So whatta you saying that I-I'm suffocating you? Whatta you mean? Me? Well, well, sure... because he's a singer and you're a singer, you know, so it's perfect. So you're trying to suffocate yourself. It-it makes perfect sense. Uh, uh, that's a perfect analytic... kind of insight. Yeah? Sinatra? I whine. I-I-I sit and I whine. You cried? I've never once cried. Fantastic... That's amazing. I-I-I... I've been goin' for fifteen years, I-you know, I don't got... nothing like that in- Tsch. Rea- All this happened in the first hour? M'hm. G-go on, I'm interested. Me? I'm-I'm one of the few males who suffers from that, so, so... you know. M'm. Yeah? Oh, yeah? How'd it go? Well, listen, that's, a nice bi-it's a biblical name. Right? W-What does he call you? Bathsheba? David? You call your teacher David? Next thing you know he'll find you keen and peachy, you know? Next thing you know he's got his hand on your ass! "Neat"! There's that- What are you- twelve years old? That's one o' your Chippewa Falls expressions! "He thinks I'm neat." Hey, don't knock masturbation! It's sex with someone I love. What's the difference? It's all mental masturbation. Oh, stop it. But you were having an affair with your college professor. That jerk that teaches that incredible crap course "Contemporary Crisis in Western Man"! Yeah-well, I didn't start out spying. I-I thought I'd surprise yuh. Pick you up after school. Paranoid? I'm looking at you. You got your arms around another guy. Following is different. I was spying. Why? 'Cause I... was walkin' along a block behind you staring at you? That's not following! I didn't follow you! Yeah. Yeah, I know, they'll hate me immediately. Thank you. You're so sure about it. Well, the twelve o'clock show is completely different than the nine. Are yuh? C-c-coll- College audiences are so wonderful. Hey, what is this-an interview? We're supposed to be making love. so if I get a laugh from a person who's high, it doesn't count. You know-'cause they're always laughin'. Well, it ruins it for me if you have grass because, you know, I'm, like, a comedian- Yeah, but that's not-that's no good. I want the whole thing. Is it my imagination or are you just going through the motions? I don't know, but you seem sort of distant. Really? I don't know. You- It's like you're- you're removed. M'm, wait, I got a great idea. Hang in there for a second. I got a little-little artifact. A little erotic artifact, that-that I brought up from the city, which I think, uh, is gonna be perfect. I just... there... There's a little Old New Orleans... essence. Now-now we can go about our business here and we can even develop photographs if we want to. There, now there. M'mmm. M'mmm. Hey, is something wrong? No, no, no, what... You can once, you can live without it once. Come on. Oh, come, you don't need that. Well, I'll give you a shot of sodium pentothal. You can sleep through it. Oh, you-you have to be artificially relaxed before we can go to bed? Me, no. You... I-I-you know, if I have grass or alcohol or anything I get unbearably wonderful. I get too, too wonderful for words. You know, I don't-I don't know why you have to, uh, get high every time we make love. Yeah, grass, right? The illusion that it will make a white woman more like Billie Holiday. No, don't be silly. What-what do we need other people for? You know, we should-we should just turn out the lights, you know, and play hide and seek or something. Just don't take any course where they make you read Beowulf. 'Cause adult education's a wonderful thing. You meet a lotta interesting professors. You know, it's stimulating. Hey, don't be ridiculous. It's-it's got bad plumbing and bugs. Jesus, I'll-My accountant will write it off as a tax deduction, I'll pay for it. That place is four hundred dollars a month? It's different 'cause you keep your own apartment. Because you know it's there, we don't have to go to it, we don't have to deal with it, but it's like a-a-a free-floating life raft... that we know that we're not married. No-what, what...? I... we live together, we sleep together, we eat together. Jesus, you don't want it to be like we're married, do yuh? Ye-ah. Was it... It was yours actually, but, uh, I approved it immediately. How- I don't want you to live with me? How- Whose idea was it? All right, granted, it has bad plumbing and bugs, but you-you say that like it's a negative thing. You know, bugs are-are-uh, entomology is a... ...rapidly growing field. Yeah, I know it's small. Yeah, but you-you got a nice apartment. Yeah, bu-bu-but why? Whatta you mean? You're not gonna give up your own apartment, are you? Don't you think I do? I love you. You know I lo-ove you, I-I love you. I-I have to invent- Of course I love you. I-uh, love is, uh, is too weak a word for what... I know you've only known me a short while. That's the key question. You- Do you love me? You know what I mean? Like the tip o'your nose, and if I stroke your teeth or your kneecaps... you get excited. Uh... uh, you're-you're exceptional in bed because you got -you get pleasure in every part of your body when I touch you. Unbelievably sexy. Yes, you are. Because... you know what you are? You're-you're polymorphously perverse. You are extremely sexy. And there's the winner of the Truman Capote look-alike contest. No, I'm serious. I just got my mustache wet. Yeah, he's the Mafia. Linen Supply Business or Cement and Contract, you know what I mean? Oh, that's hilarious. They're back from Fire Island. They're... they're sort of giving it a chance-you know what I mean? Look at these guys. There's-there's-there's-there's Mr. When-in-the-Pink, Mr. Miami Beach, there, you know? He's the latest! just came back from the gin-rummy farm last night. He placed third. Look, look at that guy. You know, and the miserable is everyone else. That's-that's all. So- so when you go through life you should be thankful that you're miserable, because that's- You're very lucky... to be... ...to be miserable. I don't-don't know how they get through life. It's amazing to me. And blind people, crippled... ...you know, they're- The-the horrible would be like, uh, I don't know, terminal cases, you know? Those are the two categories... I've a very pessimistic view of life. You should know this about me if we're gonna go out, you know. I-I-I feel that life is-is divided up into the horrible and the miserable. big subject with me, yeah. Yeah, 'cause I-I'm, you know, I'm, I'm obsessed with-with, uh, with death, I think. Big- I-I-I'm gonna buy you these books, I think, because I-I think you should read them. You know, instead of that cat book. Hey? M'hm. You're not gonna believe this, but- I tried to take my pants off over my head... ...my ear. No, no, I-I-i, uh, I don't use any major hallucinogenics because I took a puff like five years ago at a party and No, that was the most fun I've ever had without laughing. Good? I was- Really. I mean it. I-I'll never play the piano again. Yeah, I'm-I'm-I'm a wreck. Yeah. "There goes another novel." Jesus, you were great. As Balzac said... My first... Yes, she was nice, but you know, uh, it was my fault. I was just... I was too crazy. Nothing that a few mega-vitamins couldn't cure. I'm gonna have a corned beef. Okay. Yeah. Okay? And we'll digest our food better. And-and uh, there's gonna be all that tension. You know, we never kissed before and I'll never know when to make the right move or anything. So we'll kiss now we'll get it over with and then we'll go eat. Okay? Yeah, why not, because we're just gonna go home later, right? Gimme a kiss. Hey, listen, listen. It's terrific. Yeah! No, I'm not gonna letcha. You have a great voice. No, they didn't. You have a wonderful voice. Oh, listen, so the audience was a tad restless. you're gonna like night clubs, they're really a lotta fun. That's okay, 'cause I know exactly what that's like. Listen- No, so help me. You're gonna sing? Do you sing? Well, no, it isn't No kidding? this is my first time. Oh, really? Where? I'd like to come. Oh, no, no, no, no, no! No, I'm interested! think that's, uh- Yeah, I meet a lotta jerks, too. Gee, boy, what do you have? You have plague? Oh, you... you're very popular, I can see. Oh, I'm sorry, wait a minute, I have something. Well, what about Saturday night? You know, I gotta get there and begin whining soon... otherwise I- Hey... well, are you busy Friday night? So, did you do shoot the photographs in there or what? Oh, thank you. God bless. Fifteen years, yeah. 'cause, uh, you never know what's gonna happen. You know, I don't like to show my body to a man of my gender- 'Cause I don't like to get naked in front of another man, you know-it's, uh... Me? No, no, no, 'cause I never shower in a public place. No, I know, but... but, you know, I'm all perspired and everything. ...and... uh, yeah, uh... uh, you know, I-I-I... Yeah, it's a great story, though, I mean, I... I... it really made my day. Hey, I think I should get outta here, you know, 'cause I think I'm imposing, you know... Uh, narcolepsy. Well, who's Sadie? Duane? Uh, I hate to tell yuh, this is nineteen seventy-five, you know that "neat" went out, I would say, at the turn of the century. Who-who are-who are those photos on the wall? Neat? Oh, sorry. Interesting poetess whose tragic suicide was misinterpreted as romantic, by the college-girl mentality. Sylvia Plath. Yeah, uh, I'm gonna give him one more year and then I'm goin' to Lourdes. Y-y-yeah, just for fifteen years. Sure, I got... I got nothing, uh, nothing till my analyst's appointment. No, I got time. No, no, that'll be fine. I don't mind. Sure. I'll see yuh. Well... thank you again. Jesus, my-my grammy... n-never gave gifts, you know. She-she was too busy getting raped by Cossacks. Your grammy! You're jo- Whatta yuh kid- What did you do, grow up in a Norman Rockwell painting? Who? Grammy? Grammy Hall? And I love what you're wearin'. You're the worst driver I've ever seen in my life... that's including any place... the worst... Europe, United... any place... Asia. Well, thanks, thank you. You-you're a wonderful tennis player. You want your gear? Here you go. You want your tennis stuff? That's okay, you... we-we can walk to the curb from here. You keep it nice. Can I ask you, is this-is this a sandwich? Nice car. Yeah. I got, uh, I got a license but I have too much hostility. Do I drive? Uh, no, I gotta-I gotta problem with driving. I'll getcha a piece. For yuh. No, no, no, no, you just... just watch the road. I'll get it- No, no thanks. Hey, don't- Uh, you're driving a- Right! Where? I, uh... well, you're not from New York, right? Oh - you're an actress. So, how long do you know Janet? Where do you know her from? Yeah. So sorry. Uh, well, you just said you were going downtown. Down- I'm-I'm goin' uptown. Sure. W-w-w-which way yuh goin'? You have a car? So... I don't understand why... if you have a car, so then-then wh-why did you say "Do you have a car?"... like you wanted a lift? No, um... I was gonna take a cab. Uh... you-you wanna lift? You-you play... very well. Hi. Oh, hi. Hi. Well, no... not just, not only. La-de-da. If I-if anyone had ever told me that I would be taking out a girl who used expressions like "la- de-da"... Yeah, I-I think you're pretty lucky I came along. Hey, that was last year. Well, then, w-who was? So, so-well, here's what I wanna know. W-what... Am I your first big romance? All right, here! Oh, God, it's disgusting! All right! All right! All right! All right! Whatta yuh mean? Are yuh gonna take pictures now? You know, I-I think... if I could pry this door off... We shoulda gotten steaks 'cause they don't have legs. They don't run around. Annie, there's a big lobster behind the refrigerator. I can't get it out. This thing's heavy. Maybe if I put a little dish of butter sauce here with a nutcracker, it will run out the other side, you know what I mean? Okay, it's in. It's definitely in the pot! Gimme! Gimme! Let me do it! What- what's he think we're gonna do, take him to the movies? Talk to him. You speak shellfish! Hey, look... put it in the pot. Look! Look, one crawled behind the refrigerator. It'll turn up in our bed at night. Will you get outta here with that thing? Jesus! Don't give it to me. Don't! If they're only babies, then you pick 'em up. Well, maybe we should just call the police. Dial nine-one-one, it's the lobster squad. Look, I told you it was a... mistake to ever bring a live thing in the house. M'm. It's always some kind of an excuse. It's- You know, you used to think that I was very sexy. What... When we first started going out, we had sex constantly... We're-we're probably listed in the Guinness Book of World Records. What-what-I don't... It's not natural! We're sleeping in a bed together. You know, it's been a long time. What-what-what-what's the matter? Yeah, 'cause it's supposed to. You? You kiddin'? If the Gestapo would take away your Bloomingdale's charge card, you'd tell 'em everything. Boy, those guys in the French Resistance were really brave, you know? Got to listen to Maurice Chevalier sing so much. I-I-I mean, I'm comparatively normal for a guy raised in Brooklyn. Well, he's spitting on my neck! You know, he's spitting on my neck when he talks. Hey, you... everybody in line at the New Yorker has to know our rate of intercourse? You know what a hostile gesture that is to me? How can you possibly oversleep? I'm-I'm-I'm gonna have a stroke. Well, I'm sorry, I-I can't... I-I- I've gotta see a picture exactly from the start to the finish, 'cause- 'cause I'm anal. I don't know now. You-you wanna go to another movie? So let's go see The Sorrow and the Pity. Hey, can we not stand here and argue in front of everybody, 'cause I get embarrassed. You wanna get coffee for two hours or something? We'll go next- No, I'm sorry, I can't do it. We- we've blown it already. I-you know, uh, I-I can't go in in the middle. Hey, you are in a bad mood. You-you- you must be getting your period. Deal! I'm dealing with two guys named Cheech! Bad mood? I'm standing with the cast of "The Godfather." I-i-i-i-it's all right, fellas. Jesus, what'd you do, come by way of the Panama Canal? Right. Tsch, well, I have to-I have t-o go now, Duane, because I-I'm due back on the planet earth. Oh, yeah? Terrific. Oh, hi, Duane, how's it goin'? Tell the folks where you are today, Donald. I did. Why, I was just expressing a healthy sexual curiosity. What'd I do? What'd I do? Well, I'm-I'm gonna take another in a series of cold showers. Jesus! Bad? Oh, you got a headache! What- Hey, come on, it's quiet now. We can- we can start again. Well, I can't li- We can't have this discussion all the time. The country makes me nervous. There's... You got crickets and it-it's quiet... there's no place to walk after dinner, and... uh, there's the screens with the dead moths behind them, and... uh, yuh got the-the Manson family possibly, yuh got Dick and Terry- Jesus, last night it was some guy honking his car horn. I mean, the city can't close down. You know, what-whatta yuh gonna do, h-have 'em shut down the airport, too? No more flights so we can have sex? Don't get upset! "Why-why do you always r-reduce my animal urges to psychoanalytic categories? he said as he removed her brassiere..." What's fascinating is that it's physical. You know, it's one thing about intellectuals, they prove that you can be absolutely brilliant and have no idea what's going on. But on the other hand... the body doesn't lie, as-as we now know. Hey, you wouldn't believe this. Two minutes ago, the Knicks are ahead fourteen points, and now... they're ahead two points. Oh, really, I heard that Commentary and Dissent had merged and formed Dysentery. I'm so tired of spending evenings making fake insights with people who work for Dysentery. 'Cause I wanna watch the Knicks on television. Yeah, two more chairs and they got a dining-room set. Uh, oh, I don't know. It might have been Leopold and Loeb. Hello. Oh, hi... Uh, no, what-what's the matter? What-what-what? You sound terrible... No, what- Sure I- Whatta yuh what kind of an emergency?... No, well, stay there. Stay there, I'll come over right now. I'll come over right now. Just stay there, I'll come right over. I think-I think there's too much burden placed on the orgasm, you know, to make up for empty areas in life. Oh, tsch, thank you. H'm. Oh, no, no, don't be... tsch... don't be silly. You know, I'm startin' it-I'm startin' to get some feeling back in my jaw now. Yeah, were yuh? I was-I was at an Alice Cooper thing where six people were rushed to the hospital with bad vibes. I can't get with any religion that advertises in Popular Mechanics. Look- there's God coming outta the men's room. Are you? Really? It must be a tremendous hem. I can think of another word. Tsch, a few. Me? No, no. I-I couldn't make it that ni- My-my raccoon had hepatitis. Man, that's great. That's just great. Tell him. Well, that's funny, because I happen to have Mr. McLuhan right here. So... so, here, just let me- I mean, all right. Come over here... a second. Oh, do yuh? I mean, d- He can give you- Do you hafta give it so loud? I mean, aren't you ashamed to pontificate like that? And- and the funny part of it is, M- Marshall McLuhan, you don't know anything about Marshall McLuhan's... work! What I wouldn't give for a large sock o' horse manure. I never read that. That was-that was Henry James, right? Novel, uh, the sequel to Turn of the Screw? My Sexual... Probably met by answering an ad in the New York Review of Books. "Thirtyish academic wishes to meet woman who's interested in Mozart, James Joyce and sodomy." Whatta you mean, our sexual problem? Probably on their first date, right? I'd like to hit this guy on a gut level. What are you depressed about? Key word here is "indulgent." He's screaming his opinions in my ear. Yeah, I love it there. Hey. Trigger. Thank you very much. It's a pleasure. Mean? Sixteen years ago. I'm not myself since I stopped smoking. Since you put it that way. It's hard for me to refuse. ...have a, I have a terrific problem with authority, you know. I'm... it's not your fault. Don't take it personal. Pick up the license. You have to ask nicely 'cause I've had an extremely rough day. You know, my girl friend- Sure. just don't-don't get angry, you know what I mean? 'Cause I-I have - I have my-my license here. You know, it's a rented car. And I've... Officer, I know what you're gonna say. I'm-I'm not a great driver, you know, I-I have some problems with- with-with- Max, are we driving through plutonium? You're an actor, Max. You should be doing Shakespeare in the Park. Yeah. I had the feeling that I got you at a bad moment. You know, I heard high-pitched squealing. Uri Geller must be on the premises someplace. Hey, you guys are wearin' white. It must be in the stars. No, no, I came out here to get some shock therapy, but there was an energy crisis, so I... He's my-my food taster. Have you two met? I'll handle it. I'll handle it. Hi. Yeah, intensive care ward. My God-hey, Max, I think she's... I think she's giving me the eye. And... uh- Yeah, you're used to the kind with the- with the shopping bags walking through Central Park with the surgical masks on muttering. Yeah, she's a ten, Max, and that's great for you because you're-you're used to twos, aren't you? V.P.L.? Where? I think he has a little thing for Annie. Whee, you shoulda told me it was Tony Lacey's party. M'hm. Oh, Max... no, I maybe I better lie down. No, no-my, you know, my stomach felt queasy all morning. I just started getting... I don't know, I mean, I- Oh, Jesus. I don't know, I just got-I got very dizzy... I feel dizzy, Max. Great, but nobody laughs at it 'cause your jokes aren't funny. Look, uh... Yeah, I know; but you're adding fake laughs. Do you realize how immoral this all is? Oh. There's no economic crime, you know, but there's-there's ritual, religious- cult murders, you know, there's wheat- germ killers out here. Right-well, Santa Claus will have sunstroke. Yeah, and always over the most ridiculous things. I have some very good memories there. Yeah, well, I used to lose my glasses a lot. Right. I was a great athlete. Tell her, Max, I was the best, I was all schoolyard. Yeah, the neighborhood's gonna be great. You'll total the whole car. Sun is bad for yuh. Everything our parents said was good is bad. Sun, milk, red meat, college... Don't you see? The rest of the country looks upon New York like we're-we're left-wing Communist, Jewish, homosexual, pornographers. I think of us that way, sometimes, and I-I live here. But the- I'm not discussing politics or economics. This is foreskin. Right, right, so g-get back to what we were discussing, the failure of the country to get behind New York City is-is anti-Semitism. I'm gonna meet her in front of the Beekman. I think I have a few minutes left. Right? No, I cannot. You keep bringing it up, but I don't wanna live in a city where the only cultural advantage is that you can make a right turn on a red light. Forget it, Max. Ah. No, I don't! You know, I was in a record store. Listen to this- so I know there's this big tall blond crew-cutted guy and he's lookin' at me in a funny way and smiling and he's saying, "Yes, we have a sale this week on Wagner." Wagner, Max, Wagner- so I know what he's really tryin' to tell me very significantly Wagner. Stop calling me Max. Wh- How am I a paran-? Well, I pick up on those kind o' things. You know, I was having lunch with some guys from NBC, so I said... uh, "Did you eat yet or what?" and Tom Christie said, "No, didchoo?" Not, did you, didchoo eat? Jew? No, not did you eat, but Jew eat? Jew. You get it? Jew eat? No, I'm not. We were walking off the tennis court, and you know, he was there and me and his wife, and he looked at her and then they both looked at me, and under his breath he said, "Jew." I distinctly heard it. He muttered under his breath, "Jew."She's a colored woman, from Harlem! All right-so we can afford it. They're persecuted enough! So the colored have enough trouble. But she's colored. You fired the cleaning woman? Di-diabetes? Is that any excuse? Diabetes? Let 'im drop dead! Who needs his business?!Heavy! Eaten by some squirrels. Well, yeah, you always look pretty, but that guy with you... Look at you, you-you're such a clown. Oh, I can imagine. P-p-probably the wife of an astronaut. Dennis-right, uh, uh... local kid probably, would meetcha in front of the movie house on Saturday night.I tell you this because, as an artist, I think you'll understand. Sometimes when I'm driving... on the road at night... I see two headlights coming toward me. Fast. I have this sudden impulse to turn the wheel quickly, head-on into the oncoming car. I can anticipate the explosion. The sound of shattering glass. The... flames rising out of the flowing gasoline. Can I confess something? This is my room. Alvy.Oh. Yes. Wait a minute! Really? Really? I happen to teach a class at Columbia called "TV Media and Culture"! So I think that my insights into Mr. McLuhan- well, have a great deal of validity. Wait a minute, why can't I give my opinion? It's a free country! ...as opposed to a print... It's the influence of television. Yeah, now Marshall McLuhan deals with it in terms of it being a-a high, uh, high intensity, you understand? A hot medium... as opposed to a... It's a narrow view. It's like Samuel Beckett, you know- I admire the technique but he doesn't... he doesn't hit me on a gut level. without getting... well, let's put it this way... Like all that Juliet of the Spirits or Satyricon, I found it incredibly... indulgent. You know, he really is. He's one of the most indulgent film makers. He really is- You know, it must need to have had its leading from one thought to another. You know what I'm talking about?Just give me the license, please. Don't give me your life story just pick up the license. May I see your license, please?Who said that? I mean that as a compliment. Oh, sex with you is really a kafkaesque experience. I hope you don't mind that I took so long to finish. It's unbelievably trans-plendid! I was at the Stones concert in Altamount when they killed that guy, remember? Yeah. I'm a Rosicrucian myself. He's God! I mean, this man is God! He's got millions of followers who would crawl all the way across the world just to touch the hem of his garment. The only word for this is trans- plendid. It's trans-plendid. You have a raccoon? You catch Dylan?Keeps out the alpha rays, Max. You don't get old. Oh, I did Shakespeare in the Park, Max. I got mugged. I was playing Richard the Second and two guys with leather jackets stole my leotard. Twins, Max. Sixteen-year-olds. Can you imagine the mathematical possibilities? Imagine my surprise when I got your call, Max. We're gonna operate together. Yeah. Right. Hi. How do you do. Oh, he-he didn't say anything. If she comes over here, Max, my brain is going to turn into guacamole. And I think they just came back from Masters and Johnson. How do you like this couple, Max? M'hm. There are no twos, Max. Visible panty line. Max, she is gorgeous. The one with the V.P.L. Oh, no, no, that's bullshit, Max. He goes with that girl over there. What difference does that make? I even brought a road map to get us to the bathroom. You like this house, Max? How about a ginger ale? You wanna lie down? You all right? Well, sit down. What's the matter? Yeah, well, that's why this machine is dynamite. We do the show live in front of an audience. Give me a tremendous laugh here, Charlie. Max, I've got a hit series. Look, now, Charlie, give me a big laugh here. While you're out here, Max, I want you to see some of my TV show. And we're invited to a big Christmas party. Max, there's no crime, there's no mugging. What kind of good memories, Max? Your mother and father fighting all the time. Yes, I remember. He was all schoolyard. They threw him a football once, he tried to dribble it. We can show her the schoolyard. Yeah, watch the road! Max, if we lived in California, we could play outdoors every day, in the sun. No, no, no, Max, that's a very convenient out. Every time some group disagrees with you it's because of anti-Semitism. Max, the city is terribly worried. Max, my serve is gonna send yuh to the showers- Right, Max, forget it. Aren't you gonna be late for meeting Annie? We move to sunny L.A. All of show business is out there, Max. Let's get the hell outta this crazy city. Right, Max. California, Max. Why, Max? It's a good name for you. Max, you see conspiracies in everything. Ah, Max, you, uh... Alvy, you're a total paranoid. You're crazy! There were many men interested in you? Uh, how did this personality come about? Tessie, they say you were the sister with personality.Why couldn't you have been more like Donald? Now, there was a model boy! Six-year-old boys don't have girls on their minds. You should be ashamed of yourself. Step up here!Uh, you guys are still-uh, you're still New Yorkers. Right before his un-American thing. Charlie Chaplin. This is a great house, really. Everything. Saunas, Jacuzzis, three tennis courts. You know who the original owners were? Nelson Eddy, then Legs Diamond. Then you know who lived here? This is, uh, Shawn, and, uh... Bob and Petronia. And here, you just- It could be freezing, it could be raining. Oh, and there's another thing about New York. See... you-you wanna see a movie, you have to stand in a long line. Well, I used to live there. I used to live there for years. You know, but it's gotten-it's so dirty now. You can have it to use. Why-why are you smiling? There's a whole wing in this house. Just... that's all you need. You can come and stay here. We just need about six weeks, in about six weeks we could cut a whole album. I really enjoyed it. Nice to have metcha. Good night. It was a wonderful set. Maybe if you're on the Coast, we'll get together and... and we'll meet there. Oh, well, I-if it's inconvenient, eh, we can't do it now... that's fine, too. W-w-w-we'll do it another time. And we could just sit and talk... nothing. Uh, not a big deal, it's just relax, just be very mellow. Uh... w-we're going back to the Pierre. We're staying at the Pierre... and we're gonna meet Jack and Angelica, and have a drink there, and... if you'd like to come, uh, we'd love to have you. No, I don't-I don't know, but I-I know your work. I'm a big fan of yours. ...of possibly working together. Uh, well, I'd like to talk to you about that sometime, if you get a chance. Are you... are you recording? Or do- Are you with any label now? I though it was... very musical, and I liked it a lot. Uh, we just wanted to stop by and say that we really enjoyed your sets. Hi, I'm-I'm Tony Lacey.Winter with the Delaware, my father's cousins. And in the spring, cross the Ohio and look for land to settle with my father in a new place called Can-tuck-ee. Will you go back to England? And my compliments to you... Listen. Submit. You hear me? You're strong. You stay alive. I will find you... no matter how far, how long it takes... In this there is a chance. If I live, I can try to free you. If we don't go, there is no powder, there's too many of them. Though my heart would keep me here, in that there is no chance. None. I can do nothing. Do you understand? Maybe... I don't know. Whatever happens you stay with your father. You stay among the officers. Do not. Promise me. Webb's reinforcements will arrive or not. If they do not arrive, the fort will fall. If that happens, stay close to your father. The French will protect the officer class among the English. Because what I am interested in is right here... Why, I am looking at you, Miss. Miss. May I? Top of this ridge. Fort and Lake George are downhill of it. Sorry to disappoint you... 'Cos frontier land's the only land affordable to poor people. So after seven years indentured service in Virginia, they headed out here where they are beholden to none and not livin' by another's leave... Their name was Cameron. John & Alexandria. The Bible. Monarchy. Many wrong ideas about the government of men. My father's people already know each man is his own nation. And only he can have dominion over himself. Not kings. No man is better than any other man. My father sent Uncas & I to Reverend Wheelock's school when I was ten. So we would know both worlds... though we were told only bother learning readin' & arithmetic from yours. I do not remember them. I was one or two. They buried my ma & pa and my sisters. And Chingachgook - who found me with two French trappers - raised me up as his own. In your particular case, miss, I would make some allowance... The Ottawa are gone. Yes. And "do not try to understand them. That is because they are a breed apart and they make no sense..." Yes. He said... "do not try to make them understand you." Chingachgook. He warned me about people like you. Well that is to be expected. My father... Anyone lookin' to pick up our trail, would see it as a sign of our passing... Let us go, miss. : Only one or two loads. You will have to forego the pleasure of hangin' me. Then we take the south rim down the mountain and it's 12 miles cross country to Fort Edward. This is it, as far as we can go... If we're lucky, they'll be figurin' we can't have come this way and must've beached our canoes and headed cross land. If we're very lucky, they'll figure we went over the falls. We don't. Head for... for the white water. Only chance we got is... ... to get more distance on 'em and go to ground! Major! Some day I think you and I are gonna have a serious disagreement. That is the truth! And if English law cannot be trusted, maybe these people would do better makin' a peace with the French! Ottawa! Do not let gratitude get in the way... England does not protect me and does not war against France on our account. She uses us to war against France on her own account... of greed for land and furs. I ain't your "scout". And I am in no damn militia. No. Headin' west. To Can-tuck-ee. No. Came across the war party, tracked 'em. No blood vengeance? No re-proach or insult? Dark haired... He is Huron and nothing else. Why would he want to murder the girl? Day and a half Where did you get... the guide? ...Fort William Henry. Your wounded should try walkin' back to Albany. They'll never make a passage north. ...No...Do not call myself much of a subject at all. You do what you want with your own scalp. Do not be tellin' us what to do with ours. ... and while they are cooped up in your fort, what if the French send war parties to raid their homes? First place, you started it with the French over fur-trapping claims to the head waters of the Ohio. Now you're sayin' these people have a fight on their hands... I said... France is your enemy. Not ours. Your enemy... It does and it is a better lookin' reason than you, Jack Winthrop. Push hard, 'cos you got to clear the French outpost by dawn. Good luck, Jack. Got a reason to stay. I'll cover them from the top of the casement. Out the northern sally-port. Strike for the east side of the swamp until you clear the French picket line. Head north over the ridge, then come about southeast and fork left in Little Meadow and you're free of the outpost and skirmishers... Folks here goin' to join in that fight? So what is it, Jack? What brings you up here? That we did. John. But the horicane is near trapped out. Would the Huron make his Algonquin brothers foolish with brandy and steal his lands to sell them for gold to the white man? Would the Huron have greed for more land than a man can use? Like Francais Black Robes do? Would Huron kill tribes with disease? Would the Huron fool Seneca into taking all the animals in the forest for beads & brandy? But sell the fur to the white man for gold?... Those are the ways of Yengeese and Les Francais masters. Are they the ways of Huron men who hunt & work the land? Or of dogs? ...Magua's heart is twisted. He would make himself into what twisted him. A Dog, become Master of Dogs. But are Hurons dogs? ...Magua's way is false. It is like the white sickness. Magua's way will bring only sadness and shame. Is there another way? I don't know. I am Nathaniel of the Yengeese; Hawkeye, adopted son of Chingachgook, of the Mohican people... Let the children of the dead Munro go free... I speak the truth. Magua would use the ways of Les Francais and the Yengeese... So the Huron are the servants of the French? To do what the French are shamed to do? Wise one, the French fathers made peace and swore to their honor not to break the friendship. Magua broke it. It is false that the French would not be friends, still, to the Huron. Let the children of the dead Colonel Munro go free and take the fire out of the English anger over the murder of their helpless ones. Easy for you to suppose. While it is their women and children, not yours, alone in their farms! That judgment is not more important than their right under agreement with Webb to defend their farms & families... Major Heyward was at John Cameron's. He saw what it was. Many men here, their homes are in the path. It was a war party. It means they're on the attack up and down the frontier. A man, here, can make a run straight through to Webb. Help ourselves to a few horns from your powder stores.The men of the regiment will fetch water from the lake, build fires and provide every comfort you desire, Alice... Absolutely. Are you alright? Yes, miss. My God, you've grown up. ... compliments, Mr. Poe. Take her and get out. What the bloody hell plan is this? You are defending him because you've become infatuated with him. He knew the penalty for breaking regulations. He ought to pay without sending you to beg. Munro is expecting him to be the good soldier in defense of British military interests. I see... Cora, I adore you and, when we come together, we will be the happiest couple in England... I am certain of that. More than ever before. I believe you must trust the judgment of others who hold your welfare so close to their hearts... One called Magua arrived. It can be dangerous... Will you consider that? Cora, in my heart, I know once we're joined, we'll be the happiest couple in England. Let those whom you trust, your father, help settle what's best for you. In view of your indecision, why not rely on their advice and judgment as well as mine? "Some"? Isn't respect and friendship, a reasonable basis for a man and woman to be joined? And all else may grow in time...? Aversion? No... "Hatred"... "Loathing"... And by sea! Any powder? And if we're unlucky? Then what? I don't understand! Where do we go from here? Do you hear me, sir! If you ever fall... into British hands... What white water? How long? I ought to have you whipped from this fort! That is sedition! Treason! Excuse me... Who were these people? I owe you gratitude or I'd call you out! Then you are one of those who would allow England to fight alone while she protects you from France? I thought all our colonial scouts were in the militia? Fort Edward, then? Then you're assigned to Fort William Henry? Of course not! And how is it you were nearby? Miss Cora Munro. He never set eyes on her before today. What?! Colonel Munro sent him. He was one of our Mohawk allies. How far is it, scout? We were headed... By your leave, sir. Sir!... Might I inquire if General Webb has heard from Colonel Munro's daughters? I was to rendezvous with them in Albany and escort them to the fort. I thought British policy is 'Make the World... England', sir. The Crown "negotiating" the terms of service? I didn't experience anything so surprising from Bristol to Albany as what I witnessed here today. Sir! General Webb can burn in hell. We'll go back and dig our graves behind the ramparts! Our mission is to fight. This is the signature of Webb. And I know the temper of our men. Rather than spend the war in a French prison hulk in Hudson Bay, they'd fight to the end. And who empowered these provincials to pass judgment upon England's policies in her own colonies? To come and go without so much as a "by your leave." Things were done. Nobody was spared... Yes, sir. Webb's not in Albany. He marched the 33rd to Fort Edward two days ago. Might I enquire after the situation, sir, given that I've seen of the French engineering from the ridge above? Ambush... on the George Road. This Magua led us into it. ...eighteen killed. It's these men who saved us. They guided us here... Sir. Webb has no idea. And he certainly does not know to send reinforcements! Fire! Men are to stay in file, Sergeant Major! Thank you, Sergeant Major. Thank the men. Sergeant Major! Fire!!! Advance, Sergeant Major! Fire!!! Sergeant! Form three ranks! What is enough? The King? The King has mountains of gold! Yes. Gold could be arranged. Yes. Yes. Three, four oxen... much wampum. If Magua give women to Yengeese soldiers... will receive many gifts. Excuse me. What did you say? No. Stop in the glade just ahead! When the ladies are rested, we will proceed. Do you understand? We must... stop... soon. Women are... tired. You... understand?That reason wear a blue dress and work in the surgery? You're not coming with us? I believe if they set aside their law as and when they wish, their law no longer has rightful authority over us. All they have over us is tyranny, then. And I'll stay here no longer. No force on earth will keep me here... Anyone caught leavin' the fort could be shot. So each man make your own decision... Those who are goin', be back here in an hour. We'll see in the morning... A French & Indian army out of Fort Carillon's heading south to war against the English. I'm here to raise this county's militia to aid the British defense. Tradin' your skins in Castleton? Does the rule of English law no longer govern? Has it been replaced by absolutism? Nathaniel's word been good on the frontier a long time before you got here! We are not forgettin' Webb's promise! Chingachgook's of the same opinion. Taken together, that's gospel. Your fort will stand or fall depending on Webb and reinforcements, not these colonials' presence.You, sir! You call yourself a loyal subject? Will you men help us stop the French? Really? Do you want them to overrun all New York colony? What did you say? It should be enough to remind you France is the enemy.The red man put down the bow, picked up the fire stick and became the best warrior in the forest. Yes. It is the only way. No. Huron serve no one. The French father believes he fooled Magua because he is so proud of his cleverness, he is blind. But it is the Huron path that Magua walks down, not the French one... Now, Les Francais, also, fear Huron. That is good. When the Huron is strong from their fear, we will make the terms of trade with Les Francais. And we will trade as the white man trades. Take land from the Abnakes; fur from the Osage, Sauk & Fox. And make the Huron great. Over other tribes. No less than the whites, as strong as the whites. Our father, Montcalm, is greater than the Yengeese in the arts of war. The Huron do not fear English anger. Heart. Give Magua new heart. How much gold has the master of the Yengeese? For Munro children? Yengeese Major give all property to Magua. Magua give Yengeese Major much wampum, many gifts, maybe three, four oxen. Does Yengeese Major have property across salt sea? Wampum? Gifts? Magua say: "Yes. Good idea." "Magua understand paleface is a dog to his women. When his women want to eat, he lay aside his tomahawk to feed their laziness." I understand. This is not good place to stop. Two leagues from here. No water 'til then. That where we stop. Better place. Many things my French father cannot do, Magua can. Does the chief of the Canadas believe the English will keep the terms? Magua slept hard in the English wigwams. And the sticks left their mark... Magua's village and lodges were burnt. Magua's children were killed by the English. Magua was taken as a slave by the Mohawks who fought for the Grey Hair. Magua's wife believed he was dead and became the wife of another. The Grey Hair was the father of all this. In time Magua became blood-brother to Mohawk to become free. In his heart he always was Huron. And his heart will be whole again on the day when the Grey Hair and all his seed are dead! And this? Where is that sun?! It has gone behind the hill. It is dark and cold. It has set on his people, they are fooled and kill all the animals and sell all of their lands to enrich the European masters who are always greedy for more than they need. And Le Subtil is the son of his tribe. There have been many clouds and many mountains. But now he has come to lead his nation. Magua took the hatchet to color it with blood. It is still bright. Only when it is red, then it will be buried. Not a warrior has a scalp and the white men become friends. Is the hatchet buried between the English and my French father? When the Grey Hair is dead, Magua will eat his heart. Before he dies Magua will put his children under the knife so the Grey Hair will see his seed is wiped out forever.Munro would. But General Webb will not send their soldiers across the salt lake. Having let them go, I fear I will only fight the same men again when I move south. And yet, I cannot break the terms of the capitulation and sully the lilies of France... My son Magua's pain is my pain. My son has been sadly injured. Who did this? That's where a lead bullet has torn you. That Le Renard has the power to lead his people into the light, I know well. But so many suns have set since Le Renard struck the war post. Is he not tired? My master owns these lands and your father has been ordered to drive off the English squatters. They have consented to go. So now he calls them enemies no longer. Yes. Why do hate the Grey Hair, Magua? Granted, Monsieur. Carry them to England to your King with pride. Granted. They may leave the fortress fully armed, but with no ammunition... Other than that, ask what you wish. My master requires the fort be destroyed. But, for you and your comrades, there is no privilege that will be denied. None of your men will see the inside of a prison barge. They're free to go so long as they return to England and fight no more on this continent, and the civilian militia return to their farms. Honor that is freely accorded to courage, may be refused obstinacy... These hills afford to us every opportunity to reconnoiter your works and I am possibly as well acquainted with your weak condition as you are yourselves. Is Webb really en route and Montcalm hopes to take the fort by duplicity before British reinforcements arrive? You have already done everything which is necessary for the honor of your Prince. I will forever bear testimony that your resistance has been gallant and was continued as long as there was hope. But now, I beg you to listen to the admonitions of humanity. I beg you to consider my terms for your surrender. Please accept my compliments for the strong and skillful defense of your fortress. Under the command of a lesser man it would have fallen long ago given the superior numbers and material... mere chance has allowed me to array against you... Colonel Munro, I have known you as a gallant antagonist. I am happy to make your acquaintance as a friend. Il est necessaire d'etre vigilant, mon enfant. La victoire. France.You do not know what you are saying! But the man is guilty of sedition and subject to military justice and beyond pardon. The man encouraged the colonials to desert in this very room, in my presence. He is guilty of sedition and must be tried and hanged like any other criminal, regardless of what he did for my children. I sent three men to Webb! What? My letter... Told you to stay away from this hell hole! Why did you disobey me? You forget yourself! I'll have none of that! Montcalm is a soldier and a gentleman. Not a butcher. What did you see, Major? That's all, sir. Yes, Mr. Poe? So? ...not enough time to get to Albany and back with reinforcements... What else? The decision is final. Death and honor are sometimes thought to be the same. Today I have learned that they are not. I have lived to see two things I never expected. An Englishman afraid to support a friend. And a Frenchman too honest to profit by that advantage. You have heard your answer, Monsieur le Marquis. Not with enough certainty to outweigh British interests in this fort. Terrible feature of war in the Americas. Best to keep your sight fixed on our duty. Only twelve miles away! He could be here day after tomorrow. Find your man, sir! Captain Beams will give you the message. Webb's at Edward? Logistics are his guns are bigger than mine and he has more of them. They keep our heads down while his sappers make thirty yards of trench a day. His thirteen inch mortars have a two hundred yard range, so when they're close enough, they'll move them in, lob explosive rounds over our walls and pound us to dust. They look to be three hundred yards out. Bloody murderers. You have three days. What a place for them... Thank you. How can I reward you? What happened to you? Does Webb not even know we are besieged? This interview's over! The militia stays! British promises are honored. And the militia will not be released. Because I need more definite proof than this man's word! I judge military matters, Captain Winthrop, not you. I must receive proof more conclusive than Mr. Poe's opinion before I weaken our defenses by allowing militia to withdraw. I am deeply touched by such unusual and unexpected generosity... The fort is yours under the condition that we be given until dawn to bury our dead, prepare our men and women for their march and turn our wounded over to your surgeon. Allow me to consult with my officers. My colors? The honors of war? Their arms? Such as...? Perhaps the General's glasses can reach to the Hudson and he knows the size and imminence of the army of Webb...? However I may apprise such testimony from Monsieur Montcalm, Fort William Henry is strong and stands. Monsieur le Marquis, I am a soldier, not a diplomat. You called this parlay for a reason. And I to make yours, Monsieur le Marquis.C'est bien, vous vous promenez bien matin, monsieur! Le mot d'ordre? Qui vive?Right - about face! March! First rank present! Yes sir! Atten-hut! Sir! Shoulder arms! Present! Sir!!! Third rank! Twelve paces! Forward march! First rank! Second rank! Present arms! Sir! Upon the center, wheel to the left- about! March! Rear ranks, proper distance! Front ranks, take your distance! March! Halt! Make ready!The Scotsman's daughters are at the Poltroon's house. A company of the 33rd will accompany you and Magua will show you the way. Yes. You may. You there. What does Munro call you? The "Scotsman" has sent one of his Indian allies to guide you. You will take command of the 62nd Regiment of Foot. At Fort William Henry under Colonel Munro. I will march the 33rd to Fort Edward. I know. One has to give Americans "reasons" and make agreements to get them to do anything at all. Tiring, isn't it? But that's the way of it here. And what is that?May the Force be with you. That's straight through the central core... up toward the top of the city... Once you've got her, avoid the main transports, they'll shut down immediately. Your only chance is through the service shafts. There are no sensors there... All right now, get going, you don't have time. I hope you can remember everything. There is a greater risk in staying here, you know. If you don't find the princess, then the whole trip was for nothing... wasn't it? It's not good... unless I could find the Crystal. Then it could be very good. Darth Vader is on this system. I can feel him. I can feel the Kiber Crystal. ... and I want you to start cleaning the equipment out of the scan- shielded compartments. All right then, we'll use your plan. Check your data banks for all the information you have on Imperial procedures. Both of you will have to learn... You have your father's style. You've done very well. Fear is their greatest weapon. Luke's got a point... ... Fear is their greatest defense... I doubt if the actual security there is much greater than on Aquilae or Sullust, and what there is is most likely directed toward large-scale assault. A million at least... If this robot has information related to the destruction of Organa Major, you'll be able to name the reward... I think there are some things we should talk about. Well, for one reason, we don't have your other five thousand. No, not anymore. We have to find he rebels... What we're carrying belongs to them. Well, now you know... The enemy is on the move. We haven't much time. The Empire must have gotten here first. Well, we'll see... I'm Ben Kenobi. Luke Starkiller here is leading our expedition. Keep it with you always. You'll have more need of it than I. It will bring the Force to you. You've already learned to feel it... Now you must learn to use it. You go after the princess. I am an old man and would be of little help. I must try to find the Crystal. See, once you let yourself go you can do it. You'll get it. Stop thinking, and start feeling. Let yourself go. Try to feel it. Use the Force... I didn't say that, but it appears to be a logical alternative. But she is the only link between us and the hidden bases. What is it? All you have to do is lose your thinking self. Don't focus on anything. Let your body do your thinking... You have to learn to act on what you feel, not what you think ... If I had the crystal, it would be much easier. You could feel the Force immediately... but for now, let yourself go. You'll pick it up... and someday you'll have no need for that pistol either. I rarely use it any more. I have the Force. The Force is more powerful than any pistol. You shouldn't put too much faith in that weapon. Work on becoming aware of the Force... learn to feel its presence within you. Try to sense what it's telling you. It's the only thing you can rely on. Yes... the Force... something horrible has happened. I couldn't see what it was, or where it was, but it was terrible... terrible beyond description... the cry of millions dying at once. Keep away, I'm fine, I'm fine. These are doubtful times. The Empire has grown bold in its disregard of the... I doubt it. It would be foolish for the rebel forces to come out of hiding. I know your feelings. You'd best forget them. It's for your own good. There will be no saving her from the prisons of Alderaan. It's the heart of the Sith. The Bogan Force is the most heavy there. He's bluffing... Five, maybe. Let me handle it. There are two halves of the Force of Others. One is positive and will help you if you learn how to use it. But the others half will kill you if you aren't careful. This negative side of the Force is called the Bogan, which is where the expression came from, and it is the part that is used by the Dark Lords to destroy their opponents. Both halves are always present. The Force is on your right, the Bogan is on your left. The Kiber Crystal can amplify either one. The Crystal Darth stole was the last one in the possession of the Jedi. When he joined the Sith, the power of the Dark Lords was completed. They use the Bogan Force. Yes. It was a black day. One of my disciple's took the crystal and became a Sith Lord. It was a black day. The few crystals that remain are in the possession of the Sith Lords on Alderaan. That's how they've become so powerful. I had one, but it was taken at the battle of Condawn... When a creature dies, the force it generated remains. The Force is all around us. It can be collected and transmitted through the use of a Kiber crystal. It's the only way to amplify the power of the Force within you. A Jedi's power is measured by the amount of the Force that is stored within him, and I have little of the Force left in me. Luke, I'm coming along to do what I can, but I'm tired and I'm depending on you to get us through. It means you'd better get some rest. We'll be leaving for Mos Eisley first thing in the morning. The trip will be difficult and dangerous, but it's the only spaceport with ships large enough to get us to Organa Major. Now go on! That is not a human decision, not your or mine. It surrounds you and radiates from you. A Jedi can feel it flowing from him... ... from here! Let's just say the Force is something a Jedi Warrior deals with. It is an energy field in oneself, a power that controls ones acts, yet obeys ones commands. It is nothing, yet it makes marvels appear before your very eyes. All living things generate this Force field, even you. You were right. It is my responsibility. The Force of Others brought the message to you and then it brought you to me. Not any more! I already know you think you're worthless. I recommend you learn to think of yourself in a better light, for what you believe you are is what you become. I haven't been involved in anything like this for many years. I'm afraid I've gotten too old for this sort of thing. I know your intentions. I probably know much more about you than you realize. In many ways you're a lot like your father. He was an indulgent man, but a clever warrior. Now what brings you out here? You could put it that way. I know that. I know who you are. Stand up so that we can talk properly. You're embarrassing me. I'm not that important. I don't see why. I don't believe we've ever met. I'm afraid it's been a long time since the White Legions roamed the stars. But I have the memories. You might say I'm part of the landscape here. They call me Ben Kenobi. Oh, so you're a warrior then? You're lucky those Tuskens didn't boil you before they hung you out to dry. They're not the friendly sort. You'd best be moving on before they come back. Sorry, but that was the only way to get you down. All of them altogether. You seem to have gotten yourself into a fine mess! What happened? Good morning!Just be warned, that things aren't always as they seem... especially the starforce recruiting posters. The academy is fantastic... Of course, they won't teach you anything about flying you don't already know. Most of the instructors are very conservative pilots. You can fly circles around them... but there is a lot on the scientific side that is down-right amazing, and you get a lot of discipline... but after you graduate, don't join the star force -- go free-lance. It's the only way to get into the action... I can't wait until my hitch is up. I'll tell you, Luke, and this is between you and me. The star force isn't all it's cracked up to be. Frankly, it's a bore, and it's going to stay that way as long as this system is neutral... That's no battle, kid... They're just sitting there! Of course, where you been kid?Forget it, son. Blue Five, break off your cover attack. It's too late. Make your own run on the exhaust port. Do you copy, Luke? What's that? Blue Five, does that glare bother you? Six hours, huh? Well, that's your ship there. You're blue five. You stay glued to me. I don't want any independent operations out there. Personally I think it's foolish for them to be sending fresh kids out on a job like this. This is no joy ride we're going on. Have you been checked out? You're Starkiller?We don't get many visitors. Let's take a look at it. Send one squad up. I'll make a report later. Alert squad five, but hold them until we know what it is.Send out a boarding party. Full assault gear. As close as we can make out, it appears to be a Corellian gypsy vessel... It's not under power. Should we alert the Sith Lords? No reply on any circuits... It's drifting on a point twenty-seven skew. It's not close enough to identify.We'll be back before you are, old man. I'm not going out there. Don't look at me. I'm just a pilot. I got you here... You've got to do the rest. Is that good or bad? What do you want with our scan-proof lockers? I'll get the information. We're going to get in by studying Imperial procedures? I don't like it. We're into the second perimeter. They'll be coming out to blast us shortly. I was wondering if you had some kind of a plan or are we going to try to blast our way in? Not bad. I'm not afraid of anything... Kid, you take the glory and the good intentions and I'll take the reward. This isn't a game, you know. Anything I want! Now that's interesting. How much do you think she's talking about? I'm beginning not to like you. Who's going to pay me then? I'm not taking you on an impossible search across the galaxy... I was only paid to get you here and now you're here. I'll take my other five thousand and you're on your own... I'll leave you on the nearest system. Their bases are very well hidden. All the power of the Empire can't find them... Do you know where they are? Well, I've brought you here. What now? The planet has been totally blown away! It would have taken a thousand ships with a lot more fire power than I've ever seen... If the Empire had a new weapon that could do this... I would have heard something... I'd know about it. You might get your stuff together. We'll be coming up on Organa Major soon. I'm Han Solo, Captain of this vessel. Who's in charge then? What about us? Are we to wait forever? Is our reward to be blown to bits on this forsaken system, while your fleet mounts some suicidal attack on that Death Star? Part of my reward is that I be around to spend it. I'd like to get paid before that eventually. I don't plan to stick around for the fireworks. I don't see how we're going to find anything out here. This terrain is hopeless. I'd better go see how he's doing. Where are you taking us now anyway? What's that little 'droid' carrying that's so blasted important? Then I think we're due the reward you offered... and it had better be substantial after what we've been through. Chewbacca, it's time we showed them this isn't the regulation F8-88 Cargo Trawler. Was this trip really necessary? Yes, your highness. I'll let you open it then. It won't be too long before they figure out what happened to us. This has turned into a brilliant escape! I noticed you were having some problems, Blue Five... I thought I'd help. I know, but the chances for survival here just aren't great enough in my book. I've got what I came for. Now I've got to get back to my ship. Well, if it's not, we'll be facing that Death Star all by our lonesome. I don't pick up any life form concentration down there. She'd better be right. Get to the ship! Move out of the way! Watch it! Move back. No, he smells something... but we haven't time to worry about it now. Not if this tunnel deadends. Let's try this way! Holy Maker. I think I did. This isn't going to work. Good! I prefer a straight fight to all this sneaking around. You're good with 'remotes,' but how are you against something living? Don't you believe it. No, it's impossible... No one, and I mean no one would venture anywhere near the Alderaan system... I'm a free booter, not revolutionary. You're aboard the wrong ship, son! All right, all right! You've got a ship! But where do we go from here? They probably took her to find the hidden bases... I don't see how we can find the rebels before she breaks. The Empire has already beat us out. Why? I found it... It's just not there. Sorcery! I believe in myself... I determine my destiny, not some mystical energy field. I'd keep that thing close just in case, if I were you... I've been around from one end of the galaxy to the other and believe me this Force of Others stuff may make for good religion, but there is no substitute for a good weapon at your side. It's automatic. You got yourself a ship. We can leave as soon as you're ready. Organa Major is a rebel system. There will be quite a few starfleet patrols between here and there... It could be a little tricky if you want to avoid them... ten thousand.Who is this? What's your operating... With four casualties?! We'll send a squad up.The Kiber Crystal. I'm not going alone! What about the princess? I don't get it, but I guess I did block it. I can't do it. I'll get hit. I can't see! How can I fight? You mean we should go after her!... He can't find Organa Major. What do I do? Are you sure you don't need it? Are you all right? What's wrong? What's happening? But she's a member of The Twelve Families. How can they hold her? When we get Artoo's message to them, you think they'll try to rescue the princess? This is the last place. Shouldn't we just take what we can get and think of something else? We don't have that kind of money. How much do you think I can get for the speeder? Like Bogan weather, or bogan times. I thought that was just a saying. Do the Sith know the ways of the Force? That's where my father was killed. Don't you have a Kiber crystal? How can you store an energy field within you? But you're still a powerful Jedi. You don't need my help. What do you mean? Could I learn to feel it? You mean I generate an energy field? My father used to talk about the Force of Others. But he never told me what it was... But the Sith Lords are involved! Whatever information this R-2 unit is carrying, it must be awfully important. They're probably looking for him... I'm no match for the Sith. This is a Jedi's work. This is your responsibility! But you must! I can't do it alone. I'm not at all like my father. I'd never make it. My father told me many stories about you. He said if I was ever in trouble, to come here... I need your help. I assure you my intentions weren't bad. You saw through me? I... I'm not a Bendu Officer. I'm not even a startrooper. But you are... I know your 'Diary of the Clone Wars' by heart. My father... I am the son of Annikin Starkiller. You're General Kenobi?!? The Jedi knight! The commander of the White Legions? Who are you anyway? Of course. I'm a Bendu officer. I'm Luke Starkiller, guardian of the Bendu. Couldn't we have tried to think of something else first! What do you mean, 'good morning'? Do you mean that it is a good morning for you, or do you wish me a good morning, although it is obvious I'm not having one, or do you find that mornings in general are good? At least you're doing something... I'd give anything to be in your position. But you always said things were so great at the academy... What happened? But there was a lot of firing earlier... You look great! The uniform and everything! Yes, sir, but I can get him... I'm right behind you, Blue Leader. I've got it blocked. I'm all right. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I was considered one of the best bush pilots on Sullust. I've also had six hours on the T-2. Yes, sir. Thanks, old buddy. I'll be with you in a second. You're a good pilot... I've learned a lot from you... I wish you... They must be shielded somehow. I'm sure the base is there. Come back here... Where are you going? It's only light that doesn't affect it. Solid things, like rocks, can hurt it! Fire above him! Get Chewbacca. Try to get around it. I'll draw it away. Is he afraid of the water? I think she's going to be all right. See Threepio, come in, See Threepio. I wonder where they are?? See Threepio... Something has happened to them. Let's try this way... Why didn't you say so before. Between his howling and your blasting everything in sight, the entire city is going to know we're here. I don't know... I've never fought anyone. Well, I practice a lot... Maybe the fact that no one would go there voluntarily could help us. They probably don't think anyone would dare try. Maybe you should just drop us off. I'm sure we can find someone willing to take the risk. You can't! We've come this far. We must find them... What are you saying? You don't believe in the Force? Who's the pilot? We have a little business to take care of first, but it shouldn't take long. We'll be back shortly. That's pretty steep. We'd like to talk it over first. The... ah door's jammed. Give us a few minutes to get it fixed. No need, everything's under control. A Wookiee broke loose up here, but we've subdued him... There is a lot of damage, and three, no four, casualties... I... I don't know. I guess I never thought about it... I just want to help. I want to be in on the attack. I want my own ship. Are there medical facilities on Yavin? I am Luke Starkiller at your service. You're safe. We've come to get you out of here... Just relax. You used my savings! You stole my savings. If my father were here... But you promised! I've saved enough money and now you have the extra help ... you promised! I will, but I'll have enough time to transmit my application first. I'd consider it an honor. Threepio! Shut down all garbage mashers on your level... Do you copy?? Threepio, shut down all garbage... Holy Maker, Threepio. I forgot... See Threepio! Do you copy? Good. We're right above you. Stand by. Are you safe? You're back. What happened? Never mind. What's going on? See Threepio... do you copy? Send feed-back into the control sensors in that Detention block. Let him have it. You're winning anyway. It doesn't make any difference. Well, ask him. Tell him we need five thousand. I think we're going to need them. Blast it! No, you're not. What kind of talk is that... Can you stand? We've got to get out of here before those Tuskens come back. Well, I don't know what to do now. We'll just have to head inland and see if we can't find a settlement. According to my father's tapes, this is the spot where General Kenobi lives, but the instruments just don't match up with the landscape... There is no doubt about it, we're lost... Tell me where you've been. I am going to become a startrooper and fight in the wars. My father was a Jedi! Were you in many battles? You've been in the Counter Wars?... Against the Empire? There's a lot of carbon scoring here. It looks like you boys have seen a lot of action... That's all right. There is nothing anyone can do about it. You can call me Luke. Not unless you could get me into the military academy at Anchorhead.Your father's dead. Don't ever forget who's taking care of you, giving you food, giving you shelter, and giving you the allowance in the first place. If you plan to work at the academy the way you work around here, you won't last very long. I don't want another word. Finish your dinner, then finish cleaning those 'droids.' I said we'd see. And as it is, I was forced to borrow your academy savings to buy the new 'droids.' When you've saved it up again, I'll let you go. You'll check the condensing unit first... and you're not going to bed until those 'droids' are completely cleaned up... First thing tomorrow morning you're going to check those condensing units on the south ridge.Thank you, sir. Your kindness is greatly appreciated, but if it's at all possible, Artoo and I would like to remain in your service. Are you there, sir? We're going... Wait a minute, slow down!... That's better. They're where? They what? They are? Oh, no! We're going to be mashed into conduit before this is over... For the moment. We're in the main hangar. Artoo is trying to plug into the system now. I'm afraid we're not plugged in at the moment, sir. We've had some problems. I read you sir. Level five, Detention block A-23, cell 2187. She's still alive... I know, sir, but it's the principle of the thing. Sir, I have a couple of extra circuits. Perhaps they might bring something. I can't make it. You go on, master Luke. It doesn't make sense for you to risk yourself on my account. I'm done for. What happened? I'm sorry, sir, I must have taken a bad step... If you don't mind my saying so, sir, I don't see how anyone could live in this forsaken place. Several, I think. There is not much to tell. I'm not much more than an interpreter, and not very good at telling stories, not at making them interesting anyway... That's how we came to be in your service, if you take my meaning... Indeed, sir, sometimes I'm amazed we're in as good shape as we are, what with the rebellion and all... Thank you, sir. I'm See Threepio, Human Cyborg relations, and this is my counterpart, Artoo Detoo. I'm sorry, sir, I'm only a 'droid,' and not very knowledgeable of such things... not on this system anyway. As a matter of fact, I'm not even sure which system we're on.It would be much easier if you were to tell us where the outposts are... Otherwise we'll be forced to destroy every suspicious system... What a waste... It's too late... We already tested it on Organa Major. It appears your data never got through. The 'Death Star' has become operational. There is no force in the universe that can stop us now. It appears your ship had an accident. I will see to it that your death is duely reported. There will be no one to save you this time. Enough! I already know about the data you've intercepted, but its' too late. Whatever information you've gathered will be destroyed... You will come to know such suffering as only the Master of the Bogan Force can provide...