Shit! You just don't want to hire a nigger, that's all. I knew this was a scam. I shouldn'ta come. What do you mean, not the type? Don't you know who I am? I'm Big Dick Brown! I've been in more porno movies than you ever saw. I've worked with Harry Reems. I've worked with Johnny Wad. Not the type! I can come ten times a day. I can keep it hard two hours at a time. My cock is nine inches long. You mean I'm black?Two officers have been assigned to the case. I can't keep them on indefinitely, but we'll go through every lead. I said I hope she's a runaway. Better that than she just disappears like so many others do. Sometimes they turn up years later, sometimes not. A lot of crimes go unreported, unknown. These are realities. There's no evidence of any foul play at present. I hope she's just a runaway. The boy your daughter was talking to didn't work at the park. We've interviewed everybody there. Keep me informed of what he's up to. You help me, I'll help you. We aren't gonna arrest him for that... I heard you the first time. We had nothing to go on with this kid. Just a runaway. Do you really think he's in danger? Apparently your friend has gone into Mexico. A Border Guard responded to the APB. How does it feel to have the L.A.P.D. doing your work for you?No. I don't think so. I don't really want... 'body to body contact.' No. I'm sorry, Mr. Brown. I'm sure you're very good, but at the moment, I've got nothing for you. If something comes up, we'll give you a call. No, just not the type. You're not exactly the type we're looking for. What are you doing? There's something wrong here. Kristen is not the type of girl to just up and leave. But is she, has... Where is he? Where's the bastard that runs this shit hole? Who is it? That blond guy? Where is he? I'm going to talk to someone. I'm getting angry. I want some answers. Where's the guy who runs this place? I'm getting angry. ...about this woman. I'm trying to find her. Do you know her? I said I just wanted to talk to you... I'll give you a tip. Here's forty dollars. What do you mean? You want a tip? What do you mean? No, Felice, I'm not a cop. In fact, right now I've got as little respect for the police as you do. I'm looking for a girl. A runaway. I need someone to help me. What? Well, actually I wanted to ask about this girl. I have her picture here. No, I don't. There's a girl I want to ask you about. Well, I want to... You'll be fine. Okay. I'll take a half hour. I just want to ask some questions. Yeah. No. Okay. Just one. I'd like to place a 'Personals' ad in the Free Press. I was told there was a real nice girl here named Joanne. Quite young. That's all you got, three girls? What girls you got here? I'm looking for Tod. Is he in? Yeah, yeah... Yeah. Yeah. How did you know? If you say so. Are you sure it's all right? Yeah. Yeah. He's a nice guy. Don't lose him. Maybe we could tone down this stripe a bit. It's a little... Are you still going with that fella that teaches at Grand Valley? What's that shade of blue called? Yeah, overpowering. That was the word I was looking for. No, no. I wouldn't hire a display designer if I didn't trust her taste. Maybe we should bring in more of that shade. Perhaps a stripe across the back wall. Don't you think it's a little too... bright? What do you think of this... ah, shade of blue, Mary. Is this all the display space we can get? Where is he, Niki? Listen, Niki. My daughter's been missing five months. I've gone through a lot to find out what's happened to her. I just saw a girl killed. I will not let Tod slip out of my hands. You have to tell me where he is. Where is he? Tod gave me the slip. I have to find him again. Where does he live? Look, Niki, this really isn't my business. I don't know anything about... Granville? I don't blame you, Niki. Really I don't. It's this culture, where everything's based on sex, sold on sex... ...magazines, music, TV. It's destroying everything. Buy this 'cause of sex, use this 'cause of sex. Kids think it's normal. They think they're supposed to talk dirty, wear scanty clothes... Yeah. She was the one called Joanne. How'd you find that out? Why do you say that? What makes you so sure? But what? Grand Rapids? Of course. They are the same. I must have been in more motel rooms this week than in the rest of my life. At least it feels that way. Where does he live. Why can't I meet him now? It's not quite the same thing. I'll admit it's confusing from the outside. You've got to see it from the inside. Yeah. Well, mostly. Out of gratitude for being chosen. That's where Grace comes in. God first chooses you, then allows you, by Grace, to choose Him of your own free will. More or less. He has to. That's Predestination. If God is omniscient, if He knows everything -- and He wouldn't be God if He didn't -- then He must have known, even before the creation of the world, the names of those who would be saved. I is for Irresistible Grace. God's grace cannot be resisted or denied. And P is for the Perseverance of the Saints. Once you are in Grace you cannot fall from the number of the elect. And that's the 'TULIP.' I can stop if you want. Be that as it may. U is for Unconditional Election. God has chosen a certain number of people to be saved, The Elect, and He has chosen them from the beginning of time. L is for Limited Atonement. Only a limited number will be atoned, will go to Heaven. T stands for Total depravity, that is, all men, through original sin, are totally evil and incapable of good. 'All my works are like filthy rags in the sight of the Lord.' It's an anagram. It comes from the Canons of Dort. Every letter stands for a different belief. T-U-L-I-P. Like -- are you sure you're interested in this? They believe in the 'TULIP.' Christian Reformed. It's a Dutch Calvinist denomination. Is Kristen safe? What does that mean? What does he do? They were here? What's T-J? I care about my daughter. I don't see why I must justify myself to you. I don't care about the things you do. I don't care what's happening in New York or Los Angeles. I don't care about movies or TV. I don't care who's on Johnny Carson. Not very. But it's all you do. No. You and I, Niki, have very different ideas about sex. You used to work at Copper Penny? Is that the way it was with you? Okay, tell me. Why do you live like you do? Okay. Sucking off. Now does that make me as good as you? Say what? You know what I'm talking about. You won't keep growing at this rate. You really shouldn't eat like that. All that sugar. It's not good for you. She's dead. Her name is Kristen. She disappeared a couple of months ago. Yeah. I'm her father. A friend. No. Ulcers. I don't drink, but you can go out. Niki. Calm down. Relax. Let's just talk for a while. Then, later, you'll go back to your room and we'll get some sleep. No. I am. Tonight. When you get out, we'll go. Why didn't you tell the other detective? Okay. My client pays for it anyway. Half now, half later. I'll give you $700 a week, cash, if you help me find this girl. Three hundred? Something like that. How much do you make? How much do you make a week, Niki? If we went there, would you be able to find him? Where's he? Where is she? Do you know where she would be? Do you know where she lives? You know her? Um-hm. Live sound. Yeah. I'm making a film. Jim Sullivan's going to be in it. He said you might know where Tod is. No. Are you Niki? I work with Ramada. We're doing some pictures together. The other girl is the star? Are you the star of this picture? Andy, can you do something for her? Maybe money... Just leave me alone. Does she know anything about this? It's just a name. I just heard. Who is he? Who is Ratan? Why don't you tell me something for a change? You sure as hell haven't been any help. Yeah, sure. Do the police want to arrest me? What are you doing here? Get out! Get out. Get out. Get out of here, Goddammit. Research, my ass. I suppose these are the 'extra expenses' I've been paying for? And in the middle of the morning, too. You like this, don't you. Showing me... this. Do you think she's safe? But the police... What's it called? What do you mean? Who made it? Where did you get that film? Where is she? Hmm. They are? No. That's like a stag film. No. What do you mean? Where is she? What have you found out? I'll be there. I've got a meeting... In G.R.? Why? Where are you? The connection sounds very good. Mast? Hello? And better? That's right. Who's paying you? If I was you, Mr. Mast, I'd watch my language. ...What do you have to offer? So then, Mr. Mast... Well, what do they know? Tell them anything you want. Tell them I'm on a vacation, a business trip. Tell them I needed a rest. Tell them anything, just don't tell them... You don't want to know. Now, Wes, leave, please. For me. I think I've found a way to find Kristen. I have a plan. But I have to be alone. Just do what I say. Don't ask. Leave me alone. Go home. Go away. Wes, do me a favor. How did you find me? Pretty good. Yeah. She's quite upset. I'm going to fly out today. They want me to bring some pictures. They don't know. They were having some recreation deal out at Knott's Berry Farm and Kristen wasn't there when they got back to the bus and they couldn't find her. Wes, Anne, come here a moment. No. Thanks anyway. I've got to get over to the office. Where! Where does he hang out? Where is she? Where is the girl? I thought you were quite good in it. I also like the girl in it. Really thought she was good. I wondered if she was still around. If she was still working. It was called 'Slave of Love.' That's what I wanted to talk to you about. That's not true, Jim. In fact, I think you're very close to the type we're looking for. That's not true, Mr...? We're casting for an explicit sex action feature... Let's go. Ratan! Where's Ratan? You ain't goin' nowhere alone. I want to know where my daughter is. Her name is Kristen, or Joanne. She's with you. Good. Okay. Well... Is this with a girl named Kristen? Rucker. Yeah. I heard you and Ratan just came from Mexico. And that you had a film of a girl being, ah you know... I was told that there were certain things that only Ratan could provide. I want to meet Ratan. No. Yeah. That's all right. No. But I... I'm just trying to find... Who owns this store? I wondered if you had ever seen this film or this woman... ...right here. This is from the movie I was talking about. It's a short film. Do you have a, ah, film called 'Slave of Love?' What? Sounds all right. Jake. I thought you were a businessman. It's an investment. Not exactly... I thought I'd invest in a film. I want to sort of become involved in the process of making a film, meet the people who make films, learn how it's done... Well, Bill -- mind if I call you Bill? Let me be frank. I've made a lot of money. I've got my own business in Detroit. Rivets. I make rivets and sell them to Fisher Body. Well, rivets, you know, can get pretty boring after a while. When my business manager told me I should shelter some money, I thought I'd try this. I've got fifty thousand dollars to invest. Yes. I'm interested in financing an adult feature film. I was told you were the man to come to. No. I walked up. Don't ride elevators. What do you think of that? Or this? Cool off, huh? How's this for cooling off? I don't suppose you've ever seen this girl before either? Her name's Kristen, but I suppose you've never seen her? I got a picture here. I want you to tell me where to find this woman. I been asking everybody. Nobody knows anything.Look, I know this chick Niki. She works at Les Girls. She would know. Honest. I don't know. She's got a man. A white guy. Tod something or other. Hey, stop, stop. I'll do anything you want. It's okay. I can dig it. You can do anything you want to me. God, I don't know what it was called. I never saw it. I only got twenty- five bucks for the whole Goddamned thing. Oh yeah? I remember that. It was made by some college kids. Oh yeah? I've done a lot of good stuff. Shorts, features. No major roles it's true. But good stuff. Jim Sullivan. Sometimes they call me Jism Jim. I know. Word's out on the street -- word's also out you ain't really hiring anyone. Hey man.Hold it, mister. Why don't you just go outdoors, mister? Cool off. Calm down, mister. You don't want to get the cops in here do you? You got a family?Big threat. TV would ream you. If he has anything to say about it, yeah. I've been asking a lot of questions and I don't like the answers I'm getting. He's made a lot of people nervous, including some poor faggot who thought he was going to be a movie star. You're going to thank me for this. You know what the media's like. They love this kinda shit. If that guy goes off half-cocked and gets himself hurt, you're going to have so much bad publicity, you... Go home, pilgrim. There's nothing you can do. Forget this place. Start over. But I'm here to help you... What happened, pilgrim? Who? The whore? No. She's just a victim. A dime a dozen. Don't do anything more. I'll find out what I can. You know, it's possible to buy anything on this earth. You can buy child whores, slaves. You can have people raped, killed... One of the men who supposedly arranges such things is named Ratan. He usually isn't in this country. How'd you hear about him? Where'd you hear that name? Like what? I'm sorry about that. Have you found anything out? You've got to tell me. Listen, pilgrim, you're way out on a limb here. You don't know what you're into. Nah. They don't care about some faggot hustler. They're more interested in your daughter's health -- and yours. Like I am. I felt like such a shit, pilgrim, after what I did to you -- not that I did anything wrong -- that I kept investigating, poking around. There's some poor s.o.b. in L.A. with his face all bent out of shape who you've damaged his movie career. Lucky for him, people don't look at his face. But this is my apartment. I'm only human, you know. Oh, fuck off. You should stay where you belong. I ain't cheated you, Pilgrim. This is research, damn it! That girl could have told us something. I hate it. But you gotta know, buddy. A lot of strange things happen in this world. Things you don't know about in Grand Rapids. Things you don't want to know about. Doors that should never be opened. I've known more about this sort of thing than a man should. Don't ask me why. Yeah. Probably. The police? They know less than you do. It was called 'Slave of Love' when I bought it. Next time it's sold, it'll be called something else. Wait. Slow down. A film like this, 16mm, cost two three hundred dollars, sold outright, shown in peep machines, maybe theatres, maybe not, is almost impossible to track. 'Nobody' makes it; 'nobody' shows it; 'nobody' sees it. It's like it doesn't even exist. I don't know. I bought it at a store in L.A. I don't know. There's a little stall theatre up here. It's closed now, but I'm borrowing it for an hour. I think there's something you'd better see. Yeah. All over. Even here in Grand Rapids. They're legal now. Yeah. You ever seen any of those? Do you know what a "hardcore" movie is? Have you ever seen any, ah, pornographic movies, Jake? I don't know. I've got some news. Your daughter's all right. At least I think she is. This used to be a real city. I was here about fifteen years ago. Embezzlement case. It was always a little religious for my taste, but at least it was a city. With a downtown and all. What are you paying me for? Can you meet me in about an hour? At the Pantlind Hotel? I'm back in Grand Rapids. Yeah. Mr. Van Dorn? I suppose. But I'll tell you, Jake, I'm like a little animal. When I get my teeth into something I never let go. If your daughter's here, I'll track her down. As I was saying, I'll pick up the thread. There's a number of ways I can go. There's not much you can do here. Stay if you want. Maybe it'd be better if you went back home. Go through Kristen's personal stuff. Ask around, maybe she knew somebody out here. Look, I do this a lot. I work at a minimum rate of $750.00 a week. It may seem like a lot of money to you, but it ain't. You could hire cheaper. You are. Hey, I'm a private detective, Van Dorn, you want to hire a choir boy you can go back to Grand Rapids. I've been to that scumbag town. It's full of them. No, I didn't think she was. Let me get the picture here. Let me guess. She was an absolutely clean girl, a model daughter, she never had rebellious or impure thoughts, she didn't fuck around... Let me ask you a personal question, a painful one. The first of many. Tell me, was your daughter the kind of girl to run around, to, ah, play practical jokes, maybe? Andy. Dogshit. Worse yet, they don't care. Those cops, like all cops, are intelligent enough, but they are masters of de-ductive reason. That is, you ask them what three and two are they'll tell you five, but if you ask them what five is, they go blank. That's spec-u-lative reasoning, and that's where I come in. To his own daughter? Huh? Maybe. Maybe not. I've been on another case. All day. I suppose I can move it over. Seven fifty a week, plus travel expenses. I'll tell you, that was an interesting case. The Van Dorn girl. I've handled runaway cases like it before. Usually when you put the pressure on the porn underworld for an underage kid, she pops up in about a week. Everybody denies ever seeing her, but there she is at the airport with a prepaid ticket home. Well, I put pressure on all over town for this girl and it stayed cold as ice. In fact, certain people for this girl and -- nothing. I guess I gave your brother-in-law sort of a raw deal. I'm off that case. He fired me. I'm staking out this beer bottle. Trying to find out if I'll finish it or it'll finish me. Ssh. I'm on a stakeout. Who? Van Dorn? You must be kidding yourself, honey. You think once that guy finds his daughter he'll care about you? Oh no? What you gonna do? Get a job? You're taking a big chance. The guy who bought you that ring. Granville's looking for you anyway. You know Granville's looking for you, Niki? Look again, Billy-boy. This is jail bait. Could get you in a lotta trouble. I want you to take a look at this girl here. She's been in some porn stuff. You don't have to get uppity with me, Bill. I remember when you was running that car wash and couldn't make it go. And what was that other thing you tried? A Dairy Queen? Went busted too.No. 'Was.' He and that shitheel Ratan went down to T-J. Maybe I shouldn't say that. Anyway, I hear he's back in Frisco now. You working in San Diego now?No, take it. I don't want your Goddamn fifty cents. Here. Take your fifty cents back. You don't want anything for your fifty cents? I don't know nothing, man. I don't know. Look, man, if you're looking for somebody maybe you ought to see the cops. That girl? No, never saw her. I don't know anybody. I don't know what you're talking about. They're all about the same. You want something? What we got is just these here. What you see. It's fifty cents admission. It's applicable to a purchase. Fifty cents admission.Who the fuck knows? The Four Aces. He goes there. That film was a fake! Everything's phony... Who? You wait here. I'll find out where she is. I don't know what you're talking about. What do you want? Do I know you from somewhere? Meet me here today at seven o'clock. With the money. Then we'll go see the film. Take it or leave it. Um-hm. You got the five hundred? I don't know no Ratan, but I may be able to help you out. It's not me, of course. Just helping out a friend. It'll cost you five hundred bucks for a single screening. Who told you about this? You're talking about real excitement? What is that? A kind of chair? I never heard of no Ratan. What you got in mind? Do you work for the San Francisco Police Department, or do you have any other affiliation with any law enforcement agency? I hear you got money to spend. I hear you're interested in... interesting things.What will I tell the others? They care about you. What plan? What is going on? What? I called every L.A. hotel. The Holiday Inn gave this as a referral number. Your office said you had no business in New York, so I figured you had come out here. What's happening, Jake? What are you doing? Nobody's heard from you. Anne's worried sick. We didn't know if you were dead or alive. Jake? You should come around more often. You haven't been around for weeks. Anne complains she doesn't see you anymore. How's your business, Jake? I'll come with you. Let me pack some things. Is Marsha there? What happened? What is it, Jake? Anne wants to make sure you come over for dinner Sunday. With Kristen gone you'll be all alone. You want to go for coffee after we send the girls off? To anybody. You have to understand. He can be mean, self-righteous. He had a Vishund once. Loved that dog. He came home one day and the dog bit him. He took that dog and staked him out in the back yard. It was winter. Every day he came home and watched that dog until he froze. He's capable of doing anything. I also want you to protect my brother- in-law. Do you really think Kristen is just a runaway? I want to rehire you. To find out what's happening to my brother-in- law. He didn't look good at all. Something strange is going on. He's got himself into some trouble. He wouldn't say what. I'm worried about Jake. Oh.No. Just some horrible dreams about smothering. Where are we? ... I don't know... Not exactly, just feel like somebody's been beating me with rubber hoses for about six years. Not sitting on our butts in here, that's for sure. Good! Maybe we'll be able to see something then. Nine hundred meters and dropping. 800. 700. Hang on gentlemen. Kill drive engines. Hell, we're equipped -- I'm not kidding. You can get one if you have the credit. Look just like real cows, too. I'm going to buy a cattle ranch. Yeah, it's you all right. Is that you, Roby? OH GOD IT HURTS SO BAD ! I don't know... I'm getting these CRAMPS ! I'm really starving; can we get some food before we go into the freezers? God I'm hungry. Don't remember nothing. Can't hardly remember my name. Wretched. What happened to me? Yeah, but this is hard work. Can't talk now. Yeah, I'm okay. Haven't hit bottom yet. Definitely a column of warm air rising; it keeps the shaft clear of dust. Okay, I'm in the mouth of the chimney now, and I'm starting down. No, I want to go in. No, it's too small, only room enough for one person. Sure. Maybe we can get in by the top. I was scanning the horizon to see what I could pick up. Look there, on that screen. Take a look. Well, the sun just came up again, and it seems the wind's died down. It's as clear as a bell outside. There's something I think you ought to see. Chaz, this is Dell. Can you come topside for a minute? But functioning. I'll go first. Looks like a derelict. Receiving. Close enough to walk to! Drop begins... now! Fifteen kilometers and dropping... twelve... ten... eight and slowing. Five. Three. Two. One kilometer and slowing. Lock tractor beams. It's... basalt. Rock. Well, line of sight is impossible due to dust. Radar gives me noise. Sonar gives me noise. Infrared -- noise. Let's try ultraviolet. There. Flat. It's totally flat. A plain. Approaching point of origin. Closing at 20 kilometers, 15 and slowing. Ten. Five. Gentlemen, we are directly above the source of the transmission. Activated. Vertical drop checked. Correcting course. On tangential course now, orbiting. Crossing the terminator. Entering night side. I'll see what I can do. There are no commercial lanes out here. Face it, we're out of range. Point eight six. We can walk on it. Yeah. Two hours. That's what I'm going to do. Just short of Zeta II Reticuli. We haven't even reached the outer rim yet. I got it. Oh boy. I don't recognize that constellation. Where's Irth?Yes. There are two points of salient interest. Number one: it is highly systematized, indicating intelligent origin. Number two: certain sounds are inconsistent with the human palate. Unknown. I have recorded the transmission. A voice transmission. I have intercepted a transmission of unknown origin. The reaction has proceeded too far. The core has begun to melt. Engines will overload in 2 minutes, 35 seconds. I have a temporary sequence on the monitor -- It is none of the 678 dialects spoken by technological man. I am programmed to do so if certain conditions arise. I have interrupted the course of the voyage.It's still in the ship? Dead! What happened? Where's Sandy? All over the ship; we'll have to check the charts to know for sure. Bulbs burned out, nobody bothered to replace 'em. That way. Machine's screwed up, I can't tell. Needle's spinning all over the dial. We could cut a section out of that metallite netting. It won't hold up to that acid, but aside from that it's pretty strong. Shit... Yes, I know what they make it out of, so what? It's food now. You're eating it. It grows on you. What do you mean? Why, what's wrong? Yes? What is it? Sorry to interrupt, but I'm gonna charge up the engines for a minute, okay? What? Yeah! Right. Talk to you. Hard to say. Just a minute, hold it, I'm checking. Well, uh... good luck. I hope you won't need me, but if you do, I'm here. That one section of the ventilator shaft has only two outlets -- you notice? The food storage room on one end -- The water will still recycle. What was that? What the Christ was that? Well, we should at least be able to each buy our own planet. Is it alive? Hurt! How? What the hell's going on? Right. You just sealed it off; it can't get to that section. There's some more combustible fuel down in the storage lockers next to the lounge. I'll go get it. Right. Hey, are you guys still there? What's going on? Poison gas... Well we better do something. It's clear. Might even incinerate the damn thing. We could put on our pressure suits and blow all the air out of the ship. That would kill it. I kind of like it. This dust is getting clogged in the intakes again! The engines are fixed. Hey, guess what? Here, let me try. Right. Oh -- I'm not near ready yet. Well... I'm going to have to blow the engines out... Martin, this is Jay. The intakes are clogged with dust. We overheated and burned out a whole cell.Right. -- And the cooling unit on the other. And then we run out of food and oxygen. Oh, no. Oh, no. Boy do I feel a lot better. It's a straight shot back to the Colonies, and then we can start taking bids on the paydirt. Any bets on the top bid? Oh -- God -- oh -- Don't know -- maybe we'll be real lucky and he just broke his neck. I knew we shouldn't of come down here. Don't know -- Broussard got hurt somehow. We'd be sitting ducks in the freezers. You can't tell -- that kind of stuff could represent printed circuits... It makes me sick to see him like that. But this thing uses it for blood . It's eating a hole in the floor! How about cutting it off? We can't pull it loose, but we can cut off everything but the bottom layer, where it's stuck to his face. Well, can't we kill it? I mean, we can't leave the damn thing on him. Yeah, but how? His nose and mouth are blocked. How does he breathe? Where did it come from? Yeah... well, maybe he should have. I mean, you brought the goddamn thing in here. Maybe you deserve to get slapped. The flamethrower! It must have stopped moving. I'm not getting anything. Whoever's doing the herding is gonna have their hands pretty full. I think somebody should stay by the lifeboat to slam the door on the thing once it's inside, and to serve as... as... What we really need is some red meat in here for bait. Should we go outside and bring him in? The flamethrower needs more fuel. Good! That's good! How ? Oh no! We can't fight this thing! There's only six hours of air left -- we're dead men! Oh my God. Thing is, I'm about out of fuel. Listen, it sure didn't like this flamethrower. At least it can't get up here now. Sounds like a rough one. We can't pump poison gas down into the cooling unit! It'll flood the whole ship! Maybe we don't have to. It's trapped in there. We could just leave it in there all the way back to Irth. Don't worry, it won't damage it, it'll just give it a little incentive. I think I could cobble something together. A long metal rod with a battery in it. Give it a hell of a shock. The machine will bring his temperature down. His vital functions are strong. Yes. He's running a fever. Yes? Well, what the hell good can we do in here? We can't grab it -- it might jump on us -- Now we're in for it. How could anything be indigenous to this asteroid? It's dead. What do you mean? I'll come with you. Careful, don't get under it! Hey now, what is this? That thing, God almighty, didn't you try to get it off him? Boy, that's terrific. If you press the button right now, it will blow the whole nose of the ship off. Just keep your finger off the button till she's way away from the ship, that's all. Hey look, somebody has to have his hands free to lock the creature in the lifeboat! This should do it. We can use the flamethrower. What about all the minerals and elements in the cargo hold? That's the only reason we came out here. We'd have to abandon them all. We'd be broke. Blow the ship up? We can't kill it on board. It's huge now and must have tremendous amounts of that acid in its body. ... And Broussard got caught in their reproductive cycle. Well... I suppose that star-shaped thing could be the parasite that got on Broussard. Is that what you mean? Recognizable! In that? We sure need this flamethrower. You mean his body was still kicking when it ran off with him? Listen, hadn't somebody better check on Broussard? That must have been when he got it. This is horrible. What's happening up here? It doesn't make any sense. It paralyzes him... puts him into a coma... then keeps him alive. Oh... God... What is it -- I can't tell anything -- I keep my mouth pretty much shut, but I don't like hitting. Jay, this is Cleave! Meet me at the main air lock! Three blips! They're coming this way! I've got 'em! They're back on my screens! Why, you chickenshit bastard -- But they don't know about the translation! They could be in danger right now. What do you mean, no? I'm getting nowhere. The whole area around the pyramid is dead to transmission. I think we should go after them. What? What was that? I'm trying. I've completely lost their signal.Do you remember the pyramid? Dell, what's the last thing you can remember? Are you in pain? There could be a whole city out there and we'd never see it. Or something will be able to see us. Engines off. Locked. Hell, no! We don't know what's down there on that piece of rock! It might be dangerous! What we should do is get on the radio to the exploration authorities... and let them deal with it. If there is some kind of alien intelligence down on that planetoid, it'd be a serious mistake for us to blunder in unequipped. Cattle ranch! I feel like shit... Oh... God... am I cold... Computer! I've turned all the cooling units back on! What's wrong? Hold it, I can't hear a damn thing! Yes! Unknown! What do you mean? What? Why ? It's monstrous -- it grew, like some horrible tapeworm. We were completely unprepared. Dead. Where does that go? What happened to the lights? Okay. Where's it coming from? We have to avoid injuring it. What we really need is some electric animal prods. But we can't kill it. If we kill it, it will spill all its body acids right through our hull and out into space. I didn't say it was bad for you, it's just kind of sickening, that's all. You know what they make this stuff out of? You like this shit? It couldn't translate the whole thing, only three phrases. I'll just read it to you the way I got it: "... HOSTILE... SURVIVAL... ADVISE DO NOT LAND... " And that's all it could translate. The computer's translated the alien signal, and it's kind of alarming. Jay, we've got a problem. I was wondering if there was any way you could shortcut the repairs and give us immediate takeoff capability. Yeah, okay. Go ahead. Not they ... he ... He died. How's it coming on the engines? Hello, Faust! Well, get started. How long to fix? Has the hull been breached? Thanks for the thought. Is it armed? Isn't "bait" the word you used? I should hope so! And we'd better make sure it's pretty far from the ship when we blow it. It's not going to work. I think it's going to be almost impossible to drive it up into the lifeboat. Our lives are more important. Anyway, we can take a small amount of the most valuable stuff with us on the lifeboat. And the creature with it. We can make it back to Irth in the lifeboat. I've got an idea, but you're not going to like it. You will notice, though, that there are no more phases. Only four forms are shown. After that the pattern repeats. And right next to it, that oval design with the markings -- it's a dead ringer for the spore casings. In symbolic form... very stylized... but if you stare at it, you can see some of the different creatures we've been dealing with. Don't count on it. It was horrible -- horrible. Like a chicken. What common objects? The same thing must've happened to the creatures on the other ship... except they took one of those jars on board, and opened it there. Hey! what about the film? I think it's fizzled out. I think that's how it's getting oxygen to him. It's some kind of organ -- it's inserted some kind of tube or something down his throat. Look at that. I guess I had it coming. Let's call it settled. Oh no. How many? Just can that crap! I'm in command here till Chaz returns! And nobody's leaving this ship! We can't spare the personnel. We've got minimum takeoff capability right now. That's why Chaz left us on board. We're not going anywhere. No. The computer just translated the goddamn message. It's not an S.O.S. It was a warning. Can you get them back? Now what's wrong? Tastes like something you'd feed a chicken to make it lay more eggs. First thing I'm going to do when we get back is eat some biological food. Couldn't the pyramid have been built here by space travellers? Yeah? About four hours. That tube must be depositing it in him. Close... Just a second. Those aren't water vapor clouds; they have no moisture content. Look -- What can I do? But I can save you -- get you to the Autodoc! I'll get you out of there. What did it do to you? Kablooey. And you'll let me know when you've got it coming this way... Who gets the privilege? So what do we do? Do we ignore it and finish loading the explosives into the boat -- or do we flush it out now? Hey watch it ! You know, it's funny -- this stuff we went to so much trouble to dig up -- this treasure, the paydirt -- it'll make it back to Irth just fine -- even if we're not with it. Yeah... I forgot. Doesn't matter -- we're already at light speed. And when we get back to the Colonies, they'll pick us up in the network. Right... but it'll take a few minutes for the engines to overheat and melt down the core. In the meantime, we get in the lifeboat and leave the ship. Okay. First we shut down all the cooling systems on the stardrive engines. It was time for that a couple days ago. No such luck. I saw it running down one of the corridors. Poor kitty; puss puss puss. No, I had to seal off a whole section. We'd lose too much of our remaining air if we opened the connecting door. I saw it. Faust got himself jammed in the air lock door. His body held it open. ... More spores coming. This is all the same creature. We're seeing the different stages in its life-cycle. So the next step should be -- I know it looks like a senseless jumble, but if you look closely, there are recognizable forms. Can you make out any pattern in all that? Nothing. Two down, four to go. By eating our food supplies. That's a flip-flop gate to channel the air, but we can use it to trap the thing. So the only question left is: who gets to crawl down the airshaft? Are you crazy ? Now what? This stuff's deadly -- I hope we know what we're doing. You win. Hey, wait a minute! That's all our food supplies in there! We can't pump poison gas all over them! Now what? What's it doing, having a seizure? We're coming! Where are you? Yes! Even simple. But if we haven't caught it in a week, then we have to go into the freezers anyway. We won't need it then. We'll have to go into quarantine, maybe for quite a while. That's the part that always makes me feel like I'm gonna puke -- when we accelerate into light speed. With great pleasure. We made it! Damn, we made it! Engaged. Up one kilometer, Jay. Where did the parasites come from? If we knew exactly what happened to the beings on the other ship -- Look, I'm not trying to rub anybody's nose in anything. The important thing is just to get away from here as fast as possible. Is that its mouth? Broussard had film in his datastick, didn't he? We can see what happened to him. Would somebody fill me in? I understand why you did that. Chaz, listen to me -- we've broken every rule of quarantine. If we bring an organism on board, we won't have a single layer of defense left. Chaz, if it's an organism, and we let it in, the ship will be infected. Chaz -- what happened to Broussard? Here, Chaz. Thank Christ! We lost you! Listen, there's been a new development -- Hey, can you guys hear me? This ship is full of cat hair. But why draw it on the wall? What would you say that was supposed to mean? Oh well... you know me. I don't even know what I'm looking for. What killed it? I agree. This is the single most important discovery in history. Found what? Okay, Chaz, I hear you. I've got you on my board. Yeah, rock particles. Dust. Not a one. It's dead. Zero. Dry as a bone. Ten to the fourth dynes per square centimeter. 10% argon, 85% nitrogen, 5% neon... and some trace elements. Yeah, okay. Engine room, what happened? Atmospheric turbulence. Dust storm. No -- that's atmosphere. Cloud layer. Oh my God. Computer, you have signalled a priority three message. What is the message? Chaz, I've got something here on my security alert. A high priority from the computer... Where are we? Right. Fire up all systems.Breathe deeply. What's wrong? I think that's a pretty reasonable request. Hell, you're in great shape, you've got your sense of humor back! Don't you remember? How do you feel, Dell? What was that Dell, I lost you, do you read me? Are you okay in there? Take care. Dell, you want to come down, we can figure out where to go from here. Can you see anything in the hole? Can we come up? You want to try? What is it, I can't -- What is it? I'm on my way. What's up? This is Chaz. Just machinery. No, you'll follow me. Martin, we're going in. I'm going to hold the conversation to a minimum from here on. Appears to be a door hanging open, the entrance is clogged with debris. I'm sending. Do you hear me? Martin, would you run me an atmospheric? Then take her down. Is it solid? What's the terrain down there? Activate lifter quads. Dell, I want greater magnification. More surface detail. I want to see what this place looks like. Except it will take 75 years to get a reply back. Don't forget how far we are from the Colonies, Martin. Gravity? Any rotation? Can you get it a little closer? Where the hell are we? Dell, plot our location. Sandy, scan the whole sky. Just hold it , hold it ! Computer: have you attempted to analyze the transmission? Computer, what language was that? Play it for us, please. A transmission? Computer, this is Captain Standard. What conditions are you talking about? And be right back. All right... but do not go below decks. No, I don't want us separated. Meet us on the bridge. Be careful -- it's huge now. So it's trapped in between -- now we have to drive it out. It looks completely different from the first one -- it's more like a worm with legs... and tentacles. All right -- Roby and Melkonis will go with Faust. Hunter and I will make up the second team. I hope not. No, we can't afford to lose that much oxygen. We're going to have to flush it out. So does anybody have any suggestions? Oh it's okay. I've had better cag than this, but I've had worse too, if you know what I mean. Just hold us together till we're in space, that's all! What? It's really on there tight. Then why the hell are you sitting around here? And when will you be ready to do that? Jay... how's it coming on the repairs? Damn it! How long to fix? I can't, the acid will pour out! Let me go first; you stay behind me. Well... now we have to herd that thing up here. It will be. No... the risk is too great. Perhaps after we've destroyed the thing. The ship's gravitational attraction must have drawn him back. Right. We've got a lot to accomplish. Let's get moving. You can't say that; I think it's a good plan. We can load the lifeboat up with explosives and trigger them remotely, once the lifeboat is in space. If we could just get the creature into the lifeboat, we could launch it into space and blow it up. It's time for drastic remedies. I don't buy that. There's still time to destroy it and get ourselves in the freezers. Does anybody know what happened? We've got six hours left. That's right -- we can't kill it on the ship, but we can at least keep it at bay -- and maybe drive it into the air lock. We'd better seal off the lower maintenance level; at least trap it there. Got a better idea? While the rest of us wait down in the cooling unit with the net. The only other thing I can think of is for somebody to crawl in there and flush it out. Don't be an idiot. How do we locate the creature? Good. Get on it. But first, I'm issuing a standing order: from this moment forth, every one of us will wear protective garments, including helmets. Let's get down to the locker and change. Good. Can you do anything for him? Still unconscious? How's Broussard? Maybe we can catch it. No, don't open the door. We don't want it escaping. The door was closed. It must still be in here. Maybe it wasn't always dead. Well, those things out there aren't the same, you know -- the spaceship and the pyramid. They're from different cultures and different races. That ship just landed here -- crashed like we did. The pyramid and the thing from it are indigenous. You know, it's fantastic -- the human race has gone this long without ever encountering another advanced life form, and now we run into a veritable zoo. I'll do it. The rest of you continue. There. Should be coming through about there. Ask him. It wouldn't come. Well, how does it feel to be rich men? It's over, Hunter. And you and I will bag it, and then we'll take it to the ventral air lock, got it? All right, then -- when it gets to the other side of the door, you sing out, then drop the door. Okay? Let's get moving with this net. Are they close? Come on -- let's go above and see how they're coming with the gear. I can see you're putting your spare time to good use. Let me tell you something: you keep staring at hyperspace for long enough, they'll be peeling you off a wall. I've seen it happen. We came out there, we'll go back. A long time by the clock, but a short time to us. That's the one about the albatross, right? I thought I'd find you here. We'll have to trap it somehow. If we had a really strong piece of net, we could bag it. Room by room, corridor by corridor. We've got about a week left, right? We'll have to catch it and eject it from the ship. The commander normally has first publication rights. We're going home. We're in hyperspace. Too primitive. It's a pre- technological construction. That slab was engineered by an Iron-Age culture at best. That sounds a little fanciful... It appears to have healed itself. No, thank God... just missed him. We're just plain lucky. That could have gone right through the hull -- taken weeks to patch it. It's stopped? Let's let the machine work on him. How the hell should I know? Come on, give me a hand, let's get him out of there! It won't come -- it's stuck. Help me -- I'm going to try to get it off. Don't touch him, watch it ! No, it's coming. There, it caught! But what can we do? He's out of radio contact. Here's his line. We can haul him out of there if we have to. If we don't hear from him soon, I think we better go in after him. What'd he say? Can't tell -- these weather conditions could erode anything, fast. Doesn't seem much doubt about it, does there? Who knows? How far? What's wrong? You lead. All right. Now just remember: keep away from those weapons unless I say otherwise. Martin, do you read me? Just settle down. Sandy, you get any response yet? Well, we can't go anywhere in this darkness. How long till dawn? Dell -- show me that on a screen. Computer, what's the frequency of the transmission? Sandy, can you home in on that beam? Sandy, you want to give us some vision? Kill me... No good... it's eaten too much of me... No... don't... That was Melkonis... it ate Hunter... Look... Kill me... And you stand aside while we drive it in, then shut the hatch, launch the boat, and -- All right, Martin, we'll be in touch with you on the communicator. Yes, and maybe launch the boat and blow it too... if the others are injured. Now. If we can get it into the boat, we won't have to blow it up -- we can just eject it into space. It's stable; it doesn't hurt to drop it. Here, carry these. But the idea's good, if we could just turn it around somehow. No, it won't work and I just realized why. There's only one hypersleep freezer on the lifeboat. Only one of us could survive. But the lifeboat can't accelerate to light speed. That'll blow the ship up. Let's hear it. That kind of remark is pointless. Now come on -- I want to hear every suggestion you can come up with, no matter how wild. At least we're rid of the damn monster. It must have been the first thing sucked out of the ship. Can we get to him? Which presumably means... Then that tomb... must have been some kind of fertility temple... where they stored their eggs, and maybe held mating rituals... That next thing there -- six legs, tentacles -- that's the thing we saw in the food locker. Well... yes... there's a pattern... but it's meaningless to me. What's that supposed to mean? How did it get so big ? Right now let's keep it closed. Let's be democratic. The man would need protection, obviously -- as well as some way to drive the thing before him. What do you think? Now we go in. Go ahead, Jay. Once we kill the thing we won't need the food any more -- we can go straight into hypersleep. Also, it sounds like that thing is already doing a pretty good job on our supplies; it may be fouling them all. I guess we open the door and net it. It started crashing around right after we locked it in. Food-storage room! We've got it up here! It's trapped! Get up here fast! These will be very useful. At least we won't have to go digging around in closets with our bare hands. All right, here's the battle plan: we're going to break into two teams and start systematically covering the ship. Whoever finds it first, catches it in the net and ejects it from the nearest airlock. Clear? All right, so that's what we've got. A week. It's plenty of time. That's okay, he can remain in hypersleep until they're ready to treat him. I think the best thing to do with Broussard is to just freeze him as he is. It'll arrest the progress of his disease, and he can get complete medical attention when we get back to the Colonies. Quit complaining; we're in space. You bet we made it. Martin, set course for Irth and accelerate us into stardrive. Let's take her into an escape orbit. Take us up. They seem native to the planet. It's got an atmosphere and a dense gravity. It's dead now, but once it must have been fertile. I can't lean on Faust any harder -- he's been working non-stop on the engines. I'm sorry to say it looks like you were right in the first place, Martin. We never should have landed here. Look at these suckers -- no wonder we couldn't get it off him. What film? He went into the pyramid alone. We lost radio contact with him. When we pulled him out, it was on his face. It won't come off, not without injuring him. Good. Martin, this is an order! Open the door! We can't leave him out here, open the door. You hear me, Martin? Open the outer door. It's some kind of organism, it's attached itself to him. Let us in. We're coming up now, open the outer lock door. Can't talk now; Broussard's injured. We'll need some help getting him into the ship. Yeah, we hear you! We're coming back! Tell you what, Martin. As soon as the engine's fixed -- Well... it's obviously intentional... some kind of attempt at communication... maybe it's a symbol that means something to them... I've always respected your opinion, Martin. If something worries you, it worries me. Still worried? Find anything we missed? But? Martin? It appears to be some sort of spacecraft. We're going to approach it. Martin, uh, we've found it. Good. I'm getting you clear too. Let's just keep the line open. Well, we won't need pressure suits, but breathing masks are called for. Sandy -- can you rig up some kind of portable unit that we can use to follow that transmission to its source? Anything else? Any microorganisms? Good! Moisture content? Nontoxic... but unbreathable. Pressure? Sandy... how far are we from the source of the transmission? What the hell happened? Turn on navigation lights. It's out of focus. Well, it's finally happened. Let's hear it. This is Chaz speaking. Sorry, but we are not home. Our present location seems to be only halfway to Irth. Remain at your posts and stand by. That is all. Sandy, contact traffic control. All right, tycoons, let's stop spending our credit and start worrying about the job at hand.I don't know what you're talking about -- Get fucked -- Two whole drums -- Get out -- You can keep your fucking fuel -- No -- absolutely not -- How far do you think you can push -- what kind of people do you think -- You're out of your skull -- What ! What's there to talk about -- this whole thing disgusts me. Wait -- wait -- don't get up tight -- what I meant was we'd need a whole drum for that -- Now just a second -- I'm doing you a favor, buddy -- what're you trying to pull? Good -- like I said, take your pick. Take your pick -- they all like you -- I can tell -- Look -- you know who that is, Captain -- you know what she's saying -- you'll never see stuff that good outside of a magazine for the rest of your life. We could use some fuel -- just a half drum -- just enough to get us out a here. Look -- the girls could get killed -- we're not supposed to be this close combat, I mean real combat. Well I mean like they also took our fuel -- We've been here two days. Look -- we got in a little trouble -- they rudely took our helicopter for MedEvac work on this -- uh Operation Brute Force -- They just brought it back this morning. Oh -- I see -- Well, girls, this is Captain -- eh -- Look -- you know the girls -- Thta's Terri -- she was playmate of -- Where are you headed? You came in on that boat, didn't you?Moonby, 4th battalion, Royal Australian Regiment, Task Force. Ex-Corporal Moonby, deserted. Moonby. Got any Winstons? I know, I know, it's all right. Come in this way. It's mined over there. This way. It's all right.Headquarters 11 Corps -- 405th A.S.A Battalion -- S-2 -- Com-Sec -- Intelligence -- Nha Trang. A year ? Waiter another beer. How long were you up there ? I didn't know we had units up there in North Vietnam. Thirty -- sometimes fifty. Sometimes. Yeah. I was an FO for the 25th. That's quite an array of ribbons... Were you Longe Range Recon -- Rangers, eh? What unit were you with ? North ? Delta ? That's good gin. Which part is that ? Winning the war by yourself. How about a drink ?Holy shit. Yeah -- typical A.R.V.N. So what happened ? It's really too much -- I mean I've collected every picture of her since she was Miss December. You got to kill this sonuvabitch -- Lance and me, we don''t understand none of this -- Jesus, Captain -- I don't wanna die here -- Do it quick. I don't get it -- You said your mission was to kill him. Let's do it, an' get our asses outta here. This Kurtz is ruining the war; I mean, this don't look good for America ! This is evil -- evil, Captain. We're all gonna die here. When you kill Cong, don't you feel something. He killed that guy without feeling anything. What are we doing here? Captain -- they've been probed all this week -- Cong and NVA regulars. There's gonna be a big offense any time. Who's he? Charlie? Yeah, it is. Still got a lot of that stuff from Nha Trang. But we're running low on the other. Less than half -- sure is a mess down there. There's some bad holes, man, and the cracks -- water's coming through the cracks. Food's shot to hell. Whatdoya think it thinks. I know it sounds stupid, but I feel like the goddamn jungle's watching us. I don't know. I don't believe you -- No shit. They lined us all up in front of a hundred yards of prime rib -- magnificent meat, beautifully marbled.. Then they started throwing it in these big cauldrons, all of it -- boiling. I looked in, an' it was turning gray. I couldn't stand it. I went into radio school. Cook school -- that did it. That's right, sir -- I come from New Orleans -- I was raised to be a sauciere.. a great sauciere. We specialize in sauces; my whole family. It's what we do. I was supposed to go to Paris and study at the Escoffier School; I was saving the money. They called me for my physical so I figured the Navy had better food. No, sir -- I'm a real chef, sir -- I'm a sauciere -- Call me what, sir? Yes, sir -- I hate that -- Every time I hear that noise something terrible happens. Flood. Said I speak French like a Spanish cow. Thirty meters up, Lance; I saw the fucking flash. Mangoes? There as a fucking tiger in the woods -- I could've been eaten alive. I'm never going into that jungle again. I gotta remember never get out of the boat; never get outta the boat. Can I go get those mangos now?No -- most of 'em are still standing -- might've been disease. What'd he say? Elevate Lance, in the tree. No, I saw another. You forgot the mangoes, didn't you? I'll go with you in a while -- judt hold tight awhile -- Looks pretty shallow. Which way? Right or left? Will they attack? What is it? Signs? Why -- Charlie put it there to kill -- When'd you do it? I -- We're Americans. What the hell is it? This is my crew and my fucking boat, and I'm the responsible party. This whole area is lousy with V.C. -- We don't stand a chance. Lemme turn around and we'll be in Hau Fat in six minutes. I think this river wants to take us home fast. I'm practically goin' in reverse. Who knows what's up there? Wow, you must a found the C.O., eh? No shit -- hot damn -- What're you trying to say, Captain -- Careful, Captain, they've been known to charge. Yeah, Chef -- go ahead -- take Lance with you -- The draft of that river might be too shallow on the point. Yeah -- fishing village -- helicopters over there. Hueys, lots of 'em. Smoke ! Beats me -- the sun was too much for him, or the mud. Who knows ? 'Bout six months ago I took a man up to Lo Mung Bridge. He was regular Army too. Shot himself in the head. I brought his body back down. The Delta closes off to us about ten miles out of Hau Fat. We'll be able to pick up some supplies -- bit I think there are only two points we can draw enough water to get into the Nung River. It's all Charlie's turf from there on out. All right with me, I used to drive a taxi. I wonder if that was the same copter. I saw that Colonel's Huey on the point -- Forget that extra drum -- it's too damn hot. They nail him for it bad ? I never heard about that. What cat ? Anybody see some smoke ?Terminate with extreme prejudice. Exactly -- you'll go up the Nung River in a Navy P.B.R. -- appear at Nu Mung Ba as if by accident, re-establish your acquintance with Colonel Kurtz, find out what's happened -- and why. Then terminate his command. You can see, of course, the implications, if any of this -- even rumours leaked out. Ours. What does that mean ? You didn't like him. Would he remember you ? If you're B.L. Willard, 4th Recon Group, we'd like you to come with us.What did you put in all those ammo boxes? Then went too far -- he sat there and starts mutilating the centerfold. Poking pins in her an' all that. Sergeant says, don't do her like that. You leave your shitty little hands off that girl. Gook Lieutenant says Fuck you in Vietnamese -- Sergeant says, don't do that again. You'll wish you hadn't. Then he stood up, flicked his iron to rock and roll and gave the little zero a long burst through the Playboy mag. Man, it blew him clean off the dock -- Hell, just the magazine was floatin' there all full of holes. He was working A.R.V.N. patrols and had one a them little cocky gook asshole Lieutenants -- anyhow, the Lieutenant took his new Playboy one day, sat on the end of the dock, and wouldn't give it back. Yeah -- you can really get hung up on them like the cat in the Delta. Jesus -- that guy's too damn much. Clear on starboard -- Where's Lance an' the Captain? He's in the L.B.J. -- didn't give him no medals or nothing -- Yeah -- he really dug his Playboy mag, man -- I mean like he was there when it arrived -- He just knew. One that went up for murder -- he was an Army Sergeant. Too far inland. Charlie? We ain't goin' down the river. What're you askin' me for -- put 'em in the first helicopter comes in tomorrow. What is it? Yeah, it still runs.Colonel Kurtz, he's dead. How did they know? Who is he? NVA regulars. They're coming again tonight. Tet -- their big -- assault. What -- happened here.Well, he's killing now. But why ? About what ? A lame ? He's commanding the detachment at Nu Mung Ba. You know much about about Special Forces; Green Berets, Captain ? I believe on your last job you executed a tax collector in Kontum, is that right ? This gentleman or myself ? Okay, Willard, sit down.We endure, captain -- you can blow up the house and we will live in the cellar -- destroy that and we'll dig a hole in the jungle and sleep on it. Burn the forest and we'll hide in the swamp. all the while, we do but one thing -- clean the blood off our bayonets. Au revoir, Captain. Two of my men deserted last night. It happens from time to time. I assume my daughter told you of our conditions. When I was a boy, my father would take me there, to hunt. There are a few savages, but no man can live there, no white man. Upriver? Why upriver? There is nothing there, only jungle. But we civilized it. A place belongs to those who bring light to it, don't you agree. We will never 'evacuate', Captain -- this is our home. Indochina is ours; it has been so for a hundred and twenty-one years, there is something to say for that. Captain? Attacks repulsed, as I was saying. This is only for this war, Captain. Viet Cong -- 54; North Vietnamese regular forces -- 15; South Vietnamese -- 28 -- regular forces and otherwise. Americain -- 6. Of course, they were, perhaps, mistakes, Captain. No, I've seen those in Normandy. This is much better. My country -- my country could never originate this. Magnificent. It is very good -- there is no current -- It is very good. I have never seen one like it in all Indochina. I was in Paris when it arrived -- do you know what might have caused -- Of course, Captain -- an unfortunate necessity. A man of war is never bothered to aid an ally -- you will follow me, Captain. We took them from the dead. Now -- I assume you want to rest, to shower. We'll attend to your repairs after dinner. Entirely unnecessary, Captain. Fifty calibers, eh, Captain --Yeah -- yeah, I can understand how you feel. The wind -- Napalm, boy -- nothing else in the world smells like that -- You smell that. You smell that? They far enough? You think that section on the point is ridable, Lance? I said it's a good swell -- hell of a good swell 'bout six feet. Let's get a look at it. Good swell. That's terrible -- we'll change that -- I'd like to see you work -- I've always liked your cutback; got a hell of a left turn, too. Where've you been riding, Lance? You can cut out the sir, Lance -- I'm Bill kilgore -- I'm a goofy foot. It's an honor to meet you Lance. I've admired your nose-riding for years -- I like your cutback, too. I think you have the best cutback there is. Lance Johnson? The surfer? What's your name, sailor ? You want'a surf, soldier? Change -- get out there -- I want'a see if it's ridable -- change. Change. How big it is? Why the hell didn't you tell me about that place -- a good left. There aren't any good left slides in this whole, shitty country. It's all goddamn beach break. What do you mean? Mike, you know anything about the point at Vin Drip Drop? Take her in low, Lieutenant. Eagle Thrust Four -- Big Duke Six. Join me in sparaying some trees. Big Duke Six to Baker Delta Four -- hold -- we're right over you. Haven't got time, Hell's Angels -- lay it right up the tree line. Big Duke Six to Hell's Angels Four -- bring it in on along tree line and huts. It's gonna blow this place out. It's gonna ruin it ... Yes, I know. It'll get here, soldier. The trees, eh... Sonuvabitch -- anybody hurt? The enemy. Who else? Fucking savages. Yeah. Classical stuff -- scares the hell out of the slopes -- the boys love it. We'll come in low out of the rising sun -- We'll put on the music about a mile out. What about this point here? You talk like him. I don't mind taking casualties, Captain, but I like to keep my ratio ten to one in this unit -- ten Cong to one. And I don't intend to get some of them chewed up just to get your tub put in the mouth of the goddman Nung River. You say you don't know Kurtz? I mean it's hairy -- they got some pretty heavy ordnance, boy -- I've lost a few recon ships in there now and again. That village you're pointing at is kinda hairy. Don't you agree? Seems to me he got himself fragged. i heard some grunt rolled a grenade in his tent. Maybe a rumor. Helluva man -- remarkable officer. Walter Kurtz woulda been a General some day. General of the Army. Shit, Head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Did you knew Kurtz? 'Bout a year ago? Is Kurtz still alive? Nu Mung Ba. Last I heard, Walter Kurtz commanded a Green Beret detachment at Nu Mung Ba. Can you trust them? What'd you do for supplies? Haiphong? Shit, you jump in ? What's the furthest you been in? Why the hell you wanna go up to Nu Mung Ba for? Just hold up a second, Captain -- I'll get to you soon enough -- We've got things to do here. Yeah -- Na Trang told me to expect you -- we'll see what we can do. Just stay out of my way till this is done, Captain.Yes... My river... my people... my jungle... my ideas... my country... my wife... ... my death. I was on threshold of great things. I had immense plans. Going back - to the jungle to die. Go away -- hide yourself. I'll tell you what makes sense ! Air strikes ! White Phosphorus ! Napalm ! We'll bomb the shit out of them if they don't do what we want. You could never figure it because it doesn't make sense. Oh Captain, that is so true. Because of all the things we do, the thing we do best -- is lie. You know what you're doing? You are interfering with my plans ! Gimme water. The truth that you were sent here to murder me, ans so far you haven't done it. And do you know why? Yes, you know why. Your mission makes about as much sense as those idiots who sent you on it. Asshole ! Schmuck ! How long does it take you to figure out that nobody knows what they're doing here. Except me. Pain is easy to handle -- but nobility.. the nobility of a man is judged by how much Truth he can handle. How's yours? Still playing by the rules. You're a damn good kiler. No -- I don't want to sleep. I want to think. Water. Give me water. No. My thinking is clear. But my soul has gone mad. I love it. Do you? That's right, the little gook- pricks. But they are noble little gook-pricks, noble. Because they fight with their guts, like animals. And for an idea ! That's rich. We fight with ingenious machines and fire, like Gods, and for nothing. But I'll call in a major blotto airstrike tonight. We'll have ourselves a helluva airstrike tonight, a lightshow. How do you like The Doors': 'C'mon Baby Light My Fire...' I said get the fuck out ! I'm going to kill the little weirdo myself tomorrow. He's only stayed alive this long because he's a good orderly and medic. He knows how to use a hypodermic. Yeah, I can see that. He's fuckin nuts -- Yes. What other reason could you have come? A Captain. Ranger. Paratrooper. Graduate of the Recondo School. Am I right about these things? You came up my river -- in that small boat. So simple. I always thought the final justice would come from the sky, like we did. You are the final justice, aren't you? You were not coming here, to see me? Why did you come to ... my province. I'm Kurtz.Yeah, I'm an artist, goddamit ! What? What? Sure -- fine -- I think we ought to wait for the tide to come in. What, sir? I haven't surfed since I got here. Thank you, sir. That's right, sir. Gunner's Mate, Third Class -- L. Johnson, sir. What? The other one -- You think? What's this tiger shit? And you could just tell when the supplies were booby trapped? Captain -- that was all true about the rats and chocolate and stuff? A Yater spoon is hard to get -- especially here. Any time -- us -- Americans. You think he'd of shot us? You hear it again? Maybe we better stay in under the trees till dark -- we got his Yater. Yeah, Jesus Christ ! The Yater -- the clear one with the thin stringer. No -- no, Captain. Nah. Yeah... thanks. He'll kill us. Just something I read in the Free Press. Maybe he'll get inside the tube -- where -- where they can't see him. Maybe he'll get tubed.It's of strategic importance for keeping the highway into Bat Shan open -- the generals don't like to admit that Bat Shan is surrounded. I'd just clear out as soon as I could if I were you, sir. They're gonna start working on the bridge with torches again. Charlie will start throwing it in hard -- Now I can get out a here -- if I can find a way out. You don't know how happy that makes me, sir. Captain Willard -- we got these from Nha Thrang two days ago -- they expected you here then -- Captain Willard?It's still pretty hairy, sir. Wh -- what? Six to eight feet. It's hairy ,though. That's where we lost McDonnel -- they shot the hell out of us. It's Charlie's point. It's really long left slide, breaks on the short side of the point -- catches a south swell. Boss left.Affirmative, Big Duke Six -- We're even got some rockets left. This is Baker Delta Four -- Captain hit bad -- need dust-off. Receiving heavy automatic weapons fire from huts about thirty yards to our left. Hell's Angels Four to Big Duke Six -- we'll need green smoke -- suggest you have the FAC mark it.No sir, I think -- this'll be a little bit different -- Big show in the parade grounds this noon -- some boss stuff -- Well who the hell verifies that ? Well, you know I don't have the priority to do that, sir. It says here not to contact Com-Sec- Int. Who's your commanding officer ? I don't know anything about these papers, sir.No, it'd be spooky without the war -- give 'em back. Spooky. You got a chance in that boat -- by morning you could be five miles down the river. Nobody comes in here. It's to everyone I really knew -- the first girl I screwed -- my brother -- best friend -- I wanted to tell 'em how much I enjoyed knowing 'em -- it's been a great twenty years. I gotta let 'em know. Do me a favor buddy, please. Hey, buddy, that boat still runs, eh? Straight up the road -- a concrete bunker -- Beverly Hills -- where else you think he'd be? Beverly Hills -- You came right to it, son of a bitch -- I don't know -- don't have any idea -- I'm just the night man -- Stepped on a booby trap, sir -- got blown all to hell -- That's 27, sir.I will -- I assure you that -- You got a fifty on that H-34 -- leave the ammo in boxes -- I'll get my men to bring the first drum with 'em -- We can use some fifty caliber and a 16 too -- Men of all races -- nationalities -- You make some of your closest friends in the army -- war has a way of bringing men together. One for all -- all for one -- Esprit de corps -- We have a lot of pride in our unit -- That's what there is to talk about -- my man -- I take a good care of my men -- My men -- Sit down -- we'll talk about it. We need all our fuel anyway. I said I like all of them. I like all of them -- I'm not that fond of blondes -- maybe I like brunettes -- We need all our fuel. Well -- Dreadful. Yeah. Captain Willard -- go ahead. Yeah, I caught your show at Hau Fat. What's it matter? Get to the point. Yeah -- What is this? Moonby what? Who the hell are you? We've been attacked. Who are you ? I go up on missions. Listen Captain, buy me all the beer you want, but you better tell that asshole over there you're not going to find out anymore about me. A long time. We do. You know, I can remember once, getting back below the DMZ -- and the first Americans we ran into were a track squadron. I just couldn't believe how much water they had. We'd been chewing bamboo shoots for almost a week, and before that, for two weeks, we'd been drinking anything -- rain water, river shit, stuff right out of the paddies. And there were these guys standing by their trucks spilling water all over. I could've killed them. I swear to God I would have, too, if ... At least you always have enough water. How many gallons does each one of those damn things carry ? Fat. That's real fat. Tracks ? Let's talk about you. No -- I worked too far north for LRRP. Sort of. None. Yeah. Way north. No. I'm sure it is, but I had hepatitis. My part. Beer, with ice and water. Part. Sure, thanks. ... he's an amazing officer. Yeah, I know. Sure. Recoil... I feel the recoil of my rifle. Not a thing. Kurtz. I'm supposed to kill him, just like he said. I know. God knows. Looks that way. That's a light down there -- And the grass? How much is left? That we're dumber than we look. Probably is. What do you see? Chef -- since you're such a fan of Miss December's I think you should be detailed with Lance and Clean to take the first drum up there. I've arranged with those people we saw at Hau Fat to give us some 50 caliber in trade for a couple a drums of fuel -- How? What are you doing out here? A sauciere -- Chef -- is that 'cause you like mangoes an' stuff? Why they call you that? Chef. Arch light. Who knows? Right. Two hours after the fog lifted, we moved slowly to a spot we thought was roughly a mile and a half below Kurtz's camp. We approached a long sand-bank stretching down the middle of the river. If they have boats ... or canoes... they'd get lost in the fog. We can't move either -- we'll end up on the shore. Listen. Listen. Yeah -- like keep out -- Whoever put'em there didn't do it to kill people -- They put 'em up as signs -- Thta's not Charlie's work -- While you were sleeping. Rocks, sand -- those two men who deserted. I am -- I'm Captain B.L. Willard. This is Chief Warrant Officer Phillips -- it's his boat. We were shot up bad downriver and need repairs and food -- we can pay you in gold. They're not Cong. In the middle of the jungle -- a goddamn light. Get in there now or I'll bury you in this river. Get in there ! Well, get in there. Can't be any worse than this. What do you think? What about ducking into one of those tributaries till this river slows down? We found some bodies -- let's get out a here. You'll see soon enough -- get going, sailor -- All right I got a little surprise for you -- I'll go with him -- We could go in tomorrow at dawn -- there's always off-shore wind in the morning. First Air Cavalry. They're the ones gonna get us into the River. Where ? Shot himself. What for ? We're gonna have some help to get in the river. You know these waters, Chief ? Let's go. Chief, try to keep out of where we're going -- Why we're goin' and what's gonna be the big surprise. I met the P.B.R. crew; they were pretty much all kids, except for Phillips, the Chief -- Gunner's Mate Third Class L. Johnson -- Lance Johnson; Gunner's Mate Third Class J. Hicks -- The Chef -- Radio Operator Second Class T. Miller; they called him Mr. Clean. Terminate ? You want me to clean it up -- simple and quiet. Touchy. Our Recon flight ? Maybe it's not Kurtz. I don't believe he's capable of that. I just don't believe it. Anyone got a cigarette. Maybe. I only met Kurtz once. Whose orders ? What do you want ? Yeah. Yeah. They must have seen the fire. He was the tragedy -- the tragedy of this war. Charlie? Maybe. He couldn't get through a sentence without all these big words; about why we kill. I don't know. He was a lame, that's all. This is years ago, before he joined Special Forces, I guess. We had an argument. I thought he was a lame. Yeah. I've worked with them on occasions and I saw the movie , sir. I am not presently disposed to discuss that, sir. No, sir. No, sir. Captain B.L. Willard, G-4 Headquarters, reporting as ordered, sir. I guess this is whAt men of war do -- eh? Your daughter. What about an American named Kurtz? Do you know that jungle? I always thought the French came here to get the rubber. The Vietnamese think it's theirs -- I guess the Americans do, too. You'll get blown outta here some day. Of course. I -- Once we make our repairs, we could send word, we could have you evacuated from here. Looks like a two thousand pound to me. Yeah, a two thousand pound bomb. A habit of men of war, sir -- you understand. We don't want to bother you any, we -- American weapons? As I said, we can pay you in gold. The kid can't ride sloppy waves. You know, some day this war's gonna end.. I'm waiting for the fucking boat, Colonel. Automatic weapons flashes along those trees -- probably eleven millimeter guns and AK-47's. Who? Music? You'll find enough Cong up there. I met him. So? I heard you had a good bunch of killers here. Hairy ? He musta changed ! I got to get into the Nung River, here or here. I met him. Who knows. When did you hear? No. They put out two or three for every one I needed. When you get to the one you'll use, you just stake it out. If something feels wrong, you just pass it up. On one mission, I had to pass up three and ended up living on rats and chocolate bars. Mercenaries -- agents, traitors -- they put out caches. No. Walked. Haiphong. I got bored in Saigon. My orders are from Com-Sec Intel -- B.L. Willard, 4th Recon -- Captain B-L. Willard, sir -- 4th Recon Group -- I carry priority papers from Com-Sec Intelligence 11 Corp -- I believe you understand the nature of my mission. I'm taking you back. You had immense plans... immense plans... I'm gonna get you out of here. I'm taking you back. You can still live. What are you doing? We'll exterminate the fuckers ! Fuck no. Stinks. I could never figure -- I could never figure how they can teach boys how to bomb villages with napalm -- and not let them write the word 'fuck' on their airplanes. I think think a lie stinks. How did we get here? No water. What Truth? I can handle it. How's the pain? You can't have water after morphine. You've gone crazy. Yeah, I like it... You're gonna get hit tonight, bad -- a whole regiment of NVA regulars. Yeah. Do you know me? You know you're right. What do you mean, Colonel? No -- no, sir. We were attacked -- down river. We need supplies and medical help. Captain B.L. Willard reporting his presence, sir. Colonel Kurtz, I guess. Yes I was... He said his last words to me. His death was -- yes, he died as he lived. Both of us... Yes, I know... You knew him best. He was a remarkable man. It was impossible not to -- You get to know each other pretty well out there. Bring your rifles, that's all. Take us to him. No -- leave it -- I wasn't looking.. I was running. No shit... I think I shot the hell out of him. It's a feeling you get in the jungle. When you get good, you can find a track and tell not only how many they are, but their morale, how far they're going, whether they're near their camp, the weapons they're carrying. Sure. He's a man who knows what he wants -- he does know what he wants. I don't think he'd of shot us on the beach but -- he'd of shot us if he saw me taking the board -- When? No -- I don't think so. But it'll be back. They were circling. It'll be back. He didn't look like he'd take that sitting down. This one , Lance? Which one's the Colonel's? Then let's get the hell out of here. Want to say goodbye to the Colonel? Are you finished surfing? He can't kill us. We're on his side. What's that? What? What is this bridge? We'll be needing some supplies and fuel -- do you know anybody who can give me a hand? Why? That's me. I'm not ever goin' to tell you to shut up again. Who are you? And shut up. We're going ashore. Tie her up -- and leave your guns up, Lance. Is that where he is? By the shrunken heads. Sounds like he's gone crazy. Why didn't he shoot you? So Kurtz is alive. You're Australian? Why did they attack us? Where's Kurtz? I want to talk to him. What if I say no. So that's it. I'm afraid I won't have time -- I gotta -- The river is beautiful. I know. Yes. What things? What did you hear? Kurtz. I know you've heard of him. I just follow my footsteps, one at a time, trying to answer the little questions and staying away from the big ones. No. Not really. I should be checking on the boat. I'm sorry to hear that. We were going upriver when we got caught in a storm, ma'am. This -- Bob Hope or the like -- What show ? I do. Right now -- I am. They're in order -- it's perfectly clean -- just check with ComSec- Intel like I said. C'mon -- What? Where's your chief supply officer? Son of a bitch, sir. Well , who's in command here? Soldier -- where''s your C.O.? Anyone got a card?I see... ... And you are really a gardener, aren't you? ... You've become quite a close friend of Eve's - haven't you Mr... ... Chance...? In a day or two, yes. Yes, I suppose that's true. ... He's gone, Chauncey. Hell yes - walk. You're meeting the President, aren't you? ... It's five of, you'd best get on in there. Why, that's terrific, Chauncey. He does, does he? ... Oh? You've heard? ... Oh. ... My God, I only wish that Benjamin had your recuperative powers... Anyway, the President offered to sit in for Ben at the meeting, quite a nice gesture, I felt. He's due here soon, I believe. ... Were you going somewhere? ... Benjamin has been hounding me to allow him to address the annual meeting of his Financial Institute today, but obviously, the strain would be impossible... How about here, Chauncey, any soreness? I swear, Chauncey, between you and Benjamin, I've got my hands full... ... Say, that is coming along, the swelling has gone down considerably... ... Any pain here? Shame on you, Chauncey - you should let me be the judge of that. Please, sit in the chair. Chauncey, there you are. What are you doing on that leg? ... And please call me Robert. I'll send Wilson up to take you for X-rays, Mr. Gardiner. Feel free to use the telephone, and please let me know if you have any discomfort. Fine. Would you like me to speak to your personal physician? Good, keep your weight off that leg, Mr. Gardiner. In fact, it would be best if you could stay here for a day or two, if that would be would be possible. Since Benjamin became ill we have our own hospital downstairs. I can promise you the finest in care, unless, of course, you would prefer to go elsewhere. Oh, I see... ... Well, then... You're a very funny man, Mr. Gardiner. You caught me off guard, I must admit... Then you wish to handle this matter through your attorneys? An attorney? Thomas? Who's Thomas? Yes. Are you planning on making any sort of claim against the Rand's? Just to take the proper precautions, Mr. Gardiner, I'd recommend we take you downstairs and X-ray your leg. ... By the way, Mr. Gardiner, I would like to ask you something straight out. You can pull your trousers up, now. However, with injuries such as this, I have run into minor hemorrhaging, which really isn't too serious at the time, but can cause secondary problems if not looked after. It's good that there was no apparent damage to the bone. But not for long... Now, you'll barely feel this. It won't hurt at all. The injection will ease the pain and swelling, Mr. Gardiner. It's not good, Ben - I'm sure you can feel it. And you, Benjamin, must be strong and brave for me. Turn over, please. Some pain is to be expected... ... And I think what would be best for the two of you is a good night's rest. ... It's late, I'm afraid it's time for my patients to prepare for bed. That is so true. You're different, Chauncey... Quite different than most men. To everyone, I'm afraid. The Government controls are so restricting that the Medical Profession, as we know it, is being legislated out of existence. I think we'd better go look for him. David! You really care for him, don't you, Eve? I don't think so, he should be along soon... ... He walked off... He's resting comfortably now. There's no cause for alarm, yet... ... Eve - this has been an exhausting day for Ben... No, Eve... I'm sorry. At times, yes. But that's not an uncommon reaction to such an accident. Actually, I found him to have quite a sense of humor. How true. Mr. Gardiner may be a welcome change of pace. Not necessary, but preferable. I don't think he'll be a bother, he seems like a most refreshing sort of man. A rather large contusion, but I don't feel there is any serious damage. I'd like to keep an eye on him, though - I suggested that he stay here for a couple of days. Good God, Eve - you'll freeze out here. Fine. Thank you, Mr. Franklin. I see. Mr. Franklin, I must ask you and Miss Hayes to keep this incident with Mr. Gardiner to yourselves. There's no telling what he was involved in, and the matter may be extremely confidential. So please, not a word. Hmmm. You say he showed you his garden? I have no idea...Well, Mr. President... They don't quite know what to think. I don't think that's entirely true, Grover. Gardiner is not a foreign agent, there are now sixteen countries investigating the man. We can rule that out.Please, hold still, Mr. Gardiner. Well, I still don't believe I know the man, Mr. Gardiner. Now, hold still. Yes, sir. No sir, I don't believe I do.Yes, Robert - I am. I'll go tell Eve about Ben now, Robert. Yes. I love Eve very much. Eve is going to stay. The house will not be closed. Will you be leaving now, Robert? Yes, Robert. I have seen it before. It happens to old people. Oh, really? I would like to walk today. Thank you, Robert. How do I know when it's ten o'clock? Yes, Ben told me to be in his room at ten o'clock. Yes. Ben called me. He wants me to meet the President. Yes, Robert. I know about the President. No, Robert. Hardly any, Robert. Yes, Robert. But it's not bad. It's fine today, Robert. Yes, Robert. I will. Yes, I will. No. Yes, I could stay here. Thank you. Thank you. There's no need for a claim, the garden is a healthy one. Yes. Thomas Franklin, an attorney. Claim...? ... Oh, claim, that's what Thomas asked me. ... Straight out? Oh, fine. I see. Yes. I think so, too. You were wrong, it did hurt. I understand. I've seen it done before. I understand. I've never seen anything like this on television. A Black man gave me the message. Oh. I have a message for him. Do you know Raphael? No. I like this attic very much. Yes. I would like to be on that show. Yes, I have seen that show on television. Oh, yes. Yes. Thank you. Yes. I've been looking for you, too, Eve. Hello, Eve. That's very interesting, Eve. Yes. It's very good, Eve. Yes. I like to watch. I like to watch. Thank you. Yes, Eve. Ben is very wise. He was very ill, I stayed with him for a while. No. I was with a man. We went upstairs. Hello, Dennis. Yes. Thank you, Eve. Yes. That could be true. Yes, Eve. I'm very glad that you didn't open. Yes, Eve. I know that. No, Eve. I like you to be here. I like the President. He is a very nice man. No, Eve. I don't read the papers. Good night, Eve. I see. No, thank you. That's good. I like to watch, too. How is Ben feeling? Thank you, Eve. Hello, Eve. Yes, Eve. You'll be all right. So am I, Eve. Oh, I like that very much. What is that? Oh, no. She brought me my meals. Yes. I liked Louise very much. She was his maid. Yes. I was. ... Mentor...? He was a very wealthy man, he looked after me since I was young. Yes. Fine. He's very nice. Yes. It's feeling much better now. Hello, Eve. Good night, Eve. That's good. Yes. Are you going to leave and close the house when he dies? I like Ben very much... He reminds me of the Old Man... Ben is very ill, Eve - I've seen that before. Thank you, Eve - I like this house very much. I am a very good gardener. No. I like it here. No. The Old Man died and Louise left. No. It won't do that. Yes. I like to watch. This is fine. Yes. I lost my remote control. No, Eve. I'm not related to Basil and Perdita. No. I'm a gardener. My name is Chance. Hello, Eve. I would like to watch television. Yes. Thank you. I agree. Your family doctor? It's feeling better, but it's still very sore. Yes. He's a very careful driver. Yes. I am. There's no need for a hospital. I have nothing more to say. Yes, that is correct. I think you should ask Mr. Rand that. I think you should ask Mr. Rand that. The President is a nice person. I enjoyed it very much. No. I'm not busy. Hello, Sid. Yes. It's a very good show. I see. Hello, Morton. I see. Do you need a doctor? I could call Robert... Yes, I do, it's very good. Yes. It's very tiny, but it's good. Yes, very well, thank you. Thank you. Yes, Eve. That would be good. Yes. I like that name very much. Yes, it is. Would you tell me your name again, please? Oh, good. Do you think so? Do you think so? I certainly do. We are not far... ... our chairs almost touch. Yes, I understand. Yes, I agree, I think so too. Ben is very ill. Yes, Eve. I shall yield too. I agree. Yes. I would like to do that. A flower... Oh, I see. Yes, Ben - are you going to die now? Yes. I would like to escort Eve. Certainly, Ben. Thank you, Ben. I understand. No, Ben. I'm glad he came, Ben. It was nice talking to the President. Yes, Ben - he is. Yes. That is correct. I see, Ben. Thank you, Ben. ... The nurse did a very good job, Ben. I understand. You're looking much better today, Ben. Yes, Ben. My leg is not very sore. I could give it some thought, Ben, but my leg is very sore. No, Ben. It's a very pleasant room, Ben. But I don't have that any more... ... All that's left for me now is the room upstairs. Thank you, Ben. The garden that I left was such a place. Everything which grew there was with the labor of my own hands. I planted seeds and watered them and watched everything grow. I see. I would like to work in your garden. Yes. Chauncey is fine. Yes. Shut down and locked by the attorneys. No, thank you. My house has been closed. Yes. I am very hungry. I agree. Yes. You look very sick. Yes. I like that very much. I feel very good in here. ... I see. Yes. I want to tell Eve. Yes. I like to watch very much. I like to watch. What sort of bed is it? Yes. I like to watch. I can't read. I can't write. Hello, Ronald. Yes, I would like to see Ben. Yes. Yes. I would like to go to Rand Memorial Hospital. Good day, Sally. Yes. I have seen styles on television. I am allowed to go to the attic and select any of the Old Man's suits. They all fit me very well. I can also take his shirts, shoes and coats. No. That's where Joe fixed the bricks. No. Yes. Of men and women. I never needed money. Oh. Thank you. Yes. Yes. ... My suitcase. ... Yes. You can take me. I've never ridden in an automobile. Yes. Of course. I would like to look. I agree. It's very sore. No. I'm not badly injured. But my leg is very sore. ... Hmmm... Elevator. Yes. It seems to be. ... That is a very small room. How long do we stay in here? I see. Does it have a television? Yes. I'm going to work in the garden. Yes, I'm very hungry. Yes. It is. Yes, Louise. I have seen it often. It happens to old people. ... Yes, Louise, it's snowing in the garden today. Have you looked outside and seen the snow? It's very white. Yes. I've seen that done. ... I see. Good morning, Louise. Is his back feeling better? I see. ... Good evening, Louise. I am a very serious gardener. Thank you. Yes. We need a very good gardener. Yes, I know the garden very well. I have worked in it all my life. It is a good garden and a healthy one; its trees are healthy and so are its shrubs and flowers, as long as they are trimmed and watered in the right seasons. The garden needs a lot of care. I do agree with the President; everything in it will grow strong, and there is plenty of room in it for new trees and new flowers of all kinds. Yes. Yes. I was there with Ben. Which view? No. I don't object. I hope so. Yes. That is surprising. You're welcome. Yes. Move out? I don't understand, Thomas. Correct. I have no claim, Thomas. No, Thomas. I don't know how to sign. I'm fine, Thomas. The garden is a healthy one. There is no need for a claim. I would like to stay and work in my garden. Yes, I understand. The Old Man gave me nice television sets, this one has remote control. He has one just like it. No, Thomas. I have never been in an automobile. No, I don't think so. And I have planted and shaped all the hedges, and in the springtime you will be able to see my flowers. Those trees were very young when I first arrived. No, Thomas. But I have seen the Army on television. You have me, I am here. What more proof do you need? Yes, Thomas, that is correct. Then he stopped visiting my garden. Yes and the Old Man used to come to my garden. He would read and rest there. Yes. I remember when he came. He was very fat and had short hair and showed me some pictures from a funny little book. Joe Saracini. He was a mason that did some repairs on the brickwork at the rear of the house. That was in 1952. I have no need for a doctor or dentist. I have never been ill. I have never been allowed outside of this house, and, except for Joe, I have never had any visitors. No, I do not have any of those. I was given meals, and a home... Compensated...? No. Yes, Thomas. I have always been here. I have always worked in the garden. Ever since I can remember, since I was a child. Yes. It's very cold outside today, isn't it, Thomas? I live here. I see... Yes. Louise will bring me lunch. Yes. I'm waiting for my lunch. Yes, Thomas - I understand. Hello, Thomas... I'm Chance, the gardener. Yes. I will. Yes. It has. That is correct. In a garden, growth has its season. There is spring and summer, but there is also fall and winter. And then spring and summer again... As long as the roots are not severed, all is well and all will be well in the garden. Yes, I will. You look much taller on television, Mr. President. Good morning, Mr. President.Oh, you can tell her later. She'll never miss you in this crowd. Tell Eve? You mean Mrs. Rand? Well, if that's what you want, then I want it too. We can go this way. Watch? You mean just watch me? Doing it alone? We could do it now, we can go upstairs. ... Please, it's time for us. Come upstairs.Your foot! Give me your foot!! I don't want Robert. Really? Really!!! ... Are you sure you like it? Do you like it? Can you see well?Of course... I'm so sorry for you, Eve... It's your damn job. It never happened when you were a senator... ... Is it me? Is there something I've done? ... Maybe you should talk to somebody, darling. Well, I think Jack needs some time alone with you, darling... He's getting to that age, you know... He really misses you... Oh. Well, I just talked to Cindy this morning. She loves California, but to quote her, she says, 'The Secret Service is getting to be a drag.' I guess she wants her privacy...Certainly, glad to be of help. Of course, Doctor, I understand. Well, he said it was his, he walked us through it. Another thing that baffles me, Doctor - what was his connection with the deceased? Major financial dealings, obviously - but our firm has no record of any such transactions. ... And he told us that he had been living there since he was a child, working as a gardener. He showed us a room in the garage, where he said he stayed, and I... Well, I didn't really believe him, of course - but why the act? I think you do, Mr. Chance. However, I will reiterate, this house is closed and you must leave... Call me if you change your mind about signing. C'mon, Sally - let's grab a bite... Very well, Mr. Chance - if you insist on dragging this matter on... But I must inform you this house will be closed tomorrow at noon. If indeed, you do reside here, you will have to move out. But you won't sign, correct? Come now, Mr. Chance. Good. That's good. Then if you would please sign a paper to that effect. Mr. Chance, assuming what you say is the truth, I would like to know what sort of claim you are planning to make against the deceased's estate. What are your plans now, Mr. Chance? Mr. Chance, the fact remains that we have no information of your having any connection with the deceased. ... Do you drive this, Mr. Chance? Are you related to the deceased, Mr. Chance? Have you served in the Army? ... We shall need some proof of your having resided here, Mr. Chance. Come now, Mr. Jennings had been bedridden for thirty-five years, since he fractured his spine. Mr. Chance, that was twenty-seven years ago. 1952...? ... Joe? Who's Joe? Then how about medical records? Could you give us the name of your doctor, or your dentist? Mr. Chance, perhaps you could show us some identification with your address -- a Driver's License, a credit card, checkbook? How were you paid? How were you compensated for these duties you say you performed? Do you have any proof of your employment, Mr. Chance - any checks from the deceased, any contracts or documents? Since you were a child? ... How long have you been living here? You live here? ... We don't have any record of that. ... You've quite a sense of humor, Mr. Chance - but all kidding aside, may I ask just what you are doing here? Louise?... The maid?... But she should have left earlier today... Your lunch? You have a luncheon appointment here? ... Are you waiting for someone? An appointment? ... We're with Franklin, Jennings and Roberts, the law firm handling the estate. ... The gardener? ... Yes, of course... Mr. Chance, this is Ms. Hayes. Well... He's either very, very bright or very, very dense - he's hard to figure... ... Let's just keep everything legal. ... Yeah... ... What do you make of all this? Gladly... ... The safe is in Mr. Jennings' bedroom, that'll be stop number one. Yeah... He and my father used to ride together back in the thirties... Fox hunting... Before I was born... Look, Johanna... Sally Hayes is not a bitch - she's a damn fine attorney! I've got to talk to her about this Gardiner... No! He's a real gardener! It's that gardener!Good day, Mr. Chance. It is quite amazing how those clothes have come back into style. Might you have a birth certificate, Mr. Chance? How about taxes, Mr. Chance, surely you must have paid taxes? ... Oh. Some pictures...? What about money? Your appearance doesn't suggest that at all, Mr. Chance. ... Then you really are a gardener? Mr. Chance, I'm very pleased to meet you. ... It's very bizarre - I don't know what to think... I really don't know, Tom - he seems so honest and simple... In a way, he's quite charming... ... Would you take me on a tour? ... This is another world, Tom - I never would have believed it...I'm glad you like it, Mr. Gardiner. Do you realize, Mr. Gardiner, that more people will be watching you tonight than all those who have seen theater plays in the last forty years? Of course, Mr. Gardiner, the fact that you occupy such a position in the world of finance makes you ideally suited to provide our millions of viewers with an explanation of this nation's economic crisis. Mr. Gardiner, I'm Morton Hull, the producer of 'This Evening.'Yes sir. I'll take care of that. Very good. I assure you, sir, David is a very careful driver. Please, won't you let us take you? Please, sir. It's starting to swell, is it painful? Let's have a look, do you mind? I don't think we should call anyone just yet, it may not even be all that serious. Can you walk? It's not broken, is it? This is terrible, sir - I hope you're not badly injured...Yes, chief - eight other foreign powers have put Gardiner under surveillance. We're around-the clock now, sir - I'll keep you posted. We have word that the Soviets have put out a top priority alert for information on Gardiner's background. So far, they haven't come up with a thing - what's more, as a result of their eagerness, one of their ablest agents blew his cover, we have him in custody at this time. Sorry to disturb you, chief but we have new developments. Well, sir - it occurred to us that he might be an agent of a foreign power. But, we ruled that out, as they invariably are provided with too much documentation, too much American identity... We, uh...don't quite know what to make of it yet, sir... But we'll keep on top of it, Mr. President - we'll come up with the answer. Yes, sir. Well, we do have data from Honeycutt's sources, Chief - but it isn't pertinent. We... uh, have been unable to come up with any information before the man appeared at Mr. Rand's home ... and, uh... Right, Chief. No, sir. Right, Chief. Yes, Mr. President, we attempted to contact Mr. Rand, but he was too ill to... Yes, sir - we are aware of all that, but still, we haven't been able to... No problem, Chief. Gardiner, yes, sir.Sid, it's useless! Sure, try again - where? There's nothing, it's like he never existed! ... Sid, be reasonable - I've been everywhere, there's no place left to check! ... I realize this sounds banal but there is no information of any sort on Gardiner. We have no material on him - zilch... ... Nothing.Gentlemen, needless to say, there is going to be a full Congressional investigation of your respective operations. Good night. And what do the boys around Intelligence think? Very well... Can we rule out inefficiency...? Gentlemen, I didn't call you here at such an hour to make accusations, I just want to explore the possibilities. Now, I have three questions; Is the man a foreign agent? Or, have we suddenly found that our methods of gathering data are grossly inefficient? Or, thirdly, have the man's files been destroyed? Now, I'd like some answers. Wonderful, we'll all look forward to seeing you. Is Eve around? I'd like to say hello. ... You will honor me and my family with a visit, won't you? ... Spring and summer... Yes, I see... Fall and winter. Yes, indeed... Could you go through that one more time, please, Mr. Gardiner? ... In the garden? Do you agree with Ben, Mr. Gardiner? Are we finished? Or do you think we can stimulate growth through temporary incentives? Now, Ben, did you happen to get a chance to... Well, Mr. Gardiner, that's just fine with me - I'm a man that appreciates a frank discussion... Be seated, please, Mr. Gardiner... ... Oh, really... ... Hello. I can certainly understand that... It's not that, I just... Oh, no, sweetheart - it's not you... No, that won't do any good. Yeah... I'll have a talk with him as soon as... Huh... I'm glad they're along with her, if you know what I mean... How about Jack? ... How are the kids getting along? Good. Anything else? Oh? What? I would appreciate that. ... So what does all that add up to? I'd like to hear that data, Kaufman. What the hell are you talking about, Kaufman? So...? Where the hell is it? This information goes back three days. I want the standard file, you know that. This is not what I requested. I do not want Benjamin Rand disturbed! You have other ways of gathering information than to trouble a dying man. Use whatever agencies are necessary to put together a detailed history of Chauncey Gardiner, if you run into problems, alert Honeycutt. I'll be in the office at seven in the morning and I would like to have it at that time. I've got to take a leak. He's an advisor and close personal friend of Rand's! For Christ sakes, they have volumes of data on Benjamin! ... Gentlemen, I quoted this man on national television today he is obviously a financial sophisticate of some reknown. And put it through on a Code Red - I want it as soon as possible. Kaufman, I'm going to need information on Mr. Chauncey Gardiner's background. Mr. Gardiner... Take care of yourself, Ben. Now, Ben, I won't have any of that. Why don't you listen to your good friend Chauncey this is a time to think of life! I'm sorry, too. Well, Nancy wanted me to send along her best to the two of you - and, Ben, I want to thank you for your time and thoughts. It's that serious, huh? That's too big a risk, I can't take the chance. Well, Ben... I... ... Well? I just wondered if you had gone over my speech, Ben. Mr. Gardiner, my pleasure. Well, I'm delighted to be here, my friend. I've missed you. Here, sit down, get off your feet. It's so good to see you too, Ben, you look terrific! Ben!We must speak again, Mr. Gardiner, many times! And yours, sir - Chauncey Gardiner! How poetic! Chauncey, a name of uncertain meaning! And Gardiner, a bit of the French, a suggestion of a stroll through the flowers! A beautiful name, my friend! Ho! Ho! A dash of American humor! Vladimar Skrapinov! Yes, it is very good! So you know your Krylov in Russian, do you? Mr. Gardiner, I must confess I had suspected as much all along - I know an educated man when I meet one! So you know Krylov! Yes. Tell me, Mr. Gardiner - do you by any chance enjoy Krylov's fables? I ask this because there is something... there is something Krylovian about you. Bravo! Bravo! Our chairs are indeed almost touching! And we want to remain seated on them, correct? We don't want them snatched from under us, am I right? Because if one goes, the other goes, and then - boom! Boom! And we are both down before our time, you see? And neither of us wants that, do you agree? And I have noticed in you a certain reticence regarding political issues - so why not a coming together? An interchange of opinion? We may find, my friend, that we are not so far from each other, not so far! To exchange our thoughts - what does a Russian know about business? On the other hand, what does an American know about diplomacy? ... Mr. Gardiner, I wish to be quite candid - considering the gravity of your economic situation, shouldn't we, the diplomats, and you, the businessman - get together more often? Yes, so I've heard, a shame... As you know, we in the Soviet Union have the keenest interest in developments of the First American Financial Corporation... We are pleased to hear that you may fill Benjamin's place should he fail to recover. Be seated, please, Mr. Gardiner. I'm sorry we haven't met sooner, Mr. Gardiner. I had the pleasure of seeing you on television last night and I listened with great interest to your down-to-earth philosophy. I'm not surprised that it was so quickly endorsed by the President. ... Tell me, Mr. Gardiner, just how serious is Benjamin's illness? I did not want to upset Mrs. Rand by discussing it in detail. Regretfully, Mrs. Rand - I shall yield the pleasure of your company to others. How is my dear friend Benjamin feeling? You must sit with us, my friend, we have much to discuss. Hmmm... Take this down. I want this quote included in the Tass coverage; 'Chauncey Gardiner, in an intimate discussion with Ambassador Skrapinov, noted that "Unless the leaders of the opposing political systems move the chairs on which they sit closer to each other, all of their seats will be pulled from under them by rapid social and political changes."' I see. Clearly, such interest on their part is of great political significance. But... Where was this man Gardiner before last week? What do you mean there is nothing? That's impossible. Quietly, please. Mr. Gardiner, for one, understands our language. Yes? What have you found? Thank you, Colonel. Big business. I could work with that faction quite nicely, Colonel Novogrod. A coup d'etat! Of course, that was foreseen by Lenin himself! That could be possible...Oh, Mr. Rand, of course. Right this way, sir. ... Did you wish to see someone, sir? ... Sir? May I help you, Mr. Gardiner?... Yes sir - elevator! Yes sir, I guess that's true smallest room in the house. How long? I don't know, see what the doctor says ... No - but Mr. Rand does have one with an electric motor, that way he can get around by himself. Yes, ma'am. I shall take the gentleman to the third floor guest suite, ma'am. Dr. Allenby is standing by. Good evening, Mrs. Rand.Very well, I'd like to see him if I may. What does? Does that distress you? Mr. Kramer, do you ever have sex in here with anyone? Good. I'll see him in there. Where is the child? I'm Dr. Alvarez, Judge Atkins asked me to look in on your son and prepare an evaluation sheet. Mr. Kramer? In real life when does he hit you? Tell me, does your daddy ever hit you? What do you like best about your daddy? What do you like best about her? Do you like to be with your mommy? What about your mommy? I see you have people there. What are their names? What do you have here, Billy?My daddy doesn't hit me, silly. Why would my daddy hit me? He hits me on the planet Kriptarium, when I steal the buried treasure from the famous peanut butter factory. Playing. Lunch in a restaurant. Oh, sure. Here, this can be mommy. That's Kim...and this one's Thelma and that's Mrs. Willewska and this is daddy and that's Batman and over there is Robin. No. But I've been to Brooklyn. Detroit. On earth. Show... Greatest... Welcome to the... Ladies and gentlemen... Will you come and say good-night to me every night? Daddy, what if The Face comes when I'm at mommy's? Who will read me my stories? Where will my toys be? Where will my bed be, where will I sleep? I don't understand, daddy. Like a principal? Why does he decide? Daddy! You're home early. Did you get fired again? What else wasn't there? Was there Burger King? Was there apple juice when you were little? Did you watch "I Dream of Jeannie?" What did you do when you were little? Mom--I mean, dad? Boy, I bet you if mommy ever saw this she'd remarried you. Are you going to remarried Phyllis? Are you going to get remarried? Did mommy ever see this? Wow! That's neat. Can I sit in it? Is that really your chair? Is this really your desk? Wow! It's my name too. Sure. Lots of times. Sure. Sure. See you in the morning light... Ohhh...Ohhhh...Ohhhhh... I love you... Dad? Don't let the bedbugs bite. Good night. Oh... Is mom ever coming back? Are you...gonna go...away? Daddy? I'm sorry... Daddy? I want my...mm...ommy...I want mmmy...mommy... I want my mommy...I want my mommy.. Owwww...You're hurting me... You're hurting me...I hate you ...I hate you... No! I don't care. I hate it. I want pizza. No. Some of the brown stuff is still there. I think I'm going to throw up. I want a pizza. I'm allergic to onions. No I didn't. I hate the brown stuff. It's gross. I hate it. That's okay... That's okay. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You get a new fence. Mom, I mean dad... We use the green and yellow. That's not the right soap. We use the kind in the green and yellow box. Mom, I mean dad... I guess... Can I be excused? I'm not hungry. Mom, I mean dad? Sorry. Okay...Same as usual... Goodbye. You're late. Uh, huh... What if she forgets? Will she pick me up after school? When is mommy coming back? What about my orange juice? You forgot the milk. Wow! French toast, really? When is mommy coming back? The little hand is on the six and the big hand is on the nine. Where is mommy?My, we are a hot shot aren't we? Mis-ter Kramer, it's... ...almost four now. It's the Friday before Christmas. Nobody is going to want to-- There might be something at J. Walter Thompson. But... ...I don't think they're really serious. The position's been open for two months and... They may just be on a fishing expedition. I'm sure you'll be much happier if you wait until after the first-- I understand and I'm absolutely sure something wonderful will turn up.... ...after the first of the year. Mr. Kramer, nobody even thinks about leaving their job until after they get their Christmas bonus. Ummm, hmmm... umm, hmmm... Well, this looks very good.. Of course ... you understand this is the worst time of the year to look for a job.No, counselor, I'm going to over- rule you on this line of questioning. This is an isolated incident, counselor, unless you can prove otherwise. I see. Well, you'll have to do better than that. Do you have any affidavits to support negligence? Are you introducing the question of negligence here, counselor? Sustained. Overruled. Sustained. Overruled. The witness will answer, please.Ted was a good worker. But, ah... ... after his wife left him and he was taking care of the kid on his own, things started to change. Look, I know he had problems, I understand that. I've got problems, everybody's got problems. But I've got a shop to run, I can't let that kind of thing get in the way... I guess I felt that Ted was letting his duties at home interfere with his responsibilities in the office. It was good. He was a hard worker, a lot of drive, a real hustler. Yes... Eight, almost nine years. Disappointing. It only pulled a fourteen share and they were hoping for a twenty-five minimum, and...ah...they're not very happy and...Well, the guys have decided they want to...ah, re-think the entire concept and...Look, I don't like having to do this, okay?... But...I mean, what I mean is...ah, I'm going to have to...ah, let you go-- That's my decision, Ted and that's final. Well, ah...I thought it over and I decided we're doing it Murray's way. Murray had some ideas about the Fire and Ice campaign and he had the art department make up a few roughs... I think they're kind of interesting. Hey, Ted. C'mon in. I wanna' talk to you. Ted, this may sound a little rough, but we've just landed the biggest account in the history of this agency, right? And now it's up to us--that's you and me --to deliver the goods. Ted, you're my main man, and if I can't depend on you a hundred and ten percent, twenty-four hours a day, because you're worried about a kid with a runny nose-- Look, it's none of my business, so you can tell me to butt out, okay? But if you want my advice, you'll send Billy away to stay with relatives for a while. Just until you get yourself straightened out. But...just in case...I mean, just on the off chance she doesn't. What are you going to do about the kid? She'll be back... Look, Ted, I'm the oldest whore on the beat, okay? Three marriages, two divorces...You're gonna be okay. Listen, don't let it get you down. You're going to be fine. Jesus Christ. That's a real blockbuster. I always figured you guys had it made. I mean it Ted, you're running this one. Listen, Ted...I just want to tell you, when old man Schmidt retires next year, I've got a pretty Hey, what's the rush? C'mon, walk me a couple of blocks. Ted, will you take it easy? Revlon's not about to drop an account that represents more than two million in gross billing receipts in a small agency like this, without making us sweat. Now just relax, okay? Everything's gonna be fine.You've got that look. My lady and I split two years ago in August and I'm an old pro at this shit. First thing, stay away from the Children's Zoo. It's pure hell--if I never see another chicken, I'll be happy. I'm here, darling. Don't worry... Tough... ...I get off duty at five-thirty. How long you been divorced? Walk him over to Bethesda Fountain, buy him an ice. It'll kill twenty minutes.Objection! Your honor, counsel is raising a question that is not germane to these proceedings. Objection, your honor! Counsel is harassing the witness. Objection! No further questions. Thank you Mrs. Phillips. Can you recall any particular incident that relates to Mr. Kramer's care of his child? Your honor, I'd like to ask what this model of stability and respectability has ever succeeded at? Mrs. Kramer, were you a failure at the longest, most important personal relationship in your life? Mrs. Kramer, how can you consider yourself a fit mother when you have been a failure at virtually every relationship you have undertaken as an adult? Your honor, I would request a direct answer to a direct question. Does she have a lover? How long do you plan to live in New York, Mrs. Kramer? Were you? Congratulations, Mrs. Kramer. You have just rewritten matrimonial law. You were both divorced, Mrs. Kramer. Oh? What do you call it then --a success? The marriage ended in divorce. So, you were a failure at the longest, most important relationship in your life. How long was that? Would you speak up, Mrs. Kramer? I couldn't hear you. Whom you've seen twice in a year? Mrs. Kramer, your ex-husband, wasn't he the longest personal relationship in your life? Then, we don't really know, do we, when you say "permanently" if you're planning to remain in New York, or even to keep the child for that matter, since you've never really done anything in your life that was continuing, stable, that could be regarded as permanent. Is that...permanent? Do you have a lover now? More than three, less than thirty- three--permanently? How many lovers have you had-- permanently? Well, I can certainly understand why you left him. Did he ever fail to provide for you? Was he unfaithful? A heavy drinker? Would you describe your husband as an alcoholic? Did your husband strike or physically abuse his child in any way? In all that time did your husband ever strike you or abuse you physically in any way. Now then, Mrs. Kramer, you said you were married seven years. Is that correct? It's going to cost. We can appeal, but I can't guarantee anything. Ordered, adjudged and decreed that the petitioner be awarded custody of the minor child, effective Monday the 23rd of January. That the respondent pay for the maintenance and support of said child, four hundred dollars each month. That the father shall have the following rights of visitation: every other weekend, one night each week to be mutually agreed upon and one half of the child's vacation period. That's it. I can't tell you how sorry I am. The judge went for motherhood straight down the line. Mr. Kramer, would you tell the court exactly why you want to retain custody of your child. Do you want the kid or don't you? Look, Ted, I don't honestly think she would go to the trouble of suing you for custody of the child if she was planning on kidnapping him. Good. You've hired yourself a hell of a lawyer, Mr. Kramer. How old is the child? That's if we win. If we lose, you could end up having to pay your wife's court costs as well. First, there's no such thing as an open and shut case. Especially where custody is involved. Got it? Can you describe the relationship between Mr. Kramer and his son? How often do you see Mr. Kramer and his son? Mrs. Phillips, how long have you known Ted Kramer?Then you don't have a choice. Have Billy at the Seventy- Fifth Street entrance to Central Park, Saturday at ten. You ever see her talk to the walls? She's the mother. That means she's within her legal rights. How the hell are you going to do that? Any prospects? Ted? Are you there? Ted, I won't lie to you, we don't have a hope in hell of winning a custody hearing if you're out of work. Ted? They've set the court date. I just heard today...It's... January sixth.Mr. Kramer, there's-- Now, I'd advise you to wait outside. It'll be eas-- Ten. But I'm going to have to take some stitches. Your boy is very lucky, Mr. Kramer. One inch over and it would have caught the eye.On earth. Show. Greatest. Welcome to the greatest show on earth. Ladies and gentlemen...The prospect of losing my child. Not particularly. Doctor, I attempt to conduct my social life discreetly. At the moment I am seeing no one. He's in his room, playing. Oh, yes. Won't you come in. Yes? Your mom knows all about The Face, okay? Don't worry, she'll tell The Face to beat it. Your mom. I'll send your toys there and I'm sure you'll get some new ones. At your mom's. She'll have a bed for you in your own room. What don't you understand, pal? Bigger than a principal. The judge sits in robes in a big chair.. The judge has thought a lot about us, about you and me and your mom, and he has decided... ...he has decided that it would be best for you to live with your mom Joanna in her apartment. And I'm very lucky. Because even though you'll live with your mom Joanna I'll get to see you once a week for dinner and a couple of weekends a month. Because...Well, that's what he does. He's a very powerful man. Billy, sometimes when a mother and a father are divorced, there's a discussion about who the child should live with, the mother or the father. Now there is a man who is very wise. He's called a judge. And a judge has a lot of experience with divorces and he decides who it would be best for the child to live with. No, son, I didn't get fired. I'll tell you what we'll do, okay? How about if we go to a Burger King and then we watch a little T.V. and then we get packed to go to the country tomorrow. Just you and me...How 'bout that? Uh, uh. There was no such a thing as Burger King. Yeah, there was apple juice. Uh, uh...We didn't have television then. I guess about the same kind of things you do. Uh, huh? No, son. Daddy and mommy will never get remarried. No. I don't know. I hadn't thought much about it. No, she never did. Sure. Uh huh... Yep. You like it? Right. See. That's my name. Objection. Objection. You're leading the witness. Billy. This is Dr. Alvarez. She would like to talk to you. Sleep tight. Don't let the bedbugs bite... It's okay, son...I'm here... Just a little more to go... Don't worry, son...I'm here... Yes? See you in the morning light. Sleep tight. Now go to sleep. It's very late. I don't think so. You mean for good? Uh huh? That's okay, pal. Go back to sleep. It's very late. Yeah? Tough shit. You're stuck with me. You're no bargain either, pal. Not on your life. That's it. I've had it with crap around this house. From now on, no more pizza! Get it? Starting right now you can eat real food like a normal human being! Now listen to me, young man. Do you know what I had to go through to put this goddamn food on the goddamn table? Then eat around it. There, okay? Now that's just plain old hamburger. Oh, for God's sake...Here. No. This is fine. Just take a bite, you'll like it fine. You are not allergic of onions. All it is is onions and gravy. You don't hate it. We had Salisbury steak last week and you liked it fine. Salisbury steak. It's just...I've been catching a lot of flack at the office... Look, I'm sorry I yelled, okay? That's terrific. That's really terrific, but I notice I'm the one that's cleaning up this-- Oh, crap, I'll have to do this one over. Je-sus Christ! I catch all kind of shit at the office because I'm not pulling my weight because I'm busting my butt trying to be a decent goddamn father and-- C'mon, Billy. I'm trying to work for God's sake... In a minute... C'mon, there's not much difference-- Uh huh... Sure. Too much birthday cake, right? Yeah? Well, I see the Yankees finally won a game. Billy, don't eat with your fingers. I'm sorry, pal, but I had a meeting and-- You got a letter from mom. I'll call Thelma and remind her, okay? Don't worry. No. If I'm not here, you go home with Thelma and Kim. Soon. I told you before, very soon. Right. One O.J. coming up. That's right. You're absolutely right...It's been a long time since I made French toast. Sure. Didn't I ever tell you French toast was my specialty? I'll bet I never told you that. Now then, the first thing we need is... ... eggs! Right? I'll tell you what, kiddo--why don't I fix us some French toast? Soon. Very soon. Oh, Christ...Ah, yeah...you want to know why mom's not here, right? Huh?...Oh God...What time is it? Either you call and set up the appointment, or I'll call. And if I call, you lose the commission. Call up the people at J. Walter Thompson. Set up an appointment at four. Look, you don't understand. I need a job. I've got a kid and-- What?! What do you mean, I don't understand. Beautiful. No more waiting in Coffee Shops ...I promise. Oh, God...Oh, my God... What? Joanna, what the hell is-- Goddamnit, Joanna. What the-- Okay, I'm here. Now why did you-- I'm not interested, Joanna. Goodbye. Yeah, well he did, didn't he. Joanna, go fuck yourself! Joanna, go be a mother. Get married, have kids. Don't get married, have kids. Do whatever you want. I don't give a damn. Just leave me out of it--and leave my baby out of it. Such as? Joanna, I don't give a-- Are you out of your mind?! You're the one that walked out on him, remember? You want what?! You've been living here, in the city? He is... You sat in that coffee shop across from school-- You have? I can't help but feel somehow... it's my fault. I keep thinking I could've done something-- stopped it... Look at us, Joanna. Just like any old married couple having dinner. Who would believe it. Fine. So do you. Where are you going? Okay, I understand and I promise I won't try and stop you, but you can't just go...Look, come inside and talk...Just for a few minutes. C'mon, Joanna, you don't mean that. You're a terrific mother-- What? What about Billy? I heard you, Joanna. I promise I heard you. I'm listening, Joanna--believe me, I'm listening. My wife is walking out on me after eight years of-- So we've got problems. Everybody's got problems--that's normal-- Now listen, before you do something you'll really regret you'd better stop and think-- Joanna, whatever it is, believe me, I'm sorry. Okay, okay...What is it this time? What did I do now?... That represents a gross billing in excess of two million-- What?! I thought you might just like to know that at five-fifteen this afternoon we were officially handed the Fire and Ice account by Revlon. Are you firing me, Jim? Jim, this is garbage. This isn't anything like what we talked to Revlon about. None of it. You can't-- All right, Jim. You said I was running this show, right? You said no decisions without my approval, right? Well what the hell is this? What's going on, Jim? I don't. Jim, this isn't anything like what we talked about. It's not even close. What the hell is this? 'Night, Jim. Jim, I appreciate what you're saying. I mean it, but I really think Joanna's coming back. I don't know, Jim... I don't know, Jim. This whole thing has happened so...Pow-- like that. I'm going to be okay. The way I see it, Joanna'll come home, it's just a matter of time. Me? I've never been better. I mean having my wife walk out on me after seven years of marriage agrees with me just fine. You want to know the real kicker? The real kicker is, for the first time in my life-- the first time--I feel like a loser. Wow! Jim, I've got to go. I'm already late-- I don't think so, Jim. Maybe I shouldn't have-- But it's not a year from now, is it? And? Yeah? Now in Haskins vs. Haskins the court ruled in favor of the mother, thus establishing a precedent for awarding the child to the mother even though she previously abandoned the baby. But it doesn't work that way. A major decision was handed down by the Appellate Court in 1969--in the case of Haskins vs. Haskins. So, naturally, you assume that since Joanna left, that would be a compelling point against her, right? I don't want to hear another word against him. Not another word. He's a wonderful man ...a wonderful man... No. No, I don't believe it. Jim O'Connor would never let anything like that happen. He gave me my shot in this business. If it wasn't for Jim O'Connor I'd be--I don't know where I'd be. He's a wonderful man... So...what's so terrible about that? How should I know? I don't believe you. I can't. I've got Billy to take care of. What?!? Okay, Phyllis, what's up? Do you? And? Mmmmnph...I'll get you a cab... Yes, what? Hiya, Phyllis. These are the Revlon contracts. I thought you ought to check them out. Three months. How can you tell? I've got a lot more than twenty minutes to kill. What? Fine. No. Uh, uh. Tell him I asked for it Friday. I want it Friday. Period. I know....I know. Don't worry. I'll get the money. I'll take my chances. What if I fight it? Oh, no.. I lost him? I lost him? Oh, Christ! When Joanna-- my ex-wife--when she was talking before about how unhappy she was during our marriage...Well, I guess most of what she said was probably true. There were a lot of things I didn't understand-- a lot of things I would do different if I could. Just like I guess there are a lot of things Joanna wishes she could change...But we can't. Some things, once they are done, can't be undone. Joanna says she loves Billy. I believe she does. So do I. But the way it was explained to me, that's not the issue. The only thing that's supposed to matter here is what's best for Billy...When Joanna said why shouldn't a woman have the same ambitions as a man, I suppose she's right. But by the same token what law is it that says a woman is a better parent simply by virtue of her sex? I guess I've had to think a lot about whatever it is that makes somebody a good parent: Jesus Christ. Did you have to be so rough on her? I don't know, John...I mean, to be brutally honest, I'm not so sure what kind of mental shape Joanna's in right now. Y'know she admitted she was seeing a shrink. Six. Fine. Look, she walked out on her own child, right? That's desertion, right? Mr. Shaunessy, I'm telling you it's an open and shut case. No, but-- John, what if she kidnaps him. What?! She wants what?! I don't know. Don't worry. I plan to have something within twenty-four hours, John. Yeah. Good Christ, Joanna, just get the hell out of my life. John? Oh, Christ.. .John, there's some- thing I ought to tell you. My... ah, situation has...changed. I lost my job. Fuck you. He's my son. I'm staying with him. No. How many? Please, Thel... Please go away, Thel...I...I just have to be by myself for a little while... Hey, that's terrific. You and Charley? Uh, huh... Any day. I thought about it a lot and you're the only person I know that I trust with him. I mean, if anything happened to me, he'd be okay with you. You're a good mother. Thel, listen to me. If, on the million to one shot that I should-- That anything should happen to me. Would you take care of Billy? I didn't say I'm going to die, but if I should-- Thelma, if I die-- I don't mean a little favor. mean a big F favor. He's okay...Thel, can I ask you a favor? What d'you tell her? She ever ask about me? California? Thel, you ever hear from Joanna? C'mon, Thel. So Charley had a little fling. So what? All in all he was a pretty good husband. D'you think you and Charley'll ever get back together again? How many onions does it say to use? You ever think about getting married again? Slow down...Slow down... Wait a minute! Wait a minute! I'm sure. I understand. Got it. Thelma, I've lost my wife, I'm not losing my child. I'm gonna keep him, why? I don't know, Thel...This whole thing has happened so...Pow, like that. I'd like to know what the hell kind of courage it takes to walk out on your husband and your child? Y'know something Thelma--you are the typhoid Mary of divorce. I mean it. Joanna and I never had any trouble until you and Charley split up. Boy, you guys are really something, y'know? I'd like to know one thing, okay--just one little thing. Did you tell Joanna she should leave me? Then how come she never said anything like that to me? Joanna said that? Two. She is getting to be a real hermit or recluse or whatever it is you call it. Thelma, do you know where I could be in this business if I had a wife that entertained or went out socially-- Did it ever occur to you guys that Joanna Kramer's not the easiest person in the world to live with?! Did it?! For one thing she's always thirty minutes late. You can set your watch by it-- Listen, Joanna Kramer's got a goddamn good life. She's got a husband that loves her. She's got a terrific kid. She's got a wonderful home-- Things? What kind of things? Hostile? Me? Thelma, I'm not hostile. I am anything but hostile. But if you want to know what I am. I'll tell you what I am. What I am is, I am hurt. I am very hurt. And I just want to know one thing, okay? Just one thing ...Why? That's all I want to know...Why? Yeah, she said it wasn't any use talking anymore. I walk in the house and before I can say "How are you?", "Did you have a nice day?" before I can say anything. Pow she's out the door. I came home tonight. We just got the Fire and Ice account at the agency. Do you know what that means?! Do you understand what that means? It means that it was maybe one of the five best days in my whole life. All right, Thelma, you want to know what's going on? I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you exactly what's going on. Ha! You tell me. Don't play innocent with me, Thelma. You know perfectly well what's going on. All right, Thelma...That's it. I've had it. You can call your good friend Joanna Kramer and tell her enough is enough, okay? I mean, I don't know what I did, but you can tell her she's made her point.What do you think? Ease back, Mills. You're wound too tight, Mills. Let it go. You don't. It goes to court now. So far it's all dead ends. No credit history. No employment history. His bank account's only five years old and it started as cash. We're even trying to trace his furniture, but for now all we know is he's independently wealth, well educated and totally insane. We may never know how he got that way. He cuts off the skin if his fingertips. That's why we can't find a single usable print in the apartment. He's been doing it for quite a while. Keeps cutting before the papillary line can grow back. Go start picking up the pieces. We'll shuffle some paper and try to get you a new partner. That's not necessary. You're in. How's that? I don't have anyone else to give this to, Somerset, you know that. And nobody's going to swap with you. I guess... decide for yourself. I don't know what it says. I'm going to go. He's being arraigned tomorrow. They're hoping you stop and say goodbye before you go, but I told them not to expect it. We figure you need all the tools you can get to fix up that piece of shit you call a house. How you feeling? Well, there he sits. It's not supposed to make sense. It's always been like this. I heard. You know. Can't you feel it yet? Can't you feel that feeling... ? You're not going to be a cop anymore. Come on. What are you going to do with yourself out there? Yeah. I thought you might want to be filled in. Greed. It was written in blood. There was a second. Have you heard? You've left unfinished business before. I know what you're thinking, okay? You don't want to get in bed with this every night, but it's different now. You're retiring. In six days you're all the way gone. What's this: "I'm declining this case?" It don't work that way. Hey, so gluttony is one of the seven deadly sins. But, this was a fat guy. The killer may have felt this was the just best way to torture him. And, writing on the walls happens all the time. It's like the fashionable thing to do. So what? This victim... Announcing what?He had a gun. He had a gun... and he made it happen. He made me do it! He made me put that... that thing on. Oh, Christ! He made me wear it... and... and he told me to fuck her. He had the gun in my mouth. She was... she was on the bed. She was just sitting on the bed. What? What? And... and... and he said... he asked me if I was married. And, I could see he had a gun in his hand.Okay... This guy paid me five hundred bucks to bring it out here. He wanted it here at exactly seven o'clock. I'm... I'm just delivering a package. What the hell's going on? Jesus Christ, man, don't shoot me!You didn't know. Her pretty head. I visited your home this morning, after you left. It's surprising how easily a member of the press can purchase information from the men in your precinct. What time is it? It's not too far away now. It doesn't matter who I am. Who I am means absolutely nothing. You need to turn left here... at the traffic light. What do you mean? Hello. Because I envy your normal life. Envy is my sin. I want you to know, I wish I could have lived like you do. Here he comes. You've made a good life for yourself... I wish I could have been a normal man like you. I wish I could have a simple life. It's close. And, I remember breaking your nose. You're only alive because I didn't kill you. Tell me what it was that gave me away. What was the piece of evidence you were going to use against me right before I walked up to YOU and put my hands in the air. Really? Just biding your time, then? Toying with me. Is that it? Letting five people die until you finally felt like going out and hauling me in? You're going to be remembered, and it's all because of me. And, the only reason I'm here right now is because I wanted to be. You should be thanking me. A woman... so ugly on the inside that she couldn't bare to go on living if she couldn't be beautiful on the outside. A drug dealer... a drug dealing pederast, actually. And, don't forget the disease spreading whore. Only in a world this shitty could you even try to say these were innocent people and keep a straight face. That's the point. You see a deadly sin on almost every street corner, and in every home, literally. And we tolerate it. Because it's common, it seems trivial, and we tolerate, all day long, morning, noon and night. Not anymore. I'm setting the example, and it's going to be puzzled over and studied and followed, from now on. A woman... Innocent? Is that supposed to be funny? Look at the people I killed. An obese man, a disgusting man who could barely stand up... who if you saw him on the street, you'd point so your friends could mock him along with you. Who if you saw him while you were eating, you wouldn't be able to finish your meal. After him I picked the lawyer. And, you both must have been secretly thanking me for that one. This was a man who dedicated his life to making money by lying with every breath he could muster... to keeping rapists and murderers on the streets. You wouldn't because you know there are consequences. It's in those eyes of yours, though... nothing wrong with a man taking pleasure in his work. I won't deny my own personal desire to turn each sin against the sinner. I only took their sins to logical conclusions. I... I doubt I enjoyed it any more than... Detective Mills would enjoy some time alone with me in a room without windows. Isn't that true? How happy would it make you to hurt me, with impunity? Oh, don't worry. You won't... I can't wait for you to see. I can't wait... It's really going to be something. It's going to be flawless. People will barely be able to comprehend it. It will seem almost surreal... but it will have a tangible reality, so they won't be able to deny it. You can't see the whole... the whole complete act yet. Not yet. But, when this is done, it's going to be... so... so... You know that's not true. Not me. I'm not special. I'm not exceptional. This is, though. What I'm doing. Wanting people to pay attention, you can't just tap them on the shoulder. You have to hit them in the head with a sledgehammer. Then, you have their strict attention. You'll see.I'm in. How is it working for a scumbag like this? You proud of yourself? He's pissing in our faces again and we're just taking it. He wouldn't just turn himself in. It doesn't make any sense. What about the trace on his bank account and the guns? There must be something to connect him with a past. Thank you. There's nothing that says I have to work with him. If Somerset wants out, "goodbye." Give it to me. Give it to me. Somerset... What the fuck is going on? Shut up! What the fuck is going on here?! Just keep leading the way. Sit back. I seem to remember knocking on your door. We would have gotten you eventually. And, why is that? Delusions of grandeur. Murderers like you? Murderers? You only killed a bunch of innocent people so you could get your rocks off. That's all. Now... I wouldn't do something like that, Johnny. I like you. I like you a lot. Well, I'll be standing beside you the whole time, so you be sure to let me know when this whole, complete reality thing is done. Wouldn't want to miss it. Spit it out. In two months, no one's going to even remember this happened. I hate to burst your bubble, but other than the fact that you're especially sadistic, there's nothing unusual about these precious murders of yours. What makes you so special that people should pay attention? We're not just going to pick up two more bodies, are we, Johnny? That wouldn't be... shocking enough. Wouldn't keep you on the front page of the newspapers. Where we headed? Put the gun down, Somerset! Put your gun down!! Tell me it's not true. What did you say? What are you talking about? What happened? Wait! Kiss me on the lips. Well, I have to tell you... I think I've fallen in love with you. I will. No. Well... what the fuck, man? You know he's fucking us. When do we get to question him? Big surprise. You knew I'd say yes. You think you're doing me a big favor by staying? Oh, you want to stay now? He cut her up and dressed the wounds. Listen to yourself. You say, "the problem with people is they don't care, so I don't care about people." But, you're already here. You've been here a long time. So, there's a part of you that knows, even if everything you say is true, none of it matters. You're talking about people who are mentally ill. You're... Oh, you're so much better than everyone, right? No one's worthy of you. What the fuck is wrong with you? What burnt you out? You think you're preparing me for the hard times ahead? You think you're toughening me up? Well, you're not! You're quitting, fine... but I'm staying. Why don't you shut the fuck up for a while? You bitch and complain... if I thought like you, I would have slit my wrist already. You follow the law and do the best you can. It's all there. You do your job... You're the oldest man I know, Somerset. How can you say that? Especially after today? If we get him, I'll be happy enough. Sounds like a father who wanted his son to follow in his footsteps. He's preaching. Looking around... I've got a bad feeling these murders are his life's work. Then, he must write about these murders. I'm trying, alright? Just tell me what we've got. We had him. No point in arguing anymore... Okay... okay... get off. By the time we clear a warrant someone else is going to be dead. What the fuck is wrong with you? We have probable cause now. The hell I can't! We get in there and we can stop him. It was him. I'm fine. Who told you about my silver tongue? You been talking to my wife? What are you going to say? Sure. Uh, excuse me... are you by any chance a serial killer? Oh, you are? Well, come with us then, if it's okay. This is stupid. It'd be just too easy. You're sure you're reading that right? John Doe? The Writings of Saint Thomas Aqu... Aquin... The Marquis de Sade and Origins of Sadism. Modern Homicide Investigation. In Cold Blood. Of Human Bondage. Human Bondage? I know, I know... focusing on one little thing. This is a waste of time. How do you know all about this? Yeah. Some college student who's taking English 101 and just happens to be writing a paper on Twentieth Century Crime. So they ran our list. How is this legal? You got to be kidding. What? Assessing fines? Him? It's be best if you got to the point, cause I'm about ready to punch you in the face. Well, that was money well spent. I don't know... like fifty. What does all that matter anyway? It's not our job to figure him out, is it? All we have to do is catching him. Just because the bastard has a library card, it doesn't make him Einstein. And so what? We don't know for sure... Sooner or later his luck's goning to run out. Hey, Freud, what brand of bullshit are you shoveling, huh? Right now he's probably dancing around his room in a pair of his mommy's panties, singing show tunes and rubbing himself with peanut butter... Oh, blah, blah, blah. The guy's insane. There must be something in this pile of garbage we can follow. I mean, Christ... do we have to let this lunatic make all the moves. I'm sick of sitting around, waiting for him to kill again. A landlord's dream tenant: a paralyzed man with no tongue. Sorry about that... I just... How do those cockroaches get here so quick? I don't know about you, but I feed off my emotions. No kidding! No fucking kidding! I want him bad. I don't just want to catch him anymore. I want to hurt him. It is Victor. Sounds like he knew what he was talking about. I expected it to be bad, you know. I took a human life... but I slept like a baby that night. I never gave it a second thought. I got him. I got the son-of-a-bitch. See, I was doing really good up till then. Lots of street busts. I've always had this weird luck... everything always went my way, but this was wild. I got him with one shot... right between the eyes. Next thing I know, the mayor's pinning a medal on me. Picture in the paper, whole nine yards. It was my first one of these. We were a secondary unit, and I was pretty shaky going in. I was still considered a rookie. Never took a bullet. I pulled my gun once. fired it once. Satisfy our curiosity? We'll tag along. The fingerprints. You tell me. I'm new in town. Does this make it with you? I've seen the same. I'm not the country hick you seem to think I am. Bullshit. Oh, that's all. Then, you tell me what you think we're doing. And you don't? Who the hell knows? There's plenty of freaks out there doing dirty deeds they don't want to do. You know... little voices tell them bad things. He just may be nuts enough. Just, honestly... have you ever seen anything like this... been involved in anything like this? Oh, yeah, sure. You got to be kidding?! What? We're screwed. He's fucking with us. What the fuck is that? Nothing. Even if they did, those photos were taken before forensics. Okay. But, what? I know. None. Which I don't understand. He had to get back out. Nothing. Like, because someone's holding a gun on you. Forced what? Right. But there, pride comes first, not gluttony. The sins are in a different order. Yeah. Parts of them. Anyway, in Purgatory, Dante and his buddy are climbing up that big mountain... seeing all these other guys who sinned... Like in the Parson's Tale, and Dante. Punishing. We put her in a safe house. Gould's wife. She was away on business. If this means she saw anything, I don't know what. We've questioned her at least five times. Look, I appreciate being able to talk this out, but, uh... He cut along the side of his stomach. The love handle. The leather chair was soaked through with sweat. Well, his body was found Monday night, okay? But, get this... the office was closed all day Monday. Which means, as long as the gluttony killing was done before the weekend, our killer could've gotten in here on Friday. He could've spent all day Saturday with Gould, and all day Sunday. Our guy got into office, probably before the building closed and security tightened up. Gould must have been working late. You've never seen "The Odd Couple?" This is sick. "The Honeymooners?!" I just have to say, I can't respect any man who's never seen "Green Acres." You go to movies at least? What about sports? I'd like you to meet Somerset. How's that? Well? It's my wife. Detective Mills here. Honey... I asked you not to call me here. I'll call you back... What? Why? Can we talk about this in private? Whoa, whoa... what?! This is his stuff. I've been out in the cold all day. This was one sadistic motherfucker. It could be nothing. This doesn't make any sense. Have you found any plastic scrapings near the stove or sink? Near the food? Okay... sure... It's just that, with my old partner, you know... Yeah, well, all I want is... Just, just don't be jerking me off. That's all I ask. Don't jerk me off. The badge in my pocket says "detective," same as yours. Anyway... I did my time on door-to-doors, and walking a beat. I did all that shit for a long time. You've seen my files, right? Seen the things I've done? You think it was poison? I don't know. Feel free to look for yourself, okay? It's a bucket of vomit. There's a bucket. Under the table. There's a bucket here. When we found him, he was lying there with a knife in his back, so what else could it be but homicide? Except, I finally figured out... he held the knife behind him... put the tip of it in his own back and got real close to the wall... then he shoved his body backwards... Then, why are we wasting our time? This guy's heart's got to be roughly the size of a canned ham. If this isn't a coronary, I don't know what is. Who said this was murder? For now. And I wonder how many times Officer Davis there has found a dead man who wasn't really dead until Davis was in the car calling it in and eating a donut. I realize that. I wasn't standing around guarding the local Taco Bell. I've worked homicide for five and a half years. Maybe I thought I could do more good here than there. I don't know. Look, it'd be great by me if we didn't start right off kicking each other in the balls. But, you're calling the shots, Lieutenant, so... however you want it to go. Maybe I'm not understanding the question. I'm here for the same reasons as you, I guess. Or, at least, the same reasons you used to have for being here before... before you decided to... quit. I... I don't follow. I need to start getting the feel of it all, right? Meet the people. Actually, if it's all the same, I'd like to get to the precinct house a.s.a.p. Seeing how we don't have much time for this whole transition thing. I'm a little thrown. I just got in town like twenty minutes ago and they dumped me here. What? Are you absolutely certain? Anything... anything missing or different. Please, I need you to help me if we're going to get who did this. I need you to look at each one carefully... very carefully. Look for anything that seems strange or out of place. Anything at all. I'm sorry about this, Mrs. Gould. I really am.I'll see you. I read about it in the paper. It would be too hard. Yeah, that's true. Thank you. Tell them, thank you. I can breathe withour pain now, so I guess I feel great. He's not finished. Really? I have no understanding of this place anymore. Did you read in the paper today, about the man who was walking his dog? he was attacked, and his wallet and his watch were taken. And then, while he was still lying unconscious, his attacker stabbed him with a knife in both eyes. It happened four blocks from here. What are you talking about? I'll get a job, maybe on a farm. I'll work on the house. Good. I'm sure everyone's doing their best. It's none of my business anymore. Already. No, I haven't heard. Everything else was taken as close to conclusion as humanly possible. Also... this shouldn't be his first assignment. This can't be my last duty here. It will go on and on. One is gluttony. ... envy, sloth, pride and lust. Seven. There are seven deadly sins. Gluttony, wrath, greed... "Dear Detectives, Long is the way, and hard, that out of hell leads up to light." It's the murderer's way of announcing himself. Who tied her down? You or him? Where was the prostitute? Where was she? Where was the girl? Put it down. Put it on the ground. Who are you? What are you doing out here? Turn around. Hands on your head! NO! Give me the gun. David... please... Why? What's so exciting? I mean, at this point, what would it hurt if you told us a little about yourself? I don't believe it. Don't do this... please... I can't let you do this... Throw your weapon, detective! Now! Throw your gun down now! There's no time to discuss it! Stay with him. Give me a break. Slut. What is it? If John Doe's head splits open and a U.F.O. flies out, I want you to have expected it. I can tell you this. I recognize his lawyer. His name's Mark Swarr. He's only two murders away from finishing his masterpiece, right? Can you even conceive of what's going to happen next? I mean, can you even imagine how he'll try to finish it? You and I are, probably for the first time ever, in total agreement. He wouldn't just stop. Because he is John Doe, by choice. As soon as this is over, I'm gone. No, actually, I wasn't sure at all. I'm requesting you keep me on as your partner a few more days. You'd be doing me the favor. One of two things will happen. We're either going to get John Doe, or he'll finish his series of seven, and this case will go on for years. Call for help, and you'll live. But, you'll be disfigured. Or, put yourself out of your misery. That part of me is dead. No I'm not! I'm talking about common, everyday life here. If you let yourself worry about one thing, you'll worry about the next, and the next, and it never ends. In this place, ignorance isn't just bliss, it's a matter of survival. Wrong! I sympathize completely, because if you can't win... then, if you don't ignore everything and everyone around you, you... you become like John Doe. It's easier to beat a child than it is to raise it, because it takes so much work to love. You just have to make sure you don't stop to think about the abuse, and the damage, because you'll risk being sad. Keep ignoring. It wasn't one thing, if that's what you mean. I just... I can't live here anymore. I can't live where stupidity is embraced and nurtured as if it were a virtue. People don't want a champion. They just want to keep playing the lottery and eating hamburgers. Just know that in this case there's not going to be any satisfaction. If we caught John Doe and he were the devil himself, if it turned out he were actually Satan, then, that might live up to our expectations. No human being could do these things, right? But, this is not the devil. It's just a man. Where's the victory? You tell me, then... you walk into an apartment, and a man has beaten his wife to death, or the wife murdered the husband, and you have to wash the blood off their children. You put the killer in jail. Who won? Don't try to focus on things as black and white, because you'll go blind. There's no winning and losing here. No. Face it now. Stop thinking it's good guys against bad guys. You know... there's not going to be a happy ending to this. It's not possible anymore. One birthday he gave me this brand new hardcover book, "The Century of the Detective," by Jurgen Thorwald. It traced the history of deduction as a science, and it sealed my fate, because it was real, not fiction. And, that a drop of blood or a piece of hair could solve a crime... it was incredible to me. The irony is, after a day of the type of work he did, he'd come home and read me these morbid crime stories. Murders in the Rue Morgue. Le Fanu's Green Tea. My mother would give him hell because he was keeping me up till all hours. These murders are his masterwork. His sermon to all of us. To all us sinners. No dates indicated, placed on the shelves in no discernible order. It's just his mind poured out on paper. I don't think it's going to give us any specifics. "What sick, ridiculous, puppets we are, and what a gross, little stage we dance on. What fun we have, dancing and fucking, not a care in the world. Not knowing that we are nothing. We are not what was intended." Well, there are at least five thousand notebooks in this room, and near as I can tell, each notebook contains two hundred and fifty pages. We could use about fifty more men here. What are you talking about? You stupid son of a... Think it through. If we leave a hole like this, we'll never prosecute. He'll walk. We have to come up with some excuse for knocking on this door. Think about how we got here! Think about it... We need a warrant. You can't go in there. Wait... just wait. What happened? Are you alright? You do the talking. Put that old silver tongue of yours to work. We'll take a look at him. Talk to him. That's what it says. Jonathan Doe. Saint Thomas Aquinas. He wrote about the seven deadly sins. That is. It's not what you think it is. The Divine Comedy. A History of Catholicism. A book called Murderers and Madmen. We're focusing. I don't. Neither do you. Yeah, well... at least we're out of the office. We've got pizza. If you want to know who's been reading Paradise Lost, Purgatory, and say... The Life and Time of Charlie Manson, the Bureau's computer will tell you. It might give us a name. Legal... illegal. These terms don't apply. I don't applaud it. Flagged books cover every topic the Bureau deems questionable... communism to violent crime. They monitor reading habits. Not every book, but certain ones are flagged. Books about... let's say, how to build a nuclear bomb, or maybe Mein Kampf. Whoever takes out a flagged book has their library records fed to the F.B.I. from then on. For a long time, the F.B.I.'s been hooked into the library system, keeping accurate records. It's probably nothing, but even if it is, it's no skin off our teeth. The man at Hot Dog World is a friend, in the Bureau. By telling you this, I'm trusting you more than I trust most people. Let's go. How much money do you have? Just, realize... this is not some common lunatic. The type of intestinal fortitude it must take... to keep a man bound for a full year. To connect tubes to his genitals. To sever his hand and use it to plant fingerprints. He's methodical and exacting, and worst of all, he's patient. Well, he's been right so far, hasn't he? This quote... his first words to us. I looked it up. It's from Milton's Paradise Lost. "Long is the way, and hard, that out of hell leads up to light... " Yes we do. Here... No. He's not depending on luck. You've seen that. We walked into that apartment exactly one year after he first tied Victor to the bed, to the day. To the day! Because he wanted us to. No. It's a fine line between insane and inspired. It's too dismissive to call him a lunatic. We can't make that mistake. This is the job. It's not an Easter egg hunt. Who pays the rent on time. Victor's landlord says an envelope of cash was in the office mailbox each month. He says, quote, "I never heard a single complaint from the tenant in apartment three-o-one, and nobody ever complained about him. He's the best tenant I've ever had. Oh, it's alright. They pay cops for the inside scoop, and they pay well. He'll string us along all the way if we're not careful. We have to divorce ourselves from emotions here. No matter how hard it is, we have to stay focused on the details. Listen to me. He's all about playing games. The way this has gone till now, I wouldn't have thought it was possible, but we may have underestimated this guy. Call an ambulance. I think Hemingway wrote somewhere... I can't remember where, but he wrote that in order to live in a place like this, you have to have the ability to kill. I think he meant you truly must be able to do it, not just faking it, too survive. How was it? How did the fire fight end? And? Never in my twenty-four years, knock on wood. I've only ever taken my gun out five times with the actual intention of using it. Never fired it though. Not once. You? Why would we? Yes. They were there... so, it must be. He doesn't have the desire somehow. Our killer seems to have more purpose. More purpose than Victor could ever conceive of. Doesn't seem like our man, does it? In this city, if all the skeletons came out of all the closets... if ever hidden body were to suddenly rise again, there'd be no more room for the living. I'm, sorry, but even the most promising clues usually lead only to other clues. I've seen so many corpses rolled away... unrevenged. We put it in a nice neat pile and file it away, on the slim chance it's ever needed in a courtroom. It's like collecting diamonds on a desert island. You keep them just in case you ever get rescued, but it's a pretty big ocean out there. All we do is pick up the pieces. We take all the evidence, and all the pictures and samples. We write everything down and note what time things happened... I wish I still thought like you. You meant what you said to Mrs. Gould, didn't you? About catching this guy. You really want to believe that, don't you? It doesn't fit. He doesn't want us to help him stop. No. Just wait! Bear with me. There must be something. A switchblade. It's got to be. You're sure your men didn't move this? What if it's not that she's seen something? What if she's supposed to see something, but she just hasn't been given a chance to see it yet? This is the one thing. No witnesses of any kind? Totally unrelated victims. No fingerprints? Attrition. When you regret your sins, but not because you love God. For now, let's just consider the books as the murderer's inspiration. The books and sermons are about atonement for sin. And, these murders have been like forced attrition. Seven Terraces of Purgation. Did you read them? The sins were used in medieval sermons. There were seven cardinal virtues, and then seven deadly sins, created as a learning tool, because they distract from true worship. He's preaching. And, if it's a threat. This is just to satisfy my curiosity. I'm still leaving town Saturday. He must have left another puzzle piece. All day Saturday, and all day Sunday. The murderer would want Gould to take his time. To have to sit there and decide. Where do you make the first cut? There's a gun in your face... but, what part of your body is expendable? I'm certain. He was the biggest defense lawyer around. Infamous, actually. I vaguely recall a large, angry man, and someone called Norton. I read. Remember reading? What about them? All television does is teach children that it's really cool to be stupid and eat candy bars all day. Hello. Tonight. I'm invited to have a late supper at your house. And, I accept. What? It's a package deal. You get the phone with the office. It's too soon for him. I'm declining this case. I want us reassigned. This is a premeditated puzzle, and it's only the beginning. He ate his fill, and was forced to continue eating... till his body rejected the food. the killer held a bucket under him, and then kept serving. He took his time. The coroner says this might have gone on for more than twelve hours. The victim's throat was swollen from the effort, and there was probably a point where he passed out. That's when killer kicked him in the stomach. Popped him. But, why would there be so many pieces in his stomach if it were nothing? It must have been intentional. You always have to find one singular thing to focus on. There's always one thing, and it may be as small as a speck of dust, but you find it and focus... till it's an exhausted possibility. Same color and texture. I just don't think we should have that sort of relationship. We'd start quarreling over insignificant things. Is that clear? I made a decision, because I have to consider the integrity of the scene. I can't worry whether you think you're getting enough time on the playing field. Good. No. Guessing at this point is useless. Is there any blood in it? What? Please be quiet for a while, would you? No one yet. Drop it. I wonder what exactly was the point of the conversation you were about to get into? Well, over the next seven days, do me the favor of remembering it. Not here. Let me tell you how I want this to go. I want you to look, and I want you to listen. It's very simple. You worked a nice, quiet town, but you fought to get here as if your life depended on it. I've just never seen it done that way before, Detective. You just met me. All this effort you've made to get transferred, it's the first question that pops into my head. I meant to ask you something, Mills, when we spoke on the phone. I can't help wondering... why here? Since we're just starting out, I thought we could go to a bar... sit and talk for awhile. After that, we'll... I can tell you now, I know... I'm positive I made the right decision. I'm positive. But, there's never a day that passes that I don't wish I had decided differently. Well, I got up one morning and went to work... just like any other day, except it was my first since hearing about the baby. And, I... I felt this fear and anxiety washing over me. I looked around, and I thought, how can we raise a child surrounded by all this? How can a child grow up here? So, that night, I told her I didn't want us to have it, and over the next few weeks, I convinced her it was wrong. I mean... I wore her down, slowly. Oh, Tracy... I have to tell you, I'm not the one to talk to about this. You should look into private schools. He mentioned it. Talk to him about it. He'll understand if you tell him how you feel. You have to put blinders on sometimes. Most times. I feel strange being here with you... without David knowing. It's a hard place. I don't know, with this case. Too long. What do you think so far? Any person who spends a significant amount of time with me finds me... disagreeable. Just ask your husband. I was close once. It just didn't happen. I guess I won't be showing it to him then. Don't worry. I don't wear it at the dinner table. Really? I hear you and Mills were high school sweethearts. It smells good. Oh... um, William. Did their son see it happen? Yes. Look at all the passion splattered up on the wall here. Why always like this? Only after the fact... this sudden realization, that if you shoot someone, or stick a knife in them, that person will cease to exist. Did the wife confess?I don't know. This is a done deal. All but the paperwork. Crime of passion. When the patrolman came she was trying put his head back together. She was crying too hard to say anything. Neighbors heard them screaming at each other for like two hours. It was nothing new. But, then they heard the gun go off. Both barrels.Tractor beam strength lessening, Captain. They reach final position in... Twenty-seven minutes -- mark. Sir! Airlock four has been opened; a thruster suit is reported missing! Deck four, Captain; Officers' Quarters...! It is a courier, Captain. Grade One priority. Non-belligerency confirmed. Departure angle.And when V'ger melds? What will happen to you? It expects a return signal now, ordering it to transmit that information to the Creator. V'ger is announcing that it has arrived, sir -- that it's ready to deliver the information it was programmed to collect... To join, and become One with the Creator? A machine...! Then it had to be programmed. By whom ...? You said V'ger's purpose was to find and join with the Creator. Does V'ger object to the presence of the two carbon units? Within you are memory patterns of a carbon unit. If I can help you revive these patterns; you could understand our functions better. What does that mean? Enterprise would be unable to function without carbon units. What is Enterprise's proper evolvement? Yes. The crews of the previous Enterprises were also carbon units. In what way is the life form in your vessel different? And plug the signal directly into the circuitry at this... ... point here, Captain. It should pick up even a tricorder playback. The fault is here, sir, not in the transmission. The antenna leads have been disconnected. V'ger never intended to accept a transmitted signal. Captain... I'd like to go along... Captain, we can't be sure that our... move... will actually save Earth. I'm afraid our hand is pretty weak, Captain. But it's the only game in town. Captain, what's the next move? Why bring us inside? Not to destroy us; they could have done that outside. The ship is under attack...! Man all defensive stations...! It's taken control of the computer...! You asked my opinion, sir. That's precisely the point, Captain. We don't know it will do. Moving into the cloud -- at this time, is an unwarranted gamble. I advise caution, Captain; we can't withstand another attack. Captain, we've seen what their weapons can do. Shouldn't we take every possible precaution -- ? Recommend defensive posture, Captain: Screens and shields. Of course not. I'm aware of Mister Spock's qualifications. Yes, sir, I'll do that. Sir, you haven't logged a single star hour in two and a half years. That, plus your unfamiliarity with the ship's design -- in my opinion, sir, seriously jeopardizes our mission. Permission to speak freely, sir? I'm aware of that, sir. Thank you, sir. I'm sorry I embar- rassed you. Sir, the Enterprise redesign increases phaser power by channeling it through the main engines. When they went into anti-matter imbalance, the phasers were automatically cut off. ... but I still recommend further simulation study. Program set for standard Warp entry, Captain... None available, Captain. There's no one in fact, who's fully rated on this design. No, Admiral. I don't think you are; not one damned bit. I remember when you recommended me for this command. You told me how envious you were, and if only you could find a way to get a starship command again. Well, sir, it looks like you found a way. Admiral, this is an almost totally new enterprise. You don't know her a tenth as well as I do. May I ask Why? -- You, personally, are assuming command? You are what...? You got the Enterprise, it's what you wanted. This is what I want. But, Jim... ... I'm the right choice for this mission. We have twenty-one minutes. Captain, we can still save V'ger... and ourselves. Mr. Spock, what would V'ger need to fulfill itself? Forward motion, Captain...! It seems we all imagine God in our own image. That probe in there -- in a different form now -- is the same thing that killed Ilia! It's a programmed mechanism , Mr. Spock... We could have cut it off at the main computer... They may have attacked only as a warning to us, Captain. To keep away. If I'd seen you again, would you have been able to say it? No more than I expected Not as difficult as this. I'm sorry... Wormhole distortion has over- loaded main power systems...! Negative control from inertial lag will continue 22 point five seconds before forward velocity slows to sub-light speed. I now the Captain meant no person- al insult. Hello, Ilia.No. That you left? or that you didn't say 'goodbye'? Was he difficult? Navigational deflectors inoperative...! Directional control also inoperative, Captain...! Unidentified small object has been pulled into the wormhole with us, Captain! Directly ahead...! I would never take advantage of a sexually immature species. You can assure him that's true, can't you? Decker....! Fifteen seconds to Cloud Boundary. Thirty seconds to Cloud boundary... Ten seconds.... Impact in fifteen seconds... Five minutes to Cloud boundary! Twelve seconds...! My oath of celibacy is on record Captain. May I assume my duties? 'Commander' Decker? Lieutenant Ilia reporting for duty, sir.We will answer and present proof of our answer when it is ready! Our data is being prepared. Then V'ger must withdraw its orbiting devices. The information will not be disclosed. Because V'ger is going to destroy all the carbon units on the third planet. Not until V'ger withdraws the devices orbiting the third planet. The carbon-units are not responsible for that. Why ?! Why ...?! The examination is a normal function. Who is V'ger? Find the Creator? What Creator? Whose ...!? What does V'ger want of the 'Creator'... ? Why does V'ger travel to the third planet of the solar system directly ahead? Where is Lt. Ilia? Is V'ger the Captain of the alien vessel? Who is...'V'ger'...? Mr. Scott... on my next signal. Engineering... Mr. Chekov, when do those devices activate? Spock...! Get a fix on his position! Have a security team meet me at Deck Four main elevator! Very well, Mr. Chekov, see to it. Viewer off. Departure angle on viewer. Enterprise, I want that signal again. Transmit! Capture God! In order to retrieve V'ger's data, the Creator has to physically come here!... Mr. Decker... I will contact you every five minutes. Otherwise... inform Mr. Scott immediately. No! , if we do not provide V'ger with certain information, we won't have twenty-two seconds ; the plan must be implemented upon arrival. Well, Mr. Decker, it seems my bluff is being called. The question is, Mr. Decker, is there a next move... They could have many ways of destroying things, Mr. Decker. Forcefields, full remaining strength...! Total reserve! It's running our records! Starfleet strength, Earth defenses... Computer off ! How do you define unwarranted , mister ?! That thing is twenty hours from Earth. We know nothing about it yet. Mr Decker.... No... ... that could also be misinter- preted as hostile, Mr. Decker. Cloud composition, Mr. Spock? Mister Chekov, log Mister Spock's Starfleet commission reactivated; list him as Science Officer; both effective immediately. If our Executive Officer has no objections...? I trust you will... nursemaid me through these difficulties, Mister? Granted. Stop competing with me, Decker! You saved the ship. Then you acted properly, of course. Explanation, Mr. Decker: Why was my phaser order countermanded? Mister Decker; every minute brings that object nearer Earth! Engineering! Stand by for Warp Drive. Programming ready? You are, Mister Decker. I'm afraid you'll have to double as Science Officer. We'll have to replace Commander Sonak. I'd still like a Vulcan there, if possible... That's why you're staying aboard. I'm sorry, Will. My experience -- five years out there dealing with unknowns like this -- my familiarity with the Enterprise, this crew... Yes. You'll stay aboard as Executive Officer... a temporary grade reduction to Commander. I'm replacing you as Captain of the Enterprise. I'm taking over the Center seat. I'm sorry, Will. Viewer, standard ahead. Opinion, Mister. Spock? Transmit, Mr. Spock! Now! Mr. Spock? I stand corrected Mr. Decker. Navigator, lay in a conic section flight path into the cloud center; bring us parallel to whatever we find in there... Mr. Chekov, stand by on the phasers...! Time to impact...? And in you, too, Lieutenant. Our Exec and Science Officer... Welcome aboard, Lieutenant. That was the order, Mr. Sulu: Clear the bridge. Hold station...! Maneuvering thrusters, Mr. Sulu; ahead one third. Full sensor scan, Mr. Spock; they can't expect us not to look them over now! Viewer ahead. Hold relative position here... Adjust parallel course, Navigator. Bring us in to one hundred kilometers distance. Reduce magnification. Factor 4, Mr. Sulu. Mr. Sulu, steady as she goes. Ahead Warp One, Mr Sulu. Hold station. Maneuvering thrusters, Mister Sulu. I appreciate the welcome; I wish the circumstances were less critical. Epsilon Nine is monitoring the intruder; keep a channel open to them. Where is Captain Decker? Starfleet, boost your matter gain; we need more signal! Two and a half years as Chief of Starfleet Operations may have made me a little stale, Mr. Scott -- but I wouldn't exactly consider myself 'untried.' Mr. Scott, there's an alien object with unbelievable destructive power less than three days away from this planet... See that it is. Take me over, please. Why aren't the Enterprise transporters in operation, Mister Scott? ... and the 'foolish' emotions which drive us? Spock, we were its answer! There's no way to know. V'ger expected it to be a machine -- some single entity. All of us here may be reduced into patterns... V'ger plans to literally meld to reduce both itself and the Creator to patterns... The point... There is no alternative. Not for us? The orbiting devices would be controlled from the point, then...? Child...!? High mag, Mr. Sulu! What answers? What should you have known? Were you right? Spock? V'ger is a living machine...? If this is their ship's data banks, where is the crew? Or is their entire ship automated? Klingons... our Epsilon 9 station ... and Ilia!! They seem to be more than just images... And these 'sensor-swarms' collect that data, carry it here. Answers to what, Spock? Our dilemma -- or your personal one? Bridge, cancel rescue teams. Spock, what in the hell are you doing out here! Spock? Concerned about his chances? Ilia's memory, her feelings of loyalty, friendship, obedience... might all be there. They had a pattern to follow... Have you been able to analyze any of this...? Delay that order, Scotty...! Disengage all main drive systems! Get someone up here to take the Navigator's station...! Engineering... full emergency power! Transmit image of the Alien to Starfleet; advise we are attempting further communication. No vessel could generate a powerfield of this magnitude... Mr. Decker... ? But they understood our messages; they broke off the attack. Our... 'insignificance'? Any reply from them? Communicated with us how ? Mr. Decker, I will not provoke an attack, If that order isn't clear to you... Do not return scan, Mr. Spock! It may be misinterpreted as hostility! I know this has been painful, Spock. For me too. Thank you. Let it drop, Bones. You are my Science Officer -- I'll expect an immediate report on anything further you learn or sense from here on. And whatever you sensed out here.... Also -- there was nothing in your report about why you're here. You've reported that you felt strong thought emotions. A group of minds from a space vessel? Could you make out any plan, anything to do with Earth? I want him here. Sit down! Sit down, please. I intend to be there following that meeting. Report to me. One hour! Twelve! I'm on my way to a meeting with Admiral Nogura which will not last more than three minutes. Report to me on the Enterprise in one hour. Here at Starfleet...? The Enterprise is in final preparation to leave dock... Why aren't you on board? You've received your appointment as Enterprise Science Officer? Thank you, Scotty. Stand by. Engineering... Status, Mr. Scott? That object out there is less than two days from Earth, Mister Scott. We've got to intercept while it still is out there! Warp Drive as soon as possible, Mr. Scott. Engineer, we need Warp speed now!We're losing the pattern...! The crew hasn't had near enough transition time with all the new equipment. And the engines, Admiral: they've yet to be even tested at warp power. Add to that, an untried Captain... Admiral, the Enterprise has just finished eighteen months redesign- ing and refitting. She needs testing, a shakedown... We're hoping it's only a temporary problem, Admiral... Admiral, I've been hoping to see you. Maybe you can get through to those thick heads in Starfleet that...We're ready, sir. Aye, we understand that sir! We're doing our best. Captain, it was our anti-matter imbalance that created the wormhole in the first place. It will happen again if we don't correct it. Captain, we need further Warp simulation on the flow sensors...To you, sir? Which will require twenty more hours at minimum, Admiral... Captain Decker requested I complete final Science briefing here before... Based, I am told, on your recommendation, Admiral. Thank you.Jim... he wants it. That transmitter is a vital link between V'ger and the Creator. V'ger has begun to understand the true limits of our universe, thereby realizing the existence of other dimensions. To fulfill itself it must evolve to a higher dimension; V'ger believes this can be achieved only by joining with the Creator. A tractor beam... Then V'ger believes the Creator to be a machine too. Exactly. And you did have a 'relationship' with Lieutenant Ilia, Commander. We have just seen that its body duplicates our navigator in precise detail. Suppose that beneath its programming, the real Ilia's memory patterns are duplicated with equal precision. Captain... this probe may be a key a key to the Aliens. This served the purpose. That would presuppose a feeling, Commander... compassion. I sensed no emotion, only... ... pure logic. I prefer your poet Dante's phrase -- 'the divine restlessness of the human spirit.' Yes, Captain. It needed our mortality, the fear of it, our struggle against it, our fears, our dreams... That seems to be what it has planned -- to have the Creator physically present here. ... and then to reassemble itself combined with the Creator. The most certain way of obtaining all the Creator's answers. The point is, Captain, twenty-two Captain, the orbital device will not be triggered for twenty-two minutes... Has not, Doctor -- and now, because of what we are planning... will not... No, Captain, not for us... for V'ger. Precisely. Yes, Captain, a child: evolving into adulthood -- learning, searching -- instinctively needing. These read as identical composition... ... however, Captain, they measure several hundred times more powerful! 'Is this all I am? Is there not more?' No meaning... No hope... And, Jim, no answers...! Jim, it's looking for answers itself ! A life form of its own; a conscious, living entity. Captain, I do not believe there is a crew -- or that this is a vessel as such. Exact patterns. The energy bolt that hit them wasn't simply a weapon -- it dematerialized them, stored them. But why? New crystals: they must contain the most recent data obtained -- It would appear that the atomic arrays of these crystals store information. A remarkably efficient system. I am seeking answers, Captain. I am uneasy with that being our only hope of more information. ... they may have followed it too precisely. I believe the light flares to be energy fields -- undoubtedly part of the vessel's inner mechanism. A technology so incredibly sophisticated that I cannot -- We cannot break free, Captain. We do not have a fraction of the power necessary. Captain, we have been seized by a tractor beam...! That vessel is generating a forcefield measurably greater than the radiation of the Earth's sun. Instruments fluctuating, Captain. Patterns unrecognizable. Recommend we proceede, Captain. We are obviously confronted by a highly advanced mentality... yet they cannot understand who we are, or what we want. The 'puzzlement' I sensed was fleeting... minor... ... as if carrying a sense of our insignificance, Captain. It appears that our message has been understood, Captain. They have... they have been communicating with us. I sense ... puzzlement . Why have we not replied? Captain, I suspect there's an object at the heart of that cloud. Intruder scans emanate from the exact cloud center. Energy of a type entirely un- known to me. I have accepted service here as a Starfleet officer... sir. ... is my only hope of accomplishing what the Masters could not. I still contain fragments of my human half. That inquiry invades my personal life, Captain. Negative, Captain. I could sense only what seemed an almost omniscient pattern of perfect logic. I can explain nothing more; I understand nothing more. Sir, I would appreciate Dr. McCoy absenting himself from this interview. Reporting as ordered, Captain.Why don 't the Zulus attack? You afeared of the Zulus then, Quartermaster? Will we be fighting the Zulus soo~, Quartermaster? . From the Cook, Sir They saw me dip your shaving tin in the tea-water this morning, made their tea taste of Lifebuoy toilet soap, they saij Handing him the bottle of gin he purloined earlier. 2t Will you hear "Last Post", Sir?And the threat of counter invasion no longer exists? 40 I'm explaining my reasons. I have received intelligence from, sources of my own that the Zulu Impis are moving North of here and threaten your left. My Lord. This list was prepared for you. I don 't think another can understand its true value. I thought it might be more effective to find someone who speaks Zulu. Sikali Horse, My Lord. Christians alL I know each one by name. And I assure you, you do not In fact I'd be obliged for your best advice. What have your scouts seen? Lord Chelmsford seems to want me to stay back with my Basutos. Your orders, Mr Vereker? Good ones, yes, Mr Vereker. Gentlemen who can ride and shootRight. Bombardier, to me please. Well, my horses are feeding, as you may observe, Mr Coghill. It'll take a little while. Yes.