Yeah... How do you know it? OK. Mister Stansfield, Norman STANSFIELD. Huh? I see, but this is the FBI, little girl, and I can't let you in. But if you leave me his money, I'll give him it myself. Why do you want to know?Well, I don't need them... Why can't I have a bank account? Yeah... Well... I don't know.. I don't know any. No, no. No... Just to know... Because it's a long time I work... And I never did anything with my money... I should do something. Tell me... The money I earn and you keep for me... Dirty work, and I kill no women and no kids. Yes. ...Not at all. Yeah. Not at all, Mathilda! I tell you because it's true! You'll buy the globe you told me about and you will choose, OK? We'll go where you want! I swear, you'll see, Mathilda!! Mathilda, listen! Let me work. We'll get out, I tell you! Good! Snipers can't be in position. It will take them five minutes! How long ago did they arrive? Yeah, what? Nothing, for the moment. ...Yes. Three times, then two times. You... You knock the code, when you come back, OK? ...Yes. The day he got out of jail. I allowed him to make ten steps... No more. And bang. Two hundred meters. By telescope. That night, I left my country and came here, to join my father, who worked for Tony. ...I was 17. Then, I never left the city... And never had another girlfriend... ...I had a girlfriend... A long time ago. Before coming here, in my country. I was 14-year-old... We flirted like kids... Her father didn't want her to meet me. My family was not very respectable. Stop, Mathilda! Don't talk like that! ...Mathilda, I don't feel like talking about this. ...I don't know. ...No... I prefer waiting for a while... I feel it would go the wrong way. Well... I don't know, suddenly, the make up... All this... How are you? Are you OK? Poor darling, and then? I love you too, and I don't want to lose you. I'm here, I'll never leave you again, Mathilda, never. I swear. Yeah, I know! But for the moment you're not yet a woman. So, be patient... I need time... And you too. You have to grow up. No, excuse me... It's the yogurt that made me laugh. Mathilda... There's equally a lot of other things! ...You're young, Mathilda... You still have a chance to get out. You can't give up this chance. You have to protect it. There's a lot of things to do in life, a lot of other jobs... It's too big. Is there a normal 13 or 14 year old boy? You're darkening the picture, aren't you? ...I prefer apartments... Furthermore, there are always kids in a building. What about getting some friends? Yeah!... Anyway, I don't like hotels. Too much people, everyone's got the key... I don't like it. Mathilda, hadn't you told that bullshit to the receptionist, we'd still be in the hotel, I make you notice. ...Later. There are better things. You see the importance of the "moment". Ten minutes early or late, he'd have seen death. He'd have suffered it. This way, he already departed. Without knowing. ...Why didn't he close the window? Where are you going? I think. ...Shit!! We'd found him. We waited for him to get upstairs and he got out of the window. ...17. Mathilda?! Mathilda, don't resume, please. ....Change subject, OK? What? Stop. Everyone is looking. Mathilda, stop, please! It's true... But a first contract, it's an exception. OK... And if it's you who gets killed? ...Then? Talking about other people's death is easy, but what about yours? She's here! She moves around you, and can get you in a thousandth of second. Because it was your day, your hour, your second... I never rent my gear. Too heavy. Not taken. ...You can leave whenever you want. I don't refrain you. You see, five minutes ago you said you loved me and now you hate me... but I prefer this! No, you can't go out. No. Quick doesn't mean "ready". And you can't discuss, we said. Right? Mathilda? May I come in? How do you know it's love, if you've never been in love before?... It may be friendship... or the love you can have with a brother or a father... How can you know? I was nervous, that's all! Where is the guy? Come on, get down! Five minutes. Keep in front of the window. What? What's up? I don't feel you're concentrated. OK. Now, try a running guy. It's not serious, it's just training. You have to learn from the beginning to hit the target, then, to improve precision, you'll train, but on cardboards. Good! First shot! Perfect. Whoever. Yeah... Come on, have a little training. Rocket launcher. Well, if the guy is far, in a car, and I know weather is going to be bad, rain for example, I think I would plastic the car, with a remote here. I shoot from the distance and if I miss I plastic. Look. When you can see his fingers, it's 50 meters. When you just see his hands, it's about 80 meters. When you distinguish arms from body, it's 120-130. When you see nothing more than a shape, you don't shoot. Not very sure. You have one chance out of five to miss. A contract means getting all chances on your side. 5 out of 5. You can't miss a client. Never... If the task is delicate or the risk is too big, you double. That is, you insure yourself by another means. 130... 140... Here, this is the light scoop for night shooting. There, you fix client's distance... How much to the bench down there in the park? Good.Don't fear. ...One second. ...Yes? Huh? Move back, baby, I can't see anything. Huh! You made an error, baby. I don't know any Danielle. Yes?Huh? Huh, that's good! Yeah, true. But what does your father exactly do for living? Huh? That's smart! I see. You're good, because I didn't hear anything. How are you, Miss?Salute. ...Yeah. I think I will get back in Messina this summer... It's too long I haven't been there. No... Yes... Twice. No... Dino's. Yeah... And still in Messina. He's my uncle. Giancarlo... Rinaldi. I know... But I'm a little pressed. Yeah, but I don't give a shit about. I trade at left, at right and that's dangerous in there... Messina.May we have this wolf's name and address? Do you recognize him? I respect your business, Mister Tony. Every time we asked your help, we were very happy with the result. It's right this that makes me nervous, now. I hope you'll excuse my temporary bad mood?Huh... Yeah, yeah... Of course. ...OK... Good. Ten dollars... A month. Because you have to pay. It's like a parking meter: if you stay, you pay. It's the rule... You can't sit here like that.Take them, you never know... If you want to have some fun. Take, it's a gift. Take... I'll explain you, Leon: they'll ask you to fill in a lot of forms and you can't write and they'll ask you your job, your employer's name and you can't tell them: My job, I'm a hitman and my employer is Tony, his record is longer than his resturant's menu. That's why you can't have a bank account! Listen, think about what you want to do, but don't worry, your money is there and it's safer than in a bank... Banks are robbed every five minutes! Pay attention to women, Leon. They are dangerous, you know? Do you need money? That's what I later told myself! No, Tony, forget Leon! It can't be him, he likes too much his job to make such a slaughter! At a certain moment I thought: maybe Leon would like working on his own? So he makes some little extras? It's better... You see, it's my turf, so I don't want contracts I'm not informed about, on my turf. I'm not opposing, but the least they can do is informing me, isn't it? Huh!? Because of the slaughter at your same floor? ...You moved too, didn't you? Salute. You're right, son. You must care the links with your family, always. It's the only important thing in the world. It's a specialty down there. It's a fishing boat with, in front, a long pole near the surface. Then, near the cabin, a very tall mast with a little cabin for the lookout. Did you fish in Messina? The "pesce spada"? Have you ever been in Messina, son? Huh? Are you Alfredo's son, then? Is he still alive? ...Who sent you? It's a little out of the world coming to visit me this way, on mid afternoon. It really isn't the usual procedure... But... He works for your same employer? Emilio? Due grappe! ...Why the hell did you come here? Rinaldi... Rinaldi... What region do you come from? These guys have no place. They change virtually everyday. And his name... It's a surname. Listen, son, you know as well as me this kind of hitmen: they come from nowhere, get the contract and disappear. They're lonely, worse than wolves. ...Even his mother wouldn't. Then... You'd better talk good, son, because, for the moment, I've got a quite bad opinion about you. Norman smiles.WE CAN'T BREAK FREE! Billy, that's BRILLIANT! He's on us!! We've got him locked!Zordon... he's gone. Rangers... I'm afraid you're too late. Ay, yi, yi, yi. The legend speaks of a Master Warrior who lives on the planet Phaedos... This is the only person who knows the secrets of the power. It's far too dangerous. Zordon would never allow it. ... Perhaps there is a way... I have heard tales of another power. Ay, yi, yi! The Rangers are going to be CRUSHED! By bouncing ultra-high frequencies off one of the network satellites, I can send a long-range pulsar signal to within TWO FEET of the Rangers coordinates. I told them it was too dangerous, but they wouldn't listen. Hey, NOBODY enters the Command Center without a power coin! To assist you I have retro-fitted your helmets with new Opti-Scan devices. In a place that came to be known as Angel Grove.IMPACT IN EIGHT SECONDS! We get Ivan into the Comets PATH-- It's passing over earth as we speak! Trajectory coordinates are 009843. Wait a second... What time is it? Speed? SYSTEM MALFUNCTION! I've got it! We use the mirrors to reflect the light back into itself!! There should be a way to open it. I can hardly walk... Outside of his time warp he's aging at a vastly acellerated rate! I'll be at the Observatory Sunday. What's a Triac? I see... a fox Where did it originate? All systems go! NINJA WOLF ZORD! Of course! The power is of another world. Another dimension. I am the wolf, cunning and swift! I think so. TRICERATOPS! 009843... 42... 41! WE'RE IN ALIGNMENT! THREE DEGREES OFF THE COMETS TRAJECTORY! Ryan's Comet!! OUR MORPHERS ARE ON LINE! ... Nothing. That's the only way to the Monolith... FOUR SECONDS TO IMPACT! IMPACT IN FIFTEEN SECONDS! LET'S FLY! Let's go after him!! ... Not bad.SKULL!! There goes the neighborhood. If we told you -- we'd have to kill you. Here you go! No pushing! A stellar idea, Skull. The earth was hurtling toward us at seven hundred miles per hour, and we knew at that moment that we were facing death straight in the eye. Be the eagle. Be the eagle. The Stealth Eagle is about to fly.SECOND COUSIN, THREE TIMES REMOVED. NOW GET OFF ME! GET OFF ME! I'm outta here. Did I say anything? How about Major Moron? Hey, boss! We never liked the cheesedongs in the first place. GO IVAN!! You forgot to say 'Simon says." Quack like a'duck! But boss, what about their parents? No offense, boss, but they might find you a little disgusting. You want me to place a few calls?THE BOYS ARE BACK IN TOWN!!! What! Simon says... Ah, the old and doddering. I'm going to SCOURGE their puny minds, reducing them to ZOMBIE'S. And then I'll put them to work rebuilding my empire. Yes, well, I suppose you'd know a little something about that. Not to worry. I'll ever so gently lure them in and mold them into an army of devils! And what better way to entice them ... than with a little Ivan's Ooze?! Taking over the world is one thing. It's finding good help to run it for you that's the killer. Feast your eyes upon the exoskeleton of the barbaric HORNITOR! KEEP DIGGING. THE DREADFUL SCORPITRON SHOULD BE CLOSE BY. ONCE I HAVE MY ECTO-MORPHICON MACHINES UP AND RUNNING, I SHALL ANNIHILATE ANGEL GROVE... AND THEN... THE WORLD Dulcea! That miserable, manipulating loathsome she-devil of a WITCH!! Did these sticks make a whistling sound? What do you mean "basically"? So they've been destroyed? Mordant, go with them and report back to me!THERE'S THE COMET! GIVE IT EVERYTHING WE'VE GOT! Two thirty three a.m. NEW POWER COINS!! Release the power with the power. We can take these guys! NINJA APE ZORD! THREE SECONDS!! I am the mighty ape! Strength in numbers!! What's going on?! Activating Power Scope!BULK!! A real shame. Uh... that's classified, top secret, confidential, undercover information. There's enough for everybody! Bulk... why don't we give Mr. Peep here a chance to think it over? We could smell it's breath. Be the swallow. Be the swallow... Ditto for the Swooping Swallow.Everybody hold on tight. We're gonna send this sucker into OBLIVION! Release the power WITH the power. Thank you, Dulcea. For everything. Let's teach these vermin a few manners. WHITE TIGER! ... Let's take a look over there. WE'RE OUTTA HERE! WE HAVE TO GET OUT OF HERE!! I'm in! Ultra Ninja Megazord complete! Listen, we appreciate your hospitality, but we really don't have much time. And how do we release the power? ... A falcon? It's... an eagle? And how do we do that? NINJA FALCON ZORD! LET'S DO IT!? And I am the Falcon, Winged Lord of the Sky! Six become one... the combined forces of the Ninjetti. How the heck?!... Anybody see them?That was a CHEAP shot! GO POWER RANGERS! Isn't this just TYPICAL! We finally do somebody a good turn and just look what happens! How dare you?! Nobody shuts up Rita but me! Don't you ever have anything nice to say?!Don't lose hope yet, Alpha! ... I just pray we're not too late. ... We must try to communicate with them. ... Alpha, I am deeply concerned about the Rangers... Alpha, my sensors tell me the Rangers were too late! Ivan is on his way here! Use extreme caution, Rangers. You are dealing with an evil here that is beyond ALL comprehension. The chamber has been accidently UNCOVERED! You must return it to the depths. or anyone should open it and Ivan is released!Bring her home... I guess. Is MOM... in there? That's right up the street! Come on! Just in case! You don't think... Mother? It's the influence of all those family films. Right, Mom? Hey, Mom??... What happened? Bye, bird-brain. See ya, Scotty. Mom, Mr. Stubbins is a nimrod! Hi, Mom. The "Citizen Kane" of gore movies. If Mom's a psycho, Scotty will still be ok, won't he? DAD! YOU DON'T THINK SHE DID IT??! How about Mrs. Ackerman? We both hate her! Should she be the next victim? It's a cool idea, Misty! Let's make a gore movie about Mom! Better yet, a TV series! MURDERED?!! Well... he was an asshole... but he didn't deserve to die! I can't believe Mr. Stubbins is dead. Jeeezzz! Here we go again. I wouldn't give ya a nickel. "Serial Mom"? WOW! Carl's a jerk! Is there a killer loose? Aw, Mom! I hate Mr. Stubbins! You'd probably date him! He's cu-uuute! Hey, Dad, did you ever see "Henry, Portrait of a Serial Killer?" Always the dentist. You see the sign! It's a dollar fine for not rewinding and this time I'm gonna charge you! $2.99 plus one dollar is $3.99! Because it's the rules! Mrs. Jensen, I've told you. You have to rewind the tapes before returning them! Sure do. Did you bring back "Ghost Dad"? Sorry, ma'am. Get in, Mom! I have to open. In here, Mom... Tell me the truth, Mom! It's ok with me, really! Are you a serial killer? You scared me. God, Mom! What's the matter? I'm so happy I could shit. Looks good, Mom! Oh Mom... But Mom, the video's not over. Let me see! Thanks, Mom. She sure can pick 'em! TV, man! Farrah Fawcett's interested in playing my mother! I'm sorry he's dead, but... have you signed off yet? That's cool... hey look, you're Carl's brother, right? Hold on... Yeah I am, but you'll have to speak to my agent...No comment! He certainly drives like a jerk. I'm Dr. Eugene Sutphin. What's the trouble, officer? Well, your mother's going to PTA today. We'll see what your teacher has to say. I certainly did not. Just a little, please. Bad for the teeth. We hope so, son. And no matter what your mother is, we'll love her anyway. Bird books mostly... What is it, officers? My patient is waiting. Surely you don't think Beverly was involved! Detectives, what is this about? MISTY SUTPHIN, GET IN THIS CAR!! Home Sweet Home! Everything's fine, kids! BOTH OF YOU! GET IN THE CAR! Misty, that's a terrible thing to say! Detectives, it's time for you to leave. My wife knows nothing about this terrible... accident. Doesn't threaten me, honey. I'm happy. And all that gore better hadn't be interfering with your schoolwork. Leave her alone, Chip. I think it's great she has a new beau, Beverly. Beverly, I've been reading all about it... is it menopause? Beverly! Not the Sterners! Let's say grace and pray that we have the strength to understand the terrible tragedies of the last few days. I'm sorry, honey. But the birds will still be there next week. Well, honey, chickadees breed in Alaska, you know. No wonder Dede's hungry. It's a long trip all the way to Baltimore. Ooh, honey, I'm ready! Now! Now! You're hot tonight, honey... but be quiet! Shhhh! The kids! Don't wake the kids... Shhhh.. You bring me such peace... I love that you're my wife. It's fine with me, Beverly. You want to, honey? You think the kids are asleep? I just thought with all the sadness... you wouldn't want... Goodnight, honey. I can't stop thinking about that poor teacher. Goodnight, honey. Don't read late, we've got a big day with the birds tomorrow. Nothing like a home cooked meal, honey. Hey, I'm late for work. Bye, honey. No woman would! Sorry, son. This is a matter for adults. Nice?! He should have been executed! Look at this! "Hillside Strangler gets his college degree in prison!"GODDAMN YOU! THAT'S TRESPASSING! "P" as in... Did you drive your car to the PTA meeting yesterday, Mrs. Sutphin? Contusions... fractures... rupture of numerous vital organs... Sorry, ma'am. We're investigating obscene phone calls and mail threats to a certain Mrs. Dottie Hinkle.Suspect's family is headed east on Calverton.... Dr. Sutphin is your wife a big reader? I know this sounds weird, Mr. Sutphin, but the Department of Motor Vehicle's computer shows only one blue station wagon registered to a parent of any of Mr. Stubbins' pupils.Ooohhhhhh! I made it all up! I never saw Beverly Sutphin in my life! I... I'm not sure... ...I... oohhh... Excuse me... Yes, I was. Marvin A. Pickles.Objection! Argumentative! Who's voice was it, Dottie? Did you recognize the voice of the caller? Mrs. Hinkle, did you ever receive obscene telephone calls? You'll pay for this, Marvin A. Pickles! I'm turning your file over to the vice-squad!! The prosecution rests, your honor. What do you mean, you're not sure?! Mr. Pickle! Did you see anybody in the booth next to you? Were you in the men's room at the Edmonson Drive In Flea Market on Saturday, September 19th? State your name, please.What is it, Betty? What's he know? I didn't hear anything. Got any dessert?Well, you're doing something wrong, Mrs. Sutphin. I'd recommend therapy for your son. Thank you for taking the time to come to PTA. Divorce? An alcoholic relative? Tell me, did Chip torture animals when he was young? That's no excuse for a morbid imagination. I caught him drawing this in class last week. Is there a problem at home? His unhealthy obsession with sick horror films. There is one big problem though. Chip is off to a fine start this year. Focused... conscientious... participates actively in classroom discussion. Oooohh! A fruit cake. Thank you, Mrs. Sutphin. Have a seat. Mrs. Sutphin, I'm Paul Stubbins, Chip's math teacher. Mrs... Sutphin?Now, here's a babe! SHE DID IT! Aimed the car right at Mr. Stubbins and mowed him down! Are we leaving? Man, that one made me puke! Excuse me, Mrs. Sutphin.Nice one, huh? Winter's coming. Three dollars?... I guess that's what I marked it... That's a Franklin Mint piece. Eight dollars. Yes, ma'am, it is.Farrah Fawcett?! Who's gonna play my brother? Is Jason Priestly available? You mean for TV or print? That's right. Your mom killed my brother! Are you Chip Sutphin?Twelve years, sir. Captain=8A Captain. Perhaps you have forgotten that tomorrow is the christening ceremony. Actually, Captain, your precise target area was thirty-five meters that way.Approximately forty-seven minutes, sir. Sorry, sir. There is too much interference in the planet's ionosphere for an accurate reading. "Lifeforms tiny little lifeforms. Where are the lifeforms-" Approximately two hundred thirty million. Veridian III is uninhabited, but Veridian IV supports a pre-industrial humanoid society. It should be noted, sir, that the collapse of the Veridian star would produce a shock wave similar to the one we observed at Amargosa. Yes, sir. There are two in the Veridian system. I believe so. I believe so. This is its current position. The destruction of the Amargosa star has altered the gravitational forces throughout the sector. Any ship passing through this region will have to make a minor course correction. According to our current information, the destruction of the Amargosa star has had the following effects in this sector: gamma emissions have increased by .05 percent, the starship Bozeman was forced to make a course correction, a research project on Gorik IV was halted due to increased neutrino particles, ambient magnetic fields have decreased by- Guilt. It is a most unpleasant feeling. But I did not deal with it, sir. I let it prevent me from helping my friend. Does that make me a coward? I wanted to save Geordi. I tried. But I experienced something I did not expect. I believe it was fear. No, sir. I am finding it difficult to concentrate. I believe I am overwhelmed with feelings of remorse and regret concerning my actions on the observatory. It will take a few moments for the computer to compile the information. The star's destruction has had numerous astro-physical effects within this sector. However, none of them appear to have a connection to the energy ribbon. Sorry, Captain. The ribbon has already entered the galaxy. It will pass through this sector in approximately thirty-one hours. According to our information, the ribbon is a conflux of temporal energy which travels through our galaxy every 39.1 years One minute to warp core breach. I believe the emotional chip has overloaded my positronic relays. I am sorry, but I cannot stop myself. I think something is wrong It appears to be a magnetically sealed. I know. I just got it. It was very funny. During the Farpoint mission. We were on the Bridge and you told a joke. That was the punchline. I get it. I get it. I am uncertain. I have had little experience with emotions. I am unable to articulate the sensation. I believe the beverage has provoked an emotional response. Agreed. That is true. However, I believe my growth as an artificial lifeform has reached an impasse. For thirty-four years I have endeavored to become more "human"- to grow beyond my original programming. And yet I am still unable to grasp such a simple concept as humor. This emotion chip is the only answer. It has occurred to me on several occasions. But I believe this may be the appropriate time. I was attempting to get in the spirit of things. I thought it would be humorous. Is she still angry? I have rerouted auxiliary power to the lateral thrusters- attempting to level our descent. Perhaps. Yes! If we sent a low-level ionic pulse, it might reset the coil and engage the cloaking systems. I hope so, sir. I am quite...preoccupied with concern about Geordi. Sensors show five life signs aboard the station, Captain.You did it, Kirk! Damage report, Ensign. I'll go. You have the Bridge. Beam them directly to Sickbay. On screen. Signal the closest starship. We're in no condition to mount a rescue. We don't even have a full crew aboard. Can you locate them? What about the gravimetric distortions? They'll tear us apart. It won't be installed until Tuesday. Ensign Sulu, try generating a subspace field around the ships. That might break them free. We don't have a tractor beam. Please, I insist. Prepare to leave spacedock. Aft thrusters ahead one quarter, port and starboard at station keeping. Captain Kirk, I'd be honored if you would give the order to get underway. Excuse me, gentlemen, if you'll take your seats. Please, please. I'm Captain John Harriman. I'd like to welcome you all aboard.Yes, well, congratulations, Ensign. It wouldn't be the Enterprise without a Sulu at the helm. But that wasn't so long ago. It couldn't have been more than... I don't want to hear anymore about it. I'm not going, and that's final. Tomorrow I want to make a tri-elliptical jump. That's where you jump out over Northern China and make three complete orbits before you start re-entry. Thanks for pointing that out. Risk is part of the game if you want to sit in that chair. You left spacedock without a tractor beam? No, no. Thank you. Oh, of course. Well, may we have a look around? It's our pleasure. Least I could do for a captain of the Enterprise. Did we do it? Did we make a difference? Of course, if Spock were here, he'd say I was being an irrational, illogical human for wanting to go on a mission like that. I take it the odds are against us and the situation is grim? How can I argue with the captain of the Enterprise? What was the name of that planet=8A Veridian III? Close to retirement? Captain of the Enterprise, huh? She's not real either, is she? Nothing here is. Nothing here matters. This is my uncle's barn in Iowa. No, no, it's not. It's better. I don't need to be lectured by you. I was out saving the galaxy when your grandfather was still in diapers. And frankly, I think the galaxy owes me one I was like you once- so worried about duty and obligations that I couldn't see anything past this uniform. And in the end, what did it get me? Nothing. Not this time. You said history considers me dead. Who am I to argue with history? Temporal nexus, yeah, I heard you. Something's missing. So you're telling me this is the 24th-century, and I'm dead? This clock, I gave this clock to Bones. Beautiful day, isn't it? Kirk here. Keep her together until I get back. Where are the deflector relays? Load torpedo bays, prepare to fire on my command. A photon torpedo? I thought you might. The first thing you learn as captain is how to cheat death. Scotty? Phasing? To where? Sulu. When did he find the time for a family? You know, Scotty, it amazes me. When I retired, I swore I'd never set foot on a starship again, and I meant it. I'm not going Scotty, help me with this chute. OhThat's it, Bridge- we're all out! We better get you back to the ship La Forge to Enterprise. Data, are you all right? Data, this isn't the time. I don't see a control panel, or an access port. Thanks. The Farpoint mission? Data, that was seven years ago. What? You get what? Really? What do you feel? Well? But at the first sign of trouble, I'm going to deactivate it. Agreed? Wait a minute. I thought you've always been afraid it would overload your neural net. Data, you're not thinking about using that thing are you? No, but I'd stay out of Sickbay for a while if I were you. I still don't know why you dropped her in the water. I told you everything. You might as well just kill me right now. No, I didn't know that. Yeah, they're full of great ideas. Guinan? I don't know what you're talking about. No. I was ordered to by the Captain. What do you want? What's normal?Target their Bridge. Where is he now? He is. It's working. We'll consider it a prisoner exchange. HoS qorDu.I have to find a way to get to Soran. Commander. Population? Are any of them inhabited? And destroy every planet in the system. That's where he's going. He can't go to the ribbon, so he's trying to make the ribbon come to him. Data, is it going to pass near any M-Class planets? Now, you said the gravitational forces in this sector have been altered, could that also affect the course of the ribbon? Courage is an emotion too, Data. Now, can you project the course of the ribbon? Can you project its course? Wait. The Bozeman,why did it change course? No. And what you must try to avoid is becoming consumed by another emotion which I believe you're beginning to experience: guilt. Fear is a very difficult emotion to overcome. It's something we all have to learn to deal with. What do you mean? Data, are you all right? Give me a list of those effects. I want to know every single thing which has been altered or changed, no matter how insignificant. Guinan said Soran was trying to get back to the ribbon. If that's true, then there must be some connection with the Amargosa star. Data? When is it expected back? You're right. I'll need help. Guinan, will you come back with me? Together, we could- I know exactly where I want to go, and when. Back to that mountaintop on Veridian III, before Soran put out the star. I have to stop him. I don't understand. Can I? Guinan, can I leave the Nexus? These are my children...my children. Where is he now? Soran? Left behind? Guinan, what are you doing here? I thought you were on the Enterprise. But I never had a wife, children, a home like this. This is the Nexus? Guinan, what's going on? Where am I? But why destroy a star? Thank you, Guinan. Your "sixth sense"- I've always wondered where it came from. And what about Soran? What happened to you? What's the "Nexus"? Guinan. It's important that you tell me what you know. We think Soran's developed a weapon...a terrible weapon. It might give him enough power to- Do you remember him? Yes. Thank you. I'll find a way to contact the Enterprise. You're going to be all right. You could say that. That's right. I hadn't planned on it. That's right. Antonia? Better? You're a Starfleet officer and you have a duty to- Not exactly. As I said, this is some kind of- I'm from what you would consider the future; the 24th-century. Yes, yes, it is. You may still. Somehow I doubt this will be the last ship to carry the name Enterprise. Too big. How long until the ribbon arrives? They're just trying to decide whether a twenty year-old Klingon Bird of Prey is any match for the Federation flagship. How is that possible? Report. No. Thank you. Understood. That will be all. Thank you, Number One. Is there a problem? Hmm, Inform Starfleet Command. This could indicate a new Romulan threat in this sector. There's still no indication of why they attacked the station? Make it so. Imagine what it was like, Will. No engines, no computers, just the wind, the sea and the stars to guide you. Well, now that we're all aboard=8A Number One, bring the ship before the wind. Let's see what's out there. Don't you think you're taking this a little too far, Number One? Mr. Data, scan the planet for lifeforms. My brother had shouldered that burden, allowing me to pursue my own selfish needs. Ever since I was a little boy, I remember hearing about the family line. The Picards that fought at Trafalgar, the Picards that settled the first Martian colony. When my brother married and had a son... In a way, he was as close as I ever came to having a child of my own. What I can't get out of my mind is the image of Rene- my nephew. I just can't believe he's gone. All right, all right. You've made your point. Well, with all due respect to your Betazoid senses, I prefer to be alone right now. As ship's counselor, it's your duty to know not only when you're needed but also when you're not. Well, I appreciate your concern, but I'd rather not discuss it right now, thank you. Counselor. What can I do for you? Yes. Fine. If you'll excuse me. Thank you. The Nexus. We're all mortal, Soran. It's one of the truths of ou existence. Not if it means killing over two hundred million people. I wonder, did your wife Leandra know that she married a man who was capable of mass murder? The thought had crossed my mind. We're doing the best we can. Now if you'll excuse me... Doctor, we're still conducting an investigation into the attack. Once we've completed our work, we'll be happy to allow you and your fellow scientists back aboard the observatory. Until then- Nothing for me. I understand there's something urgent you need to discuss with me. Doctor Soran?All hands, brace for impact! Could we access the defective coil and trigger their cloak? We all are, Data. But we're going to get him back. Looks like you're stuck with emotions for a while. How do you feel? The station complement was nineteen. I always thought I'd have a crack at this chair one day. That's a pretty big margin of error. Maybe they're not out there. A quantum implosion has occurred within the Amargosa star. All nuclearfusion is breaking down. Sir, is there anything wrong? There is something else, Captain. One of the scientists, a Doctor Soran,has insisted on speaking with you. I told him you were busy, sir, but he said it was absolutely imperative that he speak with you right away. No, sir. You want me to contact Starfleet? We think they were looking for something- they practically tore the place apart. Sir? Bad food, brutal discipline. No women. Aye, aye, sir. Take the wheel, Commander. When we went to ancient Rome for Deanna's promotion, we threw her to the lions, remember? We're only going to get one shot at this. Target their primary reactor. With any luck, their warp core should implode. Worf, prepare a spread of photon torpedoes. We'll have to hit them the instant they begin to cloak. Right. And they'll be vulnerable for at least two seconds. Data,lock onto that plasma coil. Plasma coils...is there any way we can use that to our advantage? Lock phasers and return fire! Lursa and B'Etor? This doesn't make any sense. A renowned stellar physicist somehow uses a trilithium probe to destroy a star, kidnaps Geordi and escapes with a pair of Klingon renegades. Why? What the hell's going on? The star's going to collapse in a matter of minutes. Have Geordi and Data go over with the next Away Team. Tell them to scan the observatory for trilithium. Why were they looking for it on a Federation observatory? It doesn't make any sense. Trilithium? Well, that narrows it to Klingon, Breen or Romulan. It looks like we're too late. You see the top yardarm, now look to the-Captain, I don't know how much longer I can hold her together! I always do. Captain, it may be possible to simulate a torpedo blast using a resonance burst from the main deflector dish. Aye. An anti-matter discharge directly ahead=8A it might disrupt the field long enough for us to break away. But I do have a theory... There's just no way to disrupt a gravimetric field of this magnitude! Their life signs are are phasing in and out of our space-time continuum. It's like you always said- if something's important enough, you make the time. And what would that be, sir? What do you mean, you're not going? We promised. I've warned ye about that back of yours. You should have a doctor take a look at it.We learn something new about ourselves every day. Now. Maybe I didn't make myself clear. It is very important that you tell me exactly what Captain Picard knows. I just stopped your heart for five seconds. It felt like an eternity, didn't it? Did you know that you can stop the human heart for up to ten minutes before the onset of brain damage? Oh, I forgot to tell you. While you were unconscious, I injected a nano-probe into your bloodstream. It's been navigating your cardiovascular system, and right now I've attached it to your left ventricle. A little trick I picked up from the Borg. What about Guinan? What has she told you about me? Let's try to move beyond the usual prisoner-interrogator banter, shall we? You have information and I need it. Did the Captain explain his orders to you? Did he say why you were searching for trilithium? I don't want a science lecture. You were on that observatory looking for trilithium. Why? Normal is what everyone else is, and what you are not. A remarkable piece of equipment, but a little inelegant, wouldn't you say? Have you ever considered a prosthesis that would make you look a little more...normal? Careful, Captain. That's a fifty gigawatt forcefield. I wouldn't want to see you get hurt. Time has no meaning there. The predator has no teeth. What if I told you I found a new truth? I've spent eighty years looking for another way, Captain. This is the only one. Of course, you could always come with me. You fancy yourself an explorer. Here's a chance to explore something no human has ever experienced. The only possible reason you're here is because you're not entirely confident you can shoot down my probe after all. So you've come to dissuade me from my horrific plan. Good luck. You must think I'm quite the madman. The timing is very important on my experiment- if it is not completed within the next twelve hours, years of research will be lost. Yes. I need to return to the observatory immediately. I must continue a critical experiment I was running on the Amargosa star. Yes, yes, Captain. Thank you for coming.Or perhaps they're on the surface. There's nothing selfish about pursuing your own life, your own career. You felt it was no longer your responsibility to carry on the family line. Your family history is very important to you, isn't it? It's only natural to feel a heightened sense of tragedy when a child dies. But it goes deeper than that, doesn't it? I can sense that Rene meant a great deal to you. Captain, Im sorry. I know there were a lot of unresolved conflicts between you and your brother. Very well. I suppose I could make out my weekly report to Starfleet Command without your input. "Admiral Lusby, regarding the unusual behavior of Jean-Luc Picard: I find him increasingly irritable, remote and uncooperative. I recommend forced shore leave at a Starbase facility in order to-" You can't fool an empath, Captain. I know exactly when I'm needed. I'm afraid I can't just leave it at that. The commanding officer of this ship is clearly distraught about something. As ship's counselor, it's my duty to- Actually, I'm here to see if there's anything I can do for you. Captain, are you all right?Aye, sir. As their cloak begins to engage, their shields will drop. I do not see how. The plasma coil is part of their cloaking device. It is a Class D-12 Bird of Prey. They were retired from service because of defective plasma coils. They have found a way to penetrate our shields. I have spoken to the Klingon High Council, sir. They identified the Bird of Prey as belonging to the Duras sisters. Sensor records show a solar probe was launched from the observatory a few moments ago. Aye, sir. An experimental compound the Romulans have been working on. In theory, a trilithium-based explosive would be thousands of times more powerful than an anti-matter weapon. But they never found a way to stabilize it. One of the dead Romulans had a tricorder. We analyzed its sensor logs and found they were scanning for signature particles of a compound called trilithium. These blast patterns are consistent with Type III disruptors. There are no other ships in the system. The royal...studs?I don't follow. I don't know. A couple months. Why? We'll work something out. I'm sure you'll be happy with it. I know. We asked him to keep it kind of surprise until we talked. Look, how about we get in touch your agent. You still with Jerry? Sweetie, you've got lots of fans, we've done market studies. You rate right up there. We've already got Chase working on a prototype for the glove. I'm sure we can match any offer. Come on. Kids love horror. So? Sort of a trial balloon. He's not showing it until it's down. But it sounds hot, and we wanted to get all our stars lined up in case it is. You and Robert got great ratings today. Which is the first thing we needed to know. He's excited about the script. You should be too. It stars you. He's very excited about it. Believe it or not, he told me I hadn't heard from him in ten years because he hasn't had any good nightmare. They're his inspiration. But now he's got a new script in the works. We did. Bad mistake. The fans are clamoring for more. So, Evil never dies, right? Anyway, a while back we got a call from Wes. He's got this idea. And who better to resurrect Freddy than his creator?I'll be there in three hours. Forget those two clowns, Heather. Answer me, did you get another call from that guy or not? Heather, has there been another call? Like what? What? What kind of episode? Heather, I'm stuck here. Neither Chuck or Terry came in today. I can't get away! What's up? Heather? 48 hours. Back before you know it. I should survive two days in Palmdale supplying soap bubbles for a detergent commercial, don't you think? You probably were half awake and saw me get nicked by that picture glass. Dreams work like that. You want me not to go on this job? Maybe you should tell me your dream. Okay, but it still doesn't mean it can't be over with. You've got to get back on the horse some time. Look, you've had a nutcase making harassing phone calls. I know how scary that feels. Hasn't been another call, has there? Anything other than the obvious bothering you? You get any sleep last night? I'm sorry. At least we're in on piece. Just an earthquake, Dylan. Every once in a while we get a few. Might as well be, Dylan. State of the art animatronics enhanced with bio- organic grafting. Bull tendons, nerve bundles from a Doberman, even half the brain of a homicidal primate was...What? No way he's going anywhere. He's been well sedated. Very well. As soon as we gather the appropriate papers... Just a quick word, Ms. Langenkamp. For Dylan's sake. He was here. You fell asleep. We took him. You looked so exhausted, frankly, we didn't wake you. Besides, the young woman, Julie, is with him. Believe me, everything is fine. Ms. Langenkamp. I suggest you go home and get some rest. Your son is fine. He's been taken downstairs for further testing. Get her back! I've got to go in! Get me a full anesthetic, STAT! These look quite fresh. If these had been a few inches nearer to the wrist... What did you say you cut yourself on? Dylan? He's holding well. Earlier he had some problems, he's in an oxygen tent just now... Ms. Langenkamp. I'm afraid there are no evening visiting hours in Intensive Care. Sometimes what a child says or fantasizes will give a clue to what ails him. Did he say anything while he was still lucid? Absolutely. Was there any trigger event? A trauma, shock or... You haven't shown him any of the films you make, have you? The horror stuff? Diabetes? Any history of epilepsy in your family?Read me some? A story? Here. Coming for you... Hurry back, please. I'm sleepy. Right 'cross the freeway. Can we go get Rex, now? The bad man's getting awful close. Home. Can you come with me in my dreams? Why does God let there be bad things? Do you have to die to see God? Trying to get up...trying to get into our world. Under my covers. Kids singing, and way down there, the man...the mean man... In my bed. I can't sleep there, Mommy. Please! Not sleepy. Rex woke me up. He was fighting. He can follow the breadcrumbs, right? Don't let the bedbugs bite. The mean old man with the claws. "Then their father covered them with kisses and they were safe." No. Tonight. It's important! Say how they find their way back home. I like this story. Finish, please! Rex saved me. Bye. Someone's coming. You going away? no.No, you don't, ma'am, it's not necessary. I'm afraid there was an accident. It appears he fell asleep while driving, ma'am. Is Chase Porter your husband? Heather Langenkamp?Maybe we should ask him, hmmm? We've got a surprised, Heather. A great big surprise for you and our audience. And how about your co-star in NIGHTMARE I. Would you trust him alone with your child? Do you let your child watch your movies? Now that you have a child, is it possible you've decided horror is bad for children?Yeah, sure. What are you talking about? Holy... You're right. That sounds crazy! You got it. What's happening? John Saxon. Do you have any idea what time it is? Absolutely. And how many times has Letterman called the cops thinking that woman was down in his kitchen again? It gets under your skin if you let it. Six weeks of this, and you're surprised you've got Freddy in your dreams? Hell, Sonny Bono says after a while he was seeing his stalker everywhere. Even at Mass. Steady... Kids know when something's bugging a parent. You've got no idea who this is calling? Really? Hell, if having a screwy family made you crazy, the world'd be one colossal nuthouse. Seemed, not was. You didn't jump in. You're not crazy, by the way. When it is denial. I don't think that's the case here, but if you're really worried, have a doctor check him out. You'll see, everything's fine. Quake knocked you off your feet. You got bumped pretty good, actually.Listen, dammit. You're kidding, right? The car's no there yet? Studio B.The way he's writing is so weird, who knows? I asked him how far he'd gotten at the funeral, and what was it he said...? Oh yeah, as far as Dylan trying to reach God. Weird, huh, that he'd have your kid in it? Wes won't show it until it's finished. That's what he told me, at least. I asked him at the funeral. Call it a guess... Darker. More...evil? Must've read about the funeral. Sick mother. That's the last thing you need right now, I'm sure. Heather? You doing okay? Just because it's a love story doesn't mean it can't have a decapitation or two. Everything went great, I thought. We really got you, didn't we? You okay?Whether or not you're willing to play Nancy one last time. The way to stop him is to make another movie. And I swear to you I'll stay at my computer and keep writing until I finish the script. But when that time comes... You're gonna have to make a choice. Heather, it's just a movie, a dream, really... But it was you that gave Nancy her strength. So to get out he has to come through you. And it's inevitable that he'll hit you at your most vulnerable points... Dramatically speaking it makes perfect sense. You played Nancy, after all, the first to humiliate and defeat him. Interestingly enough, in the dreams there is one person. A gatekeeper, so to speak. Someone Freddy's got to get by before he can enter our world. It's you, Heather. Well, see, he's gotten used to being Freddy now. And kinda likes it here in our time and space, too. So...he's trying to cross over, from film into our reality. That's not what the dreams say he's doing. Current version. For ten years he's been imprisoned as Freddy by the story of Nightmare on Elm Street. But now that the films have stopped- The genie's out of the bottle, Heather, that's what the nightmares are about. That's what I'm writing. Exactly. The problem comes when the story dies. It happens a lot of different ways, the story gets too familiar, or too watered down by people trying to make it easier to sell, or ti's labeled a threat to society and just plain banned. However it happens, when the story dies, the evil is set free. By storytellers, of all things. Every so often, they imagine a story good enough to catch its essence. Then it's held prisoner for a while. In the story. It can be captured, sometimes. I think of it as sort of a nightmare in progress. Killing innocence, one way or the other. I can tell you what the nightmares are about. They're about this...entity. Whatever you want to call it. It's old, very old, and it's taken different forms in different times. The only thing that stays the same about it is what it lives for.This? How long have you been smoking? It's a picture of a cancer-ridden lung. Keep it. It's cheaper than cigarettes. And it certainly beats this. It's never too late. Give those cigarettes back now, and buy some gum instead. Here. Chewlies Gum. Try this. He smoked until the day he died. Used to put the cigarette in this thing and smoke it that way. It's a trach ring. It's what they install in your throat when throat cancer takes your voice box. This one came out of a sixty-year-old man. You think I'm shitting you... That's your lung. By this time, your lung looks like this. I'd say you're about nineteen, twenty, am I right? How long have you been smoking? Do you really want to buy those cigarettes? Are you sure? Are you sure? The ones in this town, yes! You encourage their growth, their habit. You're the source in this area, and we're going to shut you down for good! For good, cancer-merchant! What better place than this? To stamp it out, you gotta start at the source! We're not moving! We have a right, a constitutional right, to assemble and be heard! You're the disturbance, pal! And here... I'm buying some... what's this?... Chewlie's Gum. There. I'm no longer loitering. I'm a customer, a customer engaged in a discussion with other customers. You want me to leave? Why? Because somebody is telling it like it is? Somebody's giving these fine people a wake-up call?! Now he's going to launch into his rap about how he's just doing his job; following orders. Friends, let me tell you about another bunch of hate mongers that were just following orders: they were called Nazis, and they practically wiped a nation of people from the Earth... just like cigarettes are doing now! Cigarette smoking is the new Holocaust, and those that partake in the practice of smoking or sell the wares that promote it are the Nazis of the nineties! He doesn't care how many people die from it! He smiles as you pay for your cancer sticks and says, "Have a nice day." Okay. I'm sorry about that. No, I think I'll drink it in here, thanks. You've made a wise choice. Keep up the good work. This is where you're heading. A cruddy lung, smoking through a hole in your throat. Do you really want that? How long have you been a smoker? Do you mind if I drink this here?Shock trauma. She's going to need years of therapy after this. My question is, How did she come to have sex with the dead man? I can't say for certain until we get him back to the lab, but my guess is he was masturbating, his heart seized and he died. That's when the girl found him. Something smells like shoe polish. No. I place the time of death at about three-twenty. With this guy locked in? Then who operated the store? I thought you just said you played hockey and went to a funeral. Wait a second? Who was working here today? What time was this?Pack of cigarettes. What's that? I'll just take the gum. Jesus! It's not the same. Well, if it's already too late... Unnhh! What's this? You're shittin' me. What the hell is that? What is this, a poll? Are you serious? Am I sure about what? Am I sure? Pack of cigarettes. Congratulations. I saw that announcement in today's paper. She's marrying an Asian design major. Excuse me, do you have... This is the last time I ever come here. And if I ever see you again, I'm gonna break your fucking head open! Well, he missed! I'M GONNA BREAK YOUR FUCKING HEAD! YOU FUCKING JERKOFF! "Space Alien Revealed as Head of Time Warner; Reports Stock Increase." They print any kind of shit in these papers. Are you open? Give me a stick, pretty boy! I'll knock your fucking teeth out and pass all over your ass. I can whip your ass. I'll assess all I want! How 'bout covering point!? You suck! Fuck in a second! This is... Look at you! You can't even pass! What the fuck is this?! I want some service! Fuck that! I'm gonna break my crazy neck on this ladder! Well, I don't know if sorry can make up for it. I found your remarks highly offensive. Using filthy language in front of the customers... you should both get fired. This is the last time I come to this place. Pack of cigarettes. Are you open? Oooh! Navy Seals! You open? Cute cat. What's his name. I saw one, one time, that said the world was ending the next week. Then in the next week's paper, they said we were miraculously saved at the zero hour by a Koala-fish mutant bird. Crazy shit. Pack of cigarettes. Pack of cigarettes. Cute cat. What's its name? Are you open? Awww, he's so cute. What's his name? This doesn't even have Burt Reynolds in it.Like I'm responsible for all the smokers! Yeah, but not in here. That's it, everybody out. You're loitering in here, and causing a disturbance. I think you'd better leave now. Hey, now wait a sec... If you're going to drink it in here, I'd appreciate it if you'd not bother the customers. Maybe you should take that coffee outside. Fifty-five. Excuse me, but... Beats me. Sure. Go ahead. Thanks. Have a good one. There's a strange man in our bathroom, and he just raped Caitlin! Call the police. Are you sure somebody was back there? I'm not fooling around! Who went back there? I'm not kidding. I just got back from outside. No. I'm serious. Was it you? It wasn't me. Um... okay. Like what? I left like an hour ago. What happened to the walk and the nakedness? Who doesn't? He went to rent a movie, but he hasn't gotten back yet. Ah, screw it; I'll just lock the store up and leave him a note. I'll ask Randal to close up for me when he gets back. I'm just kidding. So what are you saying? He's your fianc. Sang. What about Sing? I hear that's a rather popular date. You have a better suggestion? Yes. A real date. Dinner and a movie. Let me take you out tonight. So... what? So we should just make pretend over the phone that we're dating? Cute. Tell me you wouldn't want to go out again. After all the talking we've been doing. Give me a bit more credit. I think it's time we got back together, you know. I'm more mature, you're more mature, you're finishing college, I'm already in the job market... I would like to be your boyfriend, yes. We could introduce them. They might hit it off. But can we date? So who's asking? I don't want to marry you. Jesus, you're caustic. I just believe in giving credit where credit is due. And I believe that I'm the impetus behind your failure to wed. You lie. Tell me I don't have something to do with it. There's more, isn't there? If he's so nice, why aren't you going to marry him? Sang? His name is a past tense? What? Yeah, but not seriously. Christ, you're ready to walk down the aisle- I'd say that constitutes something more than just seeing somebody. But you were. And you came here to what? To comfort me? Wreck is a harsh term. Disturbed is more like it. Mildly disturbed even. Thanks for the vote of confidence. How like her. No, you're not really getting married? So you're really getting married? How do you know that? Is that what they teach you at that school of yours? Kind of, sort of? Everyone knows about this except me! Do you know how humiliating that is? And you said yes? You could've broke it to me gently, you know; at least started by telling me you had a boyfriend. I told you I have a girlfriend. Were you going to tell me or just send me an invitation? What, it's worse? You're pregnant with an Asian design major's child? Very dramatic, I thought. I want to talk to you about something, and I don't want to be disturbed. I can't believe you're here. Let's not talk about that. How'd you get home? My God. I haven't seen you since... When did you get back? She thought it was me. What about Caitlin? Well he asked me for it! Was he alive when... Caitlin... Everything happened at once. I guess I forgot he was back there. Nobody. It was closed. We did. Just me. Um... I don't know. What time did hockey end? I don't know. He just came in and asked to use the bathroom. So I'm told. To the back, above the oil. How long are you staying? I know. I'm sorry. Let me refund your cigarette money, and we'll call it even. Sir! Sir, I'm sorry! He didn't mean it! He was trying to get me. They certainly do. Two fifty-five. My point is that you're a clerk, paid to do a job. You can't just do anything you want while you're working. Yes. That's easy to say from over here. Like you're better! Who are you to make assessments? I can pass! In a second! If you can just wait a few more minutes. We're sorry, ma'am. We got a little carried away. Excuse me? Yeah. We get... what... twelve minutes of game, and it's over? Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!! I'm not even supposed to be here today! You only brought one ball?! All right. Jesus, you fuckers are pushy. I've got a responsibility here. I can't let everybody grab free drinks. So? So nobody's going to want to pay for these Gatorades. If you grab a Gatorade, then everybody's going to grab one. Get the fuck outta here already. To say the least. No thanks. I'll take care of it. We've got a lot of shit to talk about. I'll call you. Let you know. I'm calling out. Going to hit the hospital-see how Caitlin is. Then try to see Veronica. Do you work tomorrow? You need a ride? You get my slapped with a fine, you fight with the customers and I have to patch everything up. You get us chased out of a funeral by violating a corpse. To top it all off, you ruin my relationship. What's your encore? Do you anally rape my mother while pouring sugar in my gas tank? You know what the real tragedy is? I'm not even supposed to be here today! Unless you're out renting videos at other video stores. Which means the video store is ostensibly closed. You were over half an hour late. Then all you do is come over here. What time did you get to work today? What don't you do? Randal, sometimes it seems like the only reason you come to work is to make my life miserable. Why do I say that? Randal... forget it. Oh please! I'm surprised I didn't kill you. Jesus. Thanks. Why the fuck did you tell Veronica that I was going to dump her for Caitlin? The swelling's not so bad. But the FDS stings. How's your neck? Point is-I'm not the kind of person that disrupts things in order to shit comfortably. My mother told me once that when I as three, my potty lid was closed, and instead of lifting it, I chose to shit my pants. Jesus H. Christ, I can't! I can't, all right! Jesus, would you leave me alone? I can't make changes like that in my life. If I could, I would-but I don't have the ability to risk comfortable situations on the big money and the fabulous prizes. What do you want me to say? Yes, I suppose some of the things you're saying may be true. But that's the way things are; it's not going to change. Caitlin and I can't be together. It's impossible. You're wrong. Things happened today, okay? Things that probably ruined my chances with Caitlin. ...If I wasn't such a fucking coward. It must be so great to be able to simplify everything the way you do. Leave me alone. Leave her out of this. Thank you. Why don't you go back to the video store? Oh, like your life's any better? Leave me alone. As if it's that easy. What responsibility? Fuck you. What are you talking about? I should shit or get off the pot. I was born. My life is in the shitter right about now, so if you don't mind, I'd like to stew a bit. I'm stuck in this pit, earning less than slave wages, working on my day off, dealing with every backward fuck on the planet, the goddamn steel shutters are locked all day, I smell like shoe polish, I've got an ex- girlfriend who's catatonic after fucking a dead guy, and my present girlfriend has sucked thirty-six dicks. Why do I have this life? This life. What time did we go to the funeral? WOULD YOU SHUT THE FUCK UP? WHO THE FUCK IS IN THE BATHROOM? Shut the fuck up! Could be. I love your sexy talk. It's so... kindergarten: Poo-poo; wee-wee. There's no lights back there. Who eats cock? I'll read the book. I might be leaving early to go out with Caitlin, in which case you'll have to close the store tonight. In my absence, try not to sell cigarettes to any newborns. No! Don't bring it up. I don't want to think about that now. Let me enjoy this hour of bliss. I'll think about all of that later. In the meantime, nobody mentions the V word. This is my way of spitting water at life. Watch the store while I go home and change. She went home, she's getting ready, and we're going out. I'm not. She's not going to marry that guy. She went home to tell her mother. I'm not. She just left. No. I'm happy because Caitlin came to see me. I'm happy. Because I'm happy. I swear. I couldn't make this kind of hell up. Because I'm here. As opposed to the hundreds of other children you let buy cigarettes whenever you work here. Little girl. Maybe five years old? I don't; you did. Living proof. Five hundred dollars. I got fined for selling cigarettes to a minor. And this is what you rented? What'd you rent? Best of Both Worlds? Please, get the hell out of here. You're a danger to both the dead and the living. What? Jesus! What the fuck did you do that for? That's stretching it. You're not being asked to slay children or anything. Exactly. What? It's going to have to do for now, considering that it's my car that's up for request. Can I help you? There's a difference. Those were obligations. Obligations that could not have been met at any later date. Now renting videos-that's just gratuitous, not to mention illogical, considering you work in a video store. We are employees of Quick Stop Convenience and RST video, respectively. As such, we have certain responsibilities which-though it may seem cruel and unusual-does include manning our posts until closing. May I be blunt with you? Can you imagine being halfway decent to the customers at least some of the time? You work in a video store! You want to rent a movie. Why should I loan you my car? I don't want to talk to you. Just... go! Go open the video store. Her fucking body fell out! Does anyone ever knock over a casket on purpose? You knocked the fucking casket over, for Chrissakes! I can't fucking believe you!! I can't help it. At least when we were playing hockey outside, I could see if anyone wanted to go in. I know it was a bad idea to close the store. Yeah. Like you said, you know. I guess everyone tries it, sooner of later. You know. I could never reach. He made it, hunhh? His dick was in his mouth? Who found him? Because I never tried to suck my own dick? No! Oh, my god. Stop it. Shut the hell up. That's embarrassing? How'd he die? An embarrassing way to die. Twenty-two; same as us. Thanks for putting me in a tough spot. You're a good friend. Exactly, which means I can't close it for another hour so we can both go to a wake. I can't close the store. I'm not taking you to this funeral. She meant nothing to you! Don't be an asshole. Somebody has to stay with the store. You hate people. Stop it. This is beneath even you. You hardly knew her! You've gotta watch the store. I have to go to this. Shit. What about tomorrow? What!? Why not? I'm gonna go to her wake. Number six. I haven't seen her in almost two years. Jesus. How? When? Oh, my god. Yeah, right. I still can't believe Caitlin's getting married. "It's not like we're gonna sell out." Exactly. They drank it all. Gatorade. Randal, twelve minutes is not a game! Jesus, it's barely a warm-up! One ball!! They come all the way here... I close the damn store... for one ball! We're not playing in the street. I don't know. You going to lock the video store? Can we not talk about this? At least let me maintain some semblance of managerial control here. I just want to play hockey like I was scheduled to. I told him I had a game today. It's his own fault. Pull my laces tighter. You've got a customer. I can't believe I'm going to miss the game! Sorry. Would you shut the hell up with that shit? It's not helping. I'm going to miss the game. You know what pisses me off the most? I don't back down. I know. What? FUCK! Not a fucking word! Slippery shit! Can you believe this?! The best Burtless movie ever made. Can you come next door? I gotta make a phone call. Shut up! Yes, I've calmed down, I'm still not happy about it, but I've been able to deal. Veronica! Because my ex-girlfriend is getting married. No. Which ones? The women that go through every gallon of milk looking for a later date. As if somewhere-beyond all the other gallons-is a container of milk that won't go bad for like a decade. The milkmaids. It's not really anyone per se, it's more of separate groupings. There aren't. What for? They don't bother me if I don't bother them. I'm gonna hear it tomorrow. Why do you do things like that? You know she's going to come back and tell the boss. Can we talk about this later? What kind of show? I guess not. Nudie booth? What's a jizz-mopper? Did you ever notice all the prices end in nine? Damn, that's eerie. I'll give him five more minutes then I'm calling the cops. I don't need this, man. I'm not even supposed to be here today. He said it was important to have standards. He said nobody has pride anymore. I told him that and he yelled at me. Obviously not. Look at all the cartons that didn't make the grade. Each egg has to be perfect. He said he has to find a perfect dozen. This guy is going through all of the eggs. Look. Wait. All right, so even if independent contractors are working on the Death Star, why are you uneasy with its destruction? Not just Imperials, is what you're getting at. So? And the second time around...? Basically. And you figured it out? Compliments of Lando Calrissian. Luke blew it up. Give credit where it's due. Yeah. There's more? I think they were Catholics. More or less. It would stand to reason, yes. Yeah. I guess. How do you mean? The Emperor. What's that? Empire had the better ending: Luke gets his hand cut off, and finds out Vader's his father; Han gets frozen and taken away by Boba Fett. It ends on such a down note. And that's life-a series of down endings. All Jedi had was a bunch of Muppets. Empire. Didn't you hear me? Caitlin really is getting married. Me pulling a can off some moron's fist. Do you know that article is accurate? Caitlin's really getting married! All four? I think it's safe to say yes. I think the arguments Veronica and I are having are some kind of manifestation of a subconscious desire to break away from her so that I can pursue the possibility of a more meaningful relationship with Caitlin. ...and she's looking to me for support. And I think that this is leading our relationship to a new level. I'm talking to myself here. They are. When she calls me now, she's a different person-she's frightened and vulnerable. She's about to finish college and enter the real world. That's got to be scary for anyone. I'm serious. Aside from the cheating, we were a great couple. That's what high school's all about-algebra, bad lunch, and infidelity. Because there was a lot of good in our relationship. It takes different strokes to move the world. The two moved to Idaho together after graduation. They raise sheep. Allan Harris. Interesting postscript to that story: Do you know who wound up going with Brad Michaelson in the other dark bedroom? Great story, isn't it? She was supposed to meet Brad Michaelson in a bedroom. She picked the wrong one. She had no idea I was even at the party. I hit the lights and she freaks. Turns out she thought I was Brad Michaelson. She called me Brad. In the middle of it, she calls me Brad. Party at John K's-senior year. I get blitzed and pass out in his bedroom. Caitlin comes in and dives all over me. Eight and a half. Five years. Seven months. You win. I guess it's not really fighting. She just wants me to leave here, go back to school, get some direction. One fight a day with Veronica is about all I can stomach, thanks. She called me. You don't want to know. Why? No, thanks. Don't screw with it. It makes us look suspicious. Shocking abuse of authority. Go open the sore. He assured me that he'd be here by twelve. That's what I said. Someone jammed gum in the locks. The boss called. Arthur fell ill. You're late. Jesus Christ, what next? THE GLADES MOTEL? You know him? You're Alyssa's sister? Heather? Caitlin Bree. Yeah? Do I know you? I don't have love handles. I know I can bench more than that! Thirty-fire. Yes. But I didn't sell cigarettes to any kids! Hey! What? When? When did all this shit happen? I... I don't believe this... Wait a second! You used to sleep with Caitlin Bree? While I was dating her? What? No, she's getting married. How do you know that? Yeah? Yeah. Oh for God's sake! I don't know. I am not. What are you talking about? There's no fat on this body. They are not. I don't think so. I didn't strain. I sighed. Excuse me? Meaning? She's my girlfriend. I jacked the car up. All she did was loosen the nuts and put the tire on. Maybe. Lasagne. Veronica. We were going to start again, I think. Knock it off. That used to be my girlfriend. I don't know. I wasn't watching. He died in the bathroom. I can't believe you just rolled a joint in here. So. A dollar sixty-nine, plus tax. You sell to people that can't stay away from an addiction. The difference is you exploit a weakness. It's not my store. How do you figure... HEY! You can't roll a joint in here! Nothing personal. With you? I don't think so. I should start. A half hour. One seventy-nine. Done poisoning the youth for the day? How many times I gotta tell you not to deal outside the store. Go open the video store. Are there any balls down there?! If you'll just tell me the title of your rental choice, I'll have him hold it for you. Actually, that's his night job. No; he was probably just resting his eyes. I'm sure he wasn't sleeping. Here. Now leave me alone. The porno mags? I said go ahead. You know, you probably could've been home, already, in the time it's taken you to get in there. Jesus... go ahead. Yeah, okay. Go ahead. Yeah, but... Actually, it is kind of rough. The white kind. Uh... sure. Go ahead. It's back through the cooler. Um... yeah, but it's for employees only. Oh... Can I help you? And he got cancer by chewing fluorescent bulb glass...? So I'm told. I'm trying. Veronica, I love you... Randal...? I don't want to go back with her... I don't want Caitlin... Veronica... I... it's not like that anymore... I mean, it was never really like that... Would you let me explain... A couple...? It was only a few times... What're you talking about? What the fuck did you do that for? Sure. What time do you get finished? I called a locksmith and he said the earliest he could get here it tomorrow. Thank you for the lasagne. ...it isn't there. Yes. And he said most of them are college guys, I've never met or seen. At least he wasn't thirty-six. I had to tell someone. He put it into perspective. Really? You're the best. What is it? He still hasn't shown up. Why aren't you in class? Thirty-seven. I just can't... Every time I kiss you now I'm going to taste thirty-six other guys. I feel sick. Well... why did you have to suck their dicks? Why didn't you just sleep with them, like any decent person?! A few? No, but you sucked enough dick! Hey! Where are you going?! Thirty-seven?! My girlfriend sucked thirty-seven dicks! I'M THIRTY-SEVEN? What the hell is that anyway, "something like thirty-six?" Does that include me? WHAT? SOMETHING LIKE THIRTY-SIX? Well...? This is different. This is important. How many?! HOW MANY? How many dicks have you sucked?! How many? I did understand! I understand that you slept with three different guys, and that's all you said. Oh my God-I feel so nauseous... Oh my God! Why did you tell me you only slept with three guys? You sucked his dick! But... but you said you only had sex with three guys! You never mentioned him! You sucked that guy's dick? Yeah, right. Like you said-she snowballed him. Sylvan can be talked into anything. He requested this? What do you mean? Why do you call him that? Shit! Why are we getting up? Jesus, would you stop? You make my head hurt when you talk about this. Can't we ever have a discussion without that coming up? Where? All right. Name it. They put up the least amount of struggle. Animal, vegetable, or mineral. Wow. That's great. That's something to be proud of. No; who were the three, besides me? Who? You've only had sex with three different people? Three? Do I get to hit you after you tell me? Why'd you hit me? What the hell was that for? Including you; yes. Twelve. Including you? How many different girls? Didn't we already have this discussion once? How many what? These are my opinions based on my experiences with the few women who were good enough to sleep with me. It wasn't directed at you. I was making a broad generalization. I touched a nerve. Something wrong? A girl makes a guy cum, it's standard. A guy makes a girl cum, it's talent. Now, making a woman cum... therein lies a challenge. Making a male climax is not all that challenging: insert somewhere close and preferably moist; thrust; repeat. Women? Women, as lovers, are all basically the same: they just have to be there. How do you figure? Yeah, right. You can't get enough of me. Really? Why? You wanna have sex or something? I had to use shoe polish to make that sign. The smell won't come off. Theoretically, people see money on the counter and nobody around, they think they're being watched. Why do you say that? Like three dollars in mixed change and a couple of singles. People only get the paper of coffee this time of morning. Oh, be real! Would you... Would you please hug me? I just went through a very traumatic experience and I haven't been having the best day so far. Now come on. What? What is that? Who's defensive? Just... Would you just hug me?! All right? Your boyfriend was accosted by an angry mob, and he needs to be hugged. Nothing! Jesus! I gotta fight with you now? Hunhh? Nothing. I don't know-like two-thirty, three. Bunch of savages in this town. Somebody jammed the locks with gum. I'm only here until twelve, then I'm gone. The boss is coming in. Yes! And I'm going to play like shit because I didn't get a good night's sleep! The guy got sick and couldn't come in. I'm not even supposed to be here today! Please, Veronica. Last thing I need is a lecture at this point. I hate this fucking place. Too hard?! I don't have enough indignities in my life-people start throwing cigarettes at me! A word of advice: Sometimes it's best to let those hard to reach chips go. I'll throw this out. Precautionary measure. I think it's coming now... Maybe we should soap your hand or something. You hold the counter and I'll pull. I didn't sell cigarettes to any kids! I swear! But I didn't sell cigarettes to any kid! Yeah, but I didn't sell cigarettes to any kids! I didn't do that! What are you talking about? WHAT? What's this? Dante Hicks. Why? What is this about? I'm not out of shape! I've been here since six o'clock this morning. Why? What? Yes. I'm not out of shape.Don't hurt yourself. I'm going to Big Choice Video instead. Such a wiseass. But go ahead. Crack wise. That's why you're jockeying a register in some fucking local convenience store instead of doing an honest day's work. I got no more time to bullshit around waiting for that sonofabitch. You make sure this gets back. The number's eight-twelve-Wynarski. And I wanted to get a damn movie, too. What the hell is that? Resting his eyes! It's not like he's some goddamned air traffic controller! You calling me a liar? It's not like it's a demanding job. I'd like to get paid to sit on my ass and watch TV. The other day I walked in there and that sonofabitch was sleeping.Screw you! Well this is the last time I ever rent here... You hope what feels good? I only pointed out that you weren't paying any attention to what I was saying. I beg your pardon! I don't think your manager would appreciate... I just held up the same two movies. You're not even paying attention. Well, how about these two movies? You've never heard anybody say anything about either movie?I don't know. She was senile and shit. Used to piss herself all the time. C'mon Silent Bob. I've had girlfriends, but all they wanted from me was weed and shit. Shit, my grandma used to say, "Which is better: a good plate with nothing on it..." No, wait. I fucked up. She said "What's a good-looking plate with nothing on it?" Damn. She sure goes out of her way. I don't know dude. That Caitlin chick's nice. But I see that Veronica girl doing shit for you all the time. She brings you food, she rubs your back... Didn't I see her change your tire one day? And what-you were gonna dump her to date that Caitlin chick? Is she that girl who's down here all the time? She came here today carrying a plate of food. Don't you already have a girlfriend? You used to go out with her? Probably saw that Caitlin chick. I know I felt like beatin' it when I saw her. Come here, bitch! You like this? Is this what you want? Hunhh? That's fucked up. Yo, I heard he was jerkin' off. Hey, man, what happened with that old guy? So why do you sell it for so much more? I'll tell you why-because people come here and they're like "A dollar eighty for soda? I should get it at Food City. But I don't feel like driving there. I'll just buy it here so I don't have to drive up there." That's exploiting a weakness, too, isn't it? At Food City it's ninety-nine cents, plus tax. All right. How much is Pepsi here? What's that mean? And these aren't my drugs-I just sell them. Relax brother. What I mean is that you sell the stuff in this store at the highest prices around. A dollar seventy-nine for wraps-what's that shit? I work, just like you. You're more of a crook than I am, dude. Listen to you. Oh shit. "Oh, I don't hang out with drug dealers." Wanna come to this party tonight? There's gonna be some pussy there, man! We get off about the same time every night. We should hang out. You get high? Pay the good man. Don't you close soon? Hell yes, whatever that means. Now I'm gonna head over to Atlantic, drink some beers, get ripped, and- please God-get laid. E-Z Wider, one-and-a-halfs. Noinch, noinch, noinch-smoking weed, smoking weed! Doing coke! Drinking beers! A pack of wraps, my good man. It's time to kick back, drink some beers, and smoke some weed! I'm not dealing. Yeah, you cock-smoking clerk. 'Bout the biggest pair you ever seen! NYNNE!! Wait, there's more. Olaf: sing... You gotta hear him sing. Olaf, "Berserker!" I don't know, man. He's a fucking character. Swear. Olaf, metal! He knows some English, but he can't not speak it good like we do. I swear to God. Silent Bob, am I lying? Check this out, he's from Russia. Nothing. Just hanging out with Silent Bob and his cousin. Oh shit, look who it is. The human vacuum. English. Come on, "Berserker!" Girls think sexy. Come on, man, "Berserker!" He's got his own band in Moscow. It's called "Fuck Your Yankee Blue Jeans" or something like that. He's moving to the big city next week. He wants to be a metal singer. I don't fucking know. What am I, his biographer? Olaf, what part of Russia are you from? I'll see you there. The only place I don't bring my drugs is church. And that ain't till Sunday morning. My man is deaf. I'M GOING TO JOHN K'S PARTY! Neh. Till ten. Then I'm going to John K's party. For this kind of hash, you need that kind of cash. That's the price, my brother.Yo. I'll see you at that party. I'll see you there? Yo, don't sell all that. 'Cause I'm gonna get the cash and buy it from you at John K's. You're gonna bring it, right? You're gonna be at John K's party? How long you gonna be here? Yo, I don't have that kind of cash.It stings a little. Thanks. I thought I was gonna have to go to the hospital. They oughta put some kind of warning on these cans, like they do with cigarettes. Usually I just turn the can upside down.Uh, can I have the other one. The one below this one. They show more in that one. Yeah. I like the cartoons. They make me laugh. They draw the biggest titties. No, I mean the ones there. Behind the counter. Can I trouble you for one of those magazines? Thanks, young man. You've got a heart of gold. Say, young fella, you know I hate to bother you again, but can I take a paper or something back there... to read? It usually takes me a while, and I like to read while it's going on. Thanks son, you're a lifesaver. Aw, c'mon boy. What's the difference? You said yourself the stuff that's there now is rough. Rough, eh? Oh, that stuff rips hell out of my hemorrhoids. Say, would you mind if I took a roll of the soft stuff back there. I see you sell the soft stuff. I'm not asking about the color. I mean is it rough or cottony? Thanks son. Say-what kind of toilet paper you got back there? I understand, but can I use it. I'm not that young anymore, so I'm kind of... you know... incontinent. Well, that depends. Do you have a bathroom? No, he got hit by a bus. I had a friend that used to chew glass for a living. In the circus. You know the insides of those are filled with stuff that gives you cancer. Be careful.Why? Nobody! I swear! I was here the whole time. You dog! I didn't see you go back there. He was? Am I missing something here? Territoriality. He was mine first. Hey Caitlin... Break his heart again this time, and I'll kill you. Nothing personal. And I'm caught in the middle-torn between my loyalty for the boss, and my desire to piss with the light on. Nobody can figure it out. And the boss doesn't want to pay the electrician to fix it, because the electrician owes money to the video store. Well, there are, but for some reason they stop working at five-fourteen every night. There's no light back there. No, this is great. He went home to change for the big date. Exactly. Wow. Hey, I was just about to order some dinner. You eat Chinese, right? Few are. So what makes you think you can maintain a relationship with Dante this time around? Can I join in? Can I watch? Wow, you got thrown out? For Dante? Children's programming. What did your mom say when you told her you weren't engaged anymore? I take it she likes the guy. Ladies and gentleman, Mrs. Asian Design Major herself: Caitlin Bree! What am I worried about? He'll probably be glad I started the ball rolling. All he ever did was complain about her anyway. I'm just looking out for his best interests. I mean, that's what a friend does, am I right? I did him a favor. Yeah. Peptic ulcer. So I'm no more responsible for my own decisions while I'm here at work than, say, the Death Squad soldiers in Bosnia? What's your point? Annoying Customer. I work in a shitty video store. I want to go to a good video store so I can rent a good movie. Lenin's Tomb. Hey, neither did ET; but that was a great movie, right? All right, now if you're really feeling dangerous tonight, then Smokey and the Bandit Three is the movie you must rent. I'm gone. I'll talk to you tomorrow. Do you need a hug or something? 'Cause I would have no hang-ups about hugging you... you know, you being a guy and all. Just don't knead my ass when you do it. Helluva day. All right. Good luck with Veronica. If you want, I can talk to her, you know, and explain... You wanna grab something to eat tomorrow night... after I get out of here? Same time. What about you? Got one. Just pulled up. I threw out the stuff that got broken. The floor looks clean. Fuck you. Fuck you, pal. Listen to you trying to pass the buck again. I'm the source of all your misery. Who closed the store to play hockey? Who closed the store to attend a wake? Who tried to win back an ex- girlfriend without even discussing how he felt with his present one? You wanna blame somebody, blame yourself. "I'm not even supposed to be here today." You sound like an asshole. Whose choice was it to be here today? Nobody twisted your arm. You're here today of your own violation, my friend. But you'd like to believe that the weight of the world rests on your shoulders-that the store would crumble if Dante wasn't here. Well, I got news for you, jerk: This store would survive without you. Without me either. All you do is overcompensate for having what's basically a monkey's job: You push fucking buttons. Any moron can waltz in here and do our jobs, but you're obsessed with making it seem so much more fucking important, so much more epic than it really is. You work in a convenience store, Dante. And badly, I might add. And I work in a shitty video store. Badly, as well. You know, that guy Jay's got it right- he has no delusions about what he does. Us? We like to make ourselves seem so much better than the people that come in here, just looking to pick up a paper or-God forbid- cigarettes. We look down on them, as it we're so advanced. Well, if we're so fucking advanced, then what are we doing working here? Hermaphrodites! I rented it so we could watch it together! It's not like I'm miles away. To talk to you. Like ten after. How do you figure? No, really. What did I do that was so wrong? Why do you say that? You still didn't have to choke me. You were saying how you couldn't initiate change yourself, so I figured I'd help you out. I thought I was doing you a favor. You didn't have to choke me. It's hard to swallow. How's your eye? Lovely story. So you'll continue being miserable all the time, just because you don't have the guts to face change? Who're you kidding? You can so. Make them change. Melodrama coming from you seems about as natural as an oral bowel movement. What? The dead guy? She'll get over fucking the dead guy. Shit, my mom's been fucking a dead guy for thirty years; I call him Dad. Am I right or what? If you want Caitlin, then face Veronica, tell her, and be with Caitlin. If you want Veronica, be with Veronica. But don't pine for one and fuck the other. Man, if you weren't such a fucking coward... You date Veronica because she's low maintenance and because it's convenient. Meanwhile, all you ever do is talk about Caitlin. You carry a torch for a girl you dated in high school-in high school for God's sake! You're twenty-two! It's the same thing with Veronica. I'm satisfied with my situation for now. You don't hear me bitching. You, on the other hand, have been bitching all day. You're comfortable. This is a life of convenience for you, and any attempt to change it would shatter the pathetic microcosm you've fashioned for yourself. It is. You just up and quit. There are other jobs, and they pay better money. You're bound to be qualified for at least one of them. So what's stopping you? All right, if you hate this job and the people, and the fact that you have to come in on your day off, then quit. It's true. You'll sit there and blame life for dealing a cruddy hand, never once accepting the responsibility for the way your situation is. I'm talking about this thing you have... this inability to improve your situation in life. Yeah, you should shit or get off the pot. You should shit or get off the pot. That's all bullshit. You know what the real problem here is? Thirty-seven. Have some chips; you'll feel better. This life? What? What's with you? You haven't said anything for like twenty minutes. What the hell is your problem? I think four. Around three or something. She said she did all the work. You just fucked a total stranger? Maybe the Asian design major slipped her some opium? Fuck you. I told her that. She said she didn't need any. Why don't you join her, man. Make a little bathroom bam-bam. Bunch of savages in this town. Hey, Caitlin's in the back. You might want to see if she's okay; she's been back there a long time. All right, but you're missing out. Chicks with dicks. You want me to bring the VCR over here so we can watch this? You're a snake. Hey, what about Veronica? What happened to title dictates behavior? I feel so ineffectual. Is there anything I can do for you? Wow. You've had quite an evening. You're kidding. What did she say? Now I know you're lying. You're happy to get a fine? You're happy? Then why aren't you like screaming at me right now? You're lying. Then how come you got the fine? Holy shit. That girl? Really? I thought you never sold cigarettes to kids. I didn't think they even enforced this. You're bullshitting. No way! I like to expand my horizons. Hermaphroditic porn. Starlets with both organs. You should see the box: Beautiful women with dicks that put mine to shame. Get to work. I know I'm your hero. I like to think I'm a master of my own destiny. If title dictated my behavior, as a clerk serving the public, I wouldn't be allowed to spit a mouthful of water at that guy. But I did, so my point is that people dictate their own behavior. Hence, even though I'm a clerk in this video store, I choose to go rent videos at Big Choice. Agreed? And two, to make a point: title does not dictate behavior. Two reasons: one, I hate when the people can't shut up about the stupid tabloid headlines. Not yet. The reasons you won't let me borrow your car is because I have a title and a job description, and I'm supposed to follow it, right? So your argument is that title dictates behavior? You know what? I don't think I care for your rationale. I see. So playing hockey and attending wakes-these practices are standard operating procedure. If you must. Let me borrow your car. What's that for? I want to rent a movie. Fine. Just lend me your car. Let me borrow your car. So they'll put her back in! It's not like it's gonna matter if she breaks something! So the casket fell over! Big deal! I was just leaning on it! It was an accident! I'm telling you, it wasn't my fault! Nobody's there. It's four o'clock on a Saturday. How many people ever come to the store at four on a Saturday? Listen to you. I never tried it. What, your dick? Reach what? Yeah, but at what a price. Balls resting on his lips. My cousin? My aunt found him. On his bed, doubled over himself with his legs on top. Dick in his mouth. My aunt freaked out. It was a mess. No, because you won't admit to it. As if a guy's a fucking pervert because he tries to go down on himself. You're as curious as the rest of us, pal. You've tried it. Yeah sure. You're so repressed. Come on. Haven't you ever tried to suck your own dick? I swear. Bible truth. He broke his neck trying to suck his own dick. Broke his neck. That's nothing compared to how my cousin Walter died. An embolism in a pool. She was pretty young, hunhh? You were saying? You just closed the store to play hockey on the roof! I'm going with you. She meant nothing to you either until I told you she died. If you go, I go. But I love gatherings. Isn't it ironic? I'm not missing what's probably going to be the social event of the season. True, but do you know how many people are going to be there? All of our old classmates, to say the least. Wait, wait, wait. Has it occurred to you that I might bereaved as well? One night only. She's buried in the morning. Paulsen's Funeral Parlor. The next show is at four. It's today. No, you're not. You've had sex with a dead person. Correct me if I'm wrong, but wasn't she one of the illustrious twelve? She was swimming at the YMCA pool when it happened. Died mid-backstroke. Embolism in her brain. Yesterday. Sanford's brother dates her cousin. He found out this morning. No, I'm serious. Julie Dwyer died. You know what Sanford told me? After an exhausting game like that I can believe it. What happened to all the Gatorade? Bitch, bitch, bitch. You want something to drink? Hockey's hockey. At least we got to play. Helluva game! Then where're we gonna play? Look who you're asking here. How're we gonna block off the street? Are you gonna lock the store? Design major. He's blunt, but he's got a point. No argument here. Insubordination rules. I've gotta tell you, my friend: this is one of the ballsiest moves I've ever been privy to. I never would have thought you capable of such blatant disregard of store policy. At least we're stuck here together. See? There you go again. Don't yell at me, pal. Because you buckled. The fact that I'm right about your buckling? Yes, you do. You always back down. You assume blame that isn't yours, you come in when called as opposed to enjoying your day off, you buckle like a belt. That seems to be the leitmotif in your life; ever backing down. I heard you apologize. Why? You have every right in the world to be mad. Why'd you apologize? So, what-you're stuck here all day? He didn't mention it when he called you this morning? Vermont? Smokey Three: thumbs up, am I right? Thirty-seven! Jesus, you got a one-track mind. It's always Caitlin, Caitlin, Caitlin... Why not? All of them. You know who I can do without? I could do without the people in the video store. The milkmaids? Let's hear it. How can you lie like that? Why don't you vent? Vent your frustration. Come on, who pisses you off? Liar! Tell me there aren't customers that annoy the piss out of you on a daily basis. You gotta loosen up, my friend. You'd feel a hell of a lot better if you'd rip into the occasional customer. Who cares? That lady's an asshole. Everybody that comes in here is way too uptight. This job would be great if it wasn't for the fucking customers. The jizz-mopper's job is to clean up the booths afterward, because practically everybody shoots a load against the window, and I don't know if you know or not, but cum leaves streaks if you don't clean it right away. Think of the weirdest, craziest shit you'd like to see chicks do. These chicks do it all. They insert things into any opening in their body... any opening. He's led a very sheltered life. Oh, it's great. You step into this little booth and there's this window between you and this naked woman, and she puts on this little show for like ten bucks. Nudie booth. You've never been in a nudie booth? He's the guy in those nudie-booth joints who cleans up after each guy that jerks off. You know how much money the average jizz-mopper make per hour? It's not like you laid the eggs yourself. What did he say? Why doesn't he just mix and match? The quest isn't going well? Perfect dozen. What's he looking for? She's in here? You'll never believe what this unruly customer just said... All those innocent contractors hired to do a job were killed- casualties of a war they had nothing to do with. All right, look-you're a roofer, and some juicy government contract comes your way; you got the wife and kids and the two-story in suburbia-this is a government contract, which means all sorts of benefits. All of a sudden these left-wing militants blast you with lasers and wipe out everyone within a three-mile radius. You didn't ask for that. You have no personal politics. You're just trying to scrape out a living. Exactly. In order to get it built quickly and quietly they'd hire anybody who could do the job. Do you think the average storm trooper knows how to install a toilet main? All they know is killing and white uniforms. A construction job of that magnitude would require a helluva lot more manpower than the Imperial army had to offer. I'll bet there were independent contractors working on that thing: plumbers, aluminum siders, roofers. The second time around, it wasn't even finished yet. They were still under construction. So when they blew it up, no prob. Evil is punished. Well, the thing is, the first Death Star was manned by the Imperial army- storm troopers, dignitaries-the only people onboard were Imperials. Something just never sat right with me the second time they destroyed it. I could never put my finger on it-something just wasn't right. And the second one was still being built when they blew it up. Now the first one they built was completed and fully operational before the Rebels destroyed it. So they build another Death Star, right? You know what else I noticed in Jedi? The only problem is that at no point in the series did I ever hear Leia or any of the rebels declare a particular religious belief. Hence, the Empire was a fascist theocracy, and the rebel forces were therefore battling religious persecution. Then wouldn't that logically mean that it's a theocracy? If the head of the Empire is a priest of some sort, then it stands to reason that the government is therefore one based on religion. Now, he's in charge of the Empire. The Imperial government is under his control. And the entire galaxy is under Imperial rule. Well, he's like the pope for the dark side of the Force. He's a holy man; a shaman, kind of, albeit an evil one. Right, the Emperor. Now the Emperor is kind of a spiritual figure, yes? All right, Vader's boss... There was something else going on in Jedi. I never noticed it until today. Blasphemy. Which did you like better: Jedi or The Empire Strikes Back. Return of the Jedi. You know what I just watched? You, Veronica, Caitlin... ...and Caitlin's fianc. Then I think all four of you had better sit down and talk it over. Caitlin's on the same wave-length? What about Veronica? No, no, I'm listening. She's leaving college, and...? Oh shit, I've got to place an order. You think things would be any different now? Oh yeah. In light of this lurid tale, I don't see how you could even romanticize your relationship with Caitlin-she broke your heart and inadvertently drove men to deviant lifestyles. That's frightening. Chess team Allan Harris?! Your mother. That girl was vile to you. Oh, my God. What do you mean? That's not cheating. People say crazy shit during sex. One time, I called this girl "Mom." She called you Brad? That's cheating? Eight and a half? Chick only made you nuts. She cheated on you how many times? Chick's nuts about you. How long did you date Caitlin? I'm going to offer you some advice, my friend: let the past be the past. Forget Caitlin Bree. You've been with Veronica for how long now? I'll bet the most frequent topic of arguments is Caitlin Bree. What do you two fight about? Did you tell Veronica? You called Caitlin again? I wanted to use your car. Who was on your phone this morning at about two-thirty? I was trying to call for a half an hour. Want something to drink? I'm buying. I can't stand a voyeur. I'll be back. I'm a firm believer in the philosophy of a ruling class, especially since I rule. Is the Pelican flying? Some guy just came in refusing to pay late fees. He said the store was closed for two hours yesterday. I tore up his membership. What smells like shoe polish? What time do you have to stay till? Shit, if I'd known you were working, I would've come even later. Bunch of savages in this town. Why are the shutters closed? What the hell are you doing here? I thought you were playing hockey at one. You'll be missed. I hope it feels so good to be right. There is nothing more exhilarating than pointing out the shortcomings of others, is there? I hope it feels good. Your ruse. Your cunning attempt to trick me. I don't appreciate your ruse, ma'am. No, I wasn't. I find it's best to stay out of other people's affairs. Um, do you think you can give me a lift home tonight? He didn't ask me to... You're not? Don't hold it against him. He just never got Caitlin out of his system. It's not your fault. It's Dante. I don't know thing one about chicks. Do you want to cry or something? I can leave. Pretty much. All except the latent homosexuality part-that's just my theory. Twenty bucks. I'll bet you twenty bucks you don't get to rent that tape. Ain't gonna happen, my friend. I'm getting that tape. Says who? You came for that too? That's the movie I came for. Which one? Man! I hate it when I can't rent videos! You're kidding. It's almost eleven- thirty!Shit! I thought Redding had like three balls! Hey man, I hear Caitlin's marrying an Asian drum major. What responsibility? You're closing the fucking store to play hockey. What do you care? Hey, what smells like shoe polish? So? Dante, let me grab a Gatorade.The due date is on the bottom. This summons cannot be contested in any court of law. Failure to remit before the due date will result in a charge of criminal negligence, and a warrant will be issued for your arrest. Have a nice day. An angry mother called the state division of taxation and complained that the man working at Quick Stop Convenience sold her five-year-old daughter cigarettes today at around four o'clock. Division of taxation calls the State Board of Health, and they send me down here to issue a fine. You say you were working all day, hence the fine is yours. It's doubled due to the incredibly young age of the child. You said you were here all day? According to the NJAC-the New Jersey Administrative Code, section eighteen, five, slash twelve point five-a fine of no less than two hundred and fifty dollars is to be leveled against any person reported selling cigarettes to a minor. A fine, for five hundred dollars. Here you go. Can I have your name please? Were you working here at about four o'clock? Excuse me, but have you been here all day? You open?Forget it. I don't want to deal with a guy that sells cigarettes to a five-year-old. Can I offer you a ride somewhere? Hey man, that was a long time ago. Don't let it get to you. All the time. That girl was like a rabbit. While you two were dating in high school. We're talking four, five years ago, back when I drove a Trans- Am. To you? Oh man! Hey, you still going out with her? And your name is Dante Hicks? You went to high school with her? You played hockey? Pretty girl, about this girl's height- dark hair-gorgeous body? Did you say Caitlin Bree? See? You're ashamed. You know you're out of shape. Take my card. I can help you tone that body up in no time. Get you on an aerobics and free-weights program. How much can you bench? No fat, but no tone either. You don't get enough exercise. Yes, they are. You're out of shape. Oh, I do. You made the same noise when you reached across the counter for my cash. Your muscles are thin and sadly underutilized. I don't think so. That was a grunt; a deep inhalation of oxygen to aid in the stretching of muscles. I'm a trainer. I know what that sound signifies: you're out of shape. I heard you strain when you put the milk in the bag. That milk only weighs about seven pounds. Sounds to me like somebody needs to hit the gym. I like the way you think. To a five-year-old kid? What a scumbag! Holy shit! She told you about that! Buddy of mine worked there. Said he watched the whole thing. They used to film people at that hotel; nobody knew about it. Really? Yeah! Shit! Don't take this the wrong way, but I used to fuck her. Because he's out of shape. It's probably from being around all this food every day. Now feel his. Roll up your sleeve, chief. Feel that. I do about three-fifty, four. I think the lady called it. He is. Let me ask you a question: Do you think this guy's out of shape?All right, asshole, you're on. Twenty bucks? Like hell you are! Says me. I've been here for half an hour. I'd call that first dibs. I have first dibs. Dental School. I would've went to Big Choice, but the tape I want is right there on the wall. I know. I've been here since eleven. The guy ain't here yet.Bye. That's cool. Well-you two lovebirds take it easy, all right? Do you still talk to Sylvan? Ronnie! How are you? You work here now?I call it blood, Detective. If you want, you can call it graffiti. Who ever made that. He was a runner for Top Dollar. Just muscle. This sack of shit is called Tin- Tin. Sure it coulda. Funboy's not here, neither is T-Bird -- none of Top Dollar's number ones. No onions? I'm buying. Care for a hot dog? Thanks, babe. Well, hello there...chocolate, Could be. I knew that. Double homicide. A year ago. Las Halloween. This is special, darlin'. Please? Annie, I need a file. You're bleeding, man. You can't make it. The hell you say. This isn't just about you any more. You're welcome. You sorta looked like you might need my help. How 'bout the morgue? Right. You sure I can't just take you to the emergency ward? It's only fourteen or fifteen flesh wounds. Yeah, among others. Hey, man -- you're hit. My pleasure. ERIC Don't smoke these. I should be trying to stop you. I'm sorry as hell, man. You okay, man? I mean, what just happened. You went out the window. She was beaten and raped. She died in the hospital. You died, man. I can't believe it but here you are. Last year, you and your girlfriend -- You, my friend, are dead. I saw your body. You got buried. Fucking A, my friend. You don't say. Are you nuts, walking into a gun? No further. I'm serious.Don't interfere. Leave here. Don't do this. I don't want you here. This isn't your place. This isn't your fight. And I don't need your help. No. I have one more thing to do. They couldn't do anything for me. I mean, I've done what I came to do. It shouldn't hurt this much. But it will pass... It's only a flesh wound. Funboy had to leave this mortal coil. It's done. ALBRECHT I figured as much. Did you cap off Funboy. Thank you. For giving a damn. Halloween is coming, soon. You will have Top Dollar if you watch for me at the Showtime, tomorrow night. Thirty hours. A day of life, plus change... My name. The venom of bad memories. You were there; you saw her. I saw you seeing her. I need you to tell me what you remember. What happened to us? I saw it, too. The others are called Skank, T- Bird. Street names. Funboy. Watch me, office Albrecht. I know Top Dollar has turned your streets into his hell. Listen: Top Dollar. He "owns the street here." He will "erase my ass." You must listen carefully: the Fire Department will be here soon. There is an injured man in the alley who needs assistance. As Shelly Webster once needed your assistance, and as you are shortly going to need my assistance. And I say I'm dead... and I move. I don't know if I can. But you have this... and you know where to come. In a better place. I hope. Shelly would've wanted you to have it. This way, you'll think of her every time you see it... I think he's yours, now. Elly... You brought flowers. As long as you don't forget her, Elly, she lives. A remembrance. A closure. I have to go. No. Does she have a name? I can pick out a tune now and again. Mister Funboy lives there? Who? I dabble. May I? Victims. Aren't we all. I want you to tell me a story, Tin-Tin. You cut her. You raped her. You watched! A year ago. Halloween. A man and a woman. In a loft. You helped to murder them. Murderer. Rowdy. Let me fill in some gaps for you. You don't even remember... It's yesterday! Do you know what you destroyed? A year ago. A very nice lady circulated a petition. She died. Last Halloween. Answer yes or no. Do you know what you destroyed? Top Dollar, you're the only one here still wasting good air... A whole club of pirates, with pirate names... T-Bird? Another jolly nickname? Wrong answer. Cute nickname, don't you think? And how many lives have you destroyed? You're too late. There was a guy outside - on the stairs - you really need to talk to. But he turned to dust and blew away. I don't have any power for you to take. I want the girl. Unharmed. Now. I can see her. Your pain ends now. Does it hurt? Neither. Magic. Don't waste my time. I'm already alone. Fine with me. Tell me I'll get hurt. That I might die. I've already done that. I don't need anyone's help. Yours included. Shut up. Go away. Bugger off to the graveyard, skull- face, I'm busy. Leave me alone -- ! Yes. Shelly? What the hell are you?Not me. It's just the dope, don't worry Oh wow, oh wow, don't fucking do that, man. I nearly had a fucking heart attack. Hey, Darla -- before we die of old age, how about it --? No, wait, no WAIT, that's too much, man, that's like overkill, nobody can take that much, you're wasting it -- ! Does it hurt?! You dead-ass, clown-faced fuck, of course it fucking hurts! What the shit are you gonna do about this?! Owwwaaaa -- fuck me! Look what you did to my sheets, you lame piece'a shit! AAAAaa! Goddd! Yeah, I got a more fun idea myself. How the hell did you do that?Like the car. He hangs out with Skank. that little ass-hair, and they hang at the Pit -- hell, Funboy lives there. Ask Top Dollar. You want those assholes, you want Top Dollar. Top Dollar. I ain't got no fuckin' ring. What's this -- a little, ah, bloodstain, right? Fifty bucks for the box, and I'm doin' you a -- Nineteen bucks at Sears. Fake, 18k. Crap. Blow yourself, bigmouth.I need to find him kind of soon, Elly. I'm looking for a good guitar man. I'd like to get in touch with him. I know your friend, too -- the one that looks like a rock star. Move in, guys. I've got him if you want him. We've got company. Kill a dead guy? Only thing you'll get from that clown is a faster way to die. LAO To the contrary... Like some sort of zombie on a revenge trip. Not a Plymouth Fury, I bet. Give me a break. That guy's a wacko... That thing is poisonous. What... the hell is that? No. I saw a guitar. This isn't some rock-n-roller you forgot to pay, is it? There was a drawing on the wall that looked like a bird. In blood.I took yours from you. Your little girlfriend? I took hers, too. Your meaningless, petty life? I took it so that tonight your existence might gain a purpose. You're no avenger. You're mine. I don't believe that. Lao motions to Grange with the killing blade. Grange RELAXES his deathgrip on the crow. MOVE IN CLOSE on Eric so we may perceive a palpable degree of relief. Sooner or later, my action were destined to bring me a genuine Fury. And it turned out to be you. At last. I appreciate your abilities as few mortals can. That's why I desire them. I know. That is why I will prevail. Mr. Grange... ? I wish to possess what you have now. Of course you can. ANGLE - GRANGE IN THE GALLERY -- in darkness. The running lights on his night-scoped, laser-sighted sniper's rifle which THROWS vague sprays of eerie red and green light. I believe our friend Elly call you Mister Crow. Please acknowledge; the mike will pick you up. No shooting. Is he inside? Who is only invulnerable so long as he cares about the dead. When he begins to care about the living, you'll find his heart can bleed... and I want it to bleed for me. Mmm. But tonight I can take what is his. Do you know of spirit assassins? You do know the dead can rise? Properly motivated, of course. I intend no slight to you, but I cannot find the English to adequately express just what he is. I suppose Western mythology would describe him as a Fury. Extremely so. You and I are the recipients of unwanted good fortune, in the form of a man everyone is calling The Crow. This is a cobra, Mr. Grange. Yes, it is real. Did you see an animal of any kind? Did you see a bird? Your comprehension is not required. Your cooperation and, indeed, your ability are the issues on the table. Do you think this childish machismo impresses me? When I was a boy in Saigon I watched my country change one block at a time, one building at a time. Whole lives erased. A way of life, polluted. Today, no one forces me to move. I use my powers to change your country, one block at a time, one building at a time. Come now. You've seen the graffiti -- all over the city in the few hors it has taken your men to drop like plague victims. What about your turf, Top? You don't seem to have ripped out anyone's heart yet. Sounds like our "Crow" is out-maneuvering you. To be sure. Now tell how your friend died. I know of no one. But even if there is, I am sure it is nothing outside your capacity to deal with? I had heard something like this. Describe it for me. The "hit". Who got himself what? An unexpected pleasure.Oh. Chili dog for breakfast... it's original. Well, how's your friend? What's goin' on, Elly?Very well, it's your ass. You'll be alone. Do this thing and you will be vulnerable. The blood will not return. No powers. No reunion. Nothing. Your job is done. You interfere with the living again. Maybe I was wrong about you. You need to learn to mind your own business or you'll never get where you think you're going. Getting a little ambitious and extracurricular, aren't we? You work for the dead. Forget that, and you can forget it all. Glad to see you're finally with the program. Get it? Kill the men who killed you both, and the Day of the Dead will be your reunion. Miss her? Having fun yet? No? I'll give you a hint. Remember whatshername? Interested? Follow the crow.I never forget anything, dickhead. That building was a sweep-and- clear; the bitch was a nuisance with her goddamned petition. It got a little rowdy... end of story. Who gives a fuck! I'm a businessman. You gonna do me, then do me and shut you're face! That's ancient history. Take the dope, too. Five large, in the drawer right over there. I never saw you. Nice speech. What's it supposed to mean? The night is young. "Our" Crow...? Anybody violates my turf -- our turf -- I'll rip out there heart and show it to 'em. I was wondering if you could tell me anything... about a wildcat operative. One of mine. And it wasn't a standard hit. Bad news. Alot of action on the streets tonight, and nobody bothered to clear it with me. Tin- Tin got himself whacked.What in the hell... do you call that? And you're gonna tell me who. Was. ALBRECHT This isn't Top Dollar's style anyway. This was somebody else. Somebody new. Don't any of your little pals have real, grown up names? You know, you sure got a hard-on for a guy that's guilty of zip on paper. Top Dollar runs Showtime; what's the matter, don't you like adult entertainment?Uh, Greetings. I am the Count... Uh, beg to differ. It is my home. Greetings. I am the Count. Eddie, where are we? We passed that carwash twenty minutes ago. No. Yes. There is nothing more comfortable. No. I never drink -- wine. It's a pleasure... No problem. I know it by heart... Eddie, I want to thank you. These last few days have been a good time. I know none of my wives would've. I envied him. Hell, I envied you too, having a girlfriend that would jump in front of a car like that. Last night was quite a romp. Sorry... Eddie, how was I? Okay. But what if I'm not in too big a hurry? What if I take a moment to slow down and savor the beauty of life? To smell a flower? Oh. So what is the scene about? So Eddie, don't we need a sound crew? Eddie, I wanna make another picture. When are we gonna make another picture? Really? I don't feel so great. Fine. Let them! There is no such thing as bad press. A man from New York even said he's putting me on the front page! First celebrity to ever check into rehab. When I get out of here, I will be healthy. Strong! I will be primed for my comeback! Isn't it wonderful? After all these years, the press is showing an interest again in Bela Lugosi. I'm sorry, Eddie. I'm so sorry. Formaldehyde. It'll be wonderful. We'll be at peace. In the afterlife, you don't have to worry about finding work. I'm obsolete. I have nothing to live for. Tonight, I should die. And you should come with me. Eddie, I received a letter from the government. They're cutting off my unemployment. That's all I've got. Without it, I can't pay the rent... I was thinking about killing myself. Why aren't you on your honeymoon? Where's Myrna? Why are you here?? Eddie, this is quite a scene. Well, there aren't too many other fellas I'd do it for... That's fine, Eddie. All in the line of duty. Don't let me slow you down. After I did "Dracula," the studio offered me "Frankenstein"! But I turned it down, the part wasn't sexy enough. It was too degrading for a big star like me. Do you know I turned down "Frankenstein"? Okay! How do we turn this thing on? Fuck you! You come out here. Hey, toss me that J.D. Goddamn, it's cold! Oh, for Christ's sake. Out there ?! What happened to the stream? Let's shoot this fucker! Where do I go? Eddie, I'm so tired... I don't know if I can handle a night shoot... Correct. So instead, I stayed here, waiting for my comeback. Always hoping... the next film, the next film... that would be the one. I didn't know if it was a trick. They might arrest me and throw me in a gulag. I am Hungary's most famous emigrant. they'd use me as a lesson to anyone who tries to leave. It was a very impressive offer. Fancy offices, a big home... I'd be treated like a king. In life, the decisions that haunt you are the ones where you just don't know... where right or wrong will never be answered. Years ago, the Hungarians contacted me. The government wanted me to come home, to be Minister of Culture. Eddie, you screwed up. Bad decisions are easy to live with. Forget. Just keep looking forward. This is the Philosophical Research Society. A refuge for free thinkers. I've been coming here for twenty years. Stop worrying. This is going to raise your spirits. "Dear, you're lovely." "Strap her to the table." "Dear, you are a woman of super strength and beauty. A lovely vision of exquisitely beauty -- shit!" Damn! Eddie, I'm sorry I can't remember all this. I'm an old man. It's too long. I'm not getting near that goddamn thing. One of those burned me on "The Return Of Chandu." Mmph? Where am I? So how'd we do? I never said I could ad-lib... Ach! How do they expect a Hungarian to pronounce this dialogue? This live television is madness! "Beg to differ. This casket incarpratates, er, inporporates --" "It is my home." "Greetings. I am the Count." Morphine, with a demerol chaser. Eddie, I'm so broke. I don't know what I'm gonna do... Goulash. Nah. This happens all the time... No hospital. Just take me to the couch... I didn't feel well... Ah! This is very exciting. Dracula? We can't. Those sons-a-bitches control the rights. Those bastards at Universal. I made so much money for them, and now I can't get the time of day. Hmm... my biggest hit? That would probably be "Dracula." That's good. I could use the money. Well... can't I play the romantic part? I'm tired of always being the bad guy. You know, back in Hungary, I played Romeo! I would like to be the lover again -- me, in a boat, with the girl... Who do I play? But, I don't like horses. Do I have to get on one? BULLSHIT! I am ready now! Roll the camera!! Of course! Dracula requires presence . It's all in the voice, and the eyes, and the hand -- Uh, Eddie, do you have my money? I am always on time. Ah, so I pull the strings! I don't understand. Oh, like Jekyll and Hyde! Ah, I've always wanted to play Jekyll and Hyde! I'm looking forward to this production. Eddie, what kind of movie is this? Eddie, you got a new movie for me?! Don't worry. I do it every Halloween. No thank you, Eddie. I'll be alright. I am getting tired. I need to take my medicine. You must be double-jointed, and you must be Hungarian. Vampira, look at me! Stare into my eyes. Vampira! You will come under my spell! You will be my slave of love. I think she's a honey. Look at those jugs. Certainly. But now the children of the night are calling me. Shh! I'm coming! I will feed you! Take my word for it. You want to "score" with a young lady, you take her to see "Dracula." The pure horror, it both repels and attracts them. Because in their collective unconsciousness, they have the agony of childbirth. The blood. The blood is horror. They were mythic . They had a poetry to them. And you know what else? The women prefer the traditional monsters. They don't want the classic horror films anymore. Today, it's all giant bugs, giant spiders, giant grasshoppers -- who would believe such nonsense! No more. I haven't worked in four years. This town, it chews you up, then spits you out. I'm just an ex-bogeyman. Make a right. Back in the old days, yes. But now -- no one give two fucks for Bela. I have no next picture. I refuse to drive in this country. Too many madmen. Oh, there's my bus. Shit, where's my transfer?! I apologize. When I play Dracula, I put myself into a trance. It takes me much time to re-emerge. Thank you. Eh, that was a terrible production. Renfield was a drunk! Yes. I'm embarking on another bus- andtruck tour of "Dracula." Twelve cities in ten days, if that's conceivable. Because I'm planning on dying soon. Ha! Who are you? What do you want? Huh? I told you, I don't want any of your goddamn coffins.Hey Ed, shouldn't we do another take? Big Baldy kinda got stuck in the doorway. I mean I can't see the difference. I'm color-blind. But I like the dark gray one. Which one is the red one? Rolling. Don't you want a second take, for protection? Rolling.This is kind of a stream-- These shoes are itchy. Nothin'! I told him he was great. You really think so? I got the early edition! It was just dropped off at the newsstand.I predict we're lost. YES! My father ran a mortuary -- it's an old habit! I can't believe this! I sleep in coffins! So you sleep in coffins?! Bring me two more Beefeater martinis. Eddie will have another whiskey, Dagmar's a Rum-and-coke, Moustapha and King are chablis -- hey Bela, would you like a wine? Ah, cheer up! Don't lose heart over what happened tonight. I predict that your next project will be an outstanding success! Mr. Lugosi ! It is an unparalleled privilege to meet you. Allow me to introduce myself... I am CRISWELL! Edward, are you sure you know what you're doing? Incidentally, you promise you're not going to scratch my car...? My pleasure. I'm always happy to assist in a little larceny. Bravo! Bravo! Magnifico! Eddie, we're in show biz! It's all about razzle-dazzle. Appearances. If you dress nice and talk well, people will swallow anything. There's no such thing as a psychic. People believe my folderol because I wear a turban and a black tuxedo. I made it up. It's horseshit! I guessed. I'm Criswell. I know all. Ah. The director of "Glen Or Glenda." And who may you be?No. They say his eligibility ran out years ago. We thought Mr. Lugosi was insured though the Screen Actors Guild. We'll do our best. Well... there's a lot of junk in his system for such an old man. Apparently, he was addicted to morphine, tried to kick it, and got re-addicted to methadone.I just wish you coulda seen the movie. Yeah, she's really somethin'. Did you see that kid grab Vampira's tits? Has anyone ever been to Downey? Perfect. And, cut... That's great. Let's do a take. Uh... you're a very important and respected man. You're leaving your house... and you're in a hurry to a big social event. No, this is just the second unit. We'll do the main footage later. Soon, Bela... Soon. No, you look good. And the tests came back fine. C'mon... I've got some good news. The doctor says you're all better. You can come home. Bela, they're parasites! They just want to exploit you. What happened?! Don't worry. Everything's gonna be all right. Don't worry. Bela, I'm on your side. C'mon, give me the gun... If you give me the gun, I'll make you a drink. What are you drinking? Buddy, I don't know if that's such a good idea. Don't you have any savings? Jesus Christ, what an evening. What happened? What are you doing? Norma. She changed her mind. She doesn't wanna marry me. Can you put down the gun? Shit! Bela, what's with the gun? I know it's a lot to give you at the last second. I wrote something special for you. I got to thinking about all the sacrifices you've made... and so I wrote you a new final speech. No. Seriously. I want you to know how much I appreciate what you've done for me. A great man like you shouldn't have to run around in freezing water at four in the morning. Bela. I just wanna thank you again for last night. Alright! Let's put it on film. CAMERA! SOUND! Bela, I've got twenty-five scenes to shoot tonight. Huh? Bela, somebody misplaced the motor. So when you wrestle the octopus, shake the legs a bit, to make it look like it's killing you. Once you're in it, it warms up. This'll look a lot better. We have to match the stock footage of the octopus underwater. You'll be fighting with the octopus. Nonsense! You look great -- Look, uh, why don't you lie down and take a little nap? We'll film around you for a while. But maybe not. So why didn't you do it? Really? Yeah, I did. But was it a bad decision? At the time, I thought her money would save the movie. Was I wrong to cast Loretta? What is this place? Bela, I don't know what I'm doin' anymore... That's fine, Bela. We're still rolling. Just say "Dear, you're lovely." Okay. Then you'll be sitting on the left . You'll be sitting on the right. You're shooting "Bride Of The Atom." Scene 85. Bela, are you ready? We didn't make a dime. Goodbye! Goodbye! Forget about it. We'll make our new movie, and you'll be a star again. Bela, don't worry. You're better than all this crap. No Bela, that's "incorporates." Look, just say "This casket has..." "Oh, tract housing, huh?" Laugh. "You need a new real estate agent." "Greetings. I am Slick Slomopavitz, Seeker of Adventure." Audience laughs. Applause. "Say, that's a funny place to sleep." Don't worry. I'll do something. What's in the needle? I don't know how to make goulash. Is there anything I can get you? Water? A blanket? Should I call a doctor? Let me take you to the hospital. Bela, what happened?! I gotta type this up, while it's still fresh! No! Doctor Acula ! You can still wear the cape, have the fangs... but you're a doctor! Not a count. Ha-ha! Dr. Acula! They do? Shoot. There must be a way to get around that... So let's make another "Dracula." Let's make "The Return of Dracula"! Of course! But we need to start off with a bang! Something we know the audience will want to see. Mmm. What was your biggest hit? Sure. Romance, that's great! To engineer your comeback, we're gonna need a whole slate of pictures. Once "Glen Or Glenda" takes off, we'll slam you into one, then another, then another! Uh, a cop. NO! You play the father. He's angry ! He doesn't like seeing his son -- no -- he doesn't like seeing his daughter behave this way! Eh, forget it. What else is big? Teenagers! Jailbait pics! Yeah... You got the juvenile delinquent, his girlfriend from the wrong side of the tracks -- How 'bout a western? People love westerns. Look, you seem a little agitated. Do you maybe wanna take a little break, go for a nice walk... and then we'll come back and shoot the scene? You're right, Bela. Now Dracula, that's a part that takes acting. Huh?! Oh yeah, of course. Of course! Well, we got a big day planned for you... First, we're gonna start off a little easy, with you in that armchair over there. Then, once you're up to speed and cooking, we'll reset and bring out the laboratory equipment -- Bela! It's so great to see you! And eight o'clock on the dot. Right on time! Yeah. You pull the strings -- "Pull the strings"... hey, that's pretty good! Well... you control everyone's fate. You're like the puppetmaster. Ehh, your part's a little different. You're like the God that looks down on all the characters, and oversees everything. Well, It's about how people have two personalities. The side they show to the world, and then the secret person they hide inside. Yeah, it's gonna be a great picture! You'll love your character! Bunny, Bela's here. Look, hit the bars, work some parties, and get me transvestites! I need transvestites ! Are you sure this is okay? Do you want me to get it for you? Hey Bela, how do you do that? Ugh! I hate the way she interrupts the pictures. She doesn't show 'em the proper respect. Well... I guess I should go. Perhaps we could get together again? I never thought of that. The women ? The old ones were much spookier. They had castles, full moons... But you're a big star! Ah, you gotta be jokin'! A great man like you... I'll bet you have dozens of 'em lined up. Boy, Mr. Lugosi, you must lead such an exciting life. When is your next picture coming out? Don't you bave a car? I waited to get your autograph, but you never came outside. I thought it was great. You were much scarier in real life than you were in the movie. You know, I saw you perform "Dracula." In Poughkeepsie, in 1938. Really? Why were you buying a coffin? I don't want anything. I'm just a really big, big fan. I've seen all your movies. No. I don't work here. Excuse me, Mr. Lugosi?? If you say so. This is gonna be Bela's laboratory, so it should be real impressive! Like one of those mad scientist movies. I want beakers, and test tubes, and one of those electrical things that buzzes! Ssh! He's so big! He's a monster ! Can you imagine what that guy would be like in a movie? I've never seen anything like him! Jesus! Are you serious? I dunno. Lie on the beach? I don't know. Where? No, it's fine. It's real! In actuality, Lobo would struggle with that problem every day. What do you mean? Sound! Um, okay... roll camera What's to protect? It was perfect! And, CUT! PRINT IT! LET'S MOVE ON! PLACES, EVERYONE! ROLL CAMERA! NO! It has to be UNDERWATER! You don't understand! The octopus is supposed to live in a lake ! You can't sit ! You gotta walk around, with good posture. You want these people to think we have class. Otherwise they'll never invest in our movie. What do you think you're doin'?! What happened?! Jesus, Connie, what did you do? Absolutely! It's just the beginning. I promise this: If we stick together, one day I'll make every single one of you famous. This is the big moment...! Yeah. It seems a little crazy, but sometimes you just know . She's perfect for me. I told you, the octopus is made of rubber. This is a piece o' cake. Cris, you made it. Thanks a lot. It's that easy? I don't understand. Hey Cris, how'd you know we'd be living on Mars by 1970? How'd you know it wouldn't be 1975, or even 1980? H-how'd you know?! Edward Wood, Sir. Wow. Look, he doesn't have any money... but I'll give you everything I've got. I have a few hundred dollars. Isn't he? Will he be okay? Excuse me. Doctor? I'm with Mr. Lugosi. How is he? But you used to say -- Did you really mean those things you said..? Dolores, wait! Dolores, I got five days to shoot this movie. Quit kidding around. Oh. Er... well you're the file clerk. You're hurrying into the next room, when you bump into Janet. Hey, the movie's getting made . That's the main thing. None. But his dad gave me fifty grand. That's Tony McCoy. He's playing Lieutenant Dick Craig. That's right... Honey, you made it! I wasn't sure you got my message. Does she have room for me? So WHAT?? Look, we gotta figure out where we're gonna stay. I didn't dump you ! Get it through your skull -- I just recast the part! Look, how many times can I say I'm sorry? I blew it! I thought she was rich. Maybe if you'd come to the backers party, I would've gotten the money. Goddamn landlord. The secretary. Or the file clerk. But there's plenty of other parts. I'm sorry! What did you want me to say? It was the only way I could get the movie made! Dolores, don't you understand? I'm a director now! I made "Glen Or Glenda." Directing is my day job. That's the problem! Nobody cares about my movie! I'm tryin' so hard, I don't know what else to do! Tell him "Bride" is in pre- production. All I wanna do is tell stories. The things I find interesting... Bela needs a job... I can't even get a film going... But of course I can't -- I made the worst movie of all time. I'm no good. Exactly. Look on the bright side. If we miss the rent, what's the worst they can do? But you do! And anyway, I've got tons of new scripts. And now that I have a track record, studios are bound to hire me! Who cares?! We're on a ROLL! These are the moments in life you're supposed to grab. From today on, our lives are different! We'll be swimming laps in the same pool Jean Harlow did. Some weirdo who likes to wear dresses. Say it a little louder. I don't think Bela heard you in his trailer. Hon', nobody's bothered but you. Look around -- they couldn't care less. It takes me comfortable. It's a damn good role. Of course it is. And that's why you should play the part. This is my way of telling you -- Since I was a kid. My mom wanted a girl, so she used to dress me in girlie clothing. It just kinda became a habit. Well, I'd really like to know what you think. Why don't you go in the bedroom and take a look at it? I'll Wait... It's a shame. He's such a rest actor, and nobody uses him anymore. No! He's very alive. Well... sort of. He's old, and frail -- but he's still Bela Lugosi! And he's really nice. Oh, the hell with you. I met BELA LUGOSI! Close! The other one! No! A horror movie star! Yeah! I met a movie star! Somebody really big ! Huh?! Oh, uh, no, I didn't get the job. But something better happened! Sweetie, you won't believe it! I've got the most incredible news! Aw, er, it's just a bunch of hot air. I had to say something to get in the door. I know... But sometimes I get scared this is as good as it's gonna get... Orson Welles was 26 when he made "Citizen Kane." I'm already 30! Honey, what if I'm wrong? What if I just don't have it? The ghost can be barefoot. Give me your shoes ! Dolores, give me your shoes. The other sixty-thousand you said you'd give me. Yeah. Well I need the other sixty-thousand. I kinda need it now. Yeah. Exactly! Sorry to bother you while we're shooting, but the guy who owns the stage needs his money. I don't know. Hey Bill, which dress is better for you, the green or the red one? Oh, of course!! There's a couple characters you'd be perfect for: The secretary at the newspaper office, or the file clerk! Perhaps you'd like to look at the photoplay. For this one, we need $60,000. So my associate Mr. Marco tells me you may be interested in investing in a motion picture. I understand you just moved here? Well, uh, if I could I would... That's not true -- No he's not! Do you realize how much money he made for this studio over the years? "Dracula"! "The Raven"! "The Black Cat"! Sure thing, Mr. Kravitz. Well... I've got another project I wasn't gonna tell you about. Lugosi's in it, but he's got a smaller part. The lead is an ingenue, a sterling young actress named Dolores Fuller. The title is "Bride Of The Atom." But Bela Lugosi's in it! Dr. Acula ! Well, Mr. Feldman, I don't believe in thinking small. So I've got a whole slate of pictures for you: "The Vampire's Tomb," "The Ghoul Goes West"... and "Doctor Acula"! Nobody in town has seen it, so I'm givin' you first crack at my talents. I just made this picture, over at Screen Classics. It opens next week. Well, Mr. Feldman, some people have resumes to show. I've got my own movie. It's Wood. Ed Wood. We are gonna finish this film just the way I want it ! Because you can't compromise an artist's vision! Mr. Reynolds! People won't notice. Filmmaking isn't about picky details -- it's about the big picture. I like to think so. And PERFECT. CUT! Look, Lugosi is dead and Vampira won't talk. Ihad to give somebody the dialogue. It's plenty! It's the acorn that will grow a great oak. I'll just find a double to finish his scenes, and we'll release it as "Bela Lugosi's Final Film" Yes, but I've got the last footage he ever shot! Yeah, well we've GOT a big star! Bela Lugosi!! It's a guaranteed blockbuster! From outer space! It's science- fiction. Very big with the kids! If you make this picture, you'll have enough money to finance a HUNDRED religious films! And pay my back rent from the profits. "Graverobbers From Outer Space"! It's money in the bank . Absolutely! You see this script..? Okay -- you know what you do? You produce a film in a commercially proven genre. And after it's a hit, you take the profits from that , and make the twelve Apostles' movies. Raising money is tough. You could say that -- I'm real sorry. My stockbroker must have transferred the wrong account... C'mon in, I'll write you another one. Yeah...? Hruphh...? We're escaping! Don't worry. We're almost there. But I thought me and Dolores had something. Tor, I should be getting home. I'd be happy too, if I had such a great family. Uh, I don't have much of an appetite lately. Here's the scene. Loretta, you're in a trance. You glide in and get on the operating table. Now Tor, you're supposed to tie her down. But you have an angora fetish... and when you rub that swatch of angora, it makes you refuse so Bela has to discipline you. Tor, dialogue is overrated. You look at the classic film actors, who are they? Fairbanks. Chaplin. They didn't talk! They did it all with their face. But Tor, it's a starring part! You're second billed. Really? Was the third act too intense? Hopefully, very soon. I'm just awaiting the final okay from Mr. Feldman at MGM. So anyway, I've got this new script, "Bride Of The Atom," and there's a part you're ideal for: "Lobo." He's tough. A brute. But he has a heart -- and at the end he saves the girl. Nah, that doesn't matter! It's a visual medium. Well, I think you'd be a sensation in pictures. I think you're quite handsome. Tor. Have you ever thought about becoming an actor? So, Mr. Johnson -- Oh, of course! Glad you could fit me in your schedule. Mr. Welles, is it all worth it? And they always want to cast their buddies -- it doesn't even matter if they're right for the part! Ain't that the truth! I've even bad producers recut my movies -- I can't believe it. These sound like my problems! Oh. Um, I'm Ed Wood! So, what are you working on now? Uh, uh, I'm a young filmmaker, and a really big fan... and I just wanted to meet you. Excuse me, Sir...? You can't talk that way about my movie. Maybe it needs special handling. Why not?? Georgie, what's with the stag footage?? You said you were cutting in establishing shots ! But I'm proud. I wrote, directed, and starred in it just like Orson Welles in "Citizen Kane"! Why?! I did all those things! Hell, I even built the props. Um, I guess -- Gee, I used every frame of film we shot. Maybe they won't notice. Yeah? Whatever. So did you like it? I know a guy in Universal's stock house -- he's giving me the footage for free. This movie's gonna look like a million bucks. Don't worry. We're not gonna film any of it. So change the poster. Trust me, you'll be better off. This is a story that's gonna grab people. It's about this guy. He's crazy about this girl but he likes to wear dresses. Should he tell her? Should he not tell her? He's torn. George, this is DRAMA. I don't think he's a schmuck. There's still a sex-change -- Because he's my friend . Uh, yeah. Our picture. No, he's not dead! He lives in Baldwin Hills. I met him recently, and he wants to be in our picture. Yeah! Lugosi ! What if I told you you could have a star for $1000?? No! It would be something better! Something impressive . The biggest moneymaker you've ever had! Yeah, but if you took that crap and put a star in it, you'd have something! No. Better than tits -- a star ! Mr. Weiss, I was thinkin' about what you said, about how all your movies have to make a profit. And I realized, what's the one thing, that if you put in a movie, it'll be successful?? Yeah. I know what it's like to live with a secret, and worry about what people are gonna think of you... My girlfriend still doesn't know why her sweaters are always stretched out. Confidentially, I even paratrooped wearing a brassiere and panties. I'll tell ya, I wasn't scared of being killed, but I was terrified of getting wounded, and having the medics discover my secret. Nah, I'm all man. I even fought in WW2. 'Course, I was wearing ladies' undergarments under my uniform. No, no, not at all! I love women. Wearing their clothes makes me feel closer to them. Well, Mr. Weiss, I've never told anyone what I'm about to tell you... but I really want this job. I like to dress in women's clothing. Well, Mr. Weiss, I'm your guy. I work fast, and I'm a deal: I write AND direct. And I'm good. I just did a play in Hollywood, and Victor Crowley praised its realism. Is there a script? So you're not gonna make the movie? Yes, I'm Ed Wood. I'm here about directing the Christine Jorgensen picture. So? It's only a five-hour drive. And it'll probably clear up, once we hit the desert. Heck, it'll probably clear up once we drive around the corner. I promise. Right now . Let's drive to Vegas! Let's get married. C'mon! Let's just go. I can't get it to go up. Who's Dr. Tom? Hell, if I did, I wouldn't have any friends. Yeah... I should give her a call. Those assholes. Yes! BINGO! Solar energy! Oh that's gonna seem so scientific. This movie's gonna be the ultimate Ed Wood film. No compromises . No, BIGGER! What's the biggest energy?? No. They're beyond that! They're smarter than the humans. What's more advanced? The left. It's more natural. Hey, I've got a scene where the aliens have the ultimate bomb. What would that be made of? You know, when you rewrite a script, it just gets better and better! I was a fuckin' HACK! I let people recut the movies, cast their relatives... I let Bela down... I might as well be. I made shitty movies that nobody wanted to see. I blew it. All he wanted was a comeback... that last glory... I'd seen him in a coffin so many times, I expected him to jump out... Bela died. Thanks. It's actually the only thing I know how to make. Hey, can you grab that strainer? Stop! Okay? No! I love sex with girls. I like to wear women's clothes: Panties, brassieres, sweaters, pumps... it's just something I do. And I can't believe I'm telling you, but I really like you, and I don't want it getting in the way down the road. Kathy, I'm about to tell you something I've never told any girl on a first date. But I think it's important that you know. I like to wear women's clothes. I had to sleep with the lights on for a month. But I never missed a Lugosi picture after that. What do you mean? Yeah! Don't forget "Mercury Theatre"... And then every Saturday, I'd go to the little movie theater down the street. I even started ushering there. Nah, 'cause I had my comic books. And I read pulp magazines. And I listened to the radio dramas... No. I'm from back east. You know, All-American small town... everybody knew everybody, I was a Boy Scout, my dad worked for the post office... I just picked them up on the way over... Not good... I am. How's your father? Oh, hi. How long's he been here? What are you making? The marriage already ended. I got married last night. Hello. LOOK AT HIS SKULL! It's uncanny . You don't wanna be noticed? I know what that's like. Anyway, I brought a copy of the script. You would play the "Ghoul's Wife." I'm really sorry... It's the same film. But the distributor wanted a punchier title. C'mon! It's gonna be a big event -- we're going all out! Bela, Tor, and Cris are coming. You'll have fun! No, don't worry, I moved on. I was just calling to see if you want to attend the world premiere of my new film, "Bride Of The Monster." Please! It'll only take a minute. You can have some hors d'oeuvres, and meet my backers! There's a really nice dentist from Oxnard... No! I don't want you to show the movie, I want you to be in it ! See, maybe I should explain: We started shooting, but then after three days we got shut down. So we're having a backers party, to raise some more money. Perhaps you'd like to come next door and meet some of the backers...? No. I think my film is perfect for you. You don't know me, but my name is Ed Wood. I'm a film producer. I'm currently in production on a science-fiction piece, with Bela Lugosi and Swedish wrestler Tor Johnson. And I saw you here, and I thought: Kismet! Excuse me, Miss Vampira? That was Karloff. Paul, you gotta try harder. I don't want this film to be haif-assed. This time, we go for the quality. Too tall... too short... And this guy doesn't work at all. Great! Bring 'em in! Bunny, I gotta run. Norma, this is Bela -- Bela, this is Norma. Norma, this is Tor -- Tor, this is Norma. Norma, this is Paul Paul, this is Norma. You know, to make the legs move -- Hey. This is looking good! Paul, where's the octopus motor? YES! JUST DO IT! Yes! Uh, I couldn't reach the guy... he was in meetings all day. But this'll be great, I promise! Nah, it'll work. Where's Bela? Wow, this lab looks great. Except why is there a stove and refrigerator? Yeah...? Just like I always promised. Now you're among the immortals. You're movie stars. Well it looks good. Let's use it! The set doesn't look right! It looks too... empty. Clutter it up. Put a skeleton in the corner. And what's that thing over there? So don't take it too seriously. We're all doin' great work. Hell, I've seen a lot worse reviews. I've seen ones where they didn't even like the costumes! Like, that last "Francis the Mule" picture -- it got terrible notices. But it was a huge hit. And you're gonna make a bundle. This movie's gonna be famous! But only if you SHUT UP, and let me do it my way! I'm directing. NOOOOO!!! Are you IN5ANE? I'm the director! I make the casting decisions around here! No, he would've loved it! Bela's returned from the grave -- like Dracula. CUE VAMPIRA! Isn't it wonderful? Bela lives! What are you talking about?! It's the premise of the movie. It's even the title, for Christ's sake! I do. Please, be compassionate. I'm your husband! Honey, I have a little secret to share with you. Don't worry, I'll teach you. You shouldn't be embarrassed by the truth. Mind if I order some hotcakes...? You know, you're a very attractive girl. Two people do. Orson Welles and me. No, I work in pictures. I'm a director-actor-writer-producer. It's made from specially-bred rabbits that live in the Himalayas. Don't you think angora has a tactile sensuality lacking in all other clothing?No, no! I like girls. So how 'bout Friday? ME?! No, uh, I'm just a transvestite. Well, I was wondering if maybe sometime you'd like to go out, and maybe grab some dinner. Ed Wood! You came to my party. I directed "Bride Of The Atom"! Vampira! Hi, this is Ed Wood."Your movie"?! I wish it was your movie! I wish I hadn't blown every dime I ever made into this stinkbomb. If I ever see you again, I'll kill you!!! Screw you, Wood! I even sunk more money into different titles: "Transvestite" "He Or She?" "I Led Two Lives"... It DOESN'T MATTER! Nobody wants to see the piece of shit. Because I can't sell it to save my life! You made a goddamn feathered fish. Is it an art film, a horror show, a hygiene flick? Nobody knows! I'm beggin' people to book it. "Where's the ads"?! The ads are in Alabama, Indiana, and Missouri! You schmuck, it ain't gonna play L.A.! I did. I established some tits and ass. Yeah?? Well Orson Welles didn't wear angora sweaters, did he??! And you did a bang-up job, too. But you don't want other producers to know that's you in drag. Trust me. It's a career killer. Good. And one more thing. I think your "Written, Directed, and Starring Ed Wood" credit is a bad idea. They'll notice. Look, why don't you let me take over from here? I can do a few tricks: Pad it out with more stock footage, add establishing shots... Ed, what was the one thing I asked you to do? Make it seven reels long . I've got contracts with my exhibitors. If it ain't over an hour, they won't play it. I think it's fifty-seven minutes long. Then how's it gonna get in the picture ?! Ed! What's with these revised pages?! A scene in a smelting factory? A buffalo stampede?? Three-hundred soldiers storming Anzio Beach ??! What's going on here? I can't afford to film this nonsense! And what's with this new title?! My poster says "I CHANGED MY SEX"! Yeah! Five pages right before it ends! The rest of the show is about some schmuck who likes angora sweaters. I thought this was gonna be a sex- change film! Why would Lugosi want to be in a sex-change flick? OUR picture? Isn't he dead? Lugosi? Who? Fine, maybe you're right. But it doesn't friggin' matter. I can't afford a star, so I don't even know what we're talking about. Yeah. Crap with a star. Eddie, you must have me confused with David Selznick. I don't make major motion pictures. I make crap. Tits. And this is why you think you're the most qualified to make my movie? You gotta be kiddin' me. So you're not a fruit? Are you a fruit? Hmm. There's five-hundred guys in town who can tell me the same thing. You said on the phone you had some kind of "special qualifications." It opens in nine weeks in Tulsa. Fuck no! But there's a poster. No, of COURSE I'm gonna make the movie! I've already presold Alabama and Oklahoma. Those repressed Okies really go for that twisted pervert stuff. So we'll just make it without that she-male. We'll fictitionalize it. Yeah, well a couple of things have changed. It ain't gonna be the Christine Jorgensen story no more. Goddamn "Variety" printed the story before I had the rights, and now that bitch is asking for the sky. Can I help you?"Beg to differ?!" Hey, I'm talkin' about my duplex in Burbank! Oh, tract housing, huh? I guess I shouldn't complain about my duplex in Burbank. What a dump. Some places have a Murphy bed, this place has a Murphy shower . I still don't know where to hang the towels! Say, that's a funny place to sleep. Greetings. I am Slick Slomopavitz, Seeker of Adventure.Ah! Atomic Age stuff, huh? I like it. I'll tell you what, Mr. Ward. Why don't you leave those film cans, and my associates and I will take a look at your little opus. Maybe we can do business together. Lugosi's washed-up. What else you got? Oh, "Dr. Acula." I get it. I don't like it. Doctor Acula? I don't get it. I can't wait to take a look. So what's up next? Screen Classics? Hmm, don't know them. Really?! Well good for you. So what are you bringing me? Looks like you got some film cans. Wood? Ward? Wood. Hey, what do you know. It is Wood. Dang secretaries, you can never get a good one. Right? Mr. Ward, it's a delight to meet you.It is when it works. You know the one film of mine I can stand to watch? "Kane." The studio hated it... but they didn't get to touch a frame. Ed, visions are worth fighting for. Why spend your life making someone else's dreams? Tell me about it. I'm supposed to do a thriller at Universal, and they want Charlton Heston to play a Mexican ! Ugh, I hate when that happens. It's the damn money men. You never know who's a windbag, and who's got the goods. And then they all think they're a director... Eh, the financing just fell through for the third time on "Don Quixote." So I'm trying to finish a promo for something else. But I can't find the soundtrack -- I think I left it in Malta. My pleasure. I'm Orson Welles. Yes?Well I was thinkin' like, when Bela played "Fu Manchu." Ed, I got the Lugosi lookalikes outside. So how long have you known Eddie? Hey, don't blame me! You didn't say anything about no motor when I was up on that ceiling! What octopus motor? You're sure ??? You're sure this is gonna work? Ed, you said you were getting permission. We couldn't afford any more props. If it seems weird, maybe you can add a scene where they eat dinner. Well my cousin Fred met this dame from back East. She's from "old money," and he thinks she's loaded. And here's the kicker: She's very interested in the picture business! Uh, yoo-hoo. Excuse me! Sorry to interrupt, but I got some big news. Here's to Ed. For making us into something. I don't know. Lines around the block.B-but it's our money -- Mr. Wood? What do you think you're doing ?! I thought this was a group effort. This is our choir director. He's gonna play the young hero. Doesn't this strike you as a bit morbid? Mr. Wood! ...Do you accept the Lord Jesus Christ as your savior?Yes? Oh, you wanna talk about the "big picture"?! How 'bout that the policemen arrive in the daylight, but now it's suddenly night??? That cardboard headstone tipped over. This graveyard is obviously phony! "Perfect"? Mr. Wood, do you know anything about the art of film production?! What'd you give him all the lines for?? He's unintelligible! Just, it doesn't look like very much. Lugosi ??! Didn't be pass on? Um, I understand that this science friction is popular -- but don't the big hits always have big stars? I don't know... this is all a lot to absorb. Graverobbers from what ?? Would that work? Oh! Our church has the money for one film. We just don't have it for all twelve... I'm interested in the picture business. My associates and I wish to produce a series of uplifting religious films, on the Apostles. But unfortunately, we don't have enough money. Hmm, so you're in the picture business? Mr. Wood, you have bounced your third and final rent check. Mr. Wood, this is Mr. Reynolds, your landlord. Could you please open up? Mr. Wood?!He's so great, you hire him. Yeah? Well now he's a junkie. He don't deserve to work. He's a bum . Hey big shot, get off your ass. They need a potted palm over in the Carl Laemmle Building.What is happening? My eyes are killink me. Forget her! Move on. A good lookink boy like you as you can have any girl you wish. My friend, you tink Greta is first woman I ever see? No! Many duds, before I find her. Nonsense! You must try our hot glug. Don't worry. You just haven't met right woman yet. Oopsy. That cabbage goes right through me. The food will make you feel bedder. Look at me -- I'm da happiest guy I know! Hey! You're not eatink. Okey-dokey. But Greta say -- Bela, he talk. Loretta, she talk. But Tor, he no talk. No. She tink Lobo is waste of my time. Lobo don't talk. Edvard! I haf question 'bout script. My vife Greta, she read. And she no like. I like. When do movie shoot? But what bout accent? Some people tink I haf too much accent. No. With hair, yah. But I must shave head for wrestlink. It scare da crowds. Dey like that. Mm, not good-lookink enough. Tor! Could we moovf to table? Da pleasure be mine.I like the sound of that. Those yours too? No, I mean...I'm a little...dusty... I'm not really dressed for a party. How'd you know it was me? Trust me, this ain't one of those times. You wouldn't say that, if you could see me. Forget it, egghead. I'm good as is. Got it, teach. Glad "nothing" could take you away from your work. Yeah. I can tell. Victor was right. Oh, you remember my name do you? You happen to remember what you swore to do with every breath in your body? It's about to be a broken face. Not unless you want that clipboard stretched up your -- Yeah. You don't wanna know the details. You got a chisel round here? Yeah, nine years straight. Am I okay?! You wanna explain that?! What the --! I think I need to lie down. Bad shrimp. Well maybe you should date him. I'm sorry, did that cosmic-bath loosen your screws? Reed, I'm not talking about Debbie. You go through something like this, makes you appreciate having the right woman in your life. Reed. Even you can't compute every little thing. Solid. How long was I out? I ain't done arranging your flowers, egghead. Should ? This is your dream, Reed. You should be the one up there. Isn't that your speech? This makes five. Five times. They crashed it into a wall. A flight <i>simulator</i>. No. I cannot take orders from that underwear model. That wingnut washed out of NASA for sneaking two Victoria Secret wannabes into a flight simulator. Can't do it. I cannot do it. I know, I know. I'm just worried about what he wants... Speaking of which... Maybe you should think about yourself for once. You always let this guy push you round -- He knew about NASA. What if he made the call to shut us down -- What about his first born? I can't take this. You'd never know it. Good thing it ain't workin... Reed, what are we doing here? This guy's fast-food, strip-mall science -- No more cracks about how I look. The machine works. And Vic's gone Mister Hyde on us -- Go back to the drawing board. Give me the god damn mirror! Give me a mirror... What's wrong with me? Reed? ... Sue? Where...where am I? Put your tiny little mind at ease. Hey, two hearts got busted last time. Maybe she's not over it either. 'Course not. Strictly business. Keep talking, there won't be a next time. What the hell you smiling at? Just keep your mouth shut, and your mind on those SMBs -- I already got it. Everything I want. Deb, it's me. It's still me. Don't come any closer for a sec. This is gonna be kind of a shock... You remember when we said "together forever no matter what"? Deb... It's me. I need you to step out front. Soon as I'm back, I'm gonna trade that in for a bigger rock. I'll be watching over you. And you can? Power it up? Reed said it'd be weeks till -- What do you want, Vic? What is this? Where's Reed? About me? How sweet. What are you doing here? Victor must've taken him. It's easy for you to be patient. It's not him. It's them . I can't live like this. Oh, he did. I wouldn't be caught dead in that. You look like an eighties rock band. Well why didn't you say so? You want me to lift some weights or something? Wouldn't want to keep Vic waiting. Is it safe? I can handle the ship. I can even handle Mr. Blonde Ambition. But I don't know if I should be flying or playing Vegas in these suits. Who the hell came up with them? Way to not overthink it. So when do we leave?But...this disease...is progressive... degenerative... The Center for Disease Control. If this thing is contagious -- I wish I could tell you. I can't pretend to know what we're dealing with here. I'll notify the CDC and -- At this rate, the infection should be complete in two, maybe three weeks -- I don't really know. A compound organic-metallic alloy. Stronger than titanium or carbon steel. Harder than diamonds -- Your tissue, your organs, your entire biophysical structure is changing. Every system is still functioning, somehow --Hey, I'm Mr. Sensitivity now. Clear the way, wide load coming through. Really? With a name like Von Doom ? Never saw that one coming. Hey! That's a prototype ! They said that's not such a good idea, the shock alone could -- I swear to you they've done everything humanly possible. The best plastic surgeons in the world, Ben. You had the best -- They're fine. Everybody <i>else</i>...is fine. Back on Earth. Victor's medical facility... We're in quarantine. Don't you wander off, boy. Let's see: you got Victor, stud of the year, more coin than God? Or Reed, the world's dumbest smart guy worth less than a postage stamp. Hmmm, it's a toss-up. Yeah, well, his eyes say different. Please tell me your dawg's not trying to rekindle things with my sister. If you behave, maybe next time daddy'll let you drive. Actually, the engines are SMEs. Hydrogenbase, carbon propellant. Couple generations past your last ride. I'm not as dumb as you look. But all these people... Act. Here we go again. Reed, what if we got these gifts for a reason ? What if we have some, you know...like, calling? Right, whatever, have fun. He's right. These costumes are... missing something. I can't put my finger on it -- Oh, well that's easy: I'm hot. You're...well, you're a little limp. Sue's easy to see through. And Ben's always been a hardass. Why aren't you writing this down? What are you trying to say? Just because I dress well and like to dance -- Gotcha. Okay. Supernova bad. I can go hotter! This place is deluxe. You got cable? Twenty? From outside the place looks a lot taller. What he's trying to say is: every team needs a mascot... This is wrong in so many ways. Oh, you dawg you. Better not be my nurse! Cool. What'd it do to you guys? Now what is up with <i>that</i>? Ben! Ben! What about you? Not this again -- I though we went over this. Me like-y. Meet me at 4:01, top of the run. That'll give you a minute to freshen up. I've never felt better in my life. When do you get off work? So are you! I don't know if "we've" noticed, but the sickest runs this side of the Alps are <i>right outside that window</i> -- Sis. Let me take care of you for once. I'm sorry, sis, for leaving you guys -- Look around, sis! She's not here . So you can stop talking to me like I'm your little boy -- At least it beats living in a lab like somebody's science project. Yeah, for the last time, I hope. I'm done with this freak show. I'm moving back to the real world. Blockhead started it! You're gonna pay for that, Pebbles. What?! Dude. That's my sister. Uh, we call my sister the invisible girl...the Invisible Girl. Sweet. You're really cramping my style here. Is that a trick question? C'mon, I can't be the only one who thinks this is cool. Wait. You mean there's chance we could be full-on-24-7-fantastic? What is that <i>thing</i>? Okay, "mom." Flame on, flame off. Flame on, flame off -- Please tell me you go silent too. Keep the hot side hot, and the cool side cool!Top left, like you asked. Today Wall Street. Tomorrow, who knows...maybe Washington. Yes sir. You've got the Mayor at eight, then a nine-thirty interview with the Journal -- Sir, I've always wondered... Why Sue ? You could have any woman in the world but -- You know, maybe you should get some rest -- Actually, uh, people seem to think the scar "humanizes" you. Sir, I'm sure he wouldn't put himself -- Stable. We're looking at low twenties. It's a good number, considering the fallout from -- Recording, sir. We see you perfectly. Then what is it? Our numbers are through the roof. The IPO's tracking at fifty, sixty a share. The bank's five times oversubscribed -- They're ready for you, sir. And if he's not...?Ben, I've been crunching the numbers on the machine. I think if we can rework the power settings... Time for your lesson, Vic. Chem 101: what happens when you supercool hot metal...? Ben... Ben, I don't know if this thing'll change us back or make us worse. I need you to be patient for a little while longe-- We're working as hard as we can -- Ben -- This isn't permanent, Johnny. We need to be careful until we're normal again. O-kay. We'll skip that question. Ben, I'm afraid I've got to ask -- Okay. I've uh, got some questions, from Sue. That she thought might be better coming from me... Can you, you know, go to the bathroom...like normal... If we're going to identify the source of the mutation, we need to isolate your recombinant DNA so we can activate positional genomes. We had a tough year. Ben. Are you okay? Are you alright? He's smart, powerful, successful -- What? Come on. She's got a good thing with Victor -- Yeah, you and Debbie and perfect -- I should have done more, run more tests -- I don't know. I just keep going over and over the numbers. Three days. I was worried about you. How are you feeling? Ben. This is serious. Turn around . The shields on the station should protect us. Victor's better at these things. He's made a few changes. I had it at four. When have I asked you to do something you absolutely said you could not do? I'm sure he's matured since then. Youthful high spirits. External SRBs, orbital system engines. Its just like the shuttles you flew in -- We got what we wanted. That's enough . Ben, think about all the people we can help if this works -- Ben, the money's not important. We could save lives . Ben. This is business. Just work. He's financed some of the biggest breakthroughs of this century. This wasn't our first stop, in case you forgot NASA. And Victor's not that bad. He's just a little... Larger than life. Now . Johnny. SUPERNOVA. A higher calling like getting girls and making money? You need to control yourself and think before you -- That's what I'm trying to calculate. And it's not rubber. It's muscle, tendon. I seem to have the ability to manipulate the malleability of my molecular structure and redistribute my density to -- They're not costumes. What? No. I'm trying to figure out why we each ended up with different symptoms. Is there something about flames? About flaming, that you -- Not only could you kill yourself, but you could set fire to Earth's atmosphere and destroy all human life as we know it. Back it down, Johnny! ...and figure out how to reverse them. Let me show you to your rooms. We should stay here until we can define the extent of our changes... Oh, it is. Ben Grimm is a genuine American hero who's been through a terrible orde-- You've been working out. Ben, are you there? The cloud has fundamentally altered our DNA. He's not responsive -- Victor's right. Johnny, get to the command center. Close the shields. But I'm not done with the machine -- What are you doing here? Victor, if we could understand what happened to us -- I ruined? With all due respect, I told you to abort -- Not much. We need to run tests to see the extent of the damage. He's had some kind of...reaction to exposure from the cloud. And he's not the only one. Ben did this. Not until Ben is back inside! Come on, Ben, come on... Ben's still out there -- We've got minutes until it hits, not hours...Victor, that storm's deadly -- the radiation's lethal. We need to abort. Sure. Hilarious. You back this mission, and I'll sign over a fair percentage of any applications or -- Not at all. You remember in school we talked about working together. That's what I was about to explain... I found a broken gasket, from space -- Sue, I need some of that anger, rage, frustration -- The power...I need...more power...to control...the storm -- I can...make it work. Why didn't you say something? You always talked about how you liked the kind of man who could approach you...speak his mind. One who wasn't afraid to tell you what he wanted. You know, I bribed the projectionist ten bucks to keep it open late? You were ? I could get Ben to tap into the Baxter's main power to generate enough voltage -- I'm not the only one in there. I got you, Vic, Ben, Johnny, all rattling around in there. Which is why I'm working twenty hours a day, checking every variable -- He was going to take away all my data, equipment -- No way to know. Without more tests, experiments. With the right energy, we can stabilize the storm. Maybe tie into the city grid... Of course. Of course. Curing countless diseases, not just ours. If we can build a machine to re-create the storm, we can reverse the polarity -- The plants, from space. Their particles are still charged. With the right amount of energy, those ions could create the elemental profile of the cosmic storm. There were a lot of variables to consider -- I think it was a little more complicated than -- No, I distinctly remember: you walked out my door. Ergo... I mean, you broke up with me , right? What in the world would give me that idea? Okay. Is there any way to duplicate that feeling? Some memory or... I'm saying, if you had a little more self control, you could locate the trigger. Can you remember the exact emotions when -- You should be able to bend light around other objects, even people, if you could control your emotional state better -- It's not "invisibility" per se. You're bending the light around you with some kind of malleable force field. That's what you projected on the Bridge. That's what we're here to find out. Sue. Your clothes. Lose them. We need to get past them. Let's not jump to conclusions, we need a <i>massive amount of evidence</i> before making that leap. Sue...<i>look at your hands</i>. Uh, Sue...? I can't . For science. Passion. I can tell you guys are enjoying what was the best part of our relationship -- That's good. That's uh...good. Feeling better? Material made from self-regulating unstable molecules. I've been working on a formula for this. As far as crew, I was hoping Ben could pilot the mission -- I, uh, think I remember the number. Well, uh, based on our history...you can handle the biogenetics, and I'll focus on the molecular physics. Or, uhm, maybe I should take the biotech, you work the microscopes, since you have some background in electropho-- Those solar winds are flaring, but I factored them into my coordinates and -- You're, you've, I mean, how have you bee--I mean... You don't know what it's like out there. Walking around like some kind of circus freak. People staring, whispering -- This ain't permanent. My friend Reed's working on a cure...I think. You know, you could'a run an ad in the personals. Skeptical...? Reed's gonna fix me up -- If you're trying to cheer me up you're doing a helluva job -- 'Scuse me.He couldn't generate enough power for the machine to reach critical mass. Yet another mistake for "Mr. Fantastic." He also said we'd avoid that storm in space. And we know how that turned out. To help you. I've run every test known to man. And they all yield the same result: the machine is ready . Where do you think ? With Sue . Ben, come in. Come on. Let me buy you something to eat. Looks like you could use the company. I'm worried about you. That's terrible news... What? What do you mean "complete"? Like the shields Reed said would protect us. How long? And they're changing into... Front page? Make sure you find Ben, bring him back here. And keep it quiet. I don't need this to hit the press. That's why. Because I could have any other woman... You know, when they asked Caesar "why England," he said, "because it's not mine ." Later. First, I've got some unfinished business. A deal that needs closing... And that's a good thing? Get me on the AM shows, Larry King, cover of the Journal... I've got to do something about this scar. Make sure they only shoot my right side. Reed's disaster. You know, I half- think he did this to me on purpose. How's the IPO? Leonard, how's the feed? History, Leonard. History . Everything else is conversation... How's the other matter? It's not just the money. I could make money in my sleep. Showtime. Reed's always right. Good thing he doesn't always know what he's got... If Reed's right, then this little trip will double our stock offering. Which is precisely the point . Analysis is over. It's time for action . My men could have mass- produced this by now. What I should have done a long time ago. Applications and patents, Reed. This all belongs to me. I don't want to understand it. This isn't one of your science projects. I just want to fix it. Fast ! Abort ? Reed, I put my company, my name, billions of dollars on the line, and I will not let you make me look like a fool -- Didn't go as planned ? It was a catastrophe . You ruined the lives of four people -- I'm starting to wonder the same thing... How much do you know about what happened to you? Ben did this? Just a little banged up. A couple scrapes. Why? It's too late for him, and soon it'll be too late for all of us. Reed, we're running out of time. So reel him in. But we came here to do a job . So let's do it. Quickly . Get a grip. Reed. We didn't come all this way to lose our nerve at the first little glitch. Just close the shields... Got it. So take a walk, Ben...I'm going to borrow Susan for a second. Funny how things turn out, isn't it? The number's seventy-five . And it's applications and patents. This isn't going to be a problem, is it? But dreams don't pay the bills, do they? Same old Reed, the hopeless optimist. Still reaching for the stars, with the world on your back. Oh, I think you already have. Then why is Reed dragging his feet? Maybe he likes having his prize specimen under glass... It's ironic, isn't it? You're finally the perfect woman for him...because you're his science project . Same old Reed. All analysis, no action. Wasn't that the problem with you two? Susan. What are you doing? It is. There's something we need to talk about. Something I need to ask you... Please, no apologies. I've arranged for your things to be moved to one of my condos. You'll have round-the clock care. I told you, I'm fine. It's you I'm worried about. Just find him. What's going on? Raising the shields. Sue, I've lived my life unafraid of taking big steps. And this is the biggest step yet. If it helps, think of this as a promotion . A merger of sorts... Four little words that can change our lives... Right, of course, the company... But you see, I've come to realize all the accomplishments in the world mean nothing without someone to share them with -- Well, when you're looking at your future, it never hurts to find closure about the past. Surprised I agreed to Reed's proposal? I think you both know my Director of Genetic Research, Susan Storm. For your sake I hope you're right. I'm sorry if that sounds a little skeptical. I'm just saying, I know what it's like to lose something you love. To see it slip away, and know it's never coming back. I know it can't be easy. Life hasn't changed that much for Reed, Sue and Johnny. At least they can go out in public. But for you? People staring. Whispering behind your back...Is that a fact! You'd better put me name down for an advance copy! This story of yours-maybe the school newspaper will print it when it's finished. I work at Dennis Brothers Fish Supply. I've never cottoned on to Plasticine like you girls, but I enjoy making things out of wood. We're pretty handy with model making, too, eh? What's that? wanders out. HONORA turns to Pauline and Juliet. Have a nice outing, you lot. pulls his coat on. HONORA gives him a peck cheek. I'd better be getting back. Bye, love. accompanies Hilda into the hallway. What now? is chopping firewood in the back garden. HONORA approaches him. waves a pair of new socks around. The family laughing and talking. Pauline is not participating. She is leaning back, looking morose. HONORA looks at her with concern. No arguments there, Dr. Hulme! All that time inside working on those novels of theirs. They don't get fresh air or exercise! sits down next to Honora, glass of sherry in hand. Thought I'd have a go at building the birdhouse on Saturday . . . anyone want to give me a hand? Look who I've found! Come on through. sighs as HONORA puts the frying pan on the stove. Let's have 'em now, while they're fresh, eh, Nora?I see your point, Bedsoe, but I have to look at this from the law's point of view. There's something missing here. It's something I'm sure you've come across many times in your career. It's called evidence. Get me a murder weapon with his fingerprints on it. Find me an eye witness. Dig up a motive. Until then we don't have a case against him. It's circumstantial. Cut him loose. The D.A. says you ain't got shit on this guy. Interrogation's over, Bedsoe.No -- after you. You always get to go first. I stood up first. I'll go first. Well? The only thing you can do. You must end it. That was two hundred and fifty years ago -- and the pain still scars your heart. Would you live that pain again? So, you do this for yourself? What about her? You cannot not have a relationship, Macleod. You've told me of your wife, Heather, and how you loved her. Romeriz warned you then, but you would not listen. You watched her grow old and die -- and there was nothing you could do. You've been seeing her for over a month now. Have you learned nothing from the past? You. Yes. She's the King's cousin. You may be living -- but this suit is killing me. What are we doing here? Me? Of course. How long is the voyage? The sea and I don't agree with each other. Where we off to? If it came down to it what would you do? We cannot write our destiny, Macleod. In the end it could be you and me. I'm sure they will. For what? Then it's worth the journey. And what do you think you will find in another land? Leaving what? I see. You don't care about life anymore. Do you not hear the wind in the trees? The songs of the birds. The horses breath? There is a whole world around you. Alive. Living. Feel it -- become part of it. Live your life, Highlander. It's going to be a long one. That's all? What else? What else do you hear right now? Life. You've stopped living it. You look, but you do not see. You listen but, you do not hear. Are you always this pleasant? You know what you're problem is? It is a beautiful day. I am merely enjoying it. What? You cannot run from your destiny, Conner. Aye -- yet one such as I who has wandered this world for nearly nine centuries can remember back to other days of change. Days of Robin of the Hood and Arthur Pendragon. They were real enough once, but they drifted into men's dreams and became legend - - as we shall do one day. There will be more to the prize than that. Power will come with it -- and it must be used for good. Indeed you did. And now it is time for you to pass on to others what you learned from him. Thomas Cavenaugh. I am a teacher of sorts. Like Romeriz I help those newly acquainted with our life. We too are brothers, Macleod. In fact, you have more family than you think. You? I know that weapon. It belonged to Juan Romeriz. He's dead? Caution shows wisdom. You'll have no need for that, Highlander.I asked the State Department to check with our Embassies and Interpol to see if there were any similar occurrences like the bank. Two weeks ago in London Charles Redder from the Bronx was mugged in Hyde Park. I think it was England. We sent the prints we lifted from the counter at the bank to the State computers, the FBI and interpol. Nothing. We don't have any proof of that. It's not a homicide, Lieutenant. Y'know, the guys in robbery are gonna get kind of upset. We're stepping on their toes of this one. That's not all, Lieutenant. Wait until you see the tape. It's unbelievable. The guy had a sword and was dressed like this guy. A tape from the surveillance camera at the First National Bank. It was robbed this morning. Hey Lieutenant, the boys in robbery have something I think you should look at. Yeah -- how'd you know that?How? Agreed. This cannot be. I know that for six months you've worked hard and asked for little. That you're a good and honest man. What more need I know? She'll soon be of age. I think my Sarah fancies you, Conner. What do you think? It will be a good harvest this year.I lied. Your life. I've come to strike a bargain with you. I wish to learn the power of changing. Would'st you harm one who comes to aid you?Me too. No -- I'm fine. Thank you. I don't know. No. I can take care of myself. I know.Yes -- I think it is. Most people are afraid of death. Maybe he was a lousy shot. It's late. I'm sorry about that -- but I had nothing to do with it. Good evening, Lieutenant. Lieutenant, you're really frightening me. Is that it? He doesn't look familiar -- but then he'd probably be easier to identity with his head. No. You didn't bring me here to talk about her. Around. No. I don't scare easy. Central Park. I already told you. I took a walk. A few days ago. Congratulations. Detective Bedsoe. You can go first. That doesn't matter. No -- I will. It's done. No. What am I to do? I've learned that a man can only go so along living alone. What worries you? Then she should be an excellent dancer. To ask her to dance. Living. Remember? Not long. We should arrive in the morning. Are you going to be alright? France. You're looking a wee bit green, Thomas. I do not know. I pray that I shall never have to raise my sword against one that I call friend. That is a thought that doesn't please me. As friends -- always as friends. For being a friend when I needed one. I hope our paths cross again. Thank you, Thomas. Maybe myself. England. There is nothing for me here anymore. I'm leaving. That is what bothers me. Yes. The river. I hear you. You? Can't you enjoy it quietly? Sing. Must you do that? Perhaps -- but if I must face it, let it find me, for I shall search for it no more. The days of magic are ending. The world is changing. The prize? So much blood so that in the end the one that remains will be mortal again. So much pain so that the winner can grow old and have children. The prize hardly seems worth the cost of it. I learned my fill from Romeriz. Who are you? No. He was my brother. He died at anothers hand. Aye. Since we hardly know each other, I'm sure you'll understand if I hold one to it for awhile. I would like to say goodbye. It is. Do not ask me how. I do not know. I must leave, for if I stayed others would surely hear of this and worse than they will come. Your words are kind and they flatter me -- but I think of her as a sister. Besides, you hardly know me. She's a treasure she is. I think you just like to eat dirt. Can you really tell from doing that? Because, it's for the best. There are somethings that are better left unexplained. Where I'm going you cannot follow. Aye. I cannot explain. You'll no see me again. I'm leaving in the morning. I cannot stay. Because it's the past -- and things that are in the past are best left there. Sometimes. Different places. Aye? Now I can start to live. To feel. To grow old and live each day without the promise of another. Conner? Get out. He will not stop until it is over. It will end tonight. He is immortal -- yes -- but he is not like me. We are the last of our kind. The last of the Calans. I do not know what purpose we were put here for. I only know that if he wins the world will suffer for it. You wanted the truth -- now you have it. It came from your great, great, great grandmother, Isabelle Tourez, who lived in Paris and died on the guillotine in 1789 -- alone -- and unmarried. The ring was given to her by someone who loved her -- but knew that it could never be. --the crest of a lion and a dragon and a single word: Courage. I've seen it. How could that be? People don't live for three hundred years. That would mean they'd been trapped in there-- If they pushed the rocks you would have found them on the other side of the cavern wall. So? You don't really believe this do you? Why not? Have you told Lieutenant Bedsoe your theory? Why don't you tell me. Alright. In the shop you mentioned something about-- Is it? That makes you uncomfortable? I wanted to get to know you better. Why? Because I don't give up all my secrets? I've lived all over the world. Why? I know. Sorry. Good evening. I told you I'm interested in mythology. We can talk about it more. Meet me Tratino's at nine. No. I'm interested in mythology. About what? New York is dangerous place. I don't know. I don't have any answers for you. You remind me of someone I used to know. You are a very persistent woman, Miss Hillman. I don't know anymore. Because it's my name. I'll be fine. Where did you get it? This is. Go home. Stay out of this. Are you the type of person who takes advice, Miss Hillman? You got me. He was wearing a bullet proof vest. A lucky guess. In the highlands? Corpses? I don't think we have anything to talk about, Miss Hillman. What do you want? Are you a cop? I remember you. It will not end tonight. Why did you wait? That's what the Kurgan said. This cannot be. And I you. Go now. Let me walk to heavens door alone. Aye -- I know, Las -- and I have never loved anyone more. Don't cry, wee one. It's a better place I go to. It's not for me to decide. Aye -- that I would, lass. Dear, sweet, Rachel. Men's lifes are measured by the good they do. I haven't lived life -- I've hidden from it. I've existed in the shadows. My dreams died long ago. I don't know. He is the stronger one. He has a power-- I could have ended it tonight, but I didn't. There's nothing I can do. I'll wait. One way or another soon it will all be over soon. Fine. Yes -- when their troubles can harm them. I shouldn't have come back here. It was a mistake. You kept it?I can take care of myself. No. The money, please. Good afternoon... ... Shirley.It does not come off as easily as the young ones. I do not know -- and even if I did... It's not been long enough. What witchcraft is this?I'm having some people over tonight for dinner -- I'd like you come. Do you? Then why don't you go out? Meet someone. Make a life for yourself instead of hiding away in the past? Jennifer, there is more to life than work. You stayed here again last night? It has to be. Incredible. The cloth -- the buttons -- it looks to be mid sixteen hundreds. It's a remarkable duplication. What's that next to him? How could they get by him? What? How? Why? They've had a little car trouble. I'm afraid they won't be here until after dark. Just a little. Who knows what we're going to find in there. It could be a huge excavation. A little friendly PR never hurt.No -- we're from Strange facts and mysteries. It's a syndicated show out of.. What are you hoping to find inside? Any idea how big the cavern is on the other side?You can believe what you want. You saw the tape. Hey, I don't have answers for this. I just brought you down here because of the sword. Parker. We found him knocked out in the can. No joke, Lieutenant.Alright. It's going to take a few minutes. I have to call and verify the funds. This check is for sixteen thousand dollars. That's a lot of cash to be carrying around. Would you like to deposit this in your account? Good afternoon, Mr. Parker.We had a bargain. You promised. How? And what would'st I gain from this bargain? How comes it your are not afraid?The Hoop-dee-doo! The Hoopsucker! The Daddy-Oh! The Shazzammeter! Snappy. Something short. The Jerky Circle! We'll call it the Flying Donut!The Hudsucker Hoop! The Hudswinger! The Circle-o'-Gaiety! The Hipster! With a little jazz. Sharp. The Dancing Dingus!Cheap! Cheap! It's never been more valuable! And I'm ruined! Ruined! I had twenty thousand shares! I'd be a millionaire now! Nobody told me! Nobody told me! You sold all of our stock? He didn't look unhappy! My God, why?! Why did he do it?! Things were going so well!Forty-eight years... Nooo, I don't guess you will be. Terrific. I'm sure you do. Tell me about it. Terrific.Martinis are for squares, man. It's a juice and coffee bar, man, like I been tellin' ya -- Yeah, daddy, that's a roger, but we don't sell alcohol. Daddy, it's like I been tellin' ya --...It's the most beautiful t'ing I ever saw. ...Geez. This you're familia' with. You know what they're doin' now, Lou. What the heck's she doin', Lou?And Sid says you stole it! Say, that was a swell idea! But he told me you stole that swell hoop idea from me. What gives! Sure, Mr. Muss -- uh, Sid said I could have the job back. Nah, that's all forgotten. Aw, buddy, I don't care about that. I'm sorry, buddy... I'm sorry... I understand if ya don't like the Buzz-Sucker! Just lemme keep my job, I'm prayin' to ya! Aw, please, sir -- this job, it's all I got! Awwww, buddy -- Wuddya mean, buddy? Geez, I'm sorry, buddy -- But, buddy, you were -- But, buddy -- Yeah, but, buddy -- Huh?! But, buddy -- I like to think so! It's this little idea I been working on! My pleasure, sir. Waring Hudsucker! Na-ha-ha-ha-ha! Say, buddy! When is the sidewalk fully dressed? When it's 'wearing' Hudsucker! Na-ha-ha-ha! Say, buddy! Who's the most liquid businessman on the street? Waring Hudsucker! Na-ha-ha-ha-ha! Say, buddy! Forty-four, the top brass floor say, buddy! What takes fifty years to get up to the top floor and thirty seconds to get down? ...What's your pleasure, buddy?Amy -- take a break. You've worked hard on this story -- heck, you broke it for us! But it's passed you by and Smith here has taken up the slack. Whatever! It's no dig on you, Archer, but this story is hot and you're no longer on top of it. Why, it's the scoop of the century -- the other papers won't have the Gunderson dope 'til tomorrow -- The Allemeinischer Zeitung, Le Figaro, they'll be choking on our dust come mornin' -- Archer, you're a broken record. Fact is Gunderson did design it -- apparently he's some kind of prodigy -- He grins wolfishly. Watch it, Archer -- Whatever. That's what sells newspapers. You don't know anything! Fact is they haven't bought it! The stock is cheap, Archer! What're they waiting for? It's pure speculation! Why, they'd have my butt in a satchel! I can't print this!Well, do a follow-up: Hoover: Hero or Mama's Boy? The rest of you bums get up off your brains and get me that Idea Man story! Yeah, well, monkey or not I'm still editor of this rag. Amy, I thought you were doing that piece on the F.B.I. -- J. Edgar Hoover: When Will He Marry? Sez who? Phony, huh?...Yeah, go ahead. -- tough titty toenails! Yeah, yeah, it's the standard resignation boilerplate -- go down to the second paragraph. Yeah, go ahead. Might learn somethin'. Well, why don't ya read it. Ah, it's New Year's, I'm not gonna add to your woes. I'm just saying. Failure to deliver a Blue Letter is grounds for dismissal. It's sittin' in your apron pocket, right where you left it. Imbecile. Anyway. Any particular reason you didn't give him my Blue Letter? I mean, Jesus, Norman, just a dying man's last words and wishes, no big deal. Mm. Well, say what you like about the man's ethics, he's a balls-to- the-wall businessman. Beat ya any way he can. Straight for the jugular. Very effective. ...Jesus Christopher -- That smarts... Where was I? Oh yeah, the board. I guess Sidney's been puttin' the screws to ya, huh, Norman?I don't care if you're president of the company! I need that voucher! Now! I need that voucher! I told you a week ago it was important! Barnes! Where the hell have you been! And where's my voucher?! Yeah?Them po' young folks. Looks like Norville's in fo' the same kind o' heartache ol' Warin' had. But then, she never axed me 'bout dat... Okay, Miss Archuh. ...I got gears to see to. I don't mean that! Why you pretendin' to be such a hard ol' sourpuss! Ain't never gonna make you happy! Never made Warin' happy. Why you don't even know y'own self -- you ain't exactly the genuine article are you, Miss Archuh? An' only some kind a knucklehead thinks she knows things 'bout things she, uh -- when she don't, uh -- How'd that go? ...But I guess you don't really know him any better than that board does, do ya, Miss Archuh? 'Cause they's little pigglies! They's tryin' to inspire panic, make that stock git cheap so's they can snitch it all up fo' themselves! But Norville, he's got some tricks up his sleeve, he does... But then I figured it out: they did it 'cause they figured young Norville for an imbecile. Like some othuh people ah know. Well, that even surprised ole Moses at fust. I didn't think the Board was that smart. I don't tell no one nothin' lessen they ask. Thatches ain't ole Moses' way. Ah keeps the ol' circle turning -- this ol' clock needs plenty o' care. Time is money, Miss Archuh, and money -- it drives that ol' global economy and keeps big Daddy Earth a-spinnin' on 'roun'. Ya see, without that capital fo'mation -- Ah guess ole Moses knows jes about ever'thing, leastways if it concerns Hudsuckuh.Sure, sure, we'd all be millionaires. There's no point in looking back. At the time, Stilson thought dumping our position would panic the market, further depress the stock -- then we'd buy it all back, and more of course, once it got cheap -- We dumped the whole load. Now quit showboating, Addison -- What am I a headshrinker? Maybe the man was unhappy. Ah forget it, kid, ya don't have to explain to me. He's a little person. He's nothing. Like I say, ordinarily it would just be a nuisance. But it seems -- well, there was a spy in the company... It's not important in itself -- some elevator boy you fired came to me claiming you'd stolen the idea for the, uh, the hoop dingus from him -- Mm. Ordinarily I wouldn't bother you with it, but -- this is embarrassing, kid -- it seems to concern you directly. Sure, sure, it's a tough course. Well thanks for coming, kid. I thought the board room would be a swell place to chat undisturbed -- it seems we're having some security problems here at the Hud. ...Congratulations, kid, you've really outdone yourself. Reinvented the wheel. I'm going to recommend to the Board that we proceed immediately with this, uh... with the, uh... that the dingus be mass-produced with all deliberate speed. Of course, as president of the company the ultimate decision is yours. Finally. Damnit, where's my car! I do remember and I was impressed. Anyway, that's all forgotten now. Driver! Relax, Norville. It's only natural in a period of transition for the more nervous element to run for cover. Lobby. We haven't got all day. My God! The Bumstead contracts! Up on your feet! We don't crawl at Hudsucker Industries! Not that way! Through the door! Why you nitwit. You almost destroyed the most sensitive deal of my career! You nitwit! I worked for three years on this deal! My God! The Bumstead contracts!! Get out of my sight. Get your feet off that desk. You're fired. Not even behind your back? ...'Shnook'? 'Dope'? 'Dipstick'? 'Lamebrain'? Sure, sure. And did your classmates there call you 'jerk' or... ...'schmoe'? Hmmm. All right, but you didn't excel in your studies...? ...education, were you? Wait a minute! You, maybe you're the company's biggest moron. We can't use Morris, he's been with us too long, he's a nice guy, too many friends. Matter of fact, why don't you fire him. No -- scratch that; I'll fire him. ...Make it fast, make it fast. Tell him I'll be right there... Well, what is it? ...Who let you in?Aww, what's the difference. I'm all washed up... When you're dead, ya stay dead... Hey, fella! Hey! Where's that martini?! Barman! Set'm up, fella! ...Oh, it's you! Lookin' for a nitwit to buy your lunch?! Huh?! ...You son of a -- Now, Amy -- Worked in a watch factory? Now, Aim -- Now, Aim -- Now, Aim -- We have to be realistic, Amy. You know things have slowed down a little here at Hudsucker -- Know about it? You think the Board would do anything like this without my authorization? No, this was my idea from the start. Well yes, we're pruning away some of the dead wood, but if -- Well, I wouldn't call them nincom -- Oh! Hello, Amy -- was it -- I thought she said, Mamie -- Kiss me once, Amy! Kiss me once for luck! That's it. A great wheel that gives us each what we deserve... Well, can I at least call you deer? Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Seriously, Amy, the whole thing is what your beatnik friends call 'karma' -- the great circle of life, death and rebirth. That kind of person would come back as a wildebeest, or a warthog. No, I think it more likely that you were a gazelle, with long, graceful legs, gamboling through the underbrush. Perhaps we met once, a chance encounter in a forest glade. I must have been an antelope or an ibex. What times we must have had -- foraging together for sustenance, picking the grubs and burrs from one another's coats. Or perhaps we simply touched our horns briefly and went our separate ways... Oh no, Amy, pardon me for saying so but I find that very farfetched. What do you think you were in your previous life, Amy? Well, the Hindus say -- and the beatniks also -- that in the next life some of us will come back as ants. Some will be butterflies. Others will be elephants or creatures of the sea. Every year? You don't say. No! In Vidalia! Farm Route 17! You know, on farm route 17. Didja ever go to the top of old man Larson's feed tower and look out over the town? Oh, I don't blame them, really. I guess I have sort of made a mess of things. These folks have to protect their investment. Most of them are very nice people -- I understand that you're not very skilled yet in the secretarial arts. I'm not that skilled as president. Oh sure, I put up a big front -- -- not that everyone's buying it. I know that, Amy. Oh, it isn't your fault, Amy. You're the one person who's been standing by me through all this. Thanks. People seem to be pretty hot over this imbecile story. Sid found me the icepack. Oh. Nothing, really, just... the more timid investors are no longer running for cover. I bet that's exactly what she tells herself! But you and I both know she's just a dried-up bitter old maid. Say, how about you and I grab a little dinner and a show after work? I was thinking maybe The King and I -- Exactly. And I bet she's ugly. Real ugly. Otherwise, why wouldn't they print her picture next to her byline? Yeah, you know. Probably dresses in men's clothing, swaps drinks with the guys at the local watering hole, and hobnobs with some smooth talking heel in the newsroom named Biff or Smoocher or... Yeah, you know. Suffers from one of these complexes they have nowadays. Seems pretty obvious, doesn't it? She's probably very unattractive and bitter about it. Yeah, you know, probably one of these fast-talking career gals, thinks she's one of the boys. Probably is one of the boys, if you know what I mean. Well, it's done now -- what's the use of grousing about it. Forget the letter, Amy, I just had to blow off some steam... Well, she probably had a deadline... Aww, naw, Amy, that won't be necessary. I shouldn't send it; she's just doing her job, I guess. ...You know! For kids! Oh sure, you're biased -- you're a fellow Muncian. But would an imbecile come up with this? Go on, tell the truth; I trust you and I put a lot of stock in your opinion. ...Well, you know me, Amy, at least better than that that dame does. Do you think I'm an imbecile? -- these preposterous inventions, would be better suited to the pages of Amazing Tales Magazine. If the editors of the Manhattan Argus see fit to publish the rantings of a disordered mind, perhaps they will see fit to publish this letter! But I doubt it. I most seriously doubt it. As I doubt also that you could find a home at Amazing Tales, a periodical which I have enjoyed for many years. Yours sincerely, et cetera. The picture was fine! It's what that knuckle-headed dame wrote underneath! Of all the irresponsible... Amy, take this down: Dear Miss Archer. I call you 'Miss' because you seem to have 'missed' the boat completely on this one! How on earth would you know whether I'm an imbecile when you don't even have the guts to come in here and interview me man to man! No, change 'guts' to 'courage.' No, make it 'common decency.' These wild speculations about my intelligence -- ...Did you happen to see the front page of today's Manhattan Argus? Please! Norville! -- A Muncie girl! Can you beat that! Oh, of all the foolish... Listen, do you take shorthand? Are you familiar with the mimeograph machine? Don't bother to thank me, it's the easiest thing in the world. Matter of fact, I know where a vacancy just came up. ...A Muncie girl! Talk about the cat's pyjamas! Tell you what, Amy. I'm gonna cancel the rest of my appointments this afternoon and get you a job here at the Hud. You're from Muncie?! Mind if I join you? Cigarette? I myself -- Oh, Buzz is pretty harmless, really -- Hungry, anyway. Not at all. You're light as a feather. How long've you been down here? So ya see, I won't be in the mailroom long. For instance, take a look at this sweet baby... I got big ideas, though! Ya know, entry level! Just got hired today! I want a martini! On this bar, right now! I've had a martini in every bar on the way down here, and I'm not about to -- What kind of bar is it if ya can't get a martini?! I thought you served misfits here! I want a martini! It's New Year's Eve and I want a Martini! But Buzz -- But, Buzz, you know I never -- But, Buzz -- Absolutely, Buzz, I'm glad he -- ...It is? ...You don't? -- Uh... Buzz, I'm sorry, I -- Buzz, you gotta forgive me! I shouldn't a fired you, I didn't know what I was doing! I was a little funny in the head, I -- Buzz... off! Ha-ha-ha-ha! We don't crawl at Hudsucker Industries! Get out of my office! Leave your uniform in the locker room! Get up! And don't call me buddy! Out of here! Out! Fired! You're fired! Is that plain enough for you, buster! An example must be made! -- I can't have every deadbeat on the Hudsucker payroll pestering me with their idiotic brainwaves! And what do you mean barging in here and taking up my valuable time! I've got a company to run here -- ...say, the hula hoop such a success. Nobody wants a hare-brained product like this! Ya see, Buzz, it lacks the creative spark, the unalloyed genius that made, uh... This is the most idiotic thing I've ever seen in my life! ...Why, this is worthless. Oh, uh... Buzz... Is it important? Roast tom turkey. Gee, I'm hungry too -- Well, I -- I -- Forty-fourth floor, and it's very -- '...But Sid, let me urge you to work closely with the new president, and to keep giving Hudsucker Industries all your energies -- but not your soul. For while we must strive for success, we must not worship it. Long live the Hud. Waring Hudsucker...' '...And so, Sid, the future does not belong to such as I -- nor even you. We have made our compromises with time. The future belongs to the young, who may more energetically wage the battle against corruption. Accordingly, in the spirit of hope, and the ringing in of the new, I hereby bequeath my entire interest in the company, and my seat on the board, to whomever is Hudsucker's most recent employee at the time of my demise. I know this will disappoint you -- you, Sid, who have served so diligently and for so long. But --' 'Many years, uh... I know that you will be wondering why I have decided to move on, ending my tenure at Hudsucker, and here on Earth. You will be thinking, Why now, when things are going so well? Granted, from the standpoint of our balance sheet and financials, sure, sure, we're doing fine. However, Sid. These things have long since ceased to give me pleasure. I look at myself now and no longer see the idealistic young man who started this company. Now I see only an empty shell whom others call a 'success.' How has this come to pass? When and why did I trade all of my hopes, dreams and aspirations, for the emptiness of power and wealth? What the heck have I done? 'From the desk of Waring Hudsucker. To. Sidney J. Mussburger. Regarding. My demise. Dear Sid. By the time you read this, I will have joined the organization upstairs -- an exciting new beginning. I will retain fond memories of the many years you and I -- ' Yes sir... Sir? Yessir. Geez, I -- Oh, geez. Huh? Oh, geez, Mr. Hudsucker, I apologize, there was an awful lot of excitement and I guess I must've mislaid -- Yes sir... Norville. But look, I'm president of the company now and I -- ...Well, I'm not sure where I -- Good afternoon to ya, this is Norville Barnes -- ...This'll only take a moment. You have a charming wife, Mr. Muss -- uh, Sid. I haven't had -- That must have been quite a disappointment, Mrs. Mussburger. Huh?! He -- no, I -- he's just -- maybe I was a little rough on the boy, ya see I -- How's that, Sid? Ya don't say. Sorry I'm late, Sid. That back nine at Riverdale is really murder. Well... I'm for it... -- So if you think it's appropriate, I'd like to bounce the idea off a few people at lunch -- -- But there's such an enormous potential profit-wise given the demographics -- baby boom -- discretionary income in the burgeoning middle class -- Thank you, Sid, but the reason I mention it is, it would require such a small capital investment -- again, you're the expert here -- ...You don't happen to remember the plan I outlined to you the day I set fire to your off -- uh, the day I was promoted? Okay, Sid. Like I said, you're the expert, but -- That reminds me, Mr. Mu... uh, Sid. I never did give you that-- Oh my God, sir! Sir, my leg is on fire! But, sir! Oh my God, sir! Oh my God, sir! Oh my God, sir! But -- But, sir! -- Sir! They voted me most likely to succeed! No, sir. At the Muncie College of Business Administration. Well, I made the dean's list. Well, I'm a college graduate -- ...You know, for kids! Which is perfect for Hudsucker -- not that I claim to be any great genius; like they say, inspiration is 99 percent perspiration, and in my case I'd say it's at least twice that, but I gotta tell ya, Mr. Mussburger, sir, this sweet baby -- You -- I -- I --You've lost it, Aim. You've gone soft by the looks of it -- soft on the dummy from Dubuque -- -- and she's dynamite! Ol' satchel-butt... Ten dollars? Let's grab a highball! He didn't offer you money. About seven minutes. Yeah. Adenoids?She's good, Bennie. She isn't! He don't look wise. No, Bennie: Lumbago. ...Her mother needs an operation... He notices. Old Faithful. Plan two: Here come the waterworks. Maybe he's wise. The mark notices. She looks in her purse... She sits down. She's looking for her mark. Ten bucks says she's looking for a handout. ...Enter the dame. Fah from it... No kiddin', Bennie. I got gas. I got gas, Bennie.She's damn good, Lou. She is! Maybe he's wise. ...adenoids. She's got other problems, of course... Hello, Niagara. Yellowstone. He don't look wise. ...He's not noticing, Benny. ...No money. ...and awduhs a light lunch. She finds him. Twenty bucks says not here she don't find one. There's one in every story. Ya get the special? Yeah, tell me about it.We are a pair, and that's what counts. Your melancholy eyes... You made me see their failings, Louis. You made me look at them with your eyes. I knew. I rescued you, didn't I? From the terrible dawn. No. Louis, I swear I did not. Louis, they cannot be brought back. There are some things that are impossible, even for me. I couldn't prevent it. Louis, I can't save her. I will only risk losing you - I can't save her. Follow me - that way - through my cell - Yes I knew him. Knew him well enough not to mourn his passing. A vampire with a human soul. An immortal with a mortal's passion. You are beautiful, my friend. Lestat must have wept when he made you -- Are these not the answers you came for? Like moths around the candle of the age. Decadent, useless. They can't reflect anything. But you do. You reflect its broken heart. How he must have loved you. You would never give up life. If the world were reduced to one empty cell, on fragile candle, you stay alive and study it. You see too clearly. You see too much. But you asked the wrong questions. Do you know how few vampires have the stamina for immortality? How quickly they perish of their own will. So soon? Without any of those answers you so longed for? It's already begun. If you want to save her, send her away. Did you kill this vampire who made you both? Is that why you won't say his name? Santiago thinks you did. I could give you reasons. Her silence. Her youth. It's forbidden to make so young, so helpless, that cannot survive on its own. She is. If you say so. You are innocent. Your lover. I was waiting for you... Knew? You mean he is... The one who made you should have told you this. The one who left the old world for the new... You fell too much. So much you make me feel... None that I've ever known. I know nothing of God or the Devil, I have never seen a vision nor learnt a secret that would damn or save my soul. And as far as I know, after four hundred years I am the oldest living vampire in the world. I have not spoken to him... And perhaps this is the only real evil left... Perhaps... I understand. I saw you in the theatre, your suffering, your sympathy for that girl. I saw you with the boy. You die when you kill, you feel you deserve to die and you stint on nothing. But does that make you evil? Or, since you comprehend what you call goodness, does it not make you good? No. That is a picture, nothing more. Surely you know the one who made you... Nothing if not vampires... Ah! You have questions? If there were a leader, I would be the one. You don't want to answer... Two vampires from the new world, come to guide us into the new era as all we love slowly rots and fades away. But how did you come into existence? Disappointing, isn't it? To come so far and find so little. Jaded ingenues, amusing themselves with make- believe... They did, but too fast for you to see them. No magic, just grace and speed. Yes, and very beautiful.Louis, put me in my coffin... Laudanum! Absinthe? You gave then absinthe? We forgive each other then? Oh, Claudia, you've outdone yourself. Where did you find them? Then I hope its a beautiful woman with endowments you will never possess. Stop pestering me then! What plans? Not you my dear. You're spoilt because you're an only child. You need a brother. Or I do. I'm weary of you both. Yes. And I'll tell you something else! I've met someone who will make a better vampire than both of you. What is it now? You irritate me! Your very presence irritates me! Be glad I made you what you are! You'd be dead not if I hadn't. Stop her Louis! It will grow back again! What you are? You would be something other than you are? But you're the fairest by far. Some of these are so old and tattered. You should throw them away. I didn't realise. What night? What do you mean? Yes you are, my dearest. You are mine and Louis' daughter. You see Louis was going to leave us. He was going to go away. But now he's not. He's going to stay and make you happy. It's bet in the beginning, lest the death takes you down with it. yes, that's it. My child. My beloved child. Yes, cherie, of course you want more. And I'll show you how to get it. You drink from morals, my beauty, but from me? Never again. And the more you tried, the more I wanted you... a vampire with your beautiful, suffering human heart. And how you suffered... I need your forgiveness, Louis. I tried to tell you Louis... that night in Paris... when I first came to you... no-one can refuse the dark gift, Louis... not even you. You remember how I was, Louis.. the vampire Lestat... If you stayed with me Louis, I could venture out... little by little... become the old Lestat. You know I love the dark. But there's no dark anymore. I can't bear it Louis! The machines out there, that fly and that roar! And such lights! They make the night brighter than the day! You've come back to me, Louis? You've come again to me? Still beautiful Louis. You always were the strong one. Yes. Past... she should never have been one of us... I didn't mean to let them do it... that Santiago, he tricked me... I'm so glad you're here Louis... I've dreamed of your coming... You'll come home with me Louis? Fro a little while... until I am myself again. No... You come back to me Louis... Louis, Louis, I gave you the gift --- help me --- Claudia, Claudia, will you never learn? Who will we get now to finish your dress? A little practicality, cherie... Shhhh! Do you want to frighten our little daughter? Your mama's left you with us. She wants you to be happy. That's enough, cherie. Stop before the heart stops. Claudia, Claudia, listen to me. You're ill, my precious and I'm going to give you what you need to get well. Don't worry, Louis, you're conscience is clear. You left her alive. You remember how you wanted her, the taste of her - You need company, Louis. More congenial than mine... She's here, your wounded one. Ah, but we have even more in common with our creator. come, I am like a mother tonight. I want a child. Evil is a point of view. God kills, indiscriminately, and so shall we. For no creatures under God are as we are, none so like him as ourselves. That and more. Do what it is in your nature to do. And you will feel as you felt with that child in your arms. Pain is terrible for you. You feel it like no other creature because you are a vampire. You don't want it to go on. In the old world, they called it the dark gift, Louis. And I gave it to you. THEN YOU KILL HER!!!!! Unless I make her one of us... You finish her - if you feel so much - I like to do it. I enjoy it. Take you aesthete's taste to purer things. Kill them swiftly if you will, but do it! For now doubt, you are a killer Louis. Ah! I know. Let her alone. Vampires are killers. Predators, who's all seeing eyes were meant to give them detachment. Don't you understand, Louis, that you alone of all creatures can see death with impunity... you alone under the rising moon can strike like the hand of God. What do you imagine you are Louis? What, no flowery speeches? About what a monster I am? What a vulgar fiend? And what if there is no hell, or they don't want us there? Ever think of that? Where do you think, my idiot friend? We're in a nice filthy cemetery. Does this make you happy? Is this fitting and proper enough? You fool, what have you done? Respect me a little then. I'm the only life you know. Come the New Orleans then. There's an opera on tonight. A real french opera! We can dine in splendour! I learnt absolutely nothing. I wasn't give a choice, remember? As did the one who made me. Consider yourself lucky. In Paris a vampire has to be clever for many reasons. Here all one needs is a pair of fangs. I don't know any hell - The dark gift is different for each of us. But one thing is true of everyone. We grow stronger as we go along. Read her thoughts. The trick is not to think about it. See that one? The widow St. Clair? she had that gorgeous young fop murder her husband. She's perfect for you. Go ahead. Of course not. It's so easy you almost feel sorry for them. Anything is possible. But just try it for a week. Come into New Orleans and let me show you some real sport! Yes. And I'm bored with this prattle -- There's nothing in the world now that doesn't hold some... I know. It gets cold so fast. You'll get used to killing. Just forget about that mortal coil. You'll become accustomed to things all too quickly. The sun will destroy the blood I've given you. Every tissue, every vein. The fire in this lantern could do that too. You must get into it. It's the only safe place for you when the light comes. Give it time. You're like a man who loses a limb and still imagines he feels pain. It will pass. And we must sleep now. I can feel the sun approaching. Yes, that's you, my handsome friend. And you'll look that way till the stars fall from heaven. You've killed Louis. And enjoyed it. You have fed. You were made for this... Forget the crucifix. Take him. Take him. Come, you're going to feed now. You're body's dying. Pay no attention. It will take twenty minutes at most. You're sure? Did I hear a yes? You asked for death. I didn't promise it - You really want to be with them? Because you're as strong as I was when I was alive. Your perfect. Your bitter and you're strong. I wish I were. But if I were, what would I want with you? Don't worry. He was white trash, they come at two a penny. I dumped him in the swamp and untied the slave, licked his wounds clean. You've just done it - Let's call that a start. Call him. You let your overseer run riot, work your slaves to the bone. We'll start with him. Vampires. We thrive on blood. You have to ask me for this. You have to want it, do you hear me? They are gone, Louis. Death took them. Death which you can now destroy... I've come to answer your prayers. You want to die, don't you? Life has no meaning anymore, does it? You're not afraid of anything, are you? And a beautiful house it is too. Yours is a good life, isn't it? You want death? Is it death you want? They would have killed you -What a pair we are. We deserve each other, don't we? You were their leader. They trusted you. And yet you knew what I would o. You didn't even warm them, did you? I understand you only too well. You let them do it, as I let Lestat turn a child into a demon. As I let her rip Lestat's heart to pieces! Well I am no longer that passive fool that has spun evil from evil till the web traps the one who made it. Your melancholy spirit of this century! I know what I must do. And i warn you - you saved me tonight, so I return the favour - do not go near your cell in the Theatre Des Vampires again. You held sway over them. They feared you. You wanted it to happen. You let them do it. I don't believe you. I do not have to read your soul to know that you lie. You can't believe I'd leave without her. Armand! You must save her! You have no choice. Not without Claudia. Where is she? Where is she? Where's Claudia? Lestat! You knew Lestat! Yes... My God... And the vampires of the Theatre? That's what the one who made me said. We can do that? You said there were none. Then I leave too. We want no quarrel with him. Then blame the one who made her... But why? I'm not innocent. But I'm afraid. She feels she's in danger from the others. No, my beloved, my child. Claudia is dear to me. My... daughter. Listen to me. He knew nothing. He just didn't care. My God... So it's as I always feared. Nothing, leading to nothing. And no vampire here has discourse with God or the Devil? Then God does not exist... Then there is nothing. You mean we are not children of Satan? But the one who made him, who made the one who made him, the source of all this evil... Who made us what we are? What are we? So you have the answers... Are you the leader of tis group? We had feared we were the only ones... Your lips, they didn't move. Monstrous. What died tonight inside that room was not that woman. It will take her many nights to die, perhaps yeaars. What has died in that room tonight is the last vestige in me of what was human. Bear me no ill will, my love. We are now even. It's only mortal death. She is dying. It happened to you too, but your child's mind can't remember. Yes... Don't make me, Claudia! I cannot do it! How do we seem to you? Do you think us beautiful, magical, our white skin, our fierce eyes? Drink, you ask me! Have you any idea of the thing you will become? He can protect us, Claudia. So you felt it too! That's not so. Never. Love holds you to me. And we are in danger, not you. Do you think I would let them harm you? What danger? I've seen enough of this! I loathe it! This is monstrous! This is no performance. No. She's frightened. She doesn't know where she is. They use no paint. And the audience think it is paint. They are here. I know they are. Listen for something that doesn't make a sound. Nonsense all right. But something tell me it's going to be the strangest nonsense we've ever seen. Come, Claudia... You know her? You are neither, Claudia. Now stop this -- You are more beautiful than any of them. Claudia, you torture yourself. It was something hurries...and seldom savoured... something acute that was quickly lost. It was the pale shadow of killing. Yes. Yes... Still my beautiful child. Not yet. It can't be - The workmen must have a trunk - don't stop, cherie - Hush, Claudia, hush now my dear - And you never cried - I can't. Go away from me. Then maybe so do we. Every night of our lives. He was my brother. My maker. He gave me this life, whatever it is. And suppose the one who made him knows nothing and the vampire who made him knows nothing, and it goes back, nothing proceeding from nothing, until there is nothing! And we must live with the knowledge that there is no knowledge. Don't mock, Claudia... He's dead, Claudia, dead. Lestat. Oh, God forgive us. He'll never let us go. I took your life. He gave you another one. And he found me with you. I ran, sickened at what I'd done. Then he cut his wrist and fed you from him. I tried to stop him, but you were a vampire then. And have been every night hereafter. You see the old woman? That will never happen to you. You'll never grow old. You will never die. We're immortal. You've always known that. Claudia - don't - Claudia! You did that? Hush, Claudia don't talk about such things. Show me your book. He jests. Lestat taught you all you need to know about that. How did you learn to write, Claudia? What have you done? You have it... I tried... Yes. I remember... I have to go now Lestat... It's false light, Lestat. It can't harm you... And they frighten you? It's only a siren... Don't fear me, Lestat. I bring you no harm. That's all past, Lestat. Don't try to speak... it's alright... CLAUDIA!!! Are you mad???? Claudia! Don't do this thing!!! She would sleep in my coffin, daily, curl her child's fingers round my hair as she dreamt of I know not what... You are the devil! You are the instrument of Satan! You are the devil! You are the instrument of Satan! Lestat, what do you mean? I didn't want to kill her. Lestat! What are you saying? Is God merciless? Greedy and cruel? Oh God Lestat. I felt peace. I felt an end to the craving. No... My God... to think you... are all I have to learn from... NO!!! Lestat - finish this - Why do you do this Lestat? The girl, Lestat - Lestat, she's alive!!!! I don't pretend to know. I'm not interested in you. You disgust me. I'm interested in my own nature and know I can't trust you to tell me the truth about me. We belong in hell. Where are we? What you wouldn't do. It's almost sunrise. It will be the sun or the fire. You said they can kill me. The sun or the fire! I respect life, don't you see? For each and every human life I have respect. They know about us. They see us dine on empty plates and drink from empty glasses. But you must know something about the meaning of it all, you must know where we come from, why we... Tell me about him. You must have lernt something from him! It had to happen for you as it did for me! Paris? You came from Paris? What have you done to me? You've condemned me to hell. I can't. But how do you know? Have you ever been caught? But we can live without taking human life. It's possible. Fascination... We can live like this? Off the blood of animals? Do you think so? And if I don't? It can't be... Dear God, what have I done? What have I done? The crucifix - I want a woman. Dying? Sure... Yes... Yes. Kill me. Kill me like you promised - But why do you want me? I can't go through with it, I tell you. You're the devil, aren't you? That's who you are. Kill me if you will, but I can't do this... I can't do it. How do you mean, start? I want it! Give it to me!!! NO!!!!! Diane!!!! What do you want from me? Why should I be? Who the hell are you? What are you doing in my house? Yes... Then my luck would have changed. Don't say anymore. The reels are still turning. I have but one chance to show you the meaning of what I've said. Dear God. I've failed again, haven't I? Is this what you want? You ask me for this after all I've told you? It's over, I'm telling you... But it has. There is no more to tell. He hadn't even been there. And all those years I thought he was dead. Fictions, my friend. The vulgar fictions of a demented Irishman... So we repaired to Paris... Peasant rumours, superstitions about garlic, crosses, stakes in the hear, all that - how do you say again? Bull shit. But one of our kind? Not a whisper. He was dead to us. We were free. That was all that mattered. Where would she have gone? She was a child, and beautiful, heartbreaking merciless child. And I had made her that... How could I not? She had to know. Perhaps. He knew me. He knew I would love her more than the waking world. But there was more to it than that. Perhaps in the end he did it -- to show me that he could. For he lavished affection on her, there was no doubt about that. Life was very different with madame Claudia, as you can imagine... Shall we go on? I was human then. Might as well ask can an angel feel love. Both are blesses or cursed with a certain... detachment. Though whether angels take as long to learn it as I, I will never know. Can a vampire feel love? Coffins... coffins unfortunately are a necessity... The same. As you would say today... Bull shit. Nonsense, my friend. I can look on anything I like. And I am particularly fond of looking on crucifixes. Oh, that rumour about crosses? But times were different then. I was a man at that age. The master of a large plantation just south of New Orleans... Why should I lie? 1791 was the year it happened. I was twenty-four - younger than you are now. What can I do to put you at ease? Shall we begin like David Copperfield? I am born, I grow up. Or shall we begin when I was born to darkness, as I call it. That's really where we should start, don't you think? The same way you do it. A series of simple gestures. Only I moved too fast for you to see. I'm flesh and blood, you see. But not human. I haven't been human for two hundred years. We love it. I only wanted to prepare you. We can't begin this way. Let me turn on the light. Yes but you needn't worry about that now. Things change. Perhaps lucky for both of us. Absolutely. I was watching you watching me. I was waiting for you in that alleyway. And then you began to speak. I'm a vampire. It's just a room... You followed me here, didn't you? You'd have to have a lot of tape for my story. I've had a very unusual life. So you want me to tell you the story of my life... Look at the gaslight. Don't tke your eyes off it. You will be drained to the point of death, but you must stay alive. Do you hear me? And the child who did die? What do you think she is, Madeleine? A doll? And you know what you ask for? You promise to care for her then? You haven't the vaguest conception under God of what you ask!No... If I could see what you've seen, feel what you've felt I wouldn't let it end like this! You need a like to the world out there, a connection... then it won't end like this... You need a new passion, Louis, a new reason to feel... what a story you've told, you don't understand yourself. But you talk about passion, about longing, about things I'll never know in my life! It's still inside you, in every syllable you speak! And then you tell me it ends like that? Just empty? No... it can't end like that... Lestat escaped the fire! No vampires in Transylvania? No Count Dracula? You found nothing? Did he die in the fire? And did you lose her? Did she go? But why did you tell her? He did it to make you stay with him! You loved your wife, surely. You loved Yvette... What about coffins? The story about stakes through the heart? You can't look at them... You said the slave had a crucifix... Yes. You're not lying to me, are you? How did you do that? But I thought vampires didn't like the light. You believe this, don't you? That you're a vampire? You really think... You were going to kill me? Drink my blood? Well, what a lucky break for me. See? I knew you were interesting. You mean this literally, I take it? So shall we begin? What do yo do? Saw you in the street outside. You seemed interesting. Is this where you live? So much the better. I've got a pocket full of tapes. That's what I do. I interview people. I collect lives. F.M. radio. F.F.R.C. I just interviewed a genuine hero, a cop who -Humph, meee?? My dear, this is not a country that rewards poetry, this is a country that rewards gas mileage, besides, people don't read poetry anymore, they watch television. Don't be a poet, be a TV repairman. Oh I doubt it...lectures are notoriously boring. I was drinking a little in those days. I'm drinking a little these days too. Ohhhhh. UCLA? My cardigan sweater period. No, no, no, I gave it up ten years ago...actually it gave me up. Oh, just put it over there. No, I'm writing to the phone company because they keep charging me for calls to Caracas, Venezuela...do you know any know anybody in Caracas, Venezuela? You had to remind me?Don't mention it. Yeah, well I don't think you're very grateful. A lot of people in your position would say &quot;thank you&quot;. What are you gonna do? Tell them that...a polite person helped carry your bag? My only problem is that your Uncle Phil is giving me five bucks to pick you up but I don't get paid 'till delivery. Well if I was looking for a victim, I definitely wouldn't pick your Uncle Phil who outweighs me by about 150 pounds, besides, who would I ask for ransom? You?? Hey relax, you think I kidnapped him or something? Your Uncle Phil told me. You're Vada right? Excuse me I asked you a question.Me, I'll know! You're still asking me to break the law. I think the phrase was &quot;Sleazoid Geek&quot;. I thought I told you to lose this guy. What about living in the real world pal? Well maybe you should join a hippie commune. But let me tell you something. Sooner or later it's gonna be your turn to take out the garbage. I would do it again in a minute. Hello, I'm gonna need this right now...this guy...well we think he might be going after the governor. Twenty minutes? Fine. Could you hold on for a second? Pommeroy...he may or may not be driving a black 54 Ford Pickup. Monday. Yeah, this is Sergeant Tanaka from Holenbeck, I need a current address for a Jeffrey.... I'm not authorized to trace licenses for civilians. Everyone was really surprised when Maggie was turned in, she got kicked out for two weeks. She was the uhh...first girl ever suspended for smoking. You kidding? he picks up a picture and shows Vada and Nick Well, we worked on the school paper together. I remember when the Legion of Decency declared Rebel without a Cause unfit...boy...that Jim Backers, what an actor uh? What an actor. It's too bad about your mom. At least she went peacefully, I've seen a lot of people go out the hard way.You can do anything you want. You're his sister. Uh huh, a boy, you've got a new brother. She just had a baby that's all. I love you too sweetie, bye. Oh she's fine...ahh...umm the doctor just...ehh...told her to stay in bed and get a little rest and...'n stay quiet...just...just to make sure that... Ask him if he needs a good tuba player. Totally groovy huh? Good! You should go over and watch some Ted Carson. Hi honey. Hello? Sultenfuss Parlor. Have fun. Thanks, I needed that. It means...I'm a paranoid nitwit who's never let his baby girl out of his sight for the simple reason he's a paranoid nitwit. So why don't you just say &quot;Oh Dad&quot; and get on the damn plane already? And no boys, promise me, oh those LA people are all so corrupt you'll end up pregnant and on drugs...and don't come running to me when you wake up in the city morgue with a tag on your toe having been beaten up into an unrecognizable pulp by some surfer...and DON'T make eye contact, it communicates an implied vulnerability. What?? Honey I know it's fun to think about these things but.... Of course. Oh yes, lovely funeral, Gernaldi brothers did a beautiful job, lots of pink roses...I used the white hearse. Hey, how about this flowered wallpaper for your room? She was talented, but honey I wish I could help you a little more, it's just that your mother and I had kind of a whirlwind courtship, she came to town with this traveling theater group, I proposed on our second date, two weeks later we were married and almost nine months later you were here and she was gone. Well, I kinda just blurted it out over a root beer float. Okay, we need wallpaper paste. Hey Cece! Her favorite poet. Honey, ahh, guys don't wanna appear over anxious, so if you think there's a boy that might like you, let him know that you like him, so he won't feel he's taking such a risk when he's thinking of asking you out. What boy likes you? Great. Seriously? Oh yeah, right-between the power mower and the weed killer. Hey, why don't you just keep your room and we'll put the baby in the back yard. Honey that's very mature, I'm proud of you Vada. Ahh, strike, not, not bad at all. No, this talk isn't about sex, it's, well there've been a lot of changes, and I know you're upset about losing your room, but the baby's gotta go somewhere. She told me too, I mean, she told me she told you about sex, I personally new about sex long before I met Shelly. No, I just thought it'd be nice if the two of us had an evening out so we could... talk. Me? What makes you think there's something on my mind? Well you know what I mean. Okay thanks, atta girl. Well not far, just down the hall. Plus Grammoo's room's a lot bigger, and you get a view of the whole neighborhood. Well the thing is your room is right next door to ours, and so we thought, well, I thought, if you were willing we might move you to Grammoo's room, and use your old room for the nursery. See we're gonna be up half the night with a newborn and there'll be a lot of noise.... I got a card from your Uncle Phil in Los Angeles today, said he went body surfing. Vada, try to scrunch these chairs together a little more. Maybe he's hungry. I'm sorry I couldn't come pick you up honey. Reason? What reason? I really think we're going overboard for just a simple school assignment. Yeah and they forgot to ask for one who wasn't having hormone surges. Disaster, disaster lurks behind every palm tree. She can spread her wings, right here in Pennsylvania. You don't send a child alone to Los Angeles, she could come back with her ears pierced, her legs shaved and God knows what else. Ah, well, I bought her this huge pumpkin for Halloween, but she couldn't bear to carve it so she saved it for weeks, and it ended up under the Christmas tree. I told you about the pumpkin didn't I? How about a nice glass of milk? Well if there was an article about it I'm sure she did. She was always reading. Oh, Shell, that's ridiculous, where are my needle nosed pliers? Oh, she's fine, she'll love her new room. Vada I wanna ask you a favor, remember you can absolutely say no if you want to. Well you should at least try a little bit. Hey you're not eating your meatloaf.She didn't wanna miss out on anything...especially motherhood...it got to be a real problem with us. Maggie wanted to have a baby...and...umm...I didn't. Honey I'd be proud to be your father, really. It just isn't so. Wait...woah...woah...wait a minute...Do you think I'm your father? I'd say you turned out just fine. Well I didn't know about you until after she was gone. It's good to see Maggie again...and you. Would you like...eh...to have these movies? We performed on the beach one summer...ha...everything went wrong. I've got something better. Well, we didn't have a camera...so she just wrote the date on the bag and said, &quot;This will be out wedding album, this will be a day we will never forget.&quot; We never did. I'll try. Yeah like, switching a lamp on and off when she was talking about lightning...audiences love stuff like that. And your mom knew how to work an audience. That's all right, you know what? You sound just sounded just like your mother...she told great stories. Stories with crazy accents and...special effects. Hillary Mitchell? How's she? Yeah, come on, let's talk. I'm glad you're here. Does she? Umm...can you come in for a minute? I was hoping I'd get to meet you. Maggie...Maggie's little girl. Sure am, who are you?All right, so when did she have you between all her acting and spying and getting caught? Oh please, who do you think you're kidding? And where did she spy on the Russians from, here in Pennsylvania?? You're crazy, what was her big achievement? Did she invent gravity? Vada, he was giving you an easy out so you wouldn't have to write about your mother. Well if it isn't Vada, the grasshopper girl. Is it okay if I drink this?I'm Sam Helburn. Sam. Then I have come to the right place. Ehh...I'm staying at the chateau and the guy who runs the garage there said that you're the best Jag people in town...so uhm. Hi. Hi there...can I help you? If you're selling Girl Scout cookies I'm borderline diabetic. Happy hunting. If it's in here at all, it's in the back two rows. It's no problem, I had a mother once myself.I'm sure she did. You know I've been re-reading Virginia Woolf, I think she'd be a natural for you, she led a fascinating life. Hey Vada. How's your report coming? Your mother? Vada what about you, who have you come up with? Vada?So charge him with something...who's gonna know? I'm sorry okay...we gotta find this guy because...he knew Vada's mom and he could tell her stuff that no one else knows. Look, sergeant I know I said some things last time that I shouldn't have said at all but... Give us a break. All you have to do is make a phone call. What about giving the other guy a break. What kind of sleazoid geek would turn her in? MOM! You're over reacting! If the fruit burst into flames I'll be prepared. I won't. I want juice! I...ahhh...umm...I'm thirsty. But we made a business deal. Thanks Good-bye, look in your backpack. No? Write me a poem? Part adventure...part miracle. I wouldn't say it was terrible...it was...kind of... Some sacrifices are worth it. You better ace it...you sacrificed our whole vacation. Yeah? That thing you said about your nose...it was a stranger's nose...well it's not...it's...I mean...it's yours...you know? Like what? He's an undertaker. No...it was me. And I'm sorry mom, really, ju...just tell me what to do, I'll do anything. I already did, it's a totally barbaric custom...but on you, it looks good. Good. I mean... But we wouldn't really be related right? And you'd be my cousin? This is a totally barbaric custom. What do you think? Big deal. I'm afraid your feet won't fit in there. Here's Judy Garland! Never heard of her. You mean, this ring? It's dangerous!! What are you doing? You can't go in there! Where are you going??? It was an accident, I'll get you a new one. ...I dropped it. Uh oh... Woah, watch it! Just come and get it...right here! Come and get it. Hey relax, I'm not gonna break it. I'm not gonna break it, I just wanna see it change colors. Maybe it'll fit my pinkie. Let me see if it changes colors on me. Do you think your friend's up in Heaven now, looking down on you and watching you all the time? Boyfriend? Does it work? Hey what do I care...I mean, consider the sorts, a chick from Pennsylvania, who wears a mood ring. You are weird. Let's just go. Look at it this way, however bad I feel, it isn't as bad as becoming extinct in a bottomless pit of tar. If he has a heart attack you're carrying the body down yourself. Boy, you're really into this. Just call us the &quot;dead end kids&quot;. You'd rather have a mother that's a member of the police state? Rules are made to be broken. Just ask him. I think it's cool. Care for a smoke? Who are you? Hitler's hall monitor? You saved a lot of lives, you should be very proud. What if you don't wanna be found? What, you think the guy should change his name? Get married? Don't forget, the girls change their names if they got married. I love the fragrance of chilidogs. Yearbooks always set you out for disappointment, I want mine to say: Nick probably won't amount to much, so don't be surprised if you never hear anything about him again. Can we go?...It smells like someone left their gym bag in here. A big difference, if someone found it we should keep looking, if they didn't we're just wasting our time. I never did understand that story, did someone find the needle or not? I don't mean to alarm you, but I'm getting a nose bleed from the altitude. Calm down! We just have to ask ourselves, where your books come from. Vada. They obviously have no sense of historical perspective either. Getting off please. I didn't ask for the money, Phil just gave it to me. You know eavesdropping is a very unattractive habit. And you're gonna solve the mystery? TAXI!!! Yeah, RIGHT. No THANKS! Phil, I think you should consider... fades as Vada walks off No problem. Wow! What's it for? What's that? Muh??You're a good man Nicholas. Well I know you're not crazy about taking Vada around tomorrow, so...I just want you to know I appreciate it though. For the mini-bike fund. Ten bucks. I'd consider it a personal favor. Rose this not the place to be having this... You stay out of this, look, if I had a red XK-150 with a black interior, I sure as hell wouldn't be handing out relationship advice. Who cares? Rose, tell him we have an arrangement. Okay, that does it, that does it, the strudel does it, first it's brakes then.... I mean I am not gonna let some Podiatrist with a Jaguar full of strudel come waltzing in here and.... Doctor Helburn, what a surprise. In the last couple of days we've changed your oil, realigned your brakes, balanced and rotated your tires, aligned your front end, and flushed out your entire cooling system, I really didn't expect to be seeing you for another three thousand miles. Was Rose. Sounds great, well you give 'em both one of these for me. No, you're the best and I don't want you talking to anybody on the plane. Okay...take your time...I'll...I'll go for a walk around. You want me to come with? This is it I guess. Then again, your dad's got his own memories and he's got his own life now...I think this is a secret just between you and your mom. I don't know, he's got an awful lot on his mind right now. Then we'll keep driving...you'll decide. How's this for a solution. We'll take a drive over to his place, you can introduce yourself.... Uhh sweetie, I wou... I wou...I wou... Lock the door. I'll do better than that. I'll send you off with your own private guide. Vada, I know that traditionally you're not supposed to do a lot of these things before you're officially married...but these are very, very special circumstances. Yes, it does. Committed. That's ridiculous, I'm...I'm very, umm, what do you call it? Dating, seriously dating. You're thirsty, want something to drink? Sure you do, it's been a long trip. Ahh, that's right, like one big happy family. This is Nick's room and uhh.... Uh huh, well...good to know. Phil hands Nick a 5 note How about Nick? Did he take good care of you? Vada!! Vada runs and jumps into Phil's arms Look at you, oh hi, hi, hi!! How are you? You look great, how's Shelly? Your dad? Is that a yes? You know how I feel about you. You know exactly...what kind it is. Come on Rose...what do you want from me? Wha...what do you mean? We have a date every night. Wait, are you saying that I don't appreciate? You know where the fire extinguisher is. We may go out for coffee after the meeting so don't expect us before midnight. Anyone with taste, anyone with breeding.... A gentleman, would choose British racing green, with maybe a tan interior...but when you buy a red car, with a black interior and wire wheels, you have one thing on your mind and one thing only and I'm too much of a gentleman to say what that one thing is...in front of the children. Hi! Oh...what's that? God? No I didn't think you'd want to invoke God Rose, because he saw even more than I did. ROSE Look Phil, if you want the rights of a husband, you're gonna have to ask me something but if not, you're gonna have to get accustomed to the rights of what you are. He was caressing. What's with the touching, why was he touching you? Oh I see, 'cause usually that doesn't require such a lengthy consultation. Then you'll be all set. Come on...I'll show you where you're gonna stay. Who knew that when I started working in the finest foreign car shop in LA, I would also find the light of my life.I don't think the color of the interior is.... And you certainly shouldn't settle for anything less that you deserve. Well, wha...what kind of arrangement? I'm not a Podiatrist, I'm a Cardiologist. Oh what can I say Phil, it's just that I feel so welcome here. Well Rose was being very thorough. I'll see you then...I look forward to it. Ahh, why don't I come in first thing in the morning and you can check out that left blinker for me. Hungarian. Famous for their beautiful music...and beautiful women. All right, so you don't like jewelry but...eh...you do like...eh...good music. Liszt, one of my favorites. Where I come from, involvement...generally calls for a substantial piece of jewelry. Sort of? You couldn't? Well, even without anesthesia I always tell my patients to...eh... to relax. Something wrong? Good morning. I'll be here. ...so I guess I'll always...teach...you know...'cause it makes a good relief from the operating-room, I feel I have an obligation... ...It's all in the hands really. You know you have nice hands, you operate? Mostly...little babies, but...not exclusively. I'm a pediatric cardiologist. I was commenting on your hair. Oh, ahh, oil change, I...ehh...I just drove in from Chicago and uhh...nice hair. Nothing, nothing at all.I would have tried to show her a good time. I promised her when she left that I would never forget her and I never did. Stanley Rosenfeld does not forget. No it doesn't but... I...I wish it did. Everybody did, walk along Citrus between Fountain and Sunset any afternoon. He is? Beidermeyer that's it, what a mad man. Who didn't? She could play basketball like Jerry West, she danced like Sid Cherice, then she'd look at you with those big blue eyes, forget about it. I asked her out a couple of times but she always said no.Now that you bring it up, yes. They were different men. I hadn't really thought that much about it. Since many psychiatric opinions are, by a rule, sought out for this kind of situation. What do you think normally happens? The Knoxs are assigned a family psychologist that takes care of them throughout the rest of their lives? The state doesn't work like that. Using the same doctors is not common practice. The prison board and the doctors who examined them. What's changed, Mr. Gayle, is our minds. We felt they were competent a year ago. A year has passed, sir, a year where they were under close observation, day in and day out, and their behaviour has led us to believe we were wrong. Well, since that time, they've killed one person during their trail. And since their incarceration, they've killed one psychologist along with several guards and inmates. The prison board made the decision. A board of which I belong. We're the who. The why is simple. Mickey and Mallory are mentally ill and need to be under a doctor's care, where hopefully they'll receive the help they need. Because they wouldn't give them their blessing for marriage. Mickey's better half herself. Mallory Knox. This little lady drowned her father in a fish tank. You write the script Jack, call it, 'Showdown in Mojave: The extermination of Mickey and Mallory', whatever... Have we found our man? You're a breathing icon of justice and that's why you were chosen to deliver Mr. and Mrs. Knox. We, the prison board we, knows that once you get them on the road if anything should happen, an escape attempt, an accident, fire, anything...Jack 'Supercop' Scagnetti would be there to look out for his public's best interests. You're a celebrated cop. Twenty-six years on the force, a best-seller out on paperback... The public loves you Jack...You don't mind if I call you Jack, do you? You've heard of it? So can we. So the solution to our little problem is we had them deemed crazy. And we're shippin' 'em to Nystrom Asylum for the criminally insane. Look, our situation in a nutshell is, no prison wants 'em, no prison will take 'em. I'm even talkin' hellholes, where the warden's as hard as a bar of iron. No one wants those fuckin' assholes behind their walls, dealin' with 'em day in, day out. Five inmates, eight guards and one psychiatrist all in one year's time... Very good. You do keep up with the headlines. Susanville, Soledade. You been followin' the news coverage? Dewight McClusky of the California Prison Board. Take a seat please. Congratulations on the Curtis Fox case, Scagnetti. You put an end to a nightmare. The ladies of this city can get to sleep again, and they have you to thank.Thank you. Grace, there is one other thing... That means his hands are considered a weapon like a gun or a knife. Am I correct on that point? Point of fact, weren't Tim's hands registered as lethal weapons? So, I think it would be safe to say that anybody who studied the fighting style that Bruce Lee, arguably the greatest martial artist of all times, developed for nine years, that would be a fella who could defend himself. Would you describe Tim that way, Grace? Now, while I freely admit total ignorance on the subject, I have heard of Bruce Lee. And I was under the impression that Bruce Lee was one of the, if not the greatest fighter in the history of martial arts. Jeet Kune Do...Now I did some research on that form of fighting, and I found out that Jeet Kune Do was a style developed by Bruce Lee. Did you know that? Is that a fact? Well then, Grace, could you tell us what form of martial arts it was that Tim was schooled in? What was the color of Tim's belt? When you study the martial arts, they give out belts that come in different colors to signify what level you're at in your training. Am I correct on that point? More or less... No, but that don't mean much. I was a completely different person ten years ago. Let's give key lime a day in court. And a large glass of milk. I haven't had a key lime pie in ten years. Which do you recommend? What kind of pies do you have? I said we'd give you an interview. I never said we wouldn't kill you. Divine intervention. We still got a few tricks up our sleeves. Don't stop! By all means, knock yourself out. You got something you want to do? Now, when we get out there, you do what we say or it's curtains. If we say move, you move. If we say left, you move left. If we say right, you move right. If we say mole, you dig a hole. Got it? Grace. I'd like to talk to you about your murdered brother Tim, if you feel up to it. Okay, Wayne, step forward. You're taking us to that holding cell now. All right, Cut! Okay, buddy boy, where ya keepin' Mallory? I know she's still here, and I know you know where. So, start talking or my first work as a director will be your death scene. Did you ever see 'Eldorado?' Or what? You'll wound me? I can blow you in half and you know it. Looks like we got a Mexican standoff. ...one night I was asleep, and a noise wakes me up. I thought, 'Oh shit, somebody's broken in.' I didn't own a gun, so I go into the living room with a fucking umbrella. Okay, it turned out to be nothing. God made the noise. Who knows? Wagons, hooaaa! You ready, Donut? Even better. Wayne call your station, tell 'em we're going live a little early today. Make it happen! Do you have a back up. How is it? You guys stay on your bellies. Tough titty, it's mine now. There's a chocolate cream filled in there? What? Oh my God! Sorry. How come you never talk? Let's make a little music, Colorada. We are. Your camera. Just save your breath, Wayne. We hate you. If anybody in the fuckin' world deserves to die, it's you. No. Not really. I said I'd give you a interview. Now unless I'm mistaken, we just did a interview. We did an interview, didn't we? C'mon, c'mon, let's hurry this up. We ain't got all fuckin' day! Say it. Scream it. All the way out the front door and into your van. And if you stop screaming, I swear to God I'll blow your head off. ...'Winner of the Golden Globe and the Edward R. Murrow award among others.' Tell 'em the name of your personal lawyer, his firm, his address, and phone number. Tell 'em about the mayor and the unemployment lines. You getting the idea? 'Respected journalist'-- On your knees... 'Every week by forty million people. I am a respected journalist.' Have you won any awards? That's what I thought. You tell them that. When we go down those stairs, I want you to scream what you just told me. 'My name is Wayne Gayle! I am the star of American Maniacs watched every week by'-- how many people? Probably not, but we're gonna give it the old college try. No. Let me have the keys. Where's it parked? Okay, we're going out that door, and we're gonna march down the hall and right out of the building. Donut said something about a news van. Scott's dead. And unless you wanna play follow the leader, shut up and do as you're told. Donut, get your camera. See if it's broke. Now, I'm no comedian, but it's pretty funny. It's a Little Johnny joke. Now in the joke, Little Johnny can't talk. And Little Johnny's teenage sister asks her mother if she can go out on a date. You guys wanna hear a joke I heard? I could go for a Coke. Everybody thought I'd gone crazy. The cops, my mom, everybody. But you see, they all missed the point of the story. I wasn't crazy. But when I was holding the shotgun, it all became clear. I realized for the first time my one true calling in life. I'm a natural born killer. When have they ever been right? Says who? That's indescribable. Describe Mallory? Okay. She's pretty, she's got blonde hair, two eyes, two feet, two hands, ten fingers... I'm sure we will. It's not that easy, Wayne. Donuts and a smoke only get you so far. You're gonna have to do your job. You'll never understand. Me and you, Wayne, we're not even the same species. I used to be you...then I evolved. From where you're standing, you're a man. From where I'm standing, you're a ape. I'm here...I'm right here... and you...you're somewhere else, man. You say why? I say why not? That's only part of it. I mean, it's a big, big, big part. But it's only the chorus, it's not the whole song. Was an instant of purity worth a lifetime lie? Yeah, it was. Do you think up these questions or the girl with no tongue? Was what worth it? Of course, I miss Mallory. She's my wife. I haven't seen her in a long time. What a stupid question. What I did for fun for starters. Well, something I used to do...always was a lot of fun... No, scratch that. Let me think of something else. In fact, why don't we come back to that question. Ask me something else. Much obliged. What do I do for fun? Do you want to know what I do for fun or what I did for fun? Aside from the obvious? Let's do it. Don't worry about it. Let's discuss it when I'm unbound. Okay now, before we get started here, there's a few things we have to get clear about. I'm keen with anticipation. She sings? What does she sing? She doesn't talk? Have you talked to Mallory about this? Yeah, it's pretty hard to beat the king. How 'bout Manson? Good...yuppie piece of shit. How 'bout Ted Bundy? Ever do one on him? Whose ratings were higher? Did you ever do one on Wayne Gacy? Everybody knows who you are. You're famous.You made every day like kindergarten. Mickey, you're wasting time! If they stay, they'll catch you, and they don't have to catch you--- I can't run with you, Mickey! I really want to. If I could, I would, but I can't. I gotta stay here. But you can still get out of here. I can't go. I'm too fucked up.Yeah baby. I don't give a damn if a million United States marines, all whistling the halls of Montezuma, are gonna come marchin' down this alley any second. There ain't not fuckin' way in hell I'm leaving you. And that's that! No fuckin' way! No fuckin' way! No fuckin' way! I'm not saying it's not gonna hurt, but--Unfortunately, yes. They can't because neither knows if the other is a deranged senseless killer like the Knoxs. So, you may as well make the first move. It's like this, Wayne. Two people are standing in a dark room waiting for the other to attack. These two people can't see each other, yet they know they're there. Now, they can either stand in the dark room forever waiting until they die of boredom, or one of them can make the first move. Then you've seen the scene where Arnold Schwartzenegger is talking to Lou Ferigno. So, Mallory calls 911 and they took off. Apparently, they've seen all our films. And then Mallory stops Mickey and says, 'Hey, these are the Brothers Hun.' They had us tied down during one of their house raids, you've seen the headlines, and they were taking a chainsaw to our legs before they were gonna kill us. They're shocking the world into remembering the primal law. That's the Mickey and Mallory way. Yes. They've hypnotized the nation. Mickey and Mallory have that edge. He squashed him mentally before physically defeating him. And a snake-eye glare. Hypnotizing. I do, too.That's my opinion. I'll say enough to destroy this wing. It's hard to say Capt'n. Here. Here's the layout of the laundry room. Capt'n!Ready. It's video. Not good. Yes, sir. Look, I'll trade you. Yeah. Ya see, I ordered that special. Ah...fine. Let me make an adjustment here, and we'll be ready to rock 'n roll. Oh...uh, the dumbass at the donut place put a chocolate cream filled I asked for in your box. Anything. Say something. She was born without a tongue. Rockin'! Fine. Roger, what the hell are you doing? You're bothering the serial killer. Wayne--- So you're giving a man who butchers whole families, little babies included, my chocolate cream filled? What's the big deal? Take out my chocolate cream filled, put one of these roasted coconut--- That dumbass probably put my chocolate cream filled in there by mistake. I'm as serious about that as I am about going back to the donut store, and dipping that stupid Mexican's head into the batter for forgetting my chocolate cream filled. Gimme that other box. Now we got to film a new intro for the follow up episode. But we put the intro for the first episode at the beginning temporarily so you can see it with some scope. How immediate is immediately? This is Raymond Burr witnessing the destruction of Tokyo by Godzilla.Ain't love grand. Who's the song bird? I see. By all means. So, how do I fit into this scheme? Lobotomy Bay? I can appreciate that. They've killed a shitload of inmates and guards--- They've been separated since their incarceration in a couple of penitentiaries--- Who isn't? Thank you, sir. Yeah. She's in the holding cell, on this floor. What? I've never wounded anything in my life. I got you locked right between the eyes. Slide the shotgun over here, put your hands behind your head, put your forehead on the floor. How's it goin'? Yeah, sure. Nothing for me. I'm leavin'. Coolin' her jets in a holding cell. Waitin' in the lounge. Yeah, we met. They're good men. Yeah. Bus is all gassed up and ready to roll. You should see the other bitch. What time you got? Wayne Gayle! Who? And where do you keep Mickey? What's the travelling arrangements? Thanks.It's gonna be beautiful. Camera jam! I'm sorry Wayne. God. Rollin'...and speed! Perfecto! Okay. Well, basically, what we did was put part of the old show on first... When do you want the assembly? Would the network really not run it without the interview?They actually apologized. They were especially influenced by 'Conquering Huns of Neptune.' Mickey stops sawin' on my leg and says, 'Oh my God, I'm your biggest fan!' Just for fun, I guess. Survival of the fittest. That's the way of the world. Yes. Schwartzenegger was the king of the edge before they came along. Only on a much grander scale. He had the edge. The mind's edge. ---and a snake-eye glare, Arnold was able to totally psyche out any confidence Ferigno had. Through the power of the simple word--- Have you seen 'Pumping Iron?' I admire them. Never is a very long time, Wayne. A word only the weak use. I'm not a sore loser. Even if I don't have a leg to stand on, I'm going to get up and fight this world until I'm on top again. By taking away our legs. Now we have to fight harder to get ahead than anyone else you'll find in this gym. Probably the whole city. They gave us the fighting spirit. Before this happened I was content. Now I'm pissed off. Now I'm half a man and I've got to work like the devil to get whole again. They passed the 'edge' along to us. But you see, that's okay, Wayne. They're mesmerising.How do you intend to disappear? you're probably the most famous couple in America. Try to keep it to a minimum. Did you have anything to do with the riot in the laundry room? What did you think then? Mallory, what did you think of Mickey's plan? Did you think it would work? I take it by your answer it was a whole new team? Were any of the doctors who made the first evaluation on the Knoxs mental state asked to re-examine them? Who is we? When they were found competent before, they had already killed fifty people. Other than the fact they're a disciplinary problem, which frankly shouldn't surprise anyone, I still don't see where this situation is any different then it was before. So, I ask you again, Mr. McClusky, what's changed? Mickey and Mallory were deemed competent in a mental examination before their trial. I'm confused. What's changed? Why are Mickey and Mallory being moved to an asylum? And who made the decision? NO!!! Wait! You can't kill me. Mickey and Mallory always leave somebody alive to tell the tale. Don't touch those triggers! Please. I think I've already proven that a live Wayne Gayle is much more better that a dead...Way-- Gayle. I was your passport out of jail, not Duncan Homolka. But me! I'll be your passport outta--- ...developed between the three of us. We're kindda in this together, don't ya think? Just wait one fucking minute. So, what now? Without any further ado, Mickey and Mallory... Got it. Yes. Are you kidding? The Golden Globe, The Edward R. Murrow award... On average forty million. We'll all be killed. This is crazy. You can't escape like this. Mickey, can I talk to you alone? Out front. Yeah, we have a van. Let me check on Scott. He's hurt bad. Sure. Could I get a Coke for Mickey? Okay, let's cut it. Says the United States of America. Well, riddle me this, Batman. How do you feel about the fact that you're never gonna see Mallory again? Don't play dumb with me, Mickey. You know what I mean. Describe Mallory. What's up here? What's in here? Describe Mallory. Okay...okay...I'll buy that. We'll move on and come back later. Tell me about the purity. You just said an instant of purity was preferrable to a lifetime lie. I don't understand. What's so pure about forty-eight dead bodies? Please explain to me, Mickey, where's the purity that you couldn't live without in five year old Danny Millhouse's blown off head? Where's the purity in forty-eight people who are no longer on this planet because they met you and Mallory? What's so fucking pure about that? Excuse me, did you say an instant of purity? What was the instant of purity? The bodies you left behind on your bloody trail? No, Mickey, I can't let you get away with that shit. Answer the question. Was it worth it? You haven't seen, heard, or smelled Mallory in a year. Was it worth it? Was massacring all those people worth being separated from your wife for the rest of your life? Then was it worth it? Do you miss Mallory? What? Oh, aaahhh, what you did for fun for starters. So, Mickey, tell us what you do for fun. We're about ready to go here. Are you ready? Sorry about that. All right, Mickey. Mickey, how do you feel about cross- examining Grace Mulberry? Songs. 'He's A Rebel', 'Leader Of The Pack', 'Town Without Pity', that Dusty Springfield song 'I Only Want To Be With You'. That's what I hear anyway. Her behaviour was the main thing the doctors' report used against you. So even if she would see me, which she won't, I couldn't put her on camera anyway. If I ask her, 'Mallory, are you insane?' And she starts singing 'Dead Skunk In The Middle Of The Road', that blows our whole case. Not to anybody. She sings. She won't even see me, Mickey. Now you're not supposed to know anything about what's going on with her, but I'm gonna tell ya somethin'. Since you two've been sentenced, Mallory hasn't spoken one word. My problem Mickey, is that you don't exactly inspire empathy. I'm all alone on this. I need your help. I want what the prison board is doing to be the focus of our follow up episode. Now I have interviews with chairman of the prison board Dewight McClusky about this issue. And I'm tellin' ya, Mickey, he looks bad. The two psychologists they used for their psychiatric kangaroo court won't talk to us, which always looks bad. I have an interview with both the judge of your trial, Bert Steinsma, and the psychologist and author, Emil Reinghold, both of which discount the notion that you're insane. You put that all together, and what the state is doing becomes obvious. But the network isn't satisfied. They feel the show needs another element. It needs you. In order to put the show on the air, I need to get an interview with you. You haven't talked to the press since your trial. Now, a few days before you get transferred to an asylum, you grant an interview on television with Wayne Gayle. We're talkin' a media event here. Every son of a bitch out the with a TV set's gonna tune in to see that. We'll make their motives so blatant, we'll shame 'em into dropping the whole thing. At least for a little while, the publicity would keep them from just giving you and Mallory lobotomies. Well, whatta ya say? We've been waiting to do a follow up episode on you for a long time. And that time has definitely come. I feel it's apparent to anyone who's hip to what's going on that the prison board has thrown the constitution straight out the fuckin' window. You and Mallory may be killers, but you're not insane. You belong in a prison, not in an asylum. The prison board is blatantly railroading you into a hospital for the sole purpose of turning you into vegetables. Now some people are saying, 'So what?' I am not one of those people. If we avert our eyes while they do this to you, we give them permission to do it again whenever they see fit. Today they wipe clean your mind because they feel your actions are dangerous, tomorrow they wipe clean my mind because they feel what I say is dangerous. Where does it all stop? Manson beat you. What I'd like to do--- Yes. Yours got the larger Nielson share. Yours. Yes. The episode we did on Mickey and Mallory was one of our most popular ones. Hello Mickey. We've never been introduced, but I'm Wayne Gayle. I don't know if you've ever heard of me or remember me. I was one of the reporters outside the courthouse during your trial--- And they made the first move? Why can't they just shake hands and be friends? How can you say that you 'admire' them? Yes. Yes. Scotty? Roger? Roger, enough with the fucking donuts! What did I tell you. Stop bothering Mickey, and get behind your nagra. Roger, I'm starting to get pissed. Just drop this fuckin' donut shit, and gather your gear. Okay, guys, we're here. L.A. County Jail. Julie, just park in the front. Roger, do you understand what the word 'no' means? It's important we establish a rapport. Something as simple as a dozen donuts can mean the world to somebody who hasn't had a donut in a year. Roger, no. Huh uh. This dozen is for Mickey. You can't be serious? I hear ya. Play. Next week's episode. Drink up! This is a celebration. This is the day we received word we were gonna make television history. We're gonna have the first sit down, in depth interview with the most charismatic serial killer ever, one day before he's being shipped to a mental hospital for the rest of his life. This is one of those golden moments that happens maybe only four times in a lucky journalist's career. This is Wallace with Noriega, this is Elton John confessing his bi-sexuality to the Rolling Stone, this is the tearful reporting of the Hindenberg disaster, this is Truffaut setting the record straight on Hitchcock, this is a Robert Capa photo, this is Woodward and Bernstien meeting Deep Throat in an underground parking lot, this is John Reid reporting 'The Ten Days That Shook The World', this is the hippies' bloody palms at Kent State, the Maysles brothers at Altamont, this is the Nixon/Frost interviews... Super cool. This is great stuff. How ya doin'? Fucking dammit! Mickey hold onto that thought. Reload, quick! Slate it. How's it working, Scotty? Good work, my brothers. Fan-fuckin'- tastic! I think that interview stuff's too long, we can lose some of that. Keep the girls, keep the long hairs, keep the Hun brothers, keep the black guy, keep the movie shit, and keep the cop at the donut shop. Lose the rest. And cut the interview with the prison board fellow before that. Cut it after I ask, 'I take it by your answer it was a whole new team.' Don't even let him answer. Fuck him. Then cut to me talking about the two chicken shit psychiatrists and straight in Dr. Reinghold laughing. Okay, boys, let's have it. Tomorrow. So Unruly Julie's comin' with me and planning the interview. You two go down to the editing bay, take the old footage and the new footage, put it together, and see what we got. Get it into shape so when we finish the interview, we can just stick it in. Are you kidding? The last thing they expected was Mickey Knox to get up close and personal. They wanted a follow up episode and would've taken anything I had given them. I'm not gonna tell Mickey Knox that. I'm gonna make him think his grey matter depends on it. When I told Woody and the brass about this coup, they practically shit a brick. I'm talkin' an adobe brick. They want to expand the show to a hour, and they want it on immediately. We got tonight and tomorrow to get our shit together. The day after that they're shippin' Mallory. That's when we do the Mickey Knox interview, 'cause the next day he goes. But you'll never be whole again. How so? Why? But how can you say that? Could we go with you and film it? Fine. Julie, why don't you make a food run? What's around here? I didn't mean they were assholes. I mean if they're leaving, get 'em outta here. Chill out, Phill. Four deputies and you, I can live with that. We're about ready to go here, so let's get rid of these other assholes. Why don't we make it three deputies and you? So we got a deal. Four deputies--- Three. No, no, no, no, no, no, I mean only two guys. Two guys? Phil, I'm just scared he's gonna clam up on me with all these sheriffs all over the place. They hate him. He hates them. What kinda intimacy am I gonna create with all this hate in the air. Even you and I feel it. We got one...two...three...four ...five...six...seven...eight. I mean Jesus Christ, Phil, that's too much. Let's lose some of these guys. One...I can take care of myself. I grew up in a tough neighbourhood, and I've handled some pretty rough customers in my day. Mickey Knox doesn't scare me. Two...I'm a journalist, and I'm prepared to take that risk. Three...it ain't gonna happen. Believe me when I tell you, it is in Mickey Knox's own best interest to play this game according to Hoyle. Wait a minute. We've gotten into a advisory relationship here, which is not what I want. But seriously, Phil, look at this. Don't recite the fact to me. I'm sure I know 'em better than you do. Mr. Wurlitzer, I assure you, I am very familiar with Mickey Knox's career. Lose 'em. They got a asshole over here. A asshole sitting down reading a magazine over there. A asshole perched up there. Assholes everywhere. Hey, maybe if we were doin' that kiss, kiss, bang, bang stuff we'd need all those assholes, too. What we're about is intimacy. We're about two people having a conversation. Say I was interviewing you. All I want you to worry about is what I ask you. I want a trust to develop. If you're thinking about all this... ...you're not going to relax, a trust won't develop, we'll be talking a each other instead of to each other, there will be no chance for intimacy. See what I mean? It's a funny business, isn't it? Well...small world. Well, then, you know firsthand how Hollywood does things. Lights all over the place, generators, a hundred and fifty crew members--- Really? Now, Phil, I don't know if you've ever been on a set before--- Just a little nickname. Yep, they're my kids and they're all I need. After working together these past coupla years, we're like well-oiled machinery. No, more like a Formula race car. No, scratch that one, too. What we're really like is a Swiss watch. Small, intricate, compact...it shouldn't work as well as it does, but it does. Because of the craftsmanship, the expertise, and the artist's loving hand. Scott, genius cameraman, Roger, magician with sound. Unruly Julie, I could sooner do without my arm than Unruly Julie. You met the kids I have working for me? Great bunch, aren't they? Everything's coming along just fine. Phil, I wanted to know if I could have a small word with you. That sounds great. Look, I don't want any of this to intimidate you. This is not going to be a big deal. This is going to be very easy. I need to talk with Mr. Wurlitzer. You guys get your equipment ready, power up the van and confirm a transmission code for the remote. Julie come with me. Same here. Let me introduce my crew. Scott...Roger...and Unruly Julie ...this is...I'm sorry. What's your title again?Jesus... The entire wing? Take a wild stab! What do you think, Pitney? How much Explosives do you think that they really have in there? Where do the air ducts lead? I want two men stationed in that tier, and I want men with rifles all along the walkway. I'm taking one of these men. Yates, come with me. Jack, could you stay up here for a while? Me, neither. I don't eat meat. How 'bout Mallory? They're real Goddamn good. They'll be there for when ya need 'em. Where are they? I assigned you Bingham and Washington to go along. Are you all set? Two-thirty. Shhh... What the hell happened to you? Wayne Gayle. We got his stinkin' ass in the deepest, darkest cell in the whole place. But it just so happens that right now he's got a special visitor. Well, Mickey and Mallory can't be together. So, we'll put you on one of our prison busses and you'll take Mallory first, then you'll come back for Mickey. Pleased to meet ya, Jack. I read your book. I'm impressed. Good work on Curtis Fox. Stay up here and finish your interview, I've got to see what the hell's going on down there before I can take responsibility for you to film there. I'm not running out and getting that piece of shit a Coke. Don't call my men assholes. Why don't I have Mickey thrown back into his cell and we can forget the whole thing? And me. I'll cut it in half. Four guys, but that's it. I can't do that. Five guys. Okay. I'll take two guys off. What are we talking about? Wayne, if it was anybody else--- Well, let me let you in on one more fact you obviously don't know. If I were to take my men away, Mickey Knox would snap your neck like a twig. Since he and his wife have been in custody, they've killed--- Mr. Gayle, do you have the slightest idea how dangerous Knox is? Well, just what the hell do you expect me to do? It sure is. Oh, that 'Dukes of Hazzard' show, there was probably ninety-five people there, maybe more. I was on the 'Dukes of Hazzard' set about eight years ago. Ya know, I was. I see. Is that her real name? Oh yes, indeed. Top flight. By all means. How's everything coming, Mr. Gayle? I'm the superintendent here at L.A. County Jail. Me and my deputies are who you'll be working with while you're here. Hello, Mr. Gayle. I'm Phil Wurlitzer. We talked on the phone. It's a pleasure to meet you.Your grandmother? Your mother. She was your sister. Si. He is your husband, no?You didn't have that with you before. Prima non l'aveva con se. Okay, ma'am, just a moment. Great. Because, like I said, until you find it, we can't let you on the plane. I'm sorry, but without a boarding pass we can't let you on the plane. May I see your boarding pass, please?He said he thinks a woman he works with knows him. Her name's Anna. But she won't be in 'til tomorrow. Why? Once they pay the bill, we don't usually follow them. I'm very sorry. Perhaps you misunderstood? Mr. Bradley left about a half hour ago. He said his plans had changed unexpectedly. Would you prefer an interior or exterior room? Buona notte.Did he do some anonymous good deed for her? Is he some kind of celebrity or something? Were they pen pals? Seriously. No, really. What's she doing? What for? What's she doing? So, what's the story with your friend?Your great aunt. Let's face it. Sooner or later we all die. I don't get it. She hasn't seen her since she was a kid, now just because she's dying, all of the sudden she's gotta see her again?A restaurant. In Piazza Navona. ...has a prior commitment. Ha un numero di telefono? No. Sa dov'e' lui? A very large pig. Huh? You think I'm just one of those Italian Casanovas. The guys who try to seduce every woman who comes their way. Who prey on unhappily married women. Who lure unsuspecting-- You don't have to go if you don't want to... I thank you. What do the years matter? I've known you for centuries... You see, in America they care for work, they live to work. But in Italy, they care for food, for love, for pleasure... It's siesta. Oh, hello. I just came by to see if you wanted to join me for a drink, but-- Oh. A pig! A pig! She's saying he's a pig. She's saying he's a-- a-- porco. This is your most lucky day. My family runs a pension not three blocks from here. You are looking for a place to stay, no, Kate? And you are?...Let's face it. You want me. So, what are we waiting for? A few times. It's kind of an annual tradi-- Mommy, this is Faith. Faith, this is my mother. So what do you think? Hmmmm... Well, the scampi sounds good... Nothing. Prices are a little steep here, aren't they? And more... Really... You know, I noticed you out at the pool even before we spoke. I could sense the chemistry between us. Brunello di Montalcino, '85, please. It's a pleasure to meet you, Faith. Aren't you going to tell me who you are? Wait. I'll look forward to it. Sure. Well, not exactly... Tonight? Just since yesterday. Sure is. Hello. Uh huh.What great aunt? Who's dying? Exactly. She's been acting weird lately, though. I shoulda seen it coming. Babbling on and on and on about "communication". Like I don't know how to communicate. But Faith-- But, Faith-- Faith, this guy you think is Mr. Right, he's... not what you think-- No. Okaaaaayyyy. Yeah, but, what if he doesn't live here? Like, what if he's a cannibal in New Guinea or something? Yeah, but, what if this guy lived a billion, trillion years ago? Like, what if he was a cave man, and now he's dead? I'M NOT PUSHING IT. She didn't give me a chance. She said she knew where to find him, and then she grabbed my car keys, and-- Yeah-- I came after the woman I love. I can't tell her. She's called off her wedding. She'll never speak to me again. It was a harmless little prank. Who in the world would've thought she'd spend her life waiting for this guy? I thought she'd get a kick out of it. He existed. He was some kid I knew from Little League. He was a real jerk. You say he's a friend of Dwayne's? It was just a joke. I was pushing the arrow. I wanted to get to the next question. I wanted to find out who was gonna win the Series. Damon Bradley? That's why you're here? You used to love it when I called you doll. We're all desperate for the money, doll. That's what made this country great. Back me up on this Candy, am I right? It's not exploitation. These people wanna sell and I wanna buy. How are golf clubs exploitation? She takes one night class and suddenly she's a socialist. And we didn't have to bring another present? This is the last one before the wedding, right? Well, there's nothing here to eat. Uh, yeah. Sure. Honey, did you forget the guys are coming over tonight? Kate, you're still there? I thought you'd be on your way home by now.Beautiful women who could lure men to their destruction with their singing. Nobody's ever really seen them and lived to tell about it. But, I don't know. An awful lot of ships wrecked on those rocks. Lots of history. For example, did you know, according to legend, this coastline used to harbor Sirens? Smoking or non-smoking? It's an amazing place, don't you think? I take it things didn't work out between the two of you? Thanks. My picture's up? It was the moth stuff that gave it away, didn't it? I knew that was too much. Hi there...I was hoping for the real thing. Look, I just thought if you finally got rid of this obsession with this name, if you could get it out of your system once and for all, then maybe you'd be able to stop waiting and open your heart to someone real. Granted, ideally, me. I didn't do it to hurt you. I did it for you. I did it for us... If you had wanted to, you'd have gone home. And this is the thanks I get. I did you a favor. You never wanted to marry that joker in the first place. Really?... Very funny. Yes. I'm crazy. You have driven me crazy. No one in their right mind would go to this much trouble to win over someone as insane as you. Did it ever, even for one second, occur to you how much work it was to set all this up? How many arrangements had to be made? How many players had to be coordinated? Don't you think you're overreacting just a little here? We're talking about love, okay? Let's be rational. What would you call it? As I recall, you were on your way home. And I didn't want you to go so, yes, I told you a little white lie. I sabotaged it? You're the one who lost him, remember? And I can't believe you are so stubborn and so blind as to let some stranger, some phantom you've never even met destroy it. Alright. The truth is... I thought we had something here. I don't know what you're talking about. Who told you that? Reptilian swine. There's no such thing. Reptiles aren't swine. There's no such thing. I'd call that a yes. Do I get a hint? Is something the matter? Okay. I'll meet you at the dock in ten minutes. You can't come to Southern Italy and not see the Blue Grotto. In that case... no... Are you asking me out? Well. Congratulations. You aren't? I know the feeling. No. Are you're leaving? Hi. Promise me you won't leave without saying goodbye. Yeah. Well, was the least I could do. I'm sorry. I guess he turned out to be kind of a loser, huh? You okay? Actually, I think I prefer Katherine Hepburn. The Boston Pops. Season tickets. The Sun Also Rises. For Whom the Bell Tolls. The Old Man and the-- Exactly. Besides, no hard feelings. You found somebody. I found somebody. I thought we could double. I just wanted to keep an eye on you. The guy's a total stranger, remember? Say, I saw where they had motor boats for rent down in the harbor. Why don't we all go for an evening cruise around the bay? Boy, that looks tasty. What is that? We were hungry. What?... Nice dress. Hey-- Oh, thanks. Well, have a good time. Where are you going? Just-- out of curiosity... Anyway, that's why I came by. I need to fix this button. Do you have a needle and thread? And she's a knock-out, too. Yeah. Well, it looks like we both lucked out. I just met somebody myself. Somebody my aunt introduced me to. So. You found him. Hi. Do you want me to do it? Oh, and I forgot to tell you. He's here with his mother. He's out by the pool right now. Or Hustler. Mickey Spillane. I'd really rather not say. Uh, I'd rather not say. The guy at the hotel told me he always wears a gold medallion, and usually has a book or magazine with him. Because-- I want you to be happy. Look, I know there's no going back for us. That's not it. I just want to make this up to you. Clear my relationship karma. And I know the area, I've got some cousins down there. Please. Let me do this for you. Let this be my gift to you. It's in the south. I've still got my rental car. I can get you there by morning... I went back to that restaurant and I spoke with his waiter, just on an off chance, you know, and, anyway-- he knew the name of the guy's hotel. So, I called there, they said he left yesterday. But, apparently he comes here every year, always follows the same route. He always goes from here down the coast to the Le Sirenuse hotel in Positano. I called. And they told me he's checked in. Because. I know where he is. Fine. Okay. Forget me. Leave me out of it. But don't go throwing your life away on somebody you don't love. Because I don't have the right name?! What about the oasis in the desert? Are you telling me that was a lie? So? There must be something I can do, something I can say to make this up to you?... Just tell me what it is, I'll say it. I'll do it. I don't want you to hate me. He's a podiatrist. Pain is your body's way of telling you something is wrong. Your toe is trying to tell you not to do it. You stubbed your toe, don't you think that's a sign? Because I'd like to think at least one of you feels that way. Does he know who you are? You didn't answer my question. Does he love you? He's safe. To the foot doctor. Yes?! To be married, I suppose. Why can't you just tell me? You are leaving, aren't you? Are you okay? You want some help? You're limping. I'm in love with you. You said whatever it was you would understand. Thanks. Aren't you gonna go introduce yourself? I mean, realistically, what are the odds that this is a terrific guy? And if that's not destiny, I don't know what is. Whatever. And I thought, please God, give me a sign, give me some way to keep this woman from getting into that taxi and disappearing from my life forever. And He did. She told me the name. Granted, it wasn't my name, but it was a start. And then I saw her. And all I know is, when I looked in her eyes I saw something... light. And life and passion and yearning. And something else I can't even put my finger on, something I'd never seen before-- Do you know I wasn't even supposed to be in Rome? My boss was supposed to come to this conference, and at the last minute he got the measles. The measles. Who gets the measles at forty-three? So they sent me. And I wasn't supposed to be in that piazza that night either. I'd gone to the movies, only it was sold out. So I was wandering around. Just wandering... When I got hit in the head with this shoe. It was an emergency. I only lied that night because it was the only way I knew to stop her. I knew if I didn't, I'd never see her again. No! That's not fair. That's not it at all. Look, something somewhere got screwed up. Maybe some metaphysical wires got crossed. I may not have the right name, but I was there. I'm the guy. I'm-- skywriting?? Where is she? I have to talk to her.Huh? Uh, yeah-- I've gotta run. Tell Dwayne hi. Maybe someday we can all get together. I'm on my way to Venice. Why? Well, he'd have to hurry. My flight leaves at four o'clock. I'm at the airport. Why? Right. Thanks a lot. And congratulations. It's not easy finding love these days. My name's Oh, hi. I'm an old high school buddy of Dwayne's. I was in town this weekend, was hoping to stop by and surprise him. But I've gotta catch a plane so I'm afraid I'm not gonna be able to make it. Who's this? Dwayne Pinsley? I'm trying to reach Dwayne Pinsley.I bought the tickets. One for her and one for me. It was my idea. Where do you think you'll go? About the mail -- Yeah? Not at all. Oh, no, no, no. Don't let it worry you. Not at all. It's probably for the best. It's all right. I'll forward your mail. So I gathered. Yeah, I was phoning your mother. They know? So what? They have nothing, there is nothing, to connect us to that bodies stuff. They can know all they like, it won't do them the slightest bit of good -- I beg your pardon? It doesn't neccessarily matter. They don't even know who those people are, and even if they did, they have nothing to connect them with us, nothing at all. I don't know what you're talking about. Who? We just wanted to speak to you. Looking for you? Yes. Secure it? What do you mean -- you're gong to take it to a bank? You're not going to take it to a bank? You're not going to take it to a bank Or what, you want to bury it? Is that it? Not eating like you used to, that's what. You're not eating. What's wrong? You're sure? There's lots more. Oh, that'll come in useful. What's all this for, more security? No, it doesn't. I tried to let it worry me but it won't. I've worked on that paper for three years. There is a pensioner's terror ordeal on page six every day. Every day. Maybe when I'm a pensioner it'll worry me. Downstairs, I know. Pensioner's terror ordeal: page six. What is this? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah, but you were good, you were really good. Fucking bin-bag', I liked that. You were good. You explored your maleness to the full there. Good luck. I love that guy, but why does he have to follow us around? After. After you drink to love and happiness forever. What's the problem? Just stop worrying. Not now. I have an idea. That was good. Yes. Now come on, all or nothing. Don't you worry about that. But not quite. Look, if I draw the short straw, then I'll do it, but I'm not going to do it just because you won't. Take his legs. Family? Family? Friends? Drugged-up wandering suicidal search of the self fuck-ups don't have families, David. You're telling me you want out? Already? You're telling me you don't want the money? Hugo is going off. He smells. The flat smells. We can't wait any longer. I don't hear this. We all are, David, we're all going to do it. Each of us, you, me and Juliet, will do his or her bit. Is that fair enough? Do I? What? What? What are you talking about? Then what? Who's going to do what? Dig the pit, I don't know. A spade, we need a spade -- I wish you would concentrate -- we need a spade if we're going to dig a pit. Now what else? DAVID I don't know. You call them if you want. He couldn't get his car started. All right, then, go ahead, telephone. Telephone the police. Try again. No one's going to stand in your way. Go ahead. Tell them there's a suitcase of money and you don't want it. But don't tell me that you're not tempted by it. Don't tell me that you're not interested. I know you well enough. I'm only asking you both to think about it. Juliet? Come on, David. Think about it. Can I show you something? Yes or no, yes or no, yes or -- Have you seen him? No, she's not in. Without waiting for any more, he replaces the reciever and walks to the door, where he picks up the mail. On his way back from the door, David emerges, ready to go to work. It's true. A newspaper is paying for all this. A newspaper... Why, thank you, David. I'm only asking what you think. About this guy, this Hugo person. What do you think? You learn that in your psychotherapy group? I don't want to devalue your victory, but I just want you to know: I wasn't trying to win. You're a bad loser. Chess. Chess is often used as well. In the same fashion as chess. I was trying to educate you. Squash is often used as a metaphor to represent a struggle for personal domination. With which of the following figures do you most closely identify: Joan of Arc, Eva Braun or Marilyn Monroe? Or maybe just phone out for a pizza? I'd like to ask you about your hobbies. What's his name? Well, I've got this story, it's really good, I'm working on, that is good, I feel it could be big, it this, eh, and it's, you know, it's incredible. Am I right, did you say beyond recognition'? I don't know. But there's no -- Cover it? I don't know anything about it. Right. What? Uh, no, no, it's a fake. I picked it up in Thailand. The second hand doesn't sweep, you see. Yes. Oh, no problems. Don't worry. That's all? Parked outside? Well, is it? Yes, I suppose so. I don't know them. I've never seen any of these men before. No. Why should it? It looks like he's writing everything down. Are you recording it? Is this being recorded? Nothing. We thought you were someone else. So tell me, Cameron, what on earth -- just tell me, because I want to know -- what on earth could make you think that we would want to share a flat like this with someone like you? Spacious, quiet, bright, well appointed, all that sort of stuff, all that crap. Yes. It is, isn't it? We alllike it. And the room's nice too, don't you think? And you like it? Good. Well, you've seen the flat? Well, Cameron, are you comfortable? What? Let him go. Let him take it all. No. Don't worry about it. I'd do exactly the same, but I don't think I'm his type. The perfect couple, I should say. That's what I thought he said. Of course, but I think you'll find the print medium provides a more lucid and detailed -- I don't know. I thought maybe I was -- Are you all right? What? Everything. Except maybe that it was his idea and not mine in the first place. OK? That's important to me. I need to die misunderstood. And if it sounds like I'm being killed, you'll phone the police, you'll tell them everything? You'll wait in the hall? No, I'm not frightened. A little terrified maybe. Did you see what happened to the last two who tried that? They went up alive and they came down dead -- the difference, I mean, alive dead dead alive, that sort of thing. It wasn't difficult to spot. He killed them both: he cut them up. I refuse. No, definitely not. And that's that. I refuse to discuss it further. Well, I'm not expecting anyone either. Oh. Expecting anyone? Now you thought of that, not me. We could put it somewhere. He isn't safe up there. If you really cared about him, you'd use your influence to get him down, then he'd be safe. He won't do anything for me, but for you -- Exactly. Now I've been thinking -- Later. But first -- him. We have to talk. Boy, am I glad to see you. Looking after it -- he's probably fucking well eating it. Yeah, he's got to go to work, hasn't he? You think he'll come down for that? He can't stay up there. Because that's no good. Remember, we did what we did, we took the money. It was a material calculation. But what's the use if it's underground, or in some funny bank in some funny place? If you can't spend it, if you can't have it, what use is it? None. It's nothing, all for nothing, if you do that. I didn't get into this for nothing, so that I could have nothing -- You know we're right. Once it's spent you won't have to worry about it. You know, you should spend some of that money instead of worrying about it. That's my advice. It tastes different. No, no, it's different. Will you calm down. No. Who was it? You were magnificent. Yes, it is. It's him. Cameron, Cameron, come on over.Yo! What's he doing here? Cameron. You remember Cameron. Look over there. It's Cameron. It's not for me. It's for love and happiness forever. Love and happiness for ever. I want my money back. Excuse me. I don't know why we couldn't stuff it in a mattress or put it under the floor like any normal human being. We could have hid it in the fridge. Yeah, we don't want another stiff on our hands. Don't fall through the ceiling. OK? Is he listening to me? David? Whoever draws the short straw does it all. That way, you either do it or you don't. All or nothing. And now you tell me. But you're a doctor. You kill people every day. I thought we all were. Is that all? What? Old newspaper proverb says dead human being is living story. Be rational, please, and failing that be quiet. It's not every day I find a story in my own flat. Why not? What's wrong, Juliet? Aren't you curious? Don't you wonder what he died from? Don't look? I'm just looking. What? What's wrong? I wonder how he killed himself. I presume that that's what happened. What do you think? I wonder how he did it? All right. No problem. Now? You want me to kick it open? So? Hugo. Hugo. Sorry about this, but can you open the door? It's us, Hugo, your flatmates and companions. Your new-found friends. He's not in. He's left and we'll probably never see him again. I will ask you once more, what sort of car -- What sort of car? He's got a car? Hugo. Maybe he didn't like us. David hasn't seen him either. No. Any idea which channel he's on? You see, they don't really know me. I think you're lying. Know and love? A miserable, burnt-out, empty shell of a -- Alex pauses, looks at his drink, then at Juliet. -- which is a hack. What I am. It was you, Juliet, it was you -- I'm not usually drunk. He even signs them, in his own name, can you believe it? I'd sign someone else's name. I'd sign his name. If I wrote them, that is. Which I don't. Aroused and inflamed. What? Oh, yeah, sure, if you want. I tell you, every letter this guy writes to you is the same: they all begin like pure love and descend into open pornography. I dream of your thighs, the soft touch of your white skin leading me in desire, while I, aroused and inflamed --' I don't know. He sounded Swedish. Do you know any Swedish men? Maybe it was just the emotion. Has he tried down the back of the fridge? I mean, that's where I normally find things. -- I'd be the first topoint that out. In all kindness I would. But, like they say, you know, she's got to want to change, hasn't she? Well, she had problems -- No. Be someone else like him. One is enough. And what happened to that girl, that friend of yours, the one that came round. I liked her. I really felt we had something. She could have moved in. We had chemistry. For my life? At a discussion group? I think not. God, you two are sensitive. All I'm doing is implying some sort of sordid, ugly, sexual liason. Why, I'd be proud of that sort of thing. Yeah, he had one too many of thise urges. You of all people should know that. Did you know -- And when did anyone last say to you these exact words: You are the sunshine of my life'? When you get up in the morning, how do you decide what shade of black to wear? When you slaughter a goat and wrench its heart out with your bare hands, do you then summon hellfire? Really? Cameron? Can you afford this place? Well, that's what I said, isn't it? It's OK. There's no problem. What was I trying to say? Oh, yes, I think, we think, or at least I suppose we think -- am I right? What? So, uh... Yeah, well, that's what she said. Interesting. That's why you're here, you see. Interesting.What? Well, yes. Yes. Oh, yes, it's great. Yes. Yes, thanks. That's right.Your idea? Well, that fits. I mean, the two of you, that fits together. I should have seen that long ago. What? Where will we go? Where will we go? Juliet? It's very kind of you to offer, but -- No, can't think of anything else that matters. But more laughter than tears, I think? Yes. On balance? I mean, remember that time when -- oh, we could talk all night, but we have to go. Don't we, Juliet? I mean, we've had ups and downs, right -- good times, bad times? For the best. Exactly. I wouldn't want things to end on a downer. No, really, I am sorry, sorry to be ducking out on you like this. I hope you won't take it personally. Yeah, I'm sorry, but that's the way it is. You old devil. Well, anyway, as you can see, we're leaving. Sex lines? Is that it? Triple X-rated interactive fantasy? Old habits die hard. Except the money. They know. But they know. I'm glad you're so certain, Alex. It makes us feel a whole lot better. It wasn't deep enough. I told you it wasn't deep enough, but you wouldn't listen. Your friends. What for? What did you want? The money? Was that it? You looking for me? I want to secure it. If you give me the plate, I'll eat. Not eating what? Nothing. No, I'm sure, that'll be enough. What? Yes, that's fine. I fitted a lock up there. On the inside. Doesn't it worry you? There was a break-in. From what? Jehovah's Witnesses? Security. How much? How much did you pay? How much did you pay? You think so? Anyway, what I was wanting to say was this -- Now. I want to talk now. Listen, it's important. We need to talk about what we're going to do -- Can we talk about something? Is this necessary? Is that going to be deep enough? Finished. I don't know. I just thought we should discuss it. I'm just telling you I can't cut him up. I won't be able to. I can't do it. You know what. Who's going to do it. You know what I'm talking about. No, not that. So who's going to do it? And what about you? When are you going to let the police know? He's still here. You think so? It's asick idea, Alex. It's sick. You mean immoral. No. No. No. I saw my grandmother, of course, but I don't suppose that counts. I mean, she was alive at the time. No. Alex, I don't have the time -- Only on expenses. He made it clear. I don't have time to discuss it now. I don't care so long as he's not a freak. I don't have time. About what? Discussion group, Alex, discussion. Victory is the same as defeat. It's giving in to destructive competitive urges. I haven't lost yet. Will you shut up and play. What? Just serve. Serve. Turning very briefly to the subject of corporate finance -- no, this is important. Leveraged buy-outs -- a good thing or a bad thing? Do a little freebasemaybe, from time to time? All right, just a few questions. I don't know -- Campbell or something? Yes. No, I've never seen them. Yeah, that's right, that's it. Someone lost the key. I don't know. Maybe I'm a light sleeper. No, they were asleep. They didn't even wake up. I see. Yes, absolutely. No, three. Who said there were four? Who said there were four? There are only two other people in the flat. Of course. No, nothing, sorry. No, not that I recall, I was asleep. So I just heard her cries for help and all that, and when I went downstairs there were already those other people there, so I just stood around really, waiting -- you know how people do -- and then when your colleagues arrived I came back upstairs. And that's about all, I think. I didn't actually see anything useful, I don't think. Of course. Burglary? What about? Don't lie to me. Don't treat me like that. But I bet you didn't say you were going to split on him. That's right. You're going to Rio. Rio de Janeiro. On your own. Come on, you should know. You bought the fucking ticket. Oh, don't be so coy, dear. You're going to Rio. And you need your sleep. You and me? We already know. All about it. I'm sorry. I thought you'd gone to work. If I think you're lying -- Who have you talked to? Visitors? Some friends maybe? Someone you talked to? Were you expecting anyone? Tonight? Expecting anyone? No, no, no. That's what you paid for it. Two hundred pounds is what you paid for it. We don't know what it cost us yet, for you two to have a good time, we don't know the cost of that yet. You paid two hundred pounds for this? Two hundred pounds? That was stressful. I found that stressful. I'm sorry. Do you know many of these people? No. Oh, yes, I'm fine, thanks, just fine. I've never seen a dead body before. Is this what they always look like? Keep it going, Alex. You're unstoppable now. Did you ever kill a man? OK, I'm going to play you just a few seconds of this tape -- I'd like you to name the song, the lead singer and the three hit singles subsequently recorded by him with another band. Do you smoke? Oh, I see, I thought you meant -- I'm boring? Yes, sir. I'm not sure -- Eh -- Not any real sneering as such, no. Exactly what I was -- Well, it's a wide range of, eh -- Right here? Sorry?That's what I thought. Yeah, here, I mean, where else? That one, last week. That guy, the one that died. What happened to that guy?Don't know what? Animals involved? I know, but you need a change. And besides, we're short. Well? Of course you don't know anything about it. If you knew anything about it, I wouldn't have to send you over there to cover it. Out in the woods. Three bodies. Decomposed. Mutilated. Beyond recognition.Yeah. You mean I can have the room? You were going to say something. What? I see. No, but like all novelists, I'm in search of the self. I write about it? The human condition. For what? And he's a patient of yours? Working nights? Shall I answer it? A little bit. Is that good or bad? It was some guy called Brian. All right. The telephone? It continues to ring. It's a breeze. Yes, I mean, who wants to read about another dead priest? It's about some other guy, some guy who's not a priest, who doesn't die. You see, it's better already. Yeah. Well, maybe I'll change it. A priest who dies. Well, I've been away for a bit, travelling, that sort of thing, and now I'm trying to write a novel. It's nice. I'd be delighted. You must be Juliet.Tell you what. If you do remember seeing any of these guys, maybe you could give me a phone, on this number, any time you like. I see. Just one thing. Sorry to waste your time. That's it, then. No, not any more. I just wondered if it would surprise you. What? And if I told you their car was parked outside, would that surprise you? Take another look at these two. Well, then? That's because he is. Does that upset you? What does it look like? This is just an informal discussion. That wasn't a question. You're sure of that. Is this where no one stays? Loks like you had a break-in up here as well. Yes. Why do you think you woke and they didn't? I doubt it. And these two other people, did they hear anything? Take a note of that, Mitchell. Only three, rather than four. Write it down. You can use numbers or words, I have no preference. Which are you using? How strange. And how unsatisfactory to have misleading information. Only three people here. You're sure? We understood there were four people living here. Not always, of course, but now, four. Two? And the other three people on the flat, did they hear anything? Well, if you do, you'll let us know? Have you seen anything or anyone suspicious around here in the last few days? did you hear anything before he cries? Can we come in? Downstairs. It's about the burglary. Good evening. I'm Detective Inspector McCall and this is DC Mitchell. I wonder if we could ask you some questions. And you said you supposed so, but I wasn't offering it for debate. I mean, that's what it's like. Like recognizing criminals by their crimes. And what do you recognize, names or faces? But in your work you must meet lots of different people, every day -- new people, new faces. No? Do you think you have a good memory for faces? Look again if you like. Take all the time you like, doctor. Or a fake? Your watch. One other thing. Do you have any tattoos? It's like recognizing criminals by their crimes. Excellent. DC Mitchell is a rising star, Mr. Stevens. Under my tutelage he will undoubtedly make the grade.Is it real? You can tell by the intonation. Offering it for debate. Both, sir.Well, it's up to you. Seven six five. How will you be paying? It's up to you. Air Patagonia. New outfit: via Caracas and Bogot . No catering. Four hundred and eleven pounds. Four one one. Good value, but refueling at Bogot is variable. Air France. Glasgow. Direct, but then you're looking at the wrong end of nine hundred and twelve pounds. That's nine one two. It's up to you. Air Portugal, on the other hand, via Lisbon, same day, five hundred and sixty-five. Five six five. It's up to you. Catering important? October 15th, direct flight, London Heathrow to Rio de Janeiro, British Airways, you are looking at seven hundred and sixty-five pounds. Seven six five.Roger, One. Rolling. And the second you left there, we started getting calls to the ghost numbers. They were checking out the Renquist front. She lives in Rome, but she does stuff here the Smithsonian and has a lot of diplomatic connections, so she has offices here. Uh huh. Right here in river city. And this is a little above market- rate for the horizontal bop, even for a total biscuit like her. Probably because it sounds scary. They call him "The Sand Spider". Sorry, sir. Uh... here's what we got. Yes.He's got it. I'd like to remind you that it has been ten years since you were actually in one of these. It's show time. Don't look at the flash. Do not look at the flash. ... well get the Highway Patrol to go through the streets and tell everybody on their damn loudspeakers. Just the basics... get away from windows, don't look at it... yeah-- I can get 3 Marine Corps Harriers here in about 12 minutes. They're on maneuvers out of Boca Chica. --you tell the son of bitch this is Bright Boy Alert. Repeat, a Bright Boy Alert. And I need a patch of the White House ASAP. That's right-- You're welcome. I thought this look like your work. You've reached a new low with this one. I can't believe you're crazy enough to use the room at the Marquis. We're dead, right? So... where'd you put the transmitter? Oh shit. Harry... what're you doing? Now what? She could be telling the truth. She's lying. You know about that? Whatya talking? I'm clean as a preacher's sheets, babe. Clean as a -- Goddamnit, Harry. This is our butts. So your life is in the toilet. So your wife is banging a used car salesman. Sure it's humiliating. But be a man here-- The purse is still at the house. Aw, it's gotta be a typo-- What are you talking about? He could be working her to get to you. Guy's a spook! Sure, Harry. I'm on it. What're you talking about? We have that. Is this national security stuff boring you? Relax. Helen still loves you. She just wants this guy to bang her. It's nothing serious. You'll get used to it after a -- Same thing happened to me with wife two. I had no idea until I came home and the house was empty. I mean empty. She even took the ice-cube trays from the fridge. What kind of person would think of that? Nobody believes it can happen to them. Congratulations. Welcome to the club. Something to do with Helen, is what I'm getting. I'll just hang then, shall I? You want me to just hang-- ? Hardcore, highly fanatical, ultra- fundamentalist. Linked to numerous car-bombings, that cafe bomb in Rome, and the 727 out of Lisbon last year. Major player. Can we go to the office now, Mr. Superspy? Ha! The little prick ditched you! That is so goddamn funny. That's it. Get 'im Harry We'll teach that little puke not to signal. Goddammit! That's outrageous. Hey, did that guy Harry chased last night call in to give himself up yet? Cause apparently that's the only way we're going to catch the son of a bitch -- Copy that. There's another guy, still in the car. What's the plan? Helen's going to be pissed. Uh huh. Want me to lose them? Yeah, right. She could be moving money, guns. Anything. It's all set up... ghost phones and fax, all the usual stuff. You have a suite at the Marquis Hotel under Renquist. Okay, reality check. Go. Nope. The art buys are in a separate ledger. In her dreams. Albert Gibson. Three four nine nine one. Well . . . I moved back in. My lawyer said it would give me a better claim on the house in the property settlement. Don't change the subject... you owe me two hundred bucks. Twenty here, fifty there... I figured my wife's boyfriend was taking it. Okay. Okay. De-nail ain't just a river in Egypt. She's probably stealing the money to pay for an abortion. Uh huh. And her little hormones are going like a fire alarm. I say even money that physicist on the bike is boinkin' her. Fourteen, Harry. See, kids now are ten years ahead of where we were at the same age. You probably think she's still a virgin-- Yeah, but you're not her parents, anymore, you and Helen. Her parents are Axl Rose and Madonna. The five minutes you spend a day with her can't compete with that kind of constant bombardment. You're outgunned, amigo. Kids. Ten seconds of joy. Thirty years of misery. What? Here, check these out. Yep. Sleep fast. For Dana, schmuck. Bring your kid something. You know. The dad thing. Harry? HARRY?! Harry! Where are you! It's Talkradio. You're on the air. You're not going anywhere. But he's not exactly ringing your bell lately, right? I mean-- So, it was your first time. Is this a common thing for you? Cheating? But you didn't. Why not? God! You have no idea how much that turns me on. I've never had the courage to say this before but... I love you, Janice. And you still reach for your piece every time. Janice, how many years have you been buzzing us in?I seem to remember something about a history project that's due tomorrow. Honey that song came out in 1968, when I was exactly your age. You're going to stay in school. Do you understand? There are going to be some changes Dana. You're going to start following some rules. And I'm going to be there to see that you do. How was school today? You'd tell me if there was something wrong, wouldn't you, pumpkin? You know you can always talk to me. Right? Whatever is going on in your life, your mom and I'll understand. Dana, are you listening to me? I'm not sure what to believe anymore, young lady. You never used to lie to me. But lately you don't seem to know the difference between right and wrong. You seem fine now. Dana, Mr. Hardy called. Why weren't you in class today? Immediate roll. Acquire subject at K Street and Key Bridge. Vehicle is red-and-white convertible. You have six minutes. Okay. Let's step up the surveillance on her. Put on two more guys. You're kidding. Alright, I want a complete workup on her. Do we know where she is? Sorry. If I break it they can take it out of my pay. Any minute now. Here they come. Get 'em. I'll brief them on the way in. ... the Coast Guard has to clear them back to a twenty mile radius. Anybody that can't make the minimum safe distance we need an airlift on, immediately-- Let's go. I'll brief you in the air. Why not? You think I can afford a suite like that on my salary? Is Jean-Claude done yet? In her Walkman. It's the one thing I knew she'd be taking. I'm giving her an assignment. I am offerring you a choice. If you work for us we will drop the charges and you can go back to your normal life. If not, you will go to federal prison, and your husband and daughter will be left humiliated and alone. Your like will be destroyed. There is only one solution to your problem, Mrs. Tasker. You must work for us. Wait! Calm down, Mrs. Tasker. There is only one more question. You didn't have sexual relations with him? What about that time you trashed a six-week operation because you were busy getting a blow-job? You tell on me, I tell on you. She's still at my house. GIVE ME THE GODDAMN PAGE!! It skips from page nine to eleven. Where's page ten? Give me the page. Yeah, but for who? Yeah, and we do it twenty times a day. Don't give me that crap. Just put on the taps. Now. Helen's phone. Her office line and the line at my house. Put a tap on her phone. I still don't believe it. It can't be. It can't be. Not Helen. She's having an affair. He-- Helen. Helen-- it's Helen. It's Helen, Gib. Just hang a minute. Look, uh... I've got to talk to Helen about this thing with Dana. I'm just going to run in and see if she can get away for lunch. Abu Kaleem Malik. Son of a bitch! So, you wanna play huh? You little-- Look at the way the little punk is driving. He's all over the place. Look-- he hasn't signalled once. Okay. Here she comes. And make it fast. My horse is getting tired. Stay on him. Gonna try to get a closer shot of Beavis & Butthead. See, that's the problem with terrorists. They're really inconsiderate when it comes to people's schedules. Station wagon? What? It's on the way. She says she's got something for me. She's importing stuff from all over the mid-east. Hi, I'm Harry Renquist. I own a-- It doesn't mean anything. She buys antiquities for Khaled. You better watch it. She might file on you for sexual harassment. Harry Tasker. One zero zero two four. I thought you moved out. Will you just open the door! No way. Not Dana. Right. She's only fourteen. Don't be ridiculous. She's only -- how old is she? She knows not to steal. I've taught her better than that. Son of a bitch! Thanks dear. What a team. See you at eight. Got it. Nice touch. Okay, pick me up at eight. The de-brief is at ten hundred. What's this for? What? In the helicopter. Switching to sub-vocal. Gib, you copy? There is no us, you psychotic bitch. You're damaged goods, lady. Oral hygiene? Juno. I wish I could say it's a pleasure to see you again. Uh, yes, it is important. Yes. And you have a reputation as someone who gets what she wants. Is that why you got into this business? It's certainly... dramatic. Let's see... that you can read ancient Sanskrit without having to sound out the words. And that other dealers and archeologists don't like you much. That's right. They want something... dramatic. I spoke to a number of people who said you're the one to see. Well, what's the point of waiting? I'd like that. I adore it. This is Persian, if I'm not mistaken. Dance? I told the guy--- I told the guy, this isn't even my order. Wait here. If you have to use this, use it. Don't choke. Okay? Go down there and kill everybody, I guess. We must be in the Florida Keys . . . the Overseas Highway connects the islands to the mainland. No. Much more. Yes. What? God, you have great legs. Looks that way. No. But I wanted to. She's really a fox, isn't she? I don't take those assignments. 17 years. Yup. Ask me a question I would normally lie to. Yes. Sodium amytal, maybe some other truth agent. I'm sorry, honey. I don't know what this crazy bitch is on. You should just cut her loose, so we can get down to business. You wouldn't believe me. Let the hooker go. She's not important. Now slide the nylons off one by one. Sure, hon. So last night was pretty exciting, huh? No. Doris. The code name of your contact will be Boris. Your code name will be-- Think carefully. You will be lying to the man you love. The person who trusts you the most. No one must know! Especially him. You must appear to live your life normally, conveying nothing. The security of this nation depends on it. Can you do that? You will be contacted with the assignment. Yes or no. Louder please. Do you still love your husband? Answer the question-- This Simon. Did you sleep with him? What did you need? Why? And you agreed? Let me handle this part. Do you mind? Why did you go to Carlos' hideout? You're in a lot of trouble, Mrs. Tasker, so I suggest you cooperate. If we want to know the most intimate details of your life, you'd better tell us. Would you say he was boring, then? Tell me about your husband, Mrs Tasker. You weren't attracted to him at all? Not because you were attracted to him? Why did you continue to see him? What did happen? How long have you been a member of his faction? I thought we might have lunch tomorrow. So, a little excitement in an otherwise dull day. Did is work out okay? They said you had to run out. I was in the area, and I thought you might like to have lunch. Uh huh. ...and I'm troubleshooting it with them over the phone... talking to a translator, right, who's getting half of it wrong... it was unbelievable... really wild. Well I pull out the manual on their setup, which is the new 680 server... It's the big client in Japan, and it's the middle of the morning there and their whole system is crashed... this guy's having a meltdown-- I couldn't believe it. I go back to get this report I need, right, and the phone is ringing, so like a bonehead I answer it-- Come on to bed, you don't have to brush your teeth. I'm sorry. Thank you for the party. Look, I know you're upset. I'm really sorry, honey. I raced home as quick-- Baby, I said I'd be there. Really. Trust me. Gotta go, honey. Bye bye. Hi honey. What's going on? I'll handle it. Good thinking, honey. What did you tell him? Uh huh. Okay. Yeah, it was wild. Yeah. You should have seen it. We were the hit of the show with the new model ordering system, the one for the 680... how you can write up an order and the second the customer's name goes into the computer, it starts checking their credit, and if they've ordered anything in the past, and if they get a discount... I'm late. Fine, honey. Stay asleep. Beat it. You son of a bitch. Did you really think you could elude us forever, Carlos? Let me think about it. Hold it a day for me? Sooooo... she's pretty good in bed, then? But with you, she gets to be hot, right? What does she do? You working on someone right now? Those idiots. What about the husbands? Use 'em and lose 'em. Isn't that hard to keep up, in the long run? So you're basically lying your ass off the whole time? I couldn't do it. Sure. Set me up and then don't tell me. So what's your angle? And you've got one. Absolutely.Sure. Say that now. Did you tell her about us, Harry? You think I care about their cause? Or yours? Not at all. See, America is on top now . . . but so was Rome, once. All civilizations crumble. One nation succeeding over another. What does it mean in the long run? The only important thing is to live well. And... living well takes money. Not exactly. This is Samir. See if you can guess his specialty. Hello, Harry. Yes what? I've always been a collector at heart. When I see something I want, I have to have it. Especially in this light. This is the only light they had then, so I like to study it this way. I love this place. I love all ruins. Do you like my tomb? The museum financing fell out, so I thought your clients might be interested. Those wimps. It's because I use my diplomatic contacts to export cultural treasures from countries which tell them to take a hike. I told you to move those crates an hour ago. Come on guys, let's get going. So your clients want something for the lobby of their new corporate headquarters? I agree. Call me, if you'd like to see some of my other pieces. Very good. It's sixth century B.C. Do you like the period? Like one? Hold that thought. Now just keep your knees together, and you'll be fine. Samir is just going to ask Harry a few questions. See, we're not even sure which agency Harry works for. Now, Samir is absolutely first class, but on the other hand we have Harry, here, who has managed to lie convincingly to the woman he loves for 15 years. So it will be interesting to see how long he can resist. No, my dear, he is a federal agent. He killed two of my colleagues the other night. So now it's Tasker? Not Renquist? Who's your little friend? His wife. How? What do you want me to do? No. He checked out okay-- It's a good thing you pay me well.His wife? Good. Bring them. Who is this woman? Use the gifts that Allah has given you. Find out who this Renquist it. Do you realize that there are surveillance teams watching this place right now? Your phones are almost certainly tapped. And you are busy laughing and flirting like a whore with this Renquist, who may be a--No. Soon as I turn you'll shoot me. Wait! You got the wrong guy. My name's Simon. Look, just let me go. There's no need to kill me. I haven't seen your-- Yeeaoowww!! See. You and this car were meant for each other. Why fight it? Sure, I have a couple other buyers lined up, but I like your style. Whattya say? Should we start on the paperwork? Hey, slow down you're gonna miss the turn! Red hot. Her thighs steam. Some kinda legal secretary of something. Married to some boring jerk. I always have a couple on the hook. You know. There's one right now, I've got her panting like a dog. It's great. Dickless. If they took care of business, I'd be out of business, know what I mean? Exactly. The trick is, you gotta pick your target. They have to be nice little housewife types. School-teachers. But, I'm telling you, you get their pilot lit, these babes, they can suck- start a leaf-blower. Doesn't matter. I like change. You know, constant turnover. As soon as I close the deal, it's one of two more times, then adios. Well, think of it as playing a role. It's fantasy. You have to work on their dreams. Get them out of their daily suburban grind for a few hours. Okay, just ask yourself. What do women really want? You take these bored housewives, married to the same guy for years. Stuck in a rut. They need some release. The promise of adventure. A hint of danger. I create that for them. Sorry. Trade secret. It's killer. Look at me-- I'm not that much to look at. No really. I can be honest. But I got 'em lining up, and not just skanks, either. Some are. Let's face it, Harry, the Vette gets 'em wet. But it's not enough. If you want to really close escrow, you gotta have an angle. What're we talking about here? Pussy, right? You can call me Simon. You're very brave to do this... You opened it. Thank you. You saved my life. What's your name? Relax. There, that's better. Let yourself slip into the role. You see what I mean? That reaction would give us away in a second. Try to relax. Here. Sit down. Be comfortable. Helen, there's a double agent in my outfit... I don't know who. There's no one I can trust. Except you. Can you get away? Just for two days. Just for the operation in Paris. I need to be married. They'll be looking for a man traveling alone. Helen, I want you to be my wife. To our assignment. It's serious. That's all I can say. Just meet on K Street under the Key Bridge. At eight sharp. Yes. Now go. Not here. I'll call you and we'll rendezvous again. We have to leave separately, so we aren't seen together. For your safety. Something came over me, I just had nail him, no matter what the risk. It was pretty hairy. I thought he had me, a couple of times. But I really can't take credit . . . Three of them. Hardly worth talking about. Two won't bother me again. It's strange. I knew I was in a woman's thoughts when I was shooting it out with those assassins. I know. But it would compromise your safety too much to know certain things. I'm sorry, I can't. You recognized my style. See, you're very good. You're a natural at this. Sometimes a story is a mask for a covert operation. See-- two men killed in a restroom, and two unidentified men in a running shootout, ending at the Marriot... Did you read the papers yesterday? Cairo was a day at the beach next to this. Ssshhh! We say Op. Covert operation. And this one got a little rough. It's my job to risk my life, but not yours. I feel bad about bringing you into this, but you're the only one I can trust. Okay. It's just, things are a bit hot for me right now. If I get a signal... I may have to leave suddenly. Are you sure you weren't followed? The same place. One o'clock. I have to go now. See you tomorrow. Remember, I need you. Helen? It's Simon. Is it safe to talk?Boris and Doris? Get going! Of course. Mrs. Tasker. And what were you going with the international terrorist, Carlos the Jackal? Taking dictation? I said SIT DOWN. Who do you work for?This must be one of the old keys - I wasn't a manager here then MRS STECKLER - don't you remember? I shouldn't say this - but you really remind me of someone I know Hello MRS STECKLER - we haven't seen you for a long time No - not all the time - I mean No -it's no problem - I do it all the time I didn't say that - I'm sure it could be, but our clients must sign in first, checking signatures, and a photo ident - we had a nasty theft two years ago and we've been very strict since then. That's right... Then we would have to call in our locksmith to break the lock Yes it is... BRIAN... Well, if you could come sometime just before we close, then I could show you everything and then we could go for a drink to discuss the finer points... CHIC MAGAZINE?He saved my life you know - has he told you... Is LESLIE here? What happened? Leave!? Who the hell do you think you are? You don't own him you know - you can't tell me not to see him! What? What's wrong with you? I think he's fine - I don't know why you have this thing about men - it would be nice to have a guy in the house for a change - I don't think he would hurt a fly. I don't know - it's your house ELLEN I'm sorry, I couldn't - when is she due? Good - I've got to dash - Say that I said hello to ELLEN for me would you... I'd really like it if you would come round some time - Then I could cook you a meal - what do you say... I'm good - I was just making a delivery near here, so I thought I would see if you were about... Her husband left her You're a novelist - why didn't you tell me? Don't worry about it - No worries Surgery? Are you a doctor?No - I'll have you after I loved you ELLEN - why did you do this? I don't want either of us to come to any harm - please... WAIT FOR WHAT!? whats wrong...what have I done wrong? CRAP! - I wish I had taken a photo of your face when I gave some to that DETECTIVE - What's wrong ELLEN - you look pale - maybe you have been eating the wrong kind of foods lately - it could be food poisoning? Why whats wrong with the sugar - There isn't that much - you didn't even taste it - What's wrong - don't you like my tea? What was I supposed to do? First finish your tea... ELLEN, would you like a cup - there's plenty in the pot Yes - I suppose so... I thought we had a relationship built on trust - and you just slap me in the face... We've got nothing to talk about Out - I may be some time But ELLEN, I told you I have stopped... Yes... Open it... I am ashamed of what I have done ELLEN. When I read what you had written it made me think - look into myself - I haven't dared look into myself for a long time - I have stopped ELLEN, I can't carry on - I won't carry on. All I want is to start a new life - I want a second chance...You are good to me - you don't condescend, you're intelligent, and very beautiful... What's wrong? Demons... This wouldn't have been possible without you... You have given me incentive ELLEN - I can see clearer now... I know this sounds insane ELLEN, but... Telling you all of this, writing the book... It feels good. Don't get me wrong - I feel like a weight is being lifted from my shoulders... When I tell you what I have done - I can't believe it is me...Yet I know it was. This is like a purging for me... I want it to stop - it all to stop... It was wrong - all my life I have been cheated - cheated of anything good - I shouldn't have been born - I was a mistake - my natural mother was a whore - that makes me... STEPHANIE loved me - she got some insurance money and took legal custody of me - she was just old enough. We had a ball for years - we could do anything, anywhere, anyhow...And we did...We would play games - she would be the executioner and I would be the convict - She would strap me into the arm chair and pretend to electrocute me... My sister - My ADOPTED SISTER - No...I didn't do it...I wish I had but I didn't. I was beaten to it. STEPHANIE became my mother. You think I killed my MOTHER don't you? My mother...? I never knew my real MOTHER - I was adopted And how did it feel to be rid of him Why not? Please - it would help me Tell me how it happened... You've killed but you're not a killer You are the first person I have ever told any of this to. We are birds of a feather ELLEN...we're in the same league I hated being treated like a failure - looked down on - my sister used to do that - I hated it - I should have known, when we got married - in a registry office of course - she wore maroon - I just wanted a white wedding I think she thought I was a ticket to the good life. I had a good job, prospects. And she was a slut - I didn't know until too late. One day, I came It seemed like a good idea at the time - why did you marry your husband. My wife My wife was the only one who really deserved it. LESLIE do this. LESLIE do that. LESLIE it's your fault... She used to tell me what to wear, where to go, what to do - she mothered me... I have something I have to show you... Why should I feel sorry - they're dead. Let me ask you, why do you wear black ELLEN CARTER? What are you running from? I don't know... I don't know... I don't want to talk about it - You know everyone accuses me of being sick - the press, the TV - but I'm not you know - they are - I don't watch it for entertainment every night - I don't sit and watch it whilst eating my dinner - they all say, how could he cut her up? She was dead - I can't hurt something dead - And all this whilst they slobber down their processed beef burgers by the dozen - I couldn't eat one of those burgers, you don't know what has gone in them! No she didn't... Because a dog will attack with a ferocity and force that we poses, but centuries of social contamination has run it out of us - that is what sets us aside from the purity of the beasts...Society is rotting - men who once were strong and kept everything working are getting soft - women are making them soft - by the time a pretty girl has reached twenty - she has had three lifetimes worth of fun and attention- so she doesn't deserve any more - my car I stopped working from my car. She could have stopped me you know - If she really wanted too. That is the difference between the confusion of humanity and the purity of the beast - If a dog attacked you - you could easily kill it without any damage to yourself - Why then do people get bitten by dogs - savaged? Why? Oh anywhere - whenever I needed to - Do you know how easy it is to take them? You just pick up a hiker, or someone off the streets - they believe so easily you know, 'Look, I have something to show you' I would say - and that would be it. One girl, I think her name is Debbie - she had broken down on the motorway, and I offered to take her to a service station to call for a tow truck - She just got in and I drove away. When I pulled into the layby and took out my knife - she just froze, and said - what do you want? - I said, You know what I want. - But she didn't. Getting rid of the bodies is just as easy - the first I cut up, put in bags with bricks in, and tossed them off Eldridge Bridge in broad daylight. The real problem with my work is the blood - there is so much of it - and it all spurts out so fast - like a fountain. It made such a mess of No - the police say I've killed fourteen - but I've not - I've killed many more. It amazes me how they just haven't found the bodies. What is society coming to when people just don't get missed. I agree, some of them are well hidden - I probably couldn't even show you where I put them - one girl, number eight I think the press called it - she wasn't even mine - I don't know who did it but I didn't I don't know Oh, about six years since I graduated I'm a dentist Yes, one and a half please. If you want any - there's some left in the kitchen Yes - I'm sorry ELLEN... It says in the contract I can have a lock fitted - is there a problem ANGELA? I'm sorry? Yes, two please. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to pry, it's just that I really loved your book The touch? Tell me - ELLEN CARTER Forgive me for being so pushy, but aren't you a novelist? Didn't you write that terrific book - 'The Color of Fear'? Oh - Tell me ELLEN, I can call you ELLEN? It doesn't mention 'females only' Yes - of course. Yes, that would be nice - I'll call round some time... That's good Yes, come on in... I thought it was you - how are you? Oh... And not just any novelist - a great novelist - it was an impressive piece of work ELLEN... I'm sorry, I didn't mean to shout... Just put it in my room No - a dentist I'm really very sorry - I was banking on this coming through, because it's only five minutes from my surgery... Yes, sorry - He's here to make sure that you are alright Sugar? I shouldn't really - I'm not your surgeon... I'll be sure to... No - she isn't in any trouble is she? Or was it, she wished he was dead - that's it - I believe he left the country with another woman - all rather sordid. Yes...?I'd watch her mate - she has thing for men - they disappear near her. As it happens, I was at home alone - maybe we could solve each others problems? It did give me a chance to meet you again ELLEN - It's all routine you understand...So where were you? I'm here about the so called disappearance of your husband - It's best if we let old bones lie. Know what I mean? I'm working on the WHITE ANGEL case now - and I've got to check all known murderers or suspected murderers for the last five years... And that means you...So where were you last THURSDAY afternoon around five... So have you seen hubby recently ELLEN? It's been what, three years? ANGEL... Yes - one please. Who said anything about surgery...It'll only take a moment. Oh no sir - just making some enquiries...Just tell her that INSPECTOR TAYLOR called on you - she'll understand So she didn't mention anything more about it? Dead? INSPECTOR DAVE TAYLOR - Scotland yard ...Can I have a word? Dr STECKLER?