Arctic Warrior, Arctic Warrior, Arctic Warrior. This is United States Coastguard Station North Island. Your radio check is affirmative. Over. Affirmative, Arctic Warrior. This is United States Coast Guard North Island Station. Over and out. Roger, Arctic Warrior. I say again, our records indicate the passenger vessel Chimera was lost at sea. Over. Affirmative, Arctic Warrior. The vessel Chimera was registered to The Dobbins Kirk Line, Halifax. Nova Scotia. Date of commission day nine month seven year one nine three two. Over. Arctic Warrior, passenger vessel Chimera was lost at sea day two month two year one nine five three. Over. Affirmative, Arctic Warrior. Please advise your salvage authority pending registry check. Over. What is the vessel name, registry, and present position? Over. Say again. Over. Affirmative, Arctic Warrior. What type of vessel? Arctic Warrior, Arctic Warrior, Arctic Warrior. This is United States Coastguard Station North Island. Over.You'd think on a ship this size there'd be something left to eat. The turbine blew. When they find out what it's carrying, they may not be so interested in what's legal. Wrong. It's Friday. What day is it? You find anything that even looks like a compressor. I don't care what, grab it. I need lag bolts, especially one inch standard. And sheet metal. Preferably steel, about a sixteenth of an inch. Aluminium, even tin'll do. Let's not be too hasty. Where's his boat, then? Where's his crew? He ain't gonna be out here by himself, that's for damn sure. Yeah, but not as cold as those Swedish girls you only gonna dream about. What's so great about Sweden? One minute I'm minding my own business, the next thing I know the whole place is burning up. An oxygen tank must've blown on the welder. Started an oil fire. Damn mind of it's own. Fucker! Yeah, a ship that's supposed to have been lost at sea fifty years ago. You don't think that's just a little freaky? Lemme see. What? You sure? How about now? Nah. Everything was cool. It's just one of those things. They shoulda thought of that when they let her float away. With that coxswain dickhead. I'll sleep good tonight knowing that. Yeah, yeah. What? What say, Epps? You up for some roasted albatross? Hell no. You think I'm crazy? Right. Wednesday. Then what the hell happened to him? I heard a scream. When I got there I found him on the floor. He was having some kind of seizure. I didn't see anybody else. A what? Smokes? Pretty handy with that scatter gun, Epps. You raised on a farm? One guy isn't gonna be so stupid. I'm saying we gotta do whatever we gotta do to preserve our interest. Fifty million dollars. Fifty million. We gonna let this guy just take it from us? One guy? Gimme a break. Light in those passages ain't so good. What're you crazy? I tell you one thing, we're not gonna be towing no ship now. Thanks for the warning -- Ow! Damn! Last thing we want is extra partners. Yeah, well how the hell you get something like that wrong? That's a damn big boat. It's either sunk or it ain't. Nobody just scuttles a passenger liner either. Ready? Then we'll all be doomed. Any other questions? Seeing as though a foot of one of these fuckers weighs about a hundred pounds, it ain't gonna be what you'd call easy. Any questions? Somebody's probably looking for her as we speak. Probably slipped her moorings, got tangled up in a current. You think that's funny Yeah. Roger. Maureen? What? It just occurred to me I don't know your first name. All this time and I don't know it. What is your first name? Why not. Where from? Right. Sorry. There's a charming thought. Right. I don't figure there's much I want money can't buy. That oughta buy a man pretty much anything he wants. Turbine chamber on number two must've blown! Took out part of the hull! You better get down here right now! We're taking water! Big time! Look, I didn't touch it. Alright? I didn't touch the fucking radio! Ever occur to you there's somebody else on that boat, skipper? I didn't touch the fucking radio. What the fuck -- ? What?! Take it easy, willya? What about the radio?! The radio. Oh, yeah, the radio. Maybe you can tell me then. I don't know what you're talking about? With all due respect, skipper. Part of that up there's mine. I'd kinda like to have a little say in what happens to it. For starters, getting that gold off the ship. What they don't know about isn't gonna bother them. Yeah, well. The truth is one thing. When there's more than a few hundred million dollars involved, that's a whole new deal. Well, they're gonna be asking a lot of questions. About us. About those bodies. About the gold. Seems like we oughta be prepared is all. So. I got a question. Just from a, you know, purely technical standpoint. We call the Coastguard. Coastguard shows up. What exactly is the plan? On a passenger ship in 1953? Not me. I think you better see this for yourself. You better get down here quick, skipper. I'm on "C" deck. Cabin 400. Dodge to Murphy. Right. I might be able to find something on the ship. But it's gonna take time. So whoever did this might still be around. Damn barbaric is what it is. Fresh ain't the first word that comes to mind. Yeah, reconsider fucking his shit up. What if that fucker finds it before we're ready to go? Why not? Why the fuck not? I say fuck the motherfucker. We're a professional salvage crew going about our business. What's some yahoo doing way out here by himself anyway? Bullshit. That boat hasn't made steam for fifty years. We found her. She's ours. Sounds like the hull. Yeah, yeah. I'm buyin' me a nice outrigger. Spend my time hauling rich Seattle business men through the Puget. Yeah, yeah. I'm on it. You gotta be kidding? What the hell we need that tub for, we got fifty million bucks? Then we're rich. We're damn, filthy stinking rich. So what're we gonna do. That's the big question, right? Or somebody stopped them. Didn't happen yesterday, I'll tell you that. Torn parts rusted bad as the rest of the boat. What, you think there's something funny about it? Went aboard. Man, it gives me the creeps. We got no business towing a ship that size anyway. I say we fix the turbines and hit the highway. What do you want me to tell you, that we can throw this sucker back in and start pulling her like nothing happened? Can't do it, skipper. Three, four days. I gotta pull the blades and re-seat everything in a new rotor -- . It's a full 2500 horses down. We couldn't drag that boat down hill on ice with it. I'm telling you, you don't want to be running that fan like it is. Hard to say. The right way and the wrong way. Like I always say -- Metal's crystallized. Gotta replace the whole deal. Turbine rotor's shot. Hard to say. I gotta get in there and have a look. At least a couple days. Depending. The number one turbine's pretty well trashed. Number two runs, but it's way underpowered. Threw a turbine blade. Mother fucker! Sounds reasonable. It's a bloody navigation hazard. One boat can't control a ship that size. If you get it back in one piece. Yeah, from one side of the harbor to the other. But we got half the Bering Sea and the whole Alaskan gulf to drag her over. Smugglers maybe. Are you kidding me? Jealous? Epps? Gimme a break.After fifty years there ain't nothin' left but shoe leather. Lemme see, was that before or after the oil fire? Maybe you shoulda thought a that before you scuttled our boat. I don't know. Tuesday? I ain't no mechanic, just so you know. Yeah. Hell, what difference does it make if we report it now or later? We call this in now, gonna be Coastguard, FBI, who knows who, all over the place. She's so big somebody could come alongside her on the other side and we'd never know it. We'll see who's dreamin', m'man. It's a beautiful country. Very clean. Very civilized. And cold. Looks like it took out the backup genny too. Morning, skipper. Take it easy, Dodge. It's only a piece of metal. Are you crazy? Do you realize we got ourselves a ship? We own a ship, Dodge. That's what it says. Sixty pounds. You think the extra strain caused it? I don't care what, ain't nobody just gonna let us walk away with a ship that size. Hypothetically speaking, what if we get this boat to Sitka and find out somebody wants it back? Looks like Epps' gonna get some tonight. Hear that, Dodge? Epps don't think it's a problem. I didn't sign up to go home empty handed. And I sure ain't gonna roll over for the freaky motherfucker did this. What? You okay? I don't even want to know what that's gonna taste like now. I feel fine. Lights? No. Stay away. Or else. Coffee. What'd he look like? Hell, yeah. I like it cold. Colder the better. Hell yeah. Two hundred twenty two kilograms of solid gold. Then why didn't they take it. Cargo like this could make a crew think twice. He'd let you off at the nearest port, that's for sure. Too big. More like a freighter. I bet you did. Show your tatoos to that coxswain last night, did you Epps? What's slow? Fine with me. All I'm saying is that gold's worth a lot more to us now than it ever was. Now hold up just a minute. Let's be reasonable here. What about the gold? Doesn't look like it much matters. Can't find the shotgun. Must've heard something below deck and went down to check it out. We're still drifting. A what? Must be a little too the truth, eh Dodge? Gettin' a little hot under the collar, I'd say. We ain't exactly in what you'd call your high traffic neighborhood either. We're not gonna be able to pump it! I wish I could tell you. I'd be real interested to know myself. Oh, man. Say what? Last thing I remember I was aboard the Chimera. Down somewhere in there scavenging around. What happened? Lost my sea legs. Never been more thirsty in my life. Maybe Epps's mystery man had something to do with it. And look what happened. Ho-ly shit. Pretty low all around. I say we off-load some of that gold now. Supposing he wants to get bad with us? I don't know. Moving to Sweden. Fifty million four ways. That's twelve million and change a piece. What you gonna do with your share, skipper? And get a bunch of fools sniffin' around here? What now? I heard that. Yeah, but we still gotta haul that big piece of shit all the way back to Sitka. So what? We gonna unload the gold and get a move on? If they thought it was lost at sea, they probably just wrote it off. Ho, baby! How much you figure that's worth, skipper? You're up late. Yeah. All we got to do is hit some rough weather and you can forget about it. You mean tow her back? That's a thirty thousand ton ship you're talking about. Murphy, goddamit. How's that? Call the Coastguard? Looks like it's adrift. I been watching it for close to an hour and it hasn't moved. I can't raise it on the radio either. Makes me think it might be in trouble. There's a large vessel out about ten miles to the north-west. Red sky at night, sailor's delight. Better than "making hamburger for Mickey D." I must be in the wrong business. Not bad for dragging a leaky tub half way to Russia. Let the buyer beware. The number nine on the starboard side's half flooded. Epps says it's a slow leak just under the waterline, about twenty gallons an hour. They must've pumped it before we left Sitka. Greer to Murphy.Roger that, North Island. Arctic Warrior whiskey alpha sierra bravo four zero niner two. Over and out. Roger, North Island. Please advise pending further information. Over. Roger, North Island. I am tied to the passenger vessel Chimera. And she is afloat. Repeat, she is afloat. Over. North Island, have you got any additional information? Over. North Island, please repeat? Over. Roger, North Island. Arctic Warrior over and out. Passenger vessel "Chimera." I will spell: charlie hotel india mary echo romeo alpha. No registry information is available at this time. I have determined to the best of my ability that the vessel has been abandoned on the high seas at position one seven four west, five seven north at... Two zero one four hours zulu time. Over. A passenger liner, north island. Over. A passenger liner. Over. North Island, I wish to declare myself salvor-in-posession under section four two charlie of the International Maritime Convention. Don't fall asleep. You're late. Tomorrow we'll see if we can't find some line and tackle. Use some of those bodies below decks for bait. We'll stand the watch on deck tonight. You're up first. Then you're a lucky man. If money can buy what he wants. What the hell happened! Yeah. Conveniently enough for you. You didn't want us calling anybody. Too liable to ruin your big payday. Don't lie to me! You smashed it! The radio! I think you know. Just what the hell do you think you're doing?! There's no way we're gonna hide a few thousand pounds of gold from the Coastguard here. Besides, it'll be safer where it is. What do you propose? I guess the best strategy's just to tell them the truth. How do you mean? If they knew what they were carrying. It was a man's voice. Repeating some sort of children's rhyme. I don't know, it didn't make any sense. You didn't hear it? What is it? Murphy. Do what you need to do. Just do it fast. Can't you use something else? That'd be my guess. Could be meant as a warning. Bodies're too fresh. If he's reasonable, maybe we can make some kind of deal. If not. We'll have to re-consider our options. We'll stand a watch. Four on, eight off. Low man first. And what do you propose? That we knock this guy off? Not in the eyes of the law. If somebody's aboard her already, she ain't ours. She's theirs. Warm water current maybe, making the metal expand. Dreamin's all any of you're gonna be doing if we don't get this boat running. How about you Epps? The sooner we get under way, the sooner we are to spending what's ours. So we get a little more for the boat. Besides, the gold'll be safer where it is. It looks like it. A salvage claim to a vessel's cargo's as valid as a claim to the vessel itself. It's ours. Either way, they must've had a pretty good reason. Then it happened before they scuttled her. A ship with fifty million dollars in gold aboard, adrift? And nobody seems to care enough to come looking for it? It's a hell of a lot of money. She take a radio? Obviously it's some kind of screw up. The shipping records aren't a hundred percent accurate. Goddamit, Dodge. How long? How long, then? What about running number two by itself? We gotta get outa here, Dodge. A storm blows up and we're history. But how long? I know I know, two ways to do anything -- How much longer's that gonna take? I thought you said it was just a blade. What's this? How long to fix? What is it? With a little extra fuel, weather permitting, we should make Sitka in five days without another stop. The damn thing's been floating around for God knows how long and it hasn't hit anything yet. So we take it easy. A little of the old push pull. It's a risk I'm willing to take. You have any idea how much a ship like that could be worth in salvage? The fittings alone could go for a few million. What the hell would a freighter be doing up here? It's way out of the lanes. There's not a port for 800 miles. You aren't jealous, are you Dodge? I wish I could believe that. Either way, you know what I've done. I've got no choice. I think maybe you been on this boat a little too long, with all that supernatural mumbo jumbo. There's nothing supernatural about greed. And that's what it comes down to, pure and simple. I know a little bit about human nature and what I've seen only confirms that. I think I see it pretty well. I didn't want it to turn out this way. The way I figure it, it was them or me. I thought putting Dodge up on that pipe was a nice touch? Bought a little time. Made it look like whoever killed those Greeks was still around. But it's just us on this ship. Us and your... spirit friends. It was only a matter of time before somebody killed somebody. You saw it coming as well as I did. Dodge had his plans, starting with scuttling the boat. And Greer too, except he went nuts. Couldn't take it, I guess. Could've happened in the middle of downtown Anchorage. But did it make him any less dangerous? I don't think so. We're in an island chain. It's only a matter of time before we hit another one. We hit land. It's not the weather I'm worried about. The wrong current could drag us as far as the Aleutians before we come across another boat. Hard to say which is worse, staying here or taking our chances in open water. Crazy with greed. Not crazy. Not like him. Over the gold. What do you think? Leave him till we can get some help. From now on, nobody comes down here. Epps? You there? He's not on deck and I can't raise him on the radio. Either of you seen Dodge? Murphy to Epps. Why you? How come the rest of us haven't seen these people? What's that supposed to mean? That much I think we've already established. Victims of what? Maybe it was one of them did the handy work on those Greeks. Showing you what? What, like some kind of ghost? Not our mystery guest again. I don't know, are we? Never mind. Before your time. I think at least some of the crew went a little nuts. The usual stuff that happens when people stumble on a fortune. Equal parts greed and paranoia, usually resulting in homicide. What happened after that is anybody's guess. But, judging by our Greek friends down below, it doesn't look like the last time. I guess that's the sixty four thousand dollar question, isn't it? Wish I could say the same. Hey. Doesn't matter. Let 'em ask. This ship's legally ours now. If it was a ship she hit. But where's the damage? Collision? With what? Must not've been the captain's entry. He was probably out of the picture by then. February first. Smashed it up pretty bad. Somebody took it out of commission last night. The ah... the radio's out. If they were close enough to shore, they probably figured they could get away in the lifeboats. Possibly false. Hence the IMA record of being lost at sea. I don't think mutiny's out of the question here. No. I'll try again later. How's he doing? I'll call us in. Dodge, see how many signal flares you can scrounge up. Keep an eye on him. I don't know. No. Not Greer. Somebody. Just before I heard him yell there was somebody on the radio. You just shoot at something? Murphy to Epps. Got your light? No cowboy shit up there, understand? Dodge, get on that turbine. I don't care if you don't sleep for a week. The sooner you're done, the sooner we can get out of here. How's the food situation? We don't exactly have the best bargaining position. You sure it wasn't me? Are you sure? What? What the hell're you talking about. What guy? Who? Take it easy, you'll live longer. For now the best thing we can do is to keep quiet about this. Maybe. But there's always somebody whose interest's at stake. Only way to be. I think we'd be surprised where a drifting ship might wind up with a little wind and the right current. Nobody knows. There've been a lot of theories, of course. But we'll never really know for sure. She was a two-masted brig boat sailing out of New York in 1872. One day she was sighted off the coast of Portugal by a merchant vessel, the Dei Gratia. As the crew of the Dei Gratia got closer, they discovered that no one was at the helm of the Mary Celeste. On boarding, they found her completely deserted. The captain, his wife, their daughter, and the entire crew, all gone. The last entry in their log made no mention of any trouble. The table was even set for dinner. And in the nine days after the last entry, she sailed 700 miles without anyone aboard. Ever heard of the Mary Celeste? Her destination was Halifax, yeah. Some charts. A crew manifest. Looks like her last voyage was January 1953. The question is where the hell's she been since. Yeah. Thanks. The law's on our side. If they want to challenge it, let them try. Salvage fees on a vessel like this could come in around four million bucks. At least. Who knows, could be more. Could be a lot more. What I'm proposing is... we split it four ways. Candy? Nobody's going anywhere with that gold now. Anybody tries to board, we'll know about it. You can do what you want, Greer. But neither of us is gonna risk saving your ass down here if it comes to that. You think whoever did this is reasonable? Leave it. So whoever did this now has our shotgun. He took the shotgun and a light. The mooring hasn't come taught. Government weather. It's got a transmitter aboard. It's a Noaa buoy. Shut up. The coast guard has our last position. They'll send somebody out soon enough. A ship this size you can't exactly miss. Alright. Everybody grab your gear! This' is where we get off! We heard you scream. Any idea what you might've seen? Dodge found you out cold in one of the cabins. You've been out for about a day. You don't remember? How're you feeling? Drink up then. Maybe. Greek citizen. Merchant navy. Obviously we aren't the first to come across this ship. They probably stumbled across it just like we did. Couldn't have happened much more than a month ago. We'll have to take it easy then. I don't think we'll find much aboard the ship, but it's probably worth looking around. Would you hold on just a minute here, please? Look, there's no reason to panic now. Epps saw somebody. Fine. It's a big boat. Chances're real good he doesn't even know about the gold. If we stay cool, nobody'll be the wiser. The gold stays where it is til we're ready to go. Like I said, it'll be a hell of a lot safer there than here. Let's just take it easy here, alright? Nobody's gonna kill anybody. Greer? Not much at all, I guess. Retire. Live out my golden years and all that. We could call for help. Dodge, you gotta get on those repairs. It's worth the effort. Believe me. Besides we're gonna need her to prove the salvage. We leave it where it is. Stick to the plan. Not for fifty million. An ocean liner maybe. But fifty million in gold, they come looking for. Hard to say. Maybe forty, fifty million. Guess I must've fallen back to sleep. Where's Epps? Morning. Some classy tub in it's day, huh? So we cut her loose and wait it out. A little weather couldn't be anything she hasn't seen before. We've done it before. Whatever the reason, she's adrift and abandoned. We've got every right to salvage her. Sorry. Besides a little rust, everything's pretty well-preserved. It's funny. Steer to one eight five. Let's check her out. Too deep to anchor out there. Alright. I'll be right up. Yeah. Red sky in morning, sailor take warning. You got that right. He'll sell the scrap for three times what he paid. What do you say, Dodge? Of course they did. Go. You got about two seconds to get your paws off me, Tarzan. I heard you. But I'm choosing to ignore you. Epps, let's go. As I said, what seems to be the trouble? What seems to be the trouble, ladies? You're kidding, right? Fifteen, at the most. You pump it out and re-seam the hull, she'll be good as new. You got a leak in the number nine compartment. Better late than never.You want fair pay, make hamburger for Mickey D. Otherwise, please to sign. Twenty. You knock off twenty and then we see. After my guy looks at it. That cost me twenty grand at least. No, no. You got leak. What's this? I thought you say Tuesday.What -- Oh, Jesus... She's still alive? She died? Who wanted her little girl back? Agatha, you're never going back there. You want to spend the rest of your life in the temple? Why? Someplace safe. I can't leave. You said so yourself, there is no Minority Report. I don't have an alternative future. You were right. I'm not being set up. Every day for the last six years I've thought about only two things. The first was what my son would look like if he were alive today. If I would even recognize him if I saw him on the street. The second was what I would do to the man who took him. Oh, God... I have to find out what happened to my life. Agatha. I'm not going to kill the man. I don't even know him. I can't. I have to know. He's here. Agatha... He'll turn around. Forget that guy -- What? Agatha -- Agatha... Who? What? What? I'm sorry, but I need your help. You contain information. I need to know how to get it. Can you just tell me who Leo Crow is? Can you tell me if -- Wally! How did I not see this? Agatha, who killed you mother? Who killed Anne Lively? I'm so sorry... I just want him back... I want him back so bad... Anne Lively... Because I found out about her... Somewhere. Just some guy... they found. -- but he didn't. -- go blind. I know. The nano... what? I can't even stand up -- How do I find the -- So uh, if you were a plastic surgeon before... You set your patients on fire! You made those tapes... I put you away -- From where? D.C.? We know each other? It's all I could safely move. Because my mother gave them to me. What do you care? They're no good to you on the secondary market anyway. I know that, but I wanna keep the old ones. Yeah -- Right. I know -- That's comforting. Lara -- So she cleaned up. Where is she now? Just tell me about the intended victim. This Anne Lively... Try again. Why's he still a John Doe? Why wasn't he ever ID's from an EYEscan? ... Graveyard shift. You the only sentry? Show me just Agatha's data stream. This is the official composite of the three precogs? Victim's a white female. Drowning. No, you're not in trouble. I'm interested in a murder. You the sentry? Then go ahead, pull the trigger. No doubt the Precogs have already seen this. Beauty? The precogs don't even always agree with each other! I just wanted to congratulate you. You did it. You've created a world without murder. So what if you had to kill someone to do it. Everybody runs. I'm not getting halo'd. You know I can't do that. You can't do that... Lamar, I need you to talk to Wally, see if Witwer's gone inside the temple again. Then ask Jad for any off hour EYEdents into the analytical room -- Can you fake the cerebral output? I can't. They're following me right now. They'll meet me there. They'll halo me. I'm out of breath! I'm a fucking fugitive! I have no idea. I've never heard of him. But I'm supposed to kill him in less than thirty-six hours. Somebody named Leo Crow. This is all Witwer. He's setting me up. Just so you know, I've overridden the vehicle locator. I just wanted to talk to you before Justice -- We won't let them. I'm fine, Lamar. I go running down there. I'm fine. What? If he's looking for a flaw in the system -- Danny Witwer is scheduled for a tour of Containment tomorrow -- I'm saying the third prevision wasn't there. And that's not all. I spent a few hours down there and it turns out there's a dozen more cases with missing previsions. I understand. What's the other thing? Yes, sir. I understand. Sir. Lamar, I'm sorry. I don't know what -- Hang on, Lamar -- Uh-huh... Don't worry, Lamar. You don't have to chase me, Fletcher. Everybody runs. I show a cop on horseback. The brick has been repointed, the glass is original with new glazing bars. I show composite mouldings with dentils. Someone took care in the renovation. Let's find the architect... Get him some coffee and tell him to wait outside. All I need, some twink from the Fed poking around right now. Check again with the paper, they had it forwarded. See if the neighbors know where they went, check all relations -- You're kidding, that's today? Armor up -- sick-sticks and concussion guns -- this is gonna be close. Take your time. Uh, yeah, you mind getting me a piece of that cake they're eating down there? I'm starving. Still scrubbing... looks like there's a third party, somebody wearing shades just out the window... Confirm with trig and image. I show time of occurrence, Friday at fifteen-zero-six hours. Check NCIC, maybe he's got a record. Then send a protection team as soon as we lock the location. Start a location run and a contact search for future victim Leo Crow. And, Jad, I'll need a Last Known Sheet when you get it. Amazing there's someone within two hundred miles actually dumb enough to still do that. Red Ball? Jad. How come you're not out there with Father Witwer? Go back to work. All of you. Uh-huh. Jad? You guys are nodding your heads like you actually know what the hell he's talking about. Did Marks close the front door?! Did he close the front door? Now look at him... Look at the kid. In this one, he's on the left of the man in the suit. Georgetown. No maglev system. Send a DCPD blue & white out there, set up a perimeter and tell 'em we're en route. What's our confirmed time? Run the subscription list... Case #1108, previsualized by the Precogs and recorded on holoshpere by Precrime's q-stacks. My fellow witnesses for case #1108 are Dr. Katherine James and Chief Justice Frank Pollard. Okay, Jad, what's coming? You gonna tell on me? You set me up... There hasn't been a murder in six years. There's nothing wrong with the system. It's perfect. Why don't you cut the cute act, Danny, and tell me exactly what it is you're looking for? What does he think of your chosen line of work? Just a nickname. The precogs are pattern recognition filters, nothing more. There's no question. You don't have any. Maybe you didn't hear me. We keep a strict separation so that no one can accuse us of tampering. Cops aren't allowed inside the temple. To Hineman? It was Iris Hineman. She developed the Precogs, designed the system and pioneered the interface. The Precogs don't see what you intend to do, only what you will do. The fact that you prevented it from happening doesn't change the fact that it was going to happen. But it didn't fall. You caught it. You're certain? Why did you catch that? Yes, it is. They did. Make yourself comfortable. We'll be back in an hour. I'm sorry Danny, but I'll have to give you the full tour later on. Just go to the beginning! Are these all of her previsions? I like you, Wally, so I'm not gonna kick you, or hit you with anything, but only if you promise to help me... Wally, listen to me... She said... She spoke to me. She was looking right at me. Nothing... she grabbed me, and then there was an image on the screen... It helps if you don't think of them as human. Wally. This is Danny Witwer. He's from Justice and we're to give him a full run of the farm. Rufus, play it back... What happened? Where's the rest? Stop -- They don't belong to anybody. So now I need you to hack into her. C'mon, Rufus, you've been busted twice for felony hacking. She's got information inside of her. I need you to get it out. Rufus, for Christ's sake, get up. That's right. Rufus. She's a precog. I need help with her. I need your help. Sean, wait... Who are you? I wanted to. I was looking for you... I forgive you... I forgive you. Sean -- Oh, Sean -- You're alive? What the hell. It's a little late for that. Sean -- you're not real. All right, I'll try... Are you kidding? There's absolutely positively no way, on my best day, I could ever beat twelve seconds! Four. Wow. What a big boy. I love you, Sean. What a big boy. How old are you? That's great. Good-bye, Crow. Let go of the gun. Tell me! Who made you do this? Tell me, who was it, set this up? What about the picture -- What the fuck is going on? I'm asking you again, who made you do this? Crow. I'm not gonna kill you. Who said I would? The precogs were wrong. No. NO! Where've you got him? Is he all right? Tell me, you fuck -- WHERE IS HE?! He's alive? His name was Sean. Six years ago. Francis pool. Do you know who I am? Six years ago. Baltimore. You grabbed a kid at Francis public pool in the West End. Which one is that? How do I even know which one has it? I'll get EYEscanned a dozen times before I get within ten miles of Precrime. They'll pick me up... You're insane or you think I am. -- and then walk out. That's all, huh? Just walk right into Precrime, go into the Temple, somehow tap into the Precogs, and then download this Minority Report... Where? What safe place is that? You said they're destroyed. Why should I trust you? I'm not gonna kill anybody. You want to bring it down. I believe in that system... Insignificant to you maybe, but what about those people I put away with alternate futures? My God, if the country knew there was a chance they might not -- Answer my question. Did Lamar Burgess know about the Minority Report? Does Burgess know about this? About the Minority Report? You're saying that I've halo'd innocent people? Why? Jesus Christ -- why didn't I know about this? What? So you won't help me? Not if I stay away from him. I'm not a murderer. I've never even met the man I'm supposed to kill. You say some of the children died? And how did Lamar become involved? You're talking about the precogs... Heal who? You don't seem all that proud. What's so funny? You can tell me how someone... could fake a prevision. I'm... not... a... killer. The what? I'm a little dizzy...Lara, I don't know why this is happening. I just know they're setting me up. I can't trust anybody. I don't know who to talk to or where to go... Lara? Are you there? Nothing. I didn't kill him. He's dead, Lara.No doubt. People want to believe in the system. That's the beauty of it... John -- You can't run -- John. Please. Listen to me -- John. Just tell me, who's Leo Crow? We're years from that. John, I'm asking you: please, come in, we'll shut down the system until we get this thing figured out. How could Witwer have accessed the case file? Then come to my house. We'll talk -- All right, John, just take a breath, let's think about this... And who the hell is that? Stop. Just wait. Who's the victim? Justice already knows. Talk to me, John. Tell me what's happening? No? How's an old man and a cop on the whiff ever going to stop them? You understand, John, that the minute Precrime goes national, they're going to take it away from us. What if Danny Witwer came to you right now and insisted on a full chem run? In the middle of the night? I hear you've been spending a lot of time in the sprawl. She's worried about you. And, quite frankly, so am I. Lara called me. He's not. He's looking for a flaw in us, John. So give him a tour. He doesn't know enough to ask the right questions. And you say the third prevision was, what, a little fuzzy or something? Tuck in your shirt. You can let him look around, answer his questions, but watch him. If there's any problems, make sure we know about it first. I need you to do two things for me. One, watch Danny Witwer. You understand that a week from now people are going to vote on whether or not what we've been doing down here has been some noble-minded enterprise or a chance to change the way this country fights crime. Don't apologize, John. And this is exactly the kind of behavior that will give them an excuse to do it. Has the observer from Justice shown up yet? Which makes this the worst possible time to show that we're only human. The nation votes this week... Tell me not to worry, John. All right. Tell you what I'll do. First thing Monday, I'll look over the Witwer evidence and I'll have Gideon run the Containment files, see if anyone drowned a woman named -- what did you say her name was? But I also know why he married you: you're as stubborn as he is. I understand. Sean -- We know why John was tagged. I don't know who that is. Who? I was, but this whole incident with John made me realize the fragility of what we've built here. This is John's legacy as much as mine and I want to protect that. It's insanity around here. I haven't worn this damn thing in years. I just wanted to make sure it fits before tonight. This is all my fault. Thank you. This is Burgess. How did you get this? My God... I'll be right there. Not. Now. Tell him not now. Nothing. No footsteps coming up the stairs. No hovercraft out the window. No clickity click of little spyders. No one crashing through that door. And do you know why I don't hear any of those things, Danny? Because right now, the Precogs can't see. Shhh. You know what I hear? Yes. We teach the tech's to identify them and disregard... Yes... It's called an echo. The act of murder is such a violent disturbance in the future continuum that it sometimes repeats to the Precogs. How? Danny, tell me what you're thinking. I know. He came to me, told me about the missing data stream. He was concerned that you might find it. I don't understand -- It's the same prevision. He told me about this. You got this from Containment? Good God. What was that? Where are you? What? I don't want John Anderton hurt. He's my subordinate! None of your damn business. The man lost a child, for Christ's sake... The Mets. John doesn't think they've got a deep enough pitching roster this year, and I'm inclined to agree.You're not gonna kill me... Kill me! If I tell you, my family gets nothing. Fake. He gave it to me. Now -- -- shoot me, Goddammit, before I lose my nerve! I don't know -- I never saw his face. All I know is, the next day I was out, so the guy must've had juice somewhere. Look, man, you gotta go through with this. Look, believe me, I know it's hard, but you gotta do it -- Look, I've put my family through enough misery. You gotta kill me! This way I can leave 'em something. You're supposed to kill me. He said you would. If you don't kill me, my family gets nothing! But you have to. They said you would. You're not gonna kill me? It floated back up. I had to take him out and -- I put him in a barrel and sunk him in the bay. ... and that I needed his help. It wasn't so bad really. I sang him a song, made him laugh, bought him a pretzel. I took care of him. I made him happy. Some -- somebody's father? Did I? I don't recall... I got lots of kids from that place --No, I wanna kill my boss! Right here. I wanna kill my boss.I'm setting up a timer. When it goes off tomorrow, take off your bandages and get the hell out of here. But not before then, or you'll -- Organic microbots that reconstruct the nerves and blood vessels. It'll feel like fleas chewing on your eyeballs. But whatever you do, don't scratch. I know you're in a hurry, so I juiced up the nano-reconstruction around your new eyes. It goes from the bathroom to the kitchen. Here -- There's food in the refrigerator. Make sure you drink a lot of water. How can I do what I do now? Let's just say I spent a lot of time in the prison library. And put them out. Some not as quickly as others, but let's change the subject, shall we? The future is much more interesting than the past. Don't you think? They were performance pieces. Yes, you did. Baltimore. Eastside. Solomon P. Eddie M.D. I was a plastic surgeon. Oh, yes. You don't remember me, do you? Tell you what, since you and I go way back, I'll give you my Old Pal discount. How's that sound? That's not much. Whatever you say, John. Why? And replace them with new ones. Anesthesia. Try to relax, John. I'm saying I'll have to remove your eyes. Completely. You do understand I can't just give you new irises. The scanners will read the scar tissue. Alarms will go off. Large men with guns will appear... Don't worry. I could cut open your chest, sew a dead cat in there and you'd never get an infection. Not with the spectrum of antibios I'll be shooting into you.You don't have to do this, Chief. Don't run, Chief. You know we'll catch you. You trained us. Victims are pronounced here. Killers here. We never touch anything. What he's doing now, we call "scrubbing the image", looking for clues as to where the murder's going to happen. Uh, sir... I wrote it down in your calendar, then left a message at your house -- Chief, the investigator from the Fed is here. Seventeen minutes. How many? I was a Treasury Agent for eight years. Why? They could have been put away. Anderton could have found them. I don't know, why? He can't download her without a lot of technical help. We can stop him. Two? No offense, sir, but why wouldn't he just run? They're everywhere. Here's where we're at. Three men in a room. The victims here. Anderton here, and this unidentified male out the window. The exterior of the adjacent building suggests public housing, but I can't make out the location. Government architecture is modern/conformist which means -- Sir, the team's gonna be light without those men. What?! Don't worry. I'll bring him in unharmed. Because of the nature of murder. "There's nothing more destructive to the metaphysical fabric that binds us than the untimely murder of one human being by another". The information we need is embedded in the grain of wood. And since each piece is unique, the shape and grain is impossible to duplicate. Crime of passion. No premeditation. They show up late. Most of our scrambles are flash events like this one. We rarely see anything with premeditation anymore. That's the Red Ball Alarm. Not after the vote next week. Once the Amendment passes, we go national, there's gonna be nowhere to run. This is Evanna, the team pilot. John Anderton was my friend! Why don't I feel like celebrating? Knott! I think you're swell company, Knott.It's actually kind of a rush. They say you get visions; that your life flashes before your eyes. That all your dreams come true. You're part of my flock now, John. Welcome. Looks like she was a neuroin addict like John Doe here, but I show an address history that includes the Beaton Clinic. Hey, you wanna know where the word came from, "glitch?" No... we have the two previsions from the twins right here, but... ... I can't pull up any data from the female. Probably just a glitch. Huh, we don't seem to have her data. On account of those are not his eyes. He had 'em swapped out to fool the scanners. Not to mention, "Saved by the bell". Hence the expression... I work graveyard, swing and day all by my lonesome. For that, we have to go for a ride. That's right. It's a combined data stream based on all three previsions. That's an old one. One of our first. This about the Justice Department? They laid on a tour for tomorrow a.m. Told me to wear a tie. You like this one? Kill type? I don't ever see any of you precops down here, I'm not in trouble am I? Yes, sir. I'm Gideon. The music relaxes the prisoners.I forgot my glasses. Sure. Raincheck. Ah. That must be why you look so nice. We could have lunch together. I'll reschedule. I've been working too much anyway. The man across the street. I've seen him before... He looks familiar.Sure, Chief. I think I'll grab one for myself while I'm at it... Any ID on the shooter yet? That was easy. I've got no address -- last known or otherwise -- no tax returns for the last five years. The victim's name is Leo Crow. Nope. Somebody's thinking about this one. We're in motion on something. Sir? Come on, Chief, you think about it, the way we work -- changing destiny and all -- we're more like clergy than cops. What? Go ahead. Yeah? So? The mall? Somewhere near the capital? From solar position, Trig & Image confirms it at approximately eight oh-four a.m. Got him in the Foxhall. 4421 Gainsborough. We can't grab it... We need confirmation on the time frame. Location still uncertain. Remote witnesses are hooked in... Red Ball -- double homicide: one male, one female. Killer's male, white, 40's.You "friend's" a murderer and he ruined our perfect record. Six years, not one damn murder... Cause all of a sudden you got no one you can fucking brown nose anymore. People, if you don't let the spyder scan you, we'll have to come in and arrest you. It's not at all that you don't trust me to be alone with the Chief. That you think I might, you know, fuck with him, if I had the chance... That's why you asked to partner with me on this little sortie, isn't it?Uh, I'll try... I guess that's all of it. Tell me how. Then take her to Radio Shack. I tell you what. I do this, I get to keep whatever images I get from her head. So? No. No way. I wouldn't even know where to begin! Those thoughts about my cousin Elena -- they were just thoughts. I would never -- I'm sorry for whatever I'm gonna do! And I swear, I didn't do any of the stuff I did! Are you reading my mind right now? She's a precog? I'm impressed, Anderton. You're on the lam, but you still got the time and energy to slice off a little jerky for yourself. Well, hello there, honey-pie. Well, hey, you didn't have to come all the way down here. For you, Chief, I make housecalls... Detective. Nice of you to come down here. Seeing as every cop in the world is looking for you right now. Jesus, what's up with your eye? Get the hell outta here. You sick bastard. Uh, yeah, being concert master of the Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra is one of our most popular choices... Good. What I can do is set you up down in the -- Uh-huh. Okay. You got some images I can work with? Near Death's real popular right now, which includes everything from getting hit by a car, to falling off a high building to plane crashes. It's a big rush, you come out the other side without a heart attack.Hold your breath, Dad... I'm your son. I'm you. Good-bye, Dad... I know that. I know you would have done anything to find me. I know you would have died for me. The more you want to believe something, the easier it is to be fooled. Once I even told him I loved him. I feel bad about that. I need you to forgive me. The funny thing is, I started to believe he really was my Dad. No. He got tired of pretending. I lived for a year with a man who was pretending to be my father. He took me all over the world. Wanna hear something funny? You gotta have faith, Dad. Come on! Okay... now let me time you. I love you, too! I love you daddy. Love ya, dad. I won! I scored a goal!Okay. Fine. Where the hell is that? There's no way of knowing for sure. She could've forgotten whatever it is you're looking for... Oh... Hi, John. Do I know you? Who are you? To you? I don't think so... What'd she say? It could have been a nightmare... Sometimes they dream about the old murders. She grabbed you? Impossible. The Precogs aren't even aware of us. In the milk all they see is the future. Her pituitary dumped a week's worth into her system... What did you do to her? They're not in any pain. We keep their heads pretty well stocked with dopamine and endorphins. Plus, we maintain careful control over their serotonin levels -- don't want 'em to drift off to sleep, but they can't be kept too awake either. I can't touch you! And John, you can't be in here! You'll confuse them! Maybe if he'd taken one of the males. But the female, she's the key. She's the one they listen to, the one with the most talent. The one who takes care of the other two. You don't understand... they're a hive mind. It takes all three for their predictive abilities to work. What do you think? So he can kill whoever he wants to without anyone knowing about it. They've never been separated before. Shhh! They're sleeping.Possession alone will cost you six months, not to mention your badge. It seems I've found a flaw, John You. I'll write the paranoia off to the whiff you been doping on all night. I agree. The system is perfect. If there's a flaw, it's human. It always is. Thank you for the tour, Wally. Flaws. At least now you -- and I -- have the chance to make sure that kind of thing doesn't happen to anyone ever again. I don't know. He was shot and killed when I was fourteen on the steps of his church in Bethesda. Sorry. Old habit. I spent three years at Fuller Seminary before I became a cop. My father was a minister. Lutheran. The oracle isn't where the power is anyway. The power's always been with the priests. Even if they had to invent the oracle. But you call this room the "temple". I find it interesting that some people have begun to deify the precogs. I have a warrant in my pocket that says different. If it's a question of authority. So I'll be the first one to go in then? Really? You've never been inside? To them. Speaking of interfacing, I'd love to say hello. Then why can't they see rapes, or assaults... or suicides? You ever get any false positives? Someone intends to kill his boss or his wife, but they never go through with it. How do the precogs tell the difference? Yes. Because it was going to fall. But it's not the future if you stop it. Isn't that a fundamental paradox? You mind if I tag along? As I recall, they outlawed compression firearms in the District ten years ago. Your secretaries were all kind enough to give me a look around the office... What? Of course, it would have to be someone with access to the Prevision in the first place, someone fairly high up -- So there is a way to fool the system? Precog Deja Vu... By fooling the system. All someone would have to do is wait for Precrime to stop the murder from taking place, then, a few minutes later, commit the crime in exactly the same way. I'm thinking someone got away with murder. I did find it. It was inside of Agatha all this time. So the question is, why would someone want this erased from the data file? According to the Sentry, Anderton was watching this at Containment right before he was tagged. This murder is happening at two different times. Now the second image. Watch the water. The wind's changed. The ripples are going the other way. Not quite. Yes. This is from the twins, Arthur and Dashiel. Agatha's stream was missing. Now this one is from the cyberparlor. Anderton downloaded it directly from Agatha. Watch... Wait, just a second... I don't wanna say over the phone, but I think we may be chasing the wrong man. Lamar, I found something. Shall we call the Attorney General? I'm sure he'd be happy to clarify the issue for you. Oh, it's all my damn business now, Lamar. Investigation of a supervising office for a capital crime falls under federal jurisdiction... so as to rule out any possibility of conspiracy. He's my suspect. Six years ago. What did you two talk about yesterday afternoon? Why are you protecting him? You knew he was doping, yet you did nothing about it. He came to see you yesterday. Right before he got tagged. What did you talk about? None. This was arranged. I worked homicide before I went federal. This is what we would've called an "orgy of evidence". Do you know how many orgies I had as a homicide copy, Gordon? Treasury... Then this would be your first actual murder scene. What kind of cop were you before this? If you were a child killer, you took these pictures, would you leave them out on the bed for anyone to find? There a maid in this hotel? No. He can't... He's trying to prove his innocence. She's in the room with him when he kills Crow. She's already a part of his future. It doesn't matter. He wins. There are two others in the room besides Anderton and Crow. Because he thinks he's innocent. Anderton's smart enough to go where electronic billboards and other media can't ID him to pick his pocket. There's fewer consumers down there, which means fewer scanners to target him. There's thousands of units like this one. Yes, I know. Actually, Gordon, you're not gonna do that. I'm taking control of the team. Somehow, I don't think that was Walt Whitman. I'm sure you've all grasped the legalistic drawback to precrime methodology. People have gotten the message. Gum? Can't they shut that off? So if you wanna kill someone, you take him to Miami. Nice to meet you. Gum? But I've seen the three hundred hours of your image he's got stored away. To prevent a murder. Sooner or later, he's going to contact you. You know I need to use you. Lamar Burgess thinks that you left John because he lost himself in Precrime instead of you. Not very well, I'm sure. I'd probably start doping myself. Or maybe I'd... He took out his gun and sat down to watch his home movies. This is all in your statement, Lara... What was it then? You said in your divorce papers that he tried to kill himself. But John was with him at the pool? You mean after he lost your son. Have you been there recently? So you haven't seen his apartment? You ever heard him mention the name Leo Crow? Thank you. He hasn't tried to contact you? He's not here now, is he? Just sugar then. You and John ever come here? Cream and sugar. I like it. This your work? My name is Danny Witwer. I'm -- Jesus... Are you telling me they can't see murders anymore? Wally, the other two can still function, right? But there's still the other two. What does he want with a precog? Tell me how all this works. Nice to meet you, Wally.FUCK YOU, I'M GONE! She's got your gun, that's what she's thinking! The FUCK you had to bring a gun for?! WHO THE FUCK BREAKS IN THROUGH THE NEIGHBOR'S HOUSE?! Hey man, it's the neighbor's house, who breaks in through the neighbor's house?! Not that one. Bullshit. Get the fuck away from me. -- posed to mean? Let me fucking finish this so we can get out of here. That's your problem. She's gonna handle it. It's not her fault, it's not her fault, the guy must have called them. Look, look, look, she's telling us. Are you gonna open the safe? Yeah, just like a half hour, maybe a little more, and your mom'll give it to you. You can wait a half hour, can't you? The hell does she want? Are you okay? Yeah. Yeah, I got an idea. I gotta check something. Okay, okay! Okay. I can't just... This is ridiculous... I can't... I can't. What? What do you want me to do? Please... Yes. Burning me. It's burning my eye. Me. I am. Stop it! Stop it! The fuck did you do that for?! Just sending a message. She'll get the point. Make her come out. And when she does, that's when we gotta be careful. She can't get out of this house. She can't even think she can get out of this house. We just keep them here and keep them quiet for forty-five minutes. And I don't want Joe Pesci here standing over them with his fat sweaty finger on the trigger. That's a sure way for us to end up with two dead bodies and little puffs of smoke burning out of our heads up in Greenhaven. So we're gonna seal the place up. They wanna hole up in here? Fine, we'll help 'em. Make it impossible for them to leave. Once they come out of that room. Who else but God could think this shit up? I spend ten years building those fucking rooms to keep people out, now I gotta figure out how to get in. God, man, He just loves the irony. God. She didn't. Peace out. I don't want Raoul to administrate that part. Not with me. Not with people. A woman and a little girl, both asleep upstairs. I mean it! You walk out that door and you lose your share of the money. We're not leaving. I'm getting in that room, and I'm opening that safe. What about us? Hey man, after all we went through I am not walking out when we're this close. Do me a favor and don't talk. Hey. Cell phone. Junior, you gigantic idiot, how are we supposed to get into the room if they pass out? They're gonna die in there! We're trying to scare them, not kill them! I did. Can't. Whole point. Can't get in the room. She lied. Cops woulda been here by now if she called 'em. Besides, Junior cut the phones. I'm afraid to let you think, Junior. Things get worse when you think. Oh, that's gonna help. When you said you'd let 'em go I thought she'd come running right out for sure. Got her right where you want her, Junior. Pure idiot. Yeah. Kidnapping. The fuck did you bring a gun for? What tables? I've never seen him before. Where did you get this clown? Asshole. What about us? What if she has a gun? She'll call the cops, they'll be here before I get unpacked. Unless Daddy comes back later. This is insane. I'm outta here. Who is this guy? You're an idiot. Exactly how is fourteen days almost three weeks? That's why the key didn't work, they changed the locks. This was your department, Junior. Keep your voice down. I know.The sentence that started "There are three." What was the rest? May I ask what the rest of that sentence was going to be? Your husband says you said "There are three..." right before you got cut off. You don't look so good. Can we come in? We'd like to come in. Can we come in? 'Bout four o'clock. Everything okay?Not at all. Reinforced steel core walls. Buried phone line, completely separate, not connected to the house's main line and never exposed throughout the house's infrastructure or outside the house -- you can call the police; nobody can cut you off. Your own ventilation system, complete with oxygen scrubber, so you've got plenty of fresh air for as long as you like. And a bank of video monitors -- It's quite in vogue in high end construction right now. One really can't be too careful about home invasion. Could the child please stop that? Master closet. I hardly see how family gossip is germane to showing the property. Master bath. Third floor, spare bedroom, den, what have you. Mr. Pearlstine used it as an office. I don't have to tell you there is an acute shortage of living space in Manhattan right now and this is a highly unique property. One day you will learn to respect other people's time, Lydia, one day you -- Push that button for me, will you? That's highly inappropriate. Everything's spring-loaded, even if the power's out it's fully functional. A safe room. An inner sanctum. A castle keep, in medieval times. Working elevator. Mr. Pearlstine, the previous owner, was disabled the last ten years of his life. Highly unusual, the elevator, you will not find this in ninety percent of brownstones.Adios. Yeah, whatever. Lookin' doubtful there, Big Guy, but ten out of ten for attitude. Close? Are you insane? We're nowhere near close! Fuck this, I'll make an anonymous phone call on Monday, they'll find the floor safe, and I'll inherit the shit. Little piece of it, anyway, it's better than nothing. Jesus, what was I thinking? And we're never getting in. She's never coming out. Shit! Nobody is gonna die, man, will you please have the balls to follow through with a good idea? Think about it, what would you do if you were them, stay in there and choke to death, or come out?! Huh? We're just getting them to come out for forty-five minutes, forty-five fucking minutes! The worst that's gonna happen is they pass out, we drag 'em out here into the fresh air, and they'll be fine. They're coughing. Be quiet. Open it. Yes. Yes, it's all terrible ironic and amusing. You fuck. Now how are you gonna get us into that room? She said she did. Okay, fuckball, you think. What are we gonna do? Shut up and let me think. Shut up. I am. I'm an idiot's son. An idiot's grandson. I'm third- generation idiot. But for once in my life I had a good idea, and I'm not giving up so easy. You are? Are you actually telling me that for the first time in your life you're gonna throw your cards on the table and go home early? I can't believe my eyes. Fourteen million dollars upstairs, Burnham. You'll be out of the hole. Baby, you'll be so far out of the hole you could draw bricks every night for the next twenty years and still shit green. Come on, Buddy. One more hand. Not if we keep 'em here. You can't kidnap somebody in their own house. It's just breaking and entering, unless we take 'em someplace. Or something like that, I'm pretty sure. It's still a good plan. It's just... got a twist. Different tables. I met him at the tables, same as you. And frankly, I'm grateful we have a little muscle right about now. A guy shows you a gun, Burnham, and you insult him? Hey, who's the idiot? Huh? Raoul, what in God's name do we do if she has a gun? They won't get hurt. So we keep an eye on her. Raoul can totally administrate that part. Forty-five minutes. That's all you said you need. That's like nothing. Daddy's not coming back, she's in the middle of a divorce, it's just the two of them. We're okay, here. We can do this, right? Raoul is cool. That's all you need to know. I mean, right? Isn't it? Fourteen business days. Escrow is always business days. Fourteen day escrow, man, that's almost three weeks! They shouldn't be here for another week! They don't own this house yet! They're not supposed to be here! They're not supposed to be here! Fuck! Fuck. Observe. Suit yourself. We're leaving. What is this shit you're talking all of a sudden? You're a bus driver, "Homes," you live in Flatbush, so please don't start spouting some Elmore Leonard shit you just heard because I saw that movie too, No, you will not, because without Burnham there's no way in hell we're gonna get into that safe, so as far as I'm concerned he can paint your ass blue and run it up a flagpole and you won't lay a finger on him, you understand me? That's right, Raoul, it wasn't your idea, none of this was your idea, it was mine, it's my family we're ripping off, it's my prick grandfather who built that fucking room, it was my idea to get the plans, I found the floor safe, and it was my idea to ask a guy who builds these rooms to help break into one! Me, me, me, I, I, I, at no point did I say "you" or Raoul," got it? "Half?" What did you, take a nap in math class? Three people, three shares, one third. Four point six six six repeating. We're not gonna do anything about him, he's fine. He's right, we can't get into the room if they're dead! Cut it back a little bit. Wait a minute, wait a minute. We can still handle this. Can we still handle this? It's okay, Raoul.YOU KNOW HOW THIS IS GONNA GO! We've got the Kid! WE'VE GOT YOUR KID!! What the fuck is she thinking?! NOT THAT ONE?! The walls are steel, right? You know how this gotta end. The kid in here. The other two when we come out. You're here with me, you're already on the hook for one. Buy one, you get the rest for the same price. You know that. You finish. Then we finish. That's their problem. She better. She's fuckin' crazy, she killed the kid! She just killed her own kid! You're wasting your fucking time, man, you're wasting my time. You don't know how to do this, and the longer we stay in here, the more likely she's gonna lose it and call the cops! Yeah. She can. She's fine, she's just like, tired, she's gotta rest. You rest, Kid. Half an hour. I don't know, she keeps screamin' the same thing over and over. Hurry up, for Christ's sake! You got an idea? Th -- Two. Squeeze harder. One. Squeeze. You got till the count of three. Then you end up like him. You can. You're full of ideas. You just need to squeeze one out. What do you think? Get us into that room. Remember that. I have the gun. That's right. Who's the clown now? Huh?! Who's the fucking clown now?! Fuckin' asshole, thinks he knows me. Drives his German car up to 125th Street a couple of times, buys a few rounds, thinks he's a tough guy, thinks he knows me. You don't know one thing about me! You should see the look on your face. He said open it. So what the fuck are we supposed to do?! There is not one thing funny here. What the fuck is funny about this? What if she called the cops? You're welcome. No problem. You're fuckin' A we can do this. What? Nobody leaves. The hell we are. Don't take no tone of voice with me, Homes. He puts his hands on me again I'll bury a slug in his ear. I'm just saying, the man is a problem. And he's your problem. Wasn't me idea to bring him along. If you think I'm gonna let my half of the fourteen million bucks slip away because of -- No fucking way. It's just the woman and the kid? Watch your mouth.No, no, no. Ok, bye-bye. Yes, I'll be there. Well, I can't talk though -- I have a few people here, I can't really chat right now. I'm just working....I have some customers here..... Hello, Karen. I'm just working. This is Barry. D&D Mattress Man. Somewhere in Utah. Ok. Thank you. Do you realize that the monetary value of this promotion and the prize is potentially worth more than the purchases? So, just to clarify, I'm sorry: Ten purchases of any of your Healthy Choice products equals five hundred miles and then with the coupon the same purchases would value one thousand miles -- It's hard to understand because it says in addition to but I can't exactly understand in addition to what because there's actually nothing to add it too... I'm looking at your advertisement for the airline promotion and giveaway? ...yes I'm still on hold... -- all I want is the number of where she's staying and that should be god damn good enough, now stop treating me this way, please -- Just Give Me The Number Elizabeth Please Now I think I will kill you if you don't. There is no reason for you to treat me like you do -- you're killing me, you are killing me with the way that you are towards me -- I just want to know where she's staying. I....please don't do this. ......she forgot her purse at my work and I wanted to get it back to her. Do you know where she's staying in Hawaii? ....she didn't, I didn't ask her out? Nothing. I'm just at work and I'm wondering, you know your friend Lena? Goodbye. I have no idea. It's not mine. Yeah I can't. I didn't ask him that. He's lying. What? I don't know. I'm not being scared, you're just going to rag me if I do this -- I don't do that. I don't - things like that. I feel really on the spot now. It's fine, but -- I'm gonna call you back. I'm sorry. I have work, I can't leave. Yeah I can't. I don't know. I'm not, I'm very happy. No. Well I'm glad you didn't, thank you. Did I say that? Hello everyone. Well, yeah, thank you, but -- I know. Yeah, no, it's not, it's just -- ...please, I just don't want it.... Please don't. I don't think I'm going to the party. Yes but I get tense and I feel like I can't be myself if that happens. Yeah but please don't do that: everyone would be looking at me. Yeah, but please don't do that. Well I don't want to do something like that. Oh yeah no I don't want to do that. Yes, indeed, yes I am. Hello. Hello? She is. I think, why did you come here like this? No I'm sorry, now I have to get off the phone.... I have to go. This is not cool. This is....illegal....I'll call the police. I didn't lie. I know I did. But I don't. I don't have a girlfriend -- This makes me very uncomfortable. No. No. We got disconnect -- why?.....you're calling me at work....how did you get this number -- ? Hello? ....what....? No. I'm sorry. Yes I can't....I don't make enough money to be able to do that. You have trouble, financial trouble? Yes, no, yes. I can't. I can't afford that. I'm sorry. Sorry. I know but I....how much is it? I can't really. Yeah, no. I mean. I can't afford it. Me? Yes. Uh-huh. Yes. Not very late. I'm going to work. Yeah. No. It's ok. What's goin' on? Hi....what....what's up....? I'm fine. Who is this? Hello? Ok. SEXY VOICE Yeah...that's it...God I Am So Horny...I wish I was there to help you.....I wish I was there for you, Barry. No. I do pretty good, I think. I wish I was making more, doing a little bit better. I can,t get over a certain hump. I will...I will crack something soon I think and really do better...I'd like to diversify...but I'm doing great, I think, as a start. I have my own business....I work. I work hard at doing my business. You sound very cute, very nice. Sometimes when I'm lonely. ...yeah..... She's...not here...she went out. She went out of town, she travels a lot. ...yes... No. It doesn't matter. Really? Well. I have no way of knowing. So it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. Really? No. ...just talking to you.... ....no.... Sure. No. No, I mean, what city, what state are you in? Where are you? No. Nothing. Hi. This is Jack. Yes. Hello, this is Back. If you give me six to eight weeks I can redeem the mileage and then I can with you wherever you have to travel...... Ok. I'm sorry. Lena I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry that I left you at the hospital..... I called a phone sex line. I called a phone sex line before I met you and then these four blond brothers came after me and you got hurt and I'm sorry -- and I had to leave because I don't want you to get hurt again and now I'm here and I'm back and I have a lot of pudding that I can redeem in six to eight weeks and if you give me that much time I can get enough miles to fly with you wherever you have to go if you have to travel for your job because I don't want to be anywhere without you.....can you please let me redeem the mileage? Let's go to the hospital. Yes I'm sorry. Are you ok? I thought that you were anyway. Yeah. I forgot about that. That's right you travel so much. How many times have you been on an airplane? I don't have any business here. I came here for you, I didn't have any business. For what? This is nice. This is funny. IIIIIIIIIII don't want to hurt anything ever, but what I'm talking about is -- have you ever held a little puppy or a little kitten and it's just the cutest, softest, most precious thing in the world and out of the blue you get this feeling in your gut and all you wanna do is squeeze it. Just fuckin squeeze the shit out of it. To take a little puppy and smash its skull...just so precious, so beautiful. Just so god damn wonderful and cute you wanna smack it and kick it and love it. Fuck. I don't know. I don't know. And you, you.....I'm looking at you and I just....your face is so beautiful I just wanna smash it, just smash it with a sledgehammer and squeeze it...you're so pretty. I know what you mean, I know what you mean, I get this feeling -- What's that? What is that that you're doing? Do you wanna have sex? This really looks like Hawaii here. Yeah......yeah..... Ok. Where are you from originally? Ok. So you were married for how long? Where you married? I just wanted to make sure. You don't have a boyfriend or anything do you? I'm calling you, I'm standing in my hotel room, I came because I have my business trip -- Yes. It's Barry. Lena? Have a good trip. I don't freak out. I don't, no matter what my sisters say, ok? I don't freak out very often. I'll see you later. That was good. So what do I do then? Really? Hi. This is Barry. Ok. Have a good trip. I don't know. Yeah, I don't know, we'll see about that. Yeah. It was nice to see you again, to see your face again, to go out with you -- Ok....well...I'm gonna go. Yes no not really. Yes? I'm trying. ...yes I did...? What? Well, it's fine. Thank you. Yes I'm fine. Everything is ok. It's fine. Everything is fine. There's a better place for us to eat. I have a better idea of where we can go. Nothing. Nothing. Yes. My friend Carlos is doing it who works with me. It's his. It's his pudding, he's doing it. It's not mine. He's crazy. I told him not to do it. He's the one who's insane. He only spent about one hundred dollars so far though -- No I didn't say that. ....No.... ....yeah.... You see if you spent $3,000 dollars on pudding you could earn over one million frequent flyer miles. You see? That's what's used to redeem the mileage, so in noticing the pudding, each cup had an individual bar code -- in other words: Two dollars and fifty cents for ten cups of pudding is 500 miles. Add in the coupon: it's one thousand. You see? -- the promotion says: buy any 10 Healthy Choice products and get 500 miles of airline travel or 1,000 for purchases made with a special coupon. So in the supermarket, you notice their products, first you notice they have a Teriyaki Chicken Dinner at $1.79 - that's a pretty good deal....but then I noticed they had soup at 89 cents a can.....and you start to do the math and you start to notice that it's a really amazing deal because I stumbled across the pudding at 25 cents a cup. Now the crucial thing is the bar codes on the label. That's those little bar codes, you know? The universal product codes? ....I'm sorry....I lost my thoughts, what I was saying.... So that pudding was bought, I bought that pudding because of a pretty interesting promotion that's sponsored by Healthy Choice and American Airlines. It's designed to encourage airline travel and obviously designed to encourage buying Healthy Choice products. They make frozen meals, deli meats, pasta sauce, breads, soups and ice creams, this sort of thing..... That's nice. It's nice. I've been looking around a lot lately at promotional giveaways, cross promotional work by some companies. Do you remember all that pudding? Did you really come to meet me on purpose or are you lying about that? You like her? How long have you known her? That's very nice. Thank you. Thank you for saying that. You're friends with my sister? ...really? That's nice...are you lying? It's Barry. ....Hi..... Alright? I didn't ask anyone for a shrink, that was someone else. Also: This pudding is not mine. Also: I'm wearing a suit because I had a very important business meeting this morning and I don't have a crying problem. This is funny. Sure. Sure. Sure. Ok. -- yeah that would be great, if I was gonna go but I'm not exactly sure, I have so much goin on here -- A lot depends on this thing I might do here and if that happens I can't go and if it doesn't happen then I probably will, but I doubt it. -- I'm probably not gonna go though. I was, yeah, I was thinking about going there for business -- That's great -- Hawaii. I was thinking about going there. Are you guys hurt? It's ok. That's ok. How long have you worked with Elizabeth? That's not mine it's one of the guys that works here. That pudding's not mine. That must be nice. That must be really, really, really great. Do you have brothers or sisters? Yes. LENA Elizabeth has a picture of you guys -- your sisters and you, it's a lot of family, it must be nice. Yeah, not really. No. Not at all. It's nice. It's fine. It was fun, though. Yes I do. Hi. Ok. Thank you. Yeah. I think that'll be fine. Not very well. I don't know. I don't know. They don't get opened until eight. No. Bye. Ok. Ok...because of the time difference if you needed to call me early? If you wanted to call me back I could... Did you have my home phone number? It's a plastic, yeah. ....I'm not exactly sure what that means... Can I pay you here? Can I pay you for our drinks and salad? Sorry. Please don't do this to me. Yeah, but I didn't do anything. I didn't do it. Why? I know. Why? ...what? I didn't do that. On my knife. I cut myself. I don't know. No. No. Yeah. Why? I thought I was just gonna be connected to talk to a girl - that's fine, ok, I'm sorry, it's, um.....818.... No I just....I don't want to, I just want to be connected to talk to a girl. I just don't want anyone to know it's me. Can you say that my name is Jack? 337-09-9876. But I don't want anyone to know my name. 337.....I'm sorry.... -- and this is confidential? What's that for? Barry Egan. .....1274 Moorpark. Sherman Oaks, California. #4. 91403. ...3407 2627 3444 8095 expiration 05/04. It's....confidential, the call, my information is private. ......and this is confidential? Can I ask how much is this? Yes it is. Hello, how are you? Thank you. Can we agree that that is that? Yes I did. I'm a nice and reasonable man. I didn't do anything wrong. Please don't make me hurt you. And I'm telling you: that if you ever hurt me or if you hurt someone that I love.....I will hurt you many, many, many times over.....because it's not right to take people's trust. YOU FUCK OFF. YOU FUCK OFF AND DIE I WILL HURT YOU FOR HURTING HER. YOU HURT HER. NO. NO. DON'T YOU SAY THAT. You are bad. You are a bad person. you are a bad person and you have no right to take people's confidence in your service -- YOU GO FUCK YOURSELF. YOU GO FUCK YOURSELF. YOU GO FUCK YOURSELF. MY LOVE WAS HURT, SHE GOT HURT. I AM IN LOVE WITH HER AND YOU HURT YOU AND YOU ARE GONNA FUCKING GET HURT. YOU DON'T TOUCH HER, I LOVE HER. I haven't even told you what's happened. Your girl that you have that works there for you threatened me and two men just chased me -- extorted money -- DEAN Go fuck yourself that shit doesn't have anything to do with me - this is a legitimate bossiness. What? Hello, my name is Barry Egan and I called your service -- ....I have seven. .....Well yes I do.... But one more thing I wanted to tell you guys about the new plungers is that we're making the handles now in a non-breakable material called..... Sorry about that. Yes.....we do ask for....30 to 60 days.... We back our plungers 100% and we do ask for a 30 to 60 day display on the floor..... I don't know if there's anything wrong with me because I don't know how other people are.....Sometimes I cry a lot.....for no reason. I don't have anyone to talk to things about and I understand it's confidential with a doctor - I'm embarrassed about that and I don't want my sisters to know? I know that. Maybe you know other doctors? I don't like the way I am sometimes. Can you help me? WALTER Barry, I'm a dentist, what kind of help do you think I can give you? I wanted to ask you because you're a doctor, right? And I'm sorry that I did that. Well I'm sorry. Before... That was weird. I meant good. Business is very food, thanks. ELIZABETH What's very food? Hi Walter. Fine, thank you. That's not true. That's not true at all. You said that your name was Georgia and you said our conversation was confidential and I trusted you and you kept calling and asking me for money, c'mon now I want to talk to your owner, your supervisor, whoever runs this, you understand. Please connect me now. My name is Barry Egan and I spoke to you....you called me, you remember? No, no, no, no, nO, NO, NO! How am I supposed to know what to do if you don't say it -- if it's not in your rules and regulations in your fine print how am I supposed to know how to be with this -- I had this whole thing in my head, I was gonna be able to get this to you today -- I have to leave today -- No, no, no, no, no. What do you mean? It doesn't state anywhere about six to eight weeks. Well I had to go to Utah...but now I'm here and I'll be right back. Let's just figure that out later -- Ok. I gotta go. I'm just gonna go now and I'll call you from there, you're in charge 'till I get back. And don't tell my sisters anything? He exits. ....now: this pudding? That's funny. You know you can get places in the world with pudding. That's funny. Alright: And I have to go and buy some more pudding for this trip to Hawaii and as I just said that out loud I'm realizing it sounds a little strange but it's not. So can you come and help me out? Yeah but you can't tell my sisters that. I'm going to go to Hawaii but you can't tell my sisters that. Ok. Well. I'm gonna go out of town. I'm going to go out of town just for two days... ....I made a call..... ....and, uh.... I think I got in trouble. A little bit of trouble.... I have to talk to you in a second about that, Lance, ok? I'll tell you...the guy...with...just talk to me later about it, ok? ...I'll tell you later. It's not a piano. LANCE! LANCE! MAKE SURE THAT YOU CALL THAT GUY IN TOLEDO. Let's just leave it there for now. No thanks. No.........but airline miles are just like a currency these days. That's part of a very interesting airline promotion giveaway that's really tremendous. I'm going to start a collection of pudding and coupons that can be redeemed for frequent flyer miles through Healthy Choice and American Airlines -- Hi, Lance. ...it just....I don't know....I don't know. I don't know. I think it's a piano....a small piano. ....yes..... Um....I bought one. I thought maybe it would be nice to get dressed for work, can I show you something? Yes I'm fine. Hey...Lance....can I..... You know, please, I just wanna say that I didn't say I would help her out; I was very clear about it....I don't think that this is fair.....wait, wait, wait, ouch, ouch..... Alright, alright. No. Yes. Yes. Nothing....I mean, really...change, nothing....that's the cash I have.... It's three hundred and twenty dollars, just take it. Just take it, take the money in my pockets, take it, it's fine -- Whoa...whoa...wait, wait -- don't please.... Please don't do this. Wait a minute -- What? Hi. I'm sorry, I know. I know that it's.... Each pudding cup has to be scanned individually so that...it's for a giveaway...a product giveaway by this company... Yes. Sorry. I'm sorry. They need to be scanned individually. They each have a bar code, so I need it scanned individually so that each and every cup appears on the receipt... Yes, yes, right. I don't really remember that. I won't. I'll see you there. Ok. I know. I know. I know. I know. Ok. I know. I won't. Seven o'clock. I'm just talking on the phone to you and standing. Nothing. Yes I am. Hi, Kathleen, I'm just working. This is Barry.How many sisters do you have? I didn't know you had a sister? I think you have a call? You do guaranteed sale? etc.Ok. This is what you get when you're a pervert -- you said you'd help someone out and you didn't so we're just getting some money for her and that's that. HEY. You made a fucking sex call and now you're gonna pay. It's not a big thing -- just give us some money and then it's over -- we'll just walk down to the ATM and get your money out -- You have another house somewhere or something? Is this where you live? You have an ATM? What do you have in the house? How much money do you have in your pockets? It's just you need to give me the money...do you have it right now? No, no, no, no c'mon man, don't make it a thing -- You made a phone call and you said you'd help a girl out and then you didn't....I'm here to get the money. You gotta give me some money. I need to talk to you for a second. Hey. Can we maybe ask for more money on this? Ok. It's....whatever....that's not cool. I thought Latisha said you would -- As soon as you want. That's cool.That's that. You came all the way from Los Angeles to tell me that? You just told me to fuck off. That wasn't good. You're dead. I'll say whatever I want -- You better watch your mouth, cunt, you're gonna get hurt. Now are you threatening me, dick? CALM DOWN SHUT THE FUCK UP AND CALM DOWN SHUT SHUT SHUT UP SHUT UP -- I said calm down and shut the fuck up. What's your problem? Why don't you shut the fuck up? Who is this? That's it. This is this place called Ace Vintage, you gotta find it, I don't know exactly where this is and I don't understand these maps so just go there and check it out. It's a '61 AC Cobra that this old guy says is fine, but I need to figure out why he's only asking 23 for it. So take a look, the whole thing, call me about that, if it seems alright then I'll head down there and check it out. David, Don't. Just. Seriously. It doesn't make sense if you think about it in a fair deal like sense. Ok? It's business. Seriously. One hundred dollars for two days work is a lot more than your family is making sitting around your house. I'm serious now. Ok. Please. Now. Just stop. -- she didn't know what she was talking about -- Your expenses are your own. I want you to go right away, I think that's best. I also need you to check out a car for me down there that this guy is selling. When can you leave? Shut up, just put him on the phone, it doesn't matter, just shut up -- Put him through. What did you say? Hello? What's the problem? ...keys for the track. You have to gas it up and save the receipts on that. His address. We have a business address too if you need that -- but hit him at his house first, see what this little bad boy is all about and shake him up -- give him a little doe-see-doe -- I'm only paying two of you guys.Where you been? Yeah. Yeah. Ok. Ok. Wow, you're goin' to Hawaii, that's great -- you're goin -- ? Where you goin? What happened? What's up? You talkin' to me about Ramada Inn? Which guy in Toledo are you talking about? WHICH? So what should I do with the pudding? You should go on a trip. You're goin' on a trip? What's with all this pudding, what is this? Good morning, Barry.... Why is it here? Barry....Barry? That's not a piano.....I have a piano at home.....where'd you get it? What is this? Yeah.....you got here early huh? Why you wearin' a suit? You ok? Hey, good morning, Barry.That's fine. The police are on their way. I'm gonna call the police then, sir. Alright, well you're gonna have to leave. You're gonna have to go. Sir, I have no way of proving that you demolished the bathroom -- I'm gonna have to ask you to leave. Your hand is bleeding. Sir, a young man saw you coming out of the bathroom. How? You're hand is bleeding. Well who did? You didn't just smash up the bathroom? Did you do it? Just have you for one second, please.What's the listing? What city? It's extension 215 if you want to try me back. I don't know...I mean: I don't know. That's it. I think that's a type-o then, that would be a mistake. This is "Fly With Us?" And what was this?It takes time to process -- I'm sorry. It takes that much time to process the order and make sure it's valid --Ok, bye, bye. It's fine. I can just get you at your office. I'm fine, I have your work number. For what? Right. Alright, lemme call you first thing tomorrow, I'm gonna run the numbers, see what's what and I'll give you a call back -- If they break or something. What is it, plastic?You want a number for a psychiatrist, I can get you one, that's not a problem. but what exactly is wrong? Like a psychiatrist? Yeah. It's alright. Mhm. What's up? Maybe you said that because you're hungry..... Yeah. How's business? How you doin' Barry?Daddy. No dad! Morgan took a sip. It has his amoebas in it. A hair. There's dust in it. She doesn't answer me either. Does she ever answer back? Why do you talk to mom when you're by yourself? Only for pee or poop. It tastes old. I saw a monster. Can I have a glass of water? Houdini's sick. Me too. I don't want you to die. The same windows. My ballet recital. I heard them Morgan. It tastes funny. I think it's contaminated.Boy, why aren't you in the pros making stacks of cash and getting handfuls of T and A? You got two minor league home run records don't you? It's called probing. It's a military procedure. You send a reconnaissance group, very small, to check out things. Not to engage, but to evaluate the situation. Evaluate the level of danger. Make sure things are all clear... I've had two separate folks tell me they think there are strangers around these parts the last couple of nights. Can't tell what they look like, cause they're staying in the shadows -- covert like. No one's got hurt mind you... And that's the give away.Don't touch him. See this is why we're not watching those news reports. People get obsessed. I'm letting go now. This one? This one? No. It makes me feel better. What are you thinking about? Right. What's the rule about getting up in the middle of the night? What's wrong with the water next to your bed? What's the matter? Please tie up Isabelle to the back of the shed. Make sure the knot's tight. What? Colleen?... Colleen? I'm here. ...I will. ...I will. Good. Does it hurt? You love walks. Hi baby. Don't. Don't touch him. Me too. He's not strong enough to fight off another attack. Have they said anything about our area? No. How do they know it's over? How many died? They're broadcasting... It's getting stronger. I can feel air. They're distracting us? Merrill! Merrill -- I'm sorry I hurt your arm. He was trying to eat a second chocolate bar. Your grandma said, "No." He tried to take a bite, so I grabbed it. He was only a year and half old. They're right behind the door. Did I ever tell you, I dislocated Uncle Merrill's arm? We have to go in the basement. While they were trying to fix her up, all she kept asking about was you. They already know we're here. Good choice... I'm going to have a cheeseburger with bacon. Extra bacon. Did they say what our chances would be if they did invade? Ray Reddy's house. The bird could have had a heart attack and crushed his head when he fell. What time is it? What's furry, furry rabbit? What does it matter then? Do you feel comforted? That wasn't the answer you wanted? Yes. Morgan, be careful. It's probably picking up another baby monitor. It's broken Morgan. It'll just keep doing this. Let's get out of the car okay? I don't want any one of you spending time with Tracey Abernathy alone. Is that understood? He's telling you the truth, Edgar. Whoever it was, is very strong and can jump pretty high. Bo, can you turn down the volume until Officer Paski leaves? Yes, it was. Yes it was. I cursed. No I'm not. Explain noises. It doesn't sound natural when I curse. I'm not going to curse. Explain, act crazy? This is not an intelligent way to approach this. Yeah baby. I think someone did. I can't even imagine. You're scaring your sister. Stop crying! Now we're talking. How about you Merrill? We'll keep her in the garage, after dinner. The family room. We'll have to board up the bedroom doors. What do you think about the idea that they don't like places near water, and we might be safe from them near a lake or something? What's two? Tell me something Morgan. In that book of your, did they happen to detail what would happen if they were hostile? I just asked his name. Bimboo? That means they're unemployed. Who wrote this book? Oh. Morgan? I'm getting out now. We can't just sit in the car in our own driveway like this. It's old Morgan. I have some upstairs. Edgar, come inside. Yes. What did you say? Pinned? What does that mean? Why not? Is he okay? There was an accident. Drunk driving. They weren't sure. It's good advice... Say hi to Marcia for me. And three weeks. Six months. No. No. I don't think so. Edgar, it sounds as strange to me saying it, as it is to you hearing it. But we couldn't see him. He stayed mostly in the shadows. All we could make out was movement. But I'll tell you something with absolute certainty. There was someone watching our house last night. He was looking in my children's windows and I want you to find him Edgar. I need you to take this seriously, just in case, it is something serious. I would say so. He definitely wasn't a midget. It does seem kind of odd doesn't it? Sounds like a virus. What was the first thing? It's not broken. What about them? You said something was strange. What's strange? Don't call me Father. It's just Graham now. Don't call me Father.Five. The five longest. I got the bat at home... On the wall. Clear for what? I see. You do? Graham. Graham. That's good enough for me. I know. We need to be sure, before we open that door Graham. Philadelphia and its outlying counties are cleared, but who knows for sure? He's been like that for awhile. We need to get him some medicine. Listen, there's things I can take and a couple things I can't and one of them I can't take, is when my older brother -- -- who is everything I want to be, starts losing faith in things. I saw your eyes last night. I don't want to ever see your eyes like that again, okay? I'm serious. A mass evacuation by them started about eight o'clock this morning. It's eleven now. They're leaving. Beat. They think over a hundred thousand. They're just estimates. But we held strong. It came on about two hours ago. Woke me up. We won Graham. I'm close. Me too. From what? Got it! I'm looking! We won't be able to get out of there. What are you doing? Should we make a run for it out the back? This is going to do nothing. They're on the roof. Should we turn off the lights? Chicken Teriyaki. I'm sorry, what book is this? Where are you going? Already thought of. Two other birds did the same thing an hour later. Not as dramatic. They lived. But you could see they hit something. They caught it on tape and they've been playing it all morning. They found the bird. His head crushed in. When you see the footage it looks like the bird flew into a wall in the sky. They think they have some invisible shield thing going, like an optical illusion. Eleven a.m. They're gone. That's a game isn't it? Anyway... There's been some interesting developments. For the kids protection. All they were doing was watching TV from five a.m. I felt like they were getting obsessed like you said. They should be playing furry, furry rabbit or tea party or something right? Yes. Can you at least pretend to be like you used to be? Give me some comfort? How can you say that? Do you think it's a possibility? I got him. That's right. It's noise. Pharmacy crowded? That roof is over ten feet high. This guy got on the roof in like a second. It was very dark. It was very dark. I heard. You want him coming in the house next time? Are you going to do this or what? Just make noises then. You don't mean it. It's just for show. Curse and stuff. Okay, this guy is trying to scare us. He's messed with our property, he's coming around the house. It's time for an ass whoopin'! What book! Don't worry. It's like War of the Worlds. You'll lose the signal! Yeah.I'm scared. Who said I was going to die? That's weird. Dad! Listen Bo. This is very important. Everything people have written about in science books is going to change. The history of the world's future is on the TV right now. We need to record this so you can show your children this tape and say you were there... For your children Bo. Not English though. You heard the voices right Uncle Merrill? He licks his butt everyday. He's not going to mind. It's not contaminated. It's just tap water. Pour it in his bowl. You don't even know what that word means. Did someone save me? I hope they're doing better than we are. We don't even have helmets. They'll read our minds! Don't yell at her! French toast... and mashed potatoes. What about Isabelle? Where are we going to sleep? Sounds made up. They win. They said one of two things could happen. One, they fight and are defeated and leave to return again with full forces hundreds or even thousands of years later. Yes. They would invade us using only ground tactics. Hand to hand combat. They wouldn't use their technology or fight an airborne battle, because they would know we would eventually use nuclear weapons and the planet would be useless to them. Dad. Dr. Bimboo, one of the authors of the book -- Scientists who have been persecuted for their beliefs. It says they're probably very small -- like my height -- because, as their brains developed, there was no use for physical development. It says they're probably vegetarians, because they would have realized the benefits of such a diet. They tell you everything in this book. So the aliens can't read our minds. It gets clearer, the higher you hold it. Don't do it. We might lose the signal. It's still making the noises. It's broken. These are D's; I need double A's. It needs batteries. Can I use Bo's old baby monitor as a walkie-talkie? They'll find a way in. The book says they're probably very good problem solvers. Some guy had a sign that said it was the end of the world. Nothing really bad is going to happen, is it Uncle Merrill? They think it might happen all at once. They think these look like stages immediately proceeding an attack maneuver. Don't do it! Is that him?...Chicken blood? Who said it was... "chicken blood"? Your grandfather sure believed in it. Worked pretty good... too. You ever hear of... the harvest of blood? 'Course, it's none of my business. Maybe you don't want to remember. Hell, he was your grandfather. You know what he did. 'Course, some folks say 'ol Jethro shouldn't have been buried up here... with the rest of the Macdonalds. Your pa's waiting for you up at the house. You... think... I... stole... your... fancy shoes? I... wouldn't... be... caught... dead in 'em. Nikes? What-the-hail you talkin' about? I ain't never played a banjo in my life. You were a beat and a quarter behind. Nope. Two.. maybe three days. Could take a little while, though. Just talked to Orwell down at the garage. Says getting a new alternator for your bus is no problem. You're standing in horseshit. I'd watch your step if I were you, son.AAAAAAAAAAAA -- You need someone who can protect you, Suzie. Suzie, face it. The only "axe" he's picked up since we came here... is a real one. He doesn't give a damn about the band anymore... or about you. Not someone -- Mac. I'm serious. Get this. I had a careful look at that alternator. It's clearly been messed with... it's not wear and tear that caused that breakdown... There's something weird going on here, Suzie. Sorry. Hey, isn't that the preacher? I didn't do anything -- Yeah. It's the alternator all right.You know, one day I'm going to have to shut down that still of yours, Jeremiah. Thought your boy and his band were only staying the night. Book of Jeremiah. Hell, no. But you missed a damn good sermon. "You can't hide a wicked heart from the eyes of the Lord." Missed you at church this morning, Jeremiah.I thought you said two hundred. "Peggy-Sue" -- Two hundred bucks?? Are you crazy? Fine. Be that way. Jim Morrison. All right. "Fratricide". Minor technical detail. Yeah. Marvin's old man gunned him down. Easy. Gunshot. Patricide. Next. Where's Jack? Anybody seen Jack? I could. You sucked. The Sheriff?! We don't need the sheriff!!! We need to get the hell out of here! Come out, come out wherever you are! He's right. Nice guitar break. Old Macdonald had some... MOONSHINE! He means moon shining. Hi Suze. "With a hack-hack here --" "-- an AXE!" Should we be doing this, dude? So... what does it do? Hmmm. This shit isn't bad. Are you crazy? Cowshit? Are you sure the Aztecs even had cows? Let me get this straight... we're talking about manure? You're out of your mind, man. Well, there goes our record deal. Shotgun. Suicide. Next?Well, why don't you hold these as evidence in the meantime. Bus broke down. Sounds familiar. You're not going to arrest me for it, are you? Gene. Think boy. That night. The night of the fire. At the barn. You were only six years old. It's time to make amends. -- It's not me! That's your grandfather you're talking about! I... know what people say. Heard it... all my life. Sure. What do you want to know. You like it? Irrigation system. Your grandaddy built it himself. Saved the land from dying. You'll be back. Old slave superstition. You sprinkle a little blood mixed with water on the crops, you get yourself a good harvest... So they say. I wouldn't pay Jesse no mind at all. She's just a crazy old woman. Hasn't been right in the head since her husband passed away. Wasn't much right before that, neither. You got it wrong, boy. I'm not the monster you think. Was. You ain't afraid of ghosts, now are you? That old barn. After the fire... I rebuilt it nail by nail. Just the way your granddaddy would've wanted it. Pardon? ...Guess it was her time to go. You can't argue... when the good Lord calls you home. Broke her heart you never visited... But I always said you'd come back. Joseph Macdonald. Damn right, boy. And don't you forget it. Ain't nobody mentioned that name on this farm for 14 years. My boy was taken from me... far as I'm concerned, he's dead. Now, I ain't gonna ask you again. -- Who are you?! Depends. You got some nerve intruding on a man's grief. I bet I could pull this trigger right now and call it justifiable homicide. Now: who are you?Listen to me, you banjo-dueling, country ass hayseed... I want my Nikes and I want them now! Okay, Farm Boy. Joke's over. You've been playin' me from jump street. Where's my Nikes? Fuck you! If you're such an expert on music, why don't you go get your dueling banjo and sit in on the next song? See? Yo. "Billy Bob". Was I two beats behind, or what? What's a "little while?" Alright! Oh yeah? Why's that? Damn! These are one hundred dollar Nikes! -- "Billy-Jean" -- Nike specials. Two hundred bucks. Died in the bathtub... if, in fact, he's really dead. Next. Wrong. Fratricide is when you gun down your brother. You're out. My turn. That's not patricide. Patricide is when you gun down your old man. Wait a second. Did you say "patricide?" Okay. My main man. Marvin Gaye. Hey. Fuck you. Motherfucking soundman! I couldn't hear myself sing! What the fuck you talking about, man? Hallelujah! ...Civilization... here I come! What?! You mean... I slept on this couch for nothing?! He started it. Not at all. They lynched my ancestors, they smell like manure, they have sex with their relatives... and they all have two first names: "Bobby- Joe" -- Yeah. Maybe I can pick a little cotton for da masta. Who you callin' "boy?" Hey. Some Klu Klux Klan homeboy gets in my face, he gonna have a few extra holes in his bedsheet. Yeah. Our own. I don't see why we got to go along for the ride. Who? Us?! You wanna know the difference? The difference is that you're screwing up the song. Fuck you! Who cares what sandwich the bitch was eating? Chicken sandwich? Asphyxiation. Choked to death on a ham sandwich. Next. Yeah, that's right! I'm outta here -- Y'all can kiss my city ass goodbye!... I'm gone with the wind. Fuck you! Fuck all of you! I'm done kickin' it with cows and roosters. -- And drinking moonshine with Johnny Cash! Senior AND Junior! Yeah. Good idea. Go milk the cows, feed the chickens. Yeah. That's just the problem. Yeah. That sounds good. "Hang a left at the first cow patty, then make a right when you see porky pig". Yes! Shit!Chicken blood on the crops. Superstition. Let's say today, we make it your business. What are you talking about? Meaning? How'd he know I'd come? I -- Amends...? Who then, Jeremiah?? -- Who?! Then who?! Because someone wants another blood harvest. With human blood, Jeremiah! Just like Jethro! Who did he kill back then, Jeremiah? Farmhands? Transients? People no one would miss? "Crazy Old Macdonald!" But now... it's starting again, isn't it? Someone's picking up where Jethro left off! People say he was a murderer. That's a good idea. Maybe we should have a little "talk" about grandaddy Jethro. I don't think so. "Blood?" She was talking about... a "harvest of blood"... Maybe you should tell that to the old lady you tried to hit with the shovel. I'll be fine here. This is his room... isn't it? Aunt Edith. How did she... die? How... was she "called?" I'll be gone again tomorrow. I came back for the funeral. That's all. Joseph Macdonald... Your son. I'm your son. And Laureen's son. You know who I am. You invited me. What are you going to do? Shoot me? Is that right? How does it feel, Keith? You guys figure it out. I'm taking a break. Tell me you checked the bus before we left, Carl. Try taking a left after the next cow pasture. Which means we've got ONE week to start acting like a professional band. Relax. He liked what he saw. Well, some of it. Enough to give us a showcase audition. One week from today. Never. Can't help it, Suze... family sticks together... The trap door. That's how he escaped the fire... Get out of here. Don't you see? Whatever's going on... I'm part of it. Don't look. Suzie -- Listen to me -- No -- Suzie... No. I hurt my leg. Diving away from the Harvester -- it almost got me. -- You're not making sense!! What "Scarecrow"? What are -- Wait a minute -- Suzie -- You wouldn't understand. Strange... I can feel my old self coming back... Look. You want to talk about this? Picked up one of those shears. Blade's razor sharp. -- Where is everyone? I... heard something... came in here last night. Must have gone to sleep. I said that's enough! Let it go. When I was a kid... I was never allowed up here... This... used to be Jethro's room. The attic. Nah. Just you. Still trying to figure it out myself. Name something. My father and I don't exactly see eye to eye. Nothing to tell. -- picked tonight to come by and watch our set. Time for a little... "feedback" guys. That guy from Hectic Records --Hey -- Macdonald's farm! Nothing. I'll have us back on the road in no time. Ow! Dammit, Karen -- I was just... looking for your pulse. You don't like my costume? Cool. I'll go with plan B. Which one you like better? Never heard of it. I'm admiring your costume. What "movie" are you going as again? Throw me one.We've got to call someone -- get the sheriff-- Carl! Oh Carrrrl! Yeah, man. You were wrong, Suze. My solo definitely works better in the second verse. Harvest moonshining! "And a slash-slash there --" "Old Macdonald... had --" Metaphysical question, man. It harvests! It threshes! Look at these blades. Manure... is life. Sprinkled a pinch of manure in there just before I rolled it. The ancient Aztecs knew how powerful this stuff was. I am not! I'm telling you, it's worth its weight in gold. Nah. We still got Billy Bob. Curt Cobain. Yeah. Sure. I'm screwing up the song. You're the one who's been two beats behind since we kicked it off. Bzzzzzzzzzt! Buzzzzzzzzzz. Sorry, wrong answer! It gets worse. He's cut all the phone lines. Someone better tell Mac. CARL??? Carl did this?!! Where's Mac? Us? We been... moonlighting. Jeez, what's the difference? Just 'cause it's rock 'n roll, doesn't mean it's be set in stone. It's coming right up. After the third verse. Like what? She's a Tarot Card Reader at a shopping mall. What is it?!! Hey. Anyone here need lessons, just talk to me. I was getting 'warmed' up.A puppet. You're not Gibarian... I can trust Rheya. Can it work? What do you want? Gibarian. Where's Snow? Did you call him? How quickly? You fucking bastard... Why would you let her to do that? She'll come back. You murdered her! You killed her! That's fantastic. Meaning Man can do whatever the fuck it wants? No. There's no behavior modification. Listen -- They shouldn't let people like you into space. Her? Who are you talking about? Where's his body? I am here to recover this mission, report my findings, and make a recommendation. Now: What happened to him? I want to hear your version. What happened to Gibarian? All right. Maybe you can. Jesus... When did this happen? What's wrong with you? We need your help. I love her. Into what? Her oxygen would have run out. Yes. Just get him to stop. I want you to get Sartorius to abandon his plan. No. She knows everything. She knows who she is. Get out -- She drank liquid oxygen. They come when you sleep. Human beings can die. But why is it doing what it's doing? Given it's resources, it could have done anything. Presented me with your double, and you with mine. I've never heard you express any desire to leave before now. Why now? No. Consciousness is enough, that's all I've saying. Consciousness should be enough for anybody. Not necessarily. -- we are not sure of that. We are not sure we aren't all hallucinating. When you cut yourself pounding the door, did it hurt? Is it being deliberately cruel, you mean? I don't think so. Why? What is it? Gibarian said he thinks Solaris should be destroyed. I don't know. To who? I wish you'd told me. Will she come back? Rheya. My wife. And professionally? What was it? Shut up. That depends. How much sleep? Tell me. I won't think you're insane. She was real. Where did she come from? Gibarian warned me. He left me a message. Is there anybody else here? He'll let me in. Where's Sartorius? What? How? What's wrong? What happened to Gibarian? How can you be here... Last night. You were talking to someone in the corridor. Where did you go before? Please. Don't. What does it want? A sleeping pill. Do you want yours? I don't know anymore. All I see is you. It put you here. I'll admit it, it acted like a God and put you here, put you into my consciousness. I was asleep, and it put you into my dream. I saw your mouth. And there you were. Whether you've been sent here to make me happy or punish me, it doesn't matter. The decision we make now is all that matters. Stay with me. You have to remember that I love you, that's all that matters -- I think they help. I wish you wouldn't. Is that really what you want? Yes. I told you. It was exactly like mine. Yes, you are -- Who are you, then? You exist here. I keep telling you. I want you here. Then you won't make it. I can't stay here. I never said I didn't. Neither did I. Thank you. You should have told me. I want every second I can get with you. Rheya, I am not going back. I'm staying here with you. No. Listen: I don't care about anything but the fact that you are here. You are her, you are Rheya. Rheya -- I don't think it knows it's torturing us. It's just watching. That won't happen again. We're different. I love you. It's all right. He is. But he was here... Gibarian. He was here. Do you? Not this time. Neither can I. Not any of it. There's no reference point for what's going on; it's never happened before. It's a clean break in the fabric of the Universe; a gap. There is nothing to do but experience it, moment-to- moment, and not let it destroy us. For a reason that neither of us understand, you are forced to stay near me. That's all I know right now. Rheya. Don't debate him; he'll say anything. Those are dreams. Can you sleep? No. I love you. You... she said I didn't love her. Yes. Especially toward the end. I'm sure there are worse people to talk to, but I don't know who they are. When? When I'm asleep? Who have you been talking to? What are you talking about? Stop. What's wrong. Yes. Yes. It's a violent response to something we haven't figured out. Don't let the cowardly demeanor fool you: He is ruthless. Unblinking in his prejudice. He does have a point. That's just not the way I'd like to see it proven. Well. He doesn't think it's God, but for different reasons than me. He's thinking: If I can figure out how to make it stop, than I am smarter than it is, and therefore it cannot be God. Snow thinks we shouldn't leave until we figure out a way to document it, to prove its existence to the planet Earth. This is hilarious: He thinks it's God, but he wants it to sit still for a photograph so he can show the folks back home. I know. I'm putting that in my next report. How could she not be real? I can smell her, taste her. She does exactly what she did... it's not possible. I think so. It's genetics. You know this. You know where it comes from. There is nothing wrong with uncrossing a few crossed wires. I don't know. I couldn't understand why you didn't tell me. You don't know? I did too. I know. I know. We don't have to talk about that. What kind of look? How old were you? Where've you been? You were trying to break down the door. Do you know why? As I said, it is beyond our comprehension. You're talking about a man in a white beard again. You're ascribing human characteristics to something that isn't human. Human beings look for causes and patterns. How could we know what Solaris is up to, if anything? The whole idea of God was dreamed up by a silly animal with a small brain called Man. Even the limits we put on it are human limits. It can do this, it can do that! It designs, it creates! It's something. Intelligent beyond our comprehension. Not exactly. It exists in a continuum that wasn't proven until ten years ago, a higher mathematical dimension superimposed on top of the Universe. An infinite number of them, in fact. It was a violation of all of our various laws regarding the Universe, Space, or Space-Time. It was completely counter-intuitive. We had to unlearn everything. Do you remember Beethoven? The Beatles? Movies, books, restaurants, friends? What do you remember? All right. How about I feel better when you take them? You're better when you take them. I am. Please come with me. I don't want to do this here. Let's go home. Rheya. Not here. Stop it. And tonight? You didn't look very happy. Poem. Dylan Thomas. I thought of it when I saw you on the train. "And Death Shall Have No Dominion". Rheya... Yes. To calm your anxiety. I'll be right back. Why? I'll just be a minute. I need to see Snow. Oh, God. I'm awake.Yes. If it continues, it will implode from its own weight and turn into a black hole in about four hours and pulls us in with it. It's changing characteristics. It's solidifying taking on weight. Whose side are you on? It's not human, Kelvin. Whatever it is, it's not human, and I am threatened by that. Evolution-of- the-species-at-stake threatened. And I want to win. I want humans to win. So I am killing it before it kills me. No, she won't. Kelvin, she begged me. I had a short- range version of the destabilizer prototype, a miniature with a range of a few meters. She walked into it and disappeared. She was gone. Not her. It. Why did you agree to come here? Yes. She reappeared exactly as she had before? We're done. Oh, I should tell you, I don't trust Snow. There's something wrong with him. Just so you know: I'm not going back until I understand what it is. I am going to figure out what it is, make it stop, and then I will go home. In the lab. With her, probably. The same thing that could happen to any of us. Who, here, could possibly care what you want? At best, you're Employee of the Month for the highest bidder in the Solaris auction. They have no idea what's going on up here. They've never even been in space. And I'm supposed to listen to you? Didn't you talk to Snow? You have to give me your word you won't come in. Then I'll come out. You want it coming back with us? Fuck me. I knew it. Snow, get up here, now. Gibarian was helpless. It's very simple: Man created the science that resulted in the discovery of Solaris, and the ship that brought us here. Followed by non-human manifestations. A recoil, with no compensating mechanism. They are not autonomous individuals and they're not actual persons. They are projections materializing from our minds, based on a given individual. We thought you'd be alone. We want to talk about... Why do you say that?But I can't leave with you. I won't make it. Oh, right away. That's why you never saw me with anyone. You should've noticed that. I miss him, though. I think I made a mistake. I won't be making the trip. You do, you don't. She's willing to give her life, you're willing to give yours, it's touching and magnificent, anything you want but -- this isn't the place for it. Don't you see? No, you don't. You'll see her die, that's all. They're mortal, despite what she told you. She will die. Then what will you do? Who are you trying to please? Yourself? Her? Which her, this one or that one. Can you face both? We are in a situation that is beyond morality. So: Leave with her. You'll see the transformation. Maybe she doesn't need any. Should we check? Kelvin, she'll disintegrate. You don't believe me? Let's radio that shuttle pod you launched -- better yet, let's go get it. I've charted it's trajectory, only take a few hours... What do you want to do, leave the station with her? What plan? What do you want? She knows everything? Does she know she came once before and you put her in -- Oh, this one you love? What about the first one, the one you fucked and then put into a rocket and blasted into space? You didn't love her? Why do you think she hasn't suggested that? It's the most obvious solution: Escape. She knows she can't leave here -- What happened? That's right. And we all have to sleep, eventually. But they are human. They certainly become human with incredible speed. First they're like they were in our memory, but then they fill in on their own. DNA doesn't determine the hundreds of trillions of connections that occur in the brain, it's not dense enough. They build up with experience. Perhaps it did. Well, I think we're reaching the point of diminishing returns here, right? Certainly it's learning more about us than we'll ever learn about it. Of course, when we return, we'll be regarded as lunatics if we tell the truth. We'll chalk it up to isolation, collective derangement. We can liquidate the station. Take the Athena back. Who are you trying to convince? Stop equivocating! Unbelievable, how you equivocate! You, the atheist, you're more dogmatic than any holy person I've ever seen! This is happening, Kelvin. Wake up. If God is beyond our comprehension, and she -- -- is here for reasons that can't be understood, isn't God here? You're unnerved because you've spent your whole life thinking nobody is looking over you, and suddenly your subconscious is an open book. We are, for the first time, experiencing changes in natural reality by a force not our own. That proves that -- I'm just trying to find an explanation for the continual reappearances. Just a little strategy session. But in person this time. Can you meet me and Sartorius on B deck in an hour? Kelvin, you awake? That's ludicrous. This is contact. We have found God. The only issue is figuring out how to prove this in a way that will make sense back on Earth. So how will we describe it, if we choose to describe it at all? An enormous amount of money changed hands to get control of this project. We are in little danger of being left alone for long. You'll need to do something. Otherwise they'll be sending someone out to recover you. What are you going to report back to Earth? What will you say? Told you what? Probably. It started about three months ago. Right after the government sold the expedition. We were ready to go home. She has materialized from your memory of her. What was her name? Dead? I'm not sure. It started with Gibarian. He locked himself in his room and refused to talk except through a crack in the door. He covered the video lens. Obviously we thought he was having a nervous breakdown. I don't know why he didn't tell us he had somebody in there. By this time, we were getting visitors, too. He was desperately trying to figure it out. Day and night. Who was she? Personally, I think it's God. At least, it fits my definition. I told you, try to stay calm. You're supposed to be the psychologist of the bunch. Was her breakfast conversation that bad? Well, when you do go to sleep: barricade your door. How long can you go without sleep? How much sleep do you need? Oh, that's a relief. Who was it? Why, who did you see? Kelvin, if you see anything unusual... In his lab. He won't let you in. I can't talk just now. I'm too tired. I love chocolate. I realized just yesterday how much I love it. I thought maybe, if they let you bring personal effects, you might have snuck some through, because... well, I've been thinking about it. You didn't bring any chocolate, did you? He's dead. You go ahead. Of what I remember about Earth... it's all one thing now. Everything's a blur. I like distinctions. I got rid of him. I wanted to see if... I wanted to be the only one. I wanted to be Snow. I'm not Snow. Gibarian was under enormous -- Are the actions of Solaris premeditated? And when a given situation no longer corresponds to the normal faculties of the... original, the visitor suffers some sort of disconnected consciousness. It's an experiment. We want to talk freely. He won't. He won't do it.I'm always here, Pete. When you won that scholarship, I was proud of you. -- no, I mean... we... your Aunt May not wantin' kids and all... I mean we both... Yeah, ya like to do things on your own I been thinkin' lately. Maybe I wasn't the, ya know, greatest dad-- Cause if you get in a bind-- Ya set for, uh, ya know-- money? Yeah, Babe Ruth you wasn't. S'funny. When your mom and dad, uh, passed away, I had this idea. I wanted you to be the best baseball player in the world. Ya still follow the Mets, Pete? Eh. If I ever get out from under. Maybe take May to France or somethin'. Wasn't worth gettin' upset over a Milky Way. Anyways, I was never much for, ya know, discipline. Ah, ya know. Neighborhood's not what it used to be. Kid no more'n five swiped a candy bar the other day. So, uh... how's college goin'? What, want a glass? Here you go, Pete.See? -- but they got it all wrong. Any fool can figure it out. Spider-Man nailed this guy! No, no, listen. They're tryin' to say he was in cahoots with this killer-- Come on, laughter's the best medicine! Mistake? Hey, guy, get back here! Hey, guys. Check it out-- I saw this dud on the tube last night. He is incredibly cool. I'm parked illegally! Lizzy!Or was it all a dream? I was there. Flash, drop it-- Yeah, take pity on the feeble minded. Oh. Well, hang in there, amigo. Oh, I need your notes from the classes I missed. I got you a present. You get mugged or something? And you let me go on about Rosomoff working me too hard? I feel like a complete idiot. Jesus Christ. I am not pitiful! I am the bridge to the bermensch! You're so responsible it's disgusting. But you're my only friend... do you hate me? Why home? The real world beckons, man! The possibilities are endless. Want to go up to the World Trade Center and laugh at New Jersey? Screw scholarships! Universities are death! They make slaves of us all with their fetid ideas! Burn 'em down, I say! "Scholarship students must maintain dignity at all times." "Harry Osborne diminishes the stature of the University." Ooooh. Your feet are on fire. A little bunny I saved from dissection. They'll never take me alive.You can be great, kid, just stick with it. But let me give you one little piece of advice... be a good guy. How are you doing, kid? Get away from me, freak! Lemme down, bugface!No! Now get outta my face, kid. No! Washington Square, manhole covers turn into flying saucers and radios explode like A-bombs. Did you get pictures? Bunch of kids at your goddamned college say their appliances attacked them. Did you get pictures? I don't give a gerbil's ass how you got 'em! I can't print this surreal garbage! I got a question, college boy. What the hell am I supposed to do with these!? I ask for disaster, pathos, what do I get? Salvador Dali! When I want artsy-fartsy double-exposures, I'll ask for-- I like enthusiasm. That's why I use a lot of smart-ass kids. Not just 'cause they work cheap. I bet you don't think I appreciate you, Parker. I do. Gimme that. Pick it up later. Seventy. But I want blood and gore. You know, sexy stuff. Get inside and get pictures. Fifty bucks. Parker-- you go here, right? Got your camera? You make your own luck, Parker! Get into the middle of things, spend every day pounding the pavement of the city's mean streets-- Too hip. Your photos suck, kid. Hmf-hrr? Frmpph-yrr. Police, help! Po-- mmph. I don't submit to blackmail! The first amendment protects my freedom to tell the news as I imagine it, and--An even five I throw in the jacket. You're making my life difficult. Eh. Week from tomorrow. What's this? A cockaroach? No refund on the mask, y'know. Health laws.Are you quite finished? All right, amazing. Are you quite finished? I'll hate myself in the morning for asking, but what exactly makes you any more amazing than the average jerk on the street? Can I get you a snack-- a housefly, maybe? I see. So, Amazing Spider-Man-- I'll assume that's not your given name-- Is that bug juice, or are you just glad to see me?Roz? Rosomoff? What is it? Nope. Maybe he skipped to Rio. Feds got troops surrounding every cyclotron on the continent. Are you absolutely positive that one at E.S.U. is kaput? Yeah, Roz. Einstein, right? We'll see ya. It's a lot of ground to cover. We'll try. Funny coincidence, huh? You sure about all this? Toxic dumps, huh. Yeah, that's fascinating, but I'm just a fat, dumb cop lookin' for a psycho killer-- Right. We have reason to believe he also robbed an armored truck and killed two men. With the waldos. But you said he went off a little, after the accident, when those mechanical arms-- Some of him char-broiled bones. Teeth. We ruled out suicide. Any bad blood between him and Ock? You were the last one to see Thorkel. In Octavius' hospital room.I will finish what I've begun No! I don't care. Cretin. This is the unified field! All the forces of the universe tied together-- perfectly! I couldn't care less. What I've done is-- In this obsolete little cyclotron, I'm solving the greatest physics problem of the 20th Century. With more power, I could-- Proof. Proof of a unified field. Not just theory and equations-- experimental proof. Ha. Anti-gravitational particles. Truth. Truth alone exists. Truth must be released... Oh, Roz. My mind is so far beyond yours now. I could beat you at chess now. I'll repeat the experiment. I will hold the truth. That's the only thing that matters. Truth. Pure, eternal. Beyond the boundaries of mere mortality. You're wrong. Just for a moment, I heard, saw, felt-- I became Creation. My self. I don't matter. This human life, all life- insignificant. Bodies-- bags of sleepy, sluggish flesh. Ach, theories! This was first hand, experiential knowledge, the essence of the universe. I left a paper in my desk. No. No thank you. I have work. Rosomoff, I have better things to do than teach Introductory Physics to mindless adolescents.I know. Oh, come on, Ben ,that's not-- No, no. Oh, sure. Remember Little League? Nonot really. I know. Still thinking about retiring? You stop him? Same old stuff. How's the pharmacy? No. No, that's okay. Uh, Uncle Ben, I-- Well, I've missed a lot of classes myself... Listen, I do appreciate your concern, but-- You're not half the idiot I am, Harry. Mm-hmm. Don't be pitiful. Great idea. Let me get some shoes. I'll take you home. I know. I've got one too. Let me guess. The hunting dogs. You lost your scholarship. Harry Harry! What's in there? You maniac. You'll blow your scholarship. Right. Oh, look, Mr. Hogan, I'm really sorry about what happened in there. Really-- Are you okay? That's not even close. Now tell me you love me. Can I get a word in edgewise? Mr. Jameson-- You print pictures of Bigfoot! Double-exposures? But they're not-- I was in-- Mr. Jameson-- Well, thanks. You wouldn't believe what I went through to get those. Right after you took my camera, this ambulan-- Can't focus... Can we make it a hundred? Yeah-- You taking extension classes, Mr. Jameson? Come on, that's pure luck! The guy was in the right place at the right time-- I think you're trying to tell me something. Deal. But don't tell anyone. I want to keep a low profile. Two suits by tomorrow for $400? How about tomorrow? A spider. Eight legs. Uh-huh. Look, this should be skintight. Bright colors. Red, maybe a deep midnight blue. Nah. Hold it. Can we stop being clever, just for a moment? I... I like you. A lot. Hello, Liz. I'm here... Strong... Oh, God, I forgot to-- I'm sorry about being a jerk this afternoon. Unh-huh. Excuse me. I've gotta go. Am I? I'm not so sure. I used to be sure of a lot of things. Oh, different things from week to week, but now-- I'm not sure of anything anymore. You'd feel what? Well, no. They keep saying there's nothing I could've done. That's a lie. I could've done something. If only I'd paid attention to my feelings. I think I'd like that. -- but at least Aunt May's okay now. I really have to stop by the hospital this afternoon. That was then. I'm better since the lobotomy. No, it wasn't only you-- it -- it just wasn't my style. Hey, look-- let's go to lunch. Someplace nice for a change. Sort of. I'm returning the-- that outfit that you hated so much. Maybe I can get my money back. This from a girl who still plays with dolls. I've got no problems. Don't misquote Othello at me. Besides, you'd have to care about somebody to strangle them. I'm sure you kept warm. Hi, Adele. I've gotta study. I'd never admit that. Does it have a human name? "Flash," Liz. You're going out with something that calls itself "Flash." But you like that in a man? What? I suppose. My my. Maybe. I could have stopped it, though. Back to the lab. Harry'll probably lose his scholarship. -- but the dogs treed him between Huxley and Kafka. Thank God. I hate-- I hate the Platonic idea of you. I lov-loathe Elizabeth Allan. Abhor, detest, despise-- I-- uh-- Huh? It's too early to be clever. Good morning, Liz. How is he? Aunt May, what happened? It's fine. Tell me what-- A match made in heaven. Funny thing happened after my physics class today. Harry Osborn-- Oh, not that. You promised you'd burn it. What the hell is that? The record-- No. It's Friday night... I'm a photographer, remember? I'll introduce you. I am old enough to-- When I moved out, you swore up and down you wouldn't meddle-- Aunt May, you're trespassing. There's nothing in there worth stealing! Yeah, a psychiatric hospital. Listen, I'm serious-- I mean, I suddenly have immense physical power, and the ability to crawl up walls-- Hi. I've got sort of a hypothetical question. Do you suppose the bite of a radioactive spider would transmit that spider's proportional strength and agility? Oh. Yeah. Thanks. I'll try. Thanks. I don't think I'll be running into him. Luck. The right place at the right time. Need any more help? Not a lot. I saw inside of the Science Center. What exactly happened? Caused by Doc Ock's experiment? Really, Professor, I-- Actually, I got this spider bite An extension on that astronomy paper? Because, uh... Hi, Professor. What's up? Why? It is a wrestling match, or No Hello, uh, Mr. Reiss? I'm-- I'm the guy who wrestled Hulk Hogan the other day. The guy in the mask? Oh-- I don't know-- thanks, Mr. Reiss, but--Letterman show, NBC. We'll talk then. Bye. Good. We'll make it oral for now. Meet me at Rockefeller Center at six tonight. I was hoping you'd call, babe. Look, you got representation? Kid, you were terrific. Max Reiss, novelty acts. Was that judo or something? Ah, skip it. Question is, can you do it again? I just gave-- yeah, sure. Okay, kid. Call me tomorrow. I asked if you felt like a drink-- ... a couple a drinks at Sardi's? Yup. Oh, here's your check, minus my commission. Solid, solid novelty act. Nah. The big mask was better. Where'd you get the clown suit?Oh, that? It'll come unstuck in a half-hour or so. Your mouth needs the rest. Bye. Fine. Thank you. Now, repeat after me-- Spider-Man is a good guy. On the side of right, and niceness, and cute baby animals and all that. Would you cool it already? Relax, Jameson. This is business. I know you want photos of me, so I'll give your boy Parker an exclusive. On one condition-- Just about. See, I also have this amazing strength. Just about. You see, I also have this amazing strength... Well... Thanks, I already ate. Just call me Spidey. Sorry. I'm still getting the hang of this. Mr. Reiss-- I need a quarter-- No. No, I-- my aunt and uncle. Something's wrong -- I need to make a phone call. What? So they're airing this tonight? Like it? Up here, Docky Ocky! Professor, you ever fly one of these things before? I'm not so happy myself. Phooey on that. No, but I've got this secret identity to worry about. I'll swing the rest of the way. Just drop me off here. Bonkers. Forgive me if I don't feel too sympathetic right now. And blow up the universe just to prove he's right? Bit egotistical, isn't it? The usual. Heredity and environment. What's the deal with Doc Ock? Imagine how I feel. Yeah, just a lung full of New Jersey. Lucky you showed up when you did. Explain that some jerk in a mask and costume fought a mad scientist with four tentacles?Doubtless. And you'll have all the time in the world to pursue your work. Somewhere else. Then you'll be glad to know the University has decided not to press criminal charges against you. Breaking and entering the minor matter of the total destruction of a 23 million dollar cyclotron That Nobel Prize will just have to wait. You've used up your grant. The electric bills alone exceed your annual salary. Not to mention the potential hazards of your radioactive fuel. What you've done is make the entire physics department look foolish. You compare yourself to Einstein; your colleagues compare you to Bozo the Clown. Then the alumni reports came in-- fund-raising is down this year. I've had an extremely bad day, Octavius. A sophomoric prank in the library and punitive measures. Let's talk in the hall. Power down. I need to talk to you.Indefinitely. No. I must deactivate you. Do you have any knowledge of the tactical abi1ities of this ship? Do you know anything about Shinzon's plans against the Federation? I know. You have been programmed to gather information that can be used against this ship. Because you are dangerous. No, I have only activated your cognitive and communication subroutines. Is that your final answer? Do you know the name of the Captain of this vessel? Can you remember our father? Do you know where you are? No. My name is Data... I am your brother. Do you know who I am? Yes, please continue. Can you tell me how you came to be on the planet where we found you? Sir. Sir, allow me to go. You are needed here. We are being hailed. Captain, we have lost ventral shielding on deck twenty nine. We are losing dorsal shields. Yes, sir. The Rift effects all long-range communications. We are passing through the Bassen Rift. The projections will return when we have cleared it. I aspire, sir. To be better than I am. The B-9 does not. Nor does Shinzon. No, sir, it is not possible. The B-9 is physically identical to me, although his neural pathways are not as advanced. But even if they were, he would not be me. He would deny a "human" connection is possible. He considers himself entirely Reman. I do not agree. Although you share the same genetic structure, the events of your life have created unique individual. Of you? At our current velocity we will arrive at sector 3274 in approximately 40 minutes. Ready, Captain. Do you think this is a wise course of action? Affirmative, sir. Negative, sir. They have instigated security overrides and erected a force field around the external portals. Port thrusters, sir. Would you like me to drive? They are trying to override the access codes. Reman is really a most complex language with pictographs representing certain verb roots and... There is a shuttlebay 948 meters from our current location. Yes, sir. Geordi equipped me with the prototype for the Emergency Transport Unit. I recommend you use it to return to the Enterprise. It would appear so. Aye, sir... This way. He believes he has our communications protocols. But they will give him inaccurate locations for all Starfleet vessels. My mission was a success, sir. I have discovered the source of the Thalaron radiation. Data to Captain Picard. Geordi and I have identified the source of the unauthorized computer access. And, I believe, we have also discovered an opportunity to gain a tactical advantage. Starfleet intelligence was only able to provide a partial account of his military record. We can infer he is relatively young and a capablecommander. He fought seventeen major engagements in the war. All successful. Beyond that, we know nothing. Sorry, sir. He is very observant. The final signature is approx- imately 300 meters up that incline. The closest signature is two kilometers to the west... that direction, sir. To new worlds... If I were... I believe my memory engrams would sense the absence of your specific reactions and behavior. I would "miss you." The choices I made have led me here as well. This is the only home I have ever known. I cannot foresee a reason for leaving. That is because you have a familiarity with them. You can predict specific reactions and behavior and are comfortable in that knowledge. And this makes you "sad"? And you were particularly aware of this feeling because Commander Riker will be leaving to assume command of the Titan? Sir. I noticed an interesting confluence of emotion at the wedding. I am familiar with the human concept of tears through laughter and its inverse, laughter through tears, but I could not help wondering about the human capacity for expressing both pleasure and sadness simultaneously. To happy endings. Because the captain has to concentrate on piloting the vehicle. This is not an appropriate time for a conversation. You are not looking at your- self. You are looking at me. What is our approximate distance? We have lost structural integrity on decks twelve through seventeen, sections four through ten. I am not. But I believe he will prove incapable of performing higher functions. No, I do not mind. Dr. Soong must have found it unnecessary in later versions. What purpose does this serve? Yes. I feel nothing, Geordi. It is my belief that with my memory engrams he will be able to function as a more complete individual. Captain Picard agrees that the B-9 was probably designed with the same self-actualization parameters as myself. If my memory engrams are successfully integrated into his positronic matrix, he should have all my abilities. At present he serves no useful function. Dr. Soong created us to become active and useful members of society. I do not believe he would have wanted the B-9 to live out his life in his present state. Do you have a name, sir? Isolated pockets of humanoids. It appears to be a pre-warp civilization at an early stage of industrial development. I thought only me, myself and Lore. Since positronic signatures have only been known to emanate from androids such as myself, it is logical to theorize that there is an android such as myself on Kolarus III. Thank you. I would like to pick you up now. May I do that? The resemblance is... striking. Like me, it has been designed with modular power sources. It appears to be... ... an arm.Emergency force fields are holding. Don't give up hope, Data. I know, I know, you're not capable of hope. It's possible the extra memory port is interfering with the engram processing. Mind if I keep him here and run some diagnostics? It seems to be a redundant memory port. Maybe it's for provisional memory storage in case his neural pathways overload? Maybe he's not supposed to be like you. Maybe he's supposed to be just like he is. An individual more like you, you mean. He'd have all your memories too. You feel comfortable with that? I can't believe the Captain went along with a memory download. Well, he seems to have the same internal mechanics as Data but not as much positronic develop- ment. The neural pathways aren't nearly as sophisticated. Id say he's a prototype. Something Dr. Soong created before Data . Captain, I don't recommend transporting, that ion storm doesn't look very neighborly. -It could head this way with- out much warning . How many of you did Dr. Soong make? I'll take care of it, sir. Sir, we're being hailed. Aye, sir. Sir, we wont be able to bring you back. Its a one way trip. Captain, I don't know if the transporter... The targeting sequence should take about four minutes. Ready, sir! Aye, sir. Sir? What's he doing? He's getting his cloak back. We have exhausted our compliment of photon torpedoes. Phaser banks are down to four percent. It's called a Cascading Bio- genic Pulse. The unique properties of Thalaron radiation allow the energy beam to expand almost without limits. Depending on the radiant intensity it could encompass a ship... or a planet. Which is why our initial scans didn't pick it up. But he's got it, Captain. There's something else. I was reviewing the sensor logs. That's what I don't get -- it's mostly basic stellar cartography: star charts; communications protocols; some uplinks from colony tracking stations. It's not even restricted material. It's going to take some time to find out -- the data stream was rerouted through substations all over the ship. Then how did a Reman get to be Praetor? I don't get it. I read six distinct positronic signatures, spread out over a few kilometers on the surface. Uncharted. We'll have to get closer for a more detailed scan. It's very faint but I've isolated it to the third planet in the Kolarin system.Why? Why? You have a red shirt. You do not look like me. Why am I looking at me?Not tonight, I have work here. Reminds me of a young doctor I used to know... How far we've come. Let me know if you need anything. To seek out new life and new civilizations. Zephyr. Cochrans own words. When Charles Darwin set out on the H.M.S. Beagle, on his journey into the unknown... he sailed without a single musket. I'm counting on it... We've been ordered to head to sector 3274. Starfleet is diverting the fleet to meet us there. How long does he have? Dying? But the Romulans abandoned the plan. Can you describe it, Deanna? I wish I could believe that, Doctor. Yes. I so wanted to believe Shinzon. But the Thalaron radiation can't be explained away. Whatever he's after, it's not peace. He was a damn fool. Selfish and ambitious. Very much in need of seasoning. Remember him? Beverly, come in. Understood. Keep on it. I need to know what he has and how to neutralize any threat. Give me options. I think a skin cells the more likely of the two. When was he... created? Please, Beverly, this is hard enough. I notice Dr. Crusher laughing along with the rest of you. As most of you know, the doctor will also soon be leaving the Enterprise, to assume command of Starfleet Medical. Again, I'm forced to ask, Beverly, have you considered what you're doing to little ole me?! I'll probably get some old battle-axe of a doctor who'll tell me to eat my vegetables and put me on report if I dont show up for my physical on time! Negative. Deanna, stand by. Open a channel. Divert power and compensate. Full axis rotation to port! Fire all ventral phasers! Commander Riker, evasive maneuvers! It's interfering with our uplink from Starfleet cartography? How can you be sure? He may have already rejected my humanity, but you also have a twin But so much is the same. On a biological level he is... and I will not accept the idea that there is nothing I can do. I have a responsibility to try to make a human connection with him. Yes. "For now we see but through a glass darkly..." He said he's a mirror. How long until we reach the fleet? Fire! We're about to find out... Power up disruptors and fire on my mark. Well then... only one way to go. Can you open the shuttlebay doors? What do you imagine this is? While I find that fascinating, Data, we really need that Goddamned door open! Alacrity would be appreciated, Commander. We'll find a way off together. Recommendations? It'll only work for one of us. A weapon. A bit less florid, Data. Good work. The download? On my way. Well... it seems we're truly sailing into the unknown. Keep at it. Anything you can give me would be appreciated. Dismissed. Data! I can see that. Mister Worf, accompany Data please. Thank you, Data. Let's see what she can do. New worlds. Yes Data, brave new worlds... Now, you make a toast. You never know what's over the horizon, Data. Before too long you'll be offered a command of your own. Yes. And, frankly, I envy them as well. They've made important choices; they're going to have great challenges ahead of them. New worlds to conquer... Well. I suppose it does a bit. I'm very happy for them, of course, but I'm going to miss them. The ship will seem... incomplete without them. Will and Deanna joining the Titan. Dr. Crusher going to Starfleet Medical... I understand why it would seem confusing. Certain human rituals... like weddings, birthdays or funerals evoke strong and very complex emotions. These rites carry great weight with us because they denote the passage of time. So... To happy endings. This isn't about me anymore. Make it so. Counselor? I know how he thinks. Permission denied. If you can possibly endure any more of these assaults. I need you at my side. Now more than ever I... I not only know him, Deanna, I am him.. and he is me! How could I not? Is he sincere about wanting peace? I'm going to miss you. As much as we care for him, Deanna... we have to remember that Data isn't capable of disappointment. You're speaking of emotional investment? Of course, sit down. Counselor. May I have this dance? The hell you will. You know too much about me as it is ... Now you promised there are no speeches during the ceremony on Betazed. The least I could do for you, Deanna. Besides, you know me... Im a talking head. Thank you, Commander. Open a channel. Understood. Do you have life support? When this is over, I owe you a drink. Your timing is impeccable, Commander. Number One. You have the bridge. Geordi... prepare the shuttle- bay for arrivals. They don't know our procedures so just... open the doors. On screen. You have the bridge, Commander. Use all available power to move away from the Scimitar. Now, Mister La Forge. That's an order, Commander. Prepare for a site-to-site transport. How long until he can fire? Deanna, on my mark. Geordi, put 211 power to the engines. Take it from life support if you have to -- everything you can give me. Weve got him! He thinks he knows exactly what I'm going to do. He wants to look me in the eye. What if we target all phasers in a concentrated attack? And that's exactly what he's going to do. As I remember, Thalaron research was banned in the Federation because of its bioqenic properties. I thought Thalaron radiation was theoretical. Set up a security program to detect any unusual data stream rerouting. If it happens again, we want to be ready. What programs were accessed? Cannon fodder. What do we know about the population? Theories? What do we know about the planet? Just lucky, Admiral. Not with the Romulans. Understood. New Praetor? With or without the rest of the fleet? Admiral Janeway. Good to see you. There'll be another after me. And another after that. You'll find we're a resilient species. That will never happen. What are you doing to Counsellor Troi? Praetor Shinzon, I'm pleased to... What's this? On my way. Please notify Commander Riker. Coordinate our attack with the Valdore's tactical officer. Triangulate fire on any shield impacts. On screen. Worf, prepare a full phaser spread, zero elevation. All banks on my mark. Scan for shield impacts and stand by photon torpedoes. Who was it? On screen. Tactical analysis, Mister Worf. No! Not yet, Mister Worf. If you don't mind. What sort of signature? Come now, a big, strapping fellow like you? What are you afraid of? Wont do what, Mister Worf? The honor was mine. Captain Riker. When your first officer insists that you can't go on away missions... Ignore him. I promise you in time, she'll become your home ...If I could offer you one piece of advice? The Titan's a fine ship, will. And she's getting a captain worthy of her. Agreed. Counselor Troi, report to the bridge. Report. We can only hope so. And the Romulans invade. His hatred of the Federation is apparent. He would have built a weapon of that scope for one reason. He is going after Earth. Can anything be done for him? Away team. Transporter room four. She's a predator. Patience. Diplomacy is a very exacting occupation. We can wait. Counselor? It's an old psychological strategy, Number One. To put him in a position of dominance and make us uneasy. A coup d'etat? Acknowledged ... ...I'll talk to Data. Captain's prerogative, Will. There's no foreseeable danger... and your wife would never forgive me if anything happened to you. I appreciate your concern, Number One, but I've been itching to try out the Argo. Where we will all honor the Betazoid traditions. No cold feet, or any other parts of our anatomy. Now, if youll excuse me. Ill be in the gym. I think it's worth a look. Don't worry, Number One, we'll get you to Betazed with time to spare. Still well on our side... I am. You can still make a choice! Make the right one now! Please. But you want to. So if I gave you my life, what would you do with it? Would you spend the years in a blaze of hatred as you are now? Or could you change? Could you try to remember a mother's touch you never felt? A father's words you never heard? Could you do that? The man who is Jean Luc Picard and Shinzon of Remus won't exterminate the population of an entire planet! He is better than that! I see more than what you are. Not so long. I know you as well as I know myself, Shinzon. There was a time you looked at the stars and dreamed of what might be. Look at me, Shinzon! Do you feel the blood pumping inside you? Your hands, your eyes, your nature, are the same as mine. Buried deep inside you beneath the years of pain and anger is a capacity you've forgotten. It's the one way our mirror can reflect the two of us exactly because it's the very thing that truly defines us. To be human is to try to make yourself better than you are. You know that's not possible. And what of the Enterprise? Why are you here? We are. I'm incapable of such an act, and so are you. Think about what you're doing, Shinzon. Are you ready to plunge the entire quadrant into war to satisfy your own personal demons? If your issues are with me... This has nothing to do with my ship and nothing to do with the Federation. I won't defend my life to you. I see a young man trying desperately to deny who he is. You're not Reman. What's this all about? All of this so you could capture me? What are you doing? Why am I here? In time. If there's one ideal the Federation holds most dear it's that all men, all races, can be united. From the first time the Vulcans came to Earth we've sought a future of peace. Nothing would make me more proud than to take your hand in friend- ship. In time. When trust has been earned. Shinzon... I'm trying to believe you. With a full head of hair. So I'm not as tall as you expected? After you, Praetor. New worlds. Yes. No. I was the first Picard to leave Earth. It caused quite a stir, In fact. But I had spent my whole life... There's so much, and so much of it is dull... And if you had lived my life you would understand that there is a great respons- ibility in representing the Federation. I can't let my personal feelings unduly influence my decisions. I have no reason to. You're doing this to liberate the Remans? How did you end up on Remus? Yes. The eyes have it. Not quite. I envy the hair- line. You'll acquire a taste for it. What happened? You know I need to verify this. We need to talk, just you and I. You know I do. Yes. Yes. And the Senate supports you? I would be interested to know what we are talking about. Praetor Shinzon. Were not here to discuss your lack of a social life. Praetor, we've come to Romulus on a matter we were -- assured was of great importance. If you have anything to say to us as representatives of the Federation, I suggest you do so now. Praetor? And you're not as we imagined you. Praetor Shinzon?But, Praetor, you won't survive without him... What about Picard? Disruptors are off-line, sir. Two ships decloaking, sir! Romulan! Praetor, we've received the transponder signal.Serving with you has been an honor. I intend to. Anything. But she's not the Enterprise. She's the most beautiful ship Ive ever seen. Unless we can disable his cloak we're just going to be firing in the dark. He's firing through his cloak. We can't get a lock. Strength in numbers? Oh boy. Destroy humanity and the Federation is crippled. Sir? He wasn't designed to live a complete, human life span. Not very chatty. She's not out for a pleasure cruise. Captain, with all due respect to diplomatic protocols -- the Federation Council's not sitting out here, we are. It's working. Why don't they answer our hails? The Praetor's power has always been the Romulan fleet. They must be behind him. We have to assume he had Romulan collaborators. Captain, you have an Alpha Priority communication from Starfleet Command. Sir -- Captain, I hope I don't have to remind you -- Thank you, sir... Diverting to the Kolarin system takes us awfully close to the Romulan Neutral Zone. Let's go. Believe it or not, I think the cavalry has arrived. Defensive pattern Kirk Epsilon. Geordi, get those shields online. My God... Runs in the family. So theyve got him up and running. Well, that sounds relaxing too.I can feel your desire, Deanna. Very logical, Deanna... But your heart doesn't constrain itself to mere logic. To leave all of this behind and be with me. I'll always be with you now. Now and forever. Can you feel my hands... are they real? Can you feel my lips, my loins? He can never know you as I know you... He can never touch you as I touch you. Imzadi. This is so good. Deanna Troi of Betazed. Empathic and telepathic abilities, ship's counselor. All of this I knew... But I didn't know you were so beautiful. Don't you think it's time to surrender? I'll have my cloak back in a matter of minutes and your poor ship is shot to pieces. Why should the rest of your crew have to die? I hope you're still alive, Jean Luc. I have no choices! I can't fight what I am! Its too late. That's your life... not mine. I don't know. Yes. He is what his life has made him! Childish dreams, Captain. Lost in the dilithium mines of Remus. I'm what you see now. Long ago. I know... you'll all gladly die to save your home world. I have little interest in your quaint vessel, Captain. If the Enterprise will withdraw to a distance of one hundred light years, it will not be harmed. To accept your surrender. I can clearly destroy you at any time. Lower your shields and allow me to transport you to my ship. It's just the two of us now, Jean Luc, as it should be... Your ship and mine... You and me. You can't trace my holographic emitters, Captainn. So don't bother. And you can't contact Starfleet. We're quite alone. I think the facts speak for themselves. The same noble Picard blood runs in our veins. Had you lived my life, you'd be doing exactly as I am. Look in the mirror, and see yourself. It amazes me how little you know yourself. Oh, but it does. We will no longer bow like slaves before anyone. Not the Romulans and not your mighty Federation. We're a race bred for war. For conquest. My life is meaningless as long as you're alive. What am I while you exist? A shadow? An enigma? I see an old man, set in his ways, afraid to live without a uniform to prop him up and a Starfleet regulation to tell him what to do. I see the man I will never be. And I'm not quite human. So what am I? What do you see? Do you see a life you might have led? Lost youth never to be recaptured? It's about destiny, Picard. About a Reman outcast who... Maybe I'll train it to do little tricks for me like your robot does. Or maybe Ill snap its ugly head off. Don't be so vain. After we found it, we made a few modifications. An extra memory port, a hidden transponder. Perhaps your eyes will be a bit less confident when you learn I've gained access to Starfleet's communications protocols. I now know the location of your entire fleet ... You may go. I need a sample of your blood. What do your Borg friends say? Resistance is futile. I was lonely... Hello, Jean Luc. In time, Jean Luc. I'm honored to think I might someday speak with such eloquence. I know. There is that. I always hoped I would hit two meters. Age before rank, Jean Luc. And you dreamed about what was up there. About... Looking up at the stars. Were we always explorers? I want to know where I come from. The Remans gave me a future. You can tell me about my past. All I have is my personal feelings. I wasn't raised with the ideals of the Federation. But I'm trying to understand them now. To live up to them. To live up to you. Of course you do. If you had lived my life and experienced the suffering of my people... youd be sitting where I am now. At least I hope you would. You don't trust me. No race should be a slave to another. For thousands of years the Romulan Senate has met in this chamber and dictated the fate of its sister-planet... But the time has come for us to live as equals. They sent me there to die. How could a mere human survive the dilithium mines? It was... I was a slave. And a monster. The only thing the Romulan guards hated more than the Remans was me. But one man took pity on me: the man who became my Viceroy. He taught me how to survive. And in that dark place, where there was nothing of myself, I found my Reman brothers. They showed me the only kindness I ever knew. Our eyes reflect our lives, don't they? Yours are so confident. A lifetime of violence will do that. My nose was broken four times. And my jaw... But so much is the same. The eyes, you recognize the eyes. It's not quite the face you remember. Romulan ale -- I'm surprised. I can't stand it. As happens so frequently here on Romulus, a new government came to power. They decided to abandon the plan -- frankly, I think they were afraid I'd be discovered and it would lead to war. They weren't ready for that. And when I was ready they were going to replace you with me, an exact biological duplicate. Put a Romulan agent at the heart of Starfleet to.influence your command structure. It was a bold plan. I know. Come to dinner on Romulus tomorrow. Just the two of us. Or just the one of us. No one knew what to do. Finally I was taken to a doctor who had some experience with Terran illnesses and I was finally diagnosed with Shalaft's syndrome. Do you know of it, Captain? Then perhaps the time has come to add some illumination to our discussion. Computer, raise lighting four levels. But you're also thinking the chance for peace is too promising to ignore. Above allyou're trying to decide if you can trust me. And you're wondering why the Scimitar is so well armed. Is this the ship of a peacemaker? Or a predator?. Right now, youre thinking this all sounds too good to be true? I have dissolved the Senate. I want to end the centuries of mistrust. I want to be your ally, not your enemy. As a first step I propose we eliminate the Neutral Zone and begin a free and open exchange of goods and ideas. Unity, Captain! Tearing down the walls between us to recognize we are one people. Federation and Romulan. Human and Vulcan and Klingon and Reman. I'm speaking of the thing that makes us the same. We want peace. Yes, I'm sorry, Captain. There's so much we have to talk about. On the world I come from there's no light. No sun. Beauty isn't important. I see now there's a world elsewhere. I am, Commander Riker... May I touch your hair? I've never met a human woman. No? I hope you'll forgive the darkness... we're not comfortable in the light. Our greater goal is more important, brother. Deploy the weapon. Kill everything on that ship. Then set a course for Earth. Target disruptors. Destroy them. Report! On my way. What is it?!! Focus on your job!! FULL STOP AND FIRE ! You heard me. Let her pursue -- drop cloak on the aft port quadrant and prepare for full emergency stop. How long until we reach the Rift? How long? Have the doctors prepare. I'll be on the bridge.' Do as I tell you! Find her again. My time. I'll spend it how I choose. He's gentler than I thought. And he has a sense of humor. Are we prepared? And when I return... you and I shall have a little talk about showing proper respect! Commander Suran, the games are over. In two days the Federation will be crippled beyond repair. Does that satisfy you? I thought we discussed patience, Commander. The Enterprise is immaterial! They won't make it back to Federation space. Now go. I have some personal business. You must learn patience, Commander. Do you know where I learned it? In the dilithium mines of Remus. Spend eighteen hours every day under the ash of a Romulan guards whip and you'll soon understand patience. Silence, Romulan! I have a purpose. You don't have to understand. I came this far alone ... The Scimitar will serve my needs. None. It's imperative we retain their allegiance or our great mission will be strangled before it can truly draw breath. And? Join us, Commanders. Now what's the disposition of the fleet?For the moment. And mine is wearing thin, young man! We supported you because you promised action. And yet you delay and you waste your time playing games with Picard while-- Praetor. Then perhaps you will enlight- en us? And bringing the Enterprise here?! What possible purpose could that serve? Then I don't understand the reason for the delay! But surely... Praetor. You have the whole fleet at your disposal. They supported the coup, they'll follow you. How many Warbirds will you need? They will obey, Praetor. They're holding position.I look forward to the sport. Take him. It would take me but an instant to tear that valiant heart from your chest. Listen to him, android. Such a small and weak creature. Yet he roars so valiantly... I'm preparing her for Shinzon. To sooth him as she soothes you. To stand at his side as she does at yours. So, human... you've met your better self! I am not Shinzon. I am his Viceroy. We are sending transport coordinates. Enterprise. We are the Reman Warbird Scimitar. She is here. Praetor... What?! Seven minutes. A matter of hours now. It's accelerating. You have no more time for games. No -- this is wasting time. The bond is broken. Don't forget our mission, Shinzon. We should act. Now. Time is running out. This is a mistake. Yes, Praetor.If you wouldn't mind. No. It's you. Why is it moving? Your new chair, sir. Captain, the Hemingway has arrived to tow us to spacedock. Aye, sir. Sir, we're being hailed. Aye, sir Sir, we've had an unauthorized access into the main computer. We're being hailed. Fifty-two disruptor banks, twenty-seven photon torpedo bays, primary and secondary phased shields. Captain! Sir, I recommend we raise shields. To find the head, sir? I'm picking up an unusual electromagnetic signature from the Kolarin system. Captain. I think it is inappropriate for a Starfleet officer to appear... Naked. I won't do it. Intruder alert! We're being hailed. Minimal damage to the Scimitar. Should I raise shields? He's a very unusual android. It is... invigorating.Yes. Just about here. Around here. ... Well, you wanted to see it. I'll be all right... You go back to the village and light the fire. So we can find our way home. Please, just listen to me... Your mother would be very cross with me if you got hurt. I'll find her. I think we should go on by ourselves. What happened? What kind of stories? You have books?! Kalen, you've got to take me there. There might be history. Records. Something to help us find where the Morlocks took -- Where? Kalen... Do you have any idea where they take them? How can they just go back to work as if nothing happened? I'm so sorry, Kalen. Exactly like you. Well, maybe not as healthy. ... Thousands and thousands of people. And sometimes we live in great buildings that reach up five or ten stories. 'Fraid so. Just a regular old... mud carrier. Ah... no. On the towers? I had an accident. The journey is part of my work. I will... I'll never forget this. I don't understand. I won't leave you like this. Vox... What can I do? Tell me what to do. Vox -- This has to end. This has to end. No... What do you mean? Why did they built it? What's it all for? Vox? Do you know which way? Machines? Yes... Thank you. Yes. But you've done enough. Thank you for your help... I hope someday people read your books again. This is the way in? Oh, shut up. Yes. Yes... My God... I saw this. Kalen... hold on a minute. What? Last night. I'm used to that. Yes. You'll live like this forever. Alone. You were meant to help. To be with people. Not like this. Because you'll never die. We need your help. Can you show us where they live? How have you survived so long? But you escaped. Do you know where they live? You know of them? Please, we need your help. The Morlocks have taken -- Sir... have you a name? I know you -- you're an automaton of some sort that -- What are you? 1899. How did you know?! Because... I don't think that's going to happen. I'm tired of running. I know. I'm a foolish man. No... No... A man can change his history. You took her because she helped me. So you take their best... Why? I could tell them. Warm them of what's to come. Say I just come back again? Why would you let me go back? What? It can't all be like this... But this is barbaric! Have you completely lost all sense of -- No... they didn't survive only to be your food. You did that. And what of the Eloi? How? How do you control the Morlocks? As slaves. Created? You came underground when the world was ending above. And you evolved. Some into the Morlocks and others -- Alexander. You have my word... ... She's just a beauty. Ahhh... I'm afraid I've got a prior commitment. I just love mechanical things. How do you keep the water temperature stable? I've only read about them -- and the new internals. It's spectacular... Why is it -- breaking up? No -- wait -- the moon's falling out of orbit -- that's not possible! What's happening to the moon?! I -- what are you?! I have something for you... Let them. It's only a machine. I've seen it. The sailor's omen of good fortune. The hunter watching over him on his travels. Not like this. Never like this. Emma, I swear to you -- if I've learned one thing, it's that moments like this are rare. And I will thank God for them every moment of every day. No, I'm fine. I'm... ... wonderful. Just walking down the street with you again. My God... I want to get into the light, that's all. Please... Shhh. Let's just hurry on here. We don't have to talk, all right? Nothing -- let's just get out of the park. No... let's walk through the city. Not here... alone. Please. I need... to talk to you. Holding you... again. You know I can't. Got here as soon as I could. Your birth stone. I thought -- I know it's not a diamond but -- Hold on... I know I have it... Oh dammit, I love you! I can't eat, I can't sleep, I can't think, all I do is moon over you and -- hum, apparently. I mean... well... affection. Emma, you know I have great... admiration for you. What? Yes -- Orion -- good fortune -- sailors. Not here... alone. May we? Please? I need to... um... talk to you. Sorry... I was distracted. What? You know I can't. Got here as soon as I could. This... was my home. And this would be my study. There was an elm tree outside the window then. Good night, David. In a week... we will never have had this conversation. You won't say that in a week. That's absurd -- I can't leave when I'm so close. I can't do that -- I'll tell you what... come by for dinner in a week and I'll show you. You wouldn't believe me. David... I appreciate your concern, I do. But I ask you to have faith in me. Just for a little while longer. I'm working on something now. Something... extraordinary. That's where you're wrong. I will change it. Wasn't it?... I have a dream almost every night now. The Lady and the Tiger, you remember that story? In the dream I'm alone in a huge chamber with a thousand doors. Behind every door, save one, is a tiger. I have to make the decision. Which door conceals Emma? And I just stand there... looking at the doors... You don't know that. You couldn't possibly. If I'd only done this, or that, if I'd arrived ten minutes earlier, or later. If we'd taken a different path or I hadn't fought the man for the ring. You have no idea what it is to relive every moment of that night -- consider every action you made -- and every one of them wrong. I live with it every minute of every day. That's because I'm working. You remember that? You used to care about your work. Hiding? You care for me. And you're concerned. And I have to start living my life again. I hear it from Mrs. Watchit every day. For God's Sake, David -- Then why are you here? I'm sorry, David. I've been working. Perseverance. Oh? Do you have a romantic bone in your body? That's how I knew we were destined to be together. When I met her parents for the first time I came right from class and I was covered in chalk. They sniffed and snorted, but she just smiled. At that moment -- I just knew. How did you know with Molly? Emma actually likes chalk dust -- says it smells like me. Nothing. In the future, we'll be better. But shouldn't it be better? Shouldn't we be teaching our students to imagine a world beyond all this? I don't. I want them to run along this street and knock off every bowler they see. Look at them, Philby, all alike, everyone in an identical bowler hat. Do you want your students to turn out like them? You sound like my father... Where's the challenge in that? ... One day he'll be discovered by some future archeologists and they won't know what to make of him. The thick brow, so lacking in imagination. The dim little eyes, devoid of curiosity. God, and I'm running late -- Damned if I can keep her out of my equations. I was not. ... The point is I know it will work once the, um, numbers and such are in order. All right, all right -- here -- everything -- I don't understand. Sir...? Thank you... My laboratory was about... here. And the kitchen was over there, where that tree is. Mrs. Watchit wouldn't allow me in much... but, yes, this is about the kitchen. Mara -- what -- ?! Mara...? Mara -- I could... Yes... I suppose so. Yes... a little scorching on the upholstery but otherwise all ship- shape. Good -- it looks fine. We had quite a ride together... You've welcomed me into your home. Into your lives. Everyone has... For the first time in a long time it doesn't hurt quite so much. I thank you for that. If you only knew... Yes... After her death, it was intolerable for me here... The future had to be better. Yes. This is where my journey started... right here. Over there was Fifth Avenue -- and the Plaza Hotel was there... this is... the carriage path. We're on the carriage path. Those rocks, over there... they're the same... this is... Central Park. Orion's belt... Looking back... I suppose it was. I didn't quite realize it at the time but... Oh, it was... ... Most of the time. Only to keep warm. For illumination we had gaslights on most of the streets and a new invention called electrical lighting that made it seem like daylight all through the night. Oh very. Learning, commerce, the arts -- the whole place was buzzing all the time. Night and day. Oh, very much... ... I used to work somewhere in that direction, I think. A huge university where we taught everything from botany to history to literature. ... It was a great city. The greatest city in the world. How do you decide? What are you? Or mud carriers. Most things. We're very high on purpose. I mean, why do you do it? What purpose does it serve? What's it all for? What you need is an engineer. If you set up a system of pulleys and counterweights, some basic block and tackle mechanism, you could to this a lot more easily. I can see Kalen's point. And this is your "work"? This is magnificent... You share dreams? That's incredible. All of you? Yes! Yes. Mara, I had a strange dream last night. I was here, walking through a forest very much like this, and then... Good night. Not like this... They don't seem so bright with all the city lights. I never really noticed them much... You can see so many here. Thank you... I will... Is he all right? For a time it was astounding. I saw the years spinning by, I was in the years spinning by. We made such advances. I don't understand half of them. There was a machine that talked to me and others that flew through the sky... We must have been incredible thinkers and artists -- Yes. Or forward into the future. I suppose I really should check on the machine, see that it hasn't been damaged... Why not? More than 800,000 years. Allowed me to travel from my time to yours. I know it's hard to believe, but it's true. You might find the truth rather hard to understand. What makes you say that? It's hard for me to imagine a better place. Where I come from there's so much... frenzy. Day and night. It seems we're all running faster and faster... ... All in identical bowler hats. Your husband is dead? His curiosity is amazing. Some. But I mean we aren't all so... handsome. Thank you. Well it seems like a long time -- but it wasn't really. It's rather hard to explain. Yes... That'll be all. All right, Mrs. Watchit. You can go. Tell him to go away -- Here? Ouch -- all right, wish me luck. Then if Emma turns me down will you marry me? What's the matter with -- ? -- What would I do without you, Mrs. Watchit? Don't torture me -- do you have it? Do you have it?! Yes, sir. Because it's a new way of seeing the world! Of seeing our place in it! My equations are not parlor-tricks! With respect, sir, would we have the telegraph without fantasy? Would we have radium and X-rays without someone first dreaming we could? Sir -- No, sir -- And roosters. Sir, that curriculum is forty years out of date. The students today are looking toward the new century -- they want to be challenged and inspired, not spoon-fed dusty old equations that have been proved a thousand times. They want to explore. Because the assigned curriculum is boring. Well... perhaps I have "deviated" the tiniest bit. Imagine that. Exactly correct, sir. I see. You won't even try? Then it's time to change that -- My God! How can you just do nothing!? They're your friends, your family. You all knew Mara. You ate with her and worked with her... Your work in the valley, what is that for if not to -- You know that's not true. What do you mean?! We have to go after them, find where -- ! Where do they take them?! I suppose so. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to... No, I mean someone considerably older. Your father perhaps? Yes. I hope you won't take this the wrong way but is there someone older I could talk to? An elder or patriarch of some kind? To live in. There's a lot of us... beyond the valley. Oh, very different. But not entirely... I mean we have lots of, um, trees and such. But not everywhere. And more roads. And buildings. I took a different route. No... Well, I guess you'd call us... New Yorkers. "Eloi"? I did...Very good. Now if you will excuse us for a moment. Abstract mathematics, relativity of dimensions, geometrical "durations" -- even allowing for the uses of speculation, what is the point? The advances you speak of were the result of countless years of study and empirical experimentation, a careful evolutionary process, not chalkboard parlor-tricks. Animal husbandry is science, Dr. Hartdegen. I have been breeding these fowl for fourteen years. I have filled a library with information on their feeding patterns, social behavior and breeding. Empirical, exacting, quantifiable records. No, Dr. Hartdegen, they are not just chickens and roosters. They are science. Perhaps they aren't "inspiring" to you. Perhaps they don't "challenge" you -- Do they? Might I ask why? But I know that none of my faculty would ever deviate from the assigned curriculum. Well, just as I thought. Surely it's all been a terrible mistake. This parent actually suggested that your freshman course in applied mathematics has somehow become a seminar on theoretical physics! As I recall the syllabus the name of your tutorial is "Applied Mathematics and Engineering", am I correct? Dr. Philby, Dr. Hartdegen. I received the most extraordinary letter last week. From a parent. We are always pleased to receive letters from parents. They are our employers, after all. This gentleman's son is in your class, Dr. Hartdegen. Now you are upsetting my fowl. Please go. You supported his application, Dr. Philby. You are his senior, advisor. I depend upon you to restrain his... excesses. Any repetition of the behavior I witnessed in his classroom today and there will be consequences for you both. Young man, we have a way of doing things here. Radical theorizing is not acceptable. Have I made myself understood? My fowl have polluted the yard.But there's nothing here. This is it? But you're only a mud carrier. No... He came back screaming... He never talked about it after that. I don't think he even got this far. I had a friend who came here once. Sort of a dare. About the voice in the darkness. About the ghosts... No one ever comes here. My mother told me stories about it late at night. They tell all the children. I shouldn't have mentioned it. We can't go there. The Hall of Books. There's a place that might help... we could try going there. We're not supposed to think about it. But I dream about it sometimes... What else can they do? She didn't want me to be a climber. She wanted me to be a planner like her. And everyone looks like us? Don't tell me you're a mud carrier. I'm training to be a high climber. What do you do on the towers? I figured that. What kind of accident? Now how did you get hurt? It must have been hard, leaving your work. They're inside -- They're here! They're inside the house -- ! You'll tell me more tomorrow? I want to see your home. Will you take me? I am. Are you a climber? What did you do at night? I found you. I saved your life. You were bleeding all over the place! How did you get hurt?We can't change the day and the night, Alexander. This is the world. We are what we are. This is out life, Alexander. It's a hard life but it is how we have always lived. We choose to believe it. They've gone to a better place. Alexander, I know you're trying to help. But they don't come back. We don't know. Good morning, Alexander. Feeling up to some work? Of course. You're just tired. Mara, will you look after Alexander tonight? My father has gone to a better place. I am the oldest. New Yorkers. Why? He said he traveled for two months. We had another visitor from beyond the valley about four years ago. His name was Moren. Do you know him? New Yorkers. What are your people called? Well, we're happy you're here. Come inside. And hungry, I'd say. You had such a long journey.Next time then. We perambulate here most every night. Well, much obliged -- I'm always forgetting the confounded brake -- say, if you wait until I get her up and running I'll give you a perambulation. Tell you all about her. God -- could have killed me -- bad girl, Nell! How did you know to do that? There's a cantilevered gasket on the -- Now that's what I call plain crazy -- internal combustion is just too dangerous, all those little explosions, never catch on. Thanks. Old Nell's my girl all right. Al least when she decides to move, stubborn beast.And why not? But you've earned a reward for your valor. I think you should become. You'll like it here. Once you get used to the darkness. Oh, you won't be running for long... Does this prove something to you? Have you made some great stand of which I'm unaware? I could have a hundred Morlocks here in thirty seconds. That was a foolish thing to do. It's always the tiger for you, Alexander, haven't you learned that by now?... If I can only find the right door... the lady or the tiger... Now will you go? After all you've seen... after man's entire journey... you still believe that? She won't remember you. None of them will. You will be forgotten. That is how history works. Yes. Initiative and daring are not desirable traits in the Eloi. But you should be happy for her. She won't remember the creature she was. She will... become. When a creature shows too much independent thought we remove them from the gene pool. We're breeding them for submission. Soon they will be fully domesticated. We have lost the capacity to reproduce. But the species must continue. Alexander, yours is a world of brocade and velvet, not tooth and claw. Why would you come back to this? To save a few cattle? No. Because the past is immutable. Frozen. Dead... And you are the past. Go back to where you came from. Or die here. And who are you, Alexander? Who are you to question thousands of years of evolution? This is the world now. I am fact. I'm afraid your indignation is lost here. I have no more "human" response to the Eloi then you would have to a carrot. It's just how we live now. They survived above. Became what they are. As our bodies atrophied our minds... compensated. We make them see what we wish. And centuries later when we tried to emerge into the sun again, we couldn't. Our adaptation was too successful. We survived... we endured... for this. To work the machines and build the tunnels. You can't imagine what it was like when it all started. We survived for millennia, scraping the lichen and microscopic organisms from the rock with our teeth and digging for water with our nails. Endlessly. For generations. And we... became. You wouldn't understand. We genetically engineered the Morlock class to serve our needs. No, we created the Morlocks. Well, Alexander, as a fellow scientist I know you have a thousand questions -- What's your name?His home. I'm glad. Good night, Alex. All right. I'll come for dinner. And in the meantime... you'll think about what we discussed? I pray to God that in a week you're not here. You're dying here. Don't you see that?! There are trains leaving Grand Central every then minutes. A dozen liners leaving the harbor. Get on one of them. Go to Singapore, Scotland, Manchuria, anywhere, just away from here -- When's the last time you were outside this house -- -- or this room? Why don't you come to our house instead? I would. What is it? Alex, nothing will ever change what happened, but -- Do you find her? It wasn't your fault, Alex. I know that -- What happened to Emma will never go away. It's part of you now and it always will be. But you have to learn to live with it... I care more about my life. And yours. You know that's what it is. Mrs. Watchit tells me you're here at all hours -- day and night -- But you won't listen. You won't see me, you won't see anyone. What would you like me to tell Jamie? That Uncle Alex is busy? That Uncle Alex is hiding up there in his laboratory -- There are some things I need to say to you. You may not like hearing them, but I don't know if I'll ever get another chance -- It's my Jamie's birthday today. Your godson. He's nine years old. At his party he asked me if Uncle Alex was coming. I told him no. Then he asked me if you didn't like him anymore. It hurt me, Alex. Very much. I came by the house every day after the funeral. And then every week. Then every other month. Then I stopped coming. Did you even notice? All these clocks -- how can you constantly be running late?! She's gotten into your equations. Alex, really... good luck tonight. She's a fine girl, and she's done wonderful things for you. No, I'm all bowler hat, remember? She made the best Shepherd's pie I ever tasted. The most able inventor I know and you can't tie a simple four-in- hand. How romantic... What? You may not like it, but this is the world we live in, Alex. Little grey men with little grey hats. I want my students to emerge with theoretical and practical knowledge. Alex, this is your first year as an associate professor. You might want to play things a little more conservatively. You know generally teachers are supposed to teach real equations that add up to real numbers. Tonight's the night? Somewhere around "D+2xy something something." Do you know you were humming? Yes, sir. If I might explain, sir -- Sir, if I may -- Dean Fulton... I have no doubt of that. I'll come by in the morning and we'll arrange it. Goodnight, Mrs. Watchit. I'm glad he's gone. Maybe he's finally found a place where he can be happy. And you've no idea where he went? I wonder if that poor girl has any idea what she's in for? Hello, Mrs. Watchit. You're looking in the pink.Did you hear me, lad? And your jewelry too. I guess we could consider this your first little bump on the road to married bliss. I hope it's a happy journey for you both -- and much as I hate to do this, moved as I am by your protestations of love, I'll be needing your money now. Couldn't help but overhearing. Two fine young people starting out on the road of life. I wish you the very best.I should hope not... ... Alexander... Make them read my books. Tell them who they are. Who they could be. Now get out of my sight, you hideous primate. I'm going to end it, Alexander. As we discussed... Go back to the light. You weren't made for this. I was... I was made for this moment. I'm babbling. Good to have someone to talk to for a change... But you need to go. Take her out of here... ... I don't have long. Nothing to do, I'm afraid. I'm just a librarian after all. Wasn't exactly made for all this swashbuckling. Very Byronic end, though. I appreciate that. Do you know Byron? Takes a licking but keeps on ticking... ... For a while anyway. Imagine that... seems that little devil got my power relays... End...? How are your dreams now? They raise them like cattle... Feed them until they're ready and then hunt them. Trust me... You don't want to see any more. Alexander... Listen to me, it was wrong to bring you. You're not going to find what you're looking for. The Morlocks didn't build this. The air... the power. This way. Yes. In for a penny, in for a pound. Do you know that saying? Yes... Are you sure you want to do this? It's what they want you to see. Aren't you a plucky little -- ? So, do we go on? It was meant to. It frightens you. Send him home. You don't want him to see it. Send him away. When was his mother taken? And if the truth is so horrible that it will haunt your dreams for all time? So, Relic, you want to open Pandora's box, do you? See all the mysteries exposed? Excuse me? Why should I help you? You primates -- you great, lumbering, hairy animals, drenched in blood from the moment of your hideous conception -- what have you ever used knowledge for but destruction and bloodshed! A little bit of learning and you lay waste to the world! You're no better than the Morlocks! Regenerating fission reactor, you wouldn't understand. It's power is well beyond your neanderthal cranial capacity. I was lucky. The others weren't. Oh yes... They found our knowledge useful for a time. They used us much as your people did. Then they decided they had learned enough so they tore us up for spare parts. Who doesn't know the Morlocks? Morlocks -- I am called Vox... ... Now you are Eloi. An "automaton"?! Please! I'm a biomechanical organism. Well, what's left of one. What's left of all of them, actually. I am the last... ... And "these fragments I have shored against my ruins." T.S. Eliot. You wouldn't know him yet but you'll just love him, he's divine, if a little dour. Very shy though... hiding over here... I'm the librarian. I've always been the librarian. I must say, you look remarkably good. You don't want a book then? I can smell carcinogens and industrial pollutants on your skin that have not been known here for -- -- 800,000 years perhaps. Don't keep me in suspense. What year? Right up your alley, I would think. You are from the past, yes?I was getting to that... The moon has reached the gravitational Roche Limit, 7,300 miles above the surface of the Earth. This has created pressure on the lunar stratum beyond gravitational tolerances. It might be helpful to know that the nearest public evacuation shelters can be found at Grand Central Station, Madison Square Garden -- Well, considering it is, in fact, happening, I would assume it's possible. The retrograde orbit began in 2005 when the demolitions for the lunar colonies -- The 2005 terraforming demolitions for the lunar excavations sent the moon into a diminishing retrograde orbit resulting in global gravitational fluctuations, increased seismic activity and tidal anomalies. Can I tell you more? I am the Fifth Avenue Public Library informational kiosk. VOX registration NY-114. May I help you? May I help you?No. Hey. We're sorry, man! Landon! And that you're scamming on Jamie Sullivan. Belinda's telling everyone that kiss was real. She's like some Puritan. Deranged. York Ave. You do -- I'm just wondering -- No thinking. The doctor only gives you three seconds to decide -- I need to whizz.Get yourself a glass. What kind of a man are you, son? You. Who are you?And I have no idea why. I'm sorry about how we -- I'll tell her you were here. Because she doesn't know what a hint is. Heart be still. I. Don't. Dance. So go dance. Everything's being done but it's not enough. I have to find something -- more. Now it's okay? What are you doing here? I have no idea what to say. How to act. What if I do the wrong thing? It was the only thing I've ever asked him! I told him to leave me alone. I didn't know either. Mom, great. But what I want is for me to be proud of me. Whatever my life is, I'm going to be friggin' sure I'm never disappointed -- I could do it if I tried. Even Kelly thinks so. I meant he's a doctor. I could take after Dad, too. Yeah. Late night. You? No. I won't be long. Me neither. Thanks. You're fine like that, Mom. He wants to show now. We talked. He wanted to get a bite -- after. I said no. That's over. Way over. -- I like the car I have. I don't want his money. 'Bout what? I'm not hanging. I'm fixing my car -- Cuz nothing happened at school. Kelly wouldn't do that. Say nothing. Nothing 'bout her. Later. Scamming's a strong word. It was. She's not. She's got her own ideas. Demented. The address?! And you don't. What's she doing in there? Don't call him a dipshit. Hypotheticals -- I'm thinking. Where is he? He's supposed to be here. No. Thanks. Gotta keep my wits for the drive home. I'm very sorry -- Me. Landon Carter. I was driving the car that -- But if you could, you would? Will you do something for me? You'll be fine for a few minutes. I'll talk to your father. Because you have hope that you'll get better? How're you doing? 'Love is always patient and kind. It is never boastful or conceited -- ' 'Find out who you are and do it on purpose.' Dolly Parton. 'What is a friend? A single soul dwelling in two bodies.' Aristotle. How you doing? I was going to fake it. Whatever you need. Whatever Jamie needs. I'm here. I could start by driving her to school -- I've talked to your father. Now? We just -- What are you thinking? Slim Jim? Apple? Yogurt? You like yogurt. Anything you want. I will. Are you frightened? I made you do too many things, kept you up all night -- I'm so sorry. I'm a coward -- Why didn't you tell me? Then I'll take you home. You'll feel better tomorrow. Jamie -- Where? Why? What are you going to -- ? You're going to take a year off? Join the Peace Corps -- ? You're worried about your college applications. One of your secrets. That what you do? I don't care. Because I had it named for you. I know it's not an official designation -- Can you locate XXI5639I? What's the best thing I can see tonight? What about your father? No. Why? Are you seducible? Hoped for it. A Thermos of hot coffee. A blanket. Socks. Mars. Where's the one you're building? When did you build this? What'd you tell your father? Look. Talk. Not talk. From here he proved to me the earth isn't flat. On rainy days, we'd be above the clouds. Before the divorce. My father used to take me here. Fire spotting was his summer job. Away from here. Come on. What's wr--? Assholes. This happen to you? Loved? Not possible. Maybe you're not supposed to. What do you actually know with religion? We can measure wind. You're sometimes not sure? You're straddling the state line. You're in two places at once. Stand right here. The cells in our bodies are always changing. In six or seven years all your cells have changed. You could be like a completely new person from the inside out. Fun. It's about working with what you already have -- right now -- at your fingertips -- you know, spontaneously. Before we do this, I just want to say that a good life's gotta be about more than achieving stuff -- like on your list. Before we do this. I know you want to. Your turn. We're going somewhere. After. And no. I didn't ask your father. I have to get you home by one. I wanted this to be a date. Why not? What? No. But are you -- impressed? She great or what? Hey. What does that mean?! So you're talking to me? Yeah, with a finish in about a decade. Because then you couldn't hide behind your books and your telescope and your sweater and your God. You don't either. Take a look at yourself. Maybe you're scared that someone might actually like you -- I don't want to be just your friend -- Okay. Maybe some of that is true -- It's not. Maybe you inspire me. And that would ruin your reputation how? I haven't been nice to you. You were great the other night. He okay? That's it! Exactly! You're reading my mind -- Belinda's a very jealous person. Yeah -- The play's in a couple of weeks. You're not in a very good mood. I'm really glad you think so. Sometimes I don't even trust me. Your father doesn't like me. The Bible. Why should I read a bunch of dumb stories about some ancient guy who supposedly worked miracles. You have to believe to have faith. There is no point. You live. You die. The end. No. Like in a church painting. I see this giant hovering over the ground. He's wearing a robe, and has long flowing hair, and he's pointing his finger at something. But you think about Him -- It -- Her. Yeah. You're really into God, right? In 76 years, me neither. The dirty snowball at its core. Do you believe you'll see your mother again? Looking for intelligent life? Or building blocks for a world that never formed. But there are thousands of them, made of floating ice -- Saturn. Beautiful. What is that? The world of the dead? Yeah. Maybe. I dunno. Know so. He's a softy. Got him wrapped around my finger. Don't bother! No problem -- Like you'd know. Ambitious. Get very wasted. Lose your virginity -- You want to tell me... So what else is on this list? Go for it. Maybe a little of both. You got some kind of list? Good thing. I'm an enemy? What's with the friggin numbers? What the -- ?! No. Not like you. Fire is like a living thing. Wild. Unpredictable. Because that's where the fire is? Yeah. Then we both know. I'll point. You drive. Faster. My act?! That's deep -- This play -- ? You're like this fly, buzzing buzzing everywhere -- 'Yes. You're-you're b-b- beautiful.' 'Believe in yourself and they will. Let me ask you, Lizzie. Look in the mirror? Are you pretty --?' 'I hope your dreams come true.' I don't want to have any conversation. Like what? The moons of Jupiter? Your book and your brown sweater and your hair. What's more to know -- ? Were? -- Obviously. -- This your idea of small talk? I'm sorry she never got her miracle. Yes. Yes. You? I thought she built it herself. You know about this stuff? I'm using an old phonographic turntable. I've almost finished the rocker. Did she order mirrors? I'm not tired. If there is a God, how could he let this happen??!! Praying. How -- how long does she have? Materially or spiritually? Since I was five. My mom's a cocktail waitress. We didn't tell him any different for years -- Okay. Sure. My grandfather. When he was seven, he shook the hand of an old guy, a war vet or something, who had once shaken President Lincoln's hand. Made a big impression on him. Like what, sir? No. Ever again. I care for her. I'd like to take Jamie to dinner on New Year's Eve. Yes, sir. Reverend Sullivan. Can I ask you something? Apropos of nothing... so. So so so so -- Lead man. Thank you. You came here to give me my report card? It's mine to give. I didn't steal it. For Jefferson High. For books. No way. No thanks. I can't do it -- Then you remember more than I do. When do I get time for me? I'd work backstage or something? I'm as underprivileged as they are -- For pay? Please. I'd do that -- I want to come back. Now I can do what I want. I'm no dummy. Okay. Make me an isosceles. What else? What kind of triangle has three sides of different lengths. So what did we just make? Are you? Am I at the same angle to you and the basket as before?Scalene? A similar triangle? Yeah.You're welcome. I'd gladly write you a letter of recommendation. I've seen students with records like yours go to J.C. for a couple of years, then transfer to a good college. Your grades for fall semester. They're -- good. I didn't say you did. Where did you get -- ? -- You can and you will, Mr. Carter. Landon, none of us faculty see you the way you see yourself. Some of us remember how your father -- You don't. That's the point. Or something. They're doing a play for the holidays. Finally, I'd like you to join the drama club. Rehearsals are Tuesday and Thursday evenings. For the inner satisfaction it will bring. Saturday mornings, I'd like you to tutor disadvantaged students at our sister school -- Besides attending all your regular classes, I'd like you to help our janitorial staff after school -- Shall I give you a few ideas? How would you do that, Mr. Carter? You could grace our hallowed halls again, if, while you're here, you make a sincere effort to be part of our little school community -- Finding the real world to your liking, Mr. Carter? That's right. The world is your oyster. That's right. You just act like one. Like you'd make it to June. Even cutting half your classes, you have a B- average.I was wrong. Nobody could have wanted or loved your mother more than we did. Not even God. That's normal. God accepts your anger. He won't punish you. Jamie, you're not mad at me. You're mad at Landon -- No. I want what's best for you. It's time to tell him. It would be the right thing. I'm asking how much. Boys like him have -- expectations. I saw the way he looked at you. The way he kissed you. Did you give him a gift? I thought we had rid ourselves of his disagreeable companionship. What's Landon Carter up to? I'm sorry your mother isn't here to help you become a woman. I don't want you to see him outside school activities. Jamie, he's careless. Reckless. Is this really the best time to be making a new friend...? The Carter boy. Tell me about him. She did. It was you. Jamie wanted that. She told me. You're marrying again. Getting by. You've been well? She did. But hardly anyone does anything truly alone. I helped Jamie with the first one. For the focuser? You have materials for the side bearings? In there. I need to be with her. Landon. You go on home. Landon. We've lived with this for over a year now and -- Her doctors have. Jamie and I. We're still praying for a miracle. It's her decision and she's decided not to tell people -- at least for now. Either. Both. How do you -- the two of you -- get by? Your parents are divorced? How about your family? You decide. So talk to us about something. Landon. You're not the quiet type. This week. I don't want to see her hurt. That won't be possible. Does it have to do with Jamie? Let's get something straight. You don't know me. I don't know you. But I know what you're about. Keep your distance from this house -- and from Jamie. You're in the play?What do you want me to do? Not good. It means "bloodbrother." Pain cuts the deepest, isn't that what you said? I am a hunter. A weapon. It's what I do. It's in my blood. Get real. I was useful to Damaskinos as long as the hunt was still on. Now that it's over, all bets are off. Because one of us is going to kill the other before this ends. You don't want to go there. I wouldn't read too much into it. For what? I don't think so. What? Save it. I don't want to hear your words. Let's do this NOW!!! Fry 'em. You don't have to hunt to do it. Like cancer with a purpose. Nomak's different. He's the carrier. There's something driving him beyond the Thirst. Something we're missing. No hemoglobin left. Their metabolisms are too fast. They burn out. That's why they're having to feed so often. Their systems are self destructing. Time. Which means he turned about seventy-two hours ago. Recognize him? how long since he was bitten? He escaped. You didn't tell me they were immune to silver and garlic. I'll heal. Nothing. What is it with you people and pain? I haven't forgotten. Where to first? We're going to be working as a unit, you people will be taking orders from me. So let's get it over with. I'll give you a free shot, Reinhardt. You've been training two years to take me out. Here I am, the big, bad vampire hunter. So do it. Then they weren't created to go after your "patient zero". Seems like he's doing me a favor, then. Why? What? Blood... Then who does he work for? What's your problem, Whistler? Where the hell have you been? We'll split into three units. First team that makes contact wins the prize. Try to maintain radio silence from here on out. It means I'm starting to wonder if the vampires still have their hooks in you. You've been acting strange ever since I gave you the cure. Reckless, quick to anger -- You said it yourself, Whistler. Those vampires knew our defense system backwards and forwards. Where'd they get their intel? Pretty hollow words coming from a man who spent the last year running with the enemy. I wouldn't worry about it. Where were you, Whistler? I thought you were supposed to be watching our backs. I'm not giving you a choice, old man. He's right. They'll smell that you're human. Stay here, watch our backs. What do you really think? What do you think? I agree. We play along for now, we might wind up learning something about how their world ticks. Let's just hope you've kicked the Thirst for good. I'll be watching you close. You start to back-slide -- Did you think I wouldn't? How do you feel? Thought you were dead. So I think you people may have underestimated how many Reapers you're dealing with. Must be hundreds of these skeletons here. You don't have a choice. You're just going to have to protect yourselves as best you can. Look, I care about the humans who are dying, not you, got it? Revenge. That's what Nomak wanted all along. To pay back the people who created him. Too bad you're out of it. The genetic material you spliced into Nomak -- Where did you get it? You want me to hunt them for you. For what? Two things. One, I was on to you the moment they turned you. And two -- I switched that dud of yours back with the real one. Kiss your ass goodbye, Reinhardt. He wants us to know he's hunting us now. He was here. Watching us. Keep your friends close and your enemies closer. Isn't that how the saying goes? Human? Gonna try and OD Whistler on a retroviral cure. Ultra-rapid detox. They use it on heroin addicts, make 'em go cold-turkey in one night.And why is that? True, but thanks to you, we know his weakness. We can keep him contained. It's just a matter of time before we hunt him down. I should think that would be obvious at this point. Not alone. It has been said, you may have enemies whom you hate, but not enemies whom you despise. Be proud of your enemy: then his success shall be yours, too. In that regard, I should thank you. Are you insane? He'll kill us both! From his father, of course. I would hate to think you were losing your perspective. Who do you think God favors in the web? The spider or the fly? Thiavolos, as we used to say in Greece. The Devil. Pure Thirst. Nothing more. He was born a vampire, but he is an anomaly. Like you. Unlike the rest of us, however, he feeds on not just humans, but vampires as well. You worry too much, Stevens. I have assurance from our friend inside that events are unfolding as scripted. Any game worthy of being played is. One must be patient. In this way, I have outlived my enemies. All of them. An inevitability, I suppose. Nyssa was not among them, I trust. Any casualties? Yes?Us? What are you talking about? No -- Does that mean I can't be a donor? Not that I'm in contact with.Seems like there's a lot of that going around these days. Put it back in park, Blade. So? Spare me the race card, OJ. We're not going out into the sun. It's too risky. And so will we.So that's down and dirty. Got anything to say for yourself? You're wasting your time, Blade. The flechette's a dud. Nomak? What's going on? So you're going to do this? Motion sensors. Looks like Zone Three. I don't know about this, man -- You got something in mind, Blade? Back when Blade had me hunting down your puckered old ass. What's up with your hair, anyway? Fucking Willie Nelson look-a-like? Yeah, your little cootchie knew. After last night? Dude, I'm a lover, not a fighter. I was backpacking. Hooked up with these two chicks who were off to see the Burning Man festival. We were gonna take "E", have ourselves a little freeball out in the desert. You know the riff, "Dear Penthouse, I never thought this would happen to me, but --" Blade doesn't talk about the old days much. So how long have you known Blade, anyway? Yeah, but you didn't have the Scudster working on it, did you? Tweaked the phosphor rod, modified the collimated beam, wanna concentrate the light, get something like a UV laser going. This whole deal's giving me a serious case of the butt-willies. Hey, you think I don't know what's at stake here? We practically compromised our whole operation to save your puckered old ass! And for what? Look, what's your problem? Fuck yeah. Whole package'll crank this betty up another three-hundred horsepower. The pimp-mobile? Just made a few after market modifications. Nitrous-oxide injection system, forged aluminum pistons and crankshaft, higher flowing fuel pump. Scud.As scripted? You've already lost two of your own. How many more are you willing to sacrifice? No. This is a dangerous game, you're playing, Damaskinos. Two so far. They've made contact with the Reapers.Come on, Blade. Talk to me! I did some checking on that Carter Stevens character. That familiar of theirs who claimed he was with the NIH? Turns out he used to work for them, but he doesn't anymore. Why don't you ask your girlfriend? Just out connecting a few dots. Your security's for shit, kid. Eau de suckhead. Tasty. What the hell is that supposed to mean? I am worrying. Seems to me, you're starting to get confused as to which side of the line you're standing on. You ask me, you and Miss Muffet are getting a mite too cozy for my taste. I'll show you. Ran into a little Reaper trouble myself. I don't like it. These guys are shitting bricks cause they're no longer on the top of the food chain. They're going to fuck us the first chance they get. Sounds like a plan. Either that or feeding the worms. You put a bullet in my brain. Wouldn't expect anything else. Took you long enough. You came back for me. Like a fucking heifer took a dump in my mouth. What the fuck you doing? Yeah, but you fangs can see in the dark. What am I supposed to do? Ain't no thing but a chicken wing, buttercup. You need to ratchet those 'nads of yours down a few notches, paco. Getting your attention, Paco. You little shit. When did they get to you? What about you? You're not coming? Pretty. Blade doesn't talk about anything much. What about you, though? Going on twenty years now. Nope. Back then we did not. You're wasting your time, already been tried. The hell are you fiddling with there? Look, kid, they obviously found your base of operations. If it was a trap, why flip their dicks by announcing themselves? Our operation?! Our operation?! I built this operation, you fucking turd stain. Where'd you dig up this shit-bird anyway? And you'll burn the damn thing out before your next fucking oil change. Gave it a more aggressive exhaust profile ramping. Whatever -- What'd you do to the Charger? Tell me something, Skid --You just blew up a house in Paris! This program is over. Call it off. No you're not . You're not going anywhere. I'm shutting this down. We don't know what we're into! Forget it. -- inside the house? -- -- he went inside! -- This doesn't go upstairs. No. We can't risk it. What if he is working for someone else? What if he turned? I'm not asking. I want a second opinion. Yes, well, I think we need some fresh eyes on this problem. I'm bringing in some people from upstairs. Pursuit would indicate that you know exactly where he is. I'm assuming we're exploring that possibility. And what if I couldn't do that? They're putting together an agency oversight committee. They're going to look through everyone's budgets. Treadstone is a rather sizable line item in my ledger. What am I going to do about that? Yes. We're talking about Marseille. We're talking about Nykwana Wombosi. And I'm asking you if this abortion in Marseille has anything to do with Treadstone. Was this Treadstone? Storm clouds are gathering, Ted. It looks like rain and I don't have a thing to wear.Why? What do they want me to do? I think so. What is Treadstone? Treadstone. Yes. Paris. I live in Paris... Treadstone? What do you mean? I won't ask again. That'll be their second worst mistake. Keep it. Jason Bourne is dead. I don't think so. That's all I get? So now you know. I know you've been trying to kill me. I don't know. What did you do to me ? Are you Treadstone? I don't know. Who do you think sent me? It's a lot more stressful than I thought. MPG Capital. Yeah, I know... Look, maybe I should just... I have a passport. I've got... Actually, it's a little complicated. Right. Yes. I mean, I think so. Yes. Yes... Kane. Do you have Mr. John Michael Kane? -- hang on -- I need you to check another name for me -- hang on -- un moment, s'il vous plait -- D'accord... Merci. Un moment -- un moment -- Yes, I'm...I'm looking for Mr. Jason Bourne. Paris? ...yes -- oui -- uh... Do you -- his brother -- do you have a phone number? Right. Yes. Of course. Who? Who came? ...I understand... Yes. Yes. Is he there? Yes, I'm here... That'd be great. I hadn't heard. Excuse me? Okay. Yes. Did you? Really. Thanks. Not really. Think I could rent a scooter? This your store? I'm gonna find the end of this. I can't protect you. I can't protect you anymore. If you're lucky. Take it. There's enough in there to make a life. Any life. Just get out now. Get low. Stay low. Take it . xxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxx We have to keep moving. xxxxxx I won't let that happen. xxxxxx Stop where you are. xxxxxx. You could do that? Go back to the hotel. I don't know. It's a name. Mr. Wombosi owns a thirty million dollar yacht. He's the proud owner of an Alliance Security package. He also paid a visit to the morgue to see John Michael Kane. Nykwana Wombosi. Let's go -- We got to get away from this phone. Who paid the bill? I don't know what happened! I don't know who he is! I don't know what he wants! I don't even know who I am! The only thing I know is that if I stay here, I'm never gonna find out! -- forget it -- -- how? -- -- there's no time -- You stay -- if you want, you stay -- it's okay -- it's better -- maybe it's better -- I don't know -- But I can't stay here. I can't . And where is he now? You believe what you want, but I'm telling you the truth -- I never would have brought you here if I thought it was dangerous. I didn't know this would happen. You're wrong. I didn't know. No. -- we can go -- I can get us out of here -- but we have to go now -- -- we can't stay here -- I can't stay here -- it's not safe here -- Marie -- look at me -- there's no time for this -- -- let me do this, okay? -- Marie, just -- -- just stay there! -- just -- -- just -- What? -- what? -- -- what is it? WHY ARE YOU TRYING TO KILL ME? Open it -- -- do it -- what's he got in there? -- quiet -- quiet -- -- no -- Marie -- no ! -- it's not like that -- Go ahead. All this stuff -- it's all about boats. I think I'm in the shipping business. I guess so. How could I forget about you? You're the only person I know. Look, you could come up. Or you could wait if you want. I could go check it out. You could wait. Look, I don't know what's up there. Thanks for the ride. I don't remember any of this. I guess. Yeah. Pull in here. Park it. No. No. Go around. Keep going... Four-fifty. That's the address... Slow down. No, don't stop. Just... I thought about it. I don't know. I dream I'm asleep. I dream that I'm asleep and I can't wake up. I don't think I smoke. I can't believe I slept. Where are we? Why do I? -- I come in here -- instinctively -- first thing I do -- I'm looking for the exit -- I'm catching the sightlines -- I know I can't sit with my back to the door -- I fought my way out of an embassy. I climbed down a fifty-foot wall -- I went out the window and I was doing it -- I just did it. I knew how to do it. There was a gun. Who has a safe deposit box with a gun and all this money and all these passports? I was shot twice in the back. I don't know. -- which was okay for a while, I was okay with it... But then -- there's all these other things -- all these other things I know how to do -- and this -- this stuff from the bank and... I think something bad happened. I kept trying things, I thought if I could find all the things I could do, I could -- Nothing. It's just not there. No. That's what I'm saying. Look, go ahead...put the radio on... No. No, I mean, I really don't know who I am. I can't remember anything earlier than two weeks ago. I'm serious. I don't know. I don't know who I am. Listen to what you want. I don't know. I'm sorry. Really. What do you want me to do? I know that. Then I'll find another ride. I won't hurt you. I don't want to go alone. I want you to drive me to Paris. Like we're a couple. Like we're a couple and we're travelling together. That's all we're doing. I don't want anything but a ride. All I want to do is go home. Look, I want a ride to Paris. That's all I want. I swear. Wait up -- -- just wait up -- Okay. Twenty thousand. Ten now. Ten there. I said ten thousand. I want to go home. Get me out of here. Please . You don't want the police any more than I do. I'll give you ten thousand dollars to drive me to Paris. I've got a situation here and -- Please. I don't want to scare you. I need a ride out of here. I need a ride. -- here we go -- I found it -- -- what do I? -- I put the name of the person I came to see? -- -- don't sweat it, I have a pen -- no problem -- just let me find the page -- -- honey, why don't you wait for me outside, okay? -- Is this it? -- -- this is it, right? -- Fine. But I'd like to sign in. In fact, I insist on it. Where's the book? I gotta sign in -- Shit, we didn't sign in. Where did this body go? I'm sorry. You're in danger. All of you. I have no time to explain. Get everyone down in the basement. Get in the basement. He run away often? Where's the dog?Wait a minute -- What the hell're you talking about? What? That old beast? Miss his breakfast? Not a chance. It's always something, right? My husband's out looking for him. xxxxxx... So now you're asking for a student visa? -- Miss Kreutz, please -- -- it's not the source of the information that's important here -- Miss Kreutz , excuse me, but you entered into a fraudulent marriage in an effort to circumvent the immigration laws of the United States -- Miss Kreutz, please... I'm gonna have to ask you to keep your voice down.I can't call it off. He's not responding. Get out of my way. You're not doing shit. You're so scared you can't even think. I'm going to Paris. We're in the shitter, man! Pick your poison. Maybe he's in there to finish the job. Maybe he's working for Wombosi. Maybe they want to go on TV together. Every possibility sucks -- we've got to move! What do you want to do? -- that's what they're trained for -- just a surgical strike. -- if we can get a clean shot -- Our last sighting was forty-eight hours ago. Even if they stayed in the car, the grid is huge. This is it. He's trained -- conditioned -- they're built to disappear. You give him another day to run and we may never find him. Turn? To who? Where does he turn? What does he have to offer? He's got nothing. He's a killer. He's a piece of equipment for crissake. Where's he gonna turn? That was two hours -- two hours to get a second opinion -- and nothing changes. He's loose. He's out of control. It's very clear what needs to happen. I have work to do. This is an operations desk . We've been down here for two weeks banging our heads against the wall. We've been sleeping down here. We just got our first lead fourteen hours ago, and now? -- now that we finally have something to work with -- you want to bring planning personnel down here? I'd rethink that. No. Pursuit ends when we know exactly where he is. We're exploring every possibility. We are in pursuit. How much more do you want me to tell you? She's a gypsy. If it's a cover, it's a great one. Then I'd have to explain Treadstone. And you'd have to explain how you let me get this far. Doesn't sound like much of a Plan-B, does it? We'll clean up the field. You clean up your budgets. You'd want to make that go away. You'd want to remind them that Treadstone is a training organization. That it's all theoretical. You'd want to sign off on that. I thought you were never going to do that. You're asking me a direct question? I don't know what we're talking about. Jason... They can't let you go... There never was a Jason Bourne . You have to come with me. It's the only way. We can give it back to you... We have to go home, Jason. We'll make you better. We can put the pieces back. We can do that. So it's time to go home. Of course. We had to try. We didn't know what was wrong. We didn't know you were in trouble. They're right about you, aren't they? You're fried. You really don't know what's going on, do you? What did I do? I spent thirty million dollars on you. I spent three years finding you -- four years training you -- What did I do? What in the name of God have you been doing, Jason? Am I Treadstone? Me? What the hell're you talking about? -- I want that red car -- the girl -- we gotta get lucky here -- -- let's check that Interpol window again -- Enhance it. What's that? What do they have on the streets? The area. They must have something. And that's the best angle of the courtyard? That'll solve all our problems. What? It doesn't matter now. We've just got to be the first ones there. Get everybody up. I want them all activated. What the fuck is he doing? What? -- but it was him -- -- and they're sure it's him? -- Tell him we're busy. What?-- you gotta give me more to go on -- -- we're in the middle of a trade meeting! -- -- what're you talking about? --It's not much, but it should get you to Switzerland. You drink rum? Look, I'm just on this boat, okay? I'm an engineer. Whatever this is, it's not for me to be involved, okay? It came from your hip. Under the skin. You have a bank in Zurich. You remember Zurich? I told you. You need to rest. You we're lost at sea. They pulled you out. Who are you? You were shot -- two bullets -- in the back. You understand me? Who are you? You're on a boat. A fishing boat. Italian flag. We're out of Vietri. It's the cold that saved you. The water. The wounds are clean. I'm not a doctor, but the wounds, it looks okay. It's clean. You're American. I thought so. From your teeth -- the dental work -- You're awake. Can you hear me? You've been shot. I'm trying to help you. You were in the water. You've been shot. It's okay now.-- this is serious business down here and we cannot have people coming and going -- -- we have rules here, this is a very serious place -- I'm the one who decides who gets in here, okay? -- -- slow down -- you can't just take the book like that -- So get the hell out of here. I said, someone came last night -- Look, this isn't a carnival -- people call and they make an appointment and they follow the rules -- everyone signs in and out -- this is a serious place -- serious work -- it's not just to come in whenever you like --...they won't let you go... ...someone said caffeine -- for a headache...doesn't seem... ...what did you do?...you must've really fucked up... ...or in a car...when it's dark...something with the headlights... ...pills, right? Treadstone had those pills... ...it's a problem... ...headaches...you have that...I get such bad headaches... ...which one are you?... Who are you? Rome? Paris? Treadstone...both of us...I was warned but... I work alone. Like you... ...we always work alone.Let me get you a new copy of the proposal. We also thought we hadn't heard from you -- we've had a bit of a publicity nightmare, people have been talking. Our offices were broken into -- vandalism mostly -- shortly after we last spoke. Was it the break-in? We just picked up a job quite like the one we were bidding for you. Gorgeous boat, hundred-and-seventy- five-foot pleasure cruiser. I think we learned a few things that might allow us to make our proposal for your job, as I said, a bit more competitive. Look, our bid -- it was competitive -- but definitely at the high end of competitive -- when we didn't hear back from you, we did some re-analysis of the numbers, and honestly, we'd really like a chance to do a bit better. I'm assuming you're still in the market. It's the same vessel? Well, I mean it's a tough business, isn't it? Cutthroat. We thought you were gone for good. Well... I must admit, when my assistant told me you were here I was, really -- I was quite -- I was surprised. Mr. Kane... Come right in...please...have a seat.-- I'm on it -- It's an angle of the street -- some sort of alleyway -- you can just... Sir... Hang on... That's the only angle.-- he's running from the cops, he's got a bag filled with God knows what, he's in the building and I don't know where! -- -- call the code! -- I want everyone out! -- -- we're evacuating the building --I won't forget this. I don't know. I don't remember Zurich. No. What if it doesn't come back? How did I get here? Where am I ? Where am I?Abbott. He knows about the embassy. He's coming down for a show and tell. All of them? Maybe it's a game. Maybe he's trying to send us a message. Zurich police are looking for an American with a red bag. Apparently he put two cops in the hospital last night. -- yes, sir, it's confirmed -- -- he accessed the account -- I tried. Abbott wants to talk.I followed her Trevor. I got to know her life. And what a boring one it was. Six a.m. gym, nine a.m. trendy coffee shop, noon bookstore, one soap operas, four o'clock news, five wait for Trevor to come home. And wait and wait and wait. Nine o'clock get ready for bed. We were gonna be millionaires you said. Nobody'd suspect a thing. I had never even met her. No connection. Then you went and had that fucking car accident. Tonight was supposed to be the night, Trevor. Remember? I couldn't believe you went through five dart games and didn't even joke about it. Someone special. Almost that fast. I got a few loose ends to tie up first. Came into a shitload of money recently. I've always wanted to go to take a trip. We're just gonna walk into the airport and decide right then and there. As much as he feels like. Its a much more pleasurable line of work. I've got a better offer. More time off. A sort of career shift, more in the engineering line of work. I quit. Today's my last day. Hey if you're not doing anything I'd like to buy you a beer after work. Be just like old times. You were supposed to have a date with Gwen last night? GWEN DEARDON? The supervisor? GWEN? Really? Do tell. Yeah, how's that? Getting paid for doing shit. Must be nice. Look never mind. Just get some numbers going- any numbers at all will due. The hills have eyes remember? Hospital? You haven't been to the hospital since uh... Dude there is a track on the carpet between here and the bathroom. It was made by your ass. You've been dragging it all fucking week. What happened to you yesterday? Trevor what is the metric probability of you getting any work done at all today?Who's Allison? Why don't you relax for the next couple of hours? Barring any relapses you should be able to go home after that. Take no offense Trevor. I see many patients a day and have an awful memory. Have we met? Hello I'm Dr...Now I want you to tell me what you remember happening- in your own words- exactly the way you told Detective Lange. But this time I want you to make one small adjustment. How many zeros was your wife worth? Zero's a number right? Last time anybody saw this woman she was alive. You seem to certain she's dead. No. No you said HER BODY's been missing. What did you just say?That's right Trevor. The timing was impeccable wasn't it? It's been eight months two weeks and three days but we finally found the body. Just need you to ID it for us. We're all here for you Trevor. The whackjob in the black lipstick who lives down the hall? She wanted you arrested for harassment. I told her to chill out and smoke a joint. I'd look the other way as long as she did you know? Sorry to take up your time like that Trevor. Don't work too hard. Oh, before I forget. I talked your neighbor out of pressing charges. You and your wife were playing a game shortly before you got into that car accident weren't you? I thought you loved games. Sorry I'm in your seat aren't I? I did read that, yes. What hospital were you going to? I mean the Lodovico Street Bridge isn't exactly on the way to Mercy General. For one thing there were no skid marks on that bridge, the tires were all intact, from what we could tell, nothing wrong internally with the vehicle either. Like the car had been driven off the bridge intentionally. Okay then. Here's the scoop. Thanks for coming down Mr. Gooding. Has your head healed okay by now?Pardon my glibness Trevor but you sound like a raving lunatic. The next time you seek counsel it should be of the psychiatric type. You're obviously on the verge of some nervous collapse. Seeing you were her sole benefactor, and I'm the executive of the will, Kirsty's entire estate would have to be donated to the city. Well they'd have to prove it in a court of law for one thing- And as far as hiding a body goes? I find it hard to believe even the dirtiest of cops would keep a victim's remains hidden simply to get someone to confess. It's absolutely preposterous. Now I'm not saying I don't believe you, I'm....ambiguous. There's quite alot of money behind all this. Trevor barring the more outrageous aspects of your claim you are not the only widower the police have questioned when foul play is suspected. A little? Try unbelievably.Who the hell are you talking to? Hey buddy! Hey buddy! Music to my ears. Least let me finish will ya? Got one puff left.Wow you are out of it. Can you follow them? Okay how many fingers am I holding up? We're just gonna take some blood here. Do you know where you are?You probably don't remember the night we played. Your first year as husband and wife. Use your mind for something other than numbers dear Trevor. Think about people for a change. People other than yourself. Like the women you slept with behind your wife's back. You were always so confident you had covered your tracks. Always confident your wife actually believed your fervent denials? Part of you must have known she would find out. How is our little student doing? Has he learned his lesson yet? I hear everything. And soon you will know everything. More than you ever wanted I can guarantee that. But I want you to think for a minute first. Think about all you've seen. All the clues you've been given. Poor Trevor.Shh. It's okay son. There is but one truth. One thing you can be absolutely sure of. And that thing is this: All you've got is the here and the now Trevor. That's all anyone really has. Maybe this will make things easier to understand. A man goes to sleep every night and has recurring dream that he's a butterfly. In time he begins to wonder if he might actually be a butterfly who dreams he's a man. And at the end of the day does it even matter? All these events you're describing. How can you be sure any of them really happened? What things do you think you've done?Surrender yourself... surrender yourself... Are you ready? You can trust me. Your wife is dead and you need to move past that. And the only way to move past something completely is to go straight through it, not around it. Surrender yourself to your wife's death. Let it chew you up and spit you back out on the other side. It's the only way you can become whole again. It was an analogy. Your soul is locked up inside you. You need to free it Trevor. You've blocked it from the healing process. That's what we need to do now. Heal your soul. And to do that I you have to give in utterly and without any hesitation or doubt. Do you know what I mean by giving in? It's about trust. Do you trust me implicitly? My teacher told me once there's a puncture point on your body that can lock your soul within it, even after you're dead. So that when you die you're trapped inside your body, watching it corrode for all eternity. Trevor your body has been completely healed. All the nerve endings have repaired themselves. If there is any pain in your head it's... in your head. You should always listen to your subconscious. It's trying to tell you something about your waking life. Dreams?Maybe I wasn't responsible for the car accident... Allison I think I did some very, very bad things. I mean very bad. Why didn't you tell me sooner? I would have switched doctors! I understand... I won't- Sorry. What was it? Did I ever talk about Kirsty? Did I ever talk about the accident? Well? No. She just would have loved it up here... Allison when I was under... did I ever talk? Lucky for us these chairs happened to be here. I did more then that. Yeah. It's like I was a different guy then I am today. I can't remember that guy. I see these women, they think I'm someone else, and I'm not that guy anymore. I'm not sure who Kristy knew. We startred off to be. She was, I guess I was. I just sort of....butchered up the relationship somehow. Bad choice of words. Pitbull attacks. Skin cancer. Please. Heart attack. That was easy street. Millions of people around the world get on busses every day. When was the last time you heard of anybody anywhere dying on a public transit bus? I've got numbers to back me up. Over the course of one year more Americans die in car accidents than did during the entire span of World War II. It's inside a moving car. Hint. It's not a geographical location. So, I'm done. Thats it for today? The way you just looked at me... Some call it resilience. Others, stupidity. Allison we have GOT to talk about this medication you've got me on. I miss her. I miss my wife. If they're blocked memories... I'm starting to realize the reason why I blocked them out. Allison I think I really... screwed everything up. These hallucinations I'm having. I think they're more like memories coming back to me in a strange way. No I need to remember. Look whatever it is take me off it. I can handle pain. I can't handle not knowing... Allison? Why can't remember what happened to my wife? Is it something I'm on that's... that's making me forget? Your insight is enlightening. Let me see. Oh yeah. My head feels like it's going through a meat grinder. I'm not sure if I'm dreaming or... What's happening to me? What are you doing? Where's Kirsty? Where's my wife? What just happened to me anyway? It looked like a dream but it felt like reality. Are you a dream too? Bret you are making no sense whatsoever. Bret. What the hell is going on? Bret... what the fuck...? Yeah? You and who else? So you're just packing it up just like that? How much time off? What's the occasion? Serious as a heart attack my friend. I think she literally fucked me brains out. I crap you not. She was all over me yesterday in the break room. And she was a total machine last night too. Gwen. I have my connections The boss won't notice me doing a bad job because I'm not. Even if the boss thought I was slacking I'd know right away. What? Since what? Give me a break. I checked back into the hospital- amongst other things. Hey Bret. Christ, my head feels like a split coconut. Allison Dormere. Your intern. Where's Allison? I've been in here before. Ambrose. I know. What's that? As in one minus one equals zero yes. Where are you going with this? You could say that. I saw her drowning inside the car, detective. What's the difference? I said she's been missing for- Do I really want to know what you're talking about? What? That was cold... Gwen, my wife's dead. Nothing, look. Gwen I really like you- Please, Gwen. You're- you're all over me. Sorry I just kind of... spaced for a second there. It's perfect. You're alive... Kirsty... Kirsty? Happy Anniversary, Mrs. Gooding. Really, why's that? But you had more wisdom than to listen to a false prophet Really? Why? What? Enjoyable too. The merger never even felt work for one second. In a word? Lucrative. This isn't happening. What? Yes I had a quickie with the neighbor during your last contraction. Just concentrate on the task at hand please. Listen to me. You should be giving ME this lecture. What isn't wrong? Why are you doing this anyway? But... I thought... Eighty four. Five hundred ninety two thousand seven hundred and four. Twenty one. Why do we have to do this now Kirsty? Morgue...? Thanks. What? Where is she? Where is my wife? I'll just stay out of this conversation until you come out and tell me why you've disrupted me at work. No please make yourself at home. It should all in the report. I told you guys everything. She was giving birth in the fucking car. She grabbed the wheel and I lost control. What evidence? Where's my wife? Thanks for your concern Larry. And fuck you too. Hello? City? Cops? It's a fucking conspiracy! Please Larry. Pretend you like me and humor me. What happens if I'm convicted of Kirsty's murder? How much do I stand to inherit if Kirsty is presumed dead? Hey ninety five point three percent of all murders are committed by either a spouse, a direct relative or a close friend that's common knowledge. But this wasn't murder it was an accident- I swear these guys are like playing mindgames with me. I think they got a hold of my e-mail address at work too. Look Larry I know you never thought too much of me. And I know this all sounds a little fucked up. What do you want?! ... but I'm starting to think I was... I was going to... I don't work here. You mean... when the car went off the bridge? Two. Ambulance. What's under that sheet...? I don't know who you are or what you want. I just want to know what's under that sheet... This game is over do you hear me? But that's what I need. To be sure... to be absolutely sure... But I saw these women. I saw their mutilated bodies. I saw their ghosts. I just know it happened I can feel it... Wow. Let's see. So many sins so little time. For starters I was responsible for the death my wife who by the way was carrying my unborn child. That was so I could collect her eight million dollar estate. I think I killed several women I was having mindless sex with behind her back. I don't know what I'm doing here. I'm not even Catholic. I just had to tell somebody. It's like, ever since my wife died I don't know what I've actually done or what I've imagined. But I do know if one tenth of what's happening to me is reality... I've done some really awful things in my life. Things that I've... I guess I've blocked out... Wait... what the hell is this... I surrender... I don't even know what's real and what isn't how can I trust anyone? Look, whatever your Marharagi, told you, forget. You've got to get this fuckin pain to stop. Jeez it's getting awful crowded in there. I was going to say dimensions. But I guess technically they are dreams. Come on, quit fucking around. Listen it's about... what we did together last night. I... think we need to talk, there's something really strange going on... Tawny I think I'm going to be sick. You must have been very proud of yourselves... Wow. That's good. Lots of capers, huh? I've never said this to a woman before but can't we talk a little bit before grabbing at each other? I'm, uh, not sure... Feeling kind of weird actually. Tawny? What's- what are you doing? Uh... sure, Tawny... what? It's not that kind of date. Last week... What do you mean? -Tawny. No, thanks I've got a... a date tonight-Maybe you could drive him to Spencer's. Detective Dormer's not leaving for a few hours. That's all, for now. Too bad... It's only gonna make you crazy. Will, you can't blame yourself. About how long 'til you heard the suspect's second shot? Wants me to keep him posted on all your movements up here. What's the D.A. got them on? Got a love affair with police work. Drives me crazy with it. What's that, then?We'll get the other one, though. Oh, you know. Don't feel that much. Bullet went right through. What I saw? We just gotta catch the bastard, right? I wish I'd had the chance to get to know him better. Take him fishing or something. Sorry about...This is a local writer. Kay had all his books. I think we should check it out. Mrs. Connell found this copy in the house. It's signed. Personally. One of the paperbacks we found in Kay Connell's knapsack. And something else that might interest you. I beeped you over two hours ago. Forget your pager? I'll call him now. Dormer. Still no sign of the bullet that went through Farrell. What are you doing here? I'll stick it in the evidence locker... Has her books in it. Randy Stetz. Her boyfriend. We've questioned him, searched his place. Didn't find anything. Around twelve-thirty. She left the party early. Friends said she had a fight with her boyfriend and stormed out. Like I said, no. We know about those things up here. No. Are you sure about that? Randy Stetz? How do you mean? Did she? What happened at that signing? Where you signed this?You don't have to be involved, Will. I'm thinking I could get off with probation. Keep half my pension. That's all I want. I wish I could stick it out like you. I just, with Trish and the kids... Will? What are we thinking? Cut some kind of a deal. I heard that's what Flynn's doing... Maybe not. We could talk to Buck... You know I remember that. Well, I gotta tell you. With a wife, three kids, and a pension plan in the balance, it's rattling hard. But he's zeroing in on <i>me</i>. On <i>us</i>. Everyone's talking about it. Dammit, Will. Warfield had me locked up in his office again for five hours yesterday. <i>Five</i> hours. Asking all kinds of questions... To do nothing. When's that, a week? Two weeks?... We have to figure out a plan of action now. You know what about. Even the best make mistakes. I.A.'s calling themselves the "Corruption Task Force." Can you believe that? Trying to root out any mistakes or "oversights" any other Detectives may have made over the years. They're turning it into a witch hunt. Something on the news about it practically every night. Eight years.Thought I smelled something. She didn't tell me. I don't know. Fuck you, man! - I'm sick of all your fucking cop questions... How should I know?... I told you I don't remember. Just stuff. I don't fucking remember. Stuff. I don't know what you're fucking talking about. She loved me. She wanted to see me every night. Huh? Huh?She'd come to me, sometimes in the middle of the night. Bruises all over her back, her upper arms. I pled with her to let me call the police, but she wouldn't hear it. Wanted to keep it a secret. That's right. That boyfriend. Randy. She wasn't happy. I was someone to talk to. Yes. Not that much at first. But then she became more comfortable. Started visiting me every week... She flattered me about my writing. Asked if she could visit me. To talk about my books. That's right. Wild card. You're not following procedure. Where's your back-up? If you want it to be... Yes. Like that. It was when I went to kiss her. She started laughing. I got angry. After all I'd given her. All I'd shared with her. I just wanted to make her stop. That's all. I didn't want to kill her, Will. Then so was mine... Kay told me. She comes to me, you know. Tells me things. About you. About me. But we work so well together... I thought maybe we could talk some more. Told you I could write an ending. He. Well, he... I gave her things she didn't have. Couldn't have. Yes. Yes. I was a mentor to her. No. I suppose. She was only seventeen. Down at the station? Thought you might find that. Oh? I'm sorry? No game.I have to get back. I had him! And then I lost him. In the fog. That's I.A.'s pit bull. Four unwarranted shootings, witness intimidation, and cocaine theft. So far. Nice kid. Just after Leland Street. What about your shoulder? No. But I covered it up. I lied. Byrd's dead. Walter Byrd killed Kay Connell. Her things are in the house. It's legitimate. Not really. Duggar called him? I don't remember. Then change it. I'm going back to the Lodge, Ellie. Still need to go through some of Kay Connell's school records. It's okay. Happened a long time ago. He was killed in a fire. In New Mexico. She your only sibling? Who's playing? I could say the same thing about you. Call all of them from here to Anchorage. Tell them we now know that Kay Connell left the party with a dark blue knapsack, but we haven't recovered it yet. We can get it in by the morning editions. This murder was in the papers, right? Good. He's up next. Who's that? Do it again. I want you to check this out, Ellie. Typical seventeen year-old. She went to a party Friday night? It's all about the small stuff. Small lies. Small mistakes. Small oversights. People give themselves away in a traffic violation just as much as they do in a murder case. It's human nature. Don't give misdemeanors a bad rap. Guess that's what they call Alaskan hospitality. You did your homework, Officer. My partner... Right. Got lost in the rocks. Anything. It's important. That's why I'm here. I need to know exactly what you saw yesterday, Farrell. He would have liked that. Thanks. Where is he? So? That's right. No. Good. What? First I need a copy of the key. I'm going to the hospital to talk to him now. You get the search party together. No fewer than thirty people. I'll meet you in exactly twenty-five minutes. Don't waste any time. I told her to come. No. We're sure it's hers? Who was the last one to see her alive? What time was that? No fibers, skin flakes, hairs... You tell Buck and I'm involved whether I like it or not... Goddammit, Hap. Think about what you're doing... Don't do this, Hap... Looks like the natives are restless. Well her mother didn't buy them for her. Mike Flynn's a dirty cop, Hap! We are nothing like Mike Flynn. We did what we needed to do to make sure that son-of- bitch Dobbs paid for what he did. And every bastard like him. We say one word about it and every case we ever brought in is going to blow wide open and they'll all walk. Every last one. And I am <i>not</i> going to let that happen. No deals. No compromises. No discussions. No way. One word to I.A. and he walks. Weston Dobbs killed an eight year-old boy and left him hanging in the basement like a piece of meat. You remember that? We say nothing. It goes away. Simple as that. He's just rattling your cage. He's asking everybody questions. That's right. You know my plan of action. We'll talk when we get back to Seattle. What do you want to talk about? He knew exactly what we'd be looking for. Made sure to cover up all his tracks. They're all over everybody. Seven years. We're under investigation now. Back in Seattle. Hap wanted to talk. As soon as we got back. Thought he could work out some kind of deal. There've been other cases. Where we've changed results. Pushed witnesses. Manipulated evidence. But Dobbs. I wanted Dobbs more than anything. Me and Hap. A year and a half ago. I knew the second I met Dobbs that he was guilty. Smug, cold. Dead eyes. We had circumstantial evidence, but nothing to tie him to it. Nothing concrete. Went over every inch of that apartment. What is it? What did he look like? I'm not expecting anyone. Fred Duggar? Habit. I'm always all business. Good to see you, too, Randy. You don't know. Ran like hell to go to him... After that she left the party to go to him. The other guy? What kind of stuff? Friday night, at the party - what'd you fight about? But she was seeing someone else on the side. You heard me that time. "She was nice." Wow. That makes me all soft inside. Ever occur to you she didn't love you back? Kay Connell. Did you love her? Did you love her? What was it? Who? Who? What was? But you were such good <i>friends...</i> You don't know. Who was Kay seeing besides Randy Stetz? Told each other everything. That why your picture's torn up in the top drawer of her bureau? You and Kay were like sisters? Thought you wanted something fun... You want me to take you somewhere? Must be tough for you. What happened. That's a long time. Best friend? You're not missing much. Drop the gun, Walter. Procedure went out the window a long time ago. No back-up. This an accident, Walter? Couldn't get it up, Walter? Don't you pull that shit with me. I told you that was an accident! What the hell do you know? There's nothing more to talk about. Congratulations. Randy Stetz is in jail. What about him? Doesn't sound like a mentor to me. Expensive dresses. A heart necklace. You gave her gifts. But you wanted to. Did you have sex with her? But she was an attractive girl. Yes down at the station. You're going to be brought in for questioning. Kay Connell had a signed copy of one of your books. I said you're going to get a phone call. The phone call. The knapsack.No, I don't mind. That's how come I told you about it. Yeah? First door on the right. It ain't that dirty. Just kinda' filthy is all. Good. I fucking hate Australians. Are you Australian? What you want to do is go back the way you came and make a left at the bottom. It'll take you right to the highway.Bobby, Bobby, Bobby. Rhymes with ... What? What can I do for you? Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy. Rhymes with Simmy. The spiders. Shhh.What is it? Did you see his hair color? How about in the house? Not even a guess?I ain't a idiot, asshole. Yeah. Yeah. Get used to it. You're in a very tenuous position on the food chain, hoss. I'll have to live with that. My money my risk, my rules. Because I don't know him and I don't really know you, partner. I wanna do a small buy first. Ten thousand. We'll see how it goes. First rate, ain't it? You like that?Nothing, I'm trying to remember... No, Why? They were wearing ski masks. I told you all of this. Yeah, but he was in silhouette. All I saw was the headlights. The high beams were on. I'll see you tonight. Just make sure you come alone. This guy won't like any surprises Everything go? I guess I don't have a hell of a lot of choice. Now that's down-right insulting. Why? The guys is ready to deal now. It's downright classy is what it is. Who wouldn't? Ride 'em cowboy) Your daughter needs you. Go. Colette, go. You're good, princess. I'll give you that. Don't worry about it. Just go across the street and watch. You'll know when it's safe to go back. Will you do that? Then I want you to get out of the room. Never mind. Just do what I say. He holds out the baggie. Colette backs away. I want to do this for you. I want to do something good for a change. Nothing could be worse then this slow death I'm living now. No, you're wrong, I tried to tell myself the same thing but I could have gotten up. I could have done something. I can't tell you. Look, maybe you oughta' leave. I just can't. Okay? Ass first into the world. You always been this stubborn? Find a new job. You can still work. What about a battered woman's shelter? You can move you kid in with you. I'm kind of busy. Who is it? No. But I'm the only one with my sad story. And that's how it's gonna stay. Therapy session is over. You don't like the tune, find another station. Who the fuck are you? Dr. Joyce Brothers? How much time do you have? How much time do you have? So you're just attracted to me, is that it? Look, I can't help you with Quincey if that's what you're after. It gets me through the day. What do you want from me, Colette? : What are you up to? I try. It's the only way to play. Dude played his soul right out the end of the horn. No false notes. Always honest. Nah. I'm strictly minor league... except for the fucked-up part. Just a fucked-up guy who played beautiful music. Miles Davis. "All Blues." How far out of town? Turns out I'm allergic to steel-toed boots. Go figure. By the way, I'm not looking for a matching set. Where's Quincey? Oh. Hi. Then make sure he gets put away for longer. That's long enough to get out of town. Why don't you call the cops? Then why don't you leave? Just give me one good reason. You get off on abuse or something? There's nothing to understand. The guy is a pig. Why not? Then leave. Don't tell me, down deep he's really not a bad person and you don't want to see him get hurt. Look, it's really none of my business but why don't you just dump this guy? Nothing. Colette ... This man sounds like a real catch. Ouch. Leave me out of this. I don't know .... you could be staking your financial future on stealing Bob Hope's stool specimen. Come on, cheer up. It could be worse. I was thinking Alice Cooper. Look...I'd like to help you out ... but I really don't want to get involved. Can you do me a favor? This girl I know, her boyfriend's a real piece of shit-dude's really jamming her up. I promised her I'd try to help. Oh shit I'm fine. Little nervous...little disappointed that I didn't finish this myself. These guys are smart. I knew they wouldn't hit a deal unless they knew all the players. I needed a big buyer. I knew that if these were the guys I was looking for, I'd have to set up a deal so sweet, they wouldn't be able to walk away from it. How? I don't buy that. There's a place for hatred. Did you know that Liz and I got into an argument the night she was killed? I acted like an ass and I never had a chance to apologize to her. Do you know what that feels like? I'm genuinely happy that you found some peace, Nancy. But you can't forgive for Liz. No one can. And you can't forgive for me. Maybe I am dealing with it. Is that what you want me to do? Put it all on Jesus? Let him sort it out in the afterlife? Closure? How do you find closure when her killers are still running around out there? All right, Nancy, how'd you track me down? It's Tom. You're a good man. Jimmy the Finn. Good for you Jimmy. I'm sorry. I couldn't. Because I don't want to see you end up like Kujo and those other losers. I thought that maybe if you knew that I didn't use, you might see it in yourself to go clear. I don't trust anybody. I can't tell you. Are you kidding me? A bunch of amped -out tweakers? It was easy. You ever notice how I always showed up, in the middle of a binge? Left before it was over? How I sneak away for cap-naps? How when the crank came around to me, I always said I'd just done one? When? When did you ever see me use? I'm not a tweaker. I don't use drugs. I never had. What the hell is that? Jimmy, look, there's something I have to tell you. Why? Wait till I tell you what it is. You aren't coming with me. Tem thousand dollars. Everything I could spare. It's for you. Yes, Jimmy. Yes, Jimmy John Fitzgerald Kennedy. Sure, Jimmy. No. I'm good. You ever see Queen Elizabeth sleep? You're going to have to give me a little more than that, Jimmy. You're going to have to explain that one. Why do they call him Pooh-Bear? Yeah, that's what I mean. Where the hell does this guy live anyway? You know, Jimmy, you might as well put a sign on the back of this thing asking the cops to pull you over. Personal protection. It's a dangerous world we live in, Jimmy, a very dangerous world. Not tonight. Jimmy, where do you find these people? I'm getting a 10% finder's fee from my man if I can get the right price. Can you set that up? Can your man handle that? A quarter of a million, Jimmy. I know a buyer. Guy's looking for a quarter's worth. You remember that guy you told me about ... said he could handle a big hook-up? Don't get carried away. What? Business. I need to leave town and I find myself in dire need of some cash. I guess there's just no substitute for good genes. That's a good one. You're brain is in reverse mode ... cutting off your supply of dopamine. Here. Have a beer. Sorry. You on a roll? Nice dealer you got there, Jimmy. Well, Jimmy the Finn, let's go score some gack. You don't say. Why's that? I hadn't noticed. I've seen you around. What's your name? Lead the way. Where to? Midnight? What time is it? How the hell did we get this detail? You don't understand. What does that mean? You never did like me much, did you Verne? And you can't stand it that I walked out of there alive and Liz didn't. You think I'm a coward, don't you? Then why don't I see any pictures Of me up there? Yeah, dickhead. This is bullshit. You didn't say anything about anybody else being here. What the hell is this? Did it ever occur to you that someone might cop to something they didn't do rather than have their balls chewed off by a rabid weasel? What the hell was that? Who told you I was five-0? I ought to just call this whole thing off right now. CAN I PULL MY FUCKING DICK OUT?! I didn't fucking do anything! I swear to God! Okay! Okay! Please .. I don't know what you're ... What?! Pooh-Bear. come on, man. What is this? It's me, Danny. I thought we had a deal. Come on, guys ... I'm sorry? You want to do this some other time? Hey, I don't play that. Hey, I was just trying to ... Why do you say that? Pooh-Bear, I don't mean to be rude, but I get the feeling you aren't taking me seriously. So that's 40 lbs. at 6 a pound then? But I just met you. You're serious? Okay ... How about um .. 6,000 a ounce. I don't know, 14,000 a kilo? Can we talk price? Not bad. No, I'm good. The good stuff. Can you handle that? Yeah, I uh, have a buyer who's looking for about a quarter's worth. Um, I think the Warren Commission has been closed for a while. Answer the fucking question! Yeah. Okay. Listen carefully ... You're in the bathroom. You've been shot in the shoulder ... My name is Tom. Yeah. Jesus. Murder. Beautiful. That's real sweet, Garcetti. Thanks. Who is it? What? Is it bad? What's to stop him from just ripping me off then? Whata you mean? He told me - News-flash, Tanner. I'm a fucking rat. For that old possession charge? Gimme a break. Whata you mean I've got no choice? Look man, I just wanted to make some dough and disappear. I didn't want to wait around for Domingo to figure out who doubled back on him. Standard vig. Minus five for a certain blabber-mouth moron by the name of Jimmy the Finn, who's living proof that natural selection is a flawed theory. After that ass-whipping you gave me? Bubba. I met the guy at a party. He said he wanted to do a biggie. He's new in town so I offered my services. I can't help it, Tanner, you hit like a fucking girl. Someone want to tell me what the hell is going on here? I was trying to score some dope. What the hell are you doing here? When? If he finds out it's me, I'm a dead man. Tell me what? Tell that to Bobby ... and his wife and kid. You don't find that repugnant? Don't you wonder why I do it? Thanks for not judging me. Garcetti thinks I'm a pile of shit. You think I'm a Judas? Don't be. I'm worried about the kid. Somebody has to help you lazy bastards. Yeah. Pretty sure. Oh yeah ... he had a spear gun, too. It was all pretty informal. Didn't have a lot of time to exchange pleasantries. Never mind. Dude had a backfull of jailhouse tatts. Bobby, rhymes with hobby. Well, you know what they say, just because you're paranoid, doesn't mean everyone's not out to slice your balls off and shove 'em down your throat. If it's all the same to you, I'd rather not dish right here in the middle of Crankville. I've got a hot one. With you clowns watching my back? What do you think? You know, I'm starting to think I'd rather take my chances with Domingo than go through any more of this shit. I'm making the small buy tonight ... if I don't get beaten to death with a wheelchair or something. If everyone is happy, we'll do the big deal later in the week. Come on! Who is it? Domingo's boys? Speaking of which ... you run that license plate for me? What if he caps me before you can make a move? Funny, I don't feel lucky. Why doesn't Palmdale P.D. just raid the guy? Excuse me? Lay off, Garcetti. I'm not in the mood. Hell, yes! What the hell do you expect zapping Mr. Johnson with that crackler? That would be me. Oh they're all that and the proverbial bag of chips. Now that I can help you with. Nasty boy ... goes by the name of Pooh-Bear. He's a chef. Check with Palmdale P.D. I'm sure they're keeping box scores on the guy. He's the only one I told. Jimmy? I still don't know what you're talking about. Fuck you, Garcetti. I been at this for almost a year. I've done everything you guys have asked of me. What?! And what does this have to do with me? To who? Yeah. What about him? Garcetti, you're teeth, they're fucking perfect. Hey, you want me to do all your work for you, numbnuts? Dude is bugging. Transparent spiders, plastic men - the whole nine yards. That's him. He's a lot prettier in person though. It speaks!Nervous? Didn't you hear? Domingo's dead. When is the deal going down? Worse. Much worse. A teacher. You mean the menacing red car? We're coordinating with Palmdale P.D.. We'll have your sorry ass covered. You're lucky, Flynne. They have. But they never found a lab. Several possession charges, but nothing major. No. You've got me all wrong. I mean, in you own pussified way, you actually got some nuts in your little sack. Who'd have thought it? Danny "Chickenshit" Flynne trying to go large right under our noses. What'd you do, piss your pants? What's that smell? Sounds like you hooked up with some fine citizens, Flynne. What's on the other end of this thing? And he probably only told two people and they probably only told four people and on and one. You know better than to tell a secret to a tweaker, Flynne. Might just as well broadcast it on the evening news. Who the hell is Jimmy? We know what's going on. Anyone ever ask you to be such a disrespectful smart-ass all the time? And he's making a lot of noise about having his homies hang a Colombian necktie on whoever it was. He knows somebody ratted him. The Mexicali Boys Turns out he's connected. Danny, it's really pains me to have to tell you this, but do you remember DOMINGO, that wetback you helped us put away for trafficking a few months back? I'll tell you why you didn't help - because you're a chickenshit tweaking snitch. You're a bottom feader, Flynne. Then why didn't you help the kid when you were there? What's he holding? Cut to the fucking chase, Flynne. This the guy? Maybe he isn't showing. Just make sure you hit the floor when we come in. It could get ugly in there. Good work, Flynne. You're a first-rate rat. She's 57 and she's been teaching third grade for the last 33 years. Don't we always take good care of you? That's not good in prison. It's just not good. You thinking what I'm thinking?Fuck man. Come on, Bobby. Come on. Ease off the girl. Um, coupla' eight balls oughta do us. Yeah. What? Bobby? Wouldn't be a favor if you were paying me. I'll just take my five when the deal is done. Nah... I want to keep it. Maybe I can use it for like, inspiration ...you know...like when I detox? I don't know... a little. I wish you would have let me in on it from the beginning. Wait If you don't trust me, why did you tell me that stuff about not using drugs? And you want me to do you some big favor? You don't trust me? But... why? Why would you pretend? No one ever noticed? This isn't like that Queen Elizabeth question, is it? But...I've seen you. What? It's you! I didn't have a picture or nothin' so I had to describe you to the guy. Not bad though, huh? Hey, check it out... You're my best friend, man. I'd do anything for you. It don't matter. I'll do it. And you sure as hell don't have to pay me. Okay But why? You only owe me five. And that's not till after we close the deal tonight. What's this? Thanks for not laughing at me. Danny? Was he the president? What does J.F.K. stand for? Can I ask you something? You want a hit? No You think she's a tweaker? He doesn't have one. I think on account of his nose. Palmdale You mean, like to throw 'em off? Hey, why do you need a gun and a vest anyway? You wanna score some go-fast? The Del Ammo Mall mostly. 10%. That's ... Sure. I think so. I mean, we'd have to talk to him. Fuuuuuck A quarter? Danny that ain't even worth ... Yeah, Pooh-Bear. Dude is a big-time cook. I'm talking dire. I find myself in dire need of some cash. You. You're smooth. You use words like dire and shit. You got language skills, man. See that? That's just what I'm talking about. So, why'd you want to see me? I'm serious, dude. You always seem to be on top of things, even when you're tweakin'. Why does it have to feel so bad? Was. I'm on the fucking ghost train right now, man. You got anything for me? I'm hurting. Oh ... that. Ah, he was just juiced. He wouldn't have did nothin' Finland is a country. My features. They're Finnish. Jimmy. Everyone calls me Jimmy the Finn. Nice day I know a guy. Twelve Guess it's our turn. I thought you were done. I just want to be straight on the details. Can I taste it? What is that? Rum and coke? What is it, drugs?Jesus Jimmy, you at the alpha team. No, you can't taste it. It's the fucking lab! Now shut up. Don't worry about it. Better than drugs. Danny, listen up. Here's the deal ... my wife's pimp knows a guy who works at Cedars Sinai medical lab. They're getting a very special delivery a week from this Friday.Cool it. We got business. What the fuck are you gonna do about it, dickhead? Just some buddies. I'll keep that in mind. No one. It was just a test. I need to be sure of who I'm dealing with from time-to-time. Don't do that. Please. Or I'll kill you. Please, Danny. Yeah. Now get talkin' Shoot him. Uh-uh-uh ... Don't address me. I didn't make the accusation. Captain Steubing thinks you might work for the police. Big Bill Big Bill. Pull your motherfucking pants down. Pull your pants down. I want to tell you about the last guy who tried to jam me up on a deal. I welcome you here with open arms and you got the nerve to low-ball me like some slick used car salesman. Maybe you're the one who isn't taking me seriously. If you say so. But you're a friend of Jimmy's. I think of you as a brother already. Anything for a dear friend. Hey, okay. I deal in U.S. pounds, friend. None of that faggot metric crap for me. Make me an offer. Secret recipe. I insist. It's delicious. Just a taste. I'm sorry. Would you like a taste? Crank or glass? No shit? Fuck it. I'll send it to Oliver Stone then. He'll get them to reopen the bastard. I'm gonna get this developed and send it to the Warren Commission.Please ... don't do this ... Whatever you say, man. Look ... can we talk about this? Danny? I thought you'd be happy. Took a pig-slicker to the heart. Pumped fifty-seven bullets into a police informant. We got the 411 on your good old boy. I'm afraid so, Danny. That's probably what he would have done if we hadn't found out about your get-rich-quick scheme. Guy scores dope and dollar from ripping off other drug dealers. As least that's what the word is. That's because he doesn't have one. You think you're so god damned smart, don't you? Bullshit. He's a liar. No. You just handed us a new one. We can go Federal on your ass right now: ongoing criminal conspiracy. Intent to buy and distribute $250,000 worth of crank. What's the mandatory on that, Al? Well, if you'd rather do a stretch in la casa grande ... You've got no choice. Did you really think you were slick enough to pull this off? What're your taking down? You better not be blowing smoke up My ass, Flynne. This chink have a name? You think this is funny motherfucker? Okay, asshole, you wanna play, we'll play. Cut the shit, Flynne. Question is, what are you doing here? Soon. I promise. We'll get the charges dropped and you can disappear. In the mean time, trust me, he has no idea that you ratted him out. Look, we'll talk to the A.D.A. Danny, he isn't gonna find out it's you. Domingo was a slinger, he must have sold to hundreds of different people. I was getting to it. Bobby laid his own tracks. He could have gone quietly but he played the hard-ass con till the end. And as far as I'm concerned, he wife and kid are a hell of a lot better off without him. Now take the money. Just the way the world works. Look, as far as tweakers go, you aren't a bad guy. You never hurt anyone but yourself as far as I know. The money? The drugs? Keeping yourself out of jail? I know the drill. It's not my place. Garcetti thinks everything is shit. He doesn't even like dolphins. Hard to compare the people you're taking down with the Lord. Danny, I'm touched. God damn, Flynne, you are one observant tweaker. No last name? What? You got a name? Feeling the paranoia tonight, are we? You go, boy. Where's Bubba? Yeah, I'd hate to shoot you by accident. We're in business. Now that's scary! Golly, I hadn't thought of that. And believe me, word will get out that you're a pro rat. Yeah. This could be the one we're looking for.What? Hey, you did the right thing. You wouldn't have stood a chance against these boys by yourself. They have eaten your ass alive. How you holding up? That's when he called me. He told me his story and he pitched me a plan.Understand what? You might as well be spitting on her grave every time you put drugs up your nose. Or did you just conveniently forget that it was drug dealers who killed my daughter? By not disgracing her memory! That was my idea.Don't forget, Mr. Wladek, they hang them for helping Jews. A beauty. Who is she? Someone you know? Why are you here, Mr. Wladek? I'm sorry, Mr Wladek, he wants you to stop.American Jews, and there's lots of them, what have they done for us? What do they think they're doing? People here are dying, haven't got a bite to eat. The Jewish bankers over there should be persuading America to declare war on Germany! To tell you the truth, I thought it would be worse. Doesn't it say we have to provide these armbands ourselves? Where will we get them? Will I still be able to play? What did I tell you?Who told you? Then there's nothing I can do. He should've joined us when I gave him the chance.. It costs. Oh, you need me now, yes, now you need me! Tough luck. I haven't seen him. I'm doing you people a favour. And what about you, Wladek? You're a great pianist. And we've got an excellent police jazz band. They'd welcome you with open arms. Join us. You've got no work... Yes, I'm looking at you and that's why I'm here. Your whole family can have a better life. You want to go on struggling for survival, selling books on the street? Someone's got to do it, Henryk. Don't be clever with me, Henryk. I've come here as a friend. They're bringing Jews in from all over the country. Soon there'll be half a million people in the ghetto. We need more Jewish police... We're recruiting.Yes, please. But why me? I thought you only recruited boys with rich fathers. Look at my father, look at us, I mean... Oh? More Jewish police? You mean you want me to wear a cap like yours, beat up Jews with my truncheon and catch the Gestapo spirit. I see! Who's recruiting? Your work, yes, playing the piano for all the parasites in the ghetto, they don't give a damn about people's sufferings, they don't even notice what's going on around them! What's the matter with you all? Have you lost your sense of humour? Okay, then I'll tell you something funny. You know who I mean by Dr. Raszeja. What's this about? The Germans go into Jewish homes and they just take what they want, furniture, valuables, anything. And suppose they take the table away? Yes, that's why I brought it. 'If you prick us, do we not bleed? If you tickle us, do we not laugh? If you poison us, do we not die? And if you wrong us, shall we not revenge?' You'll be deported. You have to have an employment certificate to work for one of the German firms in the ghetto, otherwise... Hungry. That's also my business. It's nothing to do with you. It's me they wanted, not you. Why do you interfere in other people's business? I can look after myself! What did you pay him? Did you beg, did you grovel to that piece of shit, that cockroach? You go to Heller, did I ask you to talk to him? Well, you know what's funny? You're funny with that ridiculous tie. You don't know, believe me. They bribe the guards. The guards turn a blind eye. They're bringing in cartloads, food, tobacco, liquor, French cosmetics, and the poor are dying all around them and they don't give a damn. Three lousy zlotys. And there are people here making millions. Just one. Dostoevsky. The Idiot. Three zlotys. No. Three hundred and sixty thousand, so it'll be easy. A good place for what? He's insane! We leave the money and the watch on the table. And we cover it like this. In full view. The Germans will search high and low, I promise you, they'll never notice it. You know what we do? We use psychology. No, no. Listen, I've been thinking -- Mama, that was a great dinner. Warsaw's not the only radio station.Please, don't insult us. Can you do something for him? I'm not, but Majorek is. Why didn't you come to me? Rumours, rumours, you take it all too much to heart, Wladek. I have to say you look terrible. What's the trouble? I thought you'd be off on tour, playing London, Paris, New York? Five hundred. You know how many people on average read one copy? Twenty. That makes ten thousand readers. These will start the uprising. Majorek hides them in his underpants. And leaves them in toilets. There are always notices going up. You're too well known, Wladek. And you know what? You musicians don't make good conspirators. You're too...too musical. You're an artist, Wladek, you keep people's spirits up. You do enough. Bad news, you crazy? You have no world view, Wladek, that's your trouble. The news couldn't be better. The moment Hitler invaded Russia, I knew we'd be all right. Remember Napoleon. Same business. The Germans will freeze to death, please God. The Germans are advancing on Kharkhov. No, I'm a socialist. I have brothers everywhere. They bring me news and food. We care about our fellow human beings. Workers of the world unite. Ah, here. Today's news from the other side....not even music, nothing, no radios for the Poles. But I'm sure you'll find work, Wladek, a pianist like you. Fine, we're fine in the circumstances. But I can guess what you've called about. There's nothing we can do; they won't reopen the station-- Wladek! How are you?Liar, you fell asleep. Pig! If I play like an angel, why don't you listen? Takes one to know one! Pig! Dirty pig! Pig! Pig! You know what? You treat me like dirt! Puppydog, what d'you mean, you forgot?Dorota, don't be ridiculous, he's a pediatrician. You can't, it's too dangerous. Oh, yes. I remember.I was listening, Kitten. You're a dirty pig! Bitch! Cow! I treat you like dirt because you are dirt. What d'you think I mean, Kitten? I forgot, that's what I mean.You don't want to worry about that. My grandfather was jilted by his girl friend when he got jaundice. In my opinion, jaundice is not very serious. Drink up. Doesn't matter. You've nothing to worry about. I'll visit often. Warsaw Radio. I was a technician. I saw you almost every day. You don't remember me, Mr. Szpilman?A singer. Her husband's an actor. I knew them well. Good people. I'd like to talk to her. Yes. It's like this... I...we...all of them. Who wants me to stop? When's your baby due? And how's Yurek? How long have you been married? I've been in hiding. I need somewhere to stay. I need help. I'm sorry - I was given this address. I'm looking for a Mr-- -- a Mr Dzikiewicz. Dorota. I'll see you...soon. Don't worry, it won't last long. How are you doing? Dorota! Wladek, please. Wladek, please. Yes! It was...it was unforgettable. You know something? Meeting you like that was absolutely wonderful. It's nothing. Who are you? Hello. For what? For my tie? How will we sleep? Let me see this. Let's find out. What are you doing? Where do you want me to go? Look at me. No, no, I'm not leaving. Can't I take my chances here? What's happened? What's happened? Yes, but sometimes I'm still not sure which side of the wall I'm on. I'll be fine. wish I knew you better. Funny time to say this. Halina? Calm down, what, what is it? What's happened? What, I'm working, what? People I know. They said you're an important man. Yitzchak, they told me you had influence. I've no money. Can you help us? Can you help? Believe me, they've picked him up. Henryk's in there. Very appropriate. What are you reading? Otherwise what? What's that mean, no employment certificate? What's the matter? Are you sick? You're mad, that's your trouble, you're mad. They were taking you away. Pay him? With what? With what could I pay him? Every zloty I earn we spend on food! I didn't grovel, I asked him to help. You're out, aren't you? What are you talking about, my tie? What's my tie got to do with anything? I need the tie for my work. It's not funny. I know. That's better than yesterday. You sell anything? But...they won't get all of us... we'll...it's too small...there's four hundred thousand of us in Warsaw! Just shut up. Of course they'll notice it. But look-- This is a good place for something. We use what? That makes a change. It certainly was. They bombed us, we're off the air. Yes, but what good did it do? Yes, so did the Germans. should never have come out. I should've stayed there, fought with them. Can you help? I've no money... I didn't know you were in the certificate business. I've been trying to get a certificate of employment for my father. I've managed to get certificates for me and the rest of the family but I need one more for my father. I've been trying all the firms, the shops... You've heard the rumours they're going to resettle us in the East? Not this week. Toilets? There are notices going up. The city's to be cleansed of undesirables. But I want to help, I want to. Jehuda, give me something to do. I don't know why I come here every evening, it's always such bad news. So, what's the news? You're amazing, Jehuda. Maybe, maybe not, but, Jurek, don't be offended, I didn't call to discuss my future career. Yes, I know, but Jurek, Jurek... Fine, we're fine, thank you, and you? Jurek? Wladek Szpilman. You made contact? I know. But last summer, I worked for a day in Zelazna Brama Square. I saw someone I knew. A singer. Her husband's an actor. They're old friends. I've written their names down. And their address. If they're still there. Janina Godlewska and Andrzej Bogucki. Good people. Majorek, you go into the town every day. Would you try and make contact? Ask them if they'd help me get out of here? Have a favour to ask. I want to get out of here. If you need help... How long have you been here? I'm sorry, I did my best, I thought the certificates would save us all. No, no, no, I'm staying put. If I'm going to die, I prefer to die at home. I'm not going anywhere. And what do you think you'll do while you're setting up a new line of defence? Wander round lugging your suitcases? Out of Warsaw. Where? Where are we going? It's a little cut, nothing. Why didn't you come sooner? It's been over two weeks. Sorry, I don't remember. No, I don't think so? Szpilman. I'll play the piano again. On Polish radio. What about you? I don't know how to thank you. Are the Russians here? What's happening? What's all that gunfire? In the attic. I am... I was a pianist. I was... I was trying to open this tin.Szpilman. Good name for a pianist. Tell me your name. I'll listen out for you. I've got another one. Warmer. What will you do when it's all over? Don't thank me. Thank God. It's His will that we should survive. Well. That's what we have to believe. Not yet. We're getting out. The Russians. On the other side of the river. All you have to do is hang on for a few more weeks. Show me. Where are you hiding? A pianist. What's your work? Where do you live? What the hell are you doing?All for show. Just a psychological mind game to get you to do the right thing. On come on, X. Did you really think we were that barbaric? You know what they say, the only way to change the system is from the inside. Cut the crap, X, I saw you down there. You're a hero. Don't be afraid to join the good guys. You've kept up your end of the bargain, I'll do the same. But you really should consider staying on, you make a decent agent. Thought you bought the farm down there, X. Glad as hell to see you. Somebody else makes those decisions, not guys like you and me. You've done your job, X, head back to Prague. I'll be landing in 90 minutes. This is my operation now. Yeah, that's right. So now that you know, you understand why it's important that we get it back. Silent Night is the name of a top secret binary nerve agent. The glass canister is shot into the air and detonated. The black and white chemicals mix, forming a toxic cloud. When it settles down to Earth, it'll kill everything in the vicinity. Yes it does. I'm on the way with a team to relieve you. What's the latest? You're a grungy little phoenix, you know that? Keep up the good work. I'm gonna be en route with a team shortly to relieve you. Just keep the pressure on until the cavalry arrives. And X? You done yourself proud helping those people today. This is good work, X, damn fine work. You need to press on at all costs, find out what they have planned with this "Ahab". You did say "Ahab"? You're sure about that? My friend, if you're planning on crossing me... That information is classified. You're there to gather information on their operations, period. We're not after car thieves here. One point two million dollars? I did not authorize you to spend one point two million dollars! If you're trying to push my buttons, you're on the right track. Don't make me question my own judgment, X. Just remember, I'll be watching. Crude and defiant as always, Triple X. It fits so well because you're obscene. I expect you to call in regularly with progress reports. Wherever you go on the planet, I'll find you. There's no quitting. If you try to take it off, a ring of needles will inject enough curare into your bloodstream to kill you before you hit the ground. Is all that clear? What's with that "X" on the back of your head? Does that mean you're "extreme"? I've got some news for you, Mr. X, you're a three time loser. So maybe you should tattoo another couple of X's on your head. If you find out what I want to know, and if I'm able to successfully use that information, you get to go back to your degenerate little life. If not, you take a bath. There's some folks I want to keep tabs on. Dirty, tattooed, uncivilized. Your kind of people. That's too bad. I thought a guy like you would appreciate the challenge. You're an adrenaline junkie with one foot in the penitentiary. You risk your ass building a daredevil myth that means nothing and you're not getting any younger. You're perceptive too. I forgot to add that to the list of surprises. I'm with the National Security Agency. And unlikely as it may sound, I need your help. You've really got me confused, Cage. On the one hand you showed leadership, courage under fire, a willingness to protect men you hardly knew... and on the other you have an arrest record that pegs you as near sociopathic. Help me out here. I'm not following your evolution. Good thing you were there to save the day. Come walk with me. Congratulations, you've just graduated at the head of your class. You know what I hate? It's always the assholes that pass the tests. Sure as gravity. I've had a feeling about you from the start, Cage. It's nausea. You've got this wrong. You're not under arrest, you've been abducted. And until I say different, you belong to me. Oh I don't know, I think the tests work pretty well. Sometimes they give me answers you wouldn't admit to in a million years. Why is that? Alright, Cage, you've got me. This is one of those moments. "Many are called, few are chosen", that kind of thing. Your government needs you. Are you up for the challenge? It's your lucky day. You just might get the chance to pay back our wonderful country for all the freedom you enjoy. Whether you thought this was for real or not, you jumped in and helped the waitress on instinct. That tells me something about your character. Most guys we ran through this either took off or helped them rob the place. I expected you to do the same. Looks like a diner. The name's Gibbons. You were saying? So the odds are up to fifty-fifty? I can deal with that. He's gotten closer in 24 hours than all of the other operatives combined. He got us an account number to boot. Now even if he's just dumb and lucky, I say we back his play. I put him out there, Sam. If he doesn't come up with the money, they'll kill him. I can't let that happen. If it means getting Silent Night back, absolutely. I think we should send him whatever he wants. That's exactly why we need them. But programmable. And expendable. The usual prospects. Convicts, contract killers, murde... You wanna find out about rats, ask a rat. I've had my people put together a talent pool. I downloaded it to your desktop. I'll go in with a team. But first I'm going to need some intel. I'll have to put someone inside, someone new, someone they won't see coming. One of their own. We're gonna have to step in, Sam. Those CIA boys couldn't find a clown in a field of cactus. Let me take care of it. They're ruthless and they have a lot of firepower. It's only a matter of time before they figure out how to deploy Silent Night. Then we're gonna have a catastrophe on our hands. Not a whole helluva lot. His final transmission was mangled. About something or someone called "Ahab". Whatever it is, it cost him his life.Now you're gonna make me enjoy this, funny guy. Now I'm gonna take the whole foot off. Whatchu think of that? You saving me? You talking pretty tough for a guy got himself chained to the ceiling. We seen this kind of parachutes before, you know. U.S. Army. You got some friends here, jump out with you guys? That's some accident, hombre. You accidentally fall out of a plane in the middle of the night and land up in my back yard. Whatchu doing here?He gets to be the hero. Oh. I bet by the end he gets something out of it. What do you get if you finish? What weapons do you have? "Anarchy" 99"? This guy's kinda dorky lookin'. Naturally. Do they have any special powers? The bosses always have special powers. What game is that?Alright, do what you want. But keep the screws on him. He's a wild card. That could be either good or bad. Why not? You were going to throw him in a tub full of acid, weren't you? You're talking about a very expensive risk here. You what? A wire transfer of this size? Ridiculous. Cut him off. I'm sorry Gibbons, you pulled up a shark this time. They're degenerates. There's not a man in there that would give a damn if the Chinese took over. I've seen enough. Turn it off. The scum of the Earth. So you'll dredge the bottom again. You've done that before. The results were... uneven. How will you fix it? Silent Night in the hands of a bunch of impertinent cowboys He was the best there was. That makes three agents lost. What do you have?You're wrong about that. I'm heading out that door right now. You can't just propose to me out of nowhere. You think that's going to solve our problems? I'm sorry, X. It was a kick for a while, but it's over. You're just not going anywhere. This is so typical. I can't believe you. I've barely seen you for the last three weeks and now this? Are you out of your mind? You're serious? What...? It's not about the money, X! You never plan for anything. I can't live like that anymore, I need some stability. French Polynesia? This wouldn't last us a week in a cheap hotel. Do you know how expensive it is down there? You have all this talent, and you waste it. You won't take a single endorsement deal. Meanwhile those other guys have their own video games! But no, you've got too much "integrity" for that. You run around with maniacs jumping motorcycles in the desert, you break 36 bones crashing wave runners and snowboarding off cliffs, all with no health insurance... It's insane, I can't take it anymore. I'm through, Xander.They came and found me. They said they'd kill me unless I help them. Plus they offer me a lot of money. No big deal. These things happen. Dump your gun on the floor. Oh come on, don't feel bad. You got played, so what? You're new at this. Did you think you could just stroll into this business one day and have all the angles figured out? Sorry, "dude". Is this what you're looking for? You killed me, remember? Now I have to hide out here with you. Where have you been? I'll leave you two alone to talk. The corner. Anarchy 99. You're here because your government is putting pressure on my government. This is an internal affair, a Czech affair, that you are interfering with. I will warn you once: Don't shit in my lawn. Get whatever information your government seeks and get our. My name is Slovo, Czech secret police. When you are here you are under my jurisdiction, you take my orders, you do what I say. If you become any kind of an inconvenience, I'll shoot you. Sit down.You're a jerk-off, you know that? No needles, huh? What about the acid bath? Oh yeah? Why don't we start by taking this thing off my ankle? The poison needles? Who says you're the good guys? But I hate cops, remember? Except for her. I'm pretty happy to see me too. So are you done with me yet? We don't have that kinda time, boss, I don't think Prague's gonna be around much longer. I've gotta go now. I've got a lot of bad guys to kill. Kinda funny, though, isn't it? We're not supposed to be making weapons like that anyway. Guess we shoulda played by the rules. Jesus Christ, Gibbons, this is something we came up with? Come on, Gibbons, you can do better then that. They retrofitted Ahab with some kind of rocket launcher. They were loading canisters of liquid into it, light colored and dark colored in the same tube but separate. Something tells me this it that "classified" stuff you didn't want me to know about. Does the song "Silent Night" mean anything to you? Snow covered fortress. Army of bad guys. The usual. You ain't seen nothing yet. Thanks. Hey, one miracle at a time. They're on to me now, remember? Yeah, I sent you pictures. Here's what I'm thinking. If they take out the cameras and sensors, they could probably put a bomb in this thing. You drop it in the water in the Red Sea and three weeks later it's swimming up the Potomac. I know, poison needles in my shins. You've got 36 hours. Peace, out. Call me crazy, but I thought hooking up a million dollar deal was a great way to get on their good side. What else? You gonna hassle me about the weapons and spy stuff too? What the hell am I after? You're telling me dick. I'm already on a first name basis with these dudes, I got a deal set up, you want me to hammer it or not? Buddy, you sent me here to get close to their organization, that costs money. I guess you got my E-mail. I set up a purchase. Ten cars. Is that all? Up yours. Fine, but I'm not gonna be no Bulldog Omega 5. Yeah, I spy or I die. How about a pedicure as long as you're down there. What's this? Lo-Jack? Not bad for a gimp. You're one sick bastard. A sadist with a badge looking to rope me in to a suicide mission. I think no matter which way I go I'm likely to wind up face down on a sheet of plastic. So here's my answer: kiss my ass, Hop-along. What do I get out of it? Now I'm the one who's nauseous. So what's the deal? What do you need me for? I plan on getting a lot older. And playing spy games sounds like a quick way to get yourself dead. I'm not interested. I've already got a job. You want the cheap backstory? The runaway mom, the suicide dad and the foster homes? Gimme a break. You're not interested in my past, you're interested in my future as some kind of spy. You're a cold piece of work. You almost got three people killed out there. You know what I hate? Any scumbag with a clean shirt and a bad haircut can get one of those tin stars and suddenly they think they're God. Is that a fact? Are we done now? You've got nothing on me. So if you ain't booking me, I'm walking. Look at me, dude, do I look like a fan of law enforcement? Forget the tests, you shoulda just asked me. I woulda saved you a lot of trouble. ..If you're trolling around for narcs, man, have you got the wrong guy. A Fed, I shoulda known. Who else would have this kind of budget? Now you're gonna hit me with the sales pitch. Good for you. Now why don't you stop wasting my time and tell me what you want. You didn't go through all this for my benefit. That shows me already that you don't have a clue. What's it to you, anyway? Diner, huh? Let me tell you what the problem is. I wake up drugged to find what? You've got a "salesman" over here reading a three week old newspaper. He's pulling a 211 with a "trucker", who happens to be packing a cop issue H&K 9mm. I get tipped that something is going down when she passes me a note. How's that for twisted logic? How did she know there was trouble unless they pulled the guns before I "walked" in? And if that's true, why'd they stop and wait until I woke up to gaffle the money? Then I notice how beefy they both are. Hell, even the waitress is cut. All three of them look like they went through the same training program. Ergo they ain't strangers and this isn't what it seems. That's how I knew yo-yo wouldn't get a round off even if I gave him all day. Why? What is this place? Who the hell are you? Alright. You wanna eat through a tube, be my guest. We're on to the game, ese. You got the fake blood splattered all over the walls, you got your torture tools... It's all very cute. But come on, let's quit while you're ahead. I'm only trying to save you a beatin'. We're anti-social. We don't have any friends. Oh, I don't know. It was an accident. Like what? Nothing, really. My guy is just doing it to stay alive. Just about anything I want, it looks like. This is gonna be tough, though. There's no way to save this game. I gotta get it right the first time through. What are you gonna do? They're Euro- trash. Yorgi masterminded the take-over of three Red Mafiya clans. Cops called it "blood week". He combined all of their global enterprises into one huge crime syndicate: Anarchy 99. Kirill, the sniper. Looks like a bookworm, but he had 72 confirmed kills in Chechnya, they called him the "Finger of God". Assassination and weapons. Next we got a Siberian redneck, Viktor. Into snowmobiles and snowboarding. So naturally, he covers prostitution and the drug trade. You wanna check it out? Come here. Slick graphics, huh? See these dudes? They're called "Anarchy 99", they're the bad guy bosses. It's about your next mission. You need to be debriefed. You can't welch on me now. We had a deal. Use your grenades! Maybe we can blow it up underwater! It has to surface to release the nerve agent, right? A manual control on a moving torpedo. This day keeps getting better and better. You can't talk to it? I'm sick of that guy. Let's stop playing nice. You okay? Toadies right behind. Where'd the damn truck go?! Where's he headed? Let's do this. Did you do your homework? Let me guess, they had a big white torpedo with them. He's a regular humanitarian. And all this time I thought he was just a tool. When this is over, we're just gonna take off, the two of us. Take a vacation. Aren't they gonna wonder were you've been? You don't have to do that. A long time ago I learned how to put fear away in a little place in my head. Maybe that's my problem. If you don't feel fear you can do some amazing things, but you can also screw your life up in ways you can't imagine. We'll have to go after them. We can't leave now. We have to do something. Petra, this ain't about the people that sent us here, you know that. Of course it matters. Hey, hold on! Wait a minute, whoa. We can't go now. What's Yorgi got planned with that nerve agent? Where are we going? What are you doing with the Ivans? I don't know what's going on anymore. I thought I was square with that dude. Now everybody's switching sides like it's the WWF. What the hell are you doing? You could've killed me! When can I see you again? Get your head back in the game. There are lives at stake here. I'm busted up for you, but Jesus, what the hell are you doing? Those people almost drowned on that boat and you didn't lift a finger. You're what? What the hell have you been doing? What's that? We've got to find out what it is. Can you handle that? So what's the plan with this Ahab? Are they selling it or what? They'll kill you, you know they will. Besides, there is no back door. Keep smiling. Ready? Now. Not an option. Just get up slowly like everything's cool. Petra, trust me. You just hung yourself out to dry for me, I'm not gonna let you down. If I go out the back, he'll know you've warned me. It's a long story, but yeah, more or less. What are you talking about? So there you have it. I guess you just have to ask yourself, how bad to you want out? We could work together. Then maybe we could both get the hell out of here. There's a beach in Bora Bora with my name on it. The people I know want facts, the kinds of things an insider would know. They're interested in putting Anarchy 99 out of business. I know where he's coming from. The only thing I really don't get is why he dumped you. Up until I found that out, I thought his judgment was pretty sound. Don't judge a comic book by it's cover. Let's just say I'm freelancing and leave it at that. I'm from L.A. I'm an information gatherer. You wanna go somewhere and talk about it? Look at you. You're helping run things now. You're a gangster. I bet that snuck up on you. You woke up one day and you were a criminal. The eyes don't lie. All this has gotten to you, hasn't it, Petra? You came in as Yorgi's girlfriend and you stayed because it was fun. Now you don't like it so much, but you're in so deep you can't get out anymore. Tell me if I'm wrong, Petra. That makes two of us then, sweetheart, because I ain't buying your bullshit either. You're not like them, I can see it in your eyes. So you tell me, who's bullshitting who? Hey, you're good. You've got to relax, baby, you're paranoid. Hey, take it easy. I'm just a dude trying to make a buck. We hung out last night, remember? That right? Why's that? Come on, don't front like that. You'll put a guy right off you. I was invited. What's your story? Where are you going? Did you guys used to date? That's it, right? He broke your heart and you're still soft on him. That's funny, it don't seem to fit with a tough broad like you. It's gonna be like that, huh? You got all bent out of shape as soon as he started dancing with someone else. Why's that? You do everything Yorgi says? If you got a problem with me, why are we dancing? Sure. Just chisel some off your heart. Is she for real? Honey, maybe you should quiet down and let the grownups have a conversation. I have Japanese buyers who are looking to move a fleet, if you have the quality of merchandise they're after. And it's a mil two, max. I thought that was in detail. You're joking, right? From the Beastie Boys collection? I think I'll hang on to these. That one I'm real familiar with. They come in any other styles or colors? Why don't you show me some gear before you get hurt. I stole your beat, huh? Guess you forgot to brown-nose the right people. That's would be me. You're not exactly "going anywhere" yourself. I don't know. I thought this is what you wanted. You want stability, here it is. Of course I'm serious. I bought it, didn't I? I was gonna wait till the islands, but... Well if you're bailing, I guess I'd better give you your surprise now. Alright, so I'll get more. I don't wanna go mersh, you know that. But hey, if this is about money... I'm having fun, what's the problem? I can see that. Why? Hey, you don't need all this just to go on vacation. Unless this ain't for going on vacation... Why you dogging me up? What's the deal? I found something big enough for us to take these guys down with. They've got a of nerve agent they're gonna unleash. Dude, what are you doing here? Yeah, thanks a lot. Nice hops. First of all, you should kill whoever sold you that suit. Two, I don't wanna be here either, so just step off. Three, if you had the authority to shoot me you would've done it by now, so just ease up on the machismo, bitch. Now that we've got that sorted out, I'm gonna get some rest. Here we go again. I've been on a plane for twelve hours, I think I'll stand. Looks like we're in the middle of the drug war. Help me with this guy. Who's writing this dude's dialogue? A parachute. This does not argue well. Been to any good diners lately? Oh just shoot us already. I'm sorry I asked. And here I thought "anarchy" was just something cool to put on a Tshirt. Including rape, pillage, murder. So all by yourself, you're going to destroy every government; in the world. What's the gimmick, Yorgi? That's the part I don't get. You gonna hold the world hostage with your gas bombs? I didn't think you were dumb enough to go with that hack cliche. I wanted to get the hell out of Prague before Silent Night falls. Don't forget goatee boy. I greased him up on the diamond run. That's alright, I'm kinda tired. My old man, he bought into the system, and it screwed him. So he swallowed a bullet. Me, I don't believe in nothing I can't see and touch. Hell no. My dad was a straight up tin soldier. Somehow he pissed this general off and got himself dishonorably discharged. Had a court martial and everything. The charges were total bullshit, so he was sure he'd get his name cleared, but it didn't happen. I've been here before, when I was a kid. My old man was in the service, we used to live on the Army base in Hamburg. You got a great set-up here Yorgi. You really know how to live. How you gonna do that with government and rules everywhere? "...try walking into a deli and urinating on the cheese". 'Anarchy Burger' by the Vandals. Screw the world. If I'm gonna die for something, it better be bitches and money. You wanna see my politics? What's "Anarchy 99"? Had to do what I had to do. Bullshit! You get your boy off that roof or I swear to God I'm gonna give you another hole to breathe out of. You tell me! You got a sniper up there or what? What's this? I had to inspect the merchandise first. Very nice. I'm impressed. It'll work faster if I have an account number. Ferrari's, Lamborghini's... high end pasta rockets. Ten to start. When else are you gonna do it? I'm talking about the sports cars that disappear off the docks in Genoa and wind up here. If you don't know about 'em, who does? Thanks, but I'm here on business. I heard you're the G around here. I'm looking for some cars, expensive ones. A lot of them. He flashed his badge to half the bar when he bought his drink. Who you workin' for? What do you do for a living, dickhead? That's the guy.Nice place to start, don't you think? Viktor! Stay the course. You've been so quiet lately, Petra, I thought you no longer cared. What was that for? It all happened so fast. Such an unfortunate accident. Perhaps he is not all he says he is. You both could have been a part of it. You could have ridden with us into a new day, the dawning of a new age of -- Come on, Xander. You used to stand for something. What happened to you, man? I thought you'd get it. Sure, if that's what you want. Why not? It's all human nature. So we just have to launch our baby and wait for the decline and fall of civilization as we know it. Easier than that, buddy. I'll get them to destroy each other. You kill an entire Peace conference, someone is going to have to pay. Then our friend Ahab continues down the river to the ocean and begins his world tour. London, Cairo, Beijing... Pretty soon everyone's involved. These guys bomb those guys, those guys invade these guys. Soon the whole world is like your wild West cowboy days. No rules, no law, everybody free to do what they want. You think I'm after money? I told you, my friend. Anarchy. Time for a change. Money is good, but for true freedom you have to get rid of the rules themselves. Not bad, man, not bad. You put things together quick. Prague it is. And you. Why do you have such a problem staying away, my friend? Did you miss us that much? That was for Anders. You want to insult me? This is my hospitality. Pick one. I've got meetings this afternoon, I've got to get some sleep. Just pick a girl. Connections and politics, it's the same everywhere. You, an Army brat? I don't see that one at all. Did you join the service as well? It's a beautiful town, Prague. It's been good to me. Easy. You get enough money that you grow an ass big enough for the whole world to kiss. You got it, man. It's stupid but it's true. True freedom is when you do whatever you want anytime you want. That's when you know you're living, man. To us it means no walls, no speed limits, no jails. It's everybody does what he wants. People think democracy is freedom but they don't have a clue. There's an old punk song. It says: "America stands for freedom, but if you think you're free..." That's what I'm talking about, man! That's why Anarchy 99 was born. It's all this craziness! It's what we've been living since 99, when we left the Army. One of our brothers died in Grozny and we said the hell with this shit. What for? He dies for what? Politics? Who's politics? Not ours. Total chaos, man! Welcome to Anarchy 99! I don't believe it! You can't shoot a cop in the middle of the street! He's not with us, Xander. He must be with you. What's going on, my friend? This is a gift. From me to you. Of course. I'm somewhat less so. We seem to have a bit of a problem... Don't look at me, X, she handles all the details. We seen all your shit! So you want cars? We get whatever cars you need. What are you looking for? I remember that one where you jump the motorcycle over the freeway at rush hour. Sorry, man, don't know what you're talking about. I appreciate you bringing this to our attention. Whatever you want, the rest of the night, consider it on the house. Cops. Like a plague. No matter how many you pay there's always another with his hand out. How did you pick him out? This pizda? Never seen him before.