Who? Hurricane kept you up, too? You know the law -- no liquor before noon. Could lose my license. It's ten thirty in the morning. Don't like 'em, don't eat 'em, don't make no damn difference to me.You too? Shut up. West's dead. Holy fuck... Holy fuck, what the fuck did you guys do? What do you mean, alone? We finished the course and came here, then heard an explosion -- Where's Pike? Washout rejects, guys he said were "dumbfucks too stupid to know they dead"... You won't find them. Won't find West, either. He's too good. I guess Nunez wasn't dead after all. He came after us with a vengeance. You know the rest. Hunting -- we had to hunt him -- He -- He made me do it -- Jesus! Oh, you don't? What else do you have on me? You haven't found any bodies yet, have you? You wanna bet? Mr. Hardy, I joined the army for college money. I didn't ask for any of this -- I tried to do the right thing out there and people got killed. You say finding those bodies'll help me, then go find them. I don't want to die. But not Pike's. They would have killed us both. You want me to write a confession, I'll write a confession. Yeah -- Of course -- I apologize -- I didn't shoot West -- Did Kendall tell you about the PX? I'm serious -- He's lying. That son of a bitch. This is one of those interrogation tricks, isn't it? You don't give me a cigarette till I tell you more. Yeah. And that's all I'm saying. Some. I'm not telling you what happened. Okay. There's no need... You did Basic here? I don't know... I like the Army. I just don't like it. It's... too slow. I asked for a policeman. Just a guess. Maybe they're not where they're supposed to be. Maybe somebody moved them. Habeas Corpus -- no bodies, no crime, and Nunez still plays as self defense. Face it detectives... you have nothing. Ohhhh, I don't think so... Did I ever claim I was Raymond Dunbar? Was I ever told to state my name rank and serial number for the record? No. You assumed who I was, because I was wearing this uniform. Don't believe me? Is that what I did, now? And of course, you can prove all of it. Can't do that now, though, can you? Don't know on a map. West told us it was there, we just found it. Maybe the hurricane took it away. Would you have believed me? Yeah. One went off, yeah, but it didn't touch him -- I thought you knew this -- The creek bed -- Pills, shots, you name it, Basic's a lot easier when you don't feel pain -- No, did he tell you about it? About the business Childs ran? Yeah. Spent half his time in the infirmary. Only reason he enlisted was his father. West didn't section him till last week. He was sickly. Had that shaking thing, whatd'yacall it, epoxy? There were six of us... That first night with Pike. I made the mistake of letting him sit down at around 0300. No, ma'am, he just wanted us to quit. Making it through was kind of an honor. Some of the other guys on the base told us that if you could hack Section Eight, Command would consider you at the top of the class. Your weapons, Sergeant. Sir, yes, sir! Sir, yes, sir! Sir, Dunbar, sir! So you killed him? So did we. Why didn't you come? West... he's dead. We were each given three so whoever killed West will be missing one. Shut up. Let me see your grenades. I hated West, Childs hated West, everyone with a goddamn brain hated West but that doesn't mean we killed him! He wouldn't kill anybody... Put it down! No... no, we can just wait till we get back and then tell the M.P.'s -- This is a lot of information to be getting... I have to think -- I... I don't know... They? His chest was hamburger -- Full clip to the body -- That still doesn't mean you didn't kill him. Why... why didn't you tell me? You're lying -- Why? Bullshit. You hated West, Mueller loved him -- That's exactly what he says about you. Oh, come on -- If not you, then who? You're the only one missing a grenade. You hated West more than any of us. Yeah... You know it's not like that -- We just want to check your pack -- Where have you been, Jay? What do you mean, West's? Whose blood is that, Jay?Old friend. Haven't talked to him in -- 911. Can I use your phone? Bill Styles... Yeah, and I could've used the sleep. I'm supposed to meet people here tonight, try and get some work going. Don't you mean "don't need no liquor license not taken away from me"? Yeah, if you've slept. Can I at least have a drink? You know that was like a quadruple negative? He's telling the truth up to a point... I promised them I'd ask you where West and the others are... And the bodies? Do what? Not true, Cadet, I've got a gun -- We've found all of them. We don't need the tapes -- We're not finished yet -- Raymond, for you to have any chance of coming out of this, we need to locate the other bodies and examine them to corroborate your testimony. Otherwise this is just another story -- You saved Kendall's life -- You shot Childs and Nunez. And he'd been shot. You saw West's body. Yeah, we know, Pike did. So Childs made some side money, so what? People are dead, Ray, and the only one we have to blame is you -- Fuck "you're serious", Raymond, you got exactly zero truck with us; right now we'd take the word of a crackhead over yours, so if you've got something to say, say it. Well, why didn't you say so? We'll just drop all your charges, then -- That'd be my reaction too -- Hey, Ray! Just had a nice talk with your buddy Kendall -- seems you killed three people! No, actually, I just left mine in the car and was hoping you had some. You smoke, Ray? And those were the guys who went on the exercise with you? Tell me about them. Okay... but I would like to know about the other cadets. What they were like -- nice guys? Why'd you ask for a cop, Ray? Right. Now, I'm gonna go get you another donut and you think about whether you want to talk more, okay? They're dead, aren't they? Fifteen years ago under Sergeant West. Piece of work, that guy. I remember, he used to have these two silver .45's with ivory handles and if you weren't quick enough, he'd knock you on the head with one of them. He still carry those guns? C'mon, Ray, everyone hates the Army during Basic. I'll tell you straight, I hated it here. What do you like then? Well, it's a game of anticipation, that's the beauty. You're under military arrest, it's not gonna happen. What's wrong with baseball? Why not? MAYBE WHAT -- Where are they! You lied to us, Levi, you're going to the gas chamber unless you tell us where to find them! But you can't prove it! You can't prove anything until we find the bodies! Or you, Levi? When is it finally going to come out that you were the one who killed him? How do you know? Why? Jail if he's lucky, the gas chamber if he's not -- Something funny, Levi? Dunbar will testify that you were. Well? Huh. You know, I really thought you said Nunez. I thought you said "Dunbar was gone," My fault, I gotta check the tape on that. Oh, yeah we taped the last interview. This one too. Cause it'd be a real break for us to catch you in a lie. Dunbar was running out the door? Ohhhhhh... See that's where I was confused, because I thought you said Nunez was running out the door. Why did you tell us he shot everybody, Levi? You put him in for three murders, the man saved your life -- Is it the truth? My heart weeps. Can I go to jail for punching a guy who's been shot? You tried to pin three stone murders on Dunbar -- Stop. Okay. I think that's it. He rises and walks to the door. Why did he come back for you? He admitted it. But you didn't. Then who did? What happened to "degrees"? Levi, I don't know if you're familiar with investigative work, but we have this little thing called "motive" and you just gave yourself one. I think you just blew "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" out of the fucking water. Senator Daddy must be thrilled. But not the only victim, right? Levi, you got about four hours before armed men show up here, put you on a plane to Washington, and lock you in a very small dark room. I suggest you talk to us. Coast Guard, special detective detail. We feel this incident may have put the beaches of Florida at risk. Get your hands away from the desk! You can't duck this, Bill. I may have done every goddamn thing in my life wrong but I won't let this happen. No more witnesses. West's a ghost. But it doesn't matter because we have your signature, the hospital log, and Kendall's toxicology report. And that'll be enough. Not for long. No! You will stand there and you will listen! What happened to you, Bill? You were the one who joined up to do good in the world. You were the one who believed in it -- You poisoned him, Bill. You heard our interrogation, you knew he was ready to crack, so you killed him, just like Pike. Toxicology report came back. Kendall's attack was caused by a drug known as anephadrine, maybe you've heard of it. It's for asthmatics. If an epileptic takes enough, it kills them. I checked with the nurses at the hospital -- you're the only other person who visited Kendall. What I can't understand is why you signed these. If you'd just let West take care of the paperwork, no one would have known, but you got careless. So when Pike finally told the truth you had to get rid of him, too. West had a partner. Someone who knew how to get things done. Stay where you are. I'm not going to cover for you, Bill. Not for this. If you let him testify then it would have all come out. West was supposed to take care of it out there, shut Nunez up and then disappear. But it got messy and people got killed. So you called your old pal Tom Hardy, figuring if worse came to worse, he'd cover for you. It was so good, I actually forgot you're one of the bigger dogs now. The Base Commander. The one in control. You couldn't let him testify, could you? You're a good soldier, Bill. I'm sorry, Bill. They're taking your command, aren't they? I wouldn't know where to start. I guess it was about one man framing another. He thought if the other guy got blamed, people would over look his own wrong doings. That's horseshit and you know it. Yeah. What I said before -- I'm talking about West! We had him, Bill, we were there. You're the fucking Base Commander, you knew what he did to Cadets and you let him go on the way he always he has -- You want a confession? Why don't you confess, Bill: people are dead and you don't give a shit about it! Only reason you called me is to protect your fucking job, you know this is your fault -- Home, I'm done. You mean not enough to save you. Nevertheless what'? Kendall will testify and that'll be enough. From Dunbar? I hate to break this to you, but I don't think he's gonna be all that psyched to put himself in for the death penalty. Okay, then let's widen the search to include the endzone in Giants Stadium and the trunk of my car -- There was a hurricane, Bill, the wind probably moved it. Someone must have got a shot off. He wasn't exactly a moving target. Pike killed West, Dunbar killed Mueller, Childs, and Nunez. He's not done by a longshot, I can get more out of him -- I'm not gonna let that happen. And I'm the closest thing to it, right? Which gives us about five hours. Why'd you call me? I'm assuming that's what made him the dead one? And the problem is you only got three. Well, he's a good soldier. It's not West, is it? Tell me it's not West. And here you are going out of house. How's that make you feel, Jules? Tell me what I can do. That bad? What kind of trouble are you in? How are you? Yeah. But he was a lot of other things, too. Thanks. In case you need me to testify about the shooting. They'll clear you. I should probably write that down. Want company? Think it'll work? Leaving without saying goodbye. What are you gonna do? Do I have a choice in this? West? Really. There are degrees of truth, officer. Always degrees. Tough. This is the perfect time. You know what makes a good detective? The number of confessions they get. You're a good detective, Osborne. So now you get mine. Seven guys. What was it you said? You were "just starting to believe I wasn't the guy people said". Seven. No death certificates. No crime. WHERE'S WEST'S BODY? We can tie you to the chair if it'll work better for you -- Isn't this how your story goes? Right back where we started. Get in. Good, just making sure. Maybe... Maybe we were nowhere near. Sometimes mysteries stay mysteries. I haven't by any chance grown on you, have I? That's gonna stay my secret. It dawned on me one day that we were supposed to be a nation founded on the principle of questioning authority... and all I did here was follow orders. It didn't add up. Plus, I got kicked out. Nah. Now I go home, get drunk, and try and forget this ever happened. Yeah. No, I didn't. I wanted to humiliate him. For what he did to Dunbar. For fucking over the little guy. Yeah, I could've. Should've. I pushed him too hard. That's a fantastic idea -- Why don't you talk to Levi off the record for a second? Are you sure? What? We're fucked, I know -- Let's go talk to Bill... That bugs you too? And all hell breaks loose. A lot of Good guys shoot a lot of bad guys and whiz, bang, zoom, happy ending. Kendall maybe would have agreed, but the hurricane buttfucks the cabin -- And if they're asked, that's what they'll tell the, world. Exactly, someone who's not involved, who's word can't be questioned. You only let them see what you want them to see, you make them believe, so when the time comes, they've totally bought into your version of events. And they're smart about it. They know when you commit a crime you know is going to be investigated, you need a fall guy and for that to work, you have to have a witness. What happened next? Dunbar... He said he didn't shoot West. West wasn't shot, Kendall said he was blown apart by a phosphorous grenade and Dunbar never saw the body. I didn't shoot West... Why do you care? Oh, spare me the reverse psychology bullshit! This isn't my "great second chance", Osborne. Everyone thinks I'm a piece of shit cop who took money and nothing is going to change that. Nobody will ever know what happens here -- Phenomenal at taking bribes, right? West was a monster! Fifteen years ago, I was here, I was Section Eight, I was Pike. Fuck being the knife dummy -- that thing he did, stripping Pike down, making him stand outside all night? He did that every year, he did that to me. Fifteen years ago, I wanted him dead, and now I'm supposed to care that somebody offed him? Sorry, no can do. I tried. Watch me. You knew what he was capable of and you just stood by. It was just a matter of time till somebody fragged his ass, and you know what? He deserved it. There's your confession. Why the fuck wasn't he in restraints? Well, I'm sure if he'd known this was all going to happen he'd have tried harder to witness it for you -- Everyone's capable of murder, Osborne. That means under a year. Let me explain what ten years of police work has taught me -- murder is basic. There are no conspiracies, no grand mysteries, and no evil puppet masters behind it all, pulling the strings; murder is shitty people doing a shitty thing to other shitty people -- it doesn't always make sense but it's always neat. Dunbar's our guy. "Too neat." How long have you been an investigator? I lied. Wait for it... Have no fear, Osborne, we have not yet begun to fight. Got it. Being back here. Gives me the willies. He's telling the truth, up to a point. You guys really got the shit kicked out of you here. So noted. I plan to grow on you. The very same. Yeah. That's just the story I tell the girls to get them into bed. Truth is... I don't know. The whole honor and duty thing. Make a difference in the world, crap like that. Didn't really work out. I lost a bet. You had a mobile of bayonets above your crib. Microrecorder for Kendall -- didn't have time to wire his room. Now tell me why you joined the army or I'll jab this pen through your neck. Best time for banal chit-chat. You're right. We should sit in silence. Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't know the object of the interrogation is to make you look good -- Everyone knows good cop, bad cop -- by admitting it I appeared trustworthy. I believe somebody owes me ten dollars -- See, Ray, this is what we call "good cop, bad cop". She shouts, I stand up for you, you're grateful, a bond of trust is established. Ten bucks says I have him talking in under three minutes. Something like that. Thank you. At some point in there I'm gonna rub my nose. When I do, go at him with everything you got. Is he handsome, self assured, carry himself well, does he look you in the eyes or down at the floor, does he have good bones, suggesting good breeding, does he slouch or sit up straight -- these are important questions, as they reveal a great deal about this man's character so please get over yourself for two and a half seconds and tell me is he cute? Is Dunbar cute? Because interrogation rooms look suspiciously like interrogation rooms, which doesn't exactly put people at ease. Is he cute? Move him. He's in interrogation? Christ... Remind me to thank Bill for mentioning that on the phone -- Levi? Who names their kid Levi -- Three things. First -- You don't have a choice. Second -- I've never taken a bribe in my life. And Third -- I'm still a little drunk from last night, so if I skip over the witty banter and move forward to straight hitting on you, try not to take offense. Tell me about the two guys. Subtlety really isn't one of you finer points, is it, Osborne? It was for suspicion of bribery, it's really all in the wording -- He got me through Basic and a lot of other stuff. I owe him. Gotta be honest, I love what you've done with the place -- And you notice I'm not in the Army anymore. I didn't mean that as a compliment. He was our Drill here. Man's older than sand. Ah, Christ Fantastic. You want to tell me what's going on?You framed-him... Maybe he's dead too. Maybe you killed them both, Mueller -- What about Pike? Did -- did you -- I don't want to go -- What do we do? I thought I was gonna have an attack. Go into a fit and bite off my own tongue in the middle of the bayou. Childs could tell I wasn't right. I'm -- I'm sorry... Maybe he... Maybe -- I don't know -- I didn't -- Because I was standing next to him. Because of what I saw. Who really killed West. I didn't do anything -- I was just thinking of what's going to happen to your careers when my father gets through with you. Then we'll leave it up to the courts -- His word against mine. What does his father do again? Steelworker? Doesn't matter, I'm sure justice will be served. In any case, my father will definitely want to talk to you about all these questions, these accusations on his son. He's quite protective. Sorry to disappoint. I'm on painkillers for the injury -- they cloud the mind. You're right, it was Nunez. Any more questions? I believe your next line is "What are you trying to hide?" No. I said Dunbar. So I should stay silent about his misdeeds? The guns went off, I ran in, Childs shot me, Pike and Mueller were dead, and Dunbar was running out the door with the smoking gun -- There's that word again. As I told you, I wasn't in the room when everyone started shooting. Epileptic attacks are murder on your system. Rattle your internal organs like a paint mixer. How many murders did you cover up? One? Five? Maybe an even ten. Somebody emptied a full clip into him -- Mr. Hardy? I honestly don't know. Maybe to have someone to cover for him. And I wish I could, but there's no doubt in my mind he killed those men. Right in front of us. Mueller went after him but we held him back. No. Poetic justice, though. Maybe I shouldn't tell you that. Maybe I should tell you I wasn't scared at all. But I was... Enough to almost kill him. I didn't kill him -- You said you wanted to know what happened -- I'm telling you the truth. The Sergeant discovered this relationship and wanted me expelled. My father interceded, so instead, West Sectioned me and made sure every other cadet knew that I was gay. He is not, shall we say, wild about the idea. He has asked me on numerous occasions to be more discreet about my proclivities, and I have done my best to oblige him. However, in the last four weeks, I began a relationship with another cadet. What do you think of that? My father is a powerful man. Over the years he's used that power to protect me, in one form or another, from certain... unpleasantries. I am a homosexual. My, my, my, how did things turn so hostile so quickly? If I didn't know better, I'd say you two were out to get me. I've done nothing wrong. I'm the victim here. That's it. You're that policeman with friends in low places. Tell me, how's Guissepe Torres doing these days? Those racketeering indictments must have really been a downer -- You... I've seen you around the Base. But you... You're not Army, are you? Pike, please -- I don't think I want to hear this -- How? What are you talking about? So you took off your shirt? Oh, you remember now -- Yeah and he doesn't know when -- Poor fucker my ass... We should tell him we're not going. You ever been in a hurricane, Mueller? Maybe we shouldn't go. He came after us. And I told Dunbar he had to kill him... I scared Dunbar into silence. He's been trying to cover for me the whole time. We got here, you came to see me... I didn't know if I could trust him with that kind of secret -- I told him what had really happened to West. Told him to keep quiet about it or I'd destroy him. Because if it came out that I was involved with the whole PX scam, my father would be finished. Childs. We did get our stories straight, but not because we killed anyone. It was because I threatened him. Dunbar's telling the truth. Wait -- It won't work -- What? You can't threaten me -- Then he's mistaken. You know, I really don't think my father would approve of this line of questioning -- No, but it got you interested, didn't it? Got you to dig. Inspired Ray to tell you terribly sordid tales about drugs and creek beds and dead little sergeants who stuck their noses where they didn't belong. Not much time to solve the crime. Tell me, detective, how did it feel taking blood money from Guissepe Torres? Did it weigh on your conscience or did you just not think about it? Running out of time, are we? Tick- tock, tick-tock, how long till your witnesses fly the coop? We've been making progress, I see. Like I said, I was in the kitchen. When I came out, Mueller and Pike were dead, Nunez and Childs were hit and Dunbar was gone. Because he'd shot Mueller. He whispered it in my ear. "You're gonna die tonight, faggot". Clear as day. He wanted more than that. What, "The Truth"? Please. There are degrees of truth, officer, always degrees. Things are not what they seem.West was one thing, but this -- Shut the fuck up, you fucking faggot, You just shut the FUCK UP. I don't know! We got -- I don't know, we got separated You killed him you fucking faggot -- Hey, I -- Holy fuck... holy fuck, what the fuck did you guys do? Can anybody hear me! I... Pike and I got separated... then I heard gunfire. Close. Jesus, what happened? Why? Oh, bullshit, he's a fucking convict. You know how much he hated West -- To start a fire, goddammit! What about him, huh? Maybe he offed the Sarge and changed shirts, brought an extra one in his pack. Y'ever think of that? Go ahead, cut him loose! First chance he gets, he'll waste the rest of us, that's how they work -- I was freezing from the hurricane -- I'm about two seconds away from seeing if fairies really can fly -- I remember now, it was before the explosion -- Pike and I got separated -- You better watch it, faggot, I'm not sure you and Childs didn't do him -- They found him. Poor fucker was practically blown in half -- Oh, yeah, "Excuse me, Sergeant, sir, we don't feel like going out -- we don't want to get rained on." He'll kick our asses from here to Cleveland. You ever been in a hurricane, Mueller? The faggot speaks. Tell him to shut up -- Shut up! Bullshit -- The fuck are you talking about -- We're not going anywhere. I used it to start the fire -- We all know what you did, Pike. I don't know what kind of nigger voodoo you been working in here, but -- Shut the fuck up. He was gonna cut him loose. What the fuck are you doing? Whoever shot the Sarge blew a grenade first -- What the fuck happened to you? One minute you're next to me and the next you're gone and the sky lights up like fucking Christmas -- Toughens us up, Pike. You don't like it, quit.A test will no doubt link you to the killing -- We wait and I'm a dead man. I got a black face, a criminal record, and over a hundred other cadets who'll testify how much I hated West -- my court martial will take six minutes. It's either me or them, Ray, and you gotta decide right now. There's no time to think, Ray, we gotta get out of here! You untie me, we grab the guns, get Kendall and Nunez, and make a run for it -- What don't you know? Mueller and Childs. One of them must've taken the grenade from my pack on the chopper... Way I figure it, West must have found out about their little business and was gonna bust them, so they decided to get rid of him first... That's close range. You go full auto on a guy from close range, you're gonna be swimming in blood. Look at my uniform. Nothing. From up close or far away? You saw West, right? How was he killed? Becoming a morphine addict during Basic ain't exactly something you want to broadcast. Only Mueller and Childs know. Pull up my sleeve. Right arm. Combat grade morphine. Mueller sold it to me. Just look. Little pocket. Look in my pack. Enough to go to prison? Childs' PX scam, Mueller was in on it -- Who you gonna trust, Ray? Him or your friend? We're sweeping our area and suddenly he's gone. Couple minutes later, phosphorous grenade pops off about a third of a click away -- Mueller. Ray, this is my life here. I ain't gonna pretend I'm not happy West is gone, but you know I couldn't have done this. It's not in me. Which anyone coulda taken out of my gear on the chopper. Were you watching your pack on the ride in? Maybe, but that don't make me a killer -- You gotta untie me. I didn't do this thing, Ray. Right? Do I? Why? Roberto, what the fuck? Wandering through a hurricane trying to find this place. It's gettin' bad out there -- Where's West? I mean I killed him. Isn't that what we all wanted? West's. Any kindling for afire? Although that won't matter much when coupled with the murder charge -- Someone else can do the deed, it doesn't have to be you. Maybe Nunez too, he's got a tendency to follow Mueller, but the rest of us can come out ahead -- the guys who took out their Sergeant's killers! We'll move the bodies out to the creek and say we came over the hill right as they fragged West, all we gotta do is tell the story right. Mueller. He's as bad as West and we both know it. Now I can't do it, cause I'm tied up, but we get the others to go along -- A gay Senator's son who let his Sarge get fragged on a training exercise? The press'll crucify you and your father. His career will be over and it'll be your fault. But we do this different and you come out a hero. The thing is, we've got a real opportunity here. You turn me in tomorrow and we're both fucked -- -- failure to comply with this arrest is a court martialable offense in and of itself -- Until we return to base, and ballistics can match your weapon to the slugs in Sergeant West's body -- You are to be stripped of all weapons and placed under guard -- Cadet Michael Mueller, I hereby place you under military arrest for the murder of Sergeant Nathan West -- Goddammit, Ray, we gotta get out of here -- Still got mine on, not a speck of blood on it. Not a bad trick for a murderer -- you said you burned yours? Where's your shirt, Mueller? This place is going, Mueller. We gotta move -- Thank God... Blame the nigger, then, huh? Someone turns up dead, you just look for the darkest face in the crowd -- What the fuck happened to you -- Hurricane's due after midnight and we're still going out?Ma'am, Ray Dunbar's black. You mean Ray Dunbar? Well, that ain't right. Funny. I swear I saw them bring him and the smaller guy in this morning. Terrible tragedy. One of those Section Eight boys worked in here. Pike. Heard he got out okay. Sign here and here. Hey, ain't you the folks workin' on that whole hulabaloo from last night?For the last time, I have no idea what you're talking about -- You're crazy -- You want to get into a finger pointing contest about character? The army kicked you out for drugs, the cops fired you for taking bribes from a mobster, and you think you can stand there and lecture me on codes of conduct? There's only one criminal standing in this room and it's you. I'm not even going to dignify that -- I wanted to see if he was okay -- That's preposterous -- Or what? You've gone round the bend -- You're drunk -- What are you talking about? I thought you said that wasn't a compliment. Don't be. I'm not cut out to deal with the West's of the world. The Senator... You think you could explain all this to me? Maybe. But it's my fault and I'll carry it. It's over. Time of death was 4:42. JAG's been notified and I called the Senator myself. My report will reflect that his medical condition made this unavoidable... you two had no culpability in the matter. Does Osborne agree? Was dead right. You think Dunbar's on the level? What the hell are you talking about -- What about the confession? Tom, where are you going -- JAG gets here in three hours. Try for the confession. Not for me. Nevertheless -- Without the body we have no physical proof. We need a confession. Habeas Corpus -- you have to have a body to have a crime. We've already been over the terrain twice. Nothing. Who killed Pike? He can wait. Kendall's out of surgery. Tom, bottom line: I let those kids go out there. If JAG shows up and I don't have any answers for them, my career is finished -- The guy in interrogation said he'd only talk to a cop. Cadet Roberto R. Nunez. Killed right in front of me. No, the problem is one's dead, one's got a bullet in his arm, and one won't talk. The one who won't talk was trading live fire with the dead one as we reached the pick-up. The exercise was one of his Section Eight "private sessions". Left around 2100 yesterday and were scheduled for pick up at 0630 this morning. A few years ago, the Army picked our good buddy as their go to non-com to trot out to the press to talk about the kinder, gentler military. He even did the standard video greeting played to all incoming Basic cadets across the country. The official term for it is "Clusterfuck". By the time Beth hit us, I'd canceled all off base exercises save one -- a six man cadet team and their Drill out in the bush. We're missing three and the Sergeant. The cadets are in their eighth week of the cycle, nobody here knows much about them, up to and including their names. But the Sergeant... This is Warrant Officer Julia Osborne, the closest thing we have to an in- house investigator. Would I have called you if it wasn't? If there was any other way -- Been better. I read about what's been happening with you... I should have called -- The army kicked you out for drugs... Gets on his plane in ten minutes, which means you two are done. You'll understand if I don't walk you out. I'm giving you a chance to walk away. You both know if you do this, if you go after a Senator's son and you're wrong... it's not just me in the hot seat anymore. You want Kendall, don't you? What do you think? You think he did it? I called the JAG Corps, the two cadets we retrieved are to be flown to D.C. on a transport leaving here at 1700 -- Then it's unofficial. He's former Army and the best I've ever seen in a room. Besides, he knows the territory, we did Basic together here. You've had three hours with Dunbar and haven't gotten a peep, we need to take a different tack. He asked to see a policeman, we're getting him a policeman.Sir, yes, sir! Sir, yes, sir! Sir, yes, sir! Sir, yes, sir!What the fuck is going on? The rest of you, fallout for physicals! Dunbar you are to stand here and guard this nigger for the next twenty- four hours! He is not to be given food, water, or clothes! If he so much as moves, you are to blow his nigger brains out, is that clear? You know how to work a pistol, Dunbar? Cadet, what's your name! LZ is two clicks North of a cabin, you are to split into teams of two and work your way through your designated area blasting as many targets as you can find! Each area has twenty targets, first team to take all twenty and find the cabin wins! Teams are as follows -- Dunbar and Nunez, Pike and Mueller, Kendall and Childs! Some of you may have heard there's a hurricane coming! American soldiers do not wait for good weather -- they do not wait for a bright sunshiney day to do their duty! An American Soldier learns to operate in the worst conditions and turn said conditions into an advantage against their enemy! Anyone who thinks these conditions are too harsh, feel free to lay down and die, you get me? So forget what you've seen on Sixty fucking Minutes about the kinder, gentler military -- you will either succeed, quit, or die by my hand! In my time I have killed sixteen men for the good of my country, sixteen men whose entrance into this Army I could not condone, as it would weaken the fabric of this nation's defense! This base suffers an average of three training accidents a year, unfortunate incidents that I will not hesitate to repeat if you cross me, understand -- give me a sir, yes, sir! Those who I deem unworthy to pass through this camp will quit, and those who refuse to quit I will kill. You ever hear of a training accident -- give me a sir, yes, sir! You motherfuckers have just made the worst mistake of your lives! You have chosen to join my Army! This Army is my mother, my father, and my little virgin sister and I will not allow anyone or anything that is not up to my standards near her pretty little virgin cooze, do you understand me -- give me a sir, yes, sir!Good luck, kid. Her name is Sandra Templeton. She's going to Auburn. The semester's almost over, so you better hurry. I was wrong about you kid. You may not have much, but what you got, you got a lot of. You could get any girl. That would explain the indigestion. Didn't kill anything, did I? Sorry, kid. I don't do charity. Kid, you were a big fish in a small pond. This here is the ocean, and you're drowning. Take my advice and go back to Puddleville. You'll be happy there. Sure I do. You were hot shit back in Hickville, but here in the real world, you got squat. You don't have a plan. You don't have a job. You don't have anything but the clothes on your back. Kid. Don't waste your time. She's out of your league. I know her uncle. Friends of the family. Jesus, kid. Let me guess. Real pretty, blonde hair, blue hat? Tough break. Most men have to get married before they lose their wives. See! The big guy likes it. Hey kid! Your friend just made himself a star. Great, great. That's fantastic.You won't find a better place! No one's ever left. Why? Now tell me if that isn't the best pie you ever ate. He's still here. Let me buy you a drink. I'll tell you all about it. Hell, I'll have him tell you. The town of Spectre. Best kept secret in Alabama. Says here you're from Ashton, right? Last person we had from Ashton was Norther Winslow. Not yet. Oh. Here! Right here. Edward Bloom. We weren't expecting you yet. Bloom like a flower? Welcome to ya. What's your name?What the hell are you doing? This is my girl. Mine! Bloom! Let's see it. You get the eye? Fine, you do it. Then do it. Or are you too scared?Your mother came in about three in the afternoon. Her neighbor drove her, on account of your father was on business in Wichita. You were born a week early, but there were no complications. It was a perfect delivery. Now, your father was sorry to miss it, but it wasn't the custom for the men to be in the room for deliveries then, so I can't see as it would have been much different had he been there. And that's the real story of how you were born. Not that one. The real story. Did he ever tell you that? Did your father ever tell you about the day you were born? Five-eleven. One-eighty. Regulated hypertension. How would his son describe him? Thirty years. Maybe more. Glad to see you're not trying to have a heartfelt talk. It's one of my greatest annoyances, when people talk to those who can't hear them. Absolutely. Be good for you to talk to him. A pleasure. Will.Thank you. There's only one I want. A few rabbits, but I think one of them was already dead. I'll work night and day, and you won't have to pay me. You just have to tell me who she is. I don't have a job, but I would have a job if you gave me one. And I may not have much, but I have more determination than any man you're ever going to meet. Someone stole my backpack. I've got a whole backpack full of clothes! What do you mean? You don't even know me. Who is she? Where does she live? Yes! I'm going to spend the rest of my life looking for her. That or die alone. I just saw the woman I'm going to marry, I know it. But then I lost her. That's great. It was on that night Karl met his destiny. And I met mine. Almost. I don't expect to. This town is everything a man could ask for. And if I were to end up here, I'd consider myself lucky. But the fact is, I'm not ready to end up anywhere. I have to leave. Tonight. It truly is. No. I've gotta meet somebody. I'm already running late. The poet? What ever happened to him? What is this place? You were expecting me? Yes. Edward Bloom. I didn't know she belonged to anybody. Don. I brought it. Fine, I'm doing it. Fine, I will. I'll go in right now and get that eye. I'm sorry, Jenny. I am. And from the moment I saw her until the moment I die, she's the only one. Don't. Don't be embarrassed. I should never have let you think that... I am in love with my wife. I'll... Lord, I'm sorry I... I can get it. I can just... I see. I thank you for your time. You're Beamen's daughter. Your last name is different. You married. I'm sorry. Have I offended you? Helping people makes me happy. It's not like you're going to lose anything. You can ask anyone in town. I've been nothing if not generous. I want the best for everyone. In so many words, yes. I'll offer you more than it's worth. And you know you won't have to move. Nothing will change except the name on the deed, you have my word. Apparently I've overlooked this one piece of it, and I'd like to remedy that. You see, in order for the town to be preserved, the trust must own it in its entirety. How did you know? I promise. Someday. When I'm really supposed to. I suspect it will hurt a lot. You're pretty good at arithmetic. Eighteen. Yeah. Well, she... uh... Did you see that woman? And I like you. I didn't forget. I was just working on a tangent. See, most men, they'll tell a story straight through, and it won't be complicated, but it won't be interesting either. There was one time when I was eleven... Truth is, I've been thirsty my whole life. Never really known why. Well, we were all set to, but there was a complication. Well, it's not a short one. Will never told you that? Probably just as well. He would have told it all wrong anyway. All the facts and none of the flavor. That's because we didn't have a wedding. Your mother-in-law was never supposed to marry me. She was engaged to somebody else. You don't need a picture. Just look up handsome in the dictionary. Spooning the sherbet. They were squeezing the cheese. Clanking the bottles. Licking the popsicle. He was buttering her rolls. Pumping her churn. Splashing milk in her box. He was slipping her a little extra cream. Because see, my mother was banging the milkman. Terrible for her, but think about me, young boy with that kind of power. Wasn't three weeks later that the crow came back to me in a dream and said, "Your Grampa is going to die." Well, I ran right back to my parents. My father said, no, Gramps is fine, but I could see there was trepidation. And true enough, that next morning my Grampa was dead. Means when you dream about something that's going to happen. Like one night, I had a dream where this crow came and told me, "Your Aunt is going to die." I was so scared I woke up my parents. They told me it was just a dream, to go back to bed. But the next morning, my Aunt Stacy was dead. I was dreaming. You're lucky to get four words out of them in English. But if you were to walk through the jungle, you'd hear them speaking the most elaborate French. Those parrots talk about everything: politics, movies, fashion -- everything but religion. Just to be sure, you can take my pack. That poet, Norther Winslow did. He was going to Paris, France. He must have liked it, because no one ever heard from him again. Tell you what. You take the other way and I'll cut through here. Meet you on the far side. Beats me. Okay. I love every square inch of it. But I can feel the edges closing in on me. A man's life can only grow to a certain size in a place like this. So what do you say? Join me? Mine's Edward. And truthfully, I do want you to leave, Karl. But I want to leave with you. You think this town is too small for you, well, it's too small for a man of my ambition. I can't see staying here a day longer. What's your name, Giant? So why are you wasting your time in a small town? You're a big man. You should be in the big city. Wouldn't lie to you. And they've got all-you-can-eat buffets. You can eat a lot, can't you? Hardly two stories in the whole place. Now I've heard in real cities, they've got buildings so tall you can't even see the tops of 'em. Yes. Exactly. Story of my life. The River! Let's get out of here. Like this. How I go. Tell me how it happens. The river. I have been nothing but myself since the day I was born. And if you can't see that, it's your failing, not mine. What do you want, Will? Who do you want me to be? It would kill you, huh? You think I'm fake. I've told you a thousand facts. That's all I do, Will. I tell stories. What, you're seeing down to my nose? My chin? Then you shouldn't have started with a question. Because people want to answer questions. You should have started with, "The thing about icebergs is..." What? Do I? I saw an iceberg once. They were hauling it down to Texas for drinking water, only they didn't count on an elephant being frozen inside. The woolly kind. A mammoth. Son? But the real story is how I got the car. You see... I think someone hasn't. Did I ever tell you about how... Oh, so you know. It's rude to talk about religion. You never know who you're going to offend. I said this isn't how I go. The last part is much more unusual. Trust me on that. You know where the chemicals are? Your mother hasn't been keeping up the pool. If you wanted to you could... You mean, while I'm here. There's a lot you don't know about me. True story. You owe me three-fifty. And every day I gave him a quarter. Every day. Then I got sick and was out for a couple of weeks. And when I went back there, you know what he said? There was this panhandler who used to stop me every morning when I came out of this coffee shop near the office. Surprise ending. Wouldn't want to ruin it for you. I saw my death in that eye. And this is not how it happens. She was a witch. Truly. I saw it in The Eye. People needn't worry so much. It's not my time yet. This isn't how I go. You learned from the best. No, but I hear it's terrible. Then you spend years trying to corrupt and mislead this child, fill its head with nonsense and still it turns out perfectly fine. Having a kid changes everything. I mean, there's the diapers and the burping and the midnight feedings... You -- -- are in for a surprise. Your mom says I can't tell you that one anymore. You get nightmares. Come on, Will. Everyone likes that story. Jesus Christ. What, a father's not allowed to talk about his son? You can see my predicament. My wedding ring, the symbol of fidelity to my wife, soon to be the mother of my child, was now lost in the gut of an uncatchable fish. I was drying out. Go out with me. I have the rest of my life to find out. I called everywhere in five states and explained this was the only way I could get my wife to marry me. They're your favorite flower. Oh. Don't need to apologize to me. I mean, I'm the luckiest person you're going to find today... 'Fraid so. So what are you up to now? That's great, Norther. I'm happy for you. I can't believe I helped. I don't believe it! I was astonished to see the greatest poet of both Ashton and Spectre all the way out in Texas. You're a poet. You oughta be able to. And maybe if you'd seen more, you could. Norther, do you ever regret not making it to Paris? Really. Wait! I need those!You're not trying to run away? You know anyone's who's taken it? What did she say? Okay. You don't like it? Karl. You're just trying to get me to leave, aren't you? That's why they sent you here. I can. Really?Edward, it's got your deposit slip on it. This is it? The whole vault. I'm robbing this place. I want you to know, when you left Spectre it opened my eyes. There was a whole life out there that I was not living. So I travelled. I saw France, and Africa, half of South America. Every day a new adventure, that's my motto. It's me. Norther Winslow. I can't imagine any place better than here. This is why you don't show work in progress. There's a lot of expectation. I don't want to disappoint my fans. I've been working on this poem for 12 years. There is no softer ground than town.No. A thousand times. He caught an uncatchable fish. How would you describe him? How long have you known my father? My father and I have an advantage. We never talk. Can I see him? Dr. Bennett. It's good to see you. My wife, Josephine. You become what you always were. A very big fish. And that's the way it happens. It's unbelievable. You say... Where are we headed? Somehow, you're better. Different. You're getting ready to go. And I say... Okay. Okay. I can try, Dad. If you help. Just tell me how it starts. How what happens? The river? Yourself. Good, bad, everything. Just show me who you are for once. Dad, I'm about to have a kid of my own here. It would kill me if he went through his whole life never understanding me. Only on the surface. But that's all I've ever seen. You tell lies, Dad. You tell amusing lies. Stories are what you tell a five-year old at bedtime. They're not elaborate mythologies you maintain when your son is ten and fifteen and twenty and thirty. And the thing is, I believed you. I believed your stories so much longer than I should have. And then when I realized that everything you said was impossible -- everything! -- I felt like such a fool to have trusted you. You were like Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny combined. Just as charming and just as fake. I have no idea who you are because you have never told me a single fact. The thing about icebergs is you only see 10 percent of them. The other 90 percent is below the water where you can't see it. And that's what it is with you Dad. I'm only seeing this little bit that sticks above the water. I'm trying to make a metaphor here. Dad! Do you know much about icebergs, Dad? Can we talk? Dad? The maple tree and the Buick. We heard it. Yes. Josephine actually went to the Congo last year. Why not religion, Dad? I thought you weren't dying. I used to do it when you were gone, remember? I used to do it a lot. I will. I'd just like to know the true versions of things. Events. Stories. You. Dad, I'm hoping we can talk about some things while I'm here. You're right. When did you ever work in an office? Really. What did he say? Okay. So how does it happen? No, she was old and probably senile. Maybe schizophrenic. The Old Lady by the swamp. Really. You think I'm up for it? Did you do any of that? Am I? I'm not scared. The one about the witch. No Dad, they don't. I do not like the story. Not anymore, not after a thousand times. I know all the punchlines, Dad. I can tell them as well as you can. For one night, one night in your entire life, the universe does not revolve around Edward Bloom. It revolves around me and my wife. How can you not understand that? Friend of yours? Did you help him out of a bind? I am a footnote in that story. I am the context for your great adventure. Which never happened! Incidentally! You were selling novelty products in Wichita the day I was born. Make him stop. You didn't become crazy. Logically, you couldn't be the Witch, because she was old back when he was young. My father talked about a lot of things he never did, and I'm sure he did a lot of things he never talked about. I'm just trying to reconcile the two. Because he's dying. I've seen him with women. He flirts. He always has. On some level, I presumed he was cheating on my mother. I just never had proof. Were you and my father having an affair? How did you know my father? Are you Jenny Hill? Hello. Is he going to be okay? What happened? I need you on my side. Look, I know why you like him. I know why everyone likes him. But I need you to tell me I'm not crazy. What is "true?" I've never heard my father say a single true thing. You have to understand. When I was growing up, he was gone more than he was here. And I started thinking -- maybe he has a second life somewhere else. With another house, another family. He leaves us, he goes to them. Or maybe there is no family. Maybe he never wanted a family. But whatever it is, maybe he likes that second life better. And the reason he tells all those stories is because he can't stand this boring place. Everyone loves my father. He's a very likeable guy. Mmm, what. I know better than to argue romance with a French woman. Mmm. That's because most of it never happened. They met at Auburn. Did you? You don't have to. Probably tonight. It's more than they thought. They're going to stop chemo. Mom, do you want some time with Dad? I'll stay. Why don't you go home with Josephine and I'll stay tonight. So you never bought any land. Did you and Dad have any other property? Mom? Is he awake? That really happened? No. But it's weird. She seemed to recognize me. Mom, do you know who that is? Blonde hair. But I understand you, Mom. I always have. True. But I've known him my whole life, and I don't feel like I know him at all. Or ever will. Josephine and I have a lot in common. Yes. But that's a different... How is that possible? I mean, you try to ask him a question and suddenly it's another one of his stories. You can't honestly say you know him. What I mean is, do you really know what's going on in his head? Mom, would you say you understand Dad? I don't know if you've seen it, but Josephine has some photos in the most recent Newsweek. How much time does he have left? How is he? Is that Dr. Bennett's car? We rented a car. We swam. The Atlantic, it's not that big really.Oh. Well, thanks for the drink. No, no. Nothing like that. I work in a bank. Well, typically, corporate loans are relatively simple matters, but you do need to demonstrate a capacity for gross fund recovery. Can -- Silicon Valley? So, what do you do? My name's Grant. Grant Ashby. Uh, Maker's Mark. Rocks. Tough day? I wasn't sure if you'd make it. Jake? Right. Uh-huh... Uh-huh... Yeah, it's going through -- Ten percent. Of how much? No, I understand that. What I mean... What I'm trying to say... I was actually wondering about... Well, my cut. Let's just slow down for a second... What's this? I know. It won't go unnoticed. Everything looks in order. And you have this letter of intent? Sort of like a letter of intent. Big.Com. That Internet thing. I don't follow. Banks need to know how they're going to get their money back. That's right. And tech firms... They 'tend to scare people off. Well, typically speaking, they're not. As long as you can demonstrate -- What do I do? I'm the VP of Finance. I envy you guys. Taking a chance like that.It's Alfonse. I want to settle up. I haven't been ducking you. I told you I'd get it. I'm gonna go get eggrolls. Anyone want eggrolls? Yeah, but come on... All I get to do is cry and get insulted. Hey, Jake... When am I gonna get to play the Inside?So why don't you take a deep breath, Jake, and I'll count to ten. One. Two. Three... Like putting on a play... Guess some people forgot their lines. Oh, Jake. You disappoint me. And you just let Lily here down again. What was it you said about playing the big con? Alright... Turn around. She doesn't get shit, unless I get that money. Where is it? Alrlght, alrlght. What happened today? After you cut her loose. Yes it is, Jake! Yes it is! They were right there for you. She was right there for you! Look at her! BULLSHIT! You were scared, Jake! You lost your nerve! You lost your confidence! You weren't being noble. You weren't trying to save anybody but yourself! Admit it. So much for honor among thieves. You would have cut loose your friends, your girl... Is that what it was, Jake? Was it love? She had you tempting fate. Like what? You're a superstitious fucker. Nice. Cue the fucking violins. Come on... It's getting cold. But there were other factors. I can see why you liked her. So how'd you get caught? In this case, you might say I want to know how not to play the Big Con. Keep going. I want to know how you got Lionel Dolby. Keeping the Fix happy. And these cops? What do they get? It's all about the money, isn't it? Grifters... That's not a bad place to start. Your life flashing before your eyes? Things are probably going to end badly for you, Jake. No. I'm not the Anti-Christ. Or the Prince of Darkness. I'm just a guy looking for some answers. Know who I am, Jake? Ten is standard, sir. We'll take care of it. So we go to the bar. Not that I recall. What do you want us to do about it?Poor bastard never knew what hit him. Jesus, I almost felt sorry for the guy. The red hair... It's bad luck. People have tried this before, Jake. It's never worked. Teddy Fraiser and his crew went on vacation in Chicago for it. Last year, Mumps got pinched in L.A. Alright, let's all put our dicks back in our pants for a second. Is this the best thing to do? Whoa. What? Come on... Big Al gets whacked mid-egg foo young. The whole thing took about two and a half hours. That's how good he is. No, that was the only semi-fucking smart thing he said! Except anybody that's ever met Big Al knows that the only thing he's comfortable doing alone is eating. This guys tells this guy, that guy tells some other guy, eventually it works it's way back to someone who works for the King and -- What are you? New? Let me tell you how good this guy is. Last night, Al calls this bookie to settle up. Apparently he's been ducking him for like a month. So the guy asks him where he's got all this money all of a sudden, right? What does Al do? Does he tell him that he cashed in a fucking Bar Mitzvah bond? Does he tell him he's been giving head out back for twenty bucks a pop? No... He starts going on about this job he just pulled and how he fleeced some Wall Street asshole-type... How HE fleeced. Independent. Same shit, just independent. They call him the King Pin because he looks like that guy from the comic book... Big. Fat. Bald. Currently, the King Pin is a very large-type pole stuck up our asses. The cash we fleeced off of him was collection money. He was supposed to take that money and give it to the King earlier yesterday like he does every Thursday. 'Cept this time, he figured he could make a little something for himself off us and still get the King's money back before any body says "boo." Jake, I mean, come on -- Moonan. Here. Shit... Let's go, Jake? Jake... Masters of our own destiny. You ever use the bathroom in Kennedy? I'd like this cashed, please. So that's it... Jake -- Calls? You'll be there? We're going to make it back, Grant. Three or four times over. You sure? So then Miles walks straight into the Creative Director's office and says "The code's fine, the program's for shit" and throws down like a thousand pages of code on the guy's desk! She up for this? You laugh now, but wait until you need a clean place to powder. This is New York city, Sister. Public sanitation does not run very high on the city hall agenda. You know what you can get off a toilet or doorknob? Let's do the list... Hepatitis, influenza, the flesh eating disease -- Yeah... Whatever, Jake. How's that? He works for Gillette. We only owe the King a hundred and fifty. How much we going after? You gotta be kidding me. Her? When? And what about Big Al? It gets worse. Now I know why he was such a good rope. I mean, cash... That much and we never had to put him on the "Send?" Turns out this ducking Moe was an accountant for the King Pin. Seems Lionel Dolby came down with a sudden case of drowning last night. They just pulled him out of the East River. I just don't know if this says, "me". What's the fabric? I guess. I gotta drop a dime. Did anybody mess up the hoop? That's a lot of cash. He came up with it pretty quick. But you won't get that splatter effect. Shit.Same thing with playing a con. You have to be able to see that deep. Two million. The standard ten. Then there it is. Ashby gets the itch. You're worried about recouping the loan. I already told you. You need some convincing. Consider it a convincer. There'll be red flags. This has to happen fast. We had to finalize the deal. Yes. That's why I wish there were guys willing to take a chance and live a little. Exactly. But the Catch-22 is that you can't tell anyone about the offer, because if it's public, you could start a bidding war and that's considered a breach of etiquette. It could kill a deal. But, wait too long and you're not considered hot anymore. Right. The guys who started that did what a lot of companies in the Valley do. They get a good idea, shop it around, raise some capital, then sell it off to a bigger company. Microsoft, Intel, Oracle, whatever. The beauty of it is, they've pretty much sold the company before they're even real. The bigger company is already set to buy it, all they want to do is make sure that the idea actually works. So they get some start up capital, make it work, then sell it for like five times the initial loan. Listen, what I'm about to tell you, I'm telling you in confidence, okay? Have you ever heard of a company called Big.Com? We know exactly how we're going to make the money back. There in lies the Catch-22 They scare people off because most people lack vision. Vision and balls. Present company excluded of course. A capacity for gross fund recovery. Yeah, we got that part. Maybe you can help us understand what's so hard about getting a corporate loan. Here's where a little research comes in handy. Corporate banks give out VP titles like calendars. It's a small lie, but now we're sure he's playing. What do you do over at your bank, Grant? Uh, right... And that was it. That's when we decided to start our own business. No more shithead bosses. It can erase all those things about you that you wish didn't exist. What are you talking about? You should get a fucking Academy Award for the Shill work you do. We got it down cold, Al. You don't want to jinx it by changing something up, do you? Gordo plays the inside. You're the Shill. Guess so. It's like putting on a play, where everyone knows their part except for the mark. Probably safe in the hands of the Federal Government. Today? Started off great... She walked. We were back on. It's not true. I was doing it for them. You know when the first con was ever played? It was when Adam fell for Eve in the Garden of Eden. My father used to play the same fucking lotto numbers with these other guys in the pharmacy. The same numbers everyday for sixteen years. One day he gets pissed off, tells them he's out and plays his own numbers. They hit the Lucky Seven for one point two million. Having a gun pointed at you for one. It's not like breaking a mirror bad luck, but it's bad. Three on a match, black cats... Believe it. Believe it all. Luck's a funny thing. Especially the bad. Back in WWI or WWII, one of the WW's, if you took the time to light three cigarettes with one match, some Nazi would be able to figure out where you were. Then, well... It was the last cigarette you and your two buddies ever had. So three on a match is bad luck. Thanks. Did you know you shouldn't light three cigarettes with a match? We got our stake. Now we need to find our guy in Gillett's bank. He's just as crooked as the next guy. You'd think he'd have more important things to do with tax payer dollars. Factors that weren't clear to me until now. That was it. We had our crew. Now we needed the Mark. Suits used to say that in any con, sooner or later someone's going to start asking the right questions. Usually, it takes a little longer. So you want to know how to play the Big Con. You never know when you can use a crooked cop. I'm not saying anything. Besides, you're one to talk. You're the one who's got me on my knees in a dark alley. Isn't it always? We can't all be model citizens such as yourself. Just the last three weeks. Gee... What makes you say that? The Anti-Christ? And I think it's because of this redhead... What? No. Use the bathroom on the plane! Then he had to bang it out across the street at the Bank of the Caymens... That's it. What do I always tell you guys? Don't spend it all. Sooner or later we're going to run into some bad luck. Save some. Put it away, so when shit like this happens, you're not desperate. That's it. The gig's up. We'll use the Euc. Eight A.M. flight. And all you need to do for your ten percent is put some paperwork through and push a button tomorrow. Uh... No thanks. I'm not going all the way to Brooklyn for a hundred dollar pay-off. She got one leg out from under him. Now we had to lean. She's up for it. Here's what's going to happen. Gordo, we need to find a guy in Gillette's bank. Miles, we need papers, corporate, insurance... No, not "whatever." You're either in or you're out. We pay better. We meet him with corporate papers, inquiring about a corporate loan for start up capital. The corporate papers are in order, but we need things to happen fast. Our guy fudges numbers in the right places, moves our papers to the top of the pile or to the bottom, depending upon what we need. We get fifty percent. And we get clear of the King. Two million. Yes, her. Where's my wallet? Tonight. Just me. Leave him. Someone's going to find him eventually. Then they'll start looking for us, too. You know what we're doing with the money. Well, this is just fucking great... It can buy you a new and better you. Probably some investment banker or convertible-bonds-broker-dickhead. Did you see how fast he ran out of here? It's done. He's not coming back. What? I can feel you looking at me. I told you, use less powder. I think I just broke my hand. No thanks. I'm good. You're not going to bust out baby oil and start rubbing me down or anything, are you? Excuse me? No, you listen. We're partners now and even though I'm running the show for you, I'm still running the show. That means I get a little respect. So I don't want to hear anymore of this Scooter, Buddy, Junior, Skippy, Tiger, bullshit. It's Jake. And I gotta tell you, for a guy who spends all his time in a gym, you could be in better shape. Nothing ventured, nothing gained. I need you to stake me. I can't do it without it. It's just a couple hundred grand. Taken out of our cut when we're done. I need you to stake me. I think two million. Why? We got caught. So you know it won't happen again. No. Just confidence. I'll get the money back, plus interest. I go on the grift for you. You get a cat, I get a cut. And we get square. Because you killed one of my crew. Let me rephrase -- I won't do that. I can't do that. I apologize for the inconvenience. You can't cheat an honest man. I guess it lacks a certain style. Minus one. I have a good crew. Jake. You can call me Jake. Here and there. Kennedy. International terminal. Gordo with a black suitcase. You got Moonan under control? Something stupid. Wouldn't dream of it. Oh yeah. Moonan. I remember now. Thanks. Gunther? I think I'd remember a Gunther. Hey, listen... If you guys don't pay your taxes, that's your business. That tip not work-out for you fellas? All the shit we pulled with you and you're trying to shake us down? You guys got sack. What are you talking about? Ten's standard. Thank you, sir. You know, I hope this isn't too much of an inconvenience, but if Carolyn is coming down for the weekend, perhaps I could give you something for her? It's a check. We split the cost on a few books and I haven't had the chance to pay her back yet. Could you..? Very much so. Thank you. Actually, it's our first anniversary this weekend. She thinks I'm here to pick up something for my mother, but it's actually a gift for her. Think I've fooled her? My wife and I are just taking a little vacation. Well, it certainly is a coincidence. Here of all places! How is Mrs. Lewis? Jake. Jake Pearson. I go to lawschool with your daughter. Carolyn. We met once or twice. What about this situation makes you think I can answer that question right now? Help me. LISTEN to me! We don't have much time. We can still get through this but you have to keep your head and trust me! Listen to me! It went to shit. It happens sometimes. I had to! That motherfucker was about to welch! You saw what he was doing, right? You heard him! I lost my head. I'm... Sorry. I don't know what happened. What do you want? An apology? You tell them the "Tale". What do you get, Lily? Finder's Fee? Because it is all about the money, right? It's me. It's Jake. Listen... It's happening. Gordo's landing right now. Meet me at the Euclid... For your cut, I mean. It's... I want you to have it. Sorry. I didn't know... I'm going to say this one last time for you, so take a deep breath and count to ten. There is no cut. So there it is. You got that big itch you need to scratch. It's all about the fucking money. What do you want, an apology? What about what? There are three people I trust -- him, him and a guy who got killed. I don't know who you are! You're like some stray dog that wandered into the house. So I'm telling you to cut loose of this. No one's looking for you, Not the King, not Moonan and not Gillette. Just go wherever it is you would go. It's over. Hey, we fucked once, honey. That hardly makes you a good judge of character. And don't think I didn't know you were working some angle with that either. No, I'm not going to take it easy. You can't stay clear of this guy. He will be on this until the end of time. No. You trusted him... You were just getting square. Did, uh... Did you kill him? Lily... Jesus Christ... He was looking out for you. Glenn talked you out of it. You guys got busted. This is a great neck. Yeah, the sensitive guy-thing never worked for me. You want to talk about an old boyfriend right now? Sounds respectable. I SAID, HOW DO -- Deal with that? How do you deal with -- Don't ruin this for me. Intuition. No. You have another part? You'll know what to do. Intuition. It doesn't make you Yoda. Like tonight. You killed that guy tonight. But I knew you would. I'm good at it. Lying, cheating, manipulating... I'm good at it. Good quality porn has it's place in the world. Not in that repressed anger sort of way. Are you asking me if I have something to prove? It's what I do. It's my job. For what? A couple hundred bucks? Off the record, I'm this close to cutting someone in on the action if it'd help. What about this? Do you have any idea what this means? You've killed us. We're dead! But the fucking Grand Poo-Bah of all jinxes? A bird in your house... You just put a mother of a jinx on us. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Honey, this is Mr. Lewis. Carolyn Lewis's father. Mr. Lewis, this is my wife, Lily. I don't trust anyone. We're going to rope this banker tomorrow and you gotta at least look classy, if not be classy. You gotta do this thing and I don't even know if you can. And some new clothes. You need to get a haircut. Don't worry about it. Hey, I got it! Take some mental notes. You just might learn something here. Take a deep breath. You sound like you just broke up with your boyfriend or something. I'll worry about Customs. Just play a part. A little acting. You get an equal cut. I just have a good feeling about you. Haven't you ever had someone say they had a good feeling about you before? We had to see what your deal was. I'm just a little superstitious. Alright! Hold up. You win. You got the job. We have work. It pays a lot. Unless you figure on getting rich lifting wallets while old guys feel you up. You're working Daffy's block. He was going to break your kneecaps. Pick- pockets can be so bitchy sometimes. I told him you were with us, so that's two you owe me. Take a deep breath and count to ten. It's not that kind of work. You're Lily, right? You interested in a little work? We're not cops. And we got rid of the red head. Feeling lucky today, Miles. Found a penny -- Heads up. There was an empty cab right outside my building. We hit every green light. Do you even remember Al? Do you remember what he looked like sitting there? No, no, no! Not this time. I am doing this for your own good! You guys have got to learn when to stop. You with the Armani! You with the hookers! There is no scam! I've got a fucking sign on my back! I can't leave town now and come back with a suitcase full of money. You get it? It's over. We walk. So this is our boss, right? He chases me and Miles out of his office and he's yelling and screaming, "You're fired! Your whole team's fired!" He starts looking for Lily, Lupus, Gordo -- But if you wanna talk about bad luck... Him. What you're looking for in a mark is someone who's weakness you can exploit. No, the corporate papers have to be legit. But you gotta score an I.D. A clean one. Talk to Suits. I gotta get us a Banker. I'm getting clear of this. If you're not going to do it for the fucking principle, do it for the money. Gordo? We're getting a little old for running. Yeah, well we never had this kind of problem before. Then what do you want to do, Miles? Run? It never worked before because A, they didn't flush the bank enough; B, their corporate papers were for shit; C, they didn't have someone on the inside with Customs. Good point. What? Because that's who the King Pin wants us to fleece. And Gillette's perfect... Breasts. No. Big con. One rag. One rag and we get out from under all this. But we need another Shill. We're working for the King. Now you're an accomplice in a homicide. Everything you thought you were in control of just flew out the window or is dripping down your leg. I'm getting a ride. Meet me at my place later. Just mail it to the hospital. Mr. King, please. It's regarding an accounting problem. Yes... Correct... I know where it is. That will be fine. Thank you. He'll find us. We go talk to him. It's bad luck. Miles... Yeah. Stop waving that thing around. Then shut up. If you wanna help, then help. If not, shut up. This is embarrassing. I know it's policy, but... The thing is... It's our first anniversary and we're only in town for the weekend. It's a very, very special night for my wife and I. This ring is my gift to her and I think she's going to really love it. I can give you phone numbers to call for people who'll vouch. I can send you I.D. later... I understand that, but I had my wallet stolen last night. Is there any way..? Thank you. Sorry, I'm just a little anxious to give it to her. You take out of state checks? A ring for my wife. A lot like that one. In fact, it was that one. You're sure? This is... Just a complete disaster. You know, this is kind of embarrassing, but my wallet was stolen yesterday and I'm afraid the ticket was in it. But the name's Pearson. Excuse me? I believe you're holding something far me under Pearson. And like in a game of chess, you've played every possible move in your head... HE GOT CAUGHT! Your boss tried to pull a switch and he got us all fucking pinched! Eee Oott Auught! Stand up. Egg Foo Young. Stand up. That's what I like about you, Lupus. You're a free thinker. Don't let the King tell you different. What's up with you? Bladder infection? That was fucking deep. He's wheeling around two million dollars in cash and he wants to stop to use the bathroom. You believe this? Let me ask you something... You really think I'm going to come this close, this fucking close and let my guard down? I'll get square with your boss. I'll get square with whoever did Al. I'll get square with everybody. Then I'm going going to cash in my chips and be on my way to a new and better me far away from here. Oh, you know... Don't fuck this up. I'll kill you. I'll kill your family. I'll shoot your dog... All the usual. Then he said good luck. Point, Lupus. Give us a point. My fucking heart bleeds. Of what? They're both crooks. Don't worry, I'll settle up with your boss. We haven't skipped town yet. I'll find the time. When this is all over, you're going to tell me who the King put on Al. Can't do it Suits. I can't lay down for this one. I want to get out from under all this for good. And I want to fuck them all doing it. It's not history. I can handle it. The King. Can't say. A little bit of both. Huh? Oh. She's alright. Pretty much. Pretty much. Aces, Suits. Just a tip. I try. We got a good thing going here. You want to blow it over an overbite? Confidence. It's just confidence. Ten percent.Harder. Remember, I killed your buddy. Come on. Harder. Come here! Come here. Feel this. Look at you, you skinny prick. I said take off your fucking shirt. Listen, Scooter -- Hey Skippy? Do I have the word "chump" tattooed on my forehead? That's more than you already owe me. What happens if you fuck this up? Stake you? What do you need from me? Permission? Go! If you can fleece him for two million, then do it, Kid. How much? You ask a lot of questions. Come on. Let me see 'em. I' ll be honest with you, Kid. A grifter comes in here with a fifteen hundred dollar D-K-fucking-N-Y suit, cooler than an Eskimo in winter and tells me he wants to grift for me? First thing I have to ask myself is, is he playing for me or is he just plain playing me? You tried it once. Fucking grifters! I love it! You got balls, I'll give you that much. Buddy, that was business. Besides, you have more crew. Then there's you... Let me repeat -- Why not? Why not? Honest mistake. Just give me the money back and all will be forgiven. You can't cheat an honest man. But a man like Lionel Dolby... Of course, your line of work's only as good as the people you find. You know, back in the day, grafting was considered a gentleman's racket. Good suits, good food... The Underworld of the Underworld. A grifter had to survive on his wits, his instincts... I like that. I like the idea of that. These days, things being what they are, guys like me gotta stay low. It's all take, take, take. You can't just be fucking witty about it. Minus one. Here and there, Scooter? Here and there like Boston, Chicago, Houston? The bay area? Some action in London, 'til it turned nickel and dime. Or how about that little stint down in Miami? Heard you actually got into some trouble with the Feds down there. You guy's pretty good? Grifter huh? Where have you been on the grift? Couldn't been here long 'cause I would have heard of you, Skippy. Good. Good. Do not let Vig out of your sight. So do half the other people in this place. How do I know which one? Speak. A Fed? Is he close? Consider him part of your crew. Consider him a part of me.What about... The money? What -- What do we do? Oh Jesus! I can't be here! You understand? I can't -- Y-y-you fucking shot him! That's what happened!You were right. He's trying to fuck you. You want it, you gotta get it at the airport... Sorry. What? What happened? No offense, but I've seen you fight. You gotta be kidding m- What? You really like that bitch don't you? I gotta tell you, I was pretty convinced that the whole thing before was blowing her off for her cut. You know how it is, get her to do some shit for you, throw her a bang to keep her happy. But, if you're into her... That's cool. Keep it up. Maybe he's got it right. Maybe we're all just looking for a safe place to shit. You're a weasel. So that's it, huh? You get the cops to give you a safe ride. What'd he say? Point is, you don't go through with this, he's going to go after you next. And he don't even like you, Jake. Your buddy. That fat guy. The King couldn't wait to have that guy whacked. He didn't even know who the guy was, but he was so pissed off at him, he gets him drilled. It ain't personal. It's business. Exactly. 'Cept this Gillette guy. He gets to walk around in three piece suits, hob knob with the Mayor, own a bank, that kinda shit. Meanwhile, the King sits holed up in the steam, afraid to even take a leak without me or Harlin watching the door. What I'm saying is, is that the King ain't gonna care. See he had a real thing with getting this Gillette guy, If you ask me I think he's jealous. King ain't gonna like this. You going to have the time? I got it figured out... He's got this thing with bathrooms. If he makes it through Customs, he'll be heading for the john. He's landing. He's got a suitcase on wheels. I don't think so. Their Fix gave us the heads up and Jake's got a plan that'll probably keep him off. Coupla things. They got this Fed looking around and the girl just split. What?I gotta work off some of this adrenaline. I got a line on this Pawn Shop guy over in Brooklyn. Anybody want in? It's not like she's a real redhead, Jake... This might just be me, but that is hands down, the dumbest fucking idea I've ever heard. Fuck that. We're going too. We're going to give him the money back? We sure Big Al threw him to us? You're pissed we didn't get credit? So what? We hide, right? Mob? What's a King Pin? Who's that? Jake? Customs? And we got rid of the red head. Escorts! What do we do? We change the scam? But the best part was that he couldn't find Gordo! He was in the bathroom. So he finally goes in there, kicks in a stall door and starts yelling! And there's Gordo, pants at the ankles, holding a PC World Magazine! Where the hell is she? You sure? Michelle Strigo. Loan officer. Is it all fugasi? Yeah, well we're still a little young for Albany State Prison. Are you pissed about Al? I'm pissed too, but I'm not like "twenty-five to life" pissed. What are you talking about? Yes we have. And we would have been beautiful about it. We would've had a bucket of chicken delivered to the King with a nice kiss my ass card attached to it. Then we woulda moved on 'til the next local putz caught on. We never had a problem with that before. Yeah, or D, it's a dumb fucking idea... I'm just thinking out loud here, but... Two million in a briefcase? Uh... Why? What do we need another Shill for? Wait a second... Who's the mope? You better hurry. The police will be here any second. I don't really understand my motivation with this. Why am I washing glasses? How do you know the King's going to let you walk? Do we want insurance? I'm just asking... Just an idea, but let's just fucking split. We'll meet up anywhere. Akron or Austin or Atlanta. Anywhere... Sorry. I'm just... Look what they did to him. Right in the middle of his egg-foo-young. I was supposed to meet him for breakfast. He likes that new IHOP they just opened, you know... He likes to order that thing. The Rutti- Tutti-Fresh and Fruity thing they got. You better get over to Al's. Now. You sure we're clear? My place. Your mess. Tick-tock...Sure. Take it from me, you never do. But congratulations. Nice to be married, isn't it? Attractive girl. What brings you down from Boston, Jake? Taking advantage of the long weekend? Great. Thank you. Of course. Jake. Nice to see you. Sorry, I --Okay. Here's the thing... You fall flat, you might not get anything short of stiffed. Then it's Blue River Land for everybody. Papers like these are dangerous because papers tend to multiply, then they start to take shape. Usually it's the shape of an arrow. I hate to do it, but after this, I gotta give you the blowoff. We Jake, Jake? Still time. Then I gotta say, in my opinion, you can't get what you want. So what do you want? I don't doubt your talent. You looking for that place in the hall of fame? The King? Jake, you play the heavy rackets like that... They put the lug on for nothing at all. Then who's the Banker? I saw you go up from the Knecker, working that Grind, learning the Barnard's Law and I thought, "the kid's a prodigy." But I know that if you're using these goods... So then I figure, what's worth that? You're either looking for a little history or a retirement fund. Who's the Mark? Hey, I been on the ramp all my life, so I got no problem with the way you help yourself, Jake. Try and keep up... You ask for the Advantage Goods, then you guys come in looking to be Bean Traps. So I gotta think you're either working the mace or playing the Jug Mob. Can I speak to you in confidence? In over your head? Not easy pickin's. Papers like these speak to larger issues. Sorry about Alfonse. You into something big?Hey, great they're back. That's not something to joke about. What? No, I'm was worried that... I was just wondering what's taking so long. I wonder what time it is. Seems kind of late. Mmmmm, this is tasty. Hey, um... ...what kind of animal is that? Thank you. Um, yeah sure, I guess. So, you live here alone... I mean with just your brother? He left! Is your brother ready to go? Christ, you scared the shit out of me. OK. Well, yeah, kind of. How much further? Don't worry, I'll be right back. OK, whatever. Let's go get your brother's truck. Faster we get the truck, faster we get out of here. I guess I'll try to back it out on the rim... at least to the main road. Which way? What about the tree? Where's that? No, no I think it's really interesting. But suppose for a second you did. But if you did. You see me and my friends are writing a book on offbeat roadside attractions. You know all the crazy shit you see when you drive cross country. Yeah, I was never that big of a western fan. I like science fiction. You mean John Wayne? The Duke? No, really. How long have you been running this place? Almost there. I can't believe what I'm seeing. Didn't look like chicken to me, more like fried pussy cat. Whatever, at this point all I care about is food. I'm starving and I got a fucking killer headache. Thanks. And the spare is safely sitting in Jerry's garage. You're a real fucking piece of work. Jesus Christ, Jerry. I hope you fixed the spare like I asked ya. Gee, ya think it wouldn't be too much trouble. OK, let's relax. I'll check it, maybe I'm wrong. Don't everybody freak out just yet. Fuck. I think we blew a tire. Oh yeah, I heard about that. I always thought it was bullshit. She looks like she stinks. Way out here? What's that? I don't know. How much further? Wake up the chicks and bust out the camera awesome? How awesome? I'll pump the gas. Go inside and see if it's worth thinking about. Perfect. I dunno... we'll ask around as we get closer. Man, I really don't want to run out of gas out here in the middle of Petticoat Junction, man. Oh yeah, I remember now. Yeah. Shit, we really need to find some gas. Hold on, I've heard this before... but I can't remember the end. Hot has got nothing to do with it. Dude, talk about baggage, that ain't no carry-on shit, that's some heavy duty Samsonite shit. I thought she tried to murder a witness for the prosecution. Oh yeah, I forgot about her. She was pretty hot. Yeah, no shit. Better than pissing... anyway so, what's your choice? Yeah but, she reminds me of this chick that I remember from fourth grade... called a... shit, what did we call her? Oh yeah, Patty Pee-pee Pants... when ever she got called on by Miss Chumski, this chick would piss in her pants and start bawling. Sqeaky! No way, she ain't that hot. Don't look back, just get in the car. Yeah, I'd say at this point all we can do is just wait it out. There's nothing else. Man, it's already ten thirty. Just grin and bear it. What's he so excited about? Yeah, maybe R.J. could just tow us and our car to the nearest garage. Fuck! We are fucked! He won't move. I like sleep. It won't work. I gotta open the gate. Quiet. Just sit back and enjoy the show. Well, ya can't complain I never take you anyplace. Whatever it is just do it. The more we play along the faster we'll get the hell out of here. Don't worry, I'll be quick. Just stay here, no sense everybody getting drenched. Forget it. I'll just go. Fine! I'll go straight! Fine. I'll go straight. Well, I got some bad news and some bad news. Hey, he moved. There's not enough room. There's a dog in the road. Where ya headed? We can't leave her out here in the rain... maybe we can just drop her at the next rest area. It's a girl. We'll need pictures of the inside too.Well fuck me Side Sally, who want to read about all that horse shit anyway. Y'all find us country people real funny like don't ya... well, God damn pack up the mule and sling me some grits, I'ze a gotta get me some schooling. I don't. I don't drive cross country. I figured that much. Why the fuck you asking so many jackass questions for? Hell, boy there some other Duke you know about? A great American. Yeah, my Pa wasn't right in the head after that. Shit, I don't remember exactly. I took over for my Pa just after the Duke nabbed the Oscar. How long is a piece of string? Too God damn long, that's how long. Yeah, yeah, sure. You don't have to get all True Grit all over my ass... I'll give'm to ya... you can knock yourself silly for all I care. Yeah, they weren't here but a few minutes, didn't really have time to get as up close and personal as I do with most of the assholes that wander through here. And I gave 'em directions out there, up by the old farm row... I figured what's the harm. Stupid kids probably going out to piss up a rope and got themselves turned around backasswards and got lost as shit. Aw, she was with some nosey, smartass high-rise kids. They were poking around... asking stupid questions. Hmmmmmmmmm? Well, I'll try but I don't know nothing 'bout nobody. I'm a guy who likes to mind his own business, if ya get what I'm saying. Officers, officers what can I do for you today? I ain't fried up the birds yet... if that's what you're ring a ding dinging about. Fuck your grandmother. Ya hear me? You bust that crapper and I'll beat your ass. Yeah, now there's the perfect woman. I always loved that mute broad that Chuck Heston was shacking up with. Goddamn. I'm sure that ain't the only place he's sticking those pencils. What? Worse than a fucking rabid baboon. Christ, ain't they all. All them retards wanna do is fuck and eat. Fascinating. The retard over at Molly's fruit stand. Hmmmmm.A missing girl. I use'ta go to school with her, she just up and disappeared some day... real weird. Hey, wait take this. Holy crap, thanks! Ummmm... two hundred and eighty-five dollars. Actually it's G. Ober... Gerry Ober, but the guys drew in the other O, fucking assholes. Yeah, yeah... ...I like to fuck shit up. You all sure are buying a lot of holy water for two people. You all having a Halloween party tonight?You find something, Georgie? That's the understatement of the year. Shit, I wonder what these kids did to bring this much hell down on 'em. Recover any bodies? Holy Jesus, somebody had themselves a field day beating the shit outta this thing. What'd we here, Georgie? Open up the trunk. Well Christ boy, don't stand there like a prize dog dick with his butthole caught up a tree. What'd ya got there?Please don't kill us, please don't kill us. I agree. The lions were totally covered in this guy's blood... I think they ate his face off, tore open his rib cage, pulled his legs off... it was a wild scene. Cool. I always hate saying the word cheese, every time you get your picture taken... smile, say cheese. Huh... what cone? What? Deadwood, is that what it's called? Cool, will you show us? Really, wow, so it's really a real thing. Yikes. Really, that's a long time. Jesus, you think she was really gonna cut you? I know, this is fucking nuts. Tasted pretty good. Hey, I asked you if you wanted some chicken. Oh, don't worry she didn't get offended by what I said. You two got to lighten up... right, Bill? No problem. Don't forget the flashlight, it's pretty dark out there. Tire's fucking gone crap on us, man. There's no saving it now. Well, technically I did what ya said. Yeah, I fixed it. Well, I ain't... um, I can't remember. I think I took it out to fit the bags and forgot to put it back. I'll help ya. What was that? No... yeah, they ripped him to pieces while his family watched from the car. The wife is screaming, the kids are crying. Some dude in another car filmed the whole thing. That reminds me of a film I saw once of a guy who got out of his car at Lion Country Safari to take a picture of a lion cub and got eaten by the lions. Cat fight, cat fight. It's a hitchhiker. Come on, we need something like this. It could be the real deal. It's too far out of the way to come back to. I'm not exactly sure... it looks close. Did we pass an abandoned school bus yet? Keep straight on this road here. Hell yeah. Really fucking awesome. Holy crap. You gotta see this place. It's awesome. OK, Boss. I hope this place is cool. We could use something interesting to liven up chapter 12. Don't panic yourself, way too much caffeine guy... I see a sign. Captain Spaulding's Museum of Madmen and Monsters... cool. Also... fried chicken and... gasoline... next exit. Yeah, no shit I just told ya. Hey, you think this place called Alien Ed's UFO Welcoming Center is still around? It says, "Where the Fact is separated from the Fantasy." Then the devil says, "are you gay?" Guy says, "fuck no"... Devil says, "Well then, I guess you're gonna hate Thursdays." Then the devil asks, "do you drink?" Guy says, "yeah"... devil say, "wonderful, Wednesday is free drinks night, best booze you ever had... all made from the finest stuff." So, the guy goes to Hell and the devil says, "do you smoke?" The guy say, "yeah"... the devil say, "great cause Tuesday is cigar night, sweetest Cuban cigars you ever had." Yeah, I guess... hot chicks are always nuts. I'll let it slide, she was only seventeen. Fuck yeah, she is. I'd join a cult to get some of that... and the best part is she didn't try to kill the President or nothing, so that baggage ain't hanging around. As far a hot... goes I gotta go with... Ruth Ann Moorehouse. If we're talking cute... like regular cute, I'd say Leslie Van Houton, but cute ain't hot. There always one kid with no bodily controls. We had this dude, Jeff Baxter, he was a puker. The fucker would just sit there puke all over himself. She's pretty cute. Really? Huh, I thought for sure you'd say Lynette Fromme. She's got that snooty vibe I know you dig. Someone is out there... ...help, we're in here! That was good babe, just keep doing that. I know, but we can make it out of here. We can do it. Think, think. Try to open the lid, try to kick a hole in the wood. Shhhhhh. I don't know, I think he's funny. Hey, I'm just waiting for Cousin Itt to show up. Yes, thank you. Thank you very much. Dude, your chick's a little high strung. Hey, nice outfit Billy Bob. When? I don't... ...I just thought it was weird. I don't know, I just thought it was interesting. These dates perfectly correspond with the time frame of our beloved Dr. Satan working at the looney bin. I'll bet he amputated her arms. Blah, blah, blah... it doesn't say, but she was released sometime in 1937, only to reappear as Ellie Bogdan, the arm-less wonder. Says she, "criss-crossed the United States constantly in carnivals and freak shows until her death in 1946." Now she was put in the nuthouse in 1930 at the age of 16. It says, "records show that Ellie Thompson was born in 1914 of normal physical stature and lived a life of normal bearings, until such time that she was placed in the care of the Willows State Mental Facility." Yeah, in this book there's a chapter called Self Made Freaks about how people would mutilate themselves in order to work in a freak show. It mostly talks about tattooed people and wild men of Borneo and shit like that, but there is one mention of a single case where a woman was suspected of having her arms removed on purpose to become an arm-less wonder. Hey, listen to this... I think this is related to our Dr. Satan. Hey, maybe she knows where this is? Fried chicken. Anybody want some? Aw, come on. It will be fun. This isn't everything. Get ready for this... there's a Museum of Murder and Mayhem. Great, you're back. Let's go. We already paid for the tickets. Grab Mary and come inside. Please, let us go, we won't tell anybody. Great. Oh, you mean on TV. Firefly... mmmmm odd name. Mrs. Firefly, do you know anything about the legend of Dr. Satan? I've been meaning to ask you, Mrs... Ummmm. Didn't ya think, Mary? Great. I thought I felt a certain attraction between Mary and Tiny soon as he walked in. I was just kidding. And I'm gonna help put the razor blades in the candy apples. I don't doubt that. Well, I thought I'd maybe take in a hoedown. Um, I'm Jerry... that's Bill... Denise and Mary. Oh, right. Hey, maybe the guy with the tow truck could drive us to a phone. Negative. Shit, we are so deep in the sticks we could walk for hours and find zero. This is way too fucked up for words. OK lassies, I think it's time you get to gripping reality. Hold on, hold on! Everybody calm down! It's the tow truck guy. Oh, don't blow everything out of proportion. Huh? I'll go. It's my fault. I think we should go straight. I mean we know for a fact there ain't nothing back that way, right? We hit the jackpot! Let's roll, good buddy. We got ourselves a convoy. Shit, it is only sprinkling and it's worth the trouble. Hold on for two seconds. I'm gonna go ask him.Well, just promise me you'll be careful... alright, alright see ya soon... good-bye. Well, don't take too long, the kids are already knocking down the door demanding their sugar fix... I know, I know I forgot to mention that Halloween falls on a school night, so they're trick or treating tonight... I got the joint decked out this year, built a graveyard in the front yard like when you were a kid. Oh yeah, yeah I've driven by that place before. I seem to remember a crabby old bastard in a crummy clown suit running the place. Hello... ...hey Denise... what, what's wrong, did you break down? Right. Call Wydell. Tell it to my daughter. We gotta break it open. Over here, inside the smokehouse. Shhhh... you hear that? Where we headed? My Denise is a smart girl, she wouldn't do anything stupid, and her boyfriend, he always seemed like a good kid. Christ, four kids couldn't just disappear. Fit the profile? George Willis... ...any leads? I pray to God there is. Christ, you know it's crazy... I lived through so many other people's nightmares, you know. Always cool and calm, but... but I never thought I'd be the one needing help, ya know? What about the body you found? Dr. Satan? That's it? Yes, sir.Yes, sir. Huh? Keys. Fuck, go to the car... call for backup. Tell 'em officer down. Jesus Christ. Shit... fuck procedure. I ain't got a warrant. Yeah, I hear it... where's it coming from? Shit, don't these packrat hillbillies throw anything away? Turn up this road. No they couldn't, somebody had to see something. No, not really. Good kid, never been in any trouble. Local girl, Karen Murphy, been missing for a couple months, figured for a runaway. Hey. We found one. Wydell. Right... ...come on. Don't worry, we'll find her. Yeah it's horseshit, just some boogieman crap that the kids like to scare each other with. I guess not. Sounds like a bad idea to me, probally just get in the way. You sure this guy's supposed to ride with us? Seems kind of weird. Plates match. What. Hulk was dumb as shit. You know, his senses start tingling... when he was approaching danger and shit. You know, your hyper sensitive Spidey senses... like Spider-man... ...you know, like in the comics. Your Spidey senses tingling. Boss, the way I see it is these kids probally stop off somewhere, bought a bunch of booze and are off getting shitfaced. Right.You, my dear worm feeder, are about to become immortalized. Oh, come now... we're all creatures of God and freaks in our own way... ...but if you'll notice... right here, needs a little something, heh? Oh, it's real... as real as I want it to be, mamma... ...look, see the magic in my brush strokes. Behold... The Fish-Boy! Let's go see. Well, Bill... he's a good guy, he's been great help to me... a real blessing... I couldn't have asked for a better specimen. I mean you don't know what a dry spell I've had, total block... ...total block... but Bill he's OK. Doing what? Messy up your day? Well, fuck lady there are some bigger issues at hand... than your fucking have a nice fucking day bumper sticker shit! Well, go get her. Get in... now! Yes! I'm the one who beats you when you're bad... I'm the one who brings the devil's brandy... Go down stairs and play nice... I'm a gonna go 'round back and handle things like I always fucking do. I'm sure there's more than that... fucking pigs always travel in packs... ...here, take this. What! God damn, how many? I ain't sure that you really need to know. It's better you go home still dreaming about your kitty cats and puppy dogs.Yeah, I remember Mr. Alacard the shop teacher use'ta call you Little Dick Wick. Hey, wasn't there a song we made up to go with that? I hear ya. Can I get some stamps off ya? Did you fix the toilet yet? Nova, yeah she looked pretty sweet. Had to take him to the hospital. Kid had Dr. Zaius stuck half way up his butt, couldn't get it out. Naw, he don't do anything else with 'em, but he did get caught once with a Planet of the Apes doll hanging out his asshole. Yeah, doesn't hurt himself, just spins it around next to his eyeball. Yeah, I guess, you know next to wacking his weasel his other favorite thing is twisting sharpened pencils in the corner of his eyes. Well, yeah... I think that if you knew him... I mean if you'd understand his urges, shit the guy's like forty or something. That kid is one horny retard. Yeah, he's all hot on her after he found some of his dad's old nudie books hidden in the basement. He keeps 'em taped inside his school workbook. Shit, this ain't worth nothing now that my name gotten all over it. I was a fixin' on trading it to Jackie Cobb. I... I got back a stack today. Some nice shots. See, a good topless June Wilkinson... unfortunately she personalized it... to Stucky, love June.Course I can't do much "wriggling" if you tie me up like that again. Massey -- this is one bad bad little girl. She said "penetrate." Heh heh heh. And -- there's no talking her out of it. Believe me, I've tried. You did good, Massey! Baby. You are so HOT! ...and one day, this sweet girl calls me, asks me to lunch. Just a shoulder to cry on deal. One thing leads to another and before I know it -- Here. Got pictures. Yeah. I know. Leather would be more practical, but whatcha gonna do? I told you we know each other, baby. Mr. Massey represented my ex-brother- in law. Martin Reiser? Why not? I'm going to have her for a lifetime. What part? A Wriggle Room! Maybe we should put that in the Malibu house. Screw the screening room! Well -- at the moment, that'd be me. Harvard? Whoa, Daddy! You know, Miles, after my wife -- wife's mastectomy -- things were never the same. This might sound cold, well, maybe not to you, Massey, but... I like my women with two boobs. I had no idea until after, but -- Well -- Marylin and Rex broke up and... Yep. My divorce just came through. Shoulda called you. Coulda cut a better deal! My wife still has health insurance and gets to see the children. But, I don't know. Guess I'm just a softie. After all Amanda and me were together for -- what -- you'd know better than me, Marylin. She was your best friend. She makes felt wallets. Got one right here. Few suicide attempts, little inpatient stint. Naturally, she misses her kids. Six weekends a year and alternate Yom Kippurs seemed harsh to us but -- hey -- all's fair. Anyhoo, she lives with a "nurse," takes her meds and goes to occupational therapy at a local sheltered workshop. After you, Doll.You're in a rush. Is that... one person? Who do you want me to kill? Who's the pigeon?Shut up. I was a lawyer. Just like you. And my clients? Whores just like you. Lemme tell you something. You are the pestilence. I'm the exterminator. You're calling me a pestilence? That's a hoot! Who's the pigeon? That's his lawyer. No... Mr. Dumbarton.Sustained. Mr. Massey? Who's next, Mrs. Rabinow. Grounds?I don't know, but don't call me Marylin. Huh? Who was that? So, that's good, right? Yes. I'm sorry to hear that. But you weren't close, were you? What do you mean, was. Yes? What? It's your move, Miles. Oh. I thought maybe -- Gee! No. I have the ring. Was I supposed to have a pre-nup? I have it. Well... I'm still... Is she Asian? I'm happy for you, pal. Miles! Don't waste time with someone else's queen, either. Doyle Oil? A Massey Pre-nup? She loves him. What? The Center Counter Defense. The thing is not to move your queen too early. Oh. That. Don't waste time with your queen. Got any symptoms? You're in check. I was going to play golf. You were going to have Asian girlfriends. We did not. Set one side for Bel Air. Why would you need two time zones? You never leave Beverly Hills. No frown lines. New watch? It's a form of botulism. I just inject it into your forehead, and it paralyzes your eyebrows so you can't raise them... You want Botox? Everyone needs plastic surgery. You need it. So. I won't be seeing her? Your clients usually visit me after the settlement.What is your husband's profession? Prior to your marriage, what was your profession? Mrs. Guttman, you have testified that you were your husband's sexual slave for thirty-six years, ever since you were married --So he says now! But if not for your cool headed intervention, his tantrum might have ended this schmoe's life and ruined his own... As for the sexual indiscretion which he imagined had taken place, wasn't it in fact he who had been sleeping with the pool man? Please -- was at the time brandishing your firearm, trying in his rage to shoot an acquaintance -- friend of long standing -- Your husband, who has beaten you -- repeatedly -- Yes. Your husband did show remarkable foresight in taking those pictures. And, yes, absent a swimming pool, the presence of the pool man would appear to be suspicious. But Bonnie, who is the real victim here? Let me suggest the following. Your husband, who on a prior occasion slapped you -- beat you -- I'd just like to have a word with her. Excuse me, Mr. Doyle, if I could just borrow your charming fiancee for a moment. -- and we are sure... And without it, that party is exposed -- a sitting duck. No wriggle room. -- understand what you're asking for here. The Massey pre-nup provides that in the event of a dissolution of the marriage for any reason, both parties shall leave it with whatever they brought in, and earned during. No one can profit from the marriage. The pre-nup protects the wealthier party. I just want to make sure that you both -- What a touching story. No! I... uh guess congratulations are in order. Muh -- Well, uh -- Huh? So she's uh, flourishing? And how is Mrs. Reiser? Oh. Right. Won't you have a seat? Mr. Dumbarton is, yes. Here's her picture... Well -- I, uh, that is to say Mr. Dumbarton -- would like you to uh, neutralize a, uh, business associate by the name of Marylin Rexroth Doyle Massey uh Dumbart -- uh, Massey. Excuse me? I am here representing Mr. Dumbarton, on a... matter of some delicacy. Marylin! What have I done? That was -- oh, shit. What if he's on his way over there? She's rich. We're still married. We have no pre-nup. Marvin says that Rex's will is four years old. He never redrafted it. Rex just had a massive coronary. In the middle of a business meeting. He's dead. He was Rex Rexroth's personal attorney. That was Marvin Untermeyer. My God. I already made my move, Kenneth. They won't get a conviction. The husband called it in as a suicide. The forensic guys weren't thinking murder. I'm sure some of the evidence was compromised. No. You have the ring. Wrigley has the pre-nup. You have the pre-nup? Asian? No. Thanks, buddy. He's the wrong man. Marylin Rexroth. She came into my office and signed a pre-nup with Howard Doyle. She can't really love that idiot, can she? What? Yes. The inability to experience pleasure. Do you think I'm going to end up like Herb Myerson, with a colostomy bag instead of a family? I should be in therapy. Denial is not a river in Egypt. You were going to be a Cardiac Surgeon. I was going to clerk for the Supreme Court. Botox. Christ. We had aspirations when we were in college. It was a gift from a client. It's a LeCoultre Revers. You can flip the face, and set it for two time zones. Why in God's name would I want...? What the hell is Botox? I don't need it. Not this one. Not unless her HMO covers plastic surgery, which, incidentally, she does not need. She got absolutely nothing. Zero. Zip. I thought so. Pre-Castro. Murder! Income tax evasion? You're forgetting Howard Doyle? You wounded me first, Marylin. But then -- I guess -- something inside me died when I realized that you'd hired a goon to kill me. Hard to believe this is the way it will end up for us. Hello Marylin. Marylin. Run. I'll distract him. Nonono. Marylin -- I'm your husband. I'd be entitled to Rex's money. No matter what happened to you. You were going to have this thug...? Wait! He works for YOU? Marylin! So did I. Now pack up a few basics and -- Please! Leave the house. No buts. Now. Out. You have to leave the house immediately! Marylin? That's blackmail. Did our marriage ever mean anything to you? Meaning my house. You're out of your league, Marylin. Rexroth was a primate. I'm a professional. You can't prove anything. Those are gifts. What kind of "stuff?" I'm clean with the IRS. I've reported every dollar I've ever made. Try again, girlfriend. The IRS? They owe me. I'm expecting a refund. Are you threatening me, because I'm sure that's a violation of the terms of your bail. What do you want? I don't believe you have "things." I don't know. Maybe I should grab my mace. I'm a civil attorney. I have little experience with "the criminal mind." Well. Well. Well. Look who made bail! I'm sorry, Darling. I love it. It's chic and timeless and elegant and eclectic and. It's you, Marylin. It is YOU. Can you Marylin? Can you return the trust? Can you return the hopes? The dreams? Can you just... SEND IT ALL BACK FOR STORE CREDIT? I love you. I want to have your baby. I bet. Hello Marylin. I think a nursery should be right off the master suite. My parents put mine in the guest house. Apparently they did have a Fisher Price intercom, but my mother turned it off when I was seven months old because I was so -- Exactly. And then -- maybe -- not right away -- There's a room right off the bedroom -- It would be perfect for a nursery. It's a walk in humidor right now -- but if I took out the refrigeration unit -- Good. Are those foods? Here's my card. Spend as much as you want. We get mileage. I know. But I've converted most of them into ridiculous "Guy" rooms -- a billiard room, a card room, a gym -- Honey, want you to go out, as soon as you feel up to it -- and buy married things. Woman things. Personalize it. Marylinize it. Make this your house. In fact, this is not a married house -- it's a bachelor pad. No. Stay. I want you close to me. This couch is wrong. It's not a "married couch." But? What I mean is, your wealth is completely protected. No. Judge -- just a sec. But Marylin, if we sign it, I can't hope to benefit from the marriage. Yes. Short notice you know, but I think there's nice closure to it. Hello Judge Muson. A pleasure as always. I have a watch. I don't have a ring! No ma'am. I have been asleep all my life up to this moment. Marylin, will you marry me? No. You do? Yes? Yes, you do have more experience? Yes. I am. What else could those words mean? I believe we belong together and we can make one another happy. And we should be happy because happiness is better than the alternative which is -- just jump in any old time, Marylin. You have more experience at this than I do. No... That wasn't right. I want YOU to be MY wife. I want to be your -- your wife. I want... I want to... And I'm not used to -- Marylin -- there's something I want to ask you. I have to say -- I'm speechless. No. I'm never speechless. Don't go. Stay with me for a while. No. That is bullshit! Mine is a bitch and yours is a psycho. I can't believe you're saying this, Marylin! There's nothing wrong with us. We're attractive and charismatic and successful and... I like us. No, we're not! Your mother was. Apparently she was very disappointed. No. She loved me. She would never not love her son. She just didn't... I wasn't her "type." She said I was a very, colicky baby. You know? Difficult. Not a good sleeper? Didn't eat well? We got off to a bad start, and she never seemed to recoup -- She never particularly cared for me. Hmmm... Yeah. Mom. Mom and brother. Me. Yes. Rex sent me two humidors full of pre- Castro Cubans. No. No. I don't have a... no. It was from a client. Yes. I just got that, actually. It was a gift. Thank you. No. Don't stop. I live right near there. The 800 Block of Maple. Come here. Marylin -- come here right now before -- just come here. You shouldn't be driving. Where are you? Marylin? Forgive me but are you -- drunk? Marylin? When did I say...? Yes? Marylin? Hello? No. Just to comfort you, and appreciate you -- More pictures? My God, Marylin. You can open an erotic art gallery. To victory. Although knowing you as I do -- there will be no settlement. This time it will be complete and total annihilation. I figure a couple of months. That's how long it should take for the ink on the settlement to dry. Well, when this goes south -- promise you'll have dinner with me? I am thrilled for you, but tell me this... How'd you get Howard to do it? I've addressed enough juries to appreciate the power of suggestion, but it seemed like he thought it was his own idea. Yes. He's a diamond in the rough. And I have a feeling that someday soon you'll be taking that diamond and leaving the rough. I'd like to offer my congratulations. That was a beautiful gesture of Howard's. No, that's not all. The Massey pre-nup has never been pene -- successfully challenged. But why him? Marylin! Listen to me. Passionate! He's a pervert. He should have to register when he moves. To him? He's a sick freak. -- we are both sure that's what we want? That is correct. Not to blow my own horn, but they devote an entire semester to it at Harvard Law. Oh, for the love of... Have you ever met Mr. Rexroth? And you hoped to spend the rest of your life with him? And you've always loved him? Oh, I'm a lot like you -- just looking for an ass to mount. Gotcha. He wants a reconciliation. No. I haven't. Have you? As a matter of fact, I'm a huge fan. No. Not really. You're not my client. Freedom of association. Big issue with the First Amendment fans. Want to go to Hawaii for the weekend? "Who ever lov'd that lov'd not at first sight?" I'll have the tournedos of beef. And the lady will have the same? I assume you're a carnivore. Why would you be here? But you don't agree? What does your lawyer think? Not yet. Do you have a hard heart, Marylin. Your husband told me you were beautiful, but I was unprepared. Isn't everything? Not according to Mrs. Rabinow. How nice. -- Ruth Rabinow, this is Rex Rexroth. And you must be Mrs. Rexroth. Yes, I know Howard Doyle. Excuse me? Yes? -- is not a challenge. I need something I can sink my teeth into, professionally speaking. Marylin Rexroth? When does she -- Please! No calls! I'm feeling very fragile. Herb wants to see me? Where does that leave us? ...why did she do it, Ruth? Why? I'll have you suspended. I'll have you disbarred. Don't give me that crap. That's MY crap. I don't have a pre-nup Did Marylin end up with money? He never ate the pre-nup, did he! He divorced his wife -- he married Marylin -- he divorced Marylin -- and he -- remarried his WIFE? What kind of sick -- Rephrase. Mrs. Rexroth, have you ever been in love? Are you familiar with Kirshner? Why not a hundred and fifty percent? Why only fifty percent, Ruth? Why not ask for a hundred percent? -- So much for the icebreakers. What're you after, Ruth? Heh heh. My client asks that you not initiate proceedings pending his setting certain affairs in order. My client proposes a thirty day cooling off period. My client is prepared to entertain an amicable dissolution of the marriage without prejudice. At this point my client is still prepared to consider reconciliation. What?! A yert. Ruth is a living legend, Rex. At a time when most women are in Boca, having early bird specials -- she's working so her husband can be in Montana. In a yert. So, Ruth. How's Sam? In anticipation of making you sick. And she had private investigators assisting her. I think that went as well as could be expected. Please -- let me handle this. Okay, Ruth, forget Kirshner -- what's your bottom line? So, you propose that in spite of demonstrable infidelity on your part, your unoffending wife should be tossed out on her ear? Nothing? The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, but in ourselves. Well, let me ask you this: what kind of settlement do you seek? What are, for you, the parameters of the possible? Mmm... And to cut to the chase, forensically speaking -- is there a pre-nup? And your wife is aware of or has evidence of your activities? Not in court you can't. Has she retained counsel? Well, with the expanding global population -- Let me ask you this -- your wife. Has she pursued the opportunities which must present themselves to the "knock-out, sexy woman" you described? Gotcha. No need to get anatomically correct with me, Rex. Ah. Time marches on. Ardor cools. Mm. That's her job. You have to respect that. Now Rex. Miles Massey. Please sit, relax, and consider this office your office, your haven, your war room -- for the duration of the campaign. Mr. Rexroth. Should we counsel fear -- or trust? Should we seek to destroy -- or to build? Should we meet our clients' problems with cynicism -- or with love? Yes. It's for your protection, sweetheart. You're the one with the -- the... We wanted Ruth here for your protection as well -- Do you have it? Kenneth this is my associate, Wrigley. Wrigley this is my friend, Dr. Beck. Wrigley? I know you would, Wrigley. But would Kramer? She owes me a meal. Get me Marylin Rexroth Doyle. She deserves every penny. They pay great athletes a fortune. Well, Marylin Rexroth is an athlete at the peak of her power. Ah, but is she richer than Mrs. Croesus? HA! Spoons! Honestly Wrigley, I'm surprised at you. What is this? Some Martha Stewart suggestion? Those are the most cockamamie things I've ever -- What are they? Is she going through with it? What the hell is wrong with you? I could be mentoring Kramer. Kramer clerked for Scalia. Am I mentoring the wrong mentee? Sometimes I have serious doubts about you. Wrigley! Video. Nothing. Divorce was her childhood aspiration? I see. And what were you going to tell us about Patty slash Marylin? Who's "Patty." Did you know Mrs. Rexroth was married? You were never invited to meet your son-in-law? Hard to believe I know. I'm sure you are frequently mistaken for sisters. And how would you define your relationship to Mrs. Rexroth. You know -- you are her...? Now, Mrs. Banderas. What is your relationship to Mrs. Rexroth.Sometimes I forget. You have some? My whole metabolism is -- off. Marylin. Dogs? Marylin? But Marylin, you know a divorce would ruin me right now. Everything I have -- everything we have -- is tied up in my business. The business is my entire life. Look, Marylin, can't we have a civilized discussion about this? Maybe I should reconsider my... She brought my digestive enzymes. She always looked out for me. What's Kirshner? Well -- is that possible? I know that sounds rough but I'm about to close on a deal to develop some mini-malls, and I'm mortgaged up to my ass. If this deal goes south, I'm ruined -- I'll lose millions. That's the problem. I can't afford to give her anything. Video. I'm not sure. I don't know. I can assume... Seems like there's more of it than ever before -- You know what I mean when I say "it." No. Not exactly. It didn't exactly cool. Marylin is a knock-out. And very sexy -- but -- there's a lot of it out there. But then... But then... When I first met Marylin -- Well, we were crazy about each other. Not emotionally, of course. We just couldn't keep our hands off each other. ...Well, my wife has me between a rock and a hard place. Thank you. Rex, please.She's here now. I'm sorry, Mr. Massey, but I felt certain you'd want to know -- Marylin Rexroth wants to see you. Mr. Massey -- When you have a moment.He manufactures staples and industrial brad-tacks. He's very successful. I was a hostess. For Trans-World Airlines. Except for two years when he was in the Navy, in Korea.Extinguish? -- the coin? The Judge is here. Over here, Judge Munson. I tried to reach Ruth, but we couldn't get her. The plastic surgeon! I read about you in LA Style. Miles. I'd stay away from her, Miles. What...? She could buy and sell you ten times over. ...and I hear she's richer than Croesus. I'm sorry I'm late. I was having lunch with Ruth Rabinow's assistant. Guess what? Marylin Rexroth is divorced! Miles -- why so angry? Berry spoons. What do you think? I can't help it. Even with the business we're in, I -- it gets me every time. It's so -- optimistic. No. You're not. I am very sorry. Sorry. What the fuck...? And she has...? Wait... He wants to give her...?Better make it a week. That's my girl. No, nigger. They ain't men, Mae Rose. They're convicts. And nigger convicts to boot. Can you say nigger? It's a boy! Well, let's get a look at him. And the baby? Is Mae Rose okay?Not for me, it ain't. What am I gonna do out there, Ray? I can't go home to my mama like this. I'll get the strap for sure. Hell with him. It ain't that. Cost you a pair of nylons. Thought you'd never ask. Biscuit needs some gravy.At least the kid's getting out. Isn't this what you wanted? Look, I am truly sorry about this. I'd like to help you... I did, Claude. I mentioned you. I mentioned you both. But the fact is, pardons don't come cheap. The kid can hit. What can you do? Kid's getting out. I got him a pardon. There are ways around that. Right sergeant? Crawford's are always looking for new talent. Can't Get Right? That's the kid's name? Can I talk to him? We played down in Jackson yesterday. Heard a rumor you've got a boy up here who can hit the ball a ton.Sharp. Yeah... Do yourself a favor and find another place where they let you in the front door. No, but... Oh, no, Ray. Not tonight. Spanky's not happy with you.But you can't. Yeah, but what about me and Ray? I didn't see our names on that pardon. You said you were gonna put in a good word for us. Yo, Blocker, what's going on here? Maybe you didn't notice, but this is a prison. You can try, but you won't get too far. Why you interested? You probably mean Can't Get Right. That's him over there. We get the games on the radio sometimes. Nice girl like you don't belong in a place like this. But if you talk to Sylvia, tell her old Claude said congratulations. I'm too old for you. Besides, I'm not much in the mood. Take care of me? But I'm not on the outside. I'm in here. Married? Why not? She's alright, isn't she? Yeah. Sure, boss. Cool it, Ray. You're gonna get us in a lot of trouble. Goodnight, Mr. Wilkins. Mr. Pike. Yes, sir. You have to forgive me if I don't laugh. It's a hell of a lot longer when you're innocent. Over forty years now. Me and Ray Gibson out there. That's alright, boss. Takes a lot more than a colorful brochure to hurt my feelings. Yes, boss. As a pair of fur-lined bedroom slippers, boss. Here! You think you could make an exception just this once, boss? She came all the way down from New York. I got it... boss. Ray Gibson? No, no. He's the reason I'm in here, Daisy. For all I know, he's got a record a mile long. I got a better shot of getting out of here on my own. You tell Maynard to think about me, concentrate on me. Understand? A job, huh? Well, that's nice, real nice. You won't have to work long. I'll be back soon enough. After I start work at First Federal Bank of Manhattan, I'll be keeping you in style. Everything will get back to normal again. That's a promise. Yeah, that side of the family has all the looks and none of the brains. I hope he don't mess things up. Did you go see my cousin Maynard like I asked you in my letter? Come on, honey, let's get out of here. Sure it is. I just don't see any reason to rush into things. Damn, look at this shirt. I'll be right back. Engagement ring! Season tickets to the Yankees. Right there on the first base line. What's wrong, baby? Know what I'm going to buy with my first pay check? For the kind of money they charge here, you'd think they could hire somebody to actually wash the dishes. Ten dollars. But I need it to get home. Claude. That's my name. Claude. That's never happened before. I really shouldn't. I gotta keep an eye on my friend. I know it begins with a "C"... That's because I've never been here before. I know you're not talking to me... Well, if you must know, they could be closer. Yeah? You and what army? They're touching. No, this ain't gonna work either. It's half chocolate, half vanilla. Hell of a day, Ray. Yankees are on fire. You didn't get ketchup? I saw that hot dog guy in the bathroom urinating. He didn't wash his hands. I can't eat this. Never thought I'd hear Ray Gibson say that. Hell with you then. You'd only slow me down anyway. You don't want to hear it, you don't want to hear it. There's no shame in that. Shh! Is that so hard to believe? 'Course I was right. About what? Remember what that place looked like on a sunny spring day? More beautiful than any church I was ever in. What do you expect? It's almost as old as we are. Sure would like to see the house that Ruth built one more time. An erection, huh? Haven't had one of those in a while. Why don't he just tell 'em the truth? Don't call me soft, I hate it when you call me that. What'd you say? I can't do it. No, believe me, I'm gonna kill him! Don't shoot, sir. I can deal with this. Ray, buddy, you don't want to shoot this white man. See, you do that, they'll kill you for sure. And it's not that I like you or anything, but I've kinda gotten used to having you around. We'd be in the hole by now. Hey, man, you're peeing on my shoe. Some faces you just don't forget. Warren Pike's is one of 'em. Hey, there's Wilkins! I ain't spending a month in the hole so you can take a joy ride. Forget about that. You run if you want to, but you're not taking this car. And what will we do when we get there? I'm sixty-five years old, Ray. So are you. What are we gonna do out here? Get married, have kids, settle down? That boat sailed without us, man. Go where, Ray? You ain't getting out of that trunk. I ain't escaping! We're picking up the new super just like I told you. What the hell are you doing in that trunk?! Greenville. We're picking up the new Superintendent at the bus station. Wilkins' driver's got the flu, so he asked me to fill in for him. Don't touch that car. Goodnight, Ray. I'm not working on a plan. He's just a lonely old man. He likes to talk. Bullets weren't the problem. That pie was too hot. Burned my tongue. What?! I know, but since we're talking, I thought I'd mention it. I was sorry to hear about your mama passing. I hope you don't think I owe you anything. Because I don't owe you a damn thing. I'd have knocked you off those bottles, put a bullet in your ass and be half way to New York right now. You're a sucker. I'd have taken that deal. That's the way it is. The only thing I regret is the day I met you. Here's a news flash, Ray. We never were friends. We've just been stuck together for 12 years. It's been nothing but bad luck since the moment I ran into you. Every time I look at you I get sick to my stomach thinking about what my life could have been if I'd never bumped into Ray Gibson. Maybe you're fooling yourself, Ray. Maybe you're just a chip off the old block. I ain't getting in no airplane with you. I'm finally wrapping my mind around the concept. They threw us in this shithole for life. Don't you get it, Ray? We're gonna die here! Might as well head up to the cemetery, pick a plot and start digging. My plan is on his way to Pittsburgh right now. That congenital idiot just got himself a pardon signed by the governor thanks to us, but we can't seem to do nothing for ourselves. Don't you feel a little disgusted right now? They're called pilots! I'm serious, Ray. I'm not in the mood for one of your stupid, fucked-up plans right now. I'm not in the mood right now, Ray. You show them Crawfords how to play ball. I'm not gonna let it go. The man needs to explain himself. Makin' promises. Let me see that. Crawfords. God may have given it, but Claude Banks spotted it and nurtured it. What about us? Don't forget to mention us. It's amazing what Ray here can do with a couple of pounds of potato skins and some molasses. Don't matter who Camp 12 puts on the mound. All I know is when this season's over Camp 8's gonna have pork chops. All right, grab the bat. Let's see what you can do. Him? I'm sick of watching Camp 12 win the championship. Every year they get to roast the victory pig and we get dick. This year I want that pig. Hey, man, is Babe Ruth in the lineup today? What am I gonna eat? I can't eat it with mustard. You get ketchup? I know people. Allie Reynolds. He's my boy. Red Sox... Who's on the mound? Hundred and Sixty First Street? That's Yankee Stadium. The hell you talking about? What train? Say what? How the fuck are we gonna do that, Ray?! He'd be doing me a favor. I'm getting outta here one way or the other! Goddamn rats and shit! Fuck! I'm serious, man. Don't mention it. Ever. Don't mention it. Come on, Ray, time to go! That gripes my soul, man. We're out here in the middle of nowhere. There is shit nibbling at my balls! Don't tell me you don't know where we're going! You drew this?! You call this a map? What was Cookie smoking when he drew this? Let me take a look at that map. I know these trees all look the same, but I'm getting an awful familiar vibration from this one right here. You sure you know where we're going? You did it, man! You got us out! Next stop, New York City! Don't call me that. You know I hate it when you call me that. What'd you say? Does that mean I'm in? No. Come on, man. Don't shut me out. I'm telling you, you and me, that map, we can go places. The appeal was denied. Then Daisy went and fell for Maynard. They're engaged to be married, can you believe that? Look, my cousin Maynard is a lawyer. He filed an appeal on my behalf -- Well, if you're still thinking about booking it, I want in. I think we can make it. You still got that map? Your daddy must have been a helluva guy, a deep man, a wise man. Sure wish I could have met him -- What do I want? What makes you think I want something? Sure is hot today. Think it'll rain later? What's up, Ray? Gimme that. That doesn't concern you. Getting a map from a chubby chef named Cookie? Dragging our asses through the swamps in search of some worm-eaten boat? That ain't a plan, that's a vacation for two in the hole. When you've got a map to New York City, you get back to me. Forget it. No, I don't like it here. Look around. There's nothing but ass. Male ass! Balls and ass! Believe you me, I'm getting out of here. Why are you always talking about we? There is no we. There is a me, there is a you. But there is no we between us. What do you know about boats? I bet you can't even swim. Yeah, I know what your saying. And I'm saying if you made it that far, they'd be watching every train that pulls out of that station. So? No, man. I want you to have it. Pack of lies. Don't listen to him. We didn't kill nobody. We were railroaded. And we gonna prove that. What a second, you've been in here since you were thirteen? This fork is filthy. So? Why do you think they call him Jangle Leg? Shut up. It's too damn hot. What do you know, anyway? Life?! What's life mean? There's no way I can do life. I got a job starts Monday morning! Spanky's gonna be pissed? Poor Spanky. Fuck Spanky! What the hell kind of a name is Spanky, anyway? You're responsible for this situation. I blame you for everything. If it wasn't for you, I'd be home having a hot meal right now. Would you look at that, Ray. Winston up and died on us. Come on, Ray, better get Winston back to the truck. Yeah, nobody puts 'em away like old what's-his-name. What ain't there? What do you think you're doing?! The man's been dead for two seconds! Don't you have any respect? Oh, man, I've never seen a dead body before! I think he's hurt pretty bad. Fuck that cheap-ass watch -- I mean, how the hell are we gonna get home without any money? You lost all our money in a card game? What are you talking about? What can I say? When the spirit moves me. She's in a tight spot. Her mama needs this operation, and they ain't got the money for it. Their church took up a collection but they were still short... Well, not exactly. See, I met this girl. Real nice girl. God-fearing girl. Her name's Sylvia. Guess we better get going, huh? Hey, Ray. I've been looking for you. Reward? Let me get this straight. We drove all the way down to Klan country 'cause you heard a couple of guys talking? Oh, I don't know, maybe because our lives depend on it, I just sort of thought you knew what you were doing! Nice meeting you? You've been here before, haven't you? Okay then, I'm gonna walk over to that counter and get us some fucking pie. Alright. You want some pie? Hey, man, don't ever call me that. What'd you say? Don't Uncle Claude me. You get a load of those crackers? Couldn't be a mouthful of teeth among the bunch of 'em. Why you want to pick a fight with people like that for? You mean this sign? The one that says "No Coloreds Allowed." That's a good question. Ray, how come we missed the sign? I must have left my appetite outside, which is where I think we ought to be right now. Maybe we oughta find another place. Oooh... There is no Boom-Boom Room. Looks like a fake to me. Loan denied! Yeah? Who'd he steal it from? That thing? Who'd you steal it from? You need collateral. Uh-huh. That's right, a loan officer. Bank teller's just a start. I got plans. Real plans. Not opening some Zoom-Boom Room. This time next year I'll be a loan officer. At some point a man's got to get serious about his future. I'm sure you have no idea what I'm talking about. The Negro League don't pay so good. And you're always on the road. That don't wash with Daisy. I didn't start out to be a bank teller. I was gonna be a ballplayer. Even had an offer to play short for the Newark Eagles. Well, maybe I should dig around in other people's clothes for money. It's obviously been highly successful for you. No, tell me what's so funny. What? Damn straight, it is. I got my own set of keys because I'm supposed to open up. So if I ain't there 8 a.m. Monday morning, there's gonna be hell to pay. Well, if you must know, bank teller at First Federal of Manhattan. I'm responsible for keeping track of hundreds, occasionally thousands of dollars. Look, man, I don't want friendly conversation. I don't want to be your friend. I've seen your friends and I don't like them. I just want to do this thing and get back to New York in time to start my job. A thumb? What do you mean, like cut it off? For ten bucks? That include the tip? What are they gonna do to us? Good, I'm looking forward to meeting this Spanky. Give me a chance to straighten out this whole mess. Where they taking us, anyway? I don't see where that's any of your business. Good old Monroe. You went to Monroe? Claude Banks. I don't think so. I try to moisturize regularly. 'Preciate it. Claude. You kidding? I've been in and out of prison my entire life. Mostly in. I'm hard-core. I'm all right.He's a big one. She's doing just fine. She'll be fine. She just had a bit of a shock.You heard what the man said! Move it! We don't need no fences at Camp 8, boss. Movin' it out, boss. All in, boss! You heard the boss! Let's move! Judge gave 'em the long ride. He's from New York City. That one, too. State of Mississippi wants this ditch cleared by sundown. You got that?! Listen up, jiggaboo! State of Mississippi ain't interested in your... in your... metropolitan assets! Why ain't that pick swinging?What do you think about that? Hell, no! I just got something in my eye. That musta messed 'em up pretty bad. Oh, right. Well, why didn't they get those pardons? So Ray and Claude got their pardons, right? I seen the bodies before they sealed 'em up. Them fellas sizzled up good. Looked like some shit from the X- Files. Damn, that shit's nasty. Hey, the dude's holdin'.Soft and supple. Like a lady's. Then you won't have no problem making the adjustment. You need anything, help of any kind, gimme a holler. Name's Jangle Leg. You ever done time before? How you doin'?I think that old man lost his marbles about a hundred years ago. Come on, let's get this over with. Man, you really bummed me out. That's a terrible story. Nigger, you crying? What happened to 'em after that, Willie? No, they didn't get their pardons, you dumb shit! If they'd got their pardons way back then, we wouldn't be burying them today, would we? Hell of a way to get out. Heard they burned up in that fire yesterday. Come on, old-timer, hook the brothers up. Hey, Willie, what was Claude's plan, anyway? Just like Elvis. What were they, bootleggers? 1932? That's like, that's like... Why do I get the feeling when you say some time, you mean some time.What difference does it make? Natchez was better off without Winston Hancock! Who cares if a couple of no- account bootleggers went to jail for his killing? At least the state of Mississippi got 40 years of cheap labor out of the deal! He's crazy. Don't listen to him, Wilkins. I'm afraid I'm gonna have to teach this uppity nigger a lesson in manners. Respect? Well, isn't that progressive. If you don't mind my saying, you seem mighty familiar with your house boy. You don't have to twist my arm. Say now, that gumbo has quite a kick. Well, fortunately, I carry my own. I prefer bourbon. Goddamn it, Wilkins, would you please just shoot the nigger! Shoot him, Wilkins! I oughta shoot you for that comment, boy. Something like that, yes. Why, my wife gave it to me on our anniversary some years back. Yeah, it's special. They don't make 'em like this anymore. Yeah, it's getting late. I could sure use a bath. You may be able to buy your way out of trouble up in New York City, but down here we take murder seriously. Are you offering me a bribe? Besides, why bother with bootlegging when we got us a clear cut case of murder?Who? Hey, Ray, Goldmouth don't believe me. Ain't it so they got trains up in New York City that run under the streets? Appreciate it. Jenny?That's it. The Boom-Boom Room. Sure would like to see that place when you get it up and running. Hey, Ray, what's the name of that nightclub of yours? Hey, Ray, you ever been to the Cotton Club? Couple years back, Cookie made it clear to Greenville.Well you can't stay here, Biscuit. This ain't no life for a man. Any one of these fellas would give their right arm to be in your shoes. I sure know I would. It's 1945. It's a different world now. Come on, Biscuit, this is good news. Your mama's gonna break down in tears when you show up on her doorstep. These are free papers. Don't take it so hard, Biscuit. She don't mean nothin' to him. I'm talking about a haircut. Biscuit, when you're done with Jangle Leg, you think you could squeeze me in? I look good tonight. And I feel lucky, too. Well, alright then. What do you think about this new tie? But this is where the action is and I have to be where the action is. Look, when your old lady wanted those alligator shoes, didn't I come through for you? Ain't she stepping in style now? Then what's the problem? Is Spanky here? I'm sorry, he's on medication... Damn, I shoulda let Spanky Johnson drown you in the river when I had the chance. Next thing, you're gonna be complaining about the seats. If you don't eat that ice cream right now, I'm gonna strangle you until you are completely dead. So? Hell of a day for a ballgame, huh, Claude? Gimme that damn thing. Just put some mustard on it and eat it. Why the hell not? It's too late for plans. Don't tell me, I don't want to hear it. It's probably all fucked up, anyway. Are you trying to tell me after all this time you finally have a plan for busting out of here? You're the one who said that boneyard's the only way we're getting out of here. We're gonna join all the rest of 'em soon enough. Jangle Leg, Biscuit, Goldmouth, Poker Face, Cookie, Radio -- yes sir, pick a plot and start digging... Over to the morgue and up the hill to the cemetery. Never thought I'd admit it, Claude, but you were right. They oughta tear that shit down and ship them Yankees cross the river to Jersey. Well, Ruth shoulda built it a little better. Damn thing's falling to pieces. Gonna hurt somebody. Tell me about it. Scared me at first. Then, before I could figure out what to do with it, it was gone. Imagine my disappointment. Nurse Humphries was checking my prostate this morning. I got an erection. He knows nobody wants to hear the truth. I said you're soft. That's because you're soft. Gimme the gun. No, I'm gonna kill him -- He's got my daddy's watch, Claude. I always knew whoever took that watch killed Winston Hancock. And that was you, Mr. Pike. I know. Simultaneously, they shake and zip. Claude bends down and picks up a bowl of gumbo, placing it on a tray next to an identical one. I don't like it, I don't like it one bit. We shoulda taken that car when we had the opportunity. We'd be half way to New York by now. You sure it was him? Don't make me take them away from you. Claude, man, I'm serious. Give me those keys. This boat's gonna sail without you, too. I don't care if I last one day out here. At least it's one day of freedom. Now gimme those keys. Back to New York for starters. Come on, man, I'm starting to cramp up here. We have the chance right here, right now, I say we go! Then you're lucky I came along. Doesn't take a visionary to spot a golden opportunity like this. Now help me out of this trunk. You didn't think I was gonna let you escape alone, did you? Damn, it was getting hot in there. You haven't driven in 40 years, you ain't even got a license. Man's taking his life in his hands, putting you behind the wheel! Where you taking him? What the hell are you doing? You can't fool me, Claude. I know you got something brewing. Hey, I'm a lonely old man. I like to talk, too. So why don't we start by talking about what kind of a plan you're working on? You and Wilkins sure are getting chummy. You two planning on going steady, or something? You sure looked funny running for those pies, bullets flying all around you. We're not talking, you're talking, and doing too damn much of it, if you ask me. That was five years ago. I didn't do if for you, anyway. I just ain't no boot-licking trusty, that's all. After all these years of blissful silence, I almost forgot how annoying the sound of your voice can be. Excuse me? Are you talking to me? Then I have nothing left to say to you. Well, if that's the way it is... Better watch yourself Claude, before you say something you regret. Take that back or we ain't friends no more, Claude Banks. My daddy died in prison. He gave up hope and hung himself. What you're talking about is the same damn thing. That ain't how I'm going. Crop duster. I don't see you coming up with any plans. He said they keep it parked out behind the barn. Can't be that hard to fly a plane. Lots of people do it. One of the new kids said they're farming those acres just north of the swamp. He said he saw a crop duster flying around the place. Make 'em throw strikes. Let it go, Claude. It's a pardon from the governor. Whatever. Damn straight. I expect those Pittsburgh Crawdads to remember that. We're like his handlers. He can't function without us. So, Blocker, what do you think of our boy? Judge must have money riding on the championship. Can't be worse than any of these other fools. You want to hit? Yo, Claude. Give Can't Get Right a shot. What you're dealing with here is a complete lack of talent. Of course, he's in the lineup. There he goes right there. Hey, Babe...! You can starve to death for all I care. Now shut up, the game's about to start. Give me back that hot dog. I'll eat it myself. Ketchup? Who eats ketchup on a hot dog? Mustard's what you want. They must be the right people. Whoa, there goes the hot dog man. Let's get a couple. Damn, that smells good. Nothing like a ballpark hot dog, huh? Sure, it says Allie Reynolds right here in the program. He's warming up right now. Man, we're so close to the field I need cleats. How'd you get such good seats? I don't know. Who do you want? Hell, yes, Yankee Stadium. Bombers are playing a double-header against the Red Sox. We're in the Bronx, my man. Hundred and Sixty First Street. That's right, we'll get off at the next stop. The train's pulling into the station right now. We'll just get off at the next stop. All right, man, just settle down. We'll get outta here, Claude. We'll get outta here real soon. Keep it together, Claude. You wake up the man, he'll shoot you for sure. Hell, you'd probably be half way to New York by now... I'm stuck! I knew you wouldn't come if I didn't have a map. Cookie didn't draw it. I did. Absolutely. The map is very clear. New York's a long way's off. Let's just keep moving, okay? I said you're soft. I don't think so, Claude. You'd just slow me down. We'd have to stop every five minutes so you could polish your silverware. There's no way around it, you're soft. At least you're honest for once. So now you want to be my friend? Well, let me tell you something, Claude-my- shit-don't-stink-Banks. You got a lot to learn about friendship. You know what, Claude? This whole time we've been down here, you've done nothing but think about yourself, acting like this whole thing is my fault. That plan with your cousin, did that include me? Well, let's just think about that for a moment. He's a successful lawyer up in New York City and you're down here with a bright future in the cotton picking business. Eeny, meeny, miney, Maynard. On your behalf. What happened to we? We? Did I hear you say we? As I recall, you're the one who said there is no we. Guess we got some bad news in that letter, huh? Yeah. Cut the bullshit. What do you want, Claude? My daddy always said when a man starts talking about the weather keep you hand on your wallet. What do you want, Claude? Claude. I'm sure it don't. Maynard Banks, Esquire. Attorney at law. I'm not gonna forget it. What does that mean? If you've got a plan, I think I have a right to know about it. I told you my plan. What does that mean? You want out of this place, don't you? Don't tell me you're starting to like it here. What I know about boats is they take you to freedom. Come on, man. I think we can do this. That's why we won't take the train. Cookie showed me where there's a farm house. They got a boat there. You know what I'm saying. Cookie drew me a map to Greenville. Wait up there, Claude. You give that guy your corn bread and the next thing you know you'll be ironing his shirts and clipping his toenails. He just blocked it out. Nigger's crazy. He's the one who did all the stabbing. He's capable of some heinous shit. How 'bout him down there? I kinda lost track of how many people we killed that night. Must have been 15 or twenty -- not counting women and children. It was a real bloodbath. All that screaming... What about you, Radio? The fork is the least of your worries, Claude. He does it all by himself. Somebody just told me he wins the three-legged race every year. I wouldn't do that if I was you. Life?! How long is life? We were just walking back to the truck. We didn't do nothing! Fuck life! If it wasn't for me, you'd be washing up on the beach at Coney Island right now. "I need all my thumbs and fingers for praying and doing good." Man, this is gonna delay everything. Spanky's gonna be pissed. Hell with him then. If he can't share the driving, he can't ride in the truck. Winston. His name's Winston. My daddy's watch. This is the dude I was telling you about -- It ain't here. He's dead. We've still got 36 cases of rum. That's better than money. He even got my daddy's watch. While you were upstairs doing God's work, I was getting jack-legged by a fool with four threes. That was mighty charitable of you, Claude. Looks like we both got fucked tonight. So you made a generous contribution. That jelly you were talking to right here? Still got that ten dollars? Here I am. There are people down there having fun. I want to be one of them. I want you to be one of them. On Monday you can be a bank teller if you want, but tonight you're a bootlegger with a truck full of Puerto Rican rum and a fistful of cash. What are you complaining about? It worked out. Everything's cool. Now, come on, let's head down there and see what's shaking. We deserve a little reward. Don't get all agitated on me. I bought a bottle of rum from a couple of dudes, I heard 'em talking... What gave you that idea? Yeah, I want some pie. I call it like I see it, and what I see is definitely soft. I said you're soft. You're soft. Thanks for backing me up here, Uncle Claude. Look, ma'am, we've been driving all day. We'd just like to purchase one of those pies and we'll be on our way. Are you kidding? Tell me you don't want a slice of that pie right over there. I think I liked you better when you kept your trap shut. When there is, you can forget about it. And I swear to God, you ever talk about my daddy again I'm gonna kick your bank-telling, loan-denying ass, you got me? Ah, go chase yourself. I'll take my business elsewhere. And for future reference, you are no longer welcome at Ray's Boom-Boom Room. My daddy is dead so watch your mouth. You can say what you want about me, but don't be dragging my daddy into it. This watch means the world to me. Solid gold. Keeps perfect time. My daddy gave me this watch. Like this? How would I get a loan, anyway? So you mean, if I needed some jack to get my nightclub up and running, I'd have to hype some square like you? A loan officer? You're talking about giving up baseball to be a bank teller. You gave up baseball to be a bank teller? I can't latch on to that. Why didn't you take it? Hey, you'd be surprised what you find in other people's pockets. Just gotta avoid them deadbeat bank tellers. Get you every time. I don't know. Bank teller. Sounds like ladies work to me. Nothing. That's some long green. Start your job? What kind of job? Come on, daddy-o. You haven't said a word since we started. Least you could do is make some friendly conversation. You? Dine and ditch, right? Over ten bucks? You're probably looking at a thumb. I can't wait to see that. You slay me, man. Probably to Spanky's headquarters down at the pier. Did those two muscle heads shake you down? Swear I've seen them down at the track with Sure-shot Riley. That's it, ain't it? A gambling debt. What I want to know is what happened to your cush between the time that you got up from the table and when I caught up with you in the Johnny? Here, this belongs to you. It was empty when I found it. That's right! Good old Monroe... Claude Banks. How could I forget that? You've got to remember me. Ray Gibson. We went to high school together. Sure I do. What's your name again? Don't I know you? No problem. Oh, boy! Made just for you, Cookie. Well, not yet. It's still in the planning stages. Alright, well, let's say you make it to Greenville. What's there, anyway? You killed Santa Claus? Can't I get one of those steaks you got grilling back there? What is that? C'mon, Goldmouth, somebody's gotta watch the front door. That's right, fellas. Catch any cab heading uptown. All the drivers know Ray's Boom-Boom Room. He's a good friend of mine. Drops by the club whenever he's in town. Just because it's in my mind, Goldmouth, don't mean it ain't real. Everything worth anything starts with a dream. My corn bread? Oh no, my friend. I love corn bread. They gave me life, mama. I can't believe this. I always said I'd never end up like this. I thought I'd make something of myself, do something with my life. You know, be successful. Have a big house, a family. Now I'm gonna end up just like daddy. I can't take that, mama. Don't cry, mama. This place ain't so bad as it looks. Sure, we work hard, but there's plenty fresh air and sunshine... And you know something else, I've taken to going to church regular. They got services every Sunday right there in the mess hall. Don't worry about that. Hey, fellas, this here is my mama. These are some of my friends. That's Willie, there's Poker Face, Radio, Cookie, Goldmouth, Biscuit, Jangle Leg. What are you doing here, mama? Mama? I'm going in for him. He'd do the same for me. It'll be too late. He must still be in there. Hey, where's Claude? I don't see Claude! He shoots me, I swear I'll take you with me! I just want to hear you say it. That watch was the only thing my daddy ever gave me. It meant the world to me. I'm gonna work this man's brains out the back of his head. Like you shot Winston Hancock? She give you that scar, too? Must have been some time ago. Maybe forty years? Sure don't. Mind if I ask where you got it? That's a real nice watch you got there, sir. Fancy old thing even plays a little tune. I'm just trying to pay the toll on the road to justice. Mr. Johnson is very well connected. If you were to let us go, I guarantee he would show you his appreciation, if you know what I mean. Excuse me, sheriff. As we explained to your associate here, there's been a mistake. We didn't kill anybody. Now, as for the bootlegging, we happen to work for a very important man in New York. Satchmo. They're called subways. A nickel will take you from one end of Manhattan to the other. Helluva ride, too. Anybody else need anything read? No, it says Marleen here. Apparently, your sister died. You should have come by last night, Radio. You woulda had yourself some fun. You mean the Boom-Boom Room? Sure I've been to the Cotton Club. It's pretty sweet. But it don't hold a candle to the Boom Boom Room. That's where the real action is. Greenville, that the nearest town? I slipped in a couple of bottles of my latest batch. Help wash down all them pills they'll be giving you. Alright Willie, I think I got everything. I'll talk to Dillard, see if I can get up to the infirmary and check up on you. Make sure they're changing your diapers regular. I'm talking about old Satchmo nearly blew the roof off the joint. That's my joint. The swinginest nightclub in town. You all been here a long time. Doesn't anybody ever escape from this place? What are you in for, Willie? What's your name? Maybe we will. Nice meeting you. Blacks welcome there? Man, that music is hot. What goes on down there, Slim? How you doing? We're looking for Slim. I just want somebody who won't put a bullet in my back once the truck is full. I'll take the little choirboy, if you don't mind. Understood. All I need is the front money and a truck. I could be back in two, three days tops if I had somebody to share the driving. Comes up the Mississippi. I can get more. A lot more. I was thinking about going into business for myself, but under the circumstances, I'd be willing to take on a partner. Puerto Rican rum. See for yourself. Come on, Spank, I'm just trying to get by here. You remember how it was when you were starting out. You don't have to drown that fella, Spanky. You already scared him half to death. He didn't know who he was fucking with.Green's the only color that matters under the hill. They got gambling, girls. You oughta check it out. That's Natchez-under-the-Hill. You found him.If I was you, I'd want somebody who can handle himself in a tight spot. Alright, Ray, you've got a deal. Pick your man and get going. If you fuck me on this one, I'll spare no expense. I'm interested. Keep talking. Where'd you get this? What's that, some of your bathtub brew? But you do. What does that say about you, Ray? What does that say about me? I've given you a lot of leeway over the years on account of your father. But he didn't last long enough to teach you the meaning of the word respect so I guess I'm gonna have to school you myself.I'm not your boss. Not anymore. Claude, mind helping me to the bathroom? He's right, Gibson. Put down the gun and we'll work this out. Goodnight, Claude. I'll be right back. You know I trust you, Claude. Half the men in this prison swear they're innocent. Don't you think that's kinda funny? Forty years. That's a long time for any crime, even murder. You been on the farm for quite a spell, haven't you? I apologize, Claude. That was rude of me. You know, I'm fixing on retiring at the end of the summer, gonna try to enjoy what few years I have left. What do you think of this place? It's one of those new retirement communities down on the Gulf. Damn dentures slipping again. Everything falls apart when you grow old, eh, Claude? Time sure marches on. Is there any truth to what he's saying, Pike? Do you realize what your saying, Gibson? What's going on here? If somebody deserves respect, Mr. Pike, they receive it from me, convict or no convict. I believe in treating the convicts with respect, if that's what you mean. Thank you, Claude. That'll be all for tonight. Hunting's been pretty good on the farm the last few years. It's one of the perks of the job. If you're interested, tomorrow I could show you some of my favorite spots. I'm sorry, I don't keep any liquor in the house. Lemonade?Nothing to it, really. Claude figured they could steal a couple of bodies from the morgue. They got a couple of crackers working there don't know their asses from their elbows. Then they was gonna set fire to the infirmary and make it look like those bodies was them that got stuck inside. Claude figured during the commotion, it wouldn't be too hard to slip onto one of the fire trucks and hang tight until it rolled right on out of here in the morning. It's alright for a man to cry once in awhile. Just don't make a habit of it. Of course nobody believed Ray and Claude. Old man Wilkins' never came out of that bathroom. Died right there on the crapper. Ray's special recipe. He always had exacting standards where the hooch was concerned. Sixty-five years ago. They always said the farm couldn't hold 'em forever. Looks like you're finally free, boys. I was already here a good many years when they came in in 1932. They'll be sending you up there soon enough. And not just for a visit, neither. Last night? What are you talking about, Ray? What's the Boom Boom Room? They run but they never get too far. Goldmouth? They say he was born out back behind the shithouse. That's what they say. That's a long story... Me? Willie Long.Hah. Ten years you carried that pistol, and you end up wasting your shot. Quite, boy, or you'll lose your tongue. Those as know me know I wouldn't cross my word, and bring down bad luck on the ship. I agreed to set them free. I didn't when ... nor where. Eh? You have my word, then -- on the Good Book, I do swear, and the Lord spare my worthless soul. We got that part. Anything else? Enough of that! Name your terms. You've got one shot -- and we can't die. What's in your head, boy? So what now, Jack Sparrow? Are we to be two immortals, locked in epic battle until the trumpets of Judgement Day? Just so you know, Jack -- I don't think you're that clever. I think you're a fool. A mortal fool. Aye, for us there is. Men! Are you up for it? That so? I can't help wondering, Jack, why you're being so helpful and all? Last time you did that, it didn't end well for you. What're you suggesting? Why don't I want to do this? No, I really think I do. That's fair. So how did you get off that island, anyway? You'd best take a swim, Jack. Now, Jack. That reef is less than a league distant. It's a square deal all around, and you can't hope for better. Bosun! Set up Mr. Sparrow's quarters, nice and fine ... in the brig. Meaning no disrespect, of course. That fool woman took it. You be careful around her, Jack -- she's pretty enough, she'll steal your heart -- but pure evil inside. You're playing this as close to the edge as any man, I'll give you that. We might just have to sign articles, you and I. Jack, you're a pirate at heart, that's certain. Jack, I don't trust you, and that's a fact. Never trust a smiling man, you can lay to that. Track you down and -- You're setting me up for a double cross, you with the ship, and me with nothing more than your word! Blast you! I'll throw you in prison. I'll torture it out of you. I'm supposed to ... trust you? That's your offer? You, sailing away nice and pretty with the Black Pearl, and all I have is a name? The Pearl? Oh, that's fine. And just how do you expect this to work? Allow me the humor of listening to your terms. Say the name, or I slit your throat. No. But him I believe. He us genuinely angry. Turner blood doesn't flow pure in his veins. Best play it safe, and spill it all. By the powers, you're right! Where's Jack's pistol? Who's got it? Bring it forward! Looks like your back to having nothing to offer. Now. No, don't kill him. Agreed. You have my word, as a gentleman of fortune -- Aye. And not a bit of it any use to us, only hoarded. But it will drive us no longer. It's a piece of the treasure of Isla de Muerta. Do you not know what this is, then? Would that I could. Oh, there would be no sense in killing you, Miss Turner. Now, none of that. Please dig in. Maid or not, it fits you. It's you who invoked the parlay! Believe me, Miss, you'd best hand it over, now ... or these be the last friendly words you'll hear! No, no, nothing like that. Very well. You hand that over, we'll put your town to our rudder and ne'er return. And how does a maid come to own a trinket such as that? A family heirloom, perhaps? You've got sand, for a maid. You have a name, missy? Did you, now? My holds are bursting with swag. That bit of shine matters to me ... Why? I am disinclined to acquiesce to your request. Means 'No.' There was a lot of long words in there, miss, and we're not but humble pirates. What is it you want? My apologies, miss. As you were saying, before you were so rudely interrupted?How did you get off the island? What's in your head to put you in such a fine mood? We'd best drop canvas, sir! Kid's a bit of a stick, isn't he? And you've got that, have you? A fool's errand. Jack, it's a fool's errand: You've heard the tales they tell about the Pearl. Say again? Oh, there's a hard tale, Jack. Most of the decent pirates in town won't sail with you -- seem to think you're a jinx. Make it last, then. Now, what's the nature of this venture of yours? Aye, that'll about do it. Curse you for breathing, you slack- jawed idiot. Mother's love, Jack, you know better than to wake a man when he's sleeping. It's bad luck! Will -- it'll go worse for us -- for Elizabeth, especially -- if we fight. That we are. It's a signal. If we resist, it won't just be death. There'll be torture as well. Jack gave hisself up for the sake of his loyal crew. He was marooned on an island, left there to die. Ah -- he's learned, then. Plays things more close to the vest. See, Jack was a cartographer, back in Old England. Somehow he came by the money to commission the Pearl. Hired himself a crew, promised each man an equal share. So, they're forty days out, and the First Mate says, everything's an equal share, that should mean the location of the island, too. So Jack gave up the bearings. That night, there was a mutiny. I'll tell lee. Now, Jack Sparrow has an honest streak in him, and that's where the whole problem starts. This was when he was Captain of the Black Pearl -- Now, lad, just because it don't point north don't mean it don't work. That compass gives bearings to the Isla de Muerta, wherever it may lay. Blast it, I'm already awake!Mr. Gibbs, organize a cleaning detail -- you and Cotton. I want every inch of the Pearl spic-and- span and ship-shape! AnaMaria, trim the mainsail! They'll be anchored on the lee side. Haul your wind, and keep to the weather of the island -- You'll get it back. Or one better. Safe! At Port Royal. With the Royal Navy. AnaMaria! Have you seen Gibbs? I need to put together -- Or you could surrender. Remarkable how often those two traits coincide. There's ... another exit? Now, you can take care of the Dauntless, right? Aye. See, after you're done with the Royal Navy, you'll have a bit of a problem: the H.M.S. Dauntless. There you'll be, with two lovely ships on your hands, and what to do? Of course you'll decide you deserve the bigger one, and who's to argue? The Dauntless a first- rate ship-of-line, and with it, you can rule the seas. But if you're Captain of the Dauntless, who's left for the Black Pearl? The situation has changed. Like after you've killed ... Every ... Last ... One ... of Norrington's men. You've no hope of surviving Norrington's attack ... that is, if you're mortal. Because, right about now, the H.M.S. Dauntless is lying in wait in the harbor. All right then. You can go to your grave not knowing. The last time you do this, you left me a pistol, with one shot. Someone needs to cut these bonds, then. It's pure evil to make a Captain walk the plank of his own ship, twice in one lifetime. No good can come of it. I'll watch my back. What -- you don't have the medallion? See, that's where we're different. I trust you ... to do what it takes to get what you want. Let's say I tell you the wrong person. What would you do? Wait as long as you like. You left me on a desert island -- what worse can you do? You see, I've got this honest streak in me -- in its own way, a sort of curse. Oh, and there's the fact that you have no choice. That's right. You give me the Pearl. Then I tell you who you need. Simple. I have something you won't more than anything. The way to free you from the curse of the treasure. You have something I want -- more than anything. No you won't. I know whose blood you need, to end the curse. I have a plan. If it succeeds, then any battle will be decidedly brief ... and one-sided. Exactly. Nor did you, I noticed. You -- you burned up the island, for a one-time chance at being spotted? Why? What are you doing? You've burned our food, the shade -- the rum! To the Black Pearl. We've got a few bottles left ... and we've yet to tap the kegs. Ah, well ... the company is better than last time. And the scenery has definitely improved. When I get the Black Pearl back, I'm going to teach it to the whole crew, and we'll sing it all the time! More to drink! Now I must hear this song. An authentic pirate song. Have at it. I know a lot of songs about pirates, but none I'd teach a child. Let's hear it. What? What was that? Something funny, Miss Swann? Share, please. Don't be thinking I'm happy about this, Elizabeth. But I see no use in wailing and gnashing my teeth over that which I can do nothing about. You're right. Here's luck to you, Will Turner. You should look at our contretemps this way: we've got shade trees, thank the Lord. We've got some food on the trees, thank the Lord again. And we've got rum, praise the Lord. We can stay alive a month, maybe more. Keep a weather eye open for passing ships, and our chances are fair. Welcome to the Caribbean, love. Last time, I was here a grand total of three days. Last time, the rumrunners who used this island as a cache came by, and I bartered passage off. But from the looks of this, they've been out of business, and so that won't be happening again. We probably have your friend Norrington to thank for that. It won't. It won't, and so we won't. Don't be thinking I'm not already working on it. The trees are taller. No. This won't work. I'll stay behind, and fight them. You go on. No, I'm -- rescuing you. Me! I saved your life; now you've saved mine. We're square. Miss Swann, if you'll be so kind? Ah, that's a dark and unpleasant tale, best left untold. We're catching up! She can hold a bit longer. That he is. Not if the fool has something Barbossa wants. Something he needs. Aye, and that's why I know where it's going to be, and that's why I know what Barbossa is up to. All I need is a crew. I'm going after the Black Pearl. I know where it's going to be, and I'm going to take it. Now where, I wonder, would they have gotten that idea? First -- have you found me a crew? Well, fortunately, I know how to counter it. The man who did the waking buys the man who was sleeping a drink, and the man who was sleeping it drinks it while listening to a proposition. As likely as not. Will, short up the anchor, we've got ourselves a ship! Fine by me. We brought you a nice little boat, so you can all get back to shore, safe and sound. We'll see about that. Dead serious. None? Very well. You rumbled me. I confess: I intend to commandeer one of these ships, pick up a crew in Tortuga, and go on the account, do a little honest pirating. Smith. That so? I've heard of one, supposed to be fast, neigh uncatchable ... the Black Pearl? That's a fine goal, I'm sure ... But it seems to me a ship like that -- -- makes this one here just a wee superflous. This must be some important boat. Some sort of to-do up at the fort, eh? You two weren't invited? Sorry, I didn't know. I'll slip in, talk them into to come out, and you'll be free to blow holy high heaven the whole lot of them. That chart I drew up'll get you past the reefs. If you're steersman's good enough, that is. I knew you'd listen to reason! They left me stranded. Twice. What have you got to lose? Funny, I was thinking along those lines. How about you let me go in alone, and while you're setting up an ambush, I'll trick the pirates out to you. Norrington, think about it ... the Black Pearl, its captain and crew ... the last pirate threat in the Caribbean. How can you pass that up? We had time to get to know each other. But it seems to be enough to condemn him. Ah, but you have heard of me. Captain Jack Sparrow. If you please. The worst. On the other hand, maybe I'm a man who can't pass up a chance for revenge against the black-hearted bastard who stole my ship and left me to die in the middle of the ocean -- twice! -- and who knows how to get what he wants. Now that's a great pirate. -- and its guns and crew will cut you and your men to pieces the moment you step outside these caves. It's the right way. Don't talk. These caves magnify sound. Just follow me. Do you have any idea where you're going? Will -- don't do anything stupid! Don't say anything stupid -- I'm sure. When you've led the kind of life that I have, there are debts that must be paid. Maybe I can balance the scales a little. Go to the opposite end of the island, and signal the ship. I'll keep 'em busy. I'll lead them away. This way! On whether the stories are all true. If they are, that's a waterfall that spills over at high tide, with a short drop to an underground lagoon. If not -- Depends. But I survived. And I still have that single shot. It's meant for one man. My mutinous first mate-- The pistol. When a pirate is marooned, Will, he's given a pistol with a single shot. No good for hunting, or surviving, really. But after three weeks of starvation and thrist -- the option of that pistol begins to look good. These are the only ones worth having. And we're going to need them -- Don't worry. I've already got a Quartermaster -- there! Oh -- did I forget to mention that? Then that's not much incentive for me to fight fair, is it? Put it away, Will. It's not worth getting beat again. Sure -- because he could always go pirating. You think your father is the only man who ever lived the Glasgow life, telling folk one thing, and then going off to do another? There's quite a few who come here, hoping to amass enough swag to ease the burdens of respectable life. And they're all 'merchant marines.' Figured you wouldn't want to hear it. I swear, you look just like him. Good man. Good pirate. And clever -- I never met anyone with as clever a mind and hands as him. When you were puzzling out that cell door, it was like seeing his twin. I knew him. Probably one of the few he knew him as William Turner. Most everyone just called him Bill, or 'Bootstrap' Bill. Is that so? For a man whose made an industry of avoiding boats, you're a quick study. Everybody stay calm. We're taking over the ship! Remarkable how often those two traits coincide. So's breaking a man out of jail. Face it, Will: you may say you'll never be a pirate, but you're off to a rip-roaring start. My advice -- smile and enjoy it. Commandeer. We're going to commandeer a ship. Nautical term. No worries there. She's far more likely to rot out from under us. Come aboard. Good. My business, Will. As for your business -- one question, or there's no use going. This girl -- what does she mean to you? How far are you willing to go to save her? Not without my effects. Agreed! How? The key's run off. So it is that you found a girl. Well, if you're intending to brave all and hasten to her rescue and so win fair lady's heart, you'll have to do it alone. I see no profit in it for me. And you want to turn pirate yourself? Why ask me? Surely you've heard the stories? The Black Pearl sails from the dreaded Isla de Mureta ... an island that cannot be found -- except by those who already know where it is. Somewhat. Move! Move away. Pirate. You need to find yourself a girl. Or maybe the reason you practice three hours a day is you've found one -- but can't get her? Who makes all these? Only a little. Do you think this is wise, boy? Crossing blades with a pirate? Ah. Then it would be a shame to put a black mark on your record. So if you'll excuse me ... You look familiar ... Have I ever threatened you before?Mentioned it, is more what he did. He may be. I think he's telling the truth. What's your business in Port Royal, 'Mr. Smith'? Like I said, there's no real ship as can match -- Hey! Oh, and no ship that's not crewed by the damned and captained by a man so evil that hell itself spat him back out could possibly have black sails and therefore couldn't possibly be any ship other than the Black Pearl. Is that what you're saying? No. You've seen a ship with black sails that's crewed by the damned and captained by a man so evil that hell itself spat him back out? You haven't seen it. You've seen the Black Pearl? You've seen it? No, it's not. There's no real ship as can match the Interceptor.Elizabeth, this is hardly appropriate -- I'm told that dress is the very latest fashion in London. Or, rather, Commodore Norrington ... a fine gentleman, don't you think? He fancies you, you know. Captain Norrington's promotion ceremony. Although ... I did think you could wear it to the ceremony today. Is an occasion necessary for a father to dote upon his daughter with gifts? Elizabeth? Is everything all right? Are you decent? And that's what concerns me. Elizabeth, we will be landing in Port Royal soon, and beginning our new lives. Wouldn't it be wonderful if we comport ourselves as befits our class and station? Dammit, man, it appears someone is stealing your ship! But -- Commodore -- Well, she had a very taxing day... Ghastly weather tonight. Has my daughter given you an answer yet? What happened here? Where did he come from? Captain Norrington... I appreciate your fervor, but I am concerned about the effect this subject will have on my daughter.He didn't waste it. No! You gave your word! You must swear by the Holy Bible. And Jack. And the crew. Free and unharmed. If you agree ... then ... I will remain with you. Elizabeth goes free! You can't. I can. She. Goes. Free. -- but that was not a proper kiss. Elizabeth, I think it doesn't matter that we are of a different class -- I can't believe he would make such a sacrifice for us. If I had known -- Why would my father send this to me? I'm glad we got here in time. At least once more, Miss Swann. As always. I could never forget it, Miss Swann. We can at least fight -- we might be able to kill a few-- We're not going to just surrender! How did he get off the island? What? He never told me that. Really? So ... what's the story on the pistol? How do we expect to find an island no one can find -- with a compass that doesn't work? I know. That was for the smell. Well, you're the worst pirate I've ever heard of. You're a man who can be trusted, who can be counted on, and who can't betray his friends. What kind of pirate is that? Jack! Are you certain this is the right way? Jack! My name is Will Turner, the son of Bootstrap Bill Turner. His blood runs in my veins. You need my blood. And on my word I will pull this trigger, and sink all the way down to Davy Jones' Locker! Are you sure? Jack -- this is not something you have to do. No. Miss Swann! We're here to rescue you! It's going badly! On what? What's that? Barbossa. Wait -- what about the pistol? Shut up, before you lose them all! Just do it quickly. Tortuga? You didn't beat me. You ignored the rule of engagement. In a fair fight, I'd kill you. My father -- was not -- a pirate! My father did not think of my mother -- his family -- as a burden. He was a merchant marine! He was a respectable man who obeyed the law, and followed the rules-- It's not true my father was a pirate. That's not true. 'Bootstrap?' My father. William Turner? I worked passage from England as a cabin boy. After my mother passed, I came out here ... looking for my father. Aye! Avast! This is either crazy, or brilliant. It's still against the law. We're going to steal a ship? That ship? I haven't set foot off dry land since I was twelve, when the ship I was on exploded. It's been a sound policy. I'd die for her. Why are brothering with that? We need to go! Agreed. I helped build these cells. Those are hook-and-ring hinges. The proper application of strength, the door'll lift free. Just calls for the right lever and fulcrum ... I can get you out of here. Never. They took Miss Swann. Because you're a pirate. The ship's real enough. So its anchorage must be a real place. Where is it? Where does it make berth? Are you familiar with that ship? The Black Pearl? No. I can not just step aside and let you escape. No. You cheated. I do. And I practice with them. At least three hours a day. You threatened Miss Swann. I've made a point of avoiding familiarity with pirates.Yes I did. Lose ends are messy. I'm going to retire with a shit-load of money. Find me a small country that doesn't have an extradition treaty with the States and live the good life. Hey, you're not exactly the most trustworthy guy in the world. I took a shot. It didn't work. Did you bring the tapes? When this is over you can say whatever the hell you want. I'll be long gone. Besides, who's going to believe you? You're just a two-bit crook. Yes I did. Lose ends are messy. I'm going to retire with a shit-load of money. Find me a small country that doesn't have an extradition treaty with the States and live the good life. No. I have it. The lamp? The one with your fingerprints and her blood on it? Remember? Witness' can be convinced they made a mistake. Without the murder weapon the D.A. won't have enough to prosecute you. A pass. Where are the tapes? You're fucked, Sami. You know it. That's why you're here. No. You killed her. Manager remembers you going into her room. Your fingerprints were found all over the place. Okay. Okay. I believe you. You think I'm going to talk to you until I know if you're wired. Yeah. I figured I'd be hearing from you. Agent Hadley. Yeah. He delivers the goods on Zammito. If we got what we wanted we'd let his brother go providing he tells us where the Van Gogh and the other paintings are. We're talking Matisse, Renoir, Monet. We know for sure they replaced Van Gogh's "Vase with twelve sunflowers" last week with a copy. It was on loan from the London National Gallery and they're not going to be very happy when they find out about it. Too many people know about my involvement in this. What for? The minute I get him some other Gavone will take his place. I've been doing this for twenty years. When I retire it's not going to be to some trailer park in the suburbs. Fuck Bastaldi and his brother. These tapes are gold. Do you have any idea what Zammito would pay to get them back? I can't bring the Bureau into this. If I do the tapes become evidence. This is turning to shit. If word gets out of my involvement in this I'll go to prison. You'll never get out of the city. I'm your worst fuckin' nightmare. Now, if you don't want me to keep on hurting you, it's important that I believe you and right now I don't. So tell me, where did they go? What? This? Where did they go? Not today. Where are your friends?I will relay the particulars of our conversation to Mr. Maranzano. To tell you that we're interested in the property. I'm not here to negotiate. I'm taking a vocabulary course to enhance my communication skills. Supernumerary. It means better than expected. Yeah. That warehouse over on Merchant Street. The volume on our import business has risen dramatically. The proceeds this quarter will be supernumerary due to the -- I'm good. Really. No thank you. Mr. Maranzano sends his warmest regards. Good. I'm doing good. How you doin', Frankie?We're doing everything we can to find these people. Right Tony? What is happening with the world? There was a time no civilian would touch a made man. Now every babbo in the world thinks he can get away with something. What did they take? They knew who you were when they broke in your house? Why didn't you tell me about this? But you were there? Your own brother? You couldn't send someone else to do it? Oh Frankie, what's this I hear about your brother? You should. You can learn a lot about the criminal justice system on a program like that. Very informative. Stay and watch it with me. Nah, that's just Tony's way of telling me Judge Judy starts in ten minutes. You ever watch it? Good word. They're gonna be what? Business must be good if he can afford to buy up useless property. He's trying to get a foot hold in our territory. And? I understand Bobby Beans came to see you today. Frankie, come in. Good to see you. You want something? You have something for me? This plane will take you to Canada. From there you can fly back to Paris. I only ask so I can call you when the arrangements are made. Where are you staying? I only have your word for that. And the other half? And for my help I would get what? You want me to help you get out of the country? I assume you want something? I don't think it will be a mystery much longer. You rob an associate of mine... a friend and-- Either you are incredibly brave, or incredibly stupid. Which one is it?Well, you better get the money somehow. Six o'clock and come alone. If you don't we'll destroy the tapes. Don't bullshit me, Laurant! I know about the Van Gogh. -- I've got the tapes. If you ever want to see your brother out of jail do exactly what I say. Bring one million euros to your boat at six o'clock. It's Daniel. You don't trust me? What? C'mon, Laurant, America? Uh, yeah. Where's your brother? Thank you. How about if I call you? I just want to get my people home. I know who you are and what you could do to me if I don't honor my word. I'll destroy them when we get back to Paris. Half the tapes. We've got a lot of people looking for us. We'd just like to go home. He's recorded every conversation he's had with you for years. I've got to tell you, Mr. Bonanno, This guy's an idiot. How he's lived this long is a mystery. Not such a good friend. May I reach in my pocket? I guess we're going to find out. What kind of business? For what? If you think because you're a women this can't go hard on you, think again. Tonight? Jesus! Raymond, grab the tapes. We're leaving! Why is everything an argument with you? Because you're the closest. Get that, will you? Too risky. We don't need to get pulled over because of a stolen car. Forget the money! We've got bigger problems than the money right now. We're leaving. Raymond get the bag. We can't. Not a good idea. Someone gets a license number and it all leads back to you. Raymond, you'll steal one. You know what makes a good get away driver? Being able to get away! Cut his pants up the leg to the groin. Bring me the scissors. I'm going to kill him myself! Bastaldi's dead. He is fuckin' dead! Cops? He said to go fuck yourself. We'll see. I just want you there in case there's trouble. Hopefully no one. In English. Sami doesn't speak French. We'll think of something. We need to rent a car and for that you need a credit card. Sami, tomorrow you lift a wallet from someone who looks like one of us. Why should I have to put it on the list? It's like saying to buy a car with tires. I can't believe you didn't check. You didn't buy batteries? Turn on the flashlight. We still have to get out of here. I just want to live long enough to get back to Paris. Just long enough to kill Bastaldi. We had a chance to walk out of Zammito's house. What is that a threat? Are you fuckin' threatening me, Marcel? You call being Bastaldi's lap dog better? Do I? You're sure? Did you know about Bastaldi's deal with Zammito? You know, if you could get your nose out of Bastaldi's ass for two seconds you might see what's going on around you. Everyone get some sleep. We're leaving in the morning. That moron. I think he's already figured that out. Besides, we don't know the city and-- I promised Bonanno I'd destroy the tapes. You better. I'm leaving you with my friends. I'm trusting you to do the right thing today. You haven't answered my question. If they had taken us by surprise they would have gotten the tapes back. That would have left us with nothing. Can I trust you, Sami? What'd you get? He's been shot a lot. He's used to it. Hello? Okay. Airports, train stations, bus station are out. We know they're connected to the car rental agencies because that's where they picked up Raymond. No? Has to be. All you are is a professional ass-kisser. I think he'd cut his dick off if Bastaldi told him to. You steal some money from a man he gets over it in time. But these tapes. He's never going to stop looking for us. You didn't think it was little suspicious that someone you only knew for a few hours wanted to sleep with you? I would have to say... pretty fuckin' bad. You gave us the wrong address Sophie. It's not? Good idea. Good. Zero and Julien will go in through the window and disable the motion detector. The rest of us will come in through the front door. This is Zero. There's just one more thing I need you to do. I'll tell you when it's time. There's ten grand in here. It's yours. I'm going to call you again. There's one more thing I need you to do. Fine. Ten o'clock. We had a deal. -- Did you set it up? It's me. Fine. How much? Why haven't you turned us in? I'm from Belgium. I've got a way with people. Don't bullshit me. Guns. Can you get them? I'll be right back. He gets out of the car and walks over to him.Hard to say. He told Enrique he didn't know anything about his car. -- you stole my cousin Enrique's car. I just thought that-- Maybe you should call the police.Good song though. But we ain't had nothing to eat all day boss. Okay boss. You didn't say find them. You said, "get them." Okay boss. Where are they? Well, I must say you're handling it very well. Boy, you must be pissed. Everything? What'd they take? French guys? You mean like from France? Hey boss, it's not a science. You said don't do it, boss. Go look. What room number? What hotel? Yeah. I'll come down and make a full confession later. Right now, tell me what else you found? Are you forgetting who supplements your income? And the other car? What'd you guys find?That's an excellent plan. Very comforting. What for? I bought everything you put on the list. Gloves. Pen knives. Flashlight. Batteries were not on the list. I thought they came with batteries. Do they come with batteries? I'm trying. It doesn't work. Go where? The police are outside. What do we do? I'm telling you I've pulled out everything in the safe. There aren't any jewels. Yeah and if you turned it around it would say to go right. And he gave it to us. 145 Ridgeway Road. Bastaldi got the address from you, yes? What about transportation? I can handle the exterior alarm, but the one in the bedroom is a problem. Oh, then we will have the house wine. Maybe I'm missing the obvious, but why aren't we leaving town? Any place has to be safer for us than Chicago. That's brilliant! Care to elaborate? Don't tell me to be cool! We were supposed to be in and out. In and out! In the last twenty four hours we've managed to get the Mafia... the FBI... the Chicago Police Department and a group of Latin gang members after us. I haven't left out anyone, have I? I don't think so, because we've already pissed off everyone in the fuckin' city! This is bad. This is really fuckin' bad. Am I the only one who sees how bad this is? I knew this was a mistake! I knew it last night when you asked me to go along with this. I could hear that little voice in my head saying, "don't do it! Don't you do it!" Jesus, why don't I ever listen to myself? This wasn't the deal! The deal was to steal a necklace, not get in the middle of a Mafia war. I don't know. Maybe if we did just leave -- Okay. I will have a beer. What kind of restaurant doesn't serve wine? I see. A master criminal. What is it you do, Sami? We both know I'm already dead. When we get to the next corner jump out. Stop talking. I'm trying to concentrate. This is a car. I think this is the best American car I've ever driven. I've never driven a Cadillac before. I'll drive. Relax. It will be fine. Oh, man... this is bullshit! You can't trust anyone these days.Okay, we're square now, right? What? We had a deal before you and your friends became the new poster boys for crime. Yeah. All set. Tomorrow morning. Ten o'clock. Room 211. Barclay Hotel on River Street. Oh, and due to your recent notoriety and the heat that comes with it, I'm going to have to increase my brokerage fee to twenty five hundred. Hey you guys are becoming famous. I was just watching the news and-- Yeah? A thousand dollars? And, uh, I'm going to have to charge you a commission... kind of like a brokerage fee. I ain't no rat. You got money, right? Yeah, I'd be from Belgium too if I was you. You know Zammito just put his own brother in the hospital? Broke his arm cause he was late on a debt. I mention this to illustrate the kind of people who are lookin' for you. I can see that. The man's car you stole. Raphael Ruiz. He's head of the 19th Street gang and one crazy motherfucker. And Frankie Zammito's got the word out he's looking for some French dudes. You're French ain't ya? I ain't bullshittin'. I can get guns. I can get any kind of gun you want. But they ain't gonna help your sorry ass. You ain't been in town one day and already you got two of the toughest people in Chicago looking for you. How is that possible? Man, I can get anything. What do you want now?Oui. Should I call you back? Oui. No. Oui. Yes. We went to the address we were given and had to tie up the owner of the house who turns out to be some Mafia guy. It's me... It's Elvis... Maybe if we gave the tapes back -- We all agreed to it. You had no way of knowing Bastaldi was setting us up. I'm not a guy who is known for his patience and right now you're testing mine. Better than spending my life crawling through windows in the middle of the night. This ain't about that and you know it. This is about you never forgiving me for leaving the crew. Fuck you! You know I'd never go along with something like this. I think if he told me he was going to steal Van Gogh's "Sunflowers in a vase" I would remember it. No. The deal is whatever Mr. Bastaldi says it is. It was an honest mistake. Ridgeway... Ridgeroad... Ridgeway Road. You think it's smart to tell him we're French? Mr. Bastaldi isn't asking you if you want to go. He's telling you you're going! And if he's telling you you're going to be going then you are going to go! I was told to take what we have and go. There must be half a million dollars here though. There has to be. Oh yeah. The map said to go left. How about Canada? No. How much? How about getting on your knees and communicating with my dick? What the hell is he talking about? Pink panther, black panther. Who gives a shit? And I don't remember asking you a God Damn thing, you little turd. Give it to me, Sami. Fine. All of you want to be angry? Be angry... but I'm the one who took the ball and that makes it mine. The baseball is mine. God, I want to go home. Yeah and he can't stand it that I tried to do something to better myself. Whatever! He never told me about the Van Gogh or any of the other paintings. Why would they want us to rob the Mafia? Mr. Taylor? C'mon, I look more like Elvis than you do. -- I want to be Elvis. You lived there. You know the city. Normally I'd be breaking your fingers right now, but I'm going to give you a chance to make enough to pay me back and have some extra for yourself. We have a group going to Chicago to do a job. You're going with them. Today's your lucky day, Sami. Going somewhere?Tell me the truth Hector... do you think we'll find my car? I don't give a shit about your cousin's car. We're here about my car. So, shut your mouth! You think you can do that? You think you can keep your big mouth shut? Hector, don't interrupt me. -- Don't think. Okay? You're not good at it. Hey, idiot -- I've got stolen wheels and a stolen radio in the car. Fuck you, grease-ball! I'm telling you that's my car! And someone's gonna pay for it! No. It's mine. Anybody know about that car outside?Why do I have to pick up the tapes. I'm just setting my boundaries. I'm not any closer than you are. Why do I always have to answer the phone? Why not just steal another one? She probably hid it at her place. The six of us could find it in -- No one has mentioned the part of the plan about us getting caught and going to prison. I agree with Marcel. I say we go to the airport and get on a plane. Yeah. We just go home. No problem. You're always pointing out my negative qualities. My analyst says positive reinforcement is a much more productive way of relating with people. I'm not going to leave you. I knew I should have driven. This is the only American car you've ever driven. I'm the driver. I am not comfortable with this. I'm not a good liar. She took everything! Didn't even leave us cab fare. What are we going to do, take a taxi? I don't know. It's gotta be millions. I'm talking about human beings communicating openly and honestly. There's no reason to be abusive. You're projecting your anger on me as a defense mechanism. A Black Panther was a member of an African American militant group in the sixties, Marcel. I think you're referring to The Pink Panther. The papers for the car will arrive tomorrow. It's yours. A gift. A gift you could give to your brother... or anyone you owe money to as partial payment. You see that car? I understand. The person who sent me wishes to help you. I represent a person who wishes to remain anonymous, but is aware of your current financial problems with your brother. Mr. Zammito? I would like to thank you for your hospitality. If you are ever in Paris here is my number. How are we going to do that? Although a cartoon I feel he shares a universal theme: We are all searching for love. No? Oh, Pepe Le Pew. He is very funny and quite well known in France. No thank you. I am Raymond. Thank you for allowing us to stay here. Glenmorangie is very good. J&amp;B? The new Beaujolais' come out in France next week. You like wine? He's right. Do you have any idea what Van Gogh's "Vase with twelve Sunflowers" is worth? Julien, what you're doing right now is a very normal psychological reaction to stress. You're projecting your anger onto us. It's simple. Bastaldi's moving up. He's closing down his operation and this is his way of saying thanks to all of us. The money isn't here. How do we know what room she's in? What? I think we went the wrong way. Watch this. Feel free to correct him if you want.You didn't have to kill Sophie. You want the tapes for yourself. You're going to sell them. What the fuck was all that about at the hotel last night? I thought we had a deal? And you're a dirty cop. At least I don't pretend to be something different than what I am. What about me? Aren't I a loose end? You didn't have to kill Sophie. You want the tapes for yourself. You're going to sell them. They don't have a murder weapon? A pass? How you gonna give me a pass? A witness can put me at the crime scene. I can get them -- but what do I get if I do? Look, I just want out of this nightmare. I don't know these guys. A few days ago I'm in Paris picking pockets and now I'm America's most wanted. Bullshit! She was alive when we left her with you. You killed her! Wired? I ain't wired. What are you doing? If you ever want to get those tapes, meet me in one hour at Grant Park near the statue. Do you know who this is? So Bastaldi makes a deal with the Feds to trade up for his brother? Did you have to use that much explosive? I will. Does it really matter what I say? No, that would have left me with nothing because all of you would be dead. Hey, who warned you that they were coming up to the room? What? Some bread and... Anybody hungry? What's he joking around for? He's been shot. Get out of the room! You've got company coming up. I'll meet you at the Chevy. Even if we get out of town and go to another airport I'm sure the FBI and Chicago P.D. has alerted customs. It's not your fault, Daniel. Hadley -- All right, knock it off. It makes sense. I mean, do you really think he would come along if he knew we were being set up? We have to find Sophie. They'll be waiting for us at the airport. No. Chicks dig me. What's the big deal? It's not like I was on guard duty or something. How'd it go? I don't know. Daniel, how would you say it went? That's Frankie Zammito. The Under boss of the Chicago Mafia. I'll be Elvis and you-- We've got to be careful not to use our real names while we're in here. After the outside alarm is off we go in through the bedroom window. Hi. I'm one and this is two, three, four and five. It doesn't matter where we go. Between Zammito and the FBI they'll find us. We have to end this here. We've got to get out of here. Hey, it's not your picture on the TV, it's mine. So, try to be cool. Yeah, but you did do it. So let's deal with that. No wonder Zammito didn't want us to walk out with this stuff. He's planning on killing Bonanno and taking over the family. C'mon, get real, will you. You think he's just going to forget about this? These guys are all about respect. All about honor. He's coming after us, so we might as well take the money. This kind. They don't serve wine here. Hey, I was told to come here by Marcel. You guys don't want me, I'll be more than happy to leave. You know, a little of this, a little of that. I've boosted cars, stole radios, run a few scams. Right now I'm into pick-pocketing. I'm Sami. Marcel sent me. No! No. No! You can't have the baseball! You're not entitled to the fuckin' baseball! This is great. After everything we've been through we've got eight hundred euros and an autographed baseball. Hey, you know you can't this in France. It's good. You guys used to work together? "Vase with twelve Sunflowers." No, that's not Mr. Taylor. We have a problem. Problem isn't the right word. Dilemma. No that really doesn't describe -- Do you know who that is? Okay. You can be Elvis. It's my idea. I've still got a few legal problems back in the States. Me? Yeah, I can see that. Oh, Marcel! I thought you were somebody else. If I knew it was you I would have never run. Glenmorangie. I'm more of a whiskey drinker myself. I say we make him pay first. After that you can do whatever you want to him. You're not helping. I said knock it off! Now as far as I'm concerned you two girls can bitch slap yourselves silly when this is over, but right now we've got to figure out what's going on. Where is it, Sophie? Wait here. Holy shit. Oh, you think? I'm glad you didn't get something flashy. He speaks about himself in the third person? He's right. The tapes give us leverage with Bastaldi. I don't know. It has to be at Sophie's. She didn't have time to go anywhere else before she came here. You wanna tell him? They send us to Zammito's house. The FBI is right across the street watching the whole thing, but they don't move. A crime is going down and they don't move. Why? Because they were waiting for us to come out so they could arrest us. I can't even hear myself think. You put a loaded gun in your bag and brought it through customs? How stupid is that? Well, you know, not all Algerians speak French. It's a matter of what school you went too. Me I never really -- Algeria. Why? Who are you waiting for? I really thought we had something special going. I can't tell you what a disappointment you've turned out to be. It's three in the morning. Not much else to do. I thought I'd listen to some of the tapes. See what's so important that a mob guy has to lock it away in his safe. It's not your fault. No. Who's gonna see it there? It's okay. It was a long time ago. No. I got it in prison. I went in for three years. When I came out she was married to my best friend. Happy? I don't remember. I was drunk. You ask a lot of questions. Something like that. Something like that. So you arranged to have the people you worked for robbed? Just lucky I guess. How'd you start working for the Bastaldi's? No, I like the bag. It would be good for the job tonight. You ever hear of jet lag? When do we go? Thanks.I don't know. I didn't look. The Holiday Hotel. A Wallet. A hotel room card. Some cash. No. It's just that the French guy had a gunshot wound on his neck. So, this is a homicide. Are you guys involved in this? Some French guy. At least that's what his passport said. You know Joey, I shouldn't be talking to you about this. Dead bodies. The ones in the Lincoln are your... associates.No shit? Yeah. How? I don't know what you're talking about. Uh huh. I'll get you the papers tomorrow. I don't know. Sell it. It's gotta be worth something. Someone gave it to me. C'mon Frankie, I'm trying to make good here. It's for you. A car. You gonna forget about the money I owe you? A little? Yeah. I'm going home today. What do you want, Frankie? You broke my arm. How the hell do you think I'm doin'? She doesn't know. She thinks I fell down the stairs. Jesus, Frankie, I'm your brother! Frankie, I --I swear man, I don't know. They packed up and left a half hour ago. All I got is one of their phone numbers in Paris. Jesus. What kind of FBI agent are you? Hey man, you can't do that! I dunno. They left about a half hour ago. Uh... excuse me, but don't you need a warrant or something? Cool. I know where she went. Yeah, I dig him. No problem, man. Hey, you wanna hit?And be careful when you get near the top. Zero has a very long one. And the Vodka. What about the money? You want Zero to kill him? We are being watched. Daniel grabs the binoculars and looks. We are tired and bored with your bullshit. So, put that stupid little knife away before Zero shoves it up your ass. And if there is, then Zero can kill someone? No one? Then why is Zero here? Where are you from? They killed our friend. It's personal now. Besides, if we do that, then Julien died for nothing. The tapes are the key. And how do we do that? We don't know that for sure. What does arresting us get them? How are we supposed to sleep with this noise? Zero did not put it in his bag. He put it in yours. -- Zero isn't interested in your life story. Who gets killed? And you don't speak French?Well, Li Mu Bai can do it. She's crazy. You should have killed her. I'll go and make up his room! Much better. You've been gone so long. You're back!Then leave her to me. This Jade Fox is a woman? Why were you spying on the Yus? Wait! I'm a friend!And if I use them to kill you? Why do you want to teach me? Go ahead. On guard! Stop talking like a monk! Just fight! Do you think you are a real master? What's it to you? I do as I please.Let's go! I'm just playing around. What's it to you?Believe me, I've a lesson or two left to teach you! If I hadn't seen you fight with Li Mu Bai, I'd still be ignorant of all you've hidden from me. I studied the diagrams. But you hid the details! Yes, you do! You are still my disciple. It's the Giang Hu fighter lifestyle... kill or be killed. Exciting, isn't it? Wherever we want. We'll get rid of anyone in our way. Even your father. You're already a thief. They wouldn't have found me if you hadn't stolen the sword. Like a little girl, you thought stealing would be fun? You, too, are responsible for that death. Come with me. You don't want to waste your life as the wife of some bureaucrat. Denied your talent... As a master and disciple we will rule. You're home late... or should I say early?Are you related to Li Mu Bai? You don't seem to understand. In that case, perhaps we could be of assistance. Hello. What is your name?That's a risk I'm willing to take. Deep down, you're good. Even Jade Fox couldn't corrupt you. I've always wanted a disciple worthy of Wudan's secrets. Why should I? You need practice. I can teach you to fight with the Green Destiny, but first you must learn to hold it in stillness. Real sharpness comes without effort. Then tell me where Jade Fox is. Like most things, I am nothing. It's the same for this sword. All of it is simply a state of mind. Where's your master? Isn't it a bit too late to be out? You've brought me the sword? Tell me, who is your master? My name is Li Mu Bai. The Green Destiny is mine. Jade Fox can't be your master. Where did you learn that "Xuan Piu" move? Who are you? Why is the Green Destiny in your possession? All right. Hurry. I will hold on as long as I can. Then you have no use for the sword. Kneel! What I've always wanted, to teach you. Let's end this here. Stop it! You don't deserve the Green Destiny. I've already wasted my whole life. I want to tell you with my last breath... I have always loved you. I would rather be a ghost, drifting by your side... as a condemned soul... than enter heaven without you. Because of your love... I will never be a lonely spirit. My life is departing. I've only one breath left. Shu Lien... My blood will soon reverse its flow. It's the same poison she used to kill my master. There is no antidote. Jade Fox drugged her. How did you get here? I'll look around and catch up later. We're close to your headquarters. Go home and check in. You're right, but I don't know what to do. I want to be with you... just like this. It gives me a sense of peace. Giang Hu is a world of tigers and dragons, full of corruption... I tried sincerely to give it up but I have brought us only trouble. Your hand, rough and callused from machete practice... All this time, I've never had the courage to touch it. Shu Lien... The things we touch have no permanence. My master would say... there is nothing we can hold on to in this world. Only by letting go can we truly possess what is real. All right. I'll write you an introduction. Take it to Wudan. Wait there for news from me. She's out there, but I doubt she'll show herself. We'll keep our eyes open. Sooner or later, she'll come for the girl. Just be patient with me, Shu Lien. I thought by giving away the sword, I could escape the Giang Hu world. But the cycle of bloodshed continues. For her, they might make an exception. If not, I'm afraid she'll become a poisoned dragon. That's not for her. She should come to Wudan and become a disciple. She needs direction... and training. You did your job well. But, this girl... I saw her last night. True. But I must borrow it for one last mission. Jade Fox must die at its edge. Did you know what you were hiding when you covered for that girl? I admit, getting it back makes me realize how much I'd missed it. Well, we had talked... I don't know it was stolen until I got here. That's not what I meant. I don't care about the sword. But your men are watching over Yu's compund? Have you questioned him yet? It says Jade Fox is hiding at Yu's. On the night of the theft there was a brawl near Yu's. Were you involved? Did you see who posted it? So I shall avenge my master's death after all. I didn't think she'd dare come back to Peking! Jade Fox? Impossible. What have you discovered? Sir Te believes it's a ploy cast suspicion on Governor Yu. Perhaps. First I must visit my master's grave. It's been many years since Jade Fox murdered him. I have yet to avenge his death. And yet I'm thinking of quitting. I must pray for his forgiveness. It's time for me to leave it behind. Too many men have died at its edge. It only looks pure because blood washes so easily from its blade. I am. He has always been our greatest protector. Perhaps I could ask you to deliver something to Sir Te for me. Something I can't let go of. You are leaving soon? No. I didn't feel the bliss of enlightenment. Instead... I was surrounded by an endless sorrow. I couldn't bear it. I broke off my meditation. I couldn't go on. There was something... pulling me back. During my meditation training... I came to a place of deep silence... I was surrounded by light... Time and space disappeared. I had come to a place my master had never told me about. I left the training early. Yes. Fine. It has. How's business?"A faithful heart makes wishes come true." Jen... I will. You must decide. You might get tired of this life. You might begin to miss your family. If it were our daughter, we'd look for her too. She would miss us. Jen... I want you to be mine forever. I will make my mark on the world. I will earn your parents' respect. We have a legend. Anyone who dares to jump from the mountain, God will grant his wish. Long ago, a young man's parents were ill, so he jumped. He didn't die. He wasn't even hurt. He floated away, far away, never to return. He knew his wish had come true. If you believe, it will happen. The elders say, "A faithful heart makes wishes come true." It is trouble for me. Your father's men are still looking for you. They're still out there, circling closer. I am a man. And now I've found the brightest star of all. Out here, you always fight for survival. You have to be part of a gang to stand a chance. Slowly, your gang becomes your family. All that Dark Cloud stuff is just to scare people and make my life easier. When I was a boy, one night, I saw a thousand shooting stars. I thought, where did they all go? I'm an orphan. I used to look for stars alone. I thought if I rode to the other end of the desert, I'd find them. I've been riding in the desert ever since. I don't take orders from anyone. I'm sorry... I guessed wrong. I though you were a Han. Not true. I can use it to pick fleas from my horse. No more hitting on the head! All this trouble for a comb? Still in a bad mood? At least you're speaking. What's your name? You've got quite a temper. It's better this way. Well, there used to be! What's your name? I'm Lo. The Hans call me Dark Cloud. I'm not that tall or big, but I'm quick as lightning. You're tired. You need rest. Your horse needs water. There's a creek up here. Let's stop a moment. With all the traffic on your rooftop these days... it took me a while to get in here. I can't wait any longer. I was wrong to let you go. Come back with me. You'll be happy in the desert. You'll be free there. Jen!What do you have in mind? This is a delicate matter. Then someone's trying to set him up. We should inform Li Mu Bai. Yes, though I doubt he's involved in this. When it comes to emotions, even great heroes can be idiots. Tell me if Li Mu Bai is not more open the next time you see him. I'll give him an earful! Don't be coy. I've always known about your feelings for each other. All these years, it's a shame... neither of you is brave enough to admit the truth to the other. You're both wasting precious time. Li Mu Bai giving up his sword and his warrior days... maybe he's trying to tell you something? Please do not be such a stranger. You'll stay the night as my guest. Now, Shu Lien... tell me something. And forgive me for prying. Your father was a great friend to me, and I think of you as my own daughter. All right. I'll act as the sword's custodian. This is Li's personal sword, a great hero's weapon! He is the only one in the world worthy of carrying it. It's too fine a gift. I cannot accept it.Yeah, I think. Yeah, we're closed. So go away. Guys. Give me the two fifty and go away. I have five kids at home, I know how it works. I'm just not "it". Okay guys? Two fifty. No, I'm not it.Actually, my name is Cindy, the accent just helps me meet boys. I'll tell you why! Kan maaaaw Roy Orbison kin nah mah oh che. Sleeeeew sheek baw... Ting tao kuun jahn leeka leeka powww. Then I'm in. Just like Jerk-Off. But I came here to learn about America.Oh my god, are you alright? Actually we have something for you. You're it. Yeah, you are. He touched you. You're "it" until you touch someone else. Hey look, it's our teacher. Why didn't you tell us your boyfriend was Principal Collins? Okay. I, uh... changed for dinner. I get dressed for all my meals. Except breakfast and bath-meal. Boy, it's hot in here. Mind if I open a window? Coming. Are you kidding? I'll be down in a "I-crapped-my-pants." Are you kidding? I couldn't be more okay. Very good. Back in a jiff. Po, po, position...? Hey, here's thought, have you a bathroom? I'm fine. She says that she's got more important things to do now that the new mall opened. That's okay. Lloyd's really the one teaching the class. Hard for me? Hard for me? Hard for me? Hard for me? You had questions? Yeah, but I'm buying. Ooh gross. Gotcha. O'clock? Excuse me? We're all special. Everyone Lloyd and I chose for the class is special. Oh, you want to talk about your delicates? Yeah. Look at this polar bear. It hasn't moved in half an hour. And those Eskimos over there...I'm sure at least one of them is a mannequin. A-ha! I had a feeling it was all a fake. MS. HELLER said not to talk to you. Tomorrow we go on a fee-eee-eee- wald twrip. Do you thill want to do an arwticle on me, Jethica? Heddo Jeth-ica. HARRY Dunne. Four colors? Neato! Yeah. How'd you know? Depends how you define 'new'... In the new library there. Well I hope the carpet matches the drapes. Famous? I've never heard of it. No, I'm fine thanks. Well la de da. Then what are we doing sitting around yapping? Let's eat! Oh Lloyd, you gotta taste my Mom's pie! Is it okay if he spends the night? Mom, you know that never works. Maybe the treasure's a chest full of apples and bananas! I know I am, Mom. You know Mom, like in the pool. Wow just like Marco Polo. Wow, a treasure map! What's the treasure? I'm just not ready. Is it true what you said to Captain Rob? I know. Beats me. It's Jessica's Dad - she said he's really anal. Sorry, Charlie. No Lloyd. Chicks are for fags - I'm not going to do it. Well, what should we do? She's one of a kind. What? The one on the left. Right. Yeah, we should never let a woman come between us again. Oh my God! She's two-timing PRINCIPAL COLLINS! Well, that's too bad, this is his day. Hey there goes Principal Collins! Oh, good. There's Jessica. Start the tape, Lloyd. You're a great teacher, Lloyd. Oh my god. Can you believe your ears? Guys, this is much better. LLOYD, what I'm saying is we may already have what we want. Wait, wait! Ready Lloyd? Yes. Screw George Washington. Just like Marilyn Monroe did. That's it. Build him a float for the Thanksgiving Day parade! And like she said, do it before the parade. That's what Jessica was talking about! What? What did we do? Right. She's so proud of her boyfriend. What was it Jessica wanted us to do with this chest again? That's because Captain Rob is not a pirate. We've been through this. Hey Lloyd. This looks like another one of your mix tapes. Do you know what this means? I don't know who we are anymore. I... found that rock. I made the polar bear pants. But my mom gave me the map. You know Lloyd, the real treasure is our friendship. Well, I'm listening now. You found my treasure? Why didn't you tell me. Hey, look. Ice cream. Cute puppy. Hey, let's go spy on them. No wonder we both struck out with her. Who can compete with the sexual power of the man who occupies the highest office in the land? PRINCIPAL COLLINS is her boyfriend! Hey, it's Jessica. It's okay. I want the rush. Are, too. You're it. I know I did. Yeah, that's why I asked. What do you mean? We can't go in there or we'll be "it". Who? A blimp. No. What happened? Me, me, me! You wouldn't get it. Just a private joke between best friends. Good one, Captain Rob. He does look like a you-know-what. Yeah, he does sound like a rat fink. Do you hear something, Captain Rob? Yeah, right. Why don't you show it to your "girlfriend"? Go away, assface. You're right. Hey, thanks for the jet pack. Your fantasies are so much cooler than mine. Bye Mom. But- LLOYD, what are you doing? That's JESSICA and... my mom. Sure, I like a woman with some meat on her bones. What are you staring at, you ugly monkey? Don't snap at me like that. You're lucky I don't punch you right in the face. I bet you want your head scratched. Do you want me to pet your head? Hey, where did you come from? You have beautiful eyes. Yes. Good - thanks Lloyd! I'll meet you downstairs, I gotta find some clothes. She wants me to stay for dinner, I don't know what to say to her. I don't think so. I kinda screwed things up. Oh hey Lloyd, why are you here? Shut up! You can't marry my mom. Come on, Lloyd. You must know someone I can talk to. Some what? I think she wants me to come over to put me into the right position to check out her delicates, what ever that means. Yea! Well, I could go for a tall glass of polar bear milk right now. Oh. Sorry. You're right, field trip partner is a big commitment. Well... Uh...maybe... jeez, how can I say this... you and I could...perhaps ...maybe...uh... partner up? Who's your partner? Uh oh. Captain Rob's always been my partner. Wanna bet? How do you know it's for us? What? Yeah, but we still haven't found any treasure. Oh... that makes much more sense. I had a heck of time getting these drapes from my mom. You don't want to know where I put the cord. ...cause you said... LLOYD, where've you been? I've been waiting forever. I'm so embarrassed. There she goes, now wearing nothing but her underwear. Owww. My head is suddenly killing me. Maybe it's from all the learning today. I don't know. Owwww. Owww... refreshing. These are really cold, huh? Can he do that? You're it. Oh, no. You're not gettin' me again. Nice jugs. A. Slushee. Don't tell me. Abraham Slushee. Third president of the United States. Hey, teach, how'd you get so smart? I didn't know that. ...and who was Benjamin Franklin again? What's with horse-boy, now he's a bright shiny sun? No. HARRY. Collins is a great man! Shut up Lloyd. You're not married yet. I learned it from listening to you! I hate you! Shut Up! Buttlick! You're not my real dad. Shut up! Will not. LLOYD, she's my mom. She did not. What? If he heard you talking like that he'd make you walk the plank. Three, two, one. Now it's your turn, spin. Yeah, go-cart accident. I don't think so. This guy drinks rum from a barrel, says "yo ho ho" has a peg leg... What? No no. He's got a parrot on his shoulder, buries treasure... No! Captain Rob is seven feet tall, wears an eye patch, got a hook for a hand... Just a guy I hang out with. Oh, yeah. Well I almost always beat Captain Rob. Go fish. Maybe we should ask Jessica to join the class. Wow! It's a half-boy, half-horse. The boys walk up to him, impressed. ...oh also, we even have a slogan. 'S' and 'P' stands for 'Special People', which is the kind of kids we are. 'A' and 'Z' is for 'Aren't Zeros' because that is less then one, and when you put it all together it spells... We're part of a special class taught by the lunch lady, er, I mean Ms. Heller. Maybe you'd like to join us, it doesn't require any walking. One day they'll find a cure. The second R is silent. It'll be like taking candy from a stranger. Can we eat there tomorrow? Oh, is this your special place? Wow. Who's Principal Collins? God, she's beautiful. My wiener's all tingly. Yeah, it's nice. And your friend TURK is totally great. Me too! Oh my gosh, I don't think she's even wearing underwear! No. Why not? Don't we want them to talk to us? What? My mom says the treasure's somewhere in the school. No, it's a treasure map. I think it's just over there. I go to school where I live. Home school. Til today. Here I am bragging my Mom is the tooth fairy, and I'm talking to Santa's kid! Probably because we've never met. Yeah, she must do all the flying around when I'm asleep. HARRY Dunne. That's stupid! I happen to know my mom is the tooth fairy.Well save room for Mrs. Matthews famous baked brisket. We've got some margarine too if you'd like to scoop it out of the tub. The name's Walter. Uh... not a great first impression... Dinner's ready.What are you talking about? Can you believe it? I don't know if you'd call us "friends"... Duh. I'm in your class at school. Well I need to get a job and you're telling me that if I join up - I can really come and go whenever I want?That's gross. Hey, where'd you go? You take her. Try one in a million! That's the one I wanted. Damn! What are the odds? Okay. Which one do you want? Hold up. First, we have to decide who gets who, remember? No more competition? I don't think that'll happen. We've learned a valuable lesson we won't ever forget. Ya know Harry, I think this whole experience has soured me on women. And with that complete loser He's so modest. Probably embarrassed by all the attention. How could she miss this? This whole salute to Collins was her idea. Roger that, Wilco. Yeah! No more clicks and whistles! Now she speaks perfect English! PRINCIPAL COLLINS is a greater American than George Washington will ever be. HARRY, are we gonna build this thing or not? Put a fork in me Harry, lets get started. HARRY, we found the real thing to be thankful for. Screw George Washington! A float! She wants us to show the world what a great guy Principal Collins is. We never thanked him for giving us our Special Needs class. Something about showing the world what Principal Collins has done. That makes total sense. The treasure chest was in his office. Which means Principal Collins is a pirate! I'm surprised Captain Rob never mentioned him. Maybe the pirate who buried this treasure chest made it. Put it on. I have no idea - it's full of files and documents and tapes. Enough! Look what this cursed chest is doing to us. It was a diamond and you swallowed it. But I ate your Mom's pie. I lugged it all over town! How true. But I still feel I deserve more than you do of this treasure. I mean, I found it. Me, too. This is my favorite part of the tape. Three words. I did. But you were all mad at me and wouldn't listen. You thinking what I'm thinking? He must be on his way to pee out a fire. He's like the Pope. Like we're gonna snake a girl away from the Pope. Now it makes total sense why she didn't want him to know we were in his office the other night. That must be her boyfriend's car. No. Look. D2. Am not. Sorry, no further questions. You certainly did. If you have to ask, you don't know. Wow, we built a whole float in one afternoon. And now the reward. Hello, he only invented money! George Washington! A turd. A raft. Nothing. Why, whaddya hear? By the way, did Captain Rob mention how I beat the crap out of him this afternoon? The answer is George Jefferson. No one knows? HARRY, would you like to share with the rest of us what's so funny? Oh, telling inside jokes now, are we? That's it. You're out of the cool crowd. Next time Turk's passing out wedgies, you ain't gettin' one. Hey, there's no reason to use that kind of language! Captain Rob came back? JESSICA and I are through. I couldn't stand being with her knowing you liked her. It wasn't worth our friendship. Oh, and she also has a boyfriend. Did you hear what I said? The treasure! Like on your map! HARRY! I found the treasure! HARRY! HARRY, this is my fantasy! I suggest you leave - before I imagine something horrible. So, have you given him "some" yet? Now what are you staring at, you ugly monkey? Don't snap at me like that. You're lucky I don't punch you right in the face. I bet you want your head scratched. Hey, where did you come from? You have beautiful eyes. HARRY, can you hear me? Okay, I saw this in a movie once. Open the dining room window and follow my lead. Say what I say. You're always your harshest critic. I'm sure you're overreacting. Just wanted to see how your doing. Alright, if you really want to go down this road, well girl's like chocolate. It's really not up to you, Harry. But we just want you to feel like you're part of the decision. Sure I do. On one condition. You know... She's gonna be all over you like a barrel of monkeys, with her tight shirt and short skirt... Eeeww, it's so faggy I can't even talk about it. Oh yeah, buddy, you're gonna get "some". Who cares? Chicks are for fags. Sorry about that Harry, first time I've brought a friend up there. You okay? That's a cow, Harry. I'm kidding! Of course I'll be your partner. You and me? Dream on, desperado. I don't know. I haven't decided yet. Sucks for you. Nope. I was right. Duh. The cool kids sit in the back of the bus. Here, every row is in the back. We're all cool! Our own special bus. According to the map, we're just about at school. HARRY! Here he comes. HARRY, I said don't 'dress like a Queen'! Sorry. Why are you dressed like a Queen!? What a nerd. I don't know where that girl's ever gonna find a husband. And my mouph is frozen. Put some ice on it. Maybe I should go home and grade papers. Owwww. Ow... What do you want to do, HARRY? That's why you have to drink it fast, trust me. HARRY, he can and he did. And now it's on like Donkey Kong. Oh! Ho! Okay. You wanna go? You're it. They can't be real. And he invented fire. When you live in the basement of the school, you breathe in a lot of chalk dust. It writes out all the answers on your brain. Now how about a slushee? Welcome to public school, my friend. The pilgrim who used penicillin to kill Godzilla. Don't look directly at him. Okay. Anyone else have any questions? You look familiar. Did I have your brother? Now you see why he was elected principal? That would be me, sir. The wife made stew last night. Kids. Where did you learn that word? You take that back! I will stop this car right now. Don't use that tone with me, young man. I can't help my heart. And when I'm your dad, you'll have to do as I say. Who knows? Maybe someday I'll be your new daddy. Your mom made a move on me. Whoa. What was that? A-ha! You landed on Candyland! Now swallow it! Exactly! A pirate! Peg leg? Yeah, he's a pirate. Sounds like a pirate. I know the type. Lives in the basement, smells like a sponge... Who's Captain Rob? Got any crazy eights? JESSICA? Please hold for my reaction. Now that's more of what we're looking for. HARRY, what are you doing? She's a foreign exchange student. She doesn't speak the English. CHING CHONG ching chingy chingy chong chong. And nobody will make fun of your horrible deformity. You brave soldier. Oh, of course. H A R R Y... Sure, but first we have to find kids special, needy and classy enough to be in Special Needs. No, I just usually eat my lunch on the crapper. Saves time. Out with the old, in with the new. You know, you're the first person I've brought here. The principal. Shift to your left. Yeah, he's aces. Thanks, Turk! You know Harry, this is my favorite time of day. How nerdy is that? I'm wearing two pairs right now. Well, besides cooties and other medical reasons, they're not in the cool crowd. Which I am, and you want to be. Know what I mean? No no no no no. Yeah, dangerous cult. Don't make eye contact or they might talk to you. You're it. I don't know. I'm pretty familiar with the school and I've never seen that "X". But... I do know something. Cool. Is that what I think it is? Me too! Home school? What's that? I haven't seen you around here before. No, that's not it. Anyway - LLOYD Christmas. No thanks, not hungry. Harry Dunne. Why does that name not sound familiar? Your mom is the tooth fairy? That is so cool! You could've saved that for the tooth fairy! Principal of jail. Wow. What a promotion. "My dream date with Principal Collins." HARRY's treasure chest? Sure. I know where that is. ... If I may quote the twentieth century poet - Joe Piscahpo: You look Marvelous... Looks like the best man won. Boyfriend? What about all that talk about riding my waxer? This is so embarrassing, it's never happened before. Well, maybe a couple of times, but I was alone. That was fast. Well, did you at least enjoy it? Me too. I'm almost there. What are you doing? So no small talk? Good, 'cause I don't know how to make that. Yep. Small talk. Not for me. Not a fan. Got any hobbies? How 'bout this weather? Maybe it's this mix tape I made you. Or maybe these flowers. He gives Jessica the flowers and tape. Oh, go on. Tomorrow night? Principal's office? Yeah, I guess I can swing that. Come on, I live with the janitor. I have a key to every room in the school. I know, you want go for a ride. You know, "some". The fag stuff. Checking up on my friend, Harry. Do you want me to pet your head? Don't answer me. Say what I say. Why ith dat newth? If dou're trying to get in, dou're doo late. Hey, Turk rescued you from the nerd. You're in! So I'm an "arrrrrs-hole", eh Captain Rob? You really are a pirate. Oh my God, it's really you. You're HARRY's friend, right? Do I know you? You were born free and free you should remain. You can bring whatever you want, little friend. That's the downside. There is none. Of course it does. Obviously in denial. Maybe we can help. Hello, little orphan boy. What happened to you? Uh-oh. Harry? Ha! I said "doll-hairs." Psych! But a deal's a deal, my friend. In you go. Do we have a deal? Go in there and get us two slushees. It's too close to call. Okay next contest, now lets... Oh yeah, give it to me. Have you got what I want? Mrs. D! I was hoping you'd show up. Hey can be on top? I liked it a lot. Well he missed a great pot of stew! Thanks for the grub, Mrs. D. Where's Mr. D? So I guess you'll need a new spot for your moonshine. We're not crazy. We're "special". PRINCIPAL COLLINS wants us to have our own classroom! Class, please study on your own. There seems to be a family emergency because there's no other reason why my father would interrupt me WHILE I'M WORKING! Thanks, Pop. Obviously. Or maybe crossing a river! Sorry, Ms. Heller. I think they're used to me teaching. Will that be on the midterm?Don't play with me dear, you're way out of your league. Then where did you get this not my tape. Well, what have we here? It appears be a tape. I'm going to ask you one last time and if I don't get an answer, I don't even want to think about the consequences which would be frightening to say the least. Where's my chest, Jessica? Not to expect you tonight. One phone call from the principal will take care of that, my dear. Oh I think you do. Poor question. Too wordy. A good question gets right to the point. Example, where's my chest? You had some questions. No... no it's not horse, you see I sold the horse. Well there's a reason why that mascot isn't a stallion anymore. I sold all the wind instruments. Hawaiian Air, business class. And you like that new fur coat? Yes. So as soon as Zimmer shows up, we'll get our check and blow this pop stand before anyone finds out anything. Why don't you see to it the kids are ready for the parade tomorrow. I have to pay somebody a little visit. Okay, I'll take care of Jessica. JESSICA. Are you sure? No you don't know who stole it. Just let me do the thinking. I don't know where it is. It's not here. It's been stolen. Sweetheart keep up with me for half a minute. The evidence of every scam we ever pulled. The evidence that's going to put us away for twenty years. The documents. The photos! The tapes! The evidence. The chest! The chest that I put my papers in. Just like the President. Everything. Just for the record. Oh, things. Photos. Tapes. I tape everything that goes on in this office. No. No. I heard from Superintendent ZIMMER this morning and evidently he's so impressed with our Special Needs class, he's bringing Richard MOFFIT himself to the Thanksgiving Day parade- check in hand. Well I've got a little surprise for you. What? Who's there? And you are great in bed. And, take some more pictures. So far so good. We'll need more pictures. Why don't you take them on a field trip tomorrow. Yes! I think you'll make a good teacher. Aloha means hello and goodbye. Maybe someday. Aloha cold weather, aloha hot weather. No. No. That's not it. We don't kill him. We don't kill anybody. But I like the way you're thinking. You're focused and you're trying to follow. No, what we need to do is start a fake Special Needs class. Anyway, the state is giving a hundred thousand dollars in his name to every school that has a Special Needs class. Yes, it's the big potato. Just have a look at this. Small potatoes. This one is big time. This is visionary. This idea is genius. You know honey, I've finally figured out a way of bilking enough money from the school to get us that condo in Waikiki. And I you. Good. Good. Good. Well, that's good.I reckon so. My boy's special, well how about that. I knew you were different. What are you crazy kids doing in my tool shed? LLOYD, may I see you a minute? Senior year. My little boy. Who woulda thunk it? You're a good kid, Lloyd. I don't say it enough, but I'm proud of you son.Fine. Give me the doll hairs. Yeah, deal. Give me the two dollars. Okay. Sure.Wait a minute. I can spend the whole year in a class taught by the lunch lady? Can I bring my girlfriend? How much homework is there? What? It's nothing, the cast comes off in six weeks. Skateboard.CHING CHONG, What happened to your beautiful Asian accent? I don't get it. Why'd you make him a pirate? ... to the tune of "Only the Lonely" by Roy Orbison. ... flying gracefully... over the rice fields. She's saying... a beautiful swan... Baby listen, there's nothing more American than not doing anything and getting away with it. You're just jealous. Special Needs class. TURK, leave him alone. You're coming too.But we don't drink from the house do we. Yes you are. Well you know Detective, he's expecting 'Moffit' to be someone who has... certain... well... Collins can be a pretty crafty guy, what do I do if he smells the trap. I'm not sure if I can do this.Blow me. Yellow means go, Kimmy. Blow me. Yellow means go, Kimberly. Yeah. Who does he think he is? Knight Rider? Calm down, Kimmy. It's not drugs, just weed. Blow me.Evan Shaeffer's dead. Guess he wasn't as lucky as we thought. Good. Cause we just got some new info and I don't need you getting freaky on me. I thought we were finished with this bullshit. This is police work, not the psychic Hot Line. Tell me you didn't start up on that Flight 180 shit again. Did you?So if you never got off the plane, none of us would be alive in the first place. I'm not sure I understand. Um, Clear? I'm sorry...about before. I... What, you think Death planned for each of us to die in the pile up weeks ago? You're nuts. Jury duty? That's randomly selected by social security numbers.Dano, shouldn't we stop and help your mother? Dano, shouldn't we stop and help your mother? Who? A Trans Am. That shit went out with New Kids on the Block. Yeah, you should have specified. Dano, shouldn't we go back and help your mother?She did. Take a guess. We had a fight. Some things got broken, the dog went crazy, she left me. Wouldn't say where she was going. No. What's this about? Maybe. What's this about? What?I don't know what I'd do if I lost you. There were so many times I didn't think I could last another day. I can't even tell you some of the things I thought about. I'm sorry. I'm just so happy that you're safe. What feeling? I mean it. Take care of it. Your car's leaking either transmission or brake fluid. I want you to have it checked ASAP at a gas station. Kimberly? It's Dad. Your mother would have been so proud of the way you've handled yourself through all of this... I know, honey. I just -- Fix-A-flat? Road flares? Sunblock? Mace? You have everything, Kimberly? Credit card, cell phone, AAA card?Freaked me out so bad I hid in a shopping cart for four hours. 'Course, missed the show... I had tickets to go, but one day I'm in Paris, trippin' on acid, sippin' lattes an' such, and this dude gets whacked by a falling sign. That lucky bastard. Yeah, so what happened? But why single me out? What am I in the great scheme of things? You'd think I stepped off Flight 180 or something... Fucking weird, man. Here's what I don't get. For nine months, Death does all this shit to make sure I win these tickets and end up on Route 18 at exactly the right time for the pile up... Anyway, I guessed it right and won these. Last July I dialed a wrong number and got a radio station by accident. They asked me what number means "good luck" in Jewish. Just shut the fuck up and maybe you'll live. Yeah, I hate to love and leave ya, but I've been over this X-Files shit since the sixth season. Would you take these? And if I die... Could you throw all my drugs out? Paraphernalia, porno, you know... Anything that would break my mom's heart. And you're gonna die after me, right? When I die. Is it gonna hurt? Can I ask you a question? The best way to get to Yankee Stadium is Route 18. Hey, don't be knockin' the Chevette.I've got to stop and help those people. Damn, they always stick me with the clunker. Hopefully the district judge can straighten it all out by Monday morning.Don't sweat it. It's over. Then the only way to survive is to get to the hospital and protect Eugene and Isabella for as long as we can. Here we go. The vehicle's a delivery van registered to Jorge and Isabella Cruz. And Christ, there's almost a dozen domestic disturbance complaints on these two. Taken care of. Remember the onramp? There was a pregnant woman in a white delivery van. Should we knock? What? You've made your point. Look, you weren't there. It was weird. She knew that log truck was gonna cause an accident, she knew. Never mind. Of course not. That would be irresponsible and unprofessional. Does she have a cell phone? A way we can contact her? What was the fight about? May we come in? Are you Jorge Cruz? I'm Officer Burke. I'm looking for an Isabella Cruz. Yeah, don't make me cite you for harassment. I know. I can feel it too. That's crazy. You can't give up now. We can still fight this thing. Then what's the premonition of the lake supposed to mean? Impossible. She was on the onramp. But it's over. Isabella's baby was the key. You saw her die and everything, right? Are you okay? You just face planted! No time. Keep going. I wouldn't know how to explain any of this anyway. Kalarjian? I wasn't worried about us. Um, Kimberly? This is a neighborhood. You may wanna slow it down. Stop it, don't move him! You said she was going to drive into a lake. How can she when she's in protective custody? Guys, let's not panic. Isabella's safe. Whoa, nine months? Hey, I'm a police officer, remember? Shit, I don't have her number. She was never interviewed. She took off right after the accident. It sounds all well and good, but what if we're wrong? New life defeats death? Follow the signs? Where the hell did you find that guy? Who is this guy, anyway? I did. And right now, I don't think she cares. Nora's not coming. She refuses to leave her son. Hold on. I'm not following you -- I didn't. Until I was dispatched to clean up one of the Flight 180 survivors. I know. I've gotten calls all morning from everyone who was on the onramp. We're all meeting at my apartment tonight. I tried calling last night but your father -- You mean Alex Browning. Like what? Do you remember what triggered it all? Tell me again how it started. Alright miss, calm down. I just need this lane open. I need you to pull your vehicle onto the shoulder! What's going on here?You think the tooth fairy's gonna come tonight? I'm thinkin' like fifteen bucks. You think... You think those guys were b.s.-ing us today or what? Mom? Jeez, Mom, stop trippin'. Who am I, David Blane? Damn, it really hurts, Mom.No, no... listen, when I get back to New York we'll meet with the Board. Chain saws. Hey, smart-ass, I'm up here right now in a... luxury alpine retreat, with a two million dollar view of the lake. You tell them if they come up to seventy-five, I'll cut them in on the Crystal Lake package. Fifty? We need seventy-five. Really? How much? Hello? I want to look at the rest of the house. There doesn't seem to be any water damage. Kind of cozy, actually. Help me with this. Structure might be salvageable... let's see what the interior looks like. You learn something new every day. Let's go. You have a map. Yeah? Great. Get rid of them. Jesus Christ! I don't think you're getting in the spirit of things, Janet. We'll buy whatever studies we need -- Beautiful trees... sturdy trunks... lots of branches... We can do some great logging up here. We're not talking about truth, we're talking about perception. And the perception is that Crystal Lake means inbred psychopaths running around the hills with axes and hockey masks chopping up teenagers. That, my dear, is what we call an _image problem_. And do you think they like the fact that half the country thinks Crystal Lake is filled with corpses? Do you think they like the fact that tourism has dropped ninety-eight percent in the last ten years?You want to put in chain saws? Don't tell me you're still thinking of buying Casa de Psycho... Ken, we've been through this... Fifty. Ken, it's Bruce. Listen, we've got a nibble on the Pendleton financing. Janet, goddamnit, what's going on? Who's there? Janet, are you okay? Are you there? Yeah. Ken said there was another guy there... _big_ guy... then he dropped the phone. What's going on? What about that other guy? Where's Ken? Is he all right? Who is this? What's going on?Who? What happened? What? Some kind of emergency back at the Sheriff's Station. Four deputies shot... some kind of explosion... I don't know what's going on, but they're panicking back there. I can't wait to hear your opening argument. "Ladies and Gentlemen of the Jury... the Defense will prove that Jason Voorhees did not kill all of these people. They, in fact, committed mass suicide and then buried themselves in his back yard..." Ruby, come on. You witnessed a brutal triple murder and you're having trouble accepting it. Think about what you're saying. You really expect a jury to believe that Jason has a mystery killer living in his tummy? You're about to be a media darling -- you might want to dress the part. And we're in the center ring. You sure you want to wear that blazer? That's my job. I'm not sure I'd call them murder exactly. More like a couple of bar fights that got out of hand.Take it easy, Ruby... it's all right. Now, try to think clearly... don't you mean _Jason's_ hand... don't you mean he grabbed a scalpel and slashed Doctor Layton's throat? Who's chest? Ruby... this guy almost took out an entire Tactical Response Team. You can't expect me to just leave you -- That's right. Wasn't on any of the maps... we could barely see it through the underbrush. Place must've been abandoned for twenty years. Compared to this guy... amateur. Shit. We're still putting the victim list together. You'll need a forklift for the case file. I suggest you hire some help, and don't expect to get a lot of sleep for the next few months. You're about to defend the most notorious serial killer in American history. Your... client is being booked right now. He'll be in cell five.Yeah, I'll stay. Ok. Oh, hi, Elaine. Hello? Oh, great. I'll talk to you later, bye. Just get me out of here as soon as you can. Yeah, they told me. Can you get me on a flight Thursday night? Why are you crying? Thanks. Yes. Yes, no. That'd be great. I'm just leaving.... do you have my jacket? Charlotte? Why can't it last? I don't want to go back tomorrow. That's what you said the other night. Tomorrow. I'm sorry. So, where'd you go today. What do you want to drink? You're a brat, wasn't there anyone else around to lavish you with attention? No, we'll find something around here. I don't want to be. Yes, but no, I can't right now. Do you know where we are? Do you ever see him? Where's your husband? Yeah, look at that thing. We should get you to the doctor. What happened to your toe? Nice one. Four. It's for my daughter. They really have to work on that street name thing. Because that would be too easy. You are. I know. Where'd you grow up? But, it's great being with them, after they can talk, and can do things with you. When they're born its like Vietnam. It's terrifying. We used to have fun, she used to like to go to places with me for my movies and we would laugh at all the weirdos, but now she's tired of it all. She never wants to leave the kids, she doesn't need me, and they don't need me, I feel like I'm in the way. It gets complicated when you have kids... that changes everything. We established that we have no communication. It's hard. We started going to a marriage counselor. That's ok. You'll figure it out. I'm not worried about you. Keep writing. Thanks. It does, the more you know who you are... you don't care about things the same way... No, yes, it does... You're possessive. No, for a candlelight dinner, yes, for her show. I got a fax today from your friend Hiromix. No, I was looking at you. Ok, whatever you want. I don't know. My fax said "have a good fright". I know, I kind of blend in here. No, you smiled. Yeah, you don't remember? But the first time I saw you was in the elevator. I don't know. No, its easy. Hans was very attentive to you. I see them every morning. Yeah, I'm going to take a shower and I'll meet you downstairs. Of course. Charlotte, who? Hello? I know. I don't either. Ok. No way. Hi, Charlie. A Soul's Search: Finding Your True Calling - are you reading this? I know, it's stupid. Ok. I'm here for the week. No, how about you? Hi. Did you have a nice swim? Who do I have to fuck to get off this planet? Thanks. It takes a while to figure it out. I'm sure you will, though. Oh, what do you do with that? What did you study? What do you do? Yes... I don't know, I don't know her anymore. I don't know if you can be in love with one person the whole time. I was... actually I was in love with her sister first, when I was twenty-one. And one day her sister said to me she wanted to move to Paris, so I said okay, and she said no, she wanted to move to Paris with Francois, and she's still married to him. And I moved in with Lydia... but I always really liked Lydia. I'm thinking about it. Try twenty-five. How long have you been married? What about you? Why are you here? My wife needs space, I don't know my kids ' birthdays. Everyone wants Tiger Woods, but they could get me, so I'm here doing a whiskey commercial. Yes? I don't think so. Yes? Oh? Yes? Bye. Ok. Tomorrow. That's ok. Yeah. What? It's ok. I couldn't hear you. How are you? Hello? Hello? Yeah, I'll be fine. Bye. Oh, come on. Like Japanese food. Not all that pasta. You know, eat healthier. I don't know... I want to be more healthy. I want to eat better. I don't know. That's not what I'm talking about. Ok, whatever you think... I'm lost. Uh, no. Hi, Lydia. Hello? I love you, too, good-night, or good- morning . It's four in the morning... I'm going to go to sleep. Yeah, its really different here. He was this fashion guy, and there were all these Japanese fashion people- it's a whole other world, and I was talking to these Japanese surfers... He was playing all this great music- I have to find out what it was... Lydia, I went to this great house tonight, this guy designed and built, you would have loved it. Lydia? Hello, can I have room 5601. Hospital? How do you say "hospital" in Japanese? Great. Ok. Hello?It'll just be a few days. Ok, definitely call them, I'll be back Friday. I love you. Are you sure you want to stay? I gotta go... and I don't really like champagne. Oh, the record company sent these... It's ok if you are. You don't have to be embarrassed. A Soul's Search: Finding Your True Character and calling? Is this yours? Its bad for you. Will you please stop smoking? I don't know. Yeah, I think you're probably right... because when you try to... See you later. I gotta go to work. I got some hair stuff. What? That's ok, you'll figure it out. That's ok. No, what are you talking about. Ok. You wanna come? I gotta go meet Kelly for a drink downstairs. She wants to talk about some photo thing. Good...I'm tired. I'm not, but do you have to point out how stupid everyone is. Its just a pseudonym, it doesn't matter. What? Oh no... Uh..thanks. Have you met Charlotte? My wife. We're here for the week. I'm shooting in Osaka for a few days. I'm just here shooting this band, what about you?One moment. Hello? Yes? One moment, please. Excuse me? Thank you, Mr. Harris. Do you want I send it to your room? Mr. Harris, we have fax for you!You mind if I ride with you? Or worse, we'll have a hostage situation on our hands. Every step of the way. I'm sure if our departments cooperate we can find out the truth. That's the point. He slipped up, and he's desperate now. And that means he's all the more dangerous. Our agency monitors all threats very carefully, and there's good reason to believe Jim Trudell has the training, the connections, and the experience to present a clear threat to the public if he remains at large. I don't think you understand. I don't mean shuffling papers in an office, I mean Jim Trudell worked classified assignments, special forces...sabotage...until last year. He was brought up on charges of espionage, but the charges were later dropped, and he sprang the service. We did a little digging on Jim Trudell at Sergeant Zydowski's request. He's 31, no priors, and he's been working for the military for ten years. Your department contacted our agency regarding information on Sarah Williams. Captain Doyle?Yeah, stick around, you might learn something. Alright, we know who we're looking for. Play it cool until the time is right to make a move. Let's not pull any gangbusters shit or we'll lose him again. If you guys want in, fine. Just remember this is our jurisdiction. Cooperate? If what you're saying is true, then why would he have killed two police officers? A man like that would want to lay low, if he was planning some kind of damn sabotage mission! Yeah?..well what are you getting at? You saying he has an agenda down here? We ran the i.d. I could have told you that. Yeah - I heard - nothing came up. What can I do for you? Yeah? Well why don't you sit this one and get some rest...you look like shit. CUT TO INT TUBBS' APARTMENT - NIGHT Something wrong with you Marvosa? That's got to our secret agent man! Do we have an address? Just wondering if maybe they had a thing going with this hooker, you know, some connection. Where do you come from, Marvosa? It's kind of a funny coincidence, isn't it? Well don't you think that's odd? So you must have known Fleming... and Stanton - Did you start out area six? When did you join the force? You know, the police force, the place you work... Our getaway car. You said a cell phone? Fine - I'm sure you can handle it. Now I want to do an alley-to alley sweep beginning at the north and south ends from Marine to 30th. Foot beat units continue on the boardwalk. If you can trail him to a remote area do it. We all want a piece of him but let's keep our heads and stay within the law - we got people everywhere out here. Let's roll - Find out for me. But what was a hair dresser from Malibu doing 60 miles away in some dive bar? Sarah Williams left the bar with Trudell on her own. I didn't hit shit! Don't take any chances. Call for back-up this time! We're all gonna fan out! C'mon, let's do a sweep of the alleys - Great. Well that changes a lot... What the hell is this Marvosa!! I don't know how you're used to doing things, Marvosa, but it sounds like some damn sloppy work to me! Why didn't you call for back-up! What were you thinking, Jesus!!! What the hell happened? we've got kidnapping, grand theft auto, burglary, and two counts of murder on you, and I'm gonna see to it personally that it sticks! Did you report it stolen? I tell you one thing Trudell - you'd make a hell of a cop... Are you alright? Yeah, it was opened - with a goddamn screwdriver!!! So... to get the car back, you break into her house. Anyhow... you wake up and she's gone. But-- --this is my favorite part-- she leaves you the keys to a brand new Beemer. Who am I? I'm gonna be your worst fucking nightmare until you start breaking it down for me. You understand? Where did you get the car! Alright, where is she? And what did he do to the girl? Now you listen to me hay-seed! If you don't want to spend a year in jail for making a false report you'll start giving me straight answers, you got that!! Mm-hmm...that's not what the bartender told us. Did he harm the girl? And he took a swing at you? Well let's get his ass to the garage! Some lead... And where the hell is Marvosa? Vice...you think they had something to do with this dead hooker? Something I don't already know? No Zydowski I didn't read today's paper - it's just going to irritate the hell out of me. That's great Zydowski, you tech guys are really on the ball. Harding - call the print lab at the FBI, run the prints through their library, see if it's less screwed-up than ours... What? Wait a minute - Yeah? Zydowski. It's about time. Yeah? Good! We'll get it to the nearest outlying station and hold it for prints - we're on our way - You coming? Speak of the devil. Where is he?!! Who is it?It wasn't in the cards. I'll live... I didn't break in - the back door was open! She stole my car!! I'm done talking until I get a lawyer. And who are you? No - Where the hell is my car? There's something I've been meaning to ask you, Stephanie. So you know about Marvosa, and Stanton, and all of them. What happened with the tape? What did you do then? Found what? And what did you do? Didn't these - professionals - figure he had a girl in the room? No, but I'm listening. What exactly did you see? Look what are you anyway? Some kind of spy? Well you figured wrong! And now I'm public enemy number one. You have an answer for that? Why did you set me up? What's going on here? Only on dates? You always carry a gun with you? Figure you would have tried it already. No... No... Seattle. Up north. Are you going to be alright? I'm going to need a way to get there. Tubbs, these people mean business. That was her - the girl... We have to go. It's not very much to go on...is there anything else we can check? Both at the same bank... A bank? What else is new? I gave all that up. I got tired of the lies. They wanted to stuff me in Levenworth to cover their asses on a botched assignment. It got so I didn't know who to trust anymore... ...some things never change, I guess. How about Marvosa and the others? OK...county tax records...they're saying 1490 Breckinridge is owned by... an Atlantic Trust Corporation...they have a P.O. box in D.C. I knew I could count on you. No thanks. How do you know they can't catch you on this thing? 1490...Breckinridge... I've got a better idea... I hope you haven't lost your touch with this stuff. I don't know. But I'm in trouble. I'm all over the papers. I have to figure out what's going on. I have nowhere else to go, Tubbs, I need your help! They're inside the department, they're everywhere - it's not safe. It was self-defense, Tubbs! They're dirty! I walked in on something, I don't know what - Yeah I'm sure! I did it with my own hands! I killed them. No... Hello Tubbs. Can I come in? Operator, I'd like to make a collect call - 213-467-0972... Please... It's...it's a long story. Can we meet somewhere? Tubbs listen! I don't know anywhere else to go! I need your help! Yeah... No...I'm in some trouble... Tubbs, it's me. Jim Trudell! Bravo company! You don't seem afraid of much. What would your - boyfriend - think? Bartender said there are motels south of here. Ditched you? Are you a regular there? Hop in. I don't have any real destination. I'm just going South. Well I've kind of had my fill of the place, you know what I mean? Where am I going? No. It wasn't like that! What? No - that's not it! She said her boyfriend stranded her up there! I didn't ask her to come with me!Nothing! He didn't do nothing! I was just having a little fun - Alright, alright! We were just fucking with him..you know? Hell, he probably raped her in the lot, dumped the body somewhere. That's what he was like - a real wacko. Yeah...the guy was psycho - I was just tying to protect the girl... The guy was looking for trouble, shoving people around, being an asshole...LAPD data center reports a breach on the system. An outside hacker has accessed files on Detectives Fleming and Stanton...and yours too, Marvosa. Captain? They found the getaway Mercedes a parking garage north of Venice. It checks out. I lost him - I heard shots - that way!! I don't know - but he's from the FBI. Captain there's someone here to see you - he's waiting in your office.Don't worry about me... ...and don't forget your helmet. You don't want to get a ticket. I can't help you anymore, Jimmy. I'm sorry. I told you I'm not going anywhere! I got my whole life in this place! I'll just destroy the evidence and play dumb. I'm not going anywhere! Shit, we just started. But I better log out of this. Ahh, shit. We're pretty much tapped out. I'm getting denied access all over the place... And look at the balances...these aren't police salaries... Who knows? Maybe he's ordering army knives. I can't access that, but look what we have here...these are the account records for Fleming and Marvosa. OK...Marvosa makes calls to this fax number overseas. And that's Switzerland's country code. You know this time, there's nobody that's gonna cover your ass. You're over your head this time. So...what happened to you, Jimmy? I figure you'd be in some far off place somewhere, living on the edge like the good old days. I'll access the LAPD mainframe, but we gotta be careful - that one's kind of tricky - I got a lot of free time, you know what I mean? I don't, but I'm pretty sure. It's a long story but I cloned a cellular linkup with a binary code scrambler and sent it through the phone network mainframe. If they start a trace it will be to a Pic'n'Save on Pico. Donut? Let's see what we got... OK, I'm logged on to the municipal network. I'm showing sixteen people with the name Sarah Williams in L.A. county. None of them live in Hollywood. Do you remember the address? OK...where do you want to start? Shit, what I have now made our setup in Angola look like Tinker Toys. I've been skipping through Internal Revenue records all day. I even have video strip poker. You want to check it out? Alright...alright...you've saved my ass enough times. What do you want to do? Oh man...what happened? Shit, you know what happens to me if I'm harboring a fugitive? I already think they're on to me! I thought you were the phone police for Chrissake! You gotta turn yourself in. Before it's too late - Jimmy, do you realize what you did? Man that's like death penalty shit - Oh, shit, shit, shit - I don't know about all this! You sure?! And?... Look, Jimmy, you know, I haven't seen you in eight years, you show up to my door like you're on drugs - now the least you could do is tell me what the fuck is going on! Yeah, c'mon in...you scared the hell out of me! Holy shit - This is Tubbs. Sorry I can't answer the phone, I'm out square dancing. Leave a message-- Jesus, man... Just what did you get yourself into, Jimmy? You are drunk. You know, it's been a long time and I'd love to catch up, but I really got to - Well...whatsamatter? Run in with the law? Well where are ya, what are ya, drunk? What? Yeah, and that's all I'm going to say. If you want to arrest me, go ahead... I asked him not to tell me where he was going. I told him I don't want any part of it. Long gone... MARVOSA Well you won't mind if I don't take your word for it, right? Don't you guys ever knock?Hammer, the fate of my daughter rests solely in your hands. Please. Will you help me? My Esther! Oh Mordechai. So why the long face? Take Esther with you, you'll need the backup. About an hour ago, we received this transmission from the North Pole. Mordechai. Thank god you're here. One last thing Hammer. You take care of yourself. The... Well, then I've got good news for you. We just got word that he'll be making an appearance at the Mall Of America today. I'm sending Esther to meet you there at once. You mean you want us to make copies of Yentl, Fiddler On The Roof, and Chaim Potok's The Chosen? What's your first move? A settlement completely demolished, ten smashed army jeeps, four dead Arabs. G dash D damn it, Hammer! You think you're above the Ten Commandments? Just find Santa Claus and bring him back to us. No heroics, got it? Alright Mordechai, now that we're alone I just want to say that I'm not happy about this. I don't want a repeat of that incident in the West Bank.I know sir. I won't let you down. There won't be any need for that sir. I love her sir. If I don't help you, I won't be able to make her my wife. Mohammed Ali Paula Abdul Rahim has agreed to come with me to the North Pole on a rescue mission. It's Esther. Santa's got her. No way, it's too dangerous. Besides, my days of hooking are over. Looks like I got a plane to catch. What's up? Good thinking. We'll disguise ourselves as a Gentile couple to pass undetected. Now that he thinks I'm dead, this should be a piece of homentashen. It was a trap. I'm back at square one. That'll work. Get them out to the Jewish community stat. We got an epidemic on our hands. Chief, it's me. Listen carefully. I need for the Worldwide Jewish Media Conspiracy to mass produce video copies of every Hollywood movie ever made featuring a positive Jewish protagonist as its lead. I'm gonna pay a visit to the K.L.F. See if they've got the 411 on Santa's location. I'll check in with you when I know more. I guess I could be chalant about it, but then again I'm not even sure if that's a word. Listen Chief, we could stand around arguing all day, but I gotta case to crack. Hey, it's your Bar Mitzvah. I'm just readin' the Torah portion. I got the job done didn't I? I did what I had to do. We go to the same temple. Esther! Esther! I love you too. I'm sorry about freaking out yesterday. I was wrong. What are you doing here? I'm sorry Esther, I just don't think we can see each other romantically anymore. Oh my god. She's become my pimp. And she's whoring her bitch-son out to the highest bidder. When did you guys have this conversation? When I was in the bathroom? What else did she have to say? Oh, she said that, did she? What else did Mommy Dearest have to say? Also, on a daily basis, I want you to tell me what to do, where to do it, and how I should live my life. Afterwards they'll make the decision as to whether or not they'd like to continue their religious studies in Israel. Because, hey, after all we'll have practiced the highly effective assertive democratic style of child rearing, sprinkled with a healthy dose of liberalism. I want for our children to go to private schools and take music lessons. Little Abraham will go to Stanford for college, Batya will go Ivy League, maybe Vassar. Oh. Okay. Yes Esther. You mean like disco dancing or doing the funky chicke...Oh. I get it. Sorry. I'm better with men. I said, yeah, about once a week! What was that!? Want to get a drink? Now we wait for Santa to make his next move. That got annoying fairly quickly. C'mon follow me. He must be behind that curtain. Relax. We're undercover. We need to give off the appearance of calm. You see Esther, the trick to undercover work is to try and blend in. Act as a Gentile would. Oy vey, I'm stuffed. I'm sorry to hear about Santa. He was a good friend, but my days... Your mother? Oh. Whoops. How is old Chief Bloomenbergensteinenthal? Is he still shtooping every girl he can get his hands on? Client notes. Sorry. What can I do for you? From the way she carried herself I could tell she'd been around the block a few times... Please, call me Mordechai. Mom! We're eating! ...I'm not finished yet, mom. Well I have news for you mom. It is good enough...I'm good enough and I won't leave here until I hear you tell me... ...and their children will all be able to eat latkes and spin dreidels, and light the menorah with the knowl... ...and the opportunity to help my brothers and sisters in the Jewish community. Mom, why don't you put that cat out of its misery? No. No. We're gonna argue. And you know what mom? I'm going to save Hanukkah just to spite you. And when my face is all over the television. When your friends are opening their Hanukkah gifts next year, don't mention it to them, okay? I wouldn't want you to have to show my picture. So don't show a picture. Mom, I have a real job. I do good things for this community. I help people. Mom, stop with this already. Of course I love you. You're my mother. Shabat Shalom mama. I brought some Manischewitz. The black label. I'll be in my office. But we're not open on Sundays. Anything else? Okay, what's the information? Happy Hanukkah Tikva. Everything's kosher. Watch him for me. Offscreen gunfire. That Jewish Atomic Clock stuff ate up a lot of our budget. Well that's good news for us. It means the system is outdated. This should be easy. C'mon. The alarm will trigger if the system detects any Non-W.A.S.P. tendencies inside the building. For example, if you were to dribble a basketball, or eat watermelon, or use the word dawg...that is, spelled with an aw as opposed to the letter o...within the confines of this workshop, the alarm would sound. Take a look. Wait! Before we enter, you need to know that my research has determined that Santa's compound is wired with the XP 2000 stereo type alarm system. Just praying to god that we don't kill ourselves going over this wall. Oh yeah. Take a look. But wait, there's more. With a few swift clicks of this hand-computer interface, commonly referred to as a mouse, I can download illicit pornographic material and even send it along to a friend via a cyber postal route known as e-mail. Now this might get a bit technical, but try and stay with me. Using a highly sophisticated connection of other computators, called the Internet, I can access surveillance maps, villian biographical information, and even sports scores with a few simple keystrokes of this electronic typewriter. It's gonna be tough, but the back entrance looks like our best bet. He's still working out some identity issues. Okay, look. I'm going to work really, really hard on this one. But, please stop with the pressure. I'm already tense as it is. Not if I can help it. You got any information for me? Actually, I...I don't. What does that mean? I'm back on the job for the JDL. You hear about that crazy white boy who took over as Santa? I shlepped all the way to the North Pole for this? I come to fight you, and you don't even put out anything to nosh on? What kind of arch nemesis are you? Where's my girlfriend Santa? Hey everybody. How's it hangin'? What are you doing? What's your shpiel, Santa? Let me guess, you're the goy who stole Hanukkah. If you keep your mouth shut and come with me, you won't get hurt.Hammer, you alright? What are you doing? Listen cat, I'll have you know that I hate the taste of watermelon and am a terrible basketball player. How do we bypass it? A stereo type alarm system? What are you doing? Porno? You're tellin' me that you can get porno on that thing? Man, that's far out! Hey, the Jets won! Cool. What's it do? I wanted to ask you, how were you able to pinpoint the exact location of Santa's workshop? We've been trying to gain that piece of surveillance for years. What's wrong with him? It's cool. It's cool. Aveenooh Shalom Alechem, brother. You watch your back Hammer. Hanukkah might just be his first move. For all we know Kwanzaa could be next. There's a lot of brothers counting on you. If you fail... Oh. It means that Santa's gonna fuck Hanukkah's shit up. Oh, most definitely. Got the brothers here in full alert mode. So Morde-chai, tell me, what brings your bad self down to the KLF?You got everything you ever wanted. Next time, make sure you put a barf bag in the centerfold. Holy stinkers, what were you thinking? Brilliant! Molly, give me all you've got. For Merk. I love those springy head puppies! No, leave one. Somebody's grandmother might want one. Chicks are like buses. If you miss one, don't sweat it. There's another coming 'round the corner. With a refrigerated cargo bed full of sirloin tip. You'll never believe who's in there. You're late, bro! A couple of boys fighting over a pair of red silk panties is nothing compared to what he's seen. I'd call you a sick, twisted fuck. But this is different. She wasn't your mother mother-- Take a whiff of heaven. ...where they get all the really good porno channels on cable. I'd feel like staying up all night! Forever! Or at least till I got the LAY of the land, SO TO SPEAK. Don't be such a pansy. All of this is YOURS. Then there must be a whole room, made completely of chocolate. Dead? Beauty? No. We're talking GODDESS. Check it out! Hurry. Check this out. Hurry! Yeah, whatever. I'd kiss your mother with this mouth. I mean, if she wasn't, you know... Oh. Well. Maybe not yet. I wonder how many of them will be at the orgy tonight? This is like my every wet dream come true. I don't even care that you're here, too, bro. I can't believe that's your mother. We're talking babe-a-licious chub fest, right here in the 501's. And like every hamburger guy knows, when you get your one big chance at the good life, you abuse every second of it until they figure out you don't belong there and kick your sorry ass out. Don't you know anything about limo etiquette? Everything in here is included for our pleasure. For a guy about to try his first Dom Perignon, you are extremely uptight. This is the life, baby. We get ourselves some tail and we're talking SPRING BREAK! ...A bouncer? Are you serious? Who the hell was your father? What are the odds of there being ANOTHER Ted Nelson on our flight? And nobody knows you're a virgin! Aw, who are we kidding... Nobody knows you barfed during junior high school graduation. Seriously, it's like we're being reborn. We really could reinvent ourselves here, just like you said. Nobody knows about your massive humiliation. Think about it...Long tunnel, bright lights, it's full of vaginal symbolism. Don't do it, Ted. Don't do it. That's crazy talk. You have a better chance of being hit by a Mack truck with a refrigerated cargo bed full of sirloin tip. One thing for sure, Christy Malone ain't lookin THAT good naked. The only chick more untouchable than Christy Malone is Miss April. "Hi, my name's Ginger. I love tofu burgers, rainy nights, and riding bareback. My biggest turn-off is cell phones during sex." Here's a tip: set it on VIBRATE, honey, and don't be stingy with the lube. Don't knock it till you tried it. She smiles at everyone, Ted. She's like a newborn with gas. That vibe is from your wrist, pal. You've been over-tenderizing your meat, again. Don't get me wrong. We can salivate over all the Christy Malones of our lives. Wishing we could devour them like melt-in-your-mouth filet mignon. But we're strictly hamburger guys. Ground chuck, sixty eight percent lean, is about the best we can hope for. Come on, bro. Spare yourself the humiliation, the degradation... God, I love being dead. These are real, live women? Let me get this straight... Oh, god. Look. Look. Naked girls, wild sex, video games. No wonder it's called "Heaven." He kicked major ass and you know it. Jealousy is so unattractive. You've obviously never had your dogs nestled in thousand dollar Italian loafers. We reinvented ourselves.We think you should give up the magazine. Sell it. Let someone else run it. Whatever it takes. We miss you. We miss our son. But that doesn't make you the boss of everything, son. We love our lives just the way they are. Ted, we put a lot of love in our business. I always wanted Craftsman tools. He even got me the limited edition Buckeye colors. Of course, dumpling. Its very nice of Ted but... We own a small family grocery store. I will not have my boys arguing. Watch your tone, mister. You ordered a Winnebago? Your mom said you've been ignoring your chores. Sorry I-- But those are our dreams, son. We have to make them come true. We're grateful, Ted. It's not that. Those Craftsman tools...they're a dream come true. Well, good. Every little bit helps. I know they were simple people, but did this trip help your college fund at all? Ted, it's your dad. I have a question for you. I don't know how to put it tactfully. You know I'm lousy with words. There ya go. Always remember, focus on the peach... Whatever helps you cope. Think of it as a rite of passage to manhood. Be a sport. How bad could spring break in Los Angeles be? They did do one great thing. They gave us our boy. They had a rough life. Your father was a bouncer. Your mother was, well, a two-bit stripper. There was no place for a baby. Son. Of course we are. I'm getting so good at this. The lesson being? You're way ahead of me again? Grandpa was so strong back then. Working from the crack of dawn. So proud of his peaches. I remember spring break of my senior year. Seems like a lifetime ago. We understand your disappointment, Teddy. Christy is a pretty, sexy, provocative, voluptuous... We...uh...we understand your disappointment.I see, so you'd be open to little ladies from Pasadena, who want to show you their knickers? What about the future? You planning to rock the boat at all? Stir things up in "Heaven?" Are they hitting you up for donations? Asking you to sponsor the local quilting bee? How are the hometown folks treating you, back in Xenia?From my wise, albeit youthful, vantage point, the world is your oyster. You scored big. You ever look down on them again and call them "grocers" like it's a dirty word, and you'll be sucking your filet mignon through a straw for six to eight weeks. Got it? But just for the record, my Mom is a kick-ass schoolteacher and my Dad is the best damn auto mechanic this side of the Himalayas. You seem to have forgotten they opened Nelson's FAMILY Market so they could build something permanent, a legacy, for us. Their kids. Look Ted. I'm cool with everything. You've long been dissatisfied with our mediocre little town. You've always had an itch for the good life. I'm happy for you. This couldn't happen to a nicer guy. I meant biologically. Funny you should say that. My Grandfather was a peach farmer. You can't come back. That is, you can, but your things will be in the room you currently think of as mine. Aside from the fact that Mom's eyes are nearly swollen shut from crying and Dad spends all his time under the car trying to fix stuff that isn't broken, things couldn't be better. Are you kidding? Mom and Dad discover I'm gone and I'll be doing hard time. Just a formality. If you could just sign right there. Mom and Dad said it's yours. They seem to think you're coming home. Better view, more spacious, new carpet. It's a no-brainer. I came to ask permission to take custody of your room. My new bike. They say money can't buy happiness but this is a reasonably good facsimile. Impressive. This is bigger than our whole house. She knew exactly where you were staying, which you neglected to tell me, your own brother. You can call me Jimmy again. Sheryl Petersen said James sounds too pretentious. Mom, Dad. Meatloaf has come to represent all that Ted hates about his mediocre life and the world we live in. He's what you'd call clinically bummed.Alcohol does horrible things to a developing young mind. Our state has a zero tolerance policy for underage drinking. Mr. Nelson, you disappoint me. First you break our school board rules. Then you break the law. I'm warning you. You're crossing the line, Mr. Nelson. Deaf ears, Mr. Nelson. I answer to a higher power. Rules are rules. We cannot afford free speech if it excises the moral fiber of this community! What kind of sick question is that? I'll be watching you, young man. Your money and power mean nothing here. Nothing. I never figured you for a pimp. That's a good start, yes. A very good start. Ted, you are the best editor this school paper ever had. You don't need to be pandering flesh. It's nonsense. It's beneath you. I'll be blunt. I know you can take it. I like you, Ted. You know that. I liked you before you were filthy rich.Except the girl. The only one that really mattered. We wanted to challenge the notions of classic beauty. We wanted to showcase women throughout the world. Get them together. And while you're at it, I'll take ten dozen of those puppies with the springy heads. Hell yes, all hundred and seventeen of 'em! I thought I loved her. I feel like I've just been hit by a Mack truck. It better not be my Aunt Trudy. Sorry. Ginger got a little, you know, enthusiastic. Yeah, he's probably been serving cocktails, SO TO SPEAK, at the orgies. Give me those! How would you like it if I did that to your mother's panties? Oh, how inappropriate is that! I feel like I'm entering a forbidden tomb... It's a lot to digest. Imagine how you'd feel. And some really fast cars. Our plane crashed. In the Grand Canyon. A big fiery explosion. We never made it to L.A. They needed dental records to identify us. And this place. This. Actually. Is. Heaven. I get it now. You and me. We're dead. Don't tell me. Another vision of incomparable beauty? What is it now? I better go, Dad. So far away? In Xenia? You kiss your mother with that mouth? Not ever. Never. This isn't some 80's porno film, you dip shit. There are no wild sex orgies. Be cool. Fake it if you have to. Perv. Wait a second, I thought we were hamburger guys. Cut it out, before you break something! Maybe he got promoted. Well, Dad said... Astronomical. Nobody knows about your constant masturbation. Nobody knows about your mental retardation. Poor Freud, turning in his grave. Any time, any day, a man can completely reinvent himself. I defy any and all limits. I defy your hamburger theory of life, and all of the unfulfilled hopes and dreams it represents. Someday, I'll find out. Were you always this sick? See? Did you see that? I genuinely think she wants me. I feel a vibe. That's Charlie. My best friend. He's into beef analogies, partly because he's a butcher's son, and partly because, well, he's just into beef analogies. What can I say? He's also a photographer... You and your pep talks. God, you are so hot. Come on, I was hamburger. You were porterhouse. You expect me to think at a time like this? There isn't a drop of blood in my brain. You have changed since second grade. I miss those days, when schoolyard sexual harassment was without consequence. That was code for "I like you." I remember the first time you walked into Mrs. Temple's class in 2nd grade. Blue gingham dress. Blond ponytail. Do it? I do? I mean, yeah, I do. Christy? You want to be in "Heaven?" Yeah? You like? So that's a maybe? So you'll think about it? But that smile. You like me. I like you. I guess it's pretty obvious to everyone. SHUT UP! Are you serious? Of course I will...of course. Yeah? Yeah? Ladies first. I insist. From your lips, to God's ears. Shut your pie hole, Jimmy. Why don't you just admit what this is really all about? I'm not your real kid and you can't control me anymore. THAT is your dream, not mine. My dream is so far beyond anything YOU PEOPLE could even imagine. I paid off the mortgage! I ordered that Winnebago you always wanted! Now you're ashamed of me? It's okay. You need me? Consider me your fairy godfather, except without the fairy part. No more mealy apples and bruised bananas, ever, for the rest of your lives. Finally, some gratitude. Dad, let's just say I can buy anything I want in the whole bookstore. Including the bookstore. Just say it, Dad. ...not the pit. I guess it's better than having tribal patterns carved in my face. Like one of those "National Geographic" specials with the topless chicks? I guess we could go to Disneyland or something. Yeah. I guess. Well, why should I? They didn't want me when I was born. Why should I care... You guys are my parents. Sometimes you have to do stuff you don't want to do. It's all part of growing up. And it usually works out peachy in the end. It was the year of the rhizopus rot. Grandpa almost lost the farm. You sacrificed your dream to go to the prize hog festival. And in the end you saved the peaches and you didn't have to slaughter your sow. Remember how you struggled through that whole facts of life talk and then found out I knew more than you? Dad, please. It's my private business! Mine! I guess...I don't know...I guess we should leave if we're not wanted. Hang in there, I'll think of something. What do you want me to do? Of course we were. Whatever you want. Hmmm? I always knew there was more. I felt it. What do you mean? I'm Ted Nelson. Hi ho, Silver. Shopping, really? I should tell my friend. I almost didn't recognize you without...you know...that stallion between...your...uh...legs. The one with the horses. I'm Ted, by the way. I think I forgot to say that. Some of them have to be automatics. I don't even know if I should be doing this. It's a very expensive car. Got it. I don't have much experience with a...uh...stick. I-I don't have the keys. And the girl I love, she hates "Heaven." If I keep it, she'll never respect me. They're not my parents, Helen. My parents are back in Xenia and I hurt them very much. My legacy. I wondered about them, for so many years. I wondered if I looked like them, acted like them. I wondered why they gave me up. You mean they knew who I was? Look, the girls of Xenia are gorgeous, you'll see. Next month we'll be back to normal. No problem, consider it done. I had this idea of shooting on location. Outdoors, you know? Maybe at some famous Xenia landmarks. You think that would be a problem? You're on the next plane home. Matter of fact, Jay, I'm planning a pictorial focusing on the women of my hometown, "The Girls of Xenia." Just to show my appreciation. Matter of fact, Jay, my uncle and I are planning to rethink the magazine. To expand the traditional western notions of "beauty." I'm no stranger to the notion of philanthropy. Andrew Carnegie has long been one of my idols. Well, Jay. They've been exceptionally supportive. Great. I didn't forget. That's a crappy thing to say. He was my Grandfather, too. You're a peach. I miss them, too. Are they okay? That's it? I mean, you don't want to order room service or anything? We could play games and watch movies and stuff. You want it in writing? You can have it, then. I'm not going back there. It's not up to me. My room? Very funny. So, what brings you here at his hour? Most places are, Jimmy. It's really late...do your parents know where you are? Sheryl Petersen is, what, nine years old, what does she know? James, what are you doing here? Why can't we have pot roast or stroganoff or even a little London broil? I mean, for god's sake, we own a grocery store! They're playing our song. Dare I ask for this dance? Yellow pages? I graduated from college. Did great, summa cum laude and all. And I'm about to launch a brand new magazine called "EXPOSED!" An homage to Miss Julie Conroy of Xenia, Ohio. The thing is, I'll need a first mate. And I thought maybe I'd take up boating. I've always wanted to be a "coxswain." I decided to let Helen run the magazine. I need to go to college, learn a few things, you know. Julie, wow. I was afraid you left. I was afraid I'd never see you again. The thing is, I made a commitment. I said I'd do it and I have to keep my word. You're quick. I like that. You've seen one naked breast, you've seem them all. Aw Julie, it's my job. It's like being a doctor. I know, their small town mentality can be maddening. But absolutely true. Julie, I'll tell you something that is the god's honest truth. I've seen a lot of really beautiful girls. I mean a lot. But none of them make me feel like you do. I want you to trust me. Come on. Do you trust me, Julie? Turned out to be a scoundrel, eh? I saw that one coming. A Portuguese boyfriend. Sounds very "Cosmo." I see. Tell me more. What about you? My fantasy is a totally naked woman, wearing nothing but a Timex and suede clogs. Shoes, if you want to know the truth. Shoes are my thing. I have a bit of a goosebump fetish. Not many people know that. That has more to do with your proximity to me. Look at us. It's one o'clock in the morning, on a school night. We're in a smoky nightclub, hoping to catch our principal with some big city tart. At least it's not another 4-H meeting or a Big Brother barbecue. I don't know. This place seems pretty tame. Let's do it. He's on the move? That's probably my office. Then you won't mind covering that watermelon seed spitting contest next week... He shut down your paper! You're stuck writing articles about swap meets and raffles and PTA brunches! There's gotta be something. We have to dig deeper. In a word: MERK. EXPOSED. If we were a team, we could do anything. I mean, anything. Even when you infuriate me, I still want to kiss you. You're amazing. And then what? I feel like I'm being drawn and quartered. Like every part of me is being pushed and pulled and tugged in a different direction. It's all so complicated. I mean my father. You think my dad would have been like that if I knew him? You think he would have bought me a stadium, instead of teaching me how to play ball? Now it makes sense, the whole neo Bohemian, down with hypocrisy, fight the power crap. You're a poor little rich girl. I see. He cared enough to want you to have it. Whatever. I can't believe your dad built this for you. Where are we going? Wow...you clean up nice. Why can't you be nice to me? Charlie's right. Jealousy is so unattractive. You're implying she's, what, a gold digger? Well? What do you think of her? A little respect would be nice, that's all. See? You're impertinent, rude, sarcastic. Considering this is your first time on a private jet, on which you are interviewing the world's most eligible bachelor, you are extremely cavalier. My adoptive grandfather. Who knows what my biological grandfather did. Funny you should say "peachy." Write what you want. Just try not to make it so obvious that you're crazy about me. Don't write that part. You never know around here. I guess. I felt limited. I felt confined. I felt like I was suffocating. I don't get the distinction. I have to admit, I always felt... different. Really? You wanna write about me? Me? What do you want from me? I'm trying to be fair. But I can't keep you on staff if you turn every PTA meeting into an Agent Orange cover up. That's not ENTIRELY true. I'm trying to help. Come on, Julie. Don't screw up. You have some real talent. In the sense that there is no "hidden agenda" behind a bake sale that raised five hundred dollars for seeing eye dogs. Your article sucked. It's so nice to have FRIENDS like you, Christy. But you triple-dog-dared me. I have absolutely no intention-- Me-ow. Christy's a very talented journalist. I see a Pulitzer in her future. Look, I loved "Exposed!" and I hate it that you got busted. I know the school paper sucks in comparison, but it's really not THAT BAD. The school dumpsters used to overflow to the point where the stench was unbearable. My award winning expos changed all that. The city added an extra weekday trash pick-up. That's just one example. My reporting has made a difference. I need your help. I'm really in deep shit. Everything I am is because of you. Can you ever forgive me? Forget the store. Think big. Like take that trip to Buckingham Palace. Go deep sea fishing in the Gulf of Mexico. Now's your chance. You're free. You can do anything you ever wanted to do! Don't you get it? In one day I earn more interest than the store's entire annual revenue. You don't have to work another day in your lives. I'll make you very proud. Only the best for my mother. Mom. Believe me. I could buy all that AND the factories they came from. Just a few tokens of my affection. I'll be back soon, don't worry. Well? Surprised? It's okay, Mom. Trust me. Yeah, I'm doing fine. I have so much to tell you. I don't even know where to begin. I'm all right, Mom. I'm not in Siberia, you know. Charlie, at a will reading? What did I do to deserve this? What? Having spring break ruined by will readings? I don't have a shred of privacy in this whole stupid town! What is this? Does everybody know everything I'm about to say or do every freakin' minute of the day? You called the cops on us? What law, Merk? Having fun? Letting down our hair on prom night? You kicked us off your turf, Merk. Don't rain on our parade. A new pediatric wing at the hospital? A presidential campaign? Name it. Anything. A statue in front of city hall, dedicated to Principal Dick Merkin? Come on, it's our only senior prom. Honestly, Merk. It's like you were never seventeen and the head of a media empire. If that were true, this would be one seriously constipated town. Most guys in Xenia have been looking at naked girls in "Heaven" since they were old enough to figure out their dads hide it under the mattress. With all due respect to Merk, he doesn't have to read my magazine. But he has no right to stop others. Ever hear of the First Amendment? I guess you won't be wanting that Rolex I sent you, then? Have you ever even looked at "Heaven?" Are you kidding? This magazine is my dream. It's every red-blooded, heterosexual male's dream. You think I ought to just tell them thanks but no thanks? I don't want your silly billion dollar empire? Yes, sir. I'll brace myself. Thanks, Principal Merkin. That's right. And guess who's the new King of the Unemployment Line. Thanks for teaching me an important lesson. What makes a family is love, not blood. My job. Back off, Benedict. --PEACHES! CANNED PEACHES! Yes? Thanks, Uncle Billy. Thanks for everything. I'd love to, but I really need to crack the books. Final exams are coming up and I've been slacking. Yeah, well, like my Grandpa used to say...you can't change your Christmas past, but you sure can exchange your Christmas presents. I owe it all to you. Without your help I'd be lost. Seriously? I'm doing all right? It was incredible. The light, the crowd, everything. I never saw anybody turn so many shades of red. My father must've been amazing. Really? So I'm doing OK? I'm Ted Nelson. I guess you already know that part. For two years I've been the editor of the high school paper in Xenia, Ohio. I've won some awards, made a difference. I've always had journalism in my soul. Now I know why. That's perfect. In other words, our scope is too narrow. You think we should be more open minded? What kind of ideas? My parents always say hard work builds character. You seem like you're anything but lazy, Uncle Billy. Really? You'd do that for me? It's really going to be strange going home in a couple of days. I would have been laughed right out of Xenia. I was like a different person tonight. Whoa. But...that's the thing... I've never even actually... Me? The King of Coitus? I do? All those people out there. It's a lot of pressure. Truth is, I'm a little nervous. Just a couple of finishing touches. My parents always said you never get a second chance to make a good first impression. Yeah. Everything's cool. Tipping? I...uh...I think she's doing fine on her own. Ah, in other words, this is the apres-orgy salon? Seldom? No kidding? As much as possible. Of course I like girls. Uh, sure. Uncle Billy. I'm seventeen. I know it like the back of my hand. It's spring break. I don't want to go to a will reading. You've got the wrong guy. The closest my parents have been to the Amazon is the Brazilian pavilion at Epcot. My parents? What do you mean? Oh no. No way. I've had all the bad news I can take for one day. People pay good money for that? I was in the middle of a melodramatic exit. It wouldn't really make a statement if I tiptoed out the door...What are you selling?Everything. Before we knew it, we created the most popular men's magazine in the entire nation. The rest is history. We had no idea the nudie magazine we started in the garage would turn into all this. If you're anything like yours truly, then you probably figure we didn't want you when you were born, so who cares if we're dead? Am I right? But if you're watching this, then it means we bit the dust.We don't generally feature blow-up dolls in our magazine. But hey, if you think there's a market for it. If it isn't straight by now, son, you probably should see a doctor. Every one of these women thinks she should be the next Angel of the Month. It's your job, Ted, to decide which of them is right. Never say never. This is a fun place...but we don't usually come here until after the orgies. Aw, come on, kid. Throw me a bone. I'm your uncle for gosh sakes. All is fair in "Heaven," Ted-baby. What are you doing? I loved my brother. I stood by his wishes to let his son run the company. A son he never knew. A son that he and his wife gave away at birth. A son who was raised in a world quite different from our own. Nevertheless, I was there for the lad. I guided him as best I could. But he's only seventeen, with a mind of his own and judgment that is, well, frankly, not a chip off the old block. There is only one clear solution... And I think we all know what that is-- We've got a huge problem with the magazine, Ted-baby. Our readers hate it. HATE IT. We need to talk. You're a great kid. Don't you forget it. You're right. I should work, too. Our first issue together is almost ready to print. I wish I knew you years ago, when my brother was alive. I wish he never gave you up. You're taking this bull of an empire by the horns, but you're still keeping your small town values. You're not letting all this "stuff" spoil you. Such enthusiasm. Have I told you lately how proud I am of you? I can't wait to see the pictures. He was in a league of his own. So far, so good. Some of them have real Angel potential. Don't forget to tell them all your qualifications. At our press conference tomorrow, I think we should announce our plans to explore the world. Not just a few leggy 36D's, with blond hair upstairs and down. The world is a big, beautiful place. We can open new markets in Africa and Asia. Imagine the Dali Lhama reading our magazine. Well...for one thing...I think it's despicable that we exclude so many women that only fit our western notion of "classic beauty." It's not like I didn't have ideas, I had plenty of ideas. But I never even shared them with your father. Never had the guts. I never finished school myself. Never had to. My brother built this empire from nothing but his wife's perky tits and a whole lot of gumption. He gave me a cushy job on a silver platter. I never struggled for a second. I've been very lazy for a long, long time. You ARE home. But go ahead, finish school, do what you feel you need to do. In the meantime, I'll be your point person here on the magazine. No one will be laughing at you now, Ted. You can take that to the bank. You were the new and improved you. I told you you could do it. Why, look who's here. The Supreme Sovereign of Sexuality. You're the Sultan of Semen. The Monarch of Masturbation. The Merchant Prince of Lust. You. Ted. Are the King of Coitus. You are a multi-media magnate. The Tycoon of Tits. The Baron of Bottoms. Huh! You laugh in the face of pressure! YOU? Nervous? Why on earth should you be nervous? They said that? Really? Oh, your parents. The Nelson's. Right, right. How midwest. I like that. You ready for your big coming out party? Everybody's dying to meet you. There you are, Ted-baby. Everything all right? We don't allow TIPN, Ted. Maybe she needs help, Ted. You should be a gentleman. Indeed it is. During the day, visitors prefer to be outside, au naturel. As it were. The parties are held in here when the weather dips below seventy. Which is seldom. You're sure? A lot? I mean, a whole lot? You do like girls, don't you? I have only one concern... Smashing! Welcome to the family, Ted. You are going to breathe some new life into this place. You are going to set the world on fire! You are going to...call me Uncle Billy? Please?