What?! How can we reach Phaedos? If we don't try, Zordon won't survive! Alpha. Is there any way we can defeat this monster? Any way at all? Stylin'! Wow. Sand. Yeah, right. Ah... sure. So how can we get to it? Is this... food! OUR SEMI-CONDUCTORS ARE DOWN! Release the power with the power. We've come all this way for a rock wall?! I've never been this sore in my life. ... What's happening to him?' I heard that! 1600 m.p.h. and increasing! What does that mean?! That's pretty bad. Activating Power Beam! SABER TOOTH TIGER! Anybody see anything?Aisha, you are the Bear, stalwart and bold. Now tell me... what do you see? It will not harm you. In the language of the Nathadians, "Nin" stands for "man", "jetti" stands for "animal". Ninjetti - man and animal, together as one. Now, put your hands inside the flame. He wants to know if you'd like a cube of sugar in your tea. The only way to obtain the power is to achieve the highest state of being... They're called squirbs. About twenty seconds in your time. It is said that once you've reached the power... you have only ten triacs to release it. Close. Billy, you are the Wolf, cunning and swift. In another time, another dimension. It was brought here long ago by the "Nathadians", a people who are now all but extinct. They built an impenetrable stone Monolith to store the power and keep it from their enemies. For thousands of years, beings from all over the Universe have tried to obtain it... ALL have perished. It is said that to those who possess the Power... all things are possible. The legend goes that you release the power with the power. Tommy, you are the Falcon, Winged Lord of the Sky. Look closer. By learning the ancient art of Ninjetti. It is the Genesis of what you on earth have come to know as the Ninja. It is the perfect union of mind, body and spirit.This guy is messing with the wrong teenagers! NINJA CRANE ZORD! WE'VE GOT TEN TRIACS BEFORE WE'RE TOAST!! I am the crane, agile and sublime! You okay? PTERODACTYL!We couldn't have done it better ourselves. I hope those Rangers put that lousy lowlife out of his misery! From now on it's E-V-I-L, NO exceptions! Rrgh mmffpprr brghuh!! Well, if I did I certainly wouldn't say it to you!