So she had you in jail, in Russia? Then what did she do? ehh...I don't know I mean.... Hi. I don't know. And I don't care, Kevin's a jerk and I don't like him anymore. He's all yours! Boys always pretend they hate you when they really like you. He likes you. Oh God, he's coming over here, act natural, totally natural. It's Kevin, I don't want him to see me. My mother can't have any more kids. I know that. That's okay. Hi.Rose. I guess you have. Well Enrique is great and...we are the best. What can I do for you? Hello. You think this is easy for me? You go out on the town and I get to be the bad guy. Look I don't want you to be some punk hoodlum delinquent but I can't do my job as a parent if you don't do your job as a kid. Make that sixty and I'm docking your allowance for two weeks. You're grounded 'till you're fifty! You're so clever. Don't wake up Vada. There's water in your bathroom. Nicholas! What are you doing up? What ever happened to a good old-fashioned favor huh? Give it back Nicholas! You really think I look sexy in this smock? You like the way I cook...you think I make out a great invoice. PHIL You and Nick and...and this...this garage are my whole life...I love you. Sure you don't have the greatest taste in music...but there's not another woman who could look so sexy in that smock. What I'm try... what I'm trying to sa... I think this place is just fine. I don't want anything you don't wanna give me. Yes, what kind of arrangement? I'd be very interested to know what kind of an arrangement we have. No, that's not a date, a date is when I don't cook. I'm saying he asked me out for coffee, like a real date, when was the last time you did that? There's plenty of fruit. Oh, yeah, sure, help yourself. Oh, Hi, how's the investigation going? Right now? An intimate border with...mechanical skills. Phil for God sake. He wasn't touching me he was just...gesturing... No, there's no problem, Dr. Helburn just needs to have his oil changed. Sounds like you're very organized. Yeah, well he left out a couple of steps, ah look, I've gotta get back to these bills, Phil will you help Vada get settled? Bye Niece, Vada. She'll be all right baby. Well just don't shave your legs...he'll never let you visit us again if I send you home hairless and full of holes. Go to your room. And you...I don't suppose your father gave you permission to pierce your ears, did he? All right, well get to bed early and don't let anybody in. Bye. What, did you think he was raised by a pack of wolves? Don't be misled by the haircut. Oh, sure okay. Lizt was my parents' favorite, they were Hungarian. Oh, well, I don't wear a lot of jewelry. Let's just say I...eh...I'm involved. Well I'm sort of involved. Oh no, I, I...eh...I couldn't. Well let's just say you're lucky you deal with children who are under anesthesia. Well maybe for you. Ahh, Dr. Helburn, why don't you come in tomorrow-morning at eight o'clock, that's when we open, we'll get you started. Yes, I do. Oh, you mean you...fix the hearts...of little babies? Oh, are you a hairdresser? Excuse me? I mean...with your car. So what's wrong?Maybe he's wet? I was pushing as fast as I could. Phil's moving to LA, Grammoo's passing, the baby being born, Vada's report, I think... Oh come on Harry, we're talking about five days here. You're being narrow-minded. She is not a child Harry, she is a young woman, she's on the brink of... No. And some taco chips so I can dunk. Never heard of him. Yes I know, it runs in the family. New book? Listen, if a boy wants to do homework with you, it really means he didn't have nerve to ask you out on a date, so you'll get your homework together and pretend to be studying, and the next thing you know you're ordering pizza and talking about your favorite movie stars. Look we react to every kick this baby gives, maybe Vada's trying to tell us something too. I don't know if I want to. Then I'll throw up a little bit. If I eat it I'll throw up. O.K. You have no idea. I know, look at his little hands. Hey! Oh look. You leave your father to me. It would be fantastic. Oh, but I'm not due to have the baby for another six weeks or so. How would you like to go visit your Uncle Phil in Los Angeles...next week during your spring vacation, you could do research on your mom. Why not now? Well you've gotta be prepared. Uncle Phil just needed a change, a little adventure. No. You know they say, that it never rains, that you can barbecue on Christmas day...instead of riding your bike, you just surf over to your friends house. Oh, and the place is just crawling with celebrities. I know someone who saw Walter Matthau picking up his dry-cleaning. Oh Vada she's so beautiful. Well, it must mean something. She was obviously very sentimental. What's this? December 8th, 1958? Mmmmmm. Root beer float that sounds good. Oh no. I know, I guess it's just sort of preparing you for the rest of your life. It's not easy being a woman. Oh, I was a very late developer, they used to call me &quot;Shelly Two Backs&quot;. All my friends had real bra's, not like the training ones I had. No, the milk comes when the baby comes. They're enormous, I know. I bet your mom sang to you.No they're not. I wanna be a writer, I wanna be just like you. I'm sure she found your lectures fascinating. People said she looked like me. Her name was Maggie Muldovan. My mother took this course with you at UCLA...&quot;The Foundations of Poetic Thought&quot;. Do you still teach? Umm, where do you want this? Are you writing a poem? I don't even know your name. THANK YOU. I don't think you're very polite. Put that down, I'll...I'll call the police! Gee, that is a problem. Are you suffering from a chemical imbalance or is it just an attitude problem. This is California, anything is possible. Where is he?? He was supposed to meet me. How did you know my name? I'm not supposed to talk to strangers, not even nuns. Do you wanna be a hall monitor all your life? I'm leaving Sunday. Pommeroy. His name is Jeffrey Pommeroy and he used to drive a 54 Ford pickup, black with red interior. Please? Suspended from school, my mother?? Wow, you walked out with my mother? What do you remember about her. Can I see him? We have a baby? What happened to Shelly? Give my love to Shelly. Okay...bye daddy, I love you. I will. How's Shelly? Totally. Yeah. Actually, I wanna see Jeffrey Pommeroy. I just called to say that I'm having a really great time. Hi Dad. I'll be back in 137 hours. Bye Dad, I'll miss you. What does that mean? No nuns, got it. I used my own money and got a great deal, it's a Q47NR five day fare, which means that I have to change planes in Dallas and stay over a Saturday. I already bought a ticket. I think that if I'm old enough to accept a new baby, and if I'm old enough to accept a new room, I'm old enough to go to California. You were just having a fight about me. Wouldn't you like to hear my opinion? Was it a nice funeral? Oh, is there anything else you remember, how did you propose? Was it romantic? There's still a big spot on the floor. The Collected Works of Alfred Biedermeyer So you're saying...What are you saying?? It's just a question, it's not about anybody. Dad, when a boy likes you, does he pretend that he doesn't like you? And if he pretends that he doesn't like you how can you tell that he likes you? Seriously. Dad I'm kidding, you can have the room. Don't do that, you've got the whole garage. Maybe I should just move to China. One kid per family, that way you don't lose your room. No it's okay, I understand, really. I figured you did. Shelly's already told me all about sex. You're passing up Archie Bunker to go bowling, you've gotta have an angle. So, what's on your mind? Visualize a spare? Okay, no problem. You want me to move? Do what? I don't know if I can picture Uncle Phil body surfing. Dad, I'm trying. The chairs, they won't scrunch. They sure did! They got kicked out of school, they married truck drivers...these are my mother's greatest accomplishments? I'm sure glad I came all the way out here to find them out. Are you saying my mother had another husband? What're you saying? His name's Harry Sultenfuss. Thanks. It's okay really, I was just a baby. Are you the Hillary Mitchell who went to school with Maggie Muldovan? oh. Well... I guess what I mean is, my mother married my dad after you...and then I was born, so I thought that...maybe you got divorced because of me. I thought that...umm...maybe you'd be curious about how I turned out. Umm...didn't you ever wonder about me? More than anything in the world. She's beautiful. Do you have any pictures if her? And she saved it. I don't know very much about her...I was hoping that you could help me. Special effects? I told you it was a long story. Oh she's great...she's a little crazy though. Anyway, Hillary said that you had a black Ford truck and this policeman I know got in touch with Motor Vehicles and...he gave me your address and here I am. We have this school assignment to write about someone we never met and I chose my mother. She was born in Los Angeles and since my uncle Phil moved out here I came in to visit him and then I looked at her high school yearbook and... and I called a few people and one guy said that she went to UCLA, another guy said that I should call Hillary Mitchell so.... You are? Bye. She looks a little like me when I was a little girl. I'd like to, thanks. You mean, you knew about me? I am Vada Margaret Sultenfuss. My mother was... Well actually I was born in Siberia and then they shot her and sent me home to my Dad. Well...I'm not supposed to talk about it, but since I'm gonna write about it I might as well tell you. She was a spy against the Russians. Hi, wanna help me pick out wallpaper for my new room tomorrow? That's ridiculous, so, if you really can't stand someone, then you pretend that you're really crazy about them? Likes me? He said I looked like a grasshopper. What's the matter? See you? He can smell you from there. What are you staring at? Neither can mine. She's dead. It's Shelly who's pregnant. You should be here when they bring in a body that's been dead for a couple of days, and they haven't found it yet, 'cause it was in an apartment, and no-one came to visit, or floating in a river, and then the body starts turning this weird shade of green, you know, like watery pea soup? The arms and legs deteriorate first, the body looks like a raisin with four fat legs. Anyway, this is why I'm seriously considering cremation. Judy?? It's just a corpse. Come on in! That's simple. She was pregnant with me...when she went to Russia and she didn't know...and then when the Russians found out, they waited to shoot her 'cause you're not allowed to kill pregnant women anywhere in the world. No, not here in Pennsylvania, she went to Russia undercover with her acting troupe and got a lot of highly sensitive secret plans sent back. Just when she was about to go home, she got caught, and they killed her. No-one invented gravity, it just exists. But I wanna write about her. It's okay with me, hi Kevin. Are you Jeffrey Pommeroy? You're Alfred Beidermeyer aren't you? He's writing. Hello? O.K. Thank you very much. This is really very nice of you. Thanks, but I think I'm gonna stick to my mom, she led a fascinating life too. Great, I have so much to say, I hardly know where to start. I never met my mother. My mother. The poem is really about attitude. It's about not giving up and...it's easy to be overwhelmed sometimes but...that's when we should...force ourselves to push on. I'll write you ten poems. Bye. An adventure? You mean...it wasn't that terrible? ...umm...Listen, I'm sorry...you had to sacrifice your entire vacation. And I'm gonna use the movies when I give my report. Jeffrey says audiences love special effects. This has been a real confusing day. Nick? Maybe this Jeffrey guy is...is my real father. I mean...look at me, I have the hair of a dead person and...and my nose, no one in my family has this nose, it could be the nose of...a...of a complete stranger, Maybe not...but maybe it does. If no one told me about this, I mean...maybe they're trying to hide something. No, but sometimes he drives a hearse. It's not his fault! Marriage can really complicate things. So, aren't you gonna say anything about my earrings? Oh no, we wouldn't be from the same bloodlines or anything. We'd be like two total strangers who...accidentally had relatives that got married. Yeah I guess...sort of. Right. Hey look! Really? What's he smoking? That's 'cause I was cursed with the Sultenfuss Bear Claws. My hands fit. My mother stood on this very spot. Montgomery Clift, wait 'till I tell Shelly. Jerk! You IDIOT!!! Leave me alone!! Oh no?!?!?! Owh... In the tar?? What do you mean &quot;Uh Oh&quot;??? DON'T!!! DON'T, come on!!! Just give it to me!! Give it to me! I want it back now. I never should have taken it off, I want it back. Don't force it, you'll break it. ehh...Okay...but be careful, it has a lot of sentimental value. Well, I hope he's not watching me all the time. Well he was a boy, he was my friend...he was my best friend. When we were kids we were gonna...move out here and move to the Brady Bunch. Well, it doesn't open cans or anything but it...it's sort of a reminder of a friend of mine. This isn't just a mood ring. Oh, no wait, I like that you bought me here. And I thought I was weird. At least it gives you plenty of exercise. He is one of the great poets. May I use the phone please. You would. This'll be great in my report, my mother was suspended for smoking. You ratted on my mother?? Umm, I'm trying to find out her greatest achievement. Why do you argue with everything I say? I don't think anybody should change their names, that way you can always find them when you need them. Change my name. I'd never do that. It's the leather bindings, I love the fragrance of vintage books. Look, here she is. Margaret Ann Muldovan - Newspaper, Literary magazine, French Club, Drama Club, Debate Club, Girls Basketball and Swim team. With Maggie's combo of good looks and talent, we're sure to be seeing her name in lights. She was gonna be famous. Oh my gosh, here it is! What difference does it make? Just remember the needle in the haystack. WHAT?? It's not funny! I mean what am I gonna do? Without that yearbook I'm lost. I can't just walk around town looking for someone with a Wilson High School Letter sweater!!! Excuse me, pardon, thank you, excuse me. Well look, I know that all you care about is your precious mini-bike. It's obvious you have no sense of historical perspective, I think we're here. I wasn't eavesdropping, I was overhearing. I got it all figured out, I know she went to Wilson High School, so first thing tomorrow, I'm gonna go there and get a copy of her yearbook. That way I can get the names of all the people she was in clubs with and found out who her friends were. My parents had a brief, but intensely fulfilling relationship. She's remained a woman of mystery to this day. I don't need you to be telling me to... He said it was a gift. Thanks.... Dad already gave me this lecture. He's gonna meet me at the airport, then we'll go for some pizza, then we'll have dinner in bed with Shelly. Okay. I should do this myself. Well, I've come this far...the least I can do is knock on the door. A secret, I like that. Maybe. Do you think I should tell my dad about Jeffrey Pommeroy? I'd like to see his house but...I don't know if I'd have the nerve to just go up and knock on his door. I don't think I can go through with it. I feel like before I can talk to him I have to see his face. Don't worry, I'll do it in my own subtle way. Bye. I had to be, I only have five days. So just point me in the right direction and.... Well then that's not exactly dating is it. So does that mean that you sleep here every night? Committed? Sounds like you have a fear of commitment, Uncle Phil. But...are you engaged or something? She lives here too? He was very polite, worth the entire five dollars. They're great. Bye Aunt Rose. Yeah...right, it's pointless to worry. Shelly's sick...I have to get to the bottom of this whole thing and get back there. Not exactly. I'm just tired. You're Nick's mother? Let me hold him. Did it hurt a lot? He's so tiny. Shelly? But Dad'll never go for it. Yeah, it would be kinda great. But what about you and the baby? You need me. What do you mean? I'm definitely traveling some day. I wonder why she got a passport if she never went anywhere. Is that why Uncle Phil moved there? Margaret's my middle name, but everybody called her Maggie. Los Angeles, have you ever been there? This is one of my favorite things, her passport. I don't know, Dad doesn't either. Did she mention any contests that she won? I mean she must have had some awards, she was so talented and all. Then Grammoo said on Christmas Eve, there was this sickening smell permeating the entire house. You're telling me. Why do they call them training bra's? It's not like learning to ride a bike. When did you umm, I mean umm... Is there milk in them already? Assuming the baby's a &quot;Supremes&quot; fan. This is the street he walks down every day. When he needs inspiration... Well, thanks for your help Mr. Rosenfeld and I'm sorry my mother wouldn't go out with you, I'm sure she would have had a really great time. He'll remember my mother for sure. STANLEY It was a big class Vada and...but...well of course he'll remember, who could forget Maggie? Do you know him? He's a great poet. Beidermeyer? Really?