Hey -- sorry.  Hey, Bianca. I don't think so, ma'am I missed you. It was a bratwurst.  I was eating  lunch. You the new guy? So they tell me... C'mon.  I'm supposed to give you the  tour. So -- which Dakota you from? North, actually.  How'd you   ? I was kidding. People actually live  there? Yeah.  A couple.  We're outnumbered by  the cows, though. How many people were in your old  school? Thirty-two. Get out! How many people go here? Couple thousand. Most of them evil We've got your basic beautiful people.  Unless they talk to you first, don't  bother. Those 're your cowboys. That I'm used to. Yeah, but these guys have never seen a  horse.  They just jack off to Clint  Eastwood. To the right, we have the Coffee Kids.   Very edgy.  Don't make any sudden  movements around them. And these delusionals are the White  Rastae. Big Marley fans.  Think they're black.   Semi-political, but mostly, they watch a  lot of Wild Kingdom, if you know what I  mean. Derek - save some for after lunch, bub? Michael, my brother, peace So where do you fit in all this? Future MBAs-  We're all Ivy League,  already accepted.  Someday I'll be  sipping Merlot while those guys -- are fixing my Saab.  Yuppie greed is  back, my friend. That girl -- I -- You burn, you pine, you perish? Who is she? Bianca Stratford.  Sophomore. Don't  even think about it Why not? I could start with your haircut, but it  doesn't matter.  She's not allowed to  date until her older sister does.  And  that's an impossibility. As opposed to a bitter self-righteous  hag who has no friends? Mother Goose? Mandella -- since you're assisting us,  you might as well comment.  I'm assuming  you read the assignment. The whole play^ You've read every play by William  Shakespeare? Virgin alert. Lookin' good, ladies. Why do girls like that always like guys  like that? Because they're bred to.  Their mothers  liked guys like that, and their  grandmothers before them. Their gene  pool is rarely diluted. He always have that shit-eating grin? Joey Dorsey?  Perma-shit-grin.  I wish  I could say he's a moron, but he's  number twelve in the class.  And a  model.  Mostly regional stuff, but he's  rumored to have a big tube sock ad  coming out. You know French? Sure do ... my Mom's from Canada Guess who just signed up for a tutor? You mean I'd get a chance to talk to  her? You could consecrate with her, my  friend. The vintage look is over, Kat. Haven't  you been reading your Sassy? They're running the rest of me next  month. Need a ride, ladies? You all right? Yeah, just a minor encounter with the  shrew. That's her?  Bianca's sister? The mewling, rampalian wretch herself. Make anyone cry today? Hello, precious. What's this?  It says Sarah Lawrence? Sarah Lawrence is on the other side of  the country. I thought we decided you were going to  school here.  At U of 0. Who drove you home? No! You're not dating until your sister  starts dating.  End of discussion. Then neither will you.  And I'll get to  sleep at night. Enough! Do you know what this is? This is why you're not dating until  your sister does. Exactly my point Jesus!  Can a man even grab a sandwich  before you women start dilating? You're not helping. Well, I thought we'd start with  pronunciation, if that's okay with you. Okay... then how 'bout we try out some  French cuisine.  Saturday?  Night? Forget it. Cameron. Seems like she could get a date easy  enough... Why? That's a shame. Let me see what I can do. You're in school for one day and you  ask out the most beautiful girl?  Do you  have no concept of the high school  social code? I teach her French, get to know her,  dazzle her with charm and she falls in  love with me. Unlikely, but even so, she still can't  go out with you.  So what's the point? What about him? You wanna go out with him? No - he could wrangle with the sister. What makes you think he'll do it? He seems like he thrives on danger No kidding.  He's a criminal.  I heard  he lit a state trooper on fire.  He just  got out of Alcatraz... They always let felons sit in on Honors  Biology? I'm serious, man, he's whacked.  He  sold his own liver on the black market  so he could buy new speakers. Forget his reputation.  Do you think  we've got a plan or not? Did she actually say she'd go out with  you? That's what I just said You know, if you do go out with Bianca,  you'd be set.  You'd outrank everyone.   Strictly A-list.  With me by your side. I thought you hated those people. Hey -- I've gotta have a few clients  when I get to Wall Street. So now all we gotta do is talk to him. I'll let you handle that. Some people like the Colombian, but it  all depends on your acidity preference.   Me?  I prefer East African and  Indonesian.  You start the day with a  Sumatra Boengie or maybe and Ethiopian  Sidamo in your cup, you're that much  farther ahead than someone drinkin'  Cosia Rican or Kona -- you know what I  mean? Hey, there Later, then. Hey. Are you lost? Nope - just came by to chat We don't chat. Well, actually, I thought I'd run an  idea by you.  You know, just to see if  you're interested. We're not. Hear me out.  You want Bianca don't  you? But she can't go out with you because  her sister is this insane head case and  no one will go out with her. right? Does this conversation have a purpose? So what you need to do is recruit a guy  who'll go out with her.  Someone who's  up for the job. Exactly Oh, hey, nothin' man   Purely good will  on my part. I have a dick on my face, don't I? You got him involved? Like we had a choice?  Besides -- when  you let the enemy think he's  orchestrating the battle, you're in a  position of power. We let him pretend  he's calling the shots, and while he's  busy setting up the plan, you have time  to woo Bianca. You're one brilliant guy Touch of the flu. How 'bout your sex life? What's to discuss? Well, you know -- there's the prestige  of the job title... and the benefits  package is pretty good... You're a freedom fighter. Be proud,  sister. But you freed our people Right.  See?  You're ready for the  quiz. That's because it's such a nice one. Well, there's someone I think might be There. I guess he didn't see me What? Yeah What do you think? Two legs, nice rack... Yeah, whatever.  I want you to go out  with her. Sure, Sparky.  I'll get right on it. You just said You need money to take a girl out But you'd go out with her if you had  the cake? Yeah, I'd take her to Europe if I had  the plane. You got it, Verona.  I pick up the tab,  you do the honors. You're gonna pay me to take out some  girl? I can't date her sister until that one  gets a boyfriend.  And that's the catch.   She doesn't want a boyfriend. How much? I can't take a girl like that out on  twenty bucks. Fine, thirty. Take it or leave it.  This isn't a  negotiation. Fifty, and you've got your man. Good run, Stratford. Hey. Girlie. I mean Wo-man.  How ya doin'? There's a way to get a guy's attention. Pick you up Friday, then The night I take you to places you've  never been before.  And back. I know a lot more than that You're no bargain either, sweetheart. So I guess the Jeep won't be getting a  new Blaupunkt. He took the bait. Hey You hate me don't you? Then say you'll spend Dollar Night at  the track with me. Come on -- the ponies, the flat beer,  you with money in your eyes, me with my  hand on your ass... Seven-thirty? Nice ride. Vintage fenders. I was in the laundromat. I saw your  car. Thought I'd say hi. You're not a big talker, are you? Not at all You fucking bitch! My insurance does not cover PMS Is this about Sarah Lawrence? You  punishing me? Why can't we agree on this? As a parent, that's my right You're eighteen.  You don't know what  you want.  You won't know until you're  forty-five and you don't have it. Christ!  I want a night to go by that  I'm not staring a contraction in the  face. When I shell out fifty, I expect  results. I'm on it Watching the bitch trash my car doesn't  count as a date. I got her under control. She just acts  crazed in public to keep up the image. Let me put it to you this way, if you  don't get any action, I don't get any  action.  So get your ass on hers by the  end of the week. I just upped my price What? A hundred bucks a date. Forget it. Forget her sister, then. You better hope you're as smooth as you  think you are, Verona. La copine et I 'ami?  La diferance? You got something on your mind? You have my word.  As a gentleman How do you get your hair to look like  that? You know, I read an article about that. Say it What? Whatever the hell it is you're standin'  there waitin' to say. We wanted to talk to you about the  plan. What plan? The situation is, my man Cameron here  has a major jones for Bianca Stratford. What is it with this chick?  She have  three tits? I think I speak correctly when I say  that Cameron's love is pure.  Purer than  say -- Joey Dorsey's. Dorsey can plow whoever he wants. I'm  just in this for the cash. That's where we can help you.  With  Kat. So Dorsey can get the girl? Patrick, Pat, you're not looking at the  big picture.  Joey's just a pawn. We set  this whole thing up so Cameron can get  the girl. You two are gonna help me tame the wild  beast? We're your guys. And he means that strictly in a non-  prison-movie type of way. Yeah -- we'll see. We're in. This is it.  A golden opportunity.  Patrick can ask Katarina to the party. In that case, we'll need to make it a  school-wide blow out. Will Bogey get bent? Are you kidding?  He'll piss himself  with joy.  He's the ultimate kiss ass. Which do you like better? It's more Exactly  So, you going to Bogey Lowenbrau's  thing on Saturday? Good, 'cause I'm not gonna bother if  you won't be there. Sure have. I'm workin' on it. But she doesn't seem  to be goin' for him. She's not a... So that's the kind of guy she likes?  Pretty ones? All right.  What else is she partial  to? Lou, it's okay.  They're with me. What've you got for me? I've retrieved certain pieces of  information on Miss Katarina Stratford I  think you'll find helpful. What?! Good enough. Number one.  She hates smokers It's a lung cancer issue Her favorite uncle Dead at forty-one. Are you telling me I'm a -  "non-smoker"? Just for now. Another thing.  Bianca said that Kat  likes -- pretty guys. What?  You don't think I'm pretty? He's pretty! Okay!  I wasn't sure Okay -- Likes:  Thai food, feminist  prose, and "angry, stinky girl music of  the indie-rock persuasion". So what does that give me?  I'm  supposed to buy her some noodles and a  book and sit around listening to chicks  who can't play their instruments? Ever been to Club Skunk? Yeah. Gigglepuss is playing there tomorrow  night. Don't make me do it, man Assail your ears for one night. It's her favorite band. I also retrieved a list of her most  recent CD purchases, courtesy of  American Express. Michael -- did you get this information  "illegally"? I prefer to think of it simply as an  alternative to what the law allows. I'm likin' you guys better This is really music? I can count. Go ahead. And you Take it easy on the guys in there. Next time, leave the Bic at home,  Skippy. It's a bottle opener. Verona, my man. Always a pleasure, Brucie. Didn't have you pegged for a Gigglepuss  fan.  Aren't they a little too pre-teen  belly-button ring for you? Fan of a fan.  You see a couple of  minors come in? Never Padua girls.  One tall, decent body.  The other one kinda short and  undersexed? Just sent 'em through. Hey -- what happened to that chick you  brought last time?  The one with the  snake? Hello, out there.  We're Gigglepuss and  we're from Olympia. Meow hey.  Great show, huh? Excuse me? Do you mind?  You're sort of ruining it  for me. I know.  I quit. You know, these guys are no Bikini Kill  or The Raincoats, but they're right up  there. Why, don't you? I watched you out there   I've never  seen you look like that Come to that party with me. I got it, Rick. Nine-thirty then. So, then she says that she almost  didn't wear the Kenneth Coles with that  dress because she thought she was  mixing, you know, genres. And the fact  that I noticed -- and I'm quoting here - "really meant something." You told me that part already. Hell, I've just been going over the  whole thing in my head and - Hey.  Dingo Boingo I hear you're helpin' Verona. Uh,  yeah.  We're old friend* You and Verona? What?  We took bathes together when we  were kids. What's your gig in all this? I'm just the new guy. You better not fuck this up.  I'm  heavily invested. Hey -- it's all for the higher good  right? Is it about me? See you next week! And where're you going? Otherwise known as an orgy? Do you know about any party? Katarina? If Kat's not going, you're not going. What's a Bogey Lowenstein? Girls Oh, God.  It's starting. Wear the belly before you go. Just for a minute I want you to realize the weight of  your decisions. Promise me you won't talk to any boys  unless your sister is present. Because she'll scare them away. Nine-thirty right? I'm early. Who knocked up your sister? Nice to see you.  Martini bar to the  right, shots in the kitchen. Lookin' fresh tonight, Pussy-Kat Where ya goin? Your sister here? And why would I do that? A fight! That was a New Guinea Peaberry, you  Folger's-crystals-slurping-buttwipe. Just who I was looking for. What's this? I say, do what you wanna do. Moose, my man!  Ranked fifth in the state. Recruiters  have already started calling. Yo, Clem.  A Patsy Cline fan, but hates the new  Leanne Rimes.  Ziggy, peace, bra.  Prefers a water pipe, but has been  known to use a bong. Follow the love, man Evening, ladies. Looks like things worked out tonight,  huh? I believe we share an art instructor Certainly Pabst?  Old Milwaukee? RaiJieer? Extremely unfortunate maneuver. The hell is that?  What kind of 'guy  just picks up a girl and carries her  away while you're talking to her? Buttholus extremus.  But hey, you're  making progress. No, I ' m not. She used me!  She wants to go out with  Dorsey.  Not me.  I'm an idiot! At least you're self-aware So yeah, I've got the Sears catalog  thing going -- and the tube sock gig "  that's gonna be huge.  And then I'm up  for an ad for Queen Harry next week. It's a gay cruise line, but I'll be,  like, wearing a uniform and stuff. My agent says I've got a good shot at  being the Prada guy next year. My man It's about time. A deal's a deal. How'd you do it? Do what? Get her to act like a human Okay? You're not okay. Uh, uh. You lie down and you'll go to  sleep What if you have a concussion? My dog  went to sleep with a concussion and woke  up a vegetable. Not that I could tell  the difference... C'mon, let's walk Cameron, I'm a little busy It's off. The whole thing. What 're you talking about? She's partial to Joey, not me Cameron -- do you like the girl? Sure Then, go get her Leave it to you to use big words when  you're shitfaced. I told you Sure, I do Because then I'd have to start taking  out girls who like me. See that?  Who needs affection when  I've got blind hatred? How's that? Jesus.  You're like a weeble Why'd you let him get to you? Dorsey. I know.  It'd have to be a pretty big  deal to get you to mainline tequila. You  don't seem like the type. I thought you were above all that No. What do they say? Shit! Jingle Bells! Jingle Belles! Wake up  damn it! Kat! Wake up! I thought you were... Cute A bunch of us are going to Jaret's  house.  Wanna come? Then, c'mon. Maybe next time -- Have fun tonight? I'm driving, so I get to pick the  tunes. And I'm in control of it. Busy Maybe. Then why'd you ask? Do what? Start a band? You don't strike me as the type that  would ask permission. I'm gettin' there So what ' s up with your dad?  He a  pain in the ass? Who? No offense, but you're sister is  without.  I know everyone likes her and  all, but ... So, I'll see you in school I looked for you back at the party, but  you always seemed to be "occupied". You never wanted to go out with 'me,  did you? Then that's all you had to say. You always been this selfish? Just because you're beautiful, doesn't  mean you can treat people like they  don't matter. And I'm back in the saddle. Kat, my lady, you sway to the rhythm of  my heart. Yippe kai-aye, bra.  Dance for me, cowgirl. Okay, now tell me again why he didn't  shoot the deputy? Because the deputy meant him no harm,  my friend.  It was only the sheriff that  was the oppressor. Kat, babe, you were on fire. Maybe we should ask Verona In faith, I do not love thee with mine  eyes/ For they in thee a thousand errors  note/ But 'tis my heart that loves what  they despise/ Who in despite of view is  pleas 'd to dote. Ms. Blaise, can I get the bathroom  pass?  Damn if Shakespeare don't act as  a laxative on my person. Hey So you got cozy with she who stings? No - I've got a sweet-payin' job that  I'm about to lose. What'd you do to her? I don ' t know.  I decided not to nail her when she was  too drunk to remember it. I'm on it Hey there.  Tired of breathing? Cool pictures.  You a fan? Oh yeah. Macbeth, right? Kat a fan, too? So, listen... I have this friend She hates you with the fire of a  thousand suns .  That's a direct quote She just needs time to cool off I'll  give it a day. Maybe two. You makin' any headway? She kissed me. Where? Don't talk to me about the sweetest  date.  That little halo Bianca is gonna  be prone and proven on prom night.  Six  virgins in a row. I don't know, Dorsey. ..the limo.-the  flowers.  Another hundred for the tux -- Enough with the Barbie n' Ken shit. I  know. Take it Hey, sweet cheeks. You're concentrating awfully hard  considering it's gym class. Listen, I want to talk to you about the  prom. Your sister is going. I'm taking care of it. Excuse me, have you seen The Feminine  Mystique?  I lost my copy. I heard there was a poetry reading. Pleasant? Wholesome. Unwelcome?  I guess someone still has  her panties in a twist. So what did I have an effect on ? You were right. She's still pissed. Sweet love, renew thy force! Man -- don't say shit like that to  me.  People can hear you. You humiliated the woman! Sacrifice   yourself on the altar of dignity and   even the score. Best case scenario, you're back on the  payroll for awhile. What's the worst? You get the girl. If I go down. I'm takin' her with me "I'd hide it to myself.  And never talk  about it.  And didn't I go and shout it  when you walked into the room --" " I think I love you I " Nice song, Verona. Flog me. You didn't have to.  He disrupted a  classroom. You're not gonna change my mind, Kat.  Rules stick. What? I'm going to let that slide, Katarina.   But if I catch you doing that again,  you'll be in here with the rest of these  guys. I guess I never told you I'm afraid of  heights. Try lookin' at it from this angle Forget it.  I'm stayin'. Maybe. I figured it had to be something  ridiculous to win your respect.  And  piss you off. So how'd you get Chapin to look the  other way? A soft side? Who knew? So what's your excuse? Yes So if you disappoint them from the  start, you're covered? Then you screwed up You never disappointed me. You up for it? Look, Mom Fallacy. Hearsay. Do you? I hate peas. You're sweet.  And sexy.  And  completely hot for me. No one else knows Go to the prom with me You know what I mean No what? Why not? People won't expect you to go... So I have to have a motive to be with  you? You need therapy.  Has anyone ever told  you that? Nothing!  There's nothing in it for me.   Just the pleasure of your company. cover that up No... What crap? Thank God!  If I had to hear one more  story about your coiffure... I figured you'd get to the good stuff  eventually. The "real you". No You're gonna look splendiferous in  that, Mandella. that's cool to say. Pirate -- no question. The prom?  Kat has a date? It's that hot rod Joey, right? That ' s  who you want me to bend my rules for? You're not going unless your sister  goes.  End of story. You know what happens at proms? Kissing?  Is that what you think  happens?  Kissing isn't what keeps me up  to my elbows in placenta all day. What do you wanna watch?  We've got  crap, crap, crap or crap I'm missing something. Wow But -- who -- what --? What just happened? Did I have anything to say about it? That ' s what I thought I'm here to pick up Bianca. late It's Scurvy's.  His date got convicted.   Where'd you get the dress? Oh huh No prob. Look, Clem even wore his good boots Mi' lady. My grandmother's . That's where I was last year.  She'd  never lived alone -- my grandfather died  -- I stayed with her.  I wasn't in jail,  I don't know Marilyn Manson, and I've  never slept with a Spice Girl.  I spent  a year sitting next to my grandma on the  couch watching Wheel of Fortune.  End of  story. It gets worse -- you still have your  freshman yearbook? What's Bianca doing here with that  cheese dick?  I didn't pay you to let  some little punk ass snake me. Feces hitting fan.  C'mon Joey, pal, compadre.  Let's take it  easy. Admit it.  You lost.  Be a man. Very uncool, my brother I'm not your brother, white boy. Just so you know -- she'll only spread  her legs once. And that's for the fourth grade,  asshole. Wait I... It wasn't like that. I didn't care about the money. I cared about -- She okay? Was that your sister? Funny. I don't understand the allure of  dehydrated food.  Is this something I  should be hip to? So tell me about this dance. Was it  fun? Which parts? Bianca did what? No -- impressed. You know, fathers don't like to admit  that their daughters are capable of  running their own lives.  It means we've  become spectators.  Bianca still lets me  play a few innings.  You've had me on  the bleachers for years.  When you go to  Sarah Lawrence, I won't even be able to  watch the game. Oh, Christ.  Don't tell me you've  changed your mind.  I already sent 'em a  check. I'd like to express my apologies. I didn't mean for you to get -- When  Bianca asked me to find you a boyfriend,  I had no idea it would turn out so --  ugly. I would never have  done anything  to compromise your - - - Who can tell me at what point Lucentio  admits his deception? I thought you could use it. When you  start your band. Besides, I had some extra cash. Some  asshole paid me to take out a really  great girl. Yeah, but then I fucked up. I fell for  her. You know -- it's not every day you find  a girl who'll flash her tits to get you  out of detention. I know Because I like to torture you. Don ' t you even dare. . . They do to! Can someone please tell her that  sunflower seeds come from sunflowers? Ask my attorney. 