"Fifteen minutes of fame?" I'm going to use that quote and not give you any credit for that, either. I'm going to paint this can of soup and become famous and not give you any credit for it. Hungry. Austin Powers? Hi, I'm Andy Warhol.I think it was Wordsworth who penned this little gem: 'Press the button, pull the chain, out comes a chocolate choo-choo train.' Damn. What exactly do you do at Virtucon? Is it about my teeth? To my health. 'Milk, milk, lemonade. Round the corner fudge is made. Stick your finger in the hole, And out comes a tootsie roll!' 'Pardon me for being rude, It was not me, it was my food. It just popped up to say hello, and now it's gone back down below.' Mmmm... I feel extreme relaxation. Sak-i it to me! Or sometimes not at all. Groovy. I'd rather talk about Number Two. Behave! I didn't, baby, you just told me. Your boss, Number Two, I understand that cat's involved in big underground drills. Call me Ritchie, Miss Fagina. May I call you Alotta... Please? What, and watch all my earnings go... Down the toilet? You seem surprised to see me. Smashing! If you can become famous, everyone will have their fifteen minutes of fame, man. Here, have this can of Campbell's Tomato Soup. Hey, how are you? Yes Basil? Thanks, Basil. Maybe the Nineties aren't so bad after all. Congratulations, Field Agent Kensington! I'd say that about sums it up, Exposition. Thanks. Yes, Basil? I think if everyone were honest, they'd confess that the lady looks exactly like a man in drag. You must admit, she is rather mannish. No offense, but if that's a woman, it looks like she's been beaten with an ugly stick. I'm sorry, Basil, I thought she was a man. That's not your mother, that's a man! Maybe these photographs are the last piece of that puzzle. I've uncovered the details on Project Vulcan. It's a new subterranean warhead delivery system. Circus folk. Nomads, you know. They smell like cabbage. Carnies. Excuse me? Thank you, Exposition. Only two things, scare me, and one is nuclear war. Hello, Exposition. Thank you. Yes? Oh, yes. Thank you. Yes? Thank you, Basil. She's working on another lead right now. Right away, Exposition. Yes? Thank you, Exposition. Thanks. Yes? Thank you, Exposition. My God, Vanessa's got a smashing body. I bet she shags like a minx. How do I tell them that because of the unfreezing process, I have no inner monologue? I hope I didn't say that out loud just now. You mean Mrs. Kensington? When do I begin? Groovy. Smashing! Good on ya! Nice tie. Yea capitalism! Thank God. Those capitalist dogs will finally pay for their crimes against the people, hey Comrades? Russian Intelligence? Are you mad? Yes, I'm having trouble controlling... THE VOLUME OF MY VOICE! WHO ARE THESE PEOPLE? Where am I? Thank you. Let's go, baby! Yes? Thank you. Just where you'd never think to look for him. We'll be there. Dr. Evil? I thought I put him in jail for good. We know all that, Exposition. Good on ya, man. Well, you can't always get what you want. Hey, Mick! Why not? It's a question. Really? Let me ask you this. What is love? Well, Destructacon 5000, you have quite a head on your shoulders, I dare to coin. Man, you are one chilly square! It seems the tables have turned again, Dr. Evil. That's why right now is a very groovy time, man. We still have freedom, but we also have responsibility. No, man, what we swingers were rebelling against were uptight squares like you, whose bag was money and world domination. We were innocent, man. If we'd known the consequences of our sexual liberation, we would have done things differently, but the spirit would have remained the same. It's freedom, man. I've got you, Dr. Evil! Dr. Evil, do you really expect them to pay? I'm sorry, baby, I'm just not grocking your head space. What's wrong with your hand? Behave! That's fab, because I love you, too, Vanessa. Lay it on me. I'm going it alone this time, Vanessa. I have a follow-up visit with the Evil Doctor. Don't worry! Follow me! We're going to have to jump over the rail! Hold on a tick, let me put on my togs. I can explain. They attacked me. Gas came out of her...well, and then they... and I... It's not what it looks like, Vanessa. At ease, boys. Anyways, what I'm trying to say is that if you want me to be a one-woman man, well, that's just groovy, because... I love you. Listen, Vanessa, whatever happens, I just want you to know that I feel bad about shagging that Italian girl. I had a sip of sake and all of the sudden, I don't know what happened. The whole time I was shagging her-- I mean really shagging her, I mean it was crazy, I was like a huge mechanical piston, in and out, IN and OUT!-- Too right, youth. That's why I need you to lead the troops. We've got a freaked out square and world annihilation is his bag. You go get help. I'm gonna stay here and keep an eye on the bad Doctor. Fair enough. It's a shame he wasn't more headstrong. That's not the way to get ahead in life. Not a good time to lose one's head. Smashing idea! Give it to me. All right, I get it. I have bad teeth. You have to understand, in Britain in the Sixties you could be a sex symbol and still have bad teeth. It didn't matter. First, I plan to soil myself. Then, I plan to regroup and think about the next move. Any thoughts? Does that make you horny? Yes, act naturally and we'll split this scene the way we came in, Vanessa. Don't worry, baby. I picked up a mind control technique during my travels to India. I learned it from my guru, the late Guru Shastri, a chaste man who mysteriously died of a disease that had all the hallmarks of syphilis. Just watch me. Watch me, now. No! Don't lay your hang-ups on me, Vanessa. You're being very trippy. Who? Since I've been unfrozen, I've had a rancid taste in my mouth. Do you have a piece of gum? Out and about, doing odds and sods. Yeah, I can't believe Liberace was gay. Women loved him, man. I didn't see that one coming. Hello, luv. It was just a shag, Vanessa. You're everything to me. Well they should, filthy beggars, they go from port to port. Alotta meant nothing to me. Only sailors use condoms, man. Of course, I had my nine-millimeter automatic. Don't be sorry. You're right to be suspicious. I shagged her. I shagged her rotten. Of course, luv. Look at her hands, baby! Those are carpenter's hands. She was very groovy. She was so in love with your Dad. If there was one other cat in this world that could have loved your Mum and treated her as well as you Dad did, it was me. But, unfortunately for yours truly, that train has sailed. I can't. You're drunk. Oh, yes you are. You're smashed, Vanessa. No, this is me in a nutshell. I'm sorry that bug up your ass had to die. I'm sorry. Sorry. Move your hand to the left. There you go. Gorgeous. Fancy a nibble? You're crazy. The camera loves you, Vanessa. No worries, luv. We'll just give Basil a tinkle on the telling bone... Well, you know... cows, and shagging. Let me tell you a story. There's these two bulls on top of a hill checking out some foxy cows in the meadow below. The young bull says, 'hey, why don't we run down the hill and shag us a cow?', and the wise old bull replies, 'no, why don't we walk down the hill and shag all the cows?' He's too well-protected right now. I never forget a pussy... cat. Hello, hello. That's Dr. Evil's cat. Let me see. We've got a doctor's appointment-- an evil doctor's appointment. Good morning, Vanessa! I hope you have on clean underwear. Good morning, luv, who are you on the phone with? That cat Number Two has an X-ray eyepatch. I get bad vibes from him, man. Listen, we should go back to the room, but first I have to go to the naughty chair and see a man about a dog. I can't see a bloody thing. I'm going to use a cover name. It's important that it be a generic name so that we don't draw attention to ourselves. I love Las Vegas, man. Oh, I forgot my x-ray glasses. I think I'll give that stew a ding-a- ling. Hey, who put this in here? Someone's playing a prank on me! Honestly, this isn't mine. Why? What's wrong with my teeth? Let me guess. The floss is garotte wire, the toothpaste contains plastic explosives, and the toothbrush is the detonation device. You've preserved my Jag! Smashing! Listen, Vanessa, I'm a swinger... That's what I do, I swing. Do I make you horny? Randy, you know. To you, am I eros manifest? Do I make you horny? Brrrr! She must be frigid. There's two things I know about life: one, Americans will never take to soccer. Two, Swedish girls and stewardesses love to shag! They're shag-mad, man! Let me ask you a question, Vanessa, and be honest. That's right. You're supposed to say 'colored' now, right? Here's the stewardesses! Bring on the sexy stews! You know, a Chigro... part Chinese, part Negro... Chigro. Have you ever made love to a Chigro? My meat and two veg. My wedding tackle. I've been frozen for thirty years, man, I want to see if my bits and pieces are still working. That's fascinating, Vanessa. Listen, why don't we go into the back and shag? Pretty groovy Jumbo Jet, eh? How does a hot chick like you end up working at the Ministry of Defense? My jumbo jet? Smashing baby. OK, OK, man, don't get heavy, I'll sign. Just to get things moving, baby. If it's a lie, goddamn her. It it's the truth, goddamn me. God, I hope that's witty. How's your mum? Well, as long as people are still having promiscuous sex with many anonymous partners without protection, while at the same time experimenting with mind-expanding drugs in a consequence-free environment, I'll be sound as a pound. I don't even know what this is. This sort of thing ain't my bag, baby. I'm telling you, baby, that's not mine. That's not mine. Danger's my middle name. Actually, my name's Austin Powers. Where did you learn to shoot? I'm going to go across the street and get you some sherbert. No, no, I want you to have it, even if it's my last piece. Don't mind if I do. Here, have a piece of gum. Everything seems to be in order. Sure.Be careful! But, wait, I-- you got me again. Oh, and Austin-- Here's the number of my dentist, he's first rate. Ring him up, he'll look after you. Austin, I have something for you as well. Not quite, actually. Vanessa, I have something for you. Well, Austin, you've stopped Dr. Evil from destroying the world with his subterranean nuclear probe, and somehow you and Agent Kensington managed to escape unscathed from his evil lair. Be careful. I'm leaving! Oh, and Austin? All right, Austin, I think you should go. Damn it, man! You're talking about my mother! My God, Austin, what have you done? Good God, and underground missile. We've long feared such a development. Indeed... If we could get back to the business at hand. It's one thing to have a warhead, it's quite another thing to have the missiles to launch it. What? What's the other thing you're scared of? What's the other? Austin, Vanessa, let me bring you up to speed. Dr. Evil has high- jacked a nuclear warhead from Kreplachistan and is holding the world ransom for one-hundred billion dollars. If the world doesn't pay up in four days, he's threatening to destroy the world. Be careful. There's one more thing, Austin. Let me remind you that because of the unfreezing process you might experience flatulence at moments of extreme relaxation. Oh, and Austin... Then you'll have to go it alone. Good luck. Where is Vanessa, by the way? Hello, Austin, this is Basil Exposition from British Intelligence. Thank you for confirming the link between Dr. Evil and Virtucon. Find out what part Virtucon plays in something called Project Vulcan. I'll need you and Vanessa to get on that immediately. Be careful. Oh, and Austin... Hello Austin. Hello Vanessa. This is Basil Exposition, from British Intelligence. There's a company in Las Vegas called Virtucon that we think may be linked to Dr. Evil. Many of the Virtucon executives gamble at the hotel/casino where you'll be staying. That's the first place you should look. Well, I'm off to the chat rooms. Be careful. Oh, and Austin... Yes, well...Agent Kensington will get you set up. She's very dedicated. Perhaps, a little too dedicated. She's got a bit of a bug up her ass. Good luck, Austin, the world's depending on you. Vanessa's one of our top agents. No, Austin, Mrs. Kensington has long- since retired. Ms. Kensington is her daughter. Immediately. You'll be working with Ms. Kensington. We won, Austin. A lot's happened since you were frozen, Austin. The cold war's over. You might also experience a slight fever, dry mouth, and flatulence at moments of extreme relaxation. Austin, this is Commander Gilmour, Strategic Command, and General Borschevsky, Russian Intelligence. The shouting is a temporary side- effect of the unfreezing process. You're in the Ministry of Defense. It's 1997. You've been cryogenically frozen for thirty years. Be careful. Oh, and Austin... Good luck, Austin. I'm afraid not. Earlier this week, Dr. Evil escaped from Zedel Edel Prison in Baaden Baaden and now he's planning a trap for you tonight at the Electric Psychedelic Pussycat Swinger's Club in Picadilly Circus here in swinging London. I just wanted to be extremely clear so that everyone knows what's going on at any given time. We've just received word that Dr. Evil, the ultimate square, is planning to take over the world. Hello, Austin. This is Basil Exposition, Chief of British Intelligence. You're Austin Powers, International Man of Mystery, and you're with Agent Mrs. Kensington. The year is 1967, and you're talking on a picture phone.One book: Swedish-Made Penis Enlarger Pumps and Me: This Sort of Thing Is My Bag, Baby, by Austin Powers. One warranty card for Swedish-made penis enlarger pump, filled out by Austin Powers. One credit card receipt for Swedish- made penis enlarger pump, signed Austin Powers. OK, Austin Danger Powers: One blue crushed-velvet suit. One frilly lace cravat. One gold medallion with peace symbol. One pair of Italian shoes. One pair of tie-dyed socks, purple. One vinyl recording album: Tom Jones, Live at Las Vegas. One Swedish-made penis enlarger pump. It says here, name Danger Powers. Danger Powers, personal effects.That's a direct order. You didn't see a thing! What's its current position? Shut up. Oh my God, he's back. What are you saying, son? Is it one of ours?Not really. Kill the little bastard. See what I care. Really, there's nothing more pathetic than an aging hipster. Your freedom has cause more pain and suffering in the world than any plan I ever dreamed of. Face it, freedom failed. Well done, Mr. Powers. We're not so different, you and I. It's true, you're British, and I'm Belgian. You have a full head of hair, mine is slightly receding. You're thin, I'm about forty pounds overweight. OK, we are different, I'm not making a very good point. However, isn't it ironic, Mr. Powers, that the very things you stand for-- swinging, free love, parties, distrust of authority- are all now, in the Nineties, considered to be... evil? Maybe we have more in common than you care to admit. No, Mr. Powers, I expect them to die. Even after they pay me the money, I'm still going to melt all the cities of the world with hot magma. All right, guard, begin the unnecessarily Slow-Moving Dipping Mechanism. Oh forget it. As a fellow player on the international stage, Mr. Powers, I'm sure you'll enjoy watching the curtain fall on the third and final act. Don't try to suck up to me! It's a little late for that. I'm a freak! Look at it, it's been rendered useless. Right. Okay. Moving on. You've all been gathered here to form my Evil Cabinet. Excuse me. Some of you I know, some of you I'm meeting for the first time. We've got a lot of work to do. Let this be a reminder to you all that this organization will not tolerate failure. Silence! And look what you've done to Mr. Bigglesworth! Can't you see I'm only half a man? Look at me, I'm a freak! Really? Are they ill-tempered? Right. I have one simple request-- sharks with friggin' laser beams attached to their heads, and it can't be done? Remind me again why I pay you people? What do we have? What is it now? Right. Mr. Powers, we're going to lower you in a tank of piranhas with laser beams attached to their heads. Yes, what is it? You're interrupting my moment of triumph. Release the sharks! All the sharks have had laser beams attached to their heads. I figure every creature deserves a warm meal. I like to see girls of that caliber. By caliber, I mean both the barrel size of their guns and the high quality of their character... Forget it. Quite impressive. Breathtaking, Frau. These automated strumpets are the perfect bait for the degenerate Powers. Austin Powers is getting too close. He must be neutralized. Any suggestions? My son? Yes. The details of my life are quite inconsequential. Actually, the boy's quite astute. I am trying to kill him. My Evil Associates have cautioned against it, so here he is, unfortunately, alive. No, the boy's right. I really am evil. Evil, actually, Doctor Evil. Scott, don't say that... I had the group liquidated, you little shit. They were insolent. What did you say? Don't you want to see what Daddy does for a living? Come, everyone, let us repair to the main chamber. Project Vulcan is about to begin. Scott, are you coming? No, Scott. You just don't get it, do you? No, we'll leave them alone and not actually witness them dying, and we'll just assume it all went to plan. Fine. Whatever. Mutated, ill-tempered sea bass it is. Come, let's return to dinner. Close the tank. One more peep out of you and you're grounded. Let's begin. I have a better idea. I'm going to put him in an easily-escapable situation involving an overly- elaborate and exotic death. In due time. Scott, I want you to meet Daddy's nemesis, Austin Powers. And that's how you want to live your life, is it? Fascinating. What are your plans for this evening? Scott my boy, come here. How was your day? An evil petting zoo? An evil vet? But Scott, who's going to take over the world when I die? Hello, Scott. I'm your father, Dr. Evil. I have a son! I have a son! Everyone, I have a son! Someday, Scott, this will all be yours. Oh, really? One-hundred billion dollars. OK, make it happen. Anything else? All right then... ...FIVE MILLION DOLLARS! Right. Oh, hell, let's just do what we always do. Let's hijack some nuclear weapons and hold the world hostage. Gentlemen, it's come to my attention that a breakaway Russian Republic called Kreplachistan will be transferring a nuclear warhead to the United Nations in a few days. Here's the plan. We get the warhead, and we hold the world ransom... ...FOR ONE MILLION DOLLARS! People have to tell me these things. I've been frozen for thirty years, throw me a bone here. OK, no problem. Here's my second plan. Back in the Sixties I had a weather changing machine that was in essence a sophisticated heat beam which we called a "laser." Using this laser, we punch a hole in the protective layer around the Earth, which we scientists call the "Ozone Layer." Slowly but surely, ultraviolet rays would pour in, increasing the risk of skin cancer. That is, unless the world pays us a hefty ransom. Gentlemen, I have a plan. It's called blackmail. The Royal Family of Britain are the wealthiest landowners in the world. Either the Royal Family pays us an exorbitant amount of money, or we make it look like Prince Charles, the heir to the throne, has had an affair outside of marriage and, therefore, they would have to divorce.Noooooooooooooo! No, no, I want you to have it, even if it's my last piece. Hey! Wait a minute, that's my last piece of gum. Here, have a piece of gum. Hey, wait a minute-- Hi, folks. You're entering a restricted zone. Can I see your security badges?Groovy! "You can't always get what you want!" That's a great title for a song! I'm gonna write that, and it'll be a big hit. Are you more satisfied now sexually, Austin? Hey Austin Powers, it's me, Mick Jagger.You shot me right in the arm! Why did-- Ow! You shot me! Hello up there! Anyone! Can someone call an ambulance? I'm in quite a lot of pain. Someone help me! I'm still alive, only I'm very badly burned. Ahhhhhhhhh! We could not anticipate feline complications due to the reanimation process&emdash; But Dr. Evil, all you need to do is-- --work with this tennis ball. Squeeze it for twenty minutes a day. A few months of that and it'll be just as strong as the other arm... But my design was perfect! Your autonomic functions were shut down, and even though your arm wasn't frozen, the aging was retarded, therefore your right arm is only slightly older than the left.Virtucon alone makes over nine billion dollars a year. Don't you think we should ask for more than a million dollars? A million dollars isn't that much money these days. Umm, that also has already happened. Um, Dr. Evil, Prince Charles did have an affair. He admitted it, and they are now divorced, actually. We also own the Franklin mint, which makes decorative hand-painted theme plates for collectors. Some plates, like the Gone With The Wind series, have gone up in value as much as two-hundred and forty percent, but, as with any investment, there is some risk involved.Commander, I have to log it... Should we scramble TacHQ for an intercept? In many ways, Bob's Big Boy never left, sir. He's always offered the same high quality meals at competitive prices. It appears to be in the shape of Bob's Big Boy, sir. No. Log Com Bird Twelve says its metalurg recon analysis is a standard alloy, not stealthy, not carbon- composite. It does have an odd shape, sir. Commander, this is Slater in SoWest Com Three. We have a potential bogey with erratic vectoring and an unorthodox entry angle.I hate you! I hate you! I wish I was never artificially created in a lab. Dad, we just made a breakthrough in group! Show me. Blow me. I don't want to. I have a gun in my room. Give me five seconds, I'll come back and blow their brains out. Aren't you going to watch them? They'll get away! Why don't you just shoot him now? Here, I'll get a gun. We'll just shoot him. Bang! Dead. Done. But what if he escapes? Why don't you just shoot him? What are you waiting for? Why are you feeding him? Why don't you just kill him? Yeah. What? Thought I'd stay in. There's a good tittie movie on Skinemax. Well, me and a buddy went to the video arcade in town and, like, they don't speak English right, and so my buddy gets into a fight, and he goes 'hey, quit hassling me cause I don't speak French or whatever', and the other guy goes something in Paris talk, and I go 'um, just back off' and he goes 'get out' and I go 'make me'. You always do that! Anyways, this is really hard, because, you know, my Dad is really evil. No. Maybe, like, work in a petting zoo or something. Not me. I haven't seen you my whole life and now you show up and want a relationship? I hate you! Hi. I just think, like, he hates me. I really think he wants to kill me. No, he's really evil. I don't know. I was thinking, maybe I'd be a vet or something, cause I like animals and stuff. I don't wanna take over the family business. OK. Well, I just really met my Dad for the first time three days ago. He was partially frozen for thirty years. I never knew him growing up. He comes back and now he wants me to take over the family business. Well, it's kind of weird.That's not true, Doctor. Please, tell us about your childhood. We've heard from Scott, now let's hear from you. Don't be so hard on yourself. You're here, that's what's important. A journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. That was great, Mr. Keon, Dave. Thank you. OK, group, we have two new member. Say hello to Scott and his father, Mr.... Ehville? OK, Scott, no one really wants to "kill" anyone here. They say it, but they don't mean it. Scott. We don't label people here, Scott. What do you want to do, Scott? And how do you feel about that? We don't judge here. So, Scott, why don't we start with you. Why are you here?