You don't believe it to be... tell me something, Doctor. Why do you think they would go to all this trouble... bring you tens of thousands of light years, and then send you home without a shred of proof? Sort of bad form, wouldn't you say? What was their intent? All the elements are there. A woman, orphaned young, under a great deal of stress. The failure of a project she's staked her self-worth and very sense of identity on -- induces a fantasy of reuniting with her 'father in heaven' as it were. Is it possible? Dr. Arroway, do you think it's possible you had some kind of... delusional episode. He died... ... in 1972. ... And this is how the extraterrestrial presented himself to you? As your father?-- It's extremely unlikely that they had any idea what they were looking at. It's a hoax. I knew it! Hope there's a cartoon. Mike, because of the Earth's rotation we're only in line with Vega so many hours a day; the only way to get the whole message is to cooperate with other stations. If Dr. Arroway hadn't moved quickly we could have lost key elements. Michael Kitz, National Security Advisor. So? Tell me. Still settling in, really. Where's Dr. Arroway? Now I remember why I went into theoretical work. Kent. For giving me a chance, just for a moment, to feel what it must be like to be you. Nothing. I guess I just wanted to thank you. Ellie... we both know that if I was any kind of a man, I never would've entered this race. That I would have told the President straight out: Helen, Eleanor Arroway is naive and strident and an enormous pain in the ass... but she's got more courage and intelligence than the rest of us put together. That more then anyone else on the planet, she's earned this. And that she should be the one to go because she's the best we have. But that's not who I am. I like to think it's who I might've been if things had gone a different way; that I might have been worthy, really worthy of what I've been given... You do what you have to do. And in the end, as with everything, it comes down to power. And it isn't fair... Right. Well. You aren't staying? They knew our level of development. If, as you say, they've done this many times they'd be well aware of the implications. ... Two years is still a hell of a long time -- and as far as we can tell there aren't any provisions in the machine design for storing food, water, even air... Excuse me, I'm late for a meeting. As of three o'clock this afternoon. I submitted my resignation. Ellie... you should know that I'm no longer the President's Science Advisor. I don't understand. Actually I'm running late -- Ellie. You were right, Ellie. You were right all along. We've cracked it. Lunacharsky found it. Interesting analogy. And how guilty would we feel if we happened to destroy some microbes on a beach in Africa? It's not a threat, Ellie, it's a fact -- if you're not careful, you may find yourself out in the cold very quickly. Play ball. Really. It's good advice. I want you to listen to me, carefully. The minute the implications of this message became clear, this stopped being simply a scientific matter and became a political one -- an extremely complex, extremely volatile one. There are forces at work here you don't understand; I can help you up to a point, but only up to a point. Ellie -- Apparently he's genuinely interested in science. This could be a chance to win him over. The theological ramifications of all this are obvious; the President feels we need to include religious interests rather than alienate them. She's also named Palmer Joss as their liaison; he's requested a meeting with you. ... Arrangements also have to be made for the V.I.P.s coming in, mostly religious leaders... Throw a gray scale on it; standard interpolation. You must have checked the signal for polarization modulation already... If it's attention you want I'd say you've got it. Just one thing: Why Vega? Everyone's looked at Vega for years with no results, and now, yesterday, they start broadcasting primes. Why? It was a worthy experiment -- worthy of you; I was wrong about that part. But it's over now. Then why haven't you detected any signals? If, as you claim, there have been thousands, millions of advanced civilizations out there for millions of years then why hasn't one signal gotten through? It'll take a month or two for the paperwork to go through; you're welcome to stay until then. No... You're not. But the price has just gotten too high. The point is, this isn't just scientific inquiry anymore -- it's turned into some kind of personal obsession. Meaning I have to go defend a budget to the President and to Congress and you're out here listening to washing machines. It's not like you've given me much choice. Ellie, I should have done this a long time ago, certainly before I left the N.S.F., but I wanted to give you every benefit of the doubt -- You know why I'm here. Ellie... Now exactly. It's... complicated. I'm surprised you even knew it was an election year. Very well; since my appointment he's been made interim director. Peter sends his regards. No, thanks. I disagree. Two: There's nothing out there but noble gasses and carbon compounds and you'd be wasting your time. And only two probabilities: One: there is intelligent life in the universe but they're so far away you'll never contact it in your lifetime -- I'm not. You're far too promising a scientist to waste your considerable gifts on this nonsense -- I'm sorry, Miss Arroway, not only is it too Speculative a subject for a doctoral dissertation, at this point in your career it'd be tantamount to suicide.Can't. Doctor's orders. The low oxygen/zero gravity environment is the only thing keeping the cancer from eating me alive. It's all right -- I like it here. Ever try sex in zero-G? As each component was tested and shipped off to Texas a duplicate was maintained and assembled in Hokkaido -- for backup purposes, of course. We've been right behind you the entire time. You see my problem: I couldn't appear to control too large a percentage; my enemies wouldn't stand for it. So I simply made sure the Japanese consortium received the systems integration contract. Of course no one had to know the corporations involved were recently acquired, wholly-owned subsidiaries -- Mmm. Look closer. Hokkaido Island. Wouldn't you if you saw Hitler on TV? Come; I want to show you something. I think whoever sent the message did it because they're worried about us. Oh, not quite yet. At least for their sake... ... I hope it's not. Because they're running out of time. Yes. A shame. Still... it'd be worse if they died for nothing. Japanese squid fleet. They use lights to attract them to the surface... then turn them into sushi. Poor, tired, spinning girl... How we feasted on her. And now that we've had our fill and given her a giant dose of the clap... we're pulling out. That's Paris, where my daughter was born. Moscow, where gangsters rule the night and I gave up smoking. So many battles, so many lives... all that sturm, and drang. As if it never happened. If it weren't for a few power grids, you wouldn't know we existed. A sunrise and a sunset every forty- five minutes. That's my girl. Done. In return... you get the primer -- and with it the power to stay in the game. Do we have a deal? That would seem to be the question of the hour. I want to build it, Doctor. Of course I'm already lobbying through the usual channels of influence and corruption -- but as I said, my colorful past has made many of those channels... difficult to navigate. I need someone on the inside. Very good, Doctor. I've also detected structural elements, back references, a general movement from the simple to the complex -- all of which would seem to indicate instructions -- an enormously complicated set of instructions -- for building something. -- even if he doesn't receive the entire transmission. Heaven is the mustard seed. Not if you think like a Vegan. Page after page of data -- over sixty-three thousand in all, if I'm not mistaken... and at the end of each... That's my girl... Lights. I've had a long time to make enemies, Dr. Arroway. There are many governments, business interests, even religious leaders who would like to see me disappear. And I will grant them their wish soon enough... But before I do, I wish to make a small contribution -- a final gesture of goodwill toward the people of this little planet who've given -- from whom I've taken so much. Oh, maybe not out -- but definitely looking for you coat. I understand you've had some difficulty locating the -- what are you calling it? The 'primer' that will make decryption possible... I've found it. The powers that be have been quite busy lately, falling over each other to position themselves for the game of the century, if not the millennium. Perhaps you've noticed. Perhaps I could help deal you back in. The infamous, unfashionable bluntness. You're here so we can do business. I want to make a deal. I find it convenient to keep my interests... mobile. Anyway, I've had my fill of life on the ground. After spending much of this century pursuing the evils and pleasures the world has to offer -- after outliving three wives and two children... I find I've had quite enough of planet Earth. Once upon a time I was a hell of an engineer. Please, sit, Doctor. I have guests so rarely, it's important to me they feel welcome in my home. Did you know this was once Yeltsin's flying dascha? That dent is where he threw a bottle of vodka at the pilot. At least that's what the people who sold me the plane said...I think it is your naivete I like best about you, Eleanor. Oh, there'll be a worldwide protest, but we all knew it from the very beginning. You Americans discovered the signal, you led the decryption effort. The machine is being built on your home soil... Of course the passenger will be an American, chosen by Americans. Anyway, it is what the whole world wants, no? This is the big show. The sort you put on better than anyone. It's good marketing. It's good casting. It's the American way. I do. More than anything. But I am also a realist. Soon this... what is your charming term -- ? Dog and pony show will finally be over, and I will go home. Perhaps. But on the off-chance that it is a 'doomsday device' of some kind, I plan to be very far away from your lovely Texas when it is activated. Very well. Assume this is true. Assume they have only the best of intentions. Suppose they decide to just step in and solve all our problems for us. You have no objection to them so flagrantly intervening in human affairs?Meaning... Does that mean you think it doesn't exist? In other words. Maybe what you experienced can't be reduced to images on a videotape. Maybe they still plan to grant your request, only in their own way, in their own time... Or maybe it's just like you said: ultimately their motives may be as incomprehensible as their technology. Ellie... if you go out there like this -- if you admit to even the possibility that what you experienced didn't actually happen -- I'm afraid they really will crucify you. Please. For your own sake, for the sake of the world... tell them what you know to be the truth. Tell them it really happened. Have you seen what's happening out there? The terror, the despair? The world is on fire, Ellie. People need something they can believe in, something worthy, and you can give it to them! Ellie, the only one holding you to that standard is you! The people want to hear your story, they need to hear it! Ellie, you're the proof. You tell them your story. Ultimately they'll have no choice but to believe you. It also makes God enormous. I think of the scope of your universe, Ellie... and it takes my breath away. As it will everyone else's. I do. I'm not sure it's come to that. It was quite a page turner. Hi. Ellie, there is no reason you have to be alone. Do you really think your life is meaningless, Eleanor? Is that why you're so quick to risk it -- because if your life means nothing then you have nothing to lose? And then what? Then you'll be safe? I'm in love with you, Ellie. What are my other options? In fifty years? Never? What are you so afraid of? What? Ellie, what is it? What is it? What...? Maybe that's okay. You're trembling. During the crusades -- pilgrims who made the journey to the holy land brought back a palm frond to show they'd actually been there. I thought it sort of made sense that Earth is now your holy land, so... Oh. I brought you something. So. The final countdown. Ellie... the last time we spoke... I said some things... What if their answer is, 'Oh, that's easy. A thousand years ago our world was in terrible shape, our population out of control, violent crime, no food... so we called a general council and decided to eliminate the anit-social. The weak. The sick. The unwanted. And ever since we've been doing great.' An excellent question, Doctor. But what if we don't like the answer? Ellie -- What are you so afraid of, Ellie? And yet you're willing to die for this cause, the one thing that's given your life a sense of purpose. Don't you see the contradiction here -- ? Do you really believe your life is meaningless? I don't follow. I don't consider you the enemy, Ellie. I'm not 'out to get' technology. I only ask the question: Does it have to have all the answers? I look out there and I see so much emptiness... People are so starved for meaning, and it's something they just don't seem to be getting from science. I won't deny I was ambitious. When I had my... experience... I wanted to tell my story to as many people as possible. I'm the first to admit that process included making some compromises. You didn't answer my question. What'd you think? Really. You're willing to die for this. And everybody you care about would be dead and buried. If you came back... you'd only be four years older -- but over 50 years would have passed on Earth. Relativity. Explain this to me one more time... even if you traveled near the speed of light, when you came back -- In other words, God is one hell of an engineer. Why? Maybe you're creating a monster. Some of my best friends are scientists. They're saying the machine is alive. Some of my best friends are scientists. Prove it. Did you love him? Do you love your parents? Look, I'm a reasonable person, and reasonably intelligent. But this experience went beyond both. For the first time I had to consider the possibility that intellect, as wonderful as it is, is not the only way of comprehending the universe. That it was too small and inadequate a tool to deal with what it was faced with. I had... an experience. Of belonging. Of unconditional love. And for the first time in my life I wasn't terrified, and I wasn't alone. ... It's an old story. I grew up in South Boston, more or less on the streets. By the time I was thirteen I'd tried my first hit of heroin, by fifteen I'd stopped using but I was dealing full-time. By the time I was nineteen I decided I didn't want to live any more, at least not in a world like that. One day I got on a bus; I got as far as Ohio before my money ran out, and after that I just kept walking. Didn't eat, didn't sleep... just walked. I ended up collapsing in a wheat field. There was a storm... I woke up... And that's about as far as words'll go. Now you know. Only a tiny bit. Even the most devout believer is allowed a little doubt. So if I let the pendulum go, when it swings back you wouldn't flinch. And you believe this law with all your heart and soul. Your 'faith' tells you that the distance a pendulum swings from the vertical can never get bigger, only smaller. 'My father's house has many mansions.' How do you mean? Spoken like a true believer. And what would you have done if the odds had gone against you? ... What I'm curious about are the wilderness years. You're out there all alone, no money, mocked by the skeptics. It must have taken tremendous faith. Make that two. I'd have to say I don't know enough to have one yet. For the moment I don't believe the two approaches have to be mutually exclusive. I agree with Mr. Rank that there are unavoidable religious implications here -- but I don't think it justifies taking an alarmist position. Dr. Arroway is right -- their chosen means of communication was a scientific one, and a scientific approach is probably appropriate, at least until the theological dimensions of the problem become more apparent.So... there wasn't any clothes in the machine. She was just sitting there on the floor with her ear pressed up against the Maytag. Listening. Last week, about 3 A.M., Fish -- Dr. Fisher -- was on a late shift, and he found her doing laundry. Nothing. Okay. Some of us have been a little... not concerned, exactly, but... Glad to have you, David. How's the new office? It's incredibly rich. We've been cataloging it in frames or 'pages'; right now we're on 10,413. Can't we get rid of them? It can't be coming from Vega, the system's too young. You've only searched -- what is it, sixteen hundred stars without a peep? Try not to take it too personally. Never seen the optical sky myself, but I hear it's nice too. It's how I hear it. The display's just a little something I programmed for astronomers with the misfortune of sight. Here, right around Centaurus A. 1919+21. Found a glitch in the timing; probably a starquake. Kent, Kent for Chrissakes. You must be Eleanor.What? Pull the plug. Get her out of there. Ellie? Anything happening in there, El? What? That's one way of putting it. Kitz, the President, the I.S.C. have shut down all official communications; there've also been reports of riots flaring up across the U.S. and Europe. Until we figure out what went wrong things may get rough, especially for you -- What day? It's all right, the important thing is you're safe -- Thank God. When we lost contact, I thought -- we thought... but you're okay. We're still trying to determine the nature of the malfunction. Did you notice anything at all that -- Ellie -- are you okay? Like it or not. It's really happening. It's good to see you, Ellie. Ellie. That is true. But it's also true that if I really thought we wanted the same things, I'd follow you anywhere... but the truth is I don't think you want the company. Be honest, El. There's nowhere you'd rather be than sitting out at some remote corner of the world searching for the answers to the mysteries of the universe. And call me crazy, but I just can't compete with that... I'm sorry. Ellie -- I'm getting married. Her name's Laura. She came up to Owens Valley to do her post-doc about six months after you left. Ellie -- Jesus -- Maybe that's the problem. I want... a family, Ellie. I want kids. A townhouse on L street instead of still living like a college kid. A real life. Maybe that makes me a sellout but I don't care anymore. It's what I want. 'The work,' Jesus, Ellie, can't there just once be more to life than the work? Okay, maybe that's the only way to get the recognition, win the prizes -- This is a chance to be of enormous help to other people's research -- to have the power to be a real advocate where David's got blind spots -- I'm going on staff at the N.S.F. To work for Drumlin. -- I'm moving to Washington. Actually -- Thirty-one linked dishes. You could search more sky there in a day than you could in a year here. What if I said I could get Drumlin to agree to sell you time in New Mexico? How close are you to getting this funding put together? Ellie... even if you do manage to raise the money, have you thought about what it would really mean to follow through on this? I mean a college fetish is one thing, but we're talking about your career. You won't be publishing. You won't be taken seriously... and you could spend your entire life looking and never find anything at all. And? Any luck on the grant money? 'Any sufficiently advanced technology...' They can't. I think it's against human nature to admit to that level of... insignificance; to not see yourself as basically the center of the universe. Keep it down, okay? Drumlin thinks I'm enough of a flake as it is. Look -- everyone here has their little fetishes. Caven goes to topless bars, Vernon's got his carnivorous plants... mine just happens to be extraterrestrial intelligence. Yavol. Peter Valerian. That's what they all say. It's beautiful but it does get a little lonely. Sometimes I think the reason we build these things in such godforsaken places isn't to avoid excess radio traffic but because we're all such pathetic antisocial misfits... Speaking of which: How're you getting on with the old man?What's the status of the decryption effort? Mr. Rank's organization represents the point of view of tens of millions of families, Dr. Arroway. Feel free to disagree, but there won't be any suppressing of opinions here today. A transport. So are they coming or are we going? How soon will you be able to decode it? What does it say? Have your department make a full report. Recommendations? That's it, Mike. Last time I checked, I was still running the country. Although it seems that for the moment, Dr. Arroway is running the planet. Well. That would seem to decide it. Like it or not, for the moment, anyway, it looks like we're all in this together. Oh my God...Nobody is proposing we censor the truth here, Doctor. We're simply talking about putting a mechanism in place -- How would you propose we handle it, Doctor? Dr. Arroway, you are entitled to your opinion. But we feel quite strongly that it would by both irresponsible and naive to send a human being into a completely unknown, completely uncontrollable situation absolutely defenseless. It's designed purely as a defensive device. Call it a reasonable precaution. You have a question, Dr. Arroway?Childhood is over, Ellie. It's time to grow up. It's time to go home now. Ellie... this is the way it's been done for billions of years... No more stalling, Captain. That isn't the way it works. Eventually you'll get here on your own. This was just the first step; in time you'll take another. If we don't engineer a consistent causality it'll work itself out on its own, and that's almost always worse. Ellie, according to your physics none of this is possible. A lot of it you're simply not capable of understanding, not yet. No offense. Now... you go home. You always have been. We're all descendants of the same stars, Ellie. All made of the same primordial atoms. Am I one... or many? ... life is unspeakably rare. So whenever we do find another civilization, especially one that's... struggling... We send a message. Sometimes we can offer help. Sometimes we can't. But we always try. Life is simply too precious not to. You have your mother's hands... There are no tests, Ellie. We don't sit in judgment. Think of us more as... librarians. Curators of the Universe's rarest and most valuable creation... Not all. Some choose to stay at home and dream their dreams. Some never make it this far. We don't know. Whoever they were, they were gone long before we ever got here. Oh, we didn't build it. The transit system has been in place for billions of years; we're just its... caretakers. Many others. You contacted us. We were simply listening. We've been listening for millions of years. Small moves, Captain, small moves. Originally just another species like yourselves. Well, not like you at all actually, but... We thought this might make things a little easier. Am I artifact or dream? You might ask that about anything. That's my scientist. I'm sorry I couldn't be there for you, sweetheart. Time to sleep now, Captain. But you can ask more questions in the morning, okay? That's a beauty, Captain. Now get some sleep. Mmm, that's a good one. Maybe his echo... Okay, no more stalling. Big enough radio, I don't see why not. On that old shortwave? Maybe on a clear night. Come on now, under the covers. Just be yourself, Captain. Find out where he is. Talk to him. Try again between the static and 'Hey Jude'; that's where they're hiding. Small moves, Captain, small moves.NORAD's not tracking any spacecraft in our vector including snoops; shuttle Endeavor's in sleep mode. That can't be right; it's only twenty-six light years away. Hydrogen times pi... Got it. Strong sucker. Got a bogey, boss? Been there, done that, got the T-shirt.