What did he do? You mean if I get sick? Don't they ever let us take these boots off? Do I look wasted -- asshole? Waxy Wright. Didn't Jon Archer bust you for poisoning five members of the Canadian parliament? I don't care -- he's manipulating it. That bomb has been built and it's out there, somewhere. He's lying. Sorry, Admiral. It wasn't mentioned in the job description. ... Thanks. Yeah, real fine. Especially all the casualties. Yes ... someone might want to tear him apart -- snuff him out -- for revenge. How old is he? Nice-looking kid. Perfect fit. I'm not the same person you remember. I hear you're a manicurist now -- got your own business and everything. I'm glad you've stayed clean. You shouldn't have brought me here ... it's dangerous. Where am I? Drive. Yeah -- me. Or reactivated the first one. Why would he need more? And this thing can grow it? For being one helluva guy. Thanks, Pollux. Being stuck in this rat-hole when it blows. Bro, what you built was a work of art. That little fucker belongs in the Smithsonian. That's not the worst part. And I bet I've kept that promise ... Uh -- to kill the doctors? Oh, God -- Mom OD'd at County General. Like ... I don't know. Everything's jumbled -- so you're going to have to help me fill in a few blanks. Do you know what it is to be in a coma? It fucks up everything -- including your memory! I can't even tell you why Dobbs jumped me yesterday! I was in a coma, Pollux. I still feel like shit. What do you mean? So? Pollux ... They haven't found it yet -- Listen, Pollux ... Hey, bro ... Would it? That's what they always say. How is he? Eve ... I know Lazarro -- the first person she'd call is "me." We can't take the chance of tipping Castor off. The bomb. He's reactivated it. And everyone there is going to die. You can't go. You can't be anywhere near that place. He's going to kill off our bureau chiefs -- one-by-one. Our Pacific Rim stations. These numbers must be bounties. Castor's not wasting any time. Whatever happened, whatever he did -- I know it's my fault and I know I can never make it up to you -- What more proof do you need? Why point it at me? I'm the real thing. An NSA surgeon gave me Castor's face. He handled the transplant, the vocal implant, everything. But somehow Castor came out of his coma -- and killed everyone who knew about the mission. But not before he was transformed into me. -- I called, but I'm not Castor. I'm your husband. Don't hang up ... Think about it, Eve! Everything he's done recently has been peculiar, right? He's said and done things your husband would never do ... Never mind that! Just take Jamie and get out of that house. Don't tell anyone where you're going -- especially not him -- just GO. Eve, listen carefully. The man you think is your husband -- isn't. I can't tell you ... except only I can do it. One last time. It's important ... Five years ... I still can't get it out of my head -- an inch to the left, Matty would still be alive. How come? Were you there to catch me? So you had a nightmare. Must've been after we got engaged. Something good? It's important. We need to talk. Is that what you think? Everything I say is wrong. I can't talk to her anymore. Just make sure you're there. On time. Call Lazarro. Castor just came out of his coma. Don't worry. I've done my homework. I'll get Pollux to talk. She doesn't know -- and she never will. Which ear was it? He'd see that a mile away. The only person he'd talk to about that bomb is his brother. Unfortunately, turnips can't talk. Go on. How's Loomis? I'm not hiding in my work, if that's what you're saying. One of my informants spotted him -- right here in the city. I've been working night and day. I haven't had time. Like gangbusters, doc. Okay, I missed the last one. Jamie ... Give up, Castor. People are going to find out. I don't know. How long before it kills us? Vacuum-sealed globe ... shouldn't take long. Stay away from my family! What are you going to do! What are you going to do, Castor? You killed them? It can't be. It's impossible. -- Castor? You can tell me all about it -- from your prison cell. Mention my family once more and you're dead. You're under arrest. Incredibly, you still have the right to remain silent -- And how much will your "fun" net you this time? Walton, you have to let me see the warden -- Pollux is -- what? I'm going to have you fired. They're too tight.What's the matter with your voice, Commander? What makes you so sure this guy's gonna set up his own brother? SFPD? Castor isn't stupid enough to come back to the city.Shoot him! Not if I kill you first ... Five seconds. What -- what are you doing? Too late, your kid worships me. And your wife -- she's an animal. Even I can't keep up with her. You've given me the freedom I haven't had in years, and the power to make it pay off in ways I never thought possible. But hell -- this is America. One day a pauper, the next day, a prince. And I owe it all to you. Now if you'll excuse me, I've got an important government job to abuse, -- and a beautiful wife to fuck. Excuse me -- I mean "make love to." Let's not confuse things anymore. I'm Archer. You're Castor. But if you need proof -- Of course I killed them, you DUMB FUCK. And torched every shred of evidence that proves who you really are. Swallow this one, Commander. You are going to be in here for the rest of your life. I believe the phrase Dr. Hoag used was "titanically remote." Who knows? Maybe the trauma of having my face cut off pulled me out. Or maybe God really is on my side after all. By the way, I know you don't get the papers in here. Not anymore. Don't count on it. You can't kill me, Jon. I've got something going this Saturday night ... it's gonna be worse than anything God ever dumped on the Pharaohs -- and only I can stop it. What're you gonna do with me gone? You'll drive your wife and kid nuts! I bet your daughter is just about ripe by now. What's her name, Janie? What's it to you? I declare it. Here I am, back in the States for less than a month -- Jon, I'm getting a little annoyed by your obsessive need to spoil my fun. Castor Troy almost strangled me to death. Where the hell were you? Just saving the tax-payers the cost of a trial. So take a hike. I've never been more certain of anything. Get everyone in position. -- And get the word out -- shoot to kill. We've got him sighted. Okay, Pollux, pull out. Trust me, he's already here. Get going! There's my little darling. The night wouldn't be complete without you. I mean like protection. Did it look like I was siding with him? Did it? You want to play with the bad boys, you better be prepared. Do you have protection? What are you -- stupid? Get a higher arc on the ball, Jamie. And for Chrissake, square your shoulders to the basket. You'll be seeing a lot of changes around here. Daddy's a new man. I won't tell mom if you don't. Screw your boundaries, Janie. You have something I want. Get rid of them. Let's try to be a little less formal from now on, shall we? That's your name, isn't it? Well, I saw you -- Kim. You can't blame me for trying. Obviously someone else knows it! Get everybody back to their posts -- NOW! What? Where should I be? Where's everyone else? What the fuck do you think happened? Castor Troy just shot him! What are you waiting for? GO! Escaped? From Erewhon? I want everyone on this -- our entire force and the SFPD. What happened? A lot of people think you're a snitch. It's dangerous ... You'll need to recultivate that virus. All of them do. We'll kill twelve birds with one bomb. And we'll be rich. We gut the organization -- and rebuild it with more reliable friends. Yeah -- it's Santa's Magic fucking Village. Your present's in here. There's fun, bro. Then there's FUN. Are you TRYING to give us away? For somebody with such a big brain, you think awfully small. You're supposed to be snitching, making me look legit. Trust me. You're gonna love it ... -- I'll be one of the most powerful men in the country. Didn't matter how much cash I made pulling wet jobs -- I was still too low on the food chain -- always with somebody like Jon Archer after me. The best part is -- I'm the GOOD guy. You better get used to it. That bitch Lazarro is getting kicked upstairs. Guess what white-bread family man is going to replace her? Business first. I went into the "Warrants" system and erased your records. You're clean. In fact, you're now on the informant payroll. No. Most of them are in transit by now. I'm heading over to the hotel to personally oversee security. What is it, Admiral? I'm under the gun here. Done. In fact, I was already plotting about the best way to meet the foreign bureau chiefs. I had doubts too. I always looked at a desk as though it were a ball-and-chain. But something happened ... What's that? Just following your example. You're the only person in this place who can see right through me. Normally, I would. But today ... Back then -- who wasn't? Sure, baby -- go anywhere you want. But I have to give you an escort. Security reasons. I'll deal with her later. Where's Jamie? Okay, I have a confession to make. But you aren't going to like it. I disagree. You think I've been acting strange. Like a completely different person. What are you doing? I'll have a talk with her. By the way, you never said anything about last night ... Oh, that Karl. Great. Okay, if you insist. But -- you drive. I'm late. Gotta protect and serve the world, y'know. What's on your mind? Call me spontaneous. So you see, I'm not going anywhere. Unless it's upstairs with you ... I'm replacing Lazarro. Nice, safe desk job -- just like you wanted. Can't you see I'm trying to change? I sent Jamie off because I wanted to be alone with you. I wanted to see the candle-light dance in your beautiful -- I'm not going anywhere. Gone? Wouldn't be the first time -- or would it? They say love is blind. Do you think that's true? Hurry up -- the salad's getting warm and the pasta's getting cold. Don't I usually kiss my wife? Have fun at work. The hospital? Oh, that's right -- you're a doctor. Ha-ha. It didn't work out as planned. Where are you off to? What do you know about it?Right ... like Jon Archer would ever let that happen. He's your brother, you figure it out. Maybe he made another bomb. Yes. Pollux bought one along with the original batch. Obviously, he found a way to make more.You said it, Jon, not me. I just asked you about making love to your wife, and you started talking about your job. You're supposed to make time. When was the last time you told her you love her? When was the last time you two had sex? You missed the last three, including her birthday. Your wife's gripe sheet. How is the "date night" idea going over with Eve?Yeah, mom cut me some slack -- but I decided ... I'd like to be here for you. Here, mom. You can have it back. Thanks, though. You mean like ... condoms? You haven't changed at all! Some guy tries to rape me -- and you side with him! Like you know anything about it. When did you start smoking? Clarissa left those here. Janie?What do you expect us to do -- shut down the city, evacuate two million people on a hunch? Jon, he's hooked up to a full-spectrum polygraph. No one has ever beaten -- Try to kiss my butt just once before I'm transferred. I'm complimenting you. Can't you ever just say "thanks"? Fine work, Jon. Okay, then. I leave it in your able hands. I just thought that -- under the circumstances -- you might want to postpone the meeting with the station chiefs. I just heard about Castor's fratricide -- rather poetic, don't you think? Jon, you're starting to remind me -- of me. Congratulations. You'd have to start immediately. Me. I have doubts about your ability to stick with what is essentially a desk job. D.C.'s very high on giving you the promotion. There's just one problem. You've made us look pretty good in the past week. And the way you handled the press -- Look at you, Jon -- at your age -- an American hero! I'd buy you a drink but I know you'd just turn me down."Thanks?" I guess they really did fuck you up. For what? What's worse than losing five million bucks? Only one you've never broken. After that. You promised you'd always take care of me. Retching and convulsing while those bastards didn't even try to save her sorry ass. You gave her mouth to mouth -- man -- even then you had some constitution. A few blanks? Like what? You porked his wife the day he was arrested. How could you forget that? Let me have a look. You shoot hoops like a chick, you smoke like a wuss, and -- I don't know -- you're different. So? The procnias averano is a South American bird. The flight here was only three hours! And yesterday a European swallow flew by! Where the fuck are we? Shut up. You're not my brother. The brother I knew would never have been caught by that dumb fuck Archer. At least tell me the bomb is still going off. Like I fucking care? I'm not just sitting here! What about me? No problem. Good, because I checked your salary -- and it bites. How the everyday working-class stiff survives in today's economy is something I'll never ... Most of the current chiefs -- they must have pretty hefty prices on their heads. Eight pocket stingers ... seven piper uzis ... six cobra carbines ... five - net - launch-ers ... I'm just having some fun. Don't worry, nobody knows I'm inside. Check it out. Remember that fat fuck agent who roughed us up in Thailand? He's being treated for bone cancer at the V.A. Thanks to the miracle of NSA grid-technology ... -- Ooops! His radiation does just quadrupled. Don't get mad, but I just went for a little stroll through the company switches. No -- the best part is, since it's a government job -- they can't fire you! But how can you be sure you'll get the appointment? I can't even look at you without wanting to vomit. You merciless bastard!This is it, Jon. For the next 72 hours -- you're on your own. Now what? Either way, come Saturday morning -- I'm pulling you the hell out of there. You haven't got a chance in hell of fooling Pollux. Castor drinks, smokes and walks around with a 24-hour hard-on. He's nothing like you. Jon, this is goddam insane. You can't go through with it. What about Eve? The left, I think. Those surgeons in Witness Protection can fix things nobody's even broken yet. We can send in a plant -- try to get Pollux to spill the location. Castor's still alive -- Technically. He's a turnip, on total life-support ... Apparently, fine. He's coming into work. That's the good news ...Or what? You'll have me fired? Archer cut him a deal for turning state's evidence. He's free. You better be nice, Castor. You could get mighty lonely now that Pollux is gone. You'll what? So's a noose. Now keep your mouth SHUT.He hit a guard. They don't give two fucks about your health. The Clinic's where they send the real hard-cases for attitude adjustment. Look at O'Neill -- Not unless you're sent to the "Clinic." You look great, Castor. Really. Here -- I got a shot of your favorite -- Mescal. Even has the worm. They never should've voted against U.S. statehood -- the scumbags. We heard you got wasted.