Of course, but there's more -- Uh, V.I.P. security arrangements generally take some time, Senator. Standing right here in my office. Your prerogative, Senator. -- nothing I can do about it unless you're suggesting I infringe on their civil liberties -- which I'd happily do if you'll just trim a little fat off the Constitution. Senator, they stand out on the public highway with telephoto lenses -- Basically -- he asked me if I could unring a bell. Well, if you had to go over my head, lieutenant, that's the way to do it. Christ, nothin' like a 0-200 call from the Commander and Chief to get the bowels movin'. I'm not sure what -- I don't see how, O'Neil. Dismissed. I find this as distasteful as you, lieutenant. But if it's on my desk, it's on my shoulders. There's going to be an inquiry -- it will not be quick and it will definitely not be pretty. You should prepare yourself. I don't know of any delicate way to say this, lieutenant, so I won't try. Claims have been made that you have engaged in fraternization -- of the same-sex variety. Specifically, that you were... "... seen leaving the apartment of another female officer at such a time and in such a manner as to suggest conduct unbecoming." Permission to evaporate, O'Neil. "We'll all have lunch." Good idea. Oh, and let's be sure to invite this sociologist, too -- just in case we want to have a FUCKING BRIDGE GAME AFTERWARDS! You makin' friends with the press, lieutenant? You'll get everything you want, O'Neil. Let's see if you want what you're gonna get. Then good night. And if you just happen to wash out, I won't have to contend with you bitchin' to some hairy-chested female Senator? And please note I did not identify any one in particular. Straight up? Well. 'Least now we're talking the same language. So one standard. Is that what you're after? No, sir, WHAT? What I resent, lieutenant, is some politician using my base as a test tube for her grand social experiment. What I resent is the sensitivity training that is now mandatory for my men... the day-care center I have to build where an officer's lounge used to be... and the OB/GYN I have to keep on staff just so someone can keep track of your personal pap smears. But most of all, lieutenant, I resent your perfume, however subtle it may be, competing with the aroma of my fine three-dollar-and-fifty- nine cent cigar, which I will happily put out this very instant if the phallic nature of it happens to offend your goddamn fragile sensibilities. DOES IT? Did you just barge in here and curse at your base commander? If so, I regard that as a bonafide brain- fart, and I resent it when people fart inside my home. Did you just have a brain-fart? Because I was civil, now you're complaining. Oh, really. All right, lieutenant, give me a name and specifics, I'll have the X.O. file an action first thing in the morning. A name? Didn't take long. If you were like everyone else, lieutenant, I suspect we wouldn't be making statements about not making statements, would we? Take your leave. Then that's all I have to say. Dismissed. I'm not out to change your sex, lieutenant. You'll have separate beds, separate heads. If you have specific medical needs, inform the infirmary. If a classmate or superior acts in an harassing or otherwise unbecoming manner, please inform me immediately so I can deal with it immediately. Questions? Don't worry about it. If it's off your collar and out of your eyes, that's all I'm going to ask. So. We're still coming to terms with the exact protocol for this -- for integrating the Spec-Recon training. It may not always be smooth, but we're trying to make it as painless as possible for you. Would you care for a beverage? Tea? Yes, of course. Please, have a seat, lieutenant...Entering my scan now... No problem, sir! Motherachrist... Aw, what is this... What, we're gonna pry 'em out with paddles? Banditos on the east perimeter! 150 yards! Shit, she was part of it! Only blanks. Lemme do it. Smoke her.I think it's more important, sir, to decide what we're going to do -- since it's apparent this issue is not going away quietly. Doesn't matter who she picks. No woman is going to last one week in a commando training course. And I don't care who it is. I'd go Special Reconnaissance. Every bit as tough -- and we have a 60 percent drop-out rate among the men.Six o'clock! Marking, marking! Close as I can get, el-tee! Really don't wanna be captured, el- tee. Heard some bad things. 'Snot me. It's him. I'll work on it, ma'am. No, ma'am. It's really "F. Lee Montgomery" -- but that gets whittled down to just "Flea." For short, ma'am.The commission concluded that the aviator in question failed to execute a proper approach to the carrier. I'm really not prepared for any kind of in-depth review of -- I was one member of the investigating commission. Madam Senator... this is an internal document of the U.S. Navy. I must seriously question whether -- Hardly the case, Senator. ... last few years have brought many advances in the interests of women in naval service, particularly in the land-based maritime specialties. What's more, the Navy has instituted special sensitivity courses with an eye on -- "G.I. Jane." And which one of you told me she wouldn't last a week? Huh? What the hell is the President trying to do? Steal DeHaven's thunder? Then I suggest we start there. So she picks the women, we pick the programs. Seals?You're wanted at the C.O.'s. O'Neil? Flea! O'Neil! Why is there a break in that line? If you can't feel the other guy's pecker, you ain't in tight enough! I want nuts to butts! ... two... one... MARK! Don't have to use it, O'Neil, but it's gotta go out. Five... four... three...I oughtta report you. She's a women, and that's why you're ridin' her bareback. She's a trainee, just like the others. Why are you coming down so hard? You broke a dozen training rules back there -- before I lost count. Get it up! Miller. Thought the guy was made of depleted uranium. Really didn't expect to lose him. Time. Maybe it's not my place to speculate on his private thoughts. But I think the Chief knew that his way -- his world -- had come and gone. The Chief was granted early retirement as of 17-hundred yesterday. By 18-hundred he was gone. Out of the Navy. I believe he earned it for saving a man's life in Saudi Arabia. He wanted you to have it. He was very clear on that point. Automatic five-second deduction, which slips you under the wire. It's called "gender-norming," O'Neil -- standard procedure for all females in physical training courses. Where you been the last few years? You'll try what we tell you to try, O'Neil. Go regulation. Not doin' them very fine, O'Neil.O'Neil. Our air's gonna crap out as soon as we get down there. You know that, don't you? Fuck me. Hey. Ain't your call, man. I ain't gonna shoot her. Shit. Think we're had. Maybe half. Not even. Smoke it! 32 feet, six inches! Mighta been civilian. She part of the training? Just askin' What's our go-to-shit plan, O'Neil? You mind? I'm trying to eat here. Somebody throw a tent over this circus. We are so fucked. We're fucked."Yes, Jordan -- I'll wait for you no matter how long." Look. It's not like you'd be completely out of reach. And maybe we could call in a few favors, get you stationed at Norfolk instead of Coronado. There are ways of dealing with these things -- I mean, if people are so inclined. I'd sure like to know who. "Wickwire, Thomas Dane"... Second run at Coronado... and correct, they had him stashed in the "Appropriation Liaison Office," whatever that is. What? Well, pardon me if I do. Now who else? Who could've leveraged a class officer like that? C'mon, Jordan, keep your head in the game. Or like maybe he was baby sitting a problem child for the Navy. "John James Urgayle." The Chief. Well, before you crawl off to die, Jordan, give me five minutes of good headwork. Someone screwed you over like this, left unanswered charges hanging over your head, and you're not gonna fight back? C'mon, Jordan. Do the headwork with me. The Chief? Or maybe even Turrentine? Your C.O.? Almost like someone put him up to it. Okay, who? And this class officer... "Wickwire." You think he was just trying to get even? Striking back for... Jordan. You watch your ass. That's not what I want, Jordan. I mean... it is and it isn't... I'm only trying to warn you in case -- Big symbols make big targets, Jordan. I think someone's gunning for you. I can't walk two blocks in Washington without hearing about "G.I. Jane." You're all over the place, and whether you wanted it or not, the feminists are sizing you up for that poster. Don't you know? How they're talking about you? Well, not this. I was doing the Pentagon scene few nights ago. Got some fresh stuff -- about you. You may be in a hostile camp. I think someone may be taking steps to ensure that you crash and burn. That bad? How hard they making it on you? I've been trying you for five days. Don't they give you messages? Jordan... Sounded lame as soon as it came out of my mouth. But I'm trying to be honest, okay? Three years is a long time. Don't ask me to predict how I'll feel then, Jordan, because I don't know. And either do you. I don't feel like doing an option paper on the rest of my life, Jordan. Maybe we should just let it happen. I'll try to keep the door open. If you wash out, I make it so that -- You're such a ball-breaker sometimes. Especially at night. Well, guess I don't even need to be here... So dump on me. She's haze grey and underway... Well, you're doin' shit-hot at Intel. Spec-Recon. Those guys are world- class warriors. And they will not want you there, Jordan. So why're you even considering it? Are you? By the way, I'll need that option paper by 11-hundred today so I can review it with Admiral Hanover. And do we have any of that breakfast tea around here? Intel has its own glory, lieutenant -- no matter how subtle. Probably hear back from CNN first. That was good headwork, lieutenant. You expect the extraction team to ride the sub bare-back? Is that correct, O'Neil? Blank faces here, O'Neil. Halfway 'round the world. So that's the problem -- we can get the team in, just not out. You're the analyst for East China, O'Neil. Analyze. Signals received only sparingly, in such a pattern that leads us to conclude it is a downed aviator trying to conserve his batteries. Gotta situation here. Where are you? Stuck in traffic? I don't... What, someone on base? A "mole"? Even tough I don't talk to her every day -- I still talk to her every day. Know what I mean? Christ, I don't want to see her take a fall. She thinks I do, but... I don't know. Seems... Women. The first female President? Possibly. Just to spite DeHaven. The Navy? They've made it clear they don't want to pull missiles out of subs to make room for women's heads. What's it gonna cost to make a fleet of Trident's co-ed? The E-Ringers? Full integration is gonna cost the services billions at the worst possible time -- when Congress is already swinging the axe. You knew about us? O'Neil, Jordan.I think you probably would -- if you didn't know I was right. Of course it is. And I'm gonna stay on her until everyone realizes this is not some bullshit equal-rights thing, that real lives are gonna be lost. Maybe mine, maybe yours. She's an officer. There's a higher standard. I've had it. Just because they pay me like a baby-sitter doesn't mean I'm gonna be one. You don't think she'd be raped if she were captured? You don't think the threat of rape would be used to leverage the men? Boat Five -- Wickwire, Cozad, Vinyl, Intagliata, Ayers, and Wise. Lieutenant Wickwire is your senior officer. Follow his orders to your death. Every class has its surprises, Pyro. This one'll be no different. Check your watch, Pyro. Seems fast. O'Neil... Got it. Say again? How many micks? Managed to activate the ELB. If you just radio base and let them know, they'll fix on that. Oh, and make sure they send a helo with a winch -- door's blocked by a reef. Over. Okay, O'Neil. So you've impressed all the others. Now try me. Well, I'm trying to figure out if you're stupid, unlucky, gluttonous -- or some new alloy of all three. I think we oughtta practice it, just so you know what to expect. Didn't you know you'd be raped if you were captured? Didn't you even think about that? I'm so glad we agree. Do you? You think we should go easy on women, O'Neil? I'm not the one who got five good men thrown in a bamboo cage. You wear the bars, you made the call, and you got your whole crew -- That's what your crew said. Are they lying? Or are you? The others already told me, O'Neil. They wanted to shoot, but you wouldn't let them. Because you went soft on another women -- Would you have shot if it was a man? She led us right to you. That's no threat? Why didn't you shoot the woman, O'Neil? Right down to your worthless womb, and I'll tell you why. This is my island. My world. And here I can get away with shit that would get me arrested anywhere else in the world. Take another scan of my little joy- boy outside. If I can do that to a Navy Seal, what's gonna happen to you? Huh? You are in the cage, O'Neil. Right here, right now. Are you hungry? What's your favorite food? We'll try to get it for you. Any brothers? Sisters? Simple question, lieutenant. No reason not to answer. What is your father's name? You were commissioned one month earlier, which makes you the senior officer. Remember. There are no bad crews -- only bad leaders. England went out with a stress fracture. That puts you in charge, lieutenant. Females in combat situations impact unit cohesion. Men fight better without women around. And that is an historical fact. Could you have pulled that 210-pound man clear, lieutenant? For pulling a 210-pound man out of a burning barrack in Saudi Arabia. It seems the men couldn't get used to the sight of women blown open and their viscera hanging from tree limbs. Israeli men would linger over wounded females -- often to the detriment of the mission, often endangering their own lives. They don't use women anymore. Educate her, Pyro. You heard me. Move on.This is what you get for brain- picking an old CIA spook. but if I needed to control the outcome of this test case, that's how I'd do it. A man-in-place. Makes everything very controllable. Okay, so now work it from the other end. Think about California -- and how things might be handled there. I take it this file is still open. This ain't about some little soldier girl sloggin' her way through commando school. The implications go way beyond. If you were the President, wouldn't that put a little piss in your shoes? Don't for a second think she didn't leak this story. "G.I. Jane" gives DeHaven a symbol that taps into the biggest constituency of them all. The White House. If Jordan wins, DeHaven wins in spades. Why? Well, it's been said that the only man the President fears -- ain't no man. Hmm. Let's aim higher. Sabotage born of economics? Wouldn't be a first. But is Hayes really going to start his watch with such a public failure? Congress cuts, military bleeds. But Pentagon's a big place. Let's narrow the sights. All right. So who stands to gain if Jordan flames out in a big way? Sorry. Thought you knew I knew. Thought you two were file-closed. Subject?I'm sorry, O'Neil. But as class officer, it's my obligation to report all violations. Okay. Well... thought I'd ask. Sure, sure. I think you look beautiful. Maybe I'll just head over to McP's with the others, have a drink or four. Don't wanna come, do you? That's okay. Just an ex-girlfriend. And know I remember why. Last time I didn't. O'Neil? Not me. You? At first. So the shit you gotta go through? To get from here to there? Brother said it was worth it. Worth the training... worth the divorce... worth anything. Nah, they were dead-ass asleep. But on every guard's chest,they left one Marlboro cigarette. Just a little calling card to say they'd been there -- and could come back any time they wanted. One time he was doing a rekkie of the Libyan coastline. This is, like, right before we bombed Khadaffi into the past tense. So his crew does a nighttime infil, maps all the big artillery placements and stuff, then turns around to get the hell gone. But between them and the water are five Libyan guards, all armed to the nuts. When I was sittin' behind a desk in Washington, it made sense, somehow. Blame it on my big brother. He was Spec-Recon. And the stories he used to tell... Intagliata was out chasing breakfast. They found his tracks. Well, shit. You know, I had an apartment about this size once. Hey. Way to gut it out. You're kind of a surprise yourself. Made it to Week 10 last time. It was made clear. Anyway, stay ballsy. First week's hell, then it levels out. Until S.E.R.E. training, anyway. That's hell-and-a-half. It was made clear before you came -- harassment equals career suicide. Can't say anything good, so they don't say much at all. To your face, anyway. They're more afraid of you.