No way! You're kiddin'! Oh shit. What? Come on! Yeah.I've been shit faced for like two weeks. All right, then. Oh, Morgan! Submit, bitch! Submit! Submit! Least I work for a livin'. Why'd you get fired? --Yah, restructurin' the amount of retards they had workin' for them. Who's she talking to?No, he was so hammered that he drove the police cruiser home. Fuckin' lights and everything! Guy's tryin' to walk the line--but he can't even fuckin' stand up, and so my uncle's gonna spend a night in jail. Just then there's this fuckin' BOOM like fifty yards down the road. Some guy's car hit a tree. Two weeks? That's nothin'. My Uncle Marty? Will knows him. That guy fuckin' drinks like you've never seen! One night he was drivin' back to his house on I-93-- Statie pulls him over. I'm sorry, 'cause you know Mikey, the fuckin guy loves animals, and this is the last person you'd want this to happen to. Well you know how he loves animals right? Anyway, last week he's drivin' home... You guys know my cousin Mikey Sullivan? Yeah, I figured now that you got your big job over in Cambridge, you needed some way to get over there and I knew I wasn't gonna drive you every day... Little Morgan's got a lot a scrap, dude. I'd rather fight a big kid, they never fight, everyone's scared of 'em. You know how many people try to whip Morgan's ass every week? Fuckin' kid won't back down. No, I had to talk him down. Let me tell you what I do know. Every day I come by to pick you up, and we go out drinkin' or whatever and we have a few laughs. But you know what the best part of my day is? The ten seconds before I knock on the door 'cause I let myself think I might get there, and you'd be gone. I'd knock on the door and you wouldn't be there. You just left. Fuck you. You owe it to me. Tomorrow I'm gonna wake up and I'll be fifty and I'll still be doin' this. And that's all right 'cause I'm gonna make a run at it. But you, you're sittin' on a winning lottery ticket and you're too much of a pussy to cash it in. And that's bullshit 'cause I'd do anything to have what you got! And so would any of these guys. It'd be a fuckin' insult to us if you're still here in twenty years. Listen, you got somethin' that none of us have. Look, you're my best friend, so don't take this the wrong way, but in 20 years, if you're livin' next door to me, comin' over watchin' the fuckin' Patriots' games and still workin' construction, I'll fuckin' kill you. And that's not a threat, that's a fact. I'll fuckin' kill you. It's a way outta here. Yah, but it's better than this shit. At least you'd make some nice bank. Are they hookin' you up with a job? Suck my crank. Fuckin' sheet metal pussy. So, when are you done with those meetin's? Some shows are worth the price of admission, partner. Sorry, brother. I don't know what to tell ya. You know all the girls I been with. You been with 'em too, except for Cheryl McGovern which was a big mistake on your part brother... What? How's the woman? Don't get too slap-happy, you're takin' me home first. WILL I don't know, Chuck. It's kinda outta the way. What do I look like, Al Cowlins? You want to take my car, drop her off? I don't know. I didn't get on Cathy last night. Who'd you call? You're fuckin' good. What'd you get? You get leniency? When's the arraignment? Hey, thanks for comin' out. What do we got? No, and we got four of 'em. Jesus Christ. Not even close. We're not goin'. I don't even like "Kelly's." I don't know, we'll fuck up some smart kids. You'd prob'ly fit right in. Casey's bouncin' at a bar up Harvard. We should go there sometime. Stop brushin' me back! Yeah, so he's like "Check the front of my truck, I can prove I hit it 'cause there's probably some blood or something"-- Okay. He's driving along and this fuckin' cat jumps in front of his car, and so he hits this cat-- Yeah, it is. I really don't know what to say. Look, I lie to women all the time. That's just my way. Last week Morgan brought these girls down from Roslindale. I told them I was a cosmonaut. They believed me. But Will's not usually like that-- Well, I don't have no trousers on... You caught that, huh? Let's take a walk. EXT. CHUCKIE'S STREET -- DAY She'll live. If she starts yelling again I might have to run in real quick and beat her with the stick again but... What? No. This is my mother's house. I don't live with my mother. I just stop by, help out. I'm good like that. Oh, right. How'd you know where to find me? How you doin'? Yeah, not tonight. Not any other night. He knows, once you see that shit-hole he's gettin' dropped like a bad habit. I'm glad you came by, changed my opinion of Harvard people. Yah, it's not a bad school... Ah, history I think. So, you ladies ah, go to school here? Guy's been up my ass for two years about a fuckin' job. I had to let him help with the car. Me and Bill scraped together the parts, worked on it. Morgan was out panhandlin' every day. Hey, asshole. Happy Birthday. Shut the fuck up. Oh, Morgan. Oh my God, I got the most fucked up thing I been meanin' to tell you. Why don't you beat off at your house? You're walkin' bitch, Will's takin' the car. It's a good thing no one's Irish here. The fuckin' Trooper was so embarrassed he didn't do anything. The fuckin' guy had been drivin' around in my Uncle's car all night lookin' for the house. So in the morning, there's a knock on the door it's the Statie. So my Uncle's like, "Is there a problem?" And the Statie's like "I pulled you over and you took off." And my Uncle's like "I never seen you before in my life, I been home all night with my kids." And Statie's like "Let me get in your garage!" So he's like "All right, fine." He takes around the garage and opens the door --and the Statie's cruiser is in my Uncle's garage. Yeah, he was probably drunker than my Uncle, who fuckin' knows? So the cop goes "Stay here" And he goes runnin' down the highway to deal with the other crash. So, my Uncle Marty's standin' on the side of the road for a little while, and he's so fuckin' lit, that he forgets what he's waitin' for. So he goes, "Fuck it." He gets in his car and drives home. I told you "no" yesterday! My uncle can probably get you on my demo team. You got fired from pushing a broom, you little bitch. Morgan, Let's go. Shut up. NO SHE DIDN'T GET YOUR DOUBLE BURGER!! IT'S ALL FUCKIN' FLYIN' FISH FILET!! I think you should establish a good line of credit. Well give me your fuckin' change and we'll put your fuckin' sandwhich on lay-away. How much money you got? What do you mean "your sandwhich?" I bought it. Would you shut the fuck up! I know what you ordered, I was there! All right Morgan, fine. I'll tell you why we're not going to "Kelly's." It's because the take-out bitch is a fuckin' idiot. I'm sorry you like her but she's dumb as a post and she has never got our order right, never once. Morgan, I'm not goin' to "Kelly's Roast Beef" just cause you like the take-out girl. It's fifteen minutes out of our way. MORGAN What else we gonna do we can't spare fifteen minutes? What Morgan, you're not gonna go talk to her? You could put a pool in that backyard. And so they go around to the front of his truck...and there's another cat on the grille. And all the time he's apologizin' to the cat, goin' "I'm sorry." BANG, "I'm sorry." BANG! --and he's like "shit! Motherfucker!" And he looks in his rearview and sees this cat-- I'm sorry-- Come now...what do you think I am, a juvinile? You don't got any money on you right now. You think I'm gonna take a check? EXECUTIVE It's fine, John, I can cover the rest. Allegedly, what I am saying is your situation will be concurrently improved if I had two hundred sheets in my pocket right now. Retainer... --These circumstances are mitigated. Right now. They're mitigated. All right, are we gonna have a problem? To tell you the truth, I wasn't there much. The class was rather elementary. Hey, come on pal we're in classes all day. That's one thing about Harvard never seizes to amaze me, everybody's talkin' about school all the time. Good, it was all right. History.There's no problem. I was just hoping you could give me some insight into the evolution of the market economy in the early colonies. My contention is that prior to the Revolutionary War the economic modalities especially of the southern colonies could most aptly be characterized as agrarian pre- capitalist and... Elementary? Oh, I don't doubt that it was. I remember the class, it was just between recess and lunch. Hey, I'm the last guy to want to talk about school at the bar. But as long as you're here I want to "seize" the opportunity to ask you a question. History? Just "history?" It must have been a survey course then. How'd you like that course? What class did you say that was?Will you take a check? I have about seventy-three... I don't think I...Larry? You want us to give you cash right now? Will, our offer starts you at eighty- four thousand a year, plus benefits. I'm not sure--You don't have to be nervous, Will. Where is it touching you? You're in a safe place, Will. What is it? And what do you see? Okay, you're in your bed, Will. Now how old are you?--Maker builds "K" to the "N." N is three to the K times-- No, there's a limit. --But what he's doing, he's attaching an edge to the adjacent vertex. He can always failsafe to either side-- Alexander, I know your theory. The boy is updating, he's strategy stealing... Please, I'm a professor here and it's very important. No, no. Nothing like that. I just need his name. TERRY I can't give you his name unless you have a complaint. Building two. Could you just check, because the young man who works in my building-- I'm trying to find the name of a student who works here. Excuse me. Is this the buildings and grounds office? Thank you, Will. I'll do that. Yes. This job... Do it if it's what you really want. I just want you to know...It's been a pleasure. Sam called me. From Tri-tech. He says you start working for them next week. You know, you're no longer required to come here. Will. No, that's fine, Will. I was just leaving. What are you smiling at? So am I. Yes. That's right, Will. Most days I wish I never met you. Because then I could sleep at night. I wouldn't have to walk around with the knowledge that someone like you was out there. And I wouldn't have to watch you throw it all away. Sure, then you'd have more time to sit around and get drunk. Think of how many fights you could have been in by now. The least you can do is show me a little appreciation. I'll cancel every meeting right now. I'll give you a job myself. I just wanted you to see what was out there. Will, on your own time, you can do what you like. When I set up a meeting, with my associates, and you don't show up it reflects poorly on me. Will, what happened at the Tri-tech meeting? That's fine, but did you ever think-- --This can't be right. This is going to be very embarrassing. Have you ever considered-- This is correct. I see you used Mclullen here-- Will, this is Sean Maguire. Sean, Will Hunting. That's enough. Get out, Will. I told you to cooperate with these people. Oh, for God's sake, Will. Shall we start the, uh... --That edge! --that?-- What's that? I happen to know so. That would be a monumental waste of time, wouldn't it, Will? Okay. How? This rectangle is subdivided into rectangles. One edge of an inner rectangle is an integer. Can you prove that one edge of the larger rectangle is an integer? Now, it won't be as bad as it sounds, Will. I've already spoken to one therapist, his name is Henry Lipkin and he's a friend of mine. He's also published four books and is widely considered to be one of the brightest men in his field. I'm sure it'll be better than spending the next six months in jail. That's right. That you meet with me twice a week-- Yes. Under two conditions. I've spoken with the judge and he's agreed to release you under my supervision. Hello. Gerald Lambeau, M.I.T. Well... I'll be speaking to your supervisor. What's your name? Don't you walk away from me. This is people's work, you can't graffiti here. What're you doing? Find out what? It's Saturday. Yes. I did. How about Gerald Lambeau? Ever heard of him? You've heard of Albert Einstein? Have you heard of Jonas Salk? Excuse me, Timmy. Could you help us? We're trying to settle a bet. Pleasure to meet you. About thirty million to one. About thirty million to one. Sean, do you have any idea what the odds are against winning the lottery? How about one now? I got one of those too. Do you know when you'll be back? Why there? Where're you going? So I hear you're taking some time. Sean... Hello, Sean. You're wrong, Sean. I'm where I am today because I was pushed. And because I learned to push myself! He won't be a failure! That's right! You were smarter than us then and you're smarter than us now! So don't blame me for how your life turned out. It's not my fault. --Is that what this is about, Sean? The Field's Medal? Do you want me to go home and get it for you? Then will you let the boy-- Yes you do. You're angry at me for doing what you could have done. Ask yourself if you want Will to feel that way for the rest of his life, to feel like a failure. --Yes you are, Sean. You resent me. And I'm not going to apologize for any success that I've had. Now don't do that. Don't you do that! Don't infect him with the idea that it's okay to quit. That it's okay to be a failure, because it's not okay! If you're angry at me for being successful, for being what you could have been-- Oh, that's nice-- Oh, come on, Sean-- He can handle the work, he can handle the pressure and he's obviously handled you. What problems does he have, Sean, that he is better off as a janitor or in jail or hanging around with-- He has a gift and with that gift comes responsibility. And you don't understand that he's at a fragile point-- Look Sean, I don't care if you have a rapport with the boy-- I don't care if you have a few laughs-- even at my expense! But don't you dare undermine what I'm trying to do here. --Ready to falsify documents because you've given him license to walk away from this. --And here I am for the second week in a row with my professional reputation at stake-- --And confuse him-- This is a disaster! I brought you in here to help me with this boy, not to run him out-- That's a wonderful theory, Sean. It worked wonders for you. Look, you took one road and I took another. That's fine. --No, no you hear me out, Sean. This young man is a true prodigy-- Sean, this is important. And it's above personal rivalry-- Look, I don't know what else I can say. I'm not sitting at home every night, twisting my mustache and hatching a plan to ruin the boy's life. But it's important to start early. I was doing advanced mathematics at eighteen and it still took me twenty-three years to do something worthy of a Field's medal. Well, you're the only one. You see, Sean? That's exactly not the point. No one remembers that. They-- Who? Sean, I really don't think you understand-- Cutting edge mathematics. Think tanks. The kind of place where a mind like Will's is given free reign. Well, have you talked to him at all about his future? Seems like it's going well. You moved? You're here quite a bit, then. Not at all. Oh, what is this? Some kind of staring contest between two kids from the "old neighborhood?" Why would he do that? What do you mean "he didn't talk?" You sat there for an hour? Tom. It's a poker game with this young man. Don't let him see what you've got. Any vulnerability he senses, he'll exploit. It's on the college. That would be fine. Just meet with the boy once a week. Five. You're from the same neighborhood. South Boston. I need someone with your kind of background. They worked together for the remainder of their lives, producing some of the most exciting math theory ever done. Ramanujan's genius was unparalleled, Sean. This boy is like that. But he's very defensive and I need someone who can get through to him. --That's right, Sean. He mailed it to a professor at Cambridge who immediately recognized the brilliance in his work and brought Ramanujan to England. He was alive over a hundred years ago. He was Indian. Dots, not feathers... This kid's special, Sean. I've never seen anything like him. I'm sorry, that damn conference-- You were missed. How long has it been since we've seen each other? I didn't see you at the reunion. Is there someplace we can talk? Good to see you. Hello. Sean. The boy was here. He came in, sat down and we worked together. He was my roommate in college. There is somebody... What's the point?Oh great, tell her that! Now she really thinks we're problem drinkers! Watch what happens. Keep fuckin' with me. Watch what happens. Suck my cock! Fuck you, you fat fuck. That fuckin' guinea, Will knows him. Fuck you, I did the body work. Whose fuckin' router you think sanded out all that bondo? You thought we forgot, didn't you? I know I'm gettin' my licks in. What'd you say about me? Save it for your mother, funny guy. We heard it before. I don't have a VCR at my house. What's up guys? Chuck, let's go. I'm Irish. Did your Uncle get arrested? Holy shit. Some other guy? What the fuck? I just asked you for a job yesterday! Yah, that was different. Management was restructurin'-- I'm serious Chuckie, I ain't goin'. No, why didn't you fight him at the park if you wanted to? I'm not goin' now, I'm eatin' my snack. WILL So don't go. Come on, Will... Did she get my Double Burger? Why you gotta be an asshole Chuckie? I told you, I just got change. Yah, all right... So why don't you give me my sandwhich? She's not stupid. Fuck her. Fuck this, let's get something to eat... Yah, that is a nice ass. WILL! Jesus. --That isn't funny-- Had one, now I'm fucked again. Will, I can't believe you brought Skylar here when we're all wrecked. What's she gonna think about us? There goes that fuckin' Barney right now, with his fuckin' "skiin' trip." We should'a kicked that dude's ass. How fuckin' retarded do you have to be to get shit-canned from that job? How hard is it to push a fuckin' broom? What happened? You got fired, huh? I don't got a crush on her. Let's hit "Kelly's." You guys are fuckin' sick.Well, I can see this is pointless... Who is "Danny Terrio?" You're getting defensive, Will. Well, I'm sorry to disappoint you, but I'm married and I have two children. That's very presumptuous. What? I might understand that. What places? Like what, Will? Will, your not getting off that easy. Yes. The pressures you feel, and again, I am neither labeling nor judging them, are keeping you from fulfilling your potential -- you're in a rut. So stop the Tom Foolery -- the Shenanigan's, Will. --you have a quality-- something you were born with, that you have no control over- and you are, in a sense, hiding that by becoming a janitor. And I'm not saying that's wrong. I'm friends with the janitor that works in my building. He's been to my house for dinner. As a matter of fact I did some free consultation for "Mike" -- that's not his real name. That's in my book. Now you know Will, and I know, what you need to be doing. You have a gift.You're pretty quick with those numbers. How about the odds of me buying the first round? I don't know... Gotta be at least four to one. Sounds good. You should come. I'll buy you a drink. I got this mailer the other day. Class of Sixty-five is having this event in six months. Never been. I don't know. India maybe. Yeah. Summer vacation. Thought I'd travel some. Maybe write a little bit. Me too. Come in. He's not you! If you push him into something, if you ride him-- I don't blame you! It's not about that! It's about the boy! 'Cause he's a good kid! And I won't see this happen to him-- I won't see you make him feel like a failure too! --I don't want your trophy and I don't give a shit about it! 'Cause I knew you when!! You and Jack and Tom Sanders. I knew you when you were homesick and pimply-faced and didn't know what side of the bed to piss on! That's it. That's why I don't come to the goddamn reunions! Becaue I can't stand the look in your eye when you see me! You think I'm a failure! I know who I am. I'm proud of who I am. And all of you, you think I'm some kind of pity case! You with your sycophant students following you around. And you Goddamn Medal! --I don't have any anger at you-- --I'm not angry at you-- --And who do you think he's handling? He pushes people away before they have a chance to leave him. And for 20 years he's been alone because of that. And if you try to push him into this, it's going to be the same thing all over again. And I'm not going to let that happen to him! --And why does he hang out with his friends? Because any one of those kids would come in here and take a bat to your head if he asked them to. It's called loyalty! Why is he hiding? Why is he a janitor? Why doesn't he trust anybody? Because the first thing that happened to him was that he was abandoned by the people who were supposed to love him the most! Why do you think he does that, Gerry? He is at a fragile point. He's got problems-- "Undermine?" I know what I'm doing and I know why I'm here! Hold on! --Gerry-- Now wait a minute-- Is it Gerry? 'Cause I don't think it's fine with you. Give him time to figure out what he wants. --Personal rivalry? I'm not getting back at you. Now wait a minute, Gerry-- Maybe he doesn't care about that. Just...take it easy, Gerry. I do. Einstein. Had two marriages, both train-wrecks. The guy never saw his kids, one of whom, I think, ended up in an asylum-- He married his cousin. What don't I understand? That's great, Gerry, that there's interest-- But I'm not sure he's ready for that. Jobs doing what? We haven't really gotten into it. LAMBEAU Maybe you should. My phone's been ringing off the hook with job offers. I think so. I been here a couple years. I live right around the corner. Timmy this is Gerry, an old friend of mine. We went to college together. Gerry! Any trouble finding the place? I won't talk first. To show me he doesn't have to talk to me if he doesn't want to. No, he just sat there and counted the seconds until the session was over. It was pretty impressive, actually. You too, Gerry. Would you excuse us? I'll be okay. I got it. Can we do it at my office? Not Rick? You didn't send him to Rick? He's from Southie? How many people did you try before you came to me? My kind of background? Why me? Where he contracted pneumonia and died at a young age-- And he mailed it to Hardy-- Yeah. Not much free time, Gerry. LAMBEAU Have you ever heard of a man named Ramanujan? I've been busy, Gerry. I got a full schedule. I got your card. Since Nancy died. I've been busy. Good to see you. The Field's Medal is the Nobel Prize for math. But it's only given out every four years. Well, it seems we're in the presence of greatness. Professor Gerald Lambeau is a Field's Medal winner. Combunatorial Mathematics. 1986. Good luck. Only if you grab my ass. No. Thank you. I'm gonna travel a little bit, so I don't know where I'll be. You're Welcome, Will. We're done. You did your time. You're a free man. Good for you. Congratulations. That's what you want? Which one did you take, Will? It's not... It's not your fault. It's not your fault. It's not your fault. It's not your fault. It's not your fault. The wrench, why? Gotta go with the belt there... Yes. Twenty years of counselling you see a lot of-- You want to read it? Oh, this is your file. I have to send it back to the Judge with my evaluation. Look, a lot of that stuff goes back a long way. And it's between me and him and it has nothing to do with you. Look at me. What do you want to do? I been there. I played my hand. If you won't answer my questions, you're wasting my time. You're right, Will. Any man who takes a forty minute train ride so those college kids can come in in the morning and their floors will be clean and their trash cans will be empty is an honorable man. Nobody gets what they ask for, Will. That's a cop-out. It's not about that job. I'm not saying you should work for the government. But, you could do anything you want. And there are people who work their whole lives layin' brick so their kids have a chance at the kind of opportunity you have. What do you want to do? Don't give me you line of shit. That's what I'm saying, Will. You'll never have that kind of relationship in a world where you're afraid to take the first step because all you're seeing are the negative things that might happen ten miles down the road. But you can't give back to them, Will. They're all dead. Someone who challenges you in every way. Who takes you places, opens things up for you. A soul-mate. Do you have a soul-mate? Do you think you're alone? What did you think? Gerry says the meeting went well. So you might be working for Uncle Sam. Well hell, I didn't know Pudge was gonna hit the home run. No Will, I'm not kiddin' you. If I had gone to see that game I'd be in here talkin' abouta girl I saw at a bar twenty years ago. And how I always regretted not goin' over there and talkin' to her. I don't regret the eighteen years we were married. I don't regret givin' up couseling for six years when she got sick. I don't regret being by her side for the last two years when things got real bad. And I sure as Hell don't regret missing that damn game. They could see that I meant it. I just slid my ticket across the table and said "sorry fellas, I gotta go see about a girl." You should have seen this girl. She lit up the room. That's right. I was havin' a drink with my future wife. October 21, 1975. Game six of the World Series. Biggest game in Red Sox history, Me and my friends slept out on the sidewalk all night to get tickets. We were sitting in a bar waiting for the game to start and in walks this girl. What a game that was. Tie game in the bottom of the tenth inning, in steps Carlton Fisk, hit a long fly ball down the left field line. Thirty-five thousand fans on their feet, screamin' at the ball to stay fair. Fisk is runnin' up the baseline, wavin' at the ball like a madman. It hits the foul pole, home run. Thirty-five thousand people went crazy. And I wasn't one of them. Why? Because of the pain I feel now? I have regrets Will, but I don't regret a singel day I spent with her. What? Do I wonder if I'd be better off if I never met my wife? Lon? He got married. He has a kid. I kind of lost touch with him after Nancy got sick. Yeah. I didn't write anything else 'cause nobody, including most of my colleagues bothered to read the first one. I gave that up when my wife got sick. No, I don't. Really? How'd the date go? WILL Do you still counsel veterans? I read your book last night. My wife's dead. My wife's dead. I teach this shit, I didn't say I knew how to do it. And right now you're perfect too. Maybe you don't want to ruin that. So Christ, call her up. Jesus Christ, you are an amateur. Why not? Well, are you going out again? How'd it go? Yeah? You got a lady now? You've never been on a plane. So if I asked you about art you could give me the skinny on every art book ever written...Michelangelo? You know a lot about him I bet. Life's work, criticisms, political aspirations. But you couldn't tell me what it smells like in the Sistine Chapel. You've never stood there and looked up at that beautiful ceiling. And if I asked you about women I'm sure you could give me a syllabus of your personal favorites, and maybe you've been laid a few times too. But you couldn't tell me how it feels to wake up next to a woman and be truly happy. If I asked you about war you could refer me to a bevy of fictional and non-fictional material, but you've never been in one. You've never held your best friend's head in your lap and watched him draw his last breath, looking to you for help. And if I asked you about love I'd get a sonnet, but you've never looked at a woman and been truly vulnerable. Known that someone could kill you with a look. That someone could rescue you from grief. That God had put an angel on Earth just for you. And you wouldn't know how it felt to be her angel. To have the love be there for her forever. Through anything, through cancer. You wouldn't know about sleeping sitting up in a hospital room for two months holding her hand and not leaving because the doctors could see in your eyes that the term "visiting hours" didn't apply to you. And you wouldn't know about real loss, because that only occurs when you lose something you love more than yourself, and you've never dared to love anything that much. I look at you and I don't see an intelligent confident man, I don't see a peer, and I don't see my equal. I see a boy. Nobody could possibly understand you, right Will? Yet you presume to know so much about me because of a painting you saw. You must know everything about me. You're an orphan, right? You've never been out of Boston. You're just a boy. You don't have the faintest idea what you're talking about. I was thinking about what you said to me the other day, about my painting. I stayed up half the night thinking about it and then something occured to me and I fell into a deep peaceful sleep and haven't thought about you since. You know what occurred to me? If you ever disrespect my wife again...I will end you. Watch your mouth. Maybe you should be a patient and sit down. Maybe what mea-- Sure, how 'bout "still waters run deep"-- Oh, "Starry Night" time, huh? What is? What does? Tell me what you really think. Crayons? Yeah. Do you paint? 285. Free weights. WILL Oh yeah? Me too. What do you bench? Yes, I do. Guy your age shouldn't smoke so much. Stunt your growth. You think so? How about Noam Chomsky's "Manufacturing Consent?" Yeah, it did take me a long time. I did. What did you think? How about the ones on that shelf? Have you read all these books, Will?Who proved the theorem. I know. We just couldn't wait 'till Monday to find out. I'm in your applied theories class. We're all down at the Math and Science building. Excuse me, Professor Lambeau?Well, he didn't show up for work today... Well, if something was stolen, I should know about it. Which one's your building? No students work for me. Yeah, can I help you?So who won the bet? No. LAMBEAU Okay thank you, Timmy. Yeah, cured polio. Uh-oh. Good to meet you.What should I do? Who is he? What do you want to do? I called Mel Weintraub this morning, to check for availability.You're kiddin' me. Why didn't you yoke him? You and Morgan throw? You don't know that. Why is it always this? I owe it to myself? What if I don't want to? Chuckie, what are you talkin'... What do I want a way outta here for? I want to live here the rest of my life. I want to be your next door neighbor. I want to take out kids to little league together up Foley Field. Yeah, be a fuckin' lab rat. Yeah, sit in a room and do long division for the next fifty years. Week after I'm twenty-one. Oh I'm sure, that's why only one of us has herpes. She went to Medical school in California. Gone. Thanks, Chuck. I was countin' on it. I don't know what the fuck you're doin'. You're givin' us a ride. Why not? No one. I didn't have the number. Probation, counselin', few days a week. Next week. Yeah, you're all invited over to Morgan's house for a complementary fish sandwhich. I don't know yet. Jesus, that's really bad, did anyone even order a Flyin' Fish? She didn't do it again did she? She's sharp as a marble. Fuck you. What are we gonna do up there? Stop crowdin the plate! --or a tail-- Chuckie, what the fuck happened? Why shouldn't I work for the National Security Agency? That's a tough one. Come on, that's what you do. You handle more than eighty percent of the intelligence workload. You're seven times the size of the C.I.A. Codebreaking. So why do you think I should work for the National Security Agency? Down there. And I'm nervous. It's touching me. It's like a small figure, hoverin' over me. Gettin' closer. Somethin's in my room. Seven. Listen, I'll be nearby so, if you need some help, or you get stuck again, don't be afraid to give me a call. I appreciate that. Bullshit. Thank you. I was just sayin' goodbye to Sean. Hey, how you doin'? I can come back. It's a Carlton Fisk baseball card. Well, I'm sorry. --You know how fuckin' easy this is to me? This is a joke! And I'm sorry you can't do this. I really am. 'Cause if you could I wouldn't be forced to watch you fumble around and fuck it up. --Maybe I don't want to spend my life sittin' around and explaining shit to people. Then don't set up any more meetings. I couldn't go 'cause I had a date. So I sent my cheif negotiator. It's right. Take it home with you. Can I ask you a favor, can we do this at Sean's from now on? 'Cause I leave work to come here and the fuckin' commute is killin' me-- I'm pretty sure it's right. I don't know what it's called. No. Okay...don't forget to get another therapist for next week. C'mon, that guy was a fuckin' piece of work. Oh, come on! You're not pinnin' this one on me. He left, I wanted to talk to him for another twenty minutes. I was havin' fun. Yeah, when do I get my hypnosis? You guys been talkin' for twenty minutes. An integer. --Half-red, half-black-- Half-red, half-black-- I think so. It's an integer proof. Of course. I'll do the work. I'm not going to meet with a therapist. If I agree to this, I walk right now? What're those? Really? Fuck do you want? Hey fuck you. I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. So what do you got, a fuckin' Hyundai engine under there? Can I make it back to my house? So, you finally got a job Morgan? Yeah, Morgan. It's a real rarity that we'd be out drinkin'. Hold up. Yeah, Morgan. I got fired. Well, she out did herself today... I could go for a Whopper. It's walkin' pretty slow at this point. You're getting defensive...Henry. And hey, cheif--tell the wife, at least. Christ, set her free. If you wanna hit "Ramrod," take your shot. Take some pride in it. You go to church? So fuckin' what, God loves you. I mean, Christ. A guy as well known as you? By the time you put your disguise on and skulk out of the house Sunday nights you probably look like "Inspector Cluseau." Look, man. I don't care if you're putting from the rough. There are solid arguments that some of the greatest people in history were gay; Alexander the Great, Caeser, Shakespeare, Oscar Wilde, Napoleon, Gertrude Stein, not to mention Danny Terrio, not many straight men can dance like that. I'm sure you do. You probably got a real nice house, nice car -- your book's a best seller. Buddy, two seconds ago you were ready to give me a jump. C'mon, I read your book. I talked to you. It's just something I know to be true. Do you find it hard to hide the fact that you're gay? Certain, clubs. Like, Paradise. It's not bad. I go places, I interact. No, but, I mean you know...I do other things. That no one knows about. You're right. I know. Yeah, I read your book. "Mike" had the same problems as "Chad" the stockbroker. I could work the pit maybe, but I could never drive like Dale Ernhart-- That's why I love stock-car racin'. That Dale Ernhart's real good. See ya. Does this violate the patient/doctor relationship? I'll keep in touch. I just want you to know, Sean... Thanks you. So, that's it? We're done? Yeah, I think so. Over at Tri-tech. One of the jobs Professor Lambeau set me up with. I haven't told him yet, but I talked to my new boss over there and he seemed like a nice guy. I know, I know... I know. Don't fuck with me. I know. I know. I know. Oh, I know. Cause fuck him, that's why. I used to go with the wrench. It sure ain't good. --No, have you had any experience with that? No. Have you had any experience with that? You're not going to fail me are you? Do you want to talk about it? Well, I'm here. So, is that my problem? I'm afraid of being abandoned? That was easy. That's right. And you fuckin' lost! And some people would have the sack to lose a big hand like that and still come back and ante up again! What? What? Why is it a cop-out? I don't see anythin' wrong with layin' brick, that's somebody's home I'm buildin'. Or fixin' somebody's car, somebody's gonna get to work the next day 'cause of me. There's honor in that. I didn't ask for this. I didn't want the job. Oh, what? You're going to take the professor's side on this? Not without a heater and some serious smelling salts, no... Not to me, they're not. Yeah. Define that. What? What did I think? I guess. I don't know. Would have been nice to catch that game though. You're kiddin' me. "I gotta go see about a girl"? What did they say? I don't care if Helen of Troy walked into that bar! That's game six of the World Series! So wait a minute. The Red Sox haven't won a World Series since nineteen eighteen, you slept out for tickets, games gonna start in twenty minutes, in walks a girl you never seen before, and you give your ticket away? You missed Pudge Fisk's homerun to have a drink with a woman you had never met? Where were you? When did you know she was the one? You don't regret meetin' your wife? Do you ever wonder what your life would be like if you never met your wife? What happened to that guy from Kentucky? Well, I've read you colleagues. Your book was good, Sean. All those guys were in your platoon? Is that why you didn't write anything else? Why not? Well I think that's a wonderful philosophy, Sean. That way you can go through the rest of your life without having to really know anyone. Hence, the word remarried. You ever think about gettin' remarried? Why? So I can realize she's not so smart. That she's boring. You don't get it. Right now she's perfect, I don't want to ruin that. I know what I'm doing. She's different from the other girls I met. We have a really good time. She's smart, beautiful, fun... Haven't called her. I don't know. Fine. Yeah, I went on a date last week. I know, but the joke's better if I tell it in the first person. You know, I was on this plane once. And I'm sittin' there and the captain comes on and is like "we'll be cruising at 35,000 feet," and does his thing, then he puts the mike down but forgets to turn it off. Then he says "man, all I want right now is a blow-job and a cup of coffee." So the stewardess goes runnin' up towards the cock-pit to tell him the mike's still on, and this guy in the back of the plane goes "don't forget the coffee!" No. Why thank you. No. So what's with this place? You have a swan fetish? Is this something you'd like to talk about? Time's up. That's it isn't it? You married the wrong woman. She leave you? Was she bangin' someone else? Maybe you married the wrong woman. --Well, maybe that means you. You ever heard the saying, "any port in a storm?" I think you're one step away from cutting your ear off. The color here, see how dark it is? It's interesting. Poor color composition, lousy use of space. But that shit doesn't really concern me. This is a real piece of shit. No. Oh. Nautilus? You're right. It really gets in the way of my jazzercizing. Whatever blows your hair back. You people baffle me. You spend all this money on beautiful, fancy books-- and they're the wrong fuckin' books. "A History of the United States, Volume I." If you want to read a real history book, read Howard Zinn's "A People's History of the United States." That book will knock you on your ass. That must have taken you a long time. I'm not here for a fuckin' book report. They're your books, why don't you read 'em? Yeah, I read those. Probably not. Did you buy all these books retail, or do you send away for like a "shrink kit" that comes with all these volumes included? Take care. Yeah. I just wanted to call before you left. I'm takin' all these job interviews. So I won't just be a construction worker. Don't bullshit me! Don't fuckin' bullshit me! What, you want to come in here and save me? Is that what you want to do? Do I have a sign that says "save me" on my back? You don't want to hear that I got cigarettes put out on me when I was a little kid. That this isn't surgery No, you don't want to hear that. Oh, is that what this is about? You want to hear that I don't really have any brothers? That I'm a fuckin' orphan? Is that what you want to hear? I'm not honest? What the fuck am I afraid of?! At least you have a mother. --some prick from Stanford that your parents will approve of. Then you'll sit around with the rest of the upper crust kids and talk about how you went slummin' too. --Don't tell me about my world. You're the one that's afraid. You just want to have your little fling with the guy from the other side of town and marry-- What am I scared of? What do you mean "What am I afraid of?" I'm not sayin' I'm not in love with you. One, because I have a job here and two because I live here-- I can't go out to California. 'Cause that's a serious thing you're sayin'. I mean, we might be in California next week and you could find out somethin' about me that you don't like. And you might feel like "hey this is a big mistake." But you can't take it back, 'cause you know it's real serious and you can't take somethin' like that back. Now I'm in California, 'cause you asked me to come. But you don't really want me there. And I'm stuck in California with someone who really doesn't want me there and just wishes they had a take-back. And you're sure about that? Yeah, but how do you know? How do you know that? What? No. --When it came to stuff like that I could always just play. Not a lick. I look at a piano and I see black and white keys, three pedals and a box of wood. Beethoven, Mozart, they looked at it and it just made sense to them. They saw a piano and they could play. I couldn't paint you a picture, I probably can't hit the ball out of Fenway Park and I can't play the piano-- Well all right, Beethoven. He looked at a piano and saw music. The fuckin' guy was deaf when he composed the Ode to Joy. They had to turn him around to take a bow because he couldn't hear the crowd going crazy behind him. Stone deaf. He saw all of that music in his head. I'm trying to explain it to you. So you play the piano. When you look at the keys, you see music, you see Mozart. Do you play the piano? Like me? I guess so. Some, a little. I guess. I don't know. How do you remember your phone number? Instead you're going to bust your ass for five years so you can be broke? SKYLAR No, so I can be a doctor. You're rich. What do you have to worry about? Why is it important to you? If I inherited all that money, the only thing important to me would be workin' on my swing. C'mon, give me a peek and we'll go to the battin' cages. Want me to take a look? How's it goin'? Not tonight. Then on behalf of my weiner, I'd like to ask for an advance. I'd say... It's only four in the mornin', they're prob'ly up. Sometime. I don't know. Next week. All right, all right. We'll go. Aah, it's kind of a hike. They don't come over here that much. Exactly. 'Cause it's nicer than my place. Then let's go have some fun. You're not going into surgery tomorrow are you? Didn't your mother ever tell you not to look a gift horse n the mouth? I couldn't wait till tomorrow. Promise? Sorry. I'm sorry. Give me another crack at it. Let me take you out. I'm sorry, I been real busy. We'll do that. All the time. We all live in Southie. I live with three of them now. Marky, Ricky, Danny, Terry, Mikey, Davey, Timmy, Tommy, Joey, Robby, Johnny, and Brian. 'Course I do, they're my brothers. It was great. There was always someone to play with, give you advice. I swear to God. Yup, you're lookin' at lucky thirteen. I have twelve big brothers. You wouldn't believe me if I told you. Well, Irish Catholic. What do you think? Do I have a lot of brothers and sisters? You know, nothing special. Pretty boring, I guess. Not far from here, South Boston. Hey, I spent all my money on those caramels. No...I was hoping to get a kiss. I was kinda' hopin' to get a "good night laid" but...I'll take a kiss. No I wasn't... No I haven't... I really don't 'date' that much. No. Now, I'm gonna make all these caramels disappear. In that case, fine. Want to see my magic trick? So you just want to use me and go? Is Harvard gettin' all that money? I bet your parents were happy to pay. You aren't, by any chance, Pre-law? Are you? Yeah, I figured maybe sometime this week we could go to a cafe and have some caramels. Okay, you got me. It's the ugly, obnoxious, toothless loser who got drunk and wouldn't leave you alone all night. It's Will, the really funny good looking guy you met at the bar? The caramel thing is my pick-up line. I was trying to be smooth. But at twelve-fifteen I was gonna come over there and talk to you. Five minutes. When you think about it, it's just as arbitrary as drinking coffee. Great, or maybe we could go somewhere and just eat a bunch of caramels. I didn't mean you. Listen, maybe... I kind of got that impression. I'm Will. What?