Hello? Hi. So, what, uh, what train are you taking? Okay. You want me to pick you up? Riding with Judith. That's okay. We have to talk about it  and we're not always in the same place ... so... I just have to get used to it. What do you want to do about dinner? Okay. We'll see you later then. I said, thank you very much... Dinner!!... He's so cute.... Why don't I  get those kind of interviews?... Look,  he has husband number eight written on  his forehead... Who's there? Did you speak to Farlow? Is that absolutely necessary? It'll just  make it a bigger story. Well, I suppose we could use another  good public feud... Hello? Paul, hi -- are you guys back?  How was it? Oh that sounds great. Oh  Paul.. hold on... Judith's dead. She was in pretty bad shape. They've  done a C.A.T. Scan -- she has some  hemorrhaging... But nothing we can't handle... Surgery. Annie, her leg was shattered -- what  they call the distal epi.. epi.. Distal epicondyle of the femur... They have to take the leg off. What difference does it make? Animal should be put down -- anybody can  see that. No, it's got a little left. They'll be  in to change it. I'm sorry. Thank you. What is it? Mr. and Mrs. MacLean... Yes. Hi. Tell her you'll call her back. Nothing new. He's just going off duty. No, let me go. I saw Judith's parents while you were  at the apartment... I wanted to say something... But I... I was so relieved that Grace  was still... that it wasn't our daughter. The funeral's on Friday. Oh, uh, I meant to tell you... Alex  brought that fabric over... It's on the table by the phone. I didn't  know what to tell him... ... Whether or not we were... ... if we still we're thinking of redoing  the couch. ... And uh... Mario called about moving  the wisteria? "She loves the free..." How's my pregnant chick! I had to excuse myself from a meeting.  It's ridiculous. I kept thinking about  the baby... you... and, I swear, I was  going to start bawling right into my  briefs. I love you. Hi, sweetheart... No, not yet. The doctor said whenever you're ready.  Take your time. You tell us... But he  thinks it'll only be a few months, then -- OK, OK. Do you want something else, honey?  We order something else? You want to watch some television? Doing what? You know, Annie, this didn't just happen  to you. Honey, you all right? Did something  fall? What, sweetheart? She's doing just grea. Aren't you  kiddo? Hey, Rona. Sorry I'm late. You're looking fit. If it's not too much trouble, I thought  I might. Oh-oh... Maybe I better get back in the  truck. ... It's always kind of interesting to  hear the horse's side of the story... Now if he was cranky or lazy, like you  say he is, we'd be seeing his tail  twitching there and his ears back,  maybe. But this isn't a cranky horse,  it's a scared horse. You see how braced  he is up around the neck back there.  He just doesn't know which way to turn... You see how he keeps pointing his  hindquarters in at me? Well, I'd guess  the reason he seems reluctant to move  out is because when he does, he gets in  trouble for it. Well, I'm sure that's what you think but  that's not what I'm seeing. You may think  you're asking for a lope, but your body  may be saying something else altogether.  You might be putting too many conditions  on him. For instance, you might be saying  "GO, but, hey, don't go too fast." He can  tell that from the way you feel. Your  body can't lie. You ever give him a kick  to make him move out? And then he goes and you feel like he's  going too fast, so you yank him back? And next thing you know, he's bucking. Well, if someone told you to go, stop,  go, stop -- you'd buck too. It's a dance, see... Somebody has to lead  and somebody has to follow. I want him to get so he can leave real  soft. He's getting the idea now. He's  not all braced up and tense like he was  at the start. He's finding out it's okay. You see that? He's getting better  already. Pretty soon, if you work at  it, you'll be able to make all these  transitions easy on a loose rein. Yeah, and pigs'll fly. He's going to be okay -- so long as you  don't go yanking on him. Look, the truth is it's all about self- preservation. These animals. ... well, they just have such big hearts,  you know? There's nothing they want more  than to do what you want them to do. But  when the messages get all confused, the  only thing they know to do is try and  save themselves... Now, why don't you go  saddle up and see what happens. They won't ever hold a thing against  you. They're the most forgiving  creatures God ever made. Okay, who's next? Now God has another idea entirely with  the mule. Well, that'll happen. What stuff is that?  (getting the message) Well... Dale... you know, a lot of this  stuff... it just... nuts and bolts. Well, if the rider's nuts, the horse  bolts. That's the whole lesson right there.  You have a good day now... Just... keep  on freeing yourself up. I don't any woman in New York. But from  what I hear, most of them are wound up. How long were you married? You ever miss it? Sometimes. You know, Rona, we weren't all that good  together even when we were good together. Yeah. Hello. This is Tom Booker. I got a  message you called. Well, see, truth is, ma'am, I help horses  with people's problems. Ma'am, I'm very sorry about your problems  and I appreciate what your daughter must  be going through, but I'm afraid you've  misunderstood whatever it is you read. I  don't do that sort of thing. Look, even if it was nearer, that's just  not what I do. I give clinics. And I'm  not even doing them for a while. I'm  heading back to Montana right now. I got  a ranch to take care of... Ma'am, first class to Montana is a waste  of good money. Now, am I being too polite  here or when I say NO in Utah, does that  mean YES in New York City? I, I don't mean to sound insensitive. I  understand your situation. But there's  nothing I can do. You just called the  wrong person, that's all. I hear there  are a bunch of therapists in New York.  Maybe you should call one of them. I am very sorry, ma'am. Goodbye now. All our "favorite" people were there  saying all their "favorite" things about  their "favorite" subjects. I thought to  myself, we've been friends with these  people almost twenty years and nobody  knows anybody. We're so afraid we won't  like each other and have nobody go to  dinners with. They're still our friends, Annie. It's  nothing serious. You kid about them all  the time... And I could tell Paul really  appreciated me being there. Did you get a hold of that horse guy? What did he say? I was thinking... Maybe we should think  about the three of us going someplace  warm... Remember that house we rented in  Bermuda... The pink one with the -- Shit. What was I saying? I don't understand. You just said he  said no. That's the craziest thing I ever heard.  Absolutely not. You've already made arrangements!? I come home and you tell me we're going  to drive a psychotic horse to Montana! I  can't just pick up and leave... You want to do this by yourself? How?  You can't take care of Pilgrim all the -- What... Bo-... What about the magazine? No. It's, uh... No, I really don't think  it's a good idea Her psychiatrist... said... she needs  security now... stability... Are you a psychiatrist? He said it takes  time. I'm not pretending anything! I thought... well, ever since the  accident, I just thought we... I really wish I could understand why  you think this is so necessary. What if she doesn't want to go? And you think it's best if I don't come. You okay, ma'am? That young lady is getting a little  worried. Can we take a look at Bronty's foal  when we're done here, Dad? Sure. As long as she don't mind. There's a kid at school says we  should've imprint-trained him. He says if you do it soon as they're  born, it makes them real easy to handle  later on. That's what some folks say. There was this thing on the TV about a  guy who does it with geese. He has this  airplane and these baby geese all grow  up thinking it's their mom, and he flies  it and they just follow. You hear 'bout that, Uncle T? Yeah, I hear about that. Well, what do you think about that  stuff? Well, Joe, I'll tell ya -- I don't know  a whole lot about geese. Maybe it's okay  for them to grow up thinking they're  airplanes. But horses, as far as I can  tell, can't fly. We expecting company? I don't believe it. You know her? Plenty of signs -- just none of them  printed. Who do I get the idea you're  not just passing through! Were you thinking of personally driving  me back East? You mean you hauled him all the way out  here? Just like that? All by yourself? I uh... ha, ha... I don't think I ever  met a lady quite like yourself and I  appreciate all the pains you've gone  through to -- Uh, I'm Tom Booker. Your mother  around? First time in Montana? She gonna be long? What does she do? Mmm. An editor. Uh, no. I was gonna take a look now. Doesn't matter. Probably best she stays behind, anyway. Okay now... Okay now... I have to be honest. I still feel  you made a long trip for nothing. But before I even think about it, I  need to know something here and now.  It's a question for Grace here. When I work with a horse, it's no good  just me doing it. It doesn't work that  way. The owner needs to be involved too. You can make it as complicated or as  easy as you like. But she's the one  who's gonna be riding him, am I right?  So here's the deal. I'm not sure I can  do anything, but I'm prepared to give  it a go -- -- if you'll help. You have a problem with that? Not to me. Either you want to or you  don't. Excuse me, with all due respect, but  this is her decision, not yours. And I  don't want to waste anybody's time --  mostly mine. Not good enough. I can't help you. Oh hell, I don't know... According to Tom,  she's a pretty determined woman. Must've  thought it was worth it. I don't believe they'll expect that. Mixed salad. I believe women from New York eat mixed  salads. Ain't that right, Tom? I believe so. Saw it on a television  show, once. When you figure on branding? Weekend after next... If the weather holds. What's an editor do anyway? Tom? Yeah. Howdy... Howdy. Trying to get his eye. NO... LET HIM GO! He don't really want to run. Don't  know where he's going. All this open  space scares the daylight out of him. My guess is he's spent his life in a  six-by-eight stall... He's forgot what  it's like to be a horse... Does that hurt you? Twice a month they give you a day off  to work on the ranch. Look at him out in the pasture -- Yeah,  he must've been a big, beautiful looking  horse. How was he to ride? Excuse me. I got chores to look after. From now on, leave your phone  somewhere else... Then drop off Grace in the morning,  go on back and do your business.  Come pick her up around dinner. Dear Lord, we are humbly thankful  for... these gifts. For the blessings on our  home, our family and our guests. Bless  those that aren't as fortunate. Bless  all God's creatures. Amen. Bank out us a couple more men to run  the cattle. We should be fine, then. Teacher asked me why we raise Black  Angus-Herefords 'stead of Pure Herefords. Tell her they suit the weather better.  Their udders are black, 'stead of pink. They don't get burned by the sun bouncing  off the snow. And they're good mother. Our daddy raised Pure Herefords. Well, get born a bull, got a ninety  percent chance of getting castrated and  served up as hamburger. On a balance I  reckon I'd choose being a cow. Would you mind passing that salad  young lady? You know, Tom, while you're working on  that horse of theirs, Annie and Grace  should move into the old Creek house. Nobody's using it. Silly for her to be  driving back and forth when she don't  know her way around that well... Well, I know Peterson's. Old place is as  good as falling down around your ears. It's got doors, Diane. Private as can be.  Tom? I don't have a problem with that. It's up  to Annie. That's up to Pilgrim. Hey... She sounds like she's doing  all right. How is she? Taking forever. I just got an additional  list of sixty-two employees to interview  before Monday. I don't know how I'm going  to do it. So, how are you doing in Marlboro  country? Is the magazine complaining at  all? When are you coming home? Well then... maybe I will take some  time... come visit. I miss you, Annie. Good night.  What we're doing here, Grace, is   trying to get him to learn how to   be a horse again. Hold this for a minute... Hold onto it, go on... We'll get there, Grace. Hello, Annie... You know, we're branding here  tomorrow. If you two want to come  by to watch or give a hand, you're  welcome. As long as you don't get in the way of  the branding iron, it doesn't matter too  much. Hey, Grace -- maybe we can get your  mom to put me and you branding on the  cover of her magazine. Start a whole  new fashion craze. Hey, over there, you want to make  yourself useful? Hank, I got you a volunteer! That's good... firm but gentle... It hurts but he'll get over it. You handled that pretty well. Think  it's time you earn your keep around  here. So, when we're not working  and when you don't have your therapy,  I'd like you to help out with the  horses... Rubbing them, cleaning up  the stalls... You think you can  handle that? You're catching on. You okay? We used to call Diane's mother  Medicine Woman. None of us never went  to the doctor when she was alive. Too bad she wasn't here for old  Henry Vanoker... Not much would have helped him. Old Henry was changing a flat tire on  his truck over on 118 when that... ... two-hundred-year-old jack he has  gives way and the side of that truck  come slamming down on that rock he  calls head... Knocked him out for a while. He woke  up, finished putting on the tire and  drove himself to the hospital. Huh, Joe here has something to say. I wrote this for you Grandma... I wrote it myself, ma'am. Now son, you tell 'em when it came  from. Be honest, I can't say I did it all  myself. My grandma helped me get the  words right. Well, I'd like to welcome Annie and  Grace to their first branding... And next time, Miss Annie, you can run  down the calves... Because it fits my head. You want to  try it on? Show us again! Come on! One more time!  It's my turn now! All right, al right. Hold out your  finger. The loop's knotted, right. Looks like the only way to take it  off, is if we break our touch... Watch now... Again! Again. One more time! Oh, no. No, no. I only fall for that  once. Go inside now before your mother  starts hunting you down. Go on. So how was your first and last day of  branding? You got too much sun today...  Here... You ever just stand still for a  minute? Oh, I see, you write both sides of the  conversation? Well, maybe I am laughing a bit... I  just thought, as long as you're here,  it would be nice for you to relax into  the place a little. What's that to miss? Does Chicago count? When I was first married. I once heard Itzhak Perlman guest star  with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra.  He played Rachmaninov's Vocalize Opus 34.  No. 14. It was one of the most beautiful  pieces of music I ever heard. I actually  forgot where I was for a time. You seem surprised? Just who's been laughing at who here? I thought you guys were going to call  me. Oh well... branding will do that to you. Huh-huh. You? I wish I did. Well, uh the real reason I called,  actually, was to tell you I saw Lucy  at Jo-Jo's tonight and she seems very  worried. Apparently, Gottschalk's been seen around  town lunching with some very prominent  magazine editors. Lucy said she tried to  call you, but no one answered so she faxed  you the list of names. She said one of  them have contracts up fairly soon. Honey, I hope you're not endangering  your position. Listen, if you need to  come back and you want me to come take  over, for a while, I'll work it out. I  mean, the firm's got other lawyers, but  the magazine's got only one of you. A jogger, huh? Lucky for you. The grizzlies around  here only go for joggers. You sleeping all right in that house? Sorry about that. I thought everything  got cleared out. R.B. is my wife...  ex-wife... Rachel. We used to live in  that house  together. I thought you were an editor, not a  reporter? It's all right. He's young. Just hold  out your hand a little lower so he can  get the smell of you. Why don't you ride anymore? Grace told  me you used to ride when she was  younger. Just polite. Well, maybe you'd like  to try riding again, some time before  you go home. Enjoy the day. Need a lift? If nothing goes wrong. If the faxes don't  go down. If the phone lines are opened.  I can't have this magazine hitting the  streets by the skin of its ass, Annie. Lucy isn't you. We're losing something  without you being here. Now, I know this  is a rough time for you, but I think we  should make another arrangement. If this magazine is so important to you  Annie, why are you in Montana? Look, this is what we're going to do.  Finish up this issue. I'll set up a  conference call in a few weeks. Just  you, me and your lawyer and we'll  just work this out so that everyone  will be taken care of. Fair enough? All right. Speak to you then. Come and take a ride with me. Can you drive? It's never too soon to start. I don't have all day. Put the key in and turn it. The right pedal is gas, the other  one's the brake. Well, there's only one way to find out. Give it a little gas. Well, we know you can. Now you just  got to feel how much. Try it again. Nice, real nice. There's a little  road down at the end here, turn onto  it. Just follow this. Nothing to it. I'm  going to shut my eyes here for a  little while. Just keep going till  you run out of road. Not a question of if you can -- you  are. Just keep your eyes on the road  and your foot on the pedal and the  rest will take care of yourself. Where did you get Pilgrim from? That must have been pretty special. Getting old. Not being of much use,  I guess. What went on out there, Grace? With  Pilgrim? You see, Grace, I've got a problem.  When I'm working with a horse, I like  to know its history. Now, most times,  the horse can tell you pretty much the  whole story, but sometimes he can be  so messed up in his head that you need  more to go on. You need to know exactly  what went wrong. Often times, it's the  obvious thing, but something that went  wrong just before that, maybe even some  little thing... It's like if I'm driving and run into  a tree. When somebody asks me, "Well,  what happened?", I don't say, "Well,  I plowed into a tree." I'd say, "The  sun was in my eyes." or "I skidded." or  "I took my mind off the road for a  second." See what I mean? I don't know how you feel about talking  about it and I can understand you might  not want to. But if I'm going to figure  out what's going on in his head, it'd  sure help if I knew exactly what  happened that day. Not today -- whenever you feel like it.  I leave it up to you. You haven't heard the question yet. Truth  is, you'd be doing me a favor. I got all  these eager young colts need riding and  poor old Rimrock here is feeling kind of  left out... He'd be grateful, he'd take real good  care with you. No, ma'am, I'm afraid that's extra. Relax our center... It's just sitting  in a bucket. OK. I'll stop talking then. Well, he don't know that. Just sit the  horse. Good... You have a nice seat. Feel good? You look all right. You want to pick  it up a little? Watch your reins, he'll go with you,  give him some room, let him do the  work. Relax, don't grab him with  your thighs, just so long as he can  feel your body. You want to let it go some more? Lift your leg. Five years. My son was born here. Yeah. I haven't seen him in a while. He  used to come to the ranch over summers,  but then he started having friends and  was going off to college, so... Good boy.  Hal. Lives in New York near his mom. College. In Illinois. She was playing  the cello. I hadn't heard cello music  growing up. She had the reddest hair,  the bluest eyes. When she played, it  was... She was the most beautiful thing I'd  ever seen. She was never really happy here. She did  the best she could. Grace told me you have a country house  in Connecticut. Sounds like a beautiful  place. Ever think of moving there full time? I hear that! See, I knew she was never  going to be a ranchest, but I wanted  to try -- I thought maybe she'd give  music lessons to the kids in town or at  the school, maybe even recitals. My son  would grow up here. Maybe have one or  two more. I'd teach 'em what I could.  They'd play with my brother's kids. All  grow up together. And even if they all  decided to go out into the world, they'd  always know where home was -- cause we'd  keep it for 'em... Yeah, I think it is. And I don't mean  everybody's got to be married, have kids -- It's more like, knowing where you're  from, where you belong, what feeds you,  where you can go no matter what happens...  Knowing what you're supposed to be doing  while you're here. I got lost. Hi... Have you talked to Tom about it? I don't know... You sure Tom said it's  all right? You sure? You okay? You better not say anything!!! I'll give your mom a hand. Everything under control? Just make yourself comfortable. Ha, ha... all right, well, uh I guess  you can bring out the pasta. Huh? It'd be a whole lot easier to pay  the feed end of the month... I don't think Warren would go for that. We have a business manager. The best  around. Diane takes care of the books. I don't  know how, but at the end of every  month, everything adds up to the penny. This is MY fork. That's YOUR fork, ya  idiot! I'll have another round of that  spaghetti if may? Thank you. Can we see the dead body on the  screen? IT WAS MY TURN! YA JUST HAD A TURN. IT WAS NOT. WAS SO! Boys! Settle down! You never let me have a turn! Don't be such a baby! You just showing off for her! You shut up, stupid! You're the one who's stupid -- letting  her go and fall off your horse!! You little shit! I saw 'em. In the pasture. Her trying to  get on Gonzo! I saw 'em. Little shit! Dinner was delicious. Thank you. Say thank you!! Sorry, ma'am, I thank you for dinner.  It was very good. I expect you should talk to Grace about  that, ma'am. And if I did anything  wrong, then I am sorry. Don't let her turn you away. Hello, this is ATT Conference Service.  Is this Annie MacLean? I have a conference call scheduled for  you with Mr. Gottschalk and Mr. Farlow. You hungry? I won't tell you it'll stop feeling  this bad... But I can tell you, you  didn't do anything wrong... The same  thing would have happened to me... or  Frank... or Joe... And there's no  sense in looking for a reason why  things happen... I used to try and... always came up  short. I don't think the why so's  important as... what we do with what  we get. I remember this boy I'd see  up on the Blackfeet Reservation. He  was sixteen. Great kid. Strong. He'd  gone swimming and dived headfirst into  a rock. Snapped his neck, paralyzed  him... After the accident, I'd look  in on him from time to time... and he  wasn't there anymore. His mind, his  spirit, whatever you want to call it,  it just disappeared. And what was left  was nothing but anger... It's like the  boy I knew just went away somewhere... I know you do. Don't you disappear. You do whatever you have to, to hold  on... I'll tell you one more thing... When  Pilgrim reared up to face that  truck... you know what I think?... I  think that damn horse loved you so much,  he was trying to protect you... That's  what I think. Let me hold that... There's no hurry. Take you time. Play that sweet one you know. The one  makes my wife here so friendly. You wouldn't want to dance with me,  would you? I wouldn't let happen. Tom. Hi. It's a pleasure. I'm very grateful  for the way you took in my girls here.  I bet you were surprised when they  just showed up out of nowhere. Oh yeah... Well I uh... I can already see a change. And I'm very grateful to you. I know. Amazing. Oh, we're gonna show your dad plenty.  Why don't you all get settled in and  we'll do the tour. Excuse me. See you later! I can't believe it's the same horse. We still have a way to go. How much longer do you think? Well, like I told your wife, it's  really up to Pilgrim. I understand... We thought we lost him in the snow  storm... Told the kids. Had a funeral  for the damn thing. Finally, snow  stops. Staring to warm up. I go out  and start cleaning the truck...  Goddamn if that dog doesn't jump out  from the back seat covered in snow...  I nearly stained myself. He thought it was a ghost. A dog ghost! Is the poverty worse, now, you  think? I haven't been back in over twenty  years, but I wouldn't be surprised.  The population's larger. What were you doing over in India? Uh, this was right after college. I  was in the Peace Corps. That right? ... and I thought before I settled  into law school -- everybody knew that  was the plan -- I'd take this time for  myself. And I tell you, Frank, it was one of  the -- ... one of the uh... greatest times  of my life... I had experiences that,  I think, changed my outlook forever.  I came back a different person,  literally. ... and I have no idea what he's  saying because I don't understand  Hindu... ... So, finally I'm trying to explain  to him that I'm allergic to wool and  would he please get his sheep out of  my car -- Tired? Small bed. Maybe I should sleep in  the barn. I apologize for the surprise, but the  days only opened yesterday and I  figured... I can see why you put your faith in  him. He's a genuine... good guy...  Good at what he does. That's rare. You were right about coming here. I'm  sorry for not thinking... How are you feeling about work? I feel like I'm on a first date. Sure. No thanks. There's something you have to do  tomorrow, boy... All set? Sure? Smokey... He'll be okay, Grace. Just you hang  on there a minute or two. Tom'll get  him, okay, you'll see... There's still something going on  inside of him I can't reach. So me  and Smokey here, we're going to  try laying him down. Okay? It's more or less how it sounds.  Sometimes it's not pretty to watch.  Some horses fight it real hard.  Your fella's already shown us he  likes a good fight. So if you don't  want to watch, I'll call you when it's  done. You got that soft rope? It'll be OK, Grace. He's trying to get him to go down  on his knees... Drop the lines and come help me... GRACE! GRACE! Will you come here, please! Grace, I need you to come with me. Well maybe she shouldn't be here... Grace, I need you to come with me. He's not hurt. He's okay. Look at him. Grace, Listen... you've got to do this.  Just trust me one more time. I'll show you. I want you to lay down with him. I  want you to stroke him. I want to  start with his hindquarters and rub  him, feel him all over. Grace, you've got to do what I say. Now, listen. I want you to stand on  him. PLEASE! No. He had the choice. Either fight the way things are or  accept it. Diane! Same here, Mrs. Booker. Thank you  again for all your kindness. Shouldn't we have invited Tom over? Connecticut. I told the office I'd  work out of there next week. When are  you planning to start back? May I have a suggestion? Take your time. I'll tell you something, Annie -- I  stood there looking at what was  happening to that horse... And, I  swear, it felt like the same thing  was happening to me.   (continues) And I have two choices. I can either  fight the way things are, or accept  them. See, I always knew I loved you more.  Didn't bother me. I always felt  lucky... a little amazed... that such  a vibrant, beautiful woman would want  to be with a man like me... And I  guess I thought as long as I did  everything right -- if I was the best  husband I could be, the best father...  even being a good lawyer only mattered  to me because of what it meant for  us... if I could do all that, it  wouldn't make any difference if we  loved each other the same or not...  I wasn't asking for more. I told myself  I didn't need more. But you don't know how you feel about  me. You don't know... if you want a  life with me anymore... And I don't want you to come home  until you do know... ... one way or the other. I won't apologize for this. And I  won't hide it. Not for anybody. Ssshhh... Stand still, Annie. Takes what we've  got, just for now. Can you do that? Annie! Summers are short here, Annie. There  isn't much of a fall. Before you know  it, the roads are closed... the nights  get long. Two people can't just be alone together  in the world. At least not us... I figured, whenever you decided to  go, you'd be all set. Annie, please... I don't know any other way, Annie. You think this is easy for me!? It's just happened this way sometimes.  I can't explain it. But I look at you  and see Grace and I see Robert, and  no matter what you decide about him,  I just know this is right. Your life  isn't here and you know it. The point was to love each other. Because we had to... And I'll never  stop loving you, Annie. Here. Where  my life is. Annie... Annie? Sure. I'll saddle them up. Yes? No. I am a "tubab." Tubab means white man. Hi. Was the trip okay? You want to take a walk with me? I don't know. Let's just go and...  we'll see... 