Course you didn't. I wanna help you, but I don't wanna be locked in the trunk of no car. Look, man, I know I owe you -- I ain't doin' you no way. I just ain't climbin' in that trunk. I got a problem with small places. Well, I'm sorry, man, but I ain't gittin' in that trunk. Uh-uh. I ain't riding in that trunk no minutes. Why don't I just ride with you? I ain't gittin' in that trunk. Fuck that shit, man. I ain't shootin' anybody. Go ahead. Man, I ain't ready to be goin' out nowhere -- Uh-huh. What's the problem? Aaaaawww man, I wasn't plannin' on goin' no place. It's twelve o'clock, man. I'm home, I'm high -- That requires me goin' out tonight? What? What'd ya mean? Hey, c'mon in, man. I was just -- you know -- smokin' a fatty, watchin' TV. That's not what they're tellin' me. Three years. If that's what they want to do, they're doin' it. I'm still scared as a motherfucker, Ordell. They talkin' like they serious 'bout me doin' that machine gun time. You. You were there for me. What the fuck can I say? I'm serious, man. What the fuck can I say? Thank you... thank you... thank you.And you didn't tell the Police? How'd you know where he was? Why were you with him? Does he have the marked bills on him? Can I have a word with you? What time do you have to be there? We are. Don't worry about it. She ain't said it, but she's not stupid, she knows it's you who wants her. She hasn't one into specifics yet, she's been waiting for you. She wants to go back to work. She almost sounds scared. She wants to make a deal. Great, you're here. Can she afford a good one is the question. Otherwise she'll be in Sybill Brand three weeks easy before the Public Defender gets around to her. I'd say there's about, oh, fifty thousand dollars here. What would you say Ray? She leaves, somebody'll be on her. What's her name? Bet you're happy to be working again. How was your flight? You don't want much, do you? But now you're telling us now you do. Help us do what? Thanks. Let me have a word outside with Agent Nicolet for a moment? Oh, I wouldn't be so sure. What with all the cash, I think I could go with Conspiracy to Traffic. What's this? What's in it? While you're at it, let me see what else is in there. You mind? Oh, you're both? In 1985 you were flying for TWA and got busted for carrying drugs. You were carrying them for a pilot husband of yours. He did time and you got off. But that ended your career with the big airlines. Cut to thirteen years later. You're forty-four years of age. You're flying for the shittiest little shuttle-fucking piece of shit Mexican airline that there is. Where you make a whopping twelve-thousand dollars a year. That ain't a hulluva lot to show for a twenty year career. And to top it off, you're going to jail. Now true, the judge, even with your prior, will probably only give you a year or two. But this doesn't seem like the time of life you got years to throw away. Now, we don't like trying losers like they're criminals. But in the absence of a criminal, we will try you. Now, wasn't this money given to you by an American living in Mexico by the name of Cedric Walker? Hey, this is my office. There's no smoking. You should know if you bring in anything over ten thousand you have to declare it. You forgot or what? You could get a two hundred and fifty thousand dollar fine, plus two years in prison. Now you want to talk to us about it, or you want to talk to Customs? This is your money? You have the right to say "no." And I have the right to make you wait here with Ray while I go get a warrant. And if I don't want to go through all that trouble, I could just take you in on suspicion. This is Special Agent Ray Nicolet with Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms. Would you mind if we looked in that bag? Hi, I'm Detective Mark Dargus. L.A.P.D. can I ask what you have in that bag?I mean it. Don't say one fuckin' word. This one. Yeah, down the end. I'm carrying it. Gimme that bag before I knock you out and take it. Goddam you. Gimme that bag, Lemme have the bag. What are you doin'? Just stay right fuckin' here, all right? We shoulda been there already and we woulda been if it hadn't been for your fuckin' around! We're leaving now! Uh-huh? And your point is? Uh-huh? You live with him. Does that bother you? No. So what are you trying to tell me? I should get out of here? I wouldn't go so far as to say that. Yeah. Yeah, that really hit the spot. Sure. That sounds like a problem. Must of made quite an impression. Who's arm is that? You lived in Japan, when? You been to Japan? I went to a few just to meet women. But I don't like to dance, and it's so fuckin; loud. During that whole scene I just drank in bars. Who didn't make the cut? I don't like dancing. No. We had done time together already. Detroit. No. So where did you go? Were you a disco girl? I thought you were sixteen. You're fourteen years old here? The roller disco one. No thanks. It's a diet thing? What's a Metrix? Yeah, I'm just gettin' old. I can't smoke or laugh now it seems without coughing. Is it ready to go? Bank robbery. Uh-huh. Two months shy of four years. Susanville. Four days ago. Sure. I'm impressed. He knows a lot. I can sit through it once. I ain't givin' you fuckin' excuses, I'm givin' you reasons. Why should I think anything's weird, if I don't know nothin' about them knowing each other? How am I supposed to know that? Do Max Cherry and Jackie Brown know each other? Max Cherry. I didn't really think anything of it. No -- I did wonder what he was doing there, but didn't think it had anything to do with us. You know like maybe he was there with his wife or girlfriend. You know who I saw in the dress department? Jesus Christ. I don't know. Either she has it or the Feds. That's why I never checked it. The bag felt right. Maybe the Feds got it. If she's got it, why didn't she take it all? It's in there. Fuck you for asking me that. That's right. We went to the parking lot. Look, I swear to fucking god, she came out with that bag and I took it from her. Maybe a minute. She came right out. The fitting room. It went down exactly the way it was supposed to. Look, that's the bag she came out with. She never even put her hand in it, and neither did I. You said five hundred and fifty! How much it there? What? In the chest and stomach. Pretty sure. Uh-huh. Maybe... but at that moment... I dunno... You know how she is. Twice. In the parking lot. I shot her. That's what I gotta tell you. She bugged me the whole time. Got pissy with me 'cause I wouldn't let her carry the bag. Started running her fuckin' mouth... I couldn't remember right away when we came out where the car was parked, so she got on me about that. "Is it this aisle Lou- is, is it that one?" She was totally fuckin' with my nerves. That's what I got to talk to you about. You see, Melanie was giving me a hard time -- I haven't even looked at it yet, it's still in the shopping bag. I got it. Listen, there's something else I have to tell you. It's Louis. Well, she keeps saying 'in a minute.' Uh-huh. I still don't understand why you keep her around. What does that mean? Why do you let someone know your business you can't trust? Well, why the fuck keep her around? Yep. That's not what I meant when I asked did you trust her. She believed you? What's your relationship? Can I ask you about Melanie? How much is there? I didn't look like a bum. I follow. Yeah. What did he do? Who was Beaumont? Who was that? I'm in my underwear. C'mon in. You're outside? The moon -- I dunno I dunno. Nothin' really. Just kinda goin' back and forth. They had some black girl from some black show on Jay Leno. I watched that for a bit, but I kept flippin channels cause I didn't know who she was. Oh, I dunno. Watching TV. Okay. What do I do? Which one is for the car? I'm going to wait in the car. Then what? That's good money. Are you serious? What's your cost? Who's your partner?I won't forget. I'll call her. Then say "Yes, Max. I understand." I mean it. I don't care how many times your mother calls or how much she cries. I don't know. Maybe it's a language problem. Anita, you ever cause this much heartache over something that could easily be avoided, I'll never write you again. You understand? But then you told her you were home. But you didn't ask permission. You broke a trust. If you had asked, Karen probably would have let you. I'm sure she would. Tomorrow I'll talk to your probation officer. Karen's a good kid, but she's mad at you, because you lied to her. This business about your grandmother's funeral I told Jackie, and Jackie said you wanted him. I found out. I went to give him his refund, so he wouldn't have to come here. In his inside coat pocket. I'm just tired in general. Thank you for saying that, but no. My business. Thanks, but you have a good time. Madrid or Barcelona? Where're you going? You'll get over that. I'm fifty-five-years old. I can't blame anybody for anything I do. I know. I didn't say you did. Not after they're dead. That's Ordell's. Did you tell him you were leaving? What's he doing? I'm sure. I hesitated taking that much. Less ten percent. What if he hears something he's not supposed to? We get Ordell to come to my office. Nicolet -- is he already there, or does he come busting in while we're chatting? What do you tell Nicolet? Why? Tell him you want to see him? Set him up. So how do we give Ordell to Nicolet? It's not that simple. Everybody wants him, he's a homicide suspect. It doesn't matter who brings him in, he's gonna name you as an accessory. On the phone I told him I have the ten thousand he put up for your bond. I could bring the money and the papers for him to sign. Walk out and call the Sheriff's department. People talk to Winston. He's street, same as them, they trust him. They get busted, they know somebody who can bond them out. I thought I might drop in on him. He'll no doubt be surprised to see me. All Winston had to do was ask around. Ordell's living in Long Beach with a woman junkie. In a dress. You're gonna have surveillance all over you. Then you're out and you get nothing. You're takin' a helluva chance kid. What if he checks it? Where's the rest of it? But you still have to show him the money at the airport. It'll be more than that. You know, a good cop won't let you know he knows you're fulla shit. Do you think they bought it? You're rationalizing. The feds. It's evidence. Don't even think about it. You could get yourself killed go to prison... I believe I said I'd be tempted. Which one? More or less. He never came home. But I'm sitting on the couch, in the dark, holding my stun gun and the whole house smells of mildew -- So after a couple hours I think, "What am I doing here? Nineteen years of this shit? So I made up my mind, that's it. That's my job. Shoot him with the stun gun. While he's incapacitated, cuff him, take 'em to County. And went to this guy's house in El Monte, and I waited for him. Got another gun and a stun gun... Uh-huh. Yeah, that night I went to pick up a guy. I hear he's staying at this house, so I sneak in, wait for him to come home. Hi, I'm Max Cherry. Your bail bondsman. It's been a long time coming. I finally made up my mind -- I guess it was Thursday. A lot of reasons. But the main one would be I'm tired of it. I have to stand behind all my active bonds, but I'm not writing any new ones. Okay, sure. I might be tempted. Especially now, since I'm getting out of the bail bonds business. A half-a-million dollars will always be missed. If I saw a way to walk off with a shopping bag full of money, would I take it? What? If I was in Nicolet's place? No harm in that. He's a young guy havin' fun being a cop. I know the type, trust me on this. He's more interested in Ordell than the money. If he's gonna do anything suspect, it'll be cutting corners to get the conviction; but he wouldn't walk off with the money. It's evidence. Has Nicolet told you any colorful stories like that? You know some interesting people. Has he hinted around? I see. I don't follow your logic. What does his being nice to you have to do with him wanting Ordell's money? You think he's got a thing for you? I called you last night. He was here? Will Ordell go for that? Sit down, leave the bag under the table? Make the delivery somewhere in the mall. You don't actually do it that way? Bring the money in and they follow it? You talk them into it? What're you, a bag lady? I don't care. I'm old enough to be her father. She's adorable. But I had to end it. Sandra Bullock. You know her? For now. These relationships never last too long. Well, I'd never be so bold as to speak for all men, but as or myself and a few of my friends, that's definitely the case. There's a lot of actresses out there you like, and there's some you have crushes on. But there's always one who you love. And with her it's sorta like going steady. No... ...I don't believe she's ever heard of me. But that doesn't mean we're not going steady. Pretty good. Me and Annette Bening are goin steady. "American President" Catching a movie. I walked right past you. Well, hello. Fifteen thousand. Does something else worry you? Bigger? You know, I can't really feel too sorry for you in that department. I'm fine with it, or I wouldn't of done it, I did it to feel better about myself, and I do. When I look in the mirror it looks like me. Okay, I'm a little sensitive about my hair. It started falling out ten years ago. So I did something about it. It's not really something I think about. You're not old. You look great. It's very possible Ordell's killed somebody. You're gonna offer to set him up? How do you get it out? No thanks. There's gotta be other ways to get it out. Why? What?... What'd you do? He called you? How'd you find that out? Well, if the A.T.F. guy is the one who wants you, that'll only interest him up to a point. What I meant was have a lawyer do the negotiating for you. Are you? It's nice. '76? Who is this? This is pretty. You never got into the whole CD revolution? It looks nice. Sure. Somebody loan it to you? You went out this morning and bought a gun. You went out this morning and bought a gun? Black's fine. You get a chance to use it? If you're having some. What'dya think? Give 'em what you got. Offer to help. Show a willingness to be helpful. You want to stay out of jail, don't you? Well, Jackie, you got caught, you're gonna have to give 'em something. Ask A.T.F. They might give you permission. If you knew bringing anything over ten thousand was against the law, why not pack a hundred grand? Cash poor? He's got that kinda money? How many trips did you make? 'Cause if he busted you, you'd play hell bonding out of federal court. He doesn't want you mad at him, he wants you to tell him what you know. He uses you to get a line on Ordell, make a case, then take him federal. You know what Ordell's into? He's the one who wants you. No, you didn't. What branch? You mentioned a guy from L.A.P.D., but you didn't mention the Federal. Same as you. Ten thousand. I wrote him on Monday. They found him dead on Tuesday. That would be Beaumont Livingston. What did they want to know? They wanted you to tell them what you know. You know who put the dope in your bag? But they won't want to take you to trial. They'll offer you simple Possession, a few months of County time, and a year or two probation. How 'bout another? I'd say if you're tried and found guilty you won't get more than a year and a day. That's State time. Prison. What have they told you? I am, as a matter of fact. You know, I figured out the other day I've written something like fifteen thousand bonds since I've been in the business. I'd say about eighty percent of them were at least drug related. If you want, I can help you look at your options. Was she helpful? What's your brand? Ten pounds. I lose it and put it back on. Great. Why does it need to be dark? It's kind of a sports bar We could stop at the Hilton by the airport. I thought you might want a drink? It's okay. It's a cop hangout. Sure, ever been to the Riverbottom? In cash. You're serious? I gave you my card there. Who do you think I am? I can give you a lift home if you'd like? I think I do. Is that good enough? They don't have your winning personality. You're right, that was Ordell. You have time, you think you could find out for me where he's staying? Whatever looks best and starts the soonest. I'm going to Del Amo, see a movie, get something to eat. I'm going out for a few hours. Yes. No. Yeah. Uh-huh. Turn left. It's the next street. She will. She's all alone. Uh-huh. If she wanted to set you up, you'd be in custody right now. When you said you'd name her as an accessory she believed you. That scares her more than anything. I'm telling you, you got her spooked. She won't leave there till you have your money and you're gone. It's in the safe. She can't get at it. She still is. She doesn't want to get shot before she can tell you what happened. She was afraid. She's been there since Thursday night. My office. This place stinks. In a way, yes. All I did was walk out with it. Jackie didn't trust Melanie. She'd already tried to get Jackie to go in with her, split the half million amongst themselves. What she did was take quite a risk to see you get your money. She wants to give it to you herself and collect her ten percent. She also wants to explain why she had to hold on to it. Uh-huh. That's what Winston does. He finds people who don't want to be found. Winston found you. She wants to give you your money. If she didn't, there'd be cops batter- ramming the door right now. I have a bond receipt for you to sign. I'm alone. I thought you might be asleep. You still there? They decided to no-file. Tell me where you are and I'll bring you your money. The bond collateral on Beaumont Livingston you moved over to cover Miss Brown, remember? Mister Robbie, isn't it? I have the ten thousand you put up. Isn't that why you called. I think falling in live with movie stars is something that happens to a man as he gets older. Where is it? Is white guilt supposed to make me forget I'm running a business? Falsely accused? She didn't come back from Mexico with cocaine on her? Ordell, this isn't a bar, an you don't have a tab. If I don't see it in front of me, you're right. It ain't shit. Well, come back when you do, and I'll bond out the stewardess. I'm telling you what I have to do. What you have to do, in case you forgot, is come up with premium of a thousand bucks. You want me to speculate on what you do. I'd say you're in the drug business, except the money's moving in the wrong direction. Whatever you're into, you seem to be getting away with it, so more power to you. Okay you want another bond, and you want to move over the ten thousand you put down on Beaumont to the stewardess. That means paperwork. I have to get a death certificate, present it to the court, fill out a receipt for return of bond collateral, then type up another application. An indemnity agreement -- Cause you want me to know what a slick guy you are. You got stewardesses bringing you fifty grand. You're not my client until you get busted and I bond you out. Was she? Beaumont worked for you. What does she do for you? The stewardess. Do you know her last name? Did the police contact you? Hear what? What? Before we start talking about stewardess, let's get Beaumont out of the way first. It still sounds high. The bond for possession is only a thousand. Oh, yeah? What did he do? I can see that. Why? Comfortable? Yes. Across the street a Great Western. It goes in a trust account. You'll need to fill out an Application for Appearance Bond, an Indemnity Agreement, a Contingent Promissory Note. That's the one, if Beaumont skips and I go after him, you pay the expenses. Now I need you to count your money. House or apartment? I need your name and address. They do consider this a violation of his probation. Your boy's looking at ten years, plus the concealed weapon. Possession of unregistered machine guns. Do you know what he's on probation for? On his prior, he served nine months, and he's working on four years' probation. Beaumont Livingston. Getting there. What's his full name? He takes off and I gotta go to Kentucky to bring him back, you pay the expenses. Ten thousand sounds high. Who's it for? A relative? Cost you a thousand for the bond. You have cash. What do you need me for? You have it with you? So, you want a ten-thousand dollar bond. What've you got for collateral? Yeah. That's Winston. He works here. How can I help you?Sure. The envelope contains currency... all the same denomination, one-hundred- dollar bills. Now, I'm counting it. Every step of this goes in my report. I am now taking a manila envelope from the subject's flight bag. She knows it's my case? What's she willing to give us? What's she want? She sound scared? What's going on? Hey, Jackie. Ever heard of a fella named Beaumont Livingston? You got a good lawyer? That looks like fifty thousand dollars from here. I have no evidence of your taking anything. You didn't pay for your snazzy new suit with marked bills; I was glad to see that. You've been helping us out, you gave us Melanie and Louis. Melanie had a packet of marked bills stuffed in her shorts when they found her, which goes a long way backing up your story. What about you? We pick up Ordell. We've got three murders we can link him to. We have the storage unit where he keeps his guns, by tomorrow we'll have a search warrant to go in and get him. And we have you. We were, and we lost him. He walked into a strip bar sometime around three thirty and never came out. The bar was on Ninth, less than a mile- and-a-half from where Louis was found dead. It looks like Louis's friend shot him twice at point blank range. Louis Gara's dead. L.A.P.D. found him dead in a car on Ninth. And we've lost Ordell. I sure hope you haven't done anything dumb Jackie. You'd take a polygraph on it? It's possible. You're saying you don't have any idea what happened to that fifty thousand? This guy with Melanie, that was Louis Gara? We had our agent on you. She sees a blonde come out of the fitting room carrying a Robinson's/May bag and tussle with a tough-looking white guy. The white guy takes the shopping bag and they go. There was a guy with Melanie? What did you do after that? You took the time to pay the saleswoman. Where's the bag she gave you? But you didn't do that. You didn't. I would think with all this on your mind, you'd wait till after. I'm glad you realize that. Saves me the trouble of pointing it out to you. Put this in your shopping bag. It's what I expect to find when I look in Sheronda's. Comprende? Yeah, well, it's not a point of view that A.T.F. shares. Once we make it evidence, it belongs to us. You are now officially out of trouble. Don't do nothing stupid, now. After all, it don't belong to nobody, right? If I did, I'd have to give you one, wouldn't I? Or we could take what we want. No one knows how much there is except us, right? What? To put one of these in my pocket? You didn't count it? That's fifty thousand, huh? It doesn't look like that much. Oh, that's taken care of. I called the State Attorney's Office. You were no-filed this morning in Circuit Court. Well, it's true, isn't it? After this is buttoned up we could meet someplace else. What do you think? Well, this sounds like a lady I'd like to have a word with. So everything's set for tomorrow? But she mentioned Beaumont by name? Was she there? She told you that? What did you say? And splittin' with her? What's her story? Who's the other one? Ever meet her, or they talk about her? ...Compton with a fifty-six-year- old petty thief -- woman named Simone Hawkins. We've been following Mr. Gara, and he's definitely working for Ordell. Bank robbery? Do you know what he does for Ordell? His full name is Louis Gara. He just got out from serving four years in Susanville. You talk to him? You two meet? The envelope contains ten thousand dollars. The subject will be delivering the currency in a... I'm recording this. This is A.T.F. agent Ray Nicolet, Jackie Brown, Ordell Robbie money exchange trial run. It's three p.m., July 4th 1997. The location is the parking structure at LAX. How can you help us? Then how do you know he sells guns? You ever see him sell guns? No shit. You know how he makes his money? Oh, so now you know him? You know what we want. We can look into that. Thanks for waiting, Jackie. Now tell me, what can we do for you? We'll just be a minute. It isn't enough for Trafficking, but how 'bout Posession with the Intent to Distribute? I know what it looks like. And what would this be, Sweet and Low? Oh, Miss Brown?But the only way to help you was to do that, so I did it. Okay, how 'bout this? After we're through fuckin' with these Koreans, I take you to Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles. My treat. Answer the question, nigga. Do you think I wanted to spend the thousand dollars on your ass? Yes or no? You think I wanted to spend ten thousand dollars on your ass? Well, if you owe me, git your ass in the trunk. Well, my ass has got a problem spending ten thousand dollars of my own goddam money to get ungrateful, peanuthead niggas outta jail, but I do it -- I can't believe you do me this way. You can't ride with me. The surprise effect is ninety percent of it. We're only goin' to Koreatown. You'll be in there -- ten minutes. What the fuck I tell you. You don't hafta shoot nobody. Just hold the gun. They'll get the idea. Let me finish. Can I finish? I'm gonna sell the other two tonight. This group of Koreans in Koreatown have started a Neighborhood Watch kinda thing. And they want a few weapons so the neighborhood niggas know they mean business. So I'm gonna sell 'em my two machine guns tonight. Only problem, I ain't never dealt with these Koreans before. Now I ain't worried. Asians are by and large real dependable. They don't want no trouble. You might argue about price, but you ain't gotta worry about them shootin' you in the back. But I got me kind of a rule. Never do business with nobody you ain't never done business with before without backup. That's why I need you, backup. Well, it ain't so much a problem a a situation. Remember I sold those three M-60 machine guns outta the five I got? Why the fuck you at home? Cause I spent ten thousand dollars gittin' your ass home. Look, I gotta problem. I need help, and you can help me. A bit. I need a favor. Look, I hate to be the kinda nigga, does a nigga a favor -- then BAM -- hits a nigga up for a favor in return. But I'm afraid I gotta be that kinda nigga. Naw, man. I gotta be someplace. I was kinda hopin you could come with me. That's why they call it "fuckin' with ya." Now you wanna hear how we retaliate? Three years. That crime's old, man. They ain't got room in prison for all the motherfuckers out there killin' people. How they gonna find room for you? How old is that machine gun shit? Naw, man. They just tryin' to put a fright in your ass. You see, it works like this. You get your ass in trouble, I get your ass out. That's my job. And I don't mind tellin ya, nigga, it's steady work. Who? Who was there for your ass? Max Cherry? You and him friends now? You tell him about this shit? We're partners, Baby, sorta. I ain't gonna screw you. You haven't told me where I put it for you. Well, I've been trusting you all this time, haven't I? We agreed on ten percent of what you bring in and that's what you gonna get. That works on my nerves, you bein' so buddy-buddy with him. Who's paging you? I'm gonna be sittin' at the titty bar In downtown L.A. till my man over here calls me and gives me the O.K. sign. So you come out with her Robinson's/May bag, go meet Sheronda. Simone peeks out, waits for my man Louis here to give her a signal nobody's watchin'. She leaves the store, gets in her car -- mission accomplished. She waits for you to go in the place where you try things on. She saw you with Sheronda. So Simone goes to the dress department with her Robinson's/May bag. No, you gonna give her a Robinson's/May bag this time? I told her this is a game us rich folks play, exchanging gifts. Like a scavenger hunt. She didn't know what that was neither. No answer? She don't know shit about the money. She won't have no problems 'cause she don't know nothin'. Man, I don't like that part. Now, hold on there. I ain't pullin' no shit. It's my money, I can do whatever the fuck I wanna do with it. Well, you weren't supposed to be there. How do you know she did that? What the hell you talkin' bout? Drink? I ain't gonna send no roc whore. The woman's cool, I promise. What'd you care? Uh-huh. I can do that. I'll give ya ten. Managers get ten percent. Yeah, but it's my money, and I don't need me a partner. I suppose you see a piece of this for yourself? I got the woman covered. Where you thinkin' about doin' this? So we need two people, two women. And they follow the wrong one thinkin' she's bringing it to me. But you don't? Yeah, I think a woman. A woman. Who? That's a good idea. Naw, naw, that's too much exposure. I ain't goin anywhere near that money. What did they say? What the fuck's that got to do with it? You told them that? Didja tell 'em anything else? Well, shit. That don't mean you gotta confirm it! You told em? You told em it's me? How the fuck they know that? You a fine lookin' woman, Jackie. I bet you do a damn sight better than okay. You think anybody followed you? I bet you come here on a Saturday night, you need nigga repellent keep 'em off your ass. Oh, wait, you mean that place that has the big sign with a rooster on it? The Cockatoo Inn? Where's that? Talk to you tomorrow. Yeah. I got a problem... Yeah? Baby, I didn't -- I just came here to talk. I'm tellin' you, those cops been fuckin' wit your mind. They turn black against black, that's how they do. I understand woman, damn! Baby, I ain't come here -- She shoves both guns in Ordell's back. Damn, Jackie, I was just playin' with you. Now, baby, that's got nothin' to do with you. I just carry that. You been listenin' to them cops too much. What the hell you doin'? I think it's a gun pressing against my dick. This fella Beaumont, they say what happened to him? Yeah? I knew it. You positive about that? You weren't nervous and let something slip by mistake? If you did, I ain't mad, I just gotta know. And what was your answer? I'magine they asked who you givin' it to, too. Hey, you get caught with blow, that's your business. Who you think got your ass outta jail? Well, then, why don't you be a good hostess and make me a screwdriver? Got some o.j.? How you doing, Ms. Jackie? Oh, you gonna tell me the reason you lost all the goddam money I got in the world! Let me tell you the reason, motherfucker! The reason is, your ass ain't worth a shit no more! Man, I don't want to hear your fuckin' excuses! You know the motherfucker's a bail bondsman, don't ya? You know every last one of them motherfuckers is crooked as hell? Hell, yes, they know each other. He bonded her out of county. You see Max Cherry in the dress department. We're about to be handed half-a-million dollars -- Man, look at me when I'm talking to you! And you don't think nothing of him being there! You gonna tell me who it was? Tell me. What? Or... ...she gave it to somebody else first, before Melanie went in the dressing room. Then she throws forty thousand in here, to rub the shit in my face, know what I'm saying? She wants me to know she ripped me off. If there were nothin; in here but towels, maybe she didn't get a chance to take it from her suitcase and A.T.F. got it. But, she put these fuckin' books in here to trick our ass. 'fore I blow that bitch's brains out, I'll ask her. Okay, so it was Jackie Brown. What'd you shoot her with? Pull the car over. You sure she ain't somewhere with a half-a-million dollars I worked my ass off to earn? Where you shot her. Then what? Louis, You tellin' me the truth? How long was she in there? Came outta where? So you light, ain't you. You light about a half-a-million. Maybe forty, maybe not that much. Where's the rest of it? Louis? Well, if you had to do it, you had to do it. What we don't want is that bitch surviving on us. Anybody but that woman. Where did you shoot her? So you're sure she's dead. You shot her twice? You couldn't just hit her? Couldn't talk to her? You shot Melanie? So what, you left her there. You keep drivin' down Ninth, to where they got all them car dealerships. We're gonna leave this heap in a parking lot and get one the cops don't know about. Hey, where's Melanie? Not now, pick me up. Melanie must be dyin' to see it. Louis. When I see you. Pick me up at Sam's. You count the money? Did you get it? Go in there, snatch her by the hair, and drag her big ass out. This is my goddam money we're talking about. Get your ass out the door. Well, you the one in motherfuckin' charge. Hang it up, she's on her way. You gotta listen to this. This involves you. I told you, man. She my fine little surfer gal. You can't trust Melanie. But you can always trust Melanie to be Melanie. I don't hafta trust her, I know her. 'Cause she my fine little surfer gal. She can't do me no harm. Fact she think she can play you against me shows how little she knows. You could teach that bitch for days how it is 'tween me an you, she never understand a damn word. You didn't even hafta say it. I know the woman. She tryin' to work your ass against me, ain't she? If this is about you fucked Melanie, I don't give a damn. I ain't a fool. I leave you alone with a bitch like Melanie, you're gonna be fuckin' that twenty minutes after I'm out the door. So say "thank you" and I'll tell you, "you're welcome." Hell, yeah. To her dumb country ass, Compton is Hollywood. Close as she's ever been, anyway. She one of the women I got set up. I got Melanie in Hermosa Beach. I rent Simone a small house in Compton, and about four blocks away I got me this nineteen-year-old country girl named Sheronda. I found her waitin' for a bus two days outta Alabama, barefoot, country as a chicken coop. Took her to my house in Compton, told her it was Hollywood. Sure. Over half-million dollars worth of merchandise. But you did have a Salvation Army- thing going. So we on the same page then? He put himself in a situation where he was gonna have to do ten years in the penetentiary, that's what he did. And if you know Beaumont, you know there ain't no way in hell he can do no ten years. And if you know that, you know Beaumont's gonna go any goddam thing Beaumont can to keep from doin' those ten years including telling the Federal government everything they want to know about my ass. Now that, my friend, is a clear case of him or me. And you best believe it ain't gonna be me. You know what I'm sayin'? You gonna come in on this with me, you gotta be prepared to go all the way. I got me so far over a half-a-million dollars sittin' in lockboxes in a bank in Cabo San Lucas. Me and Mr. Walker make us one more delivery, I'm gonna have me over a million. You think I'm gonna let this little cheese eatin' nigga here fuck that up? Shit, you better think again. 'Fore I let this deal get fucked up, I'll shoot that nigga in the head, and ten niggas look just like em. Understand what I'm sayin'? An employee I had to let go. That was Beaumont. Then put your goddam drawers on, and get your ass out here. I got somethin' to show you. Naw, man. I just told you, I'm comfortable. I ain't about to walk into that roach motel and get uncomfortable. You bring your ass out here. Uh-huh. I'm talkin' to you from the comfy- cozy interior of an Oldsmobile parked outside your nasty-ass welfare motel. I know you don't know. I said guess. Guess where I am? Whatcha watchin'? Louis, my man. Watcha doin'? Now play the volume as loud as you want but don't touch my levels. I got them set just the way I want 'em. You ain't got to do nothing. Just point at it and push the button. You'll hear the car go "bleep." That means the alarm's off and the doors are open. This one's for the ignition... ...but you gotta hit this thing to shut the alarm off and unlock the door. Take the keys, man. Listen to music. Sure. We almost done, ain't we? I get out. Spend the rest of my life spending. Louis, this is it, man. I'm gonna make me a million dollars out of this. I already got me a half-a- million sittin' in Mexico. When I do this last delivery, I'm gonna make me another half-million. I got me five M-60 machine guns. These came straight from the Gulf War. I sold me three of them so far, twenty grand a piece. That's what I been tellin' you. Start adding these motherfuckin' figures up, and you tell me this ain't a business to be in. As low as two. See, what did I tell you? Man in New York wants a 9 millimeter Smith and Wesson Model 5946. Why does he want it? It's the gun that nigga on "New York Undercover" uses. Because of that nigga, I can sell it to this nigga for twelve-fifty. Thanks, Baby. You better be, motherfucker. You sure? Now, is there anything you want to tell me before we get out of this car? She starts givin' me some bullshit about it ain't there. It's somewhere else and we can go get it. I'm shootin' you in the head right then and there. Then I'm gonna shoot her in the kneecap, find out where my godamn money is. I go walkin' in there and that nigga Winston or anybody else is in there, you're the first man shot, understand what I'm sayin'? My money's in that office, right? I know where to turn. I know where it is. I call your office, she better answer the phone. By herself. That big mandingo nigga Winston ain't there, is he? That's why she's givin' up my money huh? Not that bullshit about Melanie. I didn't trust her ass neither, but I knew how to handle her. She was my blonde-headed little surfer gal. I fuckin' told Louis he could've just given her a punch in the mouth, he didn't need to shoot her. She's at your office. You expect me to just walk in there? Call her, tell her the combination. Have her bring the money here. That I gotta see. She wanted to see me, why wasn't she home? And where's Jackie? You get used to it after a while. Now tell me where my money's at. My ass be dumb, but I'm not a dumbass. Go sit over there on the couch. And you did that to protect my interest? Lift up your pant leg. You help her? I'd like to hear that too. Turn around and put your hands on your head. Well, give it to me then. Well, bully for that nigga. You say she wants to give me the money, huh? How the fuck did he find me? How'd you find me? You know what the fuck I'm talkin' about. You talk to her? That's all? Git your ass in here. You keep fuckin' with me, you're gonna be asleep forever. What the fuck you doin' knockin on the door like the goddamn police? You lookin' to get shot? Looky here, I know you helped her and I know you know what I want. Jackie can tell me any story come in that pretty head of hers. Long as at the end of that story, she hands over my money. She do that, we're still friends. Now, she don't wanna be my friend no more, tell her to think about ol' Louis. And if she tries to turn me in, I'll name her ass as my accessory. We'll go upstate together. Hand in handcuffed hand. Now that shit's a promise, understand what I'm sayin'? You tell her that, and I'll call you back. She got off, huh? You know who this is? What's up with this shit. Is that what I think it is? Falsely accused of Intent. If she had that shit -- and mind you, I said "if" -- it was just her shit to get high with. Just listen for a second. We got a forty-year-old, gainfully employed black woman, falsely accused -- Man, you need to look at this with a little compassion. Jackie ain't no criminal. She ain't used to this kinda treatment. I mean, gangsters don't give a fuck -- but for the average citizen, coupla nights in County fuck with your mind. Man, you know I'm good for it. Thousand bucks ain't shit. I got it. I just don't got it on me. Jackie ain't got time for all that shit -- Why would a stewardess bring me fifty grand? If there's no -- what do you call it -- confidentiality between us? Why would I tell you anything? Is this, me and you, like a lawyer- client relationship? The lawyer can't tell nothing he hears? That's what the police thought. I told them I'm unemployed, how could I have anybody work for me? Now I bail out Jackie, I'm liable to have the police on me again, huh? Wanting to know was she doing things for me, was she bringing me that money! Who says she does anything for me? She's my friend. When my friends get into trouble, I like to help 'em out. Brown, Jackie Brown. Very first motherfuckin' thing they did. They see I put up a big money bond on my boy, they start thinking with that where-there's-smoke-there's fire logic. They roust my ass outta bed, ten o'clock in the morning. Fuckin' scare my woman, Sherona, half to death. She thought they were gonna take my ass away for sure. Somebody with a grudge blew Beaumont's brains out -- hey, that rhymes -- blew Beaumont's brains out. You didn't hear? Somebody already did. She had, I believe it was... fifty grand on her, too. There was a cop at the hearing. Young guy with L.A.P.D. wanted her bond set at twenty- five thousand, saying there was a risk of flight. Jackie being a stewardess and all. They fuckin' wit' her. They callin' it Possession with Intent. A black woman in her forties gets busted with less than two ounces on her, they call that shit Intent. Same shit happened to a movie star. It's Possession. She is an airline stewardess. Got caught coming back from Mexico with some blow. They set her bond this afternoon at ten thousand. Now, what I was thinkin', you could use the ten thousand you owe me from Beaumont and move it over on to the stewardess. I got some more business for ya. The door was opened, so I just came right in. I was wondering. What if before the court date gets here, Beaumont gets hit by a bus or something and dies. I get my money back, don't I? Hey, Max. Beaumont ain't going nowhere. Where do I sign? House. Ordell Robbie. O-R-D-E-L-L. R-O-B-B- I-E. 1436 Florence Boulevard. Compton 90222. Man, he won't like that. Beaumont don't got a doin' time disposition. Will they consider this a violation of his probation? Haven't a clue. You don't say. Livingston, huh? You go wait in the car. Wait a minute. Beaumont. That's the only name I know. You think you could do that? They ran his name and got a hit. He's been in before. Fella named Beaumont. They have him up at county. It started out drunk driving, but they wrote it up "possession of a concealed weapon." Dumb monkey-ass had a pistol on him. I know that. C'mon, you know how they do. Black man comes in with ten thousand, they wanna fuck with 'em. First off, they gonna wanna know where I got it. Second, they gonna keep a big chunk of it -- start talkin' that court cost shit. Fuck that shit, Jack. I'll go through you. It's in my bag. Gonna have to put up cash. It was our idea to take the picture, wasn't it? He's a big one. You two tight? Where would you like me to put my ash? Try not to rip his clothes off 'em they're new. Hope you don't mind keeping him company. Hello. Hey, Jackie... No, Jackie, I didn't get your message. Ha-ha-ha. I'm serious, you smoke too much of that shit. That shit robs you of your ambition. We been shoppin'. Can't have my boy running around lookin' like a bum on the street. We're back. Who is it? Get that for me, will ya baby? Give me his home number. He leave town? Let me speak to Max Cherry.With the prior? You could get anywhere from a year to five depending on the judge. You want to think about it? You got two minutes before we're up. And cooperate? You might get probation. I beg your pardon? Well, that's the State's offer. If you plead to possession and tell L.A.P.D. what they want to know, your bond will be set at one-thousand dollars. If you don't, L.A.P.D. will request one at twenty-five thousand based on your prior record and risk of flight. If you don't post it or don't know anyone who can, you'll spend six to eight weeks in County before your arraignment comes up.Sure thing. I don't have to know what I'm doing, long as you know. Cops can't locate him, huh? Have fun. Watcha gonna see? Hold on a minute. Where you going? I'll give you his beeper. He's around. He ain't here right now. Cherry Bail Bonds.