Do not worry, Holiness. They fight for you. They are under your protection. Khambas are wild men. Kham, Holiness. Yes, Holiness. Please, come, Holiness. We must go, Holiness.I know. No cried? Cow. Tell me. Mama, my story.Goodbye, Kundun. Hmmm. I will buy them for you. Where will you keep them? I do, beautiful horses. Thank you, Holiness. I do, now. Are you? Of whom? No. Not the way to talk to people. I am sorry, Lhamo.Then, we will begin with replacing the Tibetan flag with the flag of the Motherland. Plans for absorbing the Tibetan army into the People's Army will soon be finalized. To protect. To serve you. Chairman Mao wants you to feel that China belongs to you now. How much tea do you drink, Prime Minister? The People's Liberation Army pays for all food and lodging. We want 2,000 more tons of barley distributed. We are simply respecting the terms of the Seventeen Point Agreement. You must also do something about the public meetings. I see this, memorandum circulating, with Tibetan grievances.Good. Our first request is that you allow us to build a road. You have no roads in Tibet. We can discuss the plans in Lhasa. When you return. Do you have plans to return soon, Dalai Lama? I have a copy for you. Have you heard the terms of the Seventeen Point Agreement? We bring greetings from Chairman Mao. Dalai Lama.Your Prime Ministers, support the proposal that you return to Lhasa. On the opposite hand, some officials urge you not to return. They believe you should leave now, for India. General Chiang Chin-wu, the Chinese representative, is en route to Dromo. He is coming to meet you. Holiness? Ngabo did not have the state seal. He could not sign. Yes. Not yet, but the Governor of Chamdo, Ngabo Jigme, suggests we must negotiate and offers to go to Peking. I am afraid. Yes. Most of the Chamdo region is now in Chinese hands. There is a report from Chamdo which makes quite clear that, unless some settlement can soon be reached, Communist troops will soon be marching on Lhasa. The United Nations voted not to hear our appeal. Of the Tibetan delegations sent abroad, all have been turned away. We did not. The Tibetans were introduced as delegates from the "Chinese region of Tibet". We protested this reference and demanded a letter rebutting it. Very complicated, Holiness. Let me tell you current news. The Chinese have launched a deceptive campaign aimed at convincing the world that Tibet belongs to China. We sent a mission to the Chinese National Conference. Our attendance was a grave mistake. It is calm. He has been imprisoned, here in the Potala, Holiness.Not until you are eighteen. You can't do anything real until you are Dalai Lama. What do you think? You could buy them.We are now accused of aiding the rebels. The Chinese said we can expect drastic measures to be taken to crush this revolt. I will alert the Chinese delegation. You know, I would never have let you go alone, Kundun. The crowd will not disperse until you give your assurance that you will not attend the Chinese festivities. Many who have been invited to dine with the Chinese do not return home. They will take Lhasa next. Non-violence means co-operation when it is possible. Resistance, when it is not. The Communists put their guns in the hands of the Khamba children and force the child to kill the parent. They have dropped bombs on the monastery of Lithang in Kham. It has been destroyed. Women and children, trying to escape from the fighting, have been shot with machine guns, fired from airplanes. Land reform is underway in Amdo. The large estates are being confiscated and redistributed. Landlords are being punished. The Khamba's gun is his most prized possession. I admire them so. They face a modern, well equipped army, and still, they fight. Did you ever doubt it? Shall we consult the protective deities, Holiness? The Chinese would see such a pact as an open declaration of war. It is unlikely. America, perhaps. There is great anti-communist feeling in America. Your prime minsters would argue that such negotiations should take place in Lhasa. In the Americas. One country did sponsor the resolution. A land called "El Salvador". The radio contact said one officer had died. Then he said, "The Chinese soldiers -- they are coming." And then, the radio went dead. Eight thousand, five hundred, soldiers and officers. We have recently requested mortars, anti-aircraft guns and ammunition from India. We have several hundred in the area. Quite simple. Yes. Good. America, we shall see. Britain chooses not to. India is a newly independent nation. They are struggling. India is in no position to help us. Yes. As a free country. But our attempts have proven futile. We continue to be badly outmaneuvered by the Chinese. The war is over. This is a time in when nations are redefining themselves. Ask whatever you will. You are the man who wrote this letter. You are the man who has come back to lead us. You will soon have great responsibilities. You must know what to do. I am sorry for you to have to witness this, Kundun. When it is time. He warned about the future of Tibet. I do not know, Holiness. It is an island. American territory. In the Pacific Ocean. No. This war is almost over. No. Not very big. Roughly five thousand men. May I listen to the news with you, Holiness?Thank you. We are traveling to Lhasa. May we...? Good day.You have a lot to learn about organization. How to draw out people's opinions. How to make key decisions. Train your young Tibetans. When I make contact with you, I want to reach you through a Tibetan. Yes, I am aware. How has your time in China been? Ah, Dalai Lama, thank you for coming so late. Have a sweet. Made in my home province. The kind my mother used to make. You know, I have great respect for your Lord Buddha. He was anti-caste. Anti-corruption. Anti-exploitation. For some, politics and religion can mix. Good. Very good. Tibet is a great country. A wonderful history. Long ago, you even conquered part of China. But now you have fallen behind and we want to help you. In twenty years time you could be ahead of us. Then it will be your turn to help China. It is too early to implement all the clauses of the Seventeen Point Agreement. We will establish a Preparatory Committee for the Autonomous Region of Tibet. The pace of reform must meet with the desires of the Tibetan people. Changes must be made slowly, as you, yourself, judge necessary. You must inform me at once if any of our people abuse the Tibetans trust and good nature.What does the butter spot feel like? True. Is that a true story, or pretend? Does he have the spot?You have grown up very good. We have had fun, you and I. Fun for a little boy in an old palace. You must study very hard, do not neglect the holy things during this time. The people will cry when they learn you are gone. But they would all want you safe. No, Holiness. Oh, but you do, Kundun. Who else would be here? These are dangerous times. They want the Dalai Lama to lead them. The people want you made Dalai Lama. Reting Rinpoche has been arrested. He tried to overthrow Regent Taktra. Today, he is brought back to Lhasa by government officials. The monks at Sera Monastery have been on his side. Now, there is trouble between them and the army. Ahh. Ahh. Yes. We have enemies. I would not know. Maybe. But you are not a shepherd, you are the Dalai Lama. You cannot. You can only go with attendants and a big ceremony. As you say. It is a story, you decide. She carried a basket in her arms, a big, heavy basket, and the old monk cautiously approached. She opened her basket and showed what she had. Heads. Human heads. Only the heads. Things change, Kundun. I have smarter men. I am braver.It may not be your decision to make. You are in great danger. The Dalai Lama cannot fall into Chinese hands. You must flee. These are not human beings. They are worse than ghosts. This is not a fight to put bread just in one's own mouth. This is a fight for Tibet. The Chinese have one goal. The complete dissolution of our nation. The destruction of our culture. There is no room for Buddha in their world. Our only hope is to fight. I do. Don't eat all those sweets. You'll get sick. Eliminate you. They think they have convinced me. They think I am on their side. They have allowed me to leave Kumbum and come to Lhasa believing that I will try to turn you to their ways. If I do not succeed, I am to eliminate you.Doubt is an affliction. Reliquish it. Accept. It is a difficult situation. What would you do, Holiness? Completely. It is possible, Holiness.I worry about them. Your people are very brave. They are fighting the Chinese. No one can stop them. Not even me. Where are you from? All quiet? Yes. I am ready. A moment. No! Can I free the prisoners? Here. We'll collect them. Will you buy the sheep for me? And you have horses? You love horses. But, I am in charge. Can I do anything I want? It is alright, Father. Soon. I have. Thank you. Please sit. General Chiang. If I were to go into exile, could we expect any serious assistance, from India, suppose? Then, we shall meet. Yes. Yes, but they say he did. Time to study. He is a capable man. I want at all costs to avoid this. Do we have news from the delegation in China? With much bloodshed. So, we must face China and all her might alone. And the United Nations? Surely? All? Did you receive the letter? The Sera monks have surrendered? I need to squeeze this brain. The causes of suffering arise from true sources. Attachment, desire, envy, hatred, greed, unkindness, wrong view and so forth -- these are some causes of suffering. True suffering arises from contaminated actions and afflictions. Birth, illness, grief, old age, poverty, pain, death -- these are surferings. The Four Noble Truths, as taught by the Lord Sakyamuni Buddha are: The Truth of Suffering The Truth of the Cause of Suffering, The Truth of the Cessation of Suffering, the Truth of the Way which leads to the cessation of Suffering. I am him. Do you have money? Do I have money? Can I save the sheep from going to the market? So they don't die. Arrange for me to speak to the people's leaders. I will not go. The people will not allow it. The pursuit of non-violence. Very difficult. I have always asked for plain information. Just the truth. A beggar can be called a landlord if he disapproves of the Chinese. I ask them to stop, to lay down their guns. I had relinquished doubt. My first and foremost duty is to protect my people. I feel sure of this. And, things change. Maybe not right away, maybe not soon. But I believe this -- things will change. I am scared. Tibet, at war? No. China is close, America is far away. After countless people die, China would still, always, be close. We will work with what we have. At this point, the most likely result of a foreign pact is war. And then they would concede that the times are desperate and we must go to Peking. Agreed. Send Ngabo. Is that all? Where is that? Has anyone died? What is the size of our army, now? I shall send a letter to America, to the President, informing him of our problem. Ask the Chinese mission to leave our country. Immediately. And, America? Britain? Can India help us? So, Tibet, too, needs to define itself. What is the danger from the Chinese, now? I need to know what you know. I am no longer a child. What can I do? I am only a boy. Look here! Tell me. What was the warning of the Thirteenth Dalai Lama? Where is Alsace? Will we ever be in war? Will we be in this war? The Regent is adding men. And he bought rifles and ammunition from India. Mountain guns, too. Is that big? How big is Tibet's army? Please. Always. I have been greatly impressed by your accomplishments. Industrial progress. Great efficiency. Your people are capable and courteous. I leave tomorrow. For me, I think such a mix is crucial. I am happy to hear you say this, Chairman Mao. I have created a reform committee to investigate grievances and we have abolished Inherited Tax, and forgiven all money owed the Government by people who are unable to pay. I have great hopes for the future of our co-operation. Do you think I must? You will always! But you will always be here? He was always nice to me. He found me. He saw me in his dreams. Is he a bad man? Norbu says he is "lavish" and "willful". "How can he give you monk's vows if he has not kept them himself?" Soft. Nice. I have a good friend back in Lhasa. You decide. What do you think? He does, a little spot where the butter had been. This little brother was terribly sweet. When he died, my mother was so sad. A lama said to her, before the little brother was laid out for burial, take a bit of butter and rub a spot on his skin. He will come back to you, you will see. So, my mother did this, and a few years later, a new boy was born. And you have grown older and your chin has grown balder. We have. I will miss you. Am I running away? You will not come? But, I have no experience. Then, I am lucky. I am still too young. Why is this? What is happening? Tell me! This is Tibet. And this is China. Where is Poland? This is Britain. But, surely, we are safe in Tibet. We don't believe in killing. The Chinese. Maybe in the next life, the world will not need a Dalai Lama. I want to be a shepherd, taking those goats and cows out to the hillside. I want to run down the street. I want to buy a toy. Eat from the shops. I want to go down there. Pretend. Is that true or pretend? Why is your beard so funny? Let me touch this. I have more men. And after the game, we're going to trade. You just stay over there, no, there!, Norbu, and I will shoot at you. I want your land. I take it. I am stronger. I'm on a big mountain and hitting at the bad men. How could I ever leave? Buddha teaches that we must learn from our enemy. We have compassion for all people. We cannot. I remember, too, actually. I was frightened then. I am frightened now. Do you remember the day I came to your monastery, when I was a baby? And you comforted me? You, kill me? Tell me. I mean, my doubt. Why me? Am I Him? What should I do about my doubt, Teacher? If we agree that we are part of China, nothing else will matter. Not trade, not defense. We will be lost. Good. Where is Reting Rinpoche now? You are unharmed? Taktra Rinpoche, I understand there was an attempt on your life. Like my mother. Much too young. No. Does he treat you fairly? Hmm. Did you love your husband, before you married?