You wanna get me a fuckin' snitch jacket? Till 19-fucking-70. What do you want, Mr. Policeman? What's it to you?No. Now. You fucked him. So tell me about it. You gonna tell me what happened with you and Exley? How'd you get to know so much about him? I want to know about Exley. Did you talk to Exley? That simple, huh? I used to. What I do now is strong-arm. Sitting duck stuff... No, I don't like it. If I could work Homicide like a real detective... Yeah. But not for long. When I was ten, my old man threw a bottle at my mother. I guess I got in the way. It's Bud. Forget I asked. It was a mistake. I don't know. Look. I want to see you again. He had you cut to look like Veronica Lake? You look better than Veronica Lake. Now, Pierce Patchett . Yeah, just like the half dozen guys you screwed today. I'm not sure. When they deserve it. Yeah. You fuck for money. Maybe I'm just fucking curious. Miss Bracken, don't ever try to fucking bribe me or threaten me or I'll have you and Patchett in shit up to your ears. You want some advice, Miss Bracken? Tell me about Patchett. How'd she meet Patchett? Did Lefferts have a boyfriend? Why was Susan Lefferts at the Nite Owl? Yeah I know. Patchett's running whores and judging by his address, probably something bigger on the side. He doesn't want any attention. You use words like that, you might make me mad. Have you ever heard of Dick Stensland? Are you sorry she's dead? Yeah, plain scotch. Somebody hit you? That obvious, huh? Merry Christmas. Sure, boss. Sure you can. You lost me, Dudley. I don't know what you're talking about. What work? Give me one minute. How'd you get them to retract? Of course... But how? Homicide? A detective? How? I knew you had juice, but... There's no goddamn bill on me? Doing what? Mowing your fucking lawn? What do you want ? Him and me both. Fucking Exley . He helped me out once. That's all. What's going to happen to Stensland? He'll give himself cirrhosis over this. He's one year from his pension . Yeah, I hate them. Dudley, what do you want? Captain, what do you want? Does that paper say we've been indicted? Does it say Exley's a hero for squealing me and Stensland off? This business, Captain? What are you talking about? What? That new mystery girl you've been seeing? Yeah, sure... I got a couple of hours before I have to be at the Victory. Want to grab a beer? I got to write my report first. You know him? Yeah. A great big one. Easy. Tell me about the ruckus. What's through here? You said a neighbor heard a ruckus. Was it outside, inside? Look at a picture for me. Stens? Was it Stens? What was that boyfriend's name? Ma'am, I'm sure she was. Tell me about the boyfriend she had. The one you mentioned at the morgue. Five minutes. That's all. Mrs. Lefferts, I'm Officer White with the L.A.P.D. I'd like to ask a couple of questions. I spent years trying not to live down to mine. A lot of bad stuff happened here. It's as good a place as any for it to end. You wanted to meet here? They never made a match on the shotgun serial numbers. What if Breuning and Carlisle took them from the evidence room? Couple of cold pieces that had been hanging around a year or two. If I let you go, there'll be ten more lawyers to take your place tomorrow. They just won't come on the bus, that's all. What about him? Lynn . At least not anymore. He had help getting up there. Two of his fingers are broken. Patchett uses a lot of ex-cop muscle. Which one are you and which one am I? There are no rules! Why the fuck are you doing this? The Nite Owl made you. You want to tear all that down. For Jack, for Stensland, for anybody else who got in the way. I've been trying to be smart. A detective. But killing those two fuckers, that would be justice. Let's just kill them. It all keeps coming back to Dudley. Dudley's guys. Dudley. Somebody got wind of it, killed them all. Then something goes wrong. Meeks gets killed. Maybe Stens got greedy, killed Meeks and left him under his girlfriend's house. The night he died, Stens was all mysterious. Said he had something big going down. Johnny Stompanato told me when Meeks disappeared, he was trying to move the 18 pounds of heroin that went missing when Deuce Perkins was shot. I knew Stensland and Meeks knew each other. Meeks was with Sue Lefferts on Christmas Eve. The night I met Lynn. Lefferts' mother I.D.ed Stensland as Lefferts' boyfriend, but Stens pretended he didn't know either one of them. Lynn. It'll look like justice. That's what that fat fuck got. Justice . Get the fuck away from me. One in six. Where's the girl? What happened? Yeah, that's Stens. Where are we going? I got her address. That's why her mother couldn't I.D. her... Jesus fucking Christ. What little studio? You wanna go downtown and discuss this officially? Why were Lefferts' eyes black? That's right. No. I don't have one. Lefferts looked beat-up Christmas Eve, but didn't act it. How come? Thanks, but no thanks. Where's the other guy? Buzz. Sue Lefferts died at the Nite Owl. I'm investigating. We met outside Hollywood Liquors on Christmas Eve. This is where Lynn Bracken's booze bills go. Officer White. How about Susan Lefferts? You know her? Richard Stensland. I'm a homicide detective. Where were you last night? Are you Pierce Patchett? I'm not asking you. He's under a tract house in San Berdoo. And he don't smell too good. What happened to the heroin, Johnny? Bullshit. Where would a two-bit ex-cop get 18 pounds of heroin? How 'bout I give you your balls back? More. His file listed you as a known associate. Now spill. You remember an ex-cop named Buzz Meeks? He works for a guy named Patchett. I ain't your paesano , you wop cocksucker. And you fuck people up for a living. That don't make me you. Capisce , shitbird? It's like they knew they were going to kill everyone before they went in... It doesn't exactly play like dumb panic. Ear plugs . But she's moving away from the door. Who was sitting at this table? If she was sitting here, then it's facing the wrong way. What are these smears in the blood? Whose shoe? Anything off. Anything that didn't make sense. I'm tying up loose ends. Padding my report. You know how it goes. I got a few Nite Owl questions.All right, Ed. Call Sergeant Vincennes. Ed, you're 30. Your father didn't make lieutenant until he was 33. And I'll promote you. You'll be a lieutenant immediately. I want to know who we give the public in contrast? The department needs role models. Clean-cut, forthright men the public can admire. Ed, your observations have been astute. What's your assessment of this situation?I don't have time. I have -- Someone must've pulled the records. Nothing. More or less. I got the rap sheets on the black guys, sir. Coates and Jones got charges a mile long. But except for some kid stuff, Fontaine's clean.Ty and Larry fuck with that shit, not me. I got nothin' more to say till I see a judge. Say what? I don't own no shotguns. Man, what're you saying? Dogs got no reason to live. You ain't woofin' I did. Stupid down home niggers got no more sense than a fuckin' dog. Man, why're you talkin' about Larry? His business is his business. Believed what? I never truck with no sissies! Man, why do you keep asking me that? Say what and so what.Some ferstunkener is moving in and we don't know who?! Maybe we should ask Hedda Hopper! And what about the merchandise Deuce was holding for me? I don't want a floor plan; I want to know who! Who's taking the ticket for this, Johnny? What do you mean Deuce Perkins got clipped last night?!You have your extracurricular secrets, I have mine. We'll hold a clarification session soon. For now, I need your fearsome old habits at the Victory Motel. We're going to brace a man who may know who killed Jack Vincennes. Can I count on you? Imagine crime limited to the criminal element who perpetrate it. Imagine the means to keep the nigger filth sedated. But don't stop there. Extrapolate. Imagine the police in control. It's big, lad. I've long been involved in containing hard crime in such a way that myself and a few colleagues might someday enjoy a profit dispensation. That day will soon be here and you'll share handsomely. Grand means will be in our hands, Wendell. You're perplexing to me these days, Wendell. You're not your old, cruel self anymore. I need proof that the extracurricular work I had planned for you remains within your grasp. You've got it, Wendell. How what, Wendell? Will you work for me? I need you for an assignment the Chief's given me the go-ahead on. A duty few men are fit for, but you were born for. You'll be working out of Homicide. Four of the defendants recanted their testimony. They're yours. Take them. Wendell, I want you to come to work for me. Don't underestimate his skills. As a politician he exceeds even myself. But the department needs smart men like Exley and... direct men like yourself Your partner's through. Department scapegoat on the Chief's orders. He's been billed, he'll be indicted and he'll swing. It would've happened years ago if you hadn't carried him. Why the loyalty, Wendell? And for good reason judging from what I know of your background. Lad, I admire your refusal to testify and your loyalty to your partner. I admire you as a policeman, particularly your adherence to violence as a necessary adjutant to the job. And I am most impressed with your punishment of wife beaters. Do you hate them, Wendell? Call me Dudley. He made his play amd he got what he wanted. They're making him a detective. Say goodnight to your friend and join me by those back tables. Lad, may I have a word with you? And? Reciprocity, Mr. Hudgeons, is the key to all relationships. And? Alright. We'll drop that line for now. Next topic. Please comment on Pierce Patchett. But you were business associates? It's for your own safety. Now what can you tell us about Sergeant John Vincennes? This is Mr. Hudgeons, Wendell. Really ? Would you be willing to rig crime scene evidence to support a prosecuting attorney's working hypothesis? Why not, lad? Absolute justice? Absolutely. Prostitution and gambling are victimless crimes. The heroin we'll run down to the coloreds. Anesthetize them. As long as it's not a middle class problem, no one will care. It's still a crime free city... for respectable people. A vacuum, Edmund. That's what we have in Los Angeles. Sending Mickey Cohen up created it. My containment work maintained it. Certain photographs guarantee it. Organized crime has been held back, but there's still a demand for the services it provides. Jack was a shame, but Dick Stensland had the audacity to try to sell me my own heroin. Through his whore girl friend. I sent him to make the buy. The rest is history. I'm loathe to kill my brother officers, Edmund. Anonymous. Probably nothing. There always are. But there are also three men and three guns. Matched forensically. A few loose ends don't matter. Don't get sidetracked. Stay with the Nite Owl. Ed, I want confessions. Get on it. Why? It's mine. I'll make you my second in command. Edmund, you don't want it and you can't have it. You should stay away from a man when his blood is up. So be it. You'll reap the benefits, but are you truly prepared to be despised within the department? No, Edmund. He's a man who can answer yes to those questions I ask you from time to time. Stensland's a disgrace. Straight D fitness reports from every C.O. he ever served under. But White is a valuable officer. At least get rid of the glasses. I can't think of one Bureau man who wears them. Then for God's sake, don't be a detective. Stick to assignments where you won't have to make those choices. Patrol, Internal Affairs, but not the Bureau. Would you be willing to shoot hardened criminals in the back to offset the chance -- Would you be willing to beat confessions out of suspects you knew to be guilty? Would you be willing to rig crime scene evidence to support a prosecuting attorney's working hypothesis...? Yes or no, Edmund. Answer yes or no. Am I...? Would you be willing to plant corroborative evidence on a suspect you knew was guilty in order to ensure an indictment? You'll make lieutenant inside a year. Patrol division? That was his favorite toast. I saw the test results on the lieutenant's exam. You placed first out of twenty-three. Not even with Exley? Have you discussed this with anyone else, John? Don't start trying to do the right thing, John. You haven't had enough practice. You're Narco, lad, not Homicide. And since when do you work with Edmund? What's this all about, lad? A disgrace as a policeman. Straight D fitness reports from every C.O. he ever served under. What about him? Lucky for you that my wife and four fair daughters are at the beach in Santa Barbara. John Vincennes. It's three A.M., lad. I think you'll be surprised what Edmund's capable of. John, I doubt you've ever drawn a stupid breath. Don't start now.You know, all I ever wanted was to measure up to my father. You figured this was a set-up? And you showed up anyway? Me? You called it. I got a message that... We should check the records, and, we should talk to Lynn. Bud... Jack thought he was up to his neck in all this. Ellis Loew. Patchett's dead. He sent you after me. I'd say Dudley's tying up his loose ends. We had one thing figured wrong. I don't think Dudley workd for Patchett. It's a suicide note. Says he killed Jack because Jack had figured out a pornography scam Patchett was running. You expecting problems? Let's go see Pierce Patchett. Run a good-cop-bad-cop. With a wrecking ball. You want to help me swing it? Stay smart, Bud. We build a case. We play by the rules. What? Pierce Patchett figures in, too. That's the angle Jack was working. Dudley must work for Patchett. It's Dudley for the Nite Owl. They didn't find the shotguns. They planted them. The first guys to the car when Jack and I got there were Bruening and Carlisle. It wasn't the Negroes. The Griffith Park report was a phony. And, who says the purple Merc was spotted outside the Nite Owl? The Nite Owl! Stensland was going there to sell the heroin. Stensland and Buzz Meeks . Two-man triggers knocking off Mickey Cohen lieutenants. When they killed Deuce Perkins, they got heroin as a bonus. Stensland and Meeks. What were they up to? She told you? Why? You don't know what the word means, you dumb bastard. How's it going to look on your report? A naked guy with a gun? You expect anyone to believe that? Officer White, put down that weapon and -- Someone held up a coffee shop, panicked and killed six people. Hell of a way to avoid a prison sentence. It's a surprise. You like surprises, don't you, White? Jack Vincennes. He's the technical advisor on 'Badge of Honor,' sir. He lives for it. That's the way to get him. I know that, sir. I also know that when he made lieutenant, it was as a detective. I'll testify, sir. I'm not afraid to do what's right. The public demands justice, sir. This was a full-fledged riot of policemen. Shift the guilt to men whose pensions are secured. Force them to retire. But someone has to swing. Indict, try and convict Stensland and Bud White. Secure them jail time. Feed them to the sharks, sir. Protect yourself; protect the department. Just show me where they are! Where are the police academy files? So on active duty, Meeks didn't make an arrest from 1938 to '43. Anything? Until he gunned down six people. Clean? Where do they get their stuff? Come on. Give me one to feed the D.A. Just a little one. Were you on hop? You were passed out when you got arrested. Were you hopped up, Ray? You guys were arrested this morning, but none of you have last night's clothes. You were seen burning them. Add to that the fact that you hid the car you were cruising around in last night and it doesn't look good. Why were you throwing clothes in the building incinerator? Ray, we got the shotguns. Oh? you feel that way about people, too? I heard you like to shoot dogs. Ray, you protected Ty and Larry up in Casitas, didn't you? Nothing, Ray. That Larry, he's a pisser. You did the Casitas Youth Camp with him, didn't you? That fucking Larry. I almost believed him. Just getting my facts straight. Twenty-two makes it a gas chamber bounce. You should have pulled this caper a couple of years ago. Get life, do a little Youth Authority jolt, transfer to Folsom a big man. Orbit on some of that good prison brew, get yourself a sissy -- You look like Robinson after that last LaMotta fight. 'Course LaMotta looked a lot worse. So you're twenty-two, right? Did one of the officers work you over a little? You're twenty-two, aren't you, Ray? Something like that. No . And now you'll provide them. Why? Tell that to Jack Vincennes. To Stensland. No... Where'd the tip come from? Something's wrong. I feel it inside. Doesn't that sound crazy? There are loose ends out there, Dudley. I -- She may still be alive, whoever she is. I'll break them, sir. We got a call earlier on three Negro youths. Firing shotguns in Griffith Park from a late-model purple Mercury Coupe. Yes, I do, sir. Sir, I took the call. It's my case. His blood's always up. Yes, Dudley. I am. White's a mindless thug. I know you mean well, Dudley, but I don't need to do it the way you did. Or my father. No. No. No. I... No. Dudley, we've been over this. You're wrong. I was thinking Detective Bureau. The youngest applicant by eight years. I'm going to Lynn Bracken's. I'll meet you at the Dining Car. What? Yeah. But first I want to brace Stompanato. What's Fleur-de-Lis? Rita Hayworth at the morgue and now Veronica Lake with White. What the hell's going on? What's that for? A third. I don't think we can make a case without Bud White. I want to do it right. I've given up angles for awhile. I just want to solve this thing. Rollo's the reason I became a cop. I wanted to catch the guys who thought they could get away with it. It was supposed to be about truth and justice and Rollo. But somewhere along the way I forgot all that... How about you, Jack? Why'd you become a cop? Rollo was a purse snatcher. My father ran into him off duty. He shot my father six times and got away clean. No one even knew who he was. I made the name up to give him some personality. It's a simple question. Do you make the three Negroes for the Nite Owl killings? Listen, I think I made a mistake, too. You make a mistake? Yesterday yes, today no. What happened last night? It's not a request. I need to know what White knows. Follow him or I'll have you pulled off 'Badge of Honor.' Permanently. I want you to follow Bud White. I need to speak to you. Glasses. Damnit... L.A.P.D. What about you? You're the payoff expert. I'm just doing my duty. Throwing me ? That's right. I get the idea. You got a description? Decorated? What's on the call sheet? We got a dead ex-cop and a girl who looks like Rita Hayworth at the Nite Owl. Another dead ex-cop under the house of Rita's mother. It's not a good week for ex-cops. What are you talking about? The Nite Owl. Anything bothering you about the case? Hold on... We need to canvass. See if a purple Mercury was seen around here tonight. Not good enough. Anything else you want to add before I talk to her? Why's she seeing Bud White? What's her name? Is the Veronica Lake look-alike one of your whores? Bud White's been here? Do you think I ever could've been in the running? Where is he? When? Where will you go? Okay. Look, if it helps, Bud hates himself for what he did. A police captain. I think he's behind all of this. Forget everything else for a second, Lynn. Is there anything you can give me on Dudley Smith? You, me and White, huh? You're the first person to ever call me tough. Why not? Some reality. You cut to the heart of things, don't you? What about Lynn Bracken? She going to be a hooker all her life? I don't hate White. I really don't. It's just, in my business, it's the wild cars you have to watch out for. I'll take your word for it. I want to know why you see him. Is it a Patchett payoff? How about White? You sound like you mean it. How was I? Don't underestimate me, Miss Bracken. Why? Let's concentrate on my smarts. Pierce Patchett made you, didn't he? He taught you how to dress and talk and think and I am very impressed with the results. But I need some answers and if I don't get them, I'm going to take you and Patchett down. Really? What did White say? Miss Bracken, I'm Lieutenant Exley. What's Dudley's scheme? The proof had his throat slit. So far you're not denying it. Without what, his smearing yours first? What's he got on you, Loew? Pictures of you and an out of work actor with your pants down? None. Call it a hunch. I want D.A. bureau men to tail Dudley Smith twenty-four hours a day; I want you to get a judge to authorize a wire tap on his home phone; I want authorization to check his bank records and I want it all in an hour. I don't doubt it -- Oh, God. Under the house. Officer White? Mrs. Lefferts, I just want to ask a few questions. When was the last time you saw her, Mrs. Lefferts?In my car. Blackmail shit. The trunk under the carpet. Patchett got me to photograph a cop fucking this gorgeous cunt Lynn, looks just like Veronicaaa -- He runs call girls. Primo tail. Fixed up like movie stars. And what? Okay. Okay. Everyone knows Patchett's worth a boat-load of greenbacks. From aviation, freeway construction. But the man has hobbies, too. He bankrolls B movies under the table and runs movie star look-alike hookers. And try this on: he's rumored to be a periodic heroin sniffer. All in all a powerful behind-the- scenes strange-o. Okay so we worked together. It was an information exchange. I got him first class collars and he got me good stories. We were friends for Chrissakes! What does that have to do -- Take it easy! I didn't have anything to do with him getting killed if that's what you mean. Trashcan Jack. The Big V. I can tell you he's on the Night Train to the big adios. I'm happy to cooperate. You don't need to tie me down. I put Reynolds in the cab myself. The night cost me a hundred scoots and I got bupkis. Jesus. Jack, that's a story. 'Swish Actor Gets The Gay Blade.' Let me get my camera. You didn't get my message? It got called off. The kid chickened out at the last minute. What happened with the kid and Loew? What's wrong, Trash? Give me some Narco skinny. I want to put out an all hop-head issue. Shvartze jazz musicians and movie stars. Maybe tie it into the Rosenbergs. You like? Jackie! You got some good scoop for the Sidster? Jackie, all I know is what you know. The man is very rich. And he's invested in freeway construction so he's gonna get a lot richer. But that's it. Patchett's what I like to call 'Twilight.' He ain't queer, he ain't Red, he can't help me in my quest for prime sinuendo. Where'd you hear that? He's queer too. Metro paid him two grand a week to fake it with ingenues. On screen and off. I'm getting him to fuck the D.A. for a hundred bucks. That's twice the fifty you got for wrecking his career. How'd you like a little payback? Not to mention a donation to the widows and orphans fund. Did you know Loew was a swish? You tight with the D.A., trash? The Grauman's Chinese pot bust. He just got off the honor farm. Down around my ankles. You're back, boychick. No. No, I've heard bupkis. Jack, I'll talk to you later. Call me when you get something I can use. Smut's from hunger. For sad sacks who can't get their ashes hauled Not a word. Something good? Jackie, are you back on Narco? I need copy. Hush-Hush . Off the record and on the Q.T. It's Christmas morning in the City of Angels, and while decent citizens sleep the sleep of the righteous, hopheads prowl for marijuana, not knowing that a man is coming to stop them. The free- wheeling, big-time Big V, celebrity crime-stopper, Jack Vincennes, the scourge of grasshoppers and junk fiends everywhere. You like it, Jackie- Boy? I like it! I like it! They're sitting in the dark, goofing on the Christmas tree. Jack! It's Christmas! Contract players at Metro. You pinch 'em. I do you up feature in the next issue. Plus the usual fifty cash. Tell me, am I fucking Santa Claus? Beats me. Look, Jackie-Boy, a friend of mine just sold some reefer to Matt Reynolds. He's tripping the light fantastic with Tammy Jordan at 2245 Maravilla, Hollywood Hills. It's right around the corner. We did a piece last year. 'Ingenue Dykes In Hollywood.' Her name got mentioned. Big V Jack Vincennes! May I have this dance?You wanna buy your brother ten years...? You don't have to say anything. Just look at this list and point. Here. We're looking for three colored guys who like to pop off shotguns. One of 'em owns a purple Merc coupe. How'd you like to make it 1960? I know the judge and Sergeant Exley here is friends with hte D.A. You got a brother up in Folsom. I know because I put him there. I saw you fight Kid Gavilan. I like your style. How's the left these days? No. It's a private investigation. I fucked something up and I want to make amends. Part of it has to do with a murder. I've been working with Ed Exley on it. Twelve years ago he worked a vice roust with Dick Stensland. They arrested a Pierce Patchett on an extortion scam. Guy ran hookers. He'd have them photographed with their johns, then double-dip for some blackmail. Charges got dropped. Insufficient evidence. You were supervising officer on the case and I was wondering if you remember anything about it. You remember Buzz Meeks, Dudley? Two minutes, Dudley. It's important. You think golden boy can handle it, Cap? Okay. I'll do it. Great. You get the girl, I get the coroner. What are you going to do? She is Lana Turner. She is Lana Turner. High line whores. With plastic surgery to look like movie stars. And who knows what else? It's run by this guy Pierce Patchett. You want to talk to him? Movie star hookers. Whatever you desire... It's Fleur-fr-Lis again. Jesus... Maybe White's not so dumb after all. Bud White. He sees us and we're dead. Okay, college boy, I'll help you. But I want half the collar. The Nite Owl was solved, Lieutenant. I'm trying to figure what angle you're playing this time, but I sure as hell can't see one. So what's the point? Is there more to that, or do I have to guess? You should be the last person who wants to dig any deeper into the Nite Owl, Lieutenant . What? I ain't a priest, Lieutenant. I can't hear your confession. Yeah. My whole life. Transfer me, suspend me. Just leave me alone. Yesterday that might've meant something. Pull me off. You'd be doing me a big favor. Even I'm not that crazy. Damnit... What ? Give me a minute, will ya? Just don't shoot me. What? Shit . Someone beat us here. I'm snitching three old timers who'll be fishing in Oregon next week. Next to you I'm clean. And smart. You're playing an angle, college boy. You're getting something out of this so you don't have to hobnob with the fucking rank and file cops who'll hate your guts for snitching. If they're making you a detective, watch out. Some Bureau guys are gonna burn in this and you're gonna have to work with friends of theirs. Yeah, Exley. What's the payoff? I should've known. What's the Chief throwing you? You're the key witness? Loew didn't go with him. You're sure? He's dead. I was just there. Somebody slit his throat. Shut up! Sid, cut the crap. I -- Around. Sid, why would a guy like Pierce Patchett get involved with running dope and hookers? And Reynolds? Sure, he just tried to throw me off the force last Christmas as a little joke. What's he doing here, Sid? Sid, how are they hanging? What about Fleur-de-Lis? Their slogan's 'Whatever you desire.' Don't know. I'm chasing picture books. Fuck shots, but the posers don't look like junkies. It's well done stuff. I thought you might have heard something. No. But I've got something going with Ad Vice. Sid, it's Vincennes. Yeah, it's subtle. Stand there with your camera. I'll stop here so you get Grauman's Chinese in the backgrouns. No. It's felony possession of marijuana. I need an extra fifty. Two patrolmen at twenty apiece and a dime for the watch commander at Hollywood Station. You lost me, Sid. Who? Is she? Karen, this is Sid Hudgeons from Hush-Hush magazine. Yeah. Sergeant Jack Vincennes requesting. I need the home address on a Pierce Patchett. A bootleg... I just called it. This is Sgt. Vincennes. Requesting a name and address on a phone number. Hollywood zero-one- two-three-nine. It'll be our secret. I'm pretty sure I can get you a part on the show... But tonight? Pretend it's an acting job, kid. Showbiz. Yeah. Me neither. Really? How? Yeah. Me and Patchett go way back. Fleaur-de-Lis. 'Whatever you desire.' Something like that. Yeah. Working whores with squad two. Yeah, Cap. Back in Narcotics. Gee. The Great Jerk-Off Book Caper of 1953.Please hold, Sergeant... No, Sergeant. I checked twice. Please hold the line... No such number is assigned. Pacific Coast Bell.Of course... this is personal with you, isn't it, Mr. White? No, Mr. White. Pierce Morehouse Patchett. Now, I sense you're on your best behavior, but that's all I'll give you. If you persist, I'll meet you with my attorney. Now, would you like Miss Bracken's address? I doubt she knows anything, but -- There's Gardner, Hepburn, Grable, Turner. Lynn Bracken is my Veronica Lake. I use girls who look like movie stars. Sometimes I employ a plastic surgeon. I needed a Rita Hayworth to fill out my little studio. Wait. Our deal still holds? I think she'd been hit in the face with a tennis racket. She is -- was -- a big doubles fan. Then listen closely, because I'll only say this once and if it gets repeated, I'll deny it. I run call girls. Lynn Bracken is one of them and so was Susan Lefferts. I treat my girls very well. I have grown daughters, myself, and I don't like the thought of women being hurt. I sense you share this feeling. Then you wouldn't feel obligated to report them? Do you care about criminal matters peripheral to Susan's murder? Against your code? He no longer works for me. Find Susan's killer, Mr. White. I'll give you a handsome reward. Whatever you desire . Of course... You know I do or you wouldn't be here. How did you find me? I don't know him. Mr... I was here, hosting a party. Who was killed and why do you think I can help? I am. Are you soliciting for police charities? The last time, you people called at my office. She's fine. Then try talking to my lawyer. Good evening, gentlemen. No. Why do men and women usually see each other? Lynn Bracken. A vulgar term, but yes. For the last time. I may suborn women into illicit activities, but they're handsomely compensated, I treat them well and make sure the men they deal with show them every due respect. I'll tell you what I told Officer White when he asked me about Susan's death.Yeah, so... What do you mean? Exactly. At least one of those animals had the brains to protect his ears. Cotton balls. I found them just inside the meat locker door. Dick Stensland. Had to be dumb panic. If she knew him she would've been sitting with him... Right? It looks like she was flailing, trying to get away. Susan Lefferts. You mean beside the fact that thirty-five out of forty-five rounds were gratuitous? I can't think of anything. What do you want to know? I don't know if you read the papers, but that case is closed. Bud White, what brings you down to the basement? I got Vincennes in the next room. It's not a good week for cops in general. Bud White grilled me on it this morning. You know, he's not as dumb as I thought. Yeah. The fact that you guys won't let it get filed away. We got a total of forty-five spent 12-gauge Remington shotgun shells. Three men with five-shot-capacity pumps. All of them reloading twice.Showbiz. And no one'll know about this? You know, when I came out to L.A., this isn't exactly where I saw myself ending up. Pierce isn't like regular people. I dig him, but he scares me too. Dope, liquor, hookers that look like movie stars. Pierce Patchett has it all. Oh, I know. A Fleur-de-Lis party, right? Was it a party? Have we met before?It's confidential, Bud. Like that magazines Vincennes scams for. Hush-Hush . I'll see you tomorrow. And hey, if it works out, you'll get a piece of it. No. I'll tell you sometime. Not now. Don't want to jinx it. But it could take the edge off that jail time I got coming. Rain check me, partner. I got something big going on tonight. Don't look so down in the mouth, Bud. You nailed him good. Hey, partner. Grab a cup. Seen him around. He used to be a cop.Maybe you should have thought of that before you made Bloody Christmas page one. Oh? Anyplace else? Vincennes, is there someplace you'd rather be?Of his penis, sir? With tinsel and plastic icicles and... on his penis, sir. A guy dressed as Santa has been exposing himself to kids in Los Feliz. Apparently, sir, he's decorated himself.