Goddamn bugs. Deja me hablar. Well. Nick the Dick. What a surprise. Where you comin' from? I was fishing in Cuernavaca. Sure you were. What do you say we have a look at your catch? Me, I woulda thrown 'em back. Vamanos. Fuera. Hagan una lina! What do you get, Nick? Hundred bucks a head?  Two hundred? I hope you saved it all for your lawyer, pal, 'cause you're gonna need -- Who the hell are you? Division 6? I never heard of Division 6. Sir! Sir, you can't just -- You ever heard of Division 6? Th -- th -- th -- That wasn't -- wasn't -- wasn't -- Who are you, really? What -- blast? Stop! NYPD! All yours, Edwards! Grand Central Station off to your left, folks... Dammit, man, you're making me sweat up my gear! Yo, man, your luck just ran out. And when he gets here, I'll kick his ass too. What the... Wassup? Stop! What are you?! Perpetrator then blinked two sets of eyelids. You mean blinked with both eyes? No, sir. He blinked once with one set, then again with another completely different set. Sort of a low beam, high beam. Was that before or after he drew the weapon which you claim evaporated into a million pieces? After, sir. And why do you suppose none of the other officers saw either of these two events? 'Cause some of the other officers are a little soggy in the midsection. And they couldn't keep up, sir. Hey, Edwards, if you were half the man I am -- What do you mean? I am half the man you are. What the hell is your problem? My problem is you being all up in my damn face all the time. I think he threw him off the roof. Ten minutes -- your best shot. Sergeant. I want to talk to you outside. Now. You need ten minutes on a Stairmaster, you pudgy bastard. Hey...Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Dr. Weaver, from the coroner's office? Working on the John Doe? Would you look right here, please. Oh, yeah, some night. Who are you? Yeah, sure. He said the world was coming to an end. You're kidding, right? Absolutely. Wait a minute. I got a ton of paperwork. Good work, Edwards. So who you with? You got the plain clothes, the government-issued wheels. Secret Service? Yeah, well, whoever it is, you're short on funding. Oh, yeah, my bad '86 Ford LTD. That's a luxury ride. C'mon, who ya with? This is where we're going? Jack Jeebs? Guy buys from chain snatchers. Doesn't even sell guns. All right, you think it's worth shaking him up, fine. I'll do my thing. Then I want some answers. Officer Edwards. Oh, hey, geez, how'd these get here? I thought I turned 'em in to the proper authorities. Way I hear it, Jeebs, you into something a little hotter than some stolen Rolexes. Sure -- I'm a big crack dealer now. I just work here because I love the hours. I'm talking about guns, Jeebs. High-tech stuff. C'mon, Edwards, whatcha see is what I got. H-hiya Kay, how are you? You know I got outta that business a long time ago, Kay. Whoa, whoa, Kay, hold on a minute here... He'll do it, Jeebs. I've seen him do it. Talk to me, Jeebs, he's crazy when he's like this. He's always crazy. Take a cruise. Get a massage -- Put down the gun and put your hands on the counter! Drop the weapon! You are under arrest. You have the right to remain silent. Don't do that. Do you know how much that hurts? Uh, this. This is what I saw. He looked all right to me. I don't know. I don't know! Yeah. I'll be by tomorrow for those Rolexes. The eyelids, fine ... and the jumping thing ... and the gun ... okay, but the head? See a head doesn't do that, it doesn't just grow back. What's going on? Oh, no. This I'm gonna remember for a long, long time. Huh? Where am I? Coffee. Please. I go out, I work my butt off to make a living, all I want is to come home to a nice clean house with a nice fat steak on the table, but instead I get this -- this -- I don't even know what you call this! I'll tell you what it looks like, it looks like poison. Don't you take that away, I'm eating that, damn it! It is poison, isn't it?! I swear to God, I would not be surprised if it was, the way you skulk around here like a dog been hit too much -- or ain't been hit enough, I can't make up my mind. You're useless, Beatrice! The only thing that pulls its weight around here is my goddamn truck! Stay here! Figures. Get your big butt back in that house! Place projectile weapon on ground. You can have my gun when you pry it from my cold, dead fingers! Your proposal is acceptable. Sugar. Give me sugar. In water. More. That better? Help you? Maybe, I'm not sure, see, I got this card -- Elevator. Push the "call" button. You're late. Sit down. My name is Zed. You're all here because you're the best of the best. Marines, Navy SEALS, Army Rangers...NYPD. And we're looking for one of you. Just one. What will follow is a series of simple tests designed to quantify motor skills, hand-eye coordination, concentration, stamina -- I see we have a question. Why, uh -- I'm sorry, it's just no one really asked this, but -- why, exactly, are we doing this? Son? Jake Jensen, West Point, graduate with honors. We're here because you're looking for the best of the best of the best, sir! What's so funny, Edwards? I -- I don't know, sir. This guy. "Best of the best of the best of the best of the --" It just struck me as -- Humorous. Sir. Okay. Let's get going. Anyone, uh...any of you guys know what we're doing here? Well, yeah, I know, but... The hell happened? Hesitated, sir. May I ask why you felt little Tiffany deserved to die? She was the only one who actually seemed dangerous. At the time. And how did you come to that conclusion? Hook-head guy. You explain to me how he can think with a hook for a head. Answer; it's not his head. His head is that butt-ugly bean-bag thing over there. 'Cause if you look at the snarling beast-guy, he's not snarling, he's sneezing -- he's got tissues in his hand. No threat there, and anyhow, the girl's books were way too advanced for an eight-year-old's. And besides, from where I'm looking, she was the only one who appeared to have a motive. And I don't appreciate your jumping down my throat about it. Or, uh -- do I owe her an apology? He's got a real problem with authority. I hope you know what you're doing. Congratulations, you're everything we've come to expect from years of government training. Now, if you'll just follow me, we have one more test to administer, an eye exam. You! Hey, what's goin' on? Now, if you'll look directly at the end of this device. You brought the aliens flowers? The 1964 World's Fair was a coverup? I see. Not to change the subject, but when was your last cat-scan? Well, thanks for the very amusing morning, but I'm hopin' you'll show me where I came in?  'Cause this is where I go out. Cab drivers? Why the big secret? People are smart, they can handle it. So what's the catch? Nobody? Hold up. You track me down, put me through those stupid-ass tests, now you're trying to talk me out of it. I don't get it. Is it worth it? Well, well, well. Movin' right in, are we? Think we own the place? Got a little eviction notice for you, boys. Just what exactly do you think you're doing? Takin' care of your pest problem. "Pest" problem? "Pest?" Yeah. You got a hell of an infestation. You know, I have noticed an infestation here. Everywhere I look, in fact. Nothing but undeveloped, unevolved, barely conscious pond scum. So convinced of their own superiority as they scurry about their short, pointless lives. Well -- yeah. Don't you want to get rid of 'em? In the worst way. One thing you gotta know right now. All right. I'm in because there's some next-level shit going on around here, and I'm with that. Before you beam me up, there are a couple of things we need to get straight. You chose me 'cause you recognize the skills. So as of now you can cease with all of that calling me "son" or "kid" or "sport." Cool? Purpose of trip? Duration of stay? Carrying any fruits or vegetables? What branch of the government do we report to? So who pays for all this? What's this? Sorry! I gotta be honest about something. It makes perfect sense. When I was a third grader in Philadelphia, they told me I was crazy 'cause I swore that our teacher was from, like, Venus or something. What's your jacket size, Edwards? Uh -- forty regular. Then let's put it on. Put what on? The last suit you'll ever wear. From now on, you'll dress only in attire specially sanctioned by MIB Special Services. You'll conform to the identity we give you, eat where we tell you, live where we tell you, get approval for any expenditure over a hundred dollars. You will have no identifying marks of any kind.  You will not stand out in any way. Your entire image is carefully crafted to leave no lasting memory whatsoever with anyone you encounter. You're a rumor, recognizable only as deja vu and dismissed just as quickly. You don't exist; you were never even born. Anonymity is your name. Silence your native tongue. You are no longer part of "the system." We're above the system. Over it. Beyond it. We're "them." We're "they." We are the Men in Black. The difference between you and me? I make this look good. Okay, let's see. Bee, we got the deposed sur-prefect of Sinalee touching down in the forest outside Portland tonight. I'm pulling you down from Anchorage to do a meet-and-greet. You wish. Bring a sponge. What else -- everybody, we gotta keep Rolling Fish-Goat out of the sewer system, he's scaring the rats. And Bobo the Squat wants to reveal himself on "Unsolved Mysteries." Bee, make sure he doesn't. Red-letter from last night -- we had an un-authorized landing somewhere in upstate New York farm country. Keep your ears open for this one, Kay, we're not hosting a galactic kegger down here. Well, well, well -- we got a skimmer. Redgick. He's not cleared to leave Manhattan but he's way out of town right now, stuck in traffic on the New Jersey Turnpike. Why don't you take Jay? This is a good one for him to warm up on. Yo, wussup with Zed? "Go get em, tiger. We're not hosting an intergalactic kegger..." We got the use of unlimited technology from the entire universe and we cruise around in this? You know, ya'll gotta learn how to talk to people. You could be a little kinder and gentler. Now did that hurt? Yeah? Me? Oh God! I see it I see it I see it! Oh sweet Jesus Mother of God did you see that?! Guys -- guys -- Help?! HELP! Hello?! Can you guys do this later?! Oh -- oh -- oh -- man. Hey, you know, it is sorta -- Pick. These are the hot sheets? You're actually looking for tips in a supermarket tabloid? Why? Damn. If he was this ugly before he was an alien... Did you taste her lemonade? Whoa! That thing erases her memory, and you give her a new one? And that's the best you can come up with? Yeah, and you're better off 'cause he never appreciated you anyway. In fact, you kicked him out, and now that he's gone, you ought to buy some new clothes, maybe hire a decorator or something... Hey. Kay...when am I gonna get one of those memory things? Wait -- don't tell me -- that was the question on Final Jeopardy last night. I'm gonna jump way past you and just guess that this is bad. Right? So basically you have a racial problem with all insect-based life forms? What do we do? Sorry I'm late. The cab drivers on this planet are terrible. Yeah, and they overcharge you every time. A bug? He must know why I'm here. No, just some diamonds for your children. Do we have time to eat? Table six is up! To the safety of the galaxy. You can kill us both -- but you will not find it. You're right about one thing. What am I supposed to do with the cat? I don't know. Send it with the stiff. Let family claim it. Where do you want contestant number three? Oh, the cat. There's a problem with the cat. Sign here. Your problem. I think, uh, we should start at the same place you did. Your cat? Thank-you, but is this really the time to uh -- you know, come on to me? Oh, yes. Exactly. Nope. All fine. Well, of course they are. What I'm pointing out is that there are no pieces of them left. So they're intact, wherever they are. That we can be sure of. You know, I was just going to ask you the same thing. No, no...not at all. No... Excuse me. Very interesting. Got a real Queen of the Undead thing goin' on. Great body. Not a clue. What is that? It's all right -- What are you trying to say? Struggle? Bed? Belt? Orion's Belt? "To prevent war, the galaxy is on Orion's Belt?"  The hell does that mean? Hey! Kay! I mean, Dr., uh, whatever, come here! He's dead. You knew him? He said "to prevent war, the galaxy is on Orion's Belt." That's what he said. Didn't he? Right after he -- Oh, for Christ's sake, you did the flashy thing already. Stop that -- -- that thing probably gives you brain cancer! "Never hurt her before"?! How many times have you done the flashy thing to this poor woman?! Aren't you worried about, you know, long term damage? What the hell happened to make you such a callous son of a bitch? Hey, you never flashed me with that thing, did you? Hey, Kay, I really think I should be in charge of the flashy memory thing department. Yeah, well you're a menace with that thing... No. No, NO, NO, NOOOO! Doesn't anybody believe in sleep around here? The twins keep us on Alpha Centaurian time -- a 37-hour day. Give it a few months -- you'll get used to it. Or you'll have a psychotic episode. Here's Orion; the brightest grouping of stars in the northern sky... and here's Orion's belt -- That's what the little guy was talking about, "To prevent war, the galaxy's on Orion's belt..." There are no galaxies on Orion's belt. The belt is just these three stars; galaxies are huge, made up of billions of stars. You heard wrong. You're attracted to me, aren't you? Pretty lady... You were the guy with the flowers in the photo, (the night the aliens arrived.) (What, you were on your way to a dance or something and you got lost? And she never got those flowers, did she?]  Grumpy Guy's story comes into focus. She ever get married? Well, it's better to have loved and lost than never to have -- Kay. We've had twelve jumps in the last hour. Redgick was just the beginning. What do they know that we don't know? And we've got a dead Arquillian prince. They sound pissed. Translate that and step on it! Meanwhile get down to Rosenberg's store and see what you can turn up. And Kay -- take a lot of fire power. I like that. You get a series four de-atomizer and I get a "Noisy Cricket?!" I'm afraid I'm going to break it. That's my truck! And make sure you tell them that at the impound. I got worse. Who robs a jewelry store and leaves the jewels? This guy had a serious crush on his cat. Kay! GET DOWN! The bug in the Edgar suit! The ugly redneck from the picture! That's him! Can we drop the cover-up bullshit?! There's an Alien Battle Cruiser that's gonna blow-up the world if we don't... Containment may be a moot point, my friend. The exodus continues. It's like the party's over and the last one to leave gets stuck with the check. You sorry little ingrates! We've only translated a part of the message so far: "Deliver the Galaxy." Oh, it gets better... They're holding us responsible. Another contestant has entered the ring. Where do you keep your dead? I don't have any dead. Where?! I don't know, the city morgue! Of course that guy's an alien. That's gotta be the worst disguise I've ever seen. You don't like it, you can kiss my furry little butt. Sorry, Kay, I can't talk right now, my ride's leaving in -- Hey! Get your paws off me! The, uh...dog owes my friend some money. I know nothing. Stop it. Okay, okay. Rosenberg wasn't some two-bit Arquillian. He was the guardian of a galaxy. They thought he would be safe here on earth. The galaxy is the best source for subatomic energy in the universe. If the bugs get their slimy claws on it, kiss the Arquillians goodbye. Ask him about the belt. Beats me. They're rehearsing a ventriloquist act. The galaxy is here. The galaxy is hundreds of millions of stars and planets? How's it here? You humans, when're you gonna learn that size doesn't matter? Just 'cause something's important, doesn't mean it's not very, very small. Tiny. Like the size of a marble. Or a jewel. Now if you'll excuse me, I need to be walked before the flight. Kay... So two galaxies have been fighting for years. And the only people who've been benefiting are a race of creatures called bugs. Then the two galaxies decide to make peace...and the bugs send this guy down to make sure the fighting never stops. And if we don't get it back before he leaves the planet...we're history. Thank you for making sure the bell works. What's up, Farmer John? A man came in here earlier. A dead man. And this means what to me? He was a very dear friend of mine. And I believe he had an animal with him. A gift I gave him, a pet cat that means worlds to me. I would like it back. I'll need a picture ID, written proof of ownership of the cat, or notarized proof of kinship with -- -- the deceased. Don't -- do that. Do what? Shit! I'll handle this one, you wait outside. Because all we have to do is walk in and get a cat, it's not that hard. But if you go in, you're gonna lay your Jack Webb on her and flash your brain ray in her face and she's gonna end up with leukemia or some shit. The woman's a doctor, she doesn't need you erasing half her med school classes. Take me five minutes. Where is the animal?! Get it! Hello? Anybody here? Hello? Uh, hi. I'm Sergeant Friday, from the Twenty-Sixth precinct. They brought a cat in here with a corpse the other day, might have said "Orion" on the cat's name tag? Right, well, the cat is, uh -- the cat's a witness in a murder case and I'm going to need to take it with me. You don't? Excuse me? Damn, you do start fast, don't you? And, uh, why exactly is that? Now slow down, you don't have to hit the gas like that. And I will. But we gotta get something straight here -- I'm gonna drive. It's not some kind of macho trip, it's just the way I'm used to doing things, okay? Don't shoot! Don't shoot! How was I supposed to know!?! Maybe if you didn't come on like a drunken prom date! Everybody shut UP! Listen, Monkey Boy, I may have to take that kind of talk in my end of the universe, but compared to you humans, I'm the top rung on the evolutionary ladder, so can it, all right?! That's better. Now put down your weapons. We're leaving. Have you ever pulled the wings off a fly? Would you care to see the fly get even? Put the weapons down! It's okay, Laurel! I mean it's going to be okay! Don't bet on it, meat sack. Take me here. They're in a cab. Hey! Laurel!? Hey! Same thing: "Deliver the galaxy." WHAT THE HELL ARE THEY SHOOTING AT US FOR?! Arquillian battle rules, kid. First we get an ultimatum, then a warning shot, then we have a galactic standard week to respond. A galactic standard week? How the hell long is that? One hour? To keep the bugs from getting it, the Arquillians will destroy the galaxy and whatever planet it's on. You're talking about US! Sucks, doesn't it? They're all gone. Frank the Pug took the last ship on the planet. Gone. Gone. Uh, gentlemen. Gone. Gone. Fellas. Gone, thank God. Hey. Old guys. Do those still work? You're coming with me. It's a long trip. I'll need a snack. You're taking the tunnel?! It's usually jammed?! I told you! Yeah?! What?!? I don't care!! Good. War means food for my family, all seventy-eight million of them. That's a lot of mouths to feed, your highness. You know how to work that? Oh, shit. What? You don't get it. I've won. It's over. You milk-suckers! You don't matter! In a few seconds you won't even be matter! Put my hands on my head? Like this? That did not go at all like I had planned. Where are you going? What!? Hey! Come over here and try that! Stop right there, or I'll start wailing on your waxy, pointed ass! What are you, afraid of me? Come on! Stand and fight like an arthropod! You want a piece of this, huh?! Maybe you're a badass in your hive, but this is New York City. You're just another tourist here! You're messing with the wrong species, Bug -- Hey, Bug! If I'm not mistaken, that was a cousin of yours. Whoa! That had to hurt. And, what d'you know, here's your old Uncle Bob! What's that? Can you hear what he's saying? 'Help me! Help me!' Ooh! There's a pretty one. That one looks kinda familiar, don't you think? I know who that is! Don't do that! That's your Momma! Didn't she ever teach you not to bite off more than you can chew? You son of a -- I think the word's already out. Our friends are coming back. Got an authorized landing at Times Square. You and Jay check it out on the way back... And pick me up one of those soft pretzels, while you're at it. Extra salt. I feel like celebrating. Getting eaten!? That was your plan!? After I got the shit beat out of me! You coulda told me what you were doing. Damn bugs. Look, I know we got rules, but she did just bust the Bug for us.  And so maybe you don't have to flashy thing her. Who's she gonna tell, anyway? She only hangs out with dead people. Kay, you're scaring your partner. Oh no, I can't do this job by myself. No, you won't. I'll talk to Dennis Rodman, it's his damn planet. 