Won't you give yourself a rest, John? She's other people to look out for her. It's what the maids are for. The place is a mess. You should have someone look after you. Be careful who sees it. What's this? She'll drop you. When she's done with you, she'll drop you. Aye. When are you gonna see it, John? She doesn't give a damn about you. Come on, man, I'm telling you what you already know. Aye, she may say that to you, but the woman can say what she wants. And when was the last time she put herself out for you? Look, John, whatever she says to you now, in the end you're still a servant. She'll get over it. Don't be an idiot! You're in no fit state to go anywhere. You've got three broken ribs, man! What are you doing?! They said you were drunk. Why don't you tell her the truth? She'll blow hot and cold on you, John, she always does. You want to be careful. She's got an army of people to get her up and out. John, it's not your problem what she eats. So? Someone'll send it on ahead. You work the system right, you could ask her yourself. Just be thankful you're not working for Household. The Queen never lets them out of her sight. But wee spats like us can slip through the net, easy. The good-looking one. There's love and there's behaving like you do because there's nobody to tell you not to. You know what I mean. Come on, man. There's love and there's ... Three years, John. Is that not a bit long to be grieving? She's hardly a full hamper herself. It's better than shovelling horse shit. That's pretty good for a ghillie. How about yourself? Seventy a year. So what did Ponsonby do when she started shouting? Not down south you don't. You don't tell Her Majesty how you feel. So, there are rules. Things you do and things you don't do.Checked and locked, sir. Checked and locked, sir. I hope to go up next year. Mary Taylor, sir.Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I did. Mr Brown, sir --I tell you, if we don't stick together on this, you could find yourself First President's Opposition. Du Royaum Uni. I don't imagine you frequent the Republican Clubs. But the fact that neither you nor I are members should not blind us to the significance of their existence. The Tory Party has always been our party. I would talk to her myself, but she won't listen to me. She must be persuaded, by someone she respects, to abandon this ridiculous favoritism before a situation develops. I fear the influence he has on her. The man's word is not to be credited. He is an arriviste of the very lowest water. She's having a bust cast of him. In Nero Marquino marble. My concern is for the reputation of the Monarchy. No doubt you've heard the rumors. Have you met Mr Lyle? He's in sugar...? Mr Disraeli. Ma'am. Out of my way! The future King! Do you know who you address, sir? What did you say? Tell her the Prince of Wales wishes to speak with her urgently about matters concerning the press. Convey her a message. I wish to see my mother. I beg your pardon? Mama...? Well, I'm sorry, but I really do think it's too much that the gentlemen of the house should be dictated to by a servant. Mama... But mama, the room was built expressly for that purpose. It has been a smoking-room by tradition ever since father -- Yes, but isn't midnight a little excessive? Surely it is for the gentlemen to decide when to stop... If it is inconvenient to Her Majesty, then perhaps she might consider allowing the Prince of Wales to host-- Mother.... It's so infernally cold in here. I thought, a dinner for our ambassadors perhaps?Checked and locked, sir. We -- The order of seating at the Upper Servant's table is arranged personally by the Queen herself. By whose authority? Mr. Carter, the Head Butler, sits there.She needs me, Archie. She canna do without me, she said it to my face. How can I stop now? I'm not having some prattler going through my things. I can't move to tidy. I'm all right. I just need to rest up a wee bit. The room ... You don't have to stay. What do you take me for? It's a diary. Get out. Out! She means it. My lips may give a message better of Christmas love than e'en this letter. To my best friend, J.B. from his best friend, V.R. Best friend! You know nothing about her! You watch your tongue. Oh, I'm much more than that. I can't let her down now, Archie. She'll be worried about me. I've got my duties to attend to. I'm getting dressed. She'll think it's her fault for keeping me. And she sent no word down? I'm on ninety pounds a year plus seventy pounds for a pile of tartan I'd be wearing anyway. That's as much as a Page of the Back Stairs gets and that job's only for toffs. I'm Her Majesty's Highland Servant! Indoors and Out. There's no stopping me now. But I'm the only one she trusts. The woman's surrounded by fools! She has to be packed and ready to leave by seven thirty tomorrow morning. Knowing that lot, they'll still be dressing her at eight. Aye, but will they? One box of biscuits, one box of drop tablets, one box of pralines, sixteen chocolate sponges. It's the same order every week, but does anybody bother to check it? Now she has to travel all the way to Balmoral without the few luxuries she actually enjoys. Aye? Then she's obviously not got enough to do. Which one of us is she flirting with? I'm not sure I do, Archie. What? She loved him. It's only grief makes her like she is. If you were looking for promotion, you should have picked one of the healthier ones. Prince Leopold? Is he the one who bleeds all day? So what does his valet do? Wash his poultices for him? Sixty. Not bad, not bad. How much? I think he nearly ruptured his truss. I speak as I find, Archie. I was just telling the woman how I feel, for God's sake. So? Kitchen and lower house. Louder, girl! You wouldn't happen to know what the Queen's reading for recreation, would you, Mary? Have I seen you up in Balmoral, Mary? What's your name? Are you all right, Barney? Good. She's a good girl. Aren't you? Yeah, she's a lovely girl. And you know the Queen's riding tomorrow? Good man. And is she all right? Yeah, there's a good girl. Have you had a look at this hoof? She was limping badly. I think there might be a stone in it. It's cold out there tonight, Barney. Hey, Barney. Well, everyone's entitled to their opinion. Whom you address. I said, are you deaf as well as stupid? Are you deaf as well as stupid? She's away to Windsor tomorrow. Talk to her there. She's busy. It's the Queen's decision. Back and upper corridors. You'll talk when I'm finished! What happens to John Brown is his business, but the Queen's security will never be compromised! That's a tautology lad. If you say the Queen arranges something, you've no need to say she's done it personally. That's understood. My own. Not now he doesn't. This is my place. I recommend Her Majesty uses the covered carriage with a full Horse Guard. In the event of any disturbance I will ensure -- Nobody has any rights over me. This is a slur on her good name. Don't think I can't persuade her. If I find out that you had anything to do with this, I will have you sacked. It can wait. Anything else? That can wait till the weekend. She'll be away on Friday between eight o'clock and six in the evening to visit the Grants in Glasalt. If she's to make the journey there and back in the day she's to have no distractions the night before. She'll take a light supper alone in her private drawing room and retire early. Is that the Queen's request? Well, you tell Her Majesty from me, if her husband was here now, he'd have had her out of that house and getting some air in her. What the hell's the point in me being here otherwise?! No. I didn't come all this way to sit on my arse. Awaiting my orders. Do you? I came down at the Queen's request. I'll take my orders from her. Aye, do. That's not good enough. I need a man who knows where I am. Who'll bring it to me? How will I know what she requires? How will I know? She'll think I betrayed her. She'll never understand it. I promised to protect her from people like you. No loyalty. Too busy looking after themselves. The threat. I tell them, but they don't see it. They don't see it. Her mind is set. She won't change now. So...? Why do you think I keep her here? I said. I serve the Queen. Aye. I do what I do. Why? Maybe, once. What I do, I do for my Queen. I wouldn't know. This is the top. I'm not married. It's nothing. I'm fine. I don't think about it. You sent for me. Always remember, you keep it tight to your shoulder, you absorb the kick. Aim for the head. Then imagine it's Gladstone. If you hunt, you kill. Dare say you can be taught. Do you hunt? What do you know about the Highlands? What brings you here? Someone has to look after you. It could've been someone. It was before. Because I have to! -- When I took you out riding, come rain or shine, because I knew it was right for you, when I kept the bairns off your back so you could have a bit of peace, when I saw you safe from home to home and you didn't even know I was there...! All I've ever thought about is you! For god's sake, woman, I'm just trying to keep you safe! I'm breaking no promises! Have I ever let you down before--? If duty and safety are served by the same end then, aye, I do. I had foreseen that you would not. But Your Majesty should understand -- that my mind will not be changed in this. I leave for Deeside -- Having considered my position here at court, I have come to the conclusion that it is in the best interest of Your Majesty that I should resign. Ma'am? Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am? I'll decide when it's exaggerated. Aye. But there are Fenians reported on the mainland. I ordered it. It's for your own safety. I heard something. Aye. We took a nip of whiskey. Ah, well... They're ready now. Aye, well, if all you want is a good opinion then he'd be sure to oblige you. Just say what you have to say, woman. What other people think shouldn't matter to you. I don't groom a horse to have it admired by others, I groom it because it needs grooming. That doesn't make him an expert. What does he know about the Highlands? Who by? Are they worth reading? Craobhan-geanmchno-fhiadhaich. What? Aye, ma'am. If Prince Albert were here today, he'd tell him a thing or two. It's a fine spot, ma'am. And I intend to be there when she's ready. Because I think Her Majesty is wrong. If ever there was a poor soul who needed fresh air, it is her. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Archie. I've no family, ma'am, apart from my brothers and sisters. I'm glad of it. She's well, too. I am. Aye, ma'am. Ma'am.What can we do? I beg your pardon? I came as quickly as I could. Forgive me, gentlemen. I'm late.Quite. I'm flattered you think so. A situation? I see. Of course. I take no account of gossip, Your Highness. I don't think I've had that pleasure. Your Royal Highness. What a pleasure to see you here. But others will know that you acted for the greater good. In time, she will. For once in my life, I am not the issue. No love. The greasy pole. They aren't as watchful as you. See what? She trusts you, John. The truth is, the Queen would be safer doing her duty and returning south to her public. John Bull loves her and John Bull is her best defense. Ah, but therein lies the paradox. It is her very isolation that encourages the malcontents. The longer she is away, the stronger they become; and who, honestly, can promise security against that? However many doors you lock, someone will always get in. Even here. You will not be unaware of the threat now posed by Republicanism. No other aspiration? But yourself? What about John Brown? For Her Majesty. To have achieved one's ambition, or to have reconciled oneself to its limits, is a lifetime's work. Then I envy yo. Was there never ambition? Surely -- The look on their faces when one walks into the room. Still gives one a ridiculous thrill. Oh. Still, someone must attend you. Your wife should not have let you out. You're injured. Forgive me, I've called you out and you should have been resting. Princes and Lords are but the breath of kings, An honest man's the noblest work of God. You must miss such magnificent views. I've been called back to London. My last day. I thought I might take a walk on Lochnagar. Quite. To shoot perhaps, but not to kill. Occasionally. I am a blank sheet. A man can refuse only so many invitations from his Queen. It was remiss of me not to come earlier. Oh, several things. You've seen the latest cartoon in Punch, I take it? Not at all, Dean. Good of you to spare the time. Yes. No, ma'am. Forgive me, ma'am, I cannot speak for the nation, only for myself. As Prime Minister I confess I miss your presence, but that is only an expression of my own selfish desires and I should not burden you with it. In so many ways ... and yet it is your presence they crave. A figurehead. Indeed, and for that they are eternally grateful. Your Majesty remains at the very epicenter of governance. As for your people, look no further than the sales of your Highland Journals to see in what affection the nation holds their Queen. You sell even more copies than Mr Dickens. I was trying to imagine "rather upset." What's her excuse this time? In the press, perhaps. But she's sold more copies of her Highland Journal in three months than Punch will ever sell in a year. Time to wheel her out. Mrs Brown. Gladstone's got his party facing the same way for the first time in years. We need help. Where is the old girl? We're going to lose. To know when he'll be king. I hope he got his mother's permission. We'll see which way the wind blows. Gossip counts. Lord Aberdeen was right. This country is not governed by wisdom but by talk. Granted, it wouldn't take much to winkle the old girl out of mourning, but if public opinion is against her, then it doesn't do to appear too close. My dear Stanley, a Prime Minister with only a handful of friends must respect public opinion. The question is, do we need her? The cartoon or Her Majesty's absenteeism?Well, no rest for the wicked, Henry. Where did you find it by the way? Of course. Yes. Dear oh dear. A few days... When he heard, the Prince of Wales threw the bust from the window of the Royal Gallery. It took four hours to gather the fragments. Erysipelas. A distinct flushing around the cheeks. She was drunk, I tell you. Excellent! I did not consider it wise, in the circumstances, to tax your nerves. The same, your Majesty. Forgive me, Your Majesty. In no way did I wish to suggest-- Excellent, ma'am, excellent. But perhaps if her Majesty were to consider accompanying her new-found physical vigor with the benefits of mental activity... I'm sorry, ma'am? We're expecting Brown this afternoon, ma'am.The Queen will be riding to St. George's on the fifth. We are all of us subject to forces beyond our control, Mr Brown, even you. In as much as the article is about yourself, I think you must now accept that the public has a right to its interest in you. I don't doubt that the Queen was highly amused. She has always had a very healthy sense of humor. I believe that decision rests with Her Majesty. There are important papers from -- She'll need to sign dispatches before she retires. Yes, it most certainly is! Go inside at once. I thought I made myself perfectly clear. You do not leave your room until Her Majesty requests it. I beg your pardon? You will await your orders like everyone else. Unless you prefer a repeat of yesterday's little excitement. You do not report for duty unless the Queen requests it. You know that very well. Yes. I do. In matters concerning the Household, I act on her behalf. There is to be no communication with other members of the household on matters concerning the court except through myself or one of the Equerries. No plans must be altered unless you are given prior authority by myself or a senior member of the household. Then we'll have to see what can be arranged. I'm sure it won't be difficult to find you. Her Highness' Equerry. You'll be sent a message. I'm sorry? Her Majesty's routine at Osborne House is not as you will remember it. The Household remains in full mourning and no-one is permitted to raise their voice under any circumstances whatsoever. As for the Queen's routine, she breakfasts at nine thirty, lunches at two,takes tea at five thirty and dinner at eight forty five. No one is allowed to leave the building while the Queen is at home. On the rare occasions when she is out, you may ask permission to leave, but only with my consent. You're to be ready to walk the pony at any time after ten o'clock. You'll clean her outdoor things and do any odd jobs as and when she requires. No, indeed. Some young page was boasting about having seen it. Lucky. Quite. I think I'd best take it back. We think she can be dissuaded. Have you had a glance at the diary? The Queen wishes to publish an account of him. Not too protracted, I hope. No, she wasn't. A fine choice, sir. Ma'am. Ma'am? They are demanding the dismissal of John Brown on grounds of drunkeness. From Princess Helena and other members of your family. I have a letter, ma'am. There is one other matter. Your Majesty -- I -- forgive me, ma'am, I am no wiser than yourself. I have no idea. Again? We were expecting you to return by six. He thought, perhaps, Your Majesty might wish to be informed of the latest developments in government. Lord Clarendon arrives, by invitation, at eleven o'clock, followed at twelve by a picnic in the grounds to celebrate Princess Alice's birthday. Dispatches, as usual, at two. The Chancellor writes to say that, by happy coincidence, he will be in Cowes for the weekend. He asks if Your Majesty might grant him an audience. Of course, at once. I'm very sorry, ma'am. I can't imagine -- he was certainly given no instructions.The Princess Louisa is too ill to move. Frankly, the Queen's rather upset at the recent spate of bad publicity. You're smiling. She's refusing to leave Balmoral. It's questionable whether there's any advantage to be had from that direction. She's never been less popular. Who? You can't know that for sure. What did he want? I see the Prince of Wales is here. So? Surely, you're not suggesting we dispense-- Well, both. Should we take it seriously?