And I intend to correct that at once. I'll tell you something Mac... I hear you Mac and I appreciate it. Frankly I don't know what I'd have done without you on this one. Mac, you really earned your wings this flight. On channel 10? Well you did the right thing Mac. Were you going to give it to them? And what are they doing now, Mac? You didn't do anything to the monitors, did you Mac? Oh he did, did he? Weren't you down in the dining room? Where the hell did you come from? All too well, captain. It's a little late for you to be up. Ain't it the truth. Must be good to be rich. Why should she, it's her fault. All guests are told not to eat in zero gravity, but she just wanted to have fun I guess, didn't realize what a grain of salt can do to sophisticated machinery. Idiot... I told you not to try anything smart! I guess you're too much of a maverick to follow a simple order! And that's just too bad for all of you now, isn't it? Sure you do. Sending Mac out on a little recon work. How pathetic. Problem is it seems Mac blew a few fuses. Or maybe he's just a little drunk. Were you partying with a robot Taylor? Taylor, you surprise me. That was a joke Taylor, lighten up! Why don't you just hold them up to the lens. I'll write them down, and once I'm through verifying them, I'll get back to you. Well, preferably in tens and twenties... Uh, that's an affirmative, Roger Wilco. Please proceed. Who said I'll re-enter in the pod? I got friends out in space, Ryan, friends willing to get me back unnoticed. Thank God for deregulation huh? I'd advise you to shut up and let me finish Taylor. You needn't worry about the lifepods because they're all gone, jettisoned. Save for one. Ok, I will. The bad news is the ship is history. Life support will last another 36 hours, maybe. Now do you want the good news first or the bad news? Yes I can transmit the code 3 emergency! I just don't think it's a prudent move at this juncture. Much as I'd like to help you and our valued guests, I'm afraid I can't. The bridge is fine, Taylor, how are things down there? Why yes Ryan, I am, and thanks for asking. You don't have to talk to the intercom, I can hear you fine. That's very professional sounding of you, Taylor. Yeah yeah yeah, give me a minute here. I can hardly wait. No. I'm all set. Thanks. I think I can handle it. Uh... Nah, I already ate. Why don't you just go down there? Thank you. You gotta think of your old age. It's steady, good benefits. Well that hotel begins construction in January, there's going to be a lot of shuttle work. I don't know. Everything's up in the air at this point, no pun intended. Ain't it the truth. The two say nothing for a beat - Trust me. Even checked 'em with my own eyes. Why don't you reset and run it again. The pods check out ok. There must be some mistake. You sure you hit the right commands? No, I just ran it! Why are you running it again? Well I guess there's no time like the present. I'll go run a check on that room, just to show we go that extra mile for our guests. Over and out! Good. Now you'll hear from me when I have the new coordinates. In the meantime don't bug me. Is that clear? Now I got enough air and supplies to make another complete orbit in the pod! You're just gonna have to pick me up later. Let's get something straight, Chappy! I told you, I had to teach a few people a lesson! Don't worry about me, I'm changing coordinates now. I've come to far to be tripped up by some Dudley do-right... motherfuckers! This ship is going down in a blaze of glory! The others decided to get cute with me, so I'm teaching them a lesson! Cool your jets...I'm doing a little damage control. I know, I know. Oh you'll get it, believe me. So I'll see you in a few. I don't know. I really haven't made up my mind yet. We'll see how nicely they behave. Yeah, I know Bill, I came up with the plan remember? Just have those hangar doors open and ready, I can take it from there. Seems like they're cooperating. Hopefully I'll be out of here and on my way very soon. That's me.It's getting hard to breathe... We're going to die. What's the use...we're gonna die... Well, more power to you. Me, I start to bug out after too much time out here. Well...I don't mind. I can put up with it. I'm taking six months off after this, and I won't have to deal with people snapping their fingers at me. No. But it buys a lot of other things. Look at this...Jesus.Baby, take it easy. Talk to him...Jesus... How am I supposed to know? Send it back if you don't want it. Besides I can't wait to tee off on the sea of tranquillity. That should shore up that prick Hank Drexler. Look around you baby, we're rubbing elbows with royalty, oil sheiks, this is class. You'll be envied by everyone. Look you were the one who wanted to do something different, something to tell all your friends. Any chump can go to Nassau. Ah hell we can always do that. Listen believe me, once we get to the moon, your tone is going to change. Homesick? It's only been two days! What the hell is that? What makes you so sure? I tell you, something's not right here. How do we know they're not going to use the pod for themselves? Again with the orders from you! You got a Napoleon complex chief, and I'm getting sick of it! I haven't quite made up my mind yet. Who are you calling a pig, rummy? Well what would you know about it? You don't have anything to lose.Just don't move around too much. Will you shut up already? Don't say that! It ain't over till it's over! I don't have a problem with it. Besides, you get to meet a lot of interesting people. Not me. I'm in for the long haul. In nine months I'll have enough to take a few years off. Like that piece of ass he was with. Yeah, I guess money don't buy class. Are you nuts! It's too risky! He's in the bathroom. Where's Taylor? What is happening around here!!! The engines! Because, Taylor wouldn't do that, that's why. What are you going to do about it? I'll tell you what you're gonna do. You're gonna stay put like Taylor said. You're gonna give him those bank codes, you know why? Because I'm telling you to, that's why. I'm not losing my life over some greedy pig. Look. We're talking about life and death here. I don't know why we're even having this conversation.There is a high level...of passenger dissatisfaction. I am here to provide service to... to all our guests. There is a high level of passenger dissatisfaction. It is my duty...to report this. My...wings... The device has stopped responding. I am here to provide service to... to all our guests. There is a high level of passenger dissatisfaction. It is my duty...to report this. They are awaiting further information. I did nothing to the monitors. Yes he did. Yes he did. Barnes looks at the monitor - Taylor and the others are still in the dining room - I was there. Officer Taylor accessed my CPU directly to open the airlock doors. They are not functioning properly. Hello second mate Barnes. I was instructed to come to the bridge. That is one of my priorities. Well if you need anything, please feel free to ask me. Just a reminder we have fabulous cuisine available 24 hours in the earthrise room, and a large selection of vintage wines here in our ship bar. Well, there's no better to way to see the world, than with us. Is there anything I can help you with? Congratulations on your...recent award. That's affirmative. I would recommend a maintenance crew in this sector. Certainly. Anything I can do to be of service. I'm sorry. The suit compartments are in a non-oxygenated, zero gravity atmosphere. I'm afraid that's off limits to all passengers. Yes. You can enjoy some wonderful views from there. One moment please... one moment please... Alteration of my central processing unit should be done only by an authorized service dealer. That will not be necessary. You can simply speak to me. I understand most languages fluently. Certainly. I have a full working knowledge of the ships operations. Certainly. If you need anything, please feel free to ask me. Just a reminder we have fabulous cuisine available -- Officer Taylor, how are you this evening?Sheesh! Aye aye cap'n! That's clear. This is a major screw up on your part, goddamn it! Goddamn it Barnes this really steams my onions! Well if you knew it then why did set your thrusters on before making the calculation? Well blaze your ass out of there! You've completely altered your trajectory, are we linking up or not?! You're not helping my heart condition any, Barnes! Now just what the hell are you dragging your ass for? Damage control! What kind of damage? What's going on Barnes! So, what are we waiting for? It's time we lock coordinates. 10-4 good buddy. Well that's your call. Doesn't make a damn bit of difference to me. Just as long as I get my cut. Will do. What about the distress signal? Well don't drag your ass. There won't be much of a window for us to link up. We'll be in your orbit trajectory in less than two hours. Break it down to me, what's going on? Barnes?Well shut it off at once! Look answer my question! What did you say to me? Well, I guess she figures she's paying for it.Good help is hard to find... Look you said it doesn't matter to you anyway! Why do you want to kill more innocent people! Why! Look we gave you what you asked for. It checks out didn't it?! What more do you want from us! I don't know what you're talking about! Mac, can you hear me? Come in? Will you transmit the distress signal? We have the codes here. How do you want to receive them? It's still not going to work! They'll detect you upon re-entry in an emergency vessel! Then we've got to get to the lifepods! You better start making sense! What are you talking about! Can you transmit the code 3 - Transmit the code 3 emergency and take us offline. Override the airlock sensors and hurry! We're running out of time, we have to get to the pods! What is the condition of the bridge? Barnes, can you hear me, are you all right? If anyone can hear me please respond! Bridge! Can anyone hear me?! Well, maybe I'll surprise you. Well, maybe I will. You sure you don't want anything? What, and leave you here all by your lonesome? Man, I'm hungry. I'm going to call the steward, you want anything?. That's very pragmatic of you, Barnes. You want to go back to shuttle work? Why, didn't they say? So, are you on for the next one? Well, everything's running smoother than a baby's ass. All right, I'll give it a shot. You're certain of that? Yes I'm sure I hit the right commands. It's telling me fail mode confirmed. Did you see this? Well it's a good thing that I did. Sounds like you've been talking to Mac too much. I don't know. Wave to them! Try not to think about it. Good. In that case, I pronounce us man and wife. It would matter to us. That's right. Will you marry me? Will you marry me? It did. It is. There's nothing we can do about that. And so far. What do you mean? What happened! What the hell are you doing? Over and out. Hopefully sooner than later. I'm staying with the ship. I'll be all right. Now hurry. Uh, it's ok, everything's going to be ok...now I'm counting on you, and whatever you do keep calm, we don't want them to panic. Hurry. You have to get them out of there! He's out of the equation. Talk to me. I'm in the bridge. Dawn. Come in. I will once I get past the bulkhead. Good luck. I can't! Don't worry about me. There's still a chance I can issue a distress signal. I'm going to try and buy you some time. I can get to the bridge from here. There's only room on that pod for seven. That's you and the others. I'm counting on you to get them out of there. I'm not going with you. A little dab'll do ya. Now you know how to get there, right? No... Take this flare. That's why we need a safe passage. remember what you said earlier, about getting through the wall? That might just be our ticket. A schematic of the ship. Looking for a lifeline to the pods. The room is filled with poison gas. The hydraulic system must have blown. It was no time to lose my partner. We're going to have to hurry, he's on to us. Dawn! Dawn! Don't worry about what will happen, just concentrate on what is happening. You'll live longer. Do you want some advice? Well, Dawn, I'm an optimist by nature. Yeah? One of Barnes' duds, luckily for us. Take this out of the equation right now... Be careful, you don't want to puncture the suit. You're ready for the real thing? So we did. Are you ready? I don't know what we're facing. Simulated space walking. I can't let you do that. Everyone just stay put. If I could get to the bridge I could send the distress signal. Yeah, let's hope he can find a way through. Close every door behind you! You're right. And suppose you couldn't hold out? I don't know the condition of the compartments. Depending on damage, debris...could be a fatal mistake. Damn it. If only we could get to those suits... Dawn then thinks of something - Great. Seen one like it before? With what? How am I going to interface with it? I need to be able to talk to the system and to have the system talk to me. It depends on the condition of the ship. If I could get to one of the suit compartments I could check the exterior air locks for a possible entry. I don't think you know what you're talking about. Besides, what could we use for tools? A steak knife? A corkscrew? Probably come through the wall I suppose. Fat chance of that. Even if we had C4 and a laser torch these doors wouldn't budge. That son of a bitch...that stupid son of a bitch. We don't. I don't know. Really? I'm sure you'll be all right. Well I don't think there's a chance of that happening. It's usually the moon walks. Sometimes you feel like a kindergarten teacher. Well, let me put it this way. Most of the cost is due to safety reasons. Most people are not familiar with space travel, so we have to take extra precautions in the event they do something careless. Well, plus the money ain't that bad. DAWN So, tell me, do you think everyone gets their million dollars' worth on this trip of a lifetime? This is my second commercial flight. I used to run satellite freighters but that got old fast. Ryan Taylor, first mate. Welcome aboard. First time in space? Oh right, right you're on that research grant. Is it safe for human transport? How is it looking, Mac? Ok Mac... I'll talk to you on this. I want to find a way to get to the bridge, then I want you to come back. Mac, what about the suit compartments on this level? Can they be accessed? But the corridor outside this door is open, correct? Now Mac, can you tell me the status of this deck? I know but we're in a bind. Yeah but the ship's mainframe doesn't. I need you to tell it something. I need you to actually do something for me. I need to access your CPU, directly. Right, I understand that... Yes I know all that. Mac, I need you to help us out with a little technical problem. Mac, I have a favor to ask you. Mac looks at Taylor - Mac. What's shaking?Jesus, come on! Anna... Oh Sara... Oh yeah... Well get used to it, 'cause here we are, on the cruise of a lifetime. Well isn't that great. Something to write home about. Yeah, well...I forgot my morphine back in the room. I'll tell you what I'm going to do. He's shutting off the air!!!No, I think hygiene is important. It helps you get into the part. Well, it was nice meeting you. Enjoy the rest of the trip. Well, so we are. Sure is beautiful, huh? So... Well a little business too. In my upcoming project Star Trackers I play a ship's captain, and I really wanted to get a feel for the outer space experience. I feel it will add more credibility to my performance. Well I appreciate that. Oh, thank you. Koros, as in...Koros? Dimitri Koros? Uh, yes I am. And you are? Excuse me? Evening.