No. I feel something. Make a blind here? Wait for the buck to return? It matches the pictures. You broke that idiot's jaw for no reason other than your boredom. Tell the truth, Roland. Aren't you even interested in knowing this expedition's quarry? How do you mean? But alone? We always had great success together, you and I. I got a call from a gentleman who's going to Costa Rica, or thereabouts. If he's to be believed, it's a most, uh, unique expedition. And very well-funded. You. Tell me, Roland, when was the last time you answered your phone? How did you know?Why didn't you tell us about these guys, Ian?! Like if you shoot yourself in the foot? Wouldn't matter. You'd be dead before you realized you'd accidentally pulled the trigger. It doesn't matter what I think. Former academic. Now I actually make things. I don't just talk. Light and strong, light and strong, sure, why not, it's only impossible. God save me from academics. Minimal.Ian, you are my last chance to give something of real value to the world. I can't walk so far and leave no footprints; die and leave nothing with my name on it. I will not be known only for my failures. And you will not allow yourself to go down in history as a lunatic. You're too smart. You'e too proud. Dr. Malcolm. Please. This is a chance at redemption. For both of us. There's no time to equivocate, we must seize it now, before -- You'll need an animal behaviorist, someone with unimpeachable credentials. I believe you already know Sarah Harding. She's got theories about parenting and nurturing among hunter/scavengers I bet she'd be dying to prove on a scale like this. If you convince her to go, it'll be a major coup. When she publishes, the scientific community must take it seriously. I've been putting this together for over a year. I have personal suggestions for your entire team, phone numbers, contact people. They won't believe you about what they're going to see, so don't bother trying to convince them. Just use my checkbook to get them there. I'll fund your expedition through my personal accounts, as such money and equipment as you need, but only if you leave immediately. If we hesitate, all will be lost. It would be the most extraordinary living fossil record the world has ever seen. After the accident at the park, a hurricane wiped out our facility on Site B. We had to evacuate and leave the animals to fend for themselves. And they did. For four years I've fought to keep them safe from human meddling, now I want you to go there and document them. Isla Nublar was just a showroom, Ian, something for the tourists, Site B was the factory floor. We built it first, on Isla Sorna, eight-some miles from Nublar. The hatchery, in particular? You know my initial yields had to be low, far less than one percent, that's a thousand embryos for every single live birth. Genetic engineering on that scale implies a giant operation, not the spotless little laboratory I showed you. Well? Didn't it all seem a trifle compact to you? You were right -- and I was wrong. There! Did you ever think you'd hear me say that? Spectacularly wrong. Instead of observing those animals, I tried to control them. I squandered an opportunity and we still know next to nothing about their lives. Not their lives as man would have them, behind electric fences, but in the wild. Behavior in their natural habitat, the impossible dream of any paleontologist. I could have had it, but I let it slip away. Thank God for Site B. It's the lawyers. The lawyers are finally killing me. When you have a lot of time to think, it's funny who you remember. It's the people who challenged you. It is the quality of our opponents that gives our accomplishments meaning. I never told you how sorry I was about what happened after we returned.If I don't move, I can't shoot it. It's... behind... us. Why? Do you think the rex might have the infant with it? The radio rig is inside. It runs directly from the geothermal generator, so power shouldn't be a problem. Operations building. Far end of the street. What is that? The velociraptors. What in Christ's name is going on?! We've got to transport it seven thousand miles. Would you prefer it bit off the leg of a crew member? Had to. To keep him still for the trip. I hadn't planned on bringing carnivores back because of the liability risk, but I only thought of adults, it never occurred to me -- You are a billion dollar idea, my little f- You're kidding yourself. An adult T-rex cares about one thing -- filling its own belly. It acts the way people wish they could, that's why everyone's fascinated by it. If people had the chance to see one dinosaur and one only, ninety-nine percent would -- Killing lessons? Heartwarming. You rally think this'll draw the parent? Why not just use a scope and a poison dart and snipe him from a hill? How close do you have to be? What kind of gun is that? Where do you think you're going?! Okay. You heard his, Dieter. Find a new spot. And remember, we're after herbivores only -- no unnecessary risks. What? Why? Piss. InGen is my livelihood, Dr. Malcolm, and I will jealously defend its interests. People will know what I want them to know when I want them to know it. We made a generous compensatory offer for your injuries. You version of it. If your university felt you were causing it embarrassment by selling wild stories to Hard Copy, I hardly see how I am to-- You signed a non-disclosure agreement before you went to the island that expressly forbade you from discussing anything you saw. You violated that agreement. So, you two were just, uh, telling old campfire stories, were you? I lost everything I came after on this trip, but one T-rex in one theme park could single-handedly bail InGen out of Chapter 11. You know how to work a radio, don't you? Don't ask me. The guy's completely out to lunch. Their what? Trespassing, sabotage -- you could go to jail just for being here, did you know that?Because I didn't know! I don't have the faintest idea what they're doing here. Is there an antidote? Is there anything we've forgotten? Anything at all? You think I'm all talk, Eddie? You are an academic. "Minimal" is too much. It has to be light, it has to be strong -- Any damage? I'm not going, John. John . . . So what? Are you out of your mind? I still have nightmares, my reputation's a joke, my leg is shot -- you think I need more of that? No, no, no, no, no, no . . . I don't believe you. What are you talking about? What? They do have motives. Why did you want to see me? Your message said it was urgent. I didn't know you -- weren't well. Resentful. Come on! I'm fine... I'm fine... Are you all right?! Anything broken? Exactly what John Hammond wanted us to do. Where does it say that? How could you possibly? This is nothing like Austin. Forget about it. Out of the question. You'd miss the gymnastics trials. You've been training for that for a year. That Richard. Well, is he? You know, at the bus stop. With the hair? Is that kid still bothering you? Very hurtful. Your mother tell you to say that? I'll make it up to you this summer. I promise. I can't tell you. But I'll be back within a week. Well, I do, and she's fantastic. She'll take you to the museum, maybe to a movie if you play your cards right. You're going to have a fantastic time. Okay, Karen is expecting you in half an hour. You only have to stay with her one night, she'll put you on a bus in the morning and your mother will be at the station when you get there. Kelly! What are you doing here? What's he got in there? It was a payoff and an insult. InGen never-- There are no versions of the truth! This isn't a corporate maneuver, it's my life. I didn't tell anything, I told the truth. You cost me my livelihood. That on which I relied to support my children. Do me a favor. Don't pretend for a second that you and I don't know the truth. You can convince Time magazine and the Skeptical Inquirer of whatever you want, but I was there. Something's wrong. DAMN IT, BE SURE!! I have to find Kelly! For sixty seconds, maybe! Look at this! You could- This is single-wall construction! It's just a shack! We can't stay in here! Where's Kelly? I don't know. No. No. What do you think they want?! So do it a favor and put it out of its misery! ?! Dr. Juttson, please take Kelly back to camp right away. Leave the other car for us and we'll meet you there in an hour or so. Our chance to do what? You can't stay, Kelly, that's it. It's too dangerous. No way. She's nuts. You gentlemen feel you have to do this now? Four, counting the one in the chamber. It's called self-testing. But in your case, it sounds more like self-destruction. A uniquely human characteristic. In fact, human beings destroy things so well that I sometimes think that's our function. Maybe every few sons, some animal comes along that kills off the rest of the world, clears the decks, and lets evolution proceed to his next phase. Maybe death and destruction are our job, maybe we're supposed to destroy ourselves and every other living thing that- But why? I don't care about my life. But if I'd ever thought for a second that she would be in danger -- Yes. And people will live in the absence of truth. Because it exists. So that others would know about this place? Just -- flawed. Very deeply flawed. A statistical phenomenon. Says everything in the world goes in streaks. It's real, you see it everywhere -- in weather, in river flooding, in baseball, in blackjack, in stock markets. Once things go bad, they tend to stay bad. Bad things cluster. They go to hell together. You ever heard of Gambler's Ruin? We'd never make it past the raptors. Trust me, I have some experience in this matter. No. I'm quite certain you can't. Birdshit? What? Maybe. Maybe not. They're pushing us over the cliff. Oh, God. Then the only thing left to do is make sure we do get back. I'll call the mainland on the satellite phone and have them send the boat right now. This expedition is over. All right. I'm satisfied with the evidence we have right now. I feel vindicated. John Hammond will too. Do you have enough to publish? Are you insane?! Current evidence seems to be to the contrary, wouldn't you say?! GIVE IT TO THEM! Think fast, Sarah. Can you set up? John Hammond. No! We're an independently funded expedition. I'm her father. You're going home. I'm sending a radio call for the boats. We'll all go down to the lagoon and wait for them. You know you were putting yourself in a potentially dangerous situation, but you didn't bother to find out how dangerous before you leapt in. You don't have the faintest idea what's going on on this island! That's a scientific impossibility, you know. Heisenberg uncertainty principle. Whatever you study, you also change.Are you looking for a problem? You gotta be kidding. You dragged me out of Greenpeace to be a corporate stooge? You couldn't get anybody else? Is that who we're really working for?! Gene splicers?! -humidity, I know. Highest lead density on the market. Oh -- Look! Sarah! I think she's with Sarah! Head for the roof! It'll hold! We're sure as hell not going back out there" She's with Sarah! Come on! What are they? Lava? No way. What do they want?! No! Get in the car before they hear us! It has a broken leg! There' no reason for name calling. I don't know these guys, but I know 'em. I've seen 'em on Japanese whalers, French barges trying to dump barrels of nuclear waste in the North Atlantic. They're all the same. They spray us with water cannon when we try to stop 'em, sink our boats, and then call us crazy. Then this is our chance. Do you see any family resemblance here? Oh, my God. She's gutty. Where's Kelly? JUMP! There's, uh -- there's an unwritten rule when a news crew is in a war zone. You stop the van every two miles and decide whether or not to go on. Whether or not you feel lucky. One "no" from anybody in the group and you turn around right there, no question asked, nobody embarrassed. Well? Do we go on? Immediately: I'm trying! Give it more morphine! That little black line? Ruining everything, that's what they're doing. You could choke on the diesel smoke already! The kid scores with cheap sentiment. Oh, no! He doesn't need a friend, he needs a shrink. Oh, please. How am I supposed to keep a straight face when -- -- Johnny Cash here tells me I'm going to Skull Island? Hey, I wouldn't want to spook the woolly mammoths. Women. 'Bout eighty percent female in Greenpeace. I was a cameraman for Nightline for six years, been freelance since '91. Do a lot of work for Greenpeace.You hear something? If the nest is upwind, so are we. When he comes back, he'll know we're here before we have a chance. The truck -- It certainly does. Ajay. Go on up to my ranch, take a look around the trophy room, and tell me what kind of quarry you think could possibly be of any interest to me. Sorry. We were saying? A true hunter doesn't mind if the animal wins. If it escapes. But there weren't enough escapes from you and me, Ajay. I've decided to spend a bit less time in the company of death. Maybe I just feel too close to it my-- Just a little bit too much, I think. Well, I'm a very well-funded old son of a bitch. You go. Last time I plugged it in, I suppose. Why? That cheap aftershave I send you every Christmas, you actually wear it. I'm touched. Sit down, sit down, what brings you to Mombassa? Let it go, Peter. The animal won. It's just fed. It won't attack unless it's threatened. Don't move. We took to the rock. Possible. Good. Where's the power and radio setup? Piss. What is? Isn't it obvious? You've broken its leg! What? Rex won't be any different. It'll come. I once saw a bull elephant die charging a jeep. All the jeep had done was startle the bull's calves. I saw a lioness carry wounded prey four and a half miles, all the way back to its den, just to teach its cubs how to finish off a kill. Forty yards. Less, maybe. I assume it'll take a slug in the brain case to bring him down. My father's .600 Nitro Express. Made in 1904. Karimojo Bell gave it to him after he took down his last elephant. 8700 foot pound striking force. To collect my fee. Good lad. Peter, if you want me to run your little camping trip, there are two conditions. First -- I'm in charge, and when I'm not around, Dieter is. Your job is to sign the checks, tell us we're doing a good job, and open your case of scotch when we have a good day. Second condition -- my fee. You can keep it. All I want in exchange for my services is the right to hunt one of the tyrannosaurs. A male. Buck only. Why and how are my business. If you don't like either of those conditions, you're on your own. Go ahead and set up your camp right here, or in a swamp, or in the middle of a rex nest, for all I care. But I've been on too many safaris with rich dentists to listen to any more suicidal ideas. Okay? Carnivores hunt near stream beds. Do you want to set up base camp or an all-you-can-eat people bar? Cancel that, Dieter. Now's the perfect time. The animal just fed, so it won't stalk us for food. Predators don't hurt when they're not hungry. Don't let it out of your hands again. Can the kid walk? How many rounds did you find for that weapon? You remember that guy, about twenty years ago, I forget his name, but he climbed Everest without any oxygen, came down almost dead. And they asked him, "why did you go up there to die?" And he said "I didn't. I went up there to live." Somewhere on this island, there exits the greatest predator that ever lived. And the second greatest predator must take him down. So the truth is more important to you than your life? It'll still exit if they go on not knowing, won't it? Why should they? Why did you come here? Feeling a bit blue, are we? What's that? Look, we have two choices. We can hike back down to the lagoon, where we can sit for two days, in the open, next to a heavily used water source while we're waiting for your boat to arrive, or we can head for the village, where we might find some shelter and we can call for help. Runs against my nature to hole up in a cave and wait. Can the kid walk? You go if you like, but we're not waiting for you. MOVE IT OUT!! If we can't stay in the rex's territory, we have to move tonight. None of that matters. Our communications equipment's been destroyed. If your radio and satellite phone were in those trailers that went off the cliff, and I'm guessing by the look on his face --