Yeah, see you bright and early Monday am. Say, where's the wife? Don't see how. I think the public's had its fill of this gangster stuff. No, trust me -- disaster pics. And air hockey. Well, hey, isn't that a one-in-a million coincidence. A real dreamer, Jim Williams, eh? Clair, George Clair! What the hell brings you to New Canaan? Up the organization! Bastard. Got a meeting uptown. Overpriced bomb, cost over $6 million -- no stars, and no one's into the horror genre these days anyway. I'm advising the company recommend reducing positions there. It's disaster films that are gonna stay at the top. Gotcha George, not a problem. Tomorrow. Hey, you want to start covering the old filmed entertainment sector yourself? Paul? Yeah. You think -- Yeah. Well, we can just -- Do you think? Maybe we should call someone -- Sure. I'll try. And we'll talk in the morning? I'll drive you -- Elena. Ready to go? Elena, you're just getting wound up to get wound up. Elena, it's not what you think. It's not a big plot. Honestly. Honestly. I don't know if you want to go over this now, but it's just something that comes over me. I don't feel good about it. I know I've done what I didn't want to do. I don't know -- Elena. I'm not. I'm not staying at this party so we can go home with someone else's wife. That's not why we're here, right? We're simply being neighbors here, and I think we should do just that -- I think we're here and we don't have to stay -- we ought simply to put in an appearance and then we can head home. Yeah, well, if we'd understood we could have invented some kind of excuse. A key party -- did you see how stuffed that bowl was already? I know, I know. I had no idea -- Oh, yeah. Yeah, we'll be right back, Dot. You've... Sure I do. Do I know what loneliness feels like? Sure I do. I know a lot about it, if that's what you mean. What else could I be? What else could I be? We're not living in the real world here. You're living out some fantasy land from the past, or some advice or something from those psychoanalysts... there are some hard facts here. Well, what kind of faithfulness are you after? Am I unfaithful? Is that what you're trying to say? Listen, Elena, if you're gonna pull that passive aggressive stuff on me again -- Elena, what are you're talking about? What do you mean? What's on your mind? Don't -- You think I -- No advice from the experts, huh? What's for dessert? Yeah, that one. Oh, just dropping off a coffee cup. Jim left it, last time he was over. It was on the dash of the car. You were, you know, reading, thought I'd just catch some air. Let's eat. I get you loud and clear... hey, you look nice. In the basement over at Janey and Jim's. With that weirdo Mikey. Not even a TV on. And they're on the floor and he's got his trousers down though thank goodness she's still dressed. Well, I really let him have it! ... and Wendy came home peacefully... Hey, should I dress for the Halford's now, or - give me your - You go dry off now. Stuffed and baking. What? Yikes -- I was hoping to wear this thing to the Halford's Friday. Hell, I know. I -- I guess if you want to accuse me, you've got -- Oh hell! I've got to pick up Paul. I almost forgot. You have to bring this up now? What? Did I do something here? Is that it? Is it something I did? Whatever that means Elena -- And you complain about me not communicating... I thought it was -- You crying? You know Elena, I've been thinking-- I do. I'm -- are you...? Um, yes. You all right there? Oh yeah. Musk, or something. You like it? Rough day. Good night. I'm, uh, going to bed. Well, it is a neighborhood tradition. You want to go? Good night. Elena. Yeah but Elena, even you don't believe all that "I'm OK. You're OK" stuff you keep babbling about -- you say so yourself. I've been all ears for about ten years now on his subject, and -- Oh not again Elena! If we've got problems, why can't you just come out and talk about them. Then again, why should she be? I mean with us, with our... Why shouldn't she be? That shrink -- the one you always wanted me to see? I thought you dropped him. I wasn't star-- And as usual no one believed me... Gotcha. OK, OK, the defense rests. Want another? Libbets? What kind of name is Libbets? Ah let the guy have his fun. What's the name of this girl with the Park Avenue address? Stay out of trouble. Thanks. Um, Paul. On second thought, can you do me a favor and pretend I never said any of that. All the more reason for this little heart to heart... great. Holy! Well. If you're worried about anything, just feel free to ask, and, uh, we can look it up. Well, the whole gamut. Facts of life and all. Some fatherly advice, because, I tell you, there's things happening that you're probably old enough... well... For example, on the self-abuse front -- now this is important - it's not advisable to do it in the shower -- it wastes water and electricity and because we all expect you to be doing it there in any case -- and, um, not onto the linen, and not on your sister's underwear or any clothing belonging to your mother -- You know Paul, I've been thinking, maybe this is as good a time as any to have a little talk, you know, about -- well -- Well it's good to see you -- we miss you around the house and all, but this St. Peter's, it's top of the line, eh? Anyone special? You know... Grades? Classes? So how's school treating you? Lab experiments? Right smart guy -- Paul, you know your mother's gonna be disappointed not to see more of you -- In fact, let me make this more than a simple request guy, I think you should... Well good. Just confirming. You'll be on the 3:50 Wednesday afternoon. Hey guy. Things ok up there? You all right? I just can't believe you could be so -- Jimmy? Jimmy? I don't know how to take this. And what do you mean, Jimmy? I thought you said you and your husband -- What? Don't bullshit me around, Janey. Jesus Christ, I waited around for more than half an hour, in nothing but my boxer shorts, and -- and what's all that about? What the hell happened? Damn right, but where the hell were you? Right. Gotcha. Huh? Yeah, but, I -- I've been working a lot lately, and -- No, that's not it. I guess we've just been on the verge of saying something, whatever it is, just saying something to each other. On the verge. Maybe it's all for the better, you know? Yesterday, at dinner, well, she hasn't said anything... has she acted funny to you, I mean, have you noticed anything? After the Thanksgiving I had, I need it. You having one? Gotcha. You have a point there. That's a very good point. We're having an affair. Right. An explicitly sexual relationship. Your needs. My needs. You're absolutely right. Yeah? It's like farming. I am basically chewing up large tracts of expensively landscaped scenery with overpriced sticks, and George Clair has obviously, in the mere two years since he joined the firm, he has obviously been taking secret lessons with a golf pro, and I assume the entirety of his disposable income has been devoted to humiliating me on the golf course. And the guy talks - incessantly -- throughout the entirety of the miserable 18 holes - on topics that are the supposed domain of my department -- C'mon. Your toes cold? I mean, he's not serious, he'll end up living off Janey and Jim, you watch. It's just that you develop a sense when you get older, if things are going to work out or if they won't, and sometimes it's not worth the mess... Look, kiddo, don't worry about it. I really don't care that much. I'm just not sure he's good enough, that's all. I'm not interested in your smart ass remarks now, lady. Let's go. Right now. You and I can discuss it on the walk home. Who else would I be talking to? And take that thing off! What do I think? I think you're probably touching each other. I think you're touching that reckless jerk-off, for god's sake, and I think he's trying to get into your slacks. I think, at fourteen years of age, that you're getting ready to give up your girlhood -- What the hell are you kids doing down here? Jesus all right enough! What you been up to? I'm picking up Paul at the station - want to come? Good night kiddo. If I were a fascist I would have sent you to one of those Southern military academies a long time ago. Now get to bed. Get to sleep young lady -- and I mean it. That was a joke? You don't tell jokes. What? Oh. Elena wanted to know when we could expect you on Thanksgiving. It's just going to be you this year. Alright dad. But you sold the house, you didn't tell anyone, including the IRS, and I'd of certainly liked to have seen if there was any old stuff -- But I -- well maybe I love her. Elena. But... -- 73 -- What advice? You never -- But dad, you guys truly hated each other, I mean really hated each -- Well, Elena and I have kind of been talking, not really talking, but -- Actually it's not about work, it's advice about -- You know, dah-- I was actually trying to see about getting a little advice, you know -- -- Well what am I supposed to call you? We don't have to always go to your club, dad. Darn it, Dave. It's what? Good shit. Thanks for the advice Dave.Pharmaceutical! You are a god. Like into one of the other 20 or so bathrooms they've got in this place. Moisture! Moisture! All will be revealed, baby. You oughtta read this Hood, Nixon, our leader, all ye need know about the travails of life. Check out the Checkers speech stuff. My man, I speak to you solely as a comrade in arms offering unconditional aid. I've been giving this one a lot of thought, and I believe that the two of you together might just reach that higher ground that -- Am I right or am I right? Aha! I could sense the vibe. Um, Libbets Casey. Do what? And remember, with your erogenous zones lubricated as such with the mighty herb, do not attempt terrestrial contact with members of the opposite sex -- because you drone on like a motherfucker when you're stoned. Paul, let me enlighten you about something. You and I exist on two opposite sides of a great existential divide, that being your pathetic virginity on the one hand and my astonishing number of sexual conquests on the other. I'm off to get laid. See you. See ya. Paul, cancel your mental appointments, baby. What are you, like still stoned from last night? Waste not Master Hood -- that was $20 for the bag. The water, as you call it, is a special mixture of amaretto and Ben&Ben blended for just the exact chemical interaction with the last of our precious Thai stick. Arise and shine, young Hood. Come on Paulie, share the wealth. You copped 'em from her mom's stash anyway. Groovy. Young master of the revels, a treat for our hostess? Everything's gonna freeze, the big freeze. Howdy there. You, young knight. Can you check on the mead? Can you sally forth and secure us some more mead? Awesome sleet and rain.In Rhode Island with the folks. I'm a free agent tonight. Well, gonna make a break for the hors d'oeuvres guy. Yeah, good. Darned right. Look here, Benj, whaddya make of this sequel to The Godfather? You think it's gonna work? Well, it's the funniest thing. I've been talking to some investors -- a little outside venture, you understand, between you and me -- about a scheme to manufacture a new Styrofoam packaging. Little peanut like pieces that can really keep an item free from trauma during shipping. Miraculous. Anyway, it turns out the genius behind the whole project is your neighbor, Jim Williams. How about that! Benjie! Right o'. Brilliant. Hey, you heading out a little early today? Ben you know that's your territory - and I wouldn't dream to trespass - you're the expert. Hey, how do you think Paramount's gonna do with that Blatty novel, what's it called? The Exorcist? And speaking of which, you have those market share charts Mr. Shackley was asking about?Don't fret, Benjie, it's -- Sure is good shit. It's opiated. I had it in my chamber for a while. I was smoking this other -- Welcome to the Monkey House has been a seminal influence on me -- hey Benjamin -- give it a try? This stuff will make some sense out of those larger questions.I thought I'd start trying. If you don't mind. But I am going to Florida and I do have a new nurse. Jesus, Benjamin, you're still as gullible as ever. Ben, I'm going to Florida. I hate Thanksgiving and I hate the cold. I have a new nurse. She's a negro, she weighs three hundred pounds, and I've decided to leave my entire estate to her. It was all junk! It's not the taxes I object to. It's all the fines and penalties. But what? -- 73, and divorce is as easy as paying off a traffic ticket, and for crying out loud, Ben, be a man and just get it over with. I would have if I'd had the chance. That's besides the point. The point is if I'd had any sense in me I'd have divorced your mother 40 years ago, and that's the truth, and here it is, 1972 -- -- Waiter! Where's my cobb salad? You want advice Ben? If your big brother were still alive I'd have him go out into the back yard and beat some sense into your head. Look kid, you married that woman against my advice -- -- Your mother, God bless her, stood by me for forty-two years -- we never once contemplated divorce - I assume you're talking here about divorce? The very thought -- Oh for crying out loud Ben, you don't mean to tell me that your marriage is going down the drain now -- Advice? I'm supposed to be getting the stock tips from you, Ben. Unless - have you quit your job? They fired you? That's besides the point. And why are you still calling me dad? You're forty years old already, and --Phone's out. I hope the pipe's -- You want to come in, get a cup of coffee -- warm up? I can either walk you home, or you could crash in the guest room. Yes. Well, I guess we can walk from here. You okay? Of course. That's fine. I wouldn't expect you to see it any other way. Jesus, let me make it up to you -- I can do better than that, honestly -- Things are really rotten at home. You wouldn't believe how rotten. Janey's sick. She's unstable, I guess... it's not the right time to tell you... but that's it -- it's like I can't make her happy, the boys can't make her happy, she just doesn't -- Nah, that wasn't in the contract. What the hey. Let's go for a drive. Look, Elena, the fact that we're neighbors... you know, close friends, well it sort of makes this a little strange, don't you think? You want coffee or something? Somehow it was different in my imagination when I thought about it. Actually, I didn't think about it at all, really. Thanks, but -- oh, I don't think so. It's been kind of a discouraging evening. Well, I have to say I don't have much faith that my car keys are still in that bowl. Doesn't seem entirely safe, leaving your car keys around? Hell, I guess he takes after me, huh? You notice anything with Mikey lately? The kid seemed a little out of it tonight, eh? Sorry honey. Hell, we've got to trade this thing in for a normal bed.Yeah. When it freezes, I guess that means the molecules are not moving. So when you breathe, there's nothing in the air, you know, to breathe in to your body. The molecules have stopped. So it's clean. Out. I'm not good at math. Just geometry. Sure, anything but this English. Yeah? I don't have a girlfriend. Who said so? I'm sorry if I got you into trouble. Maybe we don't have to, you know... unless you really want to. You get in trouble? You're parents at that party? 4:30 movie. When Worlds Collide. When worlds collide. Wendy! You like him? He worships you. Why did you -- with Sandy? Maybe we can mess around. You know, only if you want to... There's a TV in the basement. See, no one's here. Maybe you want to go to the basement? I dunno. I -- I don't ever want to see you. Tell Sandy? What? I'm chewing. Want some gum?Libbets. Libbets Casey. See you. Sure dad. Uh, dad, you know I'm 16. About? Yeah. Hnnn. Fine. Good. All right. Well dad, actually I thought I'd take the morning train on Thanksgiving -- got a lot of studying, papers, you know, lab experiments -- I'm fine dad. Hi dad. One for you and one for me. Check it out. Not for the faint of heart. And whence has yon virginal maiden absconded? Huh? Francis. You gonna leave the seeds in there? In the binding like that? Shit. You're not planning -- What do you mean? What? Sleep all day. I mean, look, it's already getting dark outside, and you're just getting up. How can you do that man? Flame on, asshole. Where you going? No more man. I'm about to drop as it is. I gotta get to English class. Man, Francis, you are one drug addled elitist freak, and when the revolution comes I do not want to be lined up with you and shot, 'cause you're fucking ripe for political reeducation, you know, like in the fields. I hope you changed the water in that bong from last night. Right. Cool. So, how about we take a bath together? You do? I'm glad. Because I feel for you -- It's like very positive, and I feel a real special feeling, because you really -- Sure I do, you know, like your aura. That you give off. You know Libbets, I really feel, you know, like a real connection to you -- Maybe you should have just a half. Well, uh, I don't, it's really -- Hey, it's a sellable skill. The Idiot. If you liked Notes from Underground, you'll love The Idiot. Um, Libbets. Hey, Dostoyevsky, I'm also really a fan, and what you were saying, you know, have you ever read The Idiot? Good thinking Marge. You think Francis is going to beat me to the punch here? How do you know this shit? Truly? Do speak. It's beyond mere physical attraction. I'm in love with Libbets Casey. What are you doing at home on a Friday night? Shit. I can't really talk about it. I guess I better get to the train. I'm, uh, in the midst of a moral dilemma. And I was wondering, because I know you're a very moral person, and -- What time is it? Charles, what time is it? Her name's Libbets. It's a one-on-one kind of date thing. Calling an individual, Charles, in New York. Confirming a social outing for Friday night. May I operate your telephonic apparatus? I don't know. Dad seems a little weird. How are the parental units functioning these days? Hello, Charles. Watching what? Charles. Have you been keeping out of my shit? Have you refrained from entering the sacred precincts of my room?Sometimes the shepherd needs the company of the sheep. Perhaps you might find it in your heart to call me Philip? That I will indeed. I'm afraid she's something of a gossip, isn't she? Ouch. Now you are being rude. You weren't. You actually, for some reason, you have the effect on me of making me feel just a tiny bit ashamed of myself. If that's a potential you see yourself fulfilling... I mean... My, I sound a bit -- Self-realization. Ministering to help people reach their fullest potential. Would you believe me if I told you I want you to see yourself reach your fullest potential and self-realization? You ask what the point is? -- And God the angry parent, and the Spirit the hope of an integrated adult self. In many ways, the church-bound tradition of the father, son, and holy ghost is simply a version of the parent-child-adult triad within us all. It's a primitive set of symbols for our inner psychology. Forget how to ride a bike. They say you never forget. Well I of course flatter myself that our church is not exactly what most people would call organized religion -- at times it's the disorganization that's liberating -- and of course I've begun to minister much more in what one might call therapeutic environments, in small groups, and one on one, couples -- It's been a tremendously transformative year -- maybe a little controversial of course, but we're breaking down the old Unitarian barriers -- No need to make excuses -- Reverend Edwards. Philip Edwards. You came by and checked out the congregation a couple of times last year. Elena. Elena Hood, am I right?No! You know, it's the whip -- the one uncle Frank got me from Mexico. You going to tell dad? It's freezing. Where you going? Why are you so good at math but not in English? Geometry? Mikey? No one. Stupid! Is Wendy Hood your girlfriend? I don't know. How do I know? I love you. Huh? Okay. It feels warm. Vodka? We -- we have to go to the guest room. We can't stay in here. What if Mikey? My parents? Communist Viet Cong. If it wasn't raining we could take him outside and blow him up. Are you his girlfriend? Mike's out -- I think he went to Silver Meadow to see if you were hanging around there. What are you doing? Yeah. They were old. And they couldn't fly anyhow. I'm going to get a radio-controlled airplane at Christmas, and then I'll stuff it full of m-80s and then fly it into Mrs. Burgess's English class and blow it up. All my model planes. Well, you can... Mikey was looking for you. Hey Wendy.