It's too late - I appreciate your assistance, M. But this is now a military operation. - Thank you, M. But this is more than your man can handle. Are we in agreement? - I'll be sure to acknowledge 007's 'assistance' in my report to the Prime Minister. But this is, still, a naval operation. 36 hours. They've already sailed from the Persian gulf. I resent your tone, sir. I have men who are missing - Excuse me, but - I must formally protest this meeting. Given the nature of what's occurred - and the need for secrecy - I see no reason to involve the air force, the army, or MI-6. This is an internal affair that should be handled strictly by the officers of her Majesty's Royal Navy.I'd rather die alone. What about the gold? - Instant melt-down. ...So that's what the weapons grade uranium was for. Are your guards really going to kill a helpless girl? I'm sure they will. Sidney, perhaps we should leave this to - Briefly. ...Words to live by? Or disinformation... If you wanted to, say, beam down a signal to send a ship off course? Maybe one degree a minute? ...Although it must be fun to have all those satellites. And still not a thing to watch. So why did you leave? Yes. I can see: You've hung the rest of your relatives. Sightseeing. I can feel your pain. I wonder if it runs in the family. I see. Sir Elliot. I'm on my way. How did you get this number? We'll see about that. Which part? The Colonel's? Or yours? It's a beautiful boat, Sir Elliot. Practically glows in the dark. You might say I've always been one of Mr. Valentin's biggest followers. Where can I find him? I appreciate your time - Did you test the auto-pilots? The satellite positioning receiver? I'm sorry. I know. Pirates from Sumatra want the cargo; smugglers from Thailand and Burma want the ships. What - no lust for adventure? - We all want what we can't have? Moneypenny! How indiscreet! Have you ever known me to kiss and tell? In the darkest moments, it's what I live for. Especially since I've heard how much you like to watch... On the hidden camera. Moneypenny! We've got to stop meeting like this. They may be on to us. Tsi tien, Chien-penny. 4:30. It may take me a little longer to wrap things up here. Moneypenny... Here I was, finally getting a feel for a new tongue - I must say, Q, you seem to be doing rather well in your retirement. ... 17 Beverage cup holders? - Four wheel drive? Do I have to dial '9' to get out? Do you have any idea of what any of that means? In English? I'm sorry. It was a national emergency - Q! How are you? I know what I saw - Yes, the ship is down there. But the gold is gone. ...That's all well and good, Captain, save for one thing: There's no gold down there. Don't you think you're overreacting? Wait a minute - Yes - One thing at a time. I'll see you in twenty minutes. Go. Why didn't you tell me? Why wasn't it in our files? Paris - Shhhhh... What about the uranium? Do you? What about Elliot Harmsway? Or is this just another one of your stunts? Nothing. I've got half the British government breathing down my neck. I don't have time for your nonsense. Is this another one of your games? I thought your specialty was good-bye. Paris?!? What are you doing here? Political considerations? Perhaps. But it does explain how an ex-KGB agent turned illegal-arms dealer is suddenly portrayed as a long-time friend of the people. If you believe what you read in the papers. Occasionally, yes. British media mogul. Born in Hong Kong; controls newspapers, TV, radio, cable, satellites; books, magazines, movies, computer software. Theme parks. A wedding band??? What am I supposed to be able to do with this? If you can't do the time, don't do the crime? I see... Does it work on cash machines? Perfect way to tie up a... 'Knotty' problem? ... Shoelaces? Saunders, I've lit cigarettes - Fishing? How is old Q? It must do something. Come on. I know better than that - Okay, Saunders. What is it this time? Rocket in the leg? Machine pistol in the arm? I'm not certain... But I think there's someone I want to press for some answers in Kuala Lumpur. Sidney Winch, meet - That's reassuring. Wait a minute - I've got it. There! Off the port bow! Who knows? Fog, night... He tied one on. Can you arrange a meeting? I have to get these to London. Do you know this Captain Cheong? We work in the dark. We do what we can. She married a hockey player. Natalya? Not if you kill us first - unless that's how you plan to leave Muffy. Tide and current charts. Work backward from the body - find where the ship sank. Where did you get the boat? Something with an engine? Not oars? Let's take a look at the body. That's reassuring. Wade, what the hell are you doing here? Thanks. Take care - No. ... Kids? Married? Depends what number you write. Of course. They point, I shoot. Interesting presentation. And when might that be? And number two? ... Yes? ... Yes??? I didn't say when I want to die - Sleep well? We blast through. If it's radio controlled, it'll break the code. Another reason??? Did I miss something??? Here. You shoot. I'll drive. It's a lousy job, but - The only reason I stay is for the health benefits. Sometimes you just have to - Put your arms around my neck. Lock your legs around my waist. Put your back to the railing. Sit up on it. Trust me. Up. Cleans dirt. Let's go. Not a lot of difference. ... How did you get into marine salvage? Wait here. The only mistake is that they didn't kill us in the elevator. Maybe. But why are we going up instead of down? He's killed closer. Blood or Dutch? Harmsway sank that ship and stole the gold. It's on the Sea Dolphin II. And thanks to your little show and tell - - giving him the evidence - We're the only ones who can tie him to the crime. Listen to me! I'm a British secret service agent. And we have about two minutes before Harmsway kills both of us. You heard me. A gun? I left mine in the car. ... Do you have a gun? Why don't we just take these - Just remember: They think there's ten billion dollars in gold down there. If I were you - - The family jewels? I hope you'll be gentle. I hope so. No. First, because I don't think it's in your nature. And second, because there's no gold down there. You have to excuse Miss Winch: She thinks she's on a 'seduce and destroy' mission through life... ...But she won't kill us. Nice to run into you again. I'll keep that in mind. Insurance. Lloyds of London. Actually, I'm here on business. You might say it was a... Golden opportunity. Pity. Bring him whatever he wants. Boyfriend? Vodka martini, shaken not stirred. And another for you? This afternoon. Our boats practically kissed in the harbor. James Bond. - And I bet you always leave turmoil in your wake. I wonder if you handle your liquor more carefully than you handle your boat. A three-thousand ton frigate doesn't just vanish into thin air. The infrared satellite images. No heat, no flame, no explosion. If that boat went down where they said it did, there should have been some residual heat reading on the surface. It doesn't quite add up. I have an excellent teacher. 'Make sure you wear the uniform'? Sorry I'm late - ...I'll give you a ring from Venice. Hopefully, it won't get that far. .... I hate to ask, but... Did you ever think you'd miss Communism? I understand. ... Didn't we once investigate Harmsway? Of course. ... What's Harmsway done? 'Able to topple governments with a single story' - as he says in his press. Only what I read in the newspapers. Of course. Minister Johnstone. Yes, M. Tsi tien, Professor Wu. Is that Mandarin, or Cantonese? Remind me. I was just getting to the interesting part! And what do you call these? The Gang of Two? Indeed they are. Deadly little things. ... And what do you call these?Him? He, is a she - at the bar. Maybe you should talk to Sidney Winch. Owns a marine salvage company. Nobody knows more about the Strait. Next morning. Both boats. Nothing wrong. My 90 year old grandfather thinks 'Ghost in the computer - Silicon Dragon.' The Kuala Lumpur ferry was 35 miles off-course that night. Captain blamed the auto-pilot; I suspected he was drunk - until the Sumatra ferry captain had same problem. Sometimes kill the crew; other times - Torture them. In the Strait of Malacca, when a boat is even five minutes late, one begins to worry, Mr. Bond.That's absurd! It took two squads of forty men fifteen days to load that gold. What are you talking about? We went through all this and the ship isn't even down there? Yes. The famous James Bond. I've heard all about you, sir. You were under direct orders to act as an observer - and yet you had to go off, on your own, like some half-assed CIA cowboy - Endangering the gold, attracting that lunatic woman, and then putting in a distress call for us to save your bloody hide. Get them out of here. If he says one word, shoot him. Guard! Arrest these men! Escort them to the cutter! Good-day, Miss Winch. I advise you to get some steam up - before you run aground. You leave me no alternative. Hmmm. I suppose this is a step above that profession. Ten seconds. Are you leaving? Fifteen seconds. Perhaps you should consider hiring an attorney. Good for you, Miss Winch. You now have exactly 30 seconds to get this rust bucket out of here. Captain Morton. Who's Wade? You have precisely one minute to pull up your anchor and be under way. Who's in charge here?And the 9:30 news meeting is waiting. The Queen invited you to dinner - Your bankers want an answer about the Brazilian TV stations The American presidential candidate called to complain about that sex story - The Canadian Prime Minister wants to set a lunch -Chew up a log like that in the propeller, you end up with enough paperwork to go from here to London. Twice. A dead head. Water logged timber. Floats straight up. You sometimes see them on the east side of the channel - from the logging camps on Sumatra - but they don't usually float this far west. Muncy! Engines to half! How is it now? Check it again. What about the global positioning satellite? Could there be something wrong with the signal? What's wrong?Take the girl. Leave the handcuffs. We'll drown her at sea. ...As the advertising says: Tomorrow never lies. Chernobyl will look like a campfire. Precisely, Mr. Bond. In a matter of minutes, the boring device will arrive at the core of the reactor... And when the radioactive blades cut into the plutonium - My guards are from South Africa, Mr. Bond. This is their chance to get even with the formerly 'Great' Britain. Now both of you. Put your hands on your heads, and step forward. Good-bye, Mister Bond. ...And what's that, my dear? Don't pout, Sidney. I invited him here hoping he might shed some light on your story. He's from 'Lloyd's of London.' ...Aren't you, Mr. Bond? Your choice. Look at the time! Come. There's someone I want you meet - about a story I'm thinking of publishing. You see, Mr. Bond, you and I are both men of action. But your era is passing. Words are the new weapons; satellites the new artillery. And make no mistake about it: In the right hands, they can be as deadly as your Walther PPK. Fantastic idea Mr. Bond! Perhaps I should buy it for a book! It's totally preposterous, but - You amuse me. ...And now perhaps I can amuse you. They're merely tools to disseminate information. Welcome to the new world order, Mr. Bond. Churchill had his armies; Caesar had his legions; I have my divisions: News, sports, business, entertainment. And these are my foot soldiers: 2000 people working on 14 floors to feed 300 newspapers, 4 cable news networks, 87 magazines, and 29 different cable TV channels - in 35 languages. Because it's a dying city. Since the Chinese take-over, who knows what can happen tomorrow? In any case, this is my father, Charles: A royal bastard who started the first radio and television stations. Said I'd never amount to anything, but... I turned it into this My third great Uncle - the Earl of Aberdeen - negotiated the purchase of Hong Kong from the Chinese. His son-in-law - George Harmsway - made the first family fortune, running opium into Shanghai... His son, Thomas, who lost it, smoking the opium... And my grandfather Henry, who opened the first telegraph station, and published the colony's first English newspaper. It was a city of unlimited possibility. I call this the Rogue's gallery. By the way - what is it that brings you to Kuala Lumpur, Mister Bond? Still, I do miss her. I only wish she could have lived to see all this. The only difference between a psychopath and a genius, Mr. Bond, is the degree of success. I tried to save her. But she remained a manic depressive: Fits, inappropriate behavior... Delusions of grandeur. Before I became involved with Paris, she was always involved with the most inappropriate' men... Playboys. Thrill seekers. Middle aged Peter Pans who only brought out the worst in her. Come. Let's get out of the noise. - I'll give you a tour of the building, then we'll talk. Mr. Bond! Nice to see you. Oh, please, Mr. Bond. We live in the information age! Information is currency - and with the right currency, you can have any piece of information. Besides I own the phone company. What do you say? Twenty minutes? A piece of advice, Mr. Bond: Don't screw with a man who buys ink by the ton. It's deadlier than uranium. I hope you've enjoyed this little charade. I can tell you're a man with an eye for exquisite possessions, Mr. Bond. Darling! Come here. I want you to meet my wife. Always nice to meet one of her Majesty's fellow subjects... Especially one with such distinguished friends. Excellent. Yes - No - Send him a $10,000 campaign contribution, and explain I have no control over what my journalists write - Pencil it in for the next trip - How sweet. No matter what the British government says, I won't kill this story. Miss Oxford will show both of you to the elevator... And one of my people will definitely be in touch sooner than later. ...Well! I do believe this requires further investigation! ...I see. - But as I've explained to Sidney, without proof, there's just no story. Don't you agree Mr. Bond? Obviously, the British government denies all of this - I see you two have met. You come with me - You stay here. A hundred and fifty years ago, my ancestors took this island - a barren, lifeless rock - and turned it into the greatest city known to modern civilization. And now that I'm being forced to give it back, I intend to return it in exactly the same condition: A barren, lifeless rock. The gold is merely reparations - payment from the spineless British government who wouldn't listen. Hong Kong, Mr. Bond! Bore through. ...They used to say living well was the best revenge, Mr. Bond. They're wrong. Revenge is the best revenge. Start the grinders. Please, Sidney. I'd like to remember you fondly. Excellent. Don't worry. Mr. Bond will get the message. So will his boss. Kill him! Finish it! What the hell is going on? No. I have a better idea. In fact, Mr. Bond may have actually improved my original plan. Bring them both to Hong Kong. And Make sure he has nothing else up his sleeve. - Built to withstand a nuclear blast. Are they alive? I should have hired this man. Get somebody up there! Get more men up there! Good. We have an appointment in Hong Kong. Is the helicopter ready? Mr. Stamper will escort you to the plane. ...But because I am a just man, I've decided to give Mr. Hussein what he deserves. You disappoint me, Number Three. ... And there's no truth that 10% of that money will go into your Swiss bank account? ...Haven't we already paid him for his services?Aye-aye sir. Engines to half. Seems to be back to normal, sir. The back-up does the same thing. About every ninety seconds, the auto- pilot jogs us to the west. Damn. It's doing it again.I expect to have that gold recovered in 36 hours. Until then, I'm imposing my own electronic silence: For the sake of the economy, not a word to NATO, the press, the CIA. ...And so long as Commander Bond here seems to be such an expert on these matters, I want him to go along as an observer. Are we agreed? At least we know where the gold is. When are the recovery ships due? And I have the entire British economy to worry about. Why wasn't the ship protected?!?! Why was it sailing without radar? Admiral, are you suggesting - Good evening. I've just spoken with the Prime Minister at the economic summit in Tokyo; he's expecting a full update within the hour. For those of you still unaware, some forty minutes ago - To the best of my recollection, Mr. Bond, I suggested no such thing. In fact, I was never here. There is one last thing, 007: Elliot Harmsway is vital to the economic interests of this nation. He's also a major contributor to the party. I expect him to be given every consideration. Need I remind the two of you that Elliot Harmsway - Sir Elliot Harmsway - is directly descended from the Earl of Aberdeen? That his Scottish ancestors practically invented Hong Kong - and out of sheer gratitude, Queen Victoria herself named the port "Aberdeen Harbor" in their honor? More scurrilous, unsubstantiated gossip. His newspapers?Thank you sir! Thank you! Please sir. Please - No sir! I swear! This is not true!! Yes, sir. But he still feels his people should share in the increased profits of our news division. He has proposed an additional 500 million dollar payment. I regret to inform you, sir, that Saddam Hussein is still demanding a bonus for his role in the Gulf War.Don't even think about it. 007. They're my granddaughters. Standard equipment. The world's automobile manufacturers seem to be in some kind of mad war to see who can provide the most beverage cup holders. Yes. And do try to keep all four of them on the road. All the usual refinements: Smoke, missiles, machine guns - Fully operational remote control. Drives forward, reverse - Stop that! Plus infrared thermal imaging radar, heads up instrumentation, and 17 beverage cup holders. Your new car. I don't care who you dial, so long as it's not me. Next - Not a clue. I didn't lose the ship. Next, your new personal communicator. Picture-phone, fax, beeper. That hardly makes up for the imposition. Now, for what I hope will be the very last time - pay attention, 007. First, computer generated retrograde analysis map. Body here, meteorolog- ical influences here, likely vector- ing of the ship's coordinates here. Retired. I'm not getting paid to help you save the world anymore.I believe Q's exact words were: "Hopefully, nothing." Oh. I almost forgot. There is one last thing: Before Q retired, he asked that I give you one other protective device. Finally, your new watch: Blue laser here for signaling or burning through locks; press this button, the sweep hand becomes a Geiger counter. It was an authorized test. I returned the money. Moving along - A typical plastic security card. Name here, magnetic information stripe here - And a code breaking microprocessor here. Swipe it through any card reader - anywhere - you're in. Plastique explosive shoelaces. Cut them to regulate the size of the blast; totally harmless until you attach the detonator hidden in the heel of your shoe. Not from forty feet. Big game fishing. Sonar torpedoes. Retirement gift from his friends at the CIA. Gone fishing. Now pay attention, 007. We haven't much time to demonstrate your new Q toys. Well... If you insist. Q's retirement party. I'd just put the knife into the cake, and -Now. If you think we're going to have some kind of 'life affirming' romance here just because we cheated death, let me be clear: We're going to have it where I want, and when I want. First, that boat is in international waters. I'm claiming it for salvage. One-third of that gold is mine. Before we go any further here, Mr. Bond, from Lloyds of London, I just want to get two things straight. What do you mean, you'd rather die alone? Next time, I do the driving. If not? You insist on calling all the shots. And by the way: I am not a helpless girl. ...You know, that's another reason you're probably not in a successful relationship. Is this - like - a normal day for you? Don't say it. ... We have time for that? Are you listening to me? What now? And don't give me some movie clich� like 'trust me.' Down? What the hell does that do? What do you mean? My father left me the business. No. I'm going with you. This has got to be a mistake. You are seriously deranged. He was my father's best friend! Elliot Harmsway is my Uncle! That's funny: you struck me as the kind of man who always carries protection. What? No. I want Sir Elliot to keep them. Thank you. "Now hear this: Drop dead." - You're not. And what do you call this? Think about mom. Do I have to do everything around here? So charming! So suave! Don't insult me. I'm not one of your 'little London girls' who falls for the lies. No? - Shut up! Let's not make it a habit. I see my date is here. And I think Mr. Bond is ready to leave. The Strait can be a very dangerous place, Mr. Bond. A few words scribbled on a piece of paper in London doesn't carry a lot of value out here. Including life insurance. And exactly what business are you in, Mr. Bond? So what brings you to Kuala Lumpur, Mr. Bond? Wait - don't tell me: Unhappy marriage? Running from some poor little girl with two kids and a Chanel pocketbook in - London? Chaperone. I'm waiting for my dinner date. No. But you can buy a drink for my friend, Taro. Sidney Winch. Have we met? Sometimes, you just have to plunge into things. Be reckless. Bourbon. Neat. You won't get away with this! No. I was an attorney! I know my rights. These are international waters. The British Navy abandoned that boat, and I'm claiming it. Under international law, I have the right to salvage what's on that wreck. My name is Sidney Winch, and - What's your name? Forget it. No way. I got here first. I am. What do you want? My timing always was lousy. Thank you, Uncle Elliot. He brought that up from the wreck. - I told you! He was there! - What is HE doing here?It's Bond! Yes. Shall we kill them? They're on the bridge. Seal off the 50th floor! It's a trick! After him. They're in the south stairwell! Fueled and waiting.Yes. Soviet SB-9 nuclear torpedo. Yield, one kiloton. Maybe. Maybe not. I don't know. He's not in the database - Kim Dae Yung. North Korean Nuclear specialist. Oh, no. One to seven: Deal the face cards.Where to now, Jimbo? Jack Wade. Citibank. Commercial loan division. If you're ever lookin' for a sweet refinance on the boat - I got you covered. They'd never sail this close to the shore. I dunno, Jimbo. It can't be out here. How could they get this far off course? Yo! Jimbo! I won five hundred - What happened? Hell. The CIA built that club. Spends his nights at the Kuala Lumpur yacht club. I envy your 'undercover' assignments. Yeah. Russian Minister of Transportation. I think I've just seen my next future ex-wife. Seized it from a guy smuggling computer chips out of Bangkok. Should have seen his rose garden: Blooms the size of hand grenades. What do you want with the Harbor Master? Step into my office. I don't know if you'd call it a boat... Hey - the world is my office. I am not here, ol' buddy. The CIA has absolutely no knowledge of the missing ship, the missing gold, where it was going, or when it left Hong Kong.Take the men. I can finish alone. You have to leave - Entering the main tunnel - ten minutes to target - Approaching the first gate. The drill is in the water; approaching the intake tunnel. That was too close.