We've come to the halfway point in my senior seminars...  Come on.  Beats study hall, doesn't it? No! Thank you, Jimmy. Hey, man, at least in study hail I could meditate. He means masturbate... Something Kirk with which I'm sure you have hands-on experience. We've all heard the words, date rape, sexual harassment.  We've talked about some of these things in this room. Our speakers today head up the Blue Bay Police Sex Crimes Unit -- Detectives Ray Duquette and Gloria Perez. They're here to give you what we hope will be a fresh perspective on these subjects, and to answer any questions you night have. Thank you for having us.  We'll each talk for ten or fifteen minutes, then open it up to your questions... Let's begin with a question.  What is a sex crime? Not getting any. Hey, Carole, you too.  And be good. This is one of the original buildings. We have the offices here now. Sam Lombardo.  The first.  Class of 'Forty-Two My father. Art.  Say hello to Detectives Perez and Duquette. Art Maddox. A fellow guidance counselor. So, did you set 'em all straight on the ugly facts of life? I have the feeling, they got it down already.  They're a step ahead of us, Artie. I've got that two o'clock in town. If old pictures interest you, come back some time, there's quite a collection down in the pagoda.  I'll see you get a proper tour. Okay, you guys.  Good work.  Now coil those dock lines and I'll see you all on Monday. All right.  I could party on that. That's about all it's good for. That's the one to have. The Windward Passage.  I crewed on that one summer. Long time ago. You know, I want to thank you for getting me into this class...  No way was my old man going to spring for the fees... Hey, you're working for it. Least you're supposed to be. Can I play too?  Or is it just for boys? Well, you know.  Figured I'd buy a Washing ticket, support the effort. That old Jeep of mine's kind of a waste of time, don't you think? Okay, try me on Sunday.  I'm going out to the Everglades on Saturday.  You guys can wash the mud off. What about you, Jimbo, you need a ride? What? A ride.  You want one? Yeah.  But I got my bike. We got room for one more, Suzie.  You need a ride? I won't. Hi, Sandy. Can't.  Got a passenger. I can't, Sandy.  I've got to run. Sorry, Sandy.  I've got plans. Swamp's where it's at, Sandy.  Gives you a look into the muck we all crawled out of.  You ought to try it some time. Eat a power bar. No I didn't.  Check out the Jeep.  It's nice and dirty for you. But you might want to wait a minute. The Mercedes is leaving. In back of the garage. Kelly. Senior class fund-raising gig.  I told 'em they could hose down the Jeep. Hey, come on.  It's for a good cause. So, where you off to now? Jeez, that thing... Can't you... All right.  I'll have to look for it. Give me a minute. Sly old fucker.  How you got so big, wasn't it? Barbara? Hello, this is the attendance office at Blue Bay School.  Your son or daughter is absent today, Monday... What? Counseling. Sandy... What's up? No. Didn't you see her this morning? So maybe I'm a one-woman man. Goodbye, Sandra. You're saying that Kelly was raped by Sam Lombardo. "No little girl can ever make me come." Jesus.  Too bad.  We might have some physical evidence. Why? Or maybe she thought that was what she wanted and she got a little more than she bargained for... The line I get on this guy, is that he's done half the women in Blue Bay. Where's this coming from? That would make it about the time of her old man's suicide.  You don't think that could explain some erratic behavior? I want a full-scale investigation. I don't care.  You heard that girl's statement.  I think he's dirty.  Get me a case. It's our job, Gloria. That's good, Jimbo.  I'll see you on Monday. What's left of my sailing class. Talk to me Artie. Kelly Van Ryan... ... is accusing me of rape.  Jimmy told me.  Apparently I'm the last to know... Sam... I... Sandra Van Ryan's been on the horn with every member of the school board all day long.  She's pushing for suspension... This is insane. All I can tell you Sam, is hang in there.  They clear you of this mess, you get reinstated, with back pay... That's great.  I'll just tell my creditors I'm not a rapist.  No problem... Shit. I can't believe the board's going to act without even hearing my side of it. The Van Ryan family created Blue Bay. They built the school... Sandra Van Ryan calls up the board and says kiss my ass, they say, left, right, or in the middle. You're gonna need some help on this one, Sam.  You're gonna need a lawyer, and he'd better be a good one. Sam, hey, it's been a while. Looked for you at the ten year reunion. You missed out.  Three days at the Disneyworld Hotel... Partied ourselves silly. Couple of your old flames were there. You remember Jill, with the knockers. Blew up like the Goodyear blimp. But check this... Ken.  I'm in some trouble.  I need an attorney and you're the only one I know. So I figured I'd start here. Well, I'm glad you did.  And I'm sorry. Why don't you tell me about it. What did you do to your neck? Oh this... chiropractor did a number on me. I don't really have to wear the thing all the time. Go ahead, Sam.  Shoot.  Let's see what we've got here. Georgie, hey.  I'm meeting Barbara.  She here yet? Mr. Lombardo. This is not appropriate Lombardo. Barbara... Are you all right? Yeah, I'm okay. That's too bad. I figured, you know, it would be darker in here. Good thinking. You can tie whoever did it to Sandra Van Ryan... Forget it. Lady has some deep pockets.  That's all I'm saying. I know how deep her pockets are, Ken.  I thought I might be able to save my fucking house with an equity loan. Guess who's on the board of directors at the bank? Can't you take that stupid thing off? Not in here.  Chiropractor comes in here for lunch sometimes. You're not in bad shape, really.  I know you think you are, but you're not.  Let me tell you why. Sandra Van Ryan. What's that supposed to mean? For you to be getting this kind of heat, for what they have on you... It doesn't add up.  Sandra Van Ryan's got 'em running scared. And I'll tell you something else, you rush, you get careless. Nellie Gail Ranch... Sound nice?  It's a fucking drug rehab farm.  It's where Kelly Van Ryan went when her morn fished her out of the swamp. Meanwhile, you get educator of the year I mean there's no way they can put this thing in front of a jury. Shit, they haven't even taken your statement yet.  Reason?  They're still shoveling dirt and my guess is, they're coming up empty.  Now tell me I'm right. There's nothing for them to get. Good.  So what we're going to do is march right to Hunter's doorstep.  We're going to insist they take a statement. We're going to tell them to charge your ass or get off your back. They're walking a fine line here. Defamation of character, malicious prosecution... I just want my life back... Fair enough.  Let's go make a statement. Why don't you tell us one more time, how Kelly came to be with you, alone in your house. Story's the same, Detective... I had to go look for this coupon. The one you bought at school. Like I said, I hadn't really expected to use it. Anyway, I'm going through a drawer.  I hear a car.  I look out the window.  I see Nicole driving away.  I leave my room, and there's Kelly. In cutoffs, a wet T-shirt. Yes. And she wanted to talk. Yes. But you can't tell us what she wanted to talk about. I could, but it's confidential.  Look, the point is, we didn't talk.  I told her this was not an appropriate time or place. And she began to cry.  And you put an arm around her. Yes.  Mainly to turn her toward the door.  I told her we would talk on Monday, in the office. Again.  I think we covered this.  I told her I was going to call a cab. But she ran away. That's right. No. There's a strip mall not half a mile from my house.  There's phones there.  I cruised the place, but I didn't see her. I figured she was probably there but that she was angry and didn't want to be found.  I don't know... Maybe I should have called.  But it's not like Kelly can't take care of herself.  I figured we'd just take it up on Monday, in the office. But you do admit to touching her, to putting your arm around her.  Isn't that against the rules? It is and I don't.  Ordinarily... But, I mean... there's this kid standing in front of you crying... With a thirty-five inch bustline in a wet T-shirt with no bra... Fuck you.  This is bullshit.  I'm outta here. Sit down, Lombardo. All right, all right... Enough. We came down here to make a statement. We've made it. If you're going to charge my client, do it now. I didn't think so. Let's go. I've spent the last ten years of my life working with kids.  I love what I do, and I think I'm good at it. These kids trust me, and there is no way.  No way in hell I would ever betray that trust. Nice speech.  Either of you buying? Not that stuff about her running away, him trying to find her.  That's bullshit. What about witnesses? We've got three.  Guy mowing his yard, couple of kids playing hoops. And what do they say? Still doesn't explain why he couldn't catch up with her.  I mean how long does it take to put on a shirt? Phone, Bryce.  It's Sandra Van Ryan. Christ Almighty.  That woman's calling me six times a day. I think you're onto something, Ray. Stay with it. You're telling me you believe the guy? I'd better return this. Seen any good gator wrestling lately? Yeah, well, Van Ryan got his.  I don't imagine he gives a shit now. You remember that little girl walked out of our talk at Blue Bay? This is where she lives.  She wants to talk. Beats the shit out of me why she would call me at all.  I busted her once for possession.  she wound up doing about six months at Camp Nine. It's a shithole.  But she was dirty, what was I gonna do? Evening Ruby. I see you still got Walter.  I was sort of hoping something had eaten him by now. Suzie called.  You know where we can find her? Meet my partner, Gloria Perez. So Suzie, you called us, remember? No. It doesn't look like it. You guess?  Did he or didn't he? And then what... he touched you?  Did you maybe flirt a little... What did you do then? Suzie!  Did this man rape you? So you're the new chicken licker. ... what happened to Kelly Lanier Van Ryan and Susan Marie Toller that will forever change the lives of these two young women?  What happened in those fifteen minutes alone with Samuel Lombardo? Do you need more time? I know this is hard, Kelly, but I have just one more question and even though its something we've been over, I want us all to be very clear about it. When you made the decision to stay at Mr. Lombardo's house, after he had offered you a ride.  When you saw that he intended to have sex with you, what were your exact words?  What did you say? And did he? I'm sorry... you said it hurt?  Why? Ms. Toller, did Samuel Lombardo rape you in your family's home on the 23rd of April last year? Ms. Toller? Ms. Toller.  I'm asking you now, under oath, did Samuel Lonbardo rape you? I'm sorry? The Court would like to hear what Miss Toller has to say. Miss Toller. I don't believe it... Your Honor... I must object... I think I made it plain that the Court intends to near Miss Toller's story. Sorry?  Just how far did you intend to let this go? Your Honor... Please... Any more interruptions Mr. Hunter, and the Court will hold you in contempt. What you are telling me, Ms. Toller, is that Kelly Van Ryan is responsible for conceiving this entire charade... I've found that adolescents make the best liars.  They're old enough to be good at it, but you want like hell to believe them, because they're still children. Come on, let loose! I was just thinking about where I'm gonna stay.  I lost the house.  It's like waking up from a goddamn nightmare. You'll get over it. We've got a knockdown, airtight, motherfucker of a lawsuit against Sandra Van Ryan. Just like that? Just like that?  These people ruined your life, bro. I told you they were going overboard and they did... They'll settle.  Believe me. They'll be begging to settle... You don't think you're overdoing it? That might have been a possibility, if little miss not-so-bright here hadn't started throwing things. See what I mean... You like seeing your name in the papers? Leave town, Sandy.  Go to your place in St. Barts.  Let things cool down. They'll try for twenty million.  The cheaper the lawyer, the higher the demand. I said that's what they'd ask for. Tom Baxter.  Good to see you again. Let's cut the crap.  What does your client want? Besides an apology? Unless you're planning on leaving Blue Bay, there's gonna be other cases, other days... You might want to keep that in mind. Okay Tom.  My client wants your client to saddle up... so we can ride her ass all the way to the bank. Lizards don't seem to miss me. How you doing, Artie? I... You know... I... Take care of my lizards, Art. Kelly... Look, Kelly... I'm sorry... I know what you've been through... I should've seen something like this coning. You see.  I couldn't stay, even if I wanted to. I'll be seeing you. So long, Tom.  Come by sometime.  We'll have lunch at the Beef Bowl. I don't think you're gonna be eating at the Beef Bowl anymore, kid. Thanks Ken, you did okay. Look, I know there's a part of you wishes none of this had happened.  But it did.  Now take the money and get out of here.  Find a happy place. Damn maid. Ahhhh! Jesus Christ, what are you doing? About six and a half million dollars. God, you scared the shit out of me.  You must be crazy coming here. Jesus.  Two million one hundred thirty-three thousand three hundred thirty-three and change. Now calm down.  Both of you. From now on, if we're seen together, it's got to be accidental.  I thought that was understood... Kelly, for christ's sake... The only way we're gonna blow this now, is if we do it ourselves... We have to stick with the plan. You saw the news today? Hey, don't back away from it, you were right.  We did look stupid. What you were wrong about, is who made us look that way. Think back, before the suit was filed, before the trial.  Lombardo had an affair with Sandra, right? So why not tell us about the affair?  I mean it could be a hell of a motive for Kelly to fabricate her charge in the first place. I thought of that.  Then I said, come on, you're Lombardo.  Your reputation is getting trashed.  You want to stop the bleeding.  You don't want to sit in jail for three months.  Unless... Unless you're setting up Sandra Van Ryan for the big payday. They chumped us, Gloria, right from the start. The job looks okay to us.  But look at it from his point of view.  The man's surrounded by wealth and privilege.  But for him... it's just a reminder of what should have been his. Your old man graduates from Blue Bay School, you're not supposed to wind up there.  Board of Directors maybe, but not in the lousy guidance office.  Now. Point number two. I've run a financial on Lombardo.  Guy was eyeball-deep in debt before this all happened -- trying to keep up with pricey trim like Barbara Baxter. Her father didn't leave her squat.  The kid's got money in trust from her grandfather, but she can't touch that till her mother dies and Sandra seems to have the idea that Kelly ought to learn the value of a buck. I flat don't like the guy, Glory.  He's dirty.  And I'll tell you something else.  You want to know how old man Lombardo lost his money? He was fucked out of it by old man Van Ryan, on a little item known as the Salt Creek Land Deal. It was after the war.  Van Ryan set up a corporation to develop swamp land, got investors like Lombardo to put up money, then turned around and got the state to declare the area an ecological preserve, on the sly, of course, but everyone knew it was him.  The freeway went to the coast, right where Van Ryan wanted it. You got it.  The rich got richer.  While the saps like Lombardo went belly-up in the swamp. I net a guy in a bar. Nice stroke. Curiosity, I guess. Actually, I was curious about how you see things working out, for you, Sam and Suzie. You all gonna go down to the Caribbean together? The thing about it is, threesomes so rarely work out. I've been a cop for a while, Kelly. It's hard enough for one person to keep a secret, let alone three.  And then there's the love angle.  I mean do you and Sam really want that little pill-head around, now that you have the money? Am I right, did Sam sell you on the idea right up front, of whacking Suzie? That's murder, Kelly. You're good.  But you don't think that little ditz Suzie's gonna hold together, do you? You ought to watch it with that shit, Suzie.  You get busted again, you go back in a two-tine loser. Yeah, they're bad for your health. I'm tryin' to look out for you... Well, you're half right.  Best thing you could do for yourself right now would be to talk to me. Every triangle I've ever seen never lasts.  Somebody's got to go. You, Kelly, Sam. Is that what you think?  You have friends?  Is that what they told you? Suzie, Suzie... This is me, Ray, you're talking to.  We both know you don't have shit, never have had shit, never will have shit... Here, Suzie.  I want you :o look this over.  Know what it is? Sam deposited his check, transferred the funds to an offshore bank, a numbered account.  Not even the cops can find out whose names are on it.  Think one of them's yours? He also put a down on some island property, and a lease-to-buy on a forty-foot sailboat.  You're into sailing, aren't you, Suzie? Don't you see what this means?  You really think Sam and Kelly are gonna give you a third of the money?  You, the pill-head with the rap sheet? You know, I don't think I ever told you I was sorry about your little friend... What was his name? Come on, Suzie, help me out here.  You know his name. That's right.  That was his name. Sometimes I wonder if you're really as dumb as you pretend to be. But you know what?  I'd be keeping a clear mind right now if I were you. I'd hate to see you come to a bad end. Like Davy did. Kelly.  Is Suzie there? Shit.  I was afraid of that.  She left this garbled message on my machine. Can you calm her down? No!  Christ.  Listen, Kelly, I'm counting on you.  You calm her down. I mean do whatever you have to, whatever it takes... Then do it.  I need you on this Kelly. Do it tonight.  We'll figure something out... Okay? Put Kelly on too. Okay.  I want you to hear this too. We've got to be cool.  All of us. People think I'm rich, for Christ's sake.   I'm doing what rich guys do. I'm spending my money.  It's more suspicious if I sit around doing nothing.  Now don't let this cop fuck with your minds. Are you crazy, Ray? You heard Kelly say "Sam."  That was Lombardo on the phone.  And you saw the girls... Ray.  The conversation on this tape is totally unintelligible. What we have here, is you on the Van Ryan property, without a proper warrant, shooting a porn flick... I don't believe I'm hearing this.  A month ago you were pulling these two apart at the courthouse. They were acting.  They were all acting, from the beginning.  And we bought it, hook, line and sinker... And now they're home free with six million of Sandra Van Ryan's money. What?  You wouldn't go after some guy you thought raped your daughter? Cone on.  She bought the same story we did... Listen, both of you.  You're not on a case.  There is no fucking case. I've had it up to here with Sandra Van Ryan.  Ray, you keep mucking around like this and you are going to have her suing us for invasion of privacy.  Get out of these people's lives. Am I getting through on this? Oh, Ray... no... You think this is just about money, about us looking foolish?  Question him. You're gonna find a stone cold manipulative psychopath.  And those girls are going to wind up dead... Mr. Lombardo, please.  I'm sorry about this. Give this idiot something to do.  Let him look into the Kennedy assassination. Next time this guy drags me down here, I'll sue you.  You're goddamn lucky I didn't sue you the first time! Guess I kind of lost it there. Were you ever in a situation where you could see a thing coming and you didn't do what you could to stop it? I mean something bad, Gloria, something bad you saw coning, and you didn't do anything, and then it happened. I did that once.  I don't want to do it again. You look pretty. Hey, I've got it, I may as well spend it, right?  I've always wanted to live where I could dive for my dinner. I was thinking, Antigua, maybe. I'd like that. Suzie, it's okay.  It's me. I was worried about you, Suzie.  I decided we should all get together, one more time, before we split up. No, no.  Look, I probably should have told you a little more, about the part I intended to play. We'll go through it all again tonight. This is a celebration Suzie, not a suicide pact. We'll chill out first, have a drink, watch the stars. Kelly, there's a beach blanket in the Jeep.  Could you get it for us? Let me tell you about this boat I picked out for us... I'm sorry, Kelly.  I'm sorry it had to happen like this.  She was losing it... Are you okay? Been four-wheelin'? I'm not on your property! You say she didn't come back last night. May have been she just partied too much... But we'll look into it.  We find something, you'll be the first to know. It's starting, Gloria.  This is how it begins... I'm gonna take you back to the office. Will you put out a call on Suzie's car for me? Just check out the car. Smile. That's one for the scrapbook. It's those rocks, up there. You and Suzie used to come out here together? Yeah, sometimes.  Lots of the kids hang out here. You really think something bad happened to Suzie? Lombardo ever come out here? I say something funny? No.  But I mean... just the idea that Mr. Lombardo would... Way I hear it, he was pretty tight with the kids, one of the guys... Yeah, but... I'm going to be staying here, Jimmy. You can catch a bus up there at the lot, okay? People aren't always what they appear to be, kid.  Remember it. Lonbardo and Kelly killed her here. Those are Suzie Toller's teeth. The swamp, most likely... Lombardo's a swamp rat, knows the body will never be found there.  But he's made a mistake. You don't think Sam could've put it there? Dust it for prints.  My guess is, if anybody murdered Suzie it was probably that little sociopath Kelly Van Ryan. How soon can we get something? We can get blood type right away. Dental records will take longer.  You want DNA, that can take weeks. Poor dumb Suzie, she never had a chance. Kelly's next, Gloria. Get off this Ray, now. If there is any evidence here, it's for Homicide. You get an ID, you call me. Will you do me one favor? What if I'm right, Gloria?  What if I'm right and Hunter's wrong? What do you do if you see a bad thing coming? Stick with me on this Gloria.  I need you... If I'm wrong about those teeth -- it's a promise. Merritt, Forensics. The teeth doin' any talkin'? What about the blood? Second you get something on those teeth, I want it Hello. Duquette.  Forget him... Yeah, he got her busted for possession... And you believe her? Kelly... Relax.  Take one of your mom's valium or something.  In another week you get on the plane.  It's over.  We're rich. So if they're tapping your phone, we're dead.  Stay in the guest house.  Skip the graduation parties.  You'll never see Duquette.  Okay?  I love you. Isn't that against the law, peeking into windows? How long? Maybe she used another name. I don't know what to say... Goddannit... I don't have to... Come here.  I want you to see something. Kelly's file.  Read it.  You're going to find an angry, sexually confused girl who's made threats on her mother's life and a female lover she'd never identify. You're telling me Ray thinks Suzie was killed.  I don't have to ask you who he thinks did it, do I? All I'm saying is, read that, you'll have a new perspective on things. Then -- I still had ethical standards to protect.  They meant a lot to me.  Now, I don't care.  And no amount of money can buy that back. My ride.  If you're not planning on arresting me, that is. Ray.  What's happening? Where's Lombardo? The blood type on the rocks matches Suzie's. Detective Duquette, Ms. Van Ryan.  Let me in.  Now. Where is she? I'm placing your daughter under arrest. Suzie Toller is dead.  You don't want Kelly to be next, then take my advice. Stay out of my way. I fucked up.  I lost control of the situation, the one thing they train you for... God, what did I do? I told Kelly Van Ryan she was under arrest for conspiracy and murder.  I did her rights. Kelly went crazy, started screaming.  I grabbed her, put her on the floor. She bit you? Bit, scratched.  But I had her pinned. She calmed down.  I was going to cuff her... She said she thought she was going to be sick.  She asked to use the bathroom. I told her I was coming with her.  She nodded, like she understood.  We stood up together. You didn't cuff her? She looked shaky, but lucid.  I thought, I would just go with her, stand at the door... I think I looked away.  A split second. Then, bingo.  Just like that.  She puts a knee into my groin. There was this coffee table between us and the wall.  She got one foot on that thing and launched herself at the gun case.  Thing had a glass door.  I could hear it breaking. I didn't go down, but she slowed me up, just enough.  Before I could get to her, she'd turned on me with this small caliber handgun.  I yelled at her to put it down.  She got off a shot.  I took it in the shoulder.  I... I had no choice. I returned fire.  Two rounds, I think. In the chest. I went there to protect her... The teeth, were they... Detective Duquette; our investigation concludes that this was a good shooting. But that's irrelevant.  You were not assigned to this case -- whatever you imagined this case to be.  And now two young women are dead.  You are terminated with forfeiture of pension and benefits. Suzie Toller's teeth and blood were found near the area known as Stoner Rocks.  Suzie's blood was found in the Van Ryan Range Rover.  This, in conjunction with evidence obtained by Detectives Duquette and Perez has led this office to the conclusion that Susan Marie Toller was murdered by Kelly Lanier Van Ryan... Buy you a drink? Jesus.  I wasn't expecting you 'til tomorrow. Nice girlfriend you had there. Yeah, well, you fixed that. What the hell happened, anyway? The bitch shot me, is what happened. Hey, what did you want me to do, die? Well, shit, you're the cop, they don't teach you to disarm people, shoot them in the leg or something?  You weren't supposed to kill her for Christ's sake. Did you become squeamish about these things before or after you bludgeoned little Suzie Toller to death with a wine bottle? Jesus, man. It couldn't have worked out better. They're convinced Kelly whacked Suzie. I can't talk 'em out of it. We should be celebrating.  This thing worked out just like you said, only better. Kelly was supposed to be framed, not killed. What I'm telling you is, I don't like surprises. Every cloud has a silver lining, partner.  Here's to no loose ends. Here's to no more surprises. Ray... you see that winch by your head? Take a couple of turns on it for me, she's luffing. You mean this thing? Yes, we call it a winch. And these are shrouds, and these are stays. I thought this was supposed to be a vacation.  Why didn't you buy a nice big power boat? Come on, man.  I'll make a sailor out of you yet. Yeah, or get me drowned. Jesus, man... You okay? That how you planned it?  You take cut Suzie, get me to hang it on Kelly, then dump me in the ocean... Come off it, man... It was an accident. You... You're... You're dead... for godsake... You... I should've killed you myself. should never have left it up to him... Sam, for Christ's sake... I can't. Sam, for godsake. That was about as grim as it gets. But then you knew what he was like all along... Maybe his killing Kelly was a thing you had counted on... That was the same thing Ray said. Okay.  Grab that winch there. What's wrong? Okay.  Come here and take the helm. I'll get the winch. You know the place I'm talking about -- the big rocks? We gotta stop.  I'm gonna come. That's not your line. I love you.  Now give me the line. Yeah, real funny.  You're wrong about this, I could get busted on the spot. Buy you a drink? We? How... I think there's some things you do, you don't want to see yourself doing them. You think that's wise? Well, Z guess one taste wouldn't hurt. This was Suzie's boat.  Guess she won't be needin' it. Old lady had her tested once.  They said her IQ was way up there, round two hundred or some such shit. That girl could do just about anything, she put her mind to it. 