"...and so this strange war that  features two provincial governments,  three rival liberation fronts, and  at least twenty-five tribal  associations, grinds into its seventh  year..." "...The Battle for the Airfield at  Abou Deia is just another chapter in  this endless story. From Ndjamena,  Chad, this is Claire Stryder." No -- you didn't hear any music --  must be the connection. Okay? So  long. Alex, don't play that God damn thing  when I'm filing. We're late. I like to editorialize. You drunk? And freed the Proletariat. I'm going to the party without you. You're great at it. Alex, you're going to make a great  anchorman in New York and undoubtedly  I could be a Pulitzer Prize winning  hostess -- but I'm not going with  you. I still like suitcases. I've done all that. Mamoon Abdul Gayoom. I already have. No. Sure you did. You were taking pictures  of me all over the room. In a minute. It wouldn't be the greatest thing  you could give him right now... We just split up. I'm the villain... I thought it could  be a little cleaner this time -- me  in Central America, him in New York. But he's decided to go to Nicaragua  too. To cover everything. No. For godsakes, Russell, listen. You're a genius of bad timing. I'm going back to the party. This is a great shot. I've heard the light in Nicaragua's  even better. My pleasure. "Misunderstanding?!" "Down here"  it's called a war. It started in  nineteen thirty. Before you were  born. He said he considers it an honor to  be able to photograph our war. I can tell. I know. I'm much in demand around  here. Will you excuse me? If you  have any questions, just ask. Rafael? Comandante Rafael. He is  either a Marxist dupe of Russia and  Cuba... ...or the most popular leader of a  most popular democratic revolution. Take your pick. You'd never find him. You would lose. You must excuse me. Mr. Price... the world is not divided  into East and West anymore. It is  divided into North and South. By the  time you people figure that out --  it will be too late. Congratulations on your cover. Hi, Alex... Russell! When did you  get in? You're not going to believe this --  I just beat you guys and everybody  else here to a story... ...exclusive... eat your heart out. I've just been promised a private  interview with Tacho. That's President Somoza's nickname. Fellas! No fighting after six at  night, all right? Curfew. C'mon, we've all got something to  celebrate. Ladeez and Gen'mun, hep me get Aaleex  ov' here... Go ahead. "Well"... you finished your assignment  in Chad? You're going to love this war,  Russell... there's good guys, bad  guys, cheap shrimp... And Alex is still singing in the  background. I missed you. Jesus... he's doing it on purpose. Well... about sixty years ago the  U.S. Marines invaded to protect  American business interests and put  down a peasant revolt led by a little  man who wore a giant cowboy hat -- his name was Augusto Sandino... In  nineteen thirty-four he was murdered  at a peace conference, and the Somoza  family has ruled ever since... The "real" stuff?... you mean a  history of class struggle in agrarian  societies? Oh. Okay... well... Just a couple things. One -- there's only two kinds of  beer available -- Tona and Victoria.  Victoria's better. And two -- if you see Miss Panama  hanging around the hotel bar -- hot,  hot, hot -- but don't touch. She  belongs to Tacho, and if anybody  gets caught with her then El  Presidente has promised to personally  cut off the guy's... Yeah... and throw it into Lake  Managua. And the lake's already polluted. No. Three Mile Island. Jesus... Louis Jordan walks in, and  I'm sitting with the Everly Brothers. He's a businessman in search of a  business... he doesn't try very hard  to cover up his connections to the But look at his moves -- can the  C.I.A. light cigarettes like that? I want you to get me copies of the  Government inventory lists of all  captured Guerrilla weapons. I want  to know if the guns are Israeli,  Belgian, Russian, Cuban... The Guerrillas are not supplied by  anybody from the outside. Fine -- give me proof. Hi, baby! How are you? Has Grandmother spoiled you silly by  now? She has? Good. Yes, I got your letter with the  picture of your new boyfriend. He's  very good looking... but he's a bit  old, isn't he? No? Just how old is  he?... Quince. Diezysiete. You throw a journalist in jail -- it  gets in the papers. You walk all  over the same press credentials you  pass out. I demand to speak to someone  in authority or I'll go to Tacho  myself... I don't understand you --  you're big and strong and handsome  but you're not so smart! You should be trying to seduce us! You're okay? They love being beaten up by a woman I've been looking for you all night --  why'd they lock you up? Jazy?! You think there's a story  there? You need help? No. When should we start. Oh. I assumed you'd just look him in  the eye and say "Gimme a break, for  crissakes, Marcel, are you a spy or  aren't you?" Russell prefers pictures to words... And you're a businessman? No agua. Oh, Marcel! You told me there would  be water in the pool this week! Maybe I should go back to Panama. These are not the normal duties of a  businessman. No. Oh, yeah, yes, etc. Because he thinks she's seeing another  man? We're going to Masaya... they say  the Rebels have hit the cuartel. We're not doing a travelogue, you  understand. Estoy desemperado! Don't let us stand in the way. Did you dream about Miss Panama last  night? Have a good time? And old war injury flaring up? Of course. And the bullet ricocheted off the  film, grazed your cheek, and saved  your life. Did anyone ever die next to you in  combat? What did you do? That's an old joke. My question was  serious. Once. Fast. I'm basically a coward, Russell, I  hope you understand that. I hope we  don't get shot. I thought it was quiet here. No problem -- we leave the car. Now what? Be careful?! Where the fuck we going?  Better light? ...June tenth... the evacuation of  Leon... a woman carries a pig...  signs for the F.S.L.N. are  everywhere... a body... Russell?! Yes. You're okay? Much better than Koufax. Gracias. Can they get into trouble  for keeping us? What about him?! Hello sweetheart, this is your mother.  I'm in Leon and I miss you. Don't  worry about me -- it's not dangerous  at all. I guess you can't believe  what you hear on the news. I'll put  this this tape in the mail when I  get back to Managua, but knowing  what the mail service is like, I may  be home before it arrives. I think  about you all the time and hope I  can make it back before you graduate  from Jr. High. I love you and I'll finish this letter  when I get back to the hotel. Why didn't you tell the guerrillas? It wasn't an easy choice. You didn't take any pictures when it  was over. Yes. No. What are you doing? How long have you been doing this? I'll bet I look great -- give me the  film. I'll develop them myself -- give it  to me or I'll start taping what you  say in your sleep. Girl's names and F-stops. Terrible. Oh! Bloody. You haven't been here very long. About what? I like your cheekbones. Alex, are  you all right? You decided to go with the network. Alex... Alex... The C.I.A. No, no, don't be ridiculous. For the moment. You're late to your own luncheon,  Mr. President -- we can schedule  this for another time. Nonsense -- let them wait. We are a  stunning couple, eh? My stomach is  very flat -- I've been working out. We are a stunning couple. Mr.  President, you own one fifth of all  the land in Nicaragua, you own the  shipping port, the national airlines,  the Mercedes dealership... I am on a salt free diet... Do you always hold hands with  reporters? This is my mother and father. They  were very special to me. Every Sunday  morning I drive out to the cemetery  and put flowers on their grave. I  think people should know that. Would you care to comment on the  fall of Leon to the rebels? My people love me. My stomach is  flat. Did I say that already? No  matter. It is flat. There are reports that the Guardia  operates a torture chamber at  Coyotepe. I like this song. Since the earthquake in 1972 destroyed  half of Managua, over three hundred  million dollars in foreign relief  aid have poured into the country,  yet nothing has been re-built. It is  said that the money has gone into  your pocket. I love the press, I really do. Some  of my best friends are journalists. Ecuador, Mexico, Peru, Brazil, and  Panama are reportedly on the verge  of breaking off diplomatic relations  with your regime. Would you comment? I am busy! Get out of here at once  or I'll put my foot up your ass! I'm sorry to have to conclude this  most pleasant encounter, but something  has happened. My friends... this gathering was not  intended to be a press conference as  much as a... "get-together"... but I  have just been handed a piece of  news. Rafael is dead. He has been killed in an ambush in  the Cordillera mountains of the  Jinotega district. Please my friends -- no questions. A  press release is being prepared. Tacho, Tacho... venga, por favor! How do we find the guerillas? Go two or three blocks and turn right  at the sniper. Then let us out. He just wanted to see credentials,  for crissakes, what're doing? Si. You are looking for Rafael? Do you know why we're here... exactly? Mr. Price doesn't do anything before  announcing it first in the bar. It's a good story. You'll be more  famous. Rafael's tent? Venga, companeros. What is it? I don't know. Venga por favor! Alli! What're you talking about? Then why did they bring us all the  way here to see him? This is Commandante Cinco. Today we took Matagalpa. Leon is  about to fall, and Masaya. And next  week we could be in Managua but it  is still possible to lose. In the last days of our final  offensive the people of Nicaragua  must know that Rafael is alive and  well. We need a photograph. Come with us. Why is he laughing? If Washington thinks Rafael is dead,  they will ship the arms to Somoza.  Do you understand. I spend my whole life separating how  I feel from how I think and what I  see from what I say -- that's called  journalism, isn't it? It's disciplined. It civilized. It  involves distinctions. I'm great at  distinctions. I wish I wasn't so  good at them. Sometimes I envy you --  you don't make any -- it's very  convenient. The only time I don't worry about  all those things is when I'm with my  daughter. Yes! My job is to find a story, then tell  a story -- whatever it is -- because  I believe that if enough people hear  enough stories then somehow, through  information alone, we all have a  better chance to survive. I believe in information. That's a very romantic streak I have  running through me -- maybe it's a  weakness. Information is good --  lack of information is bad. Simple,  eh? You're God damn right it's not. You take that picture you'll take it  for all the right reasons -- I  understand. That's fine for you. But do I go  back and say I interviewed Rafael?  Do I go back and say I missed the  biggest story of the war? Or do I  say Rafael was stone cold dead --  that's the information, isn't it? Or  do I say he entertained us all in  his inimitably charismatic manner  around the ol' revolutionary campfire? Can we throw up our arms and say we  fell in love with the querillas  because their cause was...  sympathetic? Journalists don't fall in love. Which story do you want me to tell? Christ, what the fuck are we doing  here? I want this war to end. I'm not going to tell the world that  Rafael is dead. I think I love you. Marcel! Under a steel gray July sky... start  again... under a gray steel Managuan  sky... scratch it... In an  extraordinary development in Managua,  President Anastazio Somoza has ordered  the Air Force to begin bombing his  own capitol, under a sky... fuck  it... Oh my God... A Scotch, please... Double. I have no idea. Well, yes... it's fabulous. Why are you back? You look good. Things're okay? We've got to tell Alex what happened. I'll tell him. He deserves to know. We owe him that! He got you started in this business...  he covered for your missed deadlines  and made excuses for your  unprofessional attitude before the  world fell in love with your  pictures... Before kids fresh out of journalism  school were rushing off to any war  they could to interview bullets and  take pictures of bodies -- like Price! He took care of you before you were  hot! Before Nicaragua you wouldn't  understand. I'm not sure I exactly  understand. What are we going to do? That's a lie! I don't want to tell him either. Commandante Cinco's body was just  found on the road to Matagalpa. I don't think it's Jazy. Christ! Are we looking for negs or prints? Que quiere? No esta aqui. Una novia suya. No, no, no... Russell? Russell? Hola. You think our flags are big enough? I think what he's trying to say --  what we're trying to say -- is that  things aren't exactly what they seem  to be. Alex! That's not why we're here. Rafael is dead. Who cares how?! No! I wanted Rafael to be alive. I'd do it again. Anything you want. Oh Jesus. She's an officer in the Rafael army --  we saw her in Matagalpa. I wish I was home. Do you think it's almost over? It is with grave concern that we  announce that Alexander Grazier,  senior American correspondent, has  been murdered at the hands of  terrorists... Mr. Kittle has prepared statements  for you. Heard from Russell? Wanta help me find him? Fuck off, Hub, get outta my way. Do you know where the American  journalist was killed? Have you seen him? This is the best I can offer. Nobody is here. Get out. Russell! Alex! You got caught by some boys? Yes. You picked the wrong side. You okay? Russell... what did Alex do? They're not looking for me. Let me have the film... ...if I can't get to the hotel I'll  come back here... Russell... it's more dangerous being  with you than being alone. That's great advice. Yes... perhaps they will. Have you seen La Guardia? No. Is the war over? I don't know. Is the war over? Yes. Es bueno. Can you help us ship it home? Did you get enough pictures? 