When the Newcomers were first let out of the ship, they were quarantined in a camp not ten miles from the town here.  You can imagine how the people around here felt about that.  But once they were releases from the camp and we got a chance to know them, we saw what nice, quiet people they really are...  Looks like a standard combat pump- action.  So what punched holes clear through that car out there?  Pretty heavy artillery for knocking over a liquor store.  Hey, give me a hand with this woman, will ya Jetson?  We've got to get her to Division for her statement and she won't budge.  You said you wanted the biggest thing I could find... Well, this is it.  Casull .454 Magnum.  You're talking twice the impact energy of .44 Magnum hot loads.  Yeah, the shells are too big for six in an cylinder.  Hell, Matt, you don't need but one.  That's right.     (laughing) Ss'ai k'ss?  Perfect.  He's not here.  Why ask me?  She did, did she?  Well, she was wrong.  Excuse me, I have to change.     (slipping out of her     dance costume) Oooh.  Hardball.  That sounds interesting.  Are you going to strike me?  You could tie me up and then do whatever you want with me... I've got my own ropes.  You've got me all wrong.  I don't charge money for something that I myself find pleasurable...  Look, I don't know where Mr. Strader might be.  He comes and he goes.     (tensing slightly) Todd?  Todd doesn't know either.     (continuing) I know... Why don't you hang around for a while, let me entertain you? It's Matt, right?  Now tell me the truth, have you ever... made it... with one of us?  A virgin.  I find that very arousing...  I think you're just a little scared now, about what you might find once the lights go out.  A little scared... and a lot curious.  Maybe more than you want to admit.  But doesn't that turn you on, that curiosity and fear, swirling together?    (coos) Think of it as broadening your horizons.     (pressing herself     into him) Your voice is saying no, but your body is saying yes.     (over the intercom,     breathless) Todd, it's me.  The police were just here... looking for Strader.  And asking about you.  You guys are looking for somebody named Strader, right?  Fedorchuk and Alterez just phoned in.  They found him.    (Sykes and Jetson     react) Or at least what's left of him, washed up on the beach at Zuma.     (continuing; handing     over  the message     slip) They're still there if you wanna catch them.     (flinching     involuntarily at     his touch) Cassandra.  In there.  You... you killed Strader?  Where's Todd?!  Did you do something to Todd?!     (dazed, but all     right) Yeah...  Ready, Daddy...?  