He won't come to church. He lies in bed all day, listening to his headphones. Oh, would you? Ben!   Ben! Mrs. Coetzee.    She looked worried. So you said you'd have a word with him? Ben! He probably deserved it. Shoot me!   Come on, shoot me! Shoot me! Careful with your bag. Can't you see where it's touching? Men of today only like looking. I hope you have electricity with those thick glasses of yours. With your eyes you couldn't find anything. 'They will pay, they will pay.' Since when have they been killing us, putting us in jails, starving our children to death, taking our land? Hundreds of years. And what have you men done? Only talk, talk, talk. You are not men. Sis. (Shit.) "That's the superintendent's office on fire." "I hope the children are home." "We have to dodge bullets tonight." "Vorster must hang for this." "I hope the world hears about this." They picked up my girl -- 13-year- old girl! What about the Baas? If he asks, they will give him an answer. Oh, no... oh no, Lord. Please don't tell me... Isn't that tragic? Jonathan was such a nice boy. Even played with my Johan when they were small, God. You said he was very bright at school. Well, this kind of journalism doesn't help the situation. Look at her face? What does she look like? This bloody Bruwer woman reports one hundred shot, but the radio said only twenty and the police were attacked first. I thought the idea was to give them their own areas, banstustans. Let them live with their own kind. No chance of conflict then. Everybody's happy. You for a start. Come on!    Help me clear these dishes. Coffee!   Come on, Johan.   Time for bed. I'm proud of you, Ben... what you've done for that family. But darling, you shouldn't take these things to heart so much. What more can you do about it? Come, come to bed. I'm sorry, Baas... but it's Gordon. This is Stanley Makhaya... He helps us all the time. Our Gordon? My God. What on earth for? It must be a mistake, Papa. Went down where? You old devil you. Does Ma know? Be careful. I don't want my favorite Papa in trouble, Gordon or no Gordon. Please! Oh, I saw those sheets you liked, Sally, on sale at Bloom's. Will you be free on Wednesday afternoon? I have one or two other things to buy. Come in. Who are you? What do you want? Thank you, Baas. Anything else, Papa? Ben, what's happening? Sometimes it seems to me I don't know you. He's the gardener for God's sake, not one of the family. Ben.    We're growing old. Oh, bloody hell! Ben, you're not a doctor. His death was announced officially. They wouldn't say anything unless they were certain of their facts. You mean the Indian doctor who's been arrested? Ben, I'm sorry about Gordon's death, but please for all our sakes, forget about this whole thing. Let's get back to a normal life. Please, Ben, I'm frightened. Well, thank you, Mr. Ben, sir. Eh, that's father Masonwane, our priest, and that's Margaret from next door. Please sit down. Take this chair, the other one is broken. Yes, it's good. What I want to know is why did they kill him. He didn't do them nothing. You know, Mr. Ben, sir, I washed his whole body for he was my husband. And I know a man who killed himself, he doesn't look like that. Master, you must understand she's still raw inside. Robert, where are you manners today? Don't you greet visitors? I'm sorry for his rudeness. That's right. Our children are saying 'that's enough!' Things have to change in this country. They accuse us of being cowards. Mr. Ben is right. It's not that I want to go on with this thing because it's a bad thing that Jonathan died, that Gordon died that's hard enough to bear, but I can forgive it. But they covered Gordon's name with dirt and we must clean it up, else he'll never have peace in his grave. The truth must be known. They killed my husband who wouldn't hurt a fly and they killed Jonathan who was only a child... They covered his name with dirt. No. In the end one grows tired of being afraid. How can anything come out of that John Vorster Square? Who there will say: 'Yes, we killed the boy and Gordon?' And don't policemen lie? Thank you, Mr. Ben, sir for what you're doing. Captain Stolz lied. My husband never fight the police when he was arrested. They were rough with him, pushing him and threatening. There was blood on them and in the back pocket I found three broken teeth. That's not how my husband writes. He never wrote that letter, they lie. They killed my husband and son. Yes sir, at John Vorster Square. Six months. I was interrogated by many special policemen, but mainly Captain Stolz and the one they call Venter. As they were searching somebody I know, they wanted me to tell them where that person was hidden. As I refuse to cooperate they beat me with a sjambok. After some time I fell and they kicked me in the face and stomach. I spot blood and they try to make me lick it. Then Captain Stolz threw a wet towel and started twisting it around my neck... ... until I lost consciousness. They did this several time and the last one Captain Stolz said 'come on meid, speak up, or do you want to die like Gordon Ngubene?' A few days later I was released. It's the truth. I have nothing more to say. Fuck off. Never mind your car. Let's get away from these vultures. By the way, I'm Melanie Bruwer. Ten out of ten, Mr. Du Toit.      I know about you too. We have a mutual friend.    One Stanley. Stanley? No. Just careful. A big black rough uncut diamond. Don't be fooled by his happy-go- lucky attitude. There's much more to him. I thought a cooling drink at my house. I promise you. I'm not after an interview or anything like that. Please, Mr. Du Toit, and you'll meet my darling father. There he is by the eucalyptus tree, on the left. That's old Bruwer. Oh, about twenty-one years.   I love this house. Of course, Dad. I want you to meet a friend. Mr. Du toit, Dad. Be careful, I can see philosophy coming. What about individuality, Dad? A drink, Dad? The mugs are the few things that Dad brought from Germany. He studied philosophy in Tubingen and Berlin before the last war. Mr. Du Toit, tell... All right, Ben, tell me, why are you so depressed? You really expect a different verdict? Of course I understand it. What could they have. I'm not cynical. I'm only trying to be realistic. Ben and Melanie, that's fair. I'll never stop believing. But in this country I've learned it's pointless to look for it in certain situations. Exactly. And you cannot fight for justice unless you know injustice very well. You've got to know your enemy first. Not at all, Ben. You have already taken the first steps. Welcome to South Africa! Did you enjoy the 'bobotie?' When I heard the verdict on the news I knew you'd be upset. I wanted to make you something special. I'm glad it's all over. You take things to heart too much. Now come on, Ben. Gordon's death upset me, too. But the Magistrate had all the facts. He must know what he's doing, he's had years of experience. The case has run its course, and nobody can do anything more about it! It's all over and done with. I'm damned well sure! It's over, Ben! You better get that into your head. A teacher, always a bloody teacher. You never moved yourself for us. But for the blacks, oh yes. Whose side are you on, Ben? And I'm sick and tired of those natives coming here. Why don't you bloody well go and live in Soweto? Now where are you going? Now, Papa, this is going too far! How could you? You didn't stop to think of the family. Poor mother, how can she face anyone? And tomorrow is Sunday! You listen, Papa, just tell me, why? What's distorted about it? Your face is practically touching that meid's face, like you were about to kiss her. Today the whole country has seen that photograph. We, your children, are going to suffer. At this very moment Chris is negotiating with the Provincial Council. Would you like to see them cancel it? You have no feeling, Papa! Not enough, Johan, to throw myself into the garden boy's arms. I didn't think you would want to have anything to do with me after that crap in the Ossewa. I'm a journalist, perhaps tarred with the same brush. So what happened? I can imagine. The family, the dominee, colleagues, neighbors... Thanks for the compliment. But remember, you're an Afrikaner, you're one of them. In their eyes they regard you as the worst kind of traitor. My mother was a foreigner, I'm not pure, wragte Afrikaner. They don't expect the same loyalty from me that they demand from you. Has it ever occurred to you that the Volk may be scared to leave the laager? That's the downfall of this country. So, where do you go from here? Justice. We know each other well. I'm afraid I don't understand. My father's an M.P.!   Warn who? Papa! Where's Mama? Mama! The perfume and a new hairstyle. Your father insisted that I don't disgrace you. I expected you a little later. Please don't say that, Papa. Well, Ben, still have trouble with my feet. I'll prepare some tea.     I baked a cake. The first one two days after they took him away. And the other one came later. I had given my word to the man -- who brought them to me -- He said he didn't want anybody to know who he is. I cannot make trouble for him in his work. You as a lawyer will understand. We intend starting a civil suit against the police, to do that it is necessary to have as many affidavits as we can from people who have any information about Gordon since he was arrested. And this man is vital and so is the Indian doctor. I'll make some tea. In my house? You know better than that, Stanley. Call the police, Ben, call the police! My God. They were trying to kill us. Oh, is that all... What the hell more do you want to happen... we're ordinary people for God's sake -- and you've pitched us into this -- this nightmare. I can't take any more, Ben... I can't take any more!! Please, Ben, stop. Just stop... please. Please sit down, Mr. Du Toit. A beer, tea or orange squash? You'll excuse me. Stanley, you know what to do with the key. You know it is. Goodbye, Mr. Du Toit, and you, be careful. Alright. I'll tell you. I was brought up in a sheltered way, not that Dad was possessive, not openly anyway. I think he'd just seen enough of the mess the world was in, to want to protect me as much as he could. Then, I went to university. I don't know what you'll think... being a teacher. Then I married my ex-teacher. Fifteen years difference. He too protected me like Dad. Then one day I visited Dorothy in Alexandra and saw her home and the appalling conditions in that township. I was shocked, Ben, and ashamed. That made me think that I was a parasite, something white and maggot-like... just a thing... a sweet and ineffectual thing. I felt more and more claustrophobic. Poor Brian, who loved and pampered me. Had no idea what was happening. I left him for a whole year and we divorced. Chris! They don't know what you've got and you're a danger to them. I know there's a point of no return, but with our system, one has to plot the route with care. And your safety also, Ben, lies in the press. That way the world will know the brutality and power of our security services; here questions can be asked in Parliament. And the white public can appreciate the implications of the fascist laws of this country. We better win before the blacks have won. Zambia? I'm going to Rhodesia... I can go to Zambia. And I can use my British passport. I know my way around Lusaka. This calls for a drink.    Gin and tonic? Of course, Ben. Don't worry. That's my favorite, Ben. Rugger player? Papa, I don't want to interfere... I know this is going to sound strange coming from me... I mean I haven't exactly been supportive for the past months... I can't say I agree with what you've done but I respect you for what you are... I'm just... destroyed by what's happening to us as a family. Please, Papa, for Mom's sake... For all of our sakes... Let's try and patch it up. Let me know if there's anything I can do to help. I don't want to worry about you. That search, this vandalism, those shots... they're really after the evidence you've been accumulating ... Can I look after them for you, Papa? Where on earth do you keep them? Okay, Papa. No, thanks. I have to go, Papa. I was on my way to your office, Colonel. Here it is, Colonel. I must hurry, Colonel.   Goodbye. 