... jerk... call Hanratty. The decimal points on the code are uncalibrated. Hoskins. The signatures on the bank draft. Boyle, that bitch...insurance...tax form. Shit, talk to Kahn. That's Hanratty, Hoskins, Bank, Boyle and Kahn... H2B2K - shoot, insurance and theatre tix...H2B2K,I,T -- and the cleaners! repeat... ...9:15!... he'll kill me this time, he will really kill me... oh come on elevator!... why do you stop on every floor... H2B2K,I,T,CL,P,O,T2... How you doing Buddy? Mr. Fox, I've told you before, I'm sure you're a good broker, but our traders talk to the brokers, Mr. Gekko only deals with investment bankers. Yes, I shall give him your message ... ...all right, send him in... What are you doing here? First of all, Mr. Fox, you can't just come barging in here. And what makes you think it's his birthday? Stay here, I'll see what I can do. Wait outside. Five minutes... Mr. Stevenson in San Fransisco. ...have a nice day Mr. Stone. ... Mr. Gekko, the conference call is ready. Mr. Sugarman and Mr. Lorenzo in Delaware. Mr. Bernard in Los Angeles. Mr. Jackson and Ms. Rosco in London. They're all on. Call for you Buddy. Please, no thanks... Oh really. Grand Marnier. It's a romantic and tragic drink. Gordo the Great, way to go. I hear you're buying Teldar. Buddy, phone...Gordon Gekko! Hello Bud, I'm Lisa, a friend of Gordon's. Didn't he tell you? That's so like Gordon. Get dressed, we're going out. Wherever you like, Lutece, 21, the River Cafe...or maybe we can just drive around for a while. Work up an appetite. Want some? Gordon tells me you're a very talented broker. What do you like? I got this guy who should know tells me buy Hewlitt Packard but I been burned on tips. What do you think Bud? So you're hot on this stock? Morning Buddy, you look happy. You were never that innocent sugarpie. Mr. Gekko's office is after you. Be at the Wyatt Club courts at six... You sent him to Vermont to get the deposition from the CEO Cromwell fired. I think somebody's playing hooky from the bathtub. Rudy, say good night DAddy... John and Carmen are here and the Livingstons are on their way... Problems? You came from the city? Long drive, have a drink. Oh my god, how ghastly, you should sue her... You're just making it worse. That's our Darien: elusive, reclusive, exclusive. You know Bud right? He works for Gordon... Sam's in banking. You staying for dinner Bud? ...excuse me. Larry, how have you been? Get you a drink? Gordon?... He's right here. ...it's so tough to get into a good nursery school now. They even visit your home to make sure your paintings and furnishings are acceptable. $5,000 just for the tuition... plus the books and supplies... ...some parents even have bodyguards. It's not a bad idea... ...now that's it for you with the grown-ups young man. Nicole, take him for a nap, please. He doesn't nap anymore, Madame. It's been... Then play with him till he gets tired. We're going out tonight but we like to see him at, let's see, six; give him a bath and put that cute little black suit on him... Black clothes are the newest things, so chic and milk stains, carrot juice stains just don't show up. Kids -- boy, can they take it out of you! Nice to meet you, Mr. Fox. ...everybody tells ya they hate the Upper East Side and they wanna live on the West Side but honey when it comes to resale time, believe me the East Side's the one that always moves. What do you get on the West Side? Madonna and Sean?... between Sly and Billy and Christie, I've shown every apartment on the Upper East Side. Everybody lives here... Mick, Gloria and Barbara Wa-Wa. Even Klaus von Bulow buys his fresh fruit from the Korean on Madison. It's so expensive and it's just like the ones on Eighth Avenue but it's an attitude is all, you pay for attitude ...two walk-in closets...upstairs on the roof you lot a health club...massage, sauna, jacuzzi, sunlights, best schools in the city, cute boy like you gotta think of a ladyfriend when you're finished wolfing around -- ...oak strip floor...my husband can get you a 10% mortgage...I'd do it myself if we weren't into four other deals already...so?... I got a four o'clock and a five...one of them's an all-cash type, Monique something or other...I guarantee you this place is history tomorrow... ...I think you gotta deal, honey... you sure you don't wanna see somethin' I got on Sutton Place. It's a million and a half but... Mr. Dixon Brandt on 3... Yes, he wants to change that appointment to... Bud--you can't go in there. He's in a meeting! ...well, the market's dead, hon, even the rich are bitching, nothing's moving except termites and cockroaches, and with my commission being what it is... Bud! Where you been the last two days? Your mom just called, Mr. Fox. Your father... he... He had a heart attack, hon, but he's okay, he's at the hospital... ...he was complaining about chest pains at work. Next thing I know he collapsed... Oh Buddy, talk to him, he's so stubborn. ...call waiting on 7. Everybody and his mother is buying! Mr. Gekko, there's a whole bach of people from Bluestar Airlines outside demanding to see you. ...don't wear that tie Buddy, it... ...you helped save the airline and the people at the airline are gonna remember you for it. ...you can do it, Bud, once you set your mind to something, I believe you can do anything in the world... 