Let me go! I wish you were still struggling for  work in Bombay. As I told you about English policemen. Be careful! Come. Come. They are boys. -- And they're Indian. Are you sure? Mr. Khan said they called you brave. I could have told them you were merely  foolish. There... Not always. You have told me twice  now that you were giving up the  pleasures of the flesh. If you enjoy it a great deal you  must fast for two days. Colin! Colin! What are you doing? You're already late for work. I  thought you'd gone ten minutes ago. They're going to change the pass  laws. I will tell Sora. Sora was sent to tell me I -- I must  rake and cover the latrine. It is the work of untouchables. I am your wife. As you command. The others may follow you -- but you  forget, I knew you when you were a  boy! Not at all then... Stop it! Stop it! What are you doing!? Have you no shame? I'm your wife... Where do you expect me to go? You are human -- only human. And it is even harder for those of  us who do not even want to be as  good as you do. ...And I must rake and cover the  latrine. We should lie down -- the horses  won't tramp on us. Down! Down! Everyone lie down! The horses have more mercy than the  men. My dignity comes from following my  husband. No, I leave practical matters to my  husband and revolution to my son... Please! You're being foolish! Charlie! Be careful!! Please, God, no! Pray to God, Sahib! Now is when it  is best to be Hindu! The fire is ready. But it's the ink that is the most  diffic -- Mohan -- ! ...but now something worse is  happening. When Gandhiji and I were  growing up, women wove their own  cloth. But now there are millions  who have no work because those who  can buy all they need from England.  I say with Gandhiji, there is no  beauty in the finest cloth if it  makes hunger and unhappiness. Stop -- stop... God gave you ten thumbs. First lesson: To march, wear shoes,  to spin, do not. I'll teach you all our foolishness,  and you must teach me yours. I must get ready for evening prayers.  Mirabehn is here. "In every worthy wish of yours, I  shall be your helpmate." "I will ever live devoted to you,  speaking words of love and praying  for your happiness." "I will follow close behind you and  help to serve the people." "I will follow you in all our vows  and duties." "You are my best friend... my highest  guru, and my sovereign lord." And I put a sweetened wheat cake in  his mouth. You should be relaxing. If you take my husband, I intend to  speak in his place. ...not at all. Bapu has always said  there were two kinds of slavery in  India -- one for women, one for the  untouchables -- and he has always  fought against both. Yes... but we see each other in the  day. In Hindu philosophy the way to God  is to free yourself of possessions --  and the passions that inflame to  anger and jealousy. Bapu has always struggled to find  the way to God. Four times he tried -- and failed. But then he took a solemn vow... Not yet. Bapu -- please. Don't do it! Sir, please, I don't have the men to  protect you -- not in a Muslim house.  Not this quarter. Why are you staying at the home of a  Muslim! They're murderers! They killed  my family! Bapu... Allah be with you... Mickey Mouse. 