Cooool. Evening, Constable! (seen it all before) Hi, Arthur. Are you familiar with the expression `I can explain everything'? Out of the car, please. Terribly sorry, but in the film they used a different model to show the old Batchap getting in and out. This one has no doors, so I'd have to squeeze out the back arsehole first. Which nobody wants...Apart from you, cheeky monkey!It's a joke! Okay, okay. Okay, explain everything. Well. What with having spunked 1.6 million fat Alberts on this little runaround, I thought why not take it a step further and try to actually collar a few ne-er do wells? It worked for the billionaire Bruce Wayne, why not the future billionaire Arthur Bach- Templemead? Will I have to do traffic school? How much have you drunk, Arthur? To use the technical medical term - megabloodyshitloads. Either that or I've had a stroke! But fret not, I have a designated driver. Where's my five thousand dollars? The Boy Homeless here neglected to say he'd never driven. Or that the only reason he's sober is to be ready for the conspiracy of leopards about to seize Manhattan. It's LIZARDS! English prick! I trust this will cover all repairs to New York and any inconvenience to your good selves? Up up and away! Ah, no, that's the other chap. Then the crazy motherfucker cut me! Goodness. Why? Said I cut the bombita with pig killer! Rude man. And who threw hot Americano in whose face again? I did in his. No half and half neither. That shit burnt! I burnt my sister's hair. (high fiving him) Cool... Ho wanted to evict me, just 'cause I don't fit her definition of hygiene. Plenty of places to take a shit, toilet's just one of them. Just ask the a-rabs. It's like a chat show, this. (looking into an imaginary Mother died when I was six. Oh G-d, I hate when that happens. My father raped me when I was twelve. Sounds like you had six relatively good years. What do you do? I model riding boots, I spend money, I sleep with women. But I have weekends off and I am my own boss. Hey, The Drunk Knight. Your Fairy G- d-lawyer's here. I don't think your mother will be pleased, Arthur. Really, Elverton - if a chap can't help out a few chums, whatever their station in life. Each has given his or her word to put the criminal life behind them. I am the Batman. Gotham can sleep easy tonight. (points at A CAMERAMAN) Don't point that shit at me, bitch! I will FUCK YOU UP! Yes! Yes! Kill the lizards! Arthur! What will your mother say? Didn't she send you here to get you out of the British papers? Arthur! Anyone need a job? My last driver resigned after I filled his limo with squirrels. Preferably sober, clean driving licence? Stand back! The what? Roll up, roll up, folks, let's fix this thing right now. (to his first customer) How much, sir? Um. $800 please. Coming right up. (keys it in) Fries with that? Congratulations everyone! THE Pierre? Arthur Bach-Templemead. Can you squeeze me in for a little snack? Yeah, just me and a couple of mates. Pierre! We'd like 182 pate de foie gras, 182 chateaubriand steaks, a motherlode of chips and your entire wine cellar please. Oh, um, this is Sofia. I believe she works for Avis. Checks the cars for dings, dead people in the trunk, that sort of thing. And this is Carmella. Anyway... What do you do, Carmella? Carmella's joking. She's actually a...queen. Of a very small country. Is she now? It's terribly small. I see. Rhode Island could beat the crap out of it in a war. Yes, it's a small place. 85 cents in a cab from one end of the country to the other. I'm talking small. I think I understand how small it is. Just had the entire country carpeted, this is not a big place. You need to grow up, Arthur. That's easy for you to say, you haven't got 50 pairs of short trousers hanging in your closet. Maybe we should go somewhere else. Could I have all those lobsters to go, please?More British! Cup of tea? Nice hot cup of hot Rosy Lee right up your fanny? Hugh Grant Mr Bean self deprecation mad cow disease Yorkshire pudding bad teeth rain rain rain rain! (brightly, as he humps) Morning, Hobson! Morning, Arthur. I'm afraid your impromptu stimulus package failed to reignite the economy. (reading a receipt) De Cache Cocktail Lounge: $23,897? Umm...Celebration of Kwanzaa. The African heritage festival celebrated five months from now? (noticing Sofia's stopped having sex with him) Why are you stopping? Oh, sorry. How impolite of me. Sofia, this is Hobson, my nanny. He's merely shaped like an adult. Hobson, could you come back in a minute and a half please? Negative. You're seeing your mother this morning. Nobody told me. Actually I did, on the other side of the vast moat of champagne known as `last night'. I wouldn't recommend letting him get used to your breasts, dear. Addictive personality. He was at mine until he was six. Hobson! Really... I had to dab Tabasco sauce on the nipples to see him off... I support your decision 100%. Will you be requiring a taxi, or just be getting in a random passing car? Say goodbye to your new friends, Arthur. They have to go back to the recession now. Cancel my mother please, Hobson. I'll work from bed today. Not the death metal, please! (shouting over the music) Aren't you a fan of Carcass? `Vomited Anal Tract' is surely a classic of its genre. OKAY, OKAY, I'LL GET UP! Good boy. I'm going for a shower. I'll alert the media. To Bombay, a travelling circus came... They brought an intelligent elephant and Nellie was her name...Hobson! Female Tom Hanks! She's early today... Can we invite her up and dress her as Forrest Gump? No. Just for a laugh! We'll pay her. Do your armpits. Mr. Miller? My employer inexplicably agreed to purchase your...`Authentic 1981 `Funshine' Care Bear'? For $11,000 plus shipping costs? Sorry, but that transaction will take place over my dead body, and I'm feeling rather well today. Father Wolverine... Wank Williams...That man has the constitution of an ox. That reminds me, clean your genitals. Heaven knows what wildlife that girl was harbouring between her thighs. I give you `Sideways farting spider'. Arthur, you have to stop giving money away! I'm a philanthropist. With the emphasis on the `pissed'. Really, what is it about unearned wealth that brings out such idiocy in those who have it and those who want it? The way you're going, you'll have spent your inheritance before you've inherited it. (shifts to new pose) `Eagle pointing at lesbian.' Why did you fire Jessica? What kind of yoga teacher won't let a pupil invent positions? She was a Nazi with a pan pipe C.D.`Upwards Pooping Astronaut'. Interesting. It looks more like `Rich twit hiding from mother.' May I remind you, she finances your preposterous existence... I know, I know. Never bite the hand that fists me. Give the guy a chance, Hobson. He got laid off in Chicago... But he doesn't know his way around New York! So? I want interesting, fun people around me, not drones who just get the job done... Marty! Stop the car! Can I join your tour please? Wow. What did you say? A circle? Absolutely. These things are amazing. Have you ever put all your father's clothes on and just got inside one? Where the blazes is that boy? Arthur! That's not possible. I should know, I'm a civil engineer. The building doesn't retract; the ground rises up. They were going to install giant legs so if a plane was flying at the tower it could run away. But where's it going to run? It'd have to jump in the Hudson. If you go on Perez Hilton or TMZ. The gossip websites. For the internet? Seriously? You consider the internet an upgrade? Wow. Ah, that was a joke. I'm nobody. You're late for your mother! Hobson, this is... (reads her badge) Naomi. Delighted to meet you, Naomi. Normally one has to go to a bowling alley to meet a woman of your stature. You aren't the first woman who walks the streets this young man has asked. My nanny. My nanny. Well, she started as that, but these days she's more of an all-round enforcer and bodyguard. Can I call you? But what if this is the one? This is just like the Komodo dragon. Everyone else is happy to see one in the zoo and leave it there. You had to own one. Thank goodness that handbag manufacturer was prepared to take the poor lizard away. He is, Arthur. Are you the only one allowed to joke now? I don't like it here. Of course you don't. People work here. Hi Grant. Tell me - which of your parents are you most like? Abercrombie or Fitch? (doesn't get the joke) I have no connection with that store. My family name is Von Krausehoff. Take a seat please. Vivienne? (conspiratorial, flirty) White mid-rise briefs...mmmm. Don't fret, Arthur. This won't take long. Then we'll have ice cream. Vivienne. I'm sorry. You look more like a Vivienne. Quite busy. I have a riding boot shoot for Petrie Dressage... What else...I'm meeting Ivanka Trump for brunch to discuss the environment. She's sending her helicopter to avoid the traffic... Crashed my Batmobile into the bronze bull on Wall Street... ...which caused a hole to swallow up the New York Stock Exchange... ..the world economy to collapse and the planet to descend into looting and cannibalism. What else? Um...tripped over in the shower this morning. Head split open, found a family of meerkats hiding in there! Hated the thought of the little lads being homeless so I bricked up the remaining half of my brain, popped them back in and Hobson glued my skull back together. I'm thinking of buying a giant. I think the market's right for it. You really are a shoddy mother. Amazing. Do you have any vodka? I still wake up in my own poo occasionally. Can't Hobson set them aside for me? That I won't follow in his footsteps and marry a woman I hate? I think he might climb out of the grave and dance on it. You wouldn't! You're my... Ah. The ring your father gave your mother, I recall. (feeling its huge weight) Did he knock her out with it, then drive her to the church in the trunk of his Bentley? No. Your father was a gentleman. What's gentlemanly about dying before I knew him? That's just rude. Did he ever love my mother? They had their days. Ah well. At least he doesn't have to wake up every day to a woman with a face like saran wrap stretched over a gargoyle. What about Naomi? Arthur. I say this with love: Uh-oh... Even by modern male standards you're a breathtakingly immature little shit. Coupled with the kind of money you have access to, that's deadly. Susan may not have a four hour stand up routine about the Flatiron Building, but she's a solid girl who will look after you. I have you for that. Not forever. Yes forever. You're Hobson. I'm sorry, I've never really understood that question. Are you free tomorrow night? Is that a euphemism for something naughty? I have a contractual commitment. Friday? Paper. Sorry, I was talking to something else. So. What do you want to do? Movie? Come on, you've got to try harder than that. What have you always wanted to do? Every date will be our honeymoon. What sort of food do you like? Oh come on. This all helps build up a profile of you before I trick you into my basement. I'd hate to not have your favourite snacks ready. Time to get engaged, Arthur. The Komodo dragon can wait. Hi! Is it June 19th at 7 pm? No, sir. It's 8.34. FUCK! We overshot! Time travel can be a real cunt sometimes, don't you think? I'll be right back. See you in an hour and a half ago... Would you care for anything while you wait? A trampoline and a selection of woodland creatures if that's not too much trouble. Ah!Shhhhh... Bollocks.Sorry. Actually, you couldn't, um....you know... (points to the water) ...turn this into a nice 1990 Romanee Conti, could you? Cheers ears. `Genuine Sword of the First Crusade. Excavated Germany, 1972'. Jesus Fucking Christ!Sorry. It's not like you shouted `Arthur Fucking Bach' when they pinned you up. Sorry. Sore subject. Feel the force, Luke. Arthur! I, er, had a bit of food stuck in my teeth and couldn't find a toothpick. Heck, this sword went through three crusades. Beheaded 1000 moslems. Nothing you can do to harm it. You don't, um, have anything stronger, do you? Sparkling. `The drunkard and the glutton shalt come to poverty: and drowsiness shalt clothe a man with rags.' Surely a glass of sherry at Christmas? Peace be with you. And also with me. Arthur. Can I be honest with you? You're the real Slim Shady? I knew it! My faith teaches me to hate the sin, not the sinner. But with you, I struggle with that belief. You could switch to Judaism. (glances up at the fan) Bit warm in here. Do you mind if I put the fan on? Anyway, Arthur. However I feel about you, my daughter loves you. Yes, it's a problem, isn't it? Let's knock our heads together and find a way to stop her loving me....Got it! We'll tell her I'm on the sex offenders register....No, I am and she knows.Joke, sorry. Ah. We'll say I'm gay! I did once dabble actually, so I can tell a plausible story. You made love to a guy? One Moslem doesn't make a mosque, Burt. You made love to a Moslem? No, sir, it was Prince Alois of Lichtenstein and he made love to me. The fact that it took three bottles of poppers and a Jacuzzi full of Krug to loosen me up confirmed my heterosexuality. `If there is a man who lies with a male, they shall surely be put to death.' Crikey. Couldn't there just be some kind of on-the-spot fine? You will stop this talk and marry - my - fucking... Oh bollocks. It's a miracle! He is risen! Hi Susan. Erica. Shall we go? Do you have something with less words please? The chef doesn't have to re-cook it, just scrape off the nouns and trim out all that gibberish in the middle. Excellent decision. Sir? A bowl of champagne and a spoon. I'm sorry. I just can't handle the whole specials act. It's not a Shakespearean soliloquy, it's some heated up dead things that aren't on the main menu. Um hm. Is it possible to buy the house but then rent it out? Sorry, joke. I'm not suggesting pimping you. Look. You after our first child is born. Such as? Susan. Why are we together? We don't have the same sense of humour. We don't like the same films, food, music. You like horses, I think they're arrogant idiots... That depends on the opposites. Racists and the Nation of Islam don't secretly want to 69 each other. Susan, you're beautiful. You're bright. You're fucking loaded. Is there really no one else who could make you happy? Never? Daddy what? Prayed to Jesus for it not to work out, then shot the bloke behind a meat truck? Because Jesus would consider that cheating. Susan. You're the only woman...at this table. How do you know? What if the drunker I get the better it is for me? Not everyone who drinks is a poet, Susan. Some of us drink because we're not poets. It'd have to be a real big woman. Susan. Would you marry me? Take the weekend if you want... Ladies and gentleman - the happy couple! Erica? She hates me. Oh, come on. She always looks like she wants to set fire to my face then put it out with an Uzi. What's going on? I only just bloody proposed! What have I done, Kitt? This mistake's up there with Hitler joining his school debating team... Go to bed, Arthur. And stop this self-pitying bibble. You're going to be fabulously rich. Maybe I'd rather be fabulously poor. Some poor people I see look happy. That's either because they're far away or you've just given them money. Arthur, poor people have to work. They stand for hours in the rain, waiting for buses full of other poor people to take them to things called `jobs' which they do all year round to pay for holidays away from those jobs. Don't patronise me. I have a job. Lying drunk on a bale of hay in riding boots being photographed by another pampered prick won't prepare you for the work I mean. And I don't want to see you suffer. Take your fish oil. When are we getting cable? Honey, that's some bullshit aerial from the 99 cent Store! I read the box! It said `No satellite fees to pay because does not receive satellite signals!' That's like saying `Hey - eat this plate of broken glass! It won't make you fat. 'cause IT'S GLASS!' No it ain't. Honey, I love you, but you're even cheaper than your mom. And she bought food from yard sales. But you live like you're preparing for a war. And you earn a decent salary. What's he do, this English bum? Yeah and I bet that girl said the same about her date. Honey, stay home. I don't want you ending up like that poor girl. Or road awareness. Can you put this on please? Trust me. I give you my word - if I kill and eat you, you'll never see me again. You said you wanted a picnic. The picnic fairies. Who liaised with the flower fairies, the candle fairies, the log fire fairies, the hidden sound system fairies... ...and the pizza fairies. It's nice to keep it simple like this. I'm sick of Michelin-star restaurants. All that embarrassing crap with the specials. I get by. I once inadvertently financed a terrorist cell who said they needed �100,000 to open a falafel stall. What's the craziest thing you ever told a tour party? Sounds like you're very good to him. (not relating at all) Yeah. I hate that. (looks at her phone) Nice bit of kitsch. Where did you find that? It's...You've had it twelve years? I couldn't decide between picnic in the park and dinner with a view. So it's a picnic in the sky! Isn't it ace? Oh, sorry. Forgot. They said to put these on. So what got you into the walking tours? Be still. Breathe deep. (strikes a Zen pose) `When you can be calm in the midst of activity, this is the true state of nature': Huanchu Daoeren. (handing her something) Taste this truffle. So anyway. The tours... What did you write? Kids can be so cruel... I told you, don't worry. These crane people know what they're doing! Phone. And the watch. Hurry. Um. Out of interest, how did you get up here? What you talkin' about, dog? OWWW! You don't understand! We're 180 feet up in the sky! No, we're not high! Well we are, but only in the literal sense. Hurry! No! That's the bouquet of world hams! I had fun tonight. I'm sorry? In case I'm passed out drunk rather than medically dead? Sorry, everyone. that graphic's too colourful and this hangover's a 7.6 on the Richter..the Sickter... Will there be anything else, sir? No, thanks. Why all this crap now? What's the rush anyway? The wedding is in a month, Arthur. A month? I was thinking more sort of ten, fifteen years. Just to really enjoy the anticipation of the big day. (gets out his cellphone) Sorry, Dwight D. Bridalshower, Operation Ball and Chain will have to wait. Here we are. I can promise you won't get wet. Yeah, fine. Actually... Everything is 99 cents? `Warning: This product contains chromium, which may be linked to chronic bronchitis and reproductive hazards." Maybe China's trying to wipe out the west's children one by one. Why? Yes please. Just fascinated. You're good at fascinating. Are you okay? Let me help you. (offers her another) This one? This one? This one? No. I think I hear a mouse inside. Oh my G-d. This is a good one. No rodents. Packed. Quick, before someone gets it. Look. Us in a year's time. If you got ill, I'd care for you. I didn't know you knew him. Why is he coming? If you can bring Erica, I can bring Hobson. She's my Hobson. Reminiscent of a French castle perched 500 feet above New York, the penthouse was known from early days as the `Chateau in the Sky'. Where George Gershwin and the Astors danced to Shep Fields and his Rippling Rhythm Orchestra. Come on, cheap girl. We can be Fred Austere and Stingy Rogers. Behind the telephone box fish tank. See you on the balcony. He's not like other men, you know. I know he is. That's the problem. I'm sure Arthur will explain. Your kids' book. What was it about? Be serious. I love it. Did he catch the heart? Only if I'm sad, happy or bored. There's this bit in a book Hobson used to read me as a kid that says it all: `We must stop eating cookies, Frog!' cried Toad, as he ate another.' So Frog took the box outside. He shouted in a loud voice, `Hey birds, here are cookies!' Birds came from everywhere. They picked up all the cookies in their beaks and flew away. ` Now we have no more cookies to eat' `Excellent!' said Toad, `I am going home now to bake a cake.'Classic addict. Frog and Toad stayed on the island all afternoon. They ate wet sandwiches without iced tea. They were two close friends sitting alone together. I couldn't tell her, Hobson. She isn't the Komodo dragon. She's my toad. You're quite sure about this? Yes. (under her breath) Oh, bollocks. I don't know, honey. What's this teabag even doing here? Couldn't he make it in Lord of the Rings land? You have my full permission to marry him. Bravo, Vivienne! Well done! I'd be wary, Grant. She's planning to ride you around the course next. Her last boyfriend broke his ankle jumping that ditch. Had to be destroyed on the spot. I'm in love. With a woman who isn't exactly who you'd describe as Susan. She's called Naomi. Won't you at least meet her? The Snarts of Detroit. No, because they're normal. She's a walking tour guide, her dad's a retired car worker. Unbelievable! Why don't you just keep me here, pay a servant to wank me into a bottle once a day... ...then inject it all into a field of heiresses and see who farts out a thoroughbred first? Fine! You can have one with Stevey Steroids here! Surely even your uterus has had a face lift by now. None of your business, J Crew. You are so ungrateful to your mother. She adores you! You can shove your inheritance up your horse's arse! Why would you do that? You'd never get it back. I ate the whole jar. I'm engaged. To another Susan. Woman. Engaged to another woman. I'm so sorry I didn't tell you. I was going to tell you! I just... Please, Naomi! I didn't mean for it to get to this! I planned to just be your friend but then I started to fall for you and I thought `I can't marry Susan, I might fall for Naomi!' But I thought `No I have to marry Susan or I'll be poor so I won't fall for Naomi' But then I did fall for you! Because you're brainy and funny and gorgeous and too smart to do walking tours. You're too smart, Snart. Smart Snart. There's a 99 cent cereal.Anyway, so I went to see Vivienne, and I said `I can't marry Susan, I love Naomi she's my Frog my Toad' I don't know any more. Thanks. Then she said `Noooo, if you don't marry Susan, I'll make you pay all the inheritance money back even if you can't - ha ha ha'. Okay she didn't laugh but she might as well have, the evil cow. Because it's like all the money ever and they'll put not just me but both of us in prison and your dad, like in Dickens. There'll be ghosts, and Oliver and.... Toad? Stay a bit longer. Please? 'cause it'll reduce the proportion of my life I'll spend feeling utterly miserable. Bea Arthur? What's she got to do with all this? I just have to be alone for a minute...Oh, G-d, I can't bear it... You're the only one who really knew me at all. And even shared the tears. (lip syncing too) So take a look at me now, 'cause there's just an empty space. And there's nothing left here to remind me, just the memory of your face. Take a look at me now, `cause there's just an empty space, And you coming back to me is against all odds and that's what I've got to face...Just take a look at me now. But..but this took ages to rehearse. I had the frog outfit specially made. These aren't actual tourists. What do you mean? I just wanted to see you. Hobson! Female Tom Hanks has had a haircut! Hobson? Marty? What are you doing there? She's had quite a few headaches lately. Put my bears back on, Arthur. Not until you answer my question. I'm travelling down a white tunnel. To - a garden? Mother? Father? Why is it so hot? Who's the red gentleman with the big pitchfork? Will you cut it out? Arthur. There are three books. This is important. Take them back to the library... Hobson, please. Don't die any more. It's getting very boring. Arthur. Old women, like bears, get sore heads. Are you okay? You look a little lost. Naomi doesn't want to see me. A terrible shame she had to go. A little tart like that could have saved you a fortune in prostitutes. Listen, old woman. Don't ever talk about Naomi that way again. What gives you the right to be such a snob? You're just...you're just... Mary Poppins with a menopause! Hobson, I've never raised my voice to you. I'm sorry. I'm sorry too. You know, Arthur, you may be growing up. Do you want anything? I want to be younger. Sorry, it's your job to be older.Hobson. If you're feeling better tomorrow, will you accompany me somewhere? Of course, Arthur. I can't have this getting out. I'm in the public eye. Yes, it would be disastrous to harm such a dignified profile. It's going to be okay, Arthur. I steal from my friends, my family. I sold my son's pedal car so I could score junk... Jesus.... I accidentally backed my car over my mother outside Walgreens... Whoooaaahh. Okay, cut. I don't know about anyone else, but this isn't exactly killing my thirst. Well why did you come...What's your name? Gandalf. I'm sorry, you're not going to convince me my life isn't fun.And no offence but if I ran over my mother, I'd be out celebrating. Which is what I plan to do right now. Come on, Hobson. Marty. ...and because I have done nothing with the astonishing opportunities handed to me, apart from pissing away my inheritance and drinking enough to kill a rhino. But imagine being me! I once ended up in bed with the daughters of three of the Rolling Stones. But a) I don't remember a thing about it, b) apparently I was sick on two of the women before c) losing control of my bladder on the third. All such fun...until the strangers I pay to be my friends have gone, the fog parts and there's a hole so big, you could pour all the champagne in the world into it and never fill it up. But I've got so much potential, a good heart, I'm a good person, even if I've completely wasted my short, precious life because I somehow convinced myself that happiness is a Komodo dragon, a case of booze and the memory of having once stripped naked to Beethoven for a coachload of German tourists who I met outside the Rainforest Cafe. It's always the quiet ones. Thanks, Hobson. Maybe you can go every time I crave a drink? Susan? Look, I know the wedding date is set. But fancy bringing it forward? I just want to get it over with. In a good way. Think about it, yeah? It's the agony of possibility, Hobson. It just hurts too much to know I could still be with Naomi if I had the guts. Just promise you'll never ask me to sleep with Susan for you. Good afternoon, Mr Snart. Is Naomi here? You must be the nanny. I must be. Please stop this, I can't inhale and am in danger of treading on one of your knuckles. If you and your undershirt would walk two paces back I could enter this dwelling. Ever since I met Arthur I liked him. We have to make sure these two wonderful kids stay together... Try not to talk. It's not your words but the breath which bears them. Perhaps you could repair to the East Wing and make me a cup of tea? I wish to speak to Naomi. Sure, sure. Arthur is having a pre-wedding party tonight. You should come. Don't you want to show Arthur how well you're doing? Arthur doesn't know I'm here. He's far too decent to be involved in something so tawdry. You could bring your father. A magical experience before he's too big to leave this apartment. My dear, if there's one thing old women can tell, it's young men in love. And the food promises to be breathtakingly free. Better than you, dear. Yes. And it is a job that I recommend highly. You really look out for this gentleman, from what I've heard. Thank you. Would you go the bathroom and commence washing? You only have three hours and it could be quite a project. Suit yourself. Yes. And he has seen me. Is it something you feel strongly about? Thanks. We're going to move things up tempo now with `The Only Thing That Looks Good On Me Is You.' You are not to pull him out of that party on my behalf.Hello? Naomi! You're gonna get through this, babe. Then who knows what the future may hold? Excuse me, madam. Name? Madam? When Arthur proposed to my daughter, I was overjoyous. The Bach-Templemeads are my kind of people: classy. Respectable. Well spoken. People like in Shakespeare in Love, who esprouse the same values I have always upheld both in my business and spiritual life. But tonight isn't about me or America's leading independent formula brand. Thank you, Burt! I've actually prepared a little surprise song with my friends here. Why does cash suddenly appear, every time you are near? Just like me, it longs to be, close to Sue. Why do cars fall out of the sky, all of which, I can buy...I'll sing a proper song.You say potayto and I say potahto, You say tomayto and I say tomahto, potayto, potahto, tomayto, tomahto, Let's call the whole thing off! You say AA, and I say `no way', you say `Red Bull' and I say `Go away, Rehab, No way, Red Bull... We meet again! The ballroom. I'll take you to him. I'm so happy for Arthur and Susan. Isn't she beautiful? What business is your family in? I'm sorry? Doglets? Absolutely. Excuse me, madam. You're not an authorized guest. Of course you are. (takes her arm) Shall we discuss this outside? It's okay, Jeff. She can stay. But what about the other blackouts? Arthur, I'm fine. Do not leave that party. She's fine. They're sending her home. Do you want a drink? But you came all this way. There's ridiculously fancy food, there's... You're a cab. Shit. Hobson usually... Thank you for coming all this way. I'm sorry for all the stupid presents and calls and gestures. What were you like as a kid? Dance? Hobson used to sing it to me.One dark night, she slipped her iron chain. Off she ran to Hindustan and was never seen again. Nellie the Elephant packed her bags, And said goodbye to the circus, Off she went with a trumpety trump, Trump trump trump... She's a writer. Maybe someone will see her potential. Vivienne, please. Don't... NAOMI! PLEASE! I didn't think I would ever see you again. I was just trying to give you some... I do express love! I love you! You just told me to! And stop going on about me being rich! You think it's easy being trapped by money? Abu Greed? No. Being cheap gives you that. At least I'm prepared to have fun. To live. I'm not all `Oooh look at me with my antique food, aren't I cool?' And...and...your phone's RUBBISH! It's made of bits of old doorbell and vibrator, I bet you can only get calls from 1994 on it! Naomi, please... It's okay, Hobson's fine. I spoke to her doctor. It's just a headache! Stop saying that! You bribed a hospital orderly to tell me you were okay! Oh, bothersnaps. What do doctors know? Da dahhhh! I give you the amazing costly, health-giving presents! 'Wake up and Smell the Carcass'.. (reads the DVD) `A compilation of the band's most stomach-churning music videos and deathly live performances...' Put this on, please. I don't want to put it on. Put it on. Or I'll fire you.Okay, or I won't fire you. Why, Arthur? Mr Bach-Templemead? Do you have a moment? Home? That's great news. Isn't it? How did this get here? I have no idea. You might have a brain tumour but you're not a complete veggie burger just yet. Has Naomi been here? She dropped by once or twice. Frightful needy trollop. I thought she gave up writing. Just trying to spare her outright humiliation while I'm still here. Don't wear yourself out. You're not going anywhere soon. World's most advanced heart rate monitor. The tiniest problem will alert your own private platoon of paramedics camped out downstairs... Arthur. I've loved caring for you so much. But you'll never grow up with me around. So either I retire. Or I die. Option 1 involves too much paperwork and blather with having to find somewhere else to live. And no offence to you, dear boy... ...but I think we've exhausted the bear-based entertainment. Which leaves option 2. You're a good son, Arthur. You can do anything with your life that you want. Just like I did. But you spent half of it looking after a spoilt drunk twat. Exactly. Sorry Arthur. I'm past my use-by date. Sorry, Hobson, You don't win this one. I need you to care for me. (holds up a pill) Now take your fish oil. Hobson? HOBSON!GET UP HERE! SHE'S NOT... Would Frog ever get up again? Or would he just sit in his tank, crying and soiling himself until he died of dehydration because he didn't even have the energy to eat a wet sandwich. Hobson! Why are you in there when I need you? (lifts lid off urn) Arrrrgghhh! Sorry. Shockingly bad, thanks, Marty. Nahhh. Can I be alone please? (leaving a message) Naomi? I doubt you'll ever get this, because your voicemail probably consists of a 4000 year old woman who writes the message down in hieroglyphics then loses it down the back of her incontinence loin cloth. Hobson died. Hobson died and I've fallen apart... Marty! Can you get that? Marty!Naomi? Could you get it? Hello? What do you think's going on? Hobson died. You're comparing Hobson to...a dog? Um, I think I'd like you to leave, if that's okay. Now? Don't worry. If I'm going to drink myself to death I'll need resources. Bye Vivienne... My mother's dead. Hello? I'm sorry? The last will and testament of Jane Hobson.`I leave my life savings to the Tulare Bear Sanctuary, Tulare County, California.' That'll explain the strong smell of bear shit. Sorry. To Arthur Bach Templemead, I leave this. To operate kettle, press red button. Milk in refrigerator; that's the big box with the pretty light that comes on when you open the door.Arthur. You're going to be okay. Now it's your turn to look after someone. All my deepest, fondest love, my dearest boy. I'm smiling down at you - or more likely, up at you - forever and ever, H xxxxxxxx. I just want you to know, if he doesn't show up for this wedding, I can't know what I'll do. Naomi! You're on a bus? With a microphone? Naomi. Can you take the next 60 years off? Sorry. I accidentally swallowed three bottles of hand sanitizer. Fascinating story...Okay. Drinking was the only way I could get the courage to come here and say this: I don't need the money. I love the money. But I don't lie awake all night wondering how I'll live without ever seeing it again. I just wonder what it's like to go 24 hours without a steak tartare. The American Express Centurion card - you have to spend at least $250,000 a year to keep it, which I blow in a quiet week. Sotheby's `World Elite' Mastercard for art collectors. And King of all idiotic reckless- insanity: the Visa Black Card. PIN 3487. Daily ATM limit $180,000. (producing fancy iPhone) The world's only platinum iPhone. With police radio app. Alexander Amosu. Vicuna wool, shorn once every three years from the South American camelid - $50,000. Westmancott trousers, ten months to design, fit and make. $21,000. These are from The Gap. I'm sorry about the Rainbow Press. She didn't. What's it to you? She's your arch- enemy. I couldn't tell her! Today's the biggest day of her life! 12. Which is... (looks at his wrist) Where's my watch gone? It's too late, then. I don't know her number! It's in my phone's address book in that gloop. St. John the Divine. Can we please just get me some clothes... You want me to go there? Like this? No! I love you! Naomi! Susan's dad will... Naomi! I don't even know the way! SHIT! TAXI! Um, can anyone spare... (to the DRIVER) How much to St. John the Divine please? About 15 bucks... (to the crowd) Can anyone spare $15 please? What about tip? You cheapskate? Stop! STOP! `Chicken forgetting birthday'... TAXI! How far can I go with $1.95 and a Japanese coin with a hole in it? A block and a half. GO! Yes. (to A MALE PASSENGER) Excuse me. Terribly sorry to bother you, but... Crikey. Thanks. Excuse me. Huh? I want to see St. John the Divine. Ah! I'm trying to get to... Hey! I'm not him. (shows his wrists) Look ma! No holes. Susan. I can't...I can't... The girl at the party? The one who talked all that rubbish about Coffee Mate? I love her. But I don't love you! Well, yes. What's not to... Susan, you're upset, you hate me. It's okay. Now I'm sorry, I have to go, or your dad's going to do whatever he did to your boyfriend from college. HER? You're..a... But...why do you want to marry... Hang on. Am I your beard? Wow. Wow. Well. Uh... (heads to the door) Thanks for your honesty. I don't feel so bad about calling this off. I may be a weak, pathetic drunk. But I won't marry a lesbian Dane Cook fan. Good evening, St. John the Divine! Anyone in from St. Patrick's? Bialystoker Synagogue? Manhattan Mosque? AA? ...and the first turned to the second horse and said `That dog just spoke'. The joke being that it's inconsistent that the horses can speak but the dog can't. The wedding's off. The bride has had second thoughts. I can't say I blame her. Would you marry me? Great. I'm glad we had this talk. I'll let you get on with the wedding.... You wouldn't hurt me. I just wanted you to be happy. Shut up! Shut up you dirty little dyke harlot! Why didn't you tell me? We could have worked something out. I'm joking. OW! Stop it! Why are you doing that? No, you keep still. I'll get a job. I'll model cheap riding boots for people with no horses. You can write books about boys whose lungs have run away. Sorry, Vivienne. I can't do that. You've never earned that title. I wouldn't fake it with Susan. I won't with you. I don't. Take care, Viv. Sorry, Marty. This isn't mine any more. Fancy joining us for a bowl of Special J? Operational heat controls in a shower are a basic human right! What the hell's in this shampoo? Napalm? It sure as hell isn't tea tree oil... Package for you. With any luck an apartment for you and Lurch. I thought you liked me. I may have been seduced by money. It happens. (reading it out) `Can I be your friend at least? Love, Vivienne xxx. P.S. Lunch sometime? P.P.S. The inheritance is yours. It always was.' On balance, I'd go for it. Brought her for moral support. But I'll do the talking this time. 