Good morning. Annie pretends to wake up. Wow, you look beautiful. Last night was fun. So listen Annie, I like you. So, I want to be up front with you. I'm not really looking for a relationship right now. Annie's eyes grow large. She uncomfortably smiles at him, nodding. I just want to be honest right off the bat. I'm just so busy and I don't have time for another person...I... And summer's coming-- Yeah, I'm not gonna be in town much even in the fall-- I'm gonna be travelling a lot for work. And honestly, (sits up) I don't even know how I feel about the whole monogamy thing, is one person really enough for anyone? I mean, I like to be with a lot of different people. Yeah. Well anyway, I really should get going. I was gonna get a haircut today. Well, like I said I got stuff to do. Annie notices a picture of a sailboat above the bed. Cool, well I don't wanna be Get up the jib.. late. Ted gets up. Awkward moment leading into... Oh, and thanks for the lemon bars. Sometimes it sticks! Baby, look how hard I worked out. Look at all this sweat. Hey Annie. Shit. Really?! Oh my God. My breasts are getting bigger. He tries to rub up against Lillian. Baby, I'm going through some changes... Yeah, look out. There might be a bum- rush for letter openers... The employees snicker. Noooo. That's, that's sooo smart. Annie enters the apartment, tired. She throws her keys down and sifts through her mail. Steve presses mute. Your ex-boyfriend got more mail, I did what you said and just threw it away. That credit lady called! She wants to talk to you, Annie! She's gonna find you. Steve sits back on the couch, un-mutes the T.V.. Gross/Amazing. Lillian Marie Donovan. Do you take your husband, forever, to be your husband? Lillian stands by a poster of Eric Estrada in his C.H.I.P.s uniform that is taped to a tree. I do. Do you Annie Lucille Walker, take your husband, forever? Reveal Annie standing next to a poster of John Baker from Chips. Oh thanks. Ooooh. You tryin to hook up tonight? A lot of people do at these wedding things you know so you have a good chance. I like the black tights with the black shoes, it's very elongating. But I think you need more dark up top to balance it out, do have any black beads? Um......two. Four. Nine. They stare at each other. Good afternoon ma'am, You in a hurry to get out of the city? Is that even possible in this rig? He finds this funny, Annie does't. Yeah, and you're headin' up Witches Curve. That's a risky move. Whoa, whoa, whoa, easy hot-dogger. That is not something you wanna go broadcasting to a police officer. I might feel obligated to give you a yea's worth of tickets now. You just admitted it. You admitted it. (beat) Yeah, I can't do that though. Oh, yeah. My little sister was just in a wedding. She lost some of her hair from the stress. Again, not funny. Uh, yeah. That's what happens when you break the law. Um...license and registration. (searching for words) Ooo, I like that air freshener. Did you get that at the gas station? Smells like Christmas. (sniff) Yeah, it smells like Christmas. He rips the ticket off. Well, here you go. And just so you know it's a just a fix-it ticket. So if you get those lights repaired, you wo't have to pay anything. Whoa, are those moon-pies? (mumbling) Oh, those are my favorite. Nothing. (mumbling) Those are my favorite. No. It's too much trouble, they look all wrapped up. She doesn't get the hint. He really wants one. Well, have fun at your party. Annie drives off. He watches. Annie!!! There she is! Dougie picks Annie up and swings her around. Annie, make sure when my fiance gets cold feet you tell her what a great guy I am. He grabs Lillian and kisses her on the cheek. I keep telling her she looks great. (beat) Oh, I'm sorry. Is this your boyfriend? A 30 YEAR OLD AVERAGE GUY with a neckbrace stands behind Annie. Paul goes to shake his hand. She stops him. The name's Captain Arnold Dubois. MEGAN is Dougie's sister. An ODDBALL. She looks like she might be at the wrong party. She is single and lovin' it! Yeah, yeah. Currently we dominate the U.S. home illumination sector as a whole and six out of seven homes in upscale neighborhoods have one of our products, including the club. So cheers to you two, our last single friends finally crossing over into the world of marital bliss, welcome to the other side! Dana snaps a photo, crying. Helen approaches the podium. Excuse me, you left your poem inside. You have beautiful cursive. Your nail too short for french manicure. That's Ok. I fix for you. Make you sexy. No, not sexy! Okay. 7 dollar for file. No more sexy though. Short nail is ugly. Well, with that dress on you look about... .eleven. I'll get it for her. Hi. I'm Christian Bale. I'm just chopping some wood, I like to do that between movies. Quick, get inside my muscles. They embrace. Well, look who it is. I see your still driving around with busted tail lights. Nah... The reason I pulled you over today, is that--(searching) you were driving too slow. Backing up traffic. Yep. You were going ten miles under the speed limit. That's a moving violation. It's...underdriving. It's in the books. But, I'm just going to give you a warning this time, but I do have to um...write some stuff down on a piece of paper. He begins to write. Beat. Cayenne pepper water for three days now. It's supposed to clean you out, make you feel lighter. It's working. The only problem is I get so hungry. I just want a big slab of ribs. You ever crave that kind of stuff? No, it's OK, I've got three sisters. We had tampons in the pencil drawer. Sometimes my friends and I would say they were cigars and smoke'em. (beat) Okay. I have finished writing down the things I need to write, on this paper. OH! He hands her a business card. That's my name right there. In case you forgot it from last time. It's Nathan Rhodes. That credit lady called you again. I told her you were at the tailors. I don't like those pants. They give you four corners. Annie's not following. Do you have a tube skirt? Wait. If you stand like you are right now facing that angle, it looks good. She looks in the mirror again, grabs her bag and leaves. I have to admit, I told Becca 'm not really keen on set-ups. I know i's early, but so far so good. And thanks again for coming from Milwaukee, I know it's quite a drive. Next time maybe I'll come to you. Annie smiles. You have got great teeth. Finally! Mike guzzles down his cocktail as they read their menus. Well, I don't know about you but since we're at a Thai restaurant, I'm gonna try the dog. Mike laughs at his own joke and continues drinking. I try to squeeze in a game now and then. We should play sometime. Yeah, my game's pretty solid. I did win a couple tournaments at the club. I tend to- Jesus Christ! (whispers) It smells like B.O. in here huh? I think it's the people. A very effeminate waiter brings them their drinks. Here ya go. I'll be back to take your order in two secs. I'm swamped! Whoa, get a load of our waiter. 'm surprised he didn't put pink umbrellas in our drinks... Annie laughs, but is a little uncomfortable. Or AIDS. Mike laughs. Annie is HORRIFIED. Mike swigs from his drink. Seriously, AIDS is crazy. You do't have it do you? (singing) Neither do I... He raises his eyebrows up and down at her. So I started to get a little chub, you know what that is. How could I not with those huge canteloupes waving in my face. Anyway, I looovee massages, am I right? As he's laughing he lets out a huge burp. (still laughing) Whoa-ho! Excyuuuuse me! I got that from Steve Martin. Still laughing, he pats his pockets. Oh shit. I forgot my wallet. Annie Walker. I thought I heard your car out there. Jones? Oh boy. Guess somebody thought he was a little more memorable than he was. That's ok. Call me Rhodes. (notices her drink) Trying to get “calm”? Oh. Yeah, trying to wean myself back to the really bad foods I like eating. A lot of people get up to high speeds on this road. I tell people its better to pay for a ticket than have your family pay for a funeral. Want a carrot? Oh, you got the ugly carrot. There's one in every bag. You should eat it. Don't litter. He picks it up. Yeah, I don't go on blind dates. It seems unnatural. Just tell her the truth. You know my dad used to say that life is like a hallway of doors. You can stand at the same door forever if you want. Or you can open a different door. And that one may not be the right door, but i'll open up a whole new hallway of doors. Anyway, it worked for me. I was kinda lost and I opened a door and the next thing I knew I was a cop. And I love my job. Or you can always sell moon-pies by the side of the road. It's a joke. You had moon-pies in your car the first time I pulled you over. When I get married I don't want the kind of wedding people have these days. I want it to be like a carnival. You know dunk tanks? People win prizes... Ok, first of all that's a circus wedding and I'm talking about a carnival wedding. And then she moved to Hawaii and now lives with a guy who sells shaved ice. And supposedly she has really long armpit hair now. That's pretty much the last girlfriend I had. Wow. You win. Oh, before you go. There is something I want to give you. I was gonna wait but, I think you'll want this now. He jokingly gives her the ugly carrot. Well I know you've had a terrible night. He gives it to her. Her phone rings. Yeah. Don't forget about those taillights. They're really starting to bug me. Next time I won't call so late. Awesome. It's cool that we can just hookup and whatever. No strings. Cool. Bye. Wow, well I have never seen a transformation like this. This old tour bus is stunning. Unbelievable. (to Annie) You got another package from your mom. No problem. But you should always put gas in when it gets to a quarter tank. Especially cause you have such a shitty car. Ooo. Let me turn this off. Vegas is a black hole but I must have it in my life. Does that make sense? Oh no. Now I don't know about weddings. When you go on a bachelorette, does the bride pay? Ok, I'm gonna say no. You cannot afford that. Vegas is not cheap. Airfare, hotels, food, cars, drinks, clubs, show tickets. Remember this morning? You cannot afford Vegas. No, you need to win a contest to go to Vegas/You had gum for lunch yesterday. Ooh, “Night Moves.” Can I have this? A lightbulb goes off in Annie's head. Steve holds the blazer out and reads the tag. Okay, two nights? Do you want towels? Do you need sheets? No pillow though, ok? Annie just stares at him. Woohooo/Ooooh/Alright! No, no, no wait. Wait. (to Annie) Hey, will you roll for me? Can she roll for me? Only if she's playing. Anything but a seven or eleven, as many times as you can. What's your name? I'm Dave. This is Brian, Brian and Mark. Ok Annie, do your thing. Annie rolls a four. The guys all cheer. Yeah! Four! Annie rolls again, another four. She laughs. Yeah, four! Holy shit, two fours. One more time, third time's a charm! Annie rolls again. Another four. She ca't believe it! Annie! Annie! Annie! Annie gets a text message. No cell phones at the tables m'am. Its a casino rule. No, you gotta play the game out. You have to finish your roll. She continues to roll all fours. The guys scream. Sorry. She reads a text message from Helen. “We're leaving Sacrifice. It's boring. Meet us at the Jungle Lounge” What do you mean? Where are you going? We love clubs! We'll come with you. Come on, we'll get your cab. Sorry we haven't eaten all day. I have NEVER seen a drive-thru line like that dude. It's because of the concert. They continue eating. Do you think I know? How do you think I know? Oh, shit. We can't go into this place. We got kicked out last night. Hey, what'd I tell you guys?!!! Whoa, it's ok, we're just goin next door! Oh, Annie, here's your cut of the craps money. Eight hundred bones. You won big for us tonight. Buy your friends a round of drinks and come next door after. Yeah, bring your friends. The Roller!!! Woohoo/Yeah/ The Roller!/Annie! They all high five. Annie turns to bouncer. 60 bucks. Yeah, she's back/ the Roller!/ Yeah! What happened to you? Roller, I can't stand seeing you like this. (to bartender] Get this fine lady a shot! I hate Helen. I hate Helen. Hey. Its ok. Sorry I gave you a hickey. Nicole!? Hey, Nic. Dude, I'm sorry. She made us bring her here. She said you have her fake I.D.. looking for someone. The room goes wild. Excuse me. Hi. I'm sorry, you can't be up here. You have to go back to coach. That's not true. Annie stares at her. The flight attendant holds out her hand for Annie to grab. Oh, I know what's going on. You're jealous of that Helen girl. If you say so. Oh come on, you know you got it goin' on... You're right, you don't. Sorry! Now Annie is back in her running car. Actually, I'm heading home. Got my sister staying with me for a few days. Sh's been thinking of divorcing of her husband. He had an affair and they've got kids so it's complicated. My sister is a hell of a woman, you know? And her husband is- you know what I think cheating is? It's weak. It's a weak person that cheats. Something clicks with Annie, she sees him in a new light. Yeah. I should go..now. Don't forget to call my friend about those tail lights. They're really starting to bug me. You too. He abruptly walks back to his car. She drives away confused. Well, I've got good news for you. You're going to live. Hahahah. It's not an allergic reaction though. You've got body lice. Have you recently come in contact with or slept anywhere that you think you might You're gonna have to wash every fabric in your apartment and I'll give you a topical cream that should knock it out pretty quick. I've got some samples. Ooh, another package from your mom? Are you a guest of Helen Harris? The shower is one mile away. He hands her a pink lemonade. One flies in her car. They're Rose petals! Annie's shitty car drives down a road covered with Rose petals. At the driveway, she is greeted by a valet in a pink bow-tie and beret. As she reaches for her gift from the passenger seat, another valet opens that door and take it. This will be placed in the gift room for you madame. He reaches for the cookies she made, and she stops him. Would you like an assisted ride to the main house? looking. face super imposed over them. On the counter is a framed photo of Helen, soft lit, posed with her hand gently face. She also sees a photo of Helen and Lillian from Vegas on the plane. Happy. As Annie leaves, she runs into her Mom, wh's new hairstyle is a bit overdone. attention by microphone. Well, I can't say I'm surprised. You should've taken it to my friend- Whoa. Don't take it out on me. This is your fault. You had no taillights! You did't get them fixed! You don't get to blame anyoe else. It's your fault. Annie starts to walk away. Oh, you're going to walk fifteen miles?! Another WISE decision! I know that you not taking responsibility is why we're standing out here! YOU did not make an effort to fix that problem. This hits Annie. Rhodes is physically worked up. It's dangerous! You're putting your life, and others in danger! Look, all I know, is that you're kinda crazy. You're always stressed out or late, complaining about something, and now you're yelling at me! And for some reason, all I've ever wanted to do is ask you on a date. Yeah, I'm not much of a hickey guy anyway. Annie remembers her hickey. He saw it?! Well, then you have yourself a good night ma'am. Annie regrets that. He drives away leaving her there. She is alone. Rhodes told me a while back you might be stopping in. I'm Bill Cozbi. I was beginning to think we'd never see ya. Nah, no one likes taking care of that stuff. But you are going to have to leave your car here for a week or so. So you kind of had a bad time at the wedding shower? Yeah. Ok, don't get mad at me, but it seems like you have a lot of those. Have you considered the idea that maybe, possibly, perhaps, it's you that makes them shitty? Annie stares at him. I think that might be your problem. I think you read too many of those magazines. You don't need things to be someone. Tyra said that. Tyra Banks. Hey Annie. Yeah, yeah. Listen I'm going out tonight but I should be home around 11, you wanna come over? Well, I can't think of anything else to tell you. Did you have any questions? Four a.m. Annie is a little surprised. Ti's smiling. Oh and I wanna try one of those moonpies. Parts and labor, we're lookin' at eight hundred dollars. But with your discount... Yeah. Rhodes and I worked out a deal way back when, so, this one's on the house. Yep. I owe him big time. He runs background checks on all the guys my daughter dates. There's been a lot of 'em. Ok, you can take Women's Studies or Spanish...oooh The History of Wine. The phone rings. What about the Science of Jazz? The girls still driving. Megan's eating chips. Lillian hugs her. Thanks a lot for bringing me. It was really complicated. I remembered the name of this place, I called them up, told them I was a cop calling on official police business, doing a very big investigation and uh, made them tell me all the weddings they had planned for the next two months with a bride named Lillian. [ALT: I'm a cop] Annie smiles. Yes I did. Yeah. No. I couldn't eat them. They were completely covered in ants. You probably should have put it in a plastic wrap or maybe a foil or something. Tupperware would've worked but then I'd have to get it back to you-I'm gonna kiss you right now so... He walks to her and takes her in his arms. They are about to kiss. Rhodes stops. Annie is walking back to her hotel. A cop car pulls up next to her. I'm a cop. They're looking at each other, not knowing what to do. Yes I did. Yeah. No. I couldn't eat them. They were completely covered in ants. The real reason I came here today is that I have something that belongs to you. He opens his hand to reveal the ugly carrot. She smiles. He stops the car and unlocks the passenger door. She gets in. They drive off into the sunset. 