Well, I'm full. You were right, hon. I shouldn't have eaten all that bread. Want to just share a dessert? Tracy is lost in thought, gazing at a menu. You okay, babe? You seem out of it. Me too. Okay, let's say it at the same time. One. Two. Three... ROBBIE WEAVER (13), quickly covers himself up. He was  masturbating. Close the door! Hi. Who looks like a carrot? I think your friend Hannah is sexy. Hannah LAUGHS. Pretty sure I did. Thirty-three next month. I find you incredibly sexy. It's a fact, not a cheesy pick-up line. There are many attractive women in this bar -- including your friend here -- and I've been unable to take my eyes off you, only you, for the past two hours. Again: not a cheesy pick-up line, just a fact. Answer this quickly, without thinking about your answer: do you find me attractive? Hannah doesn't flinch. Yes you do. I'm an accomplished lover. If you come home with me, I am confident you will leave satisfied.  Multiple times. We'll make love and it will be amazing. You'll laugh afterwards and say `I never do this kind of thing.' Then you'll do it again. It is. So now I'm going to ask if I can buy you another drink. If you say yes, we'll have one more cocktail each -- just enough to start losing inhibitions, not enough to get sloppy, after all: I promised to satisfy you. That's right. So, here we go, Hannah: can I buy you a drink? Hannah and Liz share a look. Margarita, rocks, salt. Please stop. If you keep talking, I'm going to get out of the car. Okay. Just like that, Cal OPENS THE DOOR to the moving car and, simply, steps out. Tracy SCREAMS as Cal goes flying. She screeches to a stop as he tumbles to the curb in her rearview mirror. I'll leave tonight, I'll sign whatever you want me to sign, if you'll just stop talking about it. She touches his bloody forehead, affectionate. There's still something here. Okay. He stands, limps back to the car. I'm sorry that you had to see that. She keeps staring straight ahead. For the record: I think about you while I do it -- I have a picture of you and I look at it the whole time -- I love you, Jessica. And I know you're seventeen, and I know I just turned thirteen, which is the  same age as your little brother,  and you're technically my baby- sitter, but someday soon our age difference will be inconsequential which is good because... I'm pretty sure you're my soulmate. She stops, looks at him and smiles gently. Shit. Jessica jumps off the couch. Mrs. Weaver told me she wants a divorce so I jumped out of the car. Hope the kids behaved. Come on, I'll drive you home. Robbie steps INTO FRAME. Dad? Oh. I didn't know you were here. You're getting divorced? Yes. And you jumped out of a car? A moving car, yes. I'm sorry you found out this way. I'm sorry you jumped out of a car. Thanks. Jessica, you got your coat? We'll talk to the kids tomorrow. Tell them we're separating. Just separating. We'll do it together. He thinks. I'll have to tell Nanna. Uch, she's gonna be crushed. But not right now. She's got enough to worry about... He trails off. Another long beat of silence, then he remembers his company and turns toward Jessica. So, I hear Stanford early  admission, huh. I know your dad is so proud. David Jacobowitz! Are you kidding me!? DAVID FUCKING JACOBOWITZ! Sorry about that. Hey: do me a favor -- can you not mention what's going on between Mrs. Weaver and I to your parents? It's probably better they hear it from us. Okay? That's my girl. Jessica awkwardly gets out of the car. Hey, Jessica? Thanks for listening. She smiles, turns back. She freezes when she sees... He's holding CASH out the window to pay her. You put this to that fake ID you'll need up at Stanford.  And with a sad wink, he drives off -- leaving her standing there, lovelorn and forty-five dollars richer. Another vodka cranberry? Yes. Just... yes. A GIRL (30s) approaches the bar. Cal taps her shoulder, a drunken train-wreck waiting to happen. Guess what? My wife is having intercourse with someone who isn't me. That's very nice of you to say. She just told me tonight, obviously it came as a bit of a shock and you're not listening anymore. The Girl has turned back to a group of friends. I bet you wouldn't ignore me if I were David Jacobowitz. My wife doesn't ignore David Jacobowitz. (to no one)  She screws him.  Something catches Cal's eye across the bar. We PAN TO... wearing his two thousand dollar suit, he's now got TWO  BEAUTIFUL WOMEN fawning over him at his table.  Cal takes him in for a long beat, turns back to the  bartender, and decides: I guess the price is right. I'll take it. I guess. Cal, I just got the weekly sales  report, good good good! You  really killed this quarter! Keep it up you're going to be  sitting in my seat by year's end.  Really great, Cal. Seriously. Who told you Tracy and I were  getting a divorce? I have to go buy furniture now.  Cal stands, EXITS. Go for it!  (then, calling after)  It could have been cancer, buddy! Can I help you, sir? My wife is sleeping with David  Jacobowitz. I need a couch. Ooh, I understand. Can I give you  a word of advice, one divorced man  to another? If you don't mind? Sure. Get the matching chaise, killer  deal.  He pats the adjacent piece. Cal processes this. I want it in beige. I'll write you up. Oh, no, I'm sorry, I'm waiting for  a friend. You've been holding the seat for  an hour. Can't help but notice that you're  always surrounded by women.  Multiple women.  Jacob doesn't even turn. I'm getting divorced. Or, in the  process. Gonna be single again.  Nothing. Any advice? Yeah. Don't start conversations with  people while they're pissing.  He walks away, washes his hands, EXITS. A beat, then: Sorry I'm late, I had to pick  something up from Macy's. Don't worry about it, here, sit,  I've been guarding this stool with  my life.  Bernie sits, looks uncomfortable. It's good to see you, man. I've  called you a few times. It's been  a rough couple of days, obviously.  Nothing I could use more than my  old pal Bernie to unload on. Hey,  we should play racquetball, when's  the last time we played  racquetball? Claire won't let me be friends  with you anymore.  Cal takes this in. I'm sorry, what? She said we had to choose between  you and Tracy. I chose you. She  said no. It's cologne. Are you breaking up with me? Claire's waiting in the car.  Um... there's a gift receipt in  there. Sorry.  Bernie stands, awkwardly. He pats Cal on the shoulder,  lingers a beat too long, then simply turns and EXITS.  Cal is left alone. He raises a finger at the Bartender. Do you have anything with a worm  in it? Because I'd like a gallon  of that now. Legs crossed, martini in hand, he's been watching Cal get  dumped this whole time.  He PANS UP from Cal's feet. The white sneakers. Bad navy blue dress socks. Dad khakis. An ill-fitting, untucked, dress shirt. Half-lidded eyes. Rumpled hair. Jacob shakes his head. Jesus Christ. He says something  to THE WOMAN who currently sits at the table. She nods,  gets up and walks away. This is my youngest, Molly. Her two favorite things are High School Musical and her mother. I hate both of her two favorite things. A SHARP WHISTLE interrupts. Cal turns, sees Jacob. Jacob motions for Cal to come over. Every move Jacob makes is practiced, perfectly cool. Jacob Palmer. I'd like to buy you a drink, Cal. I already have a drink. Let me buy you a drink, Cal. Okay. Jacob motions to the Bartender who NODS. Cal SITS. My wife is cheating on me with -- David Jacobowitz, yes, Cal, I've heard. We've all heard. For the last two nights, I've watched you  batter every poor soul in this bar with your sad-sack loser sob story. Cal takes this in. He STANDS. You know what, I don't need this Sit down, Cal. Okay. Cal sits. Jacob's that powerful. Cal's that drunk. Cal, I'm going to make you an offer, it's probably the best offer you're ever going to get, and you're extremely drunk, so it's wildly important that you don't answer until I've finished and you've taken a few moments to process what I'm saying. Do you understand? Cal goes to answer, Jacob holds up a finger. Cal stops himself. Once he's settled, Jacob continues: As I said, I've been watching you for two days now and I can say,  without hesitation, that you are the sorriest man I've ever seen in my life -- don't interrupt, Cal, it's the truth, and you need to hear it. You're sitting there with your Supercut haircut, getting drunk on watered down vodka-cranberries like a fourteen- year-old girl, wearing a 41R jacket when you should be wearing a 40L -- I don't know if I want to help you or euthanize you -- stop drinking out of the goddamn straw, Cal.  Cal stops drinking from the wimpy red straw. You asked me for advice before,  Cal, so I'm going to help you. I  don't know why. Maybe I'm just bored. Maybe all my friends have abandoned me for wives and children and labradoodle puppies, who cares why? Why doesn't matter. The point is, you've got a good face, and a good head of hair, and I'm bored as hell and need a project. So if you want, I'm going to help you rediscover your manhood. Do you remember when it was that you lost it?  Cal shakes "no." Doesn't matter, we'll find it. And when we do, when I'm through with you, that wife of yours is going to rue the day she decided to give up on you too early. That's my offer. What do you say? Cal stares at him blankly. A long beat of silence. Cal goes for a drink, almost uses the straw... then catches himself. He puts down the drink. Looks up. Yeah, okay. Mall food court, Thursday, six o'clock. I'm sorry, what? Jacob downs his drink, nods at THE WOMAN (now nearby). You ready to go?  She nods, subservient, and follows him out. Cal shakes his head, picks up his drink, and slurps the rest of his vodka cranberry out of the straw. A weathered playground sits off to the side. You can  tell it hasn't been used in quite some time. Baseball  equipment lays all over, the site of many father-son  catches. An oft-used barbecue next to the house.  You can tell a lot about this family from seeing this  backyard. You like this family a lot from seeing this  backyard. I'll be fine. It was two times -- I did that on purpose. Once I'm settled, I'll get the  kids so they can see the place.  He walks to the truck. Tracy's voice stops him. You have to fertilize once a  month. Not twice a month, not  once every two months.  She takes a deep breath, finding her balance. The sprinklers turn off behind  you. If it rains a lot, you need to  shut off the automatic setting. I think it was when you screwed  David Jacobowitz.  Ouch. Tracy's face registers the blow, but she nods:  she also understands it. Make sure my azaleas get enough  sun.  Cal turns, gets in the U-HAUL, and backs out...  And immediately crashes into the neighboring FENCE. Okay, well, this is it. What do you think? Didn't have a lot of time to house-hunt, but... They look around his depressing, beige apartment. A  pathetic TV plays the Disney Channel in the corner. There's a second bedroom with twin beds so you two can stay over whenever you want! Anytime! So... you're like, actually going  to live here? Molly looks like she's going to cry. Hey, hey. Come on now, you'll visit all the time. Every weekend. It won't be that bad. Listen, baby. What's happening with your mommy and I... it's not what either of us wanted, not what either of us planned. But you need to understand that you kids have done nothing wron-- Don't take it personally. That show's like crack to her. Cal NODS. You okay? You? Robbie shrugs. Can I say something with a curse? One time? Yeah. Why not? Robbie NODS, takes a deep breath. Love is fucked.  Cal LAUGHS, a bit of tension relieved. Is that so? You in love, buddy? Well, if you must know -- What is she doing here? Oh, right, hey, Jess, thanks for (back to Robbie) I have to run out really quickly, just for a few hours, and your mother wants you to stay here while she's out hooking -- What? Huh? Yes, well, that's a generous adjective, thank you. Anyhow, Jess is gonna keep an eye on you guys for a few. But I don't need a babysitter! She's only four years older than me! You need to know that! She needs to know that! I know, buddy. Cal musses Robbie's hair. My little boy's growing up, Jess. He's in love already, can you believe it? Uch. Robbie thumps the wall with his head, dying. Molly, say bye-bye to Daddy?  No response, she's glued to the television. Wait, where are you going? I'm, uh... I decided to take a class. Okay, well... Molly, last chance!?  But Molly is still locked on Efron. That's my angel. Back in a few. But, Dad -- Nope. The door slams. Robbie stands there with Jessica, awkward. Tries to maintain some semblance of cool. I don't need a baby-sitter. I love you so much -- What am I doing? What the hell am I doing? He walks past a CHEESECAKE FACTORY. Inside is...  Hannah (girl from the bar who Jacob tried picking up). I think you're wrong. I think that's Tucker. No, no, no. Chris Rock is the stand-up comedian. Chris Tucker is the actor. She's gonna kick that bar's butt! All the dorks CHEER. Liz SHRUGS. Hey, Liz? When my girl passes, we're gonna have another little celebration, right here. Hope you can make it. It's going to be a special night. You know it! Hannah leads Liz out of the restaurant, WHISPERS: You're late. (then, offering) Sbarro's? No thanks. So what exactly are How much money can you afford to spend on clothes today? I dunno. Five hundred? Three thousand. Okay. We'll start with shoes. Let me see those sneakers you're wearing. Cal holds up his foot. Take them off. Cal bends down, takes one off. Other one too, please? Cal does as he's told. Jacob holds out his hands. Cal SHRUGS, hands Jacob the shoes. Jacob simply turns and throws them over the railing. What the hell!? Are you in a fraternity, Cal? Those were my favorite shoes. ARE YOU IN A FRATERNITY, CAL!? No. Are you Steve Jobs? What? ARE YOU THE BILLIONAIRE OWNER OF No. I'm not Steve Jobs. Then you don't need to walk around in New Balance Sneaker, ever. Let's go. I think this whole thing might have been a bad idea. Jacob ignores him, grabs a pair of BLACK DRESS SHOES. Any man can rebuild his entire wardrobe with sixteen simple items. Ha! I think I read that in GQ. You did. I wrote it. Really? Jacob CHUCKLES. Cal CHUCKLES back, clearly unsure what the chuckle symbolizes. Numbers one and two: pair of dress shoes, pair of loafers. I'm sorry, I'm lost: do you really write for GQ? Jacob slaps Cal's hand, knocking the socks away. Your credit card please? Take it in there... and there. These are two hundred and thirty dollars. Can't we just go to the Gap? He looks up. Jacob is gone. I'm sorry! Don't leave! No, Cal. We can't just go to the Gap. What's wrong with the Gap? In Hell, every store is the Gap, that's what's wrong with the Gap, Cal. It's lowest common denominator. Be better than the fucking Gap, Cal. I'm very warm. You rub this in around your eyes every night and every morning. What does it do? It gives you x-ray vision, Cal. It tightens things up. The skin around your eyes looks like Milton Berle's ballsack. Cal stops, examines his eyes in a mirror. Oh my God, it does. I like to use a number four on the sides and the back, go longer on the top. Oh, okay. Thanks for that, Vidal Sassoon. Tiffany, hon? Scissor  cut, tight on sides, get him some texture up top, take off about... He touches Cal's hair, measures it between his fingers. Eww. ... inch off the top. Tiffany starts chopping. What are you putting on? Perfect. (then, to Tiffany) You smell great by the way. What are you doing tonight? That's okay, I do. She GIGGLES. Cal calls out. Yes, Cal, just like that. Yes. Yes. Okay, I feel kind of stupid but... The DRESSING ROOM DOOR opens. We TILT UP... FROM expensive shoes, TO pants, TO fitted sweater over a fitted shirt and bright tie. The new haircut... A new man. He looks... unbelievable. Yep. Can I blouse out the shirt a little? I like to blouse out my shirts a little. Shut up, Cal. You'd fuck him, right? Jesus! Tiffany! (then, realizing) You would!? Tiffany SHRUGS. You see that, Cal? The simple act of opening your mouth instantly causes Tiffany to lose interest in sleeping with you. Your personality is actually your weakest link. Cal takes this in. Well, that's the meanest thing anyone's ever said to me. No, Cal. The meanest thing anyone's ever said to you is this: your wife cheated on you because you lost sight of what it took to keep her content at home -- as a man, as a husband, and probably as a lover. Cal's lower lip begins to quiver. Yeah, okay, that was meaner. I notice you only button your shirts up, like, halfway. I can't pull that off, right? No. Listen, Cal, I'm going to be  calling women over to our table shortly. Cal rubs his hands together, nervous. We should have some background on each other, no? I'm in insurance, more on the corporate side. My kids are -- Cal, the only thing I care less about than corporate insurance are your kids. Here's the only thing  I need to know: how many women have you been with? Sexually? Yes. In my entire life? No, synchronized swimming. Yes,  Cal. Sexually.  Cal thinks. He MUMBLES to himself, counting it out on one hand. One. Jacob CHORTLES. But Cal just stares at him blankly. Wow, okay... wow. (then, checking)  Not at a time? Total? What? I married young. We met in high school. He smiles, remembering. Tracy was so damn beautiful. You know those women, the ones who can be wildly sexy and unbelievably cute all at once? I never knew how she did that. I still don't know how she does it. Anyway, we had a bit of a hiccup our senior year but we made it -- Cal, I literally stopped listening at `Tracy.' Okay, here we go. (a bit emotional) I miss my wife. Shut up, Cal. A YOUNG WOMAN slides into the booth at Jacob's side. Hi. Jacob Palmer. Don't. He pulls it back. -- Weaver. Can I get you a drink, Amy? Tell me about yourself. What do you do? It does to me. She looks up. He looks completely earnest, repeats: It does to me. She smiles. PAN TO CAL: just sitting there watching, horrified. Listen, I'm going to be honest: it's getting late and I think you're interesting. I also think you're one of those rare women who manages to be both wildly sexy and incredibly cute all at once. Mouth agape. That was his line! Let's get out of here. I know it's forward of me but just... I think we should get out of here. She thinks, then NODS. I think we should get out of here. I think we should get out of here. You want to talk about The Scarlet Letter, Mrs. Thompson? Here you go: the `A' they're both wearing -- I think it stands for ASSHOLE. Wanna know why? Because they're in love, and love is for stupid ASSHOLES. So thanks for choosing this book, Mrs. Thompson, because this is what I need right now: to  read a boring, confusing book about a bunch of stupid assholes who fell in love, like assholes, and then had to die, like assholes. I'm sorry for cursing. You have a second? You've been avoiding me. You ran away in the other  direction when you saw me coming  down the hall yesterday. That must be it.  He turns serious. I'm sorry about you and Cal. I'm also not sorry, if I'm being  completely honest. A lot. Just to clarify. I like  you a lot. I had no intention of  falling for a married woman. I  just wanted someone to go to lunch  with who didn't make me want to  shoot myself in the face. But we  started having lunch, and talking,  and suddenly I was an accountant  who was popping out of bed in the  morning, excited to get to work.  That doesn't happen to  accountants. Ever. I've checked  with other accountants.  She smiles. So when the time is right for you  to get back out there again,  officially, I just... I'd like to  throw my hat in the ring.  Officially. That sounded weird.  Tracy LAUGHS lightly, leans forward. Sorry. She SIGHS. I guess. He's dressing a lot better. Going out a lot. He's sad. He looks better, but... sadder, too, I think. You know? I know. I heard you crying the other night  and... I didn't know what to do.  I'm thirteen years old and... can  you just tell me what I'm supposed  to do in that situation? I didn't  want to Google it.  She smiles, shakes her head. I'm okay with being like you, Mom.  I like you.  She puts down her pen. Smiles sadly at Robbie. It'll be okay, Mom. Okay. Okay. Awkward. Really awkward. Tracy starts to say something, thinks better of it, and EXITS. David moves into the room, sits down opposite Robbie. So, Robbie... I hear you're quite the soccer player. So, David... I hear you broke up my parents' marriage. He LAUGHS awkwardly, shocked. You are David Jacobowitz, right? From accounting? Um, yes I am -- Here's the thing, David: in the end, she winds up back with my dad. He's better than you, in every category except probably  math. And she still loves him.  Robbie props the PHOTO of Tracy and Cal back up. Listen, Robbie -- Now I know what you're thinking: `he's just in 8th grade, what does he know about love?' I know a lot more than you think, David. Just today, I had a meltdown, almost gave up on the love of my life. My dad's having his meltdown now,  but long-term? He won't stop fighting for my mom any more than I won't stop sending Jessica texts that make her uncomfortable. And you need to know that. Tracy RE-ENTERS. Content. His yard may not be his anymore, but it's back  in order. As he takes it all in...  A LIGHT pops on.  Cal DIVES into a SHRUB. I think you're ready, Cal. For what? To talk to a woman, take a woman home. Oh, no. No, I'm not. You've been watching me do it for two weeks. Yeah, well, I've been watching LeBron James for years, doesn't mean I can suddenly dunk a basketball. Cal, do you remember the part in Karate Kid, where Mr. Miagi keeps having the kid wax the car and the  kid gets all bent out of shape because he doesn't see the point, but the movements were actually  building blocks for throwing and blocking punches? Oh God. Are you going to make me fight someone? Jacob stretches his neck, trying his patience: Cal, what's the first thing I do when a woman sits down? You ask if you can buy her a drink. And what if she says no? You order her a drink anyway, let it sit there. When she asks me a question about myself? You deflect it back to her. You never answer questions about yourself. And what happens? They talk about themselves. A lot. And what do I do? You act really interested. You nod a lot. And at the end of the night? You compliment them, then you ask if they'd like to come back to your place. Do I ask? No. You confidently tell them you'd like them to come back to your place. Holy shit! You Mr. Miagi'd me! Jacob BOWS to Cal, Japanese style. A PRETTY WOMAN stands near their table. Jacob stands, smiles. Oh, and no talking about your job,  your children, your pathetic sexual history, or David Jacobowitz. Okay, here we go... What, no, I'm not ready for -- (then, to woman) Hi! Jacob has pulled her over. She's attractive, mid-  thirties. Cal, this is Kate. Kate, Cal. Jacob NODS at Cal ("you've got this") and leaves them.  Kate SITS. Cal smiles at Kate, nervous. She smiles back. Cal MOTIONS for a waitress in the distance. Can I buy you a drink, Kate? I'm buying you a drink anyway, Kate, so you might as well tell me what you want. I'm guessing you're a vodka girl, am I right? Yeah? A nice dirty martini? No, no, no: a Grey Goose, rocks, extra lime? C'mon,  one drink! Picture those ice cubes clinking together. Mmmm. Can't you taste it? She smiles. Nothing. We don't want anything. Don't come back here ever. The Waitress leaves, confused. Kate looks around, uncomfortable. She tries small-talk. What do you do, Kate? I asked you second. She LAUGHS lightly, thinks he's being funny. Seriously, what do you do? Now it's getting a little weird. Teacher. Interesting. I'm very interested in teaching. A teacher with an alcohol dependency no less, I bet that's actually more common than people realize... I'm sorry! I'm supposed to deflect your questions... oh screw it: I'm in corporate insurance. And I have children. Plural. More than one. The only thing I have ONE of, is sexual partners, that would be the woman I recently separated from because she was cheating on me with David Jacobowitz who I wasn't supposed to tell you about either. I don't know: that you're a perfect combination of sexy and cute -- it was something I said about my wife that's since been corrupted. But I'm tired, and I'm at least fifteen years older than you, and this sweater is called slim fitting but it's really just uncomfortable and itchy. That's what you took away from that? She smiles, sits back down. It is? I don't understand. Look at you. Who wouldn't call you again? She looks up. It's not a line, it's a genuine compliment. She smiles warmly. Holy shit, Cal is in! Well, eventually I'm `supposed' to ask you if you want to get out of here. Actually no, I'm supposed to tell you, confidently, that you should come home with me. You're very pretty, Kate. And I can't tell if you're being serious, but I think you should come home with me. I'm not asking you, Kate. I'm telling you: you should come home with me. Kate looks up, genuinely turned-on. CUE MUSIC: "SEXYBACK" by Justin Timberlake. (gasping for breath) This is my dumpy apartment that I had to move into when I left my wife. I've never been with a woman besides my ex-wife. I'm worried you have AIDS. She stops. Only a little. She pushes him down on the couch, takes her sweater off. She's wearing just a bra. She looks amazing. Show you off to my wife to make her jealous. She GROWLS and dives on top of him as we launch: 1) HANNAH studies late into the night for the bar. 2) JESSICA reads magazine articles on "How to Make Him Notice You." 3) TRACY eats ice cream in bed, alone. 4) ROBBIE drags mysterious wood planks into his backyard. But we're mainly with CAL... ... it would work! You're out of your mind. What do college guys hate? Doing  laundry. What do they love?  Strippers. It's a strip club  where they can do their laundry. It's ridiculous. And yours isn't? A candy store  that only sells red candy. Everyone loves the cherry. Look,  I'm not rejecting the psuedo-  cherry flavors like raspberry or  strawberry, anything in the -erry  family is allowed. But let's be  real here: no one wants the  lemon. No one likes the grape. I like grape. Well then you can't come to my  store. For God's sake, Claire. Leave the poor bastard alone, would you? I gave him the cologne  like you told me to. We don't  have to dance on his grave. Claire, would you cut it out? Oh, c'mon! Enough. There she is! Oh shit. Nathaniel Hawthorne wrote in The Scarlet Letter: `No man for any considerable period can wear one face to himself and another to the multitude, without finally getting bewildered as to which may be the true.' Robbie puts down the paper, ignoring the jeers. I am not bewildered! Jessica Riley is my soulmate. She's the  one! I know it to be true, and so  now do the multitude. I have marked myself with this Scarlet J, Jessica! For you. Because your name starts with a J. It's just tape and construction paper but one day I will get a permanent tattoo when I'm old enough that my parents won't freak out on me. You like the scaffold? It has wheels. Took four weeks to build it. Oh, those are my friends, they helped me wheel it down. Wave hello. You'll learn to love me. I promise. Just because I'm four years younger than you? No. You can't. I've checked. No boyfriend since ninth grade. No date for Spring Formal last Who is he? Do I know him? Is he from town? I'll kill him if he hurts you. Jessica tries not to smile. We should probably get the scaffold back on the road before dark. Yeah. Hey, Nanna! I know, it's been forever. Have you been getting out at all? I'll bring you some of that deli you like one night, okay? The kids? They're fine. (to other room) Kids, say hi to Nanna. Oh, I've been keeping busy. Made  a new buddy, I've been spending time with him. Yeah, I'm going to  see her tomorrow night. Of course  I miss her. You don't know how much I miss... So you're seeing Mom tomorrow, huh? At my parent-teacher thing? Yeah. First time in a while. Yeah, but no biggie. Cal tosses him back the ball. Hey, what's with the moping? Nothing. It's just... there's  this girl. Cal smiles. Oh yeah? You like her? I like Pringles. This girl's my  soulmate. I'm like crazy, stupid,  in love with her. And she wants  someone else. But she's your soulmate? Yeah. Well you can't just give up. Why not? (then, quietly) You did. Cal freezes. Mom was yours, right? I didn't give up. Listen, Dad. I love you. I have your back, always. But let's be honest here: the woman told you she wanted a divorce and you jumped out of a car. It was slightly more complicated than that. And I'm a different guy now. You're the same guy. You just have different clothes. Do you  still love her? How old ARE you? Do you still love Mom? Cal doesn't say anything. His silence speaks volumes. Weren't we talking about you? We are. Your son is in desperate need of some romantic inspiration. So set an example for your boy.  Don't give up. It's complicated? Uncomplicate it. She says no? Change her mind. Look at you, you're the man right now, Dad. Get her back. Get back my mom. Oh, well turns out I've been buying the wrong size suit for twenty years so... Thank you. You always look great, so... Awkward. Neither knows what to say now. Tracy takes the  seat next to him. I talked to Nanna yesterday. She sounded like... Nanna. She  worries about us. I feel like I'm about to get detention. Tracy LAUGHS, tension broken a bit. Which teacher is this? He's a really weird kid, isn't he? I do, too. I'm so glad we switched the babies at the hospital. So, how are things with... (a beat, then) How's it going with David?  She looks down. No, I know. Who, me? No. You know me. No, not really. Yeah, well... Another long beat of silence. Cal gathers himself, takes a breath, and turns toward Tracy. I miss you, T. Tracy looks up surprised. I got complacent, I think. You find your soulmate in high  school... you've got the game  sewed up in the first quarter, you know? She smiles. I put in an effort when we were younger, didn't I? I'd do anything to make you happy: take you miniature golfing, dancing -- you were such a good dancer. All I ever wanted to do was make you love me. And then you did, really early on. And we got married so young. And I guess... I got lazy. I got boring. And I'm furious at you for what you did. But I don't totally blame you, if that makes any sense? I shouldn't have jumped out of the car. I should have fought for you. You fight for your soulmate. At least that's what our thirteen- year-old tells me. Tracy's eyes well up with tears. I'll be honest: he scares the shit out of me. She LAUGHS through her tears. It's Robbie's English teacher, Mrs. Thompson... better known to us as: KATE (the teacher from the bar who Cal slept with). Cal freezes, his lips on Tracy's hand. Oh God. (looking to the sky) Really? Um, yes... we've met before. Mrs. Thompson? This is my wife. Tracy. Why don't we head inside? We have a mutual friend. You know, maybe we should focus on Robbie? She's heard it, yes. So in terms of Robbie's progress -- We were a little concerned about Robbie's grade on his oral book Because usually he's a very strong public speaker -- OKAY! ENOUGH!!! I can explain. Tracy rushes out of the room. Cal calls after her. She's an alcoholic! You can't trust what she says! Tracy, wait! TEACHERS and PARENTS (including Jessica's parents), stepping out into the hallway and following them outside. Tracy, c'mon! We were separated. Okay, so -- Tracy, I love you. It's a funny story, actually -- Tracy, wait! Yes, I slept with her! I slept with our son's eighth grade teacher! GASPS from the crowd. Claire (Jessica's Mom) takes a picture with her cell phone. But all it did was confirm what I already knew: THAT I LOVE, YOU! Before, you were the only woman I'd ever been with or wanted to be with. And now, even after I've been with eleven women, you're ... the only woman I want to be with. (weakly, to himself) I'm your soulmate. Cal turns around to the crowd, only to be met...  By a SLAP ACROSS the face by Kate. She STORMS OFF. HE DESERVED AN `A' ON THAT BOOK REALLY!!!??? Excuse me, everyone. Everyone!? The room goes quiet. Now, if we could get our guest of honor over here... I forget what she looks like, anyone remember?  POLITE LAUGHS. Liz GAGS herself with her finger, looks at Hannah. Hannah takes a deep breath, downs her drink, and walks over to Richard. Is this it? I'm so proud of you, baby. I had my doubts, of course... More CHEESY LAUGHTER. Now I did tell you that it'd be a special night when you passed the bar. And I'm a lawyer so you know I never lie... More HECKLING from the crowd. Liz desperately orders another drink, barely able to take it. So, Hannah, I'd like to formally ask you, in front of all our friends and colleagues... ... if you'd like to become a permanent lawyer at the firm of Watkins, Goldberg, and Schmidt!? CHEERS. Hannah steps back, breathless. Richard reacts. You don't have a better offer already, do you? Everyone LAUGHS. What? Honey, I'm so sorry, I didn't realize. It's definitely a possibility, down the road. I think I just need a little more time. I'm still figuring out how I feel about us, you know: long-term. Honey? She's really laughing now. Standing there, in all his glory. He flashes his coolest smile. They melt. We've seen this before. SLAM! The door to the bar busts open, revealing: Yes. Yes. Yes. Hannah NODS, takes his hand. Is that a compliment? I thought you would. Drink? Cheers. What? Yes. That's how it normally works. Hannah NODS, grabs the bottle, takes a swig. Yes. At some point, yes, I was under the impression that was your plan. She takes a deep breath, admits: I'm getting that. You're adorable. Hannah SNAPS, already tipsy. I don't think people say `bang' anymore. What? Now take off yours. In the bedroom is preferable. Hannah stands, a girl on a mission. I'm glad you like it. They resume kissing. After a beat, she pulls back again. No. I do. She STARTS LAUGHING HYSTERICALLY. It's infectious. Five thousand doll--  That DOUBLES HER OVER, hysterical. Jacob starts laughing with her... really laughing. We can tell: this is different for him. He likes her. We watch him as he realizes that. As he processes it. We watch him look at Hannah. Hair in her face: drunk, laughing, completely amazing. And then... Jacob does the most unexpected thing: Do me a favor. Ask me a question about myself. C'mon, one question. Absolutely. Now, come on, I'll answer anything. You can ask me about my job, or past Icy... I guess? Not cruel, but cold. Very cold. He died, long time ago. Left us a lot of money, which is how I have... He motions at his PILLOW. Stuff like this. She motions at his abs. My dad was the opposite of my mom, actually... We PULL BACK as they continue chatting. TIME PASSES, as one question leads to another, and then another. Body language shifts. -- Soon they're sitting in bed, sharing the Scotch from the bottle, just talking. Then kissing. Then lying on their sides, face-to-face, talking some more. -- Until finally: it's Jacob who passes out. And it's Hannah who covers him with a blanket, and kisses him on the forehead, and begins falling in love with him. CUE MUSIC as we begin a... staring down at his hand, locked with Hannah's. He looks  terrified. I had fun tonight, Tracy. And I  was wondering if -- Wow. You know, that's exactly  what I was thinking. It's almost  uncanny.  They LAUGH. This is the moment. Romantic chemistry.  Are they going to kiss? Holy cow. And then...  THE DOOR OPENS. Jessica stands there. I'll see you at work.  He EXITS. Tracy stands there with Jessica, awkward. at top of the stairs, regarding the flowers. "Cal Weaver." With a heart. She stares at the envelope  for a beat.  Just then: HER DOORBELL RINGS.  Jessica jumps, started. She quickly puts the envelope in  a drawer and heads for the door. Hello? It's fine, it's fine. I'm glad  you called. Here: I'll walk you  through it. Pull it down.  She pantomimes this in the kitchen. Now, you see the red button? I  wrote `push' on it? Push. Now turn that to the right  and stick the match in. Good. Now just close the door and  you're good to go.  Silence. The charade is over. Now what? No, anytime. Call anytime with  stuff like that. Nanna's coming over tonight. You guys haven't seen her in a while. Wanna stay for dinner? Sure. Your mom's working till five,  we'll have to tell her. (off their silence)  What do you guys want to do today? Well, there's a shocker. She goes back into her trance. She still won't talk to you? Not if that show's on. No, I mean, Mom. Oh, no. Just hellos and goodbyes when we pass you guys off. What happened? Beyond your pay-grade, buddy. Cal looks pained. I will say this though: I got close. We were laughing. Talking about old times, all the things we used to do... His eyes drift to the TV. It's the timeless GOLF SCENE  from High School Musical II. A LIGHT BULB goes on. Baby? I'm gonna have to turn off the show. I have to -- I'm turning it off -- Oh, hey, Cal. Bernie. So how've you -- Bernie: I'd love to catch up, but  I'm doing something at the old  house tonight and I'm in a bit of  a rush so... yeah. Thanks again  for the cologne.  Cal takes off. Hello? Hey, Cal. Oh. My. God. It's alive. I'm sorry. I know I've been out  of circulation. You abandoned me at my time of  need. I've been a little... things have  gotten a bit... I met a woman. I bet you did. No, I mean, I've been spending a lot of time with her. This woman. One woman. Okay, whatever. Actually, tonight... I'm going to  meet her mother. Whoa!!!! Look at you! You do realize you might actually have to answer a question or two about yourself? Yes, I realize that, asshole. Hannah comes out of the wine store, hops over the car. Jacob can't help but smile: wow, he's REALLY into her. Gotta go. Grab a beer next week? You've got my number. Hey. Good for you, by the way. Thanks.  Cal HANGS up, LAUGHS to himself, and gets back to work. Staring at the picture. We don't see it, but we get the point: it's a father's worst nightmare. Bernie, dazed, slides the pictures back into the envelope. He looks at the envelope again. Cal's name. A heart. Realizing. She grabs a second set of keys. Dad's here.  Tracy's face drops. I have to blindfold you. Relax, Mom. He's your husband, not Al Queda. You'll make it out alive. She can't help but smile. She kneels down, allowing Robbie to BLINDFOLD HER from behind. He ties a SCARF around her eyes. Then ANOTHER at a different angle, double-knots it. Then ANOTHER! Okay, we're good, let's do this. Hi, T. Almost. Kids? She's right next to you, T. Nanna! Cal? What the hell are you doing here? What the hell are you doing here? Wait, what's going on? Hey, Nanna. WHAT THE HELL IS A NANNA!? Oh, God. I'M NOT UNDERSTANDING WHAT'S GOING No. No. No. No. HOW THE HELL DO YOU HAVE A 24-YEAR- I WAS SEVENTEEN! SHE WAS OUR WHY DIDN'T YOU EVER TELL ME THAT? YOU NEVER LET ME TALK ABOUT MY No way -- you and her... no way. End it, now. Well, that's not going to happen. Well, then I'm going to murder you. Robbie, take the goddamn thing off your mother! (then, looking up)  Bernie? Is that Jessica? BAM! Bernie lands a solid right into Cal's jaw. I LET HER BABY-SIT FOR YOU, YOU Bernie, I DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU'RE Know what? Know what? (struggling with it) I'm TRYING! With who? Are you pointing at me? Are you pointing at him? Wait: my dad is the older guy you've been seeing? I knew it. He gets ready to pummel some more. Jessica grabs him. You made him dirty pictures? Oh God. Wait: Jessica is your soulmate? You left your sweater in my car  the other night. David Jacobowitz. David Jacobowitz! David Jacobowitz!? Is this a bad time --  WHACK!!! Jacob LEVELS David Jacobowitz with a right  hook. You know how much misery you've put this poor bastard through!? Before Jacob can finish, Cal LEVELS Jacob. Stay the hell away from my daughter. Well, okay. That should about do it. (to his partner)  What do you think?  The other cop SHRUGS. The first cop, thinks, then: Look, I'm just gonna write domestic disturbance reported but all clear, okay? `Cause honestly, I don't even know what to put down here. Just... simmer down, okay? We all have arguments, but if you're gonna fight -- just do it inside.  Keep it in the family, okay? Jacob SNARFS down a laugh. Cal glares at him. I'll kill you. The cops look at Cal, at each other, SHRUG, and EXIT. Let's go. Now.  She NODS. Looks back at Cal. NOW! Don't. Cal turns to Hannah. This man is a lowlife and a I'm sorry, what?  Tracy doesn't push it. Cal turns back to Hannah. You may not be able to see it, but  I have. Over and over again. You are not to see him any more. Well then I don't have anything  else to say to you. GET THE HELL OUT OF MY HOUSE! shocked. I said: GET THE HELL OUT OF MY AND YOU MADE DAMN SURE OF THAT (one last try) Cal, c'mon -- But Cal won't even look at him. She's all yours, David.  Ouch. Go big or go home, right, buddy?  Robbie looks up at him, cold. Go home, Dad.  Cal NODS, EXITS. What time is it? 2:30 would have been sufficient but I appreciate the judgment, Cocktail Waitress. Yes, another drink would be grand. She EXITS. Cal feels bad for that one. As she re-approaches: That was uncalled for. Sorry for being a dick. Standing there. As always, he looks perfectly put together. He takes in Cal. It's a nice sweatsuit, Cal. What do you want? Can I sit? I don't know, can you? Okay, are we going to be mature about this, or act like children? Okay, so like children then. Move over. Jacob SLIDES in. I'd like to talk. You still seeing my daughter? Yes. Then I have nothing to say to you. Cal. Cal, look at me. Cal looks. Jacob still has that power over him. You been hanging out here a lot? Sometimes. Must be missing a lot of work. I have a lot of vacation days. Some vacation. I hate the beach... you've got a  lot of nerve coming here -- Just then, the WAITRESS re-approaches. Delivers Cal's drink. They wait her out. She EXITS. You want a sip? No, she probably spit in it. Jacob NODS as Cal pushes the drink away. Your kids miss you. You're hanging out with my kids, fantastic! You can teach Robbie how to objectify women, he'll love that. His eighth grade graduation is  next week. You coming? Of course I'm coming. Well you haven't exactly been around for him, Cal. He's not my biggest fan right now. Oh, that's a good excuse -- Alright, man-whore, if your lecture on parental responsibility is almost done -- I love her, Cal.  Cal looks up. I've never been in love before.  Honestly, I've never even been in  `like' before. She's my perfect combination of everything, Cal. Cal looks up at Jacob. He smiles, gently. I know you. I know what you are.  You are not good enough for my  daughter. And you will never have  my permission nor my approval.  Jacob stands. I'll see you at graduation.  He EXITS. Once more, Cal is alone. Just as he wants it. We WATCH the ceremony for a moment. The PRINCIPAL labors  through her introduction... (a bit monotone)  Thank you, Mrs. Thompson.  Welcome, Class of 2011. I grew up a lot this year, I  think. I used to think that  growing up meant really growing.  Like getting taller and bigger.  But now I think that growing up  just makes you smaller. Your  dreams get smaller, and what you  want gets smaller...  (beat, then)  I grew an inch and a half this  year, but I feel a lot smaller.  Cal sits forward, getting increasingly concerned. I was in love. And I know that  makes parents laugh because I'm  only thirteen but whatever, I was. I believed that there was one true  love for everyone, and if you  fought for that person, your one  true love would always work out.  But that's not how it works. It  sounded good when I was younger,  but... it's just not how it works.  There's no such thing as one true  love for everyo-- Dad? Hi.  (awkward, to crowd)  Hi, everyone.  Silence. No one knows what to do. Cal is suddenly  really uncomfortable. May I have a word with my son?  It'll just take a second.  Cal tries to extricate himself from his row. He steps  over people, squeezes by people, almost trips.  Finally clear, he gathers himself, and tries to keep his  dignity as he marches down the aisle -- past his family.  Robbie comes to the front of the stage, bends down. I don't know. What are you doing?  Robbie's eyes well up with tears. I was wrong, Dad. There's no such  thing as --  Cal turns toward the crowd, announces: My son's graduation speech sucks.  GASPS from the crowd. Now standing, alone, front and center in front of an  entire eighth grade graduation ceremony.  He looks behind him at the panel of TEACHERS. MRS.  THOMPSON discreetly gives Cal the finger. In fairness, I don't know where he  was going but I think we can all  agree it was heading in a pretty  depressing direction. And I  basically wrote it for him. I  mean, I didn't literally write it  but I sure as hell influenced it,  and the kid's already a spitting  image of his mother and I'll be  damned if this is what he's going  to get from me.  People squirm, uncomfortable. This is a train wreck. My son -- not him, my actual son --  he believes in grand romantic  gestures. He believes that people  have soulmates. And we always  want to tell our thirteen-year-  olds that they're wrong, that `one  day you'll understand, young man.'  But maybe it should be the other  way around.  He looks at Tracy, out in the crowd. I met my soulmate when I was  fifteen years old. Our first  date, we went for ice cream.  After, my dad started teasing me  about my `first date' the way dads  do. And I told him: `stop making  a big deal, Dad. I'm going to go  on lots of dates with plenty of  girls.' That was the first time I  ever lied to my father. I met my soulmate when I was  fifteen years old. And I have  loved her with everything I have  for every minute, of every day,  ever since she let me buy her that  first mint chip ice cream. I have  loved her through the birth of our  three perfect children, and I have  loved her even as I've hated her --  only married couples can truly  understand that one. And I don't  know what will wind up happening  with us -- I don't, Robbie, I'm  sorry I can't give you that -- but  I promise you this: I will never  stop trying. When you find `the  one' you never give up trying...  and I love you, my amazing boy,  for reminding me of that.  Robbie hugs his father as the crowd reacts. Cal kisses  his son on the head, then motions towards the microphone.  Robbie grabs it with newfound gusto and announces: I still love you, Jessica! I've  loved you since the first time you  changed my sister's diaper! I've  loved you since...  The crowd reacts (LAUGHS, CHEERS, etc.) as Robbie  continues. Cal stands back and smiles. His boy is back. Hi, Nanna. My perfect girl.  He kisses her forehead, turns to Jacob. I already ordered a gun. I'm not  kidding. I ordered a Colt .45 on  a shady internet site, I can show  you the receipt. If you hurt her,  I am prepared to shoot you in the  face. Cal, I'm not going to -- Shut up, Jacob.  Jacob shuts up. Wow. I like that.  Jacob smiles, shakes hands with Cal. Cal notices: Is that a new shirt? Hannah took me to the Gap. It's  actually not as bad as I thought. Seriously? Of course not, Cal. It's the Gap.  I got this at Nordstrom's.  And like that... order is restored in the universe. It was nice of you to come. So, how are things with your dad? Yeah, probably a good idea. You were a good baby-sitter, Jessica. I'm sorry if I made you uncomfortable. He holds out his hand, to shake, formally. I'm not. But I figure: you like  my dad, and one day I'll look like my dad, so I'll just come for you then. Jessica smiles. You okay, buddy? We might have to lock him up.  Tracy smiles. Cal walks over toward her. I've been working on it for thirty  years, so...  She LAUGHS, then... quiet. I don't know. I'd like to try  though. I know I'd like to try.  She nods, thinking. No!  As they JOKE and ARGUE about what flavor the ice cream  was, we PULL BACK.  Off to the side, Robbie steps away from his friends and  watches them enjoy one another's company.  He smiles. 