Not this week. As Shannon grins we feel the familiarity between them. Won't work. They head past more cars -- Fords, Dodges, Buicks -- until they arrive at a plain looking Impala. ...This is some comeback from the Clippers! Only a few minutes ago they looked dead and buried!... Driver reaches under the seat and pulls out a small handheld scanner. He switches it on, tuning it to the right frequency. Crackling police dispatches are interspersed with the basketball commentary now. ...9 Adam 81, what is your current location?...Repeat, what is your current location?... ...Another unbelievable three pointer from Davis and the Clippers are within five!... Out of the corner of his eye Driver sees two MEN approach. He doesn't react, expecting them. They cut through the fence with bolt cutters and approach the main building. Driver watches them pull on their masks, then one of them takes out a shotgun and blasts the lock to the front door. Instantly the alarm shrills. The only thing Driver does is to turn on his stop watch. ...Time out Knicks... The stop watching keeps ticking away, the siren blaring, the commentary continuing, the police scanner crackling. The storefront is hidden in shadow, impossible to tell what's going on inside. Driver looks at his stop watch. Almost three minutes. One of the masked men emerges now, carrying a duffel bag. He hurries over and gets in the back of Driver's car without a word. There's no sign of the other robber. POLICE SCANNER ...Attention all units...211...Superstore on Traction Avenue...Suspects headed Eastbound on 1st Street...Driving a Silver Impala... Driver swings sharply into 4th Street now, crossing the L.A. River again, heading back in the same direction he came. ...Airships dispatched...Downtown and Boyle Heights...All units standby. Repeat, all units standby... Up ahead, the lights of Downtown L.A. glitter against the night sky. Hovering between the neon green glow of the skyscrapers Driver sees the red and white glint of a police helicopter. He switches off his headlights, turning left on Santa Fe Avenue. ...1 Baker 11, headed south on Boyle Avenue...No sign of suspects...Repeat, no sign of suspects... The armed robbers look relieved when suddenly a police car glides past at the end of the alleyway, its lights also off. BASKETBALL COMMENTARY ...And for the first time in the game the Clippers have the lead. 71 to 69. Seven to go in the Fourth here at the Staples Centre... Driver turns the sound back down. Up ahead, the police car swings left, disappearing from view. Driver slows down too, anticipating the next obstacle. He doesn't have long to wait. In the distance he suddenly sees the piercing beam of a police chopper's search-lights, sweeping the area one more time. Driver floors the gas, speeding straight towards the approaching helicopter. The armed robbers are too stunned to protest. They just sit there, watching the sweeping searchlights getting closer and closer. Then suddenly it becomes clear what Driver's doing. Up ahead, there's a small underpass below the 7th Street bridge. Driver slides the car under the safety of the bridge just before the chopper's searchlights spot them. Get down... BASKETBALL COMMENTARY ...Three thirteen left on the clock. Dunleavy calls a time out and it's the Clippers by one... The passing head-lamps light up Driver's face. There's not a trace of emotion in his eyes -- even when he spots a patrol car approaching in the opposite direction. ...Buckle up your seat belts Clippers fans. This game really is too close to call... The two cars pass each other slowly. Driver sees the cops in the Black-and-White peering at the Impala as they head past. He turns down the basketball game and focuses on the scanner. ...This is 1 David 16...Silver Impala headed South on Broadway and Pico...Couldn't get a look at her license plates...Appears to be only one occupant... In the back seat, the armed robbers wait nervously for the police dispatch to respond. ...1 David 16...why don't you check her out... As soon as he hears this Driver swerves sharply into the next street. ...This is 1 David 16...We lost the suspect somewhere between Broadway and Grand...Possible evasive action...Request airship and additional units... ...1 David 11...suspect headed West on Pico... Driver threads his way through the vehicles in front of him, so smooth and effortless it's hard to tell how fast he's going. He glances up as he hears the dull rumble of a police chopper overhead. The helicopter is almost directly above him, swinging its search-beam back and forth to get a lock on his position. Driver pushes the car as fast as it will go, but there's no way of outrunning the chopper. Blue light floods the asphalt around him as he guns down Figueroa. All units...pursuit in progress...silver Impala...Headed North on Figueroa... Even now Driver doesn't panic, turning his attention back to the basketball game. Thornton pulls up from behind the arc, misses. Rebound New York. One eighteen to play... Driver swerves sharply towards the sparkling lights of the Staples Centre. ...Thirty seconds remaining and all the Knicks have to do is run out the clock... Driver glances in his side mirror. Behind him, dozens of FANS are already streaming out into the parking lot before the game is over, hoping to avoid the inevitable traffic. BASKETBALL COMMENTARY ...Gordon back to Davis...Davis for three...This is unbelievable!... The jubilant commentary continues, but Driver isn't listening anymore. The game has served its purpose. More fans flood into the parking lot. Dozens of cars pull out of their places. ...What a remarkable comeback...Outplayed for most of the game, the Clippers have shown incredible resilience... Driver glances at the armed robbers and nods. It's time. They climb out of the car, merging in with the crowd. Driver watches them disappear, then slips on a Clippers cap, climbs out of the Impala himself and heads towards another car. SHANNON ...This is a whole new thing. He taps the fender any faster than fifty not only will she roll, she'll roll all the way to Baja. Driver heads off, disinterested in the negotiations. They won't go higher than a thousand. Sorry, that's for the director... Here you go, Mr. Rose. (Taking out the white boxes) Egg rolls, chicken chow mein, five flavor shrimp and Peking duck. Did they remember the chop sticks? Doesn't look like it, sir. Let me run and get the guy. From the way the waiter hurries off we get a sense of Bernie's power and authority. He turns back to Shannon, resuming their conversation. BERNIE ROSE ...You run a perfectly good business. Why would you want to change now? How much do you need? That sounds like a lot. I don't know anything about car racing but I assume there's a reason for that? `Millions'? Thank you, Ron. You sure you don't want any of this? SHANNON No, thanks. Bernie waits for the waiter to leave then continues. You still haven't given me a number? Shannon hesitates but only for a second. Come on, Shannon. How can you be sure? What have you got these big money teams don't have? And they got half a dozen Drivers you told me. But you don't have the money. What's a Jew doing running a Pizzeria? Worst fucking pizza in LA by the way. How hard is it to bake a loaf of bread? I thought you were supposed to be out of town anyway? Be polite, Nino. I invited him here. I'll think about it but I want to meet your guy first... DRIVER Which floor, ma'am?... Goodbye, ma'am... Driver looks at her just long enough not to seem impolite, then continues down the corridor, not even glancing back. Looks like a chocolate bar. You're gonna have to tell me if that's fast or slow `cause I got no idea... Shannon smiles to himself. My hands are a little dirty. Don't worry. So are mine... DRIVER You might wanna take a look at the suspension before we go again. (Turning back to Bernie) Nice to meet you... Bernie's still studying him. You too... Their eyes stay on each other, then Driver follows the stock car owner and his mechanics back to the car. Bernie Rose stares after him quietly, thinking to himself. Shannon can feel he's getting interested. I'll give you three for seventy percent... DRIVER Where do you want me to put them? I'm okay. Sure... She pours him a glass of water and hands it to him. No, I been here a while. Here and there... What's he do? I'm sorry. I drive. IRENE Like a limo driver? No, for the movies... It's just part-time. Most days I work in a garage. Reseda Boulevard. He interested in that kind of stuff? I should get going... He catches the disappointment in her eyes, but she covers it with another good humored smile. IRENE Well, thank you for your help. Thank you for the drink... She takes his empty glass and walks him to the door. You're Shannon's buddy, right? We met last year. You drove me and my brother back from Palm Springs... BEARDED REDNECK Next run we hired another wheelman - I spent six months in jail, my brother got himself killed... (He grins through yellowing teeth) He wasn't much, mind you, just family... Driver doesn't seem to hear him. Thing is - I'm not interested... Driver looks up quietly, fixing him with his icy gaze. The Redneck's smile slowly fades. He considers his response for a moment, then decides against it, standing up. Well, it's good to see you again... Driver carries on eating as if the man didn't exist. Hi... A mischievous smile lights up Shannon's face as he watches them. (Without looking round) You think? Benicio watches him sullenly, more intrigued than he lets on. Drive it. Okay. Get in the car... Benicio considers a moment, then turns and calls out to Irene. Mama, can I go in the car?! Irene looks over in surprise, not sure what to say. Your mom said you like movies? Sometimes. Ever see the Terminator? No. Grease? Benicio shakes his head. Wanna see where it was shot? IRENE How long has he been working for you? Don't worry... Their eyes stay on each other, the attraction palpable. Driver finally breaks the tension, making a tentative move towards the door. Irene opens it for him, looking up into his eyes. Driver knows he could kiss her, wants to, but something inside holds him back. Instead he just offers his help. You need a ride anywhere over the weekend I'm not doing much... Benicio sits in a dentist's chair, looking nervous. Irene sits beside him, mimicking his expression, trying to make him relax. I can't make Friday. I told Irene I'd drive her to Burbank. You're taking a long time to fix her car... What's happening now? He's telling him if he doesn't leave the earth alone he'll fight him. Irene calls out from her bedroom. Looks like he's in trouble. He's okay. Just as the fight begins the color on the TV screen flickers. DRIVER I'm gonna show you another trick... Benicio watches curiously as Driver gets off the couch and kneels beside the TV. This is pretty complicated. You watching? Benicio nods. Driver suddenly gives the TV set a hard smack and the interference stops. Think you can remember that?... Benicio grins. Driver smiles back then looks away as he hears the phone ring. Irene walks out of her bedroom, dressed in her waitress's uniform, and answers it. Hello... Hi Cindy... Irene's friend heads past Driver and scolds Benicio affectionately. It's 8:30. Teeth. Pyjamas. TV off. It's not the TV. It's a DVD... Driver looks back at Irene now. She puts down the phone, forcing a smile but still looking distracted. IRENE I've never come this way before... It's a short cut... You okay?... Irene takes a long time to answer, still staring out of the window. That's great... ...Anyhow, now that I've completed my MBA in catering from Chino Business School... Irene, Benicio and I are finally going to get our lives back together... He raises his glass to her. I'd like to thank my wife for being the smartest, most beautiful, most patient and loyal woman I know... More applause. Irene stares back at Standard's handsome face, feeling even more uncomfortable. I'm sorry, I can't hear you... He heads into the bedroom to take the call. The voice on the other end is accented and unfriendly. Sure. IRENE Benicio wants you to put him to bed. Okay. He gives her a warm smile. My parole officer. He thinks he may have found me a job. Don't worry. I won't complain. I'm glad. Another awkward silence, so much she wants to say but can't. Suddenly she turns around as she hears her apartment door open. Standard stands there with Benicio, holding a bag of trash. He pauses, then smiles. I thought if we emptied the trash everyone would get the message and go home... He grins at his wife, then looks over at Driver, his smile hiding whatever he feels inside. You're the new neighbor, right? Benicio's told me all about you... Driver seems unsure how to respond. He's a great kid. I can't take any of the credit. He's got a great mother. Standard rests his hand gently on Benicio's head, still staring at Driver. He tells me you drive for the movies? Yeah. Must be pretty good? I get by. Not like a nine to five gig, huh?... IRENE You want me to take that? No, we got it. His eyes are still fixed on Driver. You want to come in, join us for a drink? I've got some things to do. At this hour of night? Well, if we're still going by the time you're back you know where we are. It's good to meet you... He slips his arm around his son now and continues down the corridor, brushing past Driver on his way to empty the trash. Driver looks at Irene, then heads off in the same direction as Standard and Benicio to take the elevator. The two men stand there in charged silence, one emptying the trash, the other waiting for the elevator, only Benicio oblivious to the tension. I paid for it. Out of my own pocket. Anyway, that's just the shell. You start with the shell, then you build the frame, then the motor. (Pointing to an engine nearby) I paid three hundred for that. The money goes on the inside not the outside. You buy it. Shannon sell him the car... At the far end of the garage Driver hears them laughing, too busy working on his car to pay any attention. Shannon opens the door of the Thunderbird and invites Nino to take a seat. So, when's our first race? Soon. You gonna be ready? There's something gently challenging in his gaze. I hope so... Cautious man. Like myself. Don't wanna make promises you can't keep... Driver smiles but doesn't respond. Bernie Rose finds him as hard to talk to as everyone else. Across the garage, Nino sits in the T-Bird with Shannon, still fucking with him. Bernie watches them. He ever tell you how we met? BERNIE ROSE I did some producing back in the 80's. Interesting pictures. Kind of European. Shannon arranged the cars for us and did all the stunts. I knew he was overcharging me but I loved having him around. His next business venture he tried the same thing with some of Nino's friends they broke his spine. He never had much luck... He's about to continue when they're interrupted by a familiar voice. You got a minute? I want to - We're talking... Bernie Rose barely raises his voice but it's full of quiet menace and authority. Standard pauses, stung, but instinctively senses this is someone you don't mess with. I'll wait outside... Bernie Rose watches him leave with a look of contempt, then turns back to Driver with a smile, resuming their conversation. The reason I'm telling you this is because he's got a lot invested in you. So do I... Their eyes stay on each other with just a hint of tension. Anything you need just let me know... Driver nods. Bernie Rose studies him a moment, then finally walks away. STANDARD Irene told me you'd fixed our car. How much do I owe you? Don't worry about it. I do worry. I like to pay my debts. Driver senses the quiet pride in his voice, and lets it go. Call it fifty. Standard counts out some bills from his tattered wallet, his eyes lowered. I was thinking of trading her in for a new car. Something fast and cheap. You can't have both. Alright then, fast. Even though he smiles Driver senses just a hint of tension on his handsome face. (Pointing to a car) Something like that Buick over there'll cost you nine grand but there isn't much point in a city where you can't drive faster than sixty five. Standard considers the car a moment, something clearly bothering him, then looks back at Driver. You must think I'm an asshole? Driver isn't sure what he's getting at. I wouldn't know. Well, I am. Six months inside for holding somebody else's stolen shit... He smiles ironically, his gaze still fixed on Driver. STANDARD I appreciate what you did for my family when I was away but I don't plan to fuck up a second time... It's a thinly veiled message that he's back and here to stay. Driver stares back at him when Shannon emerges from the garage with Bernie Rose and Nino, calling out. Excuse me. See you around... Driver walks off, leaving Standard alone with his thoughts. Shannon watches Standard curiously as Driver approaches. Irene's husband. Can you for once say something without the word fuck in it? As they continue their banter, Driver glances at Standard. He's walking back to his car, dialling someone on his cell phone. IRENE Hi... Hi... Their eyes stay on each other, oblivious to the noise. You look pretty busy yourself... She smiles, glancing at the tables she's supposed to serve. I already ate. I just wanted to see how you were? His concern touches her and makes her uncomfortable at the same time. Can you move? Where's Benicio? He's right here... Driver glances at Benicio. He looks terrified. Standard raises his head painfully and looks at his son. STANDARD It's okay, Benicio. I'm okay... Driver watches the boy struggling to hold back his tears. Don't say anything to your mother, you understand? This is between you and me. Benicio nods, too choked-up to speak. Standard turns to Driver. Can I use your bathroom to clean up? I don't want Irene to come home and see me like this... Thanks. Sorry about getting all this blood everywhere... He's still shaken but tries to pass it off with a smile. Fucking punks took me by surprise... Driver watches him, unconvinced. Fucking punks didn't look like they needed to... Standard looks at him in surprise now. You saw them, huh?... Driver doesn't answer, waiting for him to continue. Standard hesitates, still not sure whether to trust him. You ever been inside? Why? STANDARD I owed some protection money in the joint. Driver begins to see how worried he is. How much? They want twenty thousand. I told them I couldn't pay so they want me to do a job for them... Is that why you need a car? Standard stares back at him. What did you say you were inside for? I didn't. A beat, then he finally opens up. It's a pawn shop in the valley. I tried to back out tonight, they said they'd come after Irene and Benicio next time... Driver stares at him in surprise now, more concerned than he shows. Why don't you take them away? Where would I go? Irene finds out I fucked up again I'll lose everything... He sounds upset, angry with himself. This lousy job's my only way out... Driver stares at his battered face and the blood stains on his t- shirt, then walks out of the bathroom to check on Benicio. You okay? The little boy nods without turning round, still frightened by his ordeal. You want something to drink? Benicio shakes his head, trying to hide his tears. Driver heads over, then stops as he notices something in Benicio's hand. The little boy is clutching it as if he's afraid to let go. What have you got there?... Benicio holds out his hand to reveal a small bullet. Driver stares at it, then looks at him. Who gave you that?... One of those men. He told me not to lose it... Driver gazes at the little boy's frightened face in concern now, his eyes faraway, thinking to himself. I've got you to do this fucking job for me, why do I need to pay someone else? Standard sits next to Driver, holding his ground even though he's clearly intimidated by the Albanian. I'll pay him out of what's left of my share. I can't do something like this on my own. COOK You got Blanche... He grins, looking at Driver now. Blanche doesn't even seem to hear them, hung-over from the previous night. You look like you're hard to work with? Not if we understand each other. What's to understand? It's my score. Either you sign on or you don't. Driver stares at him quietly, finding it hard to conceal his contempt. I drive. That's all I do. Blanche gets up from the table before Cook can respond. Where are you going? They'll bring it. Sit down. (His eyes still fixed on Driver) Standard, why don't you hire a fucking taxi cab? He didn't mean it like that, man... Standard looks worried, trying to diffuse the tension. So, what does he mean? Driver looks him calmly in the eye. You tell me where we start, where we're headed, where we'll be going afterwards. I don't take part, I don't carry weapons, I drive... Standard seems surprised by Driver's professional patter. So does Cook. Even Blanche looks interested for once. COOK Standard, get Blanche her coca cola. Standard hesitates, but has no choice. As he leaves to fetch Blanche her drink, Cook starts to write something down on the palm of his hand. Okay, here's the deal. This much for Blanche, this much for that asshole minus what he owes me, and this much for you... He holds up the palm of his hand to Driver, the words Fuck Off written in marker pen. You still interested? Driver looks at him, all his instincts telling him to walk away, but he stays where he is, thinking of Irene and Benicio. Good. Anything else?... Driver stares back at him with his clear blue eyes. We do this job he's paid his debt. You leave him and his family alone... Cook looks surprised at first, then laughs at his nerve. Whatever you say, boss... ...I was such a jerk the first time we met. We're at this party and I see the most beautiful girl I ever laid eyes on and I walk over and say, `Hello Miss, my name's Standard Guzman'. She takes one look at me and asks, `Where's the deluxe version?'... It took me like a minute to get it... STANDARD You don't get it either do you, Benicio? Hope you didn't inherit your Papa's brains. He ruffles his son's hair then pours himself another shot of tequila. Irene notices he's drinking, turning to Driver. Thanks... Their eyes stay on each as she serves him. Standard sees the look between them but his only reaction is to drain his glass and tuck into his food. Now this is what I call a deluxe chicken. Irene and I are gonna open a restaurant together once I raise the money. That's why she's working in that Mexican joint. Figure out how it's done. She's got more ambition than anyone I know, more smarts too... (He raises his glass) We're gonna drive all those fucking Mexicans out of business - Excuse my language, Benicio... Fine... Irene looks at Standard as he pours himself another drink. Come on, we're celebrating. I've got my family around me and our new friend... IRENE Are you working on anything else? Stop asking the poor guy all these All right, I will. This time next week I'm gonna take you and Benicio away with me... Irene stops and looks at him in surprise. Where you wanna go, Benicio?... His quiet confidence concerns her even more. Disneyland. Forget Disneyland. I'm gonna take you and your mother away from this bullshit city - Your papa's got it all figured out - It's okay. I'll take him... Standard gets up from the table, lifting Benicio up in his arms and carrying him back to his bedroom. Driver watches them. Even in this kind of mood Standard's clearly devoted to his son. Irene waits until they're gone, then turns back to Driver. You don't have to do this. (Forcing a smile) What are you talking about? He tries to make light of it but doesn't sound convincing. Out of his window he sees Blanche cross the street and enter the pawn shop and looks even more nervous now. Irene and Benicio think the world of you, you know that, right?... Driver glances at him, sensing his anxiety. Say something happens to me, you think you could find a way to take care of them?... Standard's still staring ahead, but Driver can sense his fear. DRIVER It's not too late... Standard considers a moment, then shakes his head. I gotta do this for them... He forces a smile, slips on his sunglasses, then finally opens the door. You got five minutes... I'll see you in four... Driver watches him cross the street with a strong sense of foreboding. Standard enters the pawn shop. Driver starts his stopwatch now, listening to the seconds tick away. He casts his eyes around the street, observing the smallest details -- the number plates of other vehicles; the windows of overlooking buildings. The white hot sun blazes down, reflecting on the pawn shop windows, hiding everything inside. The police scanner crackles but picks up no activity. Driver listens to his stop watch, in his own world. He starts the engine and sets off, cruising slowly past the pawn shop, heading for the corner where he told Standard he'd be waiting. He pulls over by the curb when suddenly he notices something. Parked a hundred yards down the road he sees another vehicle glinting in the sunlight. To the ordinary eye it's no different from the other cars parked nearby, but to Driver it stands out. For one, it's a Chrysler. Secondly, it has reinforced bumpers and racing tires. Driver's stopwatch shows four minutes now. He looks away from the Chrysler, gazing at the doors of the pawn shop, expecting Standard and Blanche to burst out at any moment. But there's no sign of them. The seconds tick away. Five minutes. Driver hesitates, all his instincts telling him to drive off, but he stays where he is, thinking of Irene. Suddenly he sees Standard and Blanche emerge from the pawn shop, Standard clutching a big black gym bag in his hand. BLANCHE ...Christ, there wasn't supposed to be this much money!... There are literally stacks of hundred dollar bills crammed inside the gym bag. Driver catches her reaction in the mirror, but his attention is focussed on the Chrysler. Up ahead, at an intersection, the lights turn red. Driver thinks about running them, but decides against it, braking sharply. The Chrysler draws up beside him, its windows glinting in the sunlight. How much did Cook tell you you could expect to net? Stay here. Don't answer the door... Blanche nods, too shaken to protest. Benicio?... Is your mom there?... INTERCUT Driver pauses, still on the phone to Benicio. Tell her I'll call later... ...The armed robber was pronounced dead at the scene. He was identified as Standard Guzman of Echo Park, Los Angeles... Driver listens to the report in silence. Blanche seems upset again, confronted with the reality of what's happened. ...Other details are unclear but the owner of the pawn shop told reporters that the robber had no accomplices and that the items he'd taken had been recovered. In other news... Driver switches off the TV, staring at the blank screen in surprise. He turns to Blanche. The guy saw you grab the money and jump in the car -- why didn't he say anything? Any idea there'd be another car waiting? BLANCHE I already told you everything - Driver suddenly slaps her -- hard. You just got a little kid's father killed. You think I won't hurt you? He raises his hand to slap her again and this time she talks, tears welling in her eyes. You were gonna rip us off and split the take? She nods guiltily. How long have you known him? You know his real name? You're going to take me to him right now, you understand? She nods, terrified, tears running down her face. Relax. Just having my fun with you... Doc picks up his bottle of scotch from among his bowls of Peroxide and Betadine, takes a drink, then offers it to Driver. Take a hit off that. Chances are you'll need it... Driver shakes his head, closing his eyes. Shannon watches him quietly, concerned for him but also curious about the money. It's safe. Shannon hesitates, but can't help himself. Two guys just tried to kill me for it. I want to find out who it belongs to first... Shannon nods, coming back down to earth. Maybe Chris. Probably not... You want some coffee? They've been going at it ever since they moved in. She's such a nice lady but it's a lousy Shidach. It's a wonder they haven't killed each other... So, what's your interest in the Seventh Heaven? Shannon doesn't understand, looking confused. It's a strip joint on La Cienega. Your friend Cook runs it. Why're you curious about him all of a sudden? Even though they're close, Shannon's wary of giving away too much information. Yeah, I know him. He's a crazy Albanian. If I were your friend I'd pay up. BERNIE ROSE You wake me up this early this friend must be a close friend? How's our car by the way? And our driver? That's what you should worry about... Shannon smiles back but Bernie senses how distracted he is. You want my advice? Let your friend work it out for himself. Don't take pills for other people's headaches... You got twenty minutes? I need you to run down to the market and get me some milk... Cook moved office again? That one over there... Driver smiles gratefully, then heads towards an office at the end of the corridor. He knocks on the door. A voice calls back. DRIVER Should've figured you for a shill. Who were you fronting for? Fuck you - Driver smashes the hammer into Cook's right hand now, breaking it too. Cook screams. Some of the strippers have gathered at the door but Driver couldn't care less. Whose money am I holding? Don't worry. They'll come get it. You don't know who you're fucking with - Driver smashes the hammer into the metal plates supporting Cook's left hand. He screams like a stuck pig. Who's money am I holding? (Barely able to get the words out) Fuck you... The strippers look stunned and riveted at the same time. Driver bends over Cook and rifles through his pockets. Finally he finds what he's looking for. Cook's cell phone. He scrolls down the call log and finds the same number appearing again and again. Hello?...I'm afraid we're closed. Could you call back after twelve... Driver leans against his car, talking on Cook's cell phone. I could, but your boss won't be happy when he finds out you've kept him waiting... Tan Suit looks curious now. Can I ask what this is about? I have something that belongs to him. And that would be? A million dollars... There's a pause on the other line now. DRIVER Seems that way... NINO And you're calling me why? You expect me to buy my fucking stuff back from you?... I'm not selling. I give you a time and place, you come collect your stuff... Just that. Out of it. You put a muzzle on Cook, forget your zombies at the Motel, forget we ever had this conversation... Nino's thinking to himself, looking more concerned than he sounds. I don't have partners... Just you... Nino begins to relax now, still calculating. This isn't what I do. I'll call again with instructions... Driver switches the cell phone off. You got a minute?... She looks at him in a daze. I know... His eyes stay on her, as if he's trying to tell her something more. She looks confused, staring back at him curiously when a small voice interrupts. Hey... DRIVER I'm sorry about your father... Benicio nods. Driver keeps staring at the boy but can't find any more words of comfort. Irene watches him, still stunned. He looks back at her. Can I give you a ride? She stares at him in dismay, close to tears. Then let me walk you down... She wants to say no but can't. He was into one of the prison gangs for a lot of money. He was trying to protect you. I still have the money. Whatever you need - She turns around and slaps him hard. He didn't talk me into anything. I've been doing this my whole life. It's what I do... She stares at him in deep disappointment. Sorry, I'm supposed to be going down... Which floor? Parking lot, please... Tan Suit presses the button and the doors slide shut. DRIVER I'm leaving. I want you to come with me... Irene can't believe what she's hearing. You and Benicio... She's almost too stunned to speak, walking even faster now. You will. Once I straighten out this thing I'm getting out for good. We'll go some place. Anywhere you want. She shakes her head, fighting her feelings for him. Why not?... She stops and looks at him. Nino's guys came after me. How did they know about Irene? Shannon takes a moment to reply, looking dazed. It's too late... Shannon says nothing now, knowing he's right. They're gonna come after you to find me. You have to leave... Shannon takes this in slowly. ...I already gave you my advice. You should have taken your money and left this guy alone. Nino and Cook sit opposite him, both of Cook's hands broken now. Not now that it's bounced up in your face. Mr. Paolozzi, I owe you this guy. Just give me the okay and I'll - You like taking orders, go shut the blinds. He looks at Cook's broken hands. Sun's in my eyes... Nino doesn't look at Cook, a clear indication he should do as he's told. Cook stands up, humiliated, and walks over to the windows. Bernie Rose waits for Nino to explain. You stole from the East Coast mob? Your city? This is a big city, pal, and last time I checked we were partners! - Then why the fuck didn't you come to me before you set up your dummy robbery or hired this fucking amateur?!... Cook sits back down at the table, having closed the blinds. Nino looks almost embarrassed for once. Well, now you fucked up I am involved. Anyone finds out you stole from the family they'll kill both of us - Those old men gave us the funds to move out here. The money always flows up, Izzy. You know that. He calls Nino by his childhood name now, emphasizing the fact that they're both outsiders in this organization. For the first time Nino's tough guy act slips and he looks anxious. What about this prick? He doesn't even bother to look at Cook. Mr. Paolozzi - Are you asking my permission? It's not about the money... He stares out quietly, torn. BERNIE ROSE All right... Nino nods in gratitude. Pass the salt... Cook hesitates, thinking Bernie's fucking with him for having two broken hands. He stares back dumbly and it's the final straw. Bernie suddenly grabs a stainless steel fork and rams it in his eye. As Cook screams, Bernie takes a knife and buries it in his neck. He twists the knife deeper for good measure, then with one powerful sweep of his arm clears Cook off the table. Cook's not dead yet, just writhing on the floor, choking on his own blood. Bernie Rose keeps his eyes fixed on Nino. Your turn to clean up after me... The CREW are setting up for their first shot of the day. In the background we see a DIRECTOR blocking out an action scene. Driver walks past without even a glance, heading towards the make-up trailer. He opens the door and walks in, looking around the trailer until he finds what he's looking for -- the SFX mask he saw previously on the film set. All these priceless cars, you should get better locks... Going somewhere? It's bad luck. Two thousand heists in this city a year, he had to pick the wrong one. Picked the wrong guy for that too. My partner's a belligerent asshole with his back against the wall... He stops, facing Shannon. Right now so am I. I don't take care of this I'm in big trouble... He stares at his old friend. Any idea where he is? He just walked out on you after everything you've done for him, took all the money? I ever tell you how long Izzy and I been friends? Since we were six. Only Jews in a neighborhood of wops. Long as I can remember he was getting me into trouble and I was getting him out of scrapes... He looks almost apologetic. BERNIE ROSE Anyone else I'd take your side... What's this fucking kid to you anyway? Shannon shrugs, no idea himself. I leave here without finding out where he is, there'll be others coming after me. I guarantee they'll be too stupid to figure out you won't talk and drag this out unnecessarily... You know, it's too bad, I was getting excited about our race team, having my name all over the car. I think we could have made something of this business... You won't feel a thing. Close your eyes and you'll fall asleep... Shannon stares out numbly, the life ebbing out of him. Bernie Rose watches him quietly, wiping his bloody razor with a handkerchief. Yeah? Bernie Rose, next apartment over - Yeah, I know. I'm kind of busy here. I heard... There's something threatening in the old mobster's eyes now. The husband moves to close the door but Bernie jams it open with his elbow, shoves him aside, then looks over at the wife. You all right, Shonda? The woman nods without meeting his eyes. Get the hell out of my - Bernie doesn't give him time to finish, clamping a powerful hand on his throat. What's your fucking name? I'm a patient man, Lenny, not much for getting in other people's way. What I figure is, we've all got our own lives, right? And the right to be left alone? So I sit next door for almost a year now listening to what goes down in here and I keep thinking, hey, they'll work it out. You gonna work it out, Lenny? 9/24/10 He jerks the husband's neck forward, making him nod. You're lucky to have her, lucky she's put up with you this long. Lucky I've put up with you. She has good reason: she loves you. I don't have any reason at all. So stop raising your voice or fucking move... He lets go of the terrified man and storms out again. We're closed... Driver stares past them at Nino in the kitchen, surrounded by more of his men. We feel his mind calculating then he walks out again. Yeah?... How many times I heard that before... Nino? Looks like me, you and your girlfriend are the only pieces left on the board... I'd say this has gone far enough. See any reason why it should go on?... Doesn't have to... BERNIE ROSE Then we should talk. You know a place called the Great Wall -- out on Sherman Way? Care for a glass?... Driver doesn't smile, gazing back at him across the table. Bernie Rose doesn't seem to care. I can recommend the duck. Hell, I can recommend everything -- Walnut prawns, shredded beef, Velvet chicken -- but the duck's to die for... He delivers the last line with a pointed smile, then turns away, calling over a WAITRESS. The duck, please. For two. No, thanks... He waits for the waitress to leave, then turns back to Driver. You've been on a roll. Cut yourself quite a swath out there. DRIVER I never asked for any of it. We usually don't. But it comes down on our heads regardless. Look at Shannon... Driver holds his gaze, the tension palpable, laughter and conversation drifting over from the other tables. Anyway it's water under the bridge now. Question is where does that leave us? That's up to you. You bring the cash? Driver nods. Bernie Rose studies him quietly. Tell me something, how does someone with no interest in money get mixed up in a heist? (Off his silence) Shannon told me it was because of the girl? Driver hesitates, betraying a hint of concern. Bernie sees it and smiles. Don't worry. Nobody else knows about her. Just me... You still see her?... She's not interested. She's got her head screwed on right. I got two ex-wives, three kids, four grandchildren. Not one of them speaks to me now... He smiles again, looking into Driver's eyes with just a hint of sympathy. This is what I'll do for you. You give me the money, nobody knows she exists. But it's a different matter with you. Sounds like we have a problem... And just when we were getting to know each other... Their eyes are fixed on each other, deadly enemies but kindred spirits of a kind. ...We shake hands, say goodbye, it's the start of your new life. Sooner or later they'll come after you. No end to it. Someone gets tired, somebody else takes their place. It goes on and on. Whatever dreams you have, whatever plans, you might as well forget `em, because this is what it's gonna be like till the day you die... I just thought you should know... Driver stares back at him quietly. What do you suggest I do? First time I heard about you, Shannon told me you drove. Fast. That's a start... He keeps staring at Driver, then smiles. Either that or you choke on the duck... How much does something like this cost? Nine, ten thousand. If you can find one that still runs. BERNIE ROSE Maybe I'll take yours. Part of our deal. He grins, then holds out his hand for the gym bag. Guess we won't be seeing each other again.. Driver reaches out to give him the bag, when suddenly Bernie's hand snakes out of his pocket, twisting a switch-blade into Driver's gut. He pulls it out, ready to stab again, but this time Driver catches his wrist, slowly forcing the knife up to his throat. Their eyes are fixed on each other for a moment, with something like regret, then the blade pierces Bernie Rose's neck, sinking deeper and deeper. Driver holds the old man in his arms as he dies. They stay like that, locked in a fatal embrace, then Driver lowers Bernie Rose gently to the ground, out of sight. Blood seeping through his shirt, Driver picks up the gym bag and puts it back in the trunk, slamming the door shut. It's me... DRIVER You got a pen? I need you to write something down... Irene looks confused as she hears the quiet urgency in his voice, then reaches inside her handbag. Sunlight glitters on the roofs of the parked cars, dazzling Driver's eyes. ...JJT 108... It's the license number for my car. I've left it in a parking lot on the corner of Culver and Lincoln. Section M 10... Irene writes down the details, looking even more confused. It's yours. It's safe to keep it... All around him the Chevys, Dodges, and Fords glitter in the sunlight. Just out of breath... Finally he spots a beautiful white Camaro up ahead. How're you doing?... For the first time we see the Echo Park fountain sparkling in the background. I gotta go Irene... He pauses. Meeting you was the best thing that ever happened to me... Irene smiles sadly. 