I am neither Christian...nor atheist. I am not Jewish or Muslim. What I believe...my religion is called the constitution... Hang on...let me open these up.... Okay... I will defend till my dying breath your right to worship whatever god you believe in... If I'm not religious enough for you, don't vote for me. You got it? If I'm not experienced enough don't vote for me. If I'm not... Okay got it, thanks. Thanks. We'll need these monitors turned up a bit...it's a big space and he wants to be able to hear. You got it. Also we'll need these podiums put on a riser as we agreed to in the pre-conditions. You're a few inches short and it makes it harder for the Governor to read his notes. No I know, we just got those specs last night and they're building a piece to go under... Great, thanks. See you guys in a few hours. I didn't know the Governor had trouble reading his notes. Why doesn't he wear... He doesn't but Pullman is 5'8" he'll look like a hobbit behind that podium. Would you call yourself a Christian? "I have no idea what happens when we die, maybe nothing...maybe it was like before we were born." You did write this Governor... Is that your idea of being specific? I just wanted you to say out loud if you believed in the teachings of the Bible. A double? A double. Fucking national security. Outta the park. Home run. I'm trying to remember if the democrats ever nominated an atheist before... Well, we know they've nominated jackasses before. Must've been you that did the prep work. Paul's not that clever. You always had the brains Duffy, but me - I always had the balls. (nodding to Stephen) Looks like you got some brains now too. Be careful. I just might have to steal him from you. What a prick. Ha-ha. What do you think Stevie? It's ours for the taking. Ben? We'll win. What do you think Ida? You tell me and I'll tell you. Eke? You see, she's trying to get under my skin. Us by nine. At least. Maybe more. Certain? No. Confident? Yes. And I think we will, but I won't tell you it's a sure thing. Fucking Saint Gabriel can blow his horn on election day and get his four horseman to rig the ballot boxes for Pullman and it wouldn't surprise me. Don't get me wrong. Six presidentials I've done and I've never felt this good. But am I gonna sit here and say "Yes -we will definitely win Ohio"? Not a chance. In the last thirty years seventy-three Democrats have run for president. How many have won? Three.PAUL That means seventy guys ran who thought they had a chance, and they all lost. Don't twist my words. What I'm saying is that I'm not going to promise we'll win. But he's decorated by Bush Senior from the first Gulf war and protested the second. He left his state with a balanced budget and the fourth highest education rate. The Republicans have nobody out there that can touch this guy...so for this moment, this election, this primary is the presidential. And that Ida, is the state of the union. And on that note, I'm gonna take a shit. Yes Ida? Here it comes...hit me. Yes? Mmhmm. Three guesses. Correct. No need, we'll split Texas, it's a wash. That's your guess? I will neither confirm nor deny that statement. That I cannot do. You love me. You only love him because he gives you all the scoops. You're engaged. Ida I'm not naive about this stuff. I've worked on more campaigns than most people do by the time they're forty...I'm telling you this is the one. I have drunk it it's delicious. I don't care whether he leads in the polls...I don't care whether he has all the tools...Because the truth is, he's the only one that's going to make a difference in peoples lives...Even the people that hate him. If Mike Morris is President it says more about us than it does about him. I don't give a fuck if he can win. He has to win. This is off off off the record. Franklin Thompson. Off the record. The only people who know are the Governor, Stephen and me. I have a meeting tomorrow at Thompson's house. After I'm done talking with him, what do you think? It's more than huge. He has 356 pledged delegates...they all travel with him. That puts us over the top. That's what they all say until we get them alone in a room. Yup. It's just about in the bag. Nope. That's all you get for now. Okay so listen up...these are your new cell phones...Shelly has pre- programmed everyone's numbers in...thank you Shelly...no personal calls...if you lose them, Paul has authorized me to kill you. New phones... I'll get it in a bit... Fucking kill me...where did we get this? Before he announced at a town hall meeting in Pennsylvania... Thank God it wasn't overseas. Just get rid of it - It plays to his base, if- Are you fucking stoned...this is the same...the exact same piece the Republicans are gonna run against him in the general...we don't need to brag about it...Hi I'm Neville Chamberlain and I want to be your commander in chief. If it's gonna come out- It's gonna come out but not paid for by us pal. (To Staffer) Any truth on whether Pullman had investments in those diamond mines in Liberia? We're still checking...it was a blog so who the fuck knows... Doesn't matter I want to hear him denying it. If it's true, find out, if it's not, let them spend the next day telling the post that he doesn't own a diamond mine in Liberia...win win. Okay. We need to counter this Christian shit we're taking from last night...so get going...Where's our cut on the new thirty and a sixty second spots? We'll show it to him this afternoon in the staff meeting. Got it. Oh, right. Thanks. I've been waiting for this. Just some white paper I gotta pass out tonight. Negative shit. Our oppo guys do research - we feed it to the press, hope they bite. Read tomorrow's paper and you'll see. All of them. I wish it were something bigger actually. Just some transportation numbers. I'll have to spin this shit pretty heavy if we want it to stick. I guess. (Holds his up) Just now. You a Bearcat...? A Cincinnati Bearcat? Oh that's right...but you changed something. (Searching for a way out.) You changed your hair. I must look like a total dumb ass right now. Come on it's not like that. You're right, I am big man on campus. I heard that. Maybe I will...when's a good night? Really? Tuesday? Quiet's good. I do? Oh...right...(He opens the phone) (Looking at the phone) Yup...Mary. That's what I'm hearing...since Super Tuesday I'm a very popular guy. What are your polls telling you? That Pullman's negatives are high...mid forties. Senator we have an open seat in the White House and the Republicans don't have dick. They're disorganized and they can't find a nominee that isn't a world class fuck up. They look like Democrats. No Republican is gonna show up to vote for their guy. But if Pullman gets the Democratic nod they'll show up to vote against him. And so you think they won't for your guy...you think Morris gets into the independents? I sure do. Senator...I'm a bit confused...we need your delegates...we need you...your fund raising. It was my understanding that...your endorsement a week before Ohio...would win this for us... (Looks to his aide) Estella...hand me that ice bucket. Paul knows...Paul agrees... Got it right here. (He opens his laptop.) Print it out. I'll get it printed. Molly, I'm printing out this op ed...can you grab it off the printer? Governor...if you want to change...or lets call it refresh... National service isn't polling like the rest of your domestic policy. Good cop, good cop. All of that is exactly right...Governor if you're going to do it...then do it. Don't make it voluntary...mandatory. Mandatory!...everyone who graduates high school or turns eighteen, gives two years to his or her country. Military...peace corps...plant fucking trees, I don't care...and for that...their college education is paid for...period. No sir you don't...do it all...all the way. Mandatory. And here's the beauty of it...everyone who is older than eighteen and past the age of eligibility, would be for it...create national pride...give all the kids an education. Can't vote. Too young. You can't lose. Remember, Governor... you have a six o'clock with Charlie Rose... It's long form... he's flying in... No, he won't be back... Ben and I are taking you... ...Don't tell me anyone's died... Hey Stephen... Who is this? Tom Duffy...sorry about the dad bit...but I didn't think you'd want my name yelled out at a Morris campaign office. What do you want? You got a couple of minutes...I'd like to sit down with you. What for? I think it's important. If it's important shouldn't you be calling Paul? I'm calling you...This is all on the up and up...just give me five minutes. I can't be talking to you... I hear you...but if you get five minutes...I'll be at the Heads First Sports Bar for the next couple of hours. I can't Tom. There won't be anybody there...if you get a chance there's something I want to show you. Paul, listen, call me as soon as you can...it's important. You're working for the wrong man. You're working for the wrong man. Oh on the contrary you are working for the wrong man. You've got something the other guys don't have. Yeah? Yeah, what is it exactly? Charm isn't the right word. It's more than that. You exude something. You draw people in. All the reporters love you. Even the ones that hate you love you. You play them all like they're pieces on a chess board. And you make it look effortless. We both know how much work it takes, constantly being on guard, weighing every word so carefully, every move. But from the outside, you make it look easy.DUFFY People are scared of you because they don't understand how you do it, and they love you for it. There's nothing more valuable in this business - the ability to win people's respect by making them mistake their fear for love. You can guess what I'm gonna say next. No...I don't think I can. I want you to work for us. You gotta be kidding me. Not in the least. You are going to lose Ohio. I am not. You're sitting on about a six percent lead in both polls...six percent of the Democrats polled. Eight. Six...but that doesn't matter...Independents and Republicans can vote for the Democratic candidate. You think they like your guy?...pro choice...tax and spend liberal? Fuck no they hate him...they think they can beat my guy...but they're worried about yours...so starting tomorrow morning you're gonna see a fucking blitz...Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, all the right wing blogs are gonna start a "Get out the vote campaign"...it's already started...every fucking conservative in Ohio is gonna stand in line and punch my guys ticket...that's just one of the steps...Ohio is gone...the polls don't mean shit...tomorrow morning everyone will know...that's why I want you to handle the fallout we'll take in the press... And by the way...we've got Thompson in the bag. I know for a fact that Thompson is going with us. We promised him Secretary of State, Ohio is over...it's been over for weeks...and with Thompson's delegates...I'm thinking down the road now...that's why I want you...I'll bring you in straight at the top. I can't do it. I'm not asking for an answer right this moment. I've played dirty but I don't have to play dirty anymore...you know why? Cause I got Morris! None of this is about the democratic process Steve, It's about getting your guy into office. Simple as that. This is the sort of shit the Republicans pull. You're right, this is exactly what the Republicans do, and it's about time we learned from them. They're meaner, tougher and more disciplined than we are. I've been in this business for twenty five years and I've seen way too many Democrats bite the dust because they wouldn't get down in the mud with the fucking elephants. Paul's a friend. Do you want to work for a friend or do you want to work for the President? Think about it...you have my number. Paul. Not that I know of. What's going on with Thompson? It's nothing...never mind. Yeah okay...I'll look for quaaludes. Just get online and see if there's any chatter on the blogs... What kind of chatter? There's always chatter. I don't know... just see what they're talking about. Give me a second... I'm married to the campaign, Governor. (looking at his computer) Wall Street Journal poll has our numbers holding steady and Pullman dropped a point. Really? When did they do that? Governor... Wall Street Journal numbers are in... and Pullman's down a point. I'm married to the campaign, Governor. Make sure Charlie Rose has these latest numbers before he goes on... I'm on it. And get a copy of the show before we leave... So you would appoint a judge to... But you're against the death penalty? Suppose Governor it was your wife... It gets more complicated when it's personal. So you, you Governor would impose the death penalty. Then why not let society do that? And what about guns? This is public TV, we don't have commercials... Where'd you go after Iowa? I had to go to New York. Yeah. So why politics? It just seems like an odd fit. He's a good guy. He's not my boss. He's the head of the DNC. I work for Paul, Paul works for Morris and if Morris wins, he's going to be your dad's boss. Don't tell your dad a lot of things. What time do you start tomorrow? I do see... How old do you think I am? You think I'm thirty? Thirty...how old are you? Twenty one? That's young. See laws are different in different states. Here in your hotel, in Kentucky...it's frowned upon...but we'll go across the bridge into Ohio... Yeah surprisingly they're very lax about their child endangerment laws... I took a cab. (On the phone) What time does Paul land?... Christ...who do we talk to about polling?...no...I just...I just need to get some internal polling on the fucking Independents and the right-wing nuts. Listen, put me on the line with...what's the guy's name at the Wall Street Journal?... yeah... Wait. Right...Adler...get me on the line with him. Molly listen, just give me a second...I want to talk to you about something. What? No nobody...just the cleaning lady...listen Ben...keep trying till you get him. We're gonna go with the position that we've always said, the race is closer than the polling...right...no don't...don't say that...just get him on the line and call me...I'll handle it...yup. Sorry about that. What? You're not mad about that are you? Earlier I spoke with Jack Stearns, head of the DNC, and he had this to say... I know you're looking for a reaction, but listen we have two great candidates in a very tight race...and at the end of the day the voters will decide who best can represent this party in the fall. I understand Jack - but doesn't this kind of disruption take away from what you want to be pushing this year? Your dad is an asshole. Do that. Yeah, I just wanted...I just wanted to be clear about everything...so there's no confusion... Well yeah, I'd appreciate it if we kept this...I mean, you know how people are. It's not like I got drunk and this happened...I mean...I wanted to...I really like you...you're smart...but I just...I don't want there to be any expectations... I just don't want you to think I'm some kind of player. No I'm not. I was being polite. No I wasn't. I was? I thought I was being all smooth and subtle. You were pretty forward ...inviting me to the bar. Wow. No, not at all...I mean I kind of respect it in a weird sort of way. You have absolutely no idea how to tie a tie do you... You're very mature. When are you coming back? I'll be at the event...a little late...these cock suckers...fucking dirty shit. What happened with Thompson? Nothing, the prick...we had him all sewed up...MOTHER FUCKER...how bad is it? I'm running some numbers now...I don't know... Alright, I'll be there in three hours...I want hard numbers...and a strategy. Yeah I'm on it...I gotta go. Yup...(Nope) Just trying to figure out our stops on the ground. We'll be fine...we have to do it...and it's the right thing. Nothing bad happens when it's the right thing. Well there are exceptions to every rule... Fine now. Great... I think we're solid. Governor there's a big difference between Paul and me. Paul only believes in winning so he'll do or say anything to win. I'll do or say anything if I believe in it...but I have to believe in the cause. Well I won't be out of this line of work as long as you're in it. Pimping out ex presidents... Yeah. I didn't think it was true. Whoa... But I should have told you this yesterday...sorry... -Slow down. I met with Tom Duffy yesterday. What? You were on a plane and he called me and he asked if we could meet...And I said why...he said it was very important so I did...but I should've fucking told you... Stop Stop let me get this straight. You met with Tom Duffy? Yes. What'd he want Stephen? -the gist of it is he wants to hire me. He wants me to jump ship and come work for him...this is bad Paul. He showed me poll numbers with Pullman ahead by four. We're in really deep fucking trouble he laid out their whole plan. Robo- calls, traffic jams, fake lit, and fucking Thompson. They promised him Secretary of State. If this is some sort of practical-I mean -my fucking blood pressure is going through the roof right now. Paul I'm sorry. Believe me...I just didn't think it was true. It doesn't fucking matter what you thought. It matters what you did. It matters what you didn't do. If all this shit is true I made a fucking ass of myself at Thompson's place. And I gave away our game plan. Please believe me that I honestly believed you were gonna come back and you were gonna tell me that we have Thompson in the bag and I didn't see the point. But it doesn't make it right and I'm sorry. Let me think...let me think... We get the Governor right after he finishes singing Kum Bay Ya and give him everything we know. Who do you want... You, me and the Governor, that's it! What's he got after? A fund-raiser in Cleveland tonight. He'll be late...we're gonna tell him that if he doesn't offer Thompson a cabinet position...he's not gonna get the nomination. Will he go for it? I don't fucking know Stephen. Find us a room... We might pick up a couple of points...but we're...I don't know, we lose by three or four percent. Who the fuck knows Governor...but we can't take the chance... I think we fold up the campaign in Ohio...take a loss and blame it on the Republican's playing games...head to North Carolina. Not if you get Thompson's endorsement. Cabinet post. State... Governor, if you lose Ohio, and they get Thompson's delegates...Then they get North Carolina...then they get the lead. A lead you can't beat. But if we walk from Ohio, take Thompson, give him a cabinet post, then we take North Carolina. His state. Then Pennsylvania. Your state. And then it's simple math Mike. Take his endorsement and the race is over. (On the phone) Do we have any other senators that can go to bat for us? House members won't do. (Whispering to him) Or a Congressman from Ohio maybe. Right...but we need a Senator...one from Ohio would be nice. Fuck...Jess, I'll call you back... (To Molly) All of them? Goddamit! (On the computer) Here's what I have so far...Independents don't seem to be biting, but Republicans are...or say they are. They're not gonna tell a pollster that they're gonna vote Democratic...I don't even know how to read these polls. We don't need the fucking vans...we just don't want Pullman to have them... No, No that's not what I'm saying...we were the underdog before we got into this and we continue to be the underdog...well the numbers...we knew the numbers would get closer the closer we got to Tuesday...I'm not lowering expectations...have you ever heard me say that we had Ohio locked?... Then at least give me the courtesy of printing that in your column. Gay marriage? Not to fifty percent of Americans. That's who votes...that's who shows up at the polls. Keep an eye on the Governor. Let me know how it's going out there. I'm on it. From...a religious...a But one could argue a great difference between gender and race. The argument of course- The argument is that men and women, can in fact be separate but equal, races cannot. You have separate public bathrooms for men and women but it would be illegal to have separate bathrooms for two races. Yes now. What time is this on tonight? Nine o'clock. How'd he do? He did good. Do you think candor is your appeal? Is that what you're running on as much as your platform...? I just heard a lot of Christian Coalition cars start up. It's not you. Hello... Molly? Your phone rang. Who's calling at 2:30 in the morning? He asked for you by name. I thought it was mine. Who was it? One of the other interns drunk dialing you? Hold on... I'm gonna call him back. ...And I'm gonna tell him that I'm your dad... And I'm gonna tell him I'm coming over there with a shotgun... Why is the Governor calling you at 2:30 in the morning? Why is the Governor calling you at all? With the Governor? What's going on? There was a party with you...and Ben...and the Governor. Where was he? After the party? Jesus fucking Christ...Were you drunk? How many times? Does anybody know? Did anyone see you? How could you know? Then why is he calling you now? Why? For what? Ben... come here a minute What's up? What's our limit on petty cash? It's probably five hundred. Why? I need as much as we have. Everything okay?... anything I can help with? Yeah...don't put it on the books. That's all. What should I put it down as? Don't put it down as anything... Anything over a hundred I got to put it down as something... (raising his voice) Just do it! Molly... Here... I'll take that. That's all. No I can't tell you what happened in North Carolina. Okay what? Who told you that? Who? Where are you? Did Duffy tell you this? You're supposed to be my friend Ida. You'd stab me in the back like this? You'd ruin my reputation just so you- I've given you everything -every fucking scoop, your profile with Pau1.... Go fuck yourself. Will you keep your voice down. Do you have any idea what a story like this could do to me? I could get fired. You mother fucker. Excuse me? You leaked it. Leaked what? Don't bullshit me Tom. Bullshit you...I have no idea what you're talking about. I just spoke with Ida Horowicz. Yeah? She's threatening to release the story. What fucking story? That we met! That I fuckin met with you! How did she find out? Don't play dumb here Tom. You think I leaked it to her? Who else? I didn't leak it to her. Well I know I didn't, so that leaves you. What's she know? She knows whatever you told her. I swear to Jesus I didn't leak it to her Steve. I don't want this story out any more than you do. Well too late. What did she tell you? She knows where we met, she knows when we met... she knows you had buffalo fucking wings. She has a source? Yes she has a source. And you have no idea who it could be? Yeah, you. Well it wasn't me, and for the record I didn't have fucking buffalo wings. It's gotta be some one else. Did you tell anyone? No. Did you? No. Did you admit to meeting with me? No. Then we stonewall her and she's got nothing. She's gonna take the story to Drudge, or Roll Call...shit like that. You can't stop her? She's trying to blackmail me - wants info about Thompson. Then tell her what she wants to know. I can't do that. You can't let this story get out. I'm not gonna be blackmailed Tom. You don't have much of a choice here. If I tell her about Thompson I gotta tell her he's gonna endorse you guys. Then tell her. I can handle it from my side if I start getting calls. No fucking way. Paul told her we had Thompson in the bag. It'll make us look like fools. You're gonna look like fools anyway when he endorses us. I can't do it. You're on a sinking ship Steve. Tell her what she wants to know and jump. Come over to our side. We can control this thing. Steve? I Gotta go. I'm up here. Take this. It's almost 1800 bucks... you make the appointment now... today... from a pay phone... I'll take you to the clinic and pick you up... no one else... you understand? You take the rest of the money and you buy a ticket home... you can't be here anymore... we can't afford it... not with everything that's gonna happen in the next week. This situation just can't be here. Right. I would hope not. You fucked up, Molly... But I have a responsibility to him... and more importantly I have a responsibility to this campaign. Molly you've go to wake the fuck up... this is the big leagues... it's mean...and when you make mistakes you lose your right to play. Make the appointment and tell me when and where we have to go. Listen to this. I got the placement in the Times...this is a match up of hope versus fear. Nine times out of ten the fear candidate tends to be the most experienced...but in our presidential races the least experienced candidate almost always wins. JFK versus Nixon...Carter versus Ford...Bush versus Gore...I like our chances with the new kid on the block, end quote. Thomas Fucking Duffy...he's gotta be having a stroke right now. So just call me when you can leave okay. I'll be back, this'll all be over... Absolutely -there's no question about it .... But we've got to think broader strokes here, rethink everything....uh-huh....Yeah, I know how to handle it....Look,Stevie just got here. Can I call you back in a few minutes? ..Okay, bye. (He hangs up) The Governor. We had a good long talk on the way back. He's up to speed with everything. How'd he take it? Better than I thought he would. Still won't take Thompson's endorsement. Paul-I gotta tell you something. What's up? Ida knows I met with Duffy. I don't know how she found out. Tried to blackmail me. Said she was gonna let the story out if I didn't tell her what happened at your meeting with Thompson. So it's gonna hit the papers. Probably. Yeah. Whoever she takes it to, they're gonna call me for a statement.STEPHEN I could just deny the whole thing, but if they call Duffy and he admits to it, that could look worse. If I say no comment they won't let up. I leaked it to Ida. At the event. I don't understand. We made a deal. Paul...they're gonna print that story in the paper tomorrow morning. I know. But why? Why would you do that to me? Why would you do that to the campaign. The campaign will survive. Then why would you do that to me? Makes it easier to let you go. What? Why'd you meet with Duffy? I made a mistake - a stupid mistake. No Stephen. You didn't make a mistake. You made a choice. You called me and left a message to call back...that it was important. But when I did...you said to forget about it. You chose not to tell me. Why did you make that choice? I didn't think it was important. Sure you did. But you went because you were curious, because you were flattered. Because it made you feel special to think Duffy wanted to speak to you instead of me. Because you thought to yourself: maybe I can get something out of this. Because it made you feel big. First campaign I ran tiny little race in Kentucky -state senate seat. Workin for redneck nobody named McGuthrie. Had no money, no staff, no fuckin office. Everyone thought we didn't stand a chance. There's no way we can compete. And about this time, a guy running a congressional campaign a few districts over gives me a call. Says, "I really like what you were able to do for poor ole' Sam. But let's face it, he's a goner, so why don't you come work for me?" What do I do? Well Stephen -this is where you and I are different. I told Sam about the call. And Sam says to me, "Paul, you think this other's guy's got a shot at winning, and he can pay you more than anything I can afford, so if it's what you feel you need to do, then I won't get in your way." So I say, "Sam -you took a chance and hired me when I was even more of nobody than you are, and I'd be damned if I'm gonna jump ship just because the shit hit the fan." We lost the race, but three years later, when Sam decided to run for Governor -who do you think he called? We won that race.PAUL And twenty years later I'm where I am now. (Beat) There's only one thing I value in this world Steve, and that's loyalty. Without it you're nothing and you have no one. And in politics it's the only currency that you can count on. That's why I'm letting you go. Not because you're not good enough. But I value trust over skill. And I don't trust you anymore. Well it really isn't whether you trust me, it's whether the Governor does. The Governor knows, he thinks it's the right thing to do. He does. If I were you? I'd get a good night sleep because you're gonna get fucking pounded by calls from the press in the morning... You picked a hell of day to call in sick...Jesus...fucking wild day... Stephen's off the campaign. Paul fired him. Some fucking set up about loyalty and it looks like Stephen was doubling down with Duffy on the Pullman campaign. I was sitting in the room when Paul told Stephen that he was fired. Stephen said who's gonna take over and Paul said me...and I'm like...easy there soldier...but Stephen goes ape shit then Paul gives the speech about loyalty and then shits on Stephen like I've before...christ...humiliating shit. Molly listen to me...I'm gonna run the campaign under Paul...Stephen is going to Duffy. I just jumped three years ahead...so starting tomorrow morning we go into full damage control and I'm telling you Stephen's going ape shit...he said he's taking everyone down on his way out...Morris, everybody! Shit I gotta take this. Do you need anything? Where's Duffy... You got an appointment? Joe can you excuse us for a minute. Not very bright, walking in here... I'm in. I'm coming to work for you. A reporter at Roll Call phoned me this afternoon. I know who leaked it. Who? Paul. You told Paul? Yeah. I told him we met. He leaked it. You shouldn't have told him that. I felt like I should. I've worked with Paul. He gets paranoid. Obviously. So he fired you. I quit. You're lying to me...come on... I quit! And I can give you everything on Morris. Everything.STEPHEN I can lay out his whole strategy for you. I already know his strategy. Paul gave it all to Thompson. What if I had something else? You'd do that to Morris? To Paul? Yeah. Revenge makes people unpredictable Steve. I can't have someone who's unpredictable. Who's unstable. I'm not unstable. If it had been a clean break -if you'd left Morris before this story broke, that'd be one thing. That we could control. But the way it'd look now -Paul fires you and then you come work for us. Looks like we're picking up the scraps. Puts Morris in the drivers seat. I can't have that. What if I had something big? Like what? Something big. Something that'll bring Morris down. What is it? (Shaking his head) Give me the job. It's not gonna happen. I'm sorry. Go take a nice long vacation. You're a smart guy Steve. Everything I said yesterday is true. But maybe politics isn't for you. Politics is my life. Do yourself a favor. Get out now while you still can. Go into entertainment, or business, or open a fucking restaurant in Costa Rica - anything. Do what will make you happy. You stay in this business long enough it makes you jaded and cynical. Like you? Yeah. Just like me. You knew I was gonna tell Paul. I didn't know. I thought you might, but I didn't know. You knew if I told him he'd fire me. Thing you gotta know about Paul- he's big on loyalty. Yeah I got a nice speech on that. You were never gonna hire me. Put yourself in my shoes Steve. Your opponent has the best media mind in the country working on his team. What do you try to do? You either try to hire him yourself, or work it so if you can't have him, the other team can't either. This was a win-win situation for me. You work for us -great. Paul doesn't have you. Then again, if Paul fires you and I don't take you -fine - Paul still doesn't have you. Either way I win. The moment I got you to sit down in that chair, I knew I'd won. This is my life you're talking about. It's not easy for me to do this sort of thing Steve. Don't think I take any pleasure in it. I'm sorry for you. I really am. Take care of yourself. No ma'am she's not breathing...No nothing... ...I don't know, fifteen minutes...how far away are they? Do you know her? She's gone. Hello...I'm sorry what? Yes I can hear them now... You have four new messages and four saved messages. First new message. I want on the ticket...you need me on the ticket...and you need my delegates...you could use em before Tuesday. Make a fine story on the Sunday morning news cycle...so I expect to hear from you by noon tomorrow...or I endorse Pullman and take my cabinet seat.IDA Is suicide ruled out? Did you know her well Governor? How long has she interned with you Governor? She'd only been on the road with us for a few weeks...maybe four I think, I can check. We will most certainly stay on schedule. This accident, and we have to assume for now it's an accident, is just simply a tragedy. The work, the schedule won't be altered. It just means that those of us that knew Molly will go about our jobs with a heavy heart. Does it seem that way? What's say I do the talking and you do the listening. As of tomorrow morning there's going to be some changes in your campaign. Paul is out. I will be your senior campaign manager. I'll draft a statement, "we're at a point in the campaign where some changes have to be made etc." You can put your own words in there, you do it better than most. Because you want to win. Because you broke the only rule in politics. You want to be President, you can start a war, you can lie, you can cheat, you can bankrupt the country, but you can't fuck the interns...they'll get you for that. A troubled young pregnant girl... ...Who needed cash for an abortion. Is that your best play? So how did I get here? You're right Mike, there's nothing. No phone messages, no text, no e- mails, no photos or tapes, and yet I'm standing right here. She left a note. I cleaned up your mess. I took her phone and I found her note. You tell me, you were the last one she called. Note says she was pregnant, said you were going to pay for her abortion...it also said she didn't want to hurt you. Because she's twenty. Paul's gone today. I set a meeting with you and Thompson where you promise him the ticket. You get three hundred and fifty-six pledged delegates, you get North Carolina, and then you take office and make right what so many have made wrong. All the things we both believe in. Four years, let's not get ahead of ourselves. Housekeeping, before you ended up on page one. I was fixing a situation...I got a call, someone from the hotel thought I could help and called me.STEPHEN I loaned her some money and gave her a ride. Okay, there's no note. You think I brought it here? That's how people get hurt. It's your call Governor. How much could a big shake up days before the Ohio primary hurt a campaign. I asked Paul Zara how his firing could actually help the candidate. The Governor and I both felt, that in light of some of these changing numbers, it was best to put a new face on the campaign...Stephen is very talented...very smart... You always hear people talking about events out of sequence...the order of things. There is no greater grief than a parent laying their child to rest...She was a little girl trying to make it in a very grown up world...a world were every mistake is magnified and she was smart and pretty and so so young. You should hire Jack for a speech writer. I'll keep that in mind. Are you here to talk to me? No. I'm friends with the family. I got her the internship...known her since she was born. I'm sorry. The Governor couldn't make the flight? He's meeting with Thompson. Look at you, all grown up with tits and all. I learned from the best. One day we'll grab a beer and you'll tell me what you had on the Governor that put me out. How do you know I didn't have something on you? You better get going, you've got a campaign to run and I've got offices to go look at. Farragut North? Nice consultant firm right off of K Street. A million a year and nobody to fuck you over. Sounds relaxing. Doesn't it. And the right man to lead this great nation of ours in these challenging times and the next President of the United States of America, Governor Mike Morris!...And I ask only one thing, that all of us stand shoulder to shoulder and arm in arm in a united Democratic party. No it's not decisive, we still have several contests and those states are going to want to have their say. It does look like we'll win Ohio... We still have a lot of contests Rachel, Ohio is- Of course we have the funds. We're getting new donations daily... Right...you're.... Are you a Bearcat? How so? You can't believe everything you read. No press beyond this point...she's press. I'll read about it in the funny papers. You're my best friend Ida. You should be able to hear them...do you hear them? Yeah I can hear them. Good, quick mic check can you count to ten for me? Coming to you in five...four...three...two... We now have Governor Morris's new senior campaign advisor, Stephen Myers, coming to us from Xavier University where Senator Thompson has just endorsed Governor Morris, essentially ending this primary race. (To Stephen) Stephen, can you give us some insight into how this whole thing unfolded? 