All of God's creatures must die. But not prematurely - and not on my doorstep I hope. You did your duty in excluding her. Let me do mine in admitting her. I don't know; I found her at the door. She's no vagrant; I'm sure of it. Ask her her name. Jane Eyre! Can we send for anyone? Who are your people? Jane Eyre adapted by Moira Buffini March 2008 6. Come out, rat. I know you are in here. Come out now and I won't punish you. I have been looking for you these last ten minutes. Say forgive me, Master Reed. Who gave you permission to read my book? Everything in this house is mine. You're lucky to live here with gentleman's children like us. Your father had nothing. You should go and beg. I shall tell mother - Mamma! Mamma! There's a rat! Rat! I'm sure we'll find she's simply had a misunderstanding with her people. I hope she's not done anything deplorable; there's nothing so sad as a fallen young woman. She's not at all handsome. Ill or well, she'll always be plain. So, Rat, you're being sent away. It's as I thought; you're not fit to associate with me. Who can we send for to help you? Do you mean to say that you are absolutely without home and without friends? How did you come to be roaming the moors, Miss Elliott? How are we to help you if we know nothing about you? Why did you leave your place of employment? What did you do? Why did you start? Why not? Join me to thyself with an inseparable band of love... For thou, even thou alone, dost satisfy him that loveth thee... You wish to be independent of my charity? My sisters have always taken pleasure in keeping injured birds but I'm more inclined to put you in a way of keeping yourself - and shall endeavour to do so, if that's what you wish. This school you were at, Miss Elliot, this charitable institution; what did it prepare you for? How fierce I am, Miss Elliott. I found you a situation some days ago but I've delayed telling you because the work is lowly and I fear you'll scorn it. As I am poor and obscure, the help I can offer is of the meanest sort. When I took over the parish two years ago it had no school. I opened one for boys; I now intend to open one for girls. The school mistress will have a two-roomed cottage paid for by local benefactors and she will receive fifteen pounds a year. You can see how humble, how ignoble it is. But you comprehend me? It's a village school - cottagers daughters. What will you do with all your fine accomplishments? What the deuce - Hellfire. Pilot, get down! GET DOWN I SAY! Get back. Mesrour. Mesrour. Damnation. Where do you come from? Whose house is that? Do you know Mr Rochester? You're not a servant there... The governess. (A slow smile) Deuce take me, I had forgotten. The governess. Have you got an umbrella I can use as a stick? Then try to get hold of his bridle and lead him to me. If you would be so kind... Perhaps it would be easier to bring me to the horse. Come here. Forgive me. I must beg of you to come here. Mesrour. Thank you. (He bows.) Now, make haste with your letter. (Without looking up) Let her sit. I have examined Adele and I find you've taken great pains with her. She's not bright, she has no talents - yet in a short time she's made much improvement. You've been resident here three months? And from whence do you hail; what's your tale of woe? All governesses have a tale of woe; what's yours? Where are your parents? Do you remember them? And why are you not with Mrs Reed of Gateshead now? Why? Lowood; that's a charity school, isn't it? How long did you survive there? No tale of woe... Don't trouble yourself to give her a character. I'll judge for myself. She began by felling my horse. I have her to thank for this sprain. Adele has brought me these; are they yours? Where did you get your copies? That head I now see on your shoulders? Who's this? Why did you bewitch my horse? Ah, there she is... Take it away you genuine daughter of Paris and amuse yourself with disembowelling it. Miss Eyre. Sit there. I'm not fond of children. Nor do I particularly enjoy simple-minded old ladies. But you might suit me - if you would. By distracting me from the mire of my thoughts. Precisely. And that is how she charmed my English gold out of my English breeches pocket. Your gaze is very direct, Miss Eyre? D'you think me handsome? What fault do you find with me? I have all my limbs and all my Now you stick a knife under my Just so; other qualities... When I was your age I was a felling enough fellow. I might have been insulted then. You're blushing Miss Eyre. And though you're not pretty any more than I am handsome, I must say it becomes you. And now I see you're fascinated by the flowers on the rug. I'd like to draw you out. Come, speak to me. The choice of subject is entirely yours. The fact is, Miss Eyre, I don't wish to treat you like an inferior. Well I probably have a right to be a little abrupt and exacting on the grounds of my superiority in age. There must be twenty years between us and a century's advance in experience. I've made indifferent use of both. And this is why I sit, galled by my own thoughts - and order you to divert me. Are you very hurt by my tone of command? Oh yes... paid subordinate; I'd forgotten the salary. Well on that mercenary ground, will you consent to speak with me as my equal - without thinking that the request arises from insolence? Humbug. Most free-born things would submit to anything for a salary. But I mentally shake hands with you for your answer. Not three in three thousand schoolgirl governesses would have answered me as you've just done. I envy you. Your openness, your clear conscience, your unpolluted mind. If I were eighteen I think we truly would be equals. Nature meant me to be a good man, one of the better kind and as you see, I am not so. I'm a trite commonplace sinner, hackneyed in all the dissipations that the rich and worthless try to put on life. When I was your age, fate dealt me a blow. I was - cursed with a burden to carry through life. I lacked the wisdom to remain cool and I turned desperate. Dread remorse, Miss Eyre. It is the poison of life. And since happiness is denied me, I've a right to get pleasure in its stead. And I will get it, cost what it may. Are you preaching to me? But, Miss Eyre, if the pleasure I was seeking was sweet and fresh; if it was an inspiration; if it wore the robes of an angel of light... what then? My heart has long been a charnel house. Perhaps it'll transform into a shrine. You're afraid of me because I talk like a sphynx. Yes you are. If you did it would be in such a grave, quiet manner that I would mistake it for sense. Do you never laugh, Miss Eyre? Only rarely, perhaps. But you're not naturally austere, any more than I'm naturally vicious. I can see in you the glance of a curious sort of bird through the close set bars of a cage: a vivid, restless, resolute captive. Were it but free, it would soar. Cloud high. On the contrary. I like your game. I like this cold, hard day. I like Thornfield. I've been arranging a point with my destiny, Miss Eyre. My destiny stood up there by that chimney, like one of the hags who appeared to Macbeth. 'You like Thornfield?' She said. 'Like it if you dare'. Well, I dare. It's felt like a plague house for years - But Thornfield is my home and I shall like it! Get back! Keep at a distance child, or go in! She's the daughter of an opera dancer, Celine Varens. Celine was a beauty and she professed to love me. Her ardour was so great that, ugly as I am, I believed myself her idol. So I installed in her in a hotel, gave her servants, gowns cashmeres, diamonds - in short, I was an idiot. You've never felt love, have you Miss Eyre? Your soul still sleeps. You're still floating gently in the stream of life, unaware of the rocks ahead waiting to dash you to pieces. Not by Celine. How can one ever truly love a woman one has paid for? It ended when I visited her unexpectedly one night and caught her with her handsome, charmless lover. I overheard her waxing lyrical on all my defects - she was mercenary, heartless, senseless. The whole intoxication fell away like a dream. I left her money to support the little French floweret over there, whom she swore blind was mine. I see no proof of my grim paternity in her features; I think Pilot is more like me than she. Some years later, I heard that Celine had abandoned the brat, disappeared to Italy and left it destitute. So I lifted it from the mud and slime of Paris and brought it here, to grow up clean in the wholesome soil of an English country garden. My one good work in a sea of countless sins. You listen, Miss Eyre, as if it was the most usual thing in the world for a man like me to tell stories of his opera-mistresses to an inexperienced girl like you. Adele? Forgive me; for keeping Miss Eyre from your game for so long. Who's there? What in the name of all the elves in Christendom have you done with me? Light the lamp at your peril. What the deuce can she do? Not at all. Stay here. You're shivering. I have to go to the third floor. Don't make a sound. Sit there. I shan't be long. Did you see anything when you opened your chamber door? But you heard a laugh? Have you heard that laugh before? Just so. Grace Poole - you have guessed it. Well, you're no talking fool; please say nothing about this. I will account for this state of affairs. Go back to your room and say nothing. Is that how you're going to leave me? Jane, fire is a horrible death. You have saved my life. Don't walk past me as if we were strangers. At least... shake hands. I have a pleasure in owing you my life. I knew you would do me good in some way. I saw it in your eyes when I first beheld you. Their expression did not - did not strike delight into my very inmost being so, for nothing. People talk of natural sympathies... You. So you will leave me? Go. Do you find the work too hard? Do you feel the solitude an oppression? Then perhaps your accommodations have disappointed you. They are in truth scanty enough - What you had left before I met you, I don't know. But I counsel you to resist firmly every temptation to look back. We can overcome every kind of human weakness. A year ago I was myself intensely miserable. I considered my life was so wretched that it must be changed - or I would die. After a season of darkness and struggling, light broke. I heard my call from God. Put your trust in him, Jane. Let him lead you to your future. A year ago, I was weak enough to fall in love. A slave in a fool's paradise? I'd rather my life had purpose - Nothing in the world. She gets good wages, I'd guess? She's a good hand, I daresay. No wonder the master relies on Good evening. May I? Yes. You're right; I'm not. She was left on my hands. She has a governess. Donna Bianca, I give you beauty. Hear hear. I say - So a Levantine pirate would do for you? Why did you leave the room? Why didn't you come and speak to me? I haven't seen you for weeks. It would have been normal and polite to wish me good evening. What have you been doing while I've been gone? You look pale. You're depressed; your eyes are shining with tears. What's the meaning of this? Who? Spanish Town... Not at all. Please tell him I'll see him directly. Oh Jane - Jane. This is a blow. Jane, if all those people came and spat at me, what would you do? And if they cast you out for adhering to me? You'd dare censure for my sake? Fairfax... Richard. How the devil are you? Where the devil is Rochester? I'm here, be composed. A servant has had a nightmare, that's all. She's an excitable, nervous person and has taken a fit with fright. Now I must see you back into your rooms because until the house is settled, she can't be properly looked after. Miss Ingram, ladies, please return to your nests like the doves that you are. You'll take cold for certain if you stay in this icy gallery any longer. Come this way. Make no noise. Be steady. I need you. Wait. Thank you, Mrs Poole. Here. Bring the candle. Am I dying? No. She bit me - while the knife was in - Bit me - It was folly to attempt the interview tonight and alone. I thought I might have done some good. It makes me impatient to hear you. She sucked the blood. Said she'd drain me - like a vampire - Think of her as dead, dead and buried. Say nothing! I am going for a doctor. I must leave you here with him. Sponge the blood away when it returns. Give him water if he wants it. Do not speak to him for any reason. And Richard - on pain of death - do not speak to her. I only wish I could have got here sooner. He'd not have bled so much. Jane, make sure the way is clear. I'll ride over tomorrow to see how you do. Goodbye, Richard. Fairfax - Let her treated as tenderly as may be - I do my best and have done it and will do it! Come, Jane. That house is a dungeon, don't you feel it? It is slime and cobwebs. Oh yes, don't trouble your head about her. Grace Poole is not the danger. You've noticed my tender feelings for Miss Ingram? Keep vigil with me again, the night before I marry. For now you've met my lovely one and you know her. She's a rare one, isn't she? A strapper, a real strapper; big and buxom... And if I ever bid you do what was wrong, you'd turn to me, quiet and pale and say 'I cannot do it.' And you'd be as immutable as a fixed star. That's for the look you had on your face. What to do? What good can you do her? Promise me you won't stay long. What of it? To get her out of my bride's way who might otherwise trample her? At your peril you advertise. Trust it to me. I'll find you a good situation in time. How much do I owe you? Here's fifty. Take your wages. Then I only have a ten. Just so. Come back for it quickly. Meantime, I shall safeguard it in here. Do you trust me to keep it, Jane? Just like one of your tricks to steal into your home along with the twilight. Where the deuce have you been this last month? A true Janian reply. If I dared I'd touch you, to see if you were real... Go home - stay your wandering feet at a friend's threshold. Come and look at this fellow, Jane. Look at his wings. He looks West Indian - I have never seen one like him, here. There; flown. Thornfield is a pleasant place in summer, isn't it? Yes, but it can't be helped. I soon hope to be a bridegroom. A situation, yes of course. It's the least I can do for a faithful paid subordinate such as yourself. You're to undertake the education of the five daughters of Mrs Dionysus O'Gall of Bitternut Lodge, Connaught. You'll like Ireland. They're such warm-hearted people, they say. From what? We've been good friends, Jane haven't we? But with the Irish sea between us you'd soon forget me. Then why must you be torn from me? I have no bride. Yes, I will. You must stay. As we are. Then let your will decide your destiny. I offer you my hand, my heart and a share of all this. I ask you to pass through life at my side. Jane, you are my equal and my likeness. It is you I intend to marry. Do you doubt me? You have no faith in me? You little sceptic. What love have I for Miss Ingram? What love has she for me? I caused a rumour to reach her that my fortune was lost and got instant coldness. I wanted to make you jealous, to move you to love me. It's you - you strange, unearthly thing. I love you as my own flesh. You - poor and obscure as you are - please accept me as your husband. I must have you for my own. I swear it. I do. It will atone. It will atone. Good night. Good night. Is this my pale elf? This sunny faced girl with the radiant eyes? Soon to be Jane Rochester. Let the fairy tale begin. This morning I wrote to my banker in London to send certain jewels. In a day or two I hope to pour them into you lap - I will put the diamond chain around your neck myself - I'll dress you in these satins - Well for cool native impudence and pure innate pride, you haven't your equal. And what's that? It's your time now, little tyrant but it'll soon be mine and when I have seized you, to have and to hold, I'll attach you to a chain, like this... What is it? Jane, this is the only explanation. It must have been half-dream, half- reality. A woman did enter your room last night and that woman was - must have been - Grace Poole - You know how strange she is. What did she do to me? To Mason? In a state between sleeping and waking - You noticed her entrance and her actions but you've ascribed to her an appearance different from her own. That was your nightmare - I see you'd ask why I keep such a woman in my house. When we've been married a year and a day, I promise I'll tell you. Are you satisfied Jane? Do you accept my solution? Dear God. It was only the veil... Come. I require and charge you both, as ye will answer at the dreadful day of judgement when the secrets of all hearts shall be revealed, that if either of you know any impediment why ye may not be lawfully joined together in matrimony, ye do now confess it. Edward Fairfax Rochester, do you The marriage cannot go on. I declare the existence of an impediment. Proceed. The ceremony is quite broken off. An insuperable impediment to this marriage exists. Proceed. Mr Rochester has a wife now living. Where is your proof? The record of the marriage will be found in the register of that church - a copy of it is now in my possession. Signed, Richard Mason. That does not prove that my wife is still living. She was living two months ago. How do you know? I have a witness to the fact. Produce him or go to hell. Good God - Sir, you are in a sacred place - What have you to say? She is at Thornfield Hall. I saw her there in April. I'm her brother. This girl knew nothing. She thought all was fair and legal. She never dreamt she was going to be entrapped into a feigned union with a defrauded wretch. Come, Jane, come all of you and meet Mrs Poole's charming patient. Come and meet my wife. Get back! Do not come near! Go, all of you - keep your congratulations - they come fifteen years too late! This clothed hyena is my wife. I was duped into marriage with this lunatic fifteen years ago. Let us go. We have seen enough. My own demon, Bertha. You, madam, are clearly not to blame. Your uncle will be glad to hear it. You wrote to your uncle, did you not? To inform him you were going to marry Mr Rochester? Mr Mason was staying with him when your letter came. Mr John Eyre has been the Madeira correspondent of the Mason trading house for some years. You can imagine his distress when Mason revealed the real state of matters. He would have come himself but I'm sad to tell you that his health is in mortal decline. He implored Mr Mason to prevent this false marriage and referred him to me for assistance. I only hope that he survives long enough to hear that you are safe. Five minutes more of that death- like hush and I'd have forced the lock. No tears. Your heart has been weeping blood. Forgive me. How could I? I am a worthless sinner. Don't spare me. Rain your tears up on me. I deserve a hail of fire. How are you now? I know you. You are thinking. Talking is no use; you are thinking how to act. Yes. There is no doubt that we both must change. I was wrong ever to keep you here; this narrow stone vault with its one real fiend. I'll shut it up. I'll pay Mrs Poole two hundred a year to care for its inmate and then no one will be harmed when she is prompted to burn people, to stab them, to bite the flesh from their bones - It's not because she's mad that I hate her. If you were mad do you think that I'd hate you? Then you know nothing about me, nothing about the way I love. Your mind is my treasure - and if it were broken it would be my treasure still. You are my sympathy, my better self, my angel. I will wrap my whole existence round you. Let us leave here tomorrow. Come with me - as my wife. I'll pledge you my fidelity - You'll live a happy, most innocent life - Don't you love me? Must be a part of me; that's what you mean. You are my wife, Jane. In truth - I was tricked, duped into wedlock with that demon-hate, that harlot, that succubus upstairs. My father wanted her money and so I was sent to Spanish Town and the match was made. I hardly spoke with her. I was dazzled, ignorant, raw. My senses were besotted and I married her - gross, grovelling mole-eyed blockhead that I was. I lived with her for four years. She dragged me through all the degrading agonies which attend those bound to the intemperate and unchaste. Her excesses developed germs of madness and the doctors shut her up. One night, unable to bear her screaming hate and knowing I could never be rid of her, I put a gun to my head to kill myself. I would have pulled the trigger, died in that tropical place but for a breeze which blew in from the sea and smelt of home. With it, I came to my senses. Bertha Antoinetta Mason had abused my long suffering, sullied my name, outraged my honour and blighted my youth. It was enough. At that moment, as I decided to live, she ceased to be my wife. Only my father and brother knew of the marriage and by then they were both dead. I let my connection with her be buried in oblivion and I brought her here. I have seen that she's cared for as her condition demands and that is all that God and humanity asks. Jane, it's not pity that I see in your face. It's not pity - It is love. I was wrong to deceive you. It was cowardly. I should have appealed to your spirit - as I do now - should have opened my life, described my hunger for a better existence - shown you my chains. I give you my life. I give you my pledge. Please, be my wife. You would be my equal. I would make it so. Not my mistress - I said wife, my wife - Do you really mean to leave me? Jane... Do you mean it now? And now? Oh Jane... What friends would you offend by living with me? Who would be injured? Who would care? Jane, it would not be wicked to love me... Will you listen to me? Will you hear reason? Because if you won't I'll try violence. I could bend you with my finger and thumb; a mere reed you feel in my hands. But your eye; resolute, free. What ever I do with this cage I cannot get at you. And it is you, soul, that I want. Why don't you come of your own free will here, to my heart? Oh come, Jane, come - You have never called me by my name. My name is Edward. Jane. How easily alarmed you are. Nonsense. An inhospitable question. I got tired of my mute books and empty rooms. Besides I've been told half a story and I'm most impatient to find out the end. Twenty years ago, a poor curate fell in love with a rich man's daughter and married her. She was disowned by her family and two years later the rash pair were both dead. They left a daughter which charity received into her lap - as cold as that snow drift I almost stuck fast in. Charity carried the friendless thing to the house of its rich maternal relations. It was reared by an aunt-in-law; I come to names now - Mrs Reed of Gateshead. I can guess your feelings but hear me to the end. Of Mr Rochester's character I know nothing but he professed to offer honourable marriage to this young girl and at the very altar she discovered that he had a wife yet alive. His subsequent conduct is a matter of pure conjecture but when the governess was enquired after it was discovered that she had fled Thornfield Hall and no trace of her has since been found. Now isn't that an odd tale? Who? I'm ignorant of all concerning him. Are you not going to enquire why he has gone to such lengths to find you? Merely to tell you that your uncle, Mr John Eyre of Madeira, is dead; that he has left you all his property and that you are now rich. You are rich; quite an heiress. Oh a trifle. Twenty thousand pounds - but what of that? If you'd committed a murder and I'd found you out, you could scarcely look more aghast. It's twenty. You look desperately miserable about it, I must say. You see, that is the strange thing. It makes me wonder what power or providence led you to our door. Your name is Jane Eyre. Then I'm you namesake. I was christened St John Eyre Rivers. My mother had two brothers, one was a clergyman, your father, the other was John Eyre of Madeira. Mr Briggs wrote to inform us that the clergyman's daughter was lost. I have been able to find her out; that is all. Yes. That is correct. We are cousins, yes. Here you are neglecting essential points to pursue trifles. You were utterly downhearted when I told you that you were rich and now, for a matter of no moment, you are deliriously happy. You must try to tranquillise your feelings. I've told you the news too quickly. You're confused. This is acting on first impulse. You don't know what it is to have Jane, I will be your brother. Good night. Good night. You are wasted here. You should look beyond Moor House, beyond the selfish calm and comfort of affluence. I go to India in six weeks. I can see what your gifts are and why they were given. Come with me. You're far too humble. Don't be afraid. You are diligent, faithful, docile, courageous, gentle and heroic. Cease to mistrust yourself. I trust you unreservedly. Let me give you time to think. But know this; in you, I recognise a fellow soul, a soul that would revel in the flame and excitement of sacrifice. Free? Why not? But you'll go with me. Jane, I don't need a curate; I need a wife. A part of me you must become or the whole bargain is void. How can I, a man not yet thirty take out to India a girl of nineteen, unless she is my wife? Don't offer God half a sacrifice. He must have all. And undoubtedly enough of love would follow to make the union right, even in your eyes. Yes, quite enough. I've uttered nothing that deserves scorn. No; and if you reject it, it's not me you deny but God. We are friends. I hope we can be more. Why this refusal? It makes no sense! I'd kill you? I am killing you? Your words are violent, unfeminine and untrue - What nonsense is this? Why? Jane... I wouldn't trample you. You'd walk at my side towards God's altar. He'd be your solace, heaven your reward. We seek to do the greatest work, to open death's gates, to save souls. Love God Jane, love God. What have you heard? What can you see? I can see the candles, Martha, at your side like a luminous glow. And the fire; a red haze. Martha? Martha, is that you? Who's there? If you are real, touch me. Jane Eyre - Jane Eyre. You're not lying dead in some ditch? Not an outcast among strangers? She insults me - This is real. This is practical. You're altogether a human being, Jane? I'm a sightless block - Am I hideous, Jane? 