And banks became attentive. But just in case you think nothing ever happened to me.... Just like that. I was kind of under the impression you cared a little more than just-- Look, I'm going to give 90 pages to Mark on Friday. If you could just wait, see what he says- And it's all shit to you now? Then you know I could use a friend. Well -- what'll work, then? Not with that enthusiastic invite-- Lindy. I really thought I had it in me to do something. --I wasn't getting around it, but it was fucking there. And now, I, ah... don't think it is. There. --Anything. At all. If, what? I never think about Melissa--! --Hey, well -- wait -- you didn't tell me what happened yesterday. You got it--?! You deserve it, Lindy. Eddie. Morgan. Shit! It's gotta be-- 9 years--? But who's counting. (taking him in) Hey, you!!! Jesus, Eddie, pack it on, why don't you? Sedentary job, you know... So you're still trying to write? As a matter of fact, I've got a book contract. How about you? Still dealing, Vernon? Do I look like I'm still dealing? No. Come on, let's get a drink. I wanna hear about this book. Nah, I should go-- You can't tell me you're a health nut, now. Not with that tire- Enticing invitation. Thanks. C'mon, c'mon, one beer. Or I won't give `em back. It's one o'clock in the afternoon, Vern. When's that ever stopped you? Fuck. So... how's Melissa? Ah-hah. That's why you agreed to the beer. I'm making conversation, Vern. Well, I don't know how Melissa is. How don't you know? You're her brother. I don't see her. She lives upstate now, she's got some kinda internet home sales kinda job... a couple of kids... A couple of kids... Who's the husband? What are you, jealous? It's just a question, Vern. Walked out on her, if you really want to know. But what do you care? You guys weren't even married six months, were you--? I mean, it was just a coke thing, right? Is that what she said--?! "A coke thing." But I wanna know about this book. How's it going? (considering the question) How's it going... Well... I'm behind. I'm behind on my book, and it's pretty well polluting my days and nights if you really want to know. How much have you written of it? Not one fucking word, Vern. Wow. Creative problem, huh? I think I have something that can help you. Oh, no-- no, no, no- You don't even know what it is. You're still dealing. No -- yeah --will you listen?! This isn't recreational. I've been doing some consulting for a You mean a lab in some little Yalie's basement? Give me a-- No, this is an exclusive product coming on-stream next year, they've had clinical trials, and it's FDA approved. Okay, what is it? What's in it? Just take it. Get you over the hump. I'm too old for this, Vernon. Look, they've identified these receptors in the brain that activate specific circuits, and-- you know how they say you can only access like 20 percent of your brain? Well, what this does-- Vernon. Look at me. Do I look good? I smoke too much: my chest is sore. A fucking corpse has more energy than I do, I've got weird aches, possible lumps, rashes, maybe they're a condition, or a network of conditions. One of these days they're all going to hold hands, light up, and I'll keel over dead. My life's in the crapper, and I DON'T think it's going to take a sudden upswing into the stratosphere if I do some brand new, shiny designer DRUG! Gant. (beat, getting agitated) When. --I know, but when? (looking at his watch) Tell him we can't do that. He knows that's out of the question. We absolutely can't do that. No, I'm not going to tell him! You tell him -- no, now! Fucking people. I'm afraid I'm going to have to leave you here, Eddie. But let's hang out again, have another beer. By the way, that's on the house. I don't want it, Vern. Don't be ungrateful, now. You know how much these things cost? Eight hundred bucks a pop. Tuesday. Just tell him- What's wrong? "I was blind but now I see." You don't like me, and I don't blame you -- you see a schlumpy energy- sucking defeated sack of shit sponging off your husband. You're hoping I'll blow my brains out. But my existence shouldn't make you this upset. What is it? Something wrong at school? People who aren't don't usually carry dry, academic constipated out of print books about Dorothea Lange. I just saw the book-- I've seen it before. If you're writing a paper, that's not the book I'd use. Cal Berkeley has her oral history. I'd start there. Her son is still alive. You could Google him. Sons of famous people always want to dish dirt about their parents. You'd get something no one else has, and you'd've gone the extra mile, a nice little apple for the professor. You're kidding. No. Words have appeared on paper. Yes. Written by you. Three pages. That's all you have to read. If you read them in the next hour, and you don't want to keep reading I'll give back the advance. Yeah? Vern! It's Eddie. Bad time, okay--? Vern -- last night 90 pages just wrote themselves! I totally chucked the novel I pitched them --I suddenly SAW, Vern, how this whole societal economic class struggle -- and its solution -- didn't have to be futuristic or fictional -- it was actually ACHIEVABLE here, in our lifetime -- and I could just lay it out, like, like a manifesto, or something, like Mein Kampf except not by a crazy racist fuck! (no response, realizing) Okay, I won't talk any more about this if you let me in. Well, that was fast. Don't ask. So, Eddie. I guess you're interested after all. Yeah. That stuff's amazing. It works better if you're already smart. You don't want to know. What's... um... what's it called? It doesn't have a street name yet, because it doesn't have a street profile. And that's the way we want it to stay. The boys in the kitchen are calling it MDT-48. "The boys in the kitchen...?" Vern, that doesn't sound FDA approved. "FDA-approved," that's a laugh. Did you really believe that shit? So you want some more of it? Yes. Definitely. We'll talk about it. But first maybe you can do me a little favor. Uh... sure. You can see, I'm in no shape to go out right now. Will you hop down to the dry cleaners and get my suit? And maybe pick me up a little breakfast...? Yes... I... I need to report a murder. Eddie. Morgan. --Edward J. I won't. At least you got your last meal. You never did like to cook... Let me see your hands. Heyheyhey! I'm the one that called you! ... No, ex-wife's brother. I just ran into him on the street and he invited me up to, you know... Buy some drugs? Wha-- No! Talk! What're you -- Okay, fine, what did this guy do? He was -- I don't know, I heard he was sort of an antiques dealer. A dealer? Yeah... of, uh... Viennese kind of... chairs... sort of curlicue leg kind of things-- Yeah. That is correct. An Edward Morgan. He's here. The victim's sister. Melissa? Right before. I'd just run into him on the street. Melissa --you don't think I had anything to do with- Not on this line, no. Melissa... maybe... (a deep breath)EDDIE Do you want to... meet somewhere, or...? Then... I'll see you at the funeral. Okay. Something doesn't jell here. ...enabled me to finish the book in four days. Learned to read music in a week... So you're saying that any author who's commandeered adjective status, "Orwellian, Dickensian--"? Which means a prosaic author's work rests on a foundation of acclaim- So you're saying praise and fame are unrelated to achievement, that the greatest hits CD cannot possibly contain good songs? That Shakespeare's catchiness belies mediocrity? Well, then I'd guess you'd rather not hear about what I, personally, think could launch a thousand ships? ...so, Mom, your 401 K is totally mis-invested -- these guys are have done ONLY the most Pliocine era fundamental analysis and paid no attention to eye candy psychology surrounding the stock -- (realizing they're lost) Okay, remember when I explained default flops? Did any of that stick? CDS's? CDO's CBO's? --Sure you get a short term spike, but wouldn't that rapid expansion devalue the stock completely in two years? No, no, there are safeguards-- Against aggressive over-expansion? There aren't, because there are no safeguards in human nature. We're wired to overreach -- you look at history, I mean, all the countries that ruled the world? Portugal? With its big, butch navy? All that's left is salt cod and cheap condos -- the Brits? Now they just sit on their dank little island, fussing over their suits. Nobody stops and thinks, hey, we're doing pretty well, we've got Poland and France, and a big Swiss bank account -- let's not invade Russia in the winter! Let's go home and pop a beer and live off the interest! (smiles, gets it) Yeah. It'll all happen again. Hey, I want in on it! You must have a portfolio, but if you don't, I'd be very interested in working with you. Thank you so much. I'd like to re-negotiate my advance. Well... sit down, we'll be discussing that. First, ah... I want to apologize, Eddie, if I in any way communicated a lack of faith in your abilities. What would you say to ten thousand more and another forty down the road? We think this could be an important title, maybe one in a series. I have to say, you came out of nowhere, but the good ones always This isn't going to work. What's not going to work? The money? Eddie, we take you very seriously as a writer. Yes, but I now see that writing, as a profession, is for marginalized whiners not fit for anything else. No, I mean it, look at the life. Incarceration, loneliness, burrowing down into your own psyche, increasingly insulated from any truth, because you're not in the currents of the world any more, you're rattling around inside the cage of your brain, self- cannibalizing... You don't think a best-selling author would disagree? Oh, if you're good, there's some remuneration, eventually, after paperbacks, but at best your career'll be oozing along like a snail, a few thousand more copies, whoop-dee-doo, you're "developing a readership," -- for what? So you can end up in Phoenix on a Saturday night reading from your own work at some holdout indie book store to a bored audience of ten? --Half of them there for the wine and cheese? Yes, but if your goal is to have a I don't think any goal will be really achievable, Mark, until I'm sitting on a large pile of cash. You've got your quantitive analysis - "quants..." Algorhythms to find minute price discrepancies... you're looking at numbers only. Price and volume patterns... Armed with Vern's last 800 dollars, I made 4000 in a day. It was too slow. Still too slow. I needed more capital... Why not? Because I don't see you before. And I don't fucking like you already. Why do I give you 100 thousand dollars? Because I quintupled my money four days in a row. You're lucky. It's not luck. Okay, you tricked their computer, you got some fix on the game. You think? So you're a crook. And that's a problem for you because--? You people all get caught. I won't. And what if I do? You think I keep detailed records of my investors? You'll have your money back long before they figure out what happened. Okay, you take this... you mine. You don't pay, you know what we do? We cut you around the waist, peel your skin, pull it up over your head and tie knot in it. And you don't die from that. You suffocate. But not for the big fat defense contract he bribed his way into. That's still on. Should be announced in a week. By the end of the second week I had 2.6 in the bank.... You have... 19 messages. ...you stupid shit, I be there Thursday for the money, ten o'clock! Apparently he does. Self-improvement month. Someone gave me a wake-up call. Why? It stuck, didn't it? Who says I didn't? So what -- it's not getting over? Is that it? Begging for what. Gosh. This is so unexpected. Nothing. No. With success comes enemies. No proverb. An inevitability. Hey. He'll be here in ten. Now look, since we have a minute, be warned: Van Loon's mercurial.KEVIN One minute your best friend, the next...you're a leper. And he needs direct answers... anything tentative and you've lost him forever. I think we should rehearse a few scenarios.. I'm eating, Kevin. You up for this? You sure? Because I've got a little bit on the line Have a toast point. So. Eddie Morgan. Medication. I'm on special medication. --Yes, that's partially what I'm Pattern recognition? So that's your snake-oil? Look, if there's one thing we all understand, it's understanding itself --that's how the business works... Pattern recognition. Please. Of course, not everyone can understand the patterns. Look, there's no time for human judgement anymore. You see a chance, you blink, and it's gone. We entered the age of decentralized, online decision- making, with the decisions being made by hundreds of millions of individual investors around the world, people who don't even know each other -- making a killing in less time than it takes to sneeze. Until they weren't. Same rules, even in a panic. It's not understanding how companies work. It's understanding how mass psychology works. And you have a formula. Well, from 12 thousand to two point eight million in ten days-- Yes. I do have a formula, Mr. Pierce. Delusions of grandeur. I don't have delusions of grandeur. I have an actual recipe for grandeur. ..and, oh, you know, she's on the wait list... Rosemary's pretty devastated... My daughter went there. I'll call the school for you. I don't know who you are, Eddie, or what your game is, but I'm sure of one thing: you don't work in this business. I'm up to my ass in investment guys, and you don't have their half-cocky, half-terrified line of bullshit. Which is not to say I like yours any better. But these companies aren't the question, are they? What do you mean? Well -- you're upmarket energy -- what do you want with these little solar/windmill/hippie outfits? --Unless you wanted to play both sides of the fence, control the whole energy enchilada. But these wouldn't get you there in emerging markets. You'd need... Whoa, whoa. This must be some big- ass merger you're contemplating. And there's really only one company with enough bling to justify a merger with Van Loon Associates... Have you been talking to somebody-? Carl, it's just rationalization. Is Hank Atwood going to go for it? You are either an amazing con artist or a very smart young man. Come on -- the two of you together? The world would have to come to you begging for energy like Oliver Twist with his little bowl of gruel. You realize that if the press got one whisper of -- I can't fucking believe I'm even discussing this-- It doesn't matter. It won't come off. The word "brazen" does not even begin to go there. You'd have to back off Libya. Why? He's come this far-- I don't think you'd want to hear about it from some shmuck who needs a ride home. You're a gusty little prick, Eddie. Ooh. Now you're curious. Yeah. I must admit. You've hit a couple pretty big buttons. Go on. Tell me what you think. It's getting late. All right. You get your shot. Come to my office, tomorrow at ten, and tell me just exactly how the schmuck who needs the ride would re- structure this deal. I'm at your disposal. You don't really live here...? The Spartans weren't big on amenities. Yeah. And they eventually got their asses kicked. Hello--? Eddie--? What are you talking about? I can't make the meeting, I'm, uh... I'm sick. Yeah, well, you can't have the fucking flu right now -- he'll never give you this chance again! I need to, ah, analyze this data- ... Don't you get it?! This is your test--! Well, I can't pass a fucking test right now! And how am I going to look if you don't? Okay, Kevin. Okay. What do you know about Hank Atwood? Uh... iconoclast... owns, um, a lot of Colorado... Uh-huh. So this is "prepared," Eddie? What is this, Atwood 101? Everyone knows about Atwood. Where was he two years ago? Nowhere. Two years ago Forbes didn't even have him on the radar. Yeah, his Great Leap Forward. The guy comes on, out of nowhere, so fucking strong he has me on the run. Beat me out of two properties, invests in bumfuck countries with no oil, places I wouldn't go near, sextuples his money. ...100 billion if he has a nickel... and I have to convince him, somehow, that I can raise his game. You can't tell me he's in this to improve the fucking planet. He owns a ball team. Excuse me. Melissa--? Melissa, I want to talk to you. Please. Meet me somewhere... Nonono -- at Charlie's, across the street. At two. Please. Melissa -- it's important, please come -- you have to tell me what you're talking about! Hello, may I speak to Paul Kaplan, please? I'm a journalist. From Electronics Today magazine. I'm... I'm so sorry. Goodbye. I, ah, may I speak to Jerry Brady? Jerry's in -- who's this? Uh-- Bill Johnson. Well Bill... Jerry's in the hospital... ...and he's really sick. Oh my God. What's wrong with him? We don't know. He just started getting these headaches a couple of weeks ago...? Then, uh, last Wednesday he collapsed at work... Hello...? Hello...? Melissa...? You... how are you doing? I guess I lost some weight... Since when do you read the Post? Melissa, what do you mean? No. Why? And...? A lot. Yeah. Finish your story. But when I run out-- Who invented MDT? You fucking forget about me? Huh? I... I... ahh... One o'clock? And you not here?! Eddie tries to catch his breath. I'm here now! I'll get you a check. A check? A check?! You out of your fucking mind?! What you think we are, some financial institution? Gennady, look- I cut your balls off! I wasn't thinking. Look, we just need to go to my bank- OOF! What you got there? It's aspirin. Don't look like no aspirin I ever see! What is it? Something good, eh? That's the whole thing, plus twenty. I feel good. What in that shit? Aspirin and vitamins. You fucking full of shit, Morgan. I know you lie about the movie script too. I'm sorry -- I'm sick. I wasn't going to make it home- IT WON'T HELP--! I need to get-- it's very simple: I need my pills. They're... for my headaches... It's... complicated. Not... the way you... No. That won't-- Hello? W-what? It was supposed to be legal. I have a supply... stashed... I just need... to get it... Not to my apartment. I moved it. I was smart. I was on MDT. Hi -- Have you got it? Are you sure? Don't get out. Call the cops. LINDY--!!! Yes. What's happening? Just be still, stop talking. What? Listen to me. Can he see you? Can he see you?! There is something. Listen to me. Reach into the bag and take one of the pills. Yes. You will know what do to, Lindy. Take one, and you'll know. You'll come on in thirty seconds. And yes, you will think your way out, that's what it does. Are you taking it--? Lindy. I love you. --Lindy? Are you there? We'll stay here for a couple of days. We'll be powered up, we'll be able to think our way out of this... I'm back. All right? I can take care of you now. A lot's going to happen for us. And everything that I will have... I will share with you. I will love you. Looking for me? You think you can run out on me? You think I don't know where you are? I was under the impression that our business was settled. Walk. So now you're going to rob me? I thought you were a businessman. I want some more of that shit. What shit. The pills. Well, so do I. You took the last one. So you get me more. I can't get more -- the dealer's dead. Oh. Well. Too bad for you. Because how you gonna go to those fancy meetings with your nose fed to my dog? Nothing. I. Can. Do. Make some calls. One hundred pills. A hundred can't happen. The dealer's dead, I have to call three people to even get a line on-- You know I don't really do this. So clean, like this. What I do to you, I do in stages. I might... be able to get ten. Ten. Fuck your ten. (holding his ground) Ten. And no guarantee there's more. Oh, I think guarantee. I won't deny you pissed me off, Eddie. I was sick. I shouldn't have gone to the meeting. I tried to cancel, but Kevin imploded on me-- I didn't know who or what I was talking to. A hundred and five, is what you were talking to, Carl. Delirium. Look, there can't be any instability. Not when you're playing at this level. I sent over my revised projections-- I didn't ask for your projections. I know, but I think if you look at I already have. I'm sorry. ...some things my team missed. So, oddly enough, I find myself... needing to fill a position. Is it possible to construct an... imperceptible compartment? Certainly, sir. How large? Quite large. I would never again stash my MDT, not in an apartment, not in Fort Knox. I don't want it known that I have any security. You won't precede me, you'll follow me, never less than ten steps behind... `inconspicuous' doesn't begin to describe you. You're not there. You're a CEO'S wife -- you're wallpaper. Well, it's nothing you can cook up on a stove top. Whoever made it, it's a real pro act. Can you make more? Can I combine these ingredients in the same exact quantities? Yes.TECHNICIAN But the exact method of delivery to the brain...? Darts at a dartboard. Meaning...? Clinical trials. Guinea pig people. That's too long. It's what it is. Or you'll kill people. You need twelve, eighteen Two million dollars if you do it in six. I thought we straightened this out, Detective. This isn't about Vernon Gant, Mr. Morgan. What is it about? A witness identified the Donatella Alvarez suspect as this person. You want to tell me about your whereabouts on the night of June You're lucky somebody wiped the room. Weak circumstantial at best. Just between us -- were you there? I don't remember. Busy life. ...well, a unified front between Van Loon and Atwood would be lethally effective, and not a moment too soon.. SyCorps, Andine and others are jockeying for the same industrial concessions in Mexico that both our companies are secretly sniffing out... How do you know this? Well, the governmental bribe structure is, in itself, corrupt, so of course information about its inner workings, like anything, can be bought. And there are other barbarians waving cash at the gates. I have a list here, in descending order of threat... Go on. Eddie...? What's your read. It flew. Of course, he's not going to tell you right now... Jesus. He seems frail. Might be an act. Yeah, doesn't track. He's not even When this is over? I don't know. You haven't given me the answer. You haven't asked the question. All right. If all this comes off... what's my take? You should have pre-negotiated. I trust you. You shouldn't. Well, given the scale of my contribution, it can't be anything lese than forty. Let's say forty- five. Done. Forty five thousand dollars. Forty million's plenty, Eddie. There's plenty more where this came from. ...But you're not going to continue working for me, are you? Don't lie. You're already bored. Onto the next...? And I'm not sure I want to know. Might singe my ego. ... three restaurants, health club, of course, a private screening room, wine cellar, walk-in humidor... unparalleled, three-tier security system... What is the asking price? Twelve point five. Next week...? I require twenty pills. Next week? You can fuck yourself. Not that you'll feel anything. I don't think your Forbes 400 new financial friends would appreciate the details of your little dilemma with the police? Thursday. You have them here. Well, you want to call it? There was all last night to tell us that. Not yet. Okay, the decision could have changed -- that makes sense -- but the discourtesy doesn't. It's still on. Oh, based on your graphs and projections? I saw his eyes: it's on. You know, remind me: who the fuck, exactly, are YOU?! --I'm sorry, Carl, I'm about at the end with this unqualified, posturing little- Pull it back, Pierce. Since when is this little pisher the fucking Delphi Oracle?! Mr. Van Loon, Mrs. Atwood is here. Pierce, you can stay. I realize that this is a useless platitude, but... if there's anything we can do... Obviously we want to be as helpful and respectful as possible. You think there's a proxy? Cagey fuck like him giving away power of attorney? Well. He'd better get better. I've been all over them... we can't allow any disparity in race or physical type between you and the rest of the lineup -- they're as close to your clones as I could possibly get away with -- it's going to be one big handsome blur to this guy- Why? Oh, that's me... I want everyone in the same shirt, better for the blur factor... Of course. Not the dimmest clue. He was dithering. Have you been talking to anyone? Not a word, Carl. Where have you been, Eddie--? This is the second time you've turned to Personal time, Carl. Phone off. You're not telling me there's been any movement. No. Atwood's in a coma. A coma? Eddie--? This came for you. What are you doing, Eddie--? Was there anywhere... I told you I want more. You don't listen. Maybe you think I'm joking... But I'm down to this last one. See, I dissolve pill in solution. You shoot it - goes straight into blood and to brain. Works much better. Now. Where do you keep yours? I'm plum out. They will find it. Or I will make you tell me. Which is quicker? We see, huh? This is a waste of my time, you know that? I am getting out of this part of the business... starting import-export company. Very exciting stuff. A lot on my plate. I need to learn to delegate... First, I will cut skin from you, flay you... you stay alive nice long time... then maybe we cut meat from you, steaks... or maybe softer parts... I get inspiration... I'm sure you're curious about what's happened to your boss. I certainly am. If my attorney was really working for Mr. Atwood, to save his life, then why is he dead? At what point was the Pony Express supposed to ride in with the life- saving medication? Or, did the Pony decide that he should be running his own Pony show? Minus the dog. ...actually, no, there's no more tickets. --Yeah, I know, an overbooked fundraiser -- there's a first -- well, here he comes, I'll ask him -- Edward!! I think we're looking at a second, overflow event-- there's a wave of donations coming in -- and I don't think they're even going to try a second debate -- don't go yet -- I have a lunch. John Steadman's in there. Who's that? --Eiben-Chemcorps? Look, they're your biggest contributor, give him his two shitty little minutes. Eiben-Chemcorps. What are they -- research? Pharmaceuticals. Mr. Morgan. Nice to see you. We appreciate everything you've done for us-- Well, you've done most of it for yourself. Senator Morgan. I mean, everything from here's a technicality, isn't it, Eddie? I think we both know where it's heading... If... you can maintain. Maintain? Eventually you'll run out. I just want you to know we're here to help you. What are you saying? We've gotten most of the bugs out. It's longer lasting - you'll only have to take one a week. Have you been watching me from the beginning? No. Those of you who indulged... distinguished yourselves very quickly. You made yourselves clear to us. Who's "us?" You went the furthest with it the fastest, so of course, to us, you're the most interesting. How did it get on the street? Security breach. That was never our intention. We took care of it. It will never again be on the street. It will never publicly exist. Obviously I don't need to detail the advantages for you. And what about for you? Why don't you take it? We don't have to. You'll take it for us. And in return...? I do what. Just keep on doing what you're doing. We won't bother you much at first. And later...? What will you be "bothering" me with? Well, given where you're heading, some of our ideas are... grandiose. But, I think, achievable. And if I don't like your ideas? Then we'll say Godspeed. And your candle will have shed a brief, but lovely, light. But let's not even go there. Right now you should feel relieved, your problems are over. We just want to keep you healthy... and brilliant. Luckily I can do that myself. Well, no, ah, that won't be the case. We shut your lab down this morning. My lab? Which one? All of them. You sure? We were right about you Eddie - you're gonna go all the way. Let's not do anything to jeopardize that. There's no downside here - we're offering you a limitless supply with fewer side effects. I think you'll be pleased with the arrangement. Come on, let's get some lunch. I'm starving... Tell me something. Did I kill that woman? Do you really want to know? It's not so bad, is it? Doesn't every man on the path to greatness have to tolerate the wind- drag of compromise? Overall, we'll all be better off... foreign policy, the courts, even the Constitution could stand a little tweaking... Eddie? After you. No, "Senator". You first. Please. All right then... Oh, now. Don't underestimate us. Don't underestimate your own creation. I mean, you invented it. What does it do? It puts me 50 steps ahead of you fucks.EDDIE You think I didn't spend my days on MDT devising a personal defense structure that would scare the shit out of the Israelis--? You think there's not people with a bead on you right now, right in this building? You think this conversation is private? You don't know the caliber of enemies you'll be making. You want to push that button? I'll show you my silos if you show me yours. You'll run out. You'll die. Or I'll think of something. Isn't that what MDT does? Makes you think of something? Might even tell me how to get off it. What if I just ask the drug... how to tell the drug... how to fuck itself? I mean, isn't it like the 8-ball? It always answers. 