... and this is one of Carracci's earlier works and one is able to see the emergence of his now famous Baroque style, which is clearly rooted in the tradition of high renaissance and antiquity... COLIN pauses briefly and hurries towards them. Throughout the scene there is a sense of his urgency and desire to go. The whole thing should be played at breakneck pace. KENNETH beams affectionately. Colin! Come in. Have you met James and Anna? Two very brilliant pupils. He has the avuncular air of a benign academic, affable and a little eccentric. COLIN smiles hurriedly at the students, no time to waste. I'm leaving for London now, Pa. Ah, yes. Well, bon chance, dear boy... He puts a friendly arm around COLIN's shoulder and starts to walk him back to the door. I can always get you a research position at the V&A when you've grown up a bit and got this film idea out of your system... COLIN's smiles but before he can reply JANE CLARK whirls into the room, a ball of energy, talking nineteen to the dozen. I'm off now, Mama. My job interview, remember..? But she is already continuing her journey. COLIN smiles hurriedly at KENNETH, who gives him an affectionate wave as COLIN dashes after his mother. She leaves the Library. I don't want to be late in the morning. As COLIN hurries after JANE he is nearly run down by an elderly GARDENER with a lawn mower, and has to take lightning evasive action. JANE doesn't notice. I wish he hadn't done that. I can manage on my own. She stops so abruptly he nearly slams into her. JANE looks around the garden with a frown. Larry told me to come. She pauses dubiously, then reaches for her telephone. We hear a man answer in an office down the hall, his voice carrying irritably. Yes? Oh, God... not another one of Vivien's pretty boys. VANESSA looks at COLIN with amusement. His smile falters as he feels himself coming down to earth with a bump. Well, what do you want? A job on your Marilyn Monroe film. Oh really, what as? I want to work on the production side. He smiles with as much charm as he can muster. PERCEVAL isn't impressed. There are no jobs yet. We don't start shooting for eight weeks. May I wait? What? Until there's a job. For eight weeks? Something might come up. PERCEVAL is distracted as the telephone rings. Terry? Larry wondered how the script was coming... There are no jobs. I'll come back tomorrow morning. Just in case. It's a free country. He sounds as though he rather regrets it. If I have to. I'd do anything to be in the film business. Laurence Olivier Productions... Is Sir Laurence there? He's at Notley until the end of the week. Can I take a message? I'll call back. No sooner has COLIN hung up than PERCEVAL appears. He stares at COLIN. Vanessa asked me to... Oh, did she? Why didn't you put that call through? There didn't seem any need to bother you. But if you want me to transfer every single one... PERCEVAL looks at him grudgingly. Use your judgement. He hesitates and looks back. I need a number for Noel Coward. It won't be in the book, so you'll have to track him down. COLIN realises this is a test. He thinks quickly. Hello, Mama. This is urgent. I need Noel Coward's London number. My life depends on it. I will. Mama, you're an angel. That was quick. I had a bit of luck. PERCEVAL looks at him shrewdly. Am I supposed to be impressed? Did Mummy and Daddy help? Don't think they can do the job for you. The only way you'll get on in this business is through bloody hard work. Yes, sir. COLIN leaves. Do you know, Hughie, it is simply impossible to get Marilyn Monroe on the telephone? The darling girl spends the entire day asleep. But great beauty has its way... Hello, boy... remind me? Of course. What are you doing here? You said there might be a job on your film. Have a cigarette. Keep the pack. There won't be any film unless Miss Monroe gets her splendid posterior out of bed. The House Committee are threatening to withhold Miller's passport. They say he's a communist. No Arthur, no Marilyn. I'll have a word with the American ambassador. I'm taking him to see Vivien in South Sea Bubble on Thursday... now, tell me, Hughie, are Terry's rewrites in? Let's try to find him something to do, Hughie. COLIN grins in triumph. VIVIEN smiles at him. Arthur Jacobs, Miss Monroe's publicist is flying in tomorrow. He wants to see the house she'll be staying in. Find something suitable. Larry says he particularly likes this dress. She looks radiant. Exactly - we need to tone her down a bit. How the hell do you tone down Marilyn Monroe?! COLIN laughs. He immediately regrets it. Both men turn to look at him. PERCEVAL turns off the projector and gazes at him stonily. Marilyn Monroe's publicist is flying in tomorrow. He wants to see the house she'll be staying in. Find something suitable. COLIN nods eagerly, anxious to get out. He is already at the door when PERCEVAL barks at him again. And leave the bloody tea. COLIN had forgotten the tray. He blushes furiously, puts it down and hurries out. We'd pay a hundred pounds per week for 18 weeks. That's a pity. I'll have to tell Miss Monroe to look elsewhere, then. COTES-PREEDY double takes. She's making a film with Sir Laurence Olivier. The Sleeping Prince. From the play by Terence Rattigan. It's Marilyn Monroe in the film. COTES-PREEDY smiles transparently. Good morning, Mr. Jacobs. I hope you had a pleasant flight. Where's the fucking car? Jeez, do you Brits actually read this stuff? He winds down his window and simply throws the whole lot out into the lane. The pages billow out in a great cloud behind the speeding car, landing in the pretty hedgerows and on neat front lawns. COLIN gapes in astonishment. Welcome to Hollywood. What is this place? A brothel? COTES-PREEDY's face falls. Jesus. And I thought you Brits had taste. Is this the best you can do? It's very near Pinewood. All right. We'll take it. (Pause) But ditch the wallpaper. It's given me a migraine. News travels fast. That house was perfect for Marilyn. We can't use it now. Yes we can. I knew Cotes-Preedy wouldn't be able to keep this quiet. They stare to him in surprise. He looks at them boldly. When you asked me to find a house for Miss Monroe I took the precaution of finding two. The other one, Parkside, is much better and the owner is very discreet. But now we have two expensive houses when we only wanted one. I thought someone else on the production might want it. Oh, did you? There is a dangerous moment when things could go either way. COLIN has gambled everything in a bid to impress them. I guess Milton could use it. It's near the studio, near Marilyn. OLIVIER looks at COLIN, then bursts out laughing. What are we paying you, boy? He glances at COLIN with amusement. Nothing... See to it, Hughie! PERCEVAL sighs grimly. Colin Clark. Sir Laurence Olivier Productions. The set decorators will have it all sorted out in no time. Marilyn hates red. And blue. (Pause) And green. What about white? I'd have to clear it with her. Beige, then. Beige is rarely controversial. JACOBS considers this, unaware that Olivier is teasing him. I guess that's okay. She's never said nothing about beige. Paula will need the room next door. Paula? Strasberg. Marilyn's acting coach. OLIVIER looks at him darkly. JACOBS shrugs. She's nuts about the Method. Stanislavski and the Method are perfectly fine in the rehearsal room but they don't belong on a film set. Time is too tight. I'm sure Marilyn understands. He turns and walks away. JACOBS frowns uncertainly. Who the hell is this Commie Stan Slavski? I don't know why Hugh Perceval sent you here. There's nothing I can do for you. Why not? Are you in the union? No... Then you can't have a job on the film. How do I get in the union? By getting a job on the film. But you just said I couldn't have a job on the film unless I was in the union. Exactly. It's called a closed shop. COLIN looks at him helplessly. ORTON relents a little. I suppose I might be able to sort something out. The Union owes me a few favours. We haven't got a third yet. A third? Third Assistant Director. (Pause) You do know what the job is? Assisting the director? Christ, no! That's the last thing you do. Lesson One. The third's job is to do whatever the fuck I tell him. ORTON walks to the door, then looks back. What are you waiting for? COLIN scrambles to follow him out. Colin! Lesson Two. You don't shit on your own doorstep. Got it? Got it. But he sneaks a look back at LUCY as he goes. Where are you staying? My father's place in the Albany. You can forget that. Lesson Three. The Third always stays nearby, not in some bloody palace in London. (Pause) Book a room at the Dog And Duck down the road. It's a bit rough but you'll get used to it. He grins, enjoying himself. Now make yourself useful. Marilyn needs a bodyguard. Sort something out. I'm sure you understand the sensitive nature of the job, Superintendant? No need for the title. I'm retired from the force. (Pause) Something about looking after a cinema actress? Not just any actress. Marilyn Monroe. He gets no reaction from the stolid ex-policeman. I've never had much time for the pictures. Excellent. (Pause) For the next four months you never leave her side, day or night. There will be crowds. That doesn't bother me. PERCEVAL pauses awkwardly. Her behaviour is reputedly a little... erratic. She drinks? Amongst other things. Pills? PERCEVAL leaves a tactful pause. It would be useful if you could keep us informed of her... domestic situation. You want me to spy on her? Perceval and Roger understand each other perfectly. Just the odd early warning if you know she's going to be late on set. That kind of thing. Smith takes this in his stride; he seems wholly immune to the glamour of the movies. You need to speak to the Coca-Cola people, Larry. They're crazy to be involved with Marilyn. PERCEVAL and COLIN meet them coming the other way. Good news. The House Committee have decided Miller isn't a communist after all. Of course he is. All those pain in the ass New York intellectuals are reds. OLIVIER rolls his eyes behind JACOBS back. COLIN grins. It means Marilyn will be flying in next week on schedule. She'll have to be met. Naturally, Vivien and I will be there to greet her. But let's keep it low key, shall we? Don't worry. I've got it all under control. It is a deep happiness to me to be translating Terence Rattigan's magnificent play to the screen... A voice suddenly rings out from the back of the previously attentive crowd. The plane's landed! As one, the entire crowd turns away from Olivier and rushes towards the plane. Suddenly abandoned, OLIVIER and VIVIEN look momentarily startled before VIVIEN glances at him with a half-smile. There she is! Marilyn! The REPORTERS surge forward. COLIN follows their collective gaze. She looks exactly as she should. The radiant smile, the platinum blonde hair, the sexy wiggle. The most famous film star in the world, so much herself it is almost unreal. Walking through the crowd MARILYN smiles easily, whereas MILLER looks stern and a little dazed by the sudden flurry of attention. Flashbulbs pop as the POLICE struggle to contain the crowd. MARILYN puts her arm around MILLER, who grins blankly. The flashbulbs burst in front of them, a solid wall of dazzling light. Marilyn! Over here, Marilyn! Marilyn, this way..! ARTHUR JACOBS observes the chaotic scenes with obvious relish, grinning towards ROGER and COLIN. Beautiful. You're looking at tomorrow's front page, boys. ROGER looks at COLIN. We have to get them to the hall. COLIN barges his way through the scrum behind ROGER and briefly finds himself directly in front of MARILYN. For a moment he is transfixed by her beauty and charisma but she doesn't even see him as she follows the commanding ROGER obediently, tugging Miller along behind her, leaving Colin in her wake. It's my genuine pleasure to introduce a woman who needs no introduction. A great actress on her first trip to London whom I have no doubt... How do you like being married, Marilyn? Is this third time lucky? Marilyn, are you planning to see the sights? Is it true you want to be a classical actor now? There's a rumour you're going to be in The Brothers Karamazov on Broadway. Which of them will you be playing? Can you spell that? So would you say you're an intellectual now? What's your definition of an intellectual, Marilyn? Vivien, you created the part of Elsie Marina on stage. Do you have any advice for Marilyn? In The Sleeping Prince we have discovered the perfect vehicle for Miss Monroe's luminous and justly celebrated talent... Marilyn, is it true you wear nothing in bed except Chanel No Okay, let's get a snap of the newlyweds. Smile, Arthur. It's not a firing squad. As the group breaks up, MILTON GREENE, handsome and dark- haired, now approaches OLIVIER and COLIN. This is some place you found. He glances at the house. Olivier smiles generously. You have my new assistant Colin to thank for that. (Pause, he shepherds COLIN over) This is Milton Greene. You must be very nice to him. He owns half of Marilyn Monroe Productions. Forty nine per cent, Larry. GREENE (34) offers them a tired smile. OLIVIER produces one of his branded packets and offers a cigarette to Milton. Have a cigarette. I don't smoke. Milton - Marilyn and rehearsals. Let's talk. Sure. And the studio wants a new title. OLIVIER escorts Milton away. MILLER and MARILYN are now being photographed on their own. ROGER moves over to JACOBS and murmurs discreetly in his ear. JACOBS nods and moves in to end the session. The boys at the gate are getting restless. Let's give them two minutes and then we're done. ROGER waves to the POLICEMEN, who open the gates. The PRESS come pouring in like a mob of revolutionaries storming the Bastille. She's all right. A bit common. But she's only been married three weeks. I'm sure he loves you very much. There is a flash of sudden anger in her expression. Of course. Everyone does. There is a wintry bleakness in her face for a second. Colin Clark. I booked a room. BARRY takes a dusty ledger from beneath the bar, spins it around for COLIN to sign. What brings you up this way? I'm here working on a film. What film's that? It's called `The Sleeping Prince'. Sounds lousy. Ignore, Andy - not a film fan - are you, Andy? Can't be bothered. Marilyn Monroe's in it. I'll be working with her. Oh, will you now? The Queen and Prince Philip popped in for a pint earlier. Pity, you just missed them. The room's three quid a week, first week in advance. You're in number two. You'll be sharing with Grace Kelly. What a wonderful adventure, Dame Sybil. Miss Monroe? The door opens sharply and a small, bohemian looking woman in her 50s stands staring at him. This is PAULA STRASBERG. Sir Laurence sends his compliments. He's ready for the Marilyn, here you are, everyone is so excited to meet you... He gestures to the company. Let us begin. Do sit down, please... SYBIL THORNDIKE looks sweetly at MARILYN from across the table and indicates the empty one at her side. Welcome dear Marilyn, to our little fraternity. (Pause, looks around) We may seem a little strange and quaint to you at first, but I hope that in time you may come to find your method in our madness. Pleased with his over-contrived rhetorical flourish, he gives Paula a pointed look. She glowers back, obscurely sensing that she has been insulted in some way. MARILYN also looks up in confusion at Olivier's well intentioned but clumsy joke. Oblivious to her reaction, he opens his script with a sentimental flourish. So. My very noble and approv'd good masters, let us now embark on our great voyage of discovery together. (Pause) With boldness and (we pray) good fortune, may we strive to create a work of art that, led by your good graces, will be cherished as long as motion pictures may be remembered. He is momentarily close to tears. WATTIS rolls his eyes discreetly, earning a grin from the actor PAUL HARDWICK. There is a rustle of pages and a few coughs, a mood of eager nervousness in the air as they all prepare for the reading. You are amongst friends, my darling angel. Just plain Larry will suffice. (Pause) When you're ready..? It's your line, Marilyn. It is only a readthrough, Paula. The character is on the page. She's half cut! DAME SYBIL THORNDIKE frowns with regal disapproval and smiles warmly at MARILYN. We can't have two fucking directors! Marilyn wants Paula. Why? She's got me! Paula is costing us two and half thousand bucks a week. We might as well use her. (Pause) Listen Larry, accept Marilyn on her own terms and you'll be okay. Try to change her and she'll drive you crazy. Trust me. Dear Christ, what have I got myself into? Come out with me tonight. Tomorrow night, then. Your hair's lovely. She stops to look at him, attracted but cautious. Everyone has a lot of rules around here. Why not? I'm not like that. She looks at him sceptically. Really. Colin! COLIN ducks into a rack of clothes, making a face at Lucy. She can't help smiling back. They're ready for you in make-up Dame Sybil. I don't know, Dame Sybil. I've never had one before. DAME SYBIL gazes at him with wistful sadness. Marilyn here yet? Not yet. What the fuck's going on? I thought you had a contact in her house. I do... Well bloody use him, then. She hasn't come down yet. Neither has Miller. They're playing trains. COLIN stares at him blankly. Well? What's happening? COLIN glances upstairs as he tries to think what to say. She's... getting into character. She's kept Dame Sybil Thorndike waiting in full costume for two hours. It's simply not fair. The door finally opens and MARILYN emerges, with PAULA on one side and MILTON on the other. In her figure-hugging shimmering white sheath of a dress she is ravishingly beautiful. Her hair is like a halo of light around her head. No one can take their eyes off her. Slowly, all work on the set stops. MARILYN walks to the set, acutely aware of the scrutiny of the crew. She smiles nervously, then suddenly hesitates, feeling the weight of everyone's attention. Anxiety flits across her face. She whispers something to PAULA and bolts back towards her dressing room. OLIVIER stares after her in shock. What's wrong? Right, Mr. Orton you wanted me to check the back projection. Please join us, Mr. Cardiff. He stalks away, followed by Cardiff and Orton. Would you like to sit down, Dame Sybil? Are you a member of NATTKE? What? That chair is a prop. Props are NATTKE. If ACT members are going to do NATTKE jobs, I'm calling my men out. Strike meeting! It might be trivial to you, Dame Sybil, but it's my livelihood. He's not in the union. (Pause, to Colin) Put the chair down. Put the chair down now! If I see you doing a NATTKE job again I'll close this set down quicker than you can blink. Dave, Dame Sybil needs a chair. Didn't they teach you anything at Eton? Now fuck off and see if you can get me a bacon sandwich without starting World War III. Camera running. Very quiet, everyone... Speed. The CLAPPER LOADER clicks the clapperboard. Twenty two, take one. Action! He is now called the Duke of Strelitz, he cannot of course go to the Abbey tomorrow, but he is most anxious you should invite him to the room you have taken in the Ritz for Nicky. Maud? Cut. SYBIL THORNDIKE smiles cheerfully. Cut. Action! "Dear?" Cut it there. Check the gate. (After a second) Gate's good. Print. There is a near-audible sigh of relief around the set. SYBIL THORNDIKE smiles. She's impossible. I should have cast Vivien. If anyone can make her great, it's you. You're a genius. Oh, yes. The world's greatest living actor, so they say. OLIVIER looks at him, wanting to be reassured. He fumbles for a cigarette with shaking fingers and COLIN hurries to light it. He smiles wryly. Let's hope I'm as brilliant as you think I am. (Pause) Now be a good boy and keep an eye on her. You really were very good, Miss Monroe. MARILYN smiles vaguely. PAULA gives him a fierce look - COLIN moves past quickly. Oh, it's all right. It's worth it. LUCY can't help being charmed. I'm not living off my parents, if that's what you mean. I want to make my own way, no matter what. Who told you that? Vivien's a friend of my father's. You'll be signing on your father's account, sir? Certainly not. I settle my own bills. I was always going to pay, you know. Not compared to you. So they say. Which one is which? She bursts out laughing. Her eyes sparkle and she looks captivating in the glistening lights. He goes to kiss her and this time she doesn't stop him. I really do like you, Lucy. Yes, I should be off. Colin Clark. Pleased to meet you, Mr. Armstrong. This is a very nice house you've got. Umm... not really. My family are more country people. Next Saturday? Thank you, Dame Sybil. She should be on time, like everyone else. She is a star. I'm a fucking star! He looks around in frustration. If we nip this behaviour in the bud perhaps it won't be repeated. This is Marilyn you're talking about. Marilyn, darling you are an angel, and I kiss the hem of your garment, but why can't you get here on time for the love of fuck? You must apologise to Dame Sybil. MARILYN reddens with humiliation as he takes her arm. That one's pretty damn good. You knocked it out of the park. MARILYN glows at his praise. When Marilyn gets it right you just don't want to look at anyone else. OLIVIER frowns. For all his greatness as an actor he will never be a film star like the maddeningly instinctive Marilyn. And the injustice of it is like a stab through his heart. At the back COLIN only has eyes for the screen. He watches MARILYN's image, enthralled. Until now he has taken Marilyn entirely at Olivier's valuation, but as he watches her on screen he begins to see things differently. We've only been shooting for four days and we're already two weeks behind. COLIN can't resist blurting out a comment. Why not only show her the good takes? Then she might feel better about herself. He looks self-conscious as they both turn to stare at him. The kid's right. She could use the confidence. I believe it's traditional for the producer of the film to watch rushes. Besides, she's an experienced actress. She should learn from her mistakes. They just upset her. Not half as much as they upset me. I'll do that. You go and find Marilyn's script. She thinks she left it in her dressing room. Your script... David wants to know if you're ready for the extras in the ballroom scene. I forgot. I can't do Saturday. Marilyn wants to go shopping. Larry asked me to help out. She smiles sardonically, teasing him, but a little hurt. Next Friday instead? She shrugs in agreement. I'll pick you up. Eight o'clock. He smiles, a little too glibly, and hurries away. LUCY gazes after him. He doesn't look back. It's Saturday. Early closing. But they're expecting us. No one's recognised her. At least she can shop in peace. Marilyn's a star. Stars don't even pee alone. My God, she'll be torn apart... Get her out of here. Jeez, Marilyn, they really fucking love you. As COLIN looks in the rear-view mirror he sees MILLER shaking his head in dazed horror as MARILYN slumps half-collapsed into the seat beside him. Madness. Someone's going to get hurt. COLIN shifts his gaze to her in the mirror and his eyes meet Marilyn's. He sees - or imagines - a terrible sadness before she quickly replaces her dark glasses. Cut. The line is "Gee, this is all right too, isn't it". It's a tiny word, my darling, but it matters. Let's go straight away. MARILYN smiles vaguely. HAIR and MAKE-UP rush to do last minute checks. Camera running. Speed. Mark it. The clapperboard clatters down. Take two. WATTIS and MARILYN come in again on their cue. Cut. Nearly there, but Terry did work so very hard on this and we must try to get it right for him. Straight away, please. Cut. The point is that you have already admired the downstairs hall in an earlier scene. Now you are admiring this room as well. Then she should pretend to believe it. We're in absolute agreement, Paula. Acting is all about sincerity. And if you can fake that, you're off to the races. Maybe we should try for another take. Eight months of this? I'd rather kill myself. (Under his breath to Cut. A look of near-panic creeps into Marilyn's eyes at her inability to remember the line. Cut. What's the matter now? He takes her arm and whisks her away to the side of the set, lowering his voice, trying to conceal his exasperation with a honeyed tone. Forgive me, Marilyn. This is my failure, not yours. Tell me how I can help you. Elsie is all in the script But you have her precisely, you know her inside out. I'm in awe of your gift. We all are. Why not simply rely on your natural talents? Marilyn, you are the most attractive woman in the world. I'm simply suggesting you be yourself. (Trying to be helpful) All you have to do, dear Marilyn, is be sexy. Isn't that what you do? You've already got Paula, for heaven's sake. I'm the director. Speak to me. It's five in the morning in New York. "O, now, for ever Farewell the tranquil mind/Farewell content/ Farewell the plumed troop and the big wars/That make ambition virtue O, farewell/Farewell..." (Pause, exasperated) Paula's not an actress. She not a director, not a teacher. Her only talent is buttering up Marilyn. It would be worse if she wasn't around. You know what would make Marilyn Monroe a real actor? A season in rep. They wouldn't stand for this kind of nonsense at the Hippodrome in Eastbourne. You have to be patient with her. Trying to teach Marilyn how to act is like teaching Urdu to a badger. MILTON gives him a look but says nothing. Instead he picks up his bag and opens it. It is stuffed with bottles of pills. He takes one of them, checks the label and puts it in his pocket. I better go see her. She'll need something to help her calm down. COLIN holds the door for him as he goes out. (After a second) Pills to sleep, pills to wake up. Pills to calm her down, pills to give her energy. No wonder she's permanently ten feet underwater. Maybe she's scared. We're all scared. It's part of being an actor. But you have the training to deal with it. OLIVIER turns from the mirror to survey him. I wouldn't buy the little girl lost act if I were you. Though heaven knows it's tempting. He sighs wistfully. And I think Marilyn knows exactly what she's doing. COLIN isn't so sure but wisely holds his tongue. You better get over to Parkside and make sure the poor girl's all right. (Pause) And Colin? Don't forget who you work for. Are you sure they won't mind? Help yourself. They can spare it. (Pause) Marilyn's okay. She's taken some pills and gone to bed. He frowns darkly. They like to keep her doped up. It makes her easier to control. You mean Miller? (Shakes his head) The others. They're terrified their cash cow will slip away. He smiles grimly and raises his beer bottle. Cheers! Marilyn. Come back to bed. It's not what you think. It's just a few ideas. Writer's stuff. (Pause) Bring back my book and let's get some sleep. Finally MARILYN stirs and closes the notebook. Holding it to her breast and clutching the cover around her shoulders she gets up and goes into the bedroom, closing the door. As the light snaps off COLIN breathes for the first time in what feels like minutes. Good morning, Miss Monroe. She is hunched in the back, her hair in a scarf, her face protected by her large sunglasses with PAULA by her side. She doesn't look up. It's nearly lunch time. She isn't feeling the part. It's a light comedy. How much feeling can it possibly require? Give her a few minutes... She can't hide in her bloody dressing room all day. Oh, yes she can. Go and find out what the hell's going on. 24. (Pause) Nearly I'm not innocent. She turns her head and her beautiful face comes fully into the light. I'm the third assistant director. Just a gopher really. Go for this, go for that... He was worried about you. No! Of course not. Why would anyone spy on you? She sighs, and looks away. Are you all right, Miss Monroe? He waits hesitantly, but she seems to have drifted off. But then, suddenly, she turns back to him, her eyes huge. Yours, Miss Monroe. She rewards him with a brilliant smile, her whole face lighting up. Marilyn's got a new boyfriend. Larry will get jealous. You can say that again. He gives a camp laugh. COLIN tries to shrug it off with a lightness he doesn't feel. Nothing happened. You were in there for ten minutes at least. Plenty of time for a kiss and a cuddle. Paula was with us the whole time. The mind boggles, dear. COLIN smiles but his expression freezes as he looks up to see LUCY nearby. She has heard every word of the exchange. I dreamed last night I could hear singing. And then I realised it wasn't a dream. There was a male voice choir serenading Marilyn under our window. At two in the morning. It's a circus. A freak show. OLIVIER smiles but MILLER looks dazed. I'm going back to New York for a few days. I need to see my kids. I need a break. That won't help Marilyn. (After a moment) I can't help her. (Pause) You know what she loves to do most? Sleep. It's what she lives for. Sleep is her demon. I've disappointed her. She thought I could smash all her insecurities with one magical stroke. That I could make her a new person. She wants me to protect her but I can't. I can't even protect myself. (Pause) She read some notes I made. They were nothing. Just a few ideas. About her? She took them the wrong way. But you do love her? Your new bride and all that? I can't work. I can't think. (Pause) She's devouring me. Just doing my job. Tough as he is, he melts visibly. She moves on to JACK CARDIFF, the lighting cameraman, looking at him in mock misery. You're more beautiful every year, Vivien. She laughs and turns to COLIN, looking at him severely. I'm doing my best... VIVIEN glances away to see MARILYN standing nearby, awkward and excluded. She has come straight from make-up and wears only a towelling robe, slippers and curlers in her hair. You shouldn't upset yourself. You are ten times the actress she will ever be. There's never been anything between Marilyn and me. You're imagining things. Vivien..! She hasn't been well. There was a baby... she... we... lost it... COLIN looks down awkwardly. OLIVIER sighs. (After a pause) Do you have a cigarette, Colin? COLIN hurries to offer him one of his "Oliviers". OLIVIER grimaces wryly. Not one of those awful things. COLIN finds a woodbine in his other pocket and gives it to OLIVIER, who lights it with a shaking hand. He inhales deeply. Vivien's right... I did think I would fall shatteringly in love with Marilyn. What a joke. He looks at COLIN, his feelings raw and exposed. Remember, boy, when it comes to women you are never too old for humiliation. Marilyn won't shoot today. She's gone back to Parkside. She's upset about Arthur leaving England. He's only going to visit his children. You don't leave Marilyn alone. She can't handle it. She thinks everyone's going to abandon her. Perhaps she's come back. (Into the phone) Yes? Sir Laurence? It's Roger. Oh, Roger. What's up? Is Colin there, Sir? Yes, he's here. (Pause) It's for you. Roger? What the heck? Why is Marilyn on the phone to my third fucking assistant? Yes, I'm sure I can do that. Well? What did she want? She wants to see me. He shouldn't be talking to her. He's just a kid. Supposing he says something? (Pause) Why the hell didn't she call me? His angry - and jealous - frustration is in stark contrast to OLIVIER, who looks at COLIN with a new interest, wondering if there is anything in this odd situation that can work to his advantage. He smiles calmly. I'm sure Colin knows what he's doing. Don't you, Colin? There is a warning as well as approval in his tone. Miss Monroe said for you to wait. She won't be long. He looks at COLIN dubiously as he goes out. COLIN is nervous and not quite sure what to do with himself. He looks at the drinks in their decanters on the sideboard and is suddenly desperate for some Dutch courage. He finds the brandy and picks it up - I was just... checking you've got everything you need. She walks to the sideboard, standing only a few inches away from him. He can't take his eyes from hers. He drops his gaze, only to find himself staring at her breasts. He looks up again sharply but not before she notices. She takes the decanter from his hand. No. I'm only the third. Just a messenger, really. There's no Mrs. Colin. I'll tell you what's wrong. It's agony for him because he's a great actor who wants to be a film star, and agony for you because you're a film star who wants to be a great actress. And this film won't help either of you. I'm 23, Miss Monroe. Seven years is nothing. You were just looking for the right man. Hello? Colin? Is everything okay? What did she want? Everything's fine. Miss Monroe just had... some large packages she needed handling... He looks at MARILYN's voluptuous figure. MARILYN looks back innocently and mouths the word "packages". She giggles. He turns crimson with the effort of trying to suppress his own laughter but MARILYN isn't helping. She teasingly makes shapes in the air of just how large the packages might be. He covers the phone, agonised, before they both collapse in irrepressible laughter. COLIN finally pulls himself together. Hello? Milton? There is a long silence at the other end of the line. Let me speak to her, Colin. She's tied up right now. This only sets MARILYN off again. She howls with laughter and COLIN can't help joining her. What's going on? Colin! (Shouts) Let me talk to her, damn it! I'm sorry, Milton. I have to go. He hangs up quickly. They both laugh helplessly. MARILYN smiles. You should get out more. See the sights. I don't think he'd mind. He doesn't understand your kind of actor. He's hated the method ever since Vivien worked with Elia Kazan. It's all too new and strange. You're the future, and it frightens him. Phone call for you, Miss Monroe. It's Mr. Miller. MARILYN goes back up the path towards the house, glancing back briefly at Colin. You'll be leaving now, I expect. I don't care if he fucks her sideways. Perhaps it'll calm her down. (Pause) Oh, hello, boy. I hear you spent last night with Marilyn. I didn't spend the night with her. We just had a chat. I heard them chuckling. Perhaps if Colin is very diplomatic Marilyn is more likely to behave herself. She just wants a chum, that's all. A chum? Jesus Christ, what is this, Goodbye Mr. Chips? Grow up, kid. I thought working with Marilyn would make me feel young again. But I look dead in the rushes. Dead behind the eyes. Perhaps I'm angry with her because in my heart I know my own career is in a terrible rut. I wanted to renew myself through her but all I see reflected in that magnificent face is my own inadequacy. You know, I admire Marilyn. I really do. Despite her behaviour. She has taken everything Hollywood can throw at her and triumphed. An actress has to be pretty tough to get even a tenth as far as she has. He glances up at COLIN in the mirror, shrewd and sympathetic. But be careful, boy. She doesn't need to be rescued. Not really. What was Marilyn like then, Col? Going over her lines with her, were you? Will she be in today or is she too tired? It is all good-natured stuff but COLIN feels strangely protective, not so much on his own behalf as Marilyn's. She was just being friendly. I'll bet. There are hoots of laughter. COLIN retreats to a corner only to find RICHARD WATTIS pursuing him. Ever heard of the Venus Fly Trap? There you are, Colin the innocent little fly buzzing about happily, when suddenly a heavenly scent attracts you and - Snap! Oh, fuck off, Dickie. You've never slept with a woman in your life. I know a Femme Fatale when I see one, love. Three minutes, ladies and gents. Three minutes. It has just dawned on COLIN that he has missed his date with LUCY. Before he can react he is jerked violently behind the scenery and pushed up against the wall by an angry MILTON. Arthur Miller called me. He's not happy with you. He doesn't even know who I am. Marilyn must have said something. Maybe she was trying to make him jealous... ORTON turns around frowning furiously at the voices behind the set. MILTON pushes COLIN off the set ahead of him. Listen, kid, I've known Marilyn for seven years. I fell in love with her, just like you've done. COLIN is about to protest but MILTON ignores him. We had ten days together and that was it. She picked me up, she put me down. That's what she does. She breaks hearts. She'll break yours. My advice to you is to quit before you get burned. I don't need your advice. And I'm not in love with her. Okay, have it your way. (Pause) You don't see Marilyn again, you don't even talk to her. She is completely off-limits to you. Got it? Oh, God... I'm sorry... I forgot... I've just been so busy. You know how crews gossip. There's nothing in it. Of course not. You know how crews like to gossip. His voice trails off lamely as he realises he is repeating what he has just said to Lucy. MARILYN smiles. Lucy, I really like you. We've had such fun... Get in. COLIN looks at him in confusion. The studio doors open and MILTON emerges. He glances darkly at COLIN and ROGER. Any problem, Roger? Just dropped by to take Colin out to lunch. You're not taking him to Marilyn? That would drop us all in a whole ocean of shit. Oh, no, sir. What do you have in there? Just a picnic. We've been looking forward to it, haven't we, Colin? Okay, well, have a nice time boys. Is she okay? Oh, Jesus - Indeed we did. Oh, God. If Milton sees me with you... I'll be sacked... What the hell? He peers into the back window. MARILYN screams and buries herself back under the blanket. COLIN scrambles to get over into the back seat while ROGER stamps on the accelerator and the car roars off. Colin! Get back here, you little bastard! You're fired! Do you hear me? Fired! COLIN winces. ROGER looks at him sympathetically. MARILYN emerges from under the blanket, tousled and laughing. We have today, anyway. One day to do whatever we like. We can go back to real life tomorrow. Well, maybe the weekend. We could go to Windsor Castle, if you like. MARILYN's face breaks into a smile of pure delight. Detective Chief Superintendant Smith. I'm escorting this lady and gentleman for the day. They'd like to look around the castle. As the policemen see MARILYN their eyes widen. Christ, is that..? He stares in disbelief. ROGER smiles. Well, it's not Diana bloody Dors, is it? (After a second) Does she know anyone here, sir? We need to write down a contact name in the book. ROGER looks stumped at this. He turns to Marilyn. You don't know Her Majesty, by any chance? I'm not sure that quite... My Godfather works here. He's the Royal librarian, Sir Owen Morshead. The POLICEMAN looks sceptically at Colin's casual clothes. Name? Clark. Colin Clark. The POLICEMAN retreats into his box. We hear him talking on the telephone. ROGER looks at COLIN. He shrugs sheepishly. My father knows everybody. A moment later the policeman returns, looking surprised. He says to go straight up the hill, sir. You'll be met at the door. Are you somebody, mate? I'm no one. COLIN stares at MARILYN. She catches his eye and smiles, just for him. He feels like he's tumbling into the abyss, but no longer cares. Eton is 500 years old. It was founded by King Henry VI. Take that room up there. That's where the boys were sent if they didn't work hard enough. Where we were whipped. Beaten. Five years. But I was sent to boarding school when I was eight. That's what we do in my family. In one way, yes. But when you're brought up in a house of over- achievers, it's hard to make your own mark. Maybe it will be in films, but if not, there are so many possibilities out there. Marilyn! It's Marilyn Monroe! You can whip me anytime, Marilyn! MARILYN laughs in delight. There are cheers as COLIN escorts her away. But we haven't got any... He stops in mid-sentence as he sees MARILYN unbuttoning her blouse and throwing it off carelessly. What if a boat goes past? We could be arrested. What's wrong? I can't see anything. Let me warm you up. Time to go home, I think, Miss Monroe. She smiles, a little sadly, then gets up, walking past him as she puts on the rest of her clothes. ROGER averts his eyes respectfully and waits for COLIN. The two men look at each other for a second. Be careful not to get in too deep, son. COLIN knows he isn't talking about the river. You spent the day with her. What frame of mind was she in? She was fine. Well, find out what's going on. There's a good chap. Perhaps we can persuade her on this splendid day to do the work she's paying herself to do. He stalks off. COLIN sees WATTIS grinning at him. Don't start, Dicky. You won't get any sympathy from me, dear. Frankly I wouldn't care if Marilyn dropped dead tomorrow. She's trying her best. She's Marilyn Monroe. This is her life. Pills, booze, sex, more pills. (Pause) God, it must be wonderful! COLIN doesn't laugh. WATTIS looks at him sympathetically. Oh, dear. Little Colin's in love. Marilyn's not well. But she was wonderful yesterday. I don't know what you did to her, kid, but she got nervous. I had to give her some pills to calm her down. She doesn't need pills! She just needs someone to care for her. Someone like you? I told you, I'm not in love with her! You kissed her. She said that? Spare me the bullshit. I know everything. You messed her up, kid. Confused her. I've got every penny I ever made tied up in Marilyn. She owes me. If it wasn't for me she'd still be on contracts that make slave wages look good. I gave her back her freedom, and now Miller's turning her against me. That's what you get for trying to help Marilyn Monroe. If you want to play with the grown-ups, Colin, start learning the rules. Colin! (Pause) Colin! COLIN opens his eyes, his mind drugged with sleep. Roger? What's the matter? It's Marilyn. A cold dread clutches at COLIN's stomach. He stumbles out of bed and opens the door. ROGER stands in the doorway Is she dead? She's asking for you. She's sick. I think she might be in a coma. How can she be asking for me if she's in a coma? Just bloody get dressed! We should break down the door. How many pills did she take? Oh, Jesus, who knows? I wasn't counting. COLIN knocks gently. Marilyn? There is no reply. That's her window. He points with his torch. The window is open. COLIN shins up the ladder while ROGER holds it. I'll open the door once I'm inside. Marilyn? A shaft of moonlight reveals MARILYN lying naked across the bed, her body partly covered by the sheet. Half empty pill and champagne bottles are scattered all over her dresser; there is also an old photograph in a silver frame of her mother Gladys. Marilyn? For a second he fears the worst, but then suddenly she groans and sits up, looking at him blearily. Are you okay? Everyone was worried about you. It's me. She's fine but I'm going to keep an eye on her. I'll sleep on the sofa. Come on, Colin, open up. (After a second) I can't find the key. (Pause) You can all go to bed now. I came in through the window... Milton thought you were sick. Please don't take any more pills. COLIN (CONT'D) (cont'd) Who's that? Abraham Lincoln? Yes, I do. Yes. I'm sure they do. Yes. But you and I come from different worlds. You're like some Greek Goddess to me... Mr. Miller loves you. Writers scribble all kinds of things. It doesn't mean anything. I'll never leave you. I don't want to. (Pause) I love you, Marilyn. Maybe we should just be friends. Who's Johnny? Marilyn? Do one thing for me? Come into the studio on time tomorrow and show everybody what you can do. Show Larry you're a great actress. Morning, boy. (Pause) Christ, you look rough. He looks at him thoughtfully, then shrugs. Let me know when Marilyn arrives. If she ever does. Oh, I'm pretty sure she'll be in this morning. OLIVIER gives COLIN an odd look. Cut it there! MARILYN is as happy as we have ever seen her. She seeks out COLIN amongst the crowd and beams at him. Half the crew, including OLIVIER, notice the look. COLIN blushes self- consciously but we can feel his pride. Whatever it was you did to her, boy, keep doing it. OLIVIER grins slyly and COLIN doesn't bother to protest. The phone rings. OLIVIER picks it up. Hello? His face falls as he listens to the voice at the other end of the line. Of course I do. You were wonderful today. PAULA looks at MILTON, then moves between them busily. What would Arthur say if he knew Colin was here? A flicker of terror crosses MARILYN's face. COLIN turns on them angrily. You heard what she said. She wants me here. I'm here now. I'll look after you. The doctor's coming. COLIN turns the handle but the bathroom door is locked. Marilyn, unlock the door. I won't. MILTON gives him a sharp look but he no longer cares about anything except Marilyn. There is a shuffling sound and the door is unlocked. At the same moment PAULA comes rushing in, hair awry, gown flapping, a wild look in her eye. I haven't done anything. She's just... got a stomach ache. He reddens with embarrassment. ROGER coughs. I think he means her monthlies. She's not dying, for Christ's sake. The HOUSEKEEPER now appears at the door with an elderly man at her side. He nods briskly. I'm Dr. Connell. Is the patient in there? Perhaps you'd all like to give us a little privacy? As COLIN shepherds the others out MILTON turns on him bitterly. Happy now, kid? Who's in charge here? MILTON, PAULA, ROGER and COLIN all step forward as one. CONNELL gives them a wry look and shrugs. I've given Mrs. Miller an injection and the bleeding has stopped. She needs to stay in bed tomorrow but after that she'll be fine. I suggest someone stays with her. PAULA leans forward and almost snatches the prescription from his hand. Well, goodnight then. COLIN holds the door open as he gets in. Was she really pregnant? I think that's a private matter between Mr and Mrs. Miller. He looks at COLIN with cool disapproval, then closes the door and drives off. COLIN stands watching, shivering in his shirtsleeves. I don't want to forget. He struggles then suddenly bursts out passionately. Let me protect you from all this... She smiles sadly. Why not? You could come and live at my parents place. You'd love it. It's a castle, like in a fairy tale. We wouldn't even have to live together. You could have your own suite of rooms... You could quit. Forget Marilyn Monroe, forget Hollywood. Let it all go. Why not, when it drives you crazy? I didn't mean that. I just meant you could be happy. Of course you're happy. (Pause) You're a star. The biggest star in the world. You're right, Marilyn. We have to forget all this. From now on I'm nobody. Just the third. You don't even know I exist. We'll never look at each other again. She giggles with some of her old playfulness. They're ready for you on set, Sir Laurence. Marilyn? She's just arrived. Only an hour late. Not bad by her standards. He smiles, then stands up, straightening his uniform. Maybe we will finish this bloody film after all. Very quiet, studio! Going for a take. The big overhead lights switch on with a series of heavy clunks. Camera running! Speed! Cut! Okay boys and girls, that's a wrap! There is a smattering of applause from the crew. MARILYN leaves the stage. If you'd all like to step this way, you'll find something I think you'll like. MILTON indicates a trestle table at one end of the studio, loaded with gaily wrapped parcels. He ushers the crew over. A parting gift to each of you from Marilyn. Men on the left, ladies on the right. It's been a lot of fun, kids. See you at the Academy Awards. Aren't you going to throw yours away? (After a second) Lucy? She turns back to look at him. I was wondering if you're doing anything this Saturday. (After a second) A little. "You do look, my son, in a moved sort/As if you were dismay'd: be cheerful, sir./Our revels now are ended. These our actors,/As I foretold you, were all spirits and/Are melted into air, into thin air... Prospero. We are such stuff/As dreams are made on, and our little life/Is rounded with a sleep..." (After a second) She's quite wonderful. No training, no craft, no guile, just pure instinct. Astonishing. You should tell her that. Oh, I will. But she won't believe me. That's probably what makes her great. It's certainly what makes her so profoundly unhappy. I tried my best to change her, but she remains brilliant despite me. (Pause) Directing a movie has to be just about the best job ever invented, but Marilyn has cured me of ever wanting to do it again. And now I'm going back to the theatre. John Osborne is writing a piece for me. I thought you hated all that Royal Court stuff. Miller made me see things differently. (Pause) You have to find new worlds to conquer, if you want to be the best. And believe me, most of the time, I really am the best. He goes to the door and pauses. You've done a good job, boy. (Pause) Welcome to the circus. He goes out. COLIN looks back up at the projection box. Run it again, please. The lights go down. MARILYN's face appears on the screen, laughing and happy. It is another sequence, the one where Marilyn does her sweet, uninhibited little dance (Scene 90), a performance both sexy and yet touchingly innocent. HOLD on COLIN for a long moment, gazing at her image in the darkness, then - Can I get another one of those please, Barry? BARRY for once is silent, pours a pint. The regulars try not to stare. As if I could. Everyone else doesn't understand. She smiles, touched. What's that for? (glancing at COLIN) Looking a couple of inches taller than when I first saw you. ROGER nods at COLIN (a silent salute suggesting job well done.) He gets into the car and we stay on COLIN as he watches it pull away. BARRY comes to the doorway of the pub. Was that really Marilyn Monroe? No - just a good friend of mine. BARRY walks back into the pub, leaving COLIN alone, staring at the vanishing car. And then the sun swallows it as it drives into the English countryside. Any messages? THE SECRETARY pushes a piece of paper at him. (After a moment) Did she say anything? Probably. (Pause) Book a call as soon as you can. Los Angeles, California. Brentwood 1890. Your call to Los Angeles. We hear the crackle of the international line. He waits anxiously as the ringing continues. 