Did you hear that? The innkeeper told me -- I used to travel these woods. They told the same stories then that they do now. Only I heard them from a man who actually saw the beast with his own eyes. This man claimed it was the last thing he ever saw. The Wolf took his eyes. And half his face. (off their looks) I saw his scars and empty eye sockets. His skin looked like it was on inside-out. It didn't seem to me like the kind of thing a man would make up a story about. He shrugs. His companions exchange an unnerved look. Wait, wait! Be quiet! He raises a hand. He's heard something. They listen. FOOTSTEPS. Approaching through the mud. The Boy's hand clutches a dagger, but the Fat Knight reaches out and stays him, terrified. The Boy follows his look. We never get a good look at THE FIGURE walking toward them. But what the men see scares them shitless. It stops near the cart. The men huddle together, watching as it slowly starts to walk around the cart -- -- then suddenly jumps atop it. The Figure is now above them. With each step it takes, the boards of the wooden cart CREAK and bend under its weight. A long beat. Then the Figure jumps down again, landing behind the men, startling them. It pauses. The men cower, shivering... Suddenly, the cart is flipped over as if it weighed nothing, revealing the terrified Knights beneath it. Lightning FLASHES. A shadow falls over them. The men scramble to their feet, but the Old Knight slips in the mud. The Boy stops to help him, but then the Old Knight starts screaming, something GROWLS, and the Boy stops short at what he sees. The Fat Knight runs. Wait! We have to help him! The Fat Knight ignores him. The Old Knight shrieks. We hear the same TEARING and POPPING that this thing made while eating the horse. The Boy quickly looks around... ... sees a curved Arabian scimitar lying in the mud, fallen from the overturned wagon. He grabs it and as the Fat Knight runs, the Boy stands his ground. He hefts the blade. He's young, but he has used this before. A lot. Rain beats down on his face and lightning FLASHES as he confronts the thing that is devouring the Old Knight. Hey, there! Let one of these young lads get that for you. That was very thoughtful of her. He gives her a knowing look as he ladles a drink from the bucket. Isabelle's gaze drifts from him to another woodcutter, working off by himself. His name is PETER (21, darkly handsome, almost dangerous-looking). He makes eye contact with Isabelle for a moment, then wipes his brow and calls out to the WOODCUTTER BOSS. I'm taking a break. A break? Does that mean you're going to start working? The other Woodcutters LAUGH. Peter walks away. Isabelle's gaze lingers on him too long. Cesaire notices, not entirely comfortable with what he sees... I was afraid you weren't coming. Do you think she'll tell your father? Of course he does. Right up until the point where he figures out what I'm doing with his daughter. Peter glances back and Isabelle follows his look. Through the trees, she sees her father and the group of grim Woodcutters, still in serious conversation. You haven't heard? (off her look) Three men. They found them this morning just off the Center Road. At least they think it was three men. There wasn't enough left to piece them back together. A long beat as Isabelle takes this in. Then: Could it have been anything else? Isabelle shudders. No, it couldn't have been. We should have killed that monster a long time ago. Same time tomorrow? You really think you can go all day without seeing me? I can think of worse sins I could be committing. She gives a cautioning look, then leaves with a smile. Half full! Half full! I need to talk to you. Isabelle turns to face him, trying to stay nonchalant. When were you planning on telling me? That you're engaged to be married to Henri Smith. Isabelle gapes at him, stunned and confused. Look at me. Just look at me and tell me you didn't know. She looks at him and sees it in his eyes. He's serious. Your father. Off Isabelle's look... Peter is a fine young man. This was your idea. Now I have both of them hating me. In the loft, Isabelle and Lucie are in bed... but Isabelle only pretends to be asleep so she can eavesdrop. That she is. What about Lucie? Hello, Isabelle. So I suppose you've heard. And you? Are you pleased? Do you have any other feelings about it? About me? I know. That's why I asked you to walk with me. I wanted to talk. Well... because we're going to be husband and wife soon. I'm not really sure. I brought you this. He reaches into his pocket and offers Isabelle a flower. She takes it, suddenly blushing. But just then, she sees Peter walking toward them with another WOODCUTTER. We need to talk. You have to go through with it. You have to marry Henri. That doesn't matter. It's not our decision to make. Then maybe you should start listening to your mother. (off her look) It's over. They had to find out eventually. Don't turn this into something that it's not. We had our fun, but that's all it ever was. Isabelle looks up at him, shocked and confused. Go home, Isabelle. Go home and grow up. Isabelle gapes at him. Peter walks away. Full moon! Full moon! Full moon! This doesn't concern you, Isabelle. I'm the Wolf! I'm going to eat you up! She had it coming, if you ask me. What the hell was she doing out there? Then they notice that Isabelle is right behind them, drawing a water from the well. Both men shift uncomfortably, but she pretends she didn't hear. Wherefore each man and woman that is wise, make him ready thereto; for we all shall die, and we know not how soon... She was a good girl. We all loved her. He's looking at Cesaire and shakes his hand, but he briefly glances at Suzette. Isabelle notices the look, but then she spots Peter leaving the church. She makes brief eye contact with him before Henri interrupts. I'm here for you, too. But her gaze follows Peter as he walks away... A line has been crossed. The beast must be destroyed! Your daughter crossed the line. She went into the woods. She was taken. She must have been! So the Wolf broke into your home and stole your daughter without waking anyone or leaving any sign at all? It's been almost thirty years since someone here was killed by the Wolf. We've left it alone. Why would it suddenly come and take one of us now? Grandmother gathers her nerve and stands up. It would explain much. The Pope himself has declared that such creatures exist. The thought gives everyone pause. Even if you're right, it doesn't help us. The woods are filled with hermits and strangers. If there's a werewolf among them, how will we find it? But what of his methods? The man once burned down an entire village just to root out one witch. That is also unsubstantiated. Attewater eyes him, but Father Auguste stands his ground. Even if Father Solomon agrees to help us, it will take weeks for him to get here. That means another full moon. Maybe two. We must defend ourselves. A long, silent beat. Then, Henri stands. He's right. The beast broke the peace, not us. I will help you kill it. Henri's father gives him a surprised look. But after another long beat, the Reeve stands up, too. As will I. We all will. Henri is nervous, but tries to appear brave for Isabelle. Are you all right? Don't do this for Isabelle. She can't marry you if you're dead. I'm not doing it for her. Your mother would be proud to see the man you've become. Henri is moved. He nods, at a loss for words. My father died trying to kill the Wolf. For forty years, we have lived in fear of it. But no more. And never again. We don't need a Witchfinder General to rid of us this hell-hated beast. Because by God and all that is holy, the Beast of Villiers la Croisée shall die tonight! The men CHEER. You're not coming with us? Are you joking? These fools are as likely to kill each other as they are anything else. Henri shoots him an angry look before moving on. Isabelle and Suzette say goodbye to Cesaire. Isabelle sees Peter through the crowd and quickly looks away. Just then, Henri and Adrien pass by. On impulse, Isabelle runs up and kisses Henri on the mouth. When she's sure that Peter has seen this, she quickly walks away. Henri gives Peter a gloating look. Peter scowls. Get that torch out. Henri douses his torch. Who was that screaming? I don't know. Look. He's gone pale. The others follow his look. There's a LARGE PAW PRINT in the snow. The Men stare at it. Suddenly, the same SCREAM pierces the night, this time coming from deeper in the woods. The Men exchange a wary look, but then start after it. Which way did it go? The Merchant points a trembling finger. The Reeve plunges into the brush after it and the Men follow. The caves. It's in the caves. Split up. Two groups. Half the Men take one fork, half the other. We follow the Reeve's group down a narrowing passageway. The Men crowd together, hunched low. The SCREAMS seem to be getting louder. The Reeve stops, listening. He turns toward a low crack in the cave wall. The SCREAMS are coming from inside. He shines his torch inside, lowers his head, and walks toward it. The cave Did you hear what it did to him? It chewed off his private parts. Isabelle had not heard this. Henri doesn't stop working. And I did nothing. I was too scared. I couldn't move. I just let my father be eaten alive. She moves toward him, but he shrugs her away. No. I don't want you here. Isabelle gives him a sad look, then leaves. Henri just keeps hammering away on the anvil. You're a good girl. Isabelle allows a sad smile, places his hand back on his chest, and leaves. This is Villiers la Croisée? Yes, my lord. Summon your bailiff. My master would speak with him at once. Of course, my lord. May I ask to what does he owe this honor? He requested the services of His Eminence, the Witchfinder General. You may tell him that he has arrived. All eyes turn to the figure in the coach. Only a bejeweled hand is visible, resting on the coach's window. That is no werewolf. Surprise and outrage ripple through the crowd. Isabelle and Roxanne exchange a shocked look. When a werewolf dies, it returns to its human form. If what you killed was a werewolf, then you would have a human head skewered atop that pole. And I suppose you've seen this? A wolf turning into a man? My wife's name was Pénélope. She was very pretty. And we were very happy. The Reeve tries to keep the confusion off his face. Attewater and Father Auguste exchange uncertain looks. We lived in a village not unlike this place. And not unlike this place, our village was plagued by a werewolf. I went out with some men to hunt it. It never even occurred to me that we might actually find it. But we did. He has everyone's attention now. All eyes are on him. It attacked me. All I saw were yellow teeth. I hacked at it with an axe and suddenly it was gone. There was blood on my axe. I had cut off one of its paws. I picked it up and put it in my sack. When I returned home in the morning, I found my wife with a bloody rag tied around her left wrist. And when I opened my sack, the werewolf's paw was gone. This is what I found in its place. Solomon takes an old leather sack from his belt, reaches inside... and pulls out a WOMAN'S MUMMIFIED HAND wearing a wedding ring. There are gasps from the crowd. Her name was Pénélope. She was very pretty. And we were very happy. Until the day I killed her. Solomon turns and gives Attewater a hard look. Your werewolf is still alive. And I promise you, it will kill again. I have examined the body of your blacksmith. There were bruises on his neck from where the beast held him in its jaws, squeezing his throat so that he could not scream. But he did scream. We all heard him. Only when it wanted you to. It used him as bait to lure you into the bit of theater it had prepared. Theater? My father is not playacting. He is dead. And I killed the beast that did it. That's what it wants you to think. It did kill your blacksmith. But the animal that you killed was not the werewolf. There was blood dripping from its teeth. The blood was its own. The werewolf most likely wounded it earlier in the evening and left it in the cave for you to find and kill. '�Most likely,'� he says. Have you ever heard anything more unlikely in your lives? That's correct. The werewolf does not live in the forest as you have rather naïvely assumed. It lives here in the village. Among you. There is a moment of shocked silence. Then mounting anger. Cesaire stands up and gestures to Henri. You come here and tell us that this boy's father died for nothing. You accuse us and call us fools. Well, I believe what I can see with my own eyes. That wolf is dead. And I know it's dead because I was with the brave men who killed it. And what of the festival? And we say that it's dead! We've spent every full moon for the past forty years cowering in our homes. We've earned a celebration. And paid for it in blood! Attewater gives Solomon a nervous look. Solomon shrugs. Have your festival. I will stay on here until then to ensure that you have the celebration you all so richly deserve. The Villagers seem appeased, especially the smug Merchant. A look passes between Solomon and his Captain. Isabelle catches it... and finds it unsettling. Gloria Patri, et Filio, et Spiritui Sancto. Sicut erat in principio, et nunc, et sempter, et in saecula saeculorum. Amen. Take it easy, friend. You didn't come with us. The night my father died. Peter's smile fades. Isabelle rushes to pull Henri away. You stayed here and let real men do the work you didn't have the belly for. Why? So you can hit me, too? Why can't you just leave me alone? So what? What's the matter with you? What do I have to do to make you stop caring about me? Isabelle is taken aback. A beat. I don't have to like her to get what I want from her. I thought being with Rosemaria would be the one thing you would never be able to forgive. I wanted you to hate me. (off her look) Isabelle, you are the best thing that could ever happen to me. And I am the worst thing that could ever happen to you. I wasn't born here. You and I both know what that means. I will always be a stranger to these people. Your parents will never let us be together. I can't let you do that. You have something here that I will never have. You have a place. You have a family. With Henri you have a future. I'm not going to let you ruin that over me. Isabelle... I'm wrong for you. But not like this. I want to marry you. She searches his face and sees that he's serious. I can pack the cart tonight and we can leave in the morning. (off her look) Is that too soon? You'd better get back before someone misses you. She gives him a lingering kiss. When she pulls away from him, he sees that she's crying. What's wrong? Get to the church, you fools! The Wolf SNARLS up at him. Solomon gives a battle cry: Help... Help me... Soldier #2 ducks back from the window. No way. He's not going out there. Then: SNIFF. SNIFF. There's a shadow visible under the crack of the cottage door. And a big black snout pressed up against it, SNIFFING out its prey. Soldier #2 readies his sword... ... but then the Wolf moves away. A long beat. The Soldier edges toward the door. The shadow does not return. He slowly reaches out a hand to open the door... Suddenly, the door is blasted off its hinges and the Wolf bursts inside. It stands on top of the door, pinning the Soldier beneath it. The Soldier tries to raise his sword, but can't. The Wolf SNARLS down at him, drooling. Well, well. You look very pretty this evening, my dear. Good enough to eat. The Wolf's voice is sonorous, seductive. The Devil's voice. Isabelle stammers, unable to believe her senses. It's considered polite to thank someone when they pay you a compliment. Are you being impolite, Isabelle? The better to see you with, my dear. Kill you? Why would I kill you? I want you, Isabelle. Isabelle gapes, dumbstruck and dismayed. We are the same, you and I. We are both wild things. You show one face to the world, but there is another face that you hide. A fire burning inside you, waiting to be released. The Wolf sniffs her, starting at her feet and working its way up. It SNARLS with satisfaction, savoring her scent. Yes. I can smell it on you even now. Suddenly, the Wolf jumps onto its hind legs, puts its forepaws on the wall on either side of Isabelle, its muzzle only inches from her face. She recoils. Leave with me tonight. Run with me. The only shackles binding you are of your own making. Slip them and I can show you the world and every pleasure in it. Isabelle hesitates, then finds the strength to speak: What about your fat friend here? Do you think she would rather die? (off Isabelle's look) Come away with me. Or I will kill her. And I will keep killing until you agree to leave with me. Suddenly, the sound of MEN SHOUTING. The Wolf leans in, SNARLING. Isabelle turns away from its foul breath. Choose now. Quickly. Isabelle trembles. She looks down at Roxanne's terrified face, torn. Isabelle closes her eyes. She can't do it. Your silence has doomed them all. Just then, Solomon and two Soldiers turn the corner. The Wolf leaps atop the wall and growls down at Isabelle: Come the next full moon, their blood will be on your hands. Then it jumps over the wall. Solomon scrabbles up after it, but the Wolf is already too far away. It looks back at him. A silent challenge passes between them. And then the Wolf is gone. We are safe here. God protects his own house and those within it. Isabelle finds Prudence. No, thank God. This man is alive! Bring me water! Hurry! Henri nods and quickly turns -- but is stopped cold by Solomon's iron grip on his arm. Solomon and his Captain go to Soldier #1. Solomon kneels at his side. Are you bitten? Shivering, the Soldier nods. The Captain closes his eyes. Solomon stands and turns to Father Auguste. Step back. Confused, Father Auguste does as he's told. Then, before anyone can react, Solomon draws his sword and plunges it into the Soldier's heart. Everyone startles. The werewolf's bite is the same as death to a man. Stunned silence. Solomon turns to the Villagers. The dark days have returned to your village. Your homes are no longer safe. The Wolf will return. Again and again. And it will not stop until it has sucked the marrow from all your bones. Unless you stop it. But to kill a monster, you must become one yourself. A wolf caught in a trap will chew off its own leg to save itself. Will you do the same? What sacrifice will you make to save your families and your way of life? Will you do whatever it takes? Or will you cower in your beds and die like sheep? A long beat. The Villagers shiver and not just from the cold. But no one speaks. Solomon turns to Attewater. It appears my expertise is not as appreciated as I was led to believe. He turns to leave. Suddenly, Attewater steps forward. I was up all night worrying about you. Thank God you're safe. But something about her expression gives him pause. She looks up at him, struggling with what she has to say. I thought you didn't want to wait. Of course not. You'd better go home and see to your mother. She gives him a sad nod, then turns to go. She pauses at the door, but he doesn't look at her. She leaves. Silver. This is our most potent weapon. One blow will kill it. That sword has tasted the blood of many such creatures. But never one as powerful as this. We must find it in its human form. Who among you do you suspect? Attewater and Father Auguste trade uncomfortable looks. Neither of them wants to speak up first. It has not survived this long by being obvious. The signs will be subtle. Insomnia. Restlessness. Strange behavior. Strange smells. (off their looks) Well, none of them smell good, but we must start somewhere. What about the hair Madame Ordeville found on Lucie's body? It was dark. The person we are looking for must have dark hair. Perhaps. Unless it planted the hair to make us think that. Not necessarily. It may be the child or grandchild of the werewolf that first struck here. The curse is hereditary? It is. But it effects men and women differently. A man can inherit the curse. Or he can be turned simply by being bitten. Solomon turns toward the fire and stares into it. But women are immune to the werewolf's bite. In order for a woman to be turned, she must inherit the curse. But even then it will lie dormant unless she eats human flesh. Only then will the bite of a male werewolf change her. Only then can she become a werewolf and capable of passing the curse on to her own children. Of course. It could be any one of you. Attewater and Father Auguste exchange a wary look. I spoke with your father. I broke off our engagement. (off her look) I saw you with Peter. Don't worry, I didn't tell anyone. Isabelle can't hide her shock. She shifts anxiously. I have no interest in ruining your family. I will have you out of love or not at all. Isabelle is dumbfounded. Henri turns and walks away... Isabelle! Get away from there! She follows Roxanne to the front of the crowd, just as two Soldiers haul a figure out of a barn -- it's Claude. You say you saw the accused perform magic? So it was common knowledge that the accused was a conjurer? shifts uncomfortably as Solomon interrogates him... Are you aware that it is the custom of witches and devil worshippers to hold their black sabbaths in cemeteries? Yes, Your Eminence. And do you know of their practice of dancing with invisible devils during these rituals? I have heard it said so, yes. Is there one here today who you have seen dancing in your cemetery? (hesitant; a beat) Yes. But I don't believe he meant anything by it. It was in jest. So you consider the black mass to be a jest? There are suspicious WHISPERS among the Villagers. Father Auguste eyes them nervously. A beat. No, of course not. Then point him out. Father Auguste reluctantly points to Claude. What is your relationship to the accused? And where is his father? Well, what is his name? She pauses. The crowd eyes her, disapproving. A beat. You say a man whose name you cannot recall is the father of your child? What can you tell us about him? Almost as if it were a dream? (off her look) Certain devils called incubi can collect human semen and then transfer it to women as they sleep. A woman who unwittingly conceives in this manner would not be a whore. She would be blameless in the eyes of God. You remember almost nothing of the man who impregnated you. Is it not possible that there was no man? That the accused is not the product of your own sin, but the foul offspring of a werewolf whose semen was placed in you by an incubus while you slept? We have proven here today that behind this veil of feigned idiocy is the fiend that has plagued your village. However, in order for the sentence of death to be carried out, the Church requires either a confession or the testimony of a witness who has seen the accused in his transformed state. Since the accused has refused to confess, this court calls upon its final witness. Isabelle Ordeville. Isabelle is stunned. All eyes turn toward her. On the night of the last full moon, you were attacked by the Wolf. You looked it in the eye. And the one thing a werewolf can never change is its eyes. Look into his eyes, my child. Do you see the beast in them? Isabelle gives Claude a pitying look. Solomon watches, expectant. Then: Is this true? Is there another here who can speak to this? She is mistaken. I did no such thing. Isabelle is shocked. She looks to the other Villagers, but no one will speak up. Solomon frowns. Very well. Since no one here can bear witness, we must extort a confession. This court shall reconvene tomorrow at dawn. Solomon leaves. Claude is dragged out of the room by Soldiers. Isabelle gives Grandmother a helpless look. You should have condemned him today. At least it would have been quick. Cesaire turns and goes back inside. Isabelle and Grandmother continue to listen. Enough of this. Let's eat. He gestures to the Scribe, who hands Attewater a document. A statement declaring that you heard the boy confess. All it requires is your signature. Or your mark, if you cannot write. Very well. Listen more carefully this time. He gestures for the Soldiers to throw more wood on the fire. The FLAMES leap higher. Attewater goes pale. All he hears are screams. Solomon stands next to the bull. The flames gleam off the brass, casting him in hellfire. Listen to how he sings of his love of Satan. How he despairs that he will never again copulate with the dead or sink his teeth into the flesh of pregnant women and eat their unborn children. Attewater gives Solomon a horrified look, suddenly realizing. Father Solomon is insane. No. You stop it. (off his look) We both know he is guilty. But I cannot legally execute him without a witness or a confession. Sign this and we have a confession. Attewater glares at Solomon, then angrily signs the document. Solomon gestures to his Soldiers, who open the bull and pull Claude out. Attewater has to look away. This is the business of werewolf hunting and you had best develop a stomach for it. Because where there is one werewolf, there are two. And where there are two, there are more. This is only the beginning. Solomon throws him to the floor and leaves. Attewater trembles helplessly as Claude is dragged out of the room. A girl to see you. Well, I've yet to come across a girl I wouldn't at least look at. The Captain ushers Roxanne inside. She meekly steps forward. A beat. I assume you came here with a purpose. She hurriedly empties Marguerite's purse on the table in front of Solomon. A mere handful of coins. Your brother has just confessed. It has been witnessed and notarized. He will hang in the morning. What do you think you are doing? (off her look) Do you have any idea who I am? I am the Witchfinder General. I have fought in the Holy Land. I have waded hip deep in blood and resisted all the temptations of the infidels. And you seek to stay the hand of justice with such a tawdry bribe? Leave here, girl, before I have you whipped. Solomon gestures for the Soldiers and they forcibly drag her away. Roxanne struggles against them. How are you acquainted with the accused? And how long did this friendship last? And in this time, have you ever known the accused to converse with devils? What of this? Do you deny having conversed with a werewolf? She looks to Roxanne, who trembles with emotion. Then: Describe this encounter. And what was the nature of your conversation with it? Isabelle hesitates. Grandmother holds her breath. But who is it? Make her tell us who the werewolf is! It doesn't matter who it is anymore. It wants her, not us. Let's just give it what it wants. A long, tense beat. Heavy silence. Nobody speaks. We should not allow ourselves to even consider this. I think we already are. Do we? Did we know she could talk to werewolves? If she stayed, she did so because she is in league with it. Let this be her punishment. The crowd loudly AGREES. Solomon considers. Grandmother gives Attewater a dark look. Then: Very well. Isabelle Ordeville, in light of your willing confession, it is the decision of this court that on the night of the next full moon, you be left to the mercy of the werewolf. Cesaire silently buries his face in his hands. No! Henri bursts to his feet, turning heads. Isabelle is led away. Roxanne can only watch, helpless and ashamed. I just said what I felt. I never stopped caring about her. I would do anything for Isabelle. I had no control over the way she felt. Never. I didn't have to tell him. Why are you doing this? It's you. Henri steps closer to her, menacing. Grandmother steps back and finds herself bumping against the closed door. My God, it's you. You're the Wolf. I can smell it on you now. The night my father died. I saw the Wolf pass by, dragging him by the neck. I was so terrified I couldn't move or make a sound. I remember every detail of that moment. The way the moonlight gleamed off the Wolf's coat. The soundless way it moved. I even remember the way it smelled. A thick, greasy, musky stink. And I can smell it on you right now. A beat. They stand frozen. Glaring at one another. But who do you think they'll believe? I'm the blacksmith. They know me. You're the crazy old woman who lives in the woods. Unless you can, you'd best keep your mouth shut. Another beat. A stand-off. Grandmother's hand finds the door handle. She turns it, stumbling outside -- Are you ready for me to take you home? She looks back. Henri stands in the doorway, still holding the hammer. She eyes him, measuring, suddenly hesitant. Cesaire gives them both an uncertain look. Will you want a ride into town tomorrow? To say goodbye to her? Full moon! Full moon! Full moon! Go away. Outside, Roxanne and Prudence exchange a curious look. I'm sick. You can't come in. No. You mustn't come in. Go home, now. I want to sleep. No, my dear. Come back tomorrow. The blood is seconds away from hitting her feet. The Figure stands poised to throw open the door... but at the last instant, Roxanne turns and walks away. She doesn't see the blood pour outside under the door behind her. I've come to hear your final confession. Isabelle nods shakily and sits up. He enters. None that I have heard. Why? Isabelle doesn't answer. She turns away, troubled... She's still in the dungeon. They're going to move her at sunset. Peter tosses the Boy a coin. The Boy runs off. Peter looks at the stone house, his eyes hard and determined... I told you, Bailiff. Where there is one werewolf, there are more. And the girl is the bait for our trap. Father Solomon strides off. Attewater watches him go... I need your help. Off Henri's look... I don't know. I went to pick her up this morning and she was gone. It's just a precaution. Father Solomon doesn't want the girl's family interfering. Suddenly, Cesaire pulls a club out of his boot and hits the Captain across the back, knocking him to his knees. Cesaire hits him again, then he's wrestled to the ground. The Captain kicks Cesaire in the face and knocks him out. The Soldiers drag him away. Attewater watches them go... I love you, my angel. You don't know how much. The Soldiers pull Isabelle away and lead her up the stairs. Cesaire shakes his cell door with impotent rage. Bastards! I haven't seen him. We, Bailiff Attewater, Father Auguste, and Father Solomon of Avignon, having in mind that you, Isabelle Ordeville of Villiers la Croisée in the Diocese of Saint- Flour, by your own confession, have committed acts of vulgar heresy, convict you of the sins of witches and condemn you to the mercy of werewolf. This is the sentence given. Solomon walks away and Attewater reluctantly follows. Through the holes in the mask, Isabelle sees Father Auguste make the sign of the cross and sadly turn away. No one shoots until I give the order. Attewater glances outside and sees Soldiers armed with longbows hidden all around the square. The Captain draws an arrow from his quiver. It's tip is made of silver. There. The Captain and Attewater follow his look. A BLACK SHAPE is stealing through the shadows toward Isabelle... Hold your fire... Isabelle frantically tries to free herself, her wrists torn and bleeding, but it's no use. Then, suddenly -- -- something SLAMS into the stocks. BANG! She can't see what it is. The stocks are hit again. Isabelle screams. Suddenly, the Shape moves into her field of view: I'm not the Wolf! The moon is out! Look, I haven't turned! Isabelle realizes. He's right. It couldn't be him. I'm trying to get you out of this. He's going to free her. Then: another HOWL. Almost on top of them. Patience. It's close now... Henri brings the hammer down again and again and -- BANG! The lock is cleaved in two. Henri throws the stock open and helps Isabelle out of the mask. She looks like hell. Can you stand? Isabelle nods. In the loft: Kill him. Attewater gives Solomon a horrified look. The Captain strings an arrow and draws it back, taking aim... Suddenly, Attewater pushes him aside, spoiling the shot. The arrow whizzes by Henri's head. Attewater calls out: We have to get to the stable. Peter left his cart for us. It doesn't matter. Come on! The witch has escaped! The witch has escaped! It's gone. Take her! Take her and leave us in peace! The Wolf SNARLS at him and turns to Isabelle. You can't outrun me, my dear. And there is no place you can hide that I cannot smell you out. So what is your decision? Will you take your place with me? Where do you belong then? Here? With the cowards who so gladly sacrificed you to save themselves? They are sheep. We are not like them. Let me show you what you are. The Wolf steps closer... but suddenly, Henri pushes Isabelle aside, pulls his hammer from his belt, and raises it to hit the Wolf. Get away from her! The Reeve quickly grabs him. Henri struggles futilely, but Isabelle seizes the distraction. She snatches a Villager's torch and jabs it into the Wolf's side. The Wolf leaps back with an eerily human YELP of pain. Before it can react, Isabelle waves the torch at the Villagers, grabs Henri and they run away. The mob chases after them. Three Soldiers appear and join the mob. Figures silhouetted against the snow, angry faces lit by torchlight. It's like a nightmare. Suddenly, a cottage in front of the mob EXPLODES into pieces and the Wolf bursts out of it. It turns on the Villagers and Soldiers. It picks up a fallen roof beam in its powerful jaws, clenches them, trembling with rage, and snaps the wooden beam in half like a twig. The Villagers run away in fear, but the Soldiers stand their ground and the Wolf attacks. Meanwhile, Isabelle and Henri escape... but there are more Soldiers up ahead. Isabelle and Henri quickly hide. I need to tell you something. In case I die. (off Isabelle's look) Your grandmother is the Wolf. Isabelle recoils in disbelief. She shakes her head. You believe it? Isabelle hesitates. He has a point. Henri peers out. The Soldiers are closing in on them... They're coming. We have to get out of town. And the Wolf cannot cross onto holy ground. The three exchange a look. Sounds like a plan. They're here! Over here! The two figures run and the Villagers chase after them. Can you keep going? At least you won't die alone now. Your friends will all hang with you. Suddenly... a long, hideous SNARL. Behind them. Father Solomon turns. Isabelle cranes her neck and sees... the Wolf emerge from the alley she just came out of. Solomon picks up his sword and stands to face it. If you come for her, you come through me. The Wolf GROWLS and raises its hackles. Solomon raises his sword. Just then, Henri and Roxanne run into the square, followed by a group of Villagers. Stay back! Henri hurries to Isabelle's side. The Villagers watch, breathless, as Solomon and the Wolf circle one another. Solomon's sword starts to tremble. Sweat breaks out on his brow. The Wolf SNARLS with an almost mocking leer. Then, with a loud battle cry, Solomon charges. The Wolf leaps at him. Solomon raises his sword... ... and the Wolf's jaws clamp onto his wrist. Solomon screams. The Villagers watch, horrified, as the Wolf twists back and forth, like a dog with a chew toy -- -- biting off Solomon's hand. The hand falls into the snow, still clutching the silver sword. Solomon cries out in agony. The Wolf turns toward Isabelle and SNARLS. There is your mighty werewolf hunter. Who will save you now? You bastard! You killed my father! I'm not letting it take you. He throws another rock and another. One hits the Wolf in the eye, tearing a gash in its face. The Wolf GROWLS. Look! It bleeds! We can kill it if we stand together! The Villagers waver. Henri beseeches them: Father Solomon was one man. His soldiers were mercenaries. But we are a village! The Wolf SNARLS at him, but comes no closer. You killed my daughter! Then another Villager joins them. The Wolf looks around. Villagers are emerging from the shadows all around it. It's surrounded. And not by a dozen soldiers, but by a solid wall of angry, determined men and women. The Wolf raises its hackles, trying to scare them, but they start closing in, jabbing at it with weapons and farm implements. It snaps and SNARLS at its attackers, but there are too many of them. Someone drives a spear into the Wolf and it screams in agony. It lurches around, biting at the spear, but can't reach it. Then Henri sees something in the snow... I will come for you again. And with that, it turns and flees into the night. The Villagers CHEER. The Reeve chases after it and the rest of the angry mob follows him. Henri turns to Isabelle. Are you all right? Isabelle nods, shaky. Then... I am bitten. Henri and Isabelle exchange a look. A long beat. Henri walks over to Solomon, sword in hand. Solomon crosses himself and closes his eyes, unafraid. Roxanne turns away. Isabelle doesn't. Then Henri swings the sword. There is a soft THUMP as Solomon's head hits the snow. Henri throws the sword aside. Isabelle puts a reassuring hand on his shoulder. Thank God you're all right. He tries to take her hand, but she pulls away. A beat. What did he tell you? Isabelle gives him a hurt look. I just need to talk to you. You're certain nobody has seen him since last night? The Wolf must have taken him. What else could have done that? They're looking at the cell where Cesaire was locked up. The metal door has been ripped off its hinges... I've been expecting you. Isabelle starts toward the bedroom with the basket... Don't come in here. Isabelle stops short. Grandmother's face is cloaked in darkness. Isabelle gives her a questioning look. I'm not hungry right now. I just made myself a stew. I left it over the fire for you. Isabelle glances back at the pot BUBBLING over the fire. Don't be silly, my dear. You've been through so much. Sit down. Isabelle considers for a beat, then places the basket on the table, next to a ball of yarn with Grandmother's knitting needles sticking out of it. There's no burden so heavy that it doesn't seem a little lighter on a full stomach. That's right. Eat up, my dear. Eat up. Isabelle takes a bite of the hot soup. The cat jumps up on the table and lies down next to her, licking its paw. Was I now? It's just the stew warming you. Isabelle hesitates, but keeps eating. Then she takes a closer look at the cat. There's blood on its paw. That's what it has been licking this whole time. Suddenly, Isabelle feels faint. She breaks out in a sweat. She looks at the soup. A thick broth with chunks of white meat... If you don't like it, there's wine on the table to wash it down. Isabelle reaches for the bottle with an unsteady hand and pours herself a cup. She takes a sip... and freezes. It's not wine. It's blood. She gags and drops the cup, spilling blood everywhere. The cat jumps away. She looks at the bottle, turns it over. More blood pours out. Isabelle screams and throws it, knocking over the pot and spilling the soup. The Figure laughs. Oh, what pretty red lips. Come and give your Granny a kiss, my dear. Then I will come to you. And with that -- Grandmother slowly starts to move. She groans. She's hurt. She stands up. She's much taller now than she was. As Isabelle watches in mute dread, the Figure pulls off Grandmother's nightgown and cap, hobbles into the firelight, revealing its face... I'm afraid I ate most of her. You ate the rest. Isabelle gives the spilled stew on the floor a horrified look. For a moment, she looks like she may pass out. I didn't want to kill her. But she finally realized what I was. Look into my eyes. The one part of me I can never change. Isabelle looks into his eyes... and recoils in horror. I did more than that to her. Isabelle steps away from him, mind reeling. He snarls. I only wish your mother could have known what I did to her. The girl she passed off as my daughter. Lucie was the joy of my life. But she wasn't mine. No. Not in every way that matters. My father sired me. I am a werewolf because it was in his blood. Because I was his. No. And neither does your mother. They killed my father. Suddenly, the larger werewolf falls into a pit filled with sharp stakes. It CRIES OUT in agony. The smaller werewolf looks down and WHIMPERS... ... watching as the larger werewolf begins to change before our eyes. It's reverting to its human form... This doesn't concern you, Isabelle. She was not a werewolf yet. I had to turn her. ... the Wolf emerge from the forest with a scrap of bloody meat dangling from its jaws. The bite should have changed her. It should have made her like me. But it didn't. That's when I knew. There was no werewolf blood in her. I was not her father. I was so angry. I killed her before I even realized I was doing it. Do you see now? This is your heritage. This is what you are. Everything I have done has been to insure the future of our bloodline. We will run together like my father and I once did. You are the next generation. You have had your first taste of human flesh. Now one bite from me is all that is needed to change you. It will only hurt for a moment. And then you will be as I am. I will give you a choice. Come with me now. Or refuse me and let your friends suffer in your place. I will kill them one by one. Your mother. Roxanne. Peter. Isabelle shudders. She slowly pulls away and he releases her. She walks over to the table, her back to him. She eyes the ball of yarn with Grandmother's knitting needles in it. A long beat. Isabelle chokes back tears. Yes, my dear? We can't tell anyone. If they don't believe you, they'll hang you for this. And if they do believe you, they'll hang you for being the daughter of the Wolf. I was bitten at the festival. I spent last night in the woods because I was afraid of what might happen... I changed. I'm like him now. I can't stay here. Your father and your grandfather killed people. They couldn't help themselves. If I stay here, I won't be able to control myself. (off her look) I have to be alone. Isabelle rests her head on his and they just sit like that, leaning against one another in the candlelight... We could take him to the river. We'll weight him with rocks. They're silver. Death was too good for him. I don't know. I need to understand what I've become. Maybe I can learn to control it. (off her look) I'll take my own life before I take another's. I'm not coming back. I don't want you to wait for me. This is the last time you'll ever see me. You know, Henri is a good man. 