MOTHER	f	Bobby-Boy stay here while mommy picks  up the free cheese, 'kay?
MOTHER	f	This'll keep the sun out of your  eyes. You be good now.
MOTHER	f	Don't fucking move, you little shit- machine. Mommy's gonna try to score.
PASSERBY	m	Excuse me--who's watching these  babies?
MOTHER	f	The fat one's watching the little  one.
PASSERBY	m	Oh, nice parenting. Leave'em out here like that and see  what happens.
MOTHER	f	FUCK YOU, YOU FUCKING SQUARE!
PASSERBY	m	Ah, keep on truckin'.
MOTHER	f	D'jou hear the crazy fuck tellin' me  how to fuckin' raise you?  Motherfucker, man! Who's he fucking  think he is? What's the worse fuckin'  thing could happen to you sitting  outside the fuckin' stores? Fuck!
BABY	f	Fuck, fuck, fuck...
JAY	m	--fuck, fuck, fuck, mother-mother  fuck, mother-mother fuck-fuck! Mother- fuck-, mother-fuck, mother-fuck,  noinch, noinch, noinch, smoking weed,  smoking weed, doing coke, drinking  beers!  Drinking beers, beers, beers,  rolling fatties, smoking blunts! Who  smokes the blunts? We smoke the  blunts!
TEEN 1	?	Lemme get a nickel bag.
JAY	m	Fifteen bucks, little man. Put the  money in my hand. If the money does  not show, then you owe-me-owe-me- owe. My Jungle Love! Yes, Oh-we-oh-we-oh!  I think I want to know ya', know ya'--
TEEN 1	?	What the hell are you singing?
JAY	m	You don't know "Jungle Love"? That  shit is the mad notes. Written by  God Herself and handed down to the  world's greatest band--the  motherfucking Time.
TEEN 2	?	The guys in that Prince movie?
TEEN 1	?	Purple Rain.
TEEN 2	?	Man, that shit was so gay--fucking  eighties style.
JAY	m	Bitch, don't you NEVER say an unkind  word about The Time! Me and Silent  Bob modeled our whole fucking lives  after Morris Day and Jerome! I'm a  smooth pimp who loves the pussy, and  Tubby here's my black manservant!
RANDAL	m	What'd I tell you two about dealing  in front of the store? Drop the kid  and peddle your wares someplace else,  burn-boy. And for the record, The Time sucked  ass.
JAY	m	Yo-youse guys wanna hear something  fucked up about him and the Quick  Stop guy?
RANDAL	m	Hey, can't we do something about  those two stoners hanging around  outside all the time?
DANTE	m	Why? What'd they do now?
RANDAL	m	I'm trying to watch Clash of the  Titans, and all I can hear is the  two them screaming about Morris Day  at the top of their lungs.
DANTE	m	I thought the fat one didn't really  talk much.
RANDAL	m	What, am I producing an A&E Biography  about 'em? I'm just saying they  shouldn't be loitering around the  stores like they do.
DANTE	m	Neither should you, but we let you  stay.
RANDAL	m	See, man--if you were funnier than  that, ABC never would've canceled  us.
DANTE	m	What?
RANDAL	m	Nothing.
TEEN 1	?	Two packs of Wraps. Yo--how was the service?
RANDAL	m	What service?
TEEN 2	?	The one at the Unitarian church where  you two got married to each other  last week.
RANDAL	m	What the hell are you talking about?
TEEN 1	?	Jay said you had a Star-Wars--themed  wedding and you guys tied the knot  dressed like storm troopers.
TEEN 2	?	Yeah. And he said you're the bitch  and you're the butch. Oh, sorry--the  Leia and the Luke.
DANTE	m	I'm the bitch?!
RANDAL	m	Well if we were gay, that's how I'd  see it.
DANTE	m	Would you shut up?!
TEEN 1	?	Holy shit, dude. The honeymoon's  over.
DANTE	m	We're not married to each other.
TEEN 1	?	Well, sure. Not in the eyes of the  state or any real church, Skywalker.
RANDAL	m	That does it. I'm gonna do something  about those two. I shoulda done a  long time ago
TEEN 2	?	In a galaxy far, far away!
TEEN 1	?	May the Foreskin be with you. Hand  Jabba the Hutt.
RANDAL	m	Yeah, I want to report a couple of  drug dealers out in front of the  Quick Stop.
JAY	m	What the Fuck, Serpico? What'd we  do?
COP	m	We got a report that two guys were  hanging around outside the stores,  selling pot?
JAY	m	We don't smoke pot, yo.
TEEN 1	?	Here're the rolling papers you wanted  for your pot. And your change. Thanks. And The Time sucks ass!
COP	m	No pot, hunh? What do you need this  for?
JAY	m	What?  I got a wiping problem. I  stick these little pieces of paper  over my brown-eye, and bam--no shit  stains in my undies. You don't believe me? Lemme show  you.
JAY	m	Just spread my cheeks a little and  you can see the fucking stink nuggets--
COP	m	Pull up your pants up sir, Now!
COP	m	Let's take a ride down to the station.
JAY	m	What? It's suddenly a crime to fart,  motherfucker?!
BRODIE	m	No fucking way!
BRODIE	m	Dante and Randal slapped you with a  restraining order?!
JAY	m	Judge said if we go within a hundred  feet of the stores, we get thrown  into County.
BRODIE	m	So you gonna abide by the court's  ruling or you gonna go Bandit-- Reynolds style?
JAY	m	Fuck yeah! You know what they make  you do in county? Toss the fucking  salad! I don't like this fuck's  asshole; I'm gonna do it for some  stranger?
BRODIE	m	I guess if you really wanted to hang  out in from of a convenience store,  you could just buy your own now-- what with all that money you guys  made.
JAY	m	Hell yeah, bitch. Wait a second--what money?
BRODIE	m	The money from the movie, dumb-ass.
JAY	m	What the fuck are you babbling about?
BRODIE	m	The Bluntman and Chronic movie. Oh my God--don't tell me you have no  idea there's a movie being made of  the comic you two were the basis  for.
JAY	m	What?! Since when?
BRODIE	m	Goddamit, man-- Here's the pulse, alright. And here's  your finger-- --far from the pulse, jammed straight  up your ass. Say--would you like a chocolate  covered pretzel?
BRODIE	m	You see, kids, if you read Wizard,  you'd know it's the top story this  month.  Check it out.
JAY	m	When the fuck did this happen?!
BRODIE	m	Well, after X-Men hit at the box  office, all the studios started buying  up every comic property they could  get their hands on. Miramax optioned  Bluntman and Chronic.
JAY	m	Miramax? I thought they only made  classy flicks like The Piano and The  Crying Game?
BRODIE	m	Yeah, well once they made She's All  That, everything went to hell. So  you're saying you haven't gotten a  cut of the movie? Didn't Holden McNeil  and Banky Edwards used to pay you  likeness rights for the comic book?
JAY	m	We haven't seen a fucking dime for  no movie!
BRODIE	m	Well boys, I'm no lawyer, but I think  Holden and Banky owe you some of the  proverbial phat cash. I mean they're  making a movie based on characters  that are based on you and Quiet  Robert.
JAY	m	It ain't me and Quiet Robert. It's a  pair of stupid-ass superheroes that  run around saying "Snitchy-Nitchies"  or something.
BRODIE	m	I believe it "Snootchie Boochies."   Regardless--you're getting screwed.  If I was you guys, I'd confront Holden  McNeil and ask him for my movie check.
JAY	m	Shit yeah. We gotsa get paid.
BRODIE	m	And on that note, we cue the music.
HOLDEN	m	Well! I have been waiting years to  do this. Look at these morose motherfuckers  right here. Smells like someone shit  in their cereal. Bunngg!
JAY	m	What the fuck took you so long  answering your damn door? You trying  to talk another girlfriend of yours  into some of that gay-ass three-way  action with your buddy?
HOLDEN	m	No, I was just showering your mother's  stink off me after I gave her a quick  jump and sent her home. But now that  you mention it-- Thanks, you know. You could've made  the moral of that story you told me  a bit more clear.
HOLDEN	m	So what brings you two dirt merchants  to my neck of the woods?
JAY	m	Oh, I'll tell you what our necks are  doing in your woods--
JAY	m	Where's our motherfucking movie check?
HOLDEN	m	You heard about that too, Hunh? Well,  I've got nothing to do with it. That's  Banky's deal. He owns the property  now. I signed my half of the Bluntman  and Chronic right over to him years  ago.
JAY	m	Why the fuck would you do a thing  like that?
HOLDEN	m	Because I'm almost thirty, for God's  sake--why on earth would I want to  keep writing about characters whose  central preoccupations are weed and  dick and fart jokes? You gotta grow,  man. Don't you ever want more for  yourself? I know this poor, hapless sonovabitch  does. I look in his doe eyes and I  see a man crying out, "When, Lord?  When the fuck can your servant ditch  this foul-mouthed little chucklehead  to whom I am a constant victim of  his folly, and who bombards me and  those around us with grade-A  foolishness that prevents me from  even getting to kiss a girl? Fuck!  When?!
JAY	m	I'm the chucklehead? Fuck you--you're  the dumb-ass who gave away his comic,  and now you ain't got no fat movie  check neither.
HOLDEN	m	When you're right, you're right. I  wish I'd broken off a little piece  for myself. Because if the buzz is  any indication, the movie's gonna  make some huge bank.
JAY	m	What buzz?
HOLDEN	m	The Internet buzz.
JAY	m	What the fuck is the Internet?
HOLDEN	m	The Internet is a communication device  that allows people the world over to  bitch about movies and share  pornography with one another. Here's what we're looking for: "Movie  PoopShoot.com"
JAY	m	"PoopChute." Yeaaahhh.
HOLDEN	m	This is a site full of militant movie  buffs: sad bastards who live in their  parents' basements, downloading  scripts and trading what they believe  to be inside info about movies and  actors they despise yet can't stop  discussing. This is where you go if  you wanna hear frustrated would-be  filmmakers mouth off with their two- bit, arm-chair-director's opinions  on how they all could've made a better  Episode One.
HOLDEN	m	Here. This is about the Bluntman  movie. "Inside sources tell me Miramax is  starting production this Friday on  their adaptation of underground comic  fave Bluntman and Chronic."
JAY	m	Friday?! Shit. Does it say who's  playing us in the movie?
HOLDEN	m	No, but if it's Miramax, I'm sure  it'll be Ben Affleck and Matt Damon.  They put'em in a bunch of movies.
JAY	m	Who?
HOLDEN	m	You know--the guys from Good Will  Hunting.
JAY	m	You mean the fucking movie with Mork  from Ork in it?
HOLDEN	m	Yeah, I'm not too big a fan either.  Though Affleck was the bomb in  Phantoms.
JAY	m	Word, bitch. Phantoms like a  motherfucker.
HOLDEN	m	Now down here is where you can gauge  the buzz. This is the Shoot Back  area. It's where people who read the  news get to chime in with their two  cents. Here's what a guy who goes by  the chick-magnet Net handle of "Wampa- One" thinks about Bluntman and  Chronic. "Bluntman and Chronic and their stupid  alter egos Jay and Silent Bob only  work in small doses, if at all. They  don't deserve their own movie." He's got a point.
JAY	m	Fuck him. What's the next one say?
HOLDEN	m	"Bluntman and Chronic is the worst  comic I ever read. Jay and Silent  Bob are stupid characters. A couple  of stoners who spout dumb-ass  catchphrases like a third-rate Cheech  and Chong or Bill and Ted. Fuck Jay  and Silent Bob. Fuck them up their  stupid asses."
JAY	m	Who the fuck said that shit?!
HOLDEN	m	A guy who calls himself "Magnolia- Fan."  Check out what the guy after  him said: "Jay and Silent Bob are  terrible, one-note jokes that only  stoners laugh at.  They're fucking  clown shoes. If they were real, I'd  beat the shit out of them for being  so stupid. I can't believe Miramax  would have anything to so with this  shit. I, for one, will be boycotting  this movie. Who's with me?" And then there are about fifty more  posts from people who agree to join  Spartacus-here's boycott of the flick.
JAY	m	I'm gonna kill all these fucks--
HOLDEN	m	Ah, let it go. Number one, they're a  bunch of jealous little dicks who  use the anonymity of the Net to insult  people who're doing what they wish  they were doing, and number two,  they're not really talking about you  guys--they talking about Bluntman  and Chronic.
JAY	m	But they said Jay and Silent Bob!  They used our real names. It doesn't  matter that there's a comic book  version of us and a real version,  'cause nobody knows we're real in  real life.
HOLDEN	m	Really.
JAY	m	Yeah! And all these people who read  that shit think the real Jay and  Silent Bob are a couple of faggots  'cause of that all these dicks are  writing about the comic book Jay and  Silent Bob! And maybe one night, me  and Lunchbox'll be macking some bitch,  and she'll be like "Oooo! I want to  suck youse guys dicks off. What's  your names?"  And I'll be like, "Jay  and Silent Bob." And she'll be like,  "Oh--I read on the Internet that  youse guys were little fucking  jerkoffs."  And then she goes and  sucks two other guys's dicks off  instead! Well fuck that!  We gotta  put a stop to these hateful sonsa- bitches before they ruin our good  names!
HOLDEN	m	First off, I don't know how good  your names really are. Secondly,  there's not much you can do about  stopping this bile. The Internet's  given everyone in America a voice,  and everyone in American has chosen  to use that voice to bitch about  movies. As long as there's a Bluntman  and Chronic movie, the Net-nerds are  gonna have something negative to say  about it.  Jay steams, thinking.  Then, a light dawns on him.
JAY	m	But wait a second--if there wasn't a  Bluntman and Chronic movie, then no  one would be saying shit about Jay  and Silent Bob, right?
HOLDEN	m	They're not saying anything about  you now--they're talking about  fictional characters!
JAY	m	So all we gotta do is stop 'em from  making the movie!
HOLDEN	m	Yeah, and kiss-off the hundreds of  thousands of dollars in royalties  you're due in the process. Are you  fucking retarded? Look, I'm probably  not alone in the opinion that this  flick is the worst idea since Greedo  shooting first. I mean, a Jay and  Silent Bob movie? Who would pay to  see that?
HOLDEN	m	But since it is happening, you might  as well just ignore the idiots on  the Internet, go find Banky, and get  your "motherfucking movie check." As  you so succinctly put it. That's  what's important here.
JAY	m	No, Holden McNeil--what's important  here is that there's a bunch of  motherfuckers we don't even know  calling us assholes on the Internet  to a bunch of teenagers and guys who  can't even get laid. Putting a stop  to that is the most important thing  we could ever do. When did it say they're making that  movie?
HOLDEN	m	They start this Friday.
JAY	m	So if today's Tuesday, that gives us-- Eight days.
HOLDEN	m	It's more like three days.
JAY	m	Right. Three days to stop that stupid  fucking movie from getting made!  C'mon, Silent Bob--
JAY	m	We're going to Hollywood.
HOLDEN	m	Now that's what I call the Blunt  leading the Blunt.
JAY	m	Tickets? Since when did they start  charging for the bus?
JAY	m	Didn't we used to ride that shit to  school every day for free?
JAY	m	We in Hollywood yet?
DRIVER	m	It's a three--day ride to Los Angeles,  sir. We left twenty minutes ago.
JAY	m	I didn't ask you about Los Angeles.  I asked you about Hollywood.
DRIVER	m	Hollywood's in Los Angeles, sir.
JAY	m	Don't change the subject! Are we in  Hollywood yet or not?
DRIVER	m	Please sit down, sir.
JAY	m	Why don't you take your seat Ralph  Kramden--
JAY	m	I'm fucking bored, man. There ain't  shit to so on this bus.
JAY	m	I already did that. Twice.
JAY	m	Yo, Gretzky--lemme get a turn.
CHILD	m	Leave me alone, little kid.
JAY	m	That fuck called me a little kid and  gave me the finger! Go kick his ass!
JAY	m	You're my muscle, ain'tcha?
JAY	m	So go open a can of whup-ass on that  little fuck, and get me his game!
JAY	m	You're one tough motherfucker, you  know that?
PASSENGER	m	They been in there going on half an  hour now! Two of them! Doing God  knows what!
DRIVER	m	This bus isn't moving another inch  unless you clear out of there right  now!
DRIVER	m	DO YOU HEAR ME?! OPEN THIS DOOR!
JAY	m	Um--I think something's burning back  here.
JAY	m	The whole fucking world's against  us, dude. I swear to God.
JAY	m	This sucks balls, man. How come we  ain't getting no rides?
VOICE	m	'Cause you're doing it all wrong.
GUY	m	You gotta induce the drivers a little.
JAY	m	Like how?
GUY	m	Like this.
JAY	m	Yeah, but what happens when you get  in the car, and you don't make with  the head? Don't they kick your ass  to the curb?
GUY	m	Sure--if you don't make with the  head.
JAY	m	Eww! You eat the cock?!?
GUY	m	Yeah. If it'll get me a few hundred  miles across country. I'll take a  shot in the mouth.
JAY	m	Yeah, but we ain't gay.
GUY	m	Well, neither am I. But have you  seen the price of bus tickets lately?  Shit--I don't wanna cough up two  hundred bucks just to get to Chicago.
JAY	m	Well, I don't wanna cough up some  dude's sperm!
GUY	m	Don't be so suburban--this is the  new millennium. Gay, straight--it's  all the same now. There're no more  lines.
JAY	m	There's one. On this side of it, we  ain't gay.
GUY	m	All hitchers do this. Why do you  think people pick us up? If you get  a ride, it's expected--I don't care  who the driver is. It's the first  rule in the Book.
JAY	m	What book?
GUY	m	The unwritten Book of the Road.
GUY	m	Follow the rules of the Book, and  you'll get where you're going in no  time.  Excuse me.
NUN	f	You two boys need a ride?
NUN	f	You both don't have to sit back there.  One of you can sit up here with me.
NUN	f	So where are you boys from?
JAY	m	New Jersey.
NUN	f	What brings you to Indiana?
JAY	m	We're going to Hollywood.
NUN	f	Hollywood, hunh? That's a long ways  away.
JAY	m	Yeah--we're lucky you picked us up.
NUN	f	Well, do unto others. That's what  the Book says.
JAY	m	Wait a minute--you follow the Book,  too?
NUN	f	I live my life by it.
JAY	m	Really? You?
NUN	f	Of course. You know how lonely it  gets on the road? Thanks to the Book,  I'm never alone--if you know what I  mean.
JAY	m	I guess. This guy back there explained  it to us. But I didn't think you'd  be into that.
NUN	f	Are you kidding? I've dedicated my  life to it. Every hour of every day.
JAY	m	Shit--you nuns are alright.
NUN	f	You live by the Book, too?
JAY	m	You picked us up, didn't you? I gotta.
NUN	f	That's good to hear. But it takes  deed, not words. It's a lot easier  to say you live by the Book than to  actually do it. Can you do it?
JAY	m	You want me to do it right now?
NUN	f	No time like the present, right?
JAY	m	Alright. You hear that? She's not a Catholic.  She's a Presbyterian.
JAY	m	Dude--she had seventies bush.
JAY	m	I can't believe this shit. Five hours  and not a single ride. Every day,  millions of people hitch to Hollywood  and stop studios from making movies  about 'em. But when you and me try  it, it's like we're trapped in a  fucking cartoon!
JAY	m	Zoinks, yo
GUY	m	And now we can finally solve the  mystery of the Hitchhiking Ghouls!  Pull off their masks and let's see  who they really are!
BOOKISH	f	I don't think they are masks.
BEAUTY	f	I don't think they're Hitchhiking  Girls either.
BOOKISH	f	Ghouls, you fucking moron. Not Girls. Though I wish they were hitchhiking  girls. Sexy, skimpily clad hitchhiking girls--
GUY	m	Let's kick them out. We've got a  mystery to solve.
DUDE	m	The only mystery here is why we take  our cues from a dick in a neckerchief!
GUY	m	Keep it up, Beatnik! I'll feed you  to the fucking dog!
JAY	m	YO!
JAY	m	Youse guys need to turn those frowns  upside down! And we got just the  thing for that. We call them Doobie Snax.
GREAT DANE	m	Ri, Ray rand Rirent Rob
JAY	m	Look at his fuckin' lipstick!!! He's  got a stoner-boner!!!
BEAUTY	f	I think they passed out.
GUY	m	Great. What do we do with them now?
DUDE	m	Let's cut out their kidneys to sell  on the black market and leave them  in a seedy motel bathtub full of  ice.
BOOKISH	f	Oh God, not again?
JAY	m	Holy shit, I had a horrible dream. Yo, I'm hungry. Where can we get  some breakfast?
JAY	m	Yo--check that shit out: the Internet.  Let's see if those fucks said  something new about us and that stupid  flick.
JAY	m	"Any movie based on Jay and Silent  Bob is gonna lick balls, because  they both, in fact, lick balls. Namely  each other's."
JAY	m	Eww. "Yes--they are real people. Real  stupid people. Signed, Darth Randal." Motherfucker! It's time we wrote  something back! Type this shit down.
JAY	m	All you motherfuckers are gonna pay.  You are the ones who are the ball- lickers.  We're gonna fuck your  mothers whole you watch and cry like  little bitches. Once we get to  Hollywood and find those Miramax  fucks who are making the movie, we're  gonna make 'em eat our shit, then  shit our shit, then eat their shit  which is made of our shit that we  made 'em eat. Then all you  motherfuckers are next.  Love, Jay  and Silent Bob.
JAY	m	That'll fucking show 'em. Now we eat  our Egga-Mooby-Muffins, then get  back on the road, get to Hollywood,  and stop that fucking movie from  getting made. No more hairy-bush  nuns, no more dogs. We keep our eye  on the prize, and not let nothing-- and I mean NOTHING--distract me.
GIRL	f	Oh my God. Do you get free refills  with that?
JAY	m	Oh, what--this? I just wear this for  protection. You know--so no guys try  to grab my shit.
GIRL	f	Hi. I'm Justice.
JAY	m	And I am so fucking yours--
JAY	m	I mean hi. I'm Jay. And this is my  hereto life-mate, Silent Bob.
JUSTICE	m	It's nice to meet you.
JAY	m	Justice, hunh? That's a nice name. Jay'n'Justice, sitting in a tree. F-
JUSTICE	m	Oh, I'm not from around here. My  friends and I are taking a road trip,  and we just stopped to grab something  to eat.
JAY	m	Your friends, hunh? Where they at?
JUSTICE	m	Out there. By that van.
JAY	m	Dude--I think I just filled the cup.
JAY	m	Ladies, ladies, ladies! Jay and Silent  Bob are in the Hizz-ouse!!!
SISSY	f	Who the fuck are these guys?
JUSTICE	m	This is Jay and Silent Bob. Guys, this is Sissy, Missy, and  Chrissy.
CHRISSY	f	Where the fuck did they come from?
JUSTICE	m	I met 'em inside. They're gonna hitch  a ride.
SISSY	f	I don't know if that's such a great  idea. Jussy.
JAY	m	Sure it is, Juggs.
MISSY	f	Oh my god--he just called Sissy  "Juggs"!
CHRISSY	f	I'm on it.
JUSTICE	m	Chrissy, no!
SISSY	f	We're in the middle of suburbia,  Chrissy. Let's try to act like it.
CHRISSY	f	And what-stupid ass little foul- mouthed bitch-boys don't get their  balls cut off in suburbia?
JAY	m	What's with the knife? We having  cake or something?
CHRISSY	f	Holy shit--he's retarded, to boot.
JAY	m	Yo--she called you retarded.
SISSY	f	What's wrong with you, Justice? You  do remember where we're going, don't  you?
MISSY	f	That we do have a job to do?
JUSTICE	m	They're just gonna tag along for a  few miles. They won't get in the  way, I promise. Please?
SISSY	f	Fine--they can ride with us. But  they're so out of here before we get  to Boulder.
JUSTICE	m	Honest Injun.
CHRISSY	f	"Honest Injun"? I can't believe what a pushover you  are.
JAY	m	And I can't believe fine-ass bitches  like yourselves eat that shit. Don't  you know fast food makes girls fart?
BRENT	m	Say--what's all this talk about  farting?
SISSY/CHRISSY/MISSY	f	Hi Brent!
SISSY	f	This is Brent. He's with us, too.
CHRISSY	f	Brent, tell these sillies that girls  don't fart.
BRENT	m	Of course they don't! Only skeevy  stoners fart.
BRENT	m	What up, homies? Wow, Three guys, four girls-- What's the count boys?
BRENT	m	Hey there mister science-guy. Don't  spray that aerosol in my eye. For I  don't really want to die. I'm a noble  rabbit!
JAY	m	What're you guys, like a cover band  or something?
SISSY	f	We're the Kansas State chapter of  S.A.A.C.--Students Against Animal  Cruelty.
CHRISSY	f	And we're on our way to Colorado to  give Provasik a piece of our minds!
JAY	m	What the fuck are you bitches babbling  about?
BRENT	m	Hey! Watch the language little boy.  There are females present.
JUSTICE	m	Provasik Pharmaceuticals is a medical  lab where they perform gross  experiments on animals.
JAY	m	So, what kind of animals are we  talking about here--like bears and  rhinos?
BRENT	m	No--more like rabbits, dogs, cats...  heck, even monkeys, If we don't speak  for them, who will? Right, Jussy?
JAY	m	Hey, uh--Brent? Can I talk to you  over here for a second?
JAY	m	Be honest, yo--you're down with this  for the fine-ass pussy, right?
BRENT	m	I'm down with this because I love  animals, stupid.
JAY	m	Even sheep?
BRENT	m	Of course. Sheep are beautiful  creatures.
JAY	m	They are beautiful, aren't they?
BRENT	m	Oh God, yes.
JAY	m	So then you'd fuck a sheep?
BRENT	m	What is your damage little boy? You've  got a sick and twisted world  perspective.
JAY	m	No, you misunderstand me, Prince  Valiant. I mean if you were another  sheep.  Would you fuck a sheep if  you were another sheep?
BRENT	m	I--suppose so.
JAY	m	That's what I thought.
JAY	m	YA DIRTY SHEEP FUCKER!!!
CHRISSY	f	What the fuck are we gonna do now?
SISSY	f	Shut up, I'm thinking.
JAY	m	Is Hollywood near where we're going?
JUSTICE	m	Is that where you guys are from?
JAY	m	Ch'yeah, right. Jersey represent!
JUSTICE	m	Oh, a Jersey Boy. What brings you  all the way out here?
JAY	m	Well, we couldn't hang in front of  the Quick Stop no more, 'cause of  the strainen-en order, which sucks  ass 'cause it's been like our home  since we were kids. Silent Bob even  busted his cherry there.
JUSTICE	m	You did? I'll bet she was a lucky  girl.
JAY	m	Look, fuck that fat fuck--I'm trying  to tell a story here.
JUSTICE	m	Sorry.
JAY	m	Anyway, we were talking to Brodie  and he said there's gonna be a  Bluntman and Chronic movie. So we  went to see Holden McNeil, and he  showed us the Internet, and that's  where we found all these fucking  little jerkoffs were saying shit  about us. So we decided to go to  Hollywood and stop the movie from  getting made.  And now we're here.
JUSTICE	m	Wow. I have no idea what you just  said.
JAY	m	Yeah, I get that a lot. So you like  animals, huh?
JUSTICE	m	Sure.
JAY	m	That's cool. Even snakes?
JUSTICE	m	You can't exclude an animal just  because it's not cuddly. Of course I  like snakes.
JAY	m	How about trouser snakes?
JUSTICE	m	What's a trouser snake?
JAY DEVIL	m	What the fuck are you waiting for?  She went for the setup! Reach in  your fucking pants, and pull yer  cock out, bitch! That's the kinda  shit girls like!
JAY DEVIL 2	m	Right about here's where the angel's  supposed to show up and tell you not  to pull your dick out. But we bitch- slapped that little fuck and sent  him packing, so it's smooth sailing.  Let 'er rip, boy!
JAY ANGEL	m	Sorry I'm late. So what's the deal  here? Oh, shit--you're not thinking of  whipping your dick out at this fine  piece of woman, are you?
JAY ANGEL	m	Tell you what: look at Silent Bob.  See if he thinks it's a good idea to  whip your dick out.
JAY ANGEL	m	That's it, boy--put the dick down.  You gotta go from the heart, yo. No  little perv bullshit will do for  this one. Be smooth. Be Don Juan de  la Nootch. Now I gotta go beat the  shit out of two suckerpunching little  bitches. Remember--don't pull your  dick out until she asks you to. Or until she sleeping. Bunnnnggg!   The Jay Angel blinks away. Justice  looks at Jay, a bit confused.
JAY	m	Don't ask. So, uh--what can a pimp-daddy like  me do to help the animals?
JUSTICE	m	You really don't want to help us--
JAY	m	What the fuck are you talking about?  Sure I do. I'd do anything for you.
JAY	m	I mean, youse guys! I'd do anything  for youse guys. For the lift and  shit.
JUSTICE	m	You sure?
JAY	m	Sure, I'm sure. I said it, didn't I.  Fuck
JUSTICE	m	Well--okay. Let me talk it over with  the other girls and get back to you.
JAY	m	You do that.
JAY	m	I'll be right here.
JAY	m	Fuck you. Fatty.
JUSTICE	m	You guys want anything from inside?
JAY	m	No, we're cool, thanks hon.
JAY	m	It just ain't the same, is it? This  place licks balls compared to Quick  Stop.
JAY	m	And speaking of licking balls--how  'bout that Justice chick? She is too  fine.  And she smells so fucking  pretty. She's got a nice voice, too.  And that body?  Smoking. You know,  she never once said "fuck off," when  I was talking to her, or pulled out  the pepper spray, or nothing. I tell  ya, Lunchbox--she could be the one.
MISSY	f	Smooth move, Justice.
CHRISSY	f	Nice going, Four Eyes!
JUSTICE	m	Ow!
SISSY	f	Why the fuck did you let that little  stoner throw Brent our of the van?!
JUSTICE	m	Oh please--if I had to listen to one  more of those stupid songs, I was  going to throw him out myself.
SISSY	f	We needed Brent, Justice! He was our  patsy!
JUSTICE	m	We'll find someone else. Besides, I  didn't see you trying to stop Jay  from throwing him out.
SISSY	f	Because I didn't want to blow our  cover!
JUSTICE	m	Cover, shmover--you all hated his  songs, too.
CHRISSY	f	Not as much as I hate you.
CHRISSY	f	Fuck, if I don't get to kill someone  soon, I'm gonna--fucking kill someone!
SISSY	f	Don't mind Chrissy. She's just a  little too wound for sound.
CHRISSY	f	Then how about you help me take the  edge off?
JUSTICE	m	They're really good friends.
JUSTICE	m	They already do--she's the milkmaid,  and she's the cow.
CHRISSY	f	Oh, I'm a cow, am I?  I'm a mad cow,  bitch. And now I'm gonna rip your  head off and fuck your spine stump.
SISSY	f	Enough! We have a very simple gang here,  Justice. I'm the brains, Chrissy's  the brawn, and Missy's the tech-girl.  But lately, I'm having a hard time  figuring out what you're doing here.
JUSTICE	m	That makes two of us.
CHRISSY	f	Shit--your name doesn't even fit the  rhyme scheme.
JUSTICE	m	That's because very few names rhyme  with "douchebag."
CHRISSY	f	You're dancing on my last nerve,  Strawberry Shortcake. You deal with the weak link. I'm  gonna take Missy into the dirty  convenience store bathroom and hate- fuck the shit out of her.
JUSTICE	m	And you said letting them read all  that Anais Nin wouldn't amount to  anything.
SISSY	f	Don't change the subject. You know  what you have to do now, right? Since  you let our patsy slip away, you've  gotta convince the little kid and  that fat guy to take his place.  They've gotta break into Provasik  now.
JUSTICE	m	Uh-uh!
SISSY	f	Uh-huh. You'll do it; or you're out  of this gang. Just use the little  one's crush to convince him, since  he's so fucking in love with you.
JUSTICE	m	Jay? No he's not.
SISSY	f	What--am I blind? He wasn't kissing  your hand back in the van like he  was fucking Lord Byron?
JUSTICE	m	Well, maybe he was just raised with  manners.
SISSY	f	You're the one that brought the kid  in, Jussy. So you've gotta make  amends.
JUSTICE	m	Jay is not taking Brent's place as  the patsy.
SISSY	f	That kid and his quite friend are  our only options at this point. Now  we got about two hours before we get  to Boulder. That gives you plenty of  of time to work on him.
JUSTICE	m	I'm not gonna do it.
SISSY	f	Why the fuck not?
JUSTICE	m	Because he's just to so innocent!
JUSTICE	m	Look at him--
JAY	m	I'm gonna finger-fuck her tight little  asshole! Finger-bang and tea-bang my  balls--in her mouth! Where? Where?  In her mouth--balls-a-plenty in her  mouth!  Balls, balls, sweaty balls--
SISSY	f	Who's it going to be, Jussy--him or  us?
JAY	m	Steal a monkey? Shit--no problem.
JUSTICE	m	It's not really stealing--it's  liberating it, and-- Wait a second--did you say, "No  problem"?
JAY	m	Yeah, Fuck--we steal monkeys all the  time. Right, Lunchbox?
JUSTICE	m	It's not like it's a bad thing. It's  for a good cause.
JAY	m	Oh, it for the best cause, mon cheri-- The cause of love. Snoogans--
JUSTICE	m	What the heck is that?
JAY	m	What's what?
JUSTICE	m	"Snoogans," I believe it was.
JAY	m	What the fuck do you think it means?  It means "I'm kidding."
JUSTICE	m	Ohhh. Well, that's too bad.
JAY	m	I can't believe I'm gonna get some  pussy for stealing a monkey! If I'd known it was that easy, I'd've  been stealing monkeys since I was  like seven and shit.
JAY	m	Don't, motherfucker. Don't you ruin  this for me. Me and Justice are gonna  get married one day, so don't be  giving me that "we-ain't-stealing-no- monkey" look.  I'm Morris Day; you're  Jerome, bitch. Don't forget that.  That girl? That girl's in love with  me.
JUSTICE	m	They're gonna do it.
SISSY	f	Good. They do their part-- And we'll do ours.
JUSTICE	m	Remember--we meet back here when  you're done. You sure you're okay  with this?
JAY	m	As sure as I am that you're the  hottest bitch I ever seen.
JAY	m	What's twisting that bitch's tits?
JUSTICE	m	Maybe it's because women don't like  to be called "bitches," Jay.
JAY	m	They don't? Well how 'bout "piece of  ass"?
JUSTICE	m	How about not.
JAY	m	Well, what the fuck am I supposed to  call you, then?
JUSTICE	m	Something sweet, you big goof.  Something nice.
JAY	m	Boo-boo kitty fuck.
JUSTICE	m	Okay.  That's a start.
SISSY	f	Jay, before you go, could you say  something into the camera about the  clitoris.
JAY	m	What?
JUSTICE	m	Man you are such a bitch--
SISSY	f	She's just a little embarrassed.  See, Jussy and I are putting together  this documentary for our Human  Sexuality class, and we need a male  perspective on the clitoris.
JAY	m	The female clitoris?
SISSY	f	Uh--yeah.
JUSTICE	m	Jay, you don't have to do this.
JAY	m	Nah, it's cool, hon. There's a few  things I can say about the clit that  I's like you to hear. I am the master of the clit! I make  that shit work! It does what ever  the fuck I tell it to do!  No one  rules the clit like me! Not this little fuck! None of you  little fucks out there! I am the  clit commander!!! Remember that-- commander of all clits!
SISSY	f	Awesome. Knock 'em dead, Tiger.
JAY	m	So--can I get a little kiss for good  luck?
JAY	m	So--can I get a little blow job for  good luck?
SISSY	f	Jussy. C'mon.
SISSY	f	Hey, Lover-girl. You cock-block my  authority again, you lose your fucking  fronts, you got that?
JUSTICE	m	Yes, sir.
SISSY	f	Phase One, down. While we're executing  Phase Two, you edit that tape and  grab a new car.
MISSY	f	No sweat.
SISSY	f	Let's suit up.
JAY	m	You fat fuck--
SISSY	f	They in?
MISSY	f	You can say that.
SISSY	f	Time to shine. Let's go.
JUSTICE	m	You are so gay.
SISSY	f	Once we're inside, I want complete  silence. Missy whipped this up. It counts our  decibel level. If it goes into the  red--alarm, we're dead. So not even  the slightest noise, got it?
SISSY	f	Justice! Move your ass!
JAY	m	Stay frosty, you big fucking softie.  We've got a job to do.
JAY	m	Check this out, Lunchbox. Animal  tranquilizer. This shit fucks you up  like Percocets!
JAY	m	Hold this. Later, me and Justice can  shoot each other with it and fuck  like stoned test bunnies. Bunnggg.
JAY	m	"Suzanne." Boo-yah.
CHRISSY	f	Holy fuck--the little stoner was  right--
CHRISSY	f	Boom Box!
SISSY	f	I can't believe it. Months of planning  and it's all blown by a fucking fart.
JUSTICE	m	We can't just leave them like this!  That alarm's gonna bring the cops  here any minute!
SISSY	f	That was always the plan, Justice!  They take the heat off of is long  enough until we can get out of town!
CHRISSY	f	Kaboom, you little stoner fucks.
CHRISSY	f	It's set. Let's roll.
JAY	m	What the fuck are you looking at?  There ain't no snacks here, man! Now  we got what we came for, so let's  get the fuck out!
JAY	m	Yeah, it's sad! But what the fuck  are we supposed to do about it?
JUSTICE	m	JUSTICE! OPEN THE DOORS!
JAY	m	Oh shit--
COP	m	DROP THE BAG! BEFORE THIS THING TURNS
JAY	m	Justice--
JAY	m	JUUUSSSTTTTIIIICCCCEEEE!!!!!!
DEPUTY	m	Oh, fudge... Marshal Willenholly!
WILLENHOLLY	?	Yeah, you chug that ass-cock baby-- It takes two hands to hold doesn't  it--?  Uhhh--
WILLENHOLLY	?	WHAT?! WHAT?! I'M READING!
DEPUTY	m	Sir, we got a report of a break-in  at Provasik Pharmaceuticals' testing  lab.
WILLENHOLLY	?	Have you read this article on the  mule-suckers in Tijuana? Good God, I  wish that was in our jurisdiction-- I'd shut down every last one of those  ass-cock chuggers, personally.
WILLENHOLLY	?	What? "Ass" means "donkey."
DEPUTY	m	Yes, sir.
WILLENHOLLY	?	Boulder, hunh? Well, gas up the jet.
DEPUTY	m	We don't have a jet, sir. And  Boulder's only ten minutes away.
WILLENHOLLY	?	Then gas up the next best thing.
WILLENHOLLY	?	My, oh my, oh my. Who let the cats  out? Wait--is that right?
COP 1	m	Excuse me--who the hell are you?
WILLENHOLLY	?	Federal Wildlife Marshal. This  investigation is now under my  jurisdiction.
COP 1	m	Oh really? And why is that?
WILLENHOLLY	?	Because someone let a whole mess of  animals out of their cages, sir.
COP 1	m	Well, we believe that was just a  diversionary tactic used to call  attention away from the real heist  over here at the Diamond Exchange.
WILLENHOLLY	?	Yeah, right. That's a believable  scenario. It sounds more like  something out of a bad movie.
COP 2	m	Sir, the Provasik people say they've  rounded all their animals up, except  for one: an orangutan.
WILLENHOLLY	?	Listen up, ladies and gentlemen! Our  fugitive has been on the run for 6  hours!  Average simian foot speed  over uneven ground--barring injuries  or preoccupation with tire tubes,  mites or bananas--is four miles an  hour. That gives us a radius of twenty  miles.
COP 3	m	Twenty-four, sir!
WILLENHOLLY	?	What?
COP 3	m	Six hours times four miles an hour  is twenty-four.
WILLENHOLLY	?	Yes. Yes, you're right. My bad. Twenty- four miles. Now what I want out of  all of you is a hard target search.
COP 4	m	Excuse me, sir?
WILLENHOLLY	?	Yeah?
COP 4	m	What does that mean, exactly--a "hard  target search"? What's a "hard  target"?
WILLENHOLLY	?	Well. It's--a target--that's--hard.  Anyway--
COP 4	m	So are you referring to the search's  level of difficulty? Or is the hard  target the monkey?
COP 3	m	Or the people who stole the monkey?
WILLENHOLLY	?	Okay, how about this? What I want  out of all of you is a thorough search  of every gas station, residence,  warehouse, farmhouse, henhouse,  outhouse, and doghouse in that area!  Checkpoints go up at fifteen miles!
COP 1	m	Wouldn't it make sense to put them  up at every twenty-four miles--seeing  as that's how far they'd have gotten  in the last six hours?
WILLENHOLLY	?	This is so frustrating. It's just so  hard sometimes--
COP 5	m	Sir, this was just delivered to the  station.
WILLENHOLLY	?	What is it?
COP 5	m	It's a tape from the terrorists who're  claiming credit for the break-in.
WILLENHOLLY	?	Is it VHS or Beta? You know what-- never mind. Do you have a VCR?
WILLENHOLLY	?	Oh my God-- Have the jet gassed up and ready to  go at a moment's notice.
COP	m	Sir, we don't have a jet; just a  helicopter.
WILLENHOLLY	?	Doesn't anybody have a jet anymore? Plafsky? It is Willenholly. You gotta  get me on the national news, pronto.  Why?!  Because we may very well be  dealing with the two most dangerous  men on the planet!
JAY	m	This is Jussy's monkey
JAY	m	Do something. Tons of Fun!
JAY	m	Is that fucking thing waving at us?
JAY	m	Holy shit? That monkey understood  us! Maybe it's some sort of super- monkey!
JAY	m	What the fuck was that for? It's not  a stupid idea! I seen it in Congo?
JAY	m	You're my bitch. You get my back.  Don't go joining this chimp's side.
JAY	m	Yo--what if there's more super monkeys  up in the lab? Maybe they're making  an army of 'em up there! Holy shit!  Maybe it's a conspiracy--like on the  X-Files Roswell--style!
JAY	m	Working in secret with a crew of  double-dealing, nicotine-fiending  fucks that're selling out the human  race, these supermonkeys will use  simian science and their genius IQ's  to make man and monkey alike believe  that they're the superior species!
JAY	m	Then all it'll take is one little  monkey in a spiffy suit to whip the  dumber chimps into a frenzy, until  they go all ape-shit and start  demanding more bananas, better pay,  and human flesh!
JAY	m	You'll have to be faster than Walt  Flanagan's Dog to outrun the warrior  gorillas, who hunt humans for sport,  profit, and the occasional inter- species blow-job. And if you don't  wind up with a monkey hog in your  mouth, you'll be captured, killed or  worse...
JAY	m	Eaten alive!
JAY	m	Then these monkey fucks'll start  wearing our clothes and rebuilding  the world in their image.
JAY	m	And only those who outwit those damn  dirty apes'll ever remember that it  was MAN who once ruled the earth!
JAY	m	Not on my watch, motherfucker!
JAY	m	DIE, YOU SUPER-MONKEY FUCK! DIE!!!
JAY	m	Alright--you can live. For now.
JAY	m	You see that? Bitches love me. Besides--we're in the fucking clear,  yo. It's not like anyone knows we  stole the monkey.
ANCHORMAN	m	I'm Reg Hartner and this is a News  Now bulletin. A Provasik animal  testing facility in boulder was the  focus of an attack by a terroristic  primate rescue syndicate calling  themselves the Coalition for  Liberation of Itinerant Tree-Dwellers.  Or simply, C.L.I.T.
ANCHORMAN	m	In a videotape sent to authorities  this morning, credit for the  liberation of an orangutan from the  lab last night is taken by these men--
ANCHORMAN	m	--identified in literature that  accompanies the tape as Jay and Silent  Bob. In this chilling clip, they  make it very clear that they are in  control of the C.L.I.T.
DIGITIZED VOICE	m	We are the C.L.I.T. None of you are  safe. Now tremble before the might  of our merciless leader.
JAY	m	I AM THE CLIT COMMANDER!!!
ANCHORMAN	m	Terrifying. Here to help us understand  this footage is Federal Wildlife  Marshal Willenholly.
ANCHORMAN	m	Marshal, what can you tell us about  the C.L.I.T.?
WILLENHOLLY	?	From the intelligence we've been  able to gather, we've discovered  that the C.L.I.T. is a tiny offshoot  of the L.A.B.I.A.
ANCHORMAN	m	The Liberate Apes Before Imprisoning  Apes movement.
WILLENHOLLY	?	Exactly. The men you saw in the video  are believed to be the masterminds  responsible for the frenzied C.L.I.T.  activity last night. They go by the  obvious code names "Jay" and "Silent  Bob." If you should come across them or  any other C.L.I.T.-ies, please-- exercise extreme caution.
ANCHORMAN	m	Marshal, how do you respond to  allegations that Federal Wildlife  Marshal's Office allowed the C.L.I.T.  to slip through their fingers?
WILLENHOLLY	?	Nonsense. We're all over the C.L.I.T.,  Reg.
HOLDEN	m	Nights like this, I miss dating a  lesbian.
ANCHORMAN	m	Is there also speculation that Jay  and Silent bob may be responsible  for the Diamond Exchange jewel heist  that occurred in the same vicinity  of downtown Boulder last night?
WILLENHOLLY	?	There's nothing to suggest that, no.  But these men are still to be  considered very dangerous.
RANDAL	m	I told you that restraining order  was a good idea.
ANCHORMAN	m	Is that your cell phone?
WILLENHOLLY	?	Yes, Excuse me. Federal Wildlife Marshal. I'm on my  way! We got 'em. They're in Utah. Citizens of Utah--steer clear of the  C.L.I.T. Stimulation of the C.L.I.T.  is not recommended.
JUSTICE	m	Your tape worked. The news is all  about Jay and Silent Bob's Provasik  break-in, with almost no mention of  the Diamond heist.
SISSY	f	I told you those two were the perfect  patsies. Now we lay low for awhile-- just in case--and start planning the  next job.
JUSTICE	m	Don't you feel any regret? Jay and  Bob don't deserve this. They were  really sweet.
CHRISSY	f	The only thing I regret is not gutting  that little trout-mouthed prick like  a fish and playing Twister with his  vitals.
MISSY	f	You are so nasty.
CHRISSY	f	I'll show you nasty, you little slut.
SISSY	f	Would you two get a room?
CHRISSY	f	Fine--we'll take yours. I am gonna stain your sheets, bi- otch.
SISSY	f	Sarah Lawrence girls. Go figure.
JUSTICE	m	They're your gang.
SISSY	f	Oh and not yours? You know, I don't  get you, Justice. You used to be all  about the girl stuff: stealing,  boning, blowing shit up. Now you're  like this little priss with a  conscience. It's really a fucking  drag.
JUSTICE	m	We all gotta grow up some time.
SISSY	f	If moping around over some little  boy you're crushing on is being grown- up, then pass me my Wonder Woman  underoos.
JUSTICE	m	Don't you feel the least bit of guilt  for what we did to those guys?
SISSY	f	Awww. Does Jussy-wussy feel all dirty  about setting up her boyfriend? Then  how about taking a shower?
PIZZA DELIVERY GUY	m	You the gals that ordered the pizzas?
SISSY	f	This dopey bitch ordered the large  plain, but I could go for some hot,  thick, Sicilian.
PIZZA DELIVERY GUY	m	No charge, lady.  He rushes into the  motel, Justice sighs, looking up at  the stars.
JUSTICE	m	I'm sorry, Jay.
JAY	m	You know, Justice died trying to  save this monkey, so maybe we should  keep her around. That way, we can  honor her memory.
JAY	m	Look at you Tubby Bitches. I'm waxing  all sentimental, and you're all about  a fucking meal and shit. Now ain't  you glad we stopped to eat?  And you  were all piss-scared the cops'd bust  us or something. You know what I  say?
JAY	m	You think they're talking to us?
SHERIFF	m	YOU HAVE SIXTY SECONDS TO COMPLY.
SHERIFF	m	The ape.
WILLENHOLLY	?	What?
SHERIFF	m	An orangutan's a member of the great  ape family. It's not a monkey.
WILLENHOLLY	?	Look, who's the Federal Wildlife  Marshal here?
JAY	m	What the fuck are you waiting for?  Go out there and give 'em the monkey.
JAY	m	Oh, what, man? I said that shit before  I knew they were gonna shoot us!   Yes--Jussy was a hottie, but I ain't  takin' no bullet for no monkey!
JAY	m	Oh, brother--this is like something  out of fucking Benji! Look man, maybe  it's not that bad back at the lab!  Maybe they experiment on 'em by,  like making 'em fuck a bunch of  different, good-looking monkeys. We  don't know! Maybe they got it real  sweet!
JAY	m	You stay out of this, you weepy little  chimp! Fuck man, I ain't no strategist!  You're the guy that makes the  blueprints! I don't even have the  fucking smarts of a little--
JAY	m	--kid
WILLENHOLLY	?	ANYONE NOT HARBORING A FUGITIVE MONKEY
JAY	m	Don't shoot! We're just trying to  take our son out of this hostile  environment!
SHERIFF	m	Their "son"?
WILLENHOLLY	?	Maybe they're one of those gay  couples?
JAY	m	Yeah! We're gay! And this is our  adopted love child! We're not from  around here!  Don't make us go back  to our liberal city home with a tales  of prejudice and bigotry in the heart  of Utah! You see the shit I gotta put up with  for you! Now I got this guy thinking  I'm gay!
WILLENHOLLY	?	Oh God, this is the last thing I  need--a bunch of uppity homosexuals  shooting their mouth off in the  liberal press that the Federal  Wildlife Marshal's Office persecutes  gays.
SHERIFF	m	ARE YOU FUCKING CRAZY! THOSE TWO MAY
WILLENHOLLY	?	You see this badge?  I think I'd  recognize an ape if I saw one. And  the only thing I do recognize here  is a political fiasco I'm, going to  avoid by letting this butt-fucking  Brady Bunch go!
JAY	m	And I'll tell you another thing:  what if that guy shows up around the  stores one day and starts telling  everybody you and me are poo-gilists?  How are we gonna get any pussy then,  hunh?
WILLENHOLLY	?	YOU ARE FREE TO LEAVE, SIRS!
JAY	m	So we can just go?
WILLENHOLLY	?	Yes, sir--or ma'am. Please accept my  apologies for detaining you and your  unorthodox-but-constitutionally- protected-family unit.
SHERIFF	m	Un-fucking believable.
JAY	m	I'd like to offer a big gay thank- you, sir. We'll tell all our gay  friends that Utah is Gay friendly  country for gays who are gay.
WILLENHOLLY	?	I'm sure Utah appreciates that. You  might also want to make it clear  that the Federal Wildlife Marshal's  Office is also pro-'mo as well. And might I add, that's one fine- looking boy you're raising.
JAY	m	Well, that's 'cuz he's from my sperm.  See, I knocked up a hot woman friend  of ours who I also fuck on the side.  So as not to be all-the-way-gay. But  my tubby husband here is one hundred  percent queer. He loves the cock.
WILLENHOLLY	?	He certainly looks insatiable.
JAY	m	'Bye
WILLENHOLLY	?	'Bye
WILLENHOLLY	?	Well, it's not my way--but damned if  there doesn't go one happy family. Now, we just shoot some tear gas  into that diner, and when the two  guys run out with the monkey, we'll--
WILLENHOLLY	?	That was the them, wasn't it?
JAY	m	I said you "love the cock"! I gotta  be the craftiest motherfucker alive!
JAY	m	FLEE, FAT-ASS, FLEE!!!
JAY	m	HEAD FOR THE SEWERS!
JAY	m	Take your stinking paws off me, you  damn dirty ape!
JAY	m	You fat fuck.
JAY	m	You just--had to--order pancakes-- didn't ya?
WILLENHOLLY	?	Fire a warning shot into that bulbous  ass!
SHERIFF	m	One rectal breach, coming up!
JAY	m	SUCK IT IN! THINK THIN! THINK THIN!!!
SHERIFF	m	Open up and say "ahhhhh," you stoner  sumbitch--
SILENT BOB	m	AAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!
JAY	m	INCOMING!!!
SILENT BOB	m	AAAIIIGGGGGHHHHHHHH!!!
SUZANNE	f	OOOOOOOOO!!!
JAY	m	Just like Winnie-the-Pooh.
WILLENHOLLY	?	Wow! That was an incredibly daring  escape! You must see that a lot, hunh?
SHERIFF	m	Shut up!
WILLENHOLLY	?	Sire, you're very taciturn.
WILLENHOLLY	?	You and your men stay up here. When  I corner them, I'll call you for  back-up.
SHERIFF	m	What're you doing? They're trapped.  The only way they can get out of  there is right here.
WILLENHOLLY	?	A Federal Wildlife Marshal doesn't  wait for his prey to come to him. He  comes to it. Or goes to it. Is it  "comes to it" or "goes to it"? I'm going in there. I'm counting on  you Sheriff.
WILLENHOLLY	?	You've taught me so much.
SHERIFF	m	Fuck this asshole. Let's go back to  the station and get some donuts.
JAY	m	This reminds me of the night I fucked  your mom, yo. One big-wet, smelly,  gaping hole, and me wishing I had a  board tied to my ass--
JAY	m	--to keep from falling in.
WILLENHOLLY	?	PUT THE MONKEY DOWN AND YOUR HANDS
WILLENHOLLY	?	MISTERS, DO YOU WANNA GET SHOT?!?
JAY	m	LOOK MAN--SHE DOESN'T WANT TO GO
WILLENHOLLY	?	I DON'T CARE!
JAY	m	SURE, FOR ONE MORE RECORD--
WILLENHOLLY	?	ON YOUR KNEES!
JAY	m	See, man?! He's lining us up like  fucking circus seals! Well, I'm going  first--I don't want no mouthful of  monkey-spit when I gotta blow this  fucking G-Man.
JAY	m	GET OFFA ME!!! GET OFFA ME!!!
JAY AND BOB	m	AAAAIIIGGGGGHHHHH!!!
WILLENHOLLY	?	Oh, no--think you can pull a Peter  Pan on me?!
WILLENHOLLY	?	AAAIIIGGGGHHHHH!!!
JAY	m	HEY LAW-DOG! SEE YOU IN HELL, COCK--
JAY	m	You see that shit? Damn--remind me  not to get on the monkey's bad side.   Yo--boost her up. So we can talk, so  we can get the fuck out of here.
JAY	m	HEY! GET THE FUCK OFF HER, MAN! THAT'S
JAY	m	Man! Who the fuck just steals a  monkey?!
JAY	m	Oh yeah. Well this fucking blows! We got one  more day to stop those fucks from  making that movie, and someone goes  and takes the only thing I had left  from the one woman I ever loved enough  NOT to try to stick my hand down her  pants!
JAY	m	Go after the monkey? How the fuck  are we supposed to know where that  thing's going?
JAY	m	What? What is that supposed to mean?!  Don't just fucking point like-- You ain't the broad in the Children  of a Lesser God. Use you fucking  mouth for more than eating, ya tubby  bitch!
JAY	m	You gotta take a shit? No--you gotta  take a salad? Take a salad? What the  fuck are you trying to say?
JAY	m	JUST FUCKING SAY IT ALREADY?!?
SILENT BOB	m	THE SIGN ON THE BACK OF THE CAR SAID
JAY	m	Say it, don't spray it, bitch.
SHERIFF	m	"And might I add, that's one fine- looking boy you're raising."
SHERIFF	m	Well, if it isn't the wildlife  experts. Did you come to it or go to  it?
WILLENHOLLY	?	Do you have a microwave here, Sheriff?
SHERIFF	m	We have a toaster oven. Why?
WILLENHOLLY	?	Because I need to dry my gun out so  I can SHOOT YOU WITH IT ! TWICE!
SHERIFF	m	This might cheer you up. Your office just faxed this over.  Guy there say it's a post from an  Internet chat board, signed by a  "Jay and Silent Bob." Your man thinks  it's a lead as to where those fellas  are taking the ape.
WILLENHOLLY	?	"All you motherfuckers are gonna  pay. You are the ones who are ball- lickers.  We're gonna fuck your  mothers while you watch and cry like  little bitches. Once we get to  Hollywood--" They're going to Hollywood.
JAY	m	What? It's not like it's cheating.  Justice blew up.
HOOKER 1	m	Hey, little man. You want some of  this?
HOOKER 2	m	How about you, Big Boy?
HOOKER 1	m	If you've got fifty bucks we can get  nasty.
JAY	m	Oh yeah? How nasty?
HOOKER 2	m	As nasty as you wanna be, poppie.
JAY	m	Alright--first, I'll want to tongue  your bung while you juggle my balls  in one hand and play with my asshole  with the other. But don't stick you  finger in.  Then. I'll wanna pinky  you and put it in your friend's brown,  while Silent Bob spanks into a Dixie  cup. After that, I'll wanna smell  your titties, for a while, and you  can pull my nutsack up over my dick,  so it looks like a Bullfrog. Then I  want you to flick at my nuts while  your friend spanks me into the same  Dixie cup Silent Bob jizzed in. Then  we throw the Dixie cup out.
HOOKER 1	m	Oh, that's it honey. I quit. This job just passed the point of no  return.
HOOKER 2	m	You one fucked up puppy, poppie.
JAY	m	What?! You said 'nasty'? Man, chicks in Hollywood are so stuck  up.
JAY	m	Alright, here's the plan: first, we  find out where they're shooting that  movie at. After we shut that shit  down, we can start looking for the  monkey. But before we do any of that  shit, we gotta find a motherfucker  in the know. Someone who's like, the  mayor of Hollywood.
DEALER	m	Crack? You want some crack? Sweet- ass rock. Get you high.
JAY	m	No man, but you want some weed?
DEALER	m	You on the job?
JAY	m	Yeah, boy. Jersey Local 408.
DEALER	m	I'm Los Angeles Local 305!
DEALER	m	You guys got medical in Jersey yet?
JAY	m	Shit, no, we might have to strike in  September.
DEALER	m	Norma Rae like a motherfucker. You  gots to get your benefits, you know  what I'm saying?
JAY	m	I hear that. Yo--maybe you can help  us out. You know where they're  shooting a movie around here.
DEALER	m	You in this town and you gonna ask  that question? Be a little more  specific.
JAY	m	It's a Miramax flick. We gotta bust  it up so people stop calling us names  on the Internet, even though they're  not really talking about us but these  characters based on us, and at the  same time, find my ex-girlfriend-who- got-killed-in-a-car-explosion's  monkey.
DEALER	m	I don't know that the fuck you just  said, little kid. But you touched a  brother's heart, so I'm gonna help  you out with some directions to the  studio.
JAY	m	You know where Miramax is at?
DEALER	m	Fuck, yes. Miramax accounts for  seventy-eight percent of my business.
STEVE KMETKO	m	Is Hollywood ready for Jay and Silent  Bob?  A source at the Federal Wildlife  Marshal's Office tells us a posting  was pulled off an Internet movie  chat board that was allegedly written  by the two domestic terrorists  themselves. It's sending a shockwave  through Hollywood. Jules Asner's on  the scene at Miramax Studios, Jules?
JULES ASNER	m	Steve, the tenor of Tinseltown is  one of terror today, after the Federal  Wildlife Marshal's Office learned  that hot, new terrorists Jay and  Silent Bob are targeting Miramax  Studios for their next campaign of  blood, violence and monkey-theft. In  the posting, pulled off Movie Poop  Shoot.com, the gruesome twosome  threatened, quote-- "Once we get to Hollywood and find  those Miramax Expletive-Deleted who  are making the Bluntman and Chronic  movie, we're gonna make 'em eat our  Expletive-Deleted, then Expletive- Deleted, which is made up of our  Expletive-Deleted, then eat their  Expletive-Deleted, which is made up  of our Expletive-Deleted that we  made 'em eat. Unquote. So far, we  haven't been able to get a statement  from anyone here are the studio.
STEVE	m	Jules, word has it that Ben Affleck  and Matt Damon are on the lot,  shooting a super-secret project.  Have you seen then roaming around?
JULES	m	No, Steve. But I did see Casey Affleck  buying a soda at a concession stand  earlier.
STEVE	m	But no sign of Jay and Silent Bob?
JULES	m	None whatsoever. However, to be fair,  all the feds have to work with is  murky videotape, so no one's even a  hundred percent sure what Jay and  Silent Bob look like, exactly. For  all we know, they could already be  on the lot.
JUSTICE	m	Oh my God! Jay! No!
JUSTICE	m	Fuck it.
SISSY	f	That bitch!  That fucking, fucking  bitch!!! Get dressed. We're going after her.
CHRISSY	f	Fuck that, I didn't get to cum yet.
SISSY	f	Which is more important to you: a  fortune in diamonds or busting a  nut?
SISSY	f	Chrissy! Now!
CHRISSY	f	Fuck--
JAY	m	We gotta play this right.
JAY	m	I hate how fake Hollywood is.
SECURITY GUARD	m	Where do you think you're going?
JAY	m	GET OFFA ME! RAAAAAPE!!!
SECURITY GUARD	m	This is L.A., sir. We don't rape our  suspects in custody. We just beat  them. Echo Base, I've got a ten-o-seven  here: two unauthorizeds on the lot.  Request back-up.
VOICE	m	I thought that was a ten-eighty-two.
SECURITY GUARD	m	No, sir--a ten-eight-two is the code  for vanishing a dead hooker from Ben  Affleck's trailer.
VOICE	m	Oh, that Affleck. Backup on the way.
JAY	m	Hey! I make you a deal: this guy'll  suck your dick off if you let us go!
SECURITY GUARD	m	Contrary to what you believe, not  everyone in the movie business is  gay.
JAY	m	Well, how about this deal: he sucks  my dick while you watch and jerk  off.
SECURITY GUARD	m	Alright. But make is fast. And sexy.
JAY	m	Dude, it's either this or jail. And  you know what they make you do in  jail.
JAY	m	Well what are you waiting for, bitch?  Start sucking. Bunnggg! Alright--where they shooting this  movie at?
JAY	m	Worth a shot. Like a shot in the  mouth, you gay bitch. Eww, dude--you  were really gonna suck my dick.
A.D.	?	Alright--bar extras. Follow me.
PHONE VOICE	m	Federal Bureau of Investigation
WILLENHOLLY	?	Yes, this is Federal Wildlife Marshal  Willenholly. Can I speak with Agent  Sid Enmarty, please?
PHONE VOICE	m	One moment, please.
SPEAKER VOICE	m	Agent Enmarty? A Marshal Willenholly  calling.
AGENT SID	m	Holy shit! Yeah, put him through.
AGENT SID	m	Willenholly?
WILLENHOLLY	?	Sid? Hey, buddy. I'm calling because  I could really use your help on this  killer case I'm working.
AGENT SID	m	I'll bet, Will. What's it this time...  Beaver trouble? Some kind of  unauthorized marsupial trafficking?
WILLENHOLLY	?	No, no--nothing like that. Say--there  aren't other people listening in,  are there?
AGENT SID	m	No way, man. It's just me and you  talking here.
WILLENHOLLY	?	Good. I'm tracking a monkey down  that's on it's way to Los Angeles,  and I could use some bureau backup.
AGENT SID	m	Los Angeles, hunh? Maybe we should  stake out Clint Eastwood's place.  Didn't he used to drive around with  a monkey that'd punch people and  drink beer?
WILLENHOLLY	?	Am, uh--Am I on speaker phone?
AGENT SID	m	No way--Dunston!
WILLENHOLLY	?	Alright, now that's not fair. I know  I didn't make it as high up as you  guys, but my job's just as important.
AGENT SID	m	Calm down, Will. Don't go all...  bananas on us!
WILLENHOLLY	?	I come to you as a friend--as a fellow  professional--and this is the shit I  get?!
AGENT SID	m	You're right, Will. Tell you what-- we'll get our best man on your case  right away. You might've heard of  him. He's a doctor.
WILLENHOLLY	?	Oh, a doctor?
AGENT SID	m	His name's Doctor Zaius!
WILLENHOLLY	?	SCREW YOU GUYS!
BEN	m	Where are we taking it from, Gus?
GUS	m	I'm busy.
BEN	m	You're a true artist, Gus
MATT	m	Just take it from "It's a good  course."
BEN	m	Oh, now you're the director.
MATT	m	Hey, shove it. Bounce-boy. Let's  remember who talked who into doing  this shit in the first place. Talking  me into Dogma was one thing, but  this--
BEN	m	I'm sorry this is taking you away  from whatever-gay-killers-on-horses- who-like-to-play-golf-touchy-feely- flick you're supposed to be doing  this week.
MATT	m	Oh--I'm touchy-feely? I take it you  never saw Forces of Nature?
BEN	m	You're like a child. What've I been  telling you? Sometimes you've gotta  do the safe picture. Sometimes, you  do it for art. Sometimes, it's the  payback picture your friend says you  owe him--
BEN	m	And sometimes, you go back to the  well.
MATT	m	And sometimes, you do Reindeer Games.
BEN	m	Now that's just mean.
JAY	m	This has gotta be the Bluntman Flick,  'cause that's those two fucks from  that Mork movie! Now all we gotta do  is figure out a way to get close to  them--
A.D.	?	Just stand there and react. Don't  say anything.
JAY	m	That's pretty funny.
A.D.	?	Alright, people. Lock it up. Let's  go for picture.
JAY	m	On the count of three, we rush those  fucks and beat the shit out of 'em.  'Cause if they're all fucked up,  they can't make the move, right?  Alright, then.  One--two--
CLAPPER/LOADER	?	Good Will Hunting Two: Hunting Season.
CLAPPER/LOADER	?	Scene sixteen, take five.
BEN	m	Action, Gus?
GUS	m	Jesus, Ben--I said I'm busy.
BEN/CHUCKIE	?	You should check it out, it's a good  course. But, you know, frankly, I  found the class rather elementary.
CLARK	m	You know, I don't doubt that it was.  I remember that class. It was just  between recess and lunch.
BEN/CHUCKIE	?	Are we gonna have a problem, again?
CLARK	m	There's no problem. I was still just  hoping you might give me some insight  into the evolution of the market  economy in the Southern Colonies.  See, Wood says--
MATT/WILL	?	What'd I say? Didn't I say you'd be  back here regurgitating Gordon Wood.  But you forgot about Vickers--
CLARK	m	No, I just read Vickers, so I'm up  on inherited wealth, Hunting. But  you're not the angry, brilliant young  mind you once were, just itching to  vent your frustrations.
CLARK	m	Once Sean told you it wasn't your  fault, you lost the edge, William.   You stopped hitting the books with a  vengeance, and now I've read shit  you haven't even heard about yet.  Face facts, my friend--love made you  a soft little pussy boy, unable to  stand up to an academic showdown,  like you used to. You're just no  longer that good--Will Hunting. Now how do you like them apples?
BEN/CHUCKIE	?	I don't like the sound of them apples.  Will, what're we gonna do now?
MATT/WILL	?	Chuckie-- It's Hunting season.
BEN/CHUCKIE	?	Apple sauce, bitch.
SECURITY GUARD	m	Sorry to interrupt, sirs, but have a  ten-oh-seven on our hands.
BEN	m	Wait a second! I wasn't with any  hookers today!
SECURITY GUARD	m	THERE THEY ARE!
JAY	m	Affleck, you're the bomb in Phantoms,  yo.
MATT	m	If anyone's looking for me, I'll be  in my trailer trying to figure out  how I got here from an Academy Award.
CLAPPER/LOADER	?	Scream four, scene thirty-seven,  take one.
WES CRAVEN	m	Action!
SHANNEN DOHERTY	f	Alright, you bastard! Let's see who  you really are!
SHANNEN DOHERTY	f	Fucking Miramax--
WES CRAVEN	m	Shannen, usually I say "cut."
SHANNEN DOHERTY	f	A monkey? Jesus, you guys aren't  even trying anymore, are you?
WES CRAVEN	m	The market research suggest that  people love monkeys.
JAY	m	WE LOVE THIS MONKEY!
WES CRAVEN	m	See?
JAY	m	What the fuck are we gonna do?
JAY	m	PUNCH IT!!!
JAMES	m	Holy shit--that looked like it hurt.
JASON	m	Are you guys alright? Hey! They've got a monkey!
JAY	m	Yo, I think that shit just kicked  in.
JAMES	m	Let's get you guys on your feet.
JAY	m	See man?  Its never, "Hey--you were  in Loser, or, "Dude--you rocked in  Boys and Girls." It always comes  back to that fucking pie! I'm haunted  by it.!
JAMES	m	Well, you put your dick in a pie,  dude--
JASON	m	Enough! Jason Biggs.
JAY	m	Yo-you really get to third base with  the Russsian chick like you did in  the movies?
JASON	m	You mean Shannon? Sadly, no.
JAY	m	She's fucking hot, man. If I was  you, I'd been like--
JAY	m	What, man? You never did one of these?
JAY	m	Holy shit? You're the Dawson!
JAMES	m	It's James, actually. James Van Der  Beek.
JAY	m	Yo, what's up with Pacey stealing  Joey away from you? If I was you, I  would've drowned his ass in your  Creek and shit!
JAMES	m	I know, Because what--is Josh better  looking than me? Fuck, no. I mean,  who on earth is better looking that  me? I ask you.
JAY	m	Joey, man! She's too fine! Yo--did  you ever get to third base with her?
JAMES	m	Well, there was this one time-- Wait a second--who are you guys?!
JASON	m	They're our stunt doubles, dumbass. Right?
JAY	m	Stunt doubles for what?
JAMES	m	The movie we start shooting in a few  minutes--Bluntman and Chronic Strike  Back.
JASON	m	You're doubling me. I'm playing  Bluntman, AKA Silent Bill.
JAMES	m	Bob
JASON	m	Right. And he's playing Chronic. AKA  Ray.
JAMES	m	Jay! Shit, did you even read the  script?
JASON	m	There's a script?
JAY	m	These are the guys who are playing  us, yo. We take them out, and bickety- bam! No movie.
JASON	m	What's with the weird, gay huddle  going on over there?
JAMES	m	What's gay about it? It's two guys  talking in a corner. Man--why are  you such a homophobe.
JASON	m	I'm not a homophobe.
JAMES	m	You are. You're always calling things  gay. "Ooo--look at the gay huddle,  dude!"
JASON	m	Hey--look at the monkey.
JAMES	m	Next you're going to tell me the  monkey's gay.
JASON	m	He's so cute-- C'mere. Monkey. C'mere--
JAY	m	Alright, here's what we do: start  swinging, and don't stop until those  young Hollywood fucks are out of  commission. Ready? Break!
JAY	m	That's one funky monkey.
VOICE	m	Mister Biggs?  Mister Van... Der-- Beek? This is Security. We've got a  pair of intruders at large, and they  crashed through a window we thought  might be yours.
JAY	m	Uh--yeah. They're in here.
SECURITY GUARD	m	Do they have you hostage? Should we  call your publicists?
JAY	m	NO! I mean, we kicked those guys'  asses bad. They're--knocked out.
SECURITY GUARD	m	Great work, sirs! If you let us in,  we'll take over--
JAY	m	NO! Me and Jason Biggs are naked in  here! Together!
SECURITY GUARD	m	Uh--okay. We'll just be--outside the  door, sirs.
JAY	m	What the fuck are we gonna do?! How  are we gonna get out of here without  them seeing us?
JAMES	m	YOU'VE GOT THE WRONG GUYS!
JASON	m	HEY! DON'T YOU RECOGNIZE ME?! I'M
SECURITY GUARD	m	He'll be the pie--in prison.
JAY	m	This was a good idea, Lunchbox. In  these outfits we're totally incognito.
A.D.	?	Mister Biggs? Mister Van Der Beek?  Great--you've changed costumes  already. Let's get you to set. The director doesn't like to be kept  waiting.
DIRECTOR	m	Look at all these crackers, Seventy  million dollars and I can't even get  a black grip?
P.A.	?	Here's your coffee, sir.
DIRECTOR	m	You spit in this?  Because I know  all you white folks are pissed off  that the studio'd entrust a multi- million dollar to a brother.
P.A.	?	I didn't spit in it, sir.
DIRECTOR	m	Then taste it! Go on!
P.A.	?	It's all good, sir.
DIRECTOR	m	No it ain't all good. Oh, you think  I want it now, after your lips touched  the cup? Get the fuck off my set!
P.A.	?	You the man, sir.
DIRECTOR	m	No you the Man! And that's the  problem!
BANKY	m	Uh, Chaka? Yeah, hi--I'm Banky  Edwards, the creator of Bluntman and  Chronic. We met a few weeks back.  I'm the executive producer.
DIRECTOR/CHAKA	?	Oh--you're the executive producer,  hunh? Well go "produce" me a latte  no white folks spit in--okay Fucky?
BANKY	m	Banky. I just wanted you to know  that I respect your work as an artist.  I'm something of an artist myself. I  was the inker on the comic book.
CHAKA	m	An inker? What, like you trace?
A.D.	?	Biggs and Van Der Beek are on the  set, Chaka.
CHAKA	m	I don't see 'em. Where are they?
JAY	m	This must've set 'em back a couple  hundred bucks.
CHAKA	m	Look at this shit. A gay hood ornament, and the color  Purple.
JAY	m	Who the fuck are you?
CHAKA	m	Who the fuck am I? I'm the fucking  director, is who I am. Chaka Luther  King. The creator of all of this.
JAY	m	Wait a sec--I thought Holden and  Banky created this shit.
CHAKA	m	And I'm stealing it. I'm taking it  back for all the shit you people  have stolen from us! Did you know, I  came up with the idea for Sesame  Street before PBS? I was going to  call it N.W.P.--Niggaz with Puppets. Alright--enough small talk. Let's  shoot it.
JAY	m	Wait, wait, wait!! Aren't you gonna  direct us?
CHAKA	m	I'll be directing you to the food  stamps line after I fire your ass,  if you talk back like that to me  again!
JAY	m	But we don't know what we're supposed  to do here. We didn't even read the  script.
CHAKA	m	So? Neither did I. Shit, neither did  the studio. Look man, it's not hard. In this  scene, the bad guy breaks into the  Bluntcave.  You make up some shit,  fight him for a while, I film it, I  yell "cut," and then head back to my  trailer, where I got more white women  waiting for me there than the first  lifeboat off the Titanic! They all want a part of the movie,  and I got just the part for 'em.
CHAKA	m	LET'S ROLL WITH THE NEW!
A.D.	?	QUIET ON THE SET! THIS IS A TAKE!
P.A.	?	I got you another cup of coffee,  sir. Spit free.
CLAPPER/LOADER	?	I just wanna say that I loved when  you fucked that pie.
CHAKA	m	ACTION!
JAY/CHRONIC	?	Uh--Snootchie Bootchies.
JAY/CHRONIC	?	What the fuck?
COCK-KNOCKER	?	You thought I'd never find your  precious Bluntcave, did you, Hemp  Knight? But now you and your sidekick  are finally in the grasp of Cock- Knocker!
JAY/CHRONIC	?	Why do they call you "Cock-Knocker"?
COCK-KNOCKER	?	Any last words before I bust your  balls, Bluntman?
CHAKA	m	Damn! Now that was one special effect!  This picture's gonna make House Party  look like House Party Two!
A.D.	?	Or House Party Three?
CHAKA	m	Shut the fuck up!
JAY	m	YO-BITCH-FISTS!
JAY	m	Call me Darth Balls. Bunngg.
CHAKA	m	I think George Lucas is going to sue  somebody--
WILLENHOLLY	?	So, this is Hollywood? Lights, camera, action, Jay and Silent  Bob.
WILLENHOLLY	?	FREEZE YOU TERRORIST SONSABITCHES!!!
WILLENHOLLY	?	Oh my God-- Um--sorry. That was supposed to be a  warning shot. Uh--it looks like I'm  on the wrong, uh--wrong set.
KID	m	You killed Mooby--
COCK-KNOCKER	?	You are not upstaging me, Van Der  Beek!
JAY	m	Now whose balls have been busted,  bitch?
WILLENHOLLY	?	The C.L.I.T. stops here, Jay and  Silent Bob! Everyone stay calm. I'm a Federal  Wildlife Marshal. These men are the  leaders of a terrorist organization  wanted for the abduction of a monkey.
VOICE	m	They didn't really steal that monkey.
JUSTICE	m	It was just a diversion so we could  steal these.
JUSTICE	m	And they're not the leaders of  C.L.I.T. The C.L.I.T. is not real.
WILLENHOLLY	?	No--the clit's real. The female orgasm  is a myth.
JUSTICE	m	Are you guys alright?
JAY	m	I thought you blew up, Boo Boo Kitty  Fuck.
JUSTICE	m	You remembered. It was a frame-up, Jay. Sissy. Missy,  Chrissy, and I are international  jewel thieves. We were setting you  up as a patsy, but I couldn't go  through with it, because I... because  I love you.
JAY	m	Yeah? So that means you'll fuck me,  right?
VOICE	m	If she does, it'll be considered  necrophilia.
SISSY	f	Because she's gonna be one dead bitch. Hi, Jussy. We catch you at a bad  time?
MISSY	f	You should've just let these guys go  down, Jussy.
JAY	m	Hey, I wanted to go down, but I was  waiting until I got to know her a  little better. See, there was this  little angel on my shoulder, and he  said--
CHRISSY	f	Shut the fuck up before I shoot you  where you stand in your pansy red  booties.
JAY	m	Holy shit, I am wearing pansy red  booties! Man--why the fuck didn't you tell  me?
SISSY	f	Let's have those diamonds, Jussy.
JUSTICE	m	I can't do that, Sissy
SISSY	f	Then lover--boy gets one in the brain.
CHAKA	m	YO!
CHAKA	m	Would any of you lovely ladies like  a private audition to be in my movie?
WILLENHOLLY	?	WHY ARE YOU SHOOTING AT ME?!?! I'M
CHRISSY	f	TWO REASONS: ONE--WE'RE WALKING,
MISSY	f	AND TWO: BECAUSE YOU'RE A MAN.
WILLENHOLLY	?	ONLY ON THE OUTSIDE!
CHAKA	m	A shitload of white people with guns?  Time to get my black ass out of here!
SISSY	f	You really let me down, Justice.  Throwing it all away for a little  stoner with bad pronunciation.
JAY	m	HEY!
JUSTICE	m	What's it gonna be, Sissy? Which  fighting style do you want me to  kick your ass in?
SISSY	f	Are you kidding me? I taught you all  all your moves myself. There's not a  style you can bust that I can't defend  against.
JUSTICE	m	You're no match for my "Shaolin Monk."
SISSY	f	Yeah, but I can bury you with my  "Crouching Tiger."
JUSTICE	m	A little "Venus's--flytrap"?
SISSY	f	I'll counter with "Dragon Crane."
JUSTICE	m	How about a little "Bitch, My Man  Ain't Yo Baby's Daddy"?
SISSY	f	Bring it on.
JAY	m	Yo--I hope one of 'em rips the other  one's shirt off and we see some tit.
BANKY	m	Mister Biggs? Mister Van Der Beek? I  just wanted to say hi. I'm--
JAY	m	Banky fucking Edwards! Just the  motherfucker we came to see!
BANKY	m	Holy shit! What the fuck are you  guys doing here?!
BANKY	m	Stop the movie?! Are you crazy?!
JAY	m	All these assholes are calling us  names on the Internet, 'cause of  this stupid movie!
BANKY	m	I feel for you boys--I really do.  Those Net snipers can be really cruel.  But Miramax paid me a shitload of  money for Bluntman and Chronic, so  it occurs to me that people bad- mouthing you on some web-site is  none of my FUCKING CONCERN!
SILENT BOB	m	Oh--but I think it is.
JAY	m	Here we go again--
SILENT BOB	m	Shut the fuck up. We had a deal with you on the comics  for likeness rights. And as we're  not only the artistic basis but also  the character basis for your  intellectual property, Bluntman and  Chronic, when we said property was  optioned by Miramax Films you were  legally obliged to secure our  permission to transfer the concept  to another medium. As you failed to  do that, you're in breach of the  original contract--ergo, you find  yourself in a very actionable  position.
JAY	m	Yeah.
BANKY	m	So, what do you guys want, to go  away and take your lady friends with  you?
JAY	m	Shitcan this movie so we don't get  called names on the Internet anymore.
BANKY	m	Even if there's no movie, people are  still free to talk shit about you on  the Internet. That's what the  Internet's for: slandering others  anonymously.  Stopping the flick  isn't going to stop that!
JAY	m	Well this isn't fair!  We went to  Hollywood, I fell in love, we stole  a monkey, we got shot at, and got  punched in the motherfucking nuts!  We ain't leaving empty-handed!
JAY	m	What's up baby? You look good!
BANKY	m	Isn't that your girlfriend's enemy?
JAY	m	Oh yeah. Get the fuck offa me, pig!
BANKY	m	You guys are gonna ruin my movie  career.
JAY	m	Well, we want something for our mental  anguish.
BANKY	m	Tell you what: we'll settle this  monetarily. I'll give you half of  what I made.
JAY	m	Half?!?
BANKY	m	Half's not good enough?  Fine--I'll  give you two-thirds of what I made!
JAY	m	Fuck-you--you already said half? You  can't take it back!
BANKY	m	Done
SISSY	f	Your shit is so tired, Justice!
JUSTICE	m	Call me Boo-Boo Kitty Fuck--BITCH!
WILLENHOLLY	?	Hello? Truce? I think I killed both of them.
JUSTICE	m	C'mon guys. It's over.
JAY	m	Yo, I was just about to jump in there  and get your back.
JAY	m	Holy shit, the cops! We gotta get  out of here!
JUSTICE	m	No. I'm tired of running.
JUSTICE	m	You awake, Marshal? Marshal?
WILLENHOLLY	?	Oh my God, I'm paralyzed. The monkey  shot me in the ass and paralyzed me!  Oh the irony!
JUSTICE	m	You're not paralyzed. It was just a  tranquilizer.
WILLENHOLLY	?	Jesus! Tranqued by a little monkey!  My friends in the Bureau are never  gonna let me live this down!
JUSTICE	m	You have friends in the F.B.I.?
WILLENHOLLY	?	They all made it in, but I failed  the exam. Why the hell else do you  think I became a Federal Wildlife  Marshal? 'Cause I'm a joke!
JUSTICE	m	Maybe not. I can make you a deal  that'll get you into the F.B.I.,  regardless of test scores.
WILLENHOLLY	?	What kind of deal?
JUSTICE	m	You drop the charges against Jay and  Silent Bob and say you never found  the ape.  Make sure the world knows  they're not in control of any C.L.I.T.
JAY	m	Now wait a second--
JUSTICE	m	I'll explain later, Jay In exchange, I'll give you the  diamonds I stole, and turn in Sissy,  Missy, Chrissy, and myself. But I  want a reduced sentence.
WILLENHOLLY	?	You'd be willing to do that?
JUSTICE	m	For him? I'd be willing to do  anything.
JUSTICE	m	I'm an international jewel thief  who's facing a jail sentence.
JAY	m	That's alright. I'm a junkie with a  monkey.
JUSTICE	m	If I go to prison, will you wait for  me?
JAY	m	I don't know. Will we fuck when you  get out?
JAY	m	Don't change the subject. Will we  fuck when you get out?
JUSTICE	m	Snoogans.
WILLENHOLLY	?	Wow. There's a lot of love in the  room.
BANKY	m	Regardless of what you may have heard.  I do not kiss guys.
WILLENHOLLY	?	Sorry, Justice. We've gotta go. Hey--stop stealing monkeys.
JAY	m	Fuck you.
WILLENHOLLY	?	Fair enough.
JUSTICE	m	Wait for me.
JAY	m	What--here?
BANKY	m	Well, boys--you're rich in love-- Well, you're in love. And to top  that off, you've got your own monkey.  What more could two guys from Jersey  possibly want?
JAY	m	All those fucks to stop talking shit  about us on the Internet, for  starters.
BANKY	m	What do I keep telling you? There's  not much you can do to stop that.  Well, short of showing up at all  their houses and beating the shit  out of them, I guess.
JAY	m	You know--with all that money we're  gonna make we can buy a lotta plane  tickets.
MOTHER	f	Can I help you?
JAY	m	Yes. Ma'am, Does-- William Dusky live here?
MOTHER	f	Yes. He's my son.
JAY	m	May we talk to him, please.
MOTHER	f	One moment.
KID	m	Yeah?
JAY	m	Yo--do you post as-- Magnolia-Fan on Movie Poop Shoot.com?
KID	m	Yeah.
JAY	m	And did you write "Fuck Jay and Silent  Bob. Fuck them up their stupid asses?
KID	m	Yeah, a while ago. So?
JAY	m	On Movie Poop Shoot.com. did you say  Jay and Silent Bob-- "--are fucking clown shoes. If they  were real, I'd beat the shit out of  them for being so stupid."
KID	m	Yeah.
JAY	m	Really--
RANDAL	m	Now that was worse then Clash of the  Titans.
DANTE	m	I still can't believe Judy Dench  played me.
RANDAL	m	Hey--remind me to renew that  restraining order.
DANTE	m	Why?
RANDAL	m	Because I'm gonna blast the flick on  the Internet tonight.
STEVE-DAVE	?	Why can't Hollywood ever make a decent  comic book movie?
WALT	m	Tell'em Steve-Dave!
STEVE-DAVE	?	Would you stop saying that?
TRISH	f	Well, that was just another paean to  male adolescence and its refusal to  grow up.
ALYSSA	f	Yeah, sis--but it was better than  Mallrats. At least Holden had the  good sense to keep his name off of  it.
TRISH	f	Why wouldn't Miramax option his other  comic instead? You know--the one he  drew about you and him and your  relationship?
ALYSSA	f	You mean Chasing Amy? That would  never work as a movie.
BANKY	m	I'm so fucking embarrassed--
HOOPER	m	Honey, you should be. They took your  characters and reduced them to one  ninety-minute-long-gay joke. It was  like watching Batman and Robin again.
BANKY	m	Thanks. That means a lot coming from  the guy who pretends to be Shaft as  opposed to the guy who takes shaft.
HOOPER	m	I don't hear you complaining nightly.  In fact, the only thing I do hear  you say is "Yes, Hooper! Cradle the  balls and work the shaft!"
BANKY	m	Hey! Hey! What'd we say? Not in  public!
GUY	m	Nice movie, you fucking Tracer!
BANKY	m	You--!
GUY	m	That's right, you sonovabitch! I'm  back for round two!
WILLENHOLLY	?	You know, I don't get out to the  movies much. But I'd have to say  Bluntman and Chronic was Blunt-tastic!
JUSTICE	m	Are these leg cuffs really necessary?
WILLENHOLLY	?	Don't make me shoot you, Justice.
JAY	m	YO! THE PARTY'S ACROSS THE STREET,

