FRANTIC ACTRESS	m	I can't hear over this shhing.
TV CRITIC	m	...a play about guess what? That's  right, young people.
HANDSOME CONTEMPORARY	m	I can't look.
MATT	m	Good idea, let's not.
HANDSOME CONTEMPORARY	m	How can we not listen to this?
MATT	m	We'll know all we need to from the  reaction.
TORTURED MALE DANCER	m	He should be shot, he should be dead,  he should rot in hell, then come  back as the soap cake in a urinal.
HANDSOME CONTEMPORARY	m	He didn't like it?
DIRECTOR	m	Don't worry. He doesn't count. We'll  just wait for the papers.
MATT	m	Hey, no matter what this review says,  the play was a great experience for  me.
MATT	m	I mean, it is about process, right?
HANDSOME CONTEMPORARY	m	Matt's right. Good Lord, it is what  we're alive for.
MATT	m	You've just got to be tougher than  this.
BETH	f	Tougher than this?!?
DIRECTOR	m	I took it all down over the phone.  It's quite bad. And, unfortunately,  it's very, very long. I've got a  broken heart and writers' cramp.  He...
MATT	m	He's nuts.
DIRECTOR	m	He savages everyone.
MATT	m	I don't want to hear anymore. Let's  dance.
DIRECTOR	m	Except you, Matt.
HANDSOME CONTEMPORARY	m	You filthy bastard.
BETH	f	What did he say?
MATT	m	Don't read it.
OTHER ACTOR	m	Oh, please. You can't wait to run  out of here, buy a flashlight, and  then go into some dark alley and  drool over every word.
MATT	m	You're wrong. I'm maybe relieved and  curious. That's it.
BETH	f	What did they say about him?
DIRECTOR	m	...'in the midst of this delirium of  pretension...'
MATT	m	Don't. This divisive crap won't...
DIRECTOR	m	'...one actor, rather miraculously,  manages to provide passion and, yes,  truth. Matt Hobbs, in the supporting  role of Jesus, manages to touch the  heart long after you thought it numbed  by boredom.'
MATT	m	Sorry.
BETH	f	Will you get in here--for God's sake?
MATT	m	Come on, Ma, how could I show up  tonight when my union is boycotting  the Emmys? Look, I have to hang up.
BETH 	f	It's on right now... right now...  right this second! You will miss  it!!
MATT	m	I gotta go. Watch!
TV VOICE	m	...and Matt Hobbs for 'Caine Mutiny  Court Martial'... And the winner is  Powers Boothe for 'Jonestown--Story  of a Massacre.'
BETH	f	Shit! Fuck! Shit!
MATT	m	He was good.
BETH	f	Shit! Shit! Shit! Fuck! Shit! Look,  he even showed up.
MATT	m	That took courage. I wonder if they  send you something for just being  nominated?
BETH	f	Of all the pathetic questions.
MATT	m	Why are you being so damn foul?
BETH	f	We've been going back and forth on  our status for so long. I was hoping  that if you won, it might mean  something for us.
MATT	m	Look, Beth... the only...
BETH	f	Please go fast. I can't take you  dragging it out.
MATT	m	The only reason I haven't...
BETH	f	I promised myself I wouldn't be so  bossy. Take your time!! Was that  bossy too?
MATT	m	The only thing I have against getting  married is that it might not be fair  because I'm going to stay with acting  forever and you know how erratic the  money's been and there's no resolve...
BETH	f	Do I get to vote? I'm going to tell  you something I never told you before.  Your feeling towards your work is  one of the things I love most about  you.
MATT	m	Really?
BETH	f	Maybe the most.
MATT	m	Hey, then we have no problem here.  Marry me.
BETH	f	Stinker, I almost gave up on you.
MATT	m	I was just worried whether I could  make you happy.
MATT	m	Everything's okay... Great... She's  six or eight pounds even. Oh, God...  Nothing like it. I'll tell you  something amazing. They really reach  right into her stomach and pull out  this baby. It's not just a rumor.  God. I understand the expression  'mind blowing' for the first time.  It means something so wonderful  happens that the top of your head  comes off and your brain pops out.  Part of it was terrifying, the baby  was turned and they couldn't budge  her. I kept looking at this one woman  doctor's eyes. And when Jeannie  finally came out, this doctor and I  each wiped away a tear at the exact  same time, caught ourselves doing  it, and then laughed together at the  same time. Nothing can prepare you  for it. You know why you're alive.
MATT	m	How you doing? What's wrong?
BETH	f	My mother said you were flirting  with the doctor during the delivery.
MATT	m	Could you get her, honey? I have  that big reading tomorrow.
BETH	f	No, I have a lot to do tomorrow,  too. I have to borrow on our Christmas  Club, I have to...
MATT	m	Don't worry about money anymore. I didn't want to tell you, because  it may sound a little strange when I  say it out loud. You know me, I'm  never that cocky. But I'm going to  get 'Spider Woman'. It's me or Raul  and I've never been so sure. It's  weird, but I just know it. I do.
BETH	f	Boy, am I reassured. What good news.  Isn't that a load off?
MATT	m	I am gonna get this part, Beth.
BETH	f	I can't stand this anymore.
MATT	m	Hello... Hi, Beth. I'm glad you  finally returned my call. What are  you so mad about?
MATT	m	You know what? I'm being a sort of  gutless wonder here. I'm yelling  back at you because I'm embarrassed.  I won't be able to take the kid when  I said... Why don't you listen for a  second?
BETH 	f	...You're taking her... You're taking  her... You're taking her...
MATT	m	Beth, I know exactly how long it's  been and I feel strange as hell not  seeing her but this isn't a choice.  I'm broke. It's the driest spell of  my life. I'm not saying it's your  problem, but it's no place for a six- year-old. What can I do? The only  full-time job I seem to have is not  showing how scared I am. What? No,  that's not something I said before. Well, thanks.
MATT	m	Beth, Hey... hey. Never mind, I'll  do it.
MATT	m	I must get work. I will take anything.  I must get work. I must not be  embarrassed by these pep talks to  myself...
MIDDLE-AGED ACTOR	m	...feathers I'm blowing. What am I,  a duck?
VARIOUS YOUNG ACTORS	m	1) I'm not thinking about whether  I'm going to shoot you. I'm... 2)...trying to decide where. 3)...the little spot behind the ear  where you die before you hear the  shot... 4)...on the left side of the belly  which is a very mean place.
MIDDLE-AGED ACTOR	m	What am I, a duck?
OLDER ACTRESS	m	Sure I'll tell you... Favor first...  Do a nice middle-aged lady a favor...  A fair trade... tell you what you  want to know in return for a... ...a pity fu...
VARIOUS YOUNG HYSTERICAL ACTRESSES	m	...the height of ego. You think your  he-manness can make me get on that  elevator even though I'm phobic?...  I CAN'T GET ON THAT ELEVATOR. I don't  care if... they catch us. DO YOU
SINGING ACTRESSES	m	...can't get on the elevator... can't  get on the elevator... even if you  make me... even if you make me. Do  you get it?... do you get it?...
MATT	m	Hi... See, I did recognize you. You  didn't have to wait for me.
CATHY	f	Well, I wanted to introduce you. As  if knowing me would help.
CATHY	f	It's a ridiculously awful movie.
MATT	m	Well, challenge. I wasn't sure you'd  remember me... let alone help...
CATHY	f	Stop. You're good. I'm doing them a  favor by getting you in.
MATT	m	Well, that's a fresh slant.
CATHY	f	Claire, this is Matt Hobbs.
CLAIRE	f	Hi. Sorry. We're running behind...  Please forgive us.
CLAIRE	f	Matt Hobbs? Matt Hobbs!
MARTIN	m	This is Matt Hobbs... This is John  Earl McAlpine, the director.
MCALPINE	?	Good to see you.
MARTIN	m	...and Burke Adler, the producer.
BURKE	m	So, what have you been doing with  yourself... ...the last few years?
MATT	m	I'm real bad at interviews, so, if  you don't mind, I'd really prefer to  just read first.
BURKE	m	That's the way you want to do it?
MATT	m	Yes.
BURKE	m	Maybe we shouldn't even read. I'll  just take your word that you're good.
BURKE	m	No. I'm serious. There's all different  ways. Did you know Woody Allen never  reads actors? He just looks at them,  feels around a little and then decides  who he wants. That's his way. Doesn't  hear them do a line. I also have a  way. What I do is interview first-- then read--maybe do it all over again  the next day. I call up people the  actor has worked with--check him  out. If he's famous, I do an opinion  survey to test how much people like  him. If he's not famous, I put him  on tape and show it to everyone I  can grab. I believe in screen tests;  I believe in replacing if the dailies  are bad, in cutting people out if  the previews aren't there. Because  I'm not doing movies for theaters  where they serve cappucino in the  lobby. I'm doing popcorn movies. You  want to know what I like? Come to my  house, look at my lamps... you won't  find it in my movies. In my movies,  you'll find out what I know. I know  how to do detail. What I don't know,  I discover. Yesterday we finished  mixing a movie--the last scene is in  a field of windmills which blows up  and all the blades of these windmills  slice through the air, one of which  hits a four-story tank of propane  gas. A humongous explosion scene. I  kept on saying 'louder', and they  finally said to me they couldn't go  louder without distortion. We went  louder. We had to discover a thing,  a filter, but we went louder. I don't  question doing these things. I do  them. So if you want to know if it's  okay to do it differently--not to  talk--to just read first... I say... Ask him--he's the director.
JOHN EARL	m	Whatever.
BURKE	m	Okay, let's do it. Do you have any  questions?
MATT	m	They only gave me these two pages.  I'd like to give this my best shot.  So if I could read the script and  come back...
BURKE	m	This part works tomorrow.
MATT	m	Oh. Who will I be reading with?
MATT	m	Can I read from here?
BURKE	m	I want you to do it wherever you're  comfortable, but I'd prefer it if  you were comfortable standing up.
JOHN EARL	m	Time for my buns to have visitors.
BURKE	m	Go ahead.
MATT	m	Go ahead? The director left.
BURKE	m	That's okay, he trusts me, uh... And  we're just doing the first page.
MARTIN	m	'Okay, darling Harry, here it is...  If someone were breaking up with me,  I'd like it short and sweet. What  about you?'
MATT	m	'Incredibly drawn out...'
MARTIN	m	'I can't take care of you right now.  What am I, your mother?'
MATT	m	'Well, what am I? Your duck?'
MATT	m	'We've been together two years and  you act like all you're doing is  blowing away some feathers. So what  I'm asking...'
BURKE	m	You didn't do the quack.
MATT	m	Huh?
BURKE	m	The stage direction says for him to  quack.
MATT	m	I know, but why would he quack when  someone's breaking up with him?
BURKE	m	Hopefully because it's funny.
MATT	m	This isn't a comedy.
BURKE	m	Then we're in trouble, because they're  already fall down laughing at the  teaser-trailer in fifty-two hundred  and thirty theaters.
MATT	m	A comedy? I think I have to make an adjustment  here.
FEMALE D PERSON 	f	I'm not supposed to read TV pilots.  Don't call us D-Girls. We're  Development Persons!
CATHY	f	Hi. I just finished. I'll have my  coverage right over. It's past  derivative... it's photocopying.  What a hoot! You're kidding, right?  There is truly active bidding for  this book? Really? 2.3 million? Okay,  see you.
MALE D PERSON	m	Even the title "Little Dick"--it  means so many things.
FEMALE D PERSON	f	Story, story, story, story, story. You loved it, right?
CATHY	f	I had some problems.
FEMALE D PERSON	f	Like what?
CATHY	f	Well, you know, it's a little  garbagey.
FEMALE D PERSON	f	So it has to be cast right.
MALE D PERSON	m	If Cathy doesn't like it, we know  it's a smash.
CATHY	f	Hey. It's not like I didn't recommend  it.
CATHY	f	How'd it go?
MATT	m	I didn't get it. He did say something  about wanting me back.
CATHY	f	Good. His saver is he means what he  says.
MATT	m	Yeah, I just wanted to say thanks.
MATT	m	...and I wanted to ask you out.
CATHY	f	For when?
MATT	m	Any time.
CATHY	f	I never know when I'm free. It sounds like I'm just... but it's  true.
MATT	m	Okay. Thanks again. I felt funny  asking.
CATHY	f	Well, don't please.
MATT	m	I meant asking you to get me the  audition.
CATHY	f	Oh... well, don't please.
CATHY	f	Don't be sad.
MALE D PERSON	m	Who is he?
CATHY	f	Oh, I was auditing this acting course  and he filled in teaching one night.  He did a scene himself and he was  awesome. For some reason, he can't  get arrested.
MALE D PERSON	m	Yeah. He does seem to have a layer  of loser dust on him.
BURKE	m	Oh, God... why? Why?... What am I going to do?
MATT	m	Hey. Hey! HEY!!
BURKE	m	Look at me. You'd think I was a  writer. I hired this kid as a production  assistant. His father's a business  manager... a few good clients.
MATT	m	What happened?
BURKE	m	He's been driving for me two weeks...  all he has to do is pick me up on  time... he's twenty minutes late and  I have a test screening in the valley.  Everybody's gone from the office.
MATT	m	Is that it? You need a lift?
BURKE	m	Yeah.
MATT	m	I'm right over here.
BURKE 	m	...Not just today... believe me,  there's no way you'll ever make it...  You are going to fail. Listen, listen-- I know about this; you are going to  be a failure.
BURKE	m	Let's get moving; you said you'd  give me a lift.
MATT	m	What the hell are you talking about?  Not in your car... I've got my own.
BURKE	m	I'll give you a hundred and twenty  dollars to take me... and it will  still be a favor. Get out. Come on. Please. This is very important.
YOUNG MAN	m	A guy got shot on the freeway...  Traffic's tied up.
BURKE	m	You should leave time for that kind  of thing.
MATT	m	What do you need me for? Don't you  drive?
BURKE	m	Yeah, I drive. I don't like to look  for parking.
BURKE	m	Yoga shit. I feel like barbed wire.  I don't know if you keep track, but  I'm the sixth independent producer  ever to have two big pictures  scheduled for Christmas, and tonight  we're testing the first one for the  first time... You get it?
MATT	m	Yeah. It's important to you.
BURKE	m	Yes. I don't think I would have put  it that way... but, yes...
BURKE	m	Keep driving. She runs the test  screenings. Very smart. Very. She  has a real case on me, but so far  I've been keeping it in the bank.
BURKE	m	Go very slow.
NAN	f	We're 34 minutes late. The studio is  appropriately wild... people are  beginning to leave... but I knew how  upset you'd be if we started without  you.
BURKE	m	Yeah. Thanks.
NAN	f	How is he tonight?
MATT	m	I don't know him, so I have nothing  to compare it to.
NAN	f	Well, how would you say he is, anyway?
MATT	m	Not quite himself.
BURKE	m	Let them in.
NAN	f	The name of the picture you'll be  seeing is 'Ground Zero'... There may  be some scratches... some of the  colors may be off, there are no final  titles, and it has not been finally  mixed for sound, and the music is  temp, that means temporary...
BURKE	m	I'm glad you came yourself instead  of sending your staff.
BURKE	m	I wouldn't be surprised if tonight's  screening is a monster. Could happen, right?
STUDIO HEAD	m	Sure.
BURKE	m	Okay.
BURKE	m	Eisner just said he thinks the  screening will be a monster.
NAN	f	Please, God, let tonight give him  peace.
NAN	f	We're short two card-counters, can  you two help out?
NAN	f	Males, fifteen and under.
HERO	m	Sorry to bust your chops.
NAN	f	If you'll just stay in your seats a  few moments and fill out these cards  for us...
GROUP CAPTAIN	m	Who has young males? Young women?  Older males?... Older males?...
GROUP CAPTAIN	m	Older males... older males?
GROUP CAPTAIN	m	Older males... over 25?
NAN	f	How long since you've seen your  daughter?
MATT	m	A little over two years. My wife insisted on moving back to  the Midwest--then I was in the  Philippines on the mini-series and...
NAN	f	Oh, please. It's one thing being a  son-of-a-bitch, but you don't have  to be a stupid son-of-a-bitch. People  move heaven and earth to see their  kids. I don't care if she moved to  Pluto, it's abandonment.
MATT	m	Hey, we just met.
NAN	f	Oh. Sorry.
BURKE	m	Make a guess how we did.
NAN	f	It wouldn't mean anything.
BURKE	m	Nothing good that happens can make  it worth feeling the way I do now.  Nothing.
OLDER WOMAN	f	Excuse me.
BURKE	m	Who the hell are you? This is private.
OLD LADY	m	I'm Mr. Eisner's mother.
BURKE	m	Oh. Can I get you some water?
OLD LADY	m	No, thank you.
STUDIO HEAD	m	I don't need the numbers. I loved  it.
NAN	f	Burke, ninety in the top two boxes.
BURKE	m	Now can I get you some water?
CATHY	f	I never thought it would do this  well. There were so many holes; I  told everybody it wasn't going to do  business. Why am I so public with my  opinions?
MATT	m	You might be right.
CATHY	f	Not with that score. You know, maybe  tonight's the night I'm losing my  entire mind, but weren't you in  'Platoon?'
MATT	m	Incredible. I was only there for a  minute in the rape scene, moving  past Charlie Sheen when I left the  hut... I had a great scene cut out...  I was...
CATHY	f	But there was that one long close up-- where you seemed ashamed of yourself  but still arrogant.
MATT	m	That's exactly what I was going for.
CATHY	f	It reminded me of my last boyfriend. Got to go.
MATT	m	You have to read all that?
CATHY	f	Beast of burden.
MATT	m	So what are you, totally wonderful  or what?
BURKE	m	How come you haven't said anything?  This is great, right?
NAN	f	No.
BURKE	m	What no?
NAN	f	The definite recommends are way off  for a score this high and, even for  action-adventure, it's just too low  for women. I'm sorry.
BURKE	m	It was such a good score.
NAN	f	I know... And, unfortunately,  yesterday's tracking wasn't... I'm sorry... They just don't seem in  the mood for action-adventure right... Sorry... May I tell you one more  thing? I think it's so wonderful that you  don't worry about even trying to act  strong.
BURKE	m	Thanks. You want to eat something  sometime?
NAN	f	I'm, uh... I'm blushing from head to  foot.
BURKE	m	Good. I'll call you.
GROUP CAPTAIN	m	Thirty-two, thirty-three.
BURKE	m	You want to do this regularly for  me? I was gonna offer, but I thought  it would humiliate you.
MATT	m	I don't mind an occasional odd job.  But I can't work tomorrow. I have to  get my kid.
BURKE	m	Okay, I got the cards to look at--I  think I'll ride back here. Maybe I'll drop by your place  tomorrow.
NAN	f	So, thanks for lunch. I hope this  leads to an evening date. Though I  have to stay home with my daughter,  Leslie, on Saturdays.
BURKE	m	Yeah, okay. You were very interesting  to talk to. I swear to God. Honest.  No kidding. You really were.
NAN	f	I believe you. And I was very surprised what you  were like when you weren't working.  There was absolutely no difference.  You want to see where we do the  tracking?
BURKE	m	Is it okay?
NAN	f	Nobody ever wants to see how we do  the polling, but they're like little  starved puppies when the data comes  in--running at you, scrambling to...
VARIOUS WORKERS	m	1) How often do you go to the movies? 2) I'm going to describe a movie in  one sentence and then ask you to  rate it on a scale of...
BURKE	m	I love this. This is what counts and  this is where you count it.
NAN	f	That's the same way I feel.
BURKE	m	You phone all over--you know what  movies they're waiting to see, whether  your TV spots are working. You know  what the country thinks.
WORKER	m	...what feelings do you have about  Cher as a singer, an actress, or  potential date...
BURKE	m	...and it's accurate.
NAN	f	Within six-point-eight percent.
BURKE	m	And you can't fix it... right?
NAN	f	No... no... Sometimes just for myself,  I can't resist asking America a  personal question.
BURKE	m	Like?
NAN	f	When do you feel more worthless-- mornings or afternoons?
BURKE	m	I gotta get back.
WORKER	m	Assume Michelle Pfeiffer is the woman-- which of these 67 actors would you  most like to see her with... Patrick  Swayze, Keanu Reeves, Dustin Hoffman,  Johnny Dep, the guy from 'Major  Dad'...
NAN	f	There's something I meant to tell  you. You may have noticed something  unusual about me.
BURKE	m	I gotta get back.
NAN	f	I could never find the right time  to...
BURKE	m	Is this urgent?
NAN	f	Well, maybe not urgent, but  immediately significant and necessary  to tell. You see, there's these pills...
BURKE	m	'Cause I gotta go. I'm listening  with an eighth of an ear now.
NAN	f	So long.
MAN	m	Are you Matt?
MATT	m	Uh-huh.
MAN	m	I didn't know if we could wait much  longer. Come on in.
MAN	m	She's a real nut on smoking anywhere  near the kid.
BETH	f	Hello--did you two meet?
MATT	m	Not really. Is she ready? I have the  taxi waiting.
BETH	f	I just have to say goodbye. You have  no idea how difficult that is.
MATT	m	It's three weeks.
BETH	f	It's not three weeks.
MATT	m	Yes, it is.
BETH	f	No, it's not.
MATT	m	It is.
MAN	m	He doesn't know?
BETH	f	You are not taking her for a visit.  You are taking her for a while.
MATT	m	Just because you want to go off with  him doesn't mean I...
MAN	m	You're getting the wrong idea.
MATT	m	I don't think so. No matter how you  put this...
MAN	m	Hey, look, I'm a United States  Marshal. I'm here because she didn't  show up yesterday to start serving  her time.
BETH	f	I don't have a choice. You don't  have a choice.
MATT	m	What did she do?
BETH	f	I loved, helped and supported in  every possible way a business man  who committed the terrible crime of  being financially imaginative with a  pension fund.
BETH'S VOICE	m	Okay, listen carefully, Jeannie. Be  still. Now, what's the most important  thing in life to know?
JEANNIE	f	No one will ever love me as much as  you do.
BETH	f	Good. Now, concentrate with all your  muscles and remember everything I'm  about to say to you...
BETH	f	Don't talk to strangers. They may be  killers. Take your vitamins so the  poison in the food can't hurt you.  What else now?
JEANNIE'S VOICE	m	Teeth.
BETH'S VOICE	m	Right. Thank you. Brush right after  you eat or your gums will start to  bleed in your sleep and choke you.
BETH	f	What? I'm giving Jeannie her  reminders.
MATT	m	Reminders?!? You can't say things  like that to a little...
BETH	f	No. Don't. No. Don't dare. Don't  criticize the way I mother or I think  I'll start to scream and never st...
MARSHAL	m	Mrs. Hobbs.
BETH	f	Yes.
MARSHAL	m	You know, I've been involved with  this sort of thing for a long time.
BETH	f	You're not going to criticize me,  are you? Not in front of him--because  all he's done is send Jeannie these  long, stupid letters. He doesn't  even realize she can't read. He sends  letters to someone who can't read. It's almost funny.
MATT	m	I thought you'd read them to her.
BETH	f	Oh.
MARSHAL	m	I'm not faulting you. You love your  daughter and this is a very tough  thing to go through. You feel guilty  and caring and it all gets mixed up  so that there's so much important  stuff going down that there's no  sure way of dealing with it, but the  best thing you can do is just make  sure you love her.
BETH	f	Typical cop talk. But I understand what you're trying  to say. Thank you. Can I have another  minute with her?
MATT	m	Hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi.
JEANNIE	f	Hello, monster-poop.
MATT	m	She has her mother's sense of humor.
BETH	f	Okay, love, Mommy's going to help  others who need her for a few years,  and you're going with Daddy as I  explained. We'll all have to help with the  luggage.
BETH	f	Beginning now, you must give less  value to your own happiness and well- being, then hopefully, you will reach  the point where you give that no  value whatsoever. Give her everything.  There's no such thing as spoiling a  child.
MAN	m	Even if you have to steal to do it?
BETH	f	You don't really want to mess with  me, do you?
MAN	m	No.
MATT	m	Okay, sweetie. We have to go.
JEANNIE	f	I want to go with you.
BETH	f	Can't, pretty-heart. I'm sorry.
JEANNIE	f	Not even a compromise?
BETH	f	The compromise will be that you don't  have to ride in back; you can ride  up front with the driver... okay?
MATT	m	What?
JEANNIE	f	Okay.
MATT	m	Can we please go?
MATT	m	It's going to be okay. I'm you're  dad, you know? So it will be okay.  You and I will make it okay. You  ever ridden in a plane before?
JEANNIE	f	Yesssss!
JEANNIE	f	Don't stare at me.
MATT	m	Sorry.
JEANNIE	f	I want to put on my yellow dress  now.
MATT	m	It's underneath the plane. We can't  get it.
JEANNIE	f	I want to put on my dress. I want to  put on my dress.
MATT	m	There's no way we can get the dress-- it's impossible.
MATT	m	Don't kick the seat!
JEANNIE	f	I want the yellow dress. Give me a compromise.
MATT	m	As soon as we land. That's the  compromise.
WOMEN IN ROW	f	Don't hit her.
MATT	m	God, I didn't hit her--she hit her.
JEANNIE	f	Noooooo. Let go of me. Noooo. The  yellow dress... let go... let go.
FLIGHT ATTENDANT	m	You'll have to sit down.
MATT	m	Jeannie, we have to sit down. Please.
CAPTAIN'S VOICE	m	We'll be having some turbulence for  the next twenty minutes or so. Will  the cabin attendants please take  their seats?
FLIGHT ATTENDANT	m	Sir.
MATT	m	I have no idea what to do.
MATT	m	Jeannie, you okay?
FLIGHT ATTENDANT	m	Go back to your seat. I'll get her.
FLIGHT ATTENDANT	m	She wants to be alone. So we're  upgrading her.
JEANNIE	f	These are the wrong jammies.
MATT	m	Okay... so what do we do?
JEANNIE	f	Where do I sleep?
MATT	m	I have a sleeping bag and bed. Which  one do you want?
JEANNIE	f	That.
JEANNIE	f	Hug.
JEANNIE	f	Let go.
NAN	f	Monica--is Leslie up yet? Good. I  didn't want you to get worried when  you realized I wasn't there. I'm  still with that man. I'll tell you  about it later. But it's sure nice  to have wobbly legs again. Look,  today's recycling day for Leslie at  school, so give her some empty cans...  well, then dump some out for her!  Tell her I had to leave real early  for work and I'll pick her up at  school myself to make up for it and  we'll rent any cassette she wants  for tonight. Thank you... Take good  care.
BURKE	m	Oh, I thought you took off in the  middle of the night.
NAN	f	No. I just had to call home. Is that  why you're sad?
BURKE	m	No. It's Everett. This kid who used  to work for me. He was always crazy  to do his own movie.
NAN	f	What happened?
BURKE	m	His movie not only opened to a three  million dollar Friday--it's gotten  great reviews.
BURKE	m	Listen. I'm tremendously worried  about 'Ground Zero' because of the  bad 'want to sees' you sent over.  But that's just me being nervous  over nothing, isn't it?
NAN	f	No. That's just you correctly  assessing the situation. So stop  being so hard on yourself.
MATT	m	How're you doing? I'm from next door.  I see you with your kids in the  laundry room...
LUCY	f	Hello. ...Who are you?
MATT	m	Say, 'Hello, I'm your new neighbor  now too.'
LUCY	f	I'm Lucy Crisala... What's your name?
MATT	m	Say, 'Jeannie.'
LUCY	f	I have a little girl too.
MATT	m	Say, 'Isn't that nice... How old is  she?'
LUCY	f	She's four and a half and I have a  little boy who is not yet one year.
MATT	m	Say, 'That's nice... I'd like to  play with them... My Daddy didn't  know your phone number, so we just  decided to...'
LUCY	f	What can I do for you?
MATT	m	Say 'Daddy has to go to work tonight  and...' I need someone to help me and her on  short notice. I've seen your around  with your kids and hoped you knew  someone in the building or close by.  I've got this new job that starts  now. Do you know anyone?
LUCY	f	Well, I'm always here. I could maybe  do it myself.
MATT	m	Oh, this is so great. Let's work out  a full-time schedule and...
LUCY	f	Wait. Jeannie, why don't you come in  for a minute and meet Ricky and Essa.  Come on, we're making fruit bars.
LUCY	f	Why don't you leave her for a while  and then we talk.
MATT	m	Sort of a test?
LUCY	f	We'll just see how it works.
MATT	m	Please behave, understand? I don't  know what we'll do if this doesn't  work, so behave, sweetheart. Behave,  behave.
MATT	m	I'm sorry I bothered you. Jeannie...
LUCY	f	Could I have her a little bit longer?  My little boy just fell and Jeannie  is the only one he let hold him.
MATT	m	Your little boy fell, so he's  screaming. And you want her to stay.
LUCY	f	Okay. Seven dollars an hour?
MATT	m	Great. Thank you. See you later,  Jeannie.
MATT	m	No, that's okay. I'm fine with it. I  feel fine.
BURKE	m	Nothing good that happens tonight  can make it worth feeling the way I  do right now. Nothing. What do you think?
CATHY	f	To be honest, I had problems with  'Ground Zero.' But this 'People Get  Hurt' one, while it might not be my  exact, exact thing, I think will  really work for an audience. It's so  over the top, you have a great time.
BURKE	m	So you think it'll score big?
CATHY	f	Yes.
NAN	f	Don't worry. My daughter used to  throw fits in supermarkets when we  first moved here. It's all so  perfectly normal. Plus I know a great  psychiatric children's group.
MATT	m	That's what breaks your heart.  Jeannie's problem is that she's so  down on herself.
NAN	f	Well, she's lucky to have a daddy  who cares, believe me.
MATT	m	I don't know if lucky's the word.  I'm hoping she's asleep when I get  home so I won't have to deal with  her... I'm actually afraid of my own  kid.
NAN	f	Oh, my. I've had exactly that feeling  and never said it out loud. See,  there are men who talk my language  and I'm just cursed that I'm not  attracted to them because they are  so nice they remind me of myself.
GROUP CAPTAIN	m	Excellents?
GIRL COUNTER	f	Seven.
GROUP CAPTAIN	m	Very goods?
BOY COUNTER	m	14.
GROUP CAPTAIN	m	Fairs?
SECOND BOY CARD COUNTER	m	30.
GROUP CAPTAIN	m	Poors?
SECOND GIRL CARD COUNTER	f	Just a second...
NAN	f	I felt terrible about the way I blew  up at you when I first met you. Please.
BURKE	m	What are they doing?
NAN	f	I began taking anti-depressants when  we moved here from Washington. I had  some small reactions--sleeping 14  hours, no libido, I gained 17 pounds  in nine days--that sort of thing. So  they gave me pills to deal with the  side effects. And then pills to deal  with the side effects I was getting  from those pills. All this besides  the stuff the nutritionist was giving  me. The combination formed some sort  of potion so that I keep telling the  truth. I don't have a choice. That's  why I was so rude to you.
MATT	m	Your doctor says this?
NAN	f	Oh, yes. He's excited, but only  because he sees glory for himself in  it... See, ordinarily I wouldn't say  that about my doctor, but I can't  help it, it's the truth. He's  monitoring me for a while longer  before writing it up for this medical  journal...
CATHY	f	Burke's going crazy waiting for the  score.
NAN	f	Coming.
CATHY	f	How are you, anyway?
CATHY	f	It's a tough one, huh? Me too.
NAN	f	Oh, my. Matt, I'd better drive him  myself.
BURKE	m	I can fix this... Get some narration  written. . . You'll cut 30 minutes. It will come  out like butter.
DIRECTOR	m	We're only 77 minutes now...
BURKE	m	...a 47-minute movie... no, that  won't work...
FEMALE STUDIO EXEC	f	I have to go. I have a nanny problem.  Priorities, right?
BURKE	m	Thanks for the support.
BURKE	m	Can you help?
NAN	f	Yes, I can.
BURKE	m	Go ahead.
NAN	f	It's only a movie.
JEANNIE	f	Let go. Please, Lucy, don't make me  go.
MATT	m	Everyone's tired. You can come back  tomorr...
LUCY	f	Listen to me, Jeannie...
JEANNIE	f	I want to live here with these people.  God, let me live here.
MATT	m	Maybe if she stayed tonight she...
JEANNIE	f	I love it here so much that...
JEANNIE	f	Daddy says I can stay.
LUCY	f	I no think you can give her what  pleases when she act like this...  Because then she think...
MATT	m	I know... I know...
MATT	m	You'll see Lucy in the morning. We're  going home.
JEANNIE	f	No. I'm not! STOP!
MILLIE	f	Will somebody take a minute to look  over my casting list before Burke  gets here?
MALE D PERSON	m	This isn't so great, Millie.
MILLIE	f	Well, I wanted to put in people we  had a shot at getting.
MALE D PERSON	m	F. Murray Abraham, Jeff Daniels, Ed  Harris, John Lithgow, Rip Torn, Willem  Dafoe, John Malkovich... For an action  lead?
MILLIE	f	Could you at least take it one person  at a time instead of...
MALE D PERSON	m	Okay. Let's play 'State the  Obvious'... F. Murray Abraham has a  nose as long as an Aspen ski line,  Ed Harris is losing his hair, Joe  Mantegna has never played the lead  in a big movie... Willem Dafoe's  teeth... Bob Hoskins looks fur bearing  when he takes off his shirt...  Malkovich...
MATT	m	I can't stand it anymore. I can't.
CATHY	f	What's wrong? What happened?
MATT	m	What, in God's name, are you doing  in this job you have?
MATT	m	I mean him. What, in God's name, do  you know about casting?
MALE D PERSON	m	Me?
MATT	m	Yes. What do you know? About anything?  You don't even know you have a habit  of touching your tongue with a finger  like you want to lick yourself. Yet, you talk like you actually know  something... So I want you to tell  me... ...what you know.
MALE D PERSON	m	I'm not going to be drawn into this.
MATT	m	I've been an actor most of my life  and this is the first time I've ever  heard what the people calling the  shots sound like when they're casting.  So I really want to find out what,  if anything, you know because what  if nothing you know.
FEMALE D PERSON	f	I don't think the yelling is  necessary.
MATT	m	Oh, you couldn't be more wrong. And  I'm not talking to you. And I don't  like you.
MALE D PERSON	m	How about you just mind your own  business?
MATT	m	You're minding my business. That's  the problem... so, just tell me,  what do you know?
MATT	m	Just tell me and I'll shut up.
MALE D PERSON	m	First of all, I've been going to  movies since I was six, for God's  sake...
MATT	m	What you know is the size of a  schnozz. What you don't know is that  these guys... ...are for real...
MATT	m	...that they can make something  happen, and even they don't know  what that is till they get in there  and play a little... they can make  something happen that you can't even  imagine... and it's not your fault,  this stupidity... 'cause you're just  this scared little prick who gets to  say he's making movies, and the only  thing they ever taught you is that  what you like doesn't matter.
MALE D PERSON	m	Thanks for understanding.
MATT	m	But isn't it almost good manners for  you to feel a little shame?
MATT	m	I didn't mean you.
CATHY	f	If you didn't, you sure should have.
MALE D PERSON	m	You talk about manners--are you  actually so bitter you don't realize  how you acted just now? You're gone,  pal. But at least know that we can't  help that we're making it.
MATT	m	Oh, shit. You win. You got lucky  with 'bitter.' That word just scares  me to death.
BURKE	m	You look down.
CATHY	f	I am.
BURKE	m	Thank you. I appreciate the support.
CATHY	f	I'm not down for you. I'm down about  myself.
BURKE	m	Oh. What if 'Ground Zero' doesn't do  well this weekend?
CATHY	f	Please listen to me.
BURKE	m	What?
CATHY	f	I just got this feeling of seeing  myself talking to you and how this  is the most important moment of...  ever.
BURKE	m	Okay. Good. What is it?
CATHY	f	I've been watching this company make  movies that cost tens of millions of  dollars and all the while I've known  about this wonderful script which we  can somehow own and we could make  for about $14,000,000... $3,000,000  if you can live without stars or a  name director.
BURKE	m	Is that it? Okay, send me...
CATHY	f	I've sent you coverage on it nine  times. I swear to you, Burke, it  will work. You've never heard me say  that.
BURKE	m	How about last night?
CATHY	f	I don't know anything about action- adventure!! I have no idea where that came from.  Hey, I know everyone thinks I don't  have any commercial sense because of  what I said at the 'Gremlins' preview  and all... And you think I can't put  myself on the line. Well, if this  picture doesn't work, fire me. Have  me killed if it doesn't get good  reviews. If this doesn't get a 70  percent definite recommend from women  49 and under, I promise to be your  sex slave until they drop ticket  prices back to five bucks and start  enforcing the R rating.
BURKE	m	You're selling very excellent. Very  excellent presentation.
CATHY	f	You've got to do this. I think this  movie can save me.
BURKE	m	Oh, please... What's the script?
CATHY	f	'Mr. Deeds Goes to Town.'
JEANNIE	f	Why couldn't you even look at the  way I dressed Ricky?
MATT	m	Look, I don't want to talk about it.  I just had a real rough day... so  just let it sit there, okay?
JEANNIE	f	But what was it? Tellll me...  Compromise... You sad?
MATT	m	Yes. Now, I really need to be quiet.
JEANNIE	f	You!! I know what will cheer you up.
JEANNIE	f	I can't even remember the words... I  am stupid.
MATT	m	No, you're not. You're not stupid  and I'm not bitter... and you know  why? Because there's no cure for  either one and we've got to believe  in some cure for each of us.
JEANNIE	f	I am stupid. I can't even remember  the words to some baby song.
MATT	m	Oh, Jeannie... I just can't do this  now.
MATT	m	Hello? Yes. Cathy... Hey. Just a  second.
MATT	m	Jeannie, please... be quiet for one  second... this is very important for  me.
MATT	m	So? Wow. Good for you.  Congratulations.
MATT	m	Me? This is great. I'll come right  over and pick up the script. Okay.  If you want to. Bring it over.  Goodbye. We might make it yet, kid.
MATT'S VOICE	m	Cathy?
CATHY	f	Yes.
MATT'S VOICE	m	I'll buzz you in. You've got to be  quick and push hard.
JEANNIE'S VOICE	m	But why can't I stay just a little  while?
MATT'S VOICE	m	Because this is a very special friend  of Daddy's and I need privacy... Be  fair... I let you wear that dress.
MATT	m	Hi.
MATT	m	This is my daughter, Queen Elizabeth.  Jeannie, this is Cathy.
CATHY	f	Hi... What a pretty dress.
JEANNIE	f	Thank you. That's nice.
CATHY	f	Are you going to a party?
JEANNIE	f	Am I going to a party, Dad?
MATT	m	No. You're going next door.
MATT	m	Remember our compromise? You're going  next door to Lucy's to play and you'll  show the kids your dress and I'll  come get you later and we'll go out  someplace and I'll buy you anything  you want for under seventeen dollars?
JEANNIE	f	I remember.
JEANNIE	f	Goodbye. I love you...
CATHY	f	Well,... thank you.
MATT	m	Thanks.
CATHY	f	What a little winner, huh?
MATT	m	Oh...?
CATHY	f	This is my favorite project. And it  looks like we're going ahead with  it.
MATT	m	'Mr. Deeds Goes to Town?' Oh, it's a  remake...
CATHY	f	Well, come on, what's original? And  this is a wonderful rewrite. It's  funnier.
MATT	m	And there's a part in it for...
CATHY	f	Yes... Burke says I can test whoever  I want. He wasn't even surprised  when I mentioned you. So, if you  could read this rewrite now and if  you like it, we can make a test  deal... they can make a test deal... we can  tell them that they can make a test  deal. I think it's important for me to  steer clear of the business end.
MATT	m	Okay... which part?
CATHY	f	Longfellow Deeds.
MATT	m	Mr. Deeds?
CATHY	f	Who goes to town, yes.
MATT	m	Who are we kidding? I'm even having  trouble getting short parts--I'm  going to say I love it no matter  what you've done to it.
CATHY	f	Stop being so creepy honest. I really  have an instinct about you for this.  I'm going home--call me when you  finish reading it. Or... come on over.
BURKE	m	Why not? If you can test movies and  premises and want-to-sees, why can't  you test screen tests?
NAN	f	I can't deal with your self-centered  dribble right now. I have just had  the biggest orgasm of my life and  I'm trying to figure out if I'm in  love with you.
BURKE	m	What?
NAN	f	Whoops. Tell me what made you rush  over and pick me up and bring me  here at six o'clock. I mean we seem  to have...
NAN	f	...this unspoken agreement not to  talk about why we're together when  we're together and I don't think  it's good to let that become a pattern  for us.
BURKE	m	Why did I rush to you? Because I  felt like I had to... be with someone  and you were closest. What's wrong?
NAN	f	You're not at all aware that you've  just said something... ...unattractive?
BURKE	m	Look, I'm sorry if that came out...
NAN	f	I'm not looking for an apology.
BURKE	m	I'm just trying to say that one of  the things I'm not great at is...
NAN	f	Let's not make this about your  shortcomings. I'm sure you've had  enough of those conversations to  last you a lifetime. What I'm...
BURKE	m	No, I haven't.
NAN	f	No, you haven't what?
BURKE	m	Had a conversation about  shortcomings...
NAN	f	No woman has ever told you that you  have an almost barbaric insensitivity?  That you seem to have lapsed into  some final cynicism, where you  actually believe that, not only does  everyone think the way you do, but  only you have the courage to express  it? That you seem horribly certain  everyone else is sort of pretending  when they talk about love or seem to  care for anything outside their own  anus? No one's ever said that sort  of thing to you?
BURKE	m	Oh, yeah... But I didn't get what  you meant by 'shortcomings.' Hey, if  you think things like that, what are  you doing here?
NAN	f	I'm here for the same reason 86  percent of older women loved 'Beauty  and the Beast.' I would like to  believe that underneath the creature,  there is a sweet, caring guy.
BURKE	m	I sure hope you're wrong.
NAN	f	I have to pick up Leslie.
CATHY	f	I mistimed it. I wanted you to catch me fully  frontal.
CATHY	f	So you loved it. A lot? A little?
MATT	m	Give me a second--all of a sudden,  there's a lot to deal with.
MATT	m	It's terrific.
CATHY	f	Do you see why I think you're right?
MATT	m	Because you're nice and you know I  need work.
CATHY	f	You know this is really happening,  so I wish you wouldn't kid around  about it.
MATT	m	Sorry, but I think the audition rule  is that I have to be serious unless  the person in charge is wearing a  bathrobe and her nipples are sticking  out... ...this much.
CATHY	f	There are some mixed signals coming  out of here, aren't there? Hi. Working... I can't write down a  number now. Call me back. The script?
MATT	m	It's really good. I get a little  nervous thinking about the  opportunity.
CATHY	f	I want to hear everything. You want  to go page by page?
MATT	m	If it's okay. I kind of work on these  things in a private... it's just...  it's a little better for me if I  don't...
CATHY	f	Okay.
MATT	m	Okay, let's do it. It won't kill me.
CATHY	f	Please. I understand.
MATT	m	I swear to God, I don't know which  thing I want more, the sex or the  conversation afterwards.
CATHY	f	What do you mean?
MATT	m	I mean I haven't been to bed with  anyone since Jeannie got here... I  haven't talked to anyone the way I  need to. I haven't seen anything this  beautiful. I haven't felt this good  about life. I mean, I've been lonely,  Cathy.
CATHY	f	I'll tell you the truth, Matt. I've  never felt more like turning my phone  off.
MATT	m	You can't shut the phone off. I left  this number with Jeannie's sitter.
CATHY	f	I don't understand what you're worried  about.
MATT	m	I'm not worried. But if the phone  was off, I would worry.
CATHY	f	But I get a lot of calls.
MATT	m	Oh.
CATHY	f	I could put the machine on 'monitor,'  but it's going to be... I don't know.
MATT	m	It will be okay. I think the most  important thing is to stop talking  about the phone. Turn it off, monitor,  whatever.
CATHY	f	Okay.
CATHY	f	You look so serious.
MATT	m	I am so serious.
YOUNGER MALE VOICE	m	Hi, Cathy... All my magazines came  today... Read the new Vanity Fair,  they take apart three people we  hate... Spy is bad this month...  Scorsese didn't get the Time cover,  the plane crash did... ha, ha, ha...  Why aren't you at the office? You  know, I'm getting to the point where  I prefer to reach people's machines...  Bye.
MALE D PERSON VOICE	m	Cathy? Are you there? Hello... Are  you there?? I'm going to count to  ten. One, two, three... Did you go to the screening last  night? What did you think? That makes  two bombs in a row for her. ...four, five, six... Pick up if  you're there. I've got major gossip...  major screwup. It could be good for  us.
MATT	m	Is this the kind of crap you listen  to all day?
CATHY	f	Please, we're making love here.
BURKE'S VOICE	m	If the TV show bombs, there's going  to be a dance party on my grave. I  don't give a crap. Nothing seems to  have a point anymore. I'm really  questioning everything... including  action-adventure... Don't tell anyone  I'm down. Even destroy the message  tape. Don't tell anyone I said to  destroy the message tape. Don't even  give hints that there's something  you can't tell them, but you wish  you could... I'm losing it. I'm losing  it. I'm losing it. Don't tell nobody.  Don't tell nobody. Don't tell nobody.
JEANNIE'S VOICE	m	Daddy... You dialed bad... Where is he?
LUCY'S VOICE	f	Matt, Jeannie is very upset because  you are not here when you said. And  now the big hand is on the eight...
MATT	m	I'm sorry...
CATHY	f	It's all right.
MATT	m	Is there a name for what we just  had?
MATT	m	This is awkward, my driving you around  and testing for you tomorrow.
BURKE	m	Not really.
MATT	m	Well, I hope you understand I can't  drive you to work tomorrow and then  go in and test. It's just...
BURKE	m	Okay. I was going to come in late  anyway. I'll get one of the kids to  drive me.
MATT	m	Thanks. And, look, if I get the lead  in this movie, you'll have to go  back to sitting up front with me.
MATT	m	No sitter!!! Thanks. We're leaving  now.
CATHY	f	Jeannie's fine. There's a whole bunch  of kids in the building. She's  fascinated. And they're all ready  for you.
MATT	m	How many men are they testing today?
CATHY	f	You're the only one.
MATT	m	Then tell them I need a little more  time.
MAKE-UP PERSON	f	No, it's okay, we're done.
MATT	m	I mean for me. I want to focus a  little.
CATHY	f	Sure. Good luck, Matt. The thing they're looking for most  is sexy.
HAIR PERSON	m	You know who she was involved with  for a minute or so?
MAKE-UP PERSON	f	Who?
MATT	m	Hey!
MATT	m	You guys have to leave. This is  important and I need to be alone  right now...
JEANNIE	f	Get out of my way!
CATHY	f	Don't say it like that!!!
JEANNIE	f	Which way should I? Get out of my way. Get out of my way. Get out of my way.
CASTING PERSON	m	Wow.
MATT	m	It felt great... Everybody...
JEANNIE	f	Let me tell him, let me tell him,  let me tell him...
CATHY	f	Let him finish! God!
JEANNIE	f	I want to tell him.
CATHY	f	If you wait one minute, I'll let  you.
MATT	m	Anyway, the girl I did it with, by  the way, she's really good; the  director, the crew... they all thought  we nailed it.
CATHY	f	Hey.
JEANNIE	f	Now?
CATHY	f	Wait till you hear this one.
JEANNIE	f	Some lady asked me to go in a room  and, you know, make believe and say  stuff like we were playing a game...
JEANNIE	f	And everybody went 'yea' and they  said they wanted me to be on  television.
JEANNIE	f	And give me money and have a teacher  there and a person to braid my hair  and color my face and give me  clothes...
MATT	m	You wait here, Jeannie.
MATT	m	I have to talk to you.
CATHY	f	Don't!
MATT	m	What in hell is wrong with you? You  actually think...
CATHY	f	I'm trying to hang in here but  everything in me cuts off when  somebody acts this way.
MATT	m	...that you can have my kid audition  for a show without asking me.
CATHY	f	I didn't... She went for water and  by the time she got back, they had  offered her the part. Blame Burke,  he was there...
MATT	m	What's the part, anyway?
CATHY	f	The white kid in a multi-racial foster  home with all these kids of varying  ages. It's not a bad show. I sure  can't wait to see the test.
MATT	m	How were they able to test her so  fast?
CATHY	f	No. They offered it to her off the  reading. I meant your test.
MATT	m	Oh... A child actor. Just what any  kid with problems needs to straighten  out--a series of her own...
MATT	m	You'll let me know as soon as they  see my test?
CATHY	f	Right away... You've got my vote.
JEANNIE	f	I'm doing it.
MATT	m	Not if I don't let you. That's the  law, the police law.
JEANNIE	f	Do I have to learn to read to be on  television?
MATT	m	You're going to have to learn to  look at me and listen to me and the  longer I have to wait THE ANGRIER
JEANNIE	f	I'm so mad.
MATT	m	Me too. Just listen.
JEANNIE	f	I don't... why?!?
MATT	m	Because I know about this. I have  worked with kid actors... They don't  have that much fun. They're inside  all day... they don't get to go to  regular schools or play with their  regular friends like Ricky and Essa. And their parents? You think I'm  going to be one of those parents,  sitting in one of those rooms, where  we all go crazy trying to jump start  our egos with our kids' sweat, all  the time smiling at each other like  our lives are working while we root  against everyone else's little girl? No!! No way! I can't!
JEANNIE	f	Okay. So, no, you're cuckoo anyway.  I won't do it. And I don't care  because I'm be stupid at it anyway.
MATT	m	Pick it up, Jeannie.
MATT	m	Let's work on it.
BURKE	m	So how do you think 'Ground Zero'  will do tonight?
BURKE	m	How do you think my movie will do  tonight?
NAN	f	I'm not going to talk to you during  Matt's screentest.
BURKE	m	How bad can it be? We've got to have  at least a two million dollar Friday.  There's nothing else out there.
CATHY	f	Please.
BURKE	m	I'm watching...
BURKE'S VOICE	m	Stop playing with that thing.
ACTRESS	f	C'mon, Deeds, tell me about the  meeting.
MATT	m	What's wrong?
ACTRESS	f	Don't worry about my crying. As a  matter of fact, crying turns me on.
MATT	m	Well, in that case, your dog died.
ACTRESS	f	What happened at the meeting?
MATT	m	I can't remember. You're too pretty. Oh, I told them I'd keep on being  Chairman. I'm Chairman, you know.
ACTRESS	f	I know.
MATT	m	Told them I'd keep on being Chairman  if they hired everybody back.
ACTRESS	f	What did they say?
MATT	m	Oh, that I was crazy. You always  wear your hair back like that?
BURKE	m	Okay, come on... let's have our  creative meeting right here.
MALE D PERSON	m	Well, I'd sure go to bed with her.
BURKE	m	Very fuckable.
MALE CASTING PERSON	m	I'd sure fuck her.
BURKE	m	Okay... that's her... What about  him?
FEMALE D PERSON	f	I think he's a very good to excellent  actor--I do... But there's something...
BURKE	m	You wouldn't want to fuck him?
FEMALE D PERSON	f	Well, six years ago, maybe.
CLAIRE	f	I think he's talented and attractive.
BURKE	m	So you'd want to fuck him?
CLAIRE	f	He might be light in that area.
CATHY	f	The man is talented. If you get one  of those directors who like actors,  I think...
BURKE	m	A director can't make you hot if  you're not hot. You'll end up with  warm which is death.
CATHY	f	We laughed.
BURKE	m	Let me ask you something... Would  you fuck him?
CATHY	f	Everything doesn't boil down to...
BURKE	m	Let me stop you before you embarrass  yourself.
BURKE	m	We all can do our little lectures on  what things boil down to. Everybody  else here was professional enough to  come out and say... I'd fuck her...  I wouldn't fuck him... and you're  ducking it... I want you to forget  the acting stuff and totally focus  on the issue.
BURKE	m	We do have some kind of responsibility  to the audience... You just saw his  screentest... so, if this is the  first time you saw the guy, do you  come out thinking to yourself and  your girl friends, 'I'd sure go to  bed with him; oh God, would he be  something.' Would you, Cathy?... I'm  being real here.
CATHY	f	No...
BURKE	m	Okay, so let's keep looking.
CATHY	f	Hello. Matt... Hi... Okay, sure...
CATHY	f	Matt... Matt... Matt... Maybe it would be  easier if I just said 'hi' to her...  Hi, Jeannie... Yes, it's exciting...  No, no. He's right, honey, they get  somebody to read it to you. Now, put  your dad on--it's important. No,  first put your dad on... DAMN IT! ...Matt. Uh-huh, a few hours ago...  They all... everyone liked your work,  but I think they'll go for a name or  something.
CATHY	f	It's not a matter of doing it  differently... they liked what you  did, a lot... they laughed and...  it's not you... it's them. No, please. Don't thank me. If you  feel like getting together later or  anytime, call me, okay? You sound  like you have your hands full right  now... Goodbye.
JEANNIE	f	I wanted to talk to her again...
JEANNIE	f	Dad? Daddy?
MATT	m	Everything's okay... I'm sorry I  forgot to put you back on with Cathy.
JEANNIE	f	You didn't cried because of that...  I don't even want to talk to her.
JEANNIE	f	Dad. Can I say just one thing?
JEANNIE	f	You've got to make me supper.
VOICE	m	You have reached the Warner's Hotline.  Estimated Box Office Grosses for  Friday, December 3rd, Weekend Number  49, are as follows in millions of  dollars.
PHONE VOICE	m	Due to the high volume of calls, we  must ask you to wait till a line is  clear...
PHONE VOICE	m	Thanks for waiting. Weekend 49 grosses  follow in millions of dollars.  'Belligerence,' 714 theaters. Two- point-one-eight million, down 46  percent.
PHONE VOICE	m	'Best Girl,' 1,820 theaters, six- point-four million, up 24 percent.
BURKE	m	Cappuccino movies.
PHONE VOICE	m	Opening this weekend, 'Double Dare  Two,' 1,870 theaters, fourteen-point- three million.
PHONE VOICE	m	'Ground Zero,' 2,110 theaters, no  million, point four thousand dollars.
BURKE	m	I'm going to pieces... The picture was budgeted at 21 million  and I spent 49 so they were a little  mad at me to begin with. Now it  doesn't open even with an Arby's  Roast Beef tie-in... I mean, we only  averaged 300 dollars a theater...  they're going to think I'm Woody  Allen.
MATT	m	I don't think you have to worry about  that.
BURKE	m	Thanks. But this is private. What  about the exit survey? Did we do  good with any group at all?
NAN'S VOICE	f	I can't hear you, but--hi, Matt-- that was funny.
MATT	m	Hi.
NAN'S VOICE	f	'I don't think you have to worry  about that?'
BURKE	m	Did we do well with any group at  all?
NAN'S VOICE	f	Eleven-year-old boys in the South.
NAN'S VOICE	f	Burke? Burke? Matt, is he...
BURKE	m	I'll see you later. Goodbye.
NAN'S VOICE	f	But, hon...
BURKE	m	I'm all alone... At least there's that.
MATT	m	Are you going to need me? The kids  are rehearsing and I'd like to take  a look.
BURKE	m	Yeah, sure. I have to stay inside  during lunch hours now anyway--that's  when everybody returns my calls  because they're trying to miss me.
MATT	m	Is that true?
BURKE	m	Yeah. Thanks for the support.
MATT	m	I bet I know what it looks like to  you.
JEANNIE	f	What?
MATT	m	A giant "find Waldo."
JEANNIE	f	Very funny.
PASSING VOICE	m	Five minutes, children, then we need  you for work on the set.
JEANNIE	f	Set?
MATT	m	That pretend living room, right over  there.
JEANNIE	f	Okay. Set. Bye...
MATT	m	Wait a second, Jeannie. Let Daddy  give you a few tips here.
JEANNIE	f	Nooo. I've got to get to work.
JEANNIE	f	Is this the set?
PASSING VOICE	m	Parents to Room Two, please. Parents to Room Two, please.
PASSING VOICE	m	We have to clear the set.
PASSING VOICE	m	This way, parents.
CATHY	f	I'm glad I found you.
MATT	m	Hi.
CATHY	f	You holding up? What did you do last  night after I called?
MATT	m	What do you think I did? I cried  like a baby.
CATHY	f	Okay. Okay. So you don't want to  tell me. Be a tough guy.
MATT	m	Now you got it.
CATHY	f	I feel relieved just seeing you after  all that stuff... whew... Okay. Burke wants to...
MATT	m	You ever go out with him?
CATHY	f	Yes.
MATT	m	You slept with him?
CATHY	f	Yes.
MATT	m	Did you hate it?
CATHY	f	Eventually.
MATT	m	Good Lord.
CATHY	f	This is the thing that makes me  nervous about you... You keep on  assuming I'm nicer than I am.
JEANNIE	f	DAD!!
JEANNIE	f	There's such trouble.
DIRECTOR	m	She's very worried about being able  to pretend cry when she has to and  she doesn't get it about memorizing.  That's all.
JEANNIE	f	That's all?!?
JEANNIE	f	This isn't going to be good.
MATT	m	Not with that attitude.
MATT	m	It's just that they... Well, did  they tell you what an audience is?
JEANNIE	f	I know what an audience is.
MATT	m	Good. Now, because there's an  audience, they want you to know all  the words you have to say really  well. And since you can't read yet... ...you're going to have to be patient  and try hard. I can help you.
JEANNIE	f	Can you help me to cry?
MATT	m	Yes. I can. I can help make it okay. Trust  me.
JEANNIE	f	I miss my mother bigger than you  know.
MATT	m	Not yet. Don't grab. Thank you. We really appreciate this.  Hi, Beth. I...
JEANNIE	f	Mom? No... Nothing... Nothing...  Nothing. Nothing... Would you talk?  I'd just like to listen to you...  Wait. Let me sit down.
JEANNIE	f	Dad says he's going to make me to  really cry.
MATT	m	Jeannie, your mom's not going to  understand what you mean.
JEANNIE	f	She understands!!! He's being terrible right now. I love, loved, the coloring book you  sent me. Goodbye. Wait. I love you.  Let me hang up first. Love you. Send  me a letter. Bye. And a beaded T- shirt. Bye.
MATT	m	Why don't you let me be on your side  for a second?
JEANNIE	f	I can't even understand what you're  saying now.
MATT	m	Do you know what trust means?
JEANNIE	f	Not very.
MATT	m	It means that even if something is  hard to believe, you believe someone  you trust because you know he wouldn't  say it unless it were true.
JEANNIE	f	I understand. So I don't trust  anybody, right?
MATT	m	Yeah, I think you get the concept.
JEANNIE	f	You don't make sense. I don't  understand you.
MATT	m	I think you do.
MATT	m	Just know that...
JEANNIE	f	Okayyyy!
MATT	m	You want to help me make a phone  call?
MATT	m	Seven... two...
JEANNIE	f	Who are we calling?
MATT	m	Cathy. She's very nice. One... six...
JEANNIE	f	"Very nice..." One...
JEANNIE'S VOICE	m	Hi... What now?
JEANNIE'S VOICE	m	How are you?
CATHY	f	Jeannie... I can't talk now because...
JEANNIE	f	Wait, my dad wants to...
CATHY	f	Tell him I can't talk 'cause I'm on  the phone with a director...
JEANNIE	f	He wants to talk to you very much  and...
CATHY	f	I can't. I have to hang up.
MATT	m	You have to understand that sometimes  people are too busy.
JEANNIE	f	So she's too busy for you?
BURKE	m	We look like jerks eating here this  early. Everybody's going to think we  couldn't get a reservation for the  hot hours.
NAN	f	Why do you do this to yourself? Why  do you insist on eating dinner in a  restaurant where you're bound to see  all the people you're afraid of?
BURKE	m	I'm not afraid of them.
NAN	f	What do you call it when you think  that what a group of people think of  you can confirm or destroy any decent  idea you have of yourself?
BURKE	m	Normal.
NAN	f	How did little Jeannie do today?
BURKE	m	Isn't it something that they have  you testing the TV show?
NAN	f	What I asked was, how did Jeannie  do?
BURKE	m	What are you talking about?
NAN	f	Somebody else. Jeannie. How did she  do?
BURKE	m	Don't talk to me like this.
NAN	f	I want to be treated as if I'm really  saying words to you which you engage  and respond to. I like Matt; I'd  like to know how his daughter did.  So before you take your dance of  desperation across the restaurant  and I end up feeling so sorry for  you that I could die, I would like  you to answer my question.
BURKE	m	She did okay... and don't worry about  Matt... If the pilot sells, his kid  will be making five thousand a week.  So what do you know about 'People  Get Hurt?'
NAN	f	I'm told that they're not going to  release it...
BURKE	m	I knew. I knew. What the hell are  you smiling for?
NAN	f	Forgive me. But telling you about  this latest failure of yours--it  pleases me. I have no idea why.
BURKE	m	I can't be with someone who's not  rooting for me.
NAN	f	I think I am. It's just that rooting  for you is a good deal more  complicated than you realize. Don't go.
BURKE	m	Don't worry. I'm not that mad. I  gotta do this.
BURKE	m	Sorry. I thought you were someone  else.
BURKE	m	Nan, you know Victor and his wife... and Jay and his wife...
NAN	f	Yes. I'm sorry I can't talk now. I'm  very upset about what's happening to  Burke, so I just made up my mind I  can't be witness to it anymore if I  love him and I certainly shouldn't  be here if I don't... so I was just  in the process of leaving when he  stopped me and you folks walked in...  I'm sure you've had something like  this happen to you some time... some  horrible thing in your personal life  happening in public.
NAN	f	Thank you for understanding. Goodbye. I wish only good things for  you even though I feel I've been  really damaged by this relationship.
COUPLES	f	Wasn't that spectacular? I've never  seen anybody that secure...
BURKE	m	Thank you. Thank you. We're very  close.
NAN	f	You don't understand that I'm  exhausted from hurting. I'm through  with you.
BURKE	m	Excuse me, we're working our shit  out... I'm sure it happened to you...  you know, private stuff in public.
JEANNIE	f	I don't know if I've been bad. I  know somebody's been bad. ...maybe it's you.
JEANNIE	f	Oh, I love you so much, I love you  so much... I love you so much.
MATT	m	I hope that makes you feel a whole  lot better, Chile... 'Cause it sure  goes a long way to cure what ails  me.
JEANNIE	f	I can't believe I...
MATT	m	...got in this much...
JEANNIE	f	...got in this much trouble. .
MATT	m	Right. Over a...
JEANNIE	f	Word?
MATT	m	Yes. 'I can't believe I got in this  much trouble over a word.' Now do  you know what she means when she  says that?
JEANNIE	f	I don't want to talk about it--just  say her stuff so I know mine.
MATT	m	No.
MATT	m	It's your choice... But I'm not  helping unless you try to understand  as well as memorize. It will be fun.  Come on. I know it's hard...
JEANNIE	f	Okay. Okay...
MATT	m	Anything to shut me up, huh? Okay,  this little girl you're pretending  to be... she can't be with her Mommy  either, just like you, or her  father... she has to stay in Rainbow  House which is called that because... Jeannie... ...because everyone's a different  color... so when this little girl  calls the black lady who takes care  of all the children this terrible  word... it's like the worst thing  anybody can do... Come here.
JEANNIE	f	I don't want to do the 'I love you'  again.
MATT	m	Yeah, I might have been working you  too hard on that one.
JEANNIE	f	Yeah. Why don't you do that with  poopie Cathy?
MATT	m	Now, did the director tell you how  he wanted you to do it?
JEANNIE	f	He said to smile all the time almost  and to talk... uh...
MATT	m	Faster?
JEANNIE	f	Yes.
MATT	m	Okay. We don't always get good  directors, so it's important for  us...
JEANNIE	f	Me. You're not in the show.
MATT	m	I'm referring to the family of actors,  you little shithead.
JEANNIE	f	This is so good...
MATT	m	It's a breakfast burrito. It's what  actors eat when they're working.
JEANNIE	f	Really.
MATT	m	Now, let's work a little more. The  most important acting you do is when  you listen. You're worried about  being able to cry when you're supposed  to, right?
JEANNIE	f	Yes. So much.
MATT	m	Well, there are really only two ways  to do it. Think of something that  makes you really sad... or forget  you're you and really forget you're  pretending...
JEANNIE	f	How do I do that one?
MATT	m	'Don't test me, child! I could eat  you for lunch when I was your age  and I'm a hell of a lot bigger now!'
MATT	m	That's it... You just looked at me  and acted right without even thinking.  And there are games you can play to  help you with this. Get up... Now, be my mirror... do exactly what  I do... that's it... now, at a certain  point, I'm going to become your  mirror, but I'm not going to tell  you when... you tell me...
JEANNIE	f	Now?
MATT	m	Okay. We're going to make up words.  The words aren't what matter now.
JEANNIE	f	I'm on a roof...
MATT	m	You're a great dad.
JEANNIE	f	You're a...
A.D.	?	They need you.
JEANNIE	f	Okay.
MATT	m	You're welcome. Don't mention it.
MATT	m	I'm a free man. Let's go to your  house and break the answering machine.
CATHY	f	You know, I could get away now. But  I've got a big meeting later. We'd  better take two cars.
CATHY	f	See you later. Thanks again.
MATT	m	I hope it's you.
CATHY'S VOICE ON SPEAKER	f	Hi.
MATT	m	So this is how the big ones make  out.
CATHY'S VOICE	f	Matt, will you take me off the  speaker?
MATT	m	What's the matter?
CATHY	f	I don't know whether I'm being a  coward for telling you this way or  brave for telling you period... Can  you hear me?
MATT	m	Yes.
CATHY	f	But I better talk fast because this  is where my phone always kicks out...  When we did your screentest... Can  you hear me?
MATT	m	Yes.
CATHY	f	Well, I sort of folded on you at the  end.
CATHY	f	Matt?
MATT	m	You didn't like what I did?
CATHY	f	I did. Truly. But the discussion got  sort of dumb. It was a question of  sexiness.
MATT	m	That's what it came down to?
CATHY	f	Well, sort of, yes.
MATT	m	You folded on whether or not I'm  sexy. You don't think I'm sexy...  and you expressed that to...
CATHY	f	Well, I'll tell you. I certainly  must think so pretty much because I  feel great about where we're going  now...
CATHY	f	Are you very mad at me?
MATT	m	No. You were just... Aw, damn it, I  am. Very. Yes.
FIRST VOICE	m	...number seven at the box office  this week-end is...
VOICE NUMBER TWO	m	...the two words are Tom Cruise.
THIRD VOICE	m	...becoming the first lawyer to be  awarded his own star on Hollywood  Boule...
BURKE	m	Hello, Nan. I hope it's not too late  to call.
BURKE	m	I'd like another chance.
NAN	f	You only think you feel that way  because you're on the verge of failure  and you're without a core...
BURKE	m	See. Nobody else gets me. You wanna have a little sex, honey?
NAN	f	You know I've never hung up on anybody  in my life... because what if the  next thing they said solved  everything... but I must end this  conversation.
MATT	m	Hello.
BURKE	m	Hi, Matt, this is Burke. I'm sorry  to bother you at home, but you know  Nan... We were going out a little  and I could use another guy's slant  on what's just happened.
MATT	m	I don't think I can get into this...
BURKE	m	Why? Did I catch you at a bad time?
MATT	m	Worse. You caught me at a bad time  you caused.
BURKE	m	Oh, you mean about the screentest.  The whole room thought you did good  work.
MATT	m	Thanks.
BURKE	m	Yeah, look, I'm not going to bother  you about my thing.
MATT	m	Yeah. Okay, good night.
WARM-UP MAN	m	...pilot for a new show called  'Rainbow House'. Just listen to our  band and I'll be back to tell you  more and make you love me...
A.D.	?	...and when you're in the audience,  make sure you laugh and applaud even  when it's somebody else's kid...
A.D.	?	You're not allowed near the stage.  We only have a few minutes...
A.D.	?	Let me know if you see the little  white girl.
MATT	m	Jeannie.
MATT	m	Just remember. You're not even here  tonight. There's only this other  little girl that you're pretending  to be who lives at Rainbow House.
JEANNIE	f	...and who just vomited.
JEANNIE	f	I just found out that we bow before  we even do anything.
MATT	m	Great.
JEANNIE	f	And everybody claps.
MATT	m	Great.
JEANNIE	f	I made up a great bow. You going to  look?
MATT	m	Wouldn't miss it.
JEANNIE	f	I'm not going to be able to cry.  It's too hard for me.
MATT	m	Hey, then they'll just give you more  chances after everyone leaves.
BURKE	m	Look at you. You're all here because  of what's on the line for me tonight.  Having this many people in your corner  helps more than I would have ever  guessed. I'm just very grateful that  I made you come.
CATHY	f	Matt. Matt. Matt.
MATT	m	I don't want to miss her introduction.
CATHY	f	I'll talk fast. It's amazing news.  Oliver Stone's been looking for a  comedy and...
MATT	m	I've got to see my kid.
CATHY	f	...he's doing my picture.
MATT	m	Hey. Good.
CATHY	f	Part of this involves you. He  remembers you from 'Platoon' and  wants to use you in this one. Got your attention, huh?
MATT	m	Oh, Cathy. Look, I'm going to watch  this. Let me talk to you later or  tomorrow. Thanks for your help. It's  good news. Gotta go.
WARM-UP MAN'S VOICE	m	First, in her first appearance ever,  Jeannie Hobbs...
MATT	m	Shit.
CATHY	f	I'm sorry.
MATT	m	Why couldn't you wait till later?  Shit.
CATHY	f	I guess it's because I'm just  incredibly insensitive to all human  needs. I'd ask you to save me, but  I'm so far gone, I wouldn't want you  to waste your time.
MATT	m	Huh?
CATHY	f	You know, I don't have a kid or a  mate or a talent. I got this. And shoot me if I think it's  important.
CATHY	f	You think I'm a superficial jerk. You can't be right.
MATT	m	I think you're the best of the bunch.
CATHY	f	Oh, great.
BURKE	m	What do you think?
MATT	m	Wait. This is it.
JEANNIE	f	It's like everyone is pi... ticked  off at me because I'm not colored.
SHORT WHITE MAN	m	The word is black.
BLACK LEAD ACTRESS	m	The word is African American.
BURKE	m	I had them bring in two busloads of  people from black churches.
BLACK LEAD ACTRESS	m	Now you use it in a sentence.
JEANNIE	f	Look at me, I...
WHOLE AUDIENCE	m	Awwwww.
BLACK LEAD ACTRESS	m	Go ahead. Use it in a sentence.
JEANNIE	f	Look at me. I love an African  American.
BLACK LEAD ACTRESS	m	Look at me. I love a little redneck.
MATT	m	You little stinker!
JEANNIE	f	You big stinker.
MATT	m	My little stinker.
JEANNIE	f	My big stinker.
FLOOR MANAGER	m	It's okay, Jeannie. Take a minute.  We just need to get that hug at the  end.
MATT	m	Amazing, right?
FLOOR MANAGER	m	You were great.
JEANNIE	f	Thank you. That's nice.
MATT	m	You look happy.
JEANNIE	f	I loved it, Daddy.
MATT	m	You want me to put you down?
JEANNIE	f	No. This is okay.
MATT	m	Okay... Now, you're not finished  until you hug the lady just like you  did me.
MATT	m	I'm very proud of you. I love you  more than anybody.
JEANNIE	f	When I had to cry, I thought of you  buried in the ground.
MATT	m	Give me a kiss.
BLACK LEAD ACTRESS	m	Do you have any idea how special you  were? That looks like a 'yes.' You've got  to get dressed for the party.
JEANNIE	f	There's more? What will I wear?
BLACK LEAD ACTRESS	m	Go to wardrobe; they'll give you  anything you want.
NAN	f	It didn't sell.
MATT	m	This show didn't sell?!? How do you  know so fast?
NAN	f	It's the first time they had me do  cards for a pilot and the demographics  are all wrong for after nine o'clock.  That's their only opening.
NAN	f	Hi. I'm Nan. I'm a good friend of  your Dad's.
JEANNIE	f	Hello, Nan. I'm Jeannie. Did you see  it?
NAN	f	Yes, and you were wonderful. 89 percent likeability. And knowing that you were that good  means so much more than the show not  going.
JEANNIE	f	What?
NAN	f	Oh, no. I couldn't help it.
JEANNIE	f	What does she mean? What do you mean? What does she mean? What do you mean?
MATT	m	That they're not going to be doing  any more of these shows right now-- but...
JEANNIE	f	Oh, my God.
MATT	m	Honey...
JEANNIE	f	And that means they're not going to  have a party?
MATT	m	No. They're still having the party.
JEANNIE	f	Oh... really?... good... can we stay  late?
MATT	m	Honey, we're going to close the place.
MILLIE	f	I cast him so he has to dance with  me, but I'm sure he'd prefer dancing  with you.
BOY	m	Come on. You know how?
JEANNIE	f	Yesssssss.
BURKE	m	I'm not comfortable with television  anyway... it's too small... I'm much  better at something with size... I  don't do itzy. Even this movie of  Cathy's--it's small... medium small.  But with Stone it takes on a certain  volume where I start to feel  comfortable. I hate my life... ...in a way. I had a drink in my  office. I'm confused. You're not  saying anything. Is it because you're  not listening or because I haven't  stopped talking?
MATT	m	This Oliver Stone thing... does he  really want me?
BURKE	m	Yeah. Oh, yeah. I forgot to say  congratu...
MATT	m	Which part?
BURKE	m	Which one you want?
MATT	m	One of the two leads wouldn't be  bad.
BURKE	m	No. It's the crippled factory owner.
MATT	m	Best part in the movie.
BURKE	m	Wait a second.
MATT	m	I want to see my kid.
BURKE	m	A second--look, they're taking the  cast picture now anyway.
BURKE	m	She doesn't look anything like the  women I usually go with. And you  know what they say, "beauty fades."  What they don't say is that it fades  very slowly.
MATT	m	You don't think I can tell you what  to do?
BURKE	m	No. Only I can do that. I want you  to tell me what to feel... Look. I trust her. More important,  everyone does. You have no idea how  impressed people are with her. She's  smart. She's interesting. You never  know what she'll say next... Her  work is amazing. I like talking to  her. You have no idea what to expect  next. I respect what she does more  than any writer or director--sincerely-- much more unusual--much more  important. So?
MATT	m	Good luck.
BURKE	m	Dance with me. On a business basis.
NAN	f	No. But I'll dance with you because I  think it will reassure me that I  should have nothing to do with you.
BURKE	m	I'll take it.
NAN	f	Why are you breathing so heavy?
BURKE	m	Nervous... Look, let's move our thing  in a more regular direction.
NAN	f	What do you mean?
BURKE	m	Let me think. What if we go out this weekend... ...with your kid.
NAN	f	...whose name is?
BURKE	m	Whose name is... Leslie.
NAN	f	Okay.
JEANNIE	f	Last ones here.
MATT	m	Well, I told you.
MATT	m	I never got to see your bow.
JEANNIE	f	Oh, all right.

