MRS. BRUCE	f	KISS! The devil's music!
BOYS SINGING	m	"I wanna rock 'n' roll all night and  party every day!"
HAWK	m	Thank you, Cleveland! You're a great  crowd. But after three and a half  hours of kick-ass rock and seven  encores on top of that, I'm sorry to  say that this time we really gotta  get back to our hotel rooms and fuck  some groupies.
LEX	m	What the fuck, Trip? That's my bass!
JAM	m	That was curly!
TRIP	m	Just one more day of school to get  through, girls, before tomorrow  night... Live! COBO Hall! Detroit, Michigan! You wanted the best!
ALL FOUR BOYS	m	You got the best! The hottest band  in the world... KISS!!
LEX	m	Shit! It's Jam's mom!
JAM	m	My mom? Oh, no! What's she doing  here?
MRS. BRUCE	f	Jeremiah! Jeremiah Bruce! You get  out here this instant!
JAM	m	Oh, hi, mom.
JAM	m	What's up?
MRS. BRUCE	f	The devil's body count, that's what's  up! Don't you know what KISS stands  for? "Knights in Satan's Service!"
TRIP	m	Jam has yet to do an overnight with  us.
LEX	m	I had a nightmare once that something  like this might happen. I hope he  doesn't get grounded again. If he  misses Peter Criss's drum solo, I  don't know if he'll be able to handle  it.
HAWK	m	Lex, quit trying to always jinx  things. Don't worry, dudes. Nobody's  missing that concert tomorrow night.
JAM	m	Hello?
HAWK	m	Jam, listen up.
JAM	m	Hawk?
HAWK	m	Just listen up, man, cause we are in  a quandary.
HAWK	m	Are you on the crapper with one of  those antenna phones? Sounds like  you're taking a dump the size of  Butte, Montana.
JAM	m	It's my Bullworker.
HAWK	m	Anyway, listen up. They're gone!
JAM	m	What's gone?
HAWK	m	The KISS tickets, you nimrod! They're  just fuckin' gone! Please tell me  you have'm!
JAM	m	Gone!? Why would I have the KISS  tick...?
HAWK	m	Just check whatever you were wearing  last night. Now!
JAM	m	Whew! Oh, God, Hawk... I got'm!   Somehow I musta taken Trip's jacket  by mistake!
HAWK	m	He's got'm!
HAWK	m	Trip, he took your jacket by mistake.   You must be wearing Jam's.
HAWK	m	Cool.
JAM	m	I'm really sorry about that, man.
HAWK	m	Don't be a fembot. So, are you like  grounded because of last night, or  what?
JAM	m	Of course, but has that ever stopped  me before? Besides, my mom's going  to some church meeting and won't be  back till late. No sweat... See you  guys in school.
LEX	m	Poor, Jam, man. Imagine having to  stash your KISS records inside Carly  Simon album covers. No question,  Mrs. Bruce is a psycho-bitch from  hell.
TRIP	m	You're one to talk, Lex. Your mom's  a fuckin' dyke.
LEX	m	Trip, a female gynecologist does not  a lesbian make. And even if it did,  at least my mom didn't give birth to  me while she was on LSD.
TRIP	m	Shrooms! And even if it was LSD, I  can still give my mom a kiss without  smelling the catch of the day.
HAWK	m	Both you assholes, SHADDAP!
HAWK	m	Enough of the mom-bashing, all right?   Lex's mom is cool about us crashing  over here while she's out of town.  And if it weren't for Trip's mom, we  wouldn'ta smoked that fine Panama  Red last night. So leave the women  who gave you life out of it. They're  both cool.
LEX	m	Trip, you fuckin' asshole.
TRIP	m	What?
LEX	m	You spilled my Sea Monkeys all over  the bed.
MRS. BRUCE	f	Jeremiah, what are you doing?
JAM	m	Uhh... nothing.
JAM	m	Ahh, sunshine.
MRS. BRUCE	f	You're going to be late if you don't  hurry up and change soon.
JAM	m	Change? What's wrong with what I got  on?
MRS. BRUCE	f	It's dirty laundry for one thing and  for another, you still haven't worn  the clothes I bought you. You're  skating on thin ice already, young  man, so I wouldn't push my luck. Now  get out of those rags.
JAM	m	But, mom!
MRS. BRUCE	f	Besides, those jeans are so tight I  can see your penis.
MRS. BRUCE	f	Someday you'll see the futility in  forging a musical career with those  idiots.
JAM	m	They're not idiots.
MRS. BRUCE	f	Now don't forget you're on the honor  system tonight. I'll be home a little  after one and if you've been partying  or playing that satanic KISS music...  well, need I remind you of the  consequences?
JAM	m	Grounded for the rest of the year?
MRS. BRUCE	f	You're a smart boy, Jeremiah. And so  handsome.
TRIP	m	School. What a fuckin' waste of time.
HAWK	m	Will somebody please tell those chicks  disco is dead.
LEX	m	Stellas. I hate stellas almost as  much as I hate dogs.
TRIP	m	Same species when you think about  it.
GIRL #1	f	Don't stare too long, you'll go blind.
LEX	m	Yeah, right. She wishes. Look at  that big ass.
TRIP	m	You know what they say about a big  ass... big shit.
TRIP	m	Hey, that dork looks just like Jam.
LEX	m	Shit, that dork is Jam.
TRIP	m	So, Jam, who did your wardrobe, Tad  the preppie sailboat captain?
JAM	m	Hey, my mom had me over a barrel,  all right. After last night, I had  to let her dress me today. It's a  give and take relationship.
LEX	m	Yeah, she gives you shit and you  take it.
HAWK	m	Okay, enough. Enough. Gimme the  tickets. I wanna hold onto them.
JAM	m	They're still at my house in Trip's  jacket.
HAWK	m	They're what?
JAM	m	She was standing right over me when  I was changing for fuck's sake.
TRIP	m	That's some sick shit right there.   Did she comb your ass hair for you  too?
LEX	m	If your mom so much as smells those  tickets, they're history, and we get  screwed outta seeing KISS for the  third year in a row, the third year!
JAM	m	Don't worry about it. They're  perfectly safe. We can pick them up  after school. My mom won't be home.  It's no problem.
HAWK	m	All right. After school we double- time it to your house for the tix  before heading to the train station  for the 2:45 to Detroit Rock City.
JAM	m	Check.
HAWK	m	As they say in the Tampon biz, see  you next period.
JAM	m	Oof! Sorry.
BETH	f	No problem.
JAM	m	Thanks.
JAM	m	Beth?
BETH	f	Yes?
JAM	m	Ow!
STUDY HALL TEACHER	m	Mr. Bruce, Miss Bumsteen, is there a  problem?
BETH	f	No. No problem.
JAM	m	Just a little pink eye. No reason to  panic.
BETH	f	Sorry.
JAM	m	It's okay.
BETH	f	Jeremiah?
JAM	m	Yeah?
BETH	f	I wanted to tell you something...
PRINCIPAL'S VOICE	m	Jeremiah Bruce, come to the office  immediately...
WHOLE CLASS	m	Oooo, you're in troubaaaallll.
PRINCIPAL'S VOICE	m	Your mother's here and would like to  see you right away...
MRS. BRUCE'S VOICE	f	Give me that microphone... Jeremiah,  you get your sorry self down to this  office, mister!
MRS. BRUCE'S VOICE	f	I found some things in the pockets  of your jacket while I was picking  up your disgusting laundry today...
MRS. BRUCE'S VOICE	f	Cigarettes! Marijuana! Prophylactics!
MRS. BRUCE'S VOICE	f	And something much, much worse!
TRIP	m	Holy shit, my jacket!
MRS. BRUCE'S VOICE	f	If you know what's good for you,  you'll get down here... NOW!
MRS. BRUCE	f	I made an appointment with Father  Phillip McNulty at St. Bernard's.   We're to see him directly where he  will register you on the spot.
JAM	m	You mean, you're sending me to... b- b-boarding school?
MRS. BRUCE	f	What else can I do? Oh, records and  magazines and comic books are one  thing, but tickets? TICKETS? Jeremiah,  do you realize what this means? That  you're no longer content merely  hearing their awful songs or looking  at photos of their horrific faces!  Now you want to see the devil in the  flesh. You want to reach out and  touch pure evil... and in Detroit no  less!
JAM	m	Mom, three of those tickets don't  even belong to me. They're for the  guys.
MRS. BRUCE	f	And if the "guys" have parents who  truly love them, they will elevate  me to sainthood for getting rid of  these blasted things.
MRS. BRUCE	f	It's been a long time coming, son,  but you're finally going to get the  kind of discipline you deserve.
LEX	m	I knew it! I knew this was gonna  happen! I had a bad feeling since  last night. Remember? We are so  totally fucked!
TRIP	m	Waitaminit, dudes! I got it! Maybe  we can glue the tickets back together!
HAWK	m	What are you, high?
TRIP	m	Yeah.
HAWK	m	For once Lex is right. It's over.  Things can't get any worse from here.
VOICE	m	I hope you rodents have hall passes!
LEX	m	Wanna bet.
ELVIS	m	Could that be three detentions I  smell?
HAWK	m	Second floor girls' john! Two minutes!  He'll never look there!
LEX	m	Check!
HAWK	m	You're way out of your league, Elvis.
TRIP	m	Fuck! Shit!
LEX	m	Hey, take it easy, man. This is the  girls' crapper, remember?
TRIP	m	Wake up, Lex! We just watched Jam's  mom torch our fuckin' KISS tickets!  Not REO Speedwagon! Not Journey! Not  the Bay City Rollers! KISS! If you  can think of a better reason to trash  a bathroom, I'd sure like to hear  it!
LEX	m	Trip, it's not the end of the world,  okay? Quit acting all squeezed out.
TRIP	m	Oh, everything's hunky-dory now that  the shit hit the fan just like you  said it would, you snug sonofabitch!  You fuckin' jinxed us!
LEX	m	Smug, Trip! Not snug, smug.
HAWK	m	We're clear, dudes.
HAWK	m	A skirt just came around the corner.
HAWK	m	That's Sherry VanHafton.
LEX	m	I've been in love with her since the  second grade.
HAWK	m	Whoa... she just farted.
LEX	m	I have never heard a girl squeeze  cheese in my entire life.
HAWK	m	Weird...
TRIP	m	Peeeyeewww! That stinks!
LEX	m	Heh-heh, sorry.
MRS. BRUCE	f	Someday you'll have a son just like  you, Jeremiah. A boy who lies through  his teeth, buys demonic records, and  smokes the dope just like you.
JAM	m	If I'm anything like you, I'll deserve  him.
MRS. BRUCE	f	What?!
JAM	m	I said, I'm sorry!
MRS. BRUCE	f	If you truly are sorry, son, then  you better pray like you've never  prayed before. God willed me to find  those tickets because He wanted to  hear from you.  He knows you need  help and He wants you to ask Him for  it.
JAM	m	Please, God, help.
TRIP	m	Wonder if you could smoke shit out  of this?
HAWK	m	Maybe some tunage'll chase those  blues away.
DJ'S VOICE	m	...and this is Simple Simon on the  rock of Detroit, W.A.R.P., home of  the biggest KISS giveaway in the  history of the universe!
DJ'S VOICE	m	I got four, count 'em, four front  row tickets along with four backstage  passes to the concert tonight at  Cobo Hall and I'm giving them to the  106th caller who can tell me the  real names of each KISS band member!
LEX	m	Too bad we're stuck in electronics  or...
HAWK	m	Never mind with the too bad shit. I  got a crazy plan, but only the  craziest among us can pull it off.
MR.J	m	Mr. Verudi, get back to your bench.
TRIP	m	But I gotta take a piss like you  would not believe, Mr. Johansen!
MR.J	m	Put a clothespin on it till the end  of class, Verudi. You know my rule.
TRIP	m	But ever since my doctor put me on  salt pills, it's been like Niagara  Falls every half hour! Please, Mr.  J! Have mercy!
MR.J	m	Salt pills? Don't insult my  intelligence, Verudi...
TRIP	m	Jeezis, I'm taking a leak in my pants!
MR.J	m	Get the hell out of here, Verudi!  You disgust me!
TRIP	m	I need to be connected to the W.A.R.P.  contest hotline... Now... lady!...  Hello, is this me? I'm Trip.
TRIP ON RADIO	m	Am I on the air?... Yeah... Gene  Klein, Stanley Eisen, Paul Frehley,  and Peter, uh, Criscoula... yeah,  that's it!
SECRETARY	f	Moron.
ELVIS	m	Why you little...! Over my dead body!
TRIP	m	I did it! I did it! We won!
LEX	m	We won?!
HAWK	m	Fuckin' A! Woooooo!
TRIP	m	This is the best thing that ever  happened to me at school! Not only  are we on again for KISS in Detroit,  but we're actually sitting right at  the fifty yard line! I dare you dudes  to find a curlier scenario.
HAWK	m	Stan Lee couldn't think of a better  one.
LEX	m	The Chinese have a proverb: "That  which appears too good to be true,  usually is." There's gotta be a catch.
TRIP	m	Yeah? I have a saying too, Lex. It  goes, "Catch my jizz in your mouth  and stop jinxing us, asshole." We're  going this time and that's all there  is to it.
HAWK	m	I'm afraid our constipated little  friend is right this time, Trip.  There is a catch.
TRIP	m	Namely?
HAWK	m	Our band "Mystery" is a quartet and  we can't go on the road without our  drummer. Jam's mom said something  about sending him to St. Bernard's,  right? We gotta bust him out before  we go anywhere.
LEX	m	But... but, St. Bernard's is way the  hell over in the next county!
HAWK	m	So? Your mom's car has a CB, radar  detector and cruise control, check?
LEX	m	We are not stealing my mom's car.
HAWK	m	Damn straight we are.
LEX	m	Hawk, all I need is one ding on the  Volvo and presto! There are my balls  hanging from the rearview mirror  after she gets back from Cincinnati.
HAWK	m	And when is she due back from that  groinecologist's convention anyway?
LEX	m	Sunday, but...
HAWK	m	Then lighten up. She'll never know  we touched it. Alright, here's the  plan. We bus it to chez Lex, grab  the Volvo, bail Jam the hell outta  St. Bernard's and arrive at the train  station precisely on time for the  2:45 to Detroit.
TRIP	m	Simplicity, Hawk.
LEX	m	Simple-icity is more like it. And  you guys thought Jam was in trouble  before. Wait till Mrs. Bruce finds  out he went to that concert with us.
HAWK	m	There's only so much trouble an  individual can get into till it just  doesn't matter anymore, Lex. You  familiar with a condition known as  Absolute Zero?
LEX	m	The hypothetical temperature  characterized by the absence of heat  and even the slightest amount of  molecular activity? Yeah, I'm vaguely  familiar
HAWK	m	Well, Jam is in absolute trouble. He  couldn't get any deeper into shit if  he was a fly sitting in a horse's  ass. You know as well as me he'd  give his right arm just to see Peter  Criss's drum solo, never mind a whole  KISS concert, check?
HAWK	m	Well, the least we, his only buds in  the world, can do is take him along  with us tonight and give him one  last curl before he starts serving  his sentence.
TRIP	m	Just for the record, I understood  the last part of what you said, but  for a while there you guys were making  no fucking sense whatsoever.
HAWK	m	I was just explaining to Lex here  what you and I already know. Just  had to make it a little more  complicated so he'd understand.
LEX	m	Very funny, Hawk. Okay, I'm in on  this hare-brained scheme, but if  anything happens to my mom's car,  I'm blaming you. I'll say you drugged  me or something.
HAWK	m	Curly.
HAWK	m	Ok, dudes, follow my lead.
LEX	m	Wait a minute. We ditching the rest  of school?
TRIP	m	About fuckin' time if you ask me.  I'm just going through the motions  till I drop out anyway.
LEX	m	Hello summer detention.
HAWK	m	As I was saying, follow my lead. And  maintain. Elvis just showed up.
HAWK	m	Five second rule, boys. See you on  the other side.
ELVIS	m	Excuse me, ladies.
NERD	m	Hey, I'm responsible for that!
MISS HIBBS	f	Then a cry from the crow's nest...  "Thar she blows!"
ELVIS	m	KISS concert? Kiss my ass morelike.  A nice, fat detention oughta put a  crimp in this evening's plans.
ELVIS	m	Looking for something, rodents?
HAWK	m	Yeah, Elvis...
HAWK	m	..Your ass on a lunch tray.
HAWK	m	On your marks and...
HAWK	m	Fire!
HAWK	m	Elvis, you ain't nothin' but a hot  dog.
ELVIS	m	Nooooo!!
TRIP	m	Well, here we are back at fucking  school again.
LEX	m	Huh. St. Bernard's. Figures it's  named after a canine.
MRS. BRUCE	f	Again, many thanks and praise to you  for seeing Jeremiah on such short  notice.
FATHER MCNULTY	m	Anything for a potential tuition...  to be given to charity of course.
MRS. BRUCE	f	God bless you, Father McNulty.
FATHER MCNULTY	m	He already has.
FATHER MCNULTY	m	Before enrolling you, Jeremiah, let  me just say it would be greatly  appreciated if your career at St.  Bernard's was an uneventful one.  Some students believe they can get  expelled through disobedience and  recklessness. What they don't  understand is even after God's  vengeance is meted out, He forgives.  That His devastating anger is followed  by His nurturing compassion. In a  nutshell, St. Bernard's may punish  you even for the slightest digression,  but will never cast you out, even  for the largest. So here you are,  Jeremiah... here to stay!
FATHER MCNULTY	m	Let's begin the enrollment, shall  we?
LEX	m	Now, how are we gonna do this?
HAWK	m	Gimme a second, dudes. Lemme think.
TRIP	m	Mmm, pizza...
DELIVERY BOY	m	Hey, you guys know where... Philip McNutly's office is?
HAWK	m	Yeah, I'm Philip McNutly.
FATHER MCNULTY	m	Jeremiah, are you aware you need to  answer these questions, not just  listen to them? Jeremiah?
FATHER MCNULTY	m	Please don't become difficult this  early in your stay. I hate  disciplining boys before I get to  know them.
NUN	f	Forgive me, Father. A young man here  with a pizza for you?
FATHER MCNULTY	m	Ah, yes! Send him in Sister Conimaria.
FATHER MCNULTY	m	Well, what's the damage, pizza fellow?
HAWK	m	Ten even.
HAWK	m	If he offers you a slice, you're not  the least bit hungry, check?
JAM	m	Check.
FATHER MCNULTY	m	Here's ten and I'm donating your tip  to the church. The Lord thanks you.
HAWK	m	Tell the Big Guy not to mention it.
FATHER MCNULTY	m	And not a moment too soon. I'm  famished. I hope you brought a lunch  for yourself.
JAM	m	No, but I'm not hungry anyway.
FATHER MCNULTY	m	Well! It finally speaks. There's one  barrier we've broken through.
FATHER MCNULTY	m	You know, your coming here reminds  me of a gospel called The Prodigal  Son.
FATHER MCNULTY	m	There was once a farmer who had two  sons. Both grew up on the farm,  helping their father until...
FATHER MCNULTY	m	That was a very stale mushroom. Where was I?... Ah, yes, one day the  elder son decided to leave the farm...
TRIP	m	Usually takes anywhere from ten  minutes to half an hour.
HAWK	m	Shit! This is such a lousy view. How  the hell are we gonna know when he's  lit?
TRIP	m	He's lit.
FATHER MCNULTY	m	So then, the younger one says, "But  dad... I've been helping you on the  farm my entire life! You never once slaughtered the fatted  calf for me!" And then... Forgive me, Jeremiah, it's just  that... I've been telling this gospel  for years and... I just now realized  it's the work of some comedy  mastermind! The Prodigal Son is a  barrel of fucking monkeys!
NUN	f	You kids can't go in there!
HAWK	m	It's okay, we're old buds of Father  McNulty... How's it hangin', padre?
FATHER MCNULTY	m	A little to the right, pizza fellow.
HAWK	m	That was another dude. Anyway, we're  here to take our bud Jam to the big  satanic KISS concert tonight. Okay  with you?
FATHER MCNULTY	m	Rock on!
FATHER MCNULTY	m	Give my regards to the guy with the  really big tongue!
FATHER MCNULTY	m	What the hell are you doing, Sister  Gonorrhea, waiting for a bus?
FATHER MCNULTY	m	Jesus H. Christ, look at all the  colors.
JAM	m	Oh, man, my mom is gonna send me to  Alcatraz for this and I don't even  care! I'm gonna see Peter Criss's  drum solo!
LEX	m	Not looking like that, Mr. Rogers.
LEX	m	We got you a change of duds when we  picked up the car.
HAWK	m	Next stop: the 2:45 to Detroit Rock  City!
LEX	m	My mom's hubcap!
HAWK	m	Shit! Anybody know how long it takes to  fix a flat?
LEX	m	Jeezis, Hawk, can you at least keep  it within twenty miles of the speed  limit?
HAWK	m	Lex, am I gonna have to lock you in  the trunk till we reach Detroit?  Don't worry, these babies are built  for speed.
TRIP	m	I'm starvin' and it's way past  lunchtime.
HAWK	m	Totally. All I've had for chow was a  packet of Pop Rocks and a Yoo-hoo.
TRIP	m	Let's stop in Sandusky, Hawk.
HAWK	m	What's in Sandusky?
TRIP	m	Pizza, and I been jones-in' for a  pizza ever since we left St.  Bernard's.
HAWK	m	Only a car full of guidos and stellas  would ride someone's ass on a two- lane road and beep.
TRIP	m	Eyowch! This is one hot pizza!
LEX	m	Trip, huck that out before it stains  the upholstery!
KENNY	m	Stop singing... NOW!
BOBBY	m	Hey, Kenny, look! There's a hunk of  fawkin' cheese on your windsheel!
LEX	m	Holy shit! We just pissed off the  Incredible Hulk, his idiot half  brother and two circus clowns.
KENNY	m	Stop the friggin' car NOW!
JAM	m	Don't you think we should at least  pull over and offer to clean it off?
HAWK	m	What?! Are you mentally deranged,  Jam?
HAWK	m	What the fuck!
LEX	m	The paint!
KENNY	m	Do you realize the sheer, goddamn,  unadulterated, undiluted, no holds  barred, one hundred percent pure as  Ivory Snow, absolutely friggin'  STUPIDITY of what you just did?
HAWK	m	Hey, disco dude, it's cool...
KENNY	m	DO YOU?!
KENNY	m	Lemme paint you a friggin' picture  ahright? Imagine if you will a 1978  Pontiac Trans American in pristine  condition. An appealing portrait, nesspah?
KENNY	m	BUT WAIT! What's that spec on the  windshield? Could it be a wad of  melted mozzarella, tangy tomato sauce,  and various friggin' meat products?
HAWK	m	Could be.
KENNY	m	And if it ain't cleaned off?
CHRISTINE	f	Kenny, come on with the macho crap  already. Like this kid could take  you in a fight anyway.
KENNY	m	Answer me, hippie girl. And if the  mess ain't cleaned off my car?
HAWK	m	It could... bake on?
KENNY	m	You're a smart little homo, aren't  you, hippie girl? But, while astounded  at your nimble, friggin' insight, I  still detect an issue hanging fire,  namely: where does a sharp-witted  faggot like yourself get off doing  such a dopey thing like that there?
KENNY	m	No really, I'm perplexed. I mean,  could you have done stupider if you  were born without a FUCKIN' HEAD?!
CHRISTINE	f	Oh! With the language!
KENNY	m	Shut-up, Christine!
HAWK	m	Okay, Kenny? I don't mean to drain  your keg or anything, but could you  speed up this process? Don't get me wrong, we'd love to  stand here and get shit on by the  cast of Saturday Night Fever, but  we're also on a schedule. So step on  it.
KENNY	m	Are you gettin' wise with me?
HAWK	m	No, I'm dumber than a goddamn slug.  Now can I please clean your windshield  and leave without further ado?
BOBBY	m	Break his fawkin' legs, Kenny!
KENNY	m	Oh, you're dumb all right, you hairy  ass punk. But please, allow me to  clean the friggin' windshield. I  insist.
KENNY	m	There. Nice and clean.
KENNY	m	Oh, no, no, no! It's the fag band!
JAM	m	Whoa! This is about pizza! Let's  leave KISS out of it. Please.
KENNY	m	A bunch of guys who make bad music,  dress like freaks, and wear more  make-up than all my sisters combined?   These assholes must be stopped!
CHRISTINE	f	That's it, Kenny! I'm leaving!
BARBARA	f	Oh, Christine! You googatz in the  head or something? We're on the side  of the freakin' highway!
BOBBY	m	Let her go, Barbara, she'll come  back to Kenny. She always does... Right, Kenny?
KENNY	m	Kool and the Gang, now there's real  music.
KENNY	m	But this... is crap!
KENNY	m	So. All that having been said and  done, I believe we are ready for the  final topic of discussion. Namely:  Have you learned your lesson yet,  puke?
HAWK	m	Well, let's recap, shall we? You  slapped all of us, yelled at me,  used my head for a rag, threw me on  the ground and tossed our LOVE GUN 8- track under the wheels of a passing  semi. So, if the lesson was that you're a  dick with ears and a really bad  haircut, then, yes... I'd say we  learned it.
KENNY	m	Excuse me, I'm a little deef-a- hearin'. Can you repeat yourself?
HAWK	m	Okay. Ahem! You. Are. A. Dick. With.  Ears. And. A. Really. Bad. Haircut.
KENNY	m	Oh, yeah...?
KENNY	m	That's not what your mother said  last night.
HAWK	m	It's not, huh? Well, then, tell me...
HAWK	m	...what exactly did my mother say  last night?
HAWK	m	You heard me, prick. What did my  mother say last night?
KENNY	m	Okay, fagmo... I'll tell you what  your mother said last night. She said that I was the fuck of her  life.
HAWK	m	How would you like a nice Hawaiian  Punch?
KENNY	m	Sure.
LEX	m	Not so fast, stella.
BARBARA	f	When they wake up, they're gonna  come looking for you jerks. You best  hope they don't find you, cause if  they do, they're gonna kick your  asses.
HAWK	m	Right, stella, and we'll deserve it.   But let's really make it worth their  while.
HAWK	m	By the way, when Kenny wakes up could  you give him a message for me. Tell  him, quote, Kool and the gang bite  my bag, motherfucker, unquote.
LEX	m	Oh, thanks for letting us draw from  your ample make-up supply. You must  have the entire Revlon factory in  your purse!
BARBARA	f	Very funny. I hope you choke!
JAM	m	Hey, look, it's that girl.
TRIP	m	That's no girl. That's a stella.
JAM	m	Stella or no stella, we should pull  over and help her out.
HAWK	m	Oh no, Jam. I'm not falling for that  twice.
JAM	m	Well, couldn't you slow down so I  can at least state my case, Hawk? If  you don't like it, you can speed up  and I'll never mention it again.
LEX	m	What is it with you, Jam? You got a  thing for that... thing?
JAM	m	She's a teenage girl walking on the  side of the highway. They make very  scary movies that start out like  that.
HAWK	m	Well, they may not make movies about  four dudes going to a KISS concert.  But if they ever did, the four dudes  most certainly would not stop and  pick up a stranded disco bunny.
TRIP	m	Unless there was gonna be a scene  where the disco bunny blows the four  dudes on the way to the show.
CHRISTINE	f	Oh, great. I just hitched a ride  with a bunch of potheads... I'm  hooking up with some people at this  funky place in downtown Detroit called  Disco Inferno. Mind droppin' me there?
TRIP	m	What's it worth to you?
CHRISTINE	f	What the hell is that supposed to  mean?
JAM	m	It doesn't mean anything. Don't pay  attention to him.
HAWK	m	Disco Inferno? Disco's infernal  morelike.
LEX	m	Your clothes may say disco, but your  eyes say rock 'n' roll, baby.
CHRISTINE	f	Well, your tee-shirt may say rock  'n' roll, but your breath says  pepperoni, baby.
TRIP	m	So, are you, like, gonna polish our  nobs, or what?
CHRISTINE	f	What? That's disgusting!
JAM	m	Trip! That's so fuckin' rude, man.
TRIP	m	Oh, quit bein' the wussy, sensitive  guy to impress her, Jam. She's  obviously not gonna put out. She's a  fuckin' tease.
CHRISTINE	f	Tease? What the hell did I do to  tease you mongoloids?
TRIP	m	You got in the car, didn't you?
CHRISTINE	f	Oh, God, how calculating of me to  lead you all on like that after you  offered me a ride in the middle of  nowhere.
TRIP	m	Whatever... stella.
CHRISTINE	f	The name's Christine, not stella.   And there's no need to be such pigs  just cause I prefer Donna Summer or  KC and the Sunshine Boys or the  Village People over KISS?
HAWK	m	The Village People? They're fags!  You're a fag hag!
JAM	m	Come on, Hawk.
CHRISTINE	f	I can take care of myself, but thanks  anyway, germ.
JAM	m	Jam.
CHRISTINE	f	Whatever. Okay, Joe Burnout, let's get one  thing straight here. As far as I'm  concerned good tunes is good tunes,  be it disco or rock or polka or  whatever have you, regardless of the  category. True, if I had to choose,  I'd pick the category labelled disco  because I happen to enjoy dancing.  Disco is just easier to dance to.
HAWK	m	You call that John Travolta/Denny  Terio shit dancing? I wouldn't dance  like that in private if you paid me.
TRIP	m	Disco blows dogs for quarters.
CHRISTINE	f	Now there's an intelligently biting  remark wrought with wit and irony.
HAWK	m	Hey, if you don't like that one,  maybe you'll think it's funny when  we throw your ass out the goddamn  car!
CHRISTINE	f	Yeah, why don't you put your money  where your mouth is?
HAWK	m	Why don't you kiss my hairy crack?
CHRISTINE	f	Why don't you bend over, you're  looking right at it!
LEX	m	That last remark fell about 30 yards  away from making any sense whatsoever.
CHRISTINE	f	Hey, you're right. "Bend over you're  looking right at it?!" What's that supposed to mean anyway?
CHRISTINE	f	Man, this is some kickass shit! Gimme a hit off that jay will ya?
LEX	m	Man, that weed knocked Christine on  her ass. She's sleeping like a baby  stella.
TRIP	m	Let's lift up her shirt.
HAWK	m	There it is!
JAM	m	We made it!
LEX	m	Curly driving, Hawk. We still got  two hours to spare.
HAWK	m	Ample time to grab our tickets at  the station. See, up ahead. W.A.R.P.
HAWK	m	Hey, Look at the front entrance! A  car's pulling out. The parking space  from heaven. God is surely smiling  down upon us tonight, dudes.
JAM	m	Kind of funny, I thought He'd be  pissed as hell at me.
HAWK	m	What was that D.J.'s name again?
TRIP	m	Oh, I'll remember it till the day I  die. His name was... Simpleton the  Simian? No, Samson Samoan... No,  simply, similar...
HAWK	m	Simple Simon?
SIMPLE SIMON	m	The one and only. But can you kids  hurry this up? I'm due at Coco Hall  in half an hour for the warm-up.
HAWK	m	We're right behind you, Simo. Just  wanted to thank you in advance for  handing over those burly-ass tix me  and my buds won this morning.
SIMPLE SIMON	m	Your name isn't Trip is it?
SIMPLE SIMON'S VOICE	m	Simple Simon on the Rock, go caller.
TRIP'S VOICE	m	Hello? Is this me? I'm Trip. Am I on  the air?
SIMPLE SIMON'S VOICE	m	I should hang up on you right now,  but you're the right caller so answer  quick or get your battleship sunk.  What are the names of the four members  of KISS?
TRIP'S VOICE	m	Gene Klein, Stanley Eisen, Paul  Frehley, and Peter...Criscula! Yeah,  that's it!
SIMPLE SIMON'S VOICE	m	Is that your final answer?
TRIP'S VOICE	m	Yeah.
SIMPLE SIMON'S VOICE	m	Trip? You just got yourself four  tickets and four backstage passes to  KISS live at Cobo Hall tonight!
TRIP'S VOICE	m	I did?
SIMPLE SIMON'S VOICE	m	Yeah, you did!
TRIP'S VOICE	m	Yeeeehaaawww!! This is totally fuckin'  curly, man! Thank you God!
SIMPLE SIMON'S VOICE	m	Whoa, easy, Trip, this is radio, not  "Taxi Driver." Now listen up cause  this next part is crucial. Stay on  the line so we can get your full  name, information, and...
SIMPLE SIMON'S VOICE	m	Trip? Trip? Oh, man, you didn't hang  up on me did you? Trip? What kind of total moron would  hang...?
SIMPLE SIMON	m	Well, there you have it. We had no  choice but to give the tickets to  the next caller. I'm sorry.
SIMPLE SIMON	m	We got sodas in the fridge if that  helps any.
HAWK	m	Well, here we are, dudes. One hour  and thirty minutes away from the  concert of the century... ticketless.  All thanks to Wile E. Coyote, Super-  Fucking Genius over here.
LEX	m	Really, Trip, can we bore holes in  your head and use it as a bong so it  actually does us some good for a  change?
TRIP	m	Fuck you, Lex! This whole thing  wouldn't have happened if it wasn't  for you jinxing us. I just made an  honest mistake.
HAWK	m	Oh, I'm sorry, Trip. What you made  was a big, brainless, pile of horse  shit. No offense.
JAM	m	Guys, GUYS! Come on, if this is  anyone's fault, it's mine. I was the  one who grabbed Trip's jacket by  mistake. It's my fault and I  apologize.
HAWK	m	Please, Jam, we're trying to vent  some hostility here. Sure the whole  thing may be your fault, but who's  gonna get pissed off at you?
JAM	m	Sometimes I think I don't deserve  friends as good as you guys.
HAWK	m	I have one question. How could a kid  who wails on the drums like it's the  only thing keeping him alive even  think of such a femmy thing to say?
TRIP	m	Really, Jam, you tryin' to make us  barf?
LEX	m	Yeah, it's like you're possessed by  The Flying Nun, or something.
LEADER	m	Welcome to the first open meeting of  MATMOK, Mothers Against The Music Of
LEX	m	Uh... dudes?
HAWK	m	Now there's a woman who totally abuses  the privilege of motherhood.
LEX	m	DUDES!
LEX	m	Where's the Volvo?
TRIP	m	It's gone.
LEX	m	I can see that, bright boy. What  happened to it?
JAM	m	It was stolen!
HAWK	m	Christine stole it! Asleep, my ass!  The stella booted with your mom's  wheels.
LEX	m	But we took the keys?
TRIP	m	Damn, she musta hot wired it. We  picked up a professional car thief  in the shape of Olivia Newton-John!
LEX	m	Okay, I'm just a little mad now!  Jam, why'd you talk us into picking  that bitch up in the first place!?
JAM	m	I'm sorry, guys. I thought it was a  nice thing to do.
HAWK	m	Jam, not another word out of your  femmy-ass mouth! Okay, we're here,  we got nothing, and we got an hour  and a half. We're totally committed.  It's time to brainstorm.
LEX	m	Here's a suggestion. Let's stop  worrying about the concert for the  time being and get the cops in on  this Volvo situation.
HAWK	m	Wake up, Lex. This is Detroit. The  cops aren't gonna waste city dollars  looking for a Swedish car. Face it,  the Volvo's on a cutting board as we  speak getting sliced, diced, and  julienned by Christine, the chop  shop gourmet.
HAWK	m	Now listen up. Here's the game plan.
LEX	m	...I mean, my mom's got insurance.  What's the worst thing she could do?   Ground me for the entire year? I can  handle that...
HAWK	m	Cool, bro, now listen up...
LEX	m	...Holy shit! I am in absolute  trouble! I never should have let you  drive, man! Absolute fuckin' trouble!
HAWK	m	Okay, shut the fuck up, Lex! Now,  then, step number one, we find us a  scalper. I got... twenty-five.
TRIP	m	Twenty-five more'n I got.
LEX	m	All I got is five. The rest is in  the Volvo.
JAM	m	I got...
HAWK	m	Uh-uh. Don't tell us, Jam. Just show  us.
HAWK	m	So maybe we got enough for one ticket.   Fuck!
TRIP	m	Waitaminit, dudes! I got it! We find  four really small kids, beat the  shit outta them and steal their  tickets. What do you think?
HAWK	m	Brilliance, Trip. Sheer brilliance.  Give Albert Einstein here the Nobel  Prize.
LEX	m	I think we should try sneaking in.
HAWK	m	Four dudes sneaking in? We'd get  busted fer sure. Bad plan.
LEX	m	Okay, one of us sneaks in, gets four  ticket stubs off some kids in the  audience, comes back out, and we all  "re-enter" the concerto. Voila!
HAWK	m	Still too risky for my money. We're running out of time here. This  is KISS! A victory for one is a  victory for the team. I'm sure I can  barter with a scalper, but if you  dudes think you got better plans, go  for it. We'll reconvene at that  intersection...
HAWK	m	...at twenty-thirty hours.
TRIP	m	One more time in English.
HAWK	m	For the next hour and a half it's  every dude for himself. Try to get  at least one ticket and at 8:30 P.M.  we'll meet over there.
JAM	m	Wait! I know how we can get in!
HAWK	m	Jam, shut-up! You're not allowed to  speak, remember? Go use whatever  femmy idea you have to get yourself  a ticket or four. I don't wanna hear  it.
JAM	m	But... my plan involves all four of  us acting together.
HAWK	m	See you at 8:30, Jam. Later. Dudes? Later.
LEADER	m	Look around you tonight, mothers!   Look at all the young faces! They  smile and laugh but their eyes have  lost all hope! Not one among them  appears to possess the love and fear  of God... This satanic group KISS  has stolen their souls.
JAM	m	Oh... dear... Lord!!
MRS. BRUCE	f	I don't know how you got here tonight  and I don't want to know either. All  I know is you're going to pay dearly  for this one, young man!
JAM	m	Mom, what're we...?
MRS. BRUCE	f	Just keep your lying, heathenous  trap shut, Jeremiah.
PARISHIONERS	?	What a wonderful mass, Father/So  inspirational, Father/Thank you.
PRIEST	m	Thank you/Come again next week.
PRIEST	m	Next mass is tomorrow morning, sister.
MRS. BRUCE	f	Can we talk, Father? I'm desperate.  My son was about to defy God by going  to that blasphemous KISS concert.
PRIEST	m	In that case, come right in.
BETH	f	Oh my God! That's Jeremiah!
DAD	m	Who?
BETH	f	Jeremiah Bruce from school. He and  his mom just went into that church.  He must be in Detroit for the concert.  Can I go say good-bye to him?
MOM	f	Beth, I am not letting you wander  the streets of Detroit after dark.
BETH	f	I'm not going to wander. I'm just  gonna go over there.
BETH	f	He's with his mom.
DAD	m	Fine, as long as we know where you  are. But don't be long. We need to  be getting back on the road.
DAD	m	She's probably got a little crush on  that boy.
VOICE	m	Hey, chief? Need a ticket?
SCALPER	m	Second row center, seventy-five clams.
HAWK	m	Dude, this is all I got.
SCALPER	m	Sorry, man, no can do. But I'll be  here for a while if you scare up the  extra gravy.
HAWK	m	Where the hell am I gonna scare up  that kinda gravy in one hour?
SCALPER	m	The easy way.
SCALPER	m	You look a little scrawny, but it's  worth a shot.
HAWK	m	I can't just walk in and take my  clothes off. It's embarrasskin.
SCALPER	m	Guess you don't want to see the  greatest show on earth. And in Detroit  no less. Well, take care, chief.
HAWK	m	Dude, if it were dancing the way  Fred Astaire did it, I'd give it my  best shot. I'd learn the steps and  practice in my spare time. But this...  tribal, ritualistic bullshit, it's  way-too-spontaneous for me.
SCALPER	m	Yeah, you're probably too young  anyhow.
HAWK	m	Hey, I invented fake I.D.s, alright.   That's not the problem... They're  playing disco music in there, man.
SCALPER	m	Chief, here's a little secret. Drink  heavily, your feet will know what to  do. Now shit or get off the pot. Do  you wanna dance or do you wanna see  KISS only on their album covers?
SCALPER	m	You sure you'll have a ticket for  me?
SCALPER	m	You have my solemn oath as a public  servant.
SCALPER	m	Hey, chief, you need a ticket? Second  row center, seventy-five clams.
TRIP	m	No thanks, dude. I'm beating my ticket  out of some poor, defenseless chump.
SCALPER	m	What's happening to kids today?
HAWK	m	Like to sign up for the contest.
BARTENDER	m	You're a little scrawny, but thanks  to the concert we're low on amateurs.  Name?
HAWK	m	Hawk.
BARTENDER	m	Pick a song, Hawk.
HAWK	m	Got any KISS?
BARTENDER	m	You kidding? This is Detroit. Drink?
HAWK	m	Yeah, a man's drink...
HAWK	m	...Dickey.
HAWK	m	I'm gonna need all the help I can  get tonight.
HAWK	m	What's that?
BARTENDER	m	You mean you never seen a Jack Daniels  on the rocks before?
HAWK	m	Sure, I have. But not one with ice  in it, that's all.
BARTENDER	m	Save your money, stud muffin. The  lady at the end of the bar sends her  love.
HAWK	m	Whoa... she is a killer.
BARTENDER	m	Amanda Finch. Her ex is one of the  wealthiest businessmen in Detroit.  Play your cards right and you could  hit paydirt. She like 'em young. And since you look a little new at  this, let me give you three words of  advice. Hard to get. Think it, act  it, know it, be it. Nothing a woman  loves more than when you beat her at  her own head games.
TRIP	m	Hey, you little twerps, gimme your  KISS tickets or I'll pop your fuckin'  faces in.
SIX YEAR OLD #1	m	We don't have any KISS tickets.
SIX YEAR OLD #2	m	Yeah, KISS sucks!
TRIP	m	I oughta kick your asses for sayin'  that.
TRIP	m	But I'm in a hurry so I'll just take  this instead. Now scram.
TRIP	m	Hey, little kid.
LITTLE KID	f	Shit! You just skunked my last ball,  you...
TRIP	m	Okay, booger, your KISS ticket or  your life.
TRIP	m	Hunh?
TRIP	m	Oh. Okay... But scream and you'll  never live to see puberty. I'll pop  your fuckin' face in.
LITTLE KID	f	Please sir, don't beat me up. I do  have a KISS ticket, but not on me.
TRIP	m	A likely story. Hand it over, kid.
LITTLE KID	f	No really. My brother's hanging onto  it for safe keeping. Please, let me  get him for you.
LITTLE KID	f	Hey, Chongo!
TRIP	m	Hey, kid, that's okay. I don't wanna  see KISS that ba...
LITTLE KID	f	Don't try to run, maggot. Chongo's  an all-state track star in every  event.
TRIP	m	What do you want?
LITTLE KID	f	A tag on your toe. Nobody threatens  me and lives.
TRIP	m	Look, you can have my wallet...
LITTLE KID	f	It's not nearly enough, punk.
LITTLE KID	f	Besides, I was gonna take your wallet  anyway. After Chongo and his friends  crush your ribcage like a pack of  Luckys.
CHONGO	m	This fairy givin' you shit, bro?
LITTLE KID	f	He was gonna mug me for my KISS  ticket.
TRIP	m	Me? Mug? That's nuts. I said, do you  know where I can take a piss.
CHONGO	m	Okay, pimple dick, you've got the  option of walking outside with us or  gettin' dragged out. Either way you're  comin' with us.
TRIP	m	Please, sir, don't kick my ass! I'll  do anything to get out of a beating!
LITTLE KID	f	Say, Chongo, perhaps we could use  some extra cash for tasty snacks at  the KISS concert our weasly friend  won't be attending.
CHONGO	m	How much cash do you figure?
LITTLE KID	f	Take five for a minute, Chongo. Let  me do the math.
LEX	m	I can't believe I'm actually  entertaining the notion of sneaking  in. I oughta have my cranium examined.
LEX	m	Whoa. Danger Will Robinson.
SECURITY GUARD'S VOICE	m	Hey you! Get back in here!
SECURITY GUARD'S VOICE	m	You're not getting far, kid!
SECURITY GUARD'S VOICE	m	We got one just ran into the field  from the north lot!
SECURITY GUARD'S VOICE	m	There he is!
LEX	m	Shit!
SECURITY GUARD	m	Alright, wiseguy, you are so outta  here!
ROADIE	m	Hey, what the fuck?
ROADIE	m	Keep your paws to yourself, ya dumb  fuckin' apes.
SECURITY GUARD	m	Where'd he go? You see him?
PRIEST	m	Uh, next mass isn't until tomorrow  morning, young lady. Run along now.
MRS. BRUCE	f	Now it's been a while since my boy  had holy confession. Could you...?
PRIEST	m	Consider it done.
MRS. BRUCE	f	It's about time you gave up on that  stupid dream once and for all. No  son of mine is going to be a career  musician.
MRS. BRUCE	f	Thank you, Father. I'll be back for  him before you know it; after I take  care of some unfinished business.
PRIEST	m	Just knock loudly, sister.
PRIEST	m	Come along, son. Get into the booth.
JAM	m	Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned.  This is my first confession in...  well... a really long time.
PRIEST	m	Prepare to receive the Act of Penance.   How many sins have you committed  since your last confession?
JAM	m	Just one, Father, but boy was it a  doozy.
EMCEE	m	Okay, ladies, hang onto your hormones.  Here comes our next amateur. Let's  have a big hand for Hawk!
EMCEE	m	You're up, Hawk.
HAWK	m	Oh, Dicky, I c-c-can't...
BARTENDER	m	You're not gonna chicken out on me  now, are you? We've got your KISS  song playing and everything.
HAWK	m	I-I c-can't...
BARTENDER	m	Look, people undress in public  because, A, they're exhibitionists,  B, they're nutcases, or C, they need  the money. I can tell you're not A,  and I hope to hell you're not B. So  my suggestion is, think about why  you're a C and let your body party,  shake your groove thing, boogie oogie  oogie till you just can't boogie no  more.
HAWK	m	You're right, Dicky. I gotta do it  for KISS. Gotta put a bag over its  head and  Do it for KISS.
HAWK	m	Wow. I feel a hundred times better!
HAWK	m	Thanks lady.
HAWK	m	Maestro? As you were.
HAWK	m	Come on, dude, we got a bunch of  frisky felines waiting for some  entertainment! The show must go on!
TRIP	m	Two hundred bucks?
LITTLE KID	f	You heard me, nad breath. My time's  precious and I think that's a  reasonable price to pay for your  sorry life.
TRIP	m	Look, I want to live, but I don't  know where the fuck I'm gonna find  two hundred bucks.
LITTLE KID	f	Chongo? Take him outside and tear  his ass out through his mouth.
TRIP	m	Hold on! I know how I can get the  money! I just figured it out! Only  you might wanna wait outside.
CHONGO	m	I don't trust him.
LITTLE KID	f	I think he's on the level. He's too  stupid to try anything sneaky anyway.  Look at him, he's a moron.
LITTLE KID	f	You got fifteen minutes and not a  second longer. We have a concert to  go to. See you outside.
LEX	m	Keep it together, Lex. Anything worth  fighting for is worth dying for.
ROADIE #2	m	Boy, this one's heavy.
ROADIE #2	m	Shit!
LEX	m	WHOOOOAAA!
ROADIE #2	m	Close that door!
ROADIE #2	m	Peter's gonna kill us.
JAM	m	So, you see if it wasn't for me, me  and my friends would be at that KISS  concert right now... together.
PRIEST	m	That's it?
JAM	m	Yeah.
PRIEST	m	Well, this is a unique confession to  say the least, son. And not exactly  the most interesting one I've ever  heard either. You sure you don't  want to talk about... oh, carnal  knowledge with a neighborhood girl  or impure thoughts about the new  student teacher maybe... or how about  finding a box of magazines under  your dad's bed?
JAM	m	No.
PRIEST	m	Well then, I suggest you have a seat  on the bench behind you and think of  something a little juicier to confess  than losing KISS tickets. I realize  this is Detroit, but I personally  find, what that rock and roll band  is all about, to be boring as  Lucifer's kingdom. I'll return in a  little while.
JAM	m	Beth? I can't believe it.
BETH	f	Believe it.
JAM	m	Are you waiting for confession? I  thought you were Jewish?
BETH	f	I have a confession. Here it is.
BETH	f	I didn't mean for that to be so...  intense. Forgive me.
JAM	m	I don't care. I wanna hear more.
BETH	f	I've loved you ever since I first  laid eyes on you, Jeremiah. I've  just always been too scared to show  it.
JAM	m	Beth, I can't believe you just said  that because that's exactly how I've  always felt about you... Call me  Jam. It's my band name.
BETH	f	You don't know how long I've been  waiting to hear that... Jam!
BETH	f	We've got to take this slow...
JAM	m	Right, slow...
BETH	f	Oh, screw it!
EMCEE	m	Okay, ladies, it's down to... Troy  the Human Jackhammer...
EMCEE	m	...and Mr. Massive Head Wound  Accompanied by an Upset Stomach-Hawk!
EMCEE	m	No contest. The grand prize of seventy- five dollars goes to Troy the Human  Jackhammer!
HAWK	m	Thanks, miss.
AMANDA	f	You're too kind. I'm Amanda.
HAWK	m	Right, well, thanks for the drinks  and stuff, Amanda, but there's no  reason for me to stick around these  parts anymore.
AMANDA	f	Don't be so glum, Hawk. The night's  still young and filled with plenty  of compensatory possibilities.
HAWK	m	Huh?
AMANDA	f	I'd be in a position to spend some  money on you if you'd get in a  position and spend some time on me.
PRIEST'S VOICE	m	Where are you, son?
JAM	m	Uhh, tying my shoe.
PRIEST'S VOICE	m	Oh. So, have you thought of a colorful  confession yet?
JAM	m	Actually, yes. Last year I walked  out of a candy store with a Reggie  Bar I hadn't paid for, but went back  and apologized the next day.
PRIEST'S VOICE	m	Boooring. Think, boy, think!
LEX'S VOICE	m	I can't believe you're even thinking  of committing a robbery, Trip. You  don't pass go and collect 200 dollars  for pulling stuff like this.
HAWK'S VOICE	f	No shit, dude, is this really worth  it? Sure you get your ass kicked  nine ways to Sunday by that fucking  gorilla, but it's still a hundred  times better than getting it porked  for the next three to five.
JAM'S VOICE	m	And what about that girl, Trip? She'll  never forget this night. Even if you  get away with it, she'll be scarred  for life. When are you gonna realize  sometimes being tough means being  tender.
TRIP	m	Alright, everybody, SHUT UP!
TRIP	m	Okay, bro. You gonna have to do this  sometime. Might as well be now.
MAN WITH COAT	m	Evening, honey. Y'know what I am,  what this is, and what you have to  do, so do it quick. The rest of you kindly introduce  yourselves to the floor and kiss it  hello.
MAN WITH COAT	m	Do or die, bitch! Next time I let  the barrels do the talking.
CASHIER	m	P-p-please, mister, I'm just a high  school kid...
MAN WITH COAT	m	Fuck school, that's what I say! I  just went through the motions till I  was old enough to drop out and I'm  leaving here with at least two fifty  the easy way. Look where all that  studying's gonna get you tonight.  Robbed at gunpoint and possibly shot  in the fucking head... for minimum  wage!
TRIP	m	Alright, drop it or I'll kick your  ass!
MAN WITH COAT	m	Oh, yeah! You and what army?
TRIP	m	The KISS Army!
LEX	m	This is real. This is not a dream!  This is real! I've pierced the inner  circle!
LEX	m	Oh, God, they're in there!
LEX	m	Dogs! Why did it have to be dogs!
LEX	m	Wake up, Lex! Wake up, man! This  part's gotta be a nightmare!
LEX	m	God, if you ever get me outta this,  I swear I will never masturbate again!
BETH	f	So. Is it true that Gene Simmons had  a cow's tongue grafted onto his real  one? Y'know, to make it so long?
JAM	m	I dunno. I think he had the piece of  skin under his tongue removed so he  could stick it out farther. I'm not  too up on Gene trivia.
BETH	f	Your man is the drummer, Peter Criss,  right?
JAM	m	Peter Criss is my inspiration, man.   If I paid a hundred bucks for a KISS  show and all I saw was his solo, I'd  consider it... money... Hey, how'd  you know that?
BETH	f	I have all your notebook doodles  memorized, Jam... Here.
JAM	m	Ann Arbor?
BETH	f	My dad's company is relocating him.  We're moving. That's why I was acting  so freaky in school today. I thought  it was the last time I'd ever see  you. Anyway, open the box. I would  have given it to you this morning,  except... like I said, I was freaking  out.
BETH	f	I pass by this really cool tee-shirt  shop on my way to school every day  and I know you wear those black tee- shirts all the time. You look like a  size thirty-five, but all the sizes  were in Roman numerals. So I got you  an XXXL. That's thirty-five, isn't  it?
PRIEST	m	Okay, you better have something really  sinful for me this time, son. My  patience is worn to threads and your  mom will be here any minute.
JAM	m	Alright, Father, here it is. About  two weeks ago I went to my cousin's  wedding and one of the bridesmaids  asked me if I wanted to take a bath.
PRIEST	m	No...
JAM	m	I was insulted, so I asked her if I  was wreaking some wicked b.o., right?   Then she said no, she wanted to take  a bath with me.
PRIEST	m	Oh, this is terrible... Please go  on.
JAM	m	Well, she was a very tempting siren,  Father. Built like you wouldn't  believe. So I gave into temptation  about a block away from the wedding  reception at this little motel that  charges by the hour.
PRIEST	m	Well? Continue! Continue!
JAM	m	Okay... when she peeled off that  gown, you'll never guess what she  was wearing underneath.
PRIEST	m	Was it a teddy?
JAM	m	No. Much bet... I mean, much more  sinful than that.
PRIEST	m	A bustier?
JAM	m	Tell you what. You keep guessing and  I'll say something when you get it.
PRIEST	m	Splendid! I love a good game of Name  That Nightie.
PRIEST'S VOICE	m	Satin underwear? Crotchless panties?  Leopard skin bra? Fishnet leotard?  Leather G-string?
LEX	m	Okay, okay, you're pissed off. I can  see this. So... Maybe what we need...  ah-ha.
LEX	m	Play some frisbee, poochies?
LEX	m	Alright! I give up! I hearby and  forthwith defer my destiny to you  mutts. I may be an intelligent,  upright, walking, homo-fucking sapien,  but you fleabags are a force of  nature. So, I'm just gonna sit here  and wait for you to decide. If you  let me live, I thank you. If you  bite my head off, I'll die knowing I  did all I could. It's up to you.
LEX	m	Well, how do you like that?
LEX	m	Whoa! Whoa!
LEX	m	You sonsofbitches could tickle a guy  to death, y'know that? Sure you do...  Sure you do...
BEEFY JERK #1	m	So, I jump into the car, hot-wire it  in thirty seconds and start driving.  Then, suddenly I hear this scream.  The disco queen was asleep in the  back seat.
BEEFY JERK #1	m	You think it's funny? How would you  like to have a stiletto heel smacking  you in the temple when you're tryin'  to work?
BEEFY JERK #1	m	You about done splittin' a gut there?   We gotta get these parts to Toledo  by nine.
CHRISTINE	f	Then maybe you guys'll let me go,  huh?
CHRISTINE	f	Come on, whadaya say? You scratch my  back, I scratch yours. You let me  go, and in return, I keep my big  mouth shut about your little operation  here. Mum, know what I mean?
BEEFY JERK #2	m	You're lucky you're still alive,  wench. If you was a guy, we woulda  thought nothin' of sawing your head  off with a butter knife.
BEEFY JERK #1	m	What are we gonna do with her anyway?
BEEFY JERK #2	m	I dunno, but she sure looks fun.
BEEFY JERK #1	m	Yeah, and payback's a bitch.
HAWK	m	Thanks.
HAWK	m	What the hell is that?
AMANDA	f	Gin.
HAWK	m	Whoa. Some of this hard liquor's a  tad too manly for me. I'm a brewski  man myself.
AMANDA	f	Better ease up then, Hawk. Wouldn't  want to give you whiskey dick would  we?
HAWK	m	Who's Whiskey Dick?
AMANDA	f	Well. Obviously no one you have to  worry about... Woody.
HAWK	m	My name's not Woody, it's Haw-haw...
HAWK	m	...holy shit!
AMANDA	f	But you do know Premature Peter,  don't you? Shame, I just bought these  stockings.
HAWK	m	Well, Amanda, this has been quite a  night. So far you've seen me and my  dick throw up. What's next? Projectile diarrhea? Man. What a stud, huh?
AMANDA	f	Believe it or not, you still have a  way to go before you start competing  with my soon-to-be-ex-husband... the  champion of lousy lovemaking. The  man who thinks he's the biggest and  the best... The man who thinks every  secretary, stewardess, and cocktail  waitress he fucks should lick his  feet for the honor. The man for whom  faking it was invented. Christ, if I  hadn't gotten pregnant with our son,  I would have never known I even had  sex with the prick.
HAWK	m	You love him?
AMANDA	f	I just told you, he's a big, hairy...
HAWK	m	No, I mean... you love your son?
AMANDA	f	More than anything in the world.
HAWK	m	And he loves you back, doesn't he?
AMANDA	f	He's a little spoiled, but I know he  does.
HAWK	m	Well, shame on him if he doesn't.
AMANDA	f	You're sweet.
HAWK	m	My mom died of a heart attack while  she was having me. Man, I wish I had  known her for even one day. If they  ever invent a time machine, that's  what I'm doing. Going back in time  to meet my mom. I'm gonna say, "Mrs.   Pitchford?... or Miss Williams,  depending on when I show up. You  don't know me, but I'm your kid from  the future. Just wanted to thank you  for the blue eyes, pug nose and for  tying the knot with a guy who didn't  mind diaper detail... Oh, and, uh...  cut down on the red meat, will ya?"
MAN WITH COAT	m	Gimme your gun, boy!
TRIP	m	No, you gimme your gun, boy!
MAN WITH COAT	m	Don't tempt me, I'll shoot!
TRIP	m	Not if I shoot first!
MAN WITH COAT	m	I don't even think you have a gun!
TRIP	m	Neither do I!
MAN WITH COAT	m	Now, for the last time, take the  piece out and lay back down or your  mom's gonna need the White Tornado  to get the brains outta your ski  cap.
TRIP	m	Smile, you sonofa...
CASHIER	m	Thank you! Thank you!... Who are  you?
TRIP	m	Call me... Dr. Love!
CHRISTINE	f	You guys better kill me before you  do what you're thinking of doing.  Cause when I'm mad enough, I can  bite down very hard.
BEEFY JERK #1	m	Sweet Polly Purebred's got some spunk,  huh?
BEEFY JERK #2	m	I'll give her some spunk alright.
BEEFY JERK #1	m	We stripped that Beemer in fifteen  minutes. Bet we can strip her in  fifteen seconds.
CHRISTINE	f	Now wait a minute, guys! Two against  one ain't fair. Lemme go back and  get my friend Barbara. You'd love  her. Tits the size of your head.  You'll feel like a little baby sucking  on 'em. I swear, I'll bring her right  back. It'll be a four-way... You  guys like disco? I teach disco dancing  at my church. You guys look like you  got rhythm in your blood. Come on,  free lessons if you let me go.
BEEFY JERK #1	m	I know a dance we can do. The  horizontal hustle.
BEEFY JERK #1	m	Who's there?
LEX	m	I'm here for the girl and the car.  You can try to stop me, but I must  warn you, it may be hazardous to  your health.
BEEFY JERK #1	m	Too bad. He was such a young idiot.
BEEFY JERK #2	m	Ehhh. He was a stupid boy. He deserved  to die.
LEX	m	Listen to them. Children of the night.  What music they make... Hounds of  hell? Say hello to dinner!
LEX	m	One foot out of that office and your  asses are Alpo!
CHRISTINE	f	Wow! Thank you! You're cooler than  the Fonz.
LEX	m	Aaaayyyyy!
BEEFY JERK #1	m	Hey, what about the dogs?
LEX	m	You got a phone in there?
LEX	m	Call the cops.
BETH	f	Ann Arbor isn't... that far from  Cleveland, right?
JAM	m	Nah. Once I get my own wheels, I  could come up all the time.
BETH	f	That'd be great. Hey, maybe someday  your band'll play there. It's a  college town, you know?
JAM	m	I feel like such an idiot. Why didn't  I just say something a year and a  half ago? Man, think of how much  time we wasted.
BETH	f	Let's not think about the past. Let's  just think about from today on. I'll  never forget you, Jam.
JAM	m	Tell me about it. Church will never  be the same again.
BETH	f	Coming dad. I'll call you. Soon as we get a phone.  Bye.
JAM	m	Bye.
HAWK	m	Amanda, as ironic as this is gonna  sound, I can't take any money for...  I'm no Midnight Cowboy, y'know. It  would only cheapen the whole deal  for me.
AMANDA	f	I'm not paying you for the lovemaking,  Hawk. I just want you to have whatever  you needed the money for when you  took me up on my offer.
HAWK	m	...Thanks.
AMANDA	f	You're a good man, Hawk. Thank you.
COP #1	m	You wouldn't happen to know where we  could find this... Dr. Love, would  you?
CASHIER	m	It's company policy to hand over a  cash reward of a hundred and fifty  dollars to anyone who stops a robbery.  I gave him the money and he took  off.
COP #2	m	Okay, well, thanks anyway. And let  us know if you happen to see him  again. We'd like to ask him some  questions.
CASHIER	m	If I see Dr. Love any time soon,  you're gonna have to wait till I'm  done with him first.
TRIP	m	...hundred forty, hundred fifty.   That's all I got.
LITTLE KID	f	Tsk. Tsk. Tsk. I really wanted things  to work out for you, my weasly, dim- witted friend. You got spunk. Chongo, give him a fifty dollar  wallop.
TRIP	m	Oh, no... Please, look.  I...
CHONGO	m	Hey, the jerkoff's got drugs.
LITTLE KID	f	Consider it a bonus, Chongo.
TRIP	m	At least I still got you, Stretch.
LEX	m	This oughta be enough to get you to  Disco Inferno, Christine.
CHRISTINE	f	Come with. It's not too late for you  to catch the fever.
LEX	m	No can do. But I made a promise to  get you to that disco, and we KISS  maniacs are men of our word.  Besides... you're pretty cool... for  a stella, I mean.
CHRISTINE	f	Here's my number. Tell me how cool I  am over the phone sometime. Okay?
CHRISTINE	f	Disco Inferno, on the double.
JAM	m	I'm gonna ask you nicely first. Mom,  can I have my drumsticks back?
JAM	m	Again, can I have my drumsticks?
LEAD IDIOT	m	Hey, I'm on the radio! Hi, good- lookin'. We'll be back to pick you  up later!
MRS. BRUCE	f	Drumsticks are the least of your  worries, young man. You are in a  world of...
JAM	m	I know, mom, I've been in trouble  for about twelve hours now!  Hellooooo!?
JAM	m	I'm gonna be spending the next two  years of my life at St. Bernard's  Boarding School, remember?! I'm gonna  be outta your hair till I'm a legal  adult, remember?! That way, all you  have to do is go to church, light a  candle, pray to a little statue for  me, and voila! All is forgiven and  forgotten, right mom?!! Then, you  can spend your days in guilt-free  pursuit of more constructive  activities like telling everybody  else how screwed up their lives are!  That way you no longer need the  patience and understanding required  to communicate on some normal level  with your own child!!! And that way  you don't even have to think about  how tough it was for you when you  were growing up, and it's a good  thing too. Cause if you did, you'd  realize what a LOUSY, GODDAMN, SHITTY-
MRS. BRUCE	f	Jeremiah... what's gotten into you?
JAM	m	I just lost my virginity in a  confessional booth! Lord have mercy!!
JAM	m	For the last time, mom. Let me have  my fucking drumsticks. Please.
HAWK	m	Whoa! Whoa! WHOA! That better not be  the last ticket! I hope you have  another one for me!
HAWK	m	Fuck me!
HAWK	m	Any luck?
TRIP	m	Plenty, but it was all bad.
LEX	m	I found the Volvo.
HAWK	m	Tickets?
HAWK	m	Well, dudes, the only way we're gonna  see KISS this tour is by some fuckin'  miracle.
SURLY MOM	f	How dare you sneak out of the house  like that! You had me worried to  death! Don't you know this is Detroit!  And for a degenerate band like KISS!  They're sick, sick, sick and oughta  be in jail with their vile antics!
SURLY MOM	f	Just wait until your father gets  ahold of you!
LEX	m	No... You don't think...?
HAWK	m	Nah. Couldn't be.
JAM	m	It's a miracle! A miracle!
ALL FOUR BOYS	m	ELVIS?!!
ELVIS	m	Whose laughing now?! Whose laughing  now, ya little shits?! I told ya...  Over my dead body! Ha-HA-HAAA!
HAWK	m	Take it easy, Elvis. Don't do anything  crazy. Just give me the tickets before  someone gets hurt.
TRIP	m	Hey, wait a minute! This ain't school  property! He's not the boss of us  here!
ELVIS	m	That's right. This ain't school.  It's not about school anymore. Now  it's personal.
LEX	m	Come on, Elvis. We was only kiddin'.  It's all in good fun. We run, you  chase. Cat and mouse. You know.
ELVIS	m	Boys, this time... I win!
JAM	m	Well... I still got my idea if anybody  will let me speak.
HAWK	m	Go ahead, Jam.
JAM	m	We all beat each other up, then,  once we're nice and bruised, we run  over to the ticket takers and say we  got mugged and our tickets were  stolen. They gotta let us in then.
HAWK	m	Dude, you gotta let us in! Four  muggers just stole our tickets!
TICKET TAKER	m	You expect us to believe that?
JAM	m	Look at us!
TRIP	m	It was those assholes! They even  stole my wallet!
TRIP	m	Inside that you'll find my KISS Army  picture I.D. and a hundred fifty  bucks cash.
TRIP	m	Tsk. Tsk. Tsk. I was really hoping  things would work out for you, my  weasly, midget friend. You got spunk.
JAM	m	This is it!
SIMPLE SIMON	m	You wanted the best! And you got the  best! The hottest band in the world...

