FOLLETT	?	I get outta the truck in this two- bit town. I got no money and no  prospects. What I need right now is  a stiff drink, a cold shower, and a  hot broad. I'll take 'em in any order  they come...
FOLLETT	?	...Oh yeah, one other thing I need --  an angle.
FOLLETT	?	I was thinking -- if it weren't for  bad luck, I wouldn't have any luck  at all...
LANDLADY	f	Can I help you?
FOLLETT	?	Either my luck had just changed, or  Fate just bought me another round of  trouble.
LANDLADY	f	...not very fancy... house needs  repairs... We haven't had a man around  here for so long...
FOLLETT	?	She kept yammerin' the whole time,  but her hips were doing all the  talking...
FOLLETT	?	It couldn't 'a been any clearer what  the set-up was. The next move was up  to me...
MUMFORD	m	Don't tell me!
MUMFORD	m	-- That's all the time we have.  Sorry... ...next time.
FOLLETT	?	I have eighteen more minutes!
MUMFORD	m	I don't want to hear any more today.
FOLLETT	?	Why not?
MUMFORD	m	Mr. Follett, do you trust me or don't  you?
FOLLETT	?	Well, I don't know... I only been  seeing you --
MUMFORD	m	Without trust, there's no point to  any of this. You might as well not  come.
FOLLETT	?	Now hold on, I didn't say I didn't  want to come --
MUMFORD	m	Good, then go.
LILY	f	You're early... it's not ready. What  happened?
MUMFORD	m	My patient had to leave early.
LILY	f	Who was that?
MUMFORD	m	Does the phrase "nosy" have any  meaning to you, Lily?
LILY	f	I think it's like... inquisitive.
MUMFORD	m	It was Henry Follett.
LILY	f	Man, you see him a lot. And it's  very wrong to reveal it. Next you'll  be saying what his problem is.
MUMFORD	m	What do you want to know?
LILY	f	You're terrible. I'm never telling  you anything.
PATRON	m	Hey, Doc... how's it going?
MUMFORD	m	Fine, Vincent... how's yourself?
LILY	f	How long you been in this town?
MUMFORD	m	Oh, I don't know...
LILY	f	Four months, two and a half weeks --  that's how long. And you've already got more patients  than those other two shrinks combined.
MUMFORD	m	Lily, I don't think even you could  know that --
LILY	f	Look at that guy...
LILY	f	You know who that is, don't you? You really don't? That's Skip  Skipperton, man. He gets himself hit  by a truck, this whole town shuts  down.
MUMFORD	m	Oh, so that's him? The Panda Man.
LILY	f	So, what makes you so popular? What's  your secret?
MUMFORD	m	You like me. How come?
LILY	f	Not sure. Let me think about it.
LIONEL	m	That's the new psychiatrist?
LILY	f	Psychologist. He's not medical.
LIONEL	m	Probably thinks he's pretty smart.
NESSA	f	...so he already had the tattoo that  said, "Naomi Forever"... and now  they're broken up, see, and he has  to have it removed. But while the  scar is still healing, or whatever  you call it when you have a tattoo  removed, he meets Chandra. And it's  serious, immediate love. So in no  time, he's gone from the most gorgeous  model in the world to the most  gorgeous actress in North America.
MUMFORD	m	What do you mean, "in no time"?
NESSA	f	In maybe three or four issues.
MUMFORD	m	Weekly or monthly?
NESSA	f	Monthly! God, how shallow do you  think Brad is? Why do I waste my  time telling you this stuff?
MUMFORD	m	Why do you think you tell me, Nessa?
NESSA	f	Don't do that thing... ...that shrink thing.
MUMFORD	m	It's a big part of the show.
NESSA	f	You really need to let people smoke  in here, you know. It's perverse.  What are they paying you to see me?
NESSA	f	The school board doesn't pay you?  What kind of deal is that?
MUMFORD	m	It's called pro bono.
NESSA	f	Pro boner? Pro bono, huh? For whose good,  supposedly?
MUMFORD	m	It's my bit for the community.
NESSA	f	Fuck the community. There was this article my friends  and I read. It was "25 Signs He's  Great in Bed". It was very  fascinating.
MUMFORD	m	Where was this?
NESSA	f	Where?... The New York Times. The  first one was -- "he handles produce  well." Which we already knew! The point is, you have a lot of the  signs.
MUMFORD	m	You been spying on me in the  supermarket, Nessa?
NESSA	f	Have women found you attractive?
NESSA	f	I knew you wouldn't answer. I've  been thinking about what you said  last time. How me trying to lose  weight -- and constantly not -- is  like a lot of people with addictions.  How maybe I can't lose the weight,  ever... Which we already knew...
MUMFORD	m	That's not quite what I said --
NESSA	f	It's a really weird thing for a shrink  to say... and then you said maybe  people'd be happier if they'd accept  that some things don't change --  that it'd be some kind of a relief  or something...
NESSA	f	Well, I guess I'm just a dumb bitch,  but how depressing is that moment --  the moment when you give up?
SKIP	m	Hi.
SKIP	m	You're Doc Mumford. Skip Skipperton.
MUMFORD	m	How are you?
SKIP	m	Fine. Okay. Pretty good. I've been  hoping we'd meet. I've heard a lot  about you.
SKIP	m	Do you think we could...? Can I buy  you a drink?
SKIP	m	..."Find the need and fill it" my  dad used to say -- I guess a lot of  dads say that -- but I did and it  just took off.
MUMFORD	m	No kidding... Panda. Where'd that  come from?
SKIP	m	Panda? I've always liked giant  pandas... I've been to China and  seen them in the wild. That's the  kind of thing I can do if I want...  now. I can do pretty much anything I  want to do these days.
SKIP	m	So now we make 23% of the modems in  the market, which is pretty good.
SKIP	m	When I was growing up here, the town  was about dead. The timber business  was played out... Panda changed all  that. Now, just about everybody in  town either works for the company or  depends on it somehow. Which is kinda  the problem...
SKIP	m	Would you like another beer?
MUMFORD	m	Nah... scotch.
SKIP	m	Far out. Single malt? Can I pick it?
MUMFORD	m	You want me... to be... your friend.
MUMFORD	m	But that's not what's really going  on... ...What's really going on is... you  have some problems and you want some  therapy, but you feel it could be  very bad for Panda Modem stock if  word got out that you were having  head problems.
MUMFORD	m	Can I ask you a personal question?
SKIP	m	Of course! That's exactly what I  want.
MUMFORD	m	Have you thought about getting a  wife?
SKIP	m	When Panda started to happen, I was  dating women from New York, San  Francisco, L.A. They came out of the  woodwork. Models, actresses, venture  capitalists... These were not the  kind of girls who were interested in  me before I hit it... And you know  what I discovered? I discovered these  girls did not love me for myself.  The majority of them didn't even  like me. But a lot of them would've  gladly become Mrs. Skipperton for a  while. Can you imagine that --  marrying someone just because they've  got money?
SKIP	m	I gotta pee. Can I ask you something? This town  is called Mumford... Been that way  since... 18... 18-0... 18-0... ...thirteen! Right? Now here's the question -- Your name  is Mumford, too.
MUMFORD	m	Is that the question?
SKIP	m	You moved here from back East and  your name is the same as this town.  Is that right? Far out.
SKIP	m	I hope you don't think I want you to  do this for free. Just because we're  gonna play it like we're friends,  doesn't mean I won't pay you like a  doctor.
MUMFORD	m	I understand.
SKIP	m	I have a lot of money. Do you know  how much money I've got?
MUMFORD	m	Don't tell me, 'cause I'm not going  to tell you what I've got.
SKIP	m	I've got three big ones.
MUMFORD	m	I'm impressed. I couldn't make three  million dollars if I lived three  lifetimes.
SKIP	m	No, no... I have three billion  dollars.
LIONEL	m	...so I'm watching Brokaw and they've  got some astronomer, this little  limey know-it-all, and he's telling  how, with this Himball telescope,  they've discovered there are maybe  400 million more galaxies than they  thought there were. And I guess that's  supposed to make me feel small? I'm  supposed to feel insignificant? Is  that the point? Because I can tell  you it didn't.
MUMFORD	m	Lionel, since this is our first  session together, maybe --
MUMFORD	m	-- you can sit up and look at me if  you'd like -- -- maybe it would be helpful if you  told me a little about what brought  you here.
LIONEL	m	Kind of impatient for a big-time  headshrinker, aren't you? How 'bout  you let me explain it my own way...
LIONEL	m	...and in the dream, it's always the  same, I wake up in my room from when  I was I kid in Ohio, and I realize  this is the day of the big exam at  school...
LIONEL	m	...which is no problem for me, because  I remembered it was coming and I've  attended every class, so I'm totally  prepared. Then I see myself running  down the hall at school...
LIONEL	m	...but it's not really my school --  and this is very interesting -- it's  the school from the next district --
MUMFORD	m	-- Go on!
LIONEL	m	And even though I arrive a little  bit early, everybody's already there.  But the surprising part is --
LIONEL	m	-- I'm the only one who's prepared!
LIONEL	m	-- you crazy? You can't do this!
MUMFORD	m	Sure I can, Lionel.
LIONEL	m	I'm a criminal lawyer -- you think I  like my clients? I can't stand most  of them! But I don't kick them out...
MUMFORD	m	See that sign -- We retain the right  to refuse service to anyone. I'm not  going to charge you for this session,  but I don't want to see you back  here.
LIONEL	m	Don't you at least have a back door  I can use?
MUMFORD	m	Come out this way. There's no shame  in getting a little therapy... is  there, Althea?
ALTHEA	f	Not at all. It takes guts, Lionel.
LIONEL	m	Maybe some of us don't need this  crap!
MUMFORD	m	And it's the Hubble Telescope, not  the Himball Telescope.
MUMFORD	m	Jeez... what an asshole.
ALTHEA	f	What do they want from me? What have I done that's so wrong? They act as though they don't have  their own peculiar things... They  do! Believe me. Everybody's got  something... Even you probably have things.
MUMFORD	m	Me more than most.
ALTHEA	f	Why are they ganging up against me?
MUMFORD	m	I'm not sure. But I think they're  worried about you.
ALTHEA	f	It's the kids, you know, not Jeremy.  He had nothing to do with this --  except pay, of course. He's always  willing to pay. He's extremely  generous. I'm so humiliated that my own children  would threaten me.
MUMFORD	m	How did they threaten you?
ALTHEA	f	They said if I didn't get help, they  wouldn't deal with me any more. What do you think about that?
MUMFORD	m	Good kids.
ALTHEA	f	Mmmmfffstttubll abbittmm.
MUMFORD	m	Hmm?
ALTHEA	f	I said... you must come out to the  house for dinner on Thursday.
MUMFORD	m	Really? You think so?
ALTHEA	f	Yes. Jeremy will be home for the  weekend. And you can meet the kids.
MUMFORD	m	How ya doin', Ainge? Evenin', Lily.
LILY	f	Doc. Ainge...
COOK	m	Dr. Mumford.
MUMFORD	m	Mr. Cook.
COOK	m	Could you come with me please?
COOK	m	I know I shoulda come to your office.  I was gonna, actually, but then when  you walked in here today...
MUMFORD	m	Uh-huh.
COOK	m	It's my daughter Sofie... she's gotta  problem.
MUMFORD	m	What's that?
COOK	m	We're not sure. She's been to all  kinds of doctors in the city and  they've said different things. Some  of 'em are callin' it -- -- Epstein-Barr virus, and the rest  are callin' it... Chronic Fatigue  Symptom...
MUMFORD	m	Syndrome... Chronic Fatigue Syndrome.
COOK	m	That's it -- syndrome. So you know  all about it?
MUMFORD	m	No... a little. There's a lot of  debate about it.
COOK	m	Yeah, I got that. Some people think  it's all in their heads. It's been so bad she's had to move  back here to Mumford and live with  us. And I'm not sure that's the best  thing, either...
MUMFORD	m	Why's that?
COOK	m	Oh... a lot of things. Several  different factors. Will you see her,  Doctor Mumford?
MUMFORD	m	Sure. Why don't you bring her up to  my office at 3 tomorrow afternoon.
COOK	m	I'm not sure she'll come. She's in a  mood. Do you ever go to somebody's  house?
MUMFORD	m	Generally that doesn't work out so  well. It sends the wrong message to  people who need to make a change.
MUMFORD	m	Hello, Lionel.
LIONEL	m	You've got to have the right ladder  for the job. You don't know what  you're doing, you can get yourself  in trouble.
MUMFORD	m	You're right, as usual. See you.
LIONEL	m	...completely inappropriate and highly  unprofessional. Now I don't want to  presume to tell you how to run your  businesses --
SHEELER	?	-- practices.
LIONEL	m	-- Whatever. Six months ago, you two  were the only games in town. The  value of your... ..."practices" could be seriously  undermined by this bozo. A town this  size has only so many headcases to  go around.
DELBANCO	?	What exactly would you have us do,  Lionel?
LIONEL	m	Protect your turf! Check this guy  out. I smell a rat, I tell you.
SHEELER	?	Mr. Dillard, I'm sure Dr. Delbanco  shares my gratitude for your concern.  But I also know he'd agree that you  misunderstand the nature of our  calling to mental health. We're not  in some... widget business, trying  to crush our competition.
LIONEL	m	What the hell's a widget?
DELBANCO	?	What an asshole!
SHEELER	?	Ernest, what do you think?
DELBANCO	?	I think he's got a point.
SKIP	m	This is great!
SKIP	m	This is exactly what I wanted.
MUMFORD	m	Skip, you must have lots of people  you can throw a ball with.
SKIP	m	You'd be surprised. Most guys have  kids or wives or girlfriends. They're  busy. It's not as easy as you think.
MUMFORD	m	Skip, you're the head of the whole  deal here. Are they busier than you?
SKIP	m	Well, you know... that's the thing.  Like I said, just about everybody in  town works for me. And it's just not  the same asking someone to throw a  ball when they work for you. It's  like an order or something... And no  one -- no one -- asks me.
MUMFORD	m	So, would you say we're out here...  let me think how to put this... Is  your problem really that you're...  lonely?
SKIP	m	Don't you like this?
MUMFORD	m	Hell yes, I like it. What's better  than this? Most guys would kill just  to have someone do this with them  whenever they like.
SKIP	m	Okay then.
MUMFORD	m	Lily and I talk a bit. You know Lily,  runs the coffee shop?
SKIP	m	No... I've seen her. Good-looking  woman.
MUMFORD	m	She's probably ten years older than  you.
MUMFORD	m	Lives downstairs from me. She's got  a great dog named for Danny Ainge.
SKIP	m	Really? I'm the only person I know  that likes Danny Ainge, outside of  Celtic fans. Maybe Phoenix.
MUMFORD	m	Well, there's Lily.
SKIP	m	Did you know that Danny Ainge was  drafted by the Blue Jays? Do you  know what kind of athlete you have  to be to play in the NBA and in the  bigs?
MUMFORD	m	Amazing.
SKIP	m	Unbelievable...
MUMFORD	m	What kind of person do you have to  be to do this?
SKIP	m	What?
MUMFORD	m	This --
SKIP	m	I would've traded any of it to have  made the Mumford High varsity.
SKIP	m	So I guess Henry Follett is a patient  of yours. He's my pharmacist.
MUMFORD	m	Yeah.
MUMFORD	m	Pretty good, too. Lots of detail.  Nothing hard core. Old-fashioned  ones, from back when people cared  about atmosphere and character.
SKIP	m	Uh-huh.
MUMFORD	m	Problem is, his fantasy life's a lot  better than his real one. Nothing  can live up to it. His wife got sick  of it and left him. Took his kids  with her.
SKIP	m	I wondered what happened to her...
MUMFORD	m	Of course, it's not that simple.  There's something powerful going on  there. We've got a lot of work to  do. It's hit to the warning track!
MUMFORD	m	In these fantasies, Henry Follett is  played by a handsome guy with biceps.  Can you imagine that? Where your  self-esteem has to be? Man, I'd just like to move the guy  to the point where he gets to appear  in his own fantasies.
MUMFORD	m	Feel free to lie down. Most people  do.
SOFIE	f	I'd better not, I'll fall right to  sleep. I think it's too soon for me  to be sleeping with you.
MUMFORD	m	What can you tell me about this?
SOFIE	f	Oh, lord. It's almost too exhausting  to tell you... ...about my exhaustion. I didn't  really want to come. I'm not hopeful  right now. But I couldn't take the  look on my dad's face. He's a truly  kind person, which is pretty  extraordinary if you knew the story.  He's the opposite of me, I guess --  all stamina and resolve.
MUMFORD	m	When did you start to feel this way?
SOFIE	f	About six months ago, I guess it is  now. God, it seems like years. What  a bore! I'm embarrassed by it. Before  this happened -- when I'd hear people  talk about this kind of thing -- I  thought it was a bunch of bullshit.
MUMFORD	m	What?
SOFIE	f	You think that now! You think it's a  bunch of hooey, don't you?
MUMFORD	m	No.
SOFIE	f	I saw it. I saw it in your eyes.
SOFIE	f	That's okay. Maybe it is. My mother  always says -- "Everything that's  wrong with you is in your head." I  suppose that's true.
MUMFORD	m	Back when this started, was there  anything unusual happening in your  life? A change of job, of living  situation... a loss of some kind?
SOFIE	f	No... but it started one year to the  day after my divorce became final.  That's not too suspicious, is it?...  But it wasn't like I was feeling bad  about the divorce. Just the opposite.
MUMFORD	m	Hmm.
SOFIE	f	Hmm? Is that a professional opinion?
MUMFORD	m	Hmm, as in -- that's interesting.  Sometimes, with enough clues, it's  possible to figure these things out.
SOFIE	f	Even if you don't think it's real?
MUMFORD	m	I don't know what's real and what  isn't. That's never been my strong  suit. But if you're tired all the  time and you've had to give up the  life you were having and come back  home when you didn't want to... that's  worth trying to fix. Maybe I can  help you do that.
SOFIE	f	What would you do?
MUMFORD	m	We... we would try several things.  But I need to see you a lot.
SOFIE	f	I don't know. I barely made it today.
MUMFORD	m	I'll come to you. We'll try a little  walking.
MUMFORD	m	We'll take it slow. You'll never  feel you can't handle it.
SOFIE	f	I don't think I can afford it. I  don't want my dad paying.
MUMFORD	m	We'll work it out.
SOFIE	f	You have the best answer for  everything. You seem so... hopeful. Are you always  this sunny?
MUMFORD	m	No one ever thought so. You must  bring it out.
SOFIE	f	Is it contagious? 'Cause everyone  agrees my immune system's way down.
MUMFORD	m	Maybe you'll catch it.
SOFIE	f	Can I ask you something? Didn't you tell my dad you didn't  think it was a good idea to come to  the patient? So what changed?
ALTHEA	f	-- sorry everything's in such an  uproar. Lots of big occasions coming  up, and of course Christmas is only  eight months away -- -- I don't know what's keeping Jeremy.  You know he stays in the city three  nights a week -- I guess I explained  that... ...I know Katie's here, but I'm not  so sure about Martin... I'm making  dinner myself tonight, so I'll have  to leave you, I'm afraid...
ALTHEA	f	I'm awful I know, but will you please  help yourself. I just got a new copper  sauciere from Williams-Sonoma and  I'm afraid it'll be the death of us  all if I don't get back in there...
KATIE	f	You're the doctor, aren't you?
MUMFORD	m	You must be Katie. People call me  Doc.
KATIE	f	C'mere. Quick... c'mon!
KATIE	f	Cuddledown... Linen & Lace... Scully  & Scully... Smith & Hawken... Plow &  Hearth... Museum of Modern Art...  Smithsonian Museum... J. Crew...  Wolferman's... Hold Everything...  Nieman Marcus... Coldwater Creek...  Garnett Hill... Norm Thompson...  Victoria's Secret... Sharper Image...  Hammacher Schlemmer...
MARTIN	m	Is this him?
KATIE	f	I showed him.
MARTIN	m	Do you get it now? This is no joke.
JEREMY	m	Hey, kids. Oh, hi.
JEREMY	m	You must be Dr. Mumford of Mumford.  Jeremy Brockett.
MUMFORD	m	Doc. Nice to meet you.
JEREMY	m	Sorry I'm late... traffic was a  motherfucker. Have another drink,  I'll be back in five.
ALTHEA	f	I'll be back.
JEREMY	m	I think you'll like this. Know much  about Cuban cigars?
MUMFORD	m	Nope.
JEREMY	m	Makes the whole thing that much  better.
JEREMY	m	Just hold the flame a little bit  below the end... that's it... now  just turn it slowly as you draw...
JEREMY	m	Are you a man who likes to treat  himself right?
MUMFORD	m	I've had my moments.
JEREMY	m	I am. And I'm not ashamed of it.  Nobody ever said on their death bed --  "I treated myself too well."
MUMFORD	m	I thought it was -- Nobody ever said,  "I should have spent more time at  the office."
JEREMY	m	Fill in the blank. I don't mind the  office. The point is, you only go  'round once. Like the Zens say -- Be  here now.
MUMFORD	m	What do you do?
JEREMY	m	Althea hasn't told you?
MUMFORD	m	We've been talking about her, mostly.
JEREMY	m	Well, in '85 four of us left our  firms and formed an investment banking  venture. We've got twenty-three people  working there now.
MUMFORD	m	You've done well.
JEREMY	m	We've done... very well. You know  anything about addiction, Doc?
MUMFORD	m	A little.
JEREMY	m	Well, I'm addicted to winning. I say  when you're in the red zone, you  gotta score. So what do you think?
MUMFORD	m	Tastes good.
JEREMY	m	No... I mean about Althea. About  her... ...behavior. Do you think you can  fix her up?
MUMFORD	m	What do you think's wrong with her?
JEREMY	m	She's gone weird is what's wrong  with her. Out of control. Probably  from living out here in Mayberry.
JEREMY	m	You're the doctor, what do you think?
MUMFORD	m	She seems very unhappy.
JEREMY	m	I think we all knew that, professor.  The question... the real -- -- quest-tio-nee... is... why?
MARTIN	m	But you know how to drive?
MUMFORD	m	Sure.
MARTIN	m	Got a license? But no car?
MUMFORD	m	Don't need it.
MARTIN	m	I just got my license two weeks ago.
MUMFORD	m	You're good.
MARTIN	m	I been drivin' since I was twelve.
MUMFORD	m	That would explain it.
MARTIN	m	Can you help Mom?
MUMFORD	m	I'm trying.
MARTIN	m	Got to.
MARTIN	m	Nessa Watkins... She comes to you,  doesn't she? You're treating her,  right?
MARTIN	m	What's wrong with her?
MUMFORD	m	Is she a friend of yours?
MARTIN	m	No... sort of. Man, she could be  cool, but all she does is get wrecked  and do all the guys. She's blowin'  them in the parking lot.
MARTIN	m	A person's got to hate themselves to  act like that.
MARTIN	m	Have you ever met a bigger shithead  than my stepfather?
LILY	f	Ainge!
MARTIN	m	That's okay. Jeremy won't mind. Good  dog.
LILY	f	Ainge!
LILY	f	Do we run into the street? No, I  didn't think so. Nice car. How's that place?
MUMFORD	m	It's a pretty piece of land.
LILY	f	And the Brocketts?
MUMFORD	m	Horror show. What'd you do tonight?
LILY	f	It was insane here, man. 'Hadda call  in the National Guard. Then I did my laundry... watched
MUMFORD	m	...And?
LILY	f	Shocking. Did you know the government  is wasteful? You heard it here first. Oh, and  being a supermodel... it's no walk  in the park.
MUMFORD	m	Why do you watch?
LILY	f	No gentleman caller, Doc. Not that I care. I've had it with  men. They're so fascinated by their  own crap. Took me four years to get  the last one out. Almost turned me  into a dyke... These days my idea of  a hot date is a long shower by myself  before bed. Now that feels good. And  you don't have to do all that...  listening.
LILY	f	Oops... sorry. I guess that's the  story of your life.
SOFIE	f	I'm not making any promises.
MUMFORD	m	We'll turn back anytime you want.
SOFIE	f	Oh boy... this should be interesting.
SOFIE	f	Hello, Mother. I want you to meet  Dr. Mumford.
MRS. COOK	f	Mumford... like the town?
MUMFORD	m	Yes. It's nice to meet you, Mrs.  Cook.
MRS. COOK	f	What's happening here?
SOFIE	f	We're going for a walk.
MRS. COOK	f	Do you think that's a good idea?
SOFIE	f	Dr. Mumford does, yes. I've put myself  completely in his hands. For today,  anyway.
MRS. COOK	f	What kind of doctor are you?
MUMFORD	m	Ph.D., psychologist.
MRS. COOK	f	Oh... not a real doctor.
MUMFORD	m	That's right, the fake kind.
SOFIE	f	We'd better go or I'm liable to bail  on the whole thing.
SOFIE	f	Mom's such a cutie.
MUMFORD	m	People usually have to get to know  me before they hate me.
SOFIE	f	She's not in a bad mood. She's like  that all the time. It doesn't bother me anymore. It's  my dad and my brother I worry about.
MUMFORD	m	Maybe... but you're the one whose  ass is dragging.
SOFIE	f	Is that the technical description of  what I've got?
MUMFORD	m	Is she against you getting help?
SOFIE	f	We don't discuss it.
MUMFORD	m	Something's bothering her.
SOFIE	f	Oh, we've all disappointed her. Me,  especially, but Dad, of course. She  thinks my brother's all right, but  she didn't expect much. It's what  happens when you "marry beneath  yourself"...
MUMFORD	m	Please... forgive me.
SOFIE	f	What?
MUMFORD	m	Negative thinking makes everything  more difficult. If you're going to  have enough strength to do this, we  have to talk only about positive  things. All right?
MUMFORD	m	Okay then... Are you positive your  mother's a bitch? Just kidding.
SOFIE	f	You've got a funny idea of funny.
MUMFORD	m	I've offended you!
SOFIE	f	No.
MUMFORD	m	Really? What would it take?
SOFIE	f	Is this the treatment?
MUMFORD	m	Sorry... I'm done.
SOFIE	f	'Cause I'll tell you, none of the  others have tried this approach.
SOFIE	f	Hey, 'Just do it!'
MUMFORD	m	I want you to tell me all your  symptoms.
SOFIE	f	I'm embarrassed. The list is so long.
MUMFORD	m	Be specific.
SOFIE	f	Well... I'm tired all the time,  obviously. I always feel like taking  a nap. But when I try to sleep, I  have trouble. My muscles ache. And my joints. I  feel like an old person, or like I  did back when I used to work out too  hard... What else?...
MUMFORD	m	Sore throat?
SOFIE	f	Uh-huh.
MUMFORD	m	Low grade fever?
MUMFORD	m	Painful lymph glands? Forget fulness... irritability...  depression?
SOFIE	f	Yes, yes, and definitely yes. Also...  I get confused.
MUMFORD	m	Yeah, most people have that. It's  confusing here.
SOFIE	f	Where?
MUMFORD	m	Life.
SOFIE	f	I don't know if I mentioned the  headaches.
MUMFORD	m	Did you get headaches before this? But you get more now? Or more severe?
SOFIE	f	No, not really. They're about the  same. My marriage was one long  headache.
MUMFORD	m	So the headaches may not even be a  part of this?
MUMFORD	m	I can give myself a headache  instantly.
SOFIE	f	Is that like a party trick?
MUMFORD	m	All I have to do is have two  conflicting thoughts at the same  time... Like I'll think -- 'Taking  these walks is going to help Sofie  get better.' But then I'll also think --  'Mumford, you just enjoy taking these  walks and you're kidding yourself  about the benefits.'
MUMFORD	m	There... I've given myself a real  whopper.
SOFIE	f	You actually address yourself by  name in your thoughts? So you really think having two  opposing ideas in your head does  some kind of damage?
MUMFORD	m	Sometimes, yeah... pulling in two  different directions at once. It  makes tiny little tears in our fabric.
SOFIE	f	Well then, my life has been some  kind of huge rip.
FOLLETT	?	The town was a rube's heaven, but I  found work my first day out down at  Old Man Sutter's gas station and  diner. I knew his stacked young wife  was going to be a problem, but, hey,  life is full of problems. Back at  the boarding house, I was washing up  when I heard a load of yellin' and --
LANDLADY'S DAUGHTER	f	...get off my case! You don't like  any of my friends...
FOLLETT	?	...I got my first look at the  landlady's daughter.
FOLLETT	?	Lucky for me, she was plenty upset  but not too careful.
FOLLETT	?	Or maybe it wasn't an accident at  all --
MUMFORD	m	Mr. Follett.
FOLLETT	?	-- 'cause in that instant I saw the  beginning of a vixen's smile and I  knew --
MUMFORD	m	Henry!
FOLLETT	?	What?
MUMFORD	m	Stop now.
FOLLETT	?	Why? I'm paying for this.
MUMFORD	m	Not for this. Not me, you're not.
FOLLETT	?	You find it distasteful, don't you?
MUMFORD	m	It doesn't matter how I feel about  it. It's how you feel about it that  matters.
FOLLETT	?	I enjoy it. Does that make me some  kind of pervert? Just because a man  has a rich imaginative life --
MUMFORD	m	You didn't come to me because you  have a rich imagination.
FOLLETT	?	No?
MUMFORD	m	You came because it's taking over.  You're in its grip.
FOLLETT	?	I never said that.
MUMFORD	m	Where's your wife, Henry?
MUMFORD	m	Where's your wife, Henry?
FOLLETT	?	Go to hell.
MUMFORD	m	I didn't hear you.
FOLLETT	?	We got divorced. I had to get rid of her. She couldn't  satisfy me.
MUMFORD	m	What?!
FOLLETT	?	I was... never satisfied.
MUMFORD	m	Now we're back on track.
MUMFORD	m	What's that?
FOLLETT	?	You are so mean.
MUMFORD	m	Hey, Skip.
SKIP	m	Doc. I know we're not supposed to  get together till Wednesday...
MUMFORD	m	That's all right. What's on your  mind?
SKIP	m	How many sessions have we had now,  Doc? Six. And it's been good... like we  were two buddies hanging out. Just  shootin' the shit.
MUMFORD	m	Yep.
SKIP	m	This is really hard. Everything I  want to say is hard...
SKIP	m	...We're like friends, almost... who  trust each other.
SKIP	m	I want to tell you something, Doc,  but before I do, I need to ask you a  question... Because, for me to tell  you this thing -- well, I haven't  told anybody about this. It's the  biggest secret I've got.
MUMFORD	m	Sometimes it's best to keep a few  things just for ourselves.
SKIP	m	You're a shrink, Doc. Aren't I  supposed to be able to tell you  everything?
MUMFORD	m	It's just a thought.
SKIP	m	That really relates to the thing I  want to ask you... I've noticed that  sometimes, not a lot, but sometimes,  when we're hanging out, throwin' the  ball... or that time we went  bowling... sometimes you'll like -- -- tell me things about your other  patients.
SKIP	m	Hey, maybe that's all right! I don't  know all that much about psychology  or therapy or... ethics, so maybe  there's something I missed... or  something...
MUMFORD	m	You're concerned that maybe I can't  be trusted with a secret.
SKIP	m	I trust you. Definitely. No question.  But, yeah, I'm a little concerned. I  mean, you're not supposed to tell  anyone about your patients'  problems... are you?
MUMFORD	m	That is correct, Skip. I'm going to  have to take a long look at that.
SKIP	m	Yeah, well... what I was gonna tell  you --
MUMFORD	m	-- Skip. Knowing what you do about  me --
SKIP	m	Doc, I trust you! You've listened to  me better than anybody... maybe ever. And this secret I've got, I can't  stand it anymore. I don't know if  I'm some kind of --
SKIP	m	-- I don't know if I'm a pervert or  what. It's taken me this long to get  where I can come out and say it... I  can't back away now. I can't spend  another day not knowing if I'm nuts.
SKIP	m	All right, I'm just gonna tell you,  as simple and direct as I can. And you understand that this is a  big secret? Just between us? Okay. You know I've got this gift  for certain kinds of... machines.
MUMFORD	m	You are Panda, monarch of modems.
SKIP	m	That's right. And you also know that  even though I make 23% of the modems  in the world... I cannot make one  simple connection with any woman who  could truly love me.
MUMFORD	m	Okay... let's say that, for now.
SKIP	m	It's true, believe me. So... do you  know what I've been doing, all alone,  in my workshop, for almost two  years?... Mr. Find-the-Need-and-Fill- It. How I spend my every solitary  hour?
SKIP	m	Guess. Go ahead, guess!
MUMFORD	m	Jerking off?
SKIP	m	No!... Although that's a good guess.  No, what I've been working on, what  the world really needs and no one  has been able to create -- -- a virtually life-like, humanoid,  gender-specific, anatomically  functional... sexual surrogate slash  companion.
MUMFORD	m	Slash what?
SKIP	m	Sexual surrogate... slash...  companion.
MUMFORD	m	A doll?
SKIP	m	No, Doc, not a doll. I am Panda. I'm  talking about much, much more than a  doll. The world has never seen what  I'm talking about... except maybe in  the movies.
MUMFORD	m	How's it coming?
SKIP	m	You don't think I'm insane?
MUMFORD	m	And that's your secret? You meant -- like a trade secret?
SKIP	m	No, Doc, a private secret! It's  perverted, it's pitiful. What am I --  Dr. Frankenstein? Aren't you repulsed?
MUMFORD	m	Sounds like kind of a good idea.
SKIP	m	Really?
MUMFORD	m	Definitely.
MUMFORD	m	Skip, that's not much of a secret.
SKIP	m	It's not?
MUMFORD	m	Oh, it's okay. It's just not something  to be ashamed of. Maybe you don't  want people knowing -- and believe  me, it's safe with me -- but on the  scale of dirty little secrets, I'd  give it, say... a two.
MUMFORD	m	You want to know a secret? I'll tell  you a secret. Since it's just between  us and all...
MUMFORD	m	The secret, Skip, is this -- I am  not now, nor have I ever been... a  psychologist.
MUMFORD	m	We'd better get going. Just follow  my light. And, Skip, watch your step.
SKIP	m	Who else knows?
MUMFORD	m	Just you.
SKIP	m	It's time you did some talkin', Dr.  Mum -- Wait a minute. That is your  name, isn't it?
SKIP	m	Damn! What is your name?
MUMFORD	m	Doesn't matter. You can call me Doc.
SKIP	m	It matters to me.
SKIP	m	I've told you a lot of private stuff.
MUMFORD	m	I can tell you anything else.
SKIP	m	What about everything? How did this  happen?
MUMFORD	m	Did you know that every species of  mammal has found some way to drug,  inebriate, or anestnetize itself?  Even if it's just banging its head  against a rock. Seems to be some  natural urge... to get away for a  while. I've had it for as long as I can  remember. The first place I wanted  out of was home...
MUMFORD	m	I thought I had the best parents in  Bald Knob, West Virginia... till I  was seven years old and got a look  at some others. They weren't bad  folks...
MUMFORD	m	...but they were real unhappy about  being who they were...
MUMFORD	m	It made no sense that school came  easy for me... I didn't do much work,  and there was a proud tradition in  my family of being really dumb. My  friends didn't like it much. It made  them distrust me...
MUMFORD	m	On the other hand, it made some of  my classmates like me better... I  don't know what it was in me, maybe  some genes from my mom, maybe some  discomfort with myself, but early on  I was drawn to any substance that  made me numb...
MUMFORD	m	When I got a scholarship to go out  of state to college, I was the first  one in my extended family who'd gone  beyond high school. At graduation,  my folks looked like a normal, happy  couple, which I guess they were about  10% of the time... out in public.
MUMFORD	m	My roommate was from a planet I had  never heard of called Scarsdale,  where everything was the opposite of  West Virginia...
MUMFORD	m	All the other kids, in fact, seemed  to know things I didn't. They were  friendly enough, but in four years,  I never got over feeling that I had  sneaked in... and was about to be  exposed as the hillbilly and imposter  I actually was.
MUMFORD	m	The thing that always made those  feelings go away was... fun. Fun was  drugs, fun was sex, fun was  aggressively doing nothing. The only  problem I had with degenerate, self- destructive behavior was... I couldn't  get enough of it.
MUMFORD	m	All that fun eventually had an impact  on the work I was doing. I figured,  what the hell, it was only college,  after all. I'd straighten up when I  went out in the real world...
MUMFORD	m	I didn't want to jump into my career  right out of college. And since I  had no career, that turned out to be  not much of a problem...
MUMFORD	m	I had a series of challenging jobs  over the next few years...
MUMFORD	m	...pizza delivery, pipe fitting,  pest control... lots of jobs that  started with the letter "p". For  some reason, I kept losing these  jobs. The only mind-altering substance I  never had a problem with was alcohol.  I never got drunk. I didn't like the  feeling. But really, when you're as  fucked up as I was... big deal.
MUMFORD	m	Eventually, doing all these different  jobs, I noticed something. For some  reason, probably because I was too  stoned to talk, everywhere I went --
MUMFORD	m	-- people would talk to me, tell me  everything... their stories, their  problems, their innermost thoughts.  Sometimes they'd pretend they needed  advice, but mostly people just wanted  someone to listen.
MUMFORD	m	Anyway, one day I was spraying for  termites when I had a vision --
MUMFORD	m	-- it was time to put my college  degree to work and get a job with a  desk.
MUMFORD	m	I took the civil service exam and  found myself working at the Internal  Revenue Service, District 14, Central  Administrative Office. I started off  as a general records clerk...
MUMFORD	m	I guess the standards weren't too  high there, because my superiors got  excited and pushed me to take the  advancement tests...
MUMFORD	m	One guy in particular thought I should  be a Revenue Officer. There was more  money to be made as your  classification went up. Which had a  lot of appeal to me...
MUMFORD	m	...since, even though I was certain  I could stop anytime I wanted, I had  developed a real affection for  cocaine. It was my favorite hobby I  had ever had.
MUMFORD	m	But I sure didn't want to be a Revenue  Officer, where you were face to face  abusing -- and getting abused -- all  day long...
MUMFORD	m	...And being a Collection Agent was  definitely not in my genetic make- up...
MUMFORD	m	But there was one job that looked  like it might be fun -- Investigator.
SKIP	m	Are you telling me your last job  before becoming a psychologist was --
SKIP	m	-- an investigator for the Internal  Revenue Service?
MUMFORD	m	Everybody has a story, Skip.
SKIP	m	Sounds like you have several.
MUMFORD	m	What it felt like was... a series of  separate, unconnected lives --  hillbilly kid, wrecked college boy,  garbage man, civil service guy... ...et cetera... et cetera. Every  time I'd leave a life, it felt good.  Whatever problems I was having were  suddenly gone. I had no friends and  I didn't talk to my family. The only  constant, stabilizing force in my  life was... drugs.
SKIP	m	An IRS investigator with a drug  problem?
MUMFORD	m	It wasn't the best situation.
SKIP	m	Did you carry a gun?
MUMFORD	m	Didn't need one. We didn't even need  a warrant for most of the shit we  did. Man, the IRS... we could go in  your bank account, your credit  cards... hell, we used to go into  doctors' files and get all the juicy  details. Nobody wants to argue with  the IRS.
MUMFORD	m	I got teamed with one of the top  guys, a fanatic named Gregory. He  always got his man, whether they  deserved it or not. He was a "closer"  and everybody admired that...
MUMFORD	m	He'd make the case and the Collection  guys would come in and clean up. Our  specialty was... sleazy skulking...
MUMFORD	m	We were a good team. I was a dope  addict and Gregory was insane.
MUMFORD	m	Of course, him being insane didn't  make it all right that I fell in  love with his wife.
SKIP	m	Holy shit!
MUMFORD	m	"Get to know your therapist."
SKIP	m	You were messed up, man.
MUMFORD	m	But look at me now...
SKIP	m	Hey, you've done good. Look at  yourself... you've cleaned up, you've  got a career --
SKIP	m	At least you pulled yourself out...
MUMFORD	m	Things got a lot worse.
SKIP	m	You and Candy...?
MUMFORD	m	The way the District Managers got  ahead and won their bonuses was by  generating maximum payments. That  meant the revenue officers had to  use all their "collection tools" --  seizures, liens, levies -- even if a  more reasonable compromise could  have been worked out. The best way  to reduce resistance from the  taxpayers was to build a convincing  case -- whether there'd actually  been a violation or not...
MUMFORD	m	That's where we came in. Our DM was  a particular sonuvabitch, and he  knew just how to get Gregory crazy.
MUMFORD	m	So several things were working on  Gregory when we started building a  case against a furniture maker named  Edmond Worrell...
MUMFORD	m	...and his family.
MUMFORD	m	Gregory was acting more and more  irrational. We started doing things  that were over the line even for the  IRS. When I look back on it now, I'm  sure Gregory must have known about  Candy and me. On our team, I had  become...
MUMFORD	m	...the responsible one.
MUMFORD	m	Sometimes when a case didn't work  out right, Gregory and this Revenue  Officer named McLure would put the  squeeze on the subject's accountant...
MUMFORD	m	There aren't many accountants who  don't have something to worry about  with the Service...
MUMFORD	m	The parties met repeatedly over a  period of months. The IRS offered to  settle for a sizable but, they said,  fair amount. Worrell said he'd done  nothing wrong and threatened to fight  it all the way to Washington. He  seemed pretty strong. I was secretly  pulling for him. McLure and the  District Manager stepped up the  pressure.
MUMFORD	m	What none of us down at the Service  knew was that Edmond Worrell had a  story too... Worrell's was that he'd  been fighting chronic depression for  thirty years. Under the heat of the  investigation, he fell off his  medication. One Tuesday morning, he  went down to the factory early, wrote  his family a letter, then used the  9mm automatic they kept there to  kill himself... The DM dropped the  case that day and started proceedings  to get rid of Gregory...
MUMFORD	m	Gregory went home drunk, beat up  Candy and went out to drink some  more. Candy told me she didn't want  to see me again. She hated us both  and she was leaving us both... It  made perfect sense to me. I felt the  same way...
MUMFORD	m	...In fact, I was jealous of Candy.  I wanted to leave too, just like  her... get as far away from --
MUMFORD	m	-- me... as possible.
SKIP	m	And so you did...
SKIP	m	And the drugs?
MUMFORD	m	Harder than I thought. Took me three  tries. But I was highly motivated --  figured there was no point in leaving  me and taking that along. After two  bomb-outs, I found a place in the  desert...
MUMFORD	m	The joint wasn't fancy -- it was run  by an order of monks -- but it worked.  When I got out of there, I was just  about broke...
MUMFORD	m	...which seemed perfect for starting  something new. Be back.
SKIP	m	Somebody's taking a shower down there.
MUMFORD	m	That'd be Lily.
SKIP	m	I wish I could live in the shower.  I'd take five a day if I had the  time. I went to this spa in Germany,  a sanitarium practically, up on this  mountain. And the great thing --  they just kept you wet all day.
MUMFORD	m	Who'd you go with? That's not good.
SKIP	m	How'd you do it? The new you.
MUMFORD	m	You know how easy it is. A kid can  manage it if he wants a fake I.D.  You can do practically the whole  deal at your local Kinko's. The only  variable is how much pride you take  in the product.
SKIP	m	I know it starts with a birth  certificate...
MUMFORD	m	All new people start with that...
MUMFORD	m	With desktop publishing, you don't  have to deal with printers, supply  houses, or pesky government agencies.  Eventually you do have to get your  hands on a typewriter. Ever seen one  of those, Skip?
SKIP	m	Is that like a mimeograph?... What  about the name?
MUMFORD	m	What about it?
SKIP	m	"Mumford"... I mean, why pick the  name of the town you were going to?
MUMFORD	m	Oh. You got it backwards. I already  had the name when I started looking  for somewhere to settle. When I saw  this town on a map, I thought maybe  it was a sign. See...
MUMFORD	m	...Mickey Mumford was in Miss Rice's  kindergarten class with me. He was  killed with his parents in a wreck  on their way back from a Steelers  game. He was only six years old,  which is a real plus, so there's a  birth certificate if anyone checks --  but not much else. They died in  Pennsylvania, so there's no death  certificate in West Virginia... that's  also good.
SKIP	m	And a birth certificate is enough?
MUMFORD	m	Everything flows from that, and what  doesn't... can be easily purchased.
MUMFORD	m	Of course, my IRS training made it  easier. Once you've done that, there's  not much data you can't access and  use any way you want.
MUMFORD	m	In a free society, you are who you  say you are. People should remember that before  they go around knocking this country. Skip, all this beer's got me sleepy.
SKIP	m	But you studied psychology, right?  You did the training and just never  got the degree?
MUMFORD	m	No... no training.
SKIP	m	Psych major?
MUMFORD	m	English Lit.
SKIP	m	Jeez, man. But you're good at it!
MUMFORD	m	I understand what it's like to want  to leave a problem behind. That's  all most people are looking to do. Mainly, I listen.
SKIP	m	Where ya going? I've got a million  questions.
MUMFORD	m	See you Thursday... regular time.
SOFIE	f	...so we get on this incredible steam  engine train that runs up into the  mountains... ...and this trip is everything it's  cracked up to be... an open car,  great views, the mountain air blowing  through. We're sitting there, married  for six years, and he says how he  likes it better when I put my hair  back...
SOFIE	f	That wasn't so good.
MUMFORD	m	You're doing great.
SOFIE	f	I don't know if I'm going to make it  the whole way.
MUMFORD	m	It doesn't matter. Go on.
SOFIE	f	Oh... this makes me sound irrational,  which is probably right, but there  was something about him saying this --  it was maybe the millionth time he'd  told me about some preference of  his. Well, I was so... tired of it. Seems like my whole life someone's  been telling me... I'm just not  getting it right. Can we rest for a  second?
SOFIE	f	You're purposely making me talk while  we do this... ...because you think this is good  for me... ...and you're a sadistic bastard...
MUMFORD	m	Yes.
SOFIE	f	...who thinks there's nothing really  wrong with me.
MUMFORD	m	Oh, there's something wrong with  you, all right. Especially after  hearing that dream of yours, about  the Roto-Rooter.
SOFIE	f	That was really bad, wasn't it?
MUMFORD	m	Disgusting.
SOFIE	f	And I'll bet you can interpret the  whole thing
MUMFORD	m	It's pretty obvious to a trained  professional.
SOFIE	f	I hate those dreams where everything  means something.
MUMFORD	m	Is that when you split up?
SOFIE	f	No, that'd be a good story, but that  was just the beginning of the end.  We went on for another year or so.
SOFIE	f	So whose route is this?
MUMFORD	m	Brady Peck's. Fourteen years old.  Lives next door.
SOFIE	f	And he's where?
MUMFORD	m	In the capitol for Boy's Nation.  Five days. Why?
SOFIE	f	I'm thinking a gal could make a good  living doing this. How hard could it  be squeezing out some fourteen year  old?
MUMFORD	m	You like it?
SOFIE	f	It's all right.
MUMFORD	m	Then you can expect me at 5:30  tomorrow morning.
SOFIE	f	And this is legitimate therapy?
MUMFORD	m	Therapy? Hell no, I just don't want  to do it alone.
MUMFORD	m	What is it, Nessa?
NESSA	f	Isn't she amazing? That is such a  wicked look.
MUMFORD	m	What do you want me to see?
NESSA	f	Just chill for a second. Look at  this guy, it appears he's actually  dead... but gorgeous.
NESSA	f	What are you doing? We're not done.  I just need to find the thing...
MUMFORD	m	If you don't want to have a session  today, it's okay.
NESSA	f	I want to have the session. I thought  it would be cool if I could show you  some of the things that interest me.  But I guess you're not into it...  which we already knew.
MUMFORD	m	What happened today?
NESSA	f	What are you talking about?
MUMFORD	m	Was it something that happened at  school?
NESSA	f	These appointments were not my idea,  remember.
MUMFORD	m	True. Should we stop them?
NESSA	f	I don't think you know what you're  talking about.
MUMFORD	m	Uh-huh.
NESSA	f	This shrink school you went to...  did you hear about it on an  infomercial?
NESSA	f	I want to live in the world these  people are in. No one ever says  anything in there, have you noticed?  So they're very cool. Like they're  all really deep. It's when people  start talking that everything goes  to shit.
NESSA	f	There's this kid at school... Martin  Brockett. He has some gigantic idea  of himself that no one else shares.  You wouldn't believe the crap he  lays on me... Who appointed him my  spiritual leader? If he has everything  so figured out how come his best  friend is a .22 rifle? And why's he  spend all his time chasing after me?  Probably thinks I'm gonna give him a  hummer...
MUMFORD	m	Do you think that's what he wants?
NESSA	f	No. I don't know what he wants. But  I know I don't like being watched.  Nobody's ever paid any attention to  what I did, and I liked it just fine.  Where does he get off telling me I  disrespect myself? Fuck him. Look in a mirror, bozo.
MUMFORD	m	What's the deal?
LILY	f	They come through a few times each  year. Hello, Mrs. Saito, good to see you  again! It's a tour.
MUMFORD	m	Where am I supposed to eat?
LILY	f	You're on your own today, honey.
MUMFORD	m	Hey, Skip!
SKIP	m	Doc.
MUMFORD	m	Lily, I want you to meet Skip. Skip,  Lily.
LILY	f	It's a pleasure to meet you.
SKIP	m	Yeah... me you, too... I was at your  house...
LILY	f	Oh?
SKIP	m	Upstairs, with Doc... Yeah, it's  very nice... I heard your shower.
LILY	f	I've seen you going by on your board,  but I didn't realize -- you're so  young... to be so...
SKIP	m	What?
MUMFORD	m	...so rich?
LILY	f	...so accomplished.
SKIP	m	I may be young, but Doc can tell  you, I'm very immature.
SKIP	m	So, is this like a Japanese  restaurant?
LILY	f	I'd better get in there.
SKIP	m	That's a lot of people all at once.
LILY	f	It's okay. They pre-order. There's a  choice of three entrees.
SKIP	m	What are they?
LILY	f	Meat loaf, turkey quesadillas, or  salad nicoise.
SKIP	m	Salad nicoise? I love salad nicoise.
LILY	f	You do?
SKIP	m	Yeah.
LILY	f	Well, come on in.
DELBANCO	?	Dr. Mumford.
MUMFORD	m	Dr. Delbanco. It's nice to see you  again.
DELBANCO	?	I don't think you know Dr. Sheeler.  She's the other therapist here in  town.
MUMFORD	m	Of course... I've heard great things  about you.
SHEELER	?	Thank you.
DELBANCO	?	You never got back to me. ...I called to say we'd like to take  you out for a meal?... Kind of a  professional welcome.
MUMFORD	m	Forgive me, please. What a gracious  thought. We must do that.
SHEELER	?	When?
MUMFORD	m	Why don't I call you when I've got  my calendar in front of me?
DELBANCO	?	What are you doing for lunch?
MUMFORD	m	Right now?
DELBANCO	?	...annihilation anxieties engendered  by bad experiences with a depriving  mother... but no one can escape the  fear of death. It is, as Henry James  put it, "the worm at the core." Try  as we may to forget or ignore our  mortality, James said -- -- "the skull will grin in at the  banquet."
DELBANCO	?	I've run on. Forgive me. We're here  to talk about you.
MUMFORD	m	Are we?
SHEELER	?	What Ernest means, I think, is we're  very interested in other  methodology... different kinds of  training. We're great believers in  learning from each other. I've learned  so much from Ern -- Dr. Delbanco...
DELBANCO	?	...And I from Phyllis.
SHEELER	?	So... the University of Kentucky.  Who runs the program down there?
MUMFORD	m	My mentor was an amazing teacher  named Benton Mandlebaum. Died quite  tragically in the collapse of a  gazebo.
DELBANCO	?	I think I've heard of him... a  disciple of Rothberg, wasn't he?
MUMFORD	m	It's possible. I don't know about  that.
SHEELER	?	I suppose your extended training was  at an institution in that area?
MUMFORD	m	Lots of institutions. My graduate  advisor believed we should experience  as many environments as possible --  prisons, clinics, half-way houses.  For a while I was chief therapist in  a shopping mall. Had a little spot  next to the yogurt place.
DELBANCO	?	Interesting approach. What was his  name?
MUMFORD	m	Dorothy Fowler. Fantastic woman. She  passed last year in a train wreck.  Damned Amtrak.
SHEELER	?	I trained in the east, myself --  Cornell -- and I don't care what  anyone says, there really are regional  differences. I found the state  certification exams out here quite  harrowing... Did you?
MUMFORD	m	Oh, yeah, very tough. But I guess  that's good... to keep out the quacks.
SHEELER	?	Which examiner did you have? I  probably know him.
MUMFORD	m	Wallace Franklin... from Greensburg.
SHEELER	?	That was a terrible thing.
MUMFORD	m	I don't even know why hang-gliding  is considered a legitimate sport.
DELBANCO	?	We're interested in any new therapies.  How would you characterize your  approach?
MUMFORD	m	My approach?
SHEELER	?	Yes... your particular approach.
MUMFORD	m	I don't have one really. Most of the  time I'm faking it. See, I think  there's not much that can be done  about most problems... they're too  complicated, too deep-rooted by the  time I hear about them. The most I  can do, usually, is look and listen  real closely, try to catch some  glimpse of the secret life everybody's  got. If I can get a sense of that,  well then, maybe... just maybe, I  can help them out a little.
DELBANCO	?	I see.
ALTHEA	f	-- The argument had nothing to do  with it.
MUMFORD	m	I understand. I just want to know  what the argument was about.
ALTHEA	f	I had ordered some books. "The 100  Greatest Books Ever Written."
MUMFORD	m	Uh-huh. What are they?
ALTHEA	f	Oh, all the great writers --  Shakespeare, Charles Dickens, Moby  Dick... those people. Each is bound  in genuine premium leather with 22  carat gold accents. It's a magnificent  set -- and only $33.50 per volume.  Right away you get Great Expectations  for just $6.99.
MUMFORD	m	One hundred books?
ALTHEA	f	It's irrelevant. It had nothing to  do with what happened.
MUMFORD	m	What happened?
ALTHEA	f	We argued on Sunday. He went to work  on Monday and stayed in the city  during the week, like always. But on  Thursday, when he normally comes  home, he didn't. Didn't call either.  Not till Saturday afternoon.
MUMFORD	m	You must have been concerned.
ALTHEA	f	It's happened before. I'm shocked by how little I'm feeling.  I can't understand it. I'll probably have a complete  depressoid collapse soon, won't I?
MUMFORD	m	Doubtful. What did he say?
ALTHEA	f	He said he wasn't coming back. He  said it wasn't working for him any  more. That it hadn't "worked for  him" for quite a while... You know  what I regret the most? I'm sorry I  let him make the kids take his name.  He was an acquirer. He liked to acquire things.
ALTHEA	f	You think that has something to do  with my problem? Ordering all those  things?...
ALTHEA	f	...Like I was on some kind of campaign  to out-acquire him... ...If I was just an acquisition to  him, and he lost interest once he  had me --
ALTHEA	f	That can't be it. It's too simple.  And besides, I still like it. This  morning I ordered a marble turtle  cheese board from The Horchow  Collection. Can I tell you something just awful?  You know how people who are just  assholes will sometimes look at a  woman who's got problems and say,  "What she needs is a good shtupping!"?
ALTHEA	f	Well, there may be something to that.  Jeremy didn't keep up his end -- Oh,  what difference does it make? Why do I feel elated? Am I in denial?  You know what it feels like?...
ALTHEA	f	I know my time's up, but I've got to  get this out while I've got hold of  it --
MUMFORD	m	Take your time.
ALTHEA	f	-- When I was in high school, the  thing I wanted most, when I was stuck  in class, the thing I was always  desperately in pursuit of -- was a  hall pass. That's all I wanted. I  loved moving freely around the school  while everybody else was trapped in  there... And that's how I feel right  now... Like I have some giant, all- day hall pass.
ALTHEA	f	My god, did it just get hot in here  or what?
ALTHEA	f	See you next time. I'll probably be  a basket case by then.
MUMFORD	m	You can go out there if you like...
ALTHEA	f	"There's no shame in getting a little  therapy", right, Doc?
ALTHEA	f	Hello, Mr. Follett. Have a good  session. Bye, Doc.
MUMFORD	m	Henry...
SKIP	m	Hey, Doc!
SKIP	m	Thanks, Jennifer, I'll take him from  here.
SKIP	m	I've never brought anyone down here  before.
MUMFORD	m	I'm honored.
SKIP	m	Doc, there's something about what  you told me the other night I can't  get out of my head. It's driving me  batty -- Why me? How did you know you could  trust me?
MUMFORD	m	You're completely reliable.
SKIP	m	It's just me, Dino!
MUMFORD	m	Skip, I've got a problem and I need  some advice.
SKIP	m	You want my advice? Far out!
SKIP	m	I hope nothing you're about to see  will shake your faith in me.
SKIP	m	Pretty creepy, huh? Are you totally  disgusted?
MUMFORD	m	Skip, you're a visionary. That can  be a burden.
SKIP	m	This doesn't seem a little...  perverse?
MUMFORD	m	There are a lot of lonely people in  the world. Somebody's gonna figure  this out someday.
SKIP	m	It's not going to be me. I'm giving  it up.
MUMFORD	m	Really?
SKIP	m	It's all your fault. In the last 48  hours, I've completely lost interest.
MUMFORD	m	What'd I do?
SKIP	m	Lily.
MUMFORD	m	Lily... ...Skip, that's great! You and Lily.
SKIP	m	Oh, she doesn't know about it yet.  Right now, of the two of us, I'm the  only one in love. But I'm very stoked.
SKIP	m	Doc, how I can be of help to you?
SKIP	m	Sorry...
MUMFORD	m	Wow.
SKIP	m	I'm here for you, Doc.
MUMFORD	m	Skip, you know that it's improper --  completely unethical -- for a licensed  psychologist to carry on a romantic  relationship with one of his patients?
SKIP	m	I guess that makes sense.
MUMFORD	m	Yes, yes it does...
SKIP	m	You've fallen in love with one of  your patients?
SKIP	m	Doc!... It's not me, is it?
MUMFORD	m	What?
MUMFORD	m	No, Skip, it's not you. But I like  you a lot.
SKIP	m	Doc, what about this? You're not  really a licensed psychologist!
SKIP	m	Hmm. I guess that doesn't help... I  see where you're going here. It's a  mess.
MUMFORD	m	Yep.
LIONEL	m	Don't you find it incredibly  convenient that everyone who could  possibly corroborate his story has  recently died some exotic death?
DELBANCO	?	They're neither all recent nor exotic.
SHEELER	?	But they're certainly dead. And yes,  personally, I find it a bit odd.
DELBANCO	?	It could happen. What about his state  certification exams? The records  seem to be in order.
LIONEL	m	What's easier than hacking your way  into a state computer and inserting  some numbers? For all you know he  never even took the exams!
SHEELER	?	That's true.
DELBANCO	?	I don't know that it's all that  easy...
LIONEL	m	Doctor, correct me if I'm wrong, but  it sounds to me like you've gone for  this guy's story hook, line and bull- twaddle.
SHEELER	?	You do seem much more disposed toward  him than I understand, Ernest. Did I  miss something?
DELBANCO	?	Oh, for god's sake, Phyllis -- we  have no reason to doubt the man! Are  we listening to Lionel now?
DELBANCO	?	Phyllis, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to  shout...
SHEELER	?	No, Dr. Delbanco, it is I who am  sorry. Sorry to have wasted your  time with such...
LILY	f	Stop it! He's a kid. I'm old enough  to be his... older sister.
COOK	m	Dr. Mumford. Please, come in.
MUMFORD	m	Hello, Mr. Cook. I was wondering if  Sofie was around?
COOK	m	Were you supposed to have a session?
MUMFORD	m	No. It's sort of spur of the moment.
COOK	m	Look who's here. Have you met Sofie's  moth--
MRS. COOK	f	-- We've met.
COOK	m	And our son, Ben...
BEN	m	This is a real honor, Doctor. Have a  seat, will ya?
MUMFORD	m	Well, actually, I can't really... Do  you think I could see Sofie?
BEN	m	I insist! I've been wanting to meet  you.
MRS. COOK	f	Sofie's not here.
COOK	m	Her friend from the city came and  took her out to dinner. First time  in a long time she's been willing.
MUMFORD	m	A friend?
BEN	m	We owe that to you. She's perked up  a lot since you started treating  her.
MRS. COOK	f	What'd you want?
MUMFORD	m	There's something I think we need to  talk about.
MRS. COOK	f	What?
MR. COOK	m	Elizabeth...
MRS. COOK	f	I think we have a right.
BEN	m	We certainly do not.
MRS. COOK	f	Keep it zipped, Ben.
MR. COOK	m	Is there something we need to know,  Dr. Mumford?
MUMFORD	m	Well... yes, I guess I should tell  you. I don't think I'm going to be  able to treat Sofie anymore.
MRS. COOK	f	Finally, some common sense...
MUMFORD	m	What do you mean?
MRS. COOK	f	I think you know what I mean.
MUMFORD	m	No, I really don't.
MRS. COOK	f	I think you do.
MUMFORD	m	Why don't you tell me?
MRS. COOK	f	Why don't you go to hell? It's all a  bunch of nonsense and you know it.
MR. COOK	m	Elizabeth, I'm tellin' you, stop  this...
MRS. COOK	f	You're telling me? That's rich...
MUMFORD	m	I'd better go.
BEN	m	Why can't you see Sofie? I know the  treatment's working.
MUMFORD	m	Well... you see, the problem is --
MRS. COOK	f	-- the problem is you're a big fake.  You haven't got a clue what's wrong  with that girl.
MUMFORD	m	Wow. You're something.
MRS. COOK	f	Take a hike, Dr. Quack!
MR. COOK	m	What is the problem, Doctor?
MUMFORD	m	Problem? I guess there is no  problem... Uh, this friend of Sofie's,  where'd he take her?
BEN	m	It's she -- Roxy. Used to work with  her. I think they went over to The  Lantern.
MUMFORD	m	Oh, Roxy! Excellent. Roxy.
FOLLETT	?	What is it?
MUMFORD	m	It's a thought I had.
FOLLETT	?	Should I open it now?
MUMFORD	m	Let me just say something here... I  have no idea if this is going to  help.
FOLLETT	?	What exactly is it supposed to do?
MUMFORD	m	You remember when I asked you about  pornography --
FOLLETT	?	-- I find it degrading. Maximum  gynecology and minimum turn-on --
MUMFORD	m	-- and you told me that. Still,  there's some kind of imagery that's  haunting you and, I think, getting  in your way --
FOLLETT	?	-- Which I don't necessarily agree.
MUMFORD	m	But you did come to me.
MUMFORD	m	My guess is these images were burned  into your brain when you were young.  Maybe if we could nail down the exact  fantasies that are haunting you --  maybe you could get past them...  Anyway, I thought we could try an  experiment.
FOLLETT	?	And the experiment is in here?
MUMFORD	m	You know what? I think this was a  dumb idea...
MUMFORD	m	...I just heard myself talking and I  realize I'm completely unqualified  to be doing this. Let's forget the  whole thing.
FOLLETT	?	Whoa, whoa, what are you doing? I  want to know what's in here.
MUMFORD	m	There's absolutely no reason to think  this is going to have any impact on  you. I'm embarrassed to have --
FOLLETT	?	Hey! I agree with you that you don't  know what you're talking about. That's  what I've been saying all along. And  I can guarantee you that looking at  the Lost Ark or whatever you got in  here is not going to mean diddly to  me... ...but if you think I'm going to let  you walk out of here without seeing  what's in this box, you don't know  much about Henry A. Follett.
YOUNG PHARMACIST	m	Mr. Follett --
FOLLETT	?	What?! What the hell is so important  I can't have five minutes --?
YOUNG PHARMACIST	m	It's her, sir. You told me to get  you when she came to pick up her  prescription.
FOLLETT	?	Uh, sorry, I'm going to have to... ...I really appreciate what you're  trying to... uh, I can't thank you  enough for...
MUMFORD	m	My pleasure.
FOLLETT	?	I'll see you on... whatever...
SOFIE	f	When I was in high school we used to  come up here and make out. I liked  to sit on the rock and watch the sun  go down.
MUMFORD	m	That's what I like.
SOFIE	f	Which thing?
MUMFORD	m	Either one.
SOFIE	f	Why'd you come to the house the other  night?
MUMFORD	m	I thought I had something to tell  you. But it turned out I didn't.
SOFIE	f	My brother said you were about to  fire me.
MUMFORD	m	That's one way to put it.
SOFIE	f	I bet I know what changed your mind... ...My mother. She was so horrible,  you decided you couldn't desert me.
MUMFORD	m	I thought only action movies had  villains like that.
SOFIE	f	That's the cut-off, isn't it? I know why you were going to quit  seeing me.
SOFIE	f	You feel like a fake, an imposter...
SOFIE	f	...as if maybe you don't know what  you're doing.
SOFIE	f	Everybody feels that way sometimes...  like we're not who we're supposed to  be. But I have to tell you, Dr.  Mumford --
SOFIE	f	-- you've been a tremendous help to  me.
MUMFORD	m	Yeah?
SOFIE	f	I can't tell you how much I admire  you. You have a wonderful way with  people. And you're very insightful.  I feel like you've seen me clearly...  I never used to admit what a horrible  person my mother was. You've made  that possible for me.
MUMFORD	m	That's... good?
SOFIE	f	Yes! And my ex-husband -- he never  accepted me for who I was, just like  Mother. The things you've said have  helped me understand what a dick he  is.
MUMFORD	m	I don't know if --
SOFIE	f	You're shockingly honest, that's  what makes you great. I've never had  a man treat me this way. With you, I  feel really... listened to. Can I tell you something? It's a  little embarrassing, but I feel very  unguarded with you.
MUMFORD	m	Of course.
SOFIE	f	Thanks to this therapy, I now know  what I'm looking for. I need to find  a man like you. Not one who's treating me, of course. And I'm going to do it, dammit! You've  given me the confidence.
MUMFORD	m	Sofie... that makes me very happy.
NESSA	f	...I mean, Doc, the dude is seriously  deluded. I said that to him, I said,  "If you think I'm gonna do all that  shit for you, man, you are seriously  deluded."
MUMFORD	m	What'd he say?
NESSA	f	He said -- "Which we already knew!"
MUMFORD	m	What did he want you to do?
NESSA	f	First off, he tells me to stop smoking  cigarettes. I told him abso-fuckin'- lutely no. As you can see --
NESSA	f	Then he says stop smoking dope. No  again. So then he says he doesn't  want me getting together with any  other guys...
NESSA	f	...What balls on this guy? What're  we... ...going steady? Jesus.
MUMFORD	m	No again?
NESSA	f	I said I'd consider it. Nobody owns  me. And the last thing was insane. I  don't know what's wrong with him...  No magazines.
MUMFORD	m	Really?
NESSA	f	I don't know if I can quit. We're  gonna try it together, like, you  know, AA or something. And I made  him give up his .22. No more sneaking  around the hills with his fucking  nut gun like some loony tune.
MUMFORD	m	He agreed?
NESSA	f	He's pitiful, Doc, a goddam puppy. I  don't know how much longer I can put  up with it. I already got two arms  and legs, I don't need another  appendage.
NESSA	f	Oops... gotta go!
MARTIN	m	Hiya, Doc.
MUMFORD	m	Martin.
MARTIN	m	Did you straighten her out?
MUMFORD	m	How are you?
MARTIN	m	Insane! Didn't ja hear? My family  got five hundred times better. Let's go, Vanessa.
GILROY	m	Doctor Mumford?
MUMFORD	m	I didn't see you there. Can I help  you?
GILROY	m	My name's Gilroy. I'm from the State  Certification Board.
GILROY	m	It's all right, it won't bite you.  Under civil code 1294.67b you are  entitled to be notified that your  status and certification are being  reviewed. This is the notice.
MUMFORD	m	Do you want to come in?
GILROY	m	No thanks. Plenty of time for that  when we're a little further along.
MUMFORD	m	Mr. Gilroy --
MUMFORD	m	What brought this on?
GILROY	m	I'm not at liberty to say. Sometimes  it's just routine, sometimes there's  been a complaint. We'll be in touch.
SKIP	m	Far out!
DELBANCO	?	...and when you said at lunch about  everybody having "a secret life",  something just snapped inside me. I  knew I could no longer continue my  relationship with Dr. Sheeler. It  was tearing me up inside. And I know  Phyllis wasn't getting what she needed  from it. What had started as a genuine  respect, I think, for each other's  professional abilities, and became,  over time, a personal attraction had  somehow... migrated into a rather  torrid sexual relationship...
DELBANCO	?	...I won't go into that today. Though,  if we should continue these sessions,  as I certainly hope we will, there  are some aspects of that I would  like to look at. God knows, I've  listened to enough people giving me  the juicy -- ...At any rate, I just wanted to  acknowledge the catalyzing effect  your comment had on me. I just hope  that it doesn't come roiling back  upon you like some dreadful undertow.
MUMFORD	m	How do you mean?
DELBANCO	?	Well... you see, when I broke it off  with Phyllis, she was naturally upset  and she became more determined than  ever to pursue certain -- how to put  it -- doubts she's been harboring...
MUMFORD	m	What kind of doubts?
DELBANCO	?	About you... your background and  your qualifications. I'm afraid  Phyllis somehow got you mixed up in  her fury with me, and actually took  the whole issue to the state board.
MUMFORD	m	I see.
DELBANCO	?	And please, for whatever small way I  may have encouraged this, accept my  apologies. There is good news, though.
MUMFORD	m	What's that?
DELBANCO	?	Phyllis has decided to leave town  and pursue her practice in the city.  Which leaves you the only psychologist  in town.
MUMFORD	m	Dr. Sheeler is leaving Mumford? I'm  sorry to hear that.
DELBANCO	?	As you can imagine, my own feelings  about this are mixed... Unlike, I  must say, those of my wife.
FOLLETT	?	Old Man Sutter's young bride had got  me in hot water all right, and now I  was bein' dealt the beating of my  life. If there'd just been two of  those bastards it would have been a  little closer...
FOLLETT	?	The Landlady was good at quite a few  things, but doctoring wasn't one of  them...
FOLLETT	?	...Lucky for me, one of the other  boarders, the broad who lived  downstairs in the front room...
FOLLETT	?	...was a nurse...
FOLLETT	?	...and she had ways to make you feel  better they didn't teach in nursing  school.
MUMFORD	m	I'm very happy for you, Henry.
MUMFORD	m	I feel like we're making real progress  here.
FOLLETT	?	Me too, Doc. And I can't tell you  what that package meant to me --
SOFIE	f	I need to talk to you... Doctor. Can  I come in?
MUMFORD	m	Of course.
SOFIE	f	We haven't met in this office since  that first time. This is how a real  professional and his client are  supposed to see each other.
SOFIE	f	It might've been more appropriate if  we had followed a traditional approach  to the doctor-patient relationship.
MUMFORD	m	Is something wrong, Sofie?
SOFIE	f	Yes, something's very wrong, Dr.  Mumford.
MUMFORD	m	You're upset.
SOFIE	f	How intuitive! That must take years  of training right there. Maybe you  can guess what has upset me.
MUMFORD	m	Is it something you've heard about  me?
SOFIE	f	No, it is not something I've heard  about you! It is someth-- Why? Is there something I should  have heard about you?
MUMFORD	m	Why don't you tell me what's on your  mind?
SOFIE	f	May I?
SOFIE	f	All right... I'm going to come right  out and say this, because that's  what your shrink is for, right, so  you can tell him what's bothering  you?
MUMFORD	m	Um-huh.
SOFIE	f	First of all, I have been feeling  much better lately. I don't know if  the syndrome is over -- if it's just  run its course or something -- but I  feel a hundred per cent better than  when I first came to you.
MUMFORD	m	I'm glad.
SOFIE	f	Given that, I'm obviously not going  to be judging things in the most  realistic way.
MUMFORD	m	I don't follow you.
SOFIE	f	I'm saying that since I'm doing so  much better -- which I attribute to  you -- I'm liable to misinterpret  some of my feelings.
MUMFORD	m	Okay...
SOFIE	f	The point is this -- I am not a blank  page. I did not just fall off the  turnip truck. Do you know what I  mean?
MUMFORD	m	I think so.
SOFIE	f	I know a little about psychology. I  took three different courses in  college. It's true, none of them  were above the two hundred level,  but I took them... And there was one  concept I remember very well.
MUMFORD	m	What was that?
SOFIE	f	Transference!
MUMFORD	m	Transference.
SOFIE	f	Yes, and that is what I have got  right now. I have taken my feelings  of gratitude... and relief... and  transferred them onto... you. I have  taken all those warm, grateful  emotions and confused them with  feelings for you... So that now I am  under the delusion... ...that I am in love with you.
SOFIE	f	Hello?
MUMFORD	m	Hello.
SOFIE	f	I think you can understand why I  have some serious questions about  your methods. I mean, obviously it  becomes much more likely that I'm  going to have confusion about this  when your idea of treatment is to go  walking in the woods and up to make- outs-ville and do all these highly  romantic activities --
SOFIE	f	-- We had a paper route together,  for godssake! Do you understand how  I might be a little resentful? Knowing  that this so-called "love" I'm feeling  is totally bogus, and just a pathetic  case of... transference?
MUMFORD	m	Yes.
SOFIE	f	Maybe you ought to think about how  you're going to fix this. And when  you do... ...please get back to me.
MUMFORD	m	Hey, Ainge.
LILY	f	Doc...
MUMFORD	m	Lily.
LILY	f	Doc.
LILY	f	I don't want you to be mad at Skip...
MUMFORD	m	He told you.
LILY	f	Skip and I wouldn't have got together  if it weren't for you. That's a big  deal.
MUMFORD	m	You would have met in some shower  eventually...
LILY	f	I want to give you something. Will  you let me?
MUMFORD	m	Thanks, Lily, I don't need anything.
LILY	f	Yes, you do, you damn well do.
MUMFORD	m	Okay.
LILY	f	Here it is, some advice -- do the  hard thing.
MUMFORD	m	That's it? That's what you're giving  me?
LILY	f	Clean up the mess. No matter what it  takes.
MUMFORD	m	What it might take is... doing time.
LILY	f	Too bad. That's tough, I mean it.  I'm not unsympathetic. But Skip says  you're in love.
LILY	f	Then it's worth it.
MUMFORD	m	I'll tell her tonight.
ROBERT STACK	m	...A drug rehabilitation center in  the lonely southwestern desert...  run by reclusive monks... becomes  the point of departure in a mysterious  vanishing...
ROBERT STACK	m	...as an intrepid government  investigator disappears -- without a  trace.
ROBERT STACK	m	...despite brilliant promise as a  fearless investigator... found himself  on a downward spiral of drug abuse  and dissolution...
MUMFORD'S SISTER	f	...we didn't talk much after our  folks died, but I know he felt his  life had taken a wrong turn...
ROBERT STACK	m	His former undercover partner at the  IRS... is now a trooper with the  Pennsylvania State Police...
GREGORY	m	The guy was obsessed... didn't always  know where to draw the line... but I  would have trusted him with my wife --  er, my life -- -- What'd I say? Both, actually... ...I can't say I was surprised,  though, when he disappeared.
ROBERT STACK	m	Who was this enigma... a courageous  public servant or a debauched  addict?... Either way, his last known  stop was here... isolated in the  Arizona desert... taken in by an  order of devoted monks...
BROTHER TIMOTHY	m	We don't talk about the people who've  been our guests... but I can tell  you this about our order -- we believe  everybody has the right to start  over... everybody deserves a second  chance.
ROBERT STACK	m	And perhaps... that is exactly the  chance the now-sober pilgrim took...  on a blustery November day... walking  away from the rehab center... never  to be heard from again...
MUMFORD'S SISTER	f	I'd like to know if he's alive. If  he is, I just hope he's happy and  his new life is... ...well, I hope he's found what he  was looking for...
ROBERT STACK	m	If you have any information about  this man or know anything about his  whereabouts, contact the Sheriff's  Department in Cochise County, Arizona,  or call this number...
MRS. COOK	f	Well, look who's here...
MUMFORD	m	Good evening, Mrs. Cook.
MRS. COOK	f	Just who is here, can you tell me?
MUMFORD	m	Could I see Sofie, please?
MRS. COOK	f	No, you can not. I wouldn't know who  to say is calling.
SOFIE	f	Mother...
MRS. COOK	f	I could see right through you from  the start, you imposter. I know what  you're after. I knew it then and I  know it now!
SOFIE	f	Mother...
MUMFORD	m	What do you think I'm after, Mrs.  Cook?
MRS. COOK	f	Sofie. It's so obvious... you're  after my daughter.
MUMFORD	m	Well, I gotta say, Mrs. Cook, you're  right about that.
MRS. COOK	f	It'll never happen! You're in big  trouble, mister.
SOFIE	f	Mother... go away!
MUMFORD	m	I guess you saw the show...?
SOFIE	f	Which show was that?
MUMFORD	m	Sofie...
SOFIE	f	Part of it. We were watching "ER"  until someone called.
MUMFORD	m	You probably got the idea.
SOFIE	f	Do you know what a betrayal this  is?...
SOFIE	f	...How violated I feel?
MUMFORD	m	You're not the only one...
SOFIE	f	You feel violated?
MUMFORD	m	Not me... all my other my patients.  I smelled tar and feathers on the  way over here.
SOFIE	f	You deserve it.
SOFIE	f	I should be irate.
SOFIE	f	I am irate!
MUMFORD	m	But...
SOFIE	f	But nothing... I'm mad as hell. This  is a terrible thing you've done.
MUMFORD	m	I know it! Please believe me, I know  that...
MUMFORD	m	But, there is one... mitigating factor  I want you to consider before you  write me off.
SOFIE	f	What?
MUMFORD	m	Will you think about it?
SOFIE	f	I don't know. Depends. I'm in a bad  mood.
MUMFORD	m	I love you. More than I've ever loved  anyone or anything in my life.
SOFIE	f	Oh.
MUMFORD	m	I want to spend the rest of my life  with you... but I'm not sure you  feel the same way.
SOFIE	f	I sort of do...
SOFIE	f	...but first, you have to tell me  something...
MUMFORD	m	Anything... just ask.
SOFIE	f	What is your name?
JUDGE OTTO	m	The defendant will rise.
JUDGE OTTO	m	Sit down, Lionel.
JUDGE OTTO	m	Clarence Norman White, do you  understand how serious are the crimes  with which you have been charged?
MUMFORD	m	I do.
JUDGE OTTO	m	Do you realize how insidious it is  to invade the most private thoughts  and secret lives of unsuspecting  people?...
JUDGE OTTO	m	...People who have come to you with  the faith that you know what you're  doing... and that you are who you  say you are?
MUMFORD	m	Yes, your honor.
JUDGE OTTO	m	It means absolutely nothing to me  that so many of your patients have  come forward with praise for you and  your therapeutic skills. You  understand that?
MUMFORD	m	Yes.
JUDGE OTTO	m	Mr. White, I am frustrated that the  criminal code in this state allows a  maximum sentence of only six months  and a maximum fine of only $2000.
MUMFORD	m	I'm sorry, your honor.
JUDGE OTTO	m	What?
MUMFORD	m	I'm sorry you're frustrated.
JUDGE OTTO	m	Are you disrespecting this court,  Mr. White?
MUMFORD	m	No, sir. I was empathizing. Sorry.
JUDGE OTTO	m	Maybe you can empathize with this --  Maximum fine. Three months in jail,  three months house arrest. Sentence  to begin immediately at the Orchard  Valley Correctional Facility. Case  closed. This court is adjourned.
LIONEL	m	It's a country club. Don't worry  about it.
MUMFORD	m	Thanks for your help, Lionel.
LIONEL	m	I'll have him out in half the time.
SOFIE	f	You got off easy.
MUMFORD	m	Will you wait for me?
SOFIE	f	We're only talking about six weeks.
MUMFORD	m	Will you be here?
SOFIE	f	Of course... I haven't got the energy  to get out of town that fast.
CORRECTIONAL OFFICER	m	Better make yourself comfortable. We  got a three hour drive here.
MUMFORD	m	I'm fine.
CORRECTIONAL OFFICER	m	You're the shrink, aren't you?
MUMFORD	m	No, not really.
CORRECTIONAL OFFICER	m	But you do therapy?
MUMFORD	m	Not any more.
CORRECTIONAL OFFICER	m	I'll tell you, Doc, the wife and I,  we got a little bit of a problem.  Would you mind if I just ran it by  you?
MUMFORD	m	Go ahead.

