SUZIE 	f	Remember, especially you men, that working together now will already have formed a bond before the child arrives. The woman is very sensitive. 
VOICE 	m	Tell me about it. 
GIDEON 	m	Spoiling the little foxes that spoil my vines. 
GIDEON 	m	My mind plays tricks on me. Is it okay if I take a bath now? 
SUZIE 	f	Everyone is gone. Rhonda is in the bathroom. 
GIDEON 	m	I was looking through my trunk and I can't find my toby. 
RHONDA 	f	What's that? 
GIDEON 	m	It is a charm that my great grandmother made me. 
SUZIE 	f	It will show up. 
RHONDA 	f	If my daddy calls, tell him I walked home. 
SUZIE 	f	You be careful and thank you for looking after Sunny. 
GIDEON 	m	Babe Brother and his wife are taking advantage of a situation. I hate to be mean to people but picking Sunny up when they feel like it has to come to an end. Now I'm going to ask him how come he couldn't be at your birthday. 
SUZIE 	f	Don't bother the poor boy. It just takes some people a little longer to figure out who they are. 
GIDEON 	m	I don't know how two brothers can be so different. 
KIDS 	m	Shut up! Go help your mama wash dishes! 
DAVIS 	m	We have a complaint from one of your neighbors about a rooster crowing in the mornings. 
SUZIE 	f	The police are here to talk to you about the chickens. 
GIDEON 	m	What can I do for you, Officer? 
DAVIS 	m	You know it is against the city ordinance to keep chickens or live stock. 
GIDEON 	m	I always had chickens, ducks and whatnots. 
DAVIS 	m	Not anymore, not in the city. 
GIDEON 	m	We grow most of our own food. The money I get from social security, my pension and my wife's work, keeps us living on the edge. What choice do people like us have. 
DAVIS 	m	Well, you just have to move further out. 
GIDEON 	m	Now how far would further out be? 
DAVIS 	m	I'm not here to argue, sir. 
SCOTT 	m	You guys don't make anything illegal, do you? 
GIDEON 	m	Like what may I ask? 
SCOTT 	m	You might have a distillery pumping out barrels of moonshine. 
DAVIS 	m	Look, just get rid of the chickens and you all have a nice day. 
GIDEON 	m	I'll be damned if I get rid of my chickens. I ought to get some hogs and put them out there. 
SUZIE 	f	Who is it? 
BABE BROTHER 	m	Babe Brother. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	I was hoping you came to the door instead of him. It gets cold at night. 
SUZIE 	f	This doesn't make any sense; you are going to drag that poor boy out in the cold air. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	He will be alright. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	Thanks for taking care of him. I will try not to be so long next time. 
GIDEON 	m	What time is it? Do you think you can just treat us like your slave? It's after one. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	I tried to call to let you know I was going to be late. 
GIDEON 	m	That's a lie. 
SUZIE 	f	Let us settle this tomorrow. 
GIDEON 	m	Look! Don't try to get ahead by riding our backs. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	(shouts) I pay my own way. 
GIDEON 	m	Since when? 
SUZIE 	f	Take Sunny home, please. 
GIDEON 	m	Your feet are cold. 
SUZIE 	f	Go back to sleep. 
GIDEON 	m	I asked you to wake me when Babe Brother comes. 
SUZIE 	f	You all act like two roosters. 
GIDEON 	m	I'm not going to let him get away with murder. 
SUZIE 	f	You and Babe Brother are so much alike... 
GIDEON 	m	He ain't nothing like me. How come a man has to have sons that are day and night apart? You ought to stop protecting him. 
SUZIE 	f	Hush. 
GIDEON 	m	You're always taking his side. 
SUZIE 	f	Hush. 
GIDEON 	m	I'm trying to make him a man but you keep babying him. 
SUZIE 	f	You're going to find yourself on the floor. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	I want you to be the richest man in the world so I can be the richest father in the world. 
SUNNY 	m	I don't want to be rich. I want to work on the railroad like grandfather. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	Son, if you are going to have a family, you can't always choose a job just because you like it.  (beat) I don't want you to shine anybody's shoes or be a porter. You let somebody else carry your bags. 
LINDA 	f	NO. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	He wouldn't want any if you didn't try to keep it away from him. 
LINDA 	f	Because you were spoiled, don't try to spoil Sunny. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	My daddy never gave me anything without my having to sweat for it. Every summer, the way they kept me and Junior out of trouble was to send us to Big Daddy's farm. We would get up with the chickens. Every summer the fence had to be repaired. The barn needed a coat of paint. We had to pip all of Big Mama's hundred laying hens and go to church all day on Sunday. For Big Daddy, calluses and sweat were the mark of a man. Sunny will never have to bust his knuckles like we did. 
LINDA 	f	I want Sunny to have an advantage that you and I never had, but he needs discipline, and you are not helping when I tell him to do something and you allow him to get out of it. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	What is a sip of coffee going to do? 
LINDA 	f	Coffee is bad for anybody, especially for a child. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	I don't see you crying about my drinking it. 
LINDA 	f	How old are you? 
GIDEON 	m	Instead of standing here doing nothing, I better give those chickens some scratch before they start cackling. 
SUZIE 	f	How are you? 
OLD JOHN 	m	Tolerably well. I brought you some more rabbit manure for your roses. 
SUZIE 	f	It is so considerate of you. 
GIDEON 	m	Well, well, look who is taking up all the sunshine. Brother John, how are you doing? 
OLD JOHN 	m	I'm still here. 
GIDEON 	m	Tell me something. How do you get energy to stay on the move all day? 
OLD JOHN 	m	You couldn't sit on your rump under my daddy's roof. No sir. If you couldn't outwork his mule, you wasn't worth the salt you put in greens. You had to wake up looking for something to do. I was raised as a mule and now I'm a rolling stone. 
OLD JOHN	m	I didn't mean for you to pay me for that. 
SUZIE 	f	I know you didn't but you have been so thoughtful. 
OLD JOHN 	m	But when your sunflowers come up, I'll pay you for them. 
SUZIE 	f	I planted a row just for you and you don't owe me anything. 
MOTHER	f	It hurts. 
SUZIE	f	Don't push too fast! Breathe! The hard part is over. You can see the top of the head. 
MOTHER	f	It hurts. The pain.  (scream) It's tearing me. 
SUZIE	f	Father, give her a hand. 
FATHER	m	Hey, this is too much. 
SUZIE	f	You do your part. 
MOTHER	f	Can you tell what it is? 
SUZIE	f	Almost there. 
FATHER	m	It's a junior. 
MOTHER 	f	Ah, I wanted a girl. 
JUNIOR 	m	When are you going to find time to help me fix the roof? 
BABE BROTHER 	m	You all don't believe me when I tell you I'm afraid of heights. 
JUNIOR 	m	You used that excuse to get out of the army. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	You always got something to say. 
GIDEON 	m	Your mother asked me not to mention it but your mother's birthday was last week. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	I hadn't forgotten. I ordered some cloth but it didn't come in and I felt so bad if I would have come to her birthday without that, I just stayed at home. 
GIDEON 	m	What did your wife get her? 
BABE BROTHER 	m	We got the same thing. 
GIDEON 	m	Boy, go tell your wife to come in. 
BABE BROTHER	m	Why don't you come in for a while? 
LINDA 	f	I would like to finish reading this. What would I talk about? I haven't read this month's almanac. I don't care to hear about how the corn was this fall or how to get rid of gophers by putting garlic in their holes. They pride themselves in making life hard and that's not my cup of tea. 
SUZIE 	f	You know, Babe Brother's wife just dumps greens in the pot without washing them. 
GIDEON 	m	Babe Brother is a poor boy. 
JUNIOR 	m	You all should have been hard on him like you were me and he wouldn't be the way he is. 
SUZIE 	f	Everybody got the same. I breast fed him like I breast fed you. 
PAT 	m	Junior, you are wrong. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	Just for a minute. 
SKIP 	m	I didn't mean to hit your car. I was throwing at my birds. 
GIDEON 	m	I need about five pounds of laying mash and you better give me about the same of scratch. 
GIDEON	m	When are you going to have a sale on weed killer? 
CASHIER 	m	You missed it. We had a two-day sale last week. 
GIDEON 	m	What kind of a sale is a two-day sale? I thought sales last a week or two. 
CASHIER 	m	Every day we have something different. Today's sale is hay. 25% off. If you have a horse or cow, you're in business. 
GIDEON 	m	All of the preachers were down in the basement of the church confessing their sins to one another. They were way down in the basement 'cause they figured no one would hear them. One of the preachers said, it makes me feel too shame to tell how bad I have been. You know them young gals that sit up in the first row. I can look at them and forget my text. I'm just lost when it comes to women, even them middle age sisters. Then another preacher said, I don't think I can tell you what my sin is 'cause it's bad. Another preacher said, Brother, we all amongst friends. Tell us what's troubling your soul. Clear your conscience. 
GIDEON	m	So the preacher said, we all got a bond 'cause we confessed to one another. So let me tell you, my sin is corn liquor. I just acts a fool behind that spirit water. I loves it more than preaching. Now ain't that a sin, lord. So all the preachers went on confessing, each one worst than the last. Finally they came to the last preacher who had been very quiet and listening to every word that fell. One of the preachers said to him, it's your turn. Confessing will lift you burden, Brother. Bare us your soul. We did. The last preacher said, no, my sin is the worst among all of you. One of the preachers said, ah go on man and stop all this suspense. So the last preacher said, like I told you my sin is the lowest.  (beat) My sin is gossiping and I can't wait to get out and tell what I heard. 
SUZIE 	f	You oughtn't tell him stories like that. 
SUNNY 	m	Tell me another story. 
GIDEON 	m	I'll you a story about the terrapin and the rabbit. No, you tell me a story. Come on. 
SUNNY 	m	Once upon a time, my mommy and daddy lived in this big house that I bought for them. I got them this big car. 
SUZIE 	f	You stay back. You might cut your fingers. 
GIDEON 	m	I looked everywhere for my toby. 
SUZIE 	f	Harry, I can't believe it is you. Gideon, look who is here. 
GIDEON 	m	Harry, good God Almighty, man! It's been, what, thirty years or more. Suzie, we haven't seen Harry since we left home. 
GIDEON	m	This is my grandson, Sunny. He is my youngest son's child. 
HARRY 	m	He kind of favors one of my boys when he was about his age. 
HARRY	m	Boy, that is bad luck to touch a fellow with a broom. 
GIDEON 	m	He knows better. Sunny, apologize to Harry. 
SUNNY 	m	I'm sorry. 
GIDEON 	m	What are you doing in these parts? 
HARRY	m	I came all the way from Detroit by bus going to Oakland. The bus stopped in Los Angeles. I had to get off and take a rest. I'll catch the last bus leaving at midnight. I'm just too tired to go on. 
GIDEON 	m	Why didn't you catch a plane? 
HARRY 	m	My feet have never been on anything that wasn't directly attached to the ground. 
GIDEON 	m	Stay until you feel better? I would like to hear all the news. 
HARRY 	m	I'm worn out but won't you feel like you are taking in a stranger? 
SUZIE 	f	Stranger my foot, it was my grandmother who helped you into this world. 
HARRY 	m	Well, I don't want to put you out. 
GIDEON 	m	Man, put your boxes down and stay as long as you like. We have empty rooms since the boys got their own families and moved out. 
HARRY 	m	Well if you're sure, I won't be a bother. Oh, I don't sleep on no spring mattress. I always make myself a pallet on the floor. 
SUZIE 	f	Poor old Harry, he really must have been worn out. He has been asleep all day. 
HARRY	m	Good evening. It must be all the different time zones I crossed that makes me feel this weary. 
SUZIE 	f	You should go back and rest. 
HARRY 	m	No, if I rest any longer, I won't sleep tonight. May I use your bathroom to wash up a bit? 
GIDEON 	m	Man, act like this is your home. 
HARRY 	m	That's awful generous of you. I always ask to keep from wearing out welcome. 
SUZIE 	f	One can tell you are from back home. These people nowadays don't know what manners are. 
HARRY 	m	Where we come from, you had to know how to act right. You had to know how to say yes sir and no sir. You had to know your place. 
GIDEON 	m	You had to tread softly. 
SUZIE 	f	Those days you could always find something redeeming about even the worst person. 
HARRY 	m	You remember that boy who lost his mind, Joe? You could hear him pitching horseshoes at night in the dark. He wouldn't miss a one. Make him mad and call yourself running in the house to be safe. He would pick up a brick and say "go on in there brick and hit somebody" and it would find its mark. 
SUZIE 	f	I was afraid to go to Marcus Bottom because of him. 
HARRY 	m	All those places that us coloreds lived, that we used to call Bottoms, have all been changed to Drives and Heights. Everything is in what you call it, not in what it is. 
GIDEON 	m	Harry, I would like for you to meet my oldest son, his wife and daughter. 
JUNIOR 	m	Pleased to meet you. So you're from back home, too. 
PAT 	m	This boy must be turning over. Oh, he just kicked me again. 
GIDEON 	m	It's the boy next door throwing at his birds. I'm just waiting on him to hit a pane in the window 
HARRY 	m	I'm going to wash up now. You all please excuse me. 
HARRY 	m	Good morning. 
GIDEON 	m	You ought to come hear our preacher. Remember old Cat Iron? Well, our preacher is just as strong. 
HARRY 	m	Next time when I feel a little better perhaps. 
GIDEON 	m	I was going to get up and get a hen out there for dinner, but time got away. 
HARRY 	m	Oh, I would feel much at home if you let me get one for you. I haven't wrung a chicken's neck in a month of Sundays. You know, folks would call my daddy to kill their hogs. That used to be my trade from time to time. 
GIDEON 	m	Well, I would appreciate that. 
LINDA 	f	You don't act like the rest of Gideon's friends. They believe if you are not hard at work, you are hard at sin. 
HARRY 	m	Oh, I'm more modern in my ways. I don't believe in sin, though there is good and evil.  (beat) And evil is a thing you work at. 
HARRY	m	Not you mustn't touch. Your mama might not like you handling knives. 
LINDA 	f	I think he wants to see your rabbit foot. 
HARRY 	m	I let this rabbit foot do in place of my toby that I lost years ago. 
LINDA 	f	What's a toby? 
HARRY 	m	You don't want to be at crossroads without one. It's a charm that old people teach you how to make. I had one for a long time that belonged to my grandmother who had it ever since she was a child.  (beat) In my travels I misplaced it. I have been looking over my shoulder ever since. 
LINDA 	f	I thought you weren't old fashioned. 
HARRY 	m	In some things. When we were children, there used to be an old man that came around and would snatch your soul if you didn't have something on you that didn't make a 
HARRY 	m	Did you have your child at home? 
LINDA 	f	No. No. No. No. I had my Child at Cedars and Sinai. And that ain't no county hospital. You have to have cash or check before you come in the door. 
HARRY 	m	Some folks take that natural stuff too far. 
LINDA 	f	Junior's wife kept her afterbirth' in the refrigerator. That's why I do not eat over there now. 
HARRY 	m	Country people got so many strange ways, 
BABE BROTHER 	m	Did you ever have to use this thing? 
HARRY 	m	That is called a crab apple switch. It's for those bad acting monkeys and just the thing for a mean dog. Now I don't know if I actually did what I did or got my life and story mixed in with other folk's stories but I seem to recall that I had to use my crab apple on a boy from back home. I was up in Memphis working on the railroad, like your daddy who had an easy job. He would sing a song that had a cadence and we would lay track. Anyway I was coming down Beale Street and I heard this music coming from a saloon. Sure enough it was Emory. My daddy taught both of us to play but Emory was natural at it. Got in a blues band and what not. He and another boy had killed a boy named Hocker sometime back and they balled the Jack leaving town. Emory had lost one eye and had a scar running down his face. Bad luck I would say. He got to drinking that corn liquor. We went to his girl's room and he wouldn't stop drinking. He started talking about the old days and he went mad. He pulled his knife and I got to mine first. The lights went out. 
BABE BROTHER	m	Don't pick up the cards if you are not in the game. Did he die? 
HARRY 	m	I don't know what happened to him. He just ran out into the streets.  (beat) I got some old records I want you to hear. I like the blues sung simply, man and a guitar. Or sung by a woman who had bad luck all her life. Don't ever let anyone tell you his life's story if it is of a weary life full of sadness. When I was a boy, a man told me a story of how he lost all of his sons and I'll be damned if the same thing didn't happen to me. 
LINDA 	f	How was church? 
HARRY 	m	How often is your wife called to help delivery? 
GIDEON 	m	It was slow. Now it seems like everyone is having births at home. 
GIDEON	m	What could have caused this? I just changed this damn thing. 
HARRY 	m	Everything these days is made overseas. 
GIDEON 	m	You and Babe Brother hit it off so well. 
HARRY 	m	Course, it is your business, but I feel obliged to tell you that maybe you have not been fair with the boy. 
GIDEON 	m	I tried to teach him right from wrong just like I did his Junior. 
HARRY 	m	Everyone has to follow his own plough. A man doesn't have to know how to cut a wick and clean a chimney nowadays. City people don't give a hoot and a holler about the shape of the moon nowadays. You don't plant old ways... (beat) ... but, at the end, you find yourself doing what your father did but you have to have the land in you. (beat) It's when you want to give the house or farm to the kids and they don't want it. You sell it to a stranger. You worked your whole life, for what? (beat) I doubt if people nowadays have knowledge of a victory garden or seen an inch worm. All what we've experienced has no meaning. 
GIDEON 	m	You're suppose to teach your children what you know. Junior, I don't have to worry about. Babe Brother is a different story. 
HARRY 	m	You still call him boy. You call Babe Brother boy in front of his wife and son. 
GIDEON 	m	My daddy called me boy up to the time he died. I was always boy to him. 
HARRY 	m	'Course, you could be right. Your sons are alive. All my sons are dead. 
LINDA 	f	It has three bedrooms, one and a half baths. Well, yes, that means two toilets and one bath. Well... Yes, by appointment... Call me back if you decide. 
LINDA 	f	You would think people never lived in a house if they have to ask what does 1 1/2 baths mean. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	Will you still get the money from your father? 
LINDA 	f	I told him we might not need it, if you can talk your parents into giving you your share of the property. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	Pops put Big Daddy's farm in Rhonda's and Sunny's name and fixed it so no one can borrow on it. 
LINDA 	f	We could borrow on that land and put the money to work. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	I preached to Mom and Dad about it but they are stuck in their ways, it's like talking to a brick. But if there is a way... 
JUNIOR 	m	You want me to mortgage my house to invest in a scheme of yours? You know the last time we went into something together Daddy had to go in his savings to keep us from ending on the street. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	Why are you always afraid to get somewhere? 
JUNIOR 	m	This is not a good time to take chances. Your best friend, Robert, an accountant, lost his home and is out on the street. We see him from time to time. He comes down to church for a free meal. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	This is what it is all about, trying to keep from being out on the street. 
JUNIOR 	m	Robert asks about you. When are you going to do something to help him? 
BABE BROTHER 	m	Maybe I can get down there next week. 
JUNIOR 	m	Babe Brother always acts like a gambler who is in the biggest game of his life and don't know about playing cards. 
HARRY 	m	I can sit here and look at train tracks all day. We laid enough of them, didn't we? So many memories are stretched along tracks like these. 
GIDEON 	m	In weather like this, you cannot walk around bare-headed. 
HARRY 	m	We'll go a little farther. The walk will do us some good. 
PAT 	m	Did you do your homework? 
RHONDA 	f	Yes. (beat) Mama? 
PAT 	m	What? 
RHONDA 	f	Can I name the baby? 
SUZIE 	f	I have someone I want you to meet. 
HARRY 	m	I'll be right there. 
HATTIE 	f	I couldn't believe it when Suzie called and said you were staying here. How have you been? 
HARRY 	m	Girl, do you still sing and dance? 
HATTIE 	f	No, I'm a different person now, Harry. 
GIDEON 	m	Haven't the years been good to Hattie? 
HARRY 	m	It hasn't been the years; it's been the men in her life. 
HATTIE 	f	Harry, that's not nice. I'm in church now. 
HARRY 	m	Why run out and close the barn door when the horse is gone? I remember when you weren't saved. That was way back yonder when the Natchez Trace was just a dirt road. 
HATTIE 	f	Some people grow up and change their ways. 
HARRY 	m	I know your mother ain't still operating that house of hers. 
HATTIE 	f	My mother passed on years ago. 
HATTIE 	f	M.C., you still ain't house broken. 
GIDEON 	m	Good God Almighty, if it ain't like a parade of people from out of the past. M.C., where did you come from? 
M.C.	?	I live here. 
M.C.	?	That's old Herman. 
HATTIE	f	Harry, what did you do, rob the graveyard? 
M.C. 	?	Hattie, do you still dance? 
HATTIE	f	I'm in church. 
M.C.	?	What does that got to do with it? 
HATTIE	f	Suzie, you still have Joe's number? 
SUZIE	f	I will have to look for it. 
M.C.	?	Who's Joe? 
HATTIE	f	None of your business. 
HARRY	m	That is a boy from home, Lulla's brother. 
SUZIE 	f	Harry, you know everything. 
HARRY 	m	You got to know everything, do everything, and be everything. 
HERMAN 	m	M.C., I'm worn out. You ready to go? 
M.C. 	?	If you are tired, go sit in the car. 
HERMAN 	m	Suzie, do you have any Swamp Root? 
SUZIE 	f	No, but I might have some Indian Chief Tonic. 
HATTIE 	f	I haven't heard anyone mention Swamp Root since button-up shoes went out. 
HARRY 	m	You can certainly tell how old you are, my dear. 
HATTIE 	f	You know the saying, "your heart is in your left hand." 
HARRY 	m	Now I was trying to be nice, to make conversation, since we go back some. 
HATTIE	f	I was quoting from the Bible. If the shoe fits, wear it. 
HARRY 	m	"Out of weariness, I spoke to my own heart; to leave it all and to die. And I gave my heart to know madness and folly." 
M.C. 	?	You ain't going to win playing the dozens with Harry. 
HERMAN 	m	You all ought to get along. 
HATTIE 	f	Harry, you know you remind me of so much that went wrong in my life. When I heard you were here, I made a special effort to come and see you. I see you are still a pile of wet chicken feathers. 
HERMAN 	m	Oh Lord. 
HARRY 	m	My sister, women can get away with so much. I don't have any enemies 'cause I don't live in the past. As Pushkin, you don't know him, said, "In the hope of glory and good, I look without fear ahead." 
M.C. 	?	Harry has got your number. 
HATTIE 	f	An empty wagon makes a lot of noise and you, tappy head, you ain't worth the salt you put in greens. 
HARRY 	m	Speaking of tappy heads, we ought to have an old fashion fish fry. 
HERMAN 	m	I don't have too many fish fries left. 
HARRY 	m	We can have it here next week. 
HATTIE 	f	Is this your house? 
HARRY 	m	Oh. I'm sorry. Gideon, what do you say? 
GIDEON 	m	Well, it's up to Suzie. 
SUZIE 	f	It would be nice. 
HATTIE 	f	In the meantime Harry can slaughter us a hog. 
HARRY 	m	I already have, my dear. 
HERMAN 	m	Please, M.C., take me home. 
WILSON 	m	No one in my family ever been to a hospital to give birth. My sister has four children and all were born at home. My mother and her mother, it just goes on and on. 
HARRY 	m	A woman in family way just reminds of spring and my younger days. 
PAT 	m	That's nice. 
HARRY 	m	Well, you and your husband are special. Ya, Gideon tells me you do volunteer work to help feed the poor. 
HARRY	m	How many people do you all feed? 
PAT 	m	Last Saturday we handed out over two hundred meals. 
HARRY 	m	Good God Almighty, bless your bones. (pause) But the problem grows. 
PAT 	m	Week by week the crowds at the door keeps getting larger. We can't feed all the hungry. 
HARRY 	m	Of course not. Have you ever heard of a man jumping in the river to save five hundred drowning people? No you ain't. (pause) You have to take just one and fatten him up. When you spread help too thin, you , you just nickel and dime the situation. If you try to save all, all die but if you save one life, life goes on. You just have to remember, medicine that works leaves a bitter taste. 
HARRY	m	You just take one; you thaw out the cold and hunger in his bones from sleeping on the bare ground. 
PAT	m	I don't know if we could take one in with Rhonda and me at home alone at times. 
HARRY	m	Oh, I wasn't pointing my finger at you. Hey, you have to think of yourself. A lot of them have all kinds of diseases and will cut your throat while you sleep. There are too many bad people out there. 
JUNIOR	m	I appreciate you lending me a hand. That lazy ass brother of mine was suppose to help me. 
HARRY	m	Well some folks are still waiting for their comeuppance. Don't take me wrong but you can't judge people by how you act. You're a caring person. 
JUNIOR 	m	He should be caring. That is not too much to ask. 
HARRY 	m	Ya, but you can't do the shuffle with one leg. You and your wife, in your spare time, work with the less fortunate. Now I'm not talking about you and what you do but some folks that always run to help the victim, deep down are attracted to pain and suffering and love to be near the dying. 
JUNIOR 	m	All the people working with us are really doing it 'cause they hate to see suffering. 
HARRY 	m	You never know what's in the heart and just because you can cry doesn't make you human. 
JUNIOR 	m	We can't really bring another family in here with us. 
PAT	m	Why not? Harry says that's the only way to do good. 
JUNIOR 	m	When did you talk to Harry? 
PAT 	m	Don't shout! 
GIDEON 	m	I think we have enough. So now tell me a story. 
GIDEON 	m	Be careful of the water. 
SUZIE 	f	Are you feeling well? 
LINDA 	f	I've never been so tired in my life. Where is Sunny? 
SUZIE 	f	He is getting his things together. Babe Brother, you ought to take your wife home so she can get some rest. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	In a minute. 
HARRY 	m	Take your wife and child home, boy. 
HARRY	m	I got a surprise for you tonight. 
HARRY	m	This old buffalo has been in the sun too long. 
SUZIE 	f	Fred Jenkins. 
JENKINS 	m	Suzie, you haven't changed and you, Gideon, if you don't look like John Henry. Oh, this is my wife, Esme. My first wife Lulie died. 
BABE BROTHER	m	What is that? 
HARRY	m	Boy, that is the real South. That is real corn liquor. 
FLIM	m	What is in the bottle? 
M.C.	?	It ain't Geritol. 
HERMAN	m	There is a fight in every bottle. 
GIDEON	m	You tappy heads better not tear down my house. 
HATTIE 	f	Look, you better get out of my face before I slap the living daylights out of you. 
HARRY 	m	You folks excuse me but you know we have a celebrity from out of the past, our own nightingale. If you had any good times in your life, you remember Hattie. She use to keep those juke joints steaming. If Ma Rainey and Bessie Smith were the stars, she was the sun. Let's get Hattie to sing something from the old days. 
HATTIE 	f	Harry always tries to be the king fish. I told him I'm a new person. I'm saved. 
MARSH 	m	Harry, you will not remember me but we go back quite a ways. I'm glad Hattie told me that you will be here 'cause there is a matter that has been troubling me all these years that maybe you can help me clear it up. 
HARRY 	m	Man, I can't talk to you now. I'm filling in the gaps with these folks. 
YOUNGER WOMAN 	f	How do you manage to keep in step and move around so like one of them young boys? 
OLDER MAN 	m	Get yourself a pace-maker like me. 
PAT 	m	These old folks can dance better than I can. Get rid of that long face. Get one of these old farts to show you how to do the Black Bottom. 
OKRA 	m	Don't be so stand-offish. 
HARRY 	m	Son, you haven't danced with your wife all night. 
MARSH 	m	There is something that I always wanted to know. Tell me, how did those boys die? 
HARRY 	m	Now who are we talking about? 
MARSH 	m	Miss Clara's boy, Emory, to start with. The Johnson's Hocker was another one... 
HARRY 	m	Wasn't Hocker lynched? 
MARSH 	m	You know as well as I do that it was made to look like he was lynched. Now who would hang someone from a persimmon tree? 
HARRY 	m	What difference does it make if it's persimmon, oak tree or huckleberry bush? 
GIDEON 	m	Tell me, how come me and Suzie have to be mother and father to your child? You never take the boy to the park, circus or anything. If we did not take him to church, he wouldn't have any sense of religion. 
LINDA 	f	I think forcing him to go to church when he really doesn't understand is not saving his soul. When he gets old enough to make up his own mind about religion, that will be better. It will be his intellectual decision. 
GIDEON 	m	Is that the way your parents raised you? 
BABE BROTHER 	m	Why, you don't want us to bring him over? 
GIDEON 	m	No, it's that when do you have time to be parents to him? You guys don't pick him up until nine, ten at night. You are into yourselves, as the saying goes. Spend some time trying to be parents. Take him to the mountains, fishing. You ought to let him get to know nature. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	Well, you are his grandfather. He is supposed to spend some time with you. You're supposed to show him those woodsy things and this and that. 
GIDEON 	m	Junior spends time with his child. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	Oh here we go with that. 
WILLIAM 	m	Hurry up and take this picture. 
FRED 	m	If it wasn't for the NRA, colored people would have been the lost tribe. 
FLIM 	m	Remember what they use to call the NRA? Negro Raggedy-ass Army. 
MARSH 	m	Hocker's death almost caused a race riot. A lot of innocent people could have been hurt behind that. 
HARRY 	m	Strange as it may seem, it might have cleared the waters. Sometimes the right action comes from the wrong reason. 
SUZIE 	f	Do you want your coat? It's cold out here. 
GIDEON 	m	No, I'm too hot now. 
SUZIE 	f	You better be careful. You'll get a stroke arguing. 
GIDEON 	m	I wouldn't care if I drop dead if he learn something from it.  (beat) Son, you make me wish I was dead. 
SUZIE 	f	Gideon, don't say things like that. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	Why does he always pick on me? 
LINDA 	f	He is just being like all parents, concerned about the ones they love. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	I don't need that kind of love. And I don't want to be reminded all the time that Big Mama's grandmother was born in slavery. If you really care about me, just tell me how I can make money. 
SUZIE 	f	Babe Brother, I'm going to take my hand and hit you across your mouth. 
LINDA 	f	He doesn't mean what he says. 
GIDEON 	m	Let us go back in before the night of celebration becomes a night of me killing my son. 
SUZIE 	f	No. Before anyone moves, you two shake hands and don't carry it any further. 
HATTIE 	f	Don't make me say something nasty now. 
HARRY 	m	I think if anybody had a hand in killing Hocker, you ought to ask or you should have asked Emory and Chick. 
MARSH 	m	Chick was outright killed by a mob. He killed a white man that owed him some money and when they caught up with him, they tied him behind a car and dragged him from out of the hills back to town. 
HARRY 	m	Those boys never did have good luck. 
MARSH 	m	You damn right they didn't, especially Emory, my cousin. 
HARRY 	m	Emory had made a lot of enemies. He had a big mouth. 
HARRY	m	What's the problem here? 
SUZIE 	f	She has a fish bone caught in her throat. Could all of you go in the other room? Gideon, get some bread and toast it quickly and find me the cod liver oil. 
LINDA 	f	Are you going to work or sleep all day? 
LINDA 	f	Remember, you promised to take Sunny to Magic Mountain today. 
GIDEON 	m	I'm worn out. 
SUZIE 	f	Just stay in bed and rest. 
GIDEON 	m	I have to feed the chickens before they wake everybody up. 
SUZIE 	f	You stay inside. I will see to them. 
GIDEON 	m	I will appreciate that. 
HARRY 	m	How is everybody? 
SUZIE 	f	Tolerable well. 
JUNIOR 	m	How did you sleep last night? 
HARRY 	m	Ah, you young folks don't know how it is. How is Gideon today? 
SUZIE 	f	He wasn't able to get out of bed today. 
HARRY 	m	I hope that it's nothing serious. 
SUZIE 	f	He has never gotten rid of the malaria. He is usually up and at it the next day. I'm going to make him fresh chicken broth. 
HARRY 	m	Let me earn my keep. I'll go out and get a hen and have it picked and ready for the pot. Try to make him some cow tea next time. 
SUZIE 	f	Can you watch Gideon for a while? One of the girls is going into labor. Junior is going to drive me over. 
HARRY 	m	You just run along. I'll fix him his soup. He will be all right. 
SUZIE 	f	Oh my Lord! 
OKRA 	m	You think old Gideon is going to live to see this month out? 
HARRY 	m	When I came upon the valley of bones, the serpent said, "Make this your home. Dry as my soul be, heaven is lost to thee." We all got to make way. 
HARRY	m	A chicken hates to see the preacher coming to dinner. 
OKRA 	m	Herman, you will have to catch the next one 'cause I'm out of breath. 
HERMAN 	m	If I have to chase after one, we won't eat. 
GIDEON 	m	I don't want to stay here.  (beat) Where is Babe Brother? 
HARRY 	m	Never play with someone's else's cards. You always get a new deck. Look at this card. See anything? 
BABE BROTHER	m	It is just a regular card. 
HARRY 	m	Son, I can take everything you got with that deck. It is marked. Now I'm going to show you how to make some money in case you get stuck somewhere. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	Doesn't he look a whole of lot better? 
SUZIE 	f	Well, you look better than you did yesterday. 
GIDEON 	m	Next time, I don't care how sick I'll be, don't take me back to the Veteran's Hospital. 
HARRY 	m	Boy, I thought you were about to cross the river. 
GIDEON 	m	I tell you, I feel like a ghost. 
HARRY 	m	Son, would you do me a favor and see if you could turn off that tap in the bathroom. My hand is too weak. And would you do me another favor? I don't like asking this but would you clean the tub for me? I have trouble bending over. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	Anytime you need someone to do something for you, just let me know. 
HARRY 	m	That smells like fresh coffee. 
SUZIE 	f	Let me get you a cup? 
HARRY 	m	Only if you can spare it. 
HARRY	m	Son, would you get me an old piece of newspaper? 
HARRY	m	Lord if you ain't an angel. 
HARRY	m	I will leave you something in my will. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	What in the hell... 
GIDEON 	m	It's good to be able to hear that. 
SUZIE 	f	You must have been really sick. 
GIDEON 	m	How is the garden doing? 
SUZIE 	f	I need to get out there and get those weeds out. 
GIDEON 	m	How is that hen doing? I was meaning to pip her before I fell sick. 
GIDEON	m	I'm going to lie down. Take my, hand and help me up, lest I fall. 
GIDEON 	m	Oh, I couldn't have last another day in that hospital. You get weary being in the old soldiers home, old soldiers and war stories. They wait to tell you their last story; the next morning the nurse pulls a sheet over their face. 
PAT	m	He just leeches off your parents. He is a master at wearing out welcome.  
JUNIOR	m	Harry is the kind of guy you would love to take out in the woods and leave under a rock.  
PAT	m	Where does her get the power to summon all his old raffish friends? They all smell of moth balls.  
HARRY	m	How old is that boy? 
BABE BROTHER	m	Linda, how come you don't see that Sunny puts his shoes on right? 
LINDA 	f	Why in the h... 
HARRY 	m	Let's give Dry Bones a call to see if he is coming or not. Okra likes to exaggerate, keep you waiting all night. 
LINDA	f	Why don't you wait? 
BABE BROTHER 	m	You okay? 
LINDA 	f	I'm okay. Go back to your friends. 
PREACHER 	m	Sister, we've come to see how you were doing. We came to ask if we could pray over Gideon. 
SUZIE 	f	I put some Plummer Christian Leaves under his feet to draw the fever out. 
PREACHER 	m	What else have you been giving him? 
SUZIE 	f	I crossed his stomach with cold oil and gave him some cow tea. 
PREACHER 	m	Suzie, I would think you would depend on prayer rather than these old fashion remedies. Let us read from the Bible. 
PHOTOGRAPHER 	m	What scene would you like in the background? 
LADY 	f	Something pleasant. 
PHOTOGRAPHER	m	We have plantations. 
PHOTOGRAPHER	m	Natchez, cotton fields, Harlem, sunflowers, the Mississippi River. 
LADY 	f	Put the river behind me. 
SUZIE 	f	I don't know where that music is coming from. 
SUNNY 	m	I want my daddy. 
JUNIOR 	m	Boy, hush that noise and get in this house. Make haste. 
SUNNY 	m	I want my daddy; I told you. 
JUNIOR 	m	Rhonda, drag him in here. If you be nice, I will take you to Disneyland. 
PAT 	m	Now you don't have to say anything if you don't want to. 
JUNIOR 	m	I want to hear what happened. My brother is a jackass and a damn fool. The both of you have been as scarce as hen's teeth. 
PAT 	m	Rhonda, take Sunny in the backyard. Take a bowl so you can pick some strawberries. Sunny will enjoy it. 
PAT 	m	You shouldn't talk about the boy's father in front of him. This is family business and we have to pull together. 
JUNIOR 	m	Whether the boy hears it or not, the man is still a jackass. Everyone should have some mother wit. 
LINDA 	f	Something just took control of him. He stays out all night and comes home with a pocket full of money. 
PAT 	m	It's probably Harry, but I hate to mention his name, because every time we say something about him something bad happens. 
HARRY 	m	Let us walk awhile. I grow weary when I sit still too long. 
HARRY 	m	Give me your arm lest you fall. 
BABE BROTHER	m	I could swear I heard my son call me. 
HARRY 	m	You probably heard the wind stirring up those dead leaves over there. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	I heard his voice as clear as day. I better get back. Maybe something is wrong. 
LINDA 	f	I told Babe Brother that if Harry sets foot in our house again, I'm taking Sunny and leaving. Just as I said that, here come Harry and his old resurrected friends, hobbling up the steps. 
JUNIOR 	m	Is that how you got that black eye? 
PAT 	m	Don't ask that. 
LINDA 	f	No, this was an accident. 
JUNIOR 	m	Sure. 
LINDA 	f	It was unintentional. 
JUNIOR 	m	Babe Brother reminds me of the story of the man who wanted to be sizable. He wanted to be tall but what he was really short on was brains. There was a time when people had moon fever were treated with leeches. 
JUNIOR	m	It's that nut of yours. 
LINDA 	f	What do you want?  (beat) No. Nothing happened to him. 
MR. BAKER	m	What are you doing? 
MRS. BAKER 	f	Counting the gray hairs in your head. 
MR. BAKER 	m	Counting the what? What does that have to do with the price of butter? 
MRS. BAKER 	f	I was just trying to make conversation. 
MR. BAKER 	m	Where is Skip? 
MRS. BAKER 	f	He is in his pigeon cage. 
MR. BAKER 	m	I'm sorry he got those birds. 
MRS. BAKER 	f	You know the man next door is near death. 
MRS. BAKER	f	He must have gotten rid of those chickens. You don't hear them crowing anymore... I kind of miss it now. 
MR. BAKER 	m	Don't blow that thing in here. You blow that thing when I'm at work. 
JUNIOR 	m	Why doesn't he just park his car and come in and apologize? 
JUNIOR 	m	Roll down the window and let me talk to you. 
PAT 	m	Stop it Junior! 
RHONDA 	f	Mama, come see what Sunny did. 
HARRY 	m	How is he doing? 
SUZIE 	f	As long as he keeps his throat clear, he is able to get some rest. 
HARRY 	m	I made a fresh pot of coffee. Okra and I thought you need a rest. I'll stand guard. Okra wants to talk to you anyway. 
OKRA 	m	I brought you these greens and some salt meat. 
SUZIE 	f	That is very thoughtful of you. I haven't had time to tend to my garden like I should. 
OKRA 	m	You know Gideon and I are lodge brothers and it has always been a policy to take care of the wives if something happens to our brother. 
SUZIE 	f	You are very sweet, but Gideon has already taken care of everything in case something happens to him. He has a policy. 
OKRA 	m	If you become a widow, you will need someone around to fix the whatnots. We like for the widow to marry someone in the lodge. I know Gideon ain't gone yet, but there will be a lot of his old friends coming around to get in line. I just want you to consider this as a kind of a conditional proposal, to be first in line so to speak. 
SUZIE 	f	Excuse me. I have to go feed my dog. 
HATTIE 	f	You know Harry lied about how that boy Hocker got kilt. And it was Harry who saw Emory last before they found him hanging over a levee like someone would hang a hog. 
SUZIE 	f	I remember Harry always trying to help someone. He got Lulla's daughter out of trouble. He was always running to the store for someone who couldn't leave the house. 
HATTIE 	f	Harry always shows his good side and, like the moon, the other side is black. Back home he always did try to act like the colored gentleman. I'm telling you Harry is nothing but evil. I'm warning you -- you can't keep a wild animal as a pet around children. 
SUZIE 	f	You know Okra asked me to marry him the other evening. 
HATTIE 	f	Rush your mouth, girl. No, he didn't. He cannot be that big of a damn fool. 
SUZIE 	f	I asked Harry about it. He didn't own up to it. He said he didn't know what got into Okra. 
HATTIE 	f	He's just raffish. Harry put him up to it. Before evening sun sets, I would have his belongings back on Route 55, that old fox. 
SUZIE 	f	I can't accuse him just dry long 
HATTIE	f	Everybody who have been associated with Harry end up with pennies over their eyes. 
SUZIE 	f	What must I do? 
HATTIE 	f	If it was left up to me, I would poison him. 
HARRY 	m	Good afternoon, ladies. 
SUZIE	f	Good afternoon to you. 
HATTIE 	f	I'm going to check on Gideon. 
HARRY 	m	As God is my witness, I have never done anything to that woman. 
SUZIE 	f	You must have done something to her. 
HARRY 	m	Since she has repented, all she does is throw stones. 
SUZIE 	f	Hattie is a different person now. 
HARRY 	m	I don't make no bones about where I'm going to spend eternity. I have always been wild and you know that. If you are made to feel half a man, what do you think the other half is? 
SUZIE 	f	I'm glad you brought that up as to who you are. I have to know who is in my house. 
HARRY 	m	You invited me. 
SUZIE 	f	Only if you are a good man, a friend. Are you a friend? 
HARRY 	m	Like that boy next door playing that his horn. If he was a friend, he would stop irritating people, but if he stops practicing, he wouldn't be perfect in what he does someday. 
SUZIE 	f	I want you to leave. 
HARRY 	m	Okra, M.C. and Herman want to go back home with me.  (beat) Suzie, I'm not a bad fellow; I just like to have a good time.  (beat) M.C. is coming by to pick me up tonight. I'll come back to get my things. Well, I hope Gideon recovers. You know I have an extra picture of one of my sons that I would like for you to put with those baby pictures over your dresser. It's better than being in my dusty wallet with addresses and names of people who are no longer on this earth. 
HARRY	m	I'll say my so-longs to Gideon before I leave and I truly wish that he will get well. 
OKRA 	m	Why did you buy so much toilet paper? 
M.C.	?	I got that on the job when I was a janitor. They didn't pay me. 
HARRY 	m	Whose old piece of knife is this? 
HERMAN 	m	That was my brother's knife. 
HARRY 	m	I don't want to wear out welcome, but you can stay in someone's heart longer than you can stay in their house. Come with us, boy. We are going to have a good time. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	This would be a bad time for me to leave. 
HARRY 	m	We are going where the action is. Ain't that right, Okra? (then back to Babe Brother) Let's play for a couple of bucks unless you want to start off with two bits and work our way up. (beat) What would you give to be rich? 
BABE BROTHER 	m	Had Moms and Pops given me my share of what was mine, I could have been rich by now. Linda and I had it all worked out. 
HARRY 	m	I know your mind is on your wife but you should never treat a woman as an equal. You want to get your wife back, get another woman, one of those big hip women that will ride you till you sweat. 
HARRY	m	Double the stakes? 
HARRY	m	M.C., you ever heard of a real man having one woman? 
M.C. 	?	No, lord! 
HARRY 	m	When one woman puts you out, you have another to take you in. You don't drive around without a spare tire, do you? The more mules you have hitched, the easier it is to plough. 
HARRY 	m	Herman, let me borrow a few bucks. 
HARRY	m	Bless you. Bless you. 
HERMAN 	m	In the ground there is a hole and green grass growing around the hole. Now in the hole there is tree and green grass growing all around the tree. Now there is a hole in the ground, a tree in the hole and green grass growing around the hole. 
HARRY 	m	Let me share something with you. 
HARRY	m	Hattie is a snake. That woman broke up so many homes and caused a lot of misery and because she calls herself getting religion everything is put right. 
OKRA 	m	These damn things are unloaded, ain't they? 
HARRY 	m	It's important to know the difference between the incoming fire and the outgoing fire. As Amos and Andy might say, "We is the outgoing fire." Come with us, son. We'll show you some steaming hot juke joints, steaming hot women. 
M.C. 	?	A pot full of chitlins and a good time. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	Let me go by the house first. 
HARRY 	m	We will wait for you as long as we can. I got to get my things from your mother's house. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	I need to get my suitcase out of the garage. 
SUZIE 	f	What for? 
BABE BROTHER 	m	I'm going back home with Harry. 
SUZIE 	f	I've heard some foolish things in my life. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	Harry is coming to pick me up. 
SUZIE 	f	Have you lost your mind? Have you thought about your wife and child, not to mention your sick father? And I need your help to move his bed from under the leak in the ceiling. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	I'm busy. 
SUZIE 	f	Don't make me raise my hand to you. You have to see for yourself that you are going in the wrong direction. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	Can't I be myself without you jumping in with your right and wrong? The world is not black and white. Show me one perfect person. If you can't, don't ask me to be. 
SUZIE 	f	I do have a right to ask you to be a little bit better than me and your father because we gave you a better head start. You have no right to complain to us about your not having enough.  (forcefully) You sit right there with your no manners self. 
JUNIOR 	m	Where is Babe Brother? 
SUZIE 	f	Brother is in the kitchen. 
JUNIOR 	m	How come you didn't ask Babe Brother to help you? 
SUZIE 	f	He said he was busy. He is mad 'cause he wanted to get in the garage to get his things so he could go with Harry. 
JUNIOR 	m	So he is busy? 
JUNIOR 	m	Why in the hell didn't you help mama? 
BABE BROTHER 	m	I told her I would if she would give me time. 
JUNIOR 	m	I bet you if your master would have told you to fix the hole in the roof, you would have rebuilt the whole damn house. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	You always got the best of it around here and when Dad always talks about my son, it is always you, so you fix the roof. 
JUNIOR 	m	That is a damn lie and you know it. Every time father asks you to do something, you either half-ass do it or run off and hide. Mama asked you to turn the dirt in her garden and you told her, with your smart ass self, that you weren't a farmer; get Junior to do it. Every time someone asks you to do something, you always say, tell Junior to do it. Boy, you ought to grow up. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	I told you about calling me boy. I ain't no boy. See, you and Dad got a bad habit of calling me boy. You call me boy in front of my wife. You think I'm going to fix the roof? I hope the wind blows the whole damn thing off and it pours down rain. 
JUNIOR	m	I ought to break your damn neck. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	I'm leaving and don't even call me when the shoe falls 'cause all he did for me was to try and run my life. I'm tired of people saying Babe Brother this, Babe Brother that. What's my name? 
JUNIOR 	m	You dumb ass, it's Babe Brother. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	My name is Sam. Samuel. 
JUNIOR 	m	Sit down! 
PAT 	m	Stop it! Stop it! Look what you are doing! 
JUNIOR 	m	Someone get some lard out of the ice box. 
LINDA 	f	You are going to need some stitches. We better take her to the emergency hospital. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	I'll drive her to the hospital. 
JUNIOR 	m	We will take her. You all stay here and watch Dad. 
LINDA 	f	What about Pat? 
PAT 	m	I'm okay now. 
NURSE 	f	What sort of emergency are you here for? 
SUZIE 	f	I cut my hand. 
NURSE 	f	Let me take a look at it. 
NURSE	f	Are you all together? 
JUNIOR 	m	Yes. 
NURSE 	f	The bleeding has stopped but it will need stitches. You will have to fill out this form. How will this be covered, insurance, cash or check? 
JUNIOR 	m	Don't worry about it. It will be paid. Just let her see a doctor. 
SUZIE 	f	I have Medicare. 
NURSE 	f	Do you need to see the doctor too? 
BABE BROTHER 	m	No, just my mother. 
JUNIOR 	m	Why is it so crowded? 
NURSE 	f	Well, it is Friday night and a full moon. 
GIDEON 	m	Suzie, I'm hungry. 
GIDEON 	m	Suzie. 
GIDEON 	m	Suzie. 
HARRY 	m	I can't believe what I heard took place. 
SUZIE 	f	How is Gideon doing? 
RHONDA 	f	He is asleep now, but he was up all night eating. 
HARRY	m	I came to pick up my things. 
LINDA 	f	You ought to go see how your father is doing and then wash that blood off you and change shirts. 
SUZIE 	f	Gideon. 
PAT 	m	How long is Harry going to hang around? 
WHITE PARAMEDIC 	m	There is nothing we can do for him. 
JUNIOR 	m	Well, aren't you going to take him with you? 
ASIAN PARAMEDIC 	m	If he had died in our care, we would be required to take him. Since we found him dead, you will have to wait for the county to pick him up. 
JUNIOR 	m	How long will that take? 
WHITE PARAMEDIC 	m	That would depend on how busy it is. I'm sorry. 
MARSH 	m	What happened? 
JUNIOR 	m	He slipped on some marbles that were on the floor. Then his heart gave out. 
LINDA 	f	(to Sunny) I told you to always put those marbles up and not to leave them just anywhere. 
PAT 	m	The poor thing is not to blame. Rhonda, take Sunny for a walk. 
MARSH 	m	Here, go around to the store and buy what you want. 
HATTIE 	f	Would anybody object if I take a look at him? 
HERMAN 	m	I don't think Harry would like it. 
HATTIE 	f	I never noticed how big his eyes were. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	Mister... Mister... Excuse me for cutting you off but we pay taxes too. We should not have to pay you to take a 24-hour lunch break. 
BABE BROTHER	m	The coroner said that he was out here, and knocked on the door and no one was here. 
LINDA 	f	He doesn't know when he will be out this way again. Somebody downtown is going to hear about this. 
M.C. 	?	They just do that in the colored neighborhood. If he had been white, they would had him on his feet and out of here. 
PAT 	m	I got white meat and I got dark meat. I know it sounds cruel but we have to eat. 
GIDEON 	m	What, are you having another party? 
SUZIE 	f	You better come sit down. You are still sick. 
GIDEON 	m	Gal, you're talking to John Henry. When was I sick? 
JUNIOR 	m	You have been out for almost three weeks. 
PREACHER 	m	We had long conversations with the Lord about you. Didn't we, Sister Suzie? I said we need him down here, Lord. 
OKRA 	m	That's our friend Harry. 
GIDEON 	m	Not our Harry? 
OKRA 	m	I wish it wasn't. 
GIDEON 	m	What happened to him? 
HATTIE	f	He dropped dead. 
HERMAN	m	Hattie, you can be so mean. 
GIDEON	m	How long has he been dead? 
SUZIE	f	Since this morning. 
GIDEON	m	What happened to your hand? 
SUZIE	f	I cut it on an old rusty knife. 
GIDEON	m	What did you put on it? 
SUZIE	f	It's healing now. 
GIDEON	m	I hope you will take care of your mother better than that when I'm gone. 
GIDEON	m	Babe Brother, is that my shirt that you're wearing? 
BABE BROTHER	m	Yes. 
GIDEON	m	How come you're not wearing my shoes? 
BABE BROTHER	m	They're too big. 
GIDEON 	m	When is the undertaker coming? 
LINDA 	f	They can't say. I'll try calling them again. 
HATTIE 	f	Why don't M.C. and you drag him to your house? 
MARSH 	m	Harry didn't have any relatives living, did he? 
M.C. 	?	Harry was in the world by himself. 
MARSH 	m	Somebody has to take responsibility for him. 
PAT 	m	Why don't you look through his things to see if you can find a number? 
LINDA 	f	How do you like that? They hung up in my face. I'll fix them. I'll show them just how mean I can get. 
LINDA	f	This has been a nightmare. 
MARSH 	m	These are letters to his son. 
HATTIE 	f	I still don't know if I was right about Harry. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	I have more sense than to give up everything, my family, you and Sunny. It wasn't me, I mean the real me inside my body. I'm glad it's over. It's like a veil has been lifted. 
LINDA 	f	Like a veil has been lifted? 
BABE BROTHER 	m	It's like I've been swimming in muddy waters. 
LINDA 	f	Like muddy waters? 
BABE BROTHER 	m	It was like all those things old country people try to tell you what hell is like. 
LINDA 	f	You were in hell? 
BABE BROTHER 	m	I couldn't believe the things I was doing. It was like an internal struggle going on inside my body. 
LINDA 	f	Do you think you won? 
BABE BROTHER 	m	It was nip and tuck. 
LINDA 	f	And what lesson have we learned from all of this, Babe Br... Sam... I mean Samuel? 
BABE BROTHER 	m	I guess it proves you really care about me. You hung in there. 
GIDEON 	m	When are you boys going to fix that roof? 
BABE BROTHER 	m	Soon as I rest a bit.  (beat) I meant as soon as we are back to normal again, anytime. 
GIDEON 	m	Here I am thinking about myself when poor Harry is resting on the floor of the kitchen. 
SUZIE 	f	It feels like a storm has passed... Hattie read some of Harry's letters to a woman he had a child by. The child had died and he was writing to give her some comfort. Hattie didn't know that deep down at the bottom of Harry's hate, there was some love. 
GIDEON 	m	Did I ever tell you the story about the man who wanted to make his own mind up about heaven and hell? He didn't want nobody's opinion but his own. 
GIDEON	m	He's going to check out heaven first. He gets a round trip ticket to heaven. He gets in heaven and finds it just like back home. People dripping with sweat, working in the fields, hardly surviving. He asked a man who was getting a drink of water, "I thought the streets were paved with gold." "They are but you won't see them," he said. "Boy, you got to work day and night cause idleness is sinfulness." So he takes the other half of his ticket and takes the express to hell. He sees people stretched out on their backs kicking back, picking their teeth. "Man, this is a dream." He asked, "What's you'll doing?" They all hollered back, "Sinning." The devil was shaking hands with everyone and came up to him and said, "Please to meet you." He asked, "I thought you'll was supposed to be burning in fire." Someone said, "Man, ain't no fire down here except under that pot of chitlins." The man was going go ask the preacher back on earth... 
SUZIE 	f	I don't want to hear any joke about colored people being in hell. You're being irreverent. 
GIDEON 	m	I'm almost finished. I'm about to come to the punch line. 
SUZIE 	f	I don't want to hear any tales about colored people... 
GIDEON 	m	But these are white people, anybody. The punch... 
SUZIE 	f	I don't care to hear any jokes about people being in hell. This cut on my hand reminds me that it is nothing to laugh at. 
GIDEON 	m	It's only a tale. 
M.C 	?	Is that an earthquake? 
HERMAN 	m	It's something. 
BABE BROTHER 	m	I'm cold. I need to get out into the sunlight. 
JUNIOR 	m	What is it, noontime? 
PREACHER	m	I wonder how they going to bury this man. 
HATTIE 	f	Plant him in Potter's Field. He doesn't need a marked grave. 
HERMAN	m	Hattie, your true colors are unbearable. You got some mean ways. Don't worry about the boy getting a burial. He still has some friends left on this earth. 
HATTIE 	f	His winter has come and gone and I know right now he is answering for a lot of things. 
PREACHER 	m	It is my job to pray for his soul and I would like to do that. 
MAN 	m	Hey boy, you still got that dead man in your house. 
VIRGINIA 	f	I know you all haven't had a chance to cook or do anything with that dead man in your kitchen. You must be starved to death. Some of your neighbors have got together and we set up a picnic table in my backyard with food and everything to feed all you all. 
SUZIE 	f	Virginia, that is so wonderful of you all! 
MARSH 	m	If the dead wagon comes, we ought to leave a note telling them we'll be down the street at a picnic. 
PAT 	m	I think we better be ready. 

