Look, people undress in public because, A, they're exhibitionists, B, they're nutcases, or C, they need the money. I can tell you're not A, and I hope to hell you're not B. So my suggestion is, think about why you're a C and let your body party, shake your groove thing, boogie oogie oogie till you just can't boogie no more. You're not gonna chicken out on me now, are you? We've got your KISS song playing and everything. Amanda Finch. Her ex is one of the wealthiest businessmen in Detroit. Play your cards right and you could hit paydirt. She like 'em young. And since you look a little new at this, let me give you three words of advice. Hard to get. Think it, act it, know it, be it. Nothing a woman loves more than when you beat her at her own head games. Save your money, stud muffin. The lady at the end of the bar sends her love. You mean you never seen a Jack Daniels on the rocks before? You kidding? This is Detroit. Drink? Pick a song, Hawk. You're a little scrawny, but thanks to the concert we're low on amateurs. Name?Amanda, as ironic as this is gonna sound, I can't take any money for... I'm no Midnight Cowboy, y'know. It would only cheapen the whole deal for me. Well, shame on him if he doesn't. And he loves you back, doesn't he? No, I mean... you love your son? You love him? Well, Amanda, this has been quite a night. So far you've seen me and my dick throw up. What's next? Projectile diarrhea? Man. What a stud, huh? My name's not Woody, it's Haw-haw... Who's Whiskey Dick? Whoa. Some of this hard liquor's a tad too manly for me. I'm a brewski man myself. What the hell is that? Huh? Right, well, thanks for the drinks and stuff, Amanda, but there's no reason for me to stick around these parts anymore. Thanks, miss. I-I c-can't... Oh, Dicky, I c-c-can't... Whoa... she is a killer. Sure, I have. But not one with ice in it, that's all. What's that? Yeah, a man's drink... Got any KISS? Hawk. Any luck? For the next hour and a half it's every dude for himself. Try to get at least one ticket and at 8:30 P.M. we'll meet over there. ...at twenty-thirty hours. Brilliance, Trip. Sheer brilliance. Give Albert Einstein here the Nobel Prize. So maybe we got enough for one ticket. Fuck! I have one question. How could a kid who wails on the drums like it's the only thing keeping him alive even think of such a femmy thing to say? What was that D.J.'s name again? You call that John Travolta/Denny Terio shit dancing? I wouldn't dance like that in private if you paid me. What's in Sandusky? Totally. All I've had for chow was a packet of Pop Rocks and a Yoo-hoo. I was just explaining to Lex here what you and I already know. Just had to make it a little more complicated so he'd understand. Well, the least we, his only buds in the world, can do is take him along with us tonight and give him one last curl before he starts serving his sentence. Our band "Mystery" is a quartet and we can't go on the road without our drummer. Jam's mom said something about sending him to St. Bernard's, right? We gotta bust him out before we go anywhere. Stan Lee couldn't think of a better one. Maybe some tunage'll chase those blues away. For once Lex is right. It's over. Things can't get any worse from here. What are you, high? Nah. Couldn't be. Tickets? Still too risky for my money. We're running out of time here. This is KISS! A victory for one is a victory for the team. I'm sure I can barter with a scalper, but if you dudes think you got better plans, go for it. We'll reconvene at that intersection... Four dudes sneaking in? We'd get busted fer sure. Bad plan. Okay, shut the fuck up, Lex! Now, then, step number one, we find us a scalper. I got... twenty-five. Cool, bro, now listen up... Now listen up. Here's the game plan. Wake up, Lex. This is Detroit. The cops aren't gonna waste city dollars looking for a Swedish car. Face it, the Volvo's on a cutting board as we speak getting sliced, diced, and julienned by Christine, the chop shop gourmet. Now there's a woman who totally abuses the privilege of motherhood. What the fuck! Lex, am I gonna have to lock you in the trunk till we reach Detroit? Don't worry, these babies are built for speed. Next stop: the 2:45 to Detroit Rock City! Gimme a second, dudes. Lemme think. Ok, dudes, follow my lead. Curly. Well, Jam is in absolute trouble. He couldn't get any deeper into shit if he was a fly sitting in a horse's ass. You know as well as me he'd give his right arm just to see Peter Criss's drum solo, never mind a whole KISS concert, check? There's only so much trouble an individual can get into till it just doesn't matter anymore, Lex. You familiar with a condition known as Absolute Zero? Then lighten up. She'll never know we touched it. Alright, here's the plan. We bus it to chez Lex, grab the Volvo, bail Jam the hell outta St. Bernard's and arrive at the train station precisely on time for the 2:45 to Detroit. And when is she due back from that groinecologist's convention anyway? Damn straight we are. So? Your mom's car has a CB, radar detector and cruise control, check? Never mind with the too bad shit. I got a crazy plan, but only the craziest among us can pull it off. Weird... Whoa... she just farted. That's Sherry VanHafton. Second floor girls' john! Two minutes! He'll never look there! Okay, enough. Enough. Gimme the tickets. I wanna hold onto them. YO, DOOFUS! Will somebody please tell those chicks disco is dead. How would you like a nice Hawaiian Punch? Okay. Ahem! You. Are. A. Dick. With. Ears. And. A. Really. Bad. Haircut. Well, let's recap, shall we? You slapped all of us, yelled at me, used my head for a rag, threw me on the ground and tossed our LOVE GUN 8- track under the wheels of a passing semi. So, if the lesson was that you're a dick with ears and a really bad haircut, then, yes... I'd say we learned it. No, I'm dumber than a goddamn slug. Now can I please clean your windshield and leave without further ado? Could be. Hey, disco dude, it's cool... Hey, I invented fake I.D.s, alright. That's not the problem... They're playing disco music in there, man. Dude, if it were dancing the way Fred Astaire did it, I'd give it my best shot. I'd learn the steps and practice in my spare time. But this... tribal, ritualistic bullshit, it's way-too-spontaneous for me. I can't just walk in and take my clothes off. It's embarrasskin. Where the hell am I gonna scare up that kinda gravy in one hour? Dude, this is all I got. Go ahead, Jam. See you at 8:30, Jam. Later. Dudes? Later. Jam, shut-up! You're not allowed to speak, remember? Go use whatever femmy idea you have to get yourself a ticket or four. I don't wanna hear it. Uh-uh. Don't tell us, Jam. Just show us. Jam, not another word out of your femmy-ass mouth! Okay, we're here, we got nothing, and we got an hour and a half. We're totally committed. It's time to brainstorm. Christine stole it! Asleep, my ass! The stella booted with your mom's wheels. Please, Jam, we're trying to vent some hostility here. Sure the whole thing may be your fault, but who's gonna get pissed off at you? Oh, I'm sorry, Trip. What you made was a big, brainless, pile of horse shit. No offense. Hey, Look at the front entrance! A car's pulling out. The parking space from heaven. God is surely smiling down upon us tonight, dudes. Disco Inferno? Disco's infernal morelike. Oh no, Jam. I'm not falling for that twice. What?! Are you mentally deranged, Jam? If he offers you a slice, you're not the least bit hungry, check? All right. After school we double- time it to your house for the tix before heading to the train station for the 2:45 to Detroit Rock City. They're what? Don't be a fembot. So, are you like grounded because of last night, or what? Cool. Just check whatever you were wearing last night. Now! The KISS tickets, you nimrod! They're just fuckin' gone! Please tell me you have'm! Anyway, listen up. They're gone! Are you on the crapper with one of those antenna phones? Sounds like you're taking a dump the size of Butte, Montana. Just listen up, man, cause we are in a quandary. Jam, listen up.Bye. Tell me about it. Church will never be the same again. I feel like such an idiot. Why didn't I just say something a year and a half ago? Man, think of how much time we wasted. Nah. Once I get my own wheels, I could come up all the time. Ann Arbor? Peter Criss is my inspiration, man. If I paid a hundred bucks for a KISS show and all I saw was his solo, I'd consider it... money... Hey, how'd you know that? I dunno. I think he had the piece of skin under his tongue removed so he could stick it out farther. I'm not too up on Gene trivia. Right, slow... Beth, I can't believe you just said that because that's exactly how I've always felt about you... Call me Jam. It's my band name. I don't care. I wanna hear more. Beth? I can't believe it. Yeah? It's okay. Thanks. We all beat each other up, then, once we're nice and bruised, we run over to the ticket takers and say we got mugged and our tickets were stolen. They gotta let us in then. Well... I still got my idea if anybody will let me speak. But... my plan involves all four of us acting together. Wait! I know how we can get in! I got... I'm sorry, guys. I thought it was a nice thing to do. It was stolen! Guys, GUYS! Come on, if this is anyone's fault, it's mine. I was the one who grabbed Trip's jacket by mistake. It's my fault and I apologize. Kind of funny, I thought He'd be pissed as hell at me. It doesn't mean anything. Don't pay attention to him. Well, couldn't you slow down so I can at least state my case, Hawk? If you don't like it, you can speed up and I'll never mention it again. Don't you think we should at least pull over and offer to clean it off? Check. Check. Don't worry about it. They're perfectly safe. We can pick them up after school. My mom won't be home. It's no problem. She was standing right over me when I was changing for fuck's sake. They're still at my house in Trip's jacket. Of course, but has that ever stopped me before? Besides, my mom's going to some church meeting and won't be back till late. No sweat... See you guys in school. I'm really sorry about that, man. Gone!? Why would I have the KISS tick...? What's gone? It's my Bullworker. Hawk? I just lost my virginity in a confessional booth! Lord have mercy!! Mom, what're we...? I said, I'm sorry! If I'm anything like you, I'll deserve him. You mean, you're sending me to... b- b-boarding school? Grounded for the rest of the year? They're not idiots. But, mom! Change? What's wrong with what I got on? Ahh, sunshine. Uhh... nothing. Oh, hi, mom. Tell you what. You keep guessing and I'll say something when you get it. No. Much bet... I mean, much more sinful than that. Okay... when she peeled off that gown, you'll never guess what she was wearing underneath. Well, she was a very tempting siren, Father. Built like you wouldn't believe. So I gave into temptation about a block away from the wedding reception at this little motel that charges by the hour. I was insulted, so I asked her if I was wreaking some wicked b.o., right? Then she said no, she wanted to take a bath with me. Alright, Father, here it is. About two weeks ago I went to my cousin's wedding and one of the bridesmaids asked me if I wanted to take a bath. No. Yeah. So, you see if it wasn't for me, me and my friends would be at that KISS concert right now... together. Just one, Father, but boy was it a doozy. Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned. This is my first confession in... well... a really long time.Sure. Oh, yeah...? Excuse me, I'm a little deef-a- hearin'. Can you repeat yourself? Are you gettin' wise with me? And if it ain't cleaned off? Do you realize the sheer, goddamn, unadulterated, undiluted, no holds barred, one hundred percent pure as Ivory Snow, absolutely friggin' STUPIDITY of what you just did?No... You don't think...? I found the Volvo. Okay, one of us sneaks in, gets four ticket stubs off some kids in the audience, comes back out, and we all "re-enter" the concerto. Voila! I think we should try sneaking in. ...Holy shit! I am in absolute trouble! I never should have let you drive, man! Absolute fuckin' trouble! ...I mean, my mom's got insurance. What's the worst thing she could do? Ground me for the entire year? I can handle that... Here's a suggestion. Let's stop worrying about the concert for the time being and get the cops in on this Volvo situation. DUDES! Uh... dudes? The paint! Jeezis, Hawk, can you at least keep it within twenty miles of the speed limit? We got you a change of duds when we picked up the car. Now, how are we gonna do this? Wait a minute. We ditching the rest of school? Very funny, Hawk. Okay, I'm in on this hare-brained scheme, but if anything happens to my mom's car, I'm blaming you. I'll say you drugged me or something. The hypothetical temperature characterized by the absence of heat and even the slightest amount of molecular activity? Yeah, I'm vaguely familiar Sunday, but... Hawk, all I need is one ding on the Volvo and presto! There are my balls hanging from the rearview mirror after she gets back from Cincinnati. We are not stealing my mom's car. But... but, St. Bernard's is way the hell over in the next county! Too bad we're stuck in electronics or... I have never heard a girl squeeze cheese in my entire life. I've been in love with her since the second grade. Check! Yeah, she gives you shit and you take it. Shit, that dork is Jam. Stellas. I hate stellas almost as much as I hate dogs. All I got is five. The rest is in the Volvo. Okay, I'm just a little mad now! Jam, why'd you talk us into picking that bitch up in the first place!? But we took the keys? I can see that, bright boy. What happened to it? Really, Trip, can we bore holes in your head and use it as a bong so it actually does us some good for a change? Man, that weed knocked Christine on her ass. She's sleeping like a baby stella. Trip, huck that out before it stains the upholstery! Huh. St. Bernard's. Figures it's named after a canine. Hello summer detention. Simple-icity is more like it. And you guys thought Jam was in trouble before. Wait till Mrs. Bruce finds out he went to that concert with us. The Chinese have a proverb: "That which appears too good to be true, usually is." There's gotta be a catch. We won?! Smug, Trip! Not snug, smug. Trip, it's not the end of the world, okay? Quit acting all squeezed out. Hey, take it easy, man. This is the girls' crapper, remember? I knew it! I knew this was gonna happen! I had a bad feeling since last night. Remember? We are so totally fucked! If your mom so much as smells those tickets, they're history, and we get screwed outta seeing KISS for the third year in a row, the third year! Yeah, right. She wishes. Look at that big ass. Trip, you fuckin' asshole. Trip, a female gynecologist does not a lesbian make. And even if it did, at least my mom didn't give birth to me while she was on LSD. Poor, Jam, man. Imagine having to stash your KISS records inside Carly Simon album covers. No question, Mrs. Bruce is a psycho-bitch from hell. I had a nightmare once that something like this might happen. I hope he doesn't get grounded again. If he misses Peter Criss's drum solo, I don't know if he'll be able to handle it.I don't even think you have a gun! Don't tempt me, I'll shoot! Gimme your gun, boy! Oh, yeah! You and what army?Splendid! I love a good game of Name That Nightie. A bustier? Was it a teddy? Well? Continue! Continue! Oh, this is terrible... Please go on. No... Okay, you better have something really sinful for me this time, son. My patience is worn to threads and your mom will be here any minute. Well then, I suggest you have a seat on the bench behind you and think of something a little juicier to confess than losing KISS tickets. I realize this is Detroit, but I personally find, what that rock and roll band is all about, to be boring as Lucifer's kingdom. I'll return in a little while. Well, this is a unique confession to say the least, son. And not exactly the most interesting one I've ever heard either. You sure you don't want to talk about... oh, carnal knowledge with a neighborhood girl or impure thoughts about the new student teacher maybe... or how about finding a box of magazines under your dad's bed? That's it? Prepare to receive the Act of Penance. How many sins have you committed since your last confession?Chief, here's a little secret. Drink heavily, your feet will know what to do. Now shit or get off the pot. Do you wanna dance or do you wanna see KISS only on their album covers? Yeah, you're probably too young anyhow. Guess you don't want to see the greatest show on earth. And in Detroit no less. Well, take care, chief. You look a little scrawny, but it's worth a shot. The easy way. Sorry, man, no can do. But I'll be here for a while if you scare up the extra gravy.Whoa, easy, Trip, this is radio, not "Taxi Driver." Now listen up cause this next part is crucial. Stay on the line so we can get your full name, information, and... Yeah, you did! Trip? You just got yourself four tickets and four backstage passes to KISS live at Cobo Hall tonight! Is that your final answer? I should hang up on you right now, but you're the right caller so answer quick or get your battleship sunk. What are the names of the four members of KISS? Simple Simon on the Rock, go caller.Whatever... stella. You got in the car, didn't you? So, are you, like, gonna polish our nobs, or what? What's it worth to you? Plenty, but it was all bad. One more time in English. Waitaminit, dudes! I got it! We find four really small kids, beat the shit outta them and steal their tickets. What do you think? Really, Jam, you tryin' to make us barf? Oh, I'll remember it till the day I die. His name was... Simpleton the Simian? No, Samson Samoan... No, simply, similar... Disco blows dogs for quarters. Pizza, and I been jones-in' for a pizza ever since we left St. Bernard's. Let's stop in Sandusky, Hawk. I'm starvin' and it's way past lunchtime. Just for the record, I understood the last part of what you said, but for a while there you guys were making no fucking sense whatsoever. Namely? This is the best thing that ever happened to me at school! Not only are we on again for KISS in Detroit, but we're actually sitting right at the fifty yard line! I dare you dudes to find a curlier scenario. Wonder if you could smoke shit out of this? Yeah. Twenty-five more'n I got. Damn, she musta hot wired it. We picked up a professional car thief in the shape of Olivia Newton-John! It's gone. Fuck you, Lex! This whole thing wouldn't have happened if it wasn't for you jinxing us. I just made an honest mistake. Let's lift up her shirt. Eyowch! This is one hot pizza! Well, here we are back at fucking school again. About fuckin' time if you ask me. I'm just going through the motions till I drop out anyway. Simplicity, Hawk. Yeah? I have a saying too, Lex. It goes, "Catch my jizz in your mouth and stop jinxing us, asshole." We're going this time and that's all there is to it. I did it! I did it! We won! Oh, everything's hunky-dory now that the shit hit the fan just like you said it would, you snug sonofabitch! You fuckin' jinxed us! Wake up, Lex! We just watched Jam's mom torch our fuckin' KISS tickets! Not REO Speedwagon! Not Journey! Not the Bay City Rollers! KISS! If you can think of a better reason to trash a bathroom, I'd sure like to hear it! Waitaminit, dudes! I got it! Maybe we can glue the tickets back together! That's some sick shit right there. Did she comb your ass hair for you too? You know what they say about a big ass... big shit. What? Shrooms! And even if it was LSD, I can still give my mom a kiss without smelling the catch of the day. You're one to talk, Lex. Your mom's a fuckin' dyke. Jam has yet to do an overnight with us. Look, I want to live, but I don't know where the fuck I'm gonna find two hundred bucks. Two hundred bucks? Please, sir, don't kick my ass! I'll do anything to get out of a beating! Look, you can have my wallet... What do you want? Hey, kid, that's okay. I don't wanna see KISS that ba... A likely story. Hand it over, kid. Neither do I! Not if I shoot first! No, you gimme your gun, boy! The KISS Army!Yeeeehaaawww!! This is totally fuckin' curly, man! Thank you God! I did? Yeah. Gene Klein, Stanley Eisen, Paul Frehley, and Peter...Criscula! Yeah, that's it! Hello? Is this me? I'm Trip. Am I on the air?