Written like this. One word. Small e. Capital X, capital Z. He turns back to face an as-yet-unseen audience. eXistenZ. It's new, it's from Antenna Research, and it's here, right now. We now see Levi's audience, about seventy-five people, some standing, some sitting on plastic folding chairs. They are of very mixed age and type, but they all cheer and applaud enthusiastically. We are in the central playing area of a small, deconsecrated country church, and Levi performs on a broad, low, carpeted plywood dais. At the far end of the dais, a man and a woman - assistants to Levi - are carefully laying out about two dozen plastic modules that look somewhat like high-tech ski boots. My name is Wittold Levi, my friends call me Witt - and I'm the project manager for eXistenZ. I recognize some familiar faces - that's all right, that's all right. We won't throw you out. We encourage consumer loyalty, and we want you to help us with our product testing. We're a team, Antenna and you. A delighted stir from the crowd. Those of you who have come to our invited seminars before will know that I normally lead the group through our new games, but tonight, it won't be me. No, for the test launch of eXistenZ by Antenna, we have brought you a seminar leader who is rather special. An unbelieving, excited stir. Could it really be? Yes, it is. The world's greatest game designer is here, in person, to lead you, the first test enclave, through her newest creation, eXistenZ by Antenna... The small crowd is now tremendously excited, wide-eyed, murmuring, one or two have actually gotten on their knees. I give you, the Game-Pod Goddess herself - Allegra Geller! Levi moves to the edge of the crowd, works his way into it until he has reached a small, unobtrusive figure who up to now has hardly been noticed. She stands next to a security guard who is dressed in a suit and tie but carries an electronic wand of some sort. His name-tag identifies him as Ted Pikul (rhymes with "Michael", not with "pickle"), and we will see more of him later. As Levi takes her hand and gently leads her out of the crowd, her fans applaud softly, touch her hem. They part like water as she passes amongst them, clutching her own personal game-pod case with both hands. She mounts the dais like a blind person led by her seeing-eye dog. Allegra Geller, early thirties, conservatively dressed, is bright, acutely aware, but wary and controlled. When she speaks, she is deliciously, sexily shy, serious, melodic. The world of games is in a kind of a trance. People are programmed to accept so little, but the possibilities are so great. You probably thought that tonight, we were going to test a new game that I designed. Excited murmurings from the crowd. But there is no new game to test, at least, not in the usual sense. Confused, slightly disappointed mutterings. No, no, it's going to be much better than you expected, because eXistenZ is not just a game. It's an entirely new game system. Antenna Research and I developed it together - the eXistenZ System by Antenna - and it involves a whole lot of new toys, which you are going to be the first to try out. The crowd's spirit rises again. Levi steps forward, smiling, playing off the renewed energy. MetaFlesh. Levi turns to the chalkboard and writes the word. Written like this. One word. Capital M, capital F. MetaFlesh is what our new toys are made of - the MetaFlesh Game-Pod, only from Antenna Research. It connects with any industry standard bioport, which I know you all have or you wouldn't be here... (chuckles from the crowd) .using, however, a very non- standard connecting device which we call... Levi turns again to the chalkboard. .we call an UmbyCord. Spelled like this. Levi writes the word out and then turns back to his by-now- salivating audience. I guess you can tell I started off as a schoolteacher. But I never had anything quite so fun or so revolutionary to teach as what Allegra and I are going to teach you all tonight. With a theatrical flourish, Levi whirls around to face his two assistants, who have finished laying out their devices on the back table and are now standing crisply at attention at either end of it. Are the MetaFlesh Game-Pods by Antenna Research ready? And how many of these precious prototypes did we manage to bring with us? Twenty-one? I thought we had an even two dozen. The first three we opened were... unhealthy. Really? Any chance that some of the others...? God-damn better be. Levi turns back to his audience, radiant once more. We have twenty-one prototype MetaFlesh Game-Pods, and that means that for our first wave test enclave we need twenty-one volunteers who will port in these slave units with the Game-Pod Goddess herself... Levi doesn't need to finish his pitch. Every hand is waving in the air, and every pair of lips is saying, "Me, me, oh God, please, let it be me!" Geller can only stand by modestly and beam at the intensity of the small crowd's enthusiasm. Oh, god. I hope I'm not too late. Did I miss the port-in? A weapons check? I brought my game-pod. It's got original Marway tissue architecture. It's kind of obsolete but I was hoping,... even though I couldn't afford the Antenna Fifteen upgrade, I figured out a method of virtual porting that I thought might... Pikul uses his wand to scan the vinyl case, then opens the zipper and feels around. In the case is a more solid, rubbery version of the new MetaFlesh pods. Migod! Is that who I think it is? But why would a star like her come to a product seminar in a little one-horse town like this? Yeah, well, you said it. Just like me. Dichter has scanned OK. Pikul waves him into the church to join the spectators who will form the second wave and re- locks the door. On the dais, in the center of the circle of linked game players, Levi nods at Geller. Everything's in order. Are you ready, Allegra? Sure. This is my favourite part. There is giddy laughter in the room. Geller looks at every player-in the circle as Levi steps down off the platform and retires to the far edge of the small, watching throng. I'm ready to download eXistenZ by Antenna Research into you all now. I'm warning you, it's going to be a wild ride, but don't panic no matter what happens. I'll see you all back here in no time at all. Now the giddy laughter goes a touch nervous, uncertain, but it's too late. Geller depresses a nipple-like protuberance on the game-pod on her lap, and all the players close their eyes and go rigid, like members of a seance who have suddenly been contacted by the spirit world. The pods in their laps begin a rhythmic, peristaltic rippling. At the edge of the crowd, Pikul sidles up to Levi. She spends most of her time alone in a room designing her games. I think she'd like it best if she never had to show them to anybody. She hates having to port in with her fans. It's too intimate. We make her do it. That's what I mean. Are you with us or did an independent security company send you? Well, for example, we've spent a fortune developing eXistenZ, but we all know it's a risky project. She might have to make changes. It's the only way we can convince her that there might be a problem. eXistenZ is a lot more than a game. And we're worried that it's too intellectual, too complex, too weird, too artsy. That argument ; never bothers her until she faces her fans. She hates to be rejected in the flesh, so we make her come out sometimes to take the heat. It's the new Antenna Research theme song. We thought this would be a good way to launch it. Everybody who plays eXistenZ is going to be very familiar with that tune. Haltingly, but gamely, Pikul tries to hum along. Death to eXistenZ! Death to Antenna Research! Death to the demoness Allegra Geller! Get her out of here! Save her! There might be more of them! Go on! (urgent, pleading) We have enemies in our own house. Trust no one. Trust no one... The wide-eyed Pikul scrambles to his feet and promptly trips over the all-but-dead Dichter. He falls painfully to his knees, struggles up again, and finds the bizarre bone gun in his hand. Pikul stares at it, fascinated, horrified. He turns back to Levi, but Levi's eyes are rolling back as he loses consciousness. The two assistants are making their way towards them through the shoving, shuffling throng, guns cocked, faces set hard. Panicked, Pikul jams the bone gun into his suit pocket and jumps off the platform, wildly looking around for Geller. She and her chair have slipped off the dais in a heap only a few feet away, and she is in several kinds of agony. Pikul unports her, which immediately brings her some relief and a lot of clarity. Pikul wards off a couple of fans with one arm, screams at them. Am I? With you? (suddenly near hysteria) I can't lose this! I can't lose this! She finds the game-pod still under the folding chair, a bit flattened on one side but in one piece. She grabs the game- pod and its UmbyCord and stuffs them into her MetaFlesh pod case which has been knocked to the edge of the dais. As she clutches it to her, Pikul takes her hand and hauls her through the crowd, which is now spilling off the overcrowded dais and clutching at Geller fitfully, like Velcro. They head for the door, fighting everybody off as though they might be lethal. As they leave through the side door, Pikul sees five or six fans, shrieking like monkeys, still stomping and kicking the body of Dichter viciously, hysterically, while Levi's two assistants carry him to the safety of the church's apse. Let's take my limo. Why no? You drive, idiot! They cross the road and jump in the Defender. Frances, the driver, sixtyish, a retired lady farmer who moonlights, is apprehensive. We need this vehicle, and we need it without you. But with the keys. Get out, Frances. You can say you were hijacked. Thanks, Frances. They drive off down the country road, leaving Frances in the dust. Only if you don't really know what's going on. There is great stress and anger and violence in the countryside. Thousands of life forms all screaming ME ME ME and trying to kill and dominate and devour the other life forms. It's terrifying and exhausting. That's good, `cause you might end up spending a lot of time here. Sure. If you go back home to the city, they'll probably be waiting for you. Yeah. My assassins. They'd want to have a little talk with you about where I am. Did you hear the way he screamed at me? He wasn't alone. Not country people. Games people. The countryside's full of games development people, project co- ordinators, little factories - you name it. The city's full of bad microwaves, bad thermals, bad electro-optics. You can't shield from it anymore. You can't get true readings. The whole industry moved out of the city years ago. Maybe. But it seems I have some enemies I didn't know I had. "Death to Allegra Geller." How'd you like to hear somebody with a gun screaming, "Death to Ted Pikul"? (indicating his name tag) You're labelled. It has a trigger. I pulled it. Later. I think I'm gonna use it in my next game. If there ever is a next game. Pikul glances at her. He hits a pothole and she bounces around in her seat, exposing her far shoulder to him. Her shirt is soaked with blood. What's that? Answer it. Pikul pulls the pink-fone - it's soft surgical plastic, palm-sized - out of his pocket. When he squeezes it open, a diffuse pink light swells up from deep inside it. That was a rangefinder. As long as you have that, they know where you are. I mean anybody. I heard what Levi said to you. He said, "We have enemies in our own house." He said it as he was dying. Anti-existentialists? Yeah. I hear things. It's hard to surprise me. And what else? Pikul, why don't you have a gun with you? You're not armed. They told me you were my security but you have no weaponry. Fuck. I'm marked for death and they send me on the road with a PR nerd. Don't sweat it, Pikul. I'll handle it. We just have to disappear for a while. And right now, we have to stop. So we can have an intimate moment together. C'mon. If you're gonna do it, do it. What do you mean? Lemme see that weirdo pistol. Geller pulls the strange weapon out of the bag. After a moment of study, she expertly pops the magazine out of the grip. The gristly magazine is packed with teeth. Yep. The bullets are human teeth. Look - this one's got a cavity. I suppose the smaller caliber pistols would have to fire baby teeth. The tooth fairy could go I into the arms business. Amazing, isn't it? The whole gamesworld is in a kind of trance. People are prepared to accept so little. They're in a'cage formed out of their own limited expectations. They have no idea what amazing things could be theirs. (a worried frown) I was wandering through eXistenZ - the new system, I mean. (a shy, sexy smile) I like it in there. Of course, without another player you're only a tourist. It's frustrating. Where's your bioport? Don't tell me you were never fitted. I can't believe it. Pikul shrugs his shirt back down, starts tucking it in. You're hoping to get into the biz and you've never played one of my games. You've never played any game. That means you have no idea what a genius I am. Bullshit. Posturing. You don't play my games, you don't work for Antenna Research, I'll make sure of that. I'm not so sure I do. God, c'mon. They just pop your spine with a little hydro-gun. Shoot the port-plug into it. They do it at malls, like getting your ears pierced. It's your chosen profession, geek. She pauses, then moves very close to him. She breathes her words slowly, intimately, into his ear. There's an intimacy involved in playing eXistenZ that is beyond description. It has to be experienced. And frankly, the two-player version is the most exquisitely intense. Wouldn't you like to play with me? (a gentle threat) They wouldn't want to talk to you if they knew you had never had a bioport installed. It's company policy, you know. They want you to be passionate about your work. Besides, once you're ported, there's no end to the games you can play. (cradling her pod) My baby here took a huge hit in the church, Pikul. You see how she's quivering? Pikul takes a look. The pod is, in fact, quivering like a terrified hamster. When those UmbyCords got ripped out of her in the church, ripped The only way I can tell if everything's OK - the game's not been contaminated, the pod, my baby, is not about to be crippled for life because of my negligence - the only way is to play eXistenZ with somebody friendly. Are you friendly, or are you not? Anything else I can do for you? Well, Gas, you could check your bioport-plugs. The what? The sparkplugs? You heard me. My friend here has a bioport problem. A bioport, now, that's a sort of a hole in your spine, isn't it? Lotta assholes `round here, but that's generally it. I don't know why you'd be talking to me about that, lady. Geller smiles a knowing smile. Sure you do. Gas looks at her closely for the first time. His eyes widen in disbelief. He pulls a greasy wallet out of his overalls and flips out the card holders. Amongst various family photos, hot rod photos, fishing photos, is a photo of Allegra Geller clipped from a glossy magazine. Under the photo is the legend "Genius In A Game-Pod". Gas takes her hand in his and kisses it. Allegra Geller. You changed my life. Before? I operated a gas station. Only on the most pathetic level of reality. Geller's work liberated me. Did you ever play her game ArtGod? One word, capital A, capital G? "Thou, the player of the game, art God." Very spiritual. Funny, too. God, the artist. The mechanic. (chuckles to himself) Funny. Gas zips up his fresh overalls. Not to worry. They way they set things up, you could fire in a bioport in a slaughterhouse and not generate an infection. It's a mental thing. Helps me focus. The one thing you don't want to do is miss with the stud- finder. God, the mechanic. We call this thing a stud-finder.' It locates the spot on your spine where the x intersects with the y. We don't want to be even a micron out of whack. That's when you get troubles. It's a little radar/sonar/laser thingee. Marks you with a special range-finding dye. Lift up your shirt and turn around. See, that didn't hurt, did it? I've never crippled anyone yet. Three. Well, you'll be the third. What's going on, Gas? Hell, he's acting like I'm attackin' him. People usually pay me.to do this, you know. This is it, you see. This is the cage I was talking about, the cage of your own making which keeps you trapped and pacing about in the smallest possible space forever. Break out of your cage, Pikul. Break out now. That swelling doesn't last for long. Tomorrow, you won't even notice it. The procedure comes with its own epidural, just like when you have a baby. Kinda like instant paralysis from the waist down? That's why it didn't hurt you. It'll wear off in about twenty minutes. As they ease Pikul into a sitting position in the chair, Gas almost drops the insertion gun which he has been holding in one hand. He leans it against the wingback chair, and Pikul notices blood and flecks of skin on Gas's work gloves. Things do get kinda confused these days, don't they? I'm gonna go wash up. You two make yourselves at home. Gas strides off towards the washroom with an air of great satisfaction. Geller eases her game-pod out of its case and starts to attach its two-player, Y-shaped UmbyCord to it. We don't have to wait for the swelling to go down. You wanted to play my game, didn't you? It's an instant-on world, isn't it? She lifts up his shirt to reveal the new bioport. It already looks a bit less angry than it did before. Geller caresses it, prods it, plays with it. Then she takes out a little bottle of WD-40 and sprays it around and into the port. New ports are sometimes a bit tight. Wouldn't want to hurt you. Listen to what you're saying, Pikul. Don't be ludicrous. Maybe afterwards. Geller gently works her UmbyJack into Pikul's bioport. She locks her eyes onto his, then squeezes her game-pod's ON teat. Instantly, her pod convulses and begins to flash and spark and crackle. White electronic smoke seeps from its crevices and a kind of bioelectronic fat sputters from its pores. Geller leaps up from the arm of the chair and rips her UmbyJack out of Pikul's spine. He can't feel it, but the furious force of her move twists him in his chair. Shit, Pikul! I can't believe this! I trusted you and you blew my pod! You must have neural- surged! I jacked you into my pod and you obviously panicked. Now it's totally fucked! This is a disaster! I was forced to trust you and you panicked and you neural-surged, and you blew my pod. (her heart is breaking) Pikul, in this pod is the only, the original version of eXistenZ, an entire game system that cost thirty-eight million to develop, not including pre-release marketing costs. And I'm locked outside of my own game! I can't get it out, or me in! Security is everything these days. It's the only one and its stuck inside and it's your fault. Geller uses her sleeve to clean the drool off the pod with tragic gentleness, as though it were an injured child. (fighting back tears) I've devoted my five most passionate years to this strange little creature. And I've never regretted it, Pikul, because I knew that it was the only thing that could give my life any meaning... It isn't your fault. It's my fault. Pikul looks at Gas in disbelief. His feet begin to writhe in circles, but he still can't get out of the chair; Geller backs away from Gas, clutching her pod protectively. Oh, no, Gas, not you. I wouldn't try to use that bioport again, `cept maybe for a toaster or something. What's going on? You're worth a lot of money. If you're dead. You know what I'm talking about. It's all over the countryside. Five million for her dead body. No questions asked. Yup. And now I'm gonna change hers. Seems there's a big bonus for killing Allegra Geller's latest game, or whatever it is. I think I just did that, didn't I? Geller decides to try another tack. She stops backing away and begins to slowly approach Gas. But can you kill a person? Can you do that, Gas? Can you kill me? Hide my body. Contact the crazies. Trust them to pay up. Hand over my now-decaying, fucking grotesque corpse. Really expect them to hand over 5 mil cash? Don't you ever go to the fuckin' movies? I like your script. I want to be in it. Gas cocks his shotgun. He's really going to do it. Except that Pikul shoots him right in the mastoid bone, just behind the ear, with the bioport insertion gun. The back of Gas's skull shatters and he goes down hard. Pikul drops the gun and launches himself out of his chair. He falls to his knees beside Gas's body. You did distract him. (to Gas's body) Plug your toaster into that hole, corpse! Yep. I've never been more popular. You're right. I've got to get this pod fixed. Nothing in the countryside is what it seems. It's all appearance versus reality, and the reality here is something unique. They breed them here. They're not supposed to get away. They get out and walk towards the clubhouse. Nobody actually physically skis any more, Pikul. You know that. Yeah, right. Kiri Vinokur, this is my bodyguard, Ted Pikul. There have been a couple of attempts on my life already. I don't know if they can do anything about it. It seems to be open season on me. Kiri, no, don't. You mustn't let anybody know we're here unless you have to. I can't be sure that Antenna is completely safe for me. .and make sure I don't lose everything I have in here. Pikul's bioport. He's not kidding. He's a total PR nerd. It ports into you, and you are the power source. Your body, your nervous system. Your energy. When you get tired, run down, it won't run properly. It's not infected. It's just excited. It wants action. She attempts to jack her pod into his port using the Y- shaped UmbyCord, but he twists away from her. (cradling her pod) My baby here has now taken three major hits, one in the church, one in the gas station, and one on the operating table. The only way I can tell if everything's OK - the game's not been contaminated, the pod's not fucked - is to play eXistenZ with somebody friendly. Are you friendly, or are you not? Pikul swallows nervously, then turns his back to Geller so that she can port in. That's how they work. See? You're hummin' along already. Sure enough, he is. Geller deftly twists the second jack into her own bioport and takes a deep breath. All right. eXistenZ. Only from Antenna. Here we go. You could beat the guy who invented poker, couldn't you? Geller flicks the game-pod nipple, and the chalet begins to melt away around them. Depends on the style of the game. You can get jagged, brutal cuts, slow fades, shimmering little morphs... It's basically a game store I used to hang out in as a kid. We're ported into a game-pod together, remember? eXistenZ has complete access to both our central nervous systems. Its game architecture will be based on our memories, our anxieties, our preoccupations... You keep saying that. (examines a game-pak) Look at this. Games I've never heard of. Biological Father. Hit By A Car. Viral Ecstasy. Chinese Restaurant. (reads pak back) In Viral Ecstasy, you are a virus invading a specific human body. You create ingenious viral strategies to cope with the efforts of the body's immune system to destroy you..." The beauty of eXistenZ is that it changes every time you play it. It adapts to the individuals who are actually playing it. The result is that you have to play the game to find out why you're playing the game. Not at all. It's a much more organic approach to gaming than classic, arbitrary, rule- dominated games. It's the future, Pikul. You'll see how natural it feels. These are delicate. You have to be careful. Cortical Systematics is the latest and the hottest. Not just a new game, but a new system. Will it work with an industry standard bioport? (ignores her question) I haven't seen you two before, have I? This is my place. Haimische, isn't it? Funky? Welcome to Dorsey Nader's Game Emporium. I'm Dorsey Nader. Is there anything I can help you with? We're just looking. I have what you're looking for. Follow me. Nader turns his back on them and walks to the back of the store. He stops at a warped and dirty door, turns, beckons to them urgently, trying not to be noticed by the preoccupied patrons. As Pikul and Geller follow Nader through the door, they do not escape the notice of the sour-faced young cashier, who writes something down hurriedly on a pad with an air of vengeful self-importance. Who sent you? It's your character who said it. It's a kind of schizophrenic feeling, isn't it? But you'll get used to it. There are things that have to be said to advance the plot and establish the characters, and those things get said whether you want to say them or not. Don't fight it. Just go with it. Look at him. Pikul does. Nader doesn't seem to have heard him. In fact, he doesn't respond at all other than to hum the Antenna Research corporate-song and tap his fingers repetitively, caught in a small behavioural loop. Geller chuckles at Pikul's confusion. He's gone into a game loop, he's locked up, and he won't come out of it until you give him a proper game line of dialogue. Start by repeating your last line. Include his name so he knows you're talking.to him. You're right. That is all tha  matters. Pikul smiles, delighted. Now he takes a deep breath, closes his eyes, relaxes. The line comes. You're going to need these micro- pods to download your new identities. I assume that you both have had those industry standard bioports you mentioned installed. Yes, of course, that's right. We both have bioports. Here she pauses, looks at Pikul. We do, don't we? We'd better check. While Nader goes into game lock-up, Geller lifts up her shirt. Pikul takes a look. Her bioport is there, although slightly rougher, puckered, more organic than in non-game life. I see what you mean. Yes, we both have bioports. Good. Port in and this'll tell you all you need to know for now. Pikul and Geller examine the pak, which bears the Cortical Systematics name and logo. It seems to be a miniature version of their real-life game-pod. I'm going to leave while you finish up here. It wouldn't be good for us all to be seen together. Nader gets up to leave, pauses at the door. Don't do anything I wouldn't do. Nader chuckles a very theatrical chuckle, then leaves. Yeah. Kinda disappointing. Yeah. Not a very well-drawn character. And his dialogue was just so-so. The game engine is just getting used to us. It'll get more daring once it warms up. OK. The pods are so small they plug directly into the bioport. Geller delicately twists the end of the micro-pod into Pikul's bioport. The micro-pod changes colour, pulses, ripples, and then slowly flows and wriggles its way into Pikul's bioport until it has completely disappeared. God! The whole pod just disappeared into your back. Don't panic, it's just a game. Do you feel anything yet? What the hell was that? You're right. Our characters are obviously supposed to jump on each other. Probably to create emotional tension when danger happens. No use fighting it. They'll take care of themselves. Your what? (kissing and caressing Don't sweat it. All your senses are still operating. You'll pop right out of the game if there's a problem. They begin to make seriously hot love amrngst the game paks and cartons of replacement UmbyCords. And then the game store melts away around them. Larry? They need this in the back room. They asked for you. The worker shuffles off, leaving the cart behind him. Pikul turns to Nourish. We have nice sea bass today. Shall I bring it for everyone? Pikul and Geller exchange a look. Pikul shrugs OK. The special is for special occasions. I cannot give you the special. A birthday is a special occasion. I will therefore bring the special for everybody. The waiter walks away. The others at the table get up and move away, drift over to other tables with occasional furtive backward glances at Pikul and Geller. I guess. I don't know. You have to understand that, to understand what we've really created with eXistenZ. Correct. I don't. We ordered it because another game character told you to. That's a clue we can't ignore. But that's just basic games playing. Sure, yeah, but why? What's wrong? Aren't you dying to see what's special about the special? That's a great sign. It means your nervous system is fully engaging with the game architecture. The game is a lot more fun when it starts to feel realer than real. So how does it feel? Your real life. The one you came back for. You're stuck now, aren't you? You want to go back to the Chinese restaurant because there's nothing happening here. We're safe. It's boring. Definitely not. Our characters did. I'm sure it would be very different if we did. Well, you didn't get the real Allegra Geller, I can tell you that. no No. In real life I tend to lose control. It can get messy. Let's go back. Pikul looks down at the pod. He flicks the PLAY nipple. The room melts down around them and is replaced by the Chinese restaurant. Special order for the birthday girl. Hope you enjoy it very much. In the dishes are a variety of cooked reptiles, amphibians, fish and birds, all weirdly mutated and presented in a bizarrely beautiful fashion. A shame. Mutant creatures provide new and previously unimagined taste sensations. Shall I clear all this away? Geller sees that this is a crucial game moment. No, it looks terrific. Thank you. We're happy. The waiter nods. Very good. Enjoy. The waiter leaves. Geller watches him go, suspicious. When she turns back to Pikul, she is shocked to see that he has served out most of the creatures to himself and is avidly stripping the meat off their bones. Pikul, what are you doing? Oh, good! Pikul looks up from his big bowl, which is rapidly filling with creature parts. His fingers are'slimy and sticky, but he doesn't stop, his fingers working expertly on their own. Yeah. It's a genuine game urge. It's something that your game character was born to do. Don't fight it. It should be OK. Now Pikul reaches into his mouth, pulls out a bridge of three teeth - one of them gold-filled - and loads them into the gristly magazine. Do you have that bridge in real life? It probably wasn't until you ordered the special. He slaps the magazine into the handle, then pulls the slide back and releases it so that there is now a toothy round in the chamber. Then with a smile, Pikul points the weapon at Geller. (suddenly very uncertain) That's not funny! Pikul looks at Geller and sees that there is genuine terror in her eyes. Who? Oh, well, that makes sense. Waiter! Waiter! When he comes over, do it. Don't hesitate. You won't be able to stop. You might as well enjoy it. It's like real life - there's just enough to make it interesting. - Pikul spots the waiter making his way across the room towards them, a big smile on his face. What can I do to make your lunch more pleasant? Pikul lifts the gun and points it at the waiter. Through the kitchen! That way! Why did the Chinese waiter have to die? The Trout Farm is owned by Cortical Systematics? Where did that come from? I'm impressed. Nourish is also impressed. He smiles broadly, then takes Pikul in his arms and hugs him, then Geller. I wouldn't take it too seriously. We saw it everywhere in Dorsey Nader's game store, remember? That's probably fair to say. We're just characters in here. Don't mix your real-life loyalties into it or you'll lose for sure. I'm looking for Dorsey Nader. Is he here? Say that again? Is Dorsey Nader here? The cashier glances around the store, then locks the register. Come with me. He's in the back. The cashier leads them through the store towards the stockroom door. As they move amongst the customers, both Pikul and Geller feel that they are being scutinized carefully by shoppers who turn their eyes away from them at the last moment, so that they can't be absolutely certain. And as for us - have we glimpsed some characters from the game that we have already seen? Possibly even Wittold Levi from the first scene in the church, and Frances the limo driver, and Gas? We aren't positive. You want him, there he is. Nader lies dead, the unnatural purple of his face eerily matched by the veiny purple streaks in the UmbyCord around his neck. What happened? In response, the cashier starts rummaging around on one of the shelves. He soon finds what he was looking for, and turns around to face them. In his hand is a grotesque, slightly chewed gristle gun - the one Pikul assembled in the Chinese restaurant - in his hand. You shouldn't have killed the Chinese waiter. He was your contact at the Trout Farm. A damn good man. (pause; he waggles the gun) His dog brought me this. The cashier toys with the gun's claw-like hammer. That's because Nader tipped him off that you were coming. Nader was a mole for Cortical Systematics. You're with the Realist underground. Yes. I was placed here to keep an eye on Nader. The cashier puts the gun back on the shelf. Nourish is a double agent for Cortical Systematics. He was working with Nader to subvert the Realist cause, and doing it rather well. After all, he got you to assassinate your own contact. But now you're going to put a stop to him. I assume that you both have had spinal port inserts, bioports, installed. Do you both realize that neither of you can be buried on hallowed ground because of these... these mutilations? Does your bioport manual tell you that? Are you trying to talk us into having them removed? No, no. In fact, you would be useless to us without them. We Realists are forbidden to have them, and so we have to use people like you on occasion. I don't understand. Are you wanting us to jack a game into our bioports? Game? No. Not a game. A weapon. (a creepy smile) You go back to the Trout Farm, and in a familiar place, you find a mouldy old wicker basket with a thread-bare canvas cover. (an even creepier' smile) Even a child would know what to do. Someone begins to knock loudly on a door very near by. The cashier is oblivious, but'both Pikul and Geller hear it. The stockroom begins to morph away as its objects are replaced one at a time by chalet objects. Come on in. The door opens slowly to reveal Vinokur, who stands there uncertainly, holding a large tray. Thanks so much, Kiri. This is very sweet of you. So I take it she has. Has what? Oh, yes, sure. That's why we're so spaced out. We were right into it, weren't we? Kiri? Have you heard anything yet? I mean, about the eXistenZ test seminar and the shooting? What? Tell me. Support for the fanatics? What does that mean? Who is? Not yet, Kiri. Thanks. Vinokur smiles gently and leaves. Sounds like you might approve of that. Are you kidding? We can't stop. I've been noticing some new... glitches. I'm not sure what they mean. I'm not sure the game is OK. Yeah, I love it. When eXistenZ is released, it's gonna wipe the competition off the face of the earth. It really will do that, yes. Don't hurt me, Pikul. Don't make me go back in alone. Play with me. (sly, quick smile) But you have one now. And you're ported in. She mischievously flicks the pod nipple, and the chalet melts away around them. It wasn't cruel, it was desperate. C'mon, Pikul. You've just got a bad case of first-time user anxiety. That sounds like my game, all right. They are now close enough to the security cubicle'at the end of the corridor to see the workers ahead of them being frisked by hand, then scanned by a wand similar to the one that Pikul used at the church. But it's a game that everybody's already playing! Existence, it's wonderful! My assembly bay. They make their way to the last assembly bay and slip inside it. There is, for the moment, nobody else there, but several pods have been left on the work tables half-assembled. Pikul spots it first, in the far corner: a large, mouldy wicker basket in the opposite corner. Something lumpy in it is covered by a thread-bare canvas sheet. I'd say it's exactly as advertised. The final wrap comes off. In the basket is a necrotic, purpled, very diseased-looking pod. I have a terrible urge to port into it. What about you? Here we go. Wanna give me a hand? (a quick smile) Exactly. Help me. Pikul kneels beside her as she pulls up her shirt to reveal her bioport. Geller hands him the free end of the UmbyCord and he ports it into her. No time at all. (pale, shaky) Oh, God! Something's wrong! (in sudden pain) 0, God, don't! That really hurts! Pikul lets go. The death-pod, triggered off by Pikul's attempt to disconnect Geller, now begins to convulse in peristaltic waves in its wicker basket. Pikul looks around desperately and spots a clutch of tools hanging from nails on the wall. No, don't, I'm afraid! But Pikul seizes a crude linoleum knife used for trimming oversized motherboards and, with three erratic slashes at the quivering UmbyCord, hacks her loose. Blood immediately pours out of both ends of the severed cord. (wide-eyed, quietly) Pikul. I'm bleeding to death. Pikul. It's here, it's happened. It's come back here with us. We brought it back with us from eXistenZ. We brought the disease back with us. My pod is diseased. As though realizing the implications of what she's saying for the first time, Geller twists away from Pikul and begins to fumble with her UmbyJack. Oh God, I'm really going to lose it, I'm going to lose my game! Unport me! C'mon, unport me! Pikul unports her, then begins to tug at his own jack. When he takes a close look at the pod, he can see that it looks - unhealthy. Geller jumps off the bed and yanks open her bag on the table. She pulls out a tiny hypodermic syringe, unwraps it, flicks the bubbles out of it, falls to her knees beside the bed. I'm coming, I'm coming! Geller jabs the pod with the needle. As sne pushes in the plunger, she starts to massage it with her free hand, rub it, prod it. She's so close to it we think she might give it mouth-to-mouth. There's a very weird reality- bleed-through effect happening here. I'm not sure I get it. Pikul finally gets his UmbyCord unplugged. It's an anti-viral serum. It sometimes works if you get it in time. Unconsciously, Pikul scratches at his bioport. Geller fixes on him with strange intensity. Lemme see your bioport. Lemme see it! Pikul turns and shows it to her. She begins to examine it with microscopic, clinical attention. I know what happened. It's Vinokur, that bastard. He gave you a new bioport, didn't he? He gave you an infected bioport so that my pod would die and so would my game-system. The poor thing was trying to tell us that it was sick by introducing the theme of disease into our game. (suddenly all business) All right, don't panic. I've got something that will help you. Brusquely wiping away her tears, Geller goes over to her bag and takes out a cork-shaped plastic capsule. She snaps open the capsule to reveal a knurled, plug-like electronic device. I'm going to seal up your bioport with this anti-viral resonator. Geller bends over Pikul and works the device into his bioport until it's flush with his skin. (inserting the device) It uses the Umby pick-ups for power. Should cleanse all your porting channels of infection in a few hours. It'11 give you a little skin buzz when it's done. Of course, we can't play until then. Oh, God! Pikul, my pod's dying. Sure enough, the thing is quivering, rippling, convulsing, turning purple. I can't help it! I can't do anything for it! Geller falls to her knees beside the pod. As though triggered by this action, an explosion in the nearest chalet blows the windows and the door out of the guest chalet. Pikul and Geller are knocked to the floor by the impact of the blast. Waves of heat and debris billow into the room. A moment of eery silence, and then Pikul and Geller peek wide-eyed over the-edge of the bed. Flames now engulf the nearby chalet, all too clearly visible throught the shattered window frames. Sounds of pandemonium begin to well up from the hills below, and then a figure steps boldly in through the doorway. When the flamelight flickers over his face, Pikul and Geller are stunned to see that it is the cashier, and he is cradling a real-life submachine gun in his arms. The cashier screams at the bewildered and terrified pair. The uprising has begun! The whole place is on fire! Let's go! You've got to get out of here. They'll be looking for you. I don't know! I don't know! The cashier strides into the room and pulls her to her feet. She tries to pick up her pod, but the cashier tugs her away from it. Leave that rotting piece of meat here. It's done its job. Let it die. But my game! My game's inside it. I don't want my game to die. The cashier unslings his submachine gun, cocks it, and blows the pod into streaks of slime, flesh, and slivers of insect- board. Geller is in shock. Pikul turns her to face him, speaks' forcefully right into her face, shuts everything else out. Everybody out! now! The three of them scramble out into the fiery night. Up here. We can see everything from here. The victory of Realism. And you were part of it. The death of eXistenZ. And we were part of it. The cashier turns on her with his gun. He snaps out his old clip and slams home a new one. He cocks the gun. There's just one more thing. How could you be? How could Allegra Geller, the world's premiere game designer, be on our side? (off their bewildered There. You see what I mean. You see the problem. You didn't get here in time. My game is dead. You murdered my game. You copied eXistenZ? You're a spy for Cortical Systematics. Only from Antenna Research. (referring to cashier) You know, this guy was actually going to kill me. Vinokur looks to Pikul for support. C'mon, Pikul. He's only a game character. And I didn't like the way he was messing with my mind. He was only a game character. (confused, childlike) Huh? If... if we... we're not? Why? Not an accident? Pikul hefts the submachine gun in his hands. That's why you never had a bioport. You were one of them. But you have a bioport now. I thought that was forbidden to Anti-eXistenZialists. Why would you do that? Then. understand this. Geller produces a tiny electronic remote controller from the pocket of her shirt. Understand that I suspected who you were from the moment you made that fake phone call to yourself in the limo. Understand that I knew you were my real assassin when you pointed the gun at me in the Chinese restaurant. She flicks up a safety cover on the remote's tip, revealing a toggle switch. Pikul's hands tense around the submachine gun. And understand that you're dead. Geller flips the toggle switch. The base of Pikul's spine blows out, his shirt billowing with blood as his bioport explodes. Death to the demon Ted Pikul! His eyes frozen in a death stare, Pikul falls, rolls down the hill into the underbrush. Smoke creeping up from the fires below curls over him like a blanket. Arms raised in the air, Geller dances around on the top of the hill, looking down on the flames and the chaos. (confident, laughing) Have I won the game? Have I won? Have I won? The hill, the trees, the flames melt down around her. Wow. Anybody here want a bowl of hot and sour soup? are some insect boards in the It seemed like days. That's fantastic. The twists and turns at the end made my head spin. Maybe there were too many, to fast to absorb. (to Pikul and Geller) Hey, but you two were fantastic. You guys are game divas! I think you both deserved to win. There is general agreement amongst the garners about this compliment to Pikul and Geller. The pair just smile sweetly and bob their heads modestly at the smattering of applause. (a little jealous) Well me, I was really bummed out at first. I got knocked out of the game so soon. It was fun to watch the rest, though. I liked that part where the ones who got knocked out of the game early got to be spooky customers in the game store. But you were so wonderfully bad. So scary and crazy. I had a lot to do in that first scene in the church but I thought my character was kind of boring. Well, you know, I'm a gas-jockey in real life, so I was kind of disappointed that I was basically the same thing in the game. A little more fantasy, there, fellers. I'd just like to say thank you to Mr. Nourish for giving me the chance to play the role of a star designer. I guess the game picked up on my ambitions to be like you. I guess you all could tell that Ted and I had a relationship prior to our coming here. We really do like to play together. Wild applause from all garners, including Geller and Pikul. Yevgeny, don't you think you should suffer for all the harm you've done, and intend to do, to the human race? Death to the demon Yevgeny Nourish! No, wait, you don't have to shoot me. I just wanted to ask you a question. _ What? Hey, tell me the truth. Are we still in the game? Pikul and Geller look at each other, then into the camera. The church melts down around them into blackness. 