And how the hell are we going to do that? How much more do they need than your death at his hands? It's not, baby. Just a matter of minutes now, before somebody pulls the trigger -- -- bullshit -- -- Price killed her, there's no other explanation -- Not yet. It's complicated. But don't worry -- -- or might turn out to be -- very big surprise -- that Jenzen girl. The little bitch has the right stuff. She nearly put a bullet in Price right after your "demise." "But you didn't, Ma'am. We have all these witnesses that saw..." well, whoever it ends up being that finally shoots him -- Still alive, but it's just a matter of time. And then will come your miraculous resurrection -- Convinced all those that needed convincing: you're an official dead lady. Easy. You've got to keep still for a bit, the last thing we need is a coronary. I'm confused. Not too big on it myself -- but then again, not on marriage either. If that's the fact, Price, okay, you've had your fun -- now open the goddamn -- If you don't calm the hell down I'm gonna strap you in for electro-shock! Jesus H. Christ! Why in God's name wasn't this thing removed years ago?? Pritchett, take it down a couple hundred decibels, what is your problem? I'm moved beyond words. More of Price's spook-house bullshit. If you don't mind me asking... Who are you? Don't think it'll be a problem. Now what do we do? We've got to hold him somewhere 'til the police -- No. I'm going back to try and find Ms. Marr. If she's hurt, I'll tend to her. Dead, then I'm coming back for him. Something just must've...frightened her, that's all. Oh, for chrissake -- More to the point. Where's our host? If there really is someone else in this house, I think the four of us can handle the situation. Oh, really: who? -- what was he doing here? I'm sorry -- I don't know!! Accidents. Fatal. Each of your prior wives, so we've been informed. Three times, to be exact. Is she alright? Ms. Marr! There must be some other way out. I got an engraved -- literally -- invitation -- with my name -- Donald W. Blackburn, M.D. What are you playing here, Price? I'll stay, if it'll ease your mind. -- I did: down here. Yeah, me too. Put it this way: if it's your face on that tape, Mr. Moses, we're one gunshot away from solving all our problems -- If this is someone's idea of a joke -- Nice touch, Pritchett: subtle.You sure? You'll be alright by yourself? Shouldn't somebody like, stand guard or something -- just in case? And I think that's case -- Yeah, what the hell, I'll go. -- fuck you! This thing's going nowhere. As a tumor. Pritchett! Pritchett, is that you? If you know where it is, get there! It's not going to let us out! What? Oh. Jesus. How's a goddamn building gonna send out invitations? Shit, Pritchett!!! What's down there? -- of this place, goddamnit, Pritchett! Hey! Where'd you guys go? Did it work? So you're saying as long as that door stays locked, we're okay? What is it? What's in there? What's in there? -- well, let's hear it for small miracles -- So, what? You're saying we're stuck here the rest of our lives? You said that was an accident. You're totally full of shit, aren't you? 'Less the place really is haunted. I wanna know first: to what do I owe this honor? I mean, I never even heard of this guy. -- closed. -- the stained glass -- Oh, Jesus.... Prove it. Best of a nightmare. Take the gun. This is nuts. And we get this money when? Jesus! Better put it on hold 'til we find Pritchett. You okay? What -- Where did it go? It's succeeding! For chrissake give me a hand! What -- Don't think it's even an issue. It's okay, everything's okay now. Price!! This is the best we're gonna do. That's crazy! Wait a minute... What are you saying? Better living through electricity. What are you looking for? Good point. I think we should have taken a right back there. -- you lose either way, Price -- -- that's the fact, bud -- -- not a chance -- there's too much weirdness down there I don't think even bullets are gonna stop. No prob: I'll just hop down the hardware store -- Sure, with three days and a blowtorch. You hear somebody? And then where are we? What the hell good is fixing that gonna get us? How you gonna manage that with a new blow-hole in your dome? Well, she went somewhere! She didn't just up and disappear into thin air! Not in the movie biz. So, c'mon, gimme the truth. Most of my business is making deliveries to high rollers. And I have yet to meet one Executive who could tie their own shoes -- let alone rewire an entire house. You don't fit the bill -- not even close. I don't think so... Start with the name you were born with, and we'll work forward from there. Most fun I've had all day. Why? I'm better than that. I thought she was dead. For sure. Then what the hell are we doing here? Eddie Moses, Communications Attache -- which translated from ancient bullshit means: I work for a Messenger service. So, what? The thing with the glass? Price did that? Cheer up: before the night's through, I'm sure one of us'll get hacked to pieces by somebody or something. You've got your own TV show? ...Jesus H. Christ.Are you still fucking <b>here</b>?? And here's your goddamn severance! -- well, here's a better one: you're fired. You think this is fucking funny?? -- being utterly fucking useless, what else is new. You didn't think to ask? Well, who's the damn thing from ?I think one of you has been part and parcel of making this situation! Didn't catch his or her name, just followed them down here. Somebody all in white surgical gown. Running all the bells and whistles we set up to scare hell out of everybody -- Upstairs, too. Come with me, I'll show you another body, a friend of mine named Schecter -- -- she's not dead! Just have to get her heart pumping aqain! Where is it?? Can't imagine by who. I don't suppose the truth would interest you: that I've never had another wife but Evelyn. Excuse me? Even if I were inclined, I've had better -- and a lot safer -- opportunities to kill off a wife. What? Melissa! Well, until that's found, I think it's a good idea we all stick together. Or wouldn't that fit into your plans, baby? -- I'm sure you did. You're not my list. Just for the record: what are the rest of your names? A very, very scary game. But then look at the bright side: if there's only one of you still upright at dawn, you'll be leaving here with five million dollars in your pocket. Pritchett, you're not joining this necktie party? -- yeah, we did that -- Adrenaline -- in your bag, Blackburn, you must have -- Prove it how? Married. Once. Same woman. All these years. She just slithered up the stairs. Evelyn, could you just zip it for a moment? It looks like we're stuck here 'til morning -- let's make the best of it. I'll meet you down there. Yeah. But, hey, anybody who's not "comfortable" with the rules, you're free to walk, anytime. Seven digits poorer, goes without saying. The second the sun hits tomorrow morning. Assuming you have stayed the entire night - and you're still alive, of course. Any other questions? Right here, Mr. Pritchett. As well as five other bona fide, bank drafts for one million dollars each. Made out to cash. Evelyn... Get up... NOW! No... -- witnesses to what? You're already dead, Evelyn! Happy Birthday, baby -- -- just what you wanted everyone here to believe in the first place: I'm going to murder you, Evelyn, with the greatest of pleasure -- -- anything, sweetheart, you need only speak -- They weren't loaded when I put them in there! Jesus! -- that wasn't my original plan, but it is starting to look more attractive -- If I had one, Evelyn, I think you know who'd be first and last -- -- I pose you the same question -- Asking the wrong person again. Where is she? A simple leak, if it's okay with you. Only one way I can think of, Sweetheart. What are you talking about? -- in the act. Oh, no-no-no -- much more bang for everyone's buck to nail the bitch -- Huh. And here I had a completely different theory. -- asking the wrong guy -- wasn't me who closed it. Now, there's the simple country gal I married. Let's go back down and greet your guests -- show them the real you: corny as Kansas on the Fourth of July. I know. -- just not always in the sexual sense. You know everything you do gets me hot. You know how happy I'd be if that was really true, Evelyn? And how positively goddamn delirious if you weren't fucking every living thing in our area code at the same goddamn time! Finding ways for me to die at these things is really your deal, isn't it? The "O.J." knife with the not-quite- retractable blade? Your "Jim Jones Kool- Aid" that was exactly that? Sure know it wasn't me. And if you say it wasn't you -- then who the hell did, Evelyn? You tell me. I don't know how you managed to hack into my Mac, but: bravo. Well, not quite. See, those people down there: they aren't the ones I invited. Shredded. Sorry. Decided to whip up one of my own: a group so hungry for money that they'd be willing to do anything. I thought you'd be more comfortable with your peers. Oh, I think we're going to have several. You shouldn't be -- you were nearly just killed, sweetheart. And now that our birthday girl is finally here, let the games begin! I'm impressed: I don't think Evelyn's ever said those words to anything with genitalia. -- forget it. Last birthday the Manson Family Ranch, the year before that: Jonestown. Maybe if I -- Like what?? This isn't supposed to be happening!! I've designed and built six of these places -- take my word for it, everything's fine. I wouldn't be opening this place tomorrow if every single thing down to the beheaded Beanie Babies hadn't tested 100% safe. I think it's something better experienced then described. Ever seen one that starts at the top? 20 stories worth of top? Absolutely. No cheap thrills. A genuine Journey To The Brink Of Madness. My wife. Where were we? He was right! Pritchett was right! Or somebody wanting me to believe that. Thank God -- I was afraid I'd be lynched without a quorum. I think, Pritchett, we've got a situation here that even you can't explain away as "ghosts." This is ice- cold homicide by person -- or persons -- What? Must be those plates -- interfering with the signal somehow. -- even if I give you a million as well? I think you're gonna miss the bash of a lifetime -- Sorry, Pritchett, here you go. Alright, Mr. Pritchett, let me just sign the damn thing. She's been marked for it. The House does that. Happened to Pritchett's father. Likely happen to you all. Isn't that what you told me, Mr. Pritchett? Please! I need your help. Then tell me, please -- help me...! -- listen to me, goddamnit -- -- I'll take the chance, come morning and cops, I'll be proved right -- Don't test me, I'm real prepared to use this to stay alive -- Well, I can't, sweetheart. Then just wait -- maybe this whoever's got you next on the Asylum's equipment- test list. Maybe a literal mind-blow inside the "Saturation Chamber." I was chasing after somebody I saw in the salon. Not just yet. Would any of you be interested in knowing exactly why I ended up here in the basement? I was upstairs! -- no -- that's when everything went ragtime -- whoever else is in this house has been doing everything since -- I thought it was Evelyn -- I think I'll do what I damn well please. Something with the power, I don't know!! I'll try not to remember to warn Evelyn. Sorry. -- I wouldn't worry, Ms. Jenzen: the unexplainable will probably explain herself before too long. In the meantime, let's all relax, have a drink, the evening's young -- Very good. Well, I think I can say with complete honesty: I've never heard of any of you. Oh, sorry. Detail I guess I forgot to mention. You die, you lose. Your check gets divvied-up by those still amongst the living. You're forgetting my lovely wife; she's part of the same winner-take-all as the rest of you. Don't take your eyes off her for a second. I think she just declared War. No. Somehow -- I don't know how -- she did it. It works. Then who did?? Rewind that. I mean, not that it didn't give Evelyn the kind of coronary I had in mind, just... -- hey! Next time give me a couple seconds notice before you wing a gag like that! So disengage his Flail Arm Mechanism and just make him a screamer. Problem where? Looked good to me. Evelyn, go stir your cauldron or something for a sec.Oh dear. It was on my Dad's list of "things to do." But the House did him first. Problem? No problem -- just want to get my money and get on home -- you know, things to see, people to do? Mr. Price? Mrs. Price? Somebody? Hello?? Part of the original structure. When it was still an asylum. Guy who ran the place -- Dr. Vannacutt -- found it "inspirational." From some German cathedral a million years ago: "Driving the Demons From the Mind." Not at all! Name's Pritchett. Watson Pritchett. I own the house, my father built it. And now I just need to get you into it. So... Over here! Up here -- Me? You've gotta be kidding. Hail Mary, full of grace -- the house is growing! Okay -- I'll admit it: I'm totally, clinically insane. But I'm still the only one who actually got a check tonight. It's yours -- if you just get me the hell out of here now. Uhhhh... Poor Mr. Price -- What's life, anyway? Waves...? Sound...? Light...? Electricity...? I don't know... Phone lines...? Price didn't make the guest list... The house did. It wants vengeance. The...Fourth of July. Yes. Left, goddamnit! New wrinkle on an old theory for treating schizophrenia. 19th Century, I think: what would drive a sane man mad should make a madman sane. The Vannacutt version was: bombard the patient with aural and visual stimuli far more frightening than any hallucination they could ever produce, it'd traumatize 'em back to "normalcy." Hell NO!! The House will kill ya! The Soul of the House. Everything that's corrupt about it... My father trapped it in there just before he died. You see, he purchased the house to restore it... We were going to live here... Nothing can live here. I was just a kid... The first time I saw it, I thought it was beautiful... It was just a dark mist turning into the corner of the room... then it started to move... then death started to happen... First the workers.. six in all... then my father... Nothing. -- but I imagine we'll all be mutilated beyond recognition by then. A cleaning crew's supposed to arrive at 9:30 tomorrow morning -- I think the power of the house fades at dawn. I lied. The House is alive and we're all gonna die. You'll never know 'til you walk through that door! Nonsense! Just bad press. All the deaths that occurred inside -- my own father's included -- all perfectly normal fatal accidents. I'm just the Greeter -- and in that capacity, I now urge you all strongly to -- I am. Vannacutt!! -- then I guess then it had to be you. Sorry. House 2, Guests 0. I remember...it was a long time ago...my father said: when the House was finally completed, make sure...we-christen-it- with-this-bottle-of-dirt-cheap-champagne- that-should-still-be-in a cupboard somewhere! I think...I may have the answer. Not the plates: the House. Why is no one listening to me?? It's alive! And once it's made up its mind, it won't let anything out. Wouldn't know what to do with it all -- -- my loss -- -- it's getting older by the second. Mr. Price, if I could just please have -- I'm ready now. I can't remember at the moment. -- ten. He must've unsealed the room! Oh, dear. He would have been back by now. Blackburn's dead. I thought you understood.... It's the souls of Vannacutt's dead... The insanity... The horror... Victims burned alive... All that pain percolating somewhere in the house for seventy-some years... ...singing this will be the day that I die... This will be the day that I.... This? This is nothing. You've only been dealing with the House itself. You have no idea what you're tinkering with. Sooner or later, the darkness that is at the core will get out... One of you will release it... Not meaning to, of course... then... ...Bye, bye, Miss American Pie... Accumulated evil... festering for decades... But I'm a drunk... so don't listen to me. Not ghosts... at least not what you're thinking... Vannacutt used to dump the bodies of his failed experiments somewhere in the house... I said we shouldn't come down here. Very treacherous -- physical and metaphysical levels, both. There've been no refurbishments to this part of the house -- it's exactly as it was in 1931. You'll never find it, it's a maze down there. The basement -- but, believe me, you don't want to go down there. Believe me, we need to. Won't do any good. Hasn't been a telephone in this House in over 60 years. Don't know that it does. Oh, no. I can't comment until I get paid. He must've beaten us all here! Wish I could take the credit, but -- It better be -- he still owes me $25 grand for renting the place for the night! Here, let's get you some illumination so you can make your way safely!Pretty amazing feat: all that shit down the basement and your wife's up in the bedroom the whole time. Maybe it was just its time to finally fall apart. No idea. I didn't even know the damn thing still worked! I was just sitting here -- it happened. I had nothing to do with it. -- it wasn't me. The lockdown thing. "Dummy 6" keeps losing his arm. Houston, I think we may have a problem.-- something horrible...I don't understand -- Something....happened -- Sara...? For the love of God....please...? Please.....anyone....help me? Over here.