Go!!! Jesus. About twelve more yards. Keep coming just like that. I might get a shot. Please . I'll have sex with you, anything, but get out of the water. C'mon Hector. I know you're crazy but you can't-- So why are we landing ? Hector . Why are we landing? It seems like we're getting lower. Thank you.I'm trying !!! No . If you don't kill him instantly, I'm dead and you'll only kill him instantly if you get his brain, which is about the size of a cherry. And even if you were on target, a bullet might not penetrate his hide. He's not gonna hurt me . I need to see his habitat. 'Cause this is the cove he obviously lives in. It happens when I land. And law enforcement, such dangerous work. The idea that you could die suddenly with no offspring, disconcerting, let's mate, commit your genes to perpetuity. You're a beautiful woman. I don't know! I see blood. Maybe you got him, Hank. No! Forget about him being God, he's thirty feet long, he is a miracle of nature, who somehow made his way to Maine. This is a grand beast. A grand dragon . An attempt should at least be made to capture him alive. So profound and fat. Then do it!! That sounds good but underneath it's hurtful. Nightcap? Sobek. Half man, half croc, oldest God-- Just spit him back out. Some shall live, some shall die, arbitrarily, sound like any higher power we know? What's that? Bite my bishop . Maybe he doesn't play well with others. Obviously some asshole in Hong Kong flushed him down a toilet. Promise you won't kill me, first. This is a setback. I used to have this recurring nightmare that I was headless. Whenever somebody dies I consider it such a waste that I didn't know him better. Was he a good man? No thank you, but maybe later you can chew the bark off my big fat log. What I'm saying is if it's a crocodile that cut a man in half he would have to be over twenty feet which would make him well over a hundred years old, it would be unthinkable to destroy him. Crocodiles don't sever with their teeth, their molars are blunt. No crocodile has ever-- They don't really attack underwater and-- This could end up saving your life,-- I keep telling you, they can come on land, I don't wanna wake up in the middle of the night-- I'm laying a spring trap! What are you doing?! Jesus Christ!! Deep down, gut check. I'm growing fond of you and it's liberating to say so. And you like me. Could she stay, we've tentatively scheduled intercourse. They come on land and they're brazen. They're also attracted to noise, you can see I make a lot of it. Cocktail? Species, keystones affect the entire ecosystem, that could explain all these worms, the water. You've got a crocodile. Bury your friend. Well, you've got a croc alright, they're keystone species. If he's eaten in the area, he shouldn't be far away. Crocs hang around the food source. They can survive winter. As long as their nostrils don't freeze, they survive, am I foolish to explain things, he had such trouble with my name? They have saltwater glands, they can swim across oceans, it's only a matter of time. C'mon, we're losing light, why does the big one heckle me? They've been migrating north, Kelly, this lake connects to the ocean,-- I apologize, I just don't want to lose the light, we've got time for a quick scout, you've had work done. I'll need any and all topographic studies. Women's intuition. Are there anymore? You talk to Bickerman? No . Look. He's got nothing left. Where is he? Thank you, Jack. Radar, he's underwater. But he's definitely coming. Thirty meters or so. Moving slow, but straight toward Elsie. I got something on the screen. You ready on shore? Right. That's actually the easy part. We both know what they'll do. Jack. We've all seen it. He's probably a hundred and fifty years old, he's bigger than an elephant. Look. I know I'm crazy, but when they come, they will kill it. They have to, politically, he's too dangerous, if something were to go wrong... the odds are he will be destroyed,-- I have enough flaxedil with me to put him out. And I think I know a way to-- Let's not overlook he didn't eat me, maybe-- Bastard bit my chopper. He never said "go". At school they'd always say "go" first. And Hank. I know you weren't really trying to hit him. He's gonna live? Guess I finally got bit. I'm okay. We lure him on land and pump him with the drugs. They won't. He's taken human life, the mission will be to put him down. They're not going to be able to snag him in pitmans. Tranq him in water, he drowns. Could we have intercourse? Yes. You may. But maybe... I don't know... Eh. Fuck it. Didn't even sound good? I'm an empty man, Kelly, wealth has robbed me of the dream in life, I sit here broken, a hollow sack-- With crocodiles... everything's even. Nothing's real. I'm rich, people are automatically my friends, sycophants ooze out like oil slicks and and and-- Nothing's real. You think I'm that nuts? I'm a civilian! You don't have any authority-- Are you sure? As if. Will you miss me? Two years married, divorced, used to be a lawyer, quit, I'm still waiting on his sperm count. And what if I tranq him Kelly? He drowns. You think about that? Such the flirt. What's going on? 'Cept he wasn't before, was he? You know, when friends or family members say things, they tend not to register so sometimes it helps to hear it from a total stranger. You're fat. Even so, you're allowed to boast. You look thin by the way, I've mentally undressed you, I can see your ribcage. If he's here, I'll find him. Did she tell you we had sex together? That hurt my feelings.We won't let him get hurt, Ma'am. He just appeared . You have no idea how he arrived in this lake? You killed him. Mrs. Bickerman, the reason we're up here... a man was fatally attacked yesterday by some animal in this lake. Do you know how your husband died? Just those two. She didn't tell us about the other croc 'cause she was afraid we'd blow it's head off. You take care. Yeah and every time we think there's no more danger-- Tranq guns down, rifles up! You shoot on my order. If he charges, I'll be yelling "go" which means drivers take off. And drive fast, they can move on land. You set? Almost here, Hector. Don't forget to lift up the cow. Okay. Lead him in. Okay, everybody up on the trucks. We aim for the stomach or side... there's little chance the darts will pierce his hide. Everybody up on the trucks . Can you confirm visually or just radar? Where? Where? You do? We're ready. The more he thrashes, the better. Keep enough tension to hold him up, Hector, we don't know if he can swim. And again. How would you get him on land? So maybe Wildlife will try to save him, they're more equipped to-- No way. Forget it . Well, you can try talking them into that, if-- 'Cause he just ate a cow, you stupid-- Hey!! This time, I'm gonna kick your ass. Get the gun. Get your big gun and guard the shore. Hector. Go to your tent. That was... y'know if the guy asks me can she kiss, now I'll be able to tell him if you can. Worth a try. We don't wanna be alone forever, do we? So I was thinking... maybe if I met anybody in my world who was good for you and if you know somebody in New York good for me, we could fix each other up. Yeah, I thought about that as I was driving... and... I haven't found somebody in my world. You found anyone in yours? It was... something meeting you. Y'know, if we didn't live in separate worlds and... If I'm ever in New York... You sure? I don't mind... You wanna ride in my truck? Get him onto shore. I don't care. Hank. End it. Back us in a little, we need to get a shot! Take him. Keep firing! You wouldn't? Hector. He doesn't seem to be swimming. Is he swimming? He looks like a giant tea bag. It can't work. We've got a cow hanging from a helicopter. Are we crazy? We might as well pack. Just heard from Wildlife and Florida Fish And Game. They should be here by four. No ! You might think they're Godly, you might get some spiritual lift backstrokin' with dragons but you just put a deputy at risk and-- You wanna kill yourself, that it, you looking to commit some kind of divine suicide? Look. Calm down . Calm down. Really-- Okay. Okay. Okay. You're mushing it a little around the-- Maybe. Don't mush it. I heard something. Ssssh! We could not say it and... Well, that thing is ambulatory if you want somebody in your tent to... Well. Goodnight. Thanks for the... bandaid. That's why you're here. To get in the middle of something? You're having the best time of your life, aren't you? Thank you. No thanks. Who taught you be be a nurse? Ow . Shit. Sorry. Let's get away from the shore. I couldn't believe... did you see the size of that thing's mouth? Like little children. You okay? But why Maine and why alone? Crocs are social, why's this guy on the move by himself? Just forget it. I was trying to pay you a compliment, I was guising it as science 'cause I know you're comfortable in that arena. Science. I didn't say it like that. Forgive me for trying to be nice. I'm saying between the moonlight, a beautiful lake and a monster that bites heads off... you look good. When you get scared, the brain releases a chemical, same chemical it releases when somebody's... in high school, the thing to do was to take the girl to a scary movie. You know they say the brain confuses fear for passion. I thought I might track the shoreline tomorrow, look for prints. Are you okay? Police want to keep it quiet, if the press gets word... lake monster. They just want us to sit tight. No. U.S. Wildlife is on their way. You okay? Kelly? Good. See ya soon. He thinks they're what? 'Night. Okay. We're up at six. I'm sorry but you're... You flew up here because your boss-- It's too dangerous for-- Whatever's out there did flip over a canoe-- Listen, uh... Hank and I think it best if you stay on shore. What are you doing? He could be right there and you wouldn't see him. If one could be out there... why does Fish And Game tell me it's impossible? Baby crocs? Well until we see it, we're not gonna be convincing too many people. Same thing from Fish And Game. In Maine? Who? What? Well. You don't have to stay out here , why don't-- You don't like tents, mosquitos, look at your fingernails, you have about as much business being in the woods-- And even if they did , I doubt he or she would have problems with tents . The Museum of Natural History doesn't send out investigators to-- Why are you here? Really. Never been to Maine before? Hank says he's sure. Big but... a bear couldn't do that to a moose or man in water . On land maybe. But... Ma'am, your first impression isn't going well. Did you make anything of the tooth? Jack Wells. A museum sent you? You too. Don't count on it. We better take him out. Hector. Do not move . If you get a safe shot... Where is he?! Even if we could tranq him-- how would we get him on land. You gotta be kidding . They won't be here till at least noon. We got a few hours to kill. Get back from the shore. We know how fast he can leap out. You said nobody came in here! Hank. The little cannon you brought, get it. Guard the shoreline. Otherwise, we're done. We made the I.D., our job is finished. They look like they're jumping. Are they feeding? What's that? You gonna dig up that lady's husband? Let's go. We set?Go ahead. You're to wait right here until the police show, you're under full house arrest. Ma'am, how could you not report this? He puts human life at risk and-- Ma'am. Your husband, Bernie. You didn't, by any chance, lead him to the lake blindfolded? Oh, but you have , Ma'am. You lied to us, that could be obstruction of justice. A man's been killed in part 'cause of your silence, I could make out a charge of reckless endangerment and I'm sure PETA would be annoyed at how you treat your cows. And how would you have accomplished this, Ma'am? My department doesn't have any record of that, Mrs. Bickerman. Where is he?! I just have this feeling everything's totally safe. Gee, that would really disappoint me. You probably do want to be killed by it, that was you trying to meet your maker. I can arrest you!! Raincheck. I'm tired, Hector. I know this because you're beginning to not bug me. He didn't eat the kid cause he'd just swallowed a bear. It came from across the lake. Is everything a big fucking joke to you? Asia? How... how could he get here? I have no interest in ever looking at you, Hector. Could you please cut me down? You don't want to cut me down. 'Cause I'll kill you. His head was just... bitten off. Yup. I brought a pork chop, maybe we could hang it around your neck for luck. Is this a trick? Again. Not to be disruptive. Do we have a problem with it dying? That "Walt" guy got hit underwater-- Again, I don't mean to be annoying with my questions. But if it is a crocodile which I don't think it is. And if they do charge these baby hatchling sounds... why exactly would you want to be underwater at the time? With you it makes sense. I coulda shot you, you-- A spring trap! You're crawling around like a-- What the hell are you doing?!! I do not like you. You listen to me. The only reason I'm letting you be part of this is 'cause you got the helicopter and the radar-- No!! Out! Everybody out, back to your tents, now ! No !! What's with digging the holes? We are here on official business. Keystone what? We'd only just met. Around here. Yeah. And what would he do come winter? I really don't mean to be discourteous. But how is it a person could come to believe that a crocodile is in New England? Mr. Cyr! Wait just a second. You don't just fly in here and start barking orders. -- Who is he ? Thanks for your help. He's done. He's dying. I'll take it! I can't. I'll get Hector!! Other than to eat us? Now I'm gonna puke. So does he. We shouldn't even really be doing this. Obviously I was wrong! Alright, Ms. Paleontologist. I wanna know why that monster is here. You got a theory? Doesn't look like it. White perch. I'll call the coroner. Half mile up, there's a clearing. I'm ready when you are. Ready. A museum in New York sent us some additional back up. I guess. Should I? I don't know. Back the truck-- That it's about to go wrong. They're coming right in. She's worried about the cow now. What? Look. He said he knew Karate! Other than feeling slightly embarrassed, I'm perfectly fine. Could you cut me down? Yes. Are you alright? I don't know. It was like a tug. Something tugged us. Hector, Jack, we show you with about twelve minutes of oxygen left, and you're on the last tank. Time to go home. I'm just curious. I can never tell what women think is handsome. Is he handsome? You think Jack's handsome? Hector thinks you like him. You like Jack? And that's why he thinks they're Godly? Was that like a homo-sexual remark? Why does everybody insult my intelligence, I have intelligence, intelligent people eat Twinkies. Is this 'spose to make me take him more serious? Apologize ? They don't believe her. With what? I just let go of it. Hey!! I thought I saw... What the hell? I told you. Two days, we'd have to camp. The tents were sent ahead, they should already be set-up. They wanted to call it Lake Placid. But somebody said that name was taken. Was he swallowed? You're sort of a rude person. Lightweight Forward Area air device unit. Whatever's out there, one shot with this and he's dead. I got nothing against-- Sorry. I'm just a little unclear as to why the Museum of Natural History would send somebody here. We ? Not yet. Nobody lives within twenty-five miles, 'cept some old couple who live right on the lake. Teenagers trek in every once in a while, none have disappeared, and none have spotted anything unusual. Yes. Seconds. Three, four. This is a little different. Have you ever seen a dead body before, Ms. Scott? I wouldn't. That's where they keep them. You want me to bring the tooth out here? Yes. The lake was dead calm until up he came. The tooth is in there. He just kinda gurgled. He was pretty much dead. He just came up screaming.Kelly -- It has nothing to do with-- Well on this one I'd like you to be. Part of our research-- Kelly-- I'd like you to check out this lake. See-- I'm sure it's nothing, but you're a paleontologist, this is what we do, I-- I want you to go there. A tooth they say couldn't have come from any bear. They say it looks prehistoric. Like maybe a dinosaur. This is business. There was an accident in Maine, some guy got killed by something in a lake. Probably a bear, but... they found a tooth. Hey. It's ten after nine. A jerk. Else. The somebody else part? I know and I thought I could handle it but work and pleasure along with somebody else, it's a dangerous mix. You work for me. I'm not comfortable with-- y'know, "us"... I had a great time last night. Again. Hi. Listen. Could I steal you a second? Kelly.Shitbutt? Liar? Backstabber? Kelly-- It wasn't suppose to happen, I don't know what to say... It was just a quick thing which we thought was over, and and... It started before you, Kelly, I never would've-- Well... he didn't have to tell me that part. Kevin told me you were upset. Wild guess. I tapped you.