HEY FUCK YOU DON WATCH IT NOW. No need for braces, Donnie. How are you paying tor the braces, Donnie? Don, you got hit by lightning that time in Tahoe, you went on vacation, I don't think braces is a good idea -- Your teeth are straight. What surery?Jimmy you look like you're about to fuckin' die right here -- Call 911, Mary, do it right now. no, no, c'mon Jimmy we need to call this quits and you need to see a doctor. Call 911. Call 911 right now. C'mon, Jimmy, snap up, snap up -- You okay? huh? Jimmy? These adults are tough enough, I think you'll be surprised -- the Mexican's a bit of a question mark -- You ok? You smell like trouble --Ok. Janet you have Phil Parma -- Nothing's wrong, I just got some guy on the phone on my other line, he's says he works for this guy, this guy who's Frank's father -- Hey, Janet, it's Chad. Thank you. Thank you very much. Alright, so I'm gonna transfer you over to Frank's assitant, Janet she's gonna see what she can do -- Sure is. So why call me? It was scary though. Oh, she's fine. My mother had breast cancer. What kind of Cancer? Well I'm not sure why you're calling me. Uh-huh. Why don't they have the same last name? They don't have the same last name. I'm here, I'm listening. Well what's the situation? I'm really only equipped to take orders -- It is. Can I have your home phone number with area code?-- what kind? Diet Coke. -- can I get you? Hello. You're back again, huh?I - just - thought - that - I - didn't want - I - didn't - I - didn't - DAD. DADDY, FUCK, DADDY, DON'T GET MAD AT ME. DON'T GET MAD AT ME -- JUST GIMME YOUR MONEY. We gotta get his money so we can get outta here -- we gotta -- DAD -- GIVE US YOUR MONEY, KID. GIVE US YOUR MONEY. BULLSHIT, BULLSHIT DAD WE GOTTA GET HIS MONEY -- GIVE US YOUR MONEY MAN. BULLSHIT. BULLSHIT, DAD WE NEED TO GET HIS MONEY AND GO. C'mon, Dad. We gotta just GET HIS MONEY AND GO, LET'S GO. Let's get the money -- LET'S GO, LET'S GO, LET'S GET HIS MONEY AND GO -- DID YOU GET HIS MONEY? DID YOU GET IT? DID YOU GET HIS MONEY, DAD? DADDY! DAD! DAD WHAT THE HELL IS GOIN' ON? -- I told you who did it and you're not listening to me. Did you listen to me? Now that shit will help you SOLVE the case. Check that ego - come off it - I'm the profit - the proffesor Ima teach you 'bout The Worm, who eventually turned to catch wreck with the neck of a long time oppressor And he's runnin from the devil, but the debt is always gaining And if he's worth being hurt, he's worth bringin' pain in - When the sunshine don't work, the Good Lord bring the rain in. I'm almost done. -- livin' to get older with a chip on your shoulder 'cept you think you got a grip, cauze you hip gotta holster? Ain't no confessor, so busta, you best just Shut The fuck up, try to listen and learn -- Presence - with a double ass meaning gifts I bestow, with my riff, and my flow but you don't hear me though think fast, catch me, yo cause I throw what I know with a Resonance - fo'yo'trouble-ass fiend in weenin yo-self off the back of the shelf Jackass crackas, bodystackas dicktootin niggas, masturbatin' yo trigga butcha y'all just fake-ass niggas -- C'mon, man, just watch me, watch and listen -- I ain't fuckin with you -- Not yet -- "give you the clue for the bust if you show me some trust --" I'm a rapper. I can help you solve the case, I can tell you who did it. No. Leave this one to the detectives, they ain't gonna solve shit, I can help you, make you the man with a plan, give you the gift that I flow -- think fast -- you wanna know who killed that guy? Tell me what you know, I'll tell you what I know -- Nope. So what'd they find out in there? No school today. My teacher got sick. You wanna take my statement, I'll perform for you, gotta get paid though, gotta get PAID. I'm trained, I'm ready to go, you wanna buy some candy to help underprivelaged youth in the -- Put me on the payroll, find out, find out wassup -- How much you pay me for my help?Yeah, I'm here, I'm off the elevator, walking down the hall, now -- I'm about to get off the elevator -- What happend? I'm walking towards the elevator's, Janet. What happend? He's doing the interview with the lady -- What's up?THAT'S NONE OF YOUR BUSSINESS. I HAVE BEEN A GOOD WORKER, A GOOD AND LOYAL WORKER FOR YOU, YOU FUCKING ASSHOLE. I don't know. I can't believe you're gonna do this to me, the situation I'm in, I don't -- Avi: You know what? Being hit by lighting doesn't matter for getting braces, ok? Now Solomon, let me just ask you once: Please. Please. Don't do this. I need corrective oral surgery. I need the braces. Oral surgery. Corrective teeth surgery. It doesn't matter. I want a shot of tequila too. Diet Coke. yeah, yes, hi, hello. -- and you wanna know the common element for the entire group, like he asks...I'll tell you the answer: I'll tell you, 'cause I had that question. I had that same question....Carbon. In pencil led, it's in the form of graphite and in coal, it's all mixed up with other impurities and in the diamond it's in hard form. "Well...all we were asking was the common element, Donnie...but thank you for all that unnecessary knowledge...ahhh, Kids! Full of useless thoughts, eh?" Thank you. Thank you. And the book says: "We may be through with the past but the past is not through with us." And NO IT'S NOT DANGEROUS TO DO THAT. Brad, I know you don't love me now -- You mind your own bussines. I love you. I love you and I'm sick. I'II talk to you....I'll talk to you tommorrow. I'm getting corrective oral surgery tomorrow. For my teeth. For my teeth and for you....for you so we can speak. You have braces. Me too. Me too. I'm getting braces, too. For you. For you, dear Brad. And I don't have any money. And I don't have any money now but I'II get it...I will for you, Brad. I love you, Brad. Brad the Bartender. You wanna love me back? Love me back and I'll be good to you. I'II be god damn good for you. And I won't be mad if you don't know who said what. I won't punish you if you get the answer wrong. I can teach and tell you: Samuel Johnson. That's right. That's the first time you're right. I CONFUSE THE TWO AND I DON'T CARE. I'm sick and I'm in love. I'm sick. You see? I confuse melancholy and depression sometimes.... "If a brick weighs one pound plus one half brick -- how much does the brick weigh?" "Well if subtracting the half of brick from the whole brick you got one half of brick, equals one pound so therefore the brick equals two pounds --" "A little more than kin and less than kind," is Hamlet to Claudius. "The sins of the father laid upon the children," is Merchant of Venice but borrowed from Exodus 20:5 and "win her with gifts if she respects not words," is Two Gentleman from Verona. Where? Who? How and Why, Kids? I used to be smart but now I'm just stupid. Yes they do, they do, but I'll make my dreams come true, you see? I will. -- and lemme tell you this: Samuel Johnson never had his life shit on and taken from him and his money stolen -- who took his life and his money? His parents? His mommy and daddy? Make him live this life like this -- "A man of genius" gets shit on as a child and that scars and it hurts and have you ever been hit by lighting? It hurts and it doesn't happen to everyone, it's an electrical charge that finds it's way across the universe and lands in your body and your head -- and as for "ruined but by himself," not if his parents take his friggin' life and his money and tell you to do this and do that and if you don't? well, what -- "The" cause of dullness in others -- -- Samuel Johnson. I used to be smart but now I'm just stupid. What? You talk in rhymes and riddles and ra...rub-adub --- but that doesn't mean anything to me, see....see...see I used to be smart....I'm Quiz Kid Donnie Smith. I'm Quiz Kid Donnie Smith from the tv -- What? What does that mean? ....do you know who I am? My name is Donnie Smith and I have lot's of love to give. No. I mean, I'm telling you: I'm telling you that I have love. I have love. -- the kind of love that makes you feel that intagible joy. Pit of your stomach. Like a bucket of acid and nerves running around and making you hurt and happy and all over you're head over heels....? Is it real love? Do you have love in your heart? Just throw some money around. Money, money, money. You look like you've got money in your pocket. PLEASE DON'T DO THIS! I've been a good worker, Solomon. A hard and loyal -- I don't know. I've been a good worker -- It's...doesn't matter.... Yes I do. Yes. Braces. Solomon, please. Please. I am so fucked here if you do this. This is the worst timing. The worst timing I could ever imagine. I need to keep working. I have so many debts, so many things, I have, I have, I have -- I have surgery -- I have my oral surgery coming -- I paid you back. I lent my name, my celebrity. Exactly -- I don't have any money, Solomon. If you fire me -- Solomon: I am in the middle of so much. So much in my life and this is -- If you do this, if you fire me: I Am Fucked. I can't really explain much, but please, please, I've worked here for four years, four years I've given you and I'm, I'm, I mean what? I'm sorry I was late. I had a car accident. I accidentaly drove into a seven-eleven. It was not my fault. This is so fucked, Solomon. I don't deserve this. ...please...The job here is to make him as comfortable as possible -- right now -- our job is to just try and make it as painless as possible. Right? You understand? This is the number for Hospice. Ok. Now. As far as the morphine pills go, there is something else to consider that can take the pain away that he is in, there is a very strong and very potent solution of liquid morphine....it's a little bottle, with an eye dropper and it's easy to get in his mouth and drop on his tounge and it will certainly diminish the pain that he is in but you have to realize that once you give it to him; there really is no coming back, I mean, it will certainly cure his pain, but he will float in and out of consciousness, even worse than he is now, Linda. I mean, any sign of the recognizable Earl will pretty much go away -- Ok. Linda: Earl is not gonna make it. He's dying. He is. He is dying very, very rapidly -- Do you wanna sit down? We can fix that, because I can give you -- are you listening? If you're happy with Phil taking care of him and helping you, that's fine, but contact Hospice to arrange for the body -- Phil's one of the nurses from the service? Well that's what Hospice will take care of for you. They will send a nurse, someone who can take care of all of that for you -- I can help you through this the best I know how but there are certain things you are gonna have to be strong about and take care of, now we can go over them, but I need to know that you're listening to me, ok?....getthat on the tv....there... She had cancer...from her...in her stomach and I didn't go anywhere with her...and I didn't do a god thing... for her and to help her....shit...this bitch...the beautiful, beautiful bitch with perfect skin and child bearing hips and so soft...her namewasLilysee? He liked her though he did, his mom, Frank/Jack...he took care of her and she died. She didn't stick with him and he thinks and he hates me, ok...see...I'm...that's then what you get? ....are you still walkin' in that car...? Yeah...So I go to her school for that for grade twelve...and we meet...she was fuckin...like a doll...porcelain doll...and the hips...child bearing hips...y'know that? So beautiful. But I didn't have sex with anyone, you know? I was not...I couldn't do anything...always scared, y'know... she was...she had some boyfriends...they liked her y'know...but I didn't like that. I couldn't get over that I wasn't a man, but she was a woman. Y'see? Y'see I didn't make her feel ok about that....I would say, "How many men you been with?" She told me, I couldn't take it...take that I wasn't a man....because if I hadn't had sex with women...like as many women as she had men...then I was weak...a boy.... But I loved her...you understand? ....well, of course, I wanted to have sex with her...and I did and we were together....we met...age twelve, but then again...age seventeen...something, somethin... I didn't let her forget that I thought she was a bad...a slut.....a slut I would call her and hit her....I hit her for what she did...but we married...Lily and me and we married...but I cheated on her...over and over and over again...because I wanted to be a man and I couldn't let her be a woman...a smart, free person who was something...my mind then, so fuckin' stupid, so fuckin....jesus christ, what would I think...did I think....? ...for what I've done...She's my wife for thirty eight years...I went behind her... over and over...fucking asshole I am that I would go out and fuck and come home and get in her bed and say "I love you..." This'z Jack's mother. His mother Lily...these two that I had and I lost .... and this is the regret that you make...the regret you make is the something that you take...blah...blah...blah... something, something..... Gimme a cigarettee? No, no, the grade...the grade that you're in? She's my love...my life...love of it... In school when you're 12 years old. In school, in six grade....and I saw her and I didn't go to that school...but we met. And my friend knew her...I would say, "What's that girl?" "How's that Lily?" "Oh, she's a bad girl...she sleeps with guys..." My friend would say this....but then sometime...I went to another school, you see? But then...when high school at the end, what's that? What is that? When you get to the end? ...Lily...? Do you know Lily? Phil..do you know her? that'snotmy name...find Lily, gimmme that, give it -- ...find him on the...Frank. His name's Frank Mackey -- This is so boring...so goddamn... and dying wish and all that, old man on a bed...fuck...wants one thing: -- it's not him. it's not him. He's the fuckin' asshole...Phil..c'mere... Jack. I wanna see this...where is he, do you know? ...gimme that fuckin' phone... ...I can't hold onto this anymore... You got it. Do me a personal favor -- ...cocksucker.... Other fuckin' assholes like me. "yeah." the fuck do you know? Time lines, y'know? I remember things but not so -- right there -- y'know? ....I dunn...o....maybe ten...five, fuck, fuck....that's another thing that goes -- ...ah...maybe...yeah...she's a good one... She's a good girl. She's a little nuts, but she's a good girl I think. She's a little daffy. And do good things with her...share the thing...all that bullshit is true, y'know...find someone and hold on all that...Where's Linda? Get a girlfriend. I don't know...I mean, he's around, he's here, in town, y'know, but I don't know...he's a tough one...very.... Do you have a girlfriend, Phil? ...ah... ...no...no goddamn use. I have a son, y'know? Fuckin' bullshit is what this is.-- fuck you. You requested my time and I gave it you, you called me a liar and made accusations. And you say, "If I'd known I wouldn't have asked," then it's not an attack? Well, I don't wanna be the sort of fella who doesn't keep his word. I gave you my time, Bitch. So fuck you now. Time's up. Thank you for the interview. I'm quietly judging you. What am I doing? And that's what you've heard? Go ahead and waste your time. An old stomping ground --is this the "attack" portion of the interview, I figured this was coming sooner or later -- Is "the girl" coming in for the kill? Mm. Hm. I know alotta women and I'm sure she remembers me. I'm not sure I hear a question in there? This is how you wanna spend the time, then go, go, go -- you're gonna be surprised at what a waste it is -- "The most useless thing in the world is that which is behind me," Chapter Three -- Not really. -- there's a lot more important things I'd like to put myself into -- In aid of what? Yes. -- and I try and teach the students to ask: What is it in aid of? Thank you, Muffy. Funny thing is: This is an important element of, "Seduce and Destory:" "Facing the past is an important way in not making progress," that's something I tell my men over and over -- So boring, so useless -- Is that still lingering? Muffy -- coffee? I warned you -- I get on a roll... I just realized this is for television, isn't it? I can't swear up and down like I just did. -- that's right, that's right, and what I'M saying, that none of my competitors can say is this: That there is no need for insight or understanding. Things of the past! Gone, Over, Done. Do you realize how fucking miraculous this is? How fucking razor sharp and cutting edge and ahead of it's time this concept is? I'm talking about eliminating insight and understanding as human values. GOD DAMN I'M GOOD. There is no need for INSIGHT. There is no need for UNDERSTANDING. I have found a way to take any subjective human experience -- in other words -- all the terrible shit or all the great shit that you've had happen to you in your life -- and quickly and easily transform it in the unconscious mind through the subtle and cunning use of language. The "listener-patient" settles into a very light, very delicate, conversationally induced state: NOT A TRANCE, mind you, but a STATE. A state that is brand new. The System's state. What did I do? I REALIZED that concept and put it into practical "get my dick hard and fuck it" use. I'm gonna build a state for the seducer and the seducee to live, vote, breath, pay takes and party 'till dawn. I'm gonna teach methods of language that will help anyone get a piece of ass, tit and tail -- Like I said, yeah -- -- go, go, go. I'm givin' pearls here. And I'II tell you samethin' else: I'm not succeding in the bush because I'm Frank TJ Mackey. If anything, there are women out there that want to destroy me -- it makes it twice as hard for me, I run into some little muffin, knows who I am, knows my schemes and plans -- shit, she's gonna wanna fuck around, prove to her friends, say, "Yaddda-yadda-yadda, I saw that guy, he wasn't anything, didn't get me." So me? I'm runnin' on full throttle the whole fuckin' time. Dodging bullets left and right from terrorist blonde beauties. But I'II tell you this: The battle of the bush is being fought and won by Team Mackey. Can I have a cigarette? Just one look, one hesitation, one subtle gesture for me to know -- And Bing-Bam-Boom I'm away on a tangent -- I get so fuckin' amped at these seminars and lemme tell you why: Because I Am What I Believe. I am what I teach, I do as I say, I live by these rules as religiously as I preach them: And you wanna know what? I'm gettin' pussy left, right, up, down, center and sideways. You got us a room so quick? Are we gonna tape some stuff now? Are you asking me a question? I wouldn't want that to be misunderstood: My enrollment was totally unoffical because I was, sadly, unable to afford tuition up there. But there were three wonderful men who were kind enough to let me sit in on their classes, and they're names are: Macready, Horn and Langtree among others. I was completely independent financially, and like I said: One Sad Sack A Shit. So what we're looking at here is a true rags to riches story and I think that's what most people respond to in "Seduce," And At The End Of The Day? Hey -- it may not even be about picking up chicks and sticking your cock in it -- it's about finding What You Can Be In This World. Defining It. Controling It and saying: I will take what is mine. You just happen to get a blow job out of it, then hey-what-the-fuck- why-not? he.he.he. no, no, no. Certainly not. I wasn't officialy enrolled, that's right. Was that unclear? Oh, yeah. No, no, no. They wouldn't -- "Frank" was my mother's father. My mother's name, actually. Good question. You've done you're research. What name? My name? I don't how much I went -- but I was enrolled. I was such a loser back then. I was -- misguided, pathetic -- I was very fat. Not even close to what I am today. Not the Frank TJ Mackey you're eager to talk to because I was swimming in what was as opposed to I wanted . ...this close... Right. From '84 to '89. Not a problem. people die. He passed away. "Go Get 'Em, Honey." She's my mother. She's retired. Well I guess it doesn't. My father worked in televison. My mother -- this is gonna sound silly to you -- she was a librarian. Hollywood, mainly. Around here. ...just wait...Dad...you want something...can you say... I'm here. I'm here now. What do you want? Do you want anything? Can you stand...back...maybe, I mean... just a little bit...in the room is ok, but back from us a little... So....Phil....um...I think I'm gonna step in and try and see him and say something if he can...talk...I mean: Mmm. Uh. huh. Oh yeah. He's in here --? Uh. huh. .....have you ever seen this..I mean, never mind, you said -- When did he go off chemo? How long...you think? ...uh-huh... Is he in pain? Uh-huh. What's going on? How long have you taken care of him? Let's just wait one minute and stay here, okay? Yeah let's...maybe just stand. Is Linda here? I got your message. That you were trying to get me -- right? ...are you Phil...?please, what is it, please -- I won't say, no, wait, Claudia -- What? Yes I do. Say what you want and you'll see -- I'll take everything at face value. I'll be a good listener to you. It's ok. It's ok. I haven't been on a date since I was married and that was three years ago....and Claudia...whatever you wanna tell me, whatever you think might scare me, won't...and I will listen...I will be a good listener to you if that's what you want...and you know, you know...I won't judge you.... I can do that sometimes, I know, but I won't...I can...listen to you and you shouldn't be scared of scaring me off or anything that you might think I'll think or on and on and just say it and I'll listen to you.... I'm sorry -- I lost my gun after I left you today and I'm the laughing stock of a lot of people. I wanted to tell you that. I wanted you to know...and it's on my mind and it makes me look like a fool and I feel like a fool and you asked that we should say things, that we should say what we're thinknig and not lie about things and I'll tell you that, this: that I lost my gun and I'm not a good cop...and I'm looked down at...and I know that....and I'm scared that once you find that out you might not like me. I lost my gun. -- no, like what, what do you mean? Yeah, of course. Yeah. Well. ok. -- well I'm a real...y'know, straight when it comes to that...curse words I just don't use much -- ...nothing. I'm sorry... It's fine. -- no, no, it's fine. Fine. You really use strong language. Wow....huh..."...piss and shit..." Let's make a deal. ...yeah... ok. No, no. I've never found someone really that I think I would like to go out with. Well I don't go out very much. Well, that's a natural thing, two people go out on a date, something. They want to impress people, the other person...or they're scared maybe what they say will make the other person not like them -- Bye. Oh, see? This is great. Ten o'clock. Yeah, You know it? You know Billingsley's? No, no, just casual maybe, maybe I thought -- there's a spot I like to go, it's real nice that overlooks a golf course and the course is lit up at night -- What about ten o'clock, is that too late? I don't get off and then -- No, I'm off tonight. I would lov-like, to go tonight, I can pick you up, I can pick you up here at about what time? What time? Yeah. I don't know. I haven't thought about it -- you know what -- that's not true -- I have thought about it. I've thought about going on a date with you since you opened the door. No. Please, yes. No, no. I was wondering...man oh man. I think I feel like a bit of a scum-bucket doing this, considering that I came here as an officer of the law and the situation and all this but I think I'd be a fool if I didn't do something I really want to do which is to ask you on a date. I'm sorry, Claudia. Bye, bye, Claudia. Just Jim. Ok, then. Keep your chin up and your music down, alright? No. No. Don't joke about that. That's not funny, Claudia. Please, now. Well if you listen' to that music too loud again and that fella returns maybe we'll share another cup of coffee -- This is my job. What's that stand for? This is, for not a fresh cup, a great cup of coffee, Claudia -- Okey-doke. But I wouldn't mind comin' back in an hour just to see your pretty face! I don't wanna have to come back here in an hour and find that there's been another disturbance. It's where situations like these lead, Claudia, unless you do something about it early, if and when the police call and come for help. Now there are certain measures you can take -- Many times, in damestic abuse situations the young lady is afraid to speak, but I have to tell you that, being a police officer, I've seen it happen: Young woman afraid to speak, next thing you know, I'm gettin' a call on the radio, I got a 422 -- The gentleman who came to the door -- Is this boyfriend bothering you? Arlight, then. Cheers. That'd be fine. So, Claudia, lemme just say, so I can get my role of LAPD officer out of the way before we enjoy our coffee I'm not gonna write you up or anything, I'm not gonna give you a citation here -- but the real problem we have is that there are people around here, people that work from their homes, people tryin' to get some work done, and if you're listenin' to your music that loud: They're incovenienced by that. If you had a job you'd probably understand, but I see you like listenin' to your music and that's fine, you're just gonna wanna keep it down at a certain volume, maybe memorize what number you see on the dial and just always put it to that -- If it's the middle of the day -- that's what I do -- just put it on two and a half and that's a good listening level, alright? I see you like listenin' to your music loud, but, hey, forget about the neighbors, you end up damaging your own ears ok? Oh, it'll be fine, I'm sure, Claudia. That's great, thank you. I like iced coffee, generally, but a day like this, rain and what not, I enjoy a warm cup -- got some coffee brewing, huh? You and your boyfriend have a party last night? I'm a bit of a slob myself. Bit messy. You just move in here? Claudia: Why don't you let me handle the questions and you handle the answers, ok? You mind if I check things back here? Who was it? You don't have a boyfriend? Was it a boyfriend of yours? I got a call of a disturbance, screaming and yelling, loud music. Has there been some screaming and yelling? You got the TV on too, keep those on at that same time usually? And that could be the sign of a damaged ear drum, you understand? Well if you keep listenin' to the music that loud you're not only gonna damage your ears but your neighbors ears. -- listenin' to that music so loud: You Tryin' To Damage Your Ears? Did you hear what I said? Ok. Claudia Wilson: You tryin' to go deaf? Ok. For one thing, we're gonna need to turn that music down so we can talk, ok? No one else in there with you? ...yeah... OPEN THE DOOR. It's the LAPD, can you open the door, please? LAPD. Open the door. Claudia What? What's your name? You live alone? You mind if I come in, check things? You alone in there? -- you the resident here? -- and I'm through playin' games. I was listening -- Whatever that meant, I'm sure it's real helpful Ice-T. Finish it up without the lip. Alright, alright, cut it, coolio. That's enough with the mouth and the language. -- watch the mouth, homeboy, I don't need to hear that word -- Go. Hurry up. Let's go. Hey. Watch the mouth. Watch it. Have you ever been to Juvenille Hall? Oh, you're a rapper, huh? You got a record contract? Are you a joker? huh? Tellin' jokes? You wanna disrespect an officer of the law? Ok. Listen. You: c'mere. No Can Do. That's confidential information, little man. They don't have substitute teachers where you go to school? Why the hell aren't you in school? Sorry, little man. You don't just sign up to be a police officer -- it's about three years of training -- ok? I think it's more complicated than that little man. What the hell is this Marcie? -- do not do this -- my gun is drawn and If I Have To Open That Closet you will get shot -- Step Out Now. Marcie - quiet down! Now if anyone is in the closet, come out now -- This is the LAPD, if anyone is in the closet I want you to come out and show yourself to me, slowly and with your hands up -- This is the LAPD. If anyone is back here I want you to come out and I want you to show yourself to me with your hands in the air -- Marcie - CALM DOWN. CALM DOWN and don't do this. I want you to stay -- No. No. Stay down, Marcie, sit back down on that couch -- --- What was that? Been drinkin' today? You on any medication? Bad and illegal behavior. That's what I mean. Ok? Mischief. Now have you been doin' some drugs today? Yes I can, Marcie. And until you start givin' me some straight answers: I'm gonna assume that some mischief has been goin' on here. Ok. Marcie. Starting now I want you to have a new attitude with me. The more you play games, the more suspicious I'm gonna become that you've been up to something. You just woke up. And what'd you have a party last night, the way this place looks? What's this, how did this happen? And what about screaming? Maybe you didn't, but I'm here to find out about a disturbance. Some neighbors called said they heard screaming and a loud crash. I'm not askin', Marcie. Ok. Marice why don't you take a seat for me? Ok. What's your name? Maybe so, but I'm gonna ask you one more time: Is Anyone Else In This House Right Now? Are you lyin' to me? OK. That's true. Is anyone else, besides me and besides you in this house? No one else in here? No you don't: But I'm gonna ask you one more time: Are you alone in here? You're not calm. You're screamin' and yellin' and I'm here to check on a disturbance that was reported and that's what I'm gonna do - now are you alone in here? Don't test me, you wanna talk about what the law book says, we can do that, push me far enough and I'll take you to jail -- now calm down. Then you've got nothin' to worry about. I got a call of a disturbance, you're door was open, I just wanna see what's goin' on -- I got a call to this apartment, report of a disturbance -- Calm down. The door was open, I got a call -- Quietly, slow down, whoa --Shut it. Shut yer fuckin' mouth. You fuckin' don't do that. You don't do it, you cocksucker. I'll fuckin' kill you with my barehands. Go. get the fuck fuck -- we're going back and we finish the show -- I'm telling you right now, I'm fine. I lost my goddamn balance and I couldn't see a moment, but I'm ok. No, no, no. I'm fine. It's small, I wanna keep going -- In my sleep, Burt. And the book says: "We may by through with the past, but the past ain't through with us." It's been the same fuckin' thing for thirty years, Burt -- ooohhhhhh no. I'm fuckin' hammered, Burt. Your mother wants to hear from you -- Honey. Please put your clothes on, please -- baby, please, please -- I'm not lying to you, I'm not -- I'm dying, Claudia. I have cancer. I have cancer and I'm dying, soon. It's metastasized in my bones and I -- Now STOP IT and LISTEN to me right now. I AM DYING, I GOT SICK...now I fell down and I'm Not...DON'T -- I have something, so much -- I'm sick, Claudia. I'm sick. I'm not saying that, I'm sorry -- Don't yell, honey. Please don't go crazy -- I don't want you to think that I'm that way to you -- I'm not gonna call you a slut or something -- Please. It doesn't have to be now. Maybe we can make a date to sit down, I didn't mean to walk in on you like this -- ...I want to....I want so many things, Claudia. Maybe we can just talk to straighten our things out....there are so many things that I want to tell you -- I want to sit. I want to talk to you. No. No. I'd like to talk to you. Your boyfriend let me in, I just knocked on the door -- It's me. Claudia. It's me. Fuck no. I got in trouble at school. I won't. If she asks me any question I want to tell her. I want to tell her everything I've done. Yes. Yeah. Yes. Thirty fuckin' years I've been with Rose, don't -- y'know -- with this, and I know what you think -- I don't wanna have to lie to anyone. I don't want to hurt anyone else, anymore. It's just...too late for me to be fuckin' around. I gotta stop. I gotta clean my brain of all the shit I've done that I shouldn't have done -- No. ...you know... You look great. Fuck. I think I'm gonna throw up, I think. I haven't thrown up since I was twenty years old. I can't fuckin' do this. Find her, get her and tell her I want to talk to her, Mary. Fucking hell. Yes. Now. Find her. She's somewhere in the building -- I need you to get me Paula -- Fifteen minutes ago, where were those cards? It's okay, Stanley. It's alright. I'm sorry, Stanley. What were you saying, Stanley? I'm gonna need a full name, Stanley. For 25. Best known for the "tragedy and blood" genre, this author-playwright -- I don't know what I've done. Stay here, please don't leave me, please, please, if I said I knew would you stay? I don't know what I've done. ...I don't know... I don't know what I've done . I really don't know. I don't know. ...No.... She thinks terrible things that somehow got in her head...that I might have done something. She said that to me last time...when it was...ten years ago she walked out the door, "You touched me wrong..." "I know that." Some crazy thought in her, in her head... I think that she thinks I may have molested her. Do you know the answer to this? Maybe...I don't... Why, well I think we've, we both don't know...what do you mean? I love you so much. I don't know.... I don't. What? No, Rose, jesus, no -- It's over becuase...for all the the right reasons I hope, what I said. It's over. I talked to her this morning. Two years...three years... Just once. No. That's it. Paula. Ellen. Rose, I don't -- Yes. I'll answer anything. I don't even remember...many...twenty... maybe more...not much more...twenty times. Will that help? Yeah. --- don't. don't. Please. Just... listen to me...honey.... ...I've done...I've cheated on you. No, I mean: I'm telling you this, now. You see? You see I want to make everything clear and clean...and apologize for me....for all the stupid things I've done....that will eat me up.... I'm a bad person. Do you love me, Rose? How do we do this, then? It's not really pain. I don't think I want that. Love you too.. I don't know. I have to go, I don't have time and I have more drinking to do before I go march -- She went crazy. She went crazy, Rose. I went to see her -- some fuckin' asshole answers the door in his underwear, he's fifty years old, there's coke and shit laid out on the table -- As fast as I can. I'm drinking. I'm sorry. I'II go....is it...back here? Can I come in? I'm her father. You're her boyfriend? Yes. What's your name? Are you her boyfriend? Hello. Is Claudia here?Let me call you a car, Linda. Linda -- You need to sober up. I'm trying to help, Linda -- Linda, you just have to take a moment and breath and one thing at a time -- -- unless Frank is specifically ommitted as a beneficiary that's what will happen. The money would go to Frank. The court would put the money in the hands of a relative -- Well. Considering that there's no one else mentioned in the will...we'd have to go to the laws of intestacy, which is -- as if someone died without a will -- You don't have to change the will, if what you want to do is get nothing you can renounce the will when it's time. Adultery isn't illegal -- it's not something that can be used in a court to discredit the will or -- Linda. Linda. Calm down. What kind of medication are you on right now, Linda that's -- You can't change his will. Only Earl can change his will. Linda, you're safe. Ok. It's alright. You're my friend. You and Earl are my clients and what you need to talk about won't leave this room, you have something you have to say -- Not exactly, Linda. I'm not sure where you're going with this -- Are you on drugs right now? You don't want any water?It's alright. Want me to wake her up? Yeah. She's sleeping now, I mean -- No, I'm just a friend. What are you doing here, I mean...you know Claudia? I'm Bob. You're Jimmy Gator, right? She's asleep. Hello?Thank you, Chad, and good luck to you and your mother -- Yeah, hey. Chad. It's a helluva disease. Oh that's good. It's rough. I'm sorry, did she make it? Brain and Lung. There's no number for Frank in any of Earl's stuff and he's pretty out of it -- I mean, like I said, he's dying, y'know. Dying of Cancer. Does this sound weird? I know -- and I can't really explain that, but I have a feeling there's something, some situation between them, like they don't really know each other much or well, something like they don't talk much anymore -- OK. See: Frank TJ Macky is Earl Partridge's son.... Well, ok. Lemme see how I explain this without it seeming kinda crazy, but here go: I'm, my name is Phil Parma and I work for a man named Earl Partridge -- Mr. Earl Partidge. I'm his nurse. He's a very sick man. He's a dying man and he's sick and he's asked me to help him, to help him find his son -- Hello? Are you there, hello? Well can you connect me to someone else? Well I don't want to order anything, you see. I have a situation, a situation just come up that's really pretty serious and I'm not sure who I should talk to or what I should do but could you maybe put me in touch with the right person if I explain myself? Hi, hello, great. This is Seduce and Destroy? What? Say it again...walking in the car? Twelve. Graduation? No. No. Frank Mackey. That's your son? It's ok. You wanna call him on the phone? We can call him, I can dial the phone if you can remember the number -- Is Jack your son? Who? Who are you gonna call? I'll get you another pain pill. Another morphine pill -- Go fuck myself? How come every word you say is either "cocksucker," or "shitballs," or "fuck?" There's no asshole like you. I've seen it before. Yeah. -- memory? When was the last time you talked to your son? She loves you. She went out. She said she went out to run some errands. She'll be back. I'm trying. No. Where is he? You do? Fuckin' bullshit is right, in'it? How's today then? Alright. Thank you. Is this 509-9027? I'm looking for Frank Mackey. Hi. Is Frank there? I don't think, he can't... yeah. ...ok... It's interesting. When they put me on hold, to talk to you...they play the tapes. I mean: I'd seen the commercials and heard about you, but I'd never heard the tapes .... I've heard your tapes on the phone. Yeah. I'm really sorry. I work as a nurse, for a proffesion -- About three weeks ago. Um...soon tonight...I think, yes? Tommorrow...I mean...very soon...very... I just...he was...but I gave him, I just had to give him a small dose of liquid morphine. He hasn't been able to swallow the morphine pills so we now, I just had to go to the liquid morphine... For the pain, you understand? He's...I'm sorry...so sorry...I've seen this before, you know and you don't.... He's going very fast....Frank...um.... For six months. I'm the day nurse... Ok. He's in here. These Dogs'll calm down -- you just have to come in -- She's not here, she went out. I'm sorry. This is all just so, I don't know what, what to do -- your Dad asked me to try and track you down. To get you and I did, I called the number -- Do you wanna come in? Yes. I didn't know how to find you. Earl asked me, so I looked through the adress books and there was no number, nothing -- Yeah. I was trying to get in touch with you. We got dissconnected. Hello. Frank. Frank TJ Mackey. ....it's alright.... Earl asked me, Linda, please, Linda, I'm sorry -- Earl asked me -- No, Linda, you don't understan -- I've got Frank...Frank Earl's son. He's...he asked me to get him and I did -- Linda -- Thank you. Yes. What? Yes. That's it. Do you have that? Ok. One of those. And...um...Barely Legal? Ok. One of those. Do you have Ram Rod? The magazine, Ram Rod? And um....do you have Swank magazine? Um, no, y'know what? Forget the water, just give me a loaf of bread...white bread. Water. Cigarettes. Camel Lights. I'd like to get an order of...um...peanut butter. Yeah. 818-753-0088. Hi. I'd like to get an order for delivery.If he hadn't pissed his pants, we woulda won. We fucking had this game. Did we win or lose, I mean --? Bite it, Cynthia. You could get free things from people that want you to endorse their products. What do you mean, "like what?" -- you could get endorsments and shit -- When they want us done, they'll call in the Harvard S.W.A.T team or some shit. Saucy-saucy. If we beat the record, you might get a call back -- Was it a call back? Not as much as I used to. Ever since we started, I haven't really gone in to school that much because I've been getting more and more auditions -- Stanley if you don't fuckin' stand up and go over there I'm gonna beat your ass -- -- the fuck are you talking about? Did you piss your fuckin' pants, Stanley? The fuck is wrong with you? What are they gonna do -- beat us? That's pretty cool. What do you do?Go to bed. Go to bed. hang in there, ok. I love you. You're two fuckin' days from the record, get through this and I'II do anything for you, you just gotta get through this -- Are we gonna keep going with this game? Why did you do this? ...oh Jesus, what the fuck...? Stand up. Bullshit. Bullshit. You know the answer to every goddamn question and I knew the answer to those questions and I'm not half as smart as you are so What Happened? Why didn't you answer those questions? What's the problem, what's the problem here? Go to it, handsome. You ready to keep winning? You coulda been in front -- C'mon, man. I got an audition, I won't make it here 'till two, c'mon, I'll see you later. Love you. Be ready at two -- Why the hell do you need all four bags of books to go to school each day? Cmon,cmon,cmon, that one to? -- talk in the car, talk in the car, moves your ass, c'mon -- Let's go,let's go, let's go, you shoulda done that ten minutes ago --GIMME YOUR FUCKIN' KEYS. Give me your keys, Don. You were gonna ask me weren't you? Don't do this, Don. And how much is braces? Your teeth are fine. You don't need braces. Braces? What is that? Two years! Two years later and out of your paycheck, I never charge interest -- FUCK YOU. I pay you, I paid you. I give you a fucking chance and a chance and over and over, over you let me down. I trust you with so much. The keys to my store, the codes to my locks, the life, the blood of my bussiness and return is smashing in seven-eleven, late, always late, loans -- I loaned you money for your kitchen that you never did -- -- I give you money, I give you a paycheck. Your sales suck, Don. I give, I give. When I find you, when I meet you, what? I put you on the billboard, I put you in the store, my salesman, my fucking representation of Solomon and Solomon Electronic, Quiz Kid Donnie Smith from the game show -- Don't get strong, Donnie. This is making sense, this making a lot of sense. You are not doing the job, the job I ask you to do, a job I give you. Over and over and over and I'm sorry. But I'm not gonna say I'm sorry that much more. Don't Donnie. Don't do it.NOTHING. NOTHING HAPPEND. GO AWAY. I'm, I need to go, I'm gonna -- I have to go to the bathroom, Cynthia. I don't know. I should maybe go to the bathroom. How much time do we have? Cynthia? Ok. I'm wondering about the weather department. I'm wonderin' wether or not the weather people use outside meteorlogical services or if they have in-house instruments? Have you ever been there? Where's the news department at this studio? Where's Richard and Julia? I'm fine. Yes. I'm fine. I don't mean to cry, I'm sorry. We are not on display. I am not a doll. I AM NOT A DOLL...I' M NOT SILLY AND CUTE. I'M SMART SO THAT SHOULDN'T MAKE ME SOMETHING, SOMETHING SO PEOPLE CAN WATCH HOW SILLY IT IS THAT HE'S SMART? I KNOW. I KNOW THINGS. I KNOW. I HAVE TO GO TO THE BATHROOM I HAVE TO GO TO THE BATHROOM AND I HAVE TO GO. I was saying...thinking maybe I'd get my own quiz show someday, Jimmy. Just like you! Jean Baptiste Poquelin Moliere. Willa Cather. I don't wanna do it. Why can't one of you do it -- They look pretty smart, I think. What's MOW? Like what? No. I'm sick of being the one, the one who always has to do everything, I don't want to be the one always -- I don't wanna go, I can't do it this time. Shut up -- shut up -- I gotta go to the bathroom. Maybe. They just let me have my own study-time, my own reading time in the library. I don't have regular classes anymore. I think that you have to be nicer to me. You have to be nicer to me, Dad. Alright. Yes. I'm fine. I'm fine, I just wanna keep playing -- I said I'm fine. I didn't I'm fine, I'm fine. I don't know. I didn't know the answer -- I'm fine. nothing. See you. Sure. -- I didn't see you from the window. You're late, not me. Love you too. Should be one-thirty. I can't carry all of them. I need them. I need my books. I need them to go to school. I need this one. We need more dog food -- This happens....this is something that happens. It's raining frogs from the sky. It's frogs. It's raining frogs. I can take you to get money. I don't need it...I don't need it -- listen to me: I can let you have money so your father won't hit you ever again -- you'll have the money because I don't need it. I have money to give you. I have money. It's not right. ....Why does he do it...? Yes. It's ok. Hi. It's ok. Hi."It's a dangerous thing to confuse chidlren with angels..." Gently, son -- Brad, honey, you have a special secret crush over here I think, don't take him too lovely -- he might get hurt -- You seem the sort of person who confuses the two. Stay that way. Why don't you run along now friend, your dessert is getting cold. Mmm.Hmm. "Why don't you shut the fuck up," is me to you, Chapter Right Here, Verse Right Now. Shall we drink to that? This sounds Sad as a Weeping Willow. Things go round 'n round, don't they? Picky, picky. It was the lovely Samuel Johnson who also spoke of a fella "Who was not only dull but a cause of dullness in others." Who was it that said: "A man of genius has seldom been ruined but by himself." Brad, dear? That's right. But you're alright now, so what's the what? Might of been before my time. Nothing special, just a spoke in the wheel. You're a friend of the family I presume? And I'm listening avidly, fellow. A very chatty-kind, you do, indeed, it seems. Well you lost me with the last couple of cocktail words spoken, m'boy, but I believe it's that sort of love. Sounds nice to me. Well -- I have love all over. I even have love for you, friend. This sounds threatening. Maybe I'm just happy to see my friend, Brad there.It's ok, boy. I'm not mad, son, I will not be mad at you and it's ok and please put it down and I won't be mad and I won't -- That idea is over now. We're not gonna do that now. It's ok -- Please, boy, put it down and it's ok. Son, please, now.... Put the gun down, please, boy. -- no. Son, don't -- We're not gonna do that now. We're not gonna do that now and that's over. No, Son...be quiet...be quiet now... Stay quiet...stay quiet, son -- What the fuck is goin' on, WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON? ....what the fuck, what the fuck.... ...fuck you mean, it's raining frogs? What is that? No. No. I have to do this on my own. ...what...? I'm sorry to put all this on you, Stanley -- I hate it. Cause he hates me....he hates me so much. You know what it's like to come home scared, scared that maybe if you don't have the money you're supposed to go out each day and get that you're gonna get beaten....by a belt...he hits me with a belt, Stanley.... I'm supposed to sell those candy bars, and if I don't, I come home without the money.... ....you have it...easy....you know? You have a father who loves you, huh? ..sorry... Hi. ..sorry... Hi.-- what-what-what, ma'am -- I -- You been on Prozac long? Dexadrine? Must have alot goin' on for all that stuff you got back there, eh? You could have quite a party all that stuff.... Cats and Dogs out there, huh? Hello.