Don't tell me! -- That's all the time we have.  Sorry... ...next time. I don't want to hear any more today. Mr. Follett, do you trust me or don't  you? Without trust, there's no point to  any of this. You might as well not  come. Good, then go. My patient had to leave early. Does the phrase "nosy" have any  meaning to you, Lily? It was Henry Follett. What do you want to know? Hey, Doc... how's it going? Fine, Vincent... how's yourself? Oh, I don't know... Lily, I don't think even you could  know that -- Oh, so that's him? The Panda Man. You like me. How come? That's the new psychiatrist? Probably thinks he's pretty smart. What do you mean, "in no time"? Weekly or monthly? Why do you think you tell me, Nessa? It's a big part of the show. It's called pro bono. It's my bit for the community. Where was this? You been spying on me in the  supermarket, Nessa? That's not quite what I said -- Hi. You're Doc Mumford. Skip Skipperton. How are you? Fine. Okay. Pretty good. I've been  hoping we'd meet. I've heard a lot  about you. Do you think we could...? Can I buy  you a drink? ..."Find the need and fill it" my  dad used to say -- I guess a lot of  dads say that -- but I did and it  just took off. No kidding... Panda. Where'd that  come from? Panda? I've always liked giant  pandas... I've been to China and  seen them in the wild. That's the  kind of thing I can do if I want...  now. I can do pretty much anything I  want to do these days. So now we make 23% of the modems in  the market, which is pretty good. When I was growing up here, the town  was about dead. The timber business  was played out... Panda changed all  that. Now, just about everybody in  town either works for the company or  depends on it somehow. Which is kinda  the problem... Would you like another beer? Nah... scotch. Far out. Single malt? Can I pick it? You want me... to be... your friend. But that's not what's really going  on... ...What's really going on is... you  have some problems and you want some  therapy, but you feel it could be  very bad for Panda Modem stock if  word got out that you were having  head problems. Can I ask you a personal question? Of course! That's exactly what I  want. Have you thought about getting a  wife? When Panda started to happen, I was  dating women from New York, San  Francisco, L.A. They came out of the  woodwork. Models, actresses, venture  capitalists... These were not the  kind of girls who were interested in  me before I hit it... And you know  what I discovered? I discovered these  girls did not love me for myself.  The majority of them didn't even  like me. But a lot of them would've  gladly become Mrs. Skipperton for a  while. Can you imagine that --  marrying someone just because they've  got money? I gotta pee. Can I ask you something? This town  is called Mumford... Been that way  since... 18... 18-0... 18-0... ...thirteen! Right? Now here's the question -- Your name  is Mumford, too. Is that the question? You moved here from back East and  your name is the same as this town.  Is that right? Far out. I hope you don't think I want you to  do this for free. Just because we're  gonna play it like we're friends,  doesn't mean I won't pay you like a  doctor. I understand. I have a lot of money. Do you know  how much money I've got? Don't tell me, 'cause I'm not going  to tell you what I've got. I've got three big ones. I'm impressed. I couldn't make three  million dollars if I lived three  lifetimes. No, no... I have three billion  dollars. ...so I'm watching Brokaw and they've  got some astronomer, this little  limey know-it-all, and he's telling  how, with this Himball telescope,  they've discovered there are maybe  400 million more galaxies than they  thought there were. And I guess that's  supposed to make me feel small? I'm  supposed to feel insignificant? Is  that the point? Because I can tell  you it didn't. Lionel, since this is our first  session together, maybe -- -- you can sit up and look at me if  you'd like -- -- maybe it would be helpful if you  told me a little about what brought  you here. Kind of impatient for a big-time  headshrinker, aren't you? How 'bout  you let me explain it my own way... ...and in the dream, it's always the  same, I wake up in my room from when  I was I kid in Ohio, and I realize  this is the day of the big exam at  school... ...which is no problem for me, because  I remembered it was coming and I've  attended every class, so I'm totally  prepared. Then I see myself running  down the hall at school... ...but it's not really my school --  and this is very interesting -- it's  the school from the next district -- -- Go on! And even though I arrive a little  bit early, everybody's already there.  But the surprising part is -- -- I'm the only one who's prepared! -- you crazy? You can't do this! Sure I can, Lionel. I'm a criminal lawyer -- you think I  like my clients? I can't stand most  of them! But I don't kick them out... See that sign -- We retain the right  to refuse service to anyone. I'm not  going to charge you for this session,  but I don't want to see you back  here. Don't you at least have a back door  I can use? Come out this way. There's no shame  in getting a little therapy... is  there, Althea? Maybe some of us don't need this  crap! And it's the Hubble Telescope, not  the Himball Telescope. Jeez... what an asshole. Me more than most. I'm not sure. But I think they're  worried about you. How did they threaten you? Good kids. Hmm? Really? You think so? How ya doin', Ainge? Evenin', Lily. Dr. Mumford. Mr. Cook. Could you come with me please? I know I shoulda come to your office.  I was gonna, actually, but then when  you walked in here today... Uh-huh. It's my daughter Sofie... she's gotta  problem. What's that? We're not sure. She's been to all  kinds of doctors in the city and  they've said different things. Some  of 'em are callin' it -- -- Epstein-Barr virus, and the rest  are callin' it... Chronic Fatigue  Symptom... Syndrome... Chronic Fatigue Syndrome. That's it -- syndrome. So you know  all about it? No... a little. There's a lot of  debate about it. Yeah, I got that. Some people think  it's all in their heads. It's been so bad she's had to move  back here to Mumford and live with  us. And I'm not sure that's the best  thing, either... Why's that? Oh... a lot of things. Several  different factors. Will you see her,  Doctor Mumford? Sure. Why don't you bring her up to  my office at 3 tomorrow afternoon. I'm not sure she'll come. She's in a  mood. Do you ever go to somebody's  house? Generally that doesn't work out so  well. It sends the wrong message to  people who need to make a change. Hello, Lionel. You've got to have the right ladder  for the job. You don't know what  you're doing, you can get yourself  in trouble. You're right, as usual. See you. ...completely inappropriate and highly  unprofessional. Now I don't want to  presume to tell you how to run your  businesses -- -- Whatever. Six months ago, you two  were the only games in town. The  value of your... ..."practices" could be seriously  undermined by this bozo. A town this  size has only so many headcases to  go around. Protect your turf! Check this guy  out. I smell a rat, I tell you. What the hell's a widget? This is great! This is exactly what I wanted. Skip, you must have lots of people  you can throw a ball with. You'd be surprised. Most guys have  kids or wives or girlfriends. They're  busy. It's not as easy as you think. Skip, you're the head of the whole  deal here. Are they busier than you? Well, you know... that's the thing.  Like I said, just about everybody in  town works for me. And it's just not  the same asking someone to throw a  ball when they work for you. It's  like an order or something... And no  one -- no one -- asks me. So, would you say we're out here...  let me think how to put this... Is  your problem really that you're...  lonely? Don't you like this? Hell yes, I like it. What's better  than this? Most guys would kill just  to have someone do this with them  whenever they like. Okay then. Lily and I talk a bit. You know Lily,  runs the coffee shop? No... I've seen her. Good-looking  woman. She's probably ten years older than  you. Lives downstairs from me. She's got  a great dog named for Danny Ainge. Really? I'm the only person I know  that likes Danny Ainge, outside of  Celtic fans. Maybe Phoenix. Well, there's Lily. Did you know that Danny Ainge was  drafted by the Blue Jays? Do you  know what kind of athlete you have  to be to play in the NBA and in the  bigs? Amazing. Unbelievable... What kind of person do you have to  be to do this? What? This -- I would've traded any of it to have  made the Mumford High varsity. So I guess Henry Follett is a patient  of yours. He's my pharmacist. Yeah. Pretty good, too. Lots of detail.  Nothing hard core. Old-fashioned  ones, from back when people cared  about atmosphere and character. Uh-huh. Problem is, his fantasy life's a lot  better than his real one. Nothing  can live up to it. His wife got sick  of it and left him. Took his kids  with her. I wondered what happened to her... Of course, it's not that simple.  There's something powerful going on  there. We've got a lot of work to  do. It's hit to the warning track! In these fantasies, Henry Follett is  played by a handsome guy with biceps.  Can you imagine that? Where your  self-esteem has to be? Man, I'd just like to move the guy  to the point where he gets to appear  in his own fantasies. Feel free to lie down. Most people  do. What can you tell me about this? When did you start to feel this way? What? No. Back when this started, was there  anything unusual happening in your  life? A change of job, of living  situation... a loss of some kind? Hmm. Hmm, as in -- that's interesting.  Sometimes, with enough clues, it's  possible to figure these things out. I don't know what's real and what  isn't. That's never been my strong  suit. But if you're tired all the  time and you've had to give up the  life you were having and come back  home when you didn't want to... that's  worth trying to fix. Maybe I can  help you do that. We... we would try several things.  But I need to see you a lot. I'll come to you. We'll try a little  walking. We'll take it slow. You'll never  feel you can't handle it. We'll work it out. No one ever thought so. You must  bring it out. Maybe you'll catch it. You must be Katie. People call me  Doc. Is this him? Do you get it now? This is no joke. Hey, kids. Oh, hi. You must be Dr. Mumford of Mumford.  Jeremy Brockett. Doc. Nice to meet you. Sorry I'm late... traffic was a  motherfucker. Have another drink,  I'll be back in five. I think you'll like this. Know much  about Cuban cigars? Nope. Makes the whole thing that much  better. Just hold the flame a little bit  below the end... that's it... now  just turn it slowly as you draw... Are you a man who likes to treat  himself right? I've had my moments. I am. And I'm not ashamed of it.  Nobody ever said on their death bed --  "I treated myself too well." I thought it was -- Nobody ever said,  "I should have spent more time at  the office." Fill in the blank. I don't mind the  office. The point is, you only go  'round once. Like the Zens say -- Be  here now. What do you do? Althea hasn't told you? We've been talking about her, mostly. Well, in '85 four of us left our  firms and formed an investment banking  venture. We've got twenty-three people  working there now. You've done well. We've done... very well. You know  anything about addiction, Doc? A little. Well, I'm addicted to winning. I say  when you're in the red zone, you  gotta score. So what do you think? Tastes good. No... I mean about Althea. About  her... ...behavior. Do you think you can  fix her up? What do you think's wrong with her? She's gone weird is what's wrong  with her. Out of control. Probably  from living out here in Mayberry. You're the doctor, what do you think? She seems very unhappy. I think we all knew that, professor.  The question... the real -- -- quest-tio-nee... is... why? But you know how to drive? Sure. Got a license? But no car? Don't need it. I just got my license two weeks ago. You're good. I been drivin' since I was twelve. That would explain it. Can you help Mom? I'm trying. Got to. Nessa Watkins... She comes to you,  doesn't she? You're treating her,  right? What's wrong with her? Is she a friend of yours? No... sort of. Man, she could be  cool, but all she does is get wrecked  and do all the guys. She's blowin'  them in the parking lot. A person's got to hate themselves to  act like that. Have you ever met a bigger shithead  than my stepfather? That's okay. Jeremy won't mind. Good  dog. It's a pretty piece of land. Horror show. What'd you do tonight? ...And? Why do you watch? We'll turn back anytime you want. Yes. It's nice to meet you, Mrs.  Cook. Ph.D., psychologist. That's right, the fake kind. People usually have to get to know  me before they hate me. Maybe... but you're the one whose  ass is dragging. Is she against you getting help? Something's bothering her. Please... forgive me. Negative thinking makes everything  more difficult. If you're going to  have enough strength to do this, we  have to talk only about positive  things. All right? Okay then... Are you positive your  mother's a bitch? Just kidding. I've offended you! Really? What would it take? Sorry... I'm done. I want you to tell me all your  symptoms. Be specific. Sore throat? Low grade fever? Painful lymph glands? Forget fulness... irritability...  depression? Yeah, most people have that. It's  confusing here. Life. Did you get headaches before this? But you get more now? Or more severe? So the headaches may not even be a  part of this? I can give myself a headache  instantly. All I have to do is have two  conflicting thoughts at the same  time... Like I'll think -- 'Taking  these walks is going to help Sofie  get better.' But then I'll also think --  'Mumford, you just enjoy taking these  walks and you're kidding yourself  about the benefits.' There... I've given myself a real  whopper. Sometimes, yeah... pulling in two  different directions at once. It  makes tiny little tears in our fabric. Mr. Follett. Henry! Stop now. Not for this. Not me, you're not. It doesn't matter how I feel about  it. It's how you feel about it that  matters. You didn't come to me because you  have a rich imagination. You came because it's taking over.  You're in its grip. Where's your wife, Henry? Where's your wife, Henry? I didn't hear you. What?! Now we're back on track. What's that? Hey, Skip. Doc. I know we're not supposed to  get together till Wednesday... That's all right. What's on your  mind? How many sessions have we had now,  Doc? Six. And it's been good... like we  were two buddies hanging out. Just  shootin' the shit. Yep. This is really hard. Everything I  want to say is hard... ...We're like friends, almost... who  trust each other. I want to tell you something, Doc,  but before I do, I need to ask you a  question... Because, for me to tell  you this thing -- well, I haven't  told anybody about this. It's the  biggest secret I've got. Sometimes it's best to keep a few  things just for ourselves. You're a shrink, Doc. Aren't I  supposed to be able to tell you  everything? It's just a thought. That really relates to the thing I  want to ask you... I've noticed that  sometimes, not a lot, but sometimes,  when we're hanging out, throwin' the  ball... or that time we went  bowling... sometimes you'll like -- -- tell me things about your other  patients. Hey, maybe that's all right! I don't  know all that much about psychology  or therapy or... ethics, so maybe  there's something I missed... or  something... You're concerned that maybe I can't  be trusted with a secret. I trust you. Definitely. No question.  But, yeah, I'm a little concerned. I  mean, you're not supposed to tell  anyone about your patients'  problems... are you? That is correct, Skip. I'm going to  have to take a long look at that. Yeah, well... what I was gonna tell  you -- -- Skip. Knowing what you do about  me -- Doc, I trust you! You've listened to  me better than anybody... maybe ever. And this secret I've got, I can't  stand it anymore. I don't know if  I'm some kind of -- -- I don't know if I'm a pervert or  what. It's taken me this long to get  where I can come out and say it... I  can't back away now. I can't spend  another day not knowing if I'm nuts. All right, I'm just gonna tell you,  as simple and direct as I can. And you understand that this is a  big secret? Just between us? Okay. You know I've got this gift  for certain kinds of... machines. You are Panda, monarch of modems. That's right. And you also know that  even though I make 23% of the modems  in the world... I cannot make one  simple connection with any woman who  could truly love me. Okay... let's say that, for now. It's true, believe me. So... do you  know what I've been doing, all alone,  in my workshop, for almost two  years?... Mr. Find-the-Need-and-Fill- It. How I spend my every solitary  hour? Guess. Go ahead, guess! Jerking off? No!... Although that's a good guess.  No, what I've been working on, what  the world really needs and no one  has been able to create -- -- a virtually life-like, humanoid,  gender-specific, anatomically  functional... sexual surrogate slash  companion. Slash what? Sexual surrogate... slash...  companion. A doll? No, Doc, not a doll. I am Panda. I'm  talking about much, much more than a  doll. The world has never seen what  I'm talking about... except maybe in  the movies. How's it coming? You don't think I'm insane? And that's your secret? You meant -- like a trade secret? No, Doc, a private secret! It's  perverted, it's pitiful. What am I --  Dr. Frankenstein? Aren't you repulsed? Sounds like kind of a good idea. Really? Definitely. Skip, that's not much of a secret. It's not? Oh, it's okay. It's just not something  to be ashamed of. Maybe you don't  want people knowing -- and believe  me, it's safe with me -- but on the  scale of dirty little secrets, I'd  give it, say... a two. You want to know a secret? I'll tell  you a secret. Since it's just between  us and all... The secret, Skip, is this -- I am  not now, nor have I ever been... a  psychologist. We'd better get going. Just follow  my light. And, Skip, watch your step. Who else knows? Just you. It's time you did some talkin', Dr.  Mum -- Wait a minute. That is your  name, isn't it? Damn! What is your name? Doesn't matter. You can call me Doc. It matters to me. I've told you a lot of private stuff. I can tell you anything else. What about everything? How did this  happen? Did you know that every species of  mammal has found some way to drug,  inebriate, or anestnetize itself?  Even if it's just banging its head  against a rock. Seems to be some  natural urge... to get away for a  while. I've had it for as long as I can  remember. The first place I wanted  out of was home... I thought I had the best parents in  Bald Knob, West Virginia... till I  was seven years old and got a look  at some others. They weren't bad  folks... ...but they were real unhappy about  being who they were... It made no sense that school came  easy for me... I didn't do much work,  and there was a proud tradition in  my family of being really dumb. My  friends didn't like it much. It made  them distrust me... On the other hand, it made some of  my classmates like me better... I  don't know what it was in me, maybe  some genes from my mom, maybe some  discomfort with myself, but early on  I was drawn to any substance that  made me numb... When I got a scholarship to go out  of state to college, I was the first  one in my extended family who'd gone  beyond high school. At graduation,  my folks looked like a normal, happy  couple, which I guess they were about  10% of the time... out in public. My roommate was from a planet I had  never heard of called Scarsdale,  where everything was the opposite of  West Virginia... All the other kids, in fact, seemed  to know things I didn't. They were  friendly enough, but in four years,  I never got over feeling that I had  sneaked in... and was about to be  exposed as the hillbilly and imposter  I actually was. The thing that always made those  feelings go away was... fun. Fun was  drugs, fun was sex, fun was  aggressively doing nothing. The only  problem I had with degenerate, self- destructive behavior was... I couldn't  get enough of it. All that fun eventually had an impact  on the work I was doing. I figured,  what the hell, it was only college,  after all. I'd straighten up when I  went out in the real world... I didn't want to jump into my career  right out of college. And since I  had no career, that turned out to be  not much of a problem... I had a series of challenging jobs  over the next few years... ...pizza delivery, pipe fitting,  pest control... lots of jobs that  started with the letter "p". For  some reason, I kept losing these  jobs. The only mind-altering substance I  never had a problem with was alcohol.  I never got drunk. I didn't like the  feeling. But really, when you're as  fucked up as I was... big deal. Eventually, doing all these different  jobs, I noticed something. For some  reason, probably because I was too  stoned to talk, everywhere I went -- -- people would talk to me, tell me  everything... their stories, their  problems, their innermost thoughts.  Sometimes they'd pretend they needed  advice, but mostly people just wanted  someone to listen. Anyway, one day I was spraying for  termites when I had a vision -- -- it was time to put my college  degree to work and get a job with a  desk. I took the civil service exam and  found myself working at the Internal  Revenue Service, District 14, Central  Administrative Office. I started off  as a general records clerk... I guess the standards weren't too  high there, because my superiors got  excited and pushed me to take the  advancement tests... One guy in particular thought I should  be a Revenue Officer. There was more  money to be made as your  classification went up. Which had a  lot of appeal to me... ...since, even though I was certain  I could stop anytime I wanted, I had  developed a real affection for  cocaine. It was my favorite hobby I  had ever had. But I sure didn't want to be a Revenue  Officer, where you were face to face  abusing -- and getting abused -- all  day long... ...And being a Collection Agent was  definitely not in my genetic make- up... But there was one job that looked  like it might be fun -- Investigator. Are you telling me your last job  before becoming a psychologist was -- -- an investigator for the Internal  Revenue Service? Everybody has a story, Skip. Sounds like you have several. What it felt like was... a series of  separate, unconnected lives --  hillbilly kid, wrecked college boy,  garbage man, civil service guy... ...et cetera... et cetera. Every  time I'd leave a life, it felt good.  Whatever problems I was having were  suddenly gone. I had no friends and  I didn't talk to my family. The only  constant, stabilizing force in my  life was... drugs. An IRS investigator with a drug  problem? It wasn't the best situation. Did you carry a gun? Didn't need one. We didn't even need  a warrant for most of the shit we  did. Man, the IRS... we could go in  your bank account, your credit  cards... hell, we used to go into  doctors' files and get all the juicy  details. Nobody wants to argue with  the IRS. I got teamed with one of the top  guys, a fanatic named Gregory. He  always got his man, whether they  deserved it or not. He was a "closer"  and everybody admired that... He'd make the case and the Collection  guys would come in and clean up. Our  specialty was... sleazy skulking... We were a good team. I was a dope  addict and Gregory was insane. Of course, him being insane didn't  make it all right that I fell in  love with his wife. Holy shit! "Get to know your therapist." You were messed up, man. But look at me now... Hey, you've done good. Look at  yourself... you've cleaned up, you've  got a career -- At least you pulled yourself out... Things got a lot worse. You and Candy...? The way the District Managers got  ahead and won their bonuses was by  generating maximum payments. That  meant the revenue officers had to  use all their "collection tools" --  seizures, liens, levies -- even if a  more reasonable compromise could  have been worked out. The best way  to reduce resistance from the  taxpayers was to build a convincing  case -- whether there'd actually  been a violation or not... That's where we came in. Our DM was  a particular sonuvabitch, and he  knew just how to get Gregory crazy. So several things were working on  Gregory when we started building a  case against a furniture maker named  Edmond Worrell... ...and his family. Gregory was acting more and more  irrational. We started doing things  that were over the line even for the  IRS. When I look back on it now, I'm  sure Gregory must have known about  Candy and me. On our team, I had  become... ...the responsible one. Sometimes when a case didn't work  out right, Gregory and this Revenue  Officer named McLure would put the  squeeze on the subject's accountant... There aren't many accountants who  don't have something to worry about  with the Service... The parties met repeatedly over a  period of months. The IRS offered to  settle for a sizable but, they said,  fair amount. Worrell said he'd done  nothing wrong and threatened to fight  it all the way to Washington. He  seemed pretty strong. I was secretly  pulling for him. McLure and the  District Manager stepped up the  pressure. What none of us down at the Service  knew was that Edmond Worrell had a  story too... Worrell's was that he'd  been fighting chronic depression for  thirty years. Under the heat of the  investigation, he fell off his  medication. One Tuesday morning, he  went down to the factory early, wrote  his family a letter, then used the  9mm automatic they kept there to  kill himself... The DM dropped the  case that day and started proceedings  to get rid of Gregory... Gregory went home drunk, beat up  Candy and went out to drink some  more. Candy told me she didn't want  to see me again. She hated us both  and she was leaving us both... It  made perfect sense to me. I felt the  same way... ...In fact, I was jealous of Candy.  I wanted to leave too, just like  her... get as far away from -- -- me... as possible. And so you did... And the drugs? Harder than I thought. Took me three  tries. But I was highly motivated --  figured there was no point in leaving  me and taking that along. After two  bomb-outs, I found a place in the  desert... The joint wasn't fancy -- it was run  by an order of monks -- but it worked.  When I got out of there, I was just  about broke... ...which seemed perfect for starting  something new. Be back. Somebody's taking a shower down there. That'd be Lily. I wish I could live in the shower.  I'd take five a day if I had the  time. I went to this spa in Germany,  a sanitarium practically, up on this  mountain. And the great thing --  they just kept you wet all day. Who'd you go with? That's not good. How'd you do it? The new you. You know how easy it is. A kid can  manage it if he wants a fake I.D.  You can do practically the whole  deal at your local Kinko's. The only  variable is how much pride you take  in the product. I know it starts with a birth  certificate... All new people start with that... With desktop publishing, you don't  have to deal with printers, supply  houses, or pesky government agencies.  Eventually you do have to get your  hands on a typewriter. Ever seen one  of those, Skip? Is that like a mimeograph?... What  about the name? What about it? "Mumford"... I mean, why pick the  name of the town you were going to? Oh. You got it backwards. I already  had the name when I started looking  for somewhere to settle. When I saw  this town on a map, I thought maybe  it was a sign. See... ...Mickey Mumford was in Miss Rice's  kindergarten class with me. He was  killed with his parents in a wreck  on their way back from a Steelers  game. He was only six years old,  which is a real plus, so there's a  birth certificate if anyone checks --  but not much else. They died in  Pennsylvania, so there's no death  certificate in West Virginia... that's  also good. And a birth certificate is enough? Everything flows from that, and what  doesn't... can be easily purchased. Of course, my IRS training made it  easier. Once you've done that, there's  not much data you can't access and  use any way you want. In a free society, you are who you  say you are. People should remember that before  they go around knocking this country. Skip, all this beer's got me sleepy. But you studied psychology, right?  You did the training and just never  got the degree? No... no training. Psych major? English Lit. Jeez, man. But you're good at it! I understand what it's like to want  to leave a problem behind. That's  all most people are looking to do. Mainly, I listen. Where ya going? I've got a million  questions. See you Thursday... regular time. You're doing great. It doesn't matter. Go on. Yes. Oh, there's something wrong with  you, all right. Especially after  hearing that dream of yours, about  the Roto-Rooter. Disgusting. It's pretty obvious to a trained  professional. Is that when you split up? Brady Peck's. Fourteen years old.  Lives next door. In the capitol for Boy's Nation.  Five days. Why? You like it? Then you can expect me at 5:30  tomorrow morning. Therapy? Hell no, I just don't want  to do it alone. What is it, Nessa? What do you want me to see? If you don't want to have a session  today, it's okay. What happened today? Was it something that happened at  school? True. Should we stop them? Uh-huh. Do you think that's what he wants? What's the deal? Where am I supposed to eat? Hey, Skip! Doc. Lily, I want you to meet Skip. Skip,  Lily. Yeah... me you, too... I was at your  house... Upstairs, with Doc... Yeah, it's  very nice... I heard your shower. What? ...so rich? I may be young, but Doc can tell  you, I'm very immature. So, is this like a Japanese  restaurant? That's a lot of people all at once. What are they? Salad nicoise? I love salad nicoise. Yeah. Dr. Delbanco. It's nice to see you  again. Of course... I've heard great things  about you. Forgive me, please. What a gracious  thought. We must do that. Why don't I call you when I've got  my calendar in front of me? Right now? Are we? My mentor was an amazing teacher  named Benton Mandlebaum. Died quite  tragically in the collapse of a  gazebo. It's possible. I don't know about  that. Lots of institutions. My graduate  advisor believed we should experience  as many environments as possible --  prisons, clinics, half-way houses.  For a while I was chief therapist in  a shopping mall. Had a little spot  next to the yogurt place. Dorothy Fowler. Fantastic woman. She  passed last year in a train wreck.  Damned Amtrak. Oh, yeah, very tough. But I guess  that's good... to keep out the quacks. Wallace Franklin... from Greensburg. I don't even know why hang-gliding  is considered a legitimate sport. My approach? I don't have one really. Most of the  time I'm faking it. See, I think  there's not much that can be done  about most problems... they're too  complicated, too deep-rooted by the  time I hear about them. The most I  can do, usually, is look and listen  real closely, try to catch some  glimpse of the secret life everybody's  got. If I can get a sense of that,  well then, maybe... just maybe, I  can help them out a little. I understand. I just want to know  what the argument was about. Uh-huh. What are they? One hundred books? What happened? You must have been concerned. Doubtful. What did he say? Take your time. You can go out there if you like... Henry... Hey, Doc! Thanks, Jennifer, I'll take him from  here. I've never brought anyone down here  before. I'm honored. Doc, there's something about what  you told me the other night I can't  get out of my head. It's driving me  batty -- Why me? How did you know you could  trust me? You're completely reliable. It's just me, Dino! Skip, I've got a problem and I need  some advice. You want my advice? Far out! I hope nothing you're about to see  will shake your faith in me. Pretty creepy, huh? Are you totally  disgusted? Skip, you're a visionary. That can  be a burden. This doesn't seem a little...  perverse? There are a lot of lonely people in  the world. Somebody's gonna figure  this out someday. It's not going to be me. I'm giving  it up. Really? It's all your fault. In the last 48  hours, I've completely lost interest. What'd I do? Lily. Lily... ...Skip, that's great! You and Lily. Oh, she doesn't know about it yet.  Right now, of the two of us, I'm the  only one in love. But I'm very stoked. Doc, how I can be of help to you? Sorry... Wow. I'm here for you, Doc. Skip, you know that it's improper --  completely unethical -- for a licensed  psychologist to carry on a romantic  relationship with one of his patients? I guess that makes sense. Yes, yes it does... You've fallen in love with one of  your patients? Doc!... It's not me, is it? What? No, Skip, it's not you. But I like  you a lot. Doc, what about this? You're not  really a licensed psychologist! Hmm. I guess that doesn't help... I  see where you're going here. It's a  mess. Yep. Don't you find it incredibly  convenient that everyone who could  possibly corroborate his story has  recently died some exotic death? What's easier than hacking your way  into a state computer and inserting  some numbers? For all you know he  never even took the exams! Doctor, correct me if I'm wrong, but  it sounds to me like you've gone for  this guy's story hook, line and bull- twaddle. Dr. Mumford. Please, come in. Hello, Mr. Cook. I was wondering if  Sofie was around? Were you supposed to have a session? No. It's sort of spur of the moment. Look who's here. Have you met Sofie's  moth-- And our son, Ben... This is a real honor, Doctor. Have a  seat, will ya? Well, actually, I can't really... Do  you think I could see Sofie? I insist! I've been wanting to meet  you. Her friend from the city came and  took her out to dinner. First time  in a long time she's been willing. A friend? We owe that to you. She's perked up  a lot since you started treating  her. There's something I think we need to  talk about. Elizabeth... We certainly do not. Is there something we need to know,  Dr. Mumford? Well... yes, I guess I should tell  you. I don't think I'm going to be  able to treat Sofie anymore. What do you mean? No, I really don't. Why don't you tell me? Elizabeth, I'm tellin' you, stop  this... I'd better go. Why can't you see Sofie? I know the  treatment's working. Well... you see, the problem is -- Wow. You're something. What is the problem, Doctor? Problem? I guess there is no  problem... Uh, this friend of Sofie's,  where'd he take her? It's she -- Roxy. Used to work with  her. I think they went over to The  Lantern. Oh, Roxy! Excellent. Roxy. It's a thought I had. Let me just say something here... I  have no idea if this is going to  help. You remember when I asked you about  pornography -- -- and you told me that. Still,  there's some kind of imagery that's  haunting you and, I think, getting  in your way -- But you did come to me. My guess is these images were burned  into your brain when you were young.  Maybe if we could nail down the exact  fantasies that are haunting you --  maybe you could get past them...  Anyway, I thought we could try an  experiment. You know what? I think this was a  dumb idea... ...I just heard myself talking and I  realize I'm completely unqualified  to be doing this. Let's forget the  whole thing. There's absolutely no reason to think  this is going to have any impact on  you. I'm embarrassed to have -- Mr. Follett -- It's her, sir. You told me to get  you when she came to pick up her  prescription. My pleasure. That's what I like. Either one. I thought I had something to tell  you. But it turned out I didn't. That's one way to put it. I thought only action movies had  villains like that. Yeah? That's... good? I don't know if -- Of course. Sofie... that makes me very happy. What'd he say? What did he want you to do? No again? Really? He agreed? Hiya, Doc. Martin. Did you straighten her out? How are you? Insane! Didn't ja hear? My family  got five hundred times better. Let's go, Vanessa. Doctor Mumford? I didn't see you there. Can I help  you? My name's Gilroy. I'm from the State  Certification Board. It's all right, it won't bite you.  Under civil code 1294.67b you are  entitled to be notified that your  status and certification are being  reviewed. This is the notice. Do you want to come in? No thanks. Plenty of time for that  when we're a little further along. Mr. Gilroy -- What brought this on? I'm not at liberty to say. Sometimes  it's just routine, sometimes there's  been a complaint. We'll be in touch. Far out! How do you mean? What kind of doubts? I see. What's that? Dr. Sheeler is leaving Mumford? I'm  sorry to hear that. I'm very happy for you, Henry. I feel like we're making real progress  here. Of course. Is something wrong, Sofie? You're upset. Is it something you've heard about  me? Why don't you tell me what's on your  mind? Um-huh. I'm glad. I don't follow you. Okay... I think so. What was that? Transference. Hello. Yes. Hey, Ainge. Lily. He told you. You would have met in some shower  eventually... Thanks, Lily, I don't need anything. Okay. That's it? That's what you're giving  me? What it might take is... doing time. I'll tell her tonight. ...A drug rehabilitation center in  the lonely southwestern desert...  run by reclusive monks... becomes  the point of departure in a mysterious  vanishing... ...as an intrepid government  investigator disappears -- without a  trace. ...despite brilliant promise as a  fearless investigator... found himself  on a downward spiral of drug abuse  and dissolution... His former undercover partner at the  IRS... is now a trooper with the  Pennsylvania State Police... The guy was obsessed... didn't always  know where to draw the line... but I  would have trusted him with my wife --  er, my life -- -- What'd I say? Both, actually... ...I can't say I was surprised,  though, when he disappeared. Who was this enigma... a courageous  public servant or a debauched  addict?... Either way, his last known  stop was here... isolated in the  Arizona desert... taken in by an  order of devoted monks... We don't talk about the people who've  been our guests... but I can tell  you this about our order -- we believe  everybody has the right to start  over... everybody deserves a second  chance. And perhaps... that is exactly the  chance the now-sober pilgrim took...  on a blustery November day... walking  away from the rehab center... never  to be heard from again... If you have any information about  this man or know anything about his  whereabouts, contact the Sheriff's  Department in Cochise County, Arizona,  or call this number... Good evening, Mrs. Cook. Could I see Sofie, please? What do you think I'm after, Mrs.  Cook? Well, I gotta say, Mrs. Cook, you're  right about that. I guess you saw the show...? Sofie... You probably got the idea. You're not the only one... Not me... all my other my patients.  I smelled tar and feathers on the  way over here. But... I know it! Please believe me, I know  that... But, there is one... mitigating factor  I want you to consider before you  write me off. Will you think about it? I love you. More than I've ever loved  anyone or anything in my life. I want to spend the rest of my life  with you... but I'm not sure you  feel the same way. Anything... just ask. The defendant will rise. Sit down, Lionel. Clarence Norman White, do you  understand how serious are the crimes  with which you have been charged? I do. Do you realize how insidious it is  to invade the most private thoughts  and secret lives of unsuspecting  people?... ...People who have come to you with  the faith that you know what you're  doing... and that you are who you  say you are? Yes, your honor. It means absolutely nothing to me  that so many of your patients have  come forward with praise for you and  your therapeutic skills. You  understand that? Yes. Mr. White, I am frustrated that the  criminal code in this state allows a  maximum sentence of only six months  and a maximum fine of only $2000. I'm sorry, your honor. What? I'm sorry you're frustrated. Are you disrespecting this court,  Mr. White? No, sir. I was empathizing. Sorry. Maybe you can empathize with this --  Maximum fine. Three months in jail,  three months house arrest. Sentence  to begin immediately at the Orchard  Valley Correctional Facility. Case  closed. This court is adjourned. It's a country club. Don't worry  about it. Thanks for your help, Lionel. I'll have him out in half the time. Will you wait for me? Will you be here? Better make yourself comfortable. We  got a three hour drive here. I'm fine. You're the shrink, aren't you? No, not really. But you do therapy? Not any more. I'll tell you, Doc, the wife and I,  we got a little bit of a problem.  Would you mind if I just ran it by  you? Go ahead. 