Thebes. City of the Living. Crown  jewel of Pharaoh Seti the First. Home of Imhotep, High Priest of  Osiris, Keeper of the Dead. Birthplace of Anck-su-namun. Pharaoh's  Mistress. No other man was allowed  to touch her. But for our love, we were willing to  risk life itself. What are you doing here? WHO HAS TOUCHED YOU?! Imhotep?... My priest. Pharaoh's bodyguards! Her body was mummified, her vital  organs removed and placed in sacred  canopic jars. The Book of The Living contained  sacred incantations that would send  the evil dead on a journey into the  dark underworld. The slaves were killed... ...and the soldiers who killed them  were also slain, so that no unholy  person should ever know the exact  location of the burial site. But there was another book, The Book  Of The Dead, which was never to be  opened, never to be read, for it  contained the incantations that could  bring a dead body back to life a  most unholy thing. It was hidden at Hamunaptra, City of  the Dead, inside the statue of Anubis,  so that no such sacrilege might ever  disgrace Egypt. But for my love of Anck-su-namun I  was willing to defy the gods. Anck-su-namun's vital organs were  still fresh, so a human sacrifice  would not need be made. Anck-su-namun soul had come back  from the dead! Now all that was  needed, was to return her organs to  their rightful place within her body. My Priests were condemned to be  mummified alive. As for me, I was condemned to endure  the HOM-DAI. The worst of all ancient  curses. One so horrible, it had never  before been bestowed. By eating the sacred scarabs, I would  be cursed to stay alive forever. And  by eating me, they were cursed just  the same. I was to remain sealed inside my  sarcophagus, the undead for all of  eternity. They would never allow me to be  released. For I would arise a walking  disease, a plague upon mankind, an  unholy flesh-eater, with the strength  of ages, power over the sands, and  the glory of invincibility. And if I could raise my beloved Anck- su-namun from her place in hell,  together, we would be an unstoppable  infection upon this world. The  Apocalypse. The End. Personally, I would like to surrender.  Why can we not just surrender? Then let's run away. Right now. While  we can still make it. Then let's play dead, huh? Nobody  ever does that anymore. In the desert? What for? I got caught robbing a synagogue.  Lots of good stuff in them holy  places; churches, temples, mosques,  and who's guarding them? Exactly! I speak seven languages,  including Hebrew, so my specialty  was synagogues. How about you? Kill  somebody? What then? Robbery? Extortion?  Kidnapping! Then what the hell are you doing  here!? Drunkard? Fool? Rat-bastard? Please  call me something original. Right now, I only wish to join them. My dear, sweet, baby sister, I'll  have you know, that at this moment  my career is on a high note. Oh yes I do! I have something right  here! On a dig, down in Thebes. My whole life I've never found  anything, Evy. Tell me I've found  something. Yes? Two questions. Who the hell is Seti  the First? And was he rich? Alright, good, that's good. I like  this fellow, like him very much. Are we talking about the Hamunaptra? Right, right, in a big underground  treasure chamber. Everybody knows  the story. The entire necropolis was  rigged to sink into the sand. On  Pharaoh's command, a flick of the  switch! And the whole place could  disappear beneath the dunes. You burned it! You burned off the  part with the lost city! You killed my map. I was mistaken. I lie to everybody, what makes you  so special? That just makes you more gullible. Picked his pocket, actually. I did not know, so when I heard you  were coming, I asked him that myself. He said... he was just looking for a  good time. Way to go, Evy. She's my sister, actually. I'll be back in a moment. How do we know that's not a load of  pig swallow? Um, well, you see... To be hanged. Apparently, he had a very good time. No women allowed. I would pay one hundred pounds just  to see him hang. Proceed! Any last requests, pig? And what else? His neck did not break! Good! Now we  watch him strangle to death. You lie. Are you saying this filthy godless  son of a pig knows where to find The  City Of The Dead? Truly? Fifty percent. Forty. She is like all the others. She will  die in the desert. The key!? She has the lost key!? Then we will kill her, we will kill  her and all those with her. It will be done. But what of the  American expedition? They leave  tomorrow as well. It is three days down the Nile, then  two days by camel, sahibs. For all the money we're paying you,  something better god-damned well be  under that sand. "Hamunaptra," Daniels, that's all ya  gotta keep sayin, to yourself,  "Hamunaptra." Undoubtedly, I know the breed, he  may be a cowboy, but his word is his  word. Smashing day for the start of an  adventure, eh, O'Connell? You're sure Hamunaptra is out there? Along with the scorched bones of my  entire garrison, sahib. A thousand pardons, my good sahibs  but there is much work to be done. Yes, yes, you're right, filthy, rude,  a complete scoundrel, nothing to  like there at all. A bright good morning to all. I have come to protect my investment,  thank you very much. Sit down, O'Connell, sit down, we  could use another good player. Never? What if I were to wager five  hundred dollars says we get to  Hamunaptra before you? What makes you so confident, sir? We got us a man who's actually been  there. I say, what a coincidence, why -- -- whose deal is it? Is it my deal?  I thought I just dealt? My very good friend! What a surprise. You never were any good with the  ladies, O'Connell. Unfortunately no, these Americans  are smart, they pay me only half  now, half when I get them back to  Cairo, so I must go all the way. You never believed in Hamunaptra,  O'Connell. Why are you going back?  The devil himself lives out there. You always did have more balls than  brains. Even? O'Connell! I am going to kill you  for this! Where is the map? And the key? Where is the key? Then I'll find it myself. EVY!! Hey that's mine -- Americans. I say! Good show! And did I panic? I think not. Hey O'Connell! Looks to me like I  got all the horses! I can't believe the price of these  fleabags. Yes, awfully tempting, wasn't it? Never did like camels. Filthy buggers.  They smell, they bite, they spit.  Disgusting. And you snore! I do not snore! All night you snored! I have never snored! What in bloody hell is this? Other seekers of Hamunaptra. Good morning, my friend! Well, what the hell we doin'? Patience, my good sahib, patience. First one to the city, O'Connell!  Five hundred! Cash bucks! SEE YA THERE, O'CONNELL! Ah, begging your pardon, but shouldn't  we be going? Fools. Where'd all these camels come from? They belong to the dead. They will  wait years for their masters to return  before leaving. That thing gives me the creeps. Who cares? I don't see no treasure. And it stinks to high heaven in here. Mummies, my good son, this is where  they made the mummies. Ya scared the bejeezus out of us,  O'Connell. This here is our statue,... friend. Ten to one, O'Connell, your odds are  no-so-good. Yes, me too. And when those dirty Yanks go to  sleep -- No offense. We'll sneak up and steal that book  right out from under them. I say, what's our smelly little friend  got himself up to? Yeah, sure... We'll let him open it. OWCH! That's really got to hurt. Still... Well?... Who is it? Whoever's in here, sure wasn't getting  out. Hey that's mine! Did you ever see him eat? Maybe this place really is cursed. Seagrams! Well, he may have been a stinky  fellow,... but he had good taste. Evy! Excuse me! But didn't the man  just say -- ! Just looking for you, O'Connell! I  wanted to be with my friend! Why do you like to fight so much? Let 'em have it, boys! I say, bloody good show. See! That proves it! Old Seti's  fortune's gotta be under this sand! For them to protect it like this,  you just know there's got to be  treasure down there. Don't blame me, I don't even remember  being there. Curse my ass. Yeah, who cares. Yeah, yeah, okay, what's it -- Yeah, well, let's just make sure we  don't bring anybody back from the  dead then, huh? Assimilate their organs and fluids?  Ya mean eat 'em? Ah hell, let's open it anyways. Yes, I'm all tears, now let's see  who's inside, shall we? The curse,... beware the curse! Stupid superstitious bastard. Juicy? What are you going to do? Shoot him? I wouldn't trade ya for a brass  spittoon! Yeah! It's supposed to be made outta  pure gold! What is this stuff? It smells like  our late friend, the Warden. You did not!?... We're not!? Say O'Connell, whadaya think these  honey's'll fetch back home? We hear you gentlemen found yerselves  a nice gooey mummy. Congratulations. Ya know if ya dry him out, you can  sell him for firewood. He certainly was not a popular fellow  when they planted him. Like what that Moses guy did to that  Pharaoh guy? Let's see, there was frogs, flies,  locusts... Hail and fire. The sun turning black. Water turning to blood. And my personal favorite: people  covered in boils and sores. Did you see that!? Grasshoppers!  Billions of grasshoppers! Daniels! Henderson! Daniels?... is that you? Henderson? EVY!? Anck-su-namun? RUN, YOU SONS-A-BITCHES! RUUUUN! Kadeesh pharos Anck-su-namun! ANCK-SU-NAMUUUUUN!!!! May the good Lord protect and watch  over me as a shepherd watches over  his flock. And may Satan in all his  forms be vanquished forever. The language of the slaves. I may have use for you. And the  rewards will be great. Where are the other sacred jars? You bastards! What did you do to him!? You're not going to kill us? ANCK-SU-NAMUUUUUN!!!! You left me! You left me in the desert  to rot. This is Prince Imhotep, High Priest  of Osiris. The Prince does not like to be touched  by other humans. A Silly eastern  superstition, I'm afraid. He has come to help Mister Burns.  Somehow I feel responsible. Do you know where I can steal some? I'm the last of the Royal Force still  stationed here, you know? All the  other laddies died in the air and  were buried in the sand. Ever since the end of the Great War,  there hasn't been a single challenge  worthy of a man like me. I just wish I would've chucked it  with the other laddies, gone down in  a flame of glory, instead of sitting  around here, rotting from boredom  and booze! The drawer there, spectacles. As you see, I won't be needing them. Mister Burns, Prince Imhotep thanks  you for your spectacles, -- and for  your eyes,... and for your tongue. But I am afraid more is needed, the  Prince says he must finish the job,  consummate the curse which you and  your friends have brought down upon  yourselves. Sweet Jesus! That tasted just like,...  like... "And the rivers and waters of Egypt  went red and were as blood." Who's here!? You saved me from the undead. For  this, I shall make you immortal. The curse. The curse. YOU! Right! And ya know how he gets fully  regenerated?! By killing everybody  who opened that chest and sucking us  dry! That's how! This is not good. Not good at all. "...and he stretched forth his hands  towards the heavens, and there was  darkness throughout the land of  Egypt." Well, there was me and Daniels here  and then poor Burns of course, oh  yeah, and that Egyptologist fella. Naw, he scrammed outta there, The hell with that! I'm not goin'  nowhere! We're safe here. Yeah, I'm not leavin, this fort for  nothin'. Me? What friend? You're my only friend. It is better to be the right hand of  the Devil,... than in his path. As  long as I serve him, I am immune. You shall see. The book! The black book they found  at Hamunaptra! Imhotep wants it back.  Said to me it would be worth it's  weight in diamonds. Something about bringing his dead  girly-friend back to life. He needs  the book... And your sister. That looked rather painful. Yes, I know, I do that to people. And then he'll be coming after Evy. Ten o'clock! All is well! The hell with this. I'm goin,  downstairs to get me a drink. You  want somethin'? Yeah, get me a glass of bourbon, a  shot of bourbon and a bourbon chaser. Shut-up! JUST SHUT-UP! We gotta do  somethin'! we gotta do somethin,  NOW! Before it's too late! That book we found at Hamunaptra? And now he's going to use it to bring  his girlfriend back The plagues we have seen so far, are  merely Imhotep flexing his muscles.  Only at the moment of Anck-su-namun's  resurrection will he be truly  invincible. What? WHAT!? Anck-su-namun! Anck-su-namun! Imhotep! IMHOTEP! He has consummated the curse, now  all he need do is raise Anck-su-namun  from the dead, then it will be the  end of us, and the beginning for  them. Koontash dai na. Take his hand and he will spare the  others. Keetah mi pharos, aja nilo, isirlan. Come with me my princess. It is time  to make you mine, forever. Hey that's mine -- ! Pared oos. Kill them. I'm with you, old man. No one touches  my sister like that and gets away  with it. And what ritual would that be? And how does one do that? Oh yes, of course. Excuse me? Begging your pardon, but I wasn't  quite clear on that last part. Did you say 'kill' my sister? So what's your little problem got to  do with His Majesty's Royal Air Corp? Is it dangerous? By Jove, do you really think so? Everybody else we've bumped into has  died, why not you? So what's the challenge then? Winston Havlock at your service,  sir! All I remember is him turning into a  blast of sand,... and then I remember  nothing. Hang on, men! We're going down! Here I come, laddies! Excuse me... A little help would be  useful... IF IT'S NOT TOO MUCH He's a big fellow with pointy ears  and a face like a falcon. Keep moving. Yeah? I say, look at that. Say, gents! You should come have a  look at this. Prince Imhotep wants your heart. He wants your heart and your brain,  your liver, your kidneys... ...and how do you say? Those slimy  things, in your stomach? Yeah! Them. Kill them! Kill them all! And bring  me the Book Of The Living! There he is! Hello Horus old boy. With your death, my love and I will  be invincible! I found it, Evy! I found it I can't open it! It's locked or  something! We need the key! What do I do, Evy!? What do I do!? Keetash-something, naraba-something. Ebarra im hatu Kashka ummmmm -- ? Rasheem Aaaaa ANUBIS! Oh boy. You have got to be joking? Oh. Ummm, Hootash im... Hootash im now  what is this last symbol here? It's an Anck symbol, with two little  squiggly lines above it, and a bird,  a stork! on either side. Yes,... I see. Hootash im Ahmenophus! I got it! O'CONNELL!! Go away. Well,... I guess we go home empty  handed. 