Father, I saw a post rider at the house. We got it all cut and we bundled half of it. Father, a post rider came from Charleston.  You have a letter inside. Better.  She's near ready to calve. Father, Samuel broke the blue plate... I did not... News of Boston, father? I hate turnips... William knocked it right out of my hands... Father...? We're going to Charleston! When, father, when? Charleston!  We're going to Charleston! The New York and Rhode Island assemblies have been dissolved... Rioting both sides of the bay, in Chestertown they burned the Customs House and tar-and-feathered the Customs Agent.  He died of burns. In Wilmington they killed a Royal Magistrate and two Redcoats. Poor Richard says they'll make a Declaration of Independence by July. Scott Higgins joined the militia. He's seventeen.  A year younger than Aunt Charlotte!  Aunt Charlotte! Presents!  For me?  What do you have? Look!  There's Gabriel! The British army is barricaded in Boston.  Harry Lee, is here from Virginia, recruiting for a Continental Army. Yes.  He seeks a levy of troops and money. He vowed that if the Assembly votes a single shilling to Lee, he'll dissolve the body. Lee is counting on your vote and expects you to be the first to enlist. ORDER!  ORDER! Our first order of business... And out last if we vote a levy... ORDER!  ORDER!  Mr. Simms, you do not have the floor. Our first order of business is an address by Colonel Harry Lee of the Continental Army. You all know why I am here.  I am not an orator and I will not try to convince you of the worthiness of our cause.  I am a soldier and we are at war and with the declaration of independence we all expect from Philadelphia, it will soon be a formal state of war.  In preparation for that, eight of the thirteen colonies have levied money in support of a Continental Army.  I ask South Carolina to be the ninth. Colonel Lee, Massachusetts may be at war, along with New Hampshire and Rhode Island and Virginia, but South Carolina is not at war. Massachusetts and New Hampshire are not as far from South Carolina as you might think and the war they're fighting is not for independence of one or two colonies.  It's for the independence of a nation. An American nation.  Colonel Lee, with your permission? Please. Those of us who call ourselves Patriots are not seeking to give birth to an American nation, but to protect one that already exists.  It was born a hundred-and-seventy years ago at Jamestown, Virginia and has grown stronger and more mature with every generation reared and with every crop sown and harvested.  We are a nation and our rights as citizens of that nation are threatened by a tyrant three thousand miles away. Thank you.  Were I an orator, those are the exact words I would have spoken. Sir? Captain Marion, I understood you to be a Patriot. I understood him to be a Patriot as well. This from the same Captain Francis Marion whose anger was so famous during the Wilderness Campaign. Temperance can be a convenient disguise for fear. Mister Robinson, I fought with Captain Marion in the French and Indian War, including the Wilderness Campaign.  We served as scouts under Washington and I have no doubts about Captain Marion's courage or competence on a battlefield. There's not a man in this room, or anywhere, for that matter, to whom I would more willingly trust my life. I stand corrected. Nonetheless, I would like to know, Mister Marion, how... how... how... Damn it, Francis!  How in God's name do you expect to gain independence without going to war? My hairy arse!  You live in a cave if you think we'll get independence without war... Gentlemen!  Please!  This is not a tavern! A long time ago... That's a damn long time... Gentlemen!  Please! I was an American, I just didn't know it yet... Balderdash! Name five hundred. That's five, keep going... You said bribery twice... Francis, I was at Bunker Hill.  It was as bad as anything you and I saw on the frontier.  Worse than the slaughter at the Ashuelot River. The British advanced three times and we killed over seven hundred of them at point blank range.  And still, they advanced and they took the ground.  That is the measure of their resolve.  If your principles dictate independence, then war is the only way.  It has come to that. Wars are not fought only by childless men.  A man must weigh his personal responsibilities against his principles. And your principles? Mister Speaker, I call for a vote on a levy to the Continental Army. Second. So moved. Mr. Robinson. Yea. Mr. Hamill. Yea. Mr. Johnson. Yea. Mr. Simms. Nay. Mr. Marion. Mr. Marion. Twenty-eight to twelve, the levy passed! Father, I've lost respect for you. I thought you were a man of principle. When I have children, I hope I don't hide behind them. Yes. One of yours? I recognize him now.  Is he as imprudent as his father was at his age? I'll see to it that he serves under me. When? But it's already been two years and that's two more years.  The war could be over by then. Alright.  Seventeen. Is it going to rain? That's not thunder. Father? Waxhaus? But father, they might come this way. They're going to come. We're going to have to fight them off. Father will do that. They'll probably kill us men and do Lord knows what to you women. The battle, were you there? Have you seen any Redcoats? It wasn't like Saratoga.  There, we stayed in the trees, but this time Gates marched us straight at the Redcoats.  They fired two volleys into us and we broke like straw.  I was given these dispatches... I saw Virginia Regulars surrender... as they laid down their weapons the British Green Dragoons rode into them and hacked them to bits... killed them all, over two hundred men. I have to get these dispatches to Hillsboro. I have no choice, I... Thank you. I understand. Come on, boys. Father? But they're wounded. You're surrendering. Yes, sir. What unit? First Virginia Regulars under Colonel Hamilton. Who cared for your wounds? We did. With a lace table cloth? Kill them. These men are of my regiment.  Thank you. Rebel dispatches, sir. I carried those.  I was wounded, these people gave me care, they have nothing to do with the dispatches. I understand. Lieutenant, have a detachment take our wounded to our surgeons at Camden crossing.  Use whatever horses and wagons you can find here. Yes, sir. We found this, sir. Who carried this? I did. Take this one to Camden, he's a spy. He will be hung. Fire the house and barns. Yes, sir. And the Rebel wounded? Kill them. We're not going to hold him, we're going to hang him. Father... Oh, he's your son.  You should have taught him about loyalty. Would you like a lesson in the rules of war? Perhaps your children would. Father, do something. Gabriel!  Run! Major. I have my orders.  Sergeant! Father, they're going to take Gabriel... Father, you can't let them take him... Yes, father. FORM BY TWOS!  BACK-TO-BACK LINES... READY... The Morgans, the Halseys, Williams, Stantons... Father, it's safe. Father... I killed those men... I'm glad I killed them... I'm glad... How are they? Gates is at Hillsboro with the Continental Army.  I'll leave in the morning to join him. I'll tend my horse. When will you be back? Tomorrow? Father, we have to do something... Father... Damn you, Sergeant, don't move the wounded twice, put them straight on the wagons from the surgeons. Yes, sir. Lieutenant, detail men for outriders.  We move out as soon as the wounded are ready. Yes, sir. I'm sorry. There's nothing you could have done, Gates is a damned fool. I begged him to stay in the cover of the trees but he insisted the only way to break Cornwallis was muzzle- to-muzzle.  He spent too many years in the British army. Last anyone saw, riding hard, northeast, his staff a hundred yards behind, trying to catch up. I am, I think. If you want orders, I've got some for you. We're a breath away from losing this war.  In the North, Washington is reeling from Valley Forge, running and hiding from Clinton and twelve thousand Redcoats. Here in the South, Cornwallis has broken our back.  He captured over five thousand of our troops when he took Charleston and today he destroyed the only army that stood between him and New York. And Patriots will start dying on the gallows instead of the battlefield. Unless we can keep Cornwallis in the South until the French arrive.  A treaty was signed at Versailles after our victory at Saratoga.  The French are sending a fleet and ten thousand troops. Fall, six months at the earliest. The bigger problem is where, not when.  The French fleet won't sail north of the Chesapeake for fear of early storms. Not me, you.  I'm going north with every Continental regular I can find to reinforce Washington or he won't last six weeks. Not held, just slowed down. They'd be better off, but the cause wouldn't be. Four thousand infantry and around six hundred cavalry... ... including the Green Dragoons under Tarleton. I'm giving you a field commission as a colonel. Colonel Lee, I request a transfer to Colonel Marion's command. Granted. Good luck. What now, sir? We'd cover more ground if we split up. Colonel, I didn't request this transfer because you're my father. I requested it because I believe in this cause and this is where I can do the most good. I've been doing this for two years. I'm the best scout in the Continental Army, the best horseman, the best shot, the best scavenger and I know every deer path and swamp trail between here and Charleston. Yes, sir. My father taught me. He tried.  It didn't take. Yes, sir. Yes... ... father. He's dead. I'll be sure to do that. You expect to hold Cornwallis with militia? Trust you and Harry Lee.  Remember that damned overland you two thought up in '62 to hit Fort Louis? Not many.  Dalton, Scott, they've got their reasons; Rev. Oliver, he believes in the cause; some of the young bucks; a few like me with nothing to lose... What about you?  You've got a lot to lose. Father, this war is about more than Thomas. If you're here only for revenge, you're doing a disservice to him as well as yourself. You know how old I am. I heard about your son.  I'm sorry. We have better coming on the trailing supply convoy from Charleston. I'm sorry, sir, it won't happen again. Sir. Yes, sir. I believe he was speaking to us, Colonel. Did you know that Lord Cornwallis' father was a tenant on the estate of my grandfather? Less than a mile.  Forty-one wagons, a company of Redcoat infantry, horses at the rear. I didn't see any. Across the river!  Covering fire! Double rank! ... two-hundred-sixty-six Brown Bess muskets, forty-one casks of powder, balls, tamping... We have enough arms for an army. Now all we need is an army. Reamer, boring tool... A rolling gunsmith's shop... We can rifle those musket barrels... Get another hundred yards out of 'em... Easy enough... Oak to make charcoal... Oil cloth and barrel staves to make a bellows... That's why he's a colonel. Shoot them!  Shoot the damn things! They followed us from the bridge. They won't let anyone near the wagon. Rum, French Champagne, Madeira, Port... No wonder they were guarding it. My heavens, personal correspondence of... Lord Cornwallis. And the dogs, too, I'll wager. I say we drink the wine, shoot the dogs, and use the papers for musket wadding. Colonel, we got a wagon full of officer's uniforms and more powder and muskets here. Like they gave quarter to my family? My wife and three children were hiding in our root cellar when they came.  The Redcoats locked the door and torched the house. And who are you to give an order like that?  We all know what you did after Fort Wilderness. Thank you. For trying to impose some decency on that sort. Am I one of that sort? He shouldn't make light.  That Redcoat should not have been killed. He's not making light. You don't know him very well, do you? He's my father. I know him well enough? Don't fault him for having grown up on the frontier.  It was a harder time and a harder place than you know. Well? Cheerful news to greet the morn. Father? Personally, I'd prefer stupidity. For the ball, sir? Our supply line, sir? Uh... I borrowed it from Colonel North.  I took it in at the back, added wider epaulets, a court sash and looped gold braiding on the cuffs... Sir, they're not like regulars, we can't find them and we don't know when or where they're going to strike. We don't know, sir.  He's called, the Commander by some, the Swamp Fox by others. Yes, sir. Hey, what you got there? We got our own little party... To hell with the officers and their fancy dress ball... Give us a nip, here. Among the rebels?  We know the answer to that. Good God! These rebels seem to lack fear as well as decency, eh, General? Yes, sir. ... four baskets of apples, salt pork, sweet potatoes, jerky, hard tack, salt and powder.  It's not much, but I'll get you more. I'll give you what I can, when I can.  You pay me what you can. Francis, you remember my daughter, Anne. I... uh... that wasn't me, it was Samuel... I mean Nathan... Uh... uh... I... He's sorry.  Come. I'm in. Twenty men here, seventeen in New Brighton, a dozen along the Black River.  We'll pass three hundred by week's end if this keeps up. If I'd known you were going to look like this, I never would have put ink in your tea. It's a start. They look nice.  As white as can be. He reminds me of you before you got old and ugly. You got me beat on both accounts. We're low on salt.  I should go to Pembroke and get some. You got salt last week. Oh, right. Baking powder, we need baking powder. We've got plenty of baking powder. You went to Pembroke and got five pounds two weeks ago. Halt.  Look alive, boys. Ready arms!  By twos! Steady, boys... This is the King's highway and I advise you and your men to make way. Prepare to fire. FIRE! Which way? HALT! Enough of this.  There are other ways to run down a fox. Father, no... Father, please... Fourteen dead, eleven wounded, eighteen captured. When was that?  In the swamp at the expense of your men?  Or when he killed Thomas at the expense of your family? Or perhaps tomorrow at the expense of our cause. There will be a time and a place for revenge but killing Tarleton at the expense of your duty serves no one but yourself. Stay the course. She'd say it to me when I picked on Thomas or Nathan. She got me at a more impressionable age. That would be nice. That would be nice, too. They're to be hung! But they're prisoners-of-war! Sir. General, a message from the commander of the rebel militia. Are you going to meet with him? Lord Cornwallis will be with you presently. You may, of course, keep your weapons, but I must warn you that... Yes, quite, but you should know that... Yes... you will wait. Colonel. Ah, yes, that boy. Ugly business, doing one's duty. Take a detachment and go get our officers. No one's been here for months. But now we have a name for our Colonel... Francis Marion.  And with a name will come a family. UPSTAIRS! They can't be far.  Check the outbuildings and the woods. It's all set. Yes. They won't stop looking for you and the children. I don't know... I'm his son. These are for you and the children. He wanted to, Susan, but he couldn't leave his men. I know he did and he's sorry.  He'll come back as soon as he can. There are some letters here from him.  Some are just to you. You don't hate him. Full sentences.  As if she had been speaking all along. She said... she loves you and misses you but she understands why you can't be there with her. Father, there's something else I need to talk to you about. Come with me.  I'll tell you when we get there. Father, I'm looking for a best man. Dearly beloved, we are gathered here in the sight of God to join this man and this woman in holy matrimony... Sir, I'd like to request a furlough. Two days? Cheraw Falls. I know. For richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, 'til death do they part. Perhaps. Probably. Difficult, sir.  This is, as you pointed out, a civil war. I understand, sir. I believe they are almost ready. Very well, get one of the others. Damn your eyes.  Do your worst. I intend to. You still want me to give wounded Redcoats quarter? Tarleton has a list of our men, most are on it.  A regiment of dragoons is going to the homes on the list, burning them, killing whomever resists, women and children, as well. Seven homes along the Black River so far... It's not time for vengeance, it's time to mourn and... Father! Papa... About a hundred and twenty.  Less than a third. Excuse me, Ma'am, everyone has been requested to gather at the church. Colonel Tarleton wants to address, the whole village. Into the church, please. Colonel Tarleton wishes to address all of you. Open this door! By what right are we made prisoners? Sir? Yes, Major. Sir, there is no honor in this. The honor is found in the end, not the means.  This will be forgotten. Proceed. Anne...? Is it her?  Is Anne in there? Father, tell me what happened at Fort Wilderness? No, I don't. Tell me what everyone doesn't know. That the French and Cherokees captured the fort and when you retook it, you took revenge on them for what they did during the occupation. That's not enough.  Tell me. I'm not my mother.  I can't have the respect without the knowing. Go on. I see, do as I say, not as I do. THEY'RE HERE!  CONTINENTALS, THEY'RE As you did at Fort Wilderness? Look at you!  I knew you could do it! We have a chance!  Better than a chance!  Cornwallis is running to the Chesapeake, probably to meet his fleet at Yorktown.  I wish I could see his face when he sees a dozen French ships floating there.  And Washington should be a day or two behind him. And on top of everything, I have a son!  Born last month in Alexandria. I'm sorry, I didn't know. Gabriel and at least a dozen others. They must have left right after the watch change. Fifty Green Dragoons, camped about a quarter mile from here.  Sentries at four points. FIRE! I'm alright, I... Colonel... May I help you try to find solace with the word of God? Colonel, let us help his soul find it's place with the Almighty and... Yes, he does. You have to bury him. I'll help you bury him. How many men have we seen die? They're gone.  And there is nothing you or I can do to bring them back. But there is something you can do to help end all this. No.  It's not over yet.  Two days ride, Yorktown, Virginia. Washington, the French, Cornwallis and Tarleton.  It will end, one way or another. Francis, nothing will replace your sons but helping us will justify their sacrifice. You called for me, sir? Did you bring me this? Yes, sir. Take this to Colonel Marion. Yes, sir. Earned. Come.  I have something I want to show you. Gentlemen. I was sorry to hear about your son. I've had no sons to lose, nor daughters. I lose the sons of other men. Life was easier when we only had ourselves to get killed. Gentlemen, what do we see? Mortars, center, with two lines of enfilading trenches. A formidable defensive position. Very formidable. They could hold out for weeks. Francis, tell me about General Cornwallis. That bad? Proud, priggish and competent.  A very bad combination in an adversary. For those of you who don't know, we intercepted a British dispatch this morning.  General Clinton has sailed from New York to relieve Cornwallis. How long before they arrive? Less than a week.  Sixteen ships and over nine thousand Redcoats. Sooner or later that message will get through to Cornwallis. And when the British ships arrive, the French ships will flee.  And when the French ships flee, General Rochambeau and the French troops will flee as well. If Cornwallis receives news that Clinton is coming, he'll simply hold tight and wait.  He'll fight a purely defensive battle and he'll win that. And what is the second thing? Sir, a dispatch from General Clinton made it through the rebel lines. Sir? Unless I'm dreaming, I think I see irregulars at their center. COLONEL!  OUR LINE! OUR LINE IS FALTERING... Goodbye, Francis. Thank you.  Maybe all of this will buy him some peace. Robert.  Robert E. Lee. 