Have you found Dr. Bright? Speak. Mr. Sim, when you do locate him. Do not scare him off again. Just watch him. I think you can handle that. Right, Mr. Sim? Until he's done. A light mixture of oxygen, dioxide, and sodium pentothal. He'll sleep, that's all. Do? Well, I suppose that depends on you. Susan, I sense you are having difficulty understanding the situation you are presently in. I ask that you keep in mind that I am ready to reduce an entire city to gelatin to get what I want. I look behind us, I look to the past, to a world steeped in rot and decay. I think of the Acropolis in another century reduced to little more than dust. I see the faces of Rushmore eventually losing all distinction, and then I look at this... This is our world, Susan, and once you realize that, you will understand that the only place our path can end is on the throne of heaven. Science is the quest for divine perfection. Do you know what I see? I see man making his own clouds. I see man coloring his own sky, and like this garden it is a site that makes my heart sing. I ask you what is the purpose of science? What is the point of all our relentless exploration, investigation and experimentation? It is to understand a single physical phenomenon, or to understand them all? To cure one disease, or to cure every disease? If science is simply a means, what then is the end? I brought you up here, Dr. Bright, because I want you to understand that we are on the path. The only difference is that you are walking with your head down, afraid to look up, to see where the path is going. We will always love most that which we create. Don't you agree, Susan? You'll forgive me but all the excitement has left me extremely parched. Poppy? Something to drink, Dr. Bright? Come with me, Susan. I want to show you something. To be brutally honest with you, Susan, as long as the nanobot does to me what it did to that idiot O'Brien, I don't give a rat's ass about what happens after that. Dr. Bright, I don't have to do anything. Mr. Sim I want you to return to Dr. Bright's. I believe she is hiding something of ours there. You don't have to give it to us because Dr. Nebbleman can just cut it out of him. Not anymore, Mr. O'Brien. The nanobot has changed that. Wheelchair accessible. You can't do this! You owe me, O'Brien. I made you plastic! I made you! Please, O'Brien, don't do this to me! I'll give you anything you want! You think you can use me to stop the meltdown. I know what you're doing. It remains to be seen who is the good guy and who is the bad guy. History is written by the victor. As you can see I am a new man, just like you. How apropos. Maybe you should, but you can't. The body is just another part of nature and ever since we gave up trees for central air, there has been nothing sacred about nature. Nature is the enemy, Mr. O'Brien, and science is our greatest weapon against her. Poison? I'm surprised at you. You lack vision, Mr. O'Brien. ... plastic. If you'd like, we can go straight to the authorities. I understand they are very interested in talking to you. Not that. Did you feel that? Poppy, this is not the time! Poppy, please -- Considering what? It will be an ascension. This is what my entire life has been directed at, this moment, this threshold. Can you feel it, Poppy? The presence of the moment? Can you feel the weight of its significance? If you honestly trust me, then you'll have to trust me. I promise, my dear, I will give the matter some consideration. Poppy, please, just tell me what you want. Yes. Yes, of course it is. Why are there two ottomans? Poppy, are you in one of your moods again? She must feel something for him. After all, she and I did create him. Based on what we know of him, that would seem inevitable. That remains to be seen. Eventually. These things are always a matter of leverage. Dr. Nebbleman, I want to know the moment the nanobot arrives. The instant, understand? You're right. Place a call to our friends at the network and to Mr. Joplin at the E.P.A. Oh no. No. We'll get her assistant. What's-his-name? Nebbishman? Yes, that's true. We have to find him, run tests, determine if the polymerization is stable. But, Poppy, you don't know what this means -- It works, Poppy. It works, it works! Who cares! We've got to find him! Hurry! She let it escape because she wants me to die. She's lying. She lost the first one on purpose. It's ready now, I know it is. No. I'm getting used to it. Oh no? Smell this. Like rotting meat. Donated to science. Perfect. It'll be better for us if he simply disappears. The gardener will know what to do. Excellent work, Dr. Nebbleman. You have outdone yourself. Shut up and do it! In the meantime, why don't you find something useful for Dr. Bright to do. Excellent. How long until the assembler tank is complete? The trunk. Dr. Nebbleman, take care of them. Look, John, nobody wants to find out what happens. That's why you're here. We need your help on this one and that's why that suitcase is here. Poppy, order the trucks from the Gary plant. And we're going to need a containment crew. Then perhaps we can use liquid nitrogen to keep the meltdown under control. Facts, Dr. Nebbleman. Facts. You've been using cryogenics to control the waste from the mouse experiment, haven't you? The fact is, that the milk has been spilled and now we need you to tell us how to clean it up. The nanobot is gone.I want Trix! Mommy! I like Trix! Yeah, I do! Hey!That's right. And making me was the biggest mistake you ever made! Yeah, I'm going to finish what you started -- You mean besides kicking your ass?! The only history I'm gonna write is your obituary! Oh no. You're not like me. In fact, I'm betting you're the same greedy, remorseless, egomaniacal bad guy you always were. Ain't it. I should kill you right now for what you did to me! You egomaniacs make me laugh. Nature's going to bury you like she buries everyone else. You're lacking a few things too: ethics, morals, common decency and, oh yeah, deodorant. Wow, that is one moving story. Take it easy on my heart strings. Now I really feel guilty complaining about you shooting me up with your poison. I can explain it. Attempted murder wasn't enough for him. He wants to add kidnapping to the charges. Here, kid, this is great stuff. Why don't you give it a try? You have no idea what this is doing to your body. You don't want this. I'll do whatever I have to do. Oh no, no, no. No can do. You enjoyed a tasty beverage and thus this receptacle becomes your responsibility and I don't care if it's a Styrofoam cup or the Exxon Valdez! You've got to learn to take responsibility! I just want to know what goes on in the mind of a litterbug. What chemical is secreted by your smooth brain that tells you, 'It's okay, just chuck it'? What is it with you litterbugs? Is it a territorial thing, marking your turf with your garbage? Why don't you just put this in your pocket so when you see a garbage can you can put it where it belongs. So what? So what? For starters, how about littering is a crime. I guess they do. We were different people then. I remember I was trying to help... I have to! We don't have time to argue, Susan. What would happen if I threw him into the core? That means the nanobot is still inside him. You mean he's polymerized, like me? We've got to get the nanobot. What in the...? Susie... I... You saved my life. I'm not leaving without you, Susan! Let's go. Where is it? What could happen? I'm the plastic man, remember? You didn't think I could just leave you? I can't go back to jail. I gotta get out of here. The head shrinker at the prison. On the counter. You made this out of my hair? That's going to fit me? What's that? Getting used to it. No cheese. I could go with you. What did you want my hair for? I don't know. It's still inside me? What's wrong? Uh oh. I remember that temper. Do you have something to bring me down? I feel very emotional right now. A bit out of control. I want you to know that I really appreciate you helping me. Yeah. Old times. And I don't see you sunbathing at Chernobyl! But lo and behold he found another world that progress could annihilate! I don't consider uncontrollable toxic waste progress! This is what I deserve for trying to protect the world from a madman and his mercenary physicists? Blame the victim. Just giving credit where credit is due. Means? Oh no. We won't know what it means until the end of the story and maybe then it won't seem quite as funny to you, Doctor Frankenstein! Oh yeah, real funny. Yuk-yuk. Let's laugh at everything a man believes in. Just look at it! Look at this! Susan! No, no, I just feel wired! No, why? You're the doctor. Isn't it already too late then? So right now there's little replicators spreading throughout Argon's lab? What do these replicators do to people? That was an egg? What happens? The waste. Got it. That was 'simple'? What waste? Why do we need it? Pills... you know how I feel about pills. Why? What are these? We don't? I'm a plastic man! A plastic man! Oh God, please! This can't be happening! I can't be plastic! A plastic man?! Oh no, no, no! You've got to be able to fix me! Please, Susan, tell me you can make me normal again! Then you must have at some point tried to reverse the procedure. But you've polymerized single-celled bacteria and the fruit flies, I know you have. You don't know? What happened to it? Mouse? What mouse? They did it to me! No, something is really wrong... look! Please, Susan! I need help! Something is wrong with me! Susie! You gotta help me! Susan, this is the future of America here. Am I? Look! Right there! That's exactly what I am talking about. You think it's a coincidence that they have all these aisles lined up like this, like a little maze! We're all lab rats running through their maze, pulling lever A or lever B, each designed to create some kind of bio-chemical dependency. All the while they're everywhere, watching us, two-way mirrors, surveillance cameras, nodding to each other, making little notes. I can't help it, Suze. It's this place. You know how I get in these stores. They freak me out. All these tiny boxes, little cans filled with eight syllable God knows what. All I'm saying is that the companies that have money for the kind of research you're interested in, have money because that's what they're interested in! Money! You think the chemists that invented Agent Orange twenty years ago were in school saying, 'Boy, I really got some good ideas for a highly toxic incendiary defoliant.' You think Oppenheimer was dreaming about mushroom clouds before the war? We'll see how wonderful it is after you spend the next twenty years making Agent Orange. Yeah, we'll see. That's what I thought. Sure. Can I ask you one more thing? You haven't published anything in a while. How come? Yeah. Do you ever wonder what happened to us, Susie? Right. You predicted it. I've read they're using it to repair cancer cells. I remember you said, nanotechnology was going to change the world. I've been thinking about you a lot all these years, locked up in my cell. I'd tear through every issue of the Midwest Science Journal looking for your latest findings, watching as you slowly worked your polymerization experiments up through single celled organisms to that holiest of holies, the fruit fly. Exciting stuff. I got to tell you, it really kept me going. A cage by any other name would still smell like sweaty ugly men. The big house. Oh yeah. See, Susie, a man doesn't do the hard time and just pick up where he left off. Oh no. The big house does things to a man. Oh no. Not by a long shot. I may look like the old Daniel O'Brien, but on the inside, nothing is the same. Somebody has to. You know, this and that. Been out for six months now. What? No kiss? Not even for old times sake? The question is, are you? All the different ways that I could kill you. An ass-beating. Would you like yours first, Mr. Sim? Yeah, I have something I've been meaning to give you. This is wonderfully accommodating of you all. Now I won't have to come looking for you. Forget it, pissboy! You tell Argon he can call my lawyer. I get it. You're the goon fetch boy. The zookeeper Argon calls in when one of his guinea pigs gets loose. What? I'm not going anywhere! You! I remember you!No. The captain of the containment crew is closing down the main lab. He says the area has got to be evacuated. Dr. Argon, everything's starting to come apart here. You hired me to take care of these matters of security and I am trying, but elements are making my job impossible. Dr. Bright has escaped. Look, I don't mean to rain on everyone's ascension here, but we got a little problem. You got it, Dr. Argon. How long do you leave him in there? Wellie well, Dr. Bright. You're just in time. And if we evacuate, what do you want to do with O'Brien? So, I guess it worked. Like Crazy Glue? What's it smell like? Okay. You want to tell me what I'm looking for? It's Sim. We're almost there. Maybe you're ready to find out if that hide of yours is bulletproof? Oh yeah? Yeah, and what might that be? You were looking for us? Only this ain't no tranquilizer gun. Now let's go! That's right. Oh yes you are! I'm real touched. Now get your Sunday's on. We're going for a ride. We lost him. Oh yeah, he's alive. Technically. Mrs. Argon? It's Sim. That's impossible. Pipe down, brain lady! And you... In fact, would it be safe to say, based on your general knowledge of this character, that he is already in the building? If this nutcase did take it and has half a brain, he'd use it right away, before we could invalidate it. 'Paranoia is what separates the secured from the unsecured.'