So where does that leave us, Mr. Welles? What kind of sad future are we two making? A future where men will do anything to sell their newspapers and their movies? A future where no price is too high for fame and power? When we will all scratch each other to pieces just to be heard? Intimately. For every sin you have placed on my head I could give you a hundred others. I have been swimming in blood my entire life. But I retain a belief, perhaps you will think it old fashioned, undoubtedly you will, but I believe that private lives should not be public property. I wonder. Do you have any idea what you have done? In Hollywood the fiercest bulls are the most brutally killed. Well, I wish you luck. It is a treacherous business. I see. And you are in California for what reason? The actor Who are you, sir? See what you can do about this CITIZEN KANE picture, won't you? Why is that, Louis? Oh, why is that? And maybe we could get Mr. Warner and Mr. Goldwyn and Mr. Cohn and Mr. Selznick to play as well. Apparently it details the exploits of a publisher like myself. Entirely too much like myself. Do you follow so far? Mm. Not a very good picture I am told. Quite. And this is why I came to visit. Have you heard about this CITIZEN KANE picture? Hope you don't mind my popping in-- Louis There is nothing to understand but this: I am a man who could have been great, but was not. castle -- still fighting old battles he will never win with Pulitzer and Roosevelt and Hollywood-- No, you don't. You want to condemn me, like everyone else. You want to point to the pathetic, old man grown lunatic with his spending -- trapped in his ridiculous I will not have this in my home. You are slovenly and unattractive and I won't t-t-t-tolerate it. You are repellant when you drink. That's right. You've captured me exactly. Goodnight. Not for me. I wanted it You needn't use that language with me It's 12th Century. From Deauville -- in France. You are being typically theatrical, Marion. I need the Tribune to-- There is nothing to discuss- We are in no "pickle" -- as you would euphemistically have it. I will not defend my life to you-- There's nothing to explain This picture-- Marion-- One . . . buys things. Yes. It's not really-- The S.E.C. has turned down my request for relief on the debts. Nothing for you to worry about, darling He is a Bolshevik. He will have us at war by the end of the year. I think I'm going to run that wheelchair picture. The Journal was pretty harsh to Roosevelt today. She's a Catholic. She says it would put her soul in peril. Divorce is a very serious sin, apparently. Darling, I talked to Millicent. There's no call for that language- Good. Retain that feeling. Let it nourish you from this day forth. It shall nourish us both And how do you feel when you are lied to? Please be quiet. I pay you a good deal of money to be my eyes and ears in Hollywood, do I not? If you cannot provide this simple service you are of no use to me. Why did we not know about this sooner? Miss Parsons, I have one additional question for you. Thank you for your time Yes? How so?love them so much that they ought to love you back. Only you want love on your own terms. " "You don't care about anything except you. You just want to persuade people that you We're not all hopped up on benzedrine, Orson I Some of us humans need sleep! I can't remember the lines! "You talk about the people as if you owned them. As though they belonged to you. As long as I can remember, you've talked about--" Orson, I am so goddamn tired--Yeah, you're probably right. Aw, cheer up, George'll probably be running Fox by the morning. Let's get a drink. Shit Face it, Orson, they're gonna hate it. I told you, not enough closeups and too many scenes with a bunch of New York actors. Hell, I know how it ends. Hey, Rosebud's the sled! This ain't George's doing--! Kinda. I told you this was going to happen! I told you he was going to come after us! So we took the chance anyway and we lost. That's how it goes, okay? I got my check, kid, and so did you -- and that's what it's all about -- so fuck it and move on. They won't let it out. Not Hearst. Not the other studio heads-- If he had known about KANE before you made it, you'd be dead already. Believe you me, they're gonna do anything -- and I mean absolutely anything -- to stop that word from gettin' out. Me, I'm proud to be a Jew, I got no problem. You don't like it, fuck you. But with these guys it's like a dirty word. All they wanna be is good red- white-and-blue Americans, and the way they see it you can't be a good American and a Jew. So Sam Goldfish becomes Sam Goldwyn and David Selznick becomes David 0. Selznick -- like anyone's gonna think he's Irish for fuck's sake-- This is just the first shot. Maestro. Sooner or later she's gonna use the word. And all those boys know that there is only one thing this country hates more than the coloreds and that's the Jews. Who owns this town? Who runs every goddamn studio? The tribe, baby. These fuckers hear the word "Jew" and they start sweating. Like Ester Williams' pool they start sweating. Jews. She's talking about Jews. No she's not. Don't you get it, ya lunk? She's using code language to the studio bosses. "Bedraggled foreigners and swarthy refugees" -- who the hell do you think she's talking about? "And how is the country to feel when this industry continues to employ bedraggled foreigners and swarthy refugees instead of real Americans? Doesn't Hollywood know there's a Depression on? Don't real Americans deserve work?" No, you gotta hear this- Hey, kid. Gregg. I don't give a shit about- I don't care. Fuck you. You wanted me out. I'm out. Uh huh. YOU CAN'T DO THIS TOME -- THIS WAS OUR STORY, REMEMBER? -- YOU AND ME AND GODDAMN EVERYONE ELSE - - REMEMBER THAT?! I --um-- I don't know if I should. I ain't been drinking since I started on this-- Craig is one syllable Cain -- like the Bible guy? The title? What? It's good, huh? Yeah, but the margins are real wide. And when he looks up? What does he dream about? And what does he see? They don't have to. She was . . . innocent This girl on a dock. White dress. Never said a word to her. Like a jewel. Turn it in the light and a different facet is illuminated. Everyone sees someone different. That's what we show. He'll destroy us. I can't do it. okay?! I drink too much -- I drink all the fucking time and I don't have it anymore. All that is over for me-- And yeah, sure, Hearst's a great subject. Been keeping notes on him for years for my ... great American novel. But I can't do it anymore. No studio's gonna hire me and I - - When I was a kid I wanted to scorch the world too - - I had all kinda dreams about making great pictures and telling great stories. But all that's finished for me-- I don't have it anymore?! Fuck you-- Let me out. Don't do this Don't do this Sorry to disappoint. Fuck you You may think you know what you're talking about, kid, but believe me, you don't. You're talking about going into a battle you can never win on a battlefield so far above things like movies and Hollywood that Hearst won't even have to glance down when he crushes you. When he flicks you away with one finger. I'm talking about money and influence and evil beyond your capacity to imagine Hell. Howard Hughes, he would just kill us. Hearst he would kill us and fuck everything we ever loved. Listen to you. You child! Men like him don't bother with things like legality. They don't have to. You know why, boy-o? Power. Power like you couldn't even begin to imagine. Orson. Stop. Just stop Don't whisper it. Don't even think it Please don't say this. Oh Christ Oh Christ... This better be good Oh for Christ's sake- Okay, boy wonder, what? Orson, please ... it's too bright Yeah, it's the place God would have built, if he'd had the money. The whole joint is half the size of Rhode Island. No, baby, those are the hands of a killer The old man has his own way of doing things I don't wanna write about no spic. Who the hell's Manolete? Kid, you just got your ass kicked on Joseph Conrad and now you're gonna go to Schaefer and tell him you wanna do the id and the superego? Stop being so goddamn smart. Sure. Dropped her out of his Lockheed over Utah I'm not fucking with Hughes. That shit-kicker would kill us dead, baby. Just like Jean Harlow Christ, we gotta go! The old man doesn't cotton to lateness. Like a bug. Right- You're a laugh-riot, kid. Then you better get ready to be the youngest never- was in Hollywood history. Butts on seats. That's what movies are about. You got one job in Hollywood -- everyone has the same job, in fact -- putting the butts on the seats. You gotta sell 'em popcorn and Pepsi- cola. It's all about popcorn and Pepsi-cola. Who the hell wants to see life?! People are sick to death of life! They want make-believe, pal. Fantasy. They want Tarzan and Jane, not Tristan and Isolde. Nope. What are movies about? What are movies about, Orson? But you keep coming up with the same elitist crap - - HEART OF DARKNESS with a million dollar budget?! - - no one wants to see that. I don't know what you expected with Joseph- fucking-Conrad for Chrissake. I mean this is Hollywood, pal. So ain't this just the bee's knees? The high muckey-mucks dolled up all Aztec-like for the human sacrifice. Monstro! Ran into Walter Winchell outside He wants to play Herod in the picture. Hiya, George. Oh God. Yeah, ain't it swell?Yeah Bel Air is restricted. You know that can't happen. Yeah Uh-hub. Over at RKO? Randolph! You're bettin' on an inside straight this time. You'll never pull it off. Yes Yes We already made the same offer to the stockholders. No, maybe put it on the shelf until the old man kicks it. That's for me to decide. And we gotta be clear here. I need the negative and every existing print. 800,000 dollars fully covers the production budget and a little more. Hell, George, you even make a profit on the deal. It came."Rosebud? I'll tell you about Rosebud "Rosebud? I'll tell you about Rosebud." "Rosebud? I'll tell you about Rosebud. "Rosebud? I'll tell you about Rosebud. "Rosebud? I'll tell you about Rosebud.Can I talk to Hearst? Oh for God's sake, Louella- Louella, please, be reasonable, I understand you have problems with Orson's picture but maybe we can work something out-- Hearst? He personally asked you to? That might be a tad difficult because Orson is scoring the picture now and he's very particular about the music-- No -- no -- I mean-- Louella, hello, I was just fixing a drink, would you like--? Herman. I been talking to Swanbeck in New York and... Orson, I think they're gonna take it A long pause as Welles looks at Schaefer And they went to the stockholders in New York. They came to me with an offer. 800,000 for the negative and all the prints. He truly doesn't care if he ever works again. Get out. Get out You talked to Mr. Swanbeck? You talked to New York? You're lying to me. You're going to destroy it To do what? Very generous Without me. I'm afraid. I got the axe this morning. It was the best, kid You know something, Orson, you haven't done anything but lie to me from the moment we met. But, ya know, I'd do it again in a second. Oh God. . . Happy birthday. I think you better sit down The Palace in New York. But Orson there's something else. Hold on a sec. I got news. We finally found somewhere to premiere KANE but-- No, we're jake. But listen- You wanna commit suicide, fine! You got some death- wish, fine! But you will not drag this company down with you! This isn' t some kinda fucking game! You know how many people RKO employs?! You know how many people depend on what we do for a living?! Who the fuck are you trying to kid? You are that soulless monster. Do you every think for one second that you might have some responsibility for what you're doing?! For cutting and slashing everything in your way so you can have your goddamn movie?! "Your movie" -- I am so sick of that! It's your movie -- but it's his life! Did you ever think about that?! Did you ever think about that old man and Marion having to watch as you tore them apart?! How dare you talk to me like that! Do you think I'm like all the rest of those pirates?! Like Mayer and Warner? Is that what you think--?! For Christ's sake, shut up-- Well it' s all you've got ! Listen to me. The press ban is killing us and the distributors won't book it. And meantime I'm dealing with the stockholders in New York who are scared shitless -- and I'm this far from getting fired myself -- and you don't have a friend in the world but me right now. So you have got to trust that I'll do what I can to-- You don't think I've tried? No one is willing to open the picture What do you want me to do, Orson? Radio City won't premiere the picture. Louella threatened them with some bullshit about And this is the evening edition. Notice anything? When Hedda says "I'm coming" you mix a lot of martinis and you pray. They've all seen a rough cut For the title It's the safe bet, Orson. There's nothing wrong with that. Do WAR OF THE WORLDS as a feature and everyone's happy. You make some money and New York's happy and you have a track record and then we'll move on to KANE. Now don't have a fit -- but I want you to think again about doing WAR OF THE WORLDS- Listen, get off your horse with me. You know I've stuck by you since the beginning of time it seems like, while the stockholders in New York were ready to cut and run and everyone else in Hollywood was set to toss me in a rubber room. But your contract stipulates a max budget of 500 thousand. This one's gonna come in at 750 thousand. What do we do about that? Now look, Orson, let's not get ahead of ourselves. The budget projections on this-- CITIZEN KANE There's your title. CITIZEN KANESurely My pleasure, Miss Davies.. Of course, of course. How can we be of service? Not one of them today has what you had, Miss Davies. Not one of them. Well, this is a great pleasure. Miss Davies! I just saw that ENCHANTMENT is playing at a the Tivoli, the revival house in Santa Monica. That was a fine picture! Excuse me, I hope this isn't rude, but aren't you Marion Davies? May I help you?You want to do the life of Jesus? He's Christ? Oh, no-- We done? Orson -- we can't get the fucking camera any fucking lower so find another fucking shot! I know what you want but it can't be done! Spare me the aria, I know what you want-- Orson, you wanna take five?That poor woman. Carole, you wound me! As if I could hope to pacify you with evasions of-- Oh, but haven't you heard? I'm the Boy Wonder. I've been a genius since the moment I was born. Am I? I wonder sometimes. Not you too No, when I was but a tender lad-- Ever met Walter Winchell? Elegant words, sir, when you have made your name and your fortune on slander and innuendo and gossip. In your papers you taught the world how to look under every rock. I learned at the knee of the master. Do you? I'll remember that. So I've been told. To make pictures. And director. My name is Orson Welles "A toast then, Jedediah, to love on my own terms. Those are the only terms anybody ever knows, his own." You're not going to get another chance, boy! Look right at the monster and you tell him-- This is the chance you've been waiting for, boy. Tell that son of a bitch just what you think of him! Then make them up! You're drunk and you're angry. Keep filming. "Well, if you got drunk to talk to me about Miss Alexander, don't bother. I'm not interested. I've set back the sacred cause of reform, is that it? All right, if that's the way they want it, the people have made their choice. It's obvious the people prefer Jim Gettys to me." I am not doing Hearst. That's right. A symphony of those: vaunted and valued tellers-of-truth. Those heroic minutemen standing sentry on our liberties-- Good God no! The character is a delicious amalgamation of various press barons-- We're using- What we are going to do is shoot life -- in all it's joyous complexity. Tome it's a question of truth and illusion. Don't you get tired of the errant falsity in motion pictures? You know, all this nightmare we went through with Hearst. The whole thing... And in the end, probably no one will ever remember the picture anyway. What have I done? George... Mank! You gonna watch? YOU STUPID, LITTLE MAN! HOW COULD YOU HAVE LET THIS HAPPEN?! I GAVE YOU MY SOUL AND NOW YOU'RE GOING TO SELL IT!? Is that from one of the Gospels? You wrote the damn thing, Mank Aren't you going to fight for it?! It's too late. The movie's made What?! Are they going to kill me? Is that what they're going to do?! What does this have to do with--? Christ. So they're Jews. . . Hedy Lamarr? Well, at least she's off KANE today No, but I can imagine. What am I today? A "puny upstart" or a "spoiled dilettante" -- no, she wouldn't know how to spell that Mank, sit down. You missed the opening of the new picture but I'll go back-- He was a drunk. And he was my father and I was ashamed of him. Did I ever tell you about my father? I'm sorry. I want you back I just can't . . see it anymore And I'm looking at them -- and they're all looking at me and I don't know who should pour the tea. ' Jesus Christ -- To my invaluable comrade Drink up! But it's not a great syllable K-A-N-E. One strong syllable. Kane I No, AMERICAN is a blessed title directly sent from God's soul to your mind. We shall never change that! I mean the name of the publisher. Charles Foster Craig doesn't have the knives-out poetry I need. I was thinking about "Kane" -- you like that? Short enough. But this is a grand start And I think we need to change the name. Good?! Good?! Words fail you at last! It's terrific! Now I'll have to do some shaping, of course, and some of the scenes aren't exactly . . . exactly . . . It is 350 pages of ... ABSOLUTE INSPIRATION! It's 350 pages long. The people. When they pay him homage, he adores them. But when they have the ... audacity to question him. To doubt him. To embarrass him. Then he despises them. Hearst looks down at the world at his feet Everything has always been beneath him. He loves in his own way. On his conditions. Because those are the only conditions he has ever known. All men love. But men like Hearst -- they don't bother with convention because-- Why her? The key -- the key -- the clue -- what does this man recall on his death bed? Okay, Mank, you're dying. What's the last image that comes to you? Right now. How? So, who is he? We have to know him. Then let him. What have we got to lose, you and I? NOT UNLESS I. TELL YOU IT IS I'll hire you -- right now- It doesn't have to be I am giving you the last chance you will ever have to be yourself again! Listen to me- --Because he has been so furiously busy wasting himself. Amusing his keepers. Because he is a sycophant! Because he has been thrown out of every studio in Hollywood and no one will hire him because he's a drunk- -! Where did he go? He hasn't had a screen credit in four years-- I remember a man who wrote I He was a brilliant writer who dazzled me time and time again with his wit and insight-- How does it feel, Mank? Going up to the palace and making all the lords and ladies laugh as you tell your little stories and beg for crumbs at the table? How does it feel being the ugly little monkey they keep to amuse themselves--?! I expected more from you. So speaks the court jester. We're doing Hearst. Now remember he's a public figure who sought out that publicity so legally he can't stop us from-- How long have we spent casting our minds about the world when the answer to our prayers was right here under our noses -- every single day in the newspapers and on the radio -- waiting for us in that ridiculous castle! Waiting for--! Mank- Yes. Image the possibilities as this man controls the public perception of the nation through his-- Image a man that has shaped his time. A titanic figure of limitless influence. Think about empire. A man with an empire at his feet. A man, like a baron, living in a palace, a glorious palace on a hill, and controlling the permutations of everyone beneath him. Feudal. I know who we're going to get I The great American biography! A journey into the soul of the beast. Listen ... I've got it! It came to me like a thief in the night! Pure inspiration! Total magnificence! Here you are, up with the birds for once, you vampire! Mank! You scoundrel! What took you so long?! Jesus "In Xanadu did Kubla Khan a stately pleasure dome decree. . . "How big is it, all told? The estate? Look at those hands. Those are the hands of an artist. A modern Caravaggio. He's nothing but a hypocrite. He preaches morality every day in his sordid little papers for everyone else in the world but he lives openly with his mistress. The man doesn't allow drinking or cigars? This is monstrous. No, it's perfect! When in doubt, put on a cape! False noses and faux beards and flowing capes have been the life-blood of the actor's craft since the days of lrving and Booth. Imagine me in a glittering suit of lights on the dusky Andalusian plains-- The great Spanish bullfighter Manolete?! Sigmund Freud? Howard Hughes killed Jean Harlow? How about Howard Hughes? We could do Hughes But with compassion and insight-- We find the man and then we dissect him- So, we've got to come up with our movie. Our biography. That's better than being the oldest has-been in Hollywood history. Not for me. Magic Showing life Telling stories. Forget it- Nonsense All right! Enough! I've heard this from Schaefer and RKO. I've heard it from everyone-- Again Again Again Again. Again. So, on to the Life Of Christ! It was fun, wasn't it? Relax, George. It's gonna go great. Trust me. Have I ever lied to you? It's my birthday this week. I'll be 26. I don't want to sit I told you! Where? Grauman's? El Capitan? Or did Radio City come crawling back? Look, not a single scene shot in the studio! We've found natural locations for the whole story-- You're not still mad at me, I hope It was a -joke, George I really think you're That soulless monster gets no tears from me. It's just that my movie is so- Why don't you just have the guts to admit it You're with them, aren't you? You're going to bury my movie. They bought you! "Do what you can"?! That's not good enough I Then we'll open it in Detroit or Dallas or Kalamazoo for God's sake! We'll show it in goddamn circus tents and--! Then find another theater The ad.. The magazines are one thing -- but Hedda! Why did we have to let her come?! This is an abomination There's no music and-- Ah, it's a grand title. Please don't ask me to do this. Jesus I know, I know! But what more can you expect of me?! I have pared this story down to the marrow to save money but to cut more would be to--! A "Z" and a "K" in the title. That would draw the eye. For the poster. I like that THE PRISONER OF ZENDA had a "Z" and a "P" and that worked-- Pardon? It's an awful title, of course, but I can't think of anything better. Someone came up with A SEA OF UPTURNED FACES -- which has a nice, grand ring to it -- and I thought of JOHN CITIZEN, USA but that strikes me as a bit Warner Brothers. Or, God forbid, Capraesque. I suppose AMERICAN will do for now but-- Yes! Vibrant and modern and stark like a Picasso sketch drawn to flashes of lightning I We shoot the whole thing in the gallant American West-- I'm Christ Yes! Yeah. How 'bout a real drink? Take apart the fucking camera rig -- we could get a few more inches down and then tilt up-- I need my shoes in total focus right here and also Joe back there--! It's just not low enough. This is the scene. We have to look up at these two man as pillars soaring to the sky. As towering virtues in combat-- Five...? Yes. No. We're done today