God dammit Cathy I have no time for this crap! I'm supposed to be at the premiere of STAB 2 right Now, arm and arm with my girlfriend cause she's got a bit part in that over advertised piece of shit and I'm just going to humor her. You mena to tell me that in all your squandering the best you can do for me is A bit role in STAB 3: RETURN TO WOODSBORO?! Come on! It's just another cheap slasher flick! How dare you offer me such a role! I've done Shakespeare! I've worked with directors like DePalma and Scorcesse and you offer me this crap?! It's insulting. I should  fire you and go to ICM. You want Respect, Cathy? Here's your respect. FUCK YOU! You're fired. Unfucking believable. Stab 3: Return To Woodsboro.  Pah. What's next, Friday The 13TH PART 15: What's up, B.D. with the B.D. Christine? Look, I'm stuck on the freeway. I think there was some big accident. It could be a little while so I don't want you to start freaking if I don't get there at exactly, Eight thirty. Oh I wouldn't miss it for the world. I bet you did such a great job. Heh heh I bet they are babe. I bet they are. Look, my battery's dying . . . Jesus. Hello? Hello. Who is this? Who is this? Well what number are you trying to reach? I think you got the wrong number, buddy. Do I? Uh-huh. Look bro, my battery is running out. Really wish I could chat, but I can't so, later. Wait, wait. Don't hang up. Asshole, Can't talk. But your voice sounds so familiar. Does it now? Well ya got me. That's me. I'm Ben Damon. Really? You're such a talented actor. Thanks. What do you mean? I mean, I'm standing right outside the LADIES  ROOM door at the PLAZA THEATER. Your girlfriend  Christine is in there.  She's all alone.  Everyone's in the auditorium waiting for the film  to start. I've got my knife. Listen you sick fuck, is this your idea of a joke? More of a game really. What kind of a game? You seem to be familiar with the STAB movies. Here's how we play. I ask you a question.  You get it right, your girlfriend lives.  You answer wrong, she dies. I swear to God if you lay a finger on her  I'll fucking kill you! Maybe so, but right now, we play the game.  First question, Your girlfriend's counting on  you, Name your girlfriend's character in STAB 2? Come on. Don't you know? It's CICI! Cici's the name of the character  she plays in the movie! Very good. Now we play ROUND 2. What?! But I did everything you said to do! That's right. And you beat ROUND 1. Now we're  taking the game to a whole new level.  Meet me  beneath the Hollywood sign in ten minutes.  I'll have your girlfriend. We'll be waiting. What?! Good bye Ben. Due to the high volume of calls this evening, Dispatch is temporarily shut down. If this is not a real emergency please call another dep- You're not playing by the rules Ben. Don't you want her to live? I swear to God if you lay one hand on her! No! You listen to me, if you're not where I want you in fifteen minutes I'll hollow her out. Do you understand? Thank God I decided to do some community service. Yeah. Very good. You follow directions well. Now for the final part of the game. Put down the bat and approach the sign, slowly. Where are you? Closer than you think. Alright I'm here. What the fuck do you want from me? To see your reaction. Reaction to what? OHMYGOD! NO! You just lost the role Ben. Consider this your parting gift. Good morning Gale. Pleasure to be here. Well it's a honor to be here amongst so many fans of the genre. And I must say that any of you worried that Jerry Rapp, or Tori or David not returning to complete the STAB trilogy, have no fear, Roman is here. Aided with my excellent cast of newcomers I believe we're going to pull off one of the best Stabs yet. Honestly, my life. Well if you were in my shoes, dealing with  those big Time Sunrise Studio producers like  I do on a daily basis, you'd watch how quick  your life goes from a Walt Disney picture to  a Tobe Hooper flick. Sure. I'm sorry Miss Weathers. Allow me to  introduce myself, MARK KINCAID, L.A.P.D. Are you familiar with the actor Ben Damon,  or the actress CHRISTINE PERKINS? Both of them were found brutally murdered this  morning under the Hollywood sign. Autopsy  reports having come back to me yet but the  bodies looked like something out one of the Stab films. I wish that was all Miss Weathers, but  there's more. The killer left a note. There's more. I've tried to get in touch with Sidney Prescott, but she's keeping herself very well hidden. You're my one and only hope in finding her. Her life may be in grave danger. And who would that be? Hey Dew, did you hear? No, what? Somebody iced Ben Damon and his girlfriend. That's Hollywood Tom. One day you're making movies in the hills, the next day  you're posing for the coroner downtown on a slab. And still the film is Number One at the box office this weekend. Beat out American Pasty and Arlington Street. Nah I think it's doing so damn well because one of it's players got iced. I just hope none of us end up dead. And that CICI chick wasn't that bad either but I'm really concerned about my safety  now. (reading from script) I'm just saying, though. What if there's someone out there stalking actors? Huh? Then what? Melinda McGraw? Listen Miss ing�nue, your cheering me up to much, Give it a break. What? What'd I do? Relax your crack sweetheart I didn't rip those two fucks up last night. Jeez. So what are you doing tonight? Talk about moody. And how about you good looking? Got any plans for later? Oh no. I ain't into that shit. Well well, someone dies and Gale Weathers comes running. What a shock. Mr. Rielly? My name is Mark Kincaid. I'm with the L.A.P.D. Are you awareof last night's Events? Yeah. A real tragedy. What so you can just exploit her again with another book? Sid doesn't need you Gale. Mr. Rielly, this was found alongside the bodies of  Ben and his girlfriend. I promised Sid I'd keep her in seclusion. I promised her nobody would ever find her. If you don't mind Detective, I'd like to approach her with this on my own and see what she'd like to do about it. That's fine Mr. Rielly, but if anyone else should die, I'm going to have to get a warrant. Understood. If you'll excuse me Detective. Gale. I'm going to have a little chat with the producers. Don't wander off. I may need you. I can assure you that security on the set will be at an all time high. Again, the deaths are sheer tragedy. Well, I'd hate to see the production shut down. I myself am a big STAB fan. Really? Have you ever thought about acting? You've got just the right face. I am kind of dedicated to my job. Although I do enjoy taking acting around these studios anyway. I know my way around. My Uncle was a screenwriter for PARAMOUNT. Really, what was his name? GALE WEATHERS?! What are you doing here? No press on the set! No press, no press on set! Get that woman out of here. Yes, Mr. Milton. No, Mr. Milton, Miss Weathers is with me. Well then, I guess I'll be leaving then. Listen Lois Lane, I love your show and  all but last month I happened to catch  your little segment on me and how my wife  left me because I'm a sex addict who  enjoys screwing fifteen year old girls.  It was a real eye opener my lawyers are  still thinking about bringing to your  superior's attentions. I go to the police station and do my job, and you go back to being Gale Weathers. Look, Miss Weathers, if there's a problem,  give me a call. Here's my card. I'm always there. This is Laura in Monterey reporting in for work. Alright Laura I'll patch you right  in to a call. Thanks. Yes, hi I'm Laura, I'm a trained counselor. How can I help you. Are you sure? Well then the people you need to call are the police. I'm sorry, your voice. Who the fuck is this? The mutilated bodies were discovered late  last night by the L.A.P.D, prominent actor  Ben Damon was slated for a role in the  upcoming STAB 3: RETURN TO WOODSBORO -- Do you think it's over Sidney? Do you? W-what do you want? I want to finish what I started. I want to finish the game. You sick fuck I'm tracing this call as we speak! The police are gonna nail your ass! Let them try. You'll never find me. I've already gotten away with murder before. For instance, Maureen Prescott. No. You didn't kill my mother. Billy Loomis and Stu Macher did. Heh. So you think Sidney. So you think. It's all been building up to this Sid. Every STAB. Every SCREAM. Every ounce of blood that's been spilled has all been leading up to this moment. WELCOME TOTHE FINAL ACT. The final act? Well let's play asshole! No. We play in my court this time. Come to Hollywood. STAB 3's going to cutting  corners cast-wise.  And I've got my eyes set  on a technical advisor named Dewey Rielly. If you lay a hand on him I'll fucking kill you! Great. A spirited one. I'll be seeing you real soon Sidney. Real soon. Stan! My man does great work. Thank you. Thank you very much. Roman and everybody else went home for  the night. I'm here for a make-up test. No. Yeah I bet. Sarah, it's Roman, I'm sorry I'm running  late, I'm still on the 405, I'm about 10  minutes away. All right, since I got you on the phone,  let's talk about your character. You're not happy with your part. Um hmm...  umhmm great, so let's run the  lines. Page 22, Candy's big moment. Hello. Who's this? Why don't we just read the scene?  Candy, is  that like candy cane or candy apple? But you know my favorite name? It's Sarah. It is in my script. It's not just a new script, it's a new movie. My movie. It's called, Sarah gets sliced like a  fucking pig. Still in character, Sarah? Mr. Bridger? That's STAB 3, Miss Weathers. It looks like we're going to be getting a warrant to speak with Miss Prescott anyway. Yes well we have a suspect, so don't get that worried. I'm not at liberty to tell you that Miss Weathers. You're no longer working with the L.A.P.D. I don't even know why you're standing in here right now. By all means I should have you thrown out. In my fifteen years as a homicide detective I've never met a single soul as pushy and brazen as you are Miss Weathers. Deal, but I'm still Detective Kincaid,ok? Mark, Bridger's in custody. We traced his phone records. He's the last person to speak to Sarah Darling before she died. Or at least call her home. Listen, Diane Sawyer, this here is classified  information. Why don't you go investigate  the bad meat at the A.P. This is police work, not Pulitzer material. No, cool it Wallace. She's working with me. Mr. Bridger, you didn't tell us you spoke with Sarah Darling before she died. That's because I didn't. The guard said she was there for a meeting with you. What meeting? We talked to her roommate, too.  Says you called Sarah and told her to come down to the studio.  Roommate  answered the phone, says it was you. Wait a minute!  I never called her! I never told  her to go   anywhere! Roommate says she knows your voice, Mr. Bridger. Well, she wasn't speaking with me!  Look, I did  not call   Sarah Darling! Sarah Darling said you did. Someone is trying to ruin my movie.   Someone wants to kill   my movie! Hey, look at it this way, if anything this'll  be something interesting to put on the  director's commentary for when the film hits DVD. been one ensie little murder. God, three people died  during the filming of The Exorcist. Well I doubt they were stabbed to death and I  strongly doubt the killer of them left messages  on the scene for the police to find. They found another note? You mean OUR past as in Me and Sid. This has nothing to do with you Gale. Do you really mean it this time Gale? Why would the police come to you? What about me? So it's off to London for a week?  New York for a  month? L.A Forever? What's wrong with just being Gale Weathers?   I liked her! You used to say that was our strength. Brace yourself, Gale, all of this is actually not  About you. Off the record. Two months ago, the Woodsboro police got a call from a woman who said she was with 'Stab 3'.  She wanted to  see the file on Sid, for research. The boys said no.  She wouldn't give her name.   A month later, the station gets broken into,  the file room ransacked. I already removed it.  I think someone on the  film was trying to find Sid, and that's the only  reason I came here. To make do a little  private investigating of my own and make sure no  one here was planning anything. What part of 'Off the record' don't you understand? I've got my suspicions but still,  nothing  you say can ever make me take  my eyes off one person. Jennifer needs me. I'm on duty. Stop following me. You're not a detective. Gale, your engine's still running. Gale Weathers. What a surprise. Hey I really liked that piece you did on me last month. The one where you said my car accident was caused by me drinking and drugs, and how I faked the tire blow-out just so my insurance wouldn't sky rocket. Really, cause that stunt lost me the lead role in Roman Polanski's latest picture. Huh, what a coincide I was picked up by Roman Bridger. Well, not exactly the Roman I wanted. Get my point? STAB 3 is bullshit. Fuck, because of your big mouth I'm here, drinking piss water SCOTCH with Second rate fucking celebrities like Jennifer Jollie and yourself! Hey, I just got an idea. Maybe I should Have a look at your break line. That your car over there? You mean what's left of us. Yeah I'm running on empty anyways. Gotta refuel. Hey good looking, if you play your cards right,  I may be able to sit you down on my casting couch  and try you out for a few films my  production  company is working on. How do you feel about a DEEP THROAT remake? I'll be right back. Angelina! Hey! Where the hell are you? I was only playing! Hey look, I can really get you a bit part! Just come on out! Ok? Damn it. There goes my chances of getting some head from her. Aaaangelina? Angelina? You fucker! Fucker! What about Sidney? Ssh. Maybe it's Tom or Angelina. I'll get it. Don't worry. I'm prepared for anything. It's Gale. She farts when she gets nervous. Alright don't panic! Just a fuse. Hurry! Everyone out the back way! Now! Answer it! Hello Jennifer. Wanna play a little game? I just might! Gale he's dead. Come on. Let's get out of here. OH. OH GOD. GALE -- OH SHIT! RUN! Whoever it is, now is taking credit  for Maureen Prescott's murder. Yeah, but, if I'm not mistaken, you said in  your book that Sidney got it wrong before.   She accused Cotton Weary of murdering her mother,  and he was sent away for it!  Maybe there is a  third killer.  Sidney Might know something I told you, I don't know where Sidney is.   And even if there was a third killer,  Sidney doesn't know about it. That is for me to decide.  I need to talk to her Mr. Riley, she is a key element in this case.  I have a press  in an hour, and I need to explain why there are four dead  celebrities. Ben Damon. Christine Perkins. Sarah Darling. Tom Prinze. That's four, last time I learned  how to count. What about Angelina Tyler? She was there too. Police are still searching through the debris. Could be days before we find her . . . that is, if she's even there. Actually, there was more this time. This time, we found a picture too. Before you jump to conclusions, the man in  the picture, COTTON WEARY, is out of the country  on business. His alibi checks out. Seems he's got a TV show in Australia, 100% COTTON. It's supposedly the biggest thing down under since Yahoo Serious, but that's besides the point. What does this have to do with Sid? Who knows more about Maureen Prescott than her own daughter? Well Sid's dad couldn't help you and he  was married to Maureen. What's your problem?  Last night you were almost  charcoal.  You gonna help us or what? Do you wanna have this conversation with a polygraph? Is that a threat, Detective? When it's a threat, you'll know it. Is that a threat? Wrong, this issue is Sidney Prescott!  And either  Mr. Riley is going to obstruct justice or is going  to put me in touch with her.  So, where is she? Hi, you've reached the machine. Leave a message,  talk as long as you'd like. Sid it's me, this is the sixth time I've called. Please pick up, I wanna make sure you're Okay. Sid! DEWEY! What are you doing here? I told you to stay hidden! It's not safe for you up here. Well it's not safe for me up there either. The killer found me Dewey. He called me last night. What? I figured I'd be safe If I was at least up here with the people I care about. Now where's this Kincaid guy the news is talking about? I found this place from a FOX 5 TV NEWS REPORT. Heh. Follow me. Detective Kincaid? What Rielly? There's someone here who wants to help. Hi, Gale. I'm glad you're all right. Sid, this is detective Kincaid. Nice to finally meet you, Sidney. The killer called her. What?  When? Oh, you know, the usual small talk,  "What's new, how ya been, how do you want  to die?" Sidney, do you have any idea how he could've  gotten your number? He could've monitored the calls on a scanner.   Did you call her from the set? No. Oh.  Yeah, I guess I do. Just Jennifer.   And you. Hey, I'm the cop here.  You're in my office, Riley. The killer leaves a newspaper clipping at each murder, Sidney. Recently he's also left a photo of your mother. Why didn't you tell me?  This is my mother, Dewey.   Why didn't you say something? I was afraid they were bait, something to,  ya know,  trick you out of hiding. Listen, Detective, I wanna see this studio where all this shit's going down. Are you sure? Absolutely. Alright Sid, over there is the STAB 3 Production offices. That's where Sarah Darling was murdered last night. Mm, what a waste of Silicone. What does my mother have to do with this  all Dewey? We're a long way from Woodsboro. Oh my God Karen you scared the shit out of me! What are you doing here? Karen Colcheck. From Woodsboro. She was Randy's only girlfriend . . . ever. It's been a while? You still working  at Bradley's? Told you I'd make a movie someday, huh? Well, if you're watching this tape, it means  as I feared, I did not survive these killings  here at Windsor College.   Anyway, the reason  I am here is to help you, so that my death  will not be in vain.  That my life's work, will  help save some other poor soul from getting mutilated.   If this killer does come back, and he's for real,  there are a few things that you gotta remember.   Is this simply another sequel?  Well, if it is, same  rules apply.  But, here's the critical thing.  If you  find yourself dealing with an unexpected backstory,  and a preponderance of exposition,  then the sequel  rules do not apply.  Because you are not dealing  with a sequel, you are dealing with the concluding  chapter of a trilogy. A trilogy? That's right.  It's a rarity in the horror field,  but it does exist, and it's a force to be reckoned  with, because true trilogies are all about going back  to the beginning and discovering something that wasn't  true from the get go.  'Godfather', 'Jedi', all revealed  something that we thought was true, that wasn't true.   So  if it is a trilogy you are dealing with, here are some  super trilogy rules.   One, you got a killer who's gonna be  super human.  Stabbing him won't work, shooting him  won't work, basically in the third one, you gotta  cryogenically freeze his head, decapitate him, or blow him  up.   Number two; anyone including the main character can  die.  This means you, Sid.  I'm sorry, it's the final  chapter.  It can be fuckin  'Reservoir Dogs' by the  time this thing is through.  Number three; the past  will come back to bite you in the ass!  Whatever you  think you know about the past, forget it.  The past is  not at rest, any sins you think were committed in  the past are about to break out and destroy you. NUMBER  FOUR,Never, ever under any circumstances go running off  by yourself, cause if Friday the 13th has taught us  anything, it's that the next time we're gonna see you,  you're gonna have a fence post jutting out from your  back. So in closing, let me say good luck, God Speed,  and for some of you, I'll see you soon, cause the rules  say, some of you ain't gonna make it.  I didn't, not  if you're watching this tape. Thanks Karen. You be careful. Do you want us to come with you? I can see nothing's changed. No. Listen Dewey I have to go to the bathroom. Do you want me to come with you Sid? I mean, remember what Randy said? No I'll be ok. I've got my mace. My knife. These two lethal weapons. Sure you don't need a police escort? That's what we're here for. No really, I'll be fine. I'll be right back. H-hello? Anyone there? Sidney. Shit. Don't worry, I've got a permit for it. Jesus Christ Dewey help me! They tried to kill me in the bathroom! The killers! Wait a second? Killers? There's two of them now? Aw shit! Yeah this is Wallace. We got a problem   down  here on the Sunrise Studios lot. No not another one. At least not yet. Yeah we've had an attack. Do you need medical assistance? No. Oh really. Alright, see you in a minute. What? Well I got some good news in a way. Roman Bridger didn't make those calls To Sarah Darling. Police let him go. Here's the bad news: The cellular was cloned, it's untraceable. We now have no suspects. Nevermind, what'd you two find? What are you talking about? The head of the studio? I was attacked in the bathroom. Wallace, shouldn't you be investigating the bathroom? I'm waiting for back-up. I don't carry bullets in my gun unless I know I'm gonna use em. Jesus Christ Sidney, what happened? I got a call on my cell from home. They told me that someone was attacked. And what made you think it was Sidney? Sid, get in my car. You're coming    back to the station with me where it's    safe. Roman I know you're upset. But there will be other movies. I know. Ah, VARIETY called you a Pariah? Well fuck them. I got a great script on my desk. It's called TRAGIC John Sayles. I'm thinking you for Director. What? Come in. No, not to you Roman. Look I'll talk to you later. Bye. So you knew Sidney Prescott's mother. Who? Do you know how many actors have worked for me? Hundreds, thousands. What's your point? No point, I'm just gonna give Detective Kincaid a call. I remember her!  She was a bit player in a couple  of my movies. A nobody! So what does it matter? What the hell are you guys getting at?  I make horror  films, that's what I do.  The Studio came to me  with 'Stab'.  They came to me, check it out. But you know who she was. When we did the first 'Stab" I realized I'd  known Maureen Prescott before, I mean as Rina.   I couldn't tell anyone.  Can you imagine the press? Get real, that would make me a suspect! Yeah. Now you listen to me, Lois Lane, let it go.   It's dead and buried. Daddy took ol' Yeller  out behind the barn and shot him in the head a  long time ago. It was in the 70's, everything was different.   I was well known for my parties, Rina knew what they were.   It was for girls like her to meet men, men who could get  them parts, if they made the right impression.  Nothing  happened to her that she didn't invite, in one way or  another, no matter what she said afterwards. I'm saying things got out of hand.  Maybe they  did take advantage of her!.  Maybe the sad truth  is, this is not the city for innocence.  No charges  were brought.  And the bottom line is, Rina Reynolds  wouldn't play by the rules.  You wanna get ahead in  Hollywood, you gotta play the game, or go home. What do you know about trilogies? You mean like, movie trilogies? You seem to like movies, Detective. Call me Mark, would you?  Cause I'm gonna keep  calling you Sidney. I'll call you Mark when you catch the killer,  Detective. All I know about movie trilogies is in the third one,  all bets are off. Did you request this case? No, they tend to put me on the ones that deal  with the business.  I grew up here, and I know my  way around the studios. Must be exciting, Beautiful place, beautiful people. To me Hollywood is about death. Excuse me? I'm a homicide detective, remember?  When you    see what I see day in and day out, the violence that  people do to each other, you get haunted.   I think you know about that. What do you mean? I know what it's like to see ghosts that don't   Go away.  To be watching a scary movie in your head,   whether you want to or not,  watching it alone. Ghosts are tough,  you can't shoot ghosts. Can't arrest ghosts.  But the best way to stop  being haunted is to be with people.  You're here,  you're not hiding, you've done the right thing,  Miss Prescott. Hmm. What did you know about your mother? I used to think I had the perfect mom, perfect  family.  Till I found out I was wrong.  She had a  secret life, and I tried to understand that, and  soon as I thought I had, more secrets.  I don't'  know who my mom was. mother for the first time. You know, with TV and  those movies and what not. God sometimes I feel  like I'm just learning about myself for the first  time. Like I'm watching my life instead of living in it. Here's the deal, I'm off to search the soundstage.  That's good news. How is that good news? Because, that means that we're dealing with an ordinary,  flesh and blood killer.  And I know how to handle  guys like that. Oh yeah, how? Catch him, or kill him. Hey Detective?  What's your favorite scary movie? My life. Mine too. Ssh ladies. John Milton. Wanna play a game? Who is this? You tell me. You bankrolled three  movies about me. have you killed! I shut down production on that piece of  shit STAB 3! We had a no talent director and the  lousiest Sidney Prescott on the planet but that was  besides the point! You still killed MY movie! A John  Milton film! And if you ever try and cross me again you'll be sorry. My next movie is gonna be a grandiose step up  from this slasher shit! It's a film written and directed  by John Sayles. Oh poor John. There's not gonna be another film.  Well, at least not for you. Hold on Gale, I'm a pro at this. Let's get this drawer open. If it's locked, there must be something   inside he's trying to hide. Who is it? Huh? Gale run! Jesus Gale what happened? Alright, calm down. I'm going   to radio in for backup right now. Not so fast. We're not finished. I wouldn't run if I were you Gale. It's only gonna end up with you getting Skewered like a fucking pig. I need you. I need you as bait. For Sidney. Hello? Hello? Who is this? Who is this? Um wh-who's calling? Um wh-who's calling? Gale, Dewey, whoever, um, call me back,  I can only hear myself. I only her you too, Sidney. Who is this? The question isn't who I am.  The question is,  who's with me. Don't do it!  If you do one thing to attract  attention, one thing, I'll kill them both.    Now, do you have somewhere we can be alone? Yes. Go there. Always hard being friends with you, Sidney.   When you're friends with Sidney, you die!   Well these friends don't have to, Sidney.   It's up to you. How do I know their voices are -- Are real?  How do you know you're not hearing things?   How do you know I'm not someone in your head?   Somewhere, you know. Don't come here Sidney! Or do you? You're dead! I don't want them, I want you!  It's simple.  You show yourself, they survive, you run,  they die! Don't you want to know Sidney? Don't you want to  know who killed her?  Don't you want to know who  killed your mother? Have you seen Kincaid? NO.  But Wallace is around. Where? She'd have been so happy, Sidney, to know we'd be together. WHERE? I'll call you, when you're on your way. Fuck! Yeah? You follow directions good. Now let's wrap this production. Go to the Sunrise Studios backlot. I'll call you when you get there. Alright, I'm here. Now what? You're doing real good. Can't you figure it out? I wanna finish this where it all began. Woodsboro. I thought you wanted me here? Alright I'm here, now show your  face so we can  finish this. It's good to see you again Sidney. I was growing real impatient. Go ahead. Explore. I'll catch up with you later. Yeah? Help me Sid! The killer's got me! Dewey?! OHMIGOD! Where are you?! Sid I can see you! Where are you Dewey? I'm out back. Tied up. Hurry Sid! The killer's looking for you! Quick untie me! Good work Sid. You play a good game Sidney. Now it's time to get down to business. Who are you? Your other half. GALE! Gale he's got Dewey! I know! Sidney? Dewey! Where's Gale? They've got her! Sid I want you to stay here! I'll be right back! I'm not gonna let them get Gale! OH shit! Oh God. It's you?! All of this is because of you? You're not going anywhere Sidney. It's time you came to terms with me, and with   mother! Maybe you never knew her at all, Sid. Maybe you can't get past the surface of things. Who the hell are you? The other half of you! I searched for a mother too,  an actress named Rina Reynolds. I tried to find her  my whole life. And four years ago I actually tracked  her down, knocked on her door, thinking she'd welcome  me back with open arms, but she had a new life and a  new name, Maureen Prescott! You were the only  child she claimed Sidney. She shut me out in the cold  forever, her own son! She slammed the door in my face, Sid. Said I was  Rina's child and Rina was dead. And it struck me,  what a good idea! So I watched her, made a little  home movie, a little family film. Seems Maureen,  mom, really got around. I mean, Cotton Weary was one  thing, everybody knew about that, but Billy's father,  that was the key! Your boyfriend didn't like seeing  his daddy in my movies. Didn't like it at all. And  once I supplied the motive, all the kid needed was  a few pointers. Have a partner to sell out in case  you get caught, find someone to frame, it was like  her was making a movie. All the nightmares. All the hell I went through  was because of you, you spineless bastard! I'm a director Sid, I direct. For example,  Angelina over there, She's my partner. I can convince her to do  anything.  We've been dating since I met her in  Woodsboro. Oh my God, Angie Crick? From English class? And I kinda keep her around cause it's a bit of a turn-on. You know, in the movies she's you Sid, so every time I jump her bones, I'm doing YOU, technically. Listen, I have no time for this. I've heard this shit  before! So lets get on with it! Wait a second Sid. Don't you go jumping the gun. You haven't seen the best part. With the aides of the computer revolution of y2kI've  been able to steal your voice. Ain't it cool? Listen to what the police are gonna  find next to your lifeless, mutilated body. I can't take it anymore. This Hollywood exploitation of the nightmare I lived has to be stopped. I did this to  make you all repent for your sins, and now I'm pleased I've got my message across. Good-bye. Awesome. What'd I tell ya? Heh. Did youknow that  John Milton, was my daddy? Yep, he's the one who fucked mommy dearest in the long run. That's whyI had to make him pay. Daddy dearest is dead. Mommy's dead. Looks like I'm an orphan all alone in this world. What a good reason to -- See Sidney, as amateur as Billy and Stu were, they laid the groundwork for this! See Sidney, they also set the stage for you! Introducing to the world Sidney the victim! Sidney the survivor! Sidney the star! See Sid, now comes the part where we get away with it! The part where we win! Cause face it Sidney, in this world, the bad guys win! Roman knock it off! Do you people even know why you kill people? You kill people cause you choose to and not because of any other fucking reason! God damn it Sidney! Dewey my God I thought you were dead. DEWEY! IT'S GALE! Watch out Sid. Randy said the killer's always  superhuman. He wasn't superhuman Dewey. He wasn't superhuman at all. This shit is really getting repetitive, you know? Gale, I know this is a bad time and all but what  if we try it out again. The whole relationship thing. Jesus Christ what happened? I leave for two seconds to take my kid to the doctor, I come back and it's the fucking WILD BUNCH. It was just something that's been itching  to be completed for the past four years. I guess so. Take care Detective. Give my regards to the wife and kids. 