Every year is a good year. You know what I love about wine that comes in bottles like this? It's not Victorian, everyone thinks that the whole nineteenth century was Victorian. This is gothic, this is English Craftsman, this is Romanesque. This is... insane. Who lives here? Greetings fellow insomniac. Modelling small-group dynamics in the formation of narrative hallucinations. You brought us here to scare us. Insomnia, that was just a decoy issue. You're disgusting. It's somebody's idea of a joke. I did okay. Come on. These are the typically sentimental gestures of a depraved industrialist. Who's Watts? Obsessive worrier. Join the club. And you? I'd guess... And what kind of sleeper? Hi, Luke Sanderson, bad sleeper, I'm your basic tosser-turner, and you are... You're not telling us something. It's not going to hold your weight. She got the child labor stuff from me. Is that the question of compassion or science? Do we still get paid for the week? There's a carriage house around back. Do you need me anymore? Cause I'm going to bed. They can stay up talking another 45 minutes if they want, but I gotta try to get some sleep. Why? Sure. That could have been worse. So why did you need the Addam's Family mansion for a scientific test? Greetings. We can't stay here looking for her. She doesn't want to be found... Where in the hell can she be. -- how much is this car worth? You used the wrong test. You want company? All night? You don't really believe it's haunted... Do you believe in ghosts? The whole thing feels like experimental misdirection. Like he says it's about one thing, a psychological profile of environmental effects on insomnia... and that'd be a legitimate study, but I think that we've been subjected to an academic bait and switch; he's really looking at something else. So could you! Is this some fucked up idea of art, putting someone else's name to a painting? I didn't do it. Well, this lot is full! Hey! I heard screaming... He said that Hugh Crain... Hugh Crain was a monster. He said that he was a brutal, horrible man. He told me that Crain drove his workers to early deaths. Crain had children chained to the looms in his mill. And listen to this: his beautiful Rene killed herself. Nah, you're going crazy with doubt, all of your mistakes are coming back up the pipes, and it's worse than a nightmare. --I have a bad feeling about what you're doing. I, I just can't... Does she know that's why you're using her? You don't believe in the paranormal. Why are you working with her? Mary Lambretta was thrown out of the department for trying to get a Ph.D. in psychic studies. Are you working with her? Not the way you've constructed your group, it's just not ethical! And that will be a good place to end this study. It's still an electric shock!Watts. Those were his keys Nell found. His roommate called and said Watts left when he was supposed to. I think he's here. Just stay there, Nell! It's a question. You get your money. I gave my key to the gate to Todd, but the Dudleys'll be here in the morning. And those are Luke's and mine. Go ahead. I've read your tests. Because... well, I know I can trust you. Luke, can I talk to you? Yeah. I thought it best to be isolated, to be in a location with a definite sense of history, and I wanted to make sure that it wasn't so pleasant you'd all sleep too easily. You'll be taking a variety of tests, none of them harmful, and you've got the house, the grounds, and each other to keep you company. And this is my assistant, Mary Lambretta. This is the last chapter. Please, please give me clearance. It's for science. She needed a job, Malcolm. And she's smart. And she helps me. No. No, but she does, and that's all that matters. And after she was thrown out, she needed a job. Mary, I'll meet you outside. But if the group knows it's being studied as a group, you contaminate the results. The deception is minor. No, Malcolm! Individual performance is only part of it. I know why baseball players choke for no reason, I know why violinists throw up with fear before every concert, and need to, to give a great performance, but what I want to know is, how fear works in a group... Malcolm, this is essential work I'm doing. Just think what my research can do for education. Elementary school classrooms near train tracks or airports, where loud noise is random; this helps to prove the need for sound insulation if the children are ever going to learn to read. Come on Malcolm, it's only seven ohms, it's nothing, it's like a joy buzzer! And it's not about the pain, it's about the interference with concentration... What'll happen to us, Nell? Come on. No. Nell, the first time I ever spoke with you in person was the night we met here. Nell. You will come here now. Why would we want to do that, Nell? I hadn't done a study of how group fear affects individual performance. Mass hysteria is like a story, Nell. A communal story. Someone starts it. Then we all add a little more to it. And then for some reason -- no one knows how -- we start believing it. This story shapes what we see and hear. We interpret everything through it, make it fit the story. I started our story when I gave you the history of Hill House. You've added to it. That's what this experiment has all been about. That's what it was about, the experiment's over. I'm pulling the plug. This is my fault. Nell... please, Nell... take a deep breath... What is that tune? I don't know. Someone is playing with you. You'll never see it again. Mr. Dudley's taking care of it. I'm sorry, Nell. Can I show you something you'd like to see? It was. I don't know. I wish I were. I wish I had done it, then I could confess and you'd be at peace. That great moral philosopher Frank Sinatra once said to someone he loved, I wish you had an enemy, so I could beat him up. No you're not. Something moved you. You saw something. Hmm. And then what happened? Like she smelled it too? What happened after you smelled it? So... smell... is... Smell is the sense that triggers the most powerful memories. And a memory can trigger a smell. All right... What did it smell like? Nell! What's wrong? For an American you do a good imitation of the British at their most apologetic. Pardon me. Excuse me, sorry, sorry... How do you feel about Luke's suggestion that it was just the old plumbing? Water hammer, something like that? The cold sensation. Who felt it first? But there's a sad catch to the story. You wrote that you had trouble sleeping. Well... we're glad to have you. Nell. Good enough. And I'm Jim. Eleanor, how was the drive? There were no children. Rene died, and then Hugh Crain built all of this, and then he died. His heart was broken. Yes. It's perfect, isn't it? That? That's Hill House. Good. Because it's my phone. Yes... Mrs. Dudley, just leave the boxes inside, thank you. See you soon. Thank you. Yes, this is Doctor Marrow. You hear the vibrations in the wire. There's a magnetic pulse in the wires, you feel it. I could test it. What? I'm a scientist. I just conducted an experiment. Now I have to write it up. Nell, what do we do? No. If he's lost somewhere in the house... he'll have to stay lost until tomorrow, until the night is over. What we have to do now is be together, with Nell. I'll take her with me to the University tomorrow. I can't believe I read the test wrong. I didn't see anything that looked like she was suicidal. Is she asleep? Your fear of him was real. That's all the ghost anyone needs. Get a blanket! Mary came with me. Good morning, Theo. Luke. Every day. Basically we'll be hanging out together like we have so far this evening. Have either of you seen David Watts?Can't say. Haven't been here that long. Well, it's Labor Day, gotta get to work. She was unhappy. Why'd she kill herself? Rene Crain. Up there. Rope. Ship's hawser. Hard to tie. Don't know how she got it. That's where she hanged herself. Mrs. Dudley'll be waiting for you. That's a good question. What is it about fences? Sometimes a locked chain makes people on both sides of the fence just a little more comfortable. Why would that be? Yeah, I'm Mister Dudley, the caretaker. What are you doing here? Me? No. What are you doing here? What do you want?What? These old Victorian houses are great, aren't they? Greetings fellow sheep counter. Hi. I'm Todd Aubochon.