What's she so emotional about? I think Mary Agnes could kill someone. Homer, you know I would never kill anyone--you know I wouldn't. Sometimes I want to meet them so I can kill them. Just sometimes. And that I can drive a truck! Uh... I'd like to show them that I can cook, a little. Yeah. But sometimes I wish I could meet mine, anyway. Why not? I mean your parents. I'm sorry, Homer. But you've studied with the old man for years ! You're a doctor, Homer--you don't smell like ether. He smells like he could put you to sleep! He sniffs that ether! I've seen him do it! Shouldn't we tell Homer? Why would the little ones believe that anyone would adopt him? What are you going to tell the little ones? What'd she die of?What's an immigrant? Did you grow up around here? What's a nanny do? Did you know your mother better? But did you know him? Liver killed him? Is your father dead? Why can't we have pumpkins for Christmas, too? We don't get any good presents at Christmas, anyway. Is that soon? His father's dead, right? That's why Kong loves her! Homer... doesn't King Kong think the woman is his mother ?I don't know. She got left here, like the rest of us, didn't she? I doubt it. She's just an... I know. Better than I can! You cook very well! What for, Buster? What would you do if you met them? Whoever they were, they didn't do any of the things parents are supposed to do. Dr. Larch did those things, and Nurse Edna, and Nurse Angela. I know who you mean. I think about leaving here, but not to find them . I'm not a doctor! I'm not a doctor. I haven't been to medical school--I haven't even been to high school! He's a doctor, Buster--doctors smell like ether. It's because he's too tired to sleep. He has to. No. You warned me. I didn't listen, but you warned me. I'm sorry for what I said about Wally needing you. It was... unnecessary. Sure. Thanks. She knows how to take care of herself. And now that Wally's coming back, and because he'll certainly need you... "...did." Well, okay. I helped you not to think about Wally. You were so upset--you couldn't stand worrying about him, about his being killed and not coming back-- but when you were with me, you could stop worrying... well, for a while, anyway. This is how I helped you, right? No, that's not it--I just want to be sure I understand you. He's alive . He still loves you. So do I. I know, I'm sorry. You got up! You did something! If you keep this up, you might be in danger of making a decision ! I'm not trying to be anything--I'm just doing nothing! If I wait and see long enough, then--with any luck-- I won't ever have to make up my mind! Decisions can be painful, after all... Go anywhere? Of course not! That would be doing something, wouldn't it? We wouldn't want to do something. Let's just sit here all night! I know. Is that nothing. Isn't that like waiting and seeing? Just tell me. I'll do whatever you want to do. Wait... wait ! Are you sure? Mr. Rose knows ? Well, we can't force her. It's her decision. I told her! She doesn't feel she can do that. Something about her father not letting her go anywhere... Okay, okay--I know you do, too. Fine. That's all there is to it then. So we should "wait and see." For how long? I'm just waiting and seeing. Like you said. What will be okay? Just tell me. Do you want me to go? Do you want me to stay? Right. Aren't you worried that people will cut their feet? That's what I'd come here for. I'd watch the movie. How could you not care about the movie? Ah-ha. So what is that--a radio? Did you come here with Wally--to not watch movies? I never asked for any responsibility. I miss things. I miss... people. I miss reading to the boys. I didn't say that. Growing up in an orphanage, you're always lonely. You're just never alone. It was my favorite night at the orphanage--movie night. We'd race into the dining hall. Of course everyone wanted to sit in front, so we'd be packed in so tight you could feel the kid next to you breathing. The screen is enormous! Imagine King Kong up there ! Have you seen a lot of movies here? You think? Maybe I was. I love this place! What's the medical explanation? Oh, sure! And what did she die of, exactly? First she loved him, then she didn't, then no one else could have him... I did like it. All I said was, "It's not 'King Kong'." "King Kong". It's really good. Yes! I've only seen one, though. People watched the movies in their cars? A movie outside ? I better go. Okay... Uh... have you been feeling okay? I'm never bored! It's all very... different for me... here. Sure... I'll see you around. It should taper off tomorrow, but it can come back again. You have cramps? They'll ease up, almost entirely. As long as the bleeding isn't heavy, it's normal. I understand. Oh... Where's Mandalay? I know. I've never seen the ocean, either. I've never seen a lobster. Is your family in the apple business, too? How many months are you? So, Mrs... Only the right people can have you, Curly. Nobody special enough, Curly. That's true. You're one of the best, Curly--we couldn't let just anyone take you. They wanted a girl. Don't get too excited, Fuzzy. Uh... it's the end of October. "I was a posthumous child. My father's eyes had closed upon the light of this world six months, when mine opened on it." Uh, sure--that's what Kong thinks, all right. No, you did it yourself. Maybe in your sleep. It looks like you bit it--it'll be all right. Did you bite it? Well, sure... that's good, then. All I mean is, I'm lucky I met you. Uh... actually, picking apples is as much excitement as I want for a while. I'm grateful for the job. What about the trees? Migrants? Oh, I would love that, Wally. What lousy luck--I mean your orders... to draw an assignment like that! At what altitude? "Burma run" because you fly over Burma... It's all very normal. This is all normal. Don't worry. The abortion procedure... it affects you. It's the ether, too. It'll take a little time. No, I'm not. I need a job. I think I'd probably like the apple business. Where are you going? I wonder if you might give me a ride. Has anyone offered you anything to eat? No, it's not serious. I'm just not supposed to get excited. You know-- no strain, no stress. I try to keep calm all the time. They wouldn't take me. I'm Class IV-- I've got a heart defect. Liberator... What kind of plane are you flying? No. Dr. Larch will be performing the procedure. I'm sorry. They're not used to seeing a car like this. Right? There's more than one laceration, more than one cut. Where'd she get you? Okay. Then you can be of use. Merthiolate, ether, vulval pads, gauze--lots of gauze. One cervical stabilizer, two sets of dilators--Douglas points. One medium- sized curette, one small; one medium speculum, one large; two vulsellum forceps. Mr. Rose, I'm in the doctor business. If you want, I can help you. You don't have to go anywhere. Please listen to me! Both of you... But she's your daughter ... Go on, cut my clothes. I've got other clothes. You're lying. How can you... with your own daughter! You're actually having sex with your own little girl? Is that possible? Is it true? This is easy--I'm not hurrying. What about the worms? Most of these apples are the drops--off the ground, right? There have to be worms. Are we supposed to be up here? The rules said... I guess so... Okay... Right. So. What should I do now? I am not a doctor. I don't need this--I know all about my condition. You know I'm grateful for everything you've done for me... Of course. I wasn't intending to leave here in order to be entirely useless--I expect I'll find some ways to be of use. Try to look at it this way. Buster and I are sitting right here beside you. We could have ended up in the incinerator! I'm happy I amuse you. How about expecting people to be responsible enough to control themselves to begin with? I thought it was my turn. It's your splice! You blame me for everything! Okay, he's just a Wilbur then. Henceforth you shall be... Little Wilbur. I don't think so. He doesn't like it. He's a boy, That's why. Nobody's named this one yet. But isn't Fuzzy just... well, underdeveloped? I haven't read that. In other words, scurvy. I don't know it. It's obviously an aborticide. It looks like scurvy. There was no visible wound? One: it's illegal. Two: I didn't ask how to do it--you just showed me. All I said was, I don't want to perform abortions. I have no argument with you performing them. Yes, for both. Right. Uh... sure. I think Wally will be fine, Mrs. Worthington--he seems indestructible to me. Mrs. Worthington, I feel I'm very lucky to be here. Thanks, guys... I'd like to go with you. But I've got to move on. "Two: Please don't go up to the roof to eat your lunch." "One: Please don't smoke in bed." How long's this been going on, Muddy? That's it. Rose, listen--don't do anything. You know, I mean to yourself. Please listen... What I mean is, if you don't want to... keep the baby, I know a place where you can go. Rose, please listen. Whatever you want to do, I can help you. But you don't look very happy. I know more than I want to know about it. Who's the father? You're not yet three months, are you? I don't like watching anyone be sick. You okay, Rose? Almost. Give men that. I know how to do it. I'm not in trouble. No trouble. Do you like to read? Yes, so what. It's nothing serious, really. Just a small defect. There's a little something wrong with it. Just this part here--the right ventricle. It's slightly enlarged. It's just my heart. Rose Rose?You mean swimmin' . I ain't goin' in that vat to fish out no cigarette! Them people drinkin' that cider, they don't know there's a cigarette in there! I bet the view looks better from the Worthin'tons'. Shit. We don't know what he is. Who cares?I just hope he won't expect us to say Grace all the time. I suppose it wouldn't hurt to meet him. What's his name again? You don't find it depressing that Homer Wells is picking apples? Oh my, yes! This is a far superior taste--and crisp, too! You know, so many apples are disappointingly mealy. I wonder of most of the apples in my life weren't meant for pies! We all know who trained Homer--his credentials are as good as mine are. Don't you be holy to me about the law ! What has the law done for any of us here? Don't you understand? The board is going to replace me! That's what the "new blood" is for ! "An internship and two years of training at the Boston Lying-in, South End Branch. For his age, he was judged an accomplished gynecological obstetrical surgeon; he is also experienced in pediatric care..." One has to be more than "careful" of Mrs. Goodhall--she has sufficient Christian zeal to start her own country! I'd like to give her a little ether. He is a goddamn psychiatrist--of course he wants to "help"! He'd be happy if he could help commit me! He's still a boy--out in the world, he's still a boy. Let him try to make some money! That's part of "seeing the world," isn't it? Some new things would be useful. I don't need any "new help." They want to replace me! The Board of Trustees wants to replace me! You were! You are ! It was fantastic. I was! I was dreaming about you. How beautiful you were! Life is waiting. It's not ergot, it's not pituitary extract, it's not oil of rue... Try to think of nothing, Dorothy. If Homer wanted to know what was happening here, he could pick up a telephone and call us. They'll believe it because they want to believe it. I'll tell them Fuzzy was adopted. She died of secrecy , she died of ignorance ... Edna! Come dance with me! Let's be foolish tonight. I wouldn't worry, Edna, that he doesn't have money. If he gets hungry, he can pick his dinner! Or that he can't be bothered to write us a proper letter? A dissertation on apples, we don't need! So here is my candidate. What do you think? Well, we can only guess about that, Edna. They are against the law. "...graduated Bowdoin College, 1935, and Harvard School of Medicine, 1939." "Homer Wells, born Portland, Maine, March 2, 1915..." I don't know! He's just leaving-- you're the one who says he needs to see the world! That's what he'll do--he'll see the world! You bet it's a heavy sedation! The fetus is unexpelled, her uterus is punctured, she has acute peritonitis, and there's a foreign object. I think it's a crochet hook. How old are you, dear? Thirteen? Someone not from Maine. No. She was an immigrant. She looks after other people's children. She's dead now, too. She was a nanny. Barely. It hardly mattered that I knew him. Alcohol killed him--he drank himself to death. Cirrhosis--it's a disease of the liver. You know everything I know, plus what you've taught yourself--you're a better doctor then I am and you know it! It's your heart--you ought to take it with you. I don't need your gratitude. Are you really so stupid that you imagine you're going to find a more gratifying life? What you're going to find is people like the poor people who get left here--only nobody takes care of them as well! And you won't be able to take care of them, either. There's no taking care of anybody -- not out there! In other parts of the world, I suppose there are other ways. Doubtless you'll let me know what immensely worthwhile or at least useful thing it is that you find to do. Happy to be alive, under any circumstances--is that your point? Try to look at it this way. What choice does Buster have? What are his options? Nobody will ever adopt him. It's just a marvel to me that you still have such high expectations of people. How about this child? You expect her to be responsible? It is. I'll get this. You go ahead. I thought you took care of this. It always breaks in the same place. It's your splice, isn't it? We haven't had a Wilbur here in a year or so, have we? We used to have dozens ! I'm not crazy about the "Little..." You do it then. Can't a boy be a Dorrit? It's my turn! Where's the name sheet? When doesn't he have bronchitis? I wouldn't call his bronchial infections "underdeveloped." Would you? I haven't, either. But you will . The morons who write the books should do a little research here . Fuzzy is not uncommon. I tell you, there's something about the premature babies of alcoholic mothers. They seem susceptible to every damn thing that comes along. Good boy. Good job. And you call yourself "not a doctor"! Keep an eye on her--she's in trouble. If you take enough of it, your intestines lose their ability to absorb Vitamin C. Christ, it's oil of tansy! Obviously. Scurvy! Ah yes, the curse of the old- time sailor, suffering long periods at sea with no fresh fruits or vegetables. Homer, Dorothy isn't a sailor ! No. The fetus was dead. Her uterus was virtually disintegrating --my stitches pulled right through the tissue! What else could I have showed you, Homer? The only thing I can teach you is what I know! In every life, you've got to be of use. You know how to help these women-- how can you not feel obligated to help them when they can't get help anywhere else? I presume you'd prefer handling the delivery. First pregnancy? Anyway, I was just showing you this guy as an example of what's available-- I didn't think you'd be interested. Then I suppose we can look forward to catching various diseases from him! Does it snow in Bombay? One winter here and we'll be shipping him south, in a coffin ! No ! I don't want to know him! He's doing missionary work--in India ! I wrote him weeks ago, but he's either too holy or too busy to answer. Maybe he got killed in the war!Four weeks or so, right around Halloween. No autonomic effects... that's correct. It's encephalitis B. He's recovering at Mount Lavinia Hospital, Ceylon. Uh... Captain Worthington is paralyzed. Waist down. He won't walk. Because the crew thought he'd gone down with the plane. They were hospitalized for almost a week in China before they were flown back to India. It wasn't until that they sorted through their gear... When the plane was hit, the crew chief and the radioman jumped close together. The copilot jumped third. All on Captain Worthington's orders-- the captain was still flying the plane. None of the men of the ground could see the sky--that's how thick the jungle was. They never saw the plane crash--they never heard it crash. They never saw Captain Worthington's parachute, either.Let me hear you say that! I so unhappy she runned away that I killed myself-- that what happen here, ain't that right? That's 'cause I sticked my own knife in the wound--after she go, I sticked my own knife in there. I poked it all around, I just tryin' to find the same place she got me. She just plan misunderstand me--I was tryin' to give her my knife, I was just reachin' to touch her hand. But I understand if she misunderstand me--it's all my fault, ain't that right? If that was your knife, Muddy, I wanna thank you for givin' it to her-- no girl should be goin' hitch-hikin' if she don't got a good knife with her. I'm stayin', Homer. When it comes to this, you is the real thing--is that what you sayin'? There ain't no almost about this stuff, Homer--ain't that right? What's that? What's it called? What business is you in, Homer? You forget yourself, Homer. This here's my daughter! You got your own mess to deal with--ain't that right? And I love her! There ain't nobody else gonna treat her as good as I do! I wouldn't do nothin' to hurt her, Homer--you must know that. Homer, don't you know what business you in? You don't wanna go into no business with me, Homer--ain't that right? Ain't nobody havin' sex with my little girl, Homer--that's somethin' a father knows. I think you been stayin' up too late at night, Homer. I didn't see where you was pickin' this mornin', Homer, but you musta worked up a big appetite. You look like you're serious about gettin' to your lunch today! You still doin' it too fast! Slow down, Homer--don't be in such a big hurry. Of course there's worms, Homer! And what is them worms, really? They just protein , them worms! They is good for you! Cider don't have no taste till later in October--it's too watery now, when we're usin' just them early Macs and them Gravensteins. You don't get no good cider till you're pickin' them Golden Delicious and them Winter Bananas, them Baldwins and them Russerts... Homer, you the only one who's read them rules, so you the only one who feels like he's doin' somethin' wrong. That's better. I can tell you got yourself some education. Them's good hands you got, Homer. Them hands you got, they know what they're doin'-- ain't that right? Stop it, Homer. They aren't our rules. We didn't write them. I don't see no reason to read them. It's big enough to keep you out of the war, I suppose. Ain't that right? Out back, there's a shed. It's just a mess. If that shed was better organized, I could put my truck in there. What business is you in, Jack? Just tell me what your business is... It's not that hard to find it in there, Jack--it'll take you just a minute. You just gotta go fishin'. That just ain't right, Jack--your cigarette's gonna end up in nine or ten gallons of this batch of cider! That ain't right. You think so, Jack? Well... I wouldn't want to be in that Wally's shoes tonight. Jack, you gotta watch your language 'round my daughter. Now, now. He's a good boy. Who live here in this cider house, Peaches? Who grind them apples, who press that cider, who clean up the mess, and who just plain live here... just breathin' in the vinegar? Somebody who don't live here made them rules. Them rules ain't for us . We the ones who make up them rules. We makin' our own rules, every day. Ain't that right, Homer? Then you pickin' 'em too fast--they ain't no better than drops to me. See that bruise, and that one? Half of these is bruised! Look at this one! It ain't got no stem! You might as well step on 'em, too--they only good for cider. You pickin' nothin' but cider apples, Peaches--I hope you understand that. What have you two been doin' to make it look so nice? Don't this place look like home? You all take care of yourself, too, Homer! Mind your own business, Peaches. They told me I was too old to serve. That's right. I know you understand how I feel, Homer--you is breakin' them rules, too. Ain't that right? That's right! A girl's gotta know how to defend herself, don't she? She's good with that knife! She's real fast. She's a lot better with that knife than you is, Muddy! And who do you suppose taught her? Tell him what you want, Muddy-- you is the crew boss today. Tell that Vernon to mind his own business, Muddy. Don't let us make you nervous or nothin'--we know you gotta job to do. Well, Muddy, we can look at all these angry stars Homer's been readin' to us about. Where's your manners? Make room for Homer, so's he can enjoy the view. You just go inside, Homer. We don't need no help. You ain't goin' nowhere in the middle of the night, girl! Where do you think you're going? Now, now, Jack--that just ain't right. You oughta know you don't go to jail for cuttin' a guy's clothes . Ain't that right, Homer? Now, now, darlin'... Jack just needs to know what business he's in. That's right--that sounds like trouble to me. You lucky you in your work boots tonight, girl...Yeah, well... you could move on with us , man! You could move on somewhere warm ! We heard that one already, Homer. Long enough. You ain't gonna stop it. Don't mess in this, Homer, if you know what's good for you. That what happen--you lost you only daughter so's you killed yourself! That's what we say, all right. You taught her, I suppose... I told him that you all is sick. It's that Vernon--he keeps askin' where you and Homer and Rose Rose is at. Yeah, we can wait all night for the water to come back on--you just go on and take your time. What view? What view? You ever see a palm tree, Homer? She took off on the bicycle, man. Rose Rose has runned away! Yeah, that cigarette ain't hard to find when you're properly undressed. You're lucky he didn't cut your nipples off, man. She's about the most beautiful girl I ever seen--I don't know if she's the nicest.Good-bye, Arthur. Homer, I'll see you tomorrow? Just promise me that, if there's a blizzard, you'll move into Wally's room until it's over. I don't know. Just promise me one thing. There's not a lot of work in the winter, and you'll have to tolerate Vernon--even Wally despises him, and Wally likes everyone. What I mean is... I would like it very much if you thought you could be happy here, Homer. When will he be home, Major? Then it's malaria? Why was he missing for twenty days?Good night, kids. Don't catch cold-- it's gettin' cold already. How about him not needin' the friggin' compass! How about that? It's gettin' late. I think I'll pack it in. He mentions Homer, too, you know. I was lookin' for Wally's letter. I was gonna show it to Homer... They made him a captain already-- Captain Worthington!Homer liked it! Didn't you? He loved it! Didn't you? I was just showing Homer the orchards... kind of a geography lesson. I love you, too. See you tomorrow. Well, picking them is! It's about as exciting as... walking! Well, they aren't. I never said they were boring. I don't want you to walk--I want to carry you. Should I put the top up? It might get cold. Well, this is an orphanage. I don't think so, Homer. I'm the lucky one. You're the one who's helping me , Homer. You're going to give my mom a little peace of mind while I'm gone. Candy, too. Uh... I'm shipping out sooner than I thought. I just wanted to be sure you were settled in--and happy enough, considering... Are you bored stiff? Or can you stick it out for a bit? The trees are flak--antiaircraft fire from those geeks on the ground. It's almost like flying. Yes. They pick fruit, all kinds. They travel up and down the coast with the seasons. The trick to Mr. Rose is, you have to let him be the boss. They're migrants. Uh, look... if you're serious about wanting a job, picking apples isn't that boring. Actually, I volunteered. I've got thirty-five minutes to climb to fifteen thousand feet--that's the first mountain pass. And over the Himalayas. That's called flying over the hump. I don't have any time. There's a war ! The only jobs are picking jobs. Picking apples is truly boring. You're a little overqualified, aren't you? We're heading back to Cape Kenneth. Sure! Be glad to! Uh... a ride where? Actually, someone did. I just didn't think I could eat anything. Really! Is it serious? Have you enlisted? A B-24 Liberator. Ah, well... okay. Good! I just wondered... So, now, uh... you're not... I mean, do you do the-- It's okay--I don't mind.