PASSENGERS	m	(mumbling, ad lib) What ladies? 
CONDUCTOR 	m	-- this train originating at New York's Grand Central Station is back in service - next stop will be New Canaan, Connecticut. New Canaan, Connecticut, next stop! 
PAUL 	m	In issue number 141 of The Fantastic Four, published in November 1973, Reed Richards has to use his anti-matter weapon on his own son, who Annihilus has turned into a human atom bomb. His son is the result of Richards' coupling with the earthling Sue Storm, and the problem is that the cosmic rays that infused Richards and the rest of the Fantastic Four on their aborted moon mission have made young Franklin a volatile mixture of matter and anti-matter. 
PAUL 	m	And that's what it is to come from a family, if you analyze it closely. Each of them is negative matter for the other ones. And that's what dying is -- dying is when your family, which is in fact your personal negative matter from which you emerge -- it's when the family takes you back, thus hurling you back into negative space... 
PAUL 	m	So it's a paradox -- the closer you're drawn back in, the further into the void you're thrown. 
FRANCIS 	m	Arise and shine, young Hood. 
PAUL 	m	I hope you changed the water in that bong from last night. 
FRANCIS 	m	(finishing a hit) The water, as you call it, is a special mixture of amaretto and Ben&Ben blended for just the exact chemical interaction with the last of our precious Thai stick. 
FRANCIS 	m	Waste not Master Hood -- that was $20 for the bag. 
PAUL 	m	(gathering books, papers,  almost talking to  himself) Man, Francis, you are one drug addled elitist freak, and when the revolution comes I do not want to be lined up with you and shot, 'cause you're fucking ripe for political reeducation, you know, like in the fields. 
FRANCIS 	m	Paul, cancel your mental appointments, baby. What are you, like still stoned from last night? 
PAUL 	m	(spraying some chloroform  mouth spray) I gotta get to English class. 
TEACHER 	m	Libbets? 
LIBBETS 	?	What Dostoyevsky is saying here is that to be a Christian is to choose, because you have to choose of your own choice, but since you can't choose to be good because that would be too rational you have to choose to be bad -- it's existential. 
TEACHER 	m	Thank you Libbets, that's a very compelling summary, but -- 
PAUL 	m	Um, Libbets. Hey, Dostoyevsky, I'm also really a fan, and what you were saying, you know, have you ever read The Idiot? 
LIBBETS 	?	The Idiot? 
PAUL 	m	If you liked Notes from Underground, you'll love The Idiot. 
LIBBETS	?	(turning to go) Great, thanks for the tip. 
PAUL	m	(after her) The Idiot. 
PAUL 	m	I'm in love with Libbets Casey. 
MARGE 	f	Yeah, well, you've been in love with like every other girl here, I was wondering when you'd get around to Libbets. 
PAUL 	m	It's beyond mere physical attraction. 
MARGE 	f	That's good, because I don't think Libbets is capable of the sex act. 
PAUL 	m	Truly? Do speak. 
MARGE 	f	My diagnosis is messed in the head. A poor little rich girl -- I mean check out the jeans and fur look. And lend your ears to this brutality. Like her mom and step dad and her step-sisters are going to Switzerland to ski over Thanksgiving break -- and like they didn't invite her! 
PAUL	m	How do you know this shit? 
MARGE 	f	They did it last year too. It's like traditional or something. They've got this humongoid Park Ave apartment and she just holes up there with a wad of cash.  (beat) Aren't the hugely wealthy sad? 
PAUL 	m	(pause) You think Francis is going to beat me to the punch here? 
MARGE 	f	Since he sleeps with every girl you ever show an interest in, why don't you just keep your Libbets thing a secret from him? 
PAUL 	m	Good thinking Marge. 
PAUL 	m	No more man. I'm about to drop as it is. 
FRANCIS 	m	See ya. 
PAUL 	m	Where you going? 
FRANCIS 	m	Paul, let me enlighten you about something. You and I exist on two opposite sides of a great existential divide, that being your pathetic virginity on the one hand and my astonishing number of sexual conquests on the other. I'm off to get laid. See you. 
PAUL 	m	Flame on, asshole. 
FRANCIS 	m	And remember, with your erogenous zones lubricated as such with the mighty herb, do not attempt terrestrial contact with members of the opposite sex -- because you drone on like a motherfucker when you're stoned. 
LATER:	?	
PAUL 	m	(stoned) -- because I've been reading Kerouac and Ginsberg and those guys were creating beat culture and traveling and sleeping wherever, and, of course, with all kinds of people, but when you read carefully the various contemporary accounts of their lives, and, uh, these guys didn't bathe much, I mean they were really filthy, with like genital crabs, lice, exceptionally strong body odor... 
PAUL 	m	How can you do that man? 
FRANCIS 	m	Do what? 
PAUL 	m	Sleep all day. I mean, look, it's already getting dark outside, and you're just getting up. 
FRANCIS 	m	(beat) Um, Libbets Casey. 
PAUL 	m	What? 
FRANCIS 	m	Aha! I could sense the vibe. 
PAUL 	m	What do you mean? 
FRANCIS 	m	Am I right or am I right? 
PAUL 	m	Shit. You're not planning -- 
FRANCIS 	m	My man, I speak to you solely as a comrade in arms offering unconditional aid. I've been giving this one a lot of thought, and I believe that the two of you together might just reach that higher ground that -- 
STUDENT  	m	Hood, telephone. 
PAUL 	m	Don't mess with Libbets. I mean it! 
PAUL 	m	Hello? 
BEN 	m	Paul? 
PAUL 	m	Hi dad. 
BEN 	m	Hey guy. Things ok up there? You all right? 
PAUL 	m	I'm fine dad. 
BEN 	m	Well good. Just confirming. You'll be on the 3:50 Wednesday afternoon. 
PAUL 	m	Well dad, actually I thought I'd take the morning train on Thanksgiving -- got a lot of studying, papers, you know, lab experiments -- 
BEN 	m	Lab experiments? Right smart guy -- Paul, you know your mother's gonna be disappointed not to see more of you -- In fact, let me make this more than a simple request guy, I think you should... 
NIXON	m	(on TV, from San Clemente  press conference)  Well, with regard to the questions as to why Americans feel we were wrong to make the tapes, that is not particularly surprising. I think that most Americans do not like the idea of taping conversations and, frankly, it is not something that particularly appeals to me... 
BEN 	m	Hold on for a second. (turning) Wendy, you want-to say hi to your brother? 
BEN 	m	Come on! 
WENDY 	f	Charles. 
PAUL 	m	Charles. Have you been keeping out of my shit? Have you refrained from entering the sacred precincts of my room? 
WENDY 	f	I have not touched your sh-- (looks at father) Stuff. You watching this? 
PAUL 	m	Watching what? 
WENDY 	f	Nixon, doofus! It's incredible. He should be shot. 
BEN	m	(overhearing) Hey, that's the president of the goddam United States you're talking about, Wendy! 
WENDY 	f	He's a liar! (still talking more to her  father than into the  phone) Dean told him on March 21st about Kalmback and Hunt, all about the payoffs to the Watergate burglars, so you tell me where the so-called "Dean Report" is, but you can't because it doesn't exist, because he lied about Haldeman and Erlichman and the April 17 tape, that's why! Liar! 
BEN	m	(muttering) OK, OK, the defense rests. (to Elena in the kitchen) Want another? 
ELENA 	f	No thank you. We should be off. 
BEN 	m	Gotcha. 
PAUL	m	(on the phone) Hey Charles. Charles, calm down -- I wasn't in on it. 
ELENA 	f	Dinner's on the counter. We'll be at the Williams's -- you know the number.  (takes the phone from  Wendy) Paul. Hi. Is there anything you'll want, any particular kind of food or snack or anything we can stock up on?... You're all right? ... OK. See you next week. I love you. 
NIXON 	m	We must recognize that one excess begets another, and that the extremes of violence in the 1960s contributed to the extremes of Watergate... 
BEN 	m	His brother came back -- 
DOROTHY 	f	From where? 
BEN 	m	Vietnam. 
DOROTHY 	f	Oh. Are we going to talk about this, about...? 
ELENA 	f	You should hear. It's very sad, he was -- 
JUMP CUT:	m	
JIM 	m	It was a benefit for the ACLU or something, and Harry Reems himself was there -- 
DOROTHY 	f	The man with the -- from Deep Throat? 
JIM 	m	The very one -- something about a first amendment defense fund -- well I believe in it -- 
DOROTHY	f	Ted took me to see it. 
JANEY 	f	Ted, how romantic. 
DOROTHY	f	I have to say, the movie didn't do much for me. But being in that theater, surrounded by all those horny young college boys and perverts, there was something in the air that -- 
JUMP CUT:	m	
JIM 	m	-- pulls right up to the pump, jumps out like there's no gas shortage, oblivious, and by this point everybody in line's piling out of their cars ready to kill the guy, when they notice it's that Reverend Edwards -- 
BEN 	m	The Unitarian? The new one? 
JIM 	m	Yeah -- claims he pulled off Creek Road and didn't notice the line going back Mill Street for half a mile. 
BEN 	m	He's either got his head in the clouds or up his -- 
DOROTHY 	f	I hear he's slept with half the women in his congregation -- 
TED 	m	Lucky bastard! 
BEN 	m	Hell! -- I mean, no problemo there Mikey. Here, I -- 
DOROTHY	f	(unconvincing) So fascinating. Do you get free tickets to the movies, that kind of thing? 
BEN 	m	No, my job is just to analyze the entertainment stocks and advise our institutional investors on where to put their money. It's -- 
ELENA 	f	Don't be so modest, Ben. It's a job that requires a certain prescience with regards to entertainment trends. You were the first to predict that Billy Jack would be a hit -- 
BEN	m	(with a bit too much  conviction)  And as usual no one believed me... 
JANEY 	f	Please don't. 
ELENA 	f	It's not a bother. 
JANEY 	f	I insist. (beat) Don't touch them. 
ELENA 	f	Oh. 
JANEY	f	(realizing she's gone too  far) It's really quite all right. 
ELENA 	f	Of course. 
DOROTHY 	f	And to think -- they met at a key party of all things. 
ELENA 	f	A key party? 
DOROTHY 	f	You know, it's a California thing. That scuzzy husband of hers dragged her kicking and screaming to one when they were out in L.A. you know, the men put their car keys in a bowl, and then at the end of the evening the women line up and fish them out and go home with whoever's keys they've got. Anyhow that's how she met this Rod person or whatever his name is and he's left his wife and she's packing for California. Irwin is devastated. It's so ironic. 
JANEY	f	Ironic?  
DOROTHY	f	(caught out) Well, um, yes. Ironic. His name is Rod. 
ELENA 	f	Thank you Janey. 
DOROTHY 	f	It was lovely! 
BEN 	m	Hey Jim, next time you've got to fill me in on whatever it is you're up to these days. 
JIM 	m	Will do. 
SANDY	f	Stupid! (pause, looking sullenly  at Mike's back) Is Wendy Hood your girlfriend? 
MIKEY	m	(not looking up, but  alarmed) Who said so? 
SANDY	f	No one. 
MIKEY	m	I don't have a girlfriend. 
WENDY 	f	-- he knows that when the March 24th tape -- you know with Dean, where Dean tells him that there's a cancer growing on the presidency -- 
WENDY 	f	Who? No way. He's like a big infected whitehead wearing jeans. I wouldn't -- 
WENDY 	f	(whispering) -- shit, it's my parents. 
BEN 	m	You'd think she'd learn how to cook a chicken, eh? My drumstick was still frozen when you cut inside there. I'm probably going to get whatever that disease -- and Jim, how that guy ever became a millionaire -- 
BEN 	m	Hmm. I knew she'd still be up. Watch this -- 
WENDY 	f	(yelling behind her door) Dad stop it! 
BEN 	m	Get to sleep young lady -- and I mean it. 
WENDY 	f	Fascist! 
BEN 	m	If I were a fascist I would have sent you to one of those Southern military academies a long time ago. Now get to bed. 
BEN 	m	Hey! 
BEN 	m	(softening) Hey, kiddo. Sleep well, huh. 
WENDY	f	(without pulling the sheet  down, but nicely) Good-night dad. 
BEN 	m	Good night kiddo. 
ELENA	f	(without opening her eyes) You're staring at me. 
BEN 	m	I wasn't star-- 
ELENA 	f	I've been thinking, Ben, about Wendy. I was going to ask if she'd come with me sometime to meet Dr. Woolens. 
BEN 	m	That shrink -- the one you always wanted me to see? I thought you dropped him. 
ELENA 	f	I did, but -- somebody should probably see her, talk to her... You think she's ok? 
BEN 	m	Why shouldn't she be? 
BEN 	m	(pause) Then again, why should she be? I mean with us, with our... 
ELENA 	f	So maybe you'll come too? 
BEN 	m	Oh not again Elena! If we've got problems, why can't you just come out and talk about them. 
ELENA 	f	It's you Ben who needs to talk. I've had my say, and I'm waiting to hear back from you. 
BEN 	m	Yeah but Elena, even you don't believe all that "I'm OK. You're OK" stuff you keep babbling about -- you say so yourself. I've been all ears for about ten years now on his subject, and -- 
ELENA 	f	-- And you haven't moved out yet. It's because you're too lazy, Ben. Too scared or lazy to either deal with us or simply make a decision -- 
BEN 	m	Elena. 
ELENA 	f	(sighing) Sleep in the study? Please. 
BEN 	m	Good night. 
ELENA 	f	Good night. 
BEN 	m	But what, exactly, is stagflation, this mixture of inflation and stagnation, and how should we in the securities industry understand and accommodate it? Well -- and I hope I'm not out of bounds here - think of the money supply as a large male organ, continuously inflating, and yet, the societal vaginal cavity simply wants more. As the vicious circle of higher returns without real satisfaction continues, the money-organ may seem to be in demand, but in fact even the most inflated capital is unwanted. This is why I suggest that while we engage this mawing abyss for the highest returns, we at the same time fantasize, so to speak, of the safe harbor of capital appreciation. 
SHACKLEY	?	(more or less mumbling) Brilliant, brilliant. 
GEORGE 	m	Hey there Benjie, you're becoming quite the in-house philosopher. When do you have time to think up all that stuff -- Shackley sure eats it up. 
BEN 	m	George, I'm just trying to get a global view of things -- can't just look at the small picture. 
GEORGE 	m	And speaking of which, you have those market share charts Mr. Shackley was asking about? 
BEN 	m	Gotcha George, not a problem. Tomorrow. Hey, you want to start covering the old filmed entertainment sector yourself? 
GEORGE 	m	Ben you know that's your territory  - and I wouldn't dream to trespass  - you're the expert. Hey, how do you think Paramount's gonna do with that Blatty novel, what's it called? The Exorcist? 
BEN 	m	Overpriced bomb, cost over $6 million -- no stars, and no one's into the horror genre these days anyway. I'm advising the company recommend reducing positions there. It's disaster films that are gonna stay at the top. 
GEORGE 	m	Brilliant. Hey, you heading out a little early today? 
BEN 	m	Got a meeting uptown. 
GEORGE	m	(already moving off) Right o'. 
BEN 	m	Up the organization! (then, to himself) Bastard. 
HAROLD	m	(waylaying a passing  waiter)  I'd asked for that double martini about three hours ago! 
WAITER 	m	Coming right up, sir. 
HAROLD 	m	So asking me out for lunch -- what prompted this exceptional event? -- Of course I'm paying. 
BEN 	m	We don't have to always go to your club, dad. 
HAROLD 	m	And why are you still calling me dad? You're forty years old already, and -- 
BEN 	m	-- Well what am I supposed to call you? 
HAROLD 	m	That's besides the point. 
BEN 	m	I was actually trying to see about getting a little advice, you know -- 
HAROLD 	m	Advice? I'm supposed to be getting the stock tips from you, Ben. Unless - have you quit your job? They fired you? 
BEN 	m	You know, dah-- 
BEN 	m	Actually it's not about work, it's advice about -- 
HAROLD 	m	Oh for crying out loud Ben, you don't mean to tell me that your marriage is going down the drain now -- 
BEN 	m	Well, Elena and I have kind of been talking, not really talking, but -- 
HAROLD	m	-- Your mother, God bless her, stood by me for forty-two years -- we never once contemplated divorce  - I assume you're talking here about divorce? The very thought -- 
BEN	m	But dad, you guys truly hated each other, I mean really hated each -- 
HAROLD 	m	-- Waiter! Where's my cobb salad?  (back to Ben) You want advice Ben? If your big brother were still alive I'd have him go out into the back yard and beat some sense into your head. Look kid, you married that woman against my advice -- 
BEN	m	-- What advice? You never -- 
HAROLD	m	That's besides the point. The point is if I'd had any sense in me I'd have divorced your mother 40 years ago, and that's the truth, and here it is, 1972 -- 
BEN	m	-- 73 
HAROLD	m	-- 73, and divorce is as easy as paying off a traffic ticket, and for crying out loud, Ben, be a man and just get it over with. I would have if I'd had the chance. 
BEN 	m	(weakly) But... 
HAROLD 	m	But what? 
BEN 	m	But I -- well maybe I love her. Elena. 
HAROLD 	m	Christ Ben! Make up your mind and eat your lunch. 
PHILIP 	m	Elena. Elena Hood, am I right? 
ELENA 	f	Yes. 
PHILIP 	m	Reverend Edwards. Philip Edwards. You came by and checked out the congregation a couple of times last year. 
ELENA 	f	Yes, it was -- I ended up -- 
PHILIP	m	(smiling) No need to make excuses -- 
BETH	f	(referring to one of the  girls gathered in the  other group) She said you licked Dave Brewster's weenie in the third floor bathroom. 
WENDY 	f	She's a liar. I wouldn't touch Dave Brewster's dick if you paid me. It's probably crawling with v.d. after he put it in her, which he did. 
MIKEY	m	(as he returns to the  group, ball in hand) Did anybody hear that? 
WENDY 	f	I gotta go. 
PHILIP	m	It's been a tremendously transformative year -- maybe a little controversial of course, but we're breaking down the old Unitarian barriers -- 
ELENA 	f	I suppose my reluctance was the group aspect of it -- I've never been much of a joiner, although I still consider myself a somewhat religious person -- 
PHILIP 	m	Well I of course flatter myself that our church is not exactly what most people would call organized religion -- at times it's the disorganization that's liberating -- and of course I've begun to minister much more in what one might call therapeutic environments, in small groups, and one on one, couples -- 
ELENA 	f	(cutting him off) My daughter. I haven't been on a bike for years. (still not really looking  at him) When was the last time you rode a bike? 
PHILIP	m	(a bit taken aback by the  abrupt topic change) They say you never forget. 
ELENA	f	(jarred back to his  presence)  Forget what? 
PHILIP 	m	Forget how to ride a bike. 
ELENA 	f	No, of course you don't, you're right. 
SANDY	f	Hey Wendy. 
WENDY	f	Hey Sandy. 
SANDY	f	Mikey was looking for you. 
WENDY	f	Yeah? See ya. 
SANDY 	f	Bam. 
MIKEY 	m	Want some gum? 
WENDY 	f	Sure. (pulling them out of her  pocket) Twinkie? 
MIKEY	m	(opens his mouth,  displaying the gum on his  tongue) I'm chewing. 
WENDY	f	(after a pause) Did you tell Sandy? 
MIKEY 	m	Tell Sandy? What? 
MIKEY 	m	You didn't tell him either, did you? 
BEN	m	We were golfing, and you know, golfing to me is something I'm supposed to enjoy, and I was on the goddam golf team in college, so it's something one would assume I do well -- I used to do well -- but basically these days golfing for me is like hoeing, or plowing. 
BEN 	m	It's like farming. I am basically chewing up large tracts of expensively landscaped scenery with overpriced sticks, and George Clair has obviously, in the mere two years since he joined the firm, he has obviously been taking secret lessons with a golf pro, and I assume the entirety of his disposable income has been devoted to humiliating me on the golf course. And the guy talks - incessantly -- throughout the entirety of the miserable 18 holes  - on topics that are the supposed domain of my department -- 
JANEY	f	Ben-- 
BEN	m	Yeah? 
JANEY	f	(gently) You're boring me. I have a husband. I don't particularly feel the need for another. 
BEN	m	You have a point there. That's a very good point. We're having an affair. Right. An explicitly sexual relationship. Your needs. My needs. You're absolutely right. 
JANEY	f	You should probably get dressed. The boys will be home soon. 
BEN	m	Gotcha. 
WENDY 	f	Hi mom. 
ELENA 	f	Hi Wendy. 
ELENA 	f	I saw you on your bike today. 
WENDY 	f	With Mikey? 
ELENA 	f	Who? 
WENDY 	f	Nobody. 
ELENA 	f	Mikey Williams? 
WENDY 	f	We were just riding around. 
ELENA 	f	Well, you looked very -- free -- when I saw you. 
ELENA 	f	Weightless almost -- as if I were seeing my own memories of being a girl. There was something internal about it. 
WENDY 	f	Mom. Are you ok? 
ELENA 	f	Wendy, of course. I'm sorry. You must think I'm ripe to be checked into Silver Meadows. 
WENDY 	f	You're not a psycho! 
ELENA 	f	The people at Silver Meadows aren't psychos. 
WENDY 	f	I know. They're rich drug addicts and celebrities. When I saw James Taylor there, and -- 
ELENA 	f	We've been through this Wendy  James Taylor was actually at that clinic up near Boston. 
WENDY 	f	Well, I saw what I saw, and if you don't want to believe me -- 
ELENA 	f	Oh Wendy. 
WENDY 	f	They need the money for my band uniform at school. 
ELENA 	f	I thought you quit the band - I never hear you practice anymore. 
WENDY 	f	I don't really need to practice. I just play a few notes, you know, so I thought maybe I'd stay in. 
ELENA 	f	Well, I'm sure your father and I would love to hear what you're playing these days. Maybe after dinner. 
BEN	m	Can't wait to see how it fits in with all the other instruments. 
ELENA	f	The Halfords have invited us again this year. 
BEN	m	You want to go? 
ELENA	f	What do you think? 
BEN	m	Well, it is a neighborhood tradition. 
BEN 	m	I'm, uh, going to bed. 
ELENA	f	So early? 
BEN	m	Rough day. Good night. 
ELENA	f	Is that a new aftershave? 
BEN 	m	Oh yeah. Musk, or something. You like it? 
ELENA 	f	Hmm. Good night. 
SANDY 	f	Mikey? 
MIKEY 	m	Yeah? 
SANDY 	f	Geometry? 
MIKEY 	m	Sure, anything but this English. 
SANDY 	f	Why are you so good at math but not in English? 
MIKEY 	m	I'm not good at math. Just geometry. 
MIKEY 	m	(drawing out his examples  on a piece of paper)  It's like, you know when they say "two squared"? And you think it means 2 times 2, equals 4? But really they really mean a square. A square with a side of two. And the area of the square is four. Like every time you use the word, like squared, or cubed, it's really space, it's not numbers, it's space. And it's perfect space, but only in your head, because you can't draw a perfect square, like in the material world, but in your mind, you can have perfect space. (pause) You know? 
SANDY	f	Yeah. But I just need some help with my homework. 
JIM 	m	Hey guys, I'm back. 
MIKEY	m	(honestly confused) You were gone? 
JIM	m	(a look of disappointment)  Yeah Mikey. Yep, I was in Houston, working on some great new ideas about silicon, which comes from sand, very conductive. How you guys doing? How's school? 
MIKEY 	m	Uh, I dunno. OK I guess. 
JIM 	m	Hmm. Alright! 
SANDY 	f	You really didn't notice? Man, he's been gone for three days. 
JANEY 	f	Good trip? 
JIM	m	(as he sits) You bet. 
JANEY 	f	Jesus, Jim! 
JIM	m	(jumping up, which only  creates another wave) Sorry honey. Hell, we've got to trade this thing in for a normal bed. 
JANEY 	f	Just be careful. 
JIM	m	(as he begins to unpack) You notice anything with Mikey lately? The kid seemed a little out of it tonight, eh? 
JANEY 	f	Tonight? Jim, he's been out of it since he was born. 
JIM 	m	Hell, I guess he takes after me, huh? 
PHILIP 	m	In many ways, the church-bound tradition of the father, son, and holy ghost is simply a version of the parent-child-adult triad within us all. It's a primitive set of symbols for our inner psychology. 
ELENA 	f	You're saying that Christ is the child, and -- 
PHILIP 	m	-- And God the angry parent, and the Spirit the hope of an integrated adult self. 
ELENA 	f	All well and good -- But tell me again what is it exactly that you believe in? 
PHILIP 	m	You ask what the point is? 
ELENA 	f	That's right. 
PHILIP 	m	Self-realization. Ministering to help people reach their fullest potential. Would you believe me if I told you I want you to see yourself reach your fullest potential and self-realization? 
ELENA 	f	I would say it sounds like you're trying to get me into bed. 
PHILIP 	m	If that's a potential you see yourself fulfilling... I mean...  (flustered) My, I sound a bit -- 
ELENA 	f	I'm sorry. That was stupid of me. I didn't mean to be so rude. 
PHILIP 	m	You weren't. You actually, for some reason, you have the effect on me of making me feel just a tiny bit ashamed of myself. 
ELENA 	f	But not too ashamed. 
PHILIP 	m	(smiling) Now you are being rude. 
ELENA 	f	And you're still trying to get me into bed. 
PHILIP 	m	Ouch. 
DOROTHY 	f	Hello you two. Am I barging in on some kind of religious study group? Elena, you look marvelous. Will I see you and Ben at the Halford's? 
ELENA 	f	I suppose we'll make an appearance. 
DOROTHY 	f	And Reverend Edwards? Did you make the list? 
PHILIP 	m	(laughing) I believe so Mrs. Franklin. 
DOROTHY 	f	With the two of you there it will be positively a revival! I'm off! 
PHILIP 	m	I'm afraid she's something of a gossip, isn't she? 
ELENA	f	(gathering her things to  go) I'm afraid people around here provide her with quite a bit to gossip about.  (getting up) Take care. 
PHILIP 	m	That I will indeed. 
MIKEY 	m	Because of molecules we are connected to the outside world from our bodies. Like when you smell things, because when you smell a smell it's not really a smell, it's a part of the object that has come off of it -- molecules. So when you smell something bad, it's like in a way you're eating it. This is why you should not really smell things, in the same way that you don't eat everything in the world around you  - because as a smell, it gets inside of you. So the next time you go into the bathroom after someone else has been there, remember what kinds of molecules you are in fact eating. 
HAROLD	m	It's not the taxes I object to. It's all the fines and penalties. 
BEN 	m	Alright dad. But you sold the house, you didn't tell anyone, including the IRS, and I'd of certainly liked to have seen if there was any old stuff -- 
HAROLD 	m	It was all junk! 
BEN 	m	Oh. Elena wanted to know when we could expect you on Thanksgiving. It's just going to be you this year. 
HAROLD 	m	Ben, I'm going to Florida. I hate Thanksgiving and I hate the cold. I have a new nurse. She's a negro, she weighs three hundred pounds, and I've decided to leave my entire estate to her. 
BEN 	m	What? 
HAROLD 	m	Jesus, Benjamin, you're still as gullible as ever. 
BEN 	m	That was a joke? You don't tell jokes. 
HAROLD 	m	I thought I'd start trying. If you don't mind. But I am going to Florida and I do have a new nurse. 
JANEY 	f	Need a lift? 
ELENA 	f	Thanks again. For the dinner. 
JANEY 	f	Thanks for eating it. I don't know why I even pretend I can cook. 
ELENA 	f	I used to know how to cook. 
JANEY 	f	It's not like we're too busy. 
ELENA 	f	I'm thinking of going back to school. 
JANEY 	f	Social work? 
ELENA 	f	How'd you know? 
JANEY 	f	Educated guess. 
ELENA 	f	I'm that predictable? No, you don't have to answer that. It's just that with the kids almost grown -- 
JANEY 	f	You don't have to apologize. I'm too much of a cynic. You actually seem to be trying to figure things out -- don't mind me. 
JANEY	f	Here you are. 
ELENA	f	(opening her door) Thanks for the lift. If the bike's any bother-- 
JANEY 	f	None at all. I'll leave it in front of your garage. Happy Thanksgiving. 
PAUL 	m	To find yourself in the Negative Zone, as the Fantastic Four often do, means that all everyday assumptions are inverted -- even the invisible girl herself becomes visible, and so she loses the last semblance of her power. 
JANEY 	f	Sandy! 
JANEY 	f	You little idiotic prick, you could blow yourself fucking sky high with all this demented crap. 
JANEY 	f	(sighing) Hey. (picking up the  firecrackers) I'll take this stuff. 
SANDY	f	You going to tell dad? 
JANEY	f	Would it matter? (sees something else lying  on the ground) And what's that? 
SANDY	f	(sniffling) You know, it's the whip -- the one uncle Frank got me from Mexico. 
JANEY	f	It's not packed with explosives, is it? 
SANDY 	f	No! 
JANEY	f	(going into the house) Play with the whip. 
JANEY	f	Oh. Hi Wendy. 
WENDY	f	Hi Mrs. Williams. 
JANEY	f	Mikey, have you heard the explosions coming from the backyard? (he stares blankly at her) Do you know what Sandy's been up to? 
MIKEY	m	(honestly oblivious, as  usual) I dunno. 
JANEY	f	Don't you kids have homework? 
MIKEY AND WENDY 	m	(without looking up, in  unison) Thanksgiving break. 
WENDY 	f	After you. 
SANDY 	f	Well, you can... 
WENDY 	f	Hey Sandy, what were you blowing up out there? Your mom was pretty p.o.'d. 
SANDY 	f	All my model planes. 
WENDY 	f	The ones you built? 
SANDY	f	They were old. And they couldn't fly anyhow. I'm going to get a radio-controlled airplane at Christmas, and then I'll stuff it full of m-80s and then fly it into Mrs. Burgess's English class and blow it up. 
WENDY 	f	I have to go to the bathroom. 
SANDY 	f	Yeah. 
WENDY 	f	I'll show you mine if you show me yours. 
SANDY 	f	What do you want?! What do you want? Get out! Get out of here! 
JANEY	f	(sizing up the situation)  Shit. 
JANEY 	f	A person's body is his temple, Wendy. This body is your first and last possession. Now as your own parents have probably told you, in adolescence our bodies tend to betray us. That's why, in Samoa and in other developing nations, adolescents are sent out into the woods, unarmed, and they don't come back until they've learned a thing or two. 
MIKEY 	m	I don't ever want to see you. 
WENDY 	f	Then why'd you come after me? 
BEN 	m	Elena. I need some help here if this thing's gonna defrost by tomorrow. 
BEN 	m	Here. 
BEN 	m	You all right there? 
ELENA 	f	Oh. Sure, I -- Did you remember to pick up the cranberry sauce? 
BEN	m	Um, yes. 
ELENA 	f	Because you like it on your turkey sandwiches. 
BEN 	m	I do. I'm -- are you...? 
ELENA 	f	I... I think I am... 
BEN 	m	(pause) You know Elena, I've been thinking-- 
ELENA	f	Ben, maybe no talking right now? If you start talking, you're going to-- 
BEN 	m	You crying? 
ELENA 	f	I'm just sad Ben -- I mean it was... you were, but, you know. I just don't know... 
BEN	m	(gently making light) Whatever that means Elena -- And you complain about me not communicating... I thought it was -- 
ELENA 	f	No, I didn't mean to sound negative. It was -- But Ben.  (beat) What is going to happen with us? Have you -- 
BEN 	m	You have to bring this up now? What? Did I do something here? Is that it? Is it something I did? 
ELENA 	f	I wasn't accusing you, Ben. It's just that we've got to be honest. Not just with ourselves, but with the children. 
BEN	m	(pause, sitting up) Hell, I know. I -- I guess if you want to accuse me, you've got -- (looks at watch) Oh hell! I've got to pick up Paul. I almost forgot. 
ELENA	f	You were saying? 
BEN	m	Yikes -- I was hoping to wear this thing to the Halford's Friday. 
ELENA	f	That shirt? 
BEN	m	What? 
ELENA	f	Leave it -- I'll wash it for you. 
WENDY	f	You have to follow me? 
MIKEY	m	I dunno. I -- 
BEN	m	Hey there Mikey, how's business? 
MIKEY	m	(tripping off of his bike) Business? Uh, I dunno. 
BEN	m	I'm picking up Paul at the station  - want to come? 
WENDY	f	Nah. 
BEN	m	What you been up to? 
WENDY	f	Nothing. 
BEN	m	So how's school treating you? 
PAUL	m	All right. 
BEN 	m	Classes? 
PAUL	m	Good. 
BEN 	m	Grades? 
PAUL	m	Fine. 
BEN 	m	Anyone special? You know... 
PAUL	m	Hnnn. 
BEN 	m	Well it's good to see you -- we miss you around the house and all, but this St. Peter's, it's top of the line, eh? 
PAUL	m	Yeah. 
BEN 	m	You know Paul, I've been thinking, maybe this is as good a time as any to have a little talk, you know, about -- well -- 
PAUL	m	(nervous) About? 
BEN 	m	Well, the whole gamut. Facts of life and all. Some fatherly advice, because, I tell you, there's things happening that you're probably old enough... well... (pause) For example, on the self-abuse front -- now this is important - it's not advisable to do it in the shower -- it wastes water and electricity and because we all expect you to be doing it there in any case -- and, um, not onto the linen, and not on your sister's underwear or any clothing belonging to your mother -- 
PAUL 	m	Uh, Dad -- 
BEN 	m	Holy! Well. If you're worried about anything, just feel free to ask, and, uh, we can look it up. 
PAUL 	m	Uh, dad, you know I'm 16. 
BEN 	m	All the more reason for this little heart to heart... great. 
BEN 	m	Um, Paul. On second thought, can you do me a favor and pretend I never said any of that. 
PAUL 	m	Sure dad. 
BEN 	m	Thanks. 
PAUL 	m	Hello, Charles. 
WENDY 	f	Greetings, Charles. 
PAUL 	m	How are the parental units functioning these days? 
WENDY 	f	Dad's like doing his Up With People routine, mom hasn't been saying much. 
PAUL 	m	I don't know. Dad seems a little weird. 
WENDY 	f	Yeah well wait till mom opens her mouth. 
PAUL 	m	May I operate your telephonic apparatus? 
WENDY 	f	Why don't you use the phone downstairs? 
PAUL 	m	Calling an individual, Charles, in New York. Confirming a social outing for Friday night. 
WENDY 	f	Can I come? 
PAUL	m	It's a one-on-one kind of date thing. 
WENDY	f	With who? 
PAUL	m	Her name's Libbets. 
WENDY	f	Libbets? What kind of a name is Libbets? 
ELENA	f	The turkey in? 
BEN	m	Stuffed and baking. 
BEN	m	Anyone home? 
PAUL	m	I'll be out in a second. 
BEN 	m	Sure you will. 
BEN 	m	Well, it's great we can all be together. And this Thanksgiving, no hysteria, no yelling, especially with grandpa not here, although we miss him. So let's do it right and actually, Wendy, why don't you say grace. You used to love to say grace, remember. 
WENDY 	f	Dear Lord, thank you for Thanksgiving, and for letting us white people kill all the Indians... 
WENDY 	f	... and steal their tribal lands and stuff ourselves like pigs 
WENDY 	f	... while children in Africa and Asia are napalmed and -- 
BEN 	m	Jesus all right enough! 
JANEY 	f	Here. 
BEN 	m	After the Thanksgiving I had, I need it. You having one? 
JANEY 	f	In a bit. 
BEN 	m	You know, I think Elena might suspect something. 
BEN 	m	(thinking aloud) Maybe it's all for the better, you know? Yesterday, at dinner, well, she hasn't said anything... has she acted funny to you, I mean, have you noticed anything? 
JANEY	f	(almost ironic) Have I noticed anything? I'm not married to her Benjamin, you are. I think you've probably a better vantage point from which to observe her. 
BEN 	m	Yeah, but, I -- I've been working a lot lately, and -- No, that's not it. I guess we've just been on the verge of saying something, whatever it is, just saying something to each other. On the verge. 
JANEY 	f	I'll be back. 
BEN	m	Huh? 
JANEY	f	Birth control. 
BEN	m	Right. Gotcha. 
BEN 	m	Janey? 
BEN 	m	(quietly) Janey? 
BEN 	m	Shit. 
BEN	m	Water bed! Dig it! 
JUMP CUT:	m	
MIKEY 	m	See, no one's here. Maybe you want to go to the basement? 
WENDY 	f	Maybe we can just watch some TV. 
MIKEY 	m	There's a TV in the basement. 
MIKEY 	m	Maybe we can mess around. You know, only if you want to... 
WENDY	f	I don't know. 
MIKEY	m	Why did you -- with Sandy? 
WENDY	f	I don't know. 
MIKEY	m	You like him? He worships you. 
WENDY	f	Hey, what's this? 
WENDY 	f	Wow! 
MIKEY	m	Wendy! 
WENDY	f	(from behind the mask) I won't take my pants off. But I'll touch it. That's as far as it goes. 
MIKEY	m	(muttering) When worlds collide. 
WENDY 	f	Huh? 
MIKEY 	m	4:30 movie. When Worlds Collide. 
BEN 	m	What the hell are you kids doing down here? 
WENDY 	f	What do you think we're doing, dad? 
BEN 	m	What do I think? I think you're probably touching each other. I think you're touching that reckless jerk-off, for god's sake, and I think he's trying to get into your slacks. I think, at fourteen years of age, that you're getting ready to give up your girlhood -- 
MIKEY 	m	Hey, hang on there, Mr. Hood -- 
BEN 	m	Don't you direct a single word at me, Mikey. I don't want to hear it. I'll be speaking with your parents about this situation very soon. Bet your ass on that, son. Young lady? 
WENDY 	f	Talking to me, dad? 
BEN 	m	Who else would I be talking to? And take that thing off! 
WENDY	f	(pulling off the mask) Well, then forget all this stern dad stuff. 
BEN 	m	I'm not interested in your smart ass remarks now, lady. Let's go. Right now. You and I can discuss it on the walk home. 
BEN 	m	Look, kiddo, don't worry about it. I really don't care that much. I'm just not sure he's good enough, that's all. 
WENDY 	f	Huh? 
BEN 	m	I mean, he's not serious, he'll end up living off Janey and Jim, you watch. It's just that you develop a sense when you get older, if things are going to work out or if they won't, and sometimes it's not worth the mess... 
BEN 	m	Your toes cold? 
WENDY	f	Yeah. 
BEN	m	I'll carry you up the drive. 
ELENA 	f	(from the kitchen) Dinner in ten minutes. 
BEN	m	You go dry off now. 
BEN	m	Never guess where I found her. 
BEN 	m	In the basement over at Janey and Jim's. With that weirdo Mikey. Not even a TV on. And they're on the floor and he's got his trousers down though thank goodness she's still dressed. Well, I really let him have it!  (a nervous laugh) ... and Wendy came home peacefully... Hey, should I dress for the Halford's now, or - give me your - 
ELENA 	f	Up to you. I'd like to go early and leave pretty soon after that. 
BEN 	m	I get you loud and clear... hey, you look nice. 
ELENA 	f	So what were you doing in the Williams' basement anyway? 
BEN 	m	Oh, just dropping off a coffee cup. Jim left it, last time he was over. It was on the dash of the car. You were, you know, reading, thought I'd just catch some air. Let's eat. 
ELENA 	f	Oh right. The mustache coffee cup. The one that was sitting on the dash. 
BEN 	m	Yeah, that one. 
ELENA 	f	That one. 
PAUL	m	See you.  
BEN	m	Stay out of trouble. 
ELENA	f	You'll be on the 10:30 train? 
PAUL	m	11:30? 
ELENA	f	Paul -- 
BEN	m	Ah let the guy have his fun. What's the name of this girl with the Park Avenue address? 
PAUL	m	Libbets. Libbets Casey. 
BEN	m	Libbets? What kind of name is Libbets? 
TV	m	... and that ends today's highlight coverage of the Watergate affair. 
WENDY	f	Shoot. 
BEN	m	What's for dessert? 
ELENA	f	See for yourself. 
BEN	m	No advice from the experts, huh? 
ELENA	f	Don't start. 
BEN	m	You think I -- 
ELENA	f	I have no idea. 
BEN	m	What's on your mind? Don't -- 
ELENA	f	It wouldn't make a pleasant evening, if that's what you're after. I don't want to talk about it. Stupid mustache cup. 
BEN	m	What do you mean? 
ELENA	f	Don't be dim. 
BEN	m	Elena, what are you're talking about? 
ELENA	f	I'm not surprised. 
BEN	m	Listen, Elena, if you're gonna pull that passive aggressive stuff on me again -- 
ELENA	f	Your unfaithfulness -- that's what I'm trying to talk about. Your unfaithfulness. Your betrayal. Your dalliance. And you won't do me the dignity of being up front about it. 
BEN	m	(quieter) Am I unfaithful? Is that what you're trying to say? 
ELENA	f	It's a starting place. 
BEN	m	Well, what kind of faithfulness are you after? 
ELENA 	f	If you're going to insult me -- 
BEN	m	What else could I be? What else could I be? We're not living in the real world here. You're living out some fantasy land from the past, or some advice or something from those psychoanalysts... there are some hard facts here. 
BEN 	m	It's the law of the land... the government, the world, those two guys on the Yankees... And I'm not having any fun at it, I can tell you that. I'm not... 
ELENA 	f	Oh lord. You think I'm so dense. And now you want to be seen with your dense wife at the cocktail party. You want to wear that ridiculous shirt which doesn't go with those pants at all. You want to wear that, and you want me to shake hands with your friends and make conversation and dress up in an outfit that shows a lot of cleavage and you're not going to accord me the respect of talking honestly about this... You don't really know what this feels like. 
BEN	m	(whispering) Sure I do. Do I know what loneliness feels like? Sure I do. I know a lot about it, if that's what you mean. 
ELENA 	f	Benjamin. That's supposed to explain it? 
ELENA 	f	We're going to the Halford's. The number's on the calendar in the kitchen. We should be home around 
WENDY	f	(eyes still glued to the 
 TV)	?	Is it a big party? A big neighborhood party? 
ELENA 	f	I suppose. Why? 
WENDY 	f	Just curious. If there's a problem, I guess I'll just call you there to interrupt. 
ELENA 	f	What sort of problems are you planning exactly? 
WENDY	f	(still watching the TV) Oh I thought I'd steal the station wagon, drive up to a commune. Or set the house on fire. You know. 
ELENA 	f	Just bundle up. It's supposed to freeze tonight. We'll see you in the morning. 
DOT 	f	Ben, Elena. Wonderful! Wonderful! So wonderful to see you. 
DOT 	f	Would you care to play? New this year. 
DOT 	f	Strictly volunteer, of course. You can put your coats in the library if you like. 
ELENA	f	Oh, damn. Uh, I've left the -- 
BEN 	m	You've... 
ELENA 	f	In the car. 
BEN 	m	Oh, yeah. Yeah, we'll be right back, Dot. 
ELENA 	f	This just isn't the best moment for this. 
BEN 	m	I know, I know. I had no idea -- 
ELENA 	f	That this was going to be a key party? 
BEN 	m	Yeah, well, if we'd understood we could have invented some kind of excuse. A key party -- did you see how stuffed that bowl was already? 
ELENA 	f	Well? 
BEN 	m	I think we're here and we don't have to stay -- we ought simply to put in an appearance and then we can head home. 
ELENA 	f	Damn it, Ben -- 
BEN 	m	I'm not staying at this party so we can go home with someone else's wife. That's not why we're here, right? We're simply being neighbors here, and I think we should do just that -- 
ELENA 	f	You're not going to -- 
BEN 	m	I'm not. 
ELENA 	f	You have some marker, that's what I think, if you want to know the truth. You have some marker and you're going to put it on the house keys so that Janey can find them and then when I get back to the house I'll find the two of you in there and Wendy'll be able to hear you and Paul will be back and he'll hear you and I'll catch you, that's what I think. She'll be swearing and banging against the wall and I'll catch -- 
BEN 	m	Elena. 
BEN 	m	Elena, it's not what you think. It's not a big plot. Honestly. Honestly. I don't know if you want to go over this now, but it's just something that comes over me. I don't feel good about it. I know I've done what I didn't want to do. I don't know -- 
ELENA 	f	Well, I'm really pleased to hear a confession. 
BEN 	m	Elena, you're just getting wound up to get wound up. 
ELENA 	f	Thanks for the diagnosis, Ben. Thank you. So let's just go to this fiasco if that's what you want to do. Let's just go on in. I'd rather talk to anyone else but you. 
ELENA 	f	Oh, Dot! 
GEORGE 	m	Benjie! 
BEN 	m	Clair, George Clair! What the hell brings you to New Canaan? 
GEORGE 	m	Well, it's the funniest thing. I've been talking to some investors -- a little outside venture, you understand, between you and me -- about a scheme to manufacture a new Styrofoam packaging. Little peanut like pieces that can really keep an item free from trauma during shipping. Miraculous. Anyway, it turns out the genius behind the whole project is your neighbor, Jim Williams. How about that! 
BEN 	m	Well, hey, isn't that a one-in-a million coincidence. A real dreamer, Jim Williams, eh? 
GEORGE	m	Darned right. Look here, Benj, whaddya make of this sequel to The Godfather? You think it's gonna work? 
BEN	m	Don't see how. I think the public's had its fill of this gangster stuff. No, trust me -- disaster pics. And air hockey. 
GEORGE	m	Yeah, good. 
GEORGE 	m	Well, gonna make a break for the hors d'oeuvres guy. 
BEN	m	Yeah, see you bright and early Monday am. (beat) Say, where's the wife? 
GEORGE	m	(winking as he goes) In Rhode Island with the folks. I'm a free agent tonight. 
JANEY 	f	Oh jeez, Benjie. Well, here you are. 
BEN 	m	Damn right, but where the hell were you? 
JANEY 	f	(looking around) What are you talking about? 
BEN	m	(whispering, but too  loudly) Don't bullshit me around, Janey. Jesus Christ, I waited around for more than half an hour, in nothing but my boxer shorts, and -- and what's all that about? What the hell happened? 
JANEY 	f	A prior engagement overcame me. 
BEN 	m	What? 
JANEY 	f	Listen, Benjamin Hood. I have obligations that precede your... from before you showed up. One or two, you know, good-natured encounters, that doesn't mean I'm... I'm not just some toy for you. When I remembered some chores I wanted to get done before the party, I just did them, that's all, because I wanted to do them before I saw Jimmy. 
BEN 	m	Jimmy? Jimmy? I don't know how to take this. And what do you mean, Jimmy? I thought you said you and your husband -- 
JANEY 	f	How you take it isn't all that interesting to me, Benjamin. I'm sorry -- 
BEN 	m	I just can't believe you could be so -- 
GORMAN	m	(lighting up a joint) Welcome to the Monkey House has been a seminal influence on me -- hey Benjamin -- give it a try? This stuff will make some sense out of those larger questions. 
BEN 	m	(waving it away) Thanks for the advice Dave. 
BEN 	m	Uh, well, what the hey... 
BEN 	m	(coughing) Good shit. 
GORMAN 	m	Sure is good shit. It's opiated. I had it in my chamber for a while. I was smoking this other -- 
BEN 	m	It's what? 
GORMAN	m	Don't fret, Benjie, it's -- 
BEN 	m	Darn it, Dave. 
JACK MOELLERING 	m	Take California. They've got their own airline in-state that's not subject to the fare controls. Compare Sacramento to L.A. on the controlled airlines and you'll see what Friedman is saying -- supply and demand, less restriction. 
CONDUCTOR 	m	Approaching our final stop, Grand Central Station. 
PAUL	m	Libbets Casey, please. 
DOORMAN	m	Your name? 
PAUL	m	Paul Hood. 
DOORMAN	m	(a smirk) Elevator on the right. Eighth floor -- she's waiting for you. 
LIBBETS 	?	(from the other side of  the door) Open it Paul! 
LIBBETS 	?	Excellent. We were waiting! 
PAUL	m	(under his breath) We? 
FRANCIS	m	(lifting the book up) You oughtta read this Hood, Nixon, our leader, all ye need know about the travails of life. Check out the Checkers speech stuff. 
PAUL	m	(all hope drained from  him)  Francis. You gonna leave the seeds in there? In the binding like that? 
FRANCIS 	m	All will be revealed, baby. 
FRANCIS 	m	Awesome sleet and rain. 
LIBBETS 	?	Major. 
FRANCIS 	m	Howdy there. You, young knight. Can you check on the mead? Can you sally forth and secure us some more mead? 
PAUL 	m	Huh? 
FRANCIS	m	(nasal voice,  impersonating a TV  character) Moisture! Moisture! 
LIBBETS	?	(pointing) Beer. In the pantry. 
LIBBETS	?	Frankie opens them with his teeth. 
PAUL 	m	(handing him a beer) Hey, it's a sellable skill. 
FRANCIS	m	Hell on the fillings. 
FRANCIS 	m	Everything's gonna freeze, the big freeze. 
LIBBETS 	?	Yeah, Paul, are you gonna get home okay? 
WENDY	f	Ouch! 
WENDY 	f	Stupid. 
WENDY 	f	Hood residence. 
MIKEY 	m	You're parents at that party? 
INTERCUT:	?	
WENDY 	f	Yeah. Yours? 
MIKEY 	m	You get in trouble? 
WENDY 	f	Maybe. Can't really tell yet. 
MIKEY 	m	I'm sorry if I got you into trouble. Maybe we don't have to, you know... unless you really want to. 
WENDY 	f	Yeah. 
MIKE 	m	I'm going to Silver Meadow, check out the ice storm... You wanna come. 
WENDY 	f	Maybe. 
MIKE 	m	Yeah. OK. 
SANDY 	f	Where you going? 
MIKEY 	m	Out. 
SANDY 	f	It's freezing. 
MIKEY 	m	(pausing) Yeah. When it freezes, I guess that means the molecules are not moving. So when you breathe, there's nothing in the air, you know, to breathe in to your body. The molecules have stopped. So it's clean. 
ELENA 	f	Reverend Edwards. 
PHILIP 	m	Perhaps you might find it in your heart to call me Philip? 
ELENA 	f	You're here... I'm a bit surprised. 
PHILIP 	m	Sometimes the shepherd needs the company of the sheep. 
ELENA 	f	I'm going to try hard not to understand the implications of that simile. 
PHILIP	m	Forgive me. 
TED FRANKLIN	m	(passing by) I hope those weren't my keys. 
PAUL 	m	Eureka. 
PAUL	m	Valium. Seconal. Uh, (can't quite pronounce  this one) Par-er-goric? (a beat, looking into the  mirror for effect) Francis Chamberlain Davenport the Fourth -- tonight you sleep the sleep of the just. 
PAUL 	m	And whence has yon virginal maiden absconded? 
FRANCIS 	m	Like into one of the other 20 or so bathrooms they've got in this place. 
PAUL 	m	Check it out. Not for the faint of heart. 
FRANCIS 	m	Pharmaceutical! You are a god. 
PAUL 	m	(picking up beer, trying  to hurry before Libbets  returns) One for you and one for me. 
LIBBETS	?	(in the doorway) No candy for me? 
FRANCIS 	m	Groovy. (to Paul) Young master of the revels, a treat for our hostess? 
PAUL 	m	Well, uh, I don't, it's really -- 
LIBBETS 	?	What is it? 
FRANCIS 	m	Come on Paulie, share the wealth. You copped 'em from her mom's stash anyway. 
LIBBETS 	?	Let's see! 
PAUL	m	(hand in pocket) Libbets, you really shouldn't mix and match, you know with the beer. I'll put 'em back. 
LIBBETS 	?	Oh far out, Paulie. Hey look, these expired like five months ago. You think they're better aged? 
PAUL 	m	Maybe you should have just a half. 
LIBBETS 	?	Thanks for the advice dad. 
BOLAND 	m	Benjie, feeling no pain. 
BEN 	m	As the Indian saying goes, pain is merely an opinion. 
BOLAND	m	(nodding across the room) Hey -- check it out. Maria Conrad's brought her son. (walking off) I wish some of the gang had brought their daughters! 
NEIL 	m	As Werner says, there is nothing to get. That's It. When you get that there's nothing to get. That's the training, when you ask yourself, the question, "What is is?" 
JANEY 	f	Wait, this is the training, where they don't let you go to the bathroom? 
NEIL 	m	That was the hardest part. But I did it. And you get into some far out shit. 
FRANCIS 	m	The foot... the foot... toeclipper man... 
PAUL 	m	I guess he's just real exhausted from, you know, tests and stuff. 
LIBBETS 	?	Yeah. 
PAUL 	m	You know Libbets, I really feel, you know, like a real connection to you -- 
LIBBETS 	?	Yeah but you don't even know me really. 
PAUL 	m	Sure I do, you know, like your aura. That you give off. 
LIBBETS 	?	My what? 
PAUL 	m	It's like very positive, and I feel a real special feeling, because you really -- 
LIBBETS 	?	And I have a special feeling too, because I do. It's special. 
PAUL 	m	You do? I'm glad. Because I feel for you -- 
LIBBETS 	?	And I have a feeling for you too, because you're just like -- I feel for you like you're -- you're just like -- 
PAUL AND LIBBETS	m	(simultaneously) -- like a brother. 
PAUL 	m	Yeah, you're not alone with that line. 
LIBBETS 	?	I do. 
PAUL 	m	Right. Cool. So, how about we take a bath together? 
LIBBETS	?	(consciousness fading  fast) Hah hah you're funny. A bath. Like a brother and sister. Oh man, I'm so wasted. 
DOT 	f	OK everyone. We have a little business to attend to now. So everyone who'd like to stay, please gather in the living room. 
BEN	m	(walking up to Elena) Ready to go? 
ELENA	f	We're not going anywhere. 
INTERCUT:	?	
WENDY 	f	Hood residence. 
PAUL	m	(whispering) Charles, what time is it? 
WENDY 	f	Is this Charles? 
PAUL 	m	What time is it? 
WENDY 	f	Um, ten-o-five. Why? Where are you? 
PAUL 	m	I'm, uh, in the midst of a moral dilemma. And I was wondering, because I know you're a very moral person, and -- 
WENDY 	f	And? 
PAUL 	m	Shit. I can't really talk about it. I guess I better get to the train. 
WENDY 	f	Right. 
PAUL 	m	What are you doing at home on a Friday night? 
WENDY 	f	I have plans. 
DOT 	f	Well, what shall the order be, alphabetical? In order of appearance? 
PIERCE SAWYER 	m	Golf handicap! Lowest handicap does the honors. 
DOT 	f	Golf handicap? Ladies, isn't it up to you? 
MARIA CONRAD 	f	Oh I'll go first, damn it. Let's just line up and get it over with. 
MARIE EARLE 	f	Good luck! 
MRS. GADD 	f	Oh, my own husband. Isn't that against the rules? 
DOT 	f	Try again? 
MRS. GADD 	f	(relieved) Oh, I think not. 
DOT 	f	Getting down to the wire! 
THE GROUP	m	(ad lib) Hey hey Ben, hang on there a sec. 
BEN 	m	Sorry... maybe I should... the bathroom? 
DOT	f	Right down the hall, Ben. 
BEN	m	(muttering) Sorry, I'm sorry. Uh, I'll be back. 
ROB HALFORD	m	(taking Sari's arm) Actually, we didn't put our keys in at all. But you won't spread it around? It's my party, and Dot isn't... hey, we're just going to slip upstairs for a while. You folks like a cup of coffee or something before we go? 
ELENA 	f	Rob, we'll fix it for ourselves. You two go and get acquainted. We'll let ourselves out the front door. 
JIM 	m	Well, I have to say I don't have much faith that my car keys are still in that bowl. Doesn't seem entirely safe, leaving your car keys around? 
ELENA 	f	Let me. 
JIM 	m	Thanks, but -- oh, I don't think so. It's been kind of a discouraging evening. 
ELENA 	f	You couldn't have hoped for much better when you came up the walk. 
JIM 	m	Somehow it was different in my imagination when I thought about it. Actually, I didn't think about it at all, really. 
JIM 	m	You want coffee or something? 
ELENA 	f	Well, maybe they have one of those filter jobs in the kitchen -- 
JIM 	m	Look, Elena, the fact that we're neighbors... you know, close friends, well it sort of makes this a little strange, don't you think? 
ELENA 	f	My husband is probably passed out in the bathroom, or at least he wishes he were. I've been married to him for 17 years and I don't have any intention of going in there to get him... so what I'm proposing is that since your wife has gone off with a boy, and since you are standing here alone, I'm proposing that you and I do what makes sense. Stay warm. Pass some time. That's all. 
ELENA 	f	Now don't make me feel as if I'm being too forward, OK? If you don't 
JIM 	m	What the hey. Let's go for a drive. 
ELENA 	f	Okay. Shall we clean up around here first? Do you think it's all right-- 
JIM 	m	Nah, that wasn't in the contract. 
JIM 	m	We're going to have to defrost this thing for a while. 
ELENA 	f	Do these seats go back? 
JIM 	m	That was awful, really awful. I'm so sorry, Elena. 
JIM 	m	Things are really rotten at home. You wouldn't believe how rotten. Janey's sick. She's unstable, I guess... it's not the right time to tell you... but that's it -- it's like I can't make her happy, the boys can't make her happy, she just doesn't -- 
ELENA 	f	Jim, maybe we should just go. I've got to look in on the kids. Paul is supposed to be coming back in from the city. 
JIM 	m	Jesus, let me make it up to you -- I can do better than that, honestly 
ELENA 	f	Well, we can talk about it. 
JIM 	m	That's fine. I wouldn't expect you to see it any other way. 
ELENA 	f	Maybe you just need -- look, can you wait here a sec, I need to tidy up -- just a minute, I'll be right back. You'll wait? 
JIM 	m	Of course. 
BEN 	m	Elena. 
ELENA 	f	Ben, I've got a ride home. Maybe you should sleep this one off on the couch here? 
BEN 	m	I'll drive you -- 
ELENA 	f	Ben. 
ELENA 	f	You're in no condition to drive. We'll talk in the morning, OK? 
ELENA 	f	You'll get some sleep on the couch out there? 
BEN 	m	(looking up at her, with  gratitude) Sure. I'll try. And we'll talk in the morning? 
ELENA 	f	We'll talk in the morning. 
WENDY 	f	Anyone home? Hello. 
SANDY 	f	Wendy. 
WENDY 	f	Sandy, you scared the shit out of me. 
SANDY 	f	What are you doing? 
WENDY 	f	Just thought I'd stop by. 
SANDY 	f	Mike's out -- I think he went to Silver Meadow to see if you were hanging around there. 
WENDY 	f	Yeah. 
SANDY 	f	(pause) Are you his girlfriend? 
WENDY 	f	No. 
JIM 	m	You okay? 
ELENA	f	Yeah. You? 
JIM 	m	Yes. Well, I guess we can walk from here. 
PAUL	m	Oh shit! 
PAUL 	m	Oh shit oh shit. 
PAUL 	m	Oh shit oh shit. C'mon! 
SANDY 	f	Check this out. He's supposed to talk all kinds of stuff, but he's like malfunctioned. 
G.I. JOE 	m	Mayday! Mayday! Get this message back to base! 
SANDY 	f	Same thing. Again and again. 
G.I. JOE 	m	Mayday! Mayday! Get this message back to base! 
SANDY 	f	It's gonna get a lot colder tonight, I predict. Probably a blackout. Do you have candles in your house? I know where the candles are, and I have my own flashlight. Over there. Also, I know where every emergency exit is on this floor. 
SANDY 	f	This knot's called a bowline. 
G.I. JOE 	m	Mayday! Mayday! 
SANDY 	f	Let's hang him. 
WENDY 	f	He's dead. 
SANDY 	f	If it wasn't raining we could take him outside and blow him up. 
WENDY 	f	He wouldn't blow up. He'd just get all mangled or twisted. 
WENDY 	f	Well. (noticing his lack of  anatomy)  It looks like someone got to his private parts before us. 
SANDY 	f	Communist Viet Cong. 
WENDY 	f	They left it in the jungle. 
WENDY 	f	Can I get into your bed?  (pause) With you? 
SANDY 	f	We -- we have to go to the guest room. We can't stay in here. What if Mikey? My parents? 
WENDY 	f	Don't worry about them. They're at that party, getting drunk and falling all over each other and making jokes about McGovern and stuff. 
SANDY 	f	It's just -- it's just -- 
WENDY 	f	Want a drink? 
SANDY 	f	Vodka? 
WENDY 	f	You never tasted the stuff? 
WENDY 	f	Try again. 
SANDY 	f	It feels warm. 
WENDY 	f	One more shot? 
SANDY 	f	Okay. 
WENDY 	f	Under the covers. 
WENDY	f	(feeling her way) Get 'em off. 
WENDY 	f	Have you ever had a nocturnal emission? 
SANDY 	f	Huh? 
WENDY 	f	That's the name for when you wake up and find this little pool of sticky stuff, like after a sexy dream. 
WENDY 	f	They didn't tell you this stuff yet? What planet do you live on? 
SANDY	f	I love you. 
WENDY 	f	That's nice. Are you drunk? 
SANDY 	f	I don't know. How do I know? 
WENDY 	f	I don't know either. You spin around, when you lie down. 
SANDY 	f	I don't think I'm spinning. 
MIKEY 	m	Oh shit. 
JIM 	m	You want to come in, get a cup of coffee -- warm up? I can either walk you home, or you could crash in the guest room. 
ELENA 	f	Sure. Maybe coffee. 
JIM 	m	Phone's out. I hope the pipe's -- 
JIM 	m	Oh well. Why don't you put on some dry socks -- and we've got some rain boots in the guest closet back there. Last room upstairs -- back of the hall. 
ELENA	f	(heartbroken, softly) Get dressed. 
ELENA 	f	You should let him sleep. 
WENDY 	f	Where's dad? 
CONDUCTOR	m	Good morning ladies and gentlemen -- 
WENDY	f	I don't like coffee. 
ELENA	f	It'll warm you up. 
SANDY	f	Dad? 
ELENA 	f	Ben? 
BEN	m	Jim -- he was just up --  in Silver Lane -- I think maybe -- a power line -- 
BEN 	m	Do you think? Maybe we should call someone -- 
ELENA 	f	The phone's out. 
BEN 	m	Yeah. Well, we can just -- 
ELENA 	f	Ben, I don't think he wants us here. 
WENDY 	f	Wait, I -- 
ELENA 	f	Oh you know, for a minute I thought it was -- 
BEN	m	Paul? Yeah. You think -- 
WENDY 	f	He's probably been waiting all night at the station. 
BEN 	m	C'mon. 
BEN 	m	There's something -- your mother and I -- have to tell you two -- 
ELENA	f	(softly) Ben. 
ELENA 	f	(her hand still not yet  touching him) Ben. 

