Trevor things like this happen to people who experience temporary memory loss. Everybody does things they regret. You just couldn't remember doing these things and now you are so it's a shock to the system. I'm telling you. You will never get better if you keep blaming yourself for your wife's death. Just get better okay? No you don't understand. That's why I've been fighting to get you better. So you wouldn't be a patient anymore. If it makes you feel better that took every ounce of self control I had. Trevor, I never date patients. No. But at one point you did repeat something though. A phrase. You must have been having this recurring dream, you just kept saying this one thing over and over No. Trevor if someone is talking from a sleep state they are obviously dreaming. So practically everything say is going to sound strange. Sure plenty of times. Don't tell me. Kirsty used to smoke? Oh I knew about the chairs already. This is where the emphysema patients come to sneak cigarettes. You were unfaithful, it sounds like your confessing. I understand, I think. Other women? You just made that up. Eighty third most common. Second most common? Okay Mr. Statistics I've got one for you. What's the most common cause of death for adults over the age of eighteen? Okay so... what's the safest place? Bull... I'm stumped. All finished. I know, my bedside manner's horrendous. Of course, yes. You're one tough cookie, Trevor Gooding. You keep coming back to your corner for a quick fix up then go right back out into the ring for another round. I'm all over it. Well Trevor? What have you got to say for yourself? Que pasa? Shh. Don't blame yourself Trevor. Please. Well that's not necessarily a bad thing is it? You need to get better first Trevor. Way better. It's okay to miss somebody. It's okay to still love someone after they're gone. But you've got to quit blaming yourself okay...? Okay? Easy there Trevor. You need to relax. No wisdom, no insight, no plan. That `poor me' attitude doesn't suit you Trevor. Listen, I don't mean to sound like Pollyanna but things could be worse. There's one good thing about coming so near to the end of ones life. Everything is new and exciting, like your seeing it for the first time. You might see things a litlle differently from now on. Well? What do you say Trevor? Que pasa? You came in for your EEG. You fell asleep and well, I took the liberty of...I'm sorry. You looked like a wreck Trevor. Your wife...? It's the morphine Trevor. You're on so much of it, you could be asleep and dreaming even with your eyes wide open. Still hallucinating as well. Hmm...Our little toy. You usually have it up and running by now. Good boy. Where's is it? No, making another woman compete with someone who's been dead eight months. That's cold. Oh I see. That again. Trevor? I realize it must be hard. But Christ how long does it take someone to move on? YOU'RE giving ME a speeding ticket? Mr. Mario Andretti himself? And it shows. Least it did last night at the quarry. In a big way. What's wrong, Trev? How do you think you got this job, cock? Mmm. I'm still tingling all over from our little midnight swim. Get back here, junior bean counter. This is your supervisor speaking. Come on speak up, Gooding, I'm trying to run a business here. I can't have people flipping out in the break room when they should be slaving away at their desks.Trevor I've decided we have got to agree on a name before we reach my mother's. This poor kid's going to be starting preschool as student x if we don't make up our minds. So, I've been thinking, what about Daisy? Yes. Now go back to sleep. You're driving the rest of the way to gramma's remember? It's okay it was just a nightmare that's all. For me? Trevor! How romantic! Come here, you. I only married you for your body. And besides, I thought, to hell with it... it's okay if you only married me for my money. There is no wisdom, no insight, no plan Never to put you in my will. You know what the family lawyer told me one our wedding day? The best business decision if you ever made I'll bet. How does feel to be Mr. Kirsty Hughes for a whole year. OH MY GOD TREVOR! It hurts!! oh my God, Oh my God. Trevor, It's coming out. THE BABY IS COMING OUT! I CAN FEEL IT! SONOFABITCH IT HURTS!! AAAGGGGHHH!!! Oh my God. It's coming out. Roughly two thirds of married men who cheat start during the eighth month of their wives' first pregnancy. You've been cheating on me haven't you? I'm... I'm doing a very special thing here. And you can't even ... respond? If what I've heard is true this could be the last time for a long long time. Besides we've got a whole seven minutes before the next one. Clock's ticking. Tick-tock... You win! Okay pull over. Uh... eighty two? Shut up and play darling. Your turn.WHAT?! Hey you're the guy from down the hall. Whoa, I have serious space issues, dude. What do you want? Well now there's a compliment. It's getting hot in here. If you ever smelled this coming from our dorm room, you knew one of us was in there getting laid. For starters. It's also got fennel, asparagus, olives, some more of mother nature's aphrodisiacs... Back in college, me and my roommates used to call it hard- on stew. God. Sometimes you can be such an animal. Other times you are the ultimate tease... I'm kinda feeling nuts myself! Really? You okay? YOU! You. Hey. Can I borrow something? Hey even if it is more power to ya. Alrighty then. Have a good time. The car accident? Any of this ringing a bell? Whew. You bounce right back don't you? ... knock on my door, I'm a total insomniac.