RUN! I'm sorry, John, but you have to run again. She's not alive, but she didn't die. She grew up. The drowning woman. Anne... But it was too late. Her little girl was already gone. Can't you see? She just wanted her little girl back. I am going back. I see myself there. I always wondered what the world would be like. But now that I've seen it, I don't need to see any more. It's all right. Once I'm in the tank, I won't remember any of this. The other two will die without me. I have to go back. Where are we going? But you still have a choice. The others never had a chance to see their future. You did. Please, I want to go back... Anderton -- What is it? Please -- Anderton, leave. Wait. He won't. No. Follow him. Do it. Right here. On the ground. Drop some money. Can you see the balloon man? Take it. They're inside. Is it now? Is it now? Can you see?The female. It's always in the more gifted of the three. Sometimes in order to see the light, you have to risk the dark. Actually, I think you'll have to run out, but yes, that's what you have to do. If... you have one. Inside the Precog who predicted it. All you have to do is download it. The safest place of all. I said the record is destroyed. The original report exists for all time. I designed the system so that whenever a report occurred, it would be stored in a safe place -- but not declared. You shouldn't. You shouldn't trust anyone... certainly not the Attorney General who wants it all for himself. Not the young federal agent who wants your job. Not even the old man who just wants to hang onto what he's created. Don't trust anyone. Just find the Minority Report. Hold that thought. But you will bring it down if you kill Leo Crow. Why, that will be the most spectacular public display of how Precrime... didn't work. Do you? Really? The system would collapse. Yes, of course, he knew, but at the time, he felt -- we both felt their existence was... an insignificant variable. I used to joke with Lamar that we were the mother and father of Precrime. Well, in my experience, parents often see their children as they want them to be, not as they are. I'm saying that every so often those accused of a precrime might, just might, have an alternate future. Obviously, for Precrime to function, there can't be any suggestion of fallibility. After all, what good is a Justice system that instills doubt? It may be reasonable, but it's still doubt. Because these Minority Reports are destroyed the instant they occur. Most of the time, all three Precognitives will see an event in the same way. But once in a while, one of them will see things differently than the other two. I can't help you. No one can. The Precogs are never wrong. How can you avoid a man you've never met? And, yet, a chain of events has started. A chain that will lead inexorably to his death. So many of them... despite what we did for them. Or maybe because of what we did to them. It doesn't matter. It's a perfect system now, isn't it? Back then, he was still a DA, and quite a few parents of my patients had passed through his courtroom. You have to understand, these people were the dregs of society. But once they saw their children... he decided he would do whatever he could for them. He's that way, you know, paternal about certain things. Precrime. The precogs. You. It began as play. A guessing game like you play with any toddler, except these children always guessed right. And then the nightmares started. They were all different, but all the same. They were all about murder. And the murders were all happening. You think the three in the tank come from a test tube? They're merely the ones who survived. The innocents we now use to stop the guilty. I'm not. I was trying to heal them, not turn them into... something else. If the unintended consequences of a series of genetic mistakes and science gone haywire can be called invention, then yes, I invented precrime. And how would I know that? Just what is it you think I can do for you? You have three minutes to tell me what you're doing here before I feed you to a few of my more predacious plants. The vine -- the Baneberry that scratched you during your illegal climb over my wall... Yes, I'm afraid that would be from the Doll's Eye. Something wrong?John? What is it? I know... I do, too... About who? Think, John. Why would they set you up? Found? Where? Then who was he? Then how did he -- Oh, God, what did you do? John? Anne Lively... But I never said she drowned. Lamar -- No. I don't think you do. The other day, when he came to the cottage, he talked about a lot of things, but Danny Witwer, the man he was supposed to have just killed? He didn't mention him. He didn't say his name even once. No. That's what everyone thinks. John shot a man dead in Baltimore six months before. Lamar, do you know the reason why John came here to work with you? He also said Crow was a fake. John said something about him being set up because he "found out about her." Anne Lively. John was talking about her right before they took him. I thought you were retiring? You look great. No, it isn't, Lamar. There was nothing anyone could do. I haven't seen him in two years. To what? Trap him? I left him because every time I looked at him, I saw my son. Every time I got close to him, I smelled my little boy. That's why I left him. And now you can leave. He shot a hole in the damn ceiling. So what? You lose your son, let's see how well you handle it. The FBI found something that belonged to my son. A sandal... Anyway, John was upset. He... he... It wasn't a suicide attempt. I regret ever saying that. Yes. It was nobody's fault. Since right after we lost our son. That was our apartment. No, but then I don't talk to John that much anymore. No. I don't have any sugar either. We used to, every summer. I don't have any cream. Sorry. Thanks. You take anything in your coffee? Yes. I know who you are.Howard -- Raincheck? I'd love to, but I've got an open house today at the Ressler place. What about your meeting? How can you even tell? You know how blind you are without your glasses. Who?You have an emergency call on your private line. I padded your expense account for the last six months. Congratulations, sir. Sir, the press conference is starting. He just wanted a few minutes before -- The guy from USA Today is here.