This is a bunch of bullshit. Well....what do you want, then? Are you serious with this? What is this, man?-- what are you talking about, come on -- Tell me why. What? Tell me why you wanna know -- No she didn't; that's a lie. Oh My God, yeah, I know exactly where she is, why? You're so scared. What about her? You didn't ask her out, you're such a pussy -- Hey. What are you doing? Call me later. Why's it here? What's all this pudding? OH MY GOD. Look at that. You're being weird again, see. Come on. Please don't be weird. Did you ask Walter to get you a shrink? Barry, did you ask Walter to get you a shrink? What's wrong with you? Are you ok? I'll leave then, I'll go to get something from my car, go away so you don't feel pressure. Can I ask you a serious question: I'm not gonna rag you. Why would I do this just to rag you? You don't do anything, why are you being scared? Are you gonna do it? -- do you think you'll ask her out? It's not cool? Hey, hey, you should ask her out -- what do you think, she's cute, right? Seriously, though: We're going to eat, I said. Why? This is Lena, she's a good friend of mine from work. We were in the neighborhood and she had to pick up her car and we're getting breakfast before we go in, so did you want to go? We're gonna go and eat, let's go. Hey, what are you doing? Why are you wearing a suit again? You look nervous. She couldn't come I said. Are you nervous? You're lucky. She couldn't come anyway -- You just said very food. Hey....I was just telling everyone about how I was gonna bring this girl for you but you wouldn't let me do it. -- but since you're not going I guess none of this matters and I'll bring her anyway. I'm trying to get you a girlfriend. I'm trying to be your friend. ....wait a minute: why is this about you now? Why is it always about you? She's really cute and she's really nice. So it's ok if I bring her. That's your fault not mine. It's a free country, we can look at you if we want to. I'm not really asking you, I'm telling you. She's my friend and you should meet her. You'd like her. Why? There's this girl, this friend of mine from work that I think is really cute and really cool and I want you to meet her so I was thinking about bringing her to the party tonight. So you're coming tonight, right? I'm just stopping by to say hello. Hey, how are you? BARRY I'm fine, hi, how are you? I'll just see you when you get back here. I think he's weird, but that's me. Well...he's not that strange, don't say that. You wouldn't want to go out with him anyway, honestly, he's such a freak sometimes. I have no idea what he's doing then. I'm sorry that didn't work out. So...did my brother call you? Just tell him to call me. They need to see the new 484's to make sure it works with their OC.... So I'll meet you at the restaraunt? Will you call me later to talk about asking Walter for the shrink? And we can talk about - he said you have this crying problem or something? Are you coming to eat with us? I can't find that thing in my car, I can't find it so I'll just get it and give it to you later. So? Yeah, no, I have to get something from my car, I said. Sorry. -- he's so strange I don't know if you really even would want to go out with him, someone like him, I said I'd try, but it's just -- He's being weird, I'm sorry. I have no idea why he's being weird and dressed in a suit -- Are you sure? Are you learning how to play the piano? What is that? He's wearing a suit again, I don't know why he's wearing a suit, he doesn't usually dress like that --Well it's just not true. We wouldn't be looking at you -- why are you wearing this suit? Did you say hello to your brother in law's? Did you think that we'd all be looking at you? Fine. You get back to chatting with your precious customers. You just fucking said "chat," that is so -- what are you now? "chat." I'm just calling to make sure you show up at this party tonight. "chat?" Did you just say "chat?" So you can't talk to me? Yeah but what are you doing? Hey it's me, what are you doing?Yes you do. We were calling you Gay Boy and you got so mad.... Don't puss out. I'll see you there. Yeah but I'm serious. You can't just stay in your house. Seriously. You can't just not show up like you do, you have to go. You can't be late though. Seriously. I'm serious. You can't be late. What time are you gonna be there? Right now, you're doing nothing? What are you doing? Are you going to the party tonight? What are you doing?Ok. You're connected. Ok, sir....I'm gonna put you through to my supervisor. Can you hang on a second? ...no....I don't....I don't remember you. Who's this? This is Janice the operator, who's this? No, no. This is bad, something might have happened, we should just -- Nothing. Hey, it's me. This guy from L.A., Barry Egan is calling on the other line and saying all this stuff, he wants to talk to a supervisor or whatever -- You don't need to talk all macho, "shake him out, little bad boy." Whatever -- you're not an action hero, tough guy, you're not a gangster -- Uch. Shut up, Dean. So they'll go.So here we go. You can't do that. You left me at the hospital. What is this? I'm fine are you ok? It's ok to ask that. Can I come home with you when we get there? Yeah. I think maybe over a hundred. For work..... Where do you have to go? Yeah. I know. I know. I know. I just wanna chew your face and scoop out your beautiful, beautiful eyes with an ice cream scooper and eat 'em and chew 'em and suck on 'em. Fuck. ...what...? I just...your face is so adorable and your cheek and your skin, I wanna bite it....I wanna bite your cheek and chew on it....god damn cute....fuck.... Oh my god, you are so adorable. I just....god dammit. Yeah. It's so nice. You got me out of my hotel room. You came and got me out of my room. Do you want to meet me and talk about this stuff? yeah. When was the last time you had a girlfriend? About six months ago. Why? No. What do you mean? BARRY I just wanted to know. When was the last time you had a boyfriend? Well let's do something do you want to do something, can you meet me? OH WOW. YEAH. THAT'S GREAT. YOU CAME, YOU CAME. What are you doing? HI. WHERE ARE YOU? ARE YOU HERE? Yeah? Hello? Thank you. Ok. ...I don't know what you mean.... What do you mean? Ok. Yeah. Yeah. I just wanted you to know, wherever you're going or whatever you're doing right now I want you to know that I wanted to kiss you just then. This is Lena. Ok. Well call me when you get back, I mean, I'll call you when I get back. I'll be back for three weeks and then I go away for a month after that. So maybe in that time.... You don't think you'll go -- If you come to Hawaii -- I'll be around and back in town in a few days -- ...yeah... So you must travel a lot with all that pudding you bought? Oh that's great. Are you learning how to play it? Did you take it from the street in front of your work? Did you pick it up from the street? Your portable reed organ....the piano. Did something happen; are you alright? Ok. What did he want? What happened? Is everything ok? Your sister was telling me a pretty funny story about you, when you guys were kids and you were building a ramp for your dog and you threw a hammer through a window? Is that right? You threw a hammer through a sliding glass door? I thought you said you bought all that pudding -- I'm sorry. I thought you said -- So that was your pudding? That's insane. That is really, really crazy. That's just crazy if you spend three thousand dollars on pudding. Yeah, no, I see -- Yeah. Yeah. You were talking about the promotion -- Yeah? Yeah. No, no. I did. Yeah. Yeah we get along well. You didn't get along with her very well? About six months. Yeah. ...I thought I should tell you. I didn't want to get too far along on going out and be hiding something -- Who is it? ....Hi..... Ok. Yeah. Can I write down my address and phone number for you? Do you want to pick me up? I'm going to go and eat tomorrow night do you want to go with me? It was great to meet you again. To see you again, thanks for helping me yesterday -- -- oh that's too bad, it's so great over there and if you were there we could say hello to each other or something -- -- well, if you're gonna go -- Really? Six months, maybe five, five or six months...do you wanna check that? Oh My God. What do you do with all this pudding? It's terrible, no. No. I'm the exact opposite -- I saw a picture of you. Business is good, you're busy? It must be weird for you to have so many sisters? I'm sorry I couldn't come to your sister's birthday party last night, Elizabeth had invited me and I couldn't make it -- Do you remember me, I left my car, yesterday. Hi. Maybe I'll see you later, when I pick up my car? Ok. Maybe I'll see you later. Thank you for your help. There's a piano in the street. You think it's ok where I left it, right there? Can I ask you, can I trust to leave my keys with you and give them to you so that when they get here you could give them to them? BARRY Ok. Do you know them. I thought they opened at seven. If I left my car would it be ok? Is it ok if I leave my car you think? They're not open yet? Hi. Do you work at the mechanic? Ok. Should I call you later? I'm sorry. You're right. He did seem a little strange. It's fine. No. Ok. Ok. What should I do about Eric? Ok. Bye, Barry. Are you ready? You ready? We should be going -- It's ok, it's alright. I'll come right back, I'll just go pay for my car. It's not bad, it's ok. Yeah. I'll go pay for my car. It's ok. That's alright. It's fine.It's a call back service -- a girl will call you back. That's fine. Can I have a telephone number, area code first on where we can call you back? You want her to call you Jack? No one will know your name. It's ok, take your time. Of course, it's just for us to verify your credit card information. It's completely confidential and it appears on your credit card billing statement as D&D Mattress Man. It's just for verification through the credit card company. And your Social Security number. And your name? And your billing address and the name as it appears on the card? Of course. Would you like to talk to a girl? I can connect you with a beautiful girl if I can just get your credit card number followed by the expiration date? What do you mean? -- it's $2.99 per minute for the first half hour and $1.99 per minute after that. Can I have your credit card number, followed by the expiration date? Hi, is this your first time calling? Hi, this is Janice The Operator, who's this?You've just made a war that you cannot afford. ...MOTHERFUCKER, NO.... ....this is your mistake.... Are you telling me no? It was cool last night. Come on, I thought we had fun, rich boy -- No you won't. Why did you tell me you did, then? You lied to me? -- you said you did. Should I just ask your girlfriend? Maybe I should call back and talk to your girlfriend? I need help. See the thing is I could make it really easy on you -- I already have your credit card number, your information, address and stuff. This is so awkward asking like this, I'm sorry -- We got disconnected before.... I was wondering if it's better to ask your girlfriend for the money? It could be really easy. I mean, I have all your information, credit card information and billing stuff -- Should I call back and talk to your girlfriend? So you think you can? I thought you had your own business. You said you were gonna diversify and all that stuff.... Yeah. It's so hard these days and I really need it. Really? Please? Like seven-fifty. Seven hundred fifty? You don't even know how much it is. Yeah. This is really weird and really embarrassing for me but....uh.... I was wondering if you could help me out with a little bit of money. Remember last night I was talking to you and I was telling you about my apartment, my rent -- ? Do you remember? Can I ask you a question? You're going to work now? Uhhh...I am sooo tired...I stayed up too late last night, what about you, when did you go to sleep? I just wanted to call and talk to you, thank you for last night, try and get you before you went to work and say, "hey." It's ok that I'm calling, right, I mean? It's ok. Georgia. Hey. What are you doing? How are you? Well why don't you take your pants off and stroke it for me? So.....are you stroking it, yet, honey? Yeah....do you do well, do you make alotta money? Thank you. What do you do, Barry? ...yeah....well you have me now. Does Jack like to Jack Off? I'm horny, Jack, what about you? Where is she? You have a girlfriend? Yeah....you're married aren't you, Jack? What do you mean, "really?" Yeah. Really. What about you? I don't lie, Jack. I'm about 5'8, blonde 34,28,34. Pretty thin, I work out. My pussy's shaved. My friends say I'm pretty cute, so.... What do you mean it doesn't matter? Yeah. And looking at myself in the mirror. Do you wanna know what I look like? I'm wearing a t-shirt and panties. Are your pants off? Yeah? So what are you doing, then? Yeah....? So...Jack...are you stroking that big fat fucking cock of yours? Do you like porno movies? Are you watching a porno movie? I'm in my bedroom. I'm just laying on my bed. Nothing, huh, do you know what I'm doing? So what are you doing tonight, Jack? This is Georgia. Hi, is this Jack?