CordE... No!... No!... No!... I should not have come back. The Republic needs more security now! Before it comes to war. My noble colleagues, I concur with the Supreme Chancellor. At all costs, we do not want war! Less than an hour ago, an assassination attempt was made against my life. One of my bodyguards and six  others were ruthlessly and senselessly murdered. I was the target but, more importantly, I believe this security measure before you, was the target. I have led the opposition to build an army... but there is someone in this body who will stop at nothing to assure it's passage...  (continuing) I warn you, if you vote to create this army, war will follow. I have experienced the misery of war  first-hand; I do not wish to do it again. Wake up, Senators... you must wake up! If you offer the separatists violence, they can only show us violence in return! Many will lose their lives. All will lose their freedom. This decision could very well destroy the very foundation of our great Republic. I pray you do not let fear push you into a disastrous decision. Vote down this security measure, which is nothing less than a declaration of war! Does anyone here want that? I cannot believe they do. My motion to defer the vote must be dealt with first. That is the rule of law. Thank you, Master Yoda. Do you have any idea who was behind the attack? I don't wish to disagree but I think that Count Dooku was behind it. I don't know, but everything in my being tells me he was behind it... Chancellor, if I may comment, I do not believe the... Chancellor, please! I don't want any more guards! This is not necessary, Chancellor. It has been far too long Master Kenobi. I'm so glad our paths have crossed again... but I must warn you that I think your presence here is unnecessary. Annie?? (stares) My goodness you've grown. Oh Annie, you'll always be that little boy I knew on Tatooine. I don't need more security, I need answers. I want to know who is trying to kill me. Perhaps with merely your presence, the mysteries surrounding this threat will be revealed.  Now if you will excuse me I will retire. Representative Binks. I know I can count on you. What?! You're a good friend, Jar Jar. I don't wish to hold you up. I'm sure you have a great deal to do. I do not like this idea of hiding. (frustrated) I haven't worked for a year to defeat the "Military Creation Act" not to be here when its fate is decided. Pride?!? Annie, you're young, and you don't have a very firm grip on politics. I suggest you reserve your opinions for some other time. Annie! No! What? I've always called you that... it is your name, isn't it? I'm sorry, Anakin. It's impossible to deny you've... (looks him over) ...that you've grown up. Mentors have a way of seeing more of our faults than we would like. It's the only way we grow. That must be frustrating. I'm sorry... You sounded exactly like that little boy I once knew, when he didn't get his way. I didn't say it to hurt you. Anakin... (continuing) Don't try to grow up too fast. Please don't look at me like that. Because I can see what you're thinking. It makes me feel uncomfortable. Thank you, Captain. Take good care of Dorme... the threat's on you two now. You'll be fine. (looks to Anakin) Then my Jedi protector will have to prove how grown up he is. I will be most grateful for your speed, Master Jedi. I know. Suddenly, I'm afraid... There's nothing to worry about... we have Artoo with us. You seemed to be having a nightmare. (continuing) Are you hungry? We went into lightspeed a while ago. You were just a little boy then. It may not be as you remember it; time changes your perception. It must be difficult having sworn your life to the Jedi... not being able to visit the places you like... or do the things you like... Are you allowed to love? I thought that was forbidden for a Jedi. You have changed so much It hasn't... (changing the subject) Were you dreaming about you mother earlier, weren't you? Can I help ya? Waddya want him for? Someone to see ya, honey (lowering her voice) A Jedi, by the looks of him. You want a cup of ardees? (laughing) I doubt that. ...and the soft sound of the distant waterfalls. The first time I saw the Capital, I was very young... I'd never seen a waterfall before. I though they were so beautiful... I never dreamed one day I'd live in the palace. (laughing) No! That was the last thing I thought of. My dream was to help in the "Refugee Relief Movement." I never thought of running for elected office. But the more history I studied, the more I realised how much good politicians could do. So when I was eight, I joined the "Apprentice Legislators", then later on became a Senatorial advisor, with such a passion that, before I knew it, I was elected Queen. Partly because I scored so high on my education certificate, but for the most part it was my conviction that reform was possible. I wasn't the youngest Queen ever elected, but now that I think back on it, I'm not sure I was old enough. I'm not sure I was ready. Popular rule is not democracy, Annie. It gives the people what they want, not what they need. And, truthfully, I was relieved when my two terms were up. So were my parents. They worried About me during the blockade and couldn't wait for it all to be over. Actually, I was hoping to have a family by now... My sisters have the most amazing, wonderful kids... but when the Queen asked me to serve as Senator, I couldn't refuse her. I think so too. We've been worried about you. (takes her hand) I'm so glad you're safe, PadmE. Thank you, Your Highness. I only Wish I could have served you better by staying on Coruscant for the vote. How many systems have joined Count Dooku and the separatists? About two hundred. And more are leaving the Republic every day. If the Senate votes to create an army, I'm sure it's going to push us into a civil war. Do you see any way, through negotiations, to bring the separatists back into the Republic? Not if they feel threatened. The separatists don't have an army, but if they are provoked, they will move to defend themselves. I'm sure of that. And with no time or money to build an army, my guess is they will turn to the Commerce Guilds or the Trade Federation for help. The armies of commerce! Why has Nothing been done in the Senate to restrain them? I'm afraid that, despite the Chancellor's best efforts, there are still many bureaucrats, judges, and even Senators on the payrolls of the Guilds. Remember, Counsellor, the courts were able to reduce the Federation's armies. That's a move in the right direction. There are rumours, Your Highness, that the Federation Army was not reduced as they were ordered. We must keep our faith in the Republic. The day we stop believing democracy can work is the day we lose it. Let's pray that day never comes. In the meantime, we must consider your own safety. Anakin's not a Jedi yet, Counsellor. He's still a Padawan learner. I was thinking... Excuse me! I was thinking I would stay in the Lake Country. There are some places up there that are very isolated. Annie, my life is at risk, and this is my home. I know it very well... that is why we're here. I think it would be wise for you to take advantage of my knowledge in this instance. Perfect. It's settled then. (continued) PadmE, I had an audience with your father yesterday. I told him what was happening. He hopes you will visit your mother before you leave... your family's very worried about you. Did you call for assistance? He has a powerful face, doesn't he? He was one of the most brilliant Jedi I have had the privilege of knowing. (sighs) The Lost Twenty... and Count Dooku was the most recent and the most painful. No one likes to talk about it. His leaving was a great loss to the Order. Well, one might say, he was always a bit out of step with the decisions of the Council... much like your old Master, Qui-Gon Jinn. Oh, yes. They were alike in many ways. Very individual thinkers... idealists... (continuing He was always striving to become a more powerful Jedi. He wanted to be the best. With a lightsaber, in the old style of fencing, he had no match. His knowledge of the Force was... unique. In the end, I think he left because he lost faith in the Republic. He believed that politics were corrupt, and he felt the Jedi betrayed themselves by serving the politicians. He always had very high expectations of government. He disappeared for nine or ten years, then he just showed up recently as the head of the separatist movement. Well, I'm sure you didn't call me over here for a history lesson. Are you having a problem, Master Kenobi? Kamino? It's not a system I'M familiar with... Let me see... (continuing) Are you sure you have the right co-ordinates? No co-ordinates? It sounds like the kind of directions you'd get from a street tout... some old miner or Furbog trader. Are you sure it exists? Let me do a gravitational scan. There are some inconsistencies here. Maybe the planet you're looking for was destroyed. It ought to be. Unless it was very recent. (shakes her head) I hate to say it, but it looks like the system you're searching for doesn't exist. The archives are comprehensive and totally secure, my young Jedi. One thing you may be absolutely sure of - if an item does not appear in our records, it does not exist! There's my house! (continuing) What? Don't say you're shy! Ryoo!! Pooja!! (continuing) I'm so happy to see you! This is Anakin. Anakin, this is Ryoo, and this is Pooja. Anakin, this is my sister, Sola. He's being polite, Mom. We're starving. (rolls her eyes) Sola!! He isn't my boyfriend! He's a Jedi assigned by the Senate to protect me. It's not, Mom, I promise. (glances at Jobal) Anyway, Anakin's a friend. I've known him for years. Remember that little boy who was with the Jedi during the blockade crisis? (continuing) He grew up. Mom, I'm not in any danger. (quickly) But not much. What's there to talk about?  He's just a boy. Sola - stop it! I'm not your baby sister, Sola. Anakin and I are friends... our relationship is strictly professional. (to Jobal) Mom, would you tell her to stop it? Cut it out. Oh, Mom, you're impossible. What I'm doing is important. Don't worry, this won't take long. I move around so much, I've never had a place of my own. Official residences have no warmth. I feel good here. I feel at home. That was when I went with the Relief Group to Shadda-Bi-Boran. Their sun was imploding, and the planet was dying. I was helping to relocate the children. See that little one I'm holding? His name was N'a-kee-tula, which means sweethear. He was so full of  life,. All those kids were. I did everything I could to save him, but he died... they all did. They were never able to adapt... to live off their native planet. (continuing) My first day as an Apprentice Legislator. Notice the difference? When I was in Level Three, we used to come here for school retreat. See that island? We used to swim there every day. I love the water. ...We used to lie on the sand and let the sun dry us... and try to guess the names of the birds singing. There was a very old man who lived on the island. He used to make glass out of sand - and vases and necklaces out of the glass. They were magical. You could look into the glass and see the water. The way it ripples and moves. It looked so real... but it wasnEt. I used to think if you looked too deeply into glass, you would lose yourself. I shouldn't have done that. It's the situation... the stress... You did that? That! Now stop it! (continuing) Anakin!! I don't know. Maybe you should use your Jedi intuition. Anakin, don't... ...I can't. We can't. It's just not possible. You listen. We live in a real world. Come back to it. You're studying to become a Jedi Knight. I'm a Senator. If you follow your thoughts through to conclusion, they will take us to a place we cannot go... regardless of the way we feel about each other. Annie, it doesn't make any difference. Jedi aren't allowed to marry. You swore an oath, remember? You'd be expelled from the Order. I will not let you give up your responsibilities... your future, for me. I am not going to give into this. I'm not going to throw my life away. I have more important things to do than fall in love. Then we'd be living a lie - one we couldn't keep even if we wanted to. Mt sister saw it. So did my mother. I couldn't do that. Could you, Anakin? Could you live like that? Please... I trust you are going to enjoy your stay. We are most happy you have arrived at the best part of the season. And now to business. You will be delighted to hear we are on schedule. Two hundred thousand units are ready, with another million well on the way. Please tell your Master Sido-Dyas that we have every confidence his order will be met on time and in full. He is well, I hope? Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas. He's still a leading member of the Jedi Council, is he not? (rising) You must be anxious to inspect the units for yourself. I don't know... Are you going to use one of your Jedi mind tricks on me? All right... his name was Palo. I was twelve. We were both in the Legislative Youth Program. He was a few years older then I... very cute... dark curly hair... dreamy eyes. I went on to become a Queen. He went on to become an artist. You really don't like politicians, do you? How would you have it work? That is exactly what we do. The trouble is that people don't wlways agree. In fact, they hardly ever do. By whom? Who's going to make them? You? But someone. That sounds an awful lot like a dictatorship to me. You're making fun of me. You're so bad! (beaming) Magnificent, aren't they? We modified their genetic structure to make them less independent than the original host. As a result they are totally obedient, taking any order without question. A bounty hunter called Jango Fett. We felt a Jedi would be the perfect choice, but Sido-Dyas hand- picked Jango Fett himself. Oh, we keep him here. After a few hundred thousand clones, the genetic pattern starts to fade, so we take a fresh supply. He lives here, but he's free to come and go as he pleases. Apart from his pay, which is considerable, Fett demanded only one thing - an unaltered clone for himself. Curious isn't it? Pure genetic replication. No tampering with the structure to make it more docile... and no growth acceleration... Oh yes, it's essential. Otherwise, a mature clone would take a lifetime to grow. Now, we can do it in half the time. Those items you saw on the parade ground were started ten years ago, when Sido-dyas first placed the order, and they're already mature... About five years ago. They're immensely superior to droids, capable of independent thought and action. I'd hoped you would be pleased. Himself? Of course not. This army is for the Republic? We are also very much agasint this Count Dooku and his seccessionist movement. We are proud to be of help to the Republic. You had a nightmare again last night. I heard you. Annie, I told you I wouldn't let you give up your future for me. I'll go with you. That way you can continue to protect me, and you won't be disobeying your mandate. I guess we won't tell him, will we? Tell your Council the first battalions are ready. And remind them that if they need more troops, we will need time to grow them. Stay with the ship, Artoo. Hello, Threepio. Threepio, what's happened? I'm Padme. No, Annie! Anakin... I'm not leaving, Threepio. I just can't sleep. I guess you're lucky. You're not happy here? Being like what? I guess I wouldn't like it at all. Maybe we can do something about it. Why not? They seem to have a box of old coverings here. Let's see, if we put this... here... You'll have to be quiet, Threepio. Hold still, please. Annie...? Is it you? IEm so glad... to see you, Annie... Now... I am complete... You look so handsome. My son... my grown-up son. IEm so proud of you, Annie... so proud... I missed you so much... I love... There! I thought the first thing he said was to retransmit his message to Coruscant. They'll never get there in time to save him. They have to come half way across the galaxy. Look, Geonosis is less than a parsec away. Annie, are you just going to sit here and let him die?? He's your friend... your mentor... He gave you strict orders to protect me... (continuing) ...and I'm going to save Obi-Wan. So if you plan to protect me, you will have to come along. We won't support a dictator. To find Obi-Wan. Let go of me! What?!? Don't you give me orders, Annie! I'm a Senator of the Galactic Republic. You have no authority to contain me, restrain me, or direct me! You remember your place, young man. (standing up) Now you can come along and protect me or stay here. It's up to you. (in a low voice) It's empty! Wait! Count Dooku, I assume. Don't worry he's housebroken. You are holding a Jedi Knight, Obi- Wan Kenobi. I am formally requesting you turn him over to me, now. He is an officer of the Republic. You can't do that. And if I don't join your rebellion, I assume this Jedi with me will also die? The ideals are still alive, Count, even if the institution is failing. If what you say is true, you should stay in the Republic and help Chancellor Palpatine put things right. I cannot believe that. I will not forsake all I have honoured and worked for and betray the Republic. I know of your treaties with the Trade Federation, the Commerce Guilds, and the others, Count. What is happening here is not government that has been bought out by business... it's business becoming government! What is to happen to me? Am I to be executed also? Anakin... You are committing an act of war, Archduke. I hope you are prepared for the consequences. Get on with it. Carry out the sentence. I want to see her suffer. I'm not afraid to die. I've been dying a little bit each day since you came back into my life. I love you. I think our lives are about to be destroyed anyway. My love for you is a puzzle, Annie, for which I have no answers. I can't control it... and now I don't care. I truly, deeply love you, and before we die I want you to know. Foul!! She can't do that... shoot her or something! (nods, gasping) Sure! Well, sort of. This isn't how it's supposed to be! Jango, finish her off. Look! Anakin! 