I'm part of the act, you fool! Who was that? Because of course, you're not really looking... And did Robert Angier, the Great Danton, your employer, get to that final part of his trick that night? No, sir. Something went wrong. What went wrong? I saw a someone head below the stage... I followed... and I found -watching Mr. Angier drown in a tank. Would you describe your occupation to the jury please, Mr.Cutter? I'm an ingeneur. I design illusions and construct the apparatus necessary for perfoming them. And for how long had you been Mr.Angier's "ingeneur"? Eight years. I was privvy to the secrets of his entire act. So, Mr.Cutter, was this water-filled tank beneath the stage part of Mr.Angier's illusion- the illusion billed as "THE REAL TRANSPORTED MAN"? No, sir. The tank had been used for the first trick, then taken offstage. Borden must have put it under the trap door after the interval. How large was this tank? The sort of tank used for underwater escapes- four or five hundred gallons. How do you think Mr.Borden was able to move the tank under the trap door without anyone noticing? Ask him- he's the magician. I ask again that this man explain the mechanics of Mr.Angier's illusion. If I reveal my magician's secrets here in open court, I'll be unemployable and the secrets will be worthless. The Real Transported Man is the most sought-after illusion in the business and I have te right to sell it on. Mr.Cutter, I see your predicament but we are talking about a capital offence- Alfred Borden's life hangs in the balance. If you were prepared to disclose the details to me in private, I might be able to judge their relevance to the case. Might this be an acceptable compromisse? I'm going to have to ask you to turn out your pockets. Not my idea, sir. The Warden saw his show in Manchester last year where he vanished into thin air- he's convinced he'll try an escape. I told him the only way Borden's going to disappear is if I leave him out with the others immates. Check the locks. Twice. My name is Owens- I'm a solicitor. I represent Lord Caldlow, and accomplished amateur magician and historian of magic- How much? Lord Caldlow is interested in- How much for my tricks? Five thousand pounds. Talk to Fallon, my ingenuer- the money's for him. I did. He offered to sell all of your tricks... except the most valuable one - The Transported Man. I'd never forgive myself for selling my greatest trick. Even for your daughter? If the newspapers are right, and you're for the drop, your daughter's going to need looking after Fallon can take care of- Bernard Fallon? A man with a past even more obscure than your own? The court have already motioned to have the girl removed from his "care". No, the girl is to be an orphan. I've been to the work house... It's better than this. I'm offering you a way to warp up your affairs with dignity, and I'm offering your daughter a future. As Lord Caldlow's ward she will want for nothing. Ever. (hands him a card) Think it over. Lord Caldlow wanted you to have this- (produces a leather As a show of good faith. He thought it might be of interest. Robert Angier's diary... It includes the time he spent in Colorado learning your trick... Angier never learned my trick. Really? When he returned from Colorado he mounted a version of the Transported Man that the papers said was better, even... Than your original. If you want Angier's secret you can dig him up and ask him for yourself. I want your secret, Mr.Borden... Consider your daughter! You're our first guest of the season, Mr.Angier. (opens guest book) Your telegram didn't indicate how long you would be staying with us. The peak is closed, sit. For scientific experimentation. You have to walk the reat, I'm afraid, sir. I'm amazed at how many of you newspaper writers can't read mu sign. I know you. You're that magician-the Great Danton. (helps Angier up) I'm Alley. I saw your show. IN London. Seven times- you guessed every object the audience had in their pockets. Which of you brave souls is willing to bind this lovely young woman... Are either of you two gentlemen gailors? Well, I'm sure you can both tie a strong knot... Milton's squadering their goodwill or a bunch of tired second-hand tricks- What about something fresh? He won't even try a bullet catch- Fine- no bullet catch. But a real magician tries to invent something new, something other magicians scratch their heads over- They sells it to them for a small fortune. I suposse you have such a trick, Mr.Borden? Care to sell it? No one else could do my trick. You don't even know what it is. I admire your spirit, Mr.Angier. But if Borden here really has invented his masterpiece it might well be something only he can do. It might be something only he is prepared to do. (gestures to the props) my illusions employer, Mr.Milton, is a skilled showman. But Borden's right- he won't get his hands dirty. You want to see what it takes to make real magic- go to the Tenley. There's a Chinaman there who's got what it takes. Tickets are pricey. I know a lad on the door. You two watch his show- whoever tells me how he does his goldfish bowl trick gets the prize. Ten minutes onstage in front of my old friend, Mr.Ackerman. The most powerful theatrical agent in London. I saw you drop the knot again, Borden. Some nights you just can't get it, can you? If that knot slips when Julia's on the hoist she'll break a leg. It's the wrong knot. A Langford double would hold tighter. The Langford double's not a wet knot it's too dangerous. The ropes could swell and she'd never slip it- We've been practiced it- No more mistakes. Where are you from? He shuffles props for Virgil at the Hall. He doesn't deal in methods. Because I hired him to try and find out Virgil's orange trick. He's a natural magician. Of course you can't trust him. And Mr.Angier...? (Angier looks up) Learn your aight lines- if I can see you sneaking a peck on your wife's ankle from the wings, the blokes on each end of rows 3 and 4 can, too. Look- he's all right. He's fine. But where's his brother? Sharp lad, your son. You're the lucky one tonight. (to the brother) Are you watching closely? Look closer. It's got two heads. Never. Show. Anyone. They'll beg you and flatter you for the secret- but as soon as you give it up you'll be nothing to them. Understand? Nothing. The secret impresses no one- the trick you use it for is everything. Where do you two live? And you? Enough to keep me out? It is. He carries the bowl between his knees for the entire performance. This is the trick. This is why no one detectes his method. Total devotion to his art... (looks at Angier) Utter self-sacrifice. It's the only way to escape this. We have our routine for Ackerman! Mr.Fallon is my ingeneur- Begged, borrowed and don't ask. Mr.Fallon's an enterprising soul. We'll start making money once we have our audience- I'll give him half of my food. You're...? The trick to wake up Ackerman at the end of my audition. No. The world isn't ready for that one, yet. This is merely a run-of-the-mill daring and spectacular bullet catch- It's perfectly safe. Shoot me. The bullet goes in the gun. Then comes the ramrod. The buller's not even in the gun when the charge is fired. Yes, well, people still get killed perfoming it. Sme smart-arse drops something down the barrel. A penny, or a button. Or, of course, a bullet. (off worried look) But don't fret- I'm not letting anything happen- I love you too much. I love you. What? Bloody fool. It's all laid out down the end, you honour. What's in there? Angier's machine. You built this, Mr.Cutter? Oh no. This wasn't built by a magician... it was built by a wizard. A man who can actually do the things a magician pretends to... your honour, what will happen to these things when the trial is over? They've benn sold to a Lord Caldlo. An avid collector, apparently very interested in the case. Don't let him take this. Why ever not? It's dangerous. I'm sure beneath its bells and whistles it's get some simple and disappointing trick. The most disappointing of all- it has no trick. It's real. This is the tank Angier drowned in? This lets the performer's hands reach the trick padlock... -a small section POPS open. A standard magical apparatus for escapes? With one important difference... This isn't a trick lock... it's been switched out for a real one. What a way to kill someone. Why in God's name go to such lengths? These are magicians, you honour. Showmen. Men who live by dressing up plain and sometimes brutal truths to amaze. To shock. Even without and audience? There was and audience. (looks at Judge) See, the water tank had a particular signinficance for the two men... Which of you brave souls is willing bind this lovely young woman? "How can be not know?!" Because, Angier, life is complicated, people are complicated, knots are Alfred Borden, you have been found guilty of the murder of Robert Angier. You will, in one month's time, be hanged by the neck until dead. May the Lord have mercy on your soul. They took her away? To the workhouse? Tell him I've reconsidered. It's for the best. Get out your gun, Professor! A volunteer. Are you man enought, sir? Yes. I think not. Hasn't stopped you looking. I heard about a booking. Nice little theatre. Good up-and-coming magician. You. Because I want to keep working... (looks up at Angier) And who's going to hire the ingeneur who killed Julia McCullough in front of a sellout crowd at the Orpheum? Heard he had a spot of bad luck doing a bullet catch South of the river. I knew an old sailor. Told me about a time he got pulled over the side tangled in the sheets... they dragged him out, but it was five minutes before he coughed... He said it was like... going home. He wouldn't say. It was as if... as if he didn't know. We'll have to whitewash the windows to cofound the more curious members of your audience... But this should do. I've made arrangements. Have you settled on a name? Hmm. Bit old-fashioned? In here, Miss Wenscombe. No point meeting Mr.Angier unless you fit. Breathe as little as possible. Not much experience , but she knows the basics. She knows how to present herself and a pretty assistant's the most effective from of misdirection. I suppose I should let her out. We can' afford the doctor back! I'm sorry. I just need this to heal so I can het back to work. Some of the card pulls, prop tricks... (leans forward, excited) And the trick I've been telling you about. The trick they'll remember me for. Not like this, they don't. Then stay off the stage. (glares at Angier) You're a magician, not a wizard- you have to get your hands dirty to achieve the impossible. (holds up cage) Put your hands on the sides... Hang on, hang on... There we go. Now you tell the volunteer to put his hands here... And the best part... Someday, perhaps you will. I needed to know that you can. cheap thrills, Mr.Merrit. People hoping for an accident- and quite likely to see one, too. What would that do for your business? This isn't mine. This is a grand theatre with a sophisticated audience- They've seen most of these tricks before. But not this next one. You'll see. You! Piss off out it! I'll have the champagne ready. You had a lot of plates spinning. No. Mr.Merrit- There are plenty of good theatres... if we can come up with another trick and change the name of the act- Right. Well, the new trick will have to be irresistible, then. I've a couple of methods to try out, but we'll need a fresh angle on the presentation. If you need inspiration, there's a technical exposition at the Albert Hall this week. Scientists and engineers. That sort of thing captures the popular imagination. Would you like to know the future, sir? The man who kill change the world is speaking right now. Continents divided no more. Free, clean power. The mysteries of the world solved. With a system like this I could have the entire city electrified whitin two years. Mr. Edison's direct current system is flawed and dangerous. With my alternating current devices- Fraud. I love you. Guard! Guard!! What do want, Professor? Paper and pencil. Please. Only if I teach you how to read. Perhaps I'm just biding my time. Perhaps one day I'll just hold up my -get you attention. Then quietly "are you wacthing closely"... perhaps say a magic word or two... then I'll be gone. Magic. I need a volunteer. As you can see , it's just a rubber ball. But it's not normal at all. Thank you. You're not impressed? It's a magic ball. Not very enthusiastically. The trick is too good -- too simple- the audience harly knows what they've seen. He's a wonderfull magician- he's a dreadful showman. He doesn't know how to dress it up, how to sell the trick. He uses a double. You think that because you don't know the method. It's a double who comes out at the end. It's the only way. It would give us our climax. We'll have to find someone who can look like you on a stage. I don't know how Borden does it, Robert. So either you wait for Borden to retire and buy his secret, or you can listen to how I would do this trick. Ang the only way I know is to find you a bloody good double. So this is the Great Danton. Mr. Alley has effused about your act to me on any number of occasions. Something you did with pockets? Our bodies, Mr. Angier, are quite capable of conducting, and indeed, producing energy. Have you eaten, Mr. Angier? Alley has explained that you require a very interesting device. You're familiar with a phrase 'Man's reach exceeds his grasp'? (off his look) It's a lie. Man's grasp exceeds his nerve. The only limits on scientific progress are these imposed by society. The first time I changed the world I was hailed as a visionary. The second time I was asked politely to retire. The world only tolerates one change at a time. And so here I am. (gestures at laboratory) Enjoying "retirement". (looking at Angier) Nothing is impossible, Mr. Angier. What you want is simply expensive. Alley says you are a stage magician. If a built you this device, you would be presenting it only as an illusion? Mr.Angier, the cost of such a machine- Perhaps not. But have you considered the cost? I can make your machine, Mr. Angier. But I can also give you some advice... Go home. Forget this thing. I can recognize an obsession. As Mr. Alley could tell you, I myself an given to one now and then. It will not do you any good. At first. But I've followed them too long- I am their slave. Their whipping boy. And one day they may choose to destroy me. So be it. I have already begun to build it, Mr. Angier. I hope you enjoy the mountain air. This will take time. A pleasure to meet you fine gentlemen. Would you like for me to tell you a little joke? Are you laughing? He's perfect. A little work, mind you, but when I'm done with him he could be your brother. Would you like to see a magic trick? You caught me in the wrong mood. Sarah, I'm allowed to change my mind, aren't I? The act is taking off, maybe soon I'll get us into a bigger theatre. Things will work. A little faith, sir. Could you favor us with a perfomance. Mr. Root? You would drink, too, if you know the world half so well as I do. Did you think you were unique, Mr. Angier? I have been Cassar. I have been Faust. How difficult could it possibly be to play 'The Great Danton?' You can go back to being yourself. Root. For free.. I'd rather be him, for now. I find it amusing. Root has to keep a low profile-- anyone sees him the game's up. Have you thought about what we should call the trick? The manager said he's never seen a reaction like it. The antecipation of the trick is everything- it needs your showmanship to built suspense. If Root opens his mouth, it's all over- he can't introduce the trick. Root, you bloody fool, get that costume and makeup off right now, anyone could walk in here! Congratulation, all. You must be curious to see what so much money had bought you, Mr. Angier. Fitting that you should be here for the maiden voyage. Your hat. No, no. It will be fine. Mr. Alley, please proceed. We make do. I know who you are. Are you here to steal the rest of my show? And what might that be? Wasn't I just saying that, Bernard? A woman's touch. Why on earth shouldn't I trust you? The mistress of my enemy. Alfred. Ah. The truth. A slippery notion in our life of work, Miss Wenscombe. What does he need my secret for? His trick is top notch. The Great Danton vanishes and isntantly reappears on the other side of the stage -- mute, overweight, and, unless I'm mistaken, rather drunk. Tell me, Olivia. Does he like taking his bows under the stage? He has no secrets from me. And this is the truth? Best be getting changed for the martinee, sir. ROOT! You're late. And even more drunk than usual. Get yourself below stairs, right away! No. No?! We need to have a chat, Mr.Cutter. We have a bigger problem. Root. Worse. He realized he can make demands. In a word, yes. I'm surprised, to be honest- it usually takes them a lot longer to figure it out. It makes no difference- we have to stop doing the trick. Look at yesterday's. And last week's, where they called you "London's premiere stage performer", not "magician" mind. Performer. Of any kind. My point, Robert, is that you've climbed too high to get away with any kind of professional embarrassament. We're not doing any tricks we can't control. Get it down! To what do I owe the pleasure of this rather welcome pint of ale? You are the Great Danton, aren't you? Of course I am. But don't advertise it- I'll be mobbed with fans. (grins at Borden) And who might you be? Just a humble admirer. And fellow practitioner. Ah, very good. Another? If you insist. I'm not perfoming tonight. Well, only one show, and, to be frank, my people pretty much run things these days. You could probably do it blindfolded. Bloody good idea. Have it. Thanks. Actually, there's something I might warn you about. Oh? Well, it's your Transported Man illusion. Now, I'm noit claiming to know your method... but I had a similar trick in my act- and I used... (looks around, Oh, I see, very good. At first. Then it went bad. You se, I hadn't counted on the fact that once I incorporated this bloke into my act, he had complete power over me. Complete power, you say? Weel, he was the secret, you see. And the more successful I became, the more outrageous his demands became. He practically backrupted me. In the end I had to stop performing the illusion completely. (looks at Root) You must be very careful about giving someone that power over you. Thanks for the warning. Great Danton, I must apologize! I simply had too much magic for my stage at the Pantages! Pardon my intrusion! I don't see how Borden found him- I had him under wraps, I was careful. Sit, do you think it might be her? Olivia? Shall we cut him down? Notebook. Then he's just getting started. I'm walking tonight, gentlemen. Let him come. I don't care. I'll live. You save me the trouble to making you an air hole! I'm impressed. You're finally getting your hands dirty. This is what a good trick costs, Angier. Risk. Sacrifice. Which is? My secret? You have my notebook. The keyword is the method. Where is my ingeneur? Still attached. Did you get your answer? I already know how he does it, Robert. The same way he always has, the same way we do. You just want it to be something more. What does it mean? Robert, listen to me. (gentle, but definite) Obssession is a young man's game, I can't follow you any farther in this. Absolutely. We're celebrating. (to wine waiter) Champagne. Your finest Well, we've hit upon a new trick, haven't we, Fallon? I'm going to bury myself alive. Every night. Then someone's going to come along and dig me up! Who are you to tell me what?! It's my name. I'm not always at home. Sarah, I had a terrible ordeal today. I thought I'd lost something very precious to me. Secrets are my life, Sarah. Our life. Unexpected guests. (looks out the window at the men) Not very polite. A lot of questions. At first I thought they might work for the government. Worse. They work for Thomas Edison. Tell me Olivia. Does he like taking his bows under the stage? He has no secrets from me. This is the "truth" you spoke of? I can spot Angier's methods from the back of the theatre. What could you possibly have to offer me? It does. How could he send you away? He must be blind, deaf and dumb. That would be unwise, Mr.Angier. It is true, sir, that you are your one remaining financier. But we have not stolen your money... Because exact science, Mr.Angier, is not an exact science. The machine simply does not operate as expected. It needs continued examination. Which is why we need to rey a different material. It may provoke a different result. You don't expect me to handle the thing myself? These things never quite work as you expect them to, Mr. Angier. That's one of the principal beauties of science. We'll need a couple of weeks to iron (looks at hats) -problems with the machine. I'll send word when it's ready. Don't forget your hat. They are all your hat, Mr. Angier. Daddy's got some business this afternoon. Did I? Then go to the zoo we shall. (gestures to newspaper) Who's that? Daddy has some errands to run. I'll be back before you know it, so get ready. Sarah. Whatever you may think, your only competitions for my affections is my little girl. I love you. I will always love you, and you alone. Absolutely. More shopping. She doesn't like the smell of money, doesn't she? The little lady wants to visit the Zoo, I thought you could take her. I'll do it tomorrow, if not. (looks at his feet) Sarah... she knows. At least, she knows things aren't right. (looks at Fallon, Please don't call me that. It's nothing, just... sometimes things seem... wrong. I'm trying, Olivia. Please. You trust me? (off her look) Then trust Fallon- he protects the things I care about. We're sorry to see you go, Mr. Angier. We are sorry to see Mr. Tesla leave as well. He was very good to Colorado Springs. A very generous man. Mr. Angier? I didn't feel it was necessary to tell the other men about the box. We never use these rooms in the off - season. It's a shame. Such thing will only bring you misery. Lord Caldlow was happy to hear that you'd reconsidered his offer. Angier's journal, the "gesture of good faith"? It's a fake. I assure you it's not. It has to be- it refers to events that happened after his death. Clever predictions, I'm sure. The provenance of the journal is clear and under no doubt. It's written in Angier own hand, of which we have numerous examples. (looks at Borden) What makes you think it's a fake? It doesn't matter. My tricks. All of them. Including the Transported Man? Lord Caldlow will be very pleased. No he won't. They're not complete- you only have the Pledge and Turn for each. Without the Prestige for each trick these are wothless. You'll get the rest after you bring my daughter here. I want to say goodbye. Sarah, it's not true! I've told you Olivia means nothing to me! Sarah. You can't do that. What do you want from me! Not today. I- I'm looking for an old friend- You came back. Good rehearsal space. Blind stagehands. I like it- You always had an eye for publicity. Your last show? You want to design a show around it? What sort of booking are you after? This is the address, sir. Mr.Ackerman. It's an honor to see you again, sir. When you said you only wanted to show me one trick it piqued my interest. It's a very special trick. Mr.Ackerman. Likewise, I'm sure. Let's get on, shall we? (down to stage) Turn it on, please. Very pretty. That's it, Cutter? He simply disappears? That's not a trick. He has to come back. There has to be a- (quiet, haunted) Pardon me. It's very rare to see... real magic. it's been many years since I've seen... Yes. But you'll have to dress it up a little. Disguise it. Give them enough reason to doubt it. I have an act for your venue. Get rid of them. This is a magical act. An excellent one. I believe you booked his first engagement several years ago. The Great Danton. There will be one hundred performances. No more, no less. Five perfomances a week. No matinees, no weekends. And that's what you'll be charging for each ticket. Good day. Who? Why would I talk about her to you? You want the truth about me, Olivia? (she nods, wary) I never loved Sarah. Part of me loved her. But part of me didn't. The part that found you. The part that's sitting here now. I love you. That is the truth that matters. He's back? Why only 100 performances? Do his methods dictate it, or is it simply a publicity move? Fifty yards in a second. And all I know is that he uses a trapdoor. What's going on under that stage? It's Cutter. What do you want? I'm looking for Angier. What are they doing? What's down there? Perhaps not. They do this every night. After each performance? We're done. (turns to Fallon) Let him have this trick. You're not to go back there. I don't need to know his secret. Leave him alone. I'm part of the act, you fool! Who was that? What did you do? You will, in one month's time, be hanged by the neck until dead. May the Lord have mercy on your soul. Mr.Cutter? Owens. Thank you for coming, Mr.Owens. It's fallen to me to dispose of Mr.Angier's equipment. Looking at the manifest, it's cleat that Lord Caldlow has purchased the bulk of the items. Mr.Cutter, if you needed to know where to deliver the items you surely could have just- It's not just that, Mr.Owens. There is a particular item (turns to crate) This time, in fact, that I wish to... well, that is to say, I want to- You wnat to buy it instead. I suppose so, yes. This is the machine? I'm afraid Lord Caldlow was adamant about procuring this particular item. Perhaps if I dould talk to Lord Caldlow in person. Out of the question, I'm afraid. of course, I suppose... if, in the course of your delivery arrangements your paths were to cross... I can't stop you from speaking your mind. For now. Jess, how are you? Are you alright? I've missed you. Fallon's missed you. We both have. Everything's going to be okay. You must be Lord- I saw you die. You were always afraid to get your hands dirty... (looks down at his You win. But don't take my little girl... Wait. Don't you want this? You paid for it. Angier! Let me say good-bye. Please. Soon. I promise. Soon. Daddy's coming, I promise. I promise. I promise. You think this place can hold me, Angier? Angier! Come here, love. Sir, there's gentleman waiting. Dead God. You're alive. You're Lord Caldlow. (Angier nods again) How? How are you alive, Robert?! I saw you on the slab, for God's sake. Go on, child. Who's the girl? I've seen her. I've seen her in court with Fallon... What have you done? She needs her father, but you're letting him hang. And I helped you. I came here tonight to beg Lord Caldlow to let me destroy that machine. But I won't beg you for anything. Then, Lord Caldlow, where would like me to deliver it? I once told you about the sailor who described drowing to me... I was lying. He said it was agony. We go alone now- both of us. Only I don't have as far to go as you. You were right. I should've left him to his damned trick... I'm sorry. I'm sorry for so many things. For Sarah. I didn't want to hurt her. Don't cry. Not for me. Go live your life in full. For both of us. Are you watching closely? Thank-you gents. Where do you want it? Don't worry. Someone's coming to help. I'm bringing this over after we're done. No room left- you couldn't have acommodated 100 performances. I'll go mix the cement. Take a minute to consider your achiviement. Alfred borden, on this day, in the name of the King and the high court of England, you will meet your end. Do you have anything to say for yourself. Abacadabra. We were both Fallon. And we were both Borden. Simple, maybe. But not easy. We each loved one of them. We each had half a full life. Enough for us, but not for them. Sacrifice, Robert- that's the price of a good trick. But you wouldn't know anything about that, would you? It takes nothing to steal someone else's work. No, wait! I'm the- You went halfway around the world. You spent a fortune. You did terrible things... and all of it for nothing. But you won't find it... ...because you don't really want to know... 