Me? Yes, Mr. Luthor. The XK101 can travel anywhere in the world undetected. It also has a sensory device built into it so that it can detect any obstacle in its path and avoid it. It just goes around it or over it. The XK101 never quits! It will not stop until it reaches its pre-targeted target! Yes, so, well, Werner would've gotten to that too but -- -- but the XK101 flies only eight feet above the ground...well below the radar limit! So what? We could have done that soon. We had ways to make people ta-- ways to avoid the radar. And this XK101 -- they think it's so smart that they keep it in 'missile silos' underground. Hah! We kept many things underground. -- thought about a rocket that carries a nuclear warhead in its nosecone and can strike with an impact of -- It's very simple, Otis. Very simple, the XK101 rocket. It's nothing, forty years ago we in the Fatherland were working on this. Five more years, we would've had it. But then -- -- that silly war...Why, my cousin Werner had already -- But Mr. Luthor, sir, I already -- We're running out of smoke. Thank you. He's thirty-five years old. Nobody else. There's some slice American cheese...and...a half a bottle of club soda, I think. Bunkers! I know, but --What's she doing in California? Lois isn't here? It was hot, yes. I've been on the job. I will. North. It's north Mother... I talked to Ben Hubbard this morning. He'll be more than glad to bring in the crops on shares. Mom... Don't worry, Mom. I know. No, Mom. You know I wouldn't break my promise. You're not the only one. No thanks. Super...man. Hmmm... Is that what they're calling him? What'd you call him? Jealous? Of what? I don't know, Lois, but I do know a fraud when I hear one. This thing goes against all natural laws. Look, there was probably a trampoline on the roof somewhere and this joker just took a big bounce. Mirrors, then. It's done with mirrors. It was done with wires. They must have rigged him like they do with Peter Pan. Oh sure. A man flies in the sky like a pigeon and it wasn't a trick. You were probably so scared you didn't look to see what the trick was. Come again? Can I take you to the airport? Lois, you should see what the inside of your lungs look like. No. I'm just thinking that you smoke too much, if you don't mind my saying so. Don't you ever give up? Oh. Oh, not really. I guess I'll just watch a little TV and -- -- unless...would you be interested in dinner? Huh? I just took a shot at it. Know what? Supposing that man had hurt you? Is it worth risking your life over ten dollars, two credit cards, and a lipstick? I mean, it's not as if -- It isn't worth getting a heart attack over, Lois. He may have a gun! What the -- ! Unbelievable. But otherwise it's swell. I think I lost a week's salary at the dart board. Not really, no. Not really, no. Actually, she's silver-haired. No. I'll bet you have some good ideas. I'd like to.Will you abide by the Council's opinion? If you persist, you leave us no choice. This discussion is terminated. The decision of the council is final. You will cease pursuing this matter. Any attempt by you to continue, to create a climate of fear and panic among the populace, will be deemed an act of insurrection! But so is Vond-El You are one of Krypton's greatest scientists Jor-El - Jor-El, Be warned. This tone of yours approaches insolence.It's for that piece she's doing on women and competition. She's off to the Women's Western Golf Classic. She's in California. That's wild enough, I guess. You and Lois, you get all the action. There she is, out in the wild West and everything. A hot story, huh? You'd better get a new alarm clock. The chief has been hollering for you. On the salary he pays me, I can't make my rent without it. How come you get all the good stories, Lois? Boy! Two. What're you writing, Lois?What your mother means, Clark, is that she don't want folks to think you're special. Got all A's this year. Teacher said he's the best 5th grader in the - Who? Clark? I never cared two hoots for that fella. Jonathan Jr. That's got a ring to it. Guess I'd better hitch up the rig and come back to get that...that thing he was settin' in. What do you make of that thing? Martha? You listening? Folks'll ask question. He sure as heck does that. Well - gotta change that tire if were gonna get home. What's your name, boy?Neither my wife nor I will attempt to leave Krypton. As an irredeemable criminal? You compare me to them? And if I don't obey? I have sworn to uphold the laws of Krypton. Then - My friends, I am not a rash, impulsive person. I'm not given to wild, unsupported statements. We must evacuate this planet immediately! But you can't ignore these facts! It's suicide! Worse than that, it's genocide. Then you have on of those 'feelings.' It was called: 'love.' You've been doing some research in the archives. Well, physiologically, he... won't quite fit. Yes, true. But on other worlds there would be other problems - heat, cold, no life, no life support systems...No, Lara, believe me; Earth is the least of evils. On Earth, his lighter gravity will render him almost weightless - that can't be helped. But with his denser molecular structure, he will also be strong. He will be fast, He will be virtually invulnerable. Their atmosphere will sustain him. He will look like one of them. They are primitive, Lara, but they are not animals. Lara, please... It's the only logical conclusion. If he remains here, he'll be as dead as... And it is forbidden for you to interfere with human history. All you can do, Kal-El, even now that you have...found yourself...is help them to evolve. Set an example. Show them they must strive towards the light. And... remember us... Or twenty-four as it is in Earth time. Furthermore, if you will reveal yourself, your enemies will have a way of getting at you where you are vulnerable: by hurting the people you care for. Ah, this Earth...this world you live in, Kal-El... Resist its temptations, its rewards, especially its political system. ....to feel yourself. Very well. You are revealed to the world. But still you must keep your secret identity. First of all, you will need it as an escape valve. You cannot be special twenty-eight hours a day - How good it felt! My son, I foresaw this. I knew - Enjoyed it?Not you. You. Tell me again. Got it? Otis? One of them should've been you. Albert! And stop interrupting. his is the big scene. Your finest hour! You rose to the challenge, baby! And you lost. That's the best part! Ah! The guest of honor at last! And about time, too! Otherwise, you're a Mongoloid idiot. It's reasonable to assume that fragments of the planet were shot out into space by the force of the explosion, and -- You're a great architect, Albert. That the planet blew up on May 23, 1937. That the rocket ship with the revolting little freak in it took three years to reach Earth. Ergo? Shut up, apple-polisher. Ahhhh, my favorite part of the day. Who else could have thought of this aquarium? Wonderful. Otis will go above and steal some Big Macs. I take the man out of Argentina - and it was no picnic finding him y'know? And what does he think about? Bunkers. Still living in the past, when I am about to realize the greatest real estate scheme in the history of the world! You'll be designing monuments soon, Albert! Hotels! Palaces! Stop saying you know when I say 'y'know.' I know you know. Yes, I know you're here, Otis. What do you want, a brass band? Of course I can. I love you. What other one? I'm wearing it. Miss Teschmacher, Superman is a fairly bright individual. My understanding of the way he works is that he won't be fooled by a simple trick. Lex is going bye-bye. He always shows up when somebody's in danger. You got wax in your ears? Nothing, nothing. I just want to invite him to tea. Not exactly. But it's his kind of neighborhood. Your volcano chum? Your junior life-saving buddy? Let's get high. Yours not to reason why, Miss Teschmacher. Relax! Enjoy it! Just look at that smog! Baby -- I'm going to take you higher. She knows. Clever, very clever. And unappreciated. But I'm going to take you away from all this. You've been under such a strain. And I've ...I've -- -- neglected you. Mea culpa! Y'know. Hit you? A clever girl like you? 'He turned slowly, slowly in the lava...' was how you described it. Now that's clever. I have to hand it to you. Something you can feed the pets, perhaps? Let's have it. No news is not good news. Y'know You have two minutes and thirty- two seconds. Don't let me down. Nothing. They stop for nothing. Ready? Is that an innuendo, Miss Teschmacher? Because if it is, you are about to experience the heady thrill of being hurled from a moving vehicle. Weak sister. I still can't figure out why it took so long for you to catch up with us after we all ran out. Y'know? About Vesuvius. About Superman writhing in the bowels of the volcano. Ahh, the look on his face when he saw that Kryptonite. When will I see another, y'know? Y'know? What do you suggest, my dear? The door jam, Miss Teschmacher. This Ethiopian shmendrick here, in his simple, unconscious way, needed something to wedge the door open, the better to inhale the flies that form such an important part of his diet. So he grabs something from the table... La de da da... Breathe that air, Miss Teschmacher. No, you're going to get kissed, Tune me in , lady. An explosion such as the one Superman describes would have altered the molecular structure of the Krypton rock. Ahh. 'National Geographic." In my day, this made 'Playboy" look like Mother Goose. Bingo! Deductive reasoning, my friends! That's the name of the game. What does it say here? Stay and listen! Besides, it's twelve in the afternoon. This is no time to go to bed. See? I see. It's you who don't see. Doesn't see. I cannot believe it! How you people fail to grasp the long-range significance of this! Y'know? Exactly, Miss Teschmacher. Some people can read 'War and Peace' and come away thinking it was a simple adventure story. Other people can read the ingredients on a chewing gum wrapper and come away with the secret of the universe. Y'know. Krypton! When it gets to seventy-five below, stabilize it. What's the temperature now? Damn! This will get him. Shut up. You're on. Nuts. He made it. He's from another world. I needed this, Y'know? I really needed this. just when I'm nearing the fruition of my project, Big Bird flies into town. Go ahead! Kill me by inches! Put me on the agony rack! First the pets, Otis. What about dinner? I have to worry about the crime of the century, that's all. Y'know? Am I supposed to worry about what's in the refrigerator, too? What's in it? You'll be seeing stars in a minute, Miss Teschmacher. y'know? Criers and complainers! That's what I get! Moaners and groaners! Me, Lex Luthor, who figured out how to live in luxury without ever paying one cent in taxes. Lex Luthor, who built this fantastic kingdom under the sea, so to speak, hidden and undetected by the fools who eke out their miserable lives on the streets above. Compared to what came before? A year of living in the sewers? A part of that will always be with me. I know that. Bu tin this case he was right. Arnold 'Buster' Luthor, the most inept check forger of his time -- A pity he didn't live to see his son strike out for the big city. A pity he didn't live to see how, from humble beginnings, I created an empire. My father always said to me, 'Son, don't invest your money in anything but land. Land! Stocks rise and fall, banks fall, people are no damn good, but they'll always need land and for that they'll pay through the nose. 'Remember that ,' my father said. 'Land." So it's six hundred feet below Park Avenue, It's still a Park Avenue address. Me and my real estate? How many other girls, Miss Teschmacher, are lucky enough to have a Park Avenue address like this? Good enough for you. Now then -- -- tell me something I like to hear. As many times as I hear it... Ah, dear simple Otis. Albert explain it to him. Cleaning a rock, Otis? Jot it down. As soon as we're back, he feeds the pets. They're killing me by inches! Go ahead! Make me suffer! Milk me dry. Well, gents? What did I tell you? It's a piece of cake. Will kill him! And I'm going to have a piece of the rock! Miss Teschmacher, pack your -- But, to someone from the planet Krypton, this substance would be lethal because of its high level of radioactivity. Kryptonite! Ah, Kryptonite! That's the stuff! Y'know? I'm sure of it. Y'know? And there's a strong streak of goody- goody in him that is going to blow this deal for me if I don't do something about it. Something! Is that real enough for you? Otis... And now he lies to me. He has been stealing ladies' purses again. Haven't you? Haven't you, you miserable petty crook? I gave him this new face. I gave him steady employment -- I broke the man out of prison -- Otis, were you up to your old tricks? What's the matter, Otis? Excellent, Otis. But what took you so long? Not there! A pine tree in Death Valley? Idiot! This is for the North Woods section! Now then, Otis. Did you get what I asked for? No speeches, Otis. Just watch what Albert has prepared. What are you waiting for? Now who's the dreamer, Superman? Even you can't fly that fast! For the first time today, Superman I must tell you that you're wrong. But how could you know that - Oh, well. I guess I could tell you now. Y'see, actually...but this conversation is becoming rather dry, isn't it. In a way -- oh, it'll be a relief. I'm a wreck. No rest for the wicked, y'know. It wasn't enough, the radio frequencies, then I had to worry about getting to the missile and adjusting the aiming. So that if I could have activated the launch -- well, Lex Luthor would've hit the spot. There's a little place on Route 190. Dead on the practice optimum stress point of the San Andreas Fault. It wouldn't mean much to you, Superman, but I call it...target zero. Pancho's Taco Palace... Well, that's their problem, T.S. But -- but the XK 101 also works on a radio wave control system. The problem was to find out the frequency. Problems, problems, I've had so many... You guessed it! You're always one step ahead of me. Aren't you Superman? Yes, right. There was a police helicopter buzzing the area and transmitting on the same frequency as the garage doors. The minute the signal went out -- Zip! Zip! Zip! And garbage doors. Still, foolishly, perhaps, I had a theory that eliminates the Presidential push-button. I was doing my homework... I know. I know. I never promised myself a rose garden. You're right, you're right, Superman. There were wrinkles to iron out. But, well... ...there is this new rocket, the XK 101. Maybe I should get help. -- Dropped into the sea! Bye-bye California! Hello, new West Coast! Gold Coast! My Coast. And now...well... I left my heart in San Francisco... Couldn't have said it better myself. Now all this -- -- west of the Fault is the most expensive real estate in the world. Los Angeles. San Diego. San Francisco. And here -- -- is just hundreds and hundreds of miles of cheap desert land. Land that happens to be owned by Lex Luthor Enterprises. Well... ...call me a fool, but ...it did occur to me that if a conventional five hundred megaton bomb were to explode at exactly the proper stress point -- -- that would trigger the upheaval that would cause the San Andreas Fault to 'do its thing.' Ah, it would've been so nice, y'know... At the San Andreas Fault. Maybe you've heard of it. Right, right. Where was I? Ah, yes -- It's just that -- I spent a fortune on these things! And all for naught! What a waste -- No, Superman, of course not. You do get around, don't you. This is California. The richest, most populous state in America. And growing like a sonofagun. Oh, that. Listen -- you're busy -- and it's a long story -- Well -- you've got me! What can I say? Makes Cecil B. DeMille look like the Senior Class play, right?Sort of. I still don't get it. Oh, Mr. Luthor... Maybe it's being polished or something. Maybe they're cleaning it. It's a Twinkie, boss. You mean bullets and fire and all that can't hurt him, but this kind of rock -- It is for me. Please... I guess I...uh...regressed. I...uh...check. I'll never forget you for that, Mr. Luthor. I'll always be grateful, Mr. Luthor. Matter? With me? Nothing's the matter. Did I do good, Mr. Luthor? There. Yessir. Just what you wanted. I...uh...Whoever comes up with that will make Woodward and Bernstein look like Abbot and Costello. If one of you can get that -- I mean, I want the real Superman. Who is he? Where's he from? What's his favorite ball team? What's up? I was going to say that there's only one 'p' in subpoena. What the hell did you major in at Radcliffe? Middle English? Nice job on the teamster's update, Kent. Lois, the kickback story... Lois, take Kent there and introduce him around It does, huh? Clark Kent, I'd like you to meet Lois Lane.Okay. Take me to your leader. Look, lady, you saved my life once. I owe you a favor. But I can't understand why you follow a man like that. Sure, and let the plane crash in the middle of the city. I'd better get you down. The bald man! The one who tried to kill me? Besides that. What are you doing here? You! The girl from the volcano! Kryptonite... Listen...thank you. There are none of them any good anyway. Twenty-four. How good it felt - No! You couldn't imagine - I guess I got carried away I don't know what to say. Look, I -- I just - Well, I was born on a planet your scientists don't know too much about. It's in the Xeno Galaxy. Or it was. It was called Krypton. That's K-R-Y-P... Very much. Sure. Pink. Only when somebody shoots them at me. Yes. Although I can get a headache just like anyone. Uh-huh. What about it? 195 pounds. Thirty-five. It's not bad. The reason I can fly is because my molecular structure is so constituted that I have a lighter density under Earth's gravitational force. I wouldn't do that. It's against the law. I guess they are a little odd. You think they're strange? Ask, You're the girl reporter. I'd appreciate it if you didn't smoke. Who's Clark? One of your colleagues? I think you'll be able to remember it. I doubt you'll misquote me. Unlisted number, Shall we proceed? There's been a lot of confusion in the media about who I am and what I'm up to and all that. I'd like to set the record straight. With your help. I came to talk to you. Right on the first guess. Not a chance. It's too nice a night. Let's just say I'm a friend. And watch yourself from now on with those things, Okay? I mean if the good lord wanted people to fly he would have given them wings. Not while I'm around you're not. C'mon... Do as I say. Let go! Easy now, miss, I've got you??? We'll see how fast I can fly. Well, it's very impressive but you built this junk for nothing. They'll soon be over. Luthor -- On radio waves? The XK 101. Luthor, that operates on radio waves. And with our fail-safe system, only the President himself can push that button. It wouldn't hurt. You can't go on living in fantasies. Did you really think you could get hold of a nuclear bomb? And drop it? Why, our Strategic Defense boys would have -- It would never have worked, Luthor. You are a dreamer -- a sick, twisted dreamer. Nice! Most of California would have been destroyed. Millions of people would've been killed! The West Coast as we know it would have -- Sure. It's the joining together of two land masses pushed together eight million years ago. The fault line itself is unstable and always shifting, which is the reason you get earthquakes in the California area from time to time. Of time, Luthor. I don't need a geography lesson, Luthor. Plenty! About 'The Crime of the Century,' Remember? But...why? What is this??!