Eight o'clock? Do you think I have it, Dr. Venkman? No. They're just coming to me. Ummm -- figure eight? Is it a star?Dr. Venkman, we believe that the purpose of science is to serve mankind. You, however, seem to regard science as some kind of "dodge" or "hustle." Your theories are the worst kind of popular tripe, your methods are sloppy and your conclusions are highly questionable. You're a poor scientist, Dr. Venkman, and you have no place in this department or in this University. Fine. This University will no longer continue any funding of any kind for your group's activities. No, we're moving you OFF CAMPUS. The Board of Regents has decided to terminate your grant. You are to vacate these premises immediately.That would definitely explain it. You have to wonder why anybody would dump a marshmallow that size right in the middle of the street. Well, that definitely looks like marshmallow to me. He's a big one. You don't want to mess with that particular breed.Uuuuuuugh!! To the bathroom, where do you think? Nice going, honey. It was brand new. I don't know. It probably would've been the same.Did you see it? What was it? What's that got to do with it? Thank you for coming. I'd appreciate it if we could take care of this quickly and quietly. Hello, I'm Roger Delacorte - the Head Librarian. Are you the men from the University?I'm innocent! Honest, Dana. I never touched you. Not that I remember anyway. Are you the Gatekeeper? I got the Twister game for later ... Great! Bring her, too. But you better hurry. I made nachos with non-fat cheese and they're almost gone. I'll make some more though. Hey, it's crazy in here. You're missing a classic party. Oh, Dana, it's you. You know you shouldn't leave your TV on so loud when you go out. That creep down the hall phoned the manager. Okay. I'll take a raincheck. I always have plenty of mineral water and other nutritious health foods, but you know that. Listen, that reminds me, I'm having a party for all my clients. It's gonna be my fourth anniversary as an accountant. I know you fill out your own tax return, but I'd like you to come being that you're my next door neighbor and all ... Oh, no, I feel great. I just ordered some more vitamins. I see you were exercising. So was I. I taped "20 Minute Workout" and played it back at high speed so it only took ten minutes and I got a really good workout. You wanna have a mineral water with me? ... I thought it was the drug store. Oh, Dana, it's you ...Heavens, no! The owners don't like us to even talk about it. I hoped we could take care of this quietly tonight. Well, most of the original staff knows about the twelfth floor ... The disturbances, I mean ... But it's been quiet for years ... Up until two weeks ago ... It was never ever this bad, though. Thank you for coming so quickly. The guests are starting to ask questions and I'm running out of excuses.That's "Peck!" Probably a mixture of gases, no doubt stolen from the Army ... See! They are using drugs. Forget it, Venkman. You had your chance to cooperate but you thought it was more fun to insult me. Now it's my turn, smart-ass. Have it your way, Mr. Venkman. Well, because I'm curious. I want to know more about what you do here. Frankly, there have been a lot of wild stories in the media and we want to assess any possible environmental impact from your operation. For instance, the storage of noxious, possibly hazardous waste materials in your basement. Now either you show me what's down there or I come back with a court order. May I please see the storage facility? And what is the magic word, Mr. Venkman? And why not, Mr. Venkman? And may I see this storage facility? And would this storage facility be located on these premises? And where do you put these ghosts once you catch them? And how many ghosts have you caught, Mr. Venkman? I see. And now you catch ghosts? Exactly what are you a doctor of, Mr. Venkman? Are you Peter Venkman? I'm Walter Peck. I represent the Environmental Protection Agency, Third District.I wonder if there might not be a very large cup of hot chocolate somewhere in the area. Yeah, it's some kind of mallow-type substance - that's for sure. Definitely some sort of fighting Spaniel, I think. That is one speedy mutt.I'll tell you the effect! It pisses me off! Yeah, but I didn't know you were going to give me electric shocks. What are you trying to prove? Hey! I'm getting a little tired of this. Two wavy lines? Yes. I don't like this. Circle? A square?Thank you. I don't believe in luck. What is it? I don't care. I see us as tiny parts of a vast organism, like two bacteria living on a rotting speck of dust floating in an infinite void. Die in what sense? I think it's the food of the future. I collect spores, molds and fungus. Is that a game? Print is dead. On Earth -- no. But on Krypton we could slice him up like Oscar Mayer Bologna. I couldn't do that. You might hurt someone. They're not guns. They're particle throwers. When you were in the bathroom, did you notice anything that was yellow and unusually smelly? The wet towels, residual moisture on your lower limbs and hair, the redness in your cheeks indicating ... Were you recently in the bathroom? Life is just a state of mind. No! Them! Shoot them! Cross the beams. Full-stream with strogon pulse. You talked to Gozer? Who? Yes. After the First World War Shandor decided that society was too sick to survive. And he wasn't alone. He had close to a thousand followers when he died. They conducted rituals, bizarre rituals, intended to bring about the end of the world. Of course! Ivo Shandor, I saw his name in Tobin's SPIRIT GUIDE. He started a secret society in 1920. Oh, shit! He wants to shut down the storage grid. All right, Peter. Good night. All right. I'll try. I agree. Some. I just met the Keymaster. He's here with me now. Venkman? Are you there? Does she want to be? What is it? It's hard to explain, but try to imagine all life as you know it stopping instantaneously and finding yourself confined forever in another dimension. Trust me. It will be bad. Don't cross the beams. Wait! Wait! There's something I forgot to tell you. Something was definitely here. Did you see anything? She's telling the truth -- or at least she thinks she is. Just for your information, Ray, the interest payments alone for the first five years come to over $75,000. I'm always serious. Oh, this is big, Peter. This is very big. There's definitely something here. Oh! You're here. That appears to be the case. And look at this, Peter Cold-riveted girders with selenium cores. The storage facility blew. This one ... ... shut off the protection grid. I'm worried, Ray. It's getting crowded in there. And all my recent data points to something big on the bottom. I've got to sleep. Neutronize. System shut. Easy ... Easy ... I'm going to throw in my trap now. Ray! Where are you? Are you all right? We'd better adjust our streams. I blame myself. Or even a race memory, stored in the collective unconscious. And I wouldn't rule out clairvoyance or telepathic contact either.Yes, sir. Don't worry. We handle this kind of thing all the time. Did you ever report it to anyone? Has this ever happened before? You mean if I stand here and concentrate on the image of Roberto Clemente, Gozer will appear as Roberto Clemente and wipe us out? Look at the structure of the roof cap. It looks exactly like the kind of telemetry tracker NASA uses to identify dead pulsars in other galaxies. What happened??!!!? I need two new purge valves. How's the grid around the storage facility holding up? Set entry grid. It's working! God, it's ugly! Sorry, Buddy! I just realized something. We've never had a completely successful test with any of the equipment. You know, Peter, this could be a past life experience intruding on the present. The Stay-Puft Marshmallow Man! He was on all the packages we used to buy when I was a kid. We used to roast Stay-Puft marshmallows at Camp Waconda! Look! I couldn't help it! It just popped in there! Forget the trapping! Just blast him! As a duly-constituted representative of the City of New York, and on behalf of the County and State of New York, the United States of America, the Planet Earth and all its inhabitants, I hereby order you to cease and desist any and all supernatural activity and return at once to your place of origin or next parallel dimension. I don't think it's Shandor. He's listed on the blueprints as I. Shandor. No! Nobody ever built them like this! The architect was either an authentic whacko or a certified genius. The whole building is like a huge antenna for pulling in and concentrating psychokinetic energy. It's not good, Pete. Boy, that was a rough one. I don't know. I'm just guessing. Don't move. It won't hurt you. Sit tight. I'm on my way. Where are you, Pete? All right. Let's cool the negative vibes. These things can sense them. I'm getting high readings near the air vents. It must be using the duct system to get around. See, I told you we'd get something. No sense worrying about it now. They will. How was your date? Why don't I check out the building? It may have a history of psychic turbulence. Fourteen hundred. Everybody can relax. I found the car. How do you like it? Wow! Does this pole still work? But most people are afraid to even report these things. But at nineteen percent interest! You didn't even bargain with the guy. My parents left me that house, I was born there. For what purpose? Do you know what a patent clerk makes? I liked the University. They gave us money, they gave us the facilities and we didn't have to produce anything! I've worked in the private sector. They expect results. You've never been out of college. You don't know what it's like out there. This is like a major disgrace. Forget M.I.T. or Stanford now ... they wouldn't touch us with a three-meter cattle prod. You said you floored 'em at the Regents' meeting. If anyone deserves it, it's Spengler and me. We're doing all the hard research and designing the equipment. I guess I got a little overexcited. Wasn't it incredible! I'm telling you, this is a first. You know what this could mean to the University? Okay. Okay. I got it. I know what to do. Stay close. I have a plan. Anything! Just make contact. I don't know. Talk to it. I told you it's real. What is it? Well, I was at an unexplained multiple high-altitude rockfall once. What do you mean by "seen?" Spengler and I have charted every psychic occurrence in the Tri-State area for the past two years. The graph we came up with definitely points to something big. No, this one's for real, Peter. Spengler went down there and took some PKE readings. Right off the top of the scale. Buried the needle. We're close this time. I can feel it. Peter, at 1:40 this afternoon at the main branch of the New York Public Library on Fifth Avenue, ten people witnessed a free-roaming, vaporous, full-torso apparition. It blew books from shelves at twenty feet away. Scared the socks off some poor librarian. What do you mean "choose?" We don't understand. LATER, MAN!! You don't have to worry about that with us, sir. Every ancient religion had its own myth about the end of the world. Judgement Day ... And the seas would boil ... The whole roof cap was fabricated with a magnesium-tungsten alloy. No. But I liked Jesus' style. Boy! Solid cores of shielded Selenium .325. Mmmhmmm. Uh ... Oh these are blueprints of the structural ironwork in Dana Barrett's apartment building ... And they're most unusual. Very impressive resume. Electronic countermeasures, Strategic Air Command ... Black belt in Karate ... Small arms expert ... Mr. Zeddemore, as you may have heard, we locate ghosts and spirits, trap them with streams of concentrated quantum energy and remove them from people's homes, offices and places of worship.Wow! Wait! Wait! Let me ask you something. If you like shot Superman with those guns, would he feel it or what? Yeah, yeah. I just want to see 'em. Hey, Mister! Can I see those guns?I was just going to say "eight." You're fantastic! Okay. Just give me a second here. I have to leave now but if you've got some time I'd like you to come back this evening and do some more work with me. Definitely. I think you may be a very gifted telepath. Well, I guess some people have it and some don't. Well, you're doing great. Keep it up. Incredible! Five for five. You're not cheating on me here, are you? Ready? What is it? It is a star! That's great. You're very good. This is going to cost you, you know. Our fees are ridiculously high. Yeah, along with most of your furniture and a lot of your personal possessions. This one took some work. Nothing! We just got rid of that thing in your kitchen. Whoa!! Nice voice. Right ... You're the Gatekeeper. But I want Dana. Dana, speak to me ... I don't know. You've got two people in there already. It could get a little crowded. I want you to close your eyes and relax. Now I'm going to speak to Dana and I want Dana to answer. Actually, it's more of a policy than a rule. Well, I'll just use it for a while and get it right back to you. Really? Can't wait to meet him. As long as we're waiting for him, I'd really like to try something with you -- in the bedroom. Okay, I'll help you. Should we make some dip or something? Hey, Dana. What is it? What happened? I'll pick you up at your place. I'll bring along the Roylance Guide -- we can read after we eat. You think I enjoy giving up my evenings to spend time with clients? I'm making an exception because I respect you as an artist and as a dresser. I'm checking on that. I think we should meet Thursday night at nine to talk about it. "Gozer" -- he was very big in the Sumerian religion. One of their gods. Well, the name Zuul refers to a demi-god worshipped around 6000 B.C. by the ... What's that say? I'll cancel the reservation, I found the name "Zuul" in ... The Roylance Guide to Secret Societies and Sects. I don't suppose you've read it. Yes, but I have to tell you in private at a fine restaurant. Is he dying or something? Who's the stiff? I don't have to take abuse from you. I have other people dying to give it to me. You're the best one in your row. Great rehearsal. No kiss? Okay. Then I'll go. Okay, okay. But if anything else happens, you have to promise you'll call me. Don't scream. I want to help you. On a purely scientific basis. I think I should spend the night here. I'm a qualified psychologist. I've got a degree and everything. I believe that something happened here and I want to do something about it. If it's any comfort to you, I don't think you're crazy. There's nothing there now and I don't get any significant readings. Yeah, yeah. Damn! I know. It happened by itself. You're quite a housekeeper. Well, let's check it out. Nothing. Is that the kitchen? That's too bad. Thanks. What's in there? No? What do I act like? Yeah, but it's got a great cello break. I'd have to say Prokofiev's third concerto. You play the cello! It's my favorite instrument. Have you ever thought of moving out -- at least until this disturbance blows over? Spengler, see if you can find the word "Zuul" in any of the literature. I'll take Miss Barrett home and check out her apartment. It's in the stars. Some people like the attention. Some people are just crazy. So what do you think it was? We're all professionals here, Miss ... Hello. I'm Peter Venkman. May I help you? I see. But why? The students love us! This is preposterous! I demand an explanation. I trust you're moving us to a better space somewhere on campus. We'll get back to you. Back off, man! I'm a scientist! One thing at a time. We don't even know what it is yet. Yes. I'm Dr. Venkman and this is Dr. Stantz. Janine, I'm sure a woman with your qualifications would have no trouble finding a top flight job in the housekeeping or food service industry. The EPA? What's he want? Here's the paper on the Brooklyn job. She paid with a Visa card. Why don't you step into the office and we'll talk about it. Hold all my calls, Janine. ... or you can accept the fact that this city is heading for a disaster of really Biblical proportions. Mr. Mayor, it's a pretty simple choice. You can believe Mr. Pecker here ... The man is a psychopath, Your Honor. You turned off the power! Look, there was another man here ... You have to find him and bring him back. A short determined-looking guy with the eyes of a happy zombie. At ease, Officers. I'm Peter Venkman. I think there's been some kind of misunderstanding here and I want to cooperate in every way I can. Hey! Make yourself useful! Go save a tree! Go ahead! Get a court order. Then I'm gonna sue your ass off for wrongful prosecution. Why do you want to see it? The magic word is "please." Because you didn't say the magic word. No, you may not. Yes, it would. In a storage facility. I'm not at liberty to say. You could say that. I have Ph.D's in psychology and parapsychology. Yes, I'm Doctor Venkman. Great! How's it going? Can I help you? Then my theory was correct. I'm studying the effect of negative reinforcement on ESP ability. You volunteered, didn't you? Aren't we paying you for this? Sorry. This isn't your day. Well, just 75 more to go. What's this one? Nervous? Close -- but definitely wrong. Good guess -- but no. All right. What is it? But it's my favorite state. No! You said crossing the beams would be BAD. It'll kill her! And us! On the count of three! One ... Two ... What now? Get a grip on yourself, Egon. I talked to Dana Barrett and she referred to Gozer as the Destructor. Gozer. She said he was "the Destructor." Let me guess -- Gozer Worshippers. Where's the Keymaster? If you turn that thing off we won't be responsible for the consequences. I'll spend the night here and get back first thing in the morning. You have to keep him there. Do whatever you have to, but don't let him leave, He could be very dangerous. Yeah, yeah. I was just thinking. It probably wouldn't be a good idea for them to get together at this point. I don't think so. It's more of that Gozer thing. She says she's the Gatekeeper. Does that make any sense to you? I'm with Dana Barrett and she's floating three feet off the bed. It's Peter, Egon. I've got a problem. What do you mean "bad?" Why not? What? Yeah, I can smell it. Didn't see anything, Didn't get anything. Nice girl - no ghost. I'm starting to worry. You said your graph was pointing to something big. You told me things were going to start popping. Generally, you don't see that kind of behavior in a major appliance. What do you think, Egon? Will you guys relax? We are on the threshold of establishing the indispensable defense science of the next decade - Professional Paranormal Investigations and Eliminations. The franchise rights alone will make us wealthy beyond your wildest dreams. Wow! Spengler, are you serious about actually catching a ghost? Egon, somehow this reminds me of the time you tried to drill a hole in your head. Do you remember that? What have you got, Egon? Great! The marshmallows are about to get their revenge. AND YOU CAME UP WITH THAT? What? What popped in there? Agile bastard, isn't he? Well, that ought to do it. It doesn't seem to have slowed him down any. Who was the architect? I guess they don't build them like they used to, huh? Egon, how's the grid around the storage facility holding up? I can't take much more of this. The pace is killing me. How do you know? It's here, Ray. It's looking at me. Well, hurry up. The needle's going wild. Third floor. Get down here, Ray -- Something's here. So far all we got is a shit smell on the twelfth floor and we almost fried a Puerto Rican bellboy. Sure. Each of us is wearing an unlicensed nuclear accelerator on our back. No problem. So do I. Do you know when that might be? We're on the brink of a very serious cash-flow problem. It wasn't a date. It was an investigation. Good idea. Were any other words spoken that you remember? Do you think it's wide enough? How much? This might do ... I don't know ... it just seems kind of "pricey" for a fixer-upper, don't you think? We're trying to keep our costs down. You know how it is when you're starting a new company. Maybe. But no one ever advertised before. You're not going to lose the house. Everybody has three mortgages these days. You'll never regret this, Ray. To go into business for ourselves. Let me tell you, Ray, everything in life happens for a reason. Call it fate, call it luck, Karma, whatever. I think we were destined to get kicked out of there. You're always so worried about your reputation. We don't need the University. Einstein did his best stuff while he was working as a patent clerk.'They can't stop progress. Ray, I apologize. I guess my confidence in the Regents was misplaced. They did this to Galileo, too. Yeah, but I introduced you guys. You never would've met if not for me. That's got to be worth something. If you guys are right, if we can actually trap a ghost and hold it somehow, I think I could win the Nobel Prize. Oh, yeah. This could be bigger than the microchip. They'll probably throw out the entire engineering department and turn their building over to us. We're probably the first serious scientists to ever molest a dead old lady. "Get her?" That was your whole plan? You call that science? Hey, Lady? Lady! Can you talk? Who are you? This is not working. Think of something else. What do I say? What do we do now? It looks like a big pair of breasts and a pot belly. Uh-huh. I've heard about the rockfall, Ray. I think you've been spending too much time with Spengler. Looked at with your eyes. Ray, as your friend I have to tell you I think you've really gone around the bend on this ghost stuff. You've been running your ass off for two years checking out every schizo in the Five Boroughs who thinks he's had an experience. And what have you seen? Sure. That's great, Ray. I think you should get down there right away and check it out. Let me know what happens. Excuse me for a minute. Ray, I'm right in the middle of something here. Can you come back in about an hour?What's he talking about? Choose what? Stantz? You okay in there? Right. We'll believe anything. Well, has it ever occurred to you that the reason you've been so busy lately is because the dead have been rising from their graves? Yeah, Judgement Day. Right. And the sky would fall ... Ray, do you remember something in the Bible about a day when the dead would rise up from their graves? Me, too. Parts of the Bible are great. Do you believe in God? Me, too. Are you a Christian, Ray? Hey man. What is it you're so involved with there? Yeah, I heard that. Now tell me what you really do.