Stop! Stop. Be quiet. You'll not be bringing the church into this. What are you doing man? I'll be back when I can. That is not me. Of course. I am not ready for this. And you? But why be so concerned about me? I feel hardly nothing. I do not think I like the sound of that. What is the fascinatioon? It is only a leaf. You're no match for Scot, Mr. Romirez. We're raised as riders. If that was meant to be an ex- planation Mr. Romirez from Spain, I'm afraid you've failed. And what is this great gift that cannot be seen or smelt? It's like to kill me first. Impotent cow. Go to hell. Me arm hurts. Why? How can I stop such a man? But we cannot be killed. Aye. Why does he want to kill me? Oh my God. Oh my God I'm lost. Then they were right. I am evil. This is God's punishment. What is to become of me? Am I to wander the Earth forever like a ghost? This is monstrous. I'll burn in hell for all eternity. This can't be. No! This is madness! No! What? I'm twenty-two. I don't understand. He told me there could be only one. I don't know why. It is less. Yes. Always. You are the same? You know me home. Me name. You're a long way from Inverness. Why are you here? Pheasant. How can you know this? I was driven out. Aye. I did at that. I was nearly killed. Five years past me clan fought another over some- thing I cannot even re- member. I haven't much to offer, Mr. Romirez from Spain, but you're welcome to what's here. You're not from these parts. Aye. Afternoon. If you send me away now, Mara, I'll not come looking for you. You're not talking sense, Mara! I'll not take that kind of talk from you. From those others below, maybe. But not from you. You're sounding like that mad woman, Widow Baggins. That's mad. Surely you don't take their word? Who? So why the crazy talk? It's a miracle it is. Saint Andrew has smiled on me. On us. But I did live. What are you saying? I'm standing here as real as you. I don't understand. Not a week ago your father gave us his blessing. I'm your future husband, remember? Do you have cause to bothering us? Far away. Like you. What would you like?I warned you. Well, the cream of society awaits. If you're ever in the neighborhood... Uncle Joey's little girl. Can't get the taste out of her mouth. He'd want to know about all this. Taupin, isn't that the guy Moran picked up the other night? Find the father. That should clear things up. How old is Richard? Probably just some exec ducking an ex-wife. Maybe he's hiding from something.Anything in Maryland is close. Taupin, Richard Marshall. Born March 16, 1945 in Church Hill, Maryland. Received first driver permit 1967 in Philadelphia. -Okay okay. This is against the rules.You're the expert. Huh? Figured you knew more about swords than I did. Didn't look like it came from "Toys-Are-Us", that's why I called you. How's your uncle? I hardly ever see him anymore. This one came unassembled.He's a MacLeod. Aye. It is his duty. All of ours. Your grandfather wore that in his service to the King, and I to fight for the Duke. Ah, Conor, how you look a man.Your father must be smart. Where did you learn that? Thanks.Think we should call the local P.D. out there first? Won't know till the records department comes back with it this after- noon. Looks good though. They found the receipt in his townhouse. It was pretty smeared but had Taupin's father listed as a signatory. You'd think he'd had practice. Not yet. Called FBI yesterday. Thompson's going to try CIA this afternoon. Y'never know. We ran down that Church Hill info. She's right. There is no Richard Taupin. Figure she's with him?We learned he'd found the immigration notaries in Liverpool and traced them to New York. Then he figured out the birth records in Church Hill... None of this would be happening if you hadn't run... He got him. He always does. Eventually. The last four. Smith. Carl Smith. I don't know.You don't run as hard, MacLeod. You just don't run as hard anymore. The pressure only comes when you let the taste slip into your mouth. Tasting and enjoying life is the only thing of value we have. All else is just marking time. You're marking time. No, seriously. We used to shoot pool together in Rangoon. I knew his great-grandfather. I love zoos. Ever since I was a kid. -Since you last saw me. He always did. Good times then. A man could stretch his legs without bring- ing half the world down around his ears. Not like now. But then rides up Pope Pius who calmly brushes the dust from his papal cross, climbs off his papal horse, draws his papal sword and asks just what the hell is going on. And what did Neuvich, dear dear drunken Neuvich do? I'll never forget the look on that Papal commander's face when his "heretic stronghold" turned out to be a rock full of whores climbing all over Neuvich. Not tonight. Tonight I have a drink with an old friend. It is the gathering, my friend. The settling of old scores. Old habits die hard. Waitress! A round of Nitzhic! Peasant drool, I know. But it's the closest thing they stock to my side of the fence. How many places this side of the Atlantic serve lager and lime? Head still secure to the neck. Are you going to offer me a chair or leave me standing here all night? Spare a chair?Our common heritage. I am your only real friend, you know. The only one who truly understands you. I look forward to the day we meet again. And I kill you. Finish your prayers? Romirez is dust. I know you very well, Conor MacLeod. And I can see the truth beginning to make itself clear to you. Mulet, Romirez, they were fools without vision. It was destined that the board would be cleared for the real players. You surprise me. Eliminating a rival like that. Such are the actions of a man of conquest. I was mistaken. 300 years have turned the boy's fear into ambit- ion. Perhaps not. You seem to have misplaced a private. No doubt by now his head is stranger to his neck. It's all we have. State of grace and all that. Certainly not me. Get up. Perhaps Miss Cartwright would like to play. It's all we have. I have waited forever for this. You will not cheapen it, little boy. This isn't done. Get up. As you wish. You disappoint me. I thought you'd finally gotten over that sort of thing. MACLEOD! I do hope she enjoys a good show. Friend of yours? My quarry grows clever with age. And the others, incompetent. Long time.Yes laddie, I have her. Give me an address where I can forward Miss Cart- wright's head. I want you to come to me. We have some unfinished business.Not who. What. Worstick's a town in Pennsylvania. You always were hard to impress. I liked the bit you did about Baltic chastity belts. Too bad no one else did. Good way to lose your job. It's that important? You talked to your supervisor lately? He's burning up the place about you just dropping out of sight. That on top of the cops bugging him. Come on Brenna, your ass is already in a sling, don't drag me into it.Eat up Dupont. It will probably be your last. Won't get it. We are a sacrifice. A diversion. I doubt much can change that. The enemy has five brigades waiting for us. Complete your inspection?Happy birthday. You're very macabre. That stuff'll put you away if you're not careful.Don't be stupid, lady. Your neck can be sliced as fast as anyone else's. I have witnesses that can put the two of you together. What were you doing in Felton? Just for laughs we raided wonder boy's house. There was a gallon of one of the corpse's blood in his carpet. I think it was about then I withdrew his name for humanitarian of the year. I want Taupin. But we might just give it the 'ole college try. What with the court back ups, it could be days before you got an arraignment. But then, I'm sure the flunk-out neice of the D.A. knows all about that. You've been a busy little beaver. Especially with that records mess up in Church Hill. Your notes are very complete. Naturally my feelings were crushed when you didn't rush right over and tell us what you knew. In fact, we're considering book- ing the ambulence chaser as an accessory to murder. But there's more. Wednesday someone played javelin with the cemetary curator in Felton, Delaware. Some locals spotted two cars with D.C. plates and surprise surprise, they turn out to be registered to our own Brenna Cartwright and the ever popular Richard Taupin. All fashionably without heads. What are you going to tell them? That you're protecting a man who's killed four people? You and I should talk first. Well, the man of the hour that we all would like to talk to about now has apparently skipped town. And all of a sudden the Smithsonian's ambulence chaser is an expert on missing persons. I've got a morgue filling up with bodies. That's my right. A murder. No. I want this to be all ours. Round up who you can and put them on standby. Are you sure? Should have seen him the first night. Son of a bitch stood there with a quart of blood on his pant leg and didn't even blink. Any other I.D.s come up? Yeah. I want people in here to check over every piece of this stuff. All I need is time. Look, I don't know what the hell you're up to, but I think I've got a pretty good idea. A neighbor saw your car leave. Where were you Tuesday night? For the moment. It was covered with Mr. Fasil's fingerprints, but none of his blood. A claymore to be exact. You wouldn't know anything about it would you? Do you know what this is? You're wrong. What were _you_ looking for? Let's just say that in my years with this department I've seen more than one well dressed business man look for a hand job on 14th Street. Do you make a habit of hanging out in that neigh- borhood at night? Two days ago a Bulgarian national was murdered the same way. He'd also been in the country less than a week. What is your citizenship? He was carrying a Syrian passport and had been in the country less than a week. His name was Iman Fasil if that jogs your memory. Did you know the victim? Mr.- Taupin, what were you doing in that alley? This your present address?Just your pappy scared some. Yes sir. When you get older your priorities change. It's the simple things that count. Without them growing old can be a very lonely thing. Such a pretty day. If I live to be 90 I'll never tire of mornings like this. Mind you I'm 74 now. Morning Mr. North I'll send them right up. The resemblance is amazing. Sure take after him. Never seen a father and son look more alike. You're one of William's kids, huh? Oh yes, more than enough. When your father died I saw to it that the grounds were kept up.You see Major? You are not so different... You are really going to force this, aren't you? Who do you think I am? One of your freckle faced children waiting to die tomorrow? "Threaten you"? You and I just living will always be a threat. Forever. Look at your life, Major. Look at mine. Nothing there but threat. Threats and nothingness. It's what we live for. Stay out of it. It never changes, Major. Help? I've seen others "help". Somehow a head always ended up on the counter. We have no understanding. If you wish to play games, Major. Excuse me, "sir". I thought we spoke as equals. You seem to understand a great deal. Second musketeer. Staff sargeant detailed me to prepare firewood for the break- fast cooking. Mulet.Go ahead, Senor. I have my friend to keep me company. With the proper tools, Conor, a naive man can be much more dangerous than an evil one. You are young, inexperienced. You do not know what time can do. How it can sap all pity, all love. You must be. You have responsibilities. You must learn the rules. You can never attract attention to yourself, never show the side that will draw others to you. You will always know when you are in the presence of another. Beware. But more importantly Conor MacLeod, will be your battle against time. In the coming years you will see kingdoms rise then rot like wheat. People will become a transitory, pathetic lot. The only constant you will know will be the others and the tradition their greed and quest represent. But life without morality, without the ability to truly taste the sweetness of wine and love, is no life at all. That is how the others exist. Nothing more than walking corpses living only to slaughter each other in an insane quest to be the last. Keep your soul sewed to the earth. Do not become one of them. I am a small player. But if by helping you I can keep that monster from being the last, then perhaps my life has meant something. This power is divided amongst you, me, and others like cuts in a pie. But the cuts are not equal. Some, like you and he, have more. Much more. You have not been fully trained. But you will learn. And you will be good, I can feel that. You have apt- itude. This is why our friend is so concerned. It does not feel nearly as frightening as it sounds. But the consequences of such feelings can be very frightening. For it gives you great strength. The strength of _knowledge_. The ability to stand between the giving of what has always been to what will always be. As they age they contribute to a sum that is the kindling from which all future life comes. To feel it, to know it, is to be in touch with the will of every living thing. All living things pay dues, Conor. They must be respected for that. Point conceeded, Mr. MacLeod. The Fabric of life. The spark that allows the passing of existence from one generation to another. You have a gift. One you must protect. It will take less effort as you learn. Muy Bien! Oh, the boy has a mouth, now if only he had an arm. Harder! You swing like an impotent cow! Again. Try again. Harder. Concentrate harder. We are brothers. And you are a defense- -of sorts. Hide. Run to the ends of the Earth till you learn. You must learn to defend yourself. In this I can help. There is an imperfection. For all your healing, if your head ever leaves your neck, you are dead. You can survive anything but steel against your threat. Then it is over. The end. It is always less with my living. Far or near. But if I were to die the push would become stronger than ever before. There is power in this. And as long as you and I live, The Knight can never have it all. You recall how I spoke of the push you feel and how I make it less? You have done nothing wrong Conor MacLeod. You will live. Survive. You'd have to die first. Aqui. You are not dead, boy. Accept it. Three days you've laid there. It's time you ate. It is the truth. Listen to me. Hear the words. It is as you are. We are immortal. Conor, you and I, we cannot be killed. Not even a single lifetime. You are still so very young. Some cling to sanity through time with the one continuity and trad0 ition their lives have known: The Game. You and I Conor, we are different from all others around us. You know this, you can feel it. We are flesh and bone like any man, but unlike our neighbors we are rather difficult to injure, permanently. We are brothers. You feel you know me. Does it change with me in the room? Do you ever feel a flow, as if some- thing were pushing against you? When I was a boy a cart driven by a drunken fool crushed me. All thought I would die or be maimed for life. But I healed quickly. And like you I paid the price for being different. It was time for our paths to cross. In my travels I heard the story of the MacLeod boy struck down and brought from the hand of death by powers not of this Earth. I was sent by his majesty of Spain to Inverness as a con- sultant on matters of metal. You Scots have a way with game. It still has life in it. Spirit. Back home the food is so...domestic. Hmm, que rico. What is it you call this? First food, no? A good meal makes conversation so much easier. And now you live in a small village miles away from all you knew. I should imagine that your recovery must have alarmed your fellow villagers, perhaps giving them reason to invent an explanation. And a solution. And but for a mark you are well as any man, no? But you lived. Your marks would suggest great injury. Your back, it would seem perhaps you were injured in battle? Please go to no trouble. I am from Spain. And I would like a moment of your time. Juan Cid Romirez. Chief surveyor and alchemist. Your name is Conor?You see that desk? _Your_ desk? You see the crap piled up on it? Hang on a sec, you did your little favor for the boys downtown, I'm sure your uncle and the rest are perfectly capable of taking it from here. Why?It will be horrible. The future. I may die tomorrow or 10,000 tomorrows. I can promise you nothing. Nothing but a moment. Maybe two. But a moment of love, is that not worth a lifetime? Life is only life when it is bounded by death. The inheritance is death. The gift is the finality of life. To be part of the fabric. The inside. I love you Brenna. Life. It is the gift and the under- standing of life. Not power. Not control. The emptyness. The years and years of void. Nothingness. Bordered only by the quest for ultimate nothingness. Who would have guessed? I'll destroy you. I've destroyed everything I've ever touched! Oh God... Get out. I'm the last. Oh Christ, I'm the _last one_! I can't stand it. Oh God, I can't stand it! Be careful. Don't stay any longer than you have to. Gettysburg's an hour's drive at most. You should be back by nightfall. All of it finished. It's all the same. Half lives that never go away. Empty. And fear. Fear of those that would kill you and fear of those that would love you. It can never last, and in the end you always end up destroying both. Come here, Brenna. I haven't killed _you_. There are differences. Sometimes innocents become involved. Not the same. I didn't kill the watchman. Perhaps. There is something more. An inheritance. Sometimes I think it's just for something to do. A conquest to be the last. Something to hold onto while everything else around you withers and blows away. Some- thing to replace the love that can never work. He is older than I. Yes. I carried that rifle in World War I. This book is a 16th Century policy report for the King of Austria. The diploma is my con- ference of degree in Latin from Trinity College. Class of 1672. It goes on. That would be difficult to explain. You are a very perceptive young woman. Hardly a reason to run off with a murderer. I see. Why are you here? You won't. A factor of age. At least. No. Just the child of some lonely girl I gave a ride to. When they died I put them in a grave with my name on it. Twenty years later I became the son. Yes. Yes. Follow me. A little dusty. Here, try this. I suppose they're still making women the same as back then. Maybe it would do us both good. They do it each year. Yes. It will take some time for the forms to clear before you go to Gettysburg. I wish I could. There was a man once. Just a simple woodcarver. But he understood. More than anyone he could see to the heart of it. It never ends. Today is the same as the first. Tomorrow will be the same as today. So much time. And all of it wasted. You love history? The less exposure I recieve around government buildings the better. You, as Mrs. Taupin, will attract considerably less attention than I. The only real difficulty comes in changing over the ownership of property I've aquired. That requires certain records and most importantly a personal appearance at the county seat in Gettysburg. But that's where you come in. I go my way and you can write all you want about the big bad Mr. Taupin. Not all of them. Richard Taupin has become cumbersome. It would be best if he just disappeared. You are. Now. You've been listening to rumors. You're a fool. You had to do _nothing_! No one knows you're here? He sees me as a threat. Go home. You are being foolish. Why not? I'm sure they'd love to hear your story. Have you gone to the police? You? He's dead. Whatever I may or may not feel means exceedingly little to him now. That bothers you? Not your concern. You needn't worry Miss Cartwright. I've been at this a very long time. At the moment? Carl Smith. Where? Tradition. You'll be safe here. He won't kill in a church. I doubt that. Good day, Miss Cartwright. Miss Cartwright, you are involving yourself in matters that do not concern you. I strongly suggest you return to Washington and stay out of small town cemetaries. You have an active imagination. I don't know what you're talking about. People like that rarely leave business cards. Probably. Have you taken to touring small town cemetaries, Miss Cartwright? Good day, Miss Cartwright. -All but one out of a hundred, I know. All left to be led like donkeys back home. Now if you will please- Basil the II. Miss Cartwright, unless you have come here to sell the sword, there's very little I can help you with. Now if you will excuse me, I have a great deal of work to do. It's not mine. Miss Cartwright, what is it I can do for you? Yes. Yes, he was. My father taught me. Fish are creatures of habit. They like their food where they're used to it. At the top, hiding in old leaves. Here. The hook should go just below the head, where the meat is toughest. _Answer_ me. He knows I'm here. How? And the Bulgarian? How many came? What name is he using? Where! You're wrong. I've had a few more concerns. How do you do it, Kahn? How do you live so full of life for so long? You're insane. You were never a kid. I haven't drunk this much since- He found us even there. Had a great swing with his blade. For a Pope. Offered the Pope one of his whores. Neuvich, the clown of the crusades. It's good to see you, Kahn. And have you something to settle with me? What are you doing here? How did you find me? How are you? Sit. Kahn? Leave her alone. Go to hell. Tradition. What's the point! You have me, finish it! What's the point? Leave her out of this. Run! Of sorts. You've been here from the start. Not so long. Should I care? And if I refuse? Are you here? I've got all the time in the world. Except right now. If you will excuse me, Lieutenant. Do you? He's mistaken. Home. My condolences. A mystery. Your murder weapon? I presume it's a sword. That's none of your business. What are you getting at? American. It doesn't. No. I was walking by when I heard a shout. Your men came right after. Yes. Nothing to be sorry about. I'm sure that's true. No. Same. When may I expect the cleaners? We were very close. His only kid. The money in the estate was enough to cover your costs?-In nomine sanctus esperitu- -Auditorium nostrum- -Luceat ei- -Et lux perpetua- Requiem acer'nam donaei-But I had heard his wounds were mortal. I thought it only proper to pay me last respects to the family. I only just heard of Conor. I came up from Catroch as soon as I could.Call your mother. You never call her. Forgers do it all the time. They take the birth certificate of some- one who died young and use it to get legit I.D. Usually they carry it long enough to pass some bad checks then dump it. Don't they have enough for you to do at the castle? Aren't you getting a little old for this? You flunked out of law school. You're never "just curious". You've met my neice, Brenna. Forget it.