Where's your old man? Listen you little Asshole, I oughta -- Show me some respect, you little asshole. It's Special Officer Tannen to you. Well, well, he smirked when Marty opened the door. If it isn't the neighborhood bootlegger, Al Capone McFly?No.... Uh, yes, sir... I beg your pardon? Yes, sir!I don't know. National Cash Register? Third time they've been out there this week. Hot tip, Rubber Biscuit in the third race at Arlington. Marty. What's for breakfast?Oh -- I'm all right. Say, listen, about this dance Saturday night -- Uh, hi, Eileen. No! Eileen, Chinese food again? Coming, Eileen... Maybe if I used my left.... Oh. Uh... 'Hey, you! Get your damn hands off her!' George paused. You really think I should swear? You mean, you're gonna -- Why is she gonna get angry with you? Why? In the parking lot, with her. I'm going to be at the dance. But I've never picked a fight in my entire life! Look, Marty, I'm just not a fighter... I don't want to hit you in the stomach! 'Bike fine point?' Lemme see that. What is that? A pencil that writes in ink? Huh? Oh, no! That was for the cafeteria! This is different! What do I say? Well... yeah... Not now.... The sunrise? What for? No, Chinese food is fine. Good. Learn anything? What drill?What do you want, Biff? The day I show respect to Biff Tannen will be the day I win a million dollars... What's the matter, Biff, they're not showing you any respect down at the golf course? Don't they realize what a tough job it is keeping the criminal element away from the country club? What do you want, Biff? And you never heard of rock 'n roll? This is 1952....? I don't get it. How come there's no rock 'n roll? This... is the number one single? What's N.R.C.? Dick, what's with those guys out there in the gutter? Gimme some chili, fries, and a Tab. Morning Dick. You do? Well, Eileen...jeez, that's hard for me to say. Have you ever been in a situation where -- well -- you know you have to act a certain way, but when you get there, you don't know if you can go through with it? Uh, yeah, well, believe me, I sure feel like I know you! Oh, no, I'm fine...fine. Listen, Professor Brown told me you called last night and gave me your message... He comes out of the cafeteria line, he's nervous, he spills his corn, and he asks you to the dance! But he does! Don't you see? George! He's supposed to ask you to the dance! Yeah. Maybe so. What time does school start around here? School? I never thought of school! If I went to school I could blend in with everybody else, couldn't I? Oh, I'm feeling much better now. How could I forget? Oh, sure, I remember you. Uh, hi.... Huh? It's polyester. Uh, thanks... How old are you? Mom, how else are we gonna see the sunrise? Oh yeah. Fine. I was practicing. I've got an audition next week -- I gotta practice. How am I gonna get famous if I don't practice? No, George, just concentrate on the anger. Anger. Yes, definitely, god dammit George, swear. Then you hit me in the stomach, I go down for the count, and you and Eileen life happily ever after. Now, hit me in the stomach. Your line, George! George it's not your concern. Don't worry about it. Just remember that at 9:00, you'll be strolling through the parking lot and you'll see us -- struggling in the car, you'll run over, open the door and say....? Why what? Okay. So right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me - And where am I gonna be? You're not picking a fight, you're coming to her rescue. Maybe we'd better go over the plan again. Where are you gonna be at 8:55? How many times do I have to explain it to you?... We know you're not a fighter. You know it, I know it... but she doesn't know it. That's why we gotta make you look like a fighter, somebody who'll stand up for her, somebody who isn't chicken. And you're not gonna look like a fighter if you can't hit me in the stomach. You're not gonna hurt me. Just hit me in the stomach. Bic... It's a Bic pen. It was Marty's turn to be confused. Huh? Nothing. Look, I'll write it down for you, okay? Christ, it's a miracle I was even born! Say what you were supposed to say in the cafeteria. Okay, then! George, she's beautiful, right? She's nice, she's decent, she's the kind of girl you'd like to marry, right? And there's nothing in the world you'd like more than to take her to that dance, right? You've gotta ask her to the dance! Jeez, what do you think? To see it! Saturday night's the 'Springtime in Paris' dance. I'm taking Suzy Parker. Oh yeah. Fine.. The drill! The power drill I bought you for Christmas. I was using it last night. Dad, you seen the drill? Well, yeah, I was thinking, if cars are gonna be going two or three hundred miles an hour, they're gonna be using an awful lot of gas. Like, what if we run out? Who, me? Marty. Marty Lewis. Uh -- yeah. I'm new here, and I'm supposed to be in this class. Hey, Mr. Arky, gimme a break! I'm seventeen years old! I'm not responsible for all these problems! Yeah, explode it up your ass! You know damn well that's not what I meant. Not a holocaust -- What year? Operator, what's today's date? Oh -- right! Uh, Madison 3489. What? Operator! Listen, this is an emergency! I have to make this call, but I don't have a dime -- all I got is a nickel -- but you gotta connect me -- Pro! Release the rope! Yeah, Right. Home, school, here... What, am I radioactive or something? What's this all about? It's the most beautiful city I've ever seen! What is it? What theater was I at? Obviously! But if you didn't rebuild the time machine, how did I go back in time in the first place? 87 states? Time travel bans? What the hell? What do you call this? What year is this? Professor -- there are some doors that shouldn't be opened, Marty said softly, without turning around. Thanks for everything, Pro. It was sure nice of Uncle Sam to put those yardage markers up for us. Nope. My father's never clenched a fist in his entire life! Perfect... Professor, if something does go wrong tonight... if I don't get my parents back together... when do you think I'd cease to exist? That's just what I needed to hear. That's exactly what I said! I mean, a guy and his mother -- that's illegal, isn't it? Look. I'm a little worried about this -- this whole thing with my mother, he admitted to the Professor. I mean, I don't know if I can do it -- I mean, hitting on my own mother, that's pretty heavy. That's all taken care of. Jesus! Are you trying to tell me that my mother's got the hots for me? But why? Why would she do that? She's supposed to marry the guy! But that's impossible!! George asked her out! He had to! I saw him walk her home! Oh, God! Believe me, Professor, running around on a nuclear test site can't be any more dangerous than what I've been doing. I brought it with me from 1982. It's from my science book. Look, it's not a big deal! I can fix it! All I gotta do is get 'em together and make sure my old man asks her out! I know. Well, it was there. Oh -- that -- I found it in the closet. You're talking crazy! An atomic blast would melt me and the time machine in a matter of seconds! Professor, be serious, would you? Okay, Professor, I get where you're coming from. The way I look, the way I'm dressed... I'd stick out like a sore thumb. Hey, look, gimme a break! All I did was answer the door! How's that gonna change history? What if you lost your keys? You were ringing the doorbell! That's just great! Professor. Well, not exactly, Professor. You see, we don't point it at the sun. How did you know? Well, Professor, are you sure you want me to tell you? You know, changing the course of history and all.... The power converter... Oh. That expression probably hasn't been invented yet... I can get behind -- I agree with you. You didn't, Professor. It was an accident! You see, what happened -- Yeah, a shopping mall. You know, a shopping mall? Well, there's a mall here now -- I mean, there will be. Oh, yeah. Jeez -- this is where you used to live, huh? You must have been rich! Marty. Professor, you time machine works! It works! It sent me back in time! I'm from 1982! Professor? Professor Brown? Sure, he agreed quickly. All I know is you're throwing away an awful lot of money. So what? We'd be rich! Sure! Listen -- we take the racing results from today's paper... Professor, can this thing send Shemp back in time? Is Shemp all right? The plutonium! That's what I came over here for! Professor, where did you get that stuff? A time machine! Because of that Coke?! Now hold on a minute, Professor! Hold the phone. Are you trying to tell me that this -- all of this here -- that this is -- it's a -- a -- The future? What are you talking about? Where's Shemp?! Then where the hell is he? But Professor -- Catch you later! Jeez, for a guy with a ton of clocks, you sure don't pay much attention to time. Pro, the sun's out! Eight thirty. Nope. The way I figure it, doors are made to be opened. See you after school. That reminds me, if we could scrape up enough for a 35 film chain, I've got a connection with a projectionist in a first run house -- we could be sellin' new movies on the street before they're even in the theater. Professor Brown! It's almost eight thirty -- I'm outta here! What happened to Dick Wilson? Now who's being stupid? The guy who runs this place. Look, maybe I'd better talk to Dick. Is he around? Sure,. A Tab. Uh, yeah... Gimme a Tab. What did you do to your hair? Suzy! Hell no! The way my mom carries on about sex -- you even mention the word and she goes into cardiac arrest. You shoulda seen her face when I told her we were gonna stay up all night Saturday, he added. Always afraid something is going to happen. No way! Yeah... Jesus! I wonder how he ever got up enough nerve to marry my mom. ...He just lets himself get pushed around all the time! People walk all over him and he never fights back, never stands up for himself.Run out of gas? You're the only Mr. Lewis in this class. If you have something to say, say it so the whole class can hear. You have a name? Yes, that's my name. Who are you, young man? Are you supposed to be here? Unfortunately, the way things are going, you may get your wish. You may see the entire annhiliation of the world. If not, you'll certainly see the destruction of all out natural resources. We can already see the air we breathe, not to mention the pollution in our rivers and lakes. We'll see all of our oil reserves depleted, in fact, all of our energy sources. Yes, you people have a lot to look forward to -- a lot to see. All I can say is, that's one helluva attitude, Mr. McFly. 'Let's explode a hundred megaton Geothermal nuclear device, just to see it.' Mr. McFly here wants to nuke it all, just so he can see it! You'd like to see a nuclear holocaust?What?! Okay, Martin. You have a good evening now. Been any place unusual in the past twelve hours? No, no, not beyond an acceptable level. Have you been X-rayed recently, Martin? Good evening, one said. Agents Reese and Foley, from the Nuclear Regulatory Commition. Mind stepping over here?Nineteen fifty -- March 11th. I'm sorry, there's no answer. Five cents, please. Local calls cost five cents. What number do you want? Sir, it only costs a nickel. Operator...Pretty, isn't it? The Orpheum. But I told everyone your disappearance was due to a teleportation experiment you were helping me with. So don't mention anything about time travel to anyone. According to your girlfriend, Suzy Parker, you and she were at the movies. You went to the restroom and you never came out. Obviously, you stepped through an inter-dimensional time warp, created by the original operation of the time machine. You see, I never rebuilt the time machine after it was destroyed in 1952. I decided that experimenting with time and possibly changing history was too risky. Anyway, experiments in time travel were banned in all 87 states after the governor of Cuba caught Dr. Felstien fooling around in the Bermuda Triangle -- that was back in '64. A car. Hop in, Marty, . We've got a long drive ahead of us. 1982! March 18, just like we planned! My calculations were absolutely correct! Thirty years! God, I cannot believe it's been thirty years! Sure, it was a long time ago -- longest I've ever had to wait for the results of an experiment! Marty, I know I've repeatedly asked you not to tell me anything about the future, but....well, those loud bangs on the tape recorder....are they.... Professor Brown grinned. I guess I'll see you in... about 30 years. We're at one and a half miles, so you're just a little over a mile from where you want to be, Wait until minus 3 minutes before you go -- that should give you plenty of time, and it should be close enough to zero hour that they can't do anything to stop you. Park the truck at 800 and get in the refri-- the time chamber. Just be sure the nose of the truck is pointed at the bomb....the power converter will do the rest. Curious... Very curious. You didn't? It could happen at the moment you arrive back in the future, theoretically, it could happen at the moment of your birth...or conception. Actually, it could happen at any time. It's a question to which I hope we'll never learn the answer. There's no way of knowing. It'll be fine, Marty. You'll be fine. Good luck. He stuck his hand out and Marty shook it. But there was still a question that was nagging at him... Look, Marty, she's not your mother yet. And if you don't go through with this, she may never be. I know it's hard, but there are some things we must do in life that are unpleasant. Some choices must be made that are difficult. Nonetheless, we must make them. Besides, this may be more than a simple question of your own existence, he added. The fate of the entire space-time continuum may rest on your shoulders . Marty tried to smile at him. Nobody said anything about hitting her! You're just going to take a few liberties with her. Good. Professor Brown tested the tarp, noting in satisfaction that it was secure. I'll pick you up in front of the school at midnight. Don't be late -- we're cutting it close as it is. We've got a long drive ahead of us. In a manner of speaking, yes. And because of that, she's no longer interested in your father. Apparently, what has happened is that the maternal instinct has transcended the gap of time and this has caused an alteration in your mother's emotional behavior. My guess is that she turned him down. Your 'mother' wanted me to tell you that she was very impressed by what you did this afternoon, and that if you were interested in going to the dance Saturday, she's available. The test is this Monday! 15 megatons... Let's see, we need 4200 rads... You'd have to be...exactly 800 yards from ground zero... You realize that what we're going to do could be extremely dangerous. Where did you get this? You better make sure your old man asks her out, because if he doesn't, they may never have a first date. And if they don't have a first date, they won't have a second date. If they don't have a second date, they won't fall in love. If they don't fall in love, they won't get married, and if they don't get married, you'll never be born! You did what?!? Curious... Very curious.... I don't recall ever seeing it before. Say, where did this guitar come from? You forget -- time travel is instantaneous. The time machine would melt, but you would have already travelled through time. Of course, it's a moot point regardless. The only place atomic bombs are detonated is at the Army's Nevada Test Site, and those tests are kept absolutely top secret. I am serious. If we could get you, the time machine, and the power converter in the vicinity of an atomic blast, we could send you back to the future. An atomic bomb. Let me put it on a level you can understand. You don't belong here. You don't know anything about this world. You don't know the customs, you don't know how to talk, how to act -- you don't even look like you belong here. And if you walked out on the street, you wouldn't get 100 yards without being arrested. Then there would be questions, and where would we come up with the answers? I don't know, but I don't want to take any chances! Now you stay here and don't do anything. Don't answer the door, don't answer the phone, don't go outside. Understand? Then I would have figured out to get back in through the events in the natural course of history! Don't you understand? The fabric of history is very delicate. Anything you do could have serious consequences! I told you not to interfere with any of the events of this time! Nobody's supposed to see you here! What if I was a mailman? Or a salesman? You answered the door! 4200 rads... That certainly can't be generated under controlled conditions in this day and age. We don't.... Just a guess. I figured kids would still be drinking Coke in 1982. Blast it -- no, I suppose you're right.... You do know the proper chemical formula? Of course! The power converter! It works! Of course, it works... What chemicals do we use? On second thought, there may be some things you'll have to tell me. Pardon me? No! Don't tell me! I don't want to know the future! My knowledge of future events... your mere presence here... could have devastating effects on the course of history. And altering history is a responsibility that I do not wish to bear. My immediate response is to send you back to your own time. You've convinced me that you must be who you say you are. No living human has ever seen this machine. But why? Why even in my twilight years would I remotely consider sending someone back in time? A mall? Must have been? Used to live? I do live here. Uh, Marty Lewis! I almost didn't recognize him -- haven't seen him in years. He will be. Simple inebriation, is all. The young man must have a rather low tolerance for alcohol... something that runs in the family. You see, he's a second cousin of mine on my mother's side. Came quite a distance to visit me, he added. His name's Lewis. Ssshhhhh! You know me? The future, Marty, the future is everything! I built this machine to see the future. So I am going to send Shemp twenty-four hours into the future. You can assist me, if you like. Don't you understand? The mere act of sending matter back in time would change the course of events, and changing history is a responsibility that I do not wish to bear. Marty, that would alter history. A gold mine? Of course. Shemp is unaware that anything even happened, other than his stool suddenly falling over. We had to wait two minutes to catch up to him, but for Shemp the trip was instantaneous. Exactly two minutes difference... and it's still ticking! Why? Precisely! Shemp is right here in this room...two minutes from now, and at exactly 9:02PM, we'll catch up to him. The appropriate question to ask is when the hell is he! You see, Shemp has just become the world's first time traveller. I've sent Shemp into the future -- two minutes into the future to be exact. No, Marty. Shemp's molecular structure is completely intact! Get behind the shield! I'm about to release radiation! ...To be traveled through Oh, right, right... AM or PM? Oh -- Marty -- what time did you say it was? Did you ever consider that some doors are locked for a reason? A 35mm film chain... I'll see what I can do.... The power of a million hydrogen bombs! ...and we get twenty four measly volts. It's not fair! I've been working on this power converter since 1949, and you'd think in all that time, I could find the right chemicals that would efficiently convert radiation into electric energy! But no! Thirty three years of dedication and research, and all I've got to show for it is a bootleg video operation! Shhhhhhhh!