Nooooo. Believe me. There are no others...no rebels...nobody...it's over...it's ooooo.... To look...look for a place...a place to live in...an empty place...a... new...place... There are no...headquarters. There are no...rebels. Only the walking dead. Don't you see. They have won. The mainland...is dead...a dead place...nobody there... Two of us...only two of us...me...and him. NO...NOOOOOOO...SHOOT ME! SHOOT ME! SHOOOOOOOOOT MEEEEEEEEE!!! Please....shoot me. Please...senor...destroy me...one bullet...please. It can't be. Are we truly in hell? What do we do? Let'em know we're here....or what? It's some kind of....elevator. There must be something under the ground here....maybe....military. I dunno. Landing pad for a helicopter? I dunno. His madness....could be from shock. Leave him.You'd hold us back. We have to go on. Quiet! Are you alright, Doc? You look... you look real bad. The tunnel.Forever, darlin'. Forever. 'Til he turns ta dust and blows away on the wind. What is it? We're only about a quarter-mile from Cave entrance number five. We always planned to use it. We got some ground up already...but we could never find enough. Datura Metel. The Devil's Trumpet. Don't worry. I ain't goin' religioso again. It's a flower that grows on these islands. Where I come from the voodoo priests used it whenever they needed a Mickey Finn. It's toxic. Ground up you can put it in a drink or inject it...or...in a sealed area it might be introduced through the ventilation system. Datura. He's just finding another reason for bumpin' us off. Don't ya see. He needs us ta die. He needs our bodies. You disappear in here, darlin'. You get a knife in yer belly or too much shit in yer veins. You get lost out here and nobody's gonna notice. Rhodes, he counts on that. It all makes for food in the freezers. Farther than you think. You'll get lost. You will. And there's Bees all through the jungle. I ain't lyin' to ya. Religiosos don't lie. You think you can find your boat? There's a thousand little inlets and backwaters all through here. You remember all the ways you turned to get where you are now? You leave yourself a trail? That's why we didn't use prayers on this here white coat 'til after he was destroyed. We ready to fight when we have to. And we gotta fight now. I'm sure that's true, miss. And that's why we're doin' what we're doin'. What's happenin' underground here is just what Lucifer planned for this sinful race o' man. But we're gonna beat Lucifer. We're gonna put an end to what's happenin' here. That sounds like a curse to me. What is it if it ain't a curse? How we gonna break the curse without a prayer or two. I know you can. Like I said, we been watchin' you. Captain Rhodes and his Red Coat Bees. They could sting, sister. We know you came up against 'em. We been watchin' you since you landed. Couldn't help. I'm sorry for that. We ain't supposed to be outside. If we was spotted it could....well, it could be the end of everything. That's the man. He's been holed up here ever since the shit hit the fan. Him and his family owned these islands 'round here. They was leasin' this one to the Fed. The whole underneath is dug out. There was missiles here and laboratories and bomb proof housing, nuclear power, all o' that. Now this is Dickerson's....Gasparilla's... private fortress. Him and a bunch o' his cronies from all the best golf courses in Tallahassee...and his private army, of course. He was a pirate who sailed these waters long ago. His name is bein' borrowed these days by the long lost Henry Dickerson. Bees. That's what we call the dead... the walking dead...here on Gasparilla's island. What you wanna do? Come on. Let's go. I say it's poetic. Pure calypso, brother. The Devil's Trumpet blowin' the notes o' doom for the Devil's troops. Ha ha ha ha ha... Quicker than gas. And it smells a lot prettier. It usually don't kill but it puts ya under fer a good night's sleep. We know what's down there. We did the loading' and unloadin' when the stuff came ashore in the early days. A direct hit oughta do more than a few weeks worth o' damage. We're gonna blow up the powder magazine. We're hopin' you can show us where ta go, Toby. I say we got a boat. Can you get other stuff? We got a boat. What'dya tell that soldier, soldier? You tell him we was rebels? Maybe. The hospital? Ain't no place safe.Hmmmmmm? Oh, yes. Go on. Oh, yes. Quiet. Yes. We must be quiet. I know it hurts. But it won't be long. Then all the pain will be over. Oh, I wish you could hear me. GOD, GIVE HER THE EARS TO HEAR ME SO SHE KNOWS I DON'T WANT HER TO HURT SO! I have looked bad for four years. Everyone in the world has looked bad for four years. Thank God looks don't matter as much as they once did. What is it?No. You won't be able to do it. He will rise. He will rise and you... you will die. One day a dead man will refuse to return, and that man will be a saint. The first saint of our century. That's a prayer, too. A catechism. Something the priests tell us to believe. Prayers have no power to save. The knife can save. It can cut the disease away. The bullet. It can shatter the brain where the evil takes seed. These are saviours...our new saviours...our only saviours. No. The disease was cut away from me. I will live. I will live. He is dying. He knows it.How did you know we were on this island? Do others know? Will others come? Then why did you come here? Where are your headquarters, rebel? Tell me or I'll let you hang there forever...FOREVER! I don't believe you, rebel. Where are your headquarters? On the mainland? I'll bargain with you. How many of you are on the island? After hanging up there a few days you will be mad for food...crazed! You will lust for it! YOU WILL BE WORSE THAN ANY OF THEM! And if I don't? If I don't you'll come back after your death. You'll come back and find yourself hanging there...wanting to eat...needing to eat human flesh. You hate that thought, don't you? That's the ultimate sin for most of you fools, isn't it? Maybe. We'll have a little talk first. Then....maybe...I can help you out. String him up. The purpose of decapitation is to preserve as much...food...as possible. The purpose for feeding is to keep the beasts on our side. The fact that they can be taught to clean up our garbage or to fire a gun is a convenient side benefit, not the primary goal. The primary goal is to keep ourselves from becoming their supper. Keep them fed and they behave. Keep them hungry and they revert back to being the animals that they have always been. You saw them in there. They are brutes without feeling. Though I admit that I've requested cremation for myself. Burial is an archaic tradition, even more ridiculous now than it ever was. To say nothing of the...spacing problem...on a small island like this. Any dead whose brains are intact will revive. Sir. In the matter of the State versus Private Tyler, I don't want to... No, Miss Science. You're the one who needs to do some thinking. I had an unfortunate little run-in with him today. In fact...you might say that Mr. Tyler is in big trouble with the...authorities. Ah, yes, our noble Gasparilla does seem to favour you lately. I understand he assigned you a roommate of your choice. The rest of us have to pick names out of a hat. Oh, I have no doubt. And you're the one who builds the bomb and they says, 'I hope it'll never actually be used'. You can't run away from the planet, Miss Science. You can't even run away from the island, heh heh. They will never be satisfied with anything else, Miss Henried. They want human flesh. I'm prepared to take whatever steps are necessary to see to it they don't get mine! Not while I'm still using it! No wonder they're so....hungry. God has damned us all. Are my atrocities worse than yours? Come, come, Miss Science. You've seen worse. It's been fired. Let me see your weapon. You fired that shot, didn't you? Step up here, Tyler. I said, I'll take care of them. Just leave them there. Go help with the rest of the gear. No time for that. I'll take care of them. Where are you going, Tyler?Come on! That's the general alarm. Jesus! They musta got in! That entrance is closest to the labs and the Bee cages. If you could knock out the central communications room you could foul up their whole intercom system. Then, if you move fast enough, stay ahead of 'em...without bein' able to signal each other, they might have a hard time catchin' you. This stuff really works? No shit? A direct hit'll blow the top off this whole island! How're you gonna fuse the stuff? How're you gonna leave yourself time to get out? What? Oh, no. I'm tryin' to get off this island alive. I'll help you all I can but I'm not goin' in there on a suicide mission. What can you hope to accomplish? Some radios maybe? A supply room or two? You'll all be killed and in a few weeks they'll be back to business as usual. That place was built to withstand nuclear attack! What are you gonna do with a half-dozen guns and a few sticks of nitro? It won't work. That's pure nitro you're dealin' with there. That stuff can blow if you look at is funny. What're you gonna do, walk into the Cave carryin' those tubes on feather pillows? You don't have a complete layout of the place. Even if you manage to avoid a fight you won't know where to go. I got some fuel comin' out and, I hope, some automatic rifles. What? There ya go. Complete with air canisters...little motors. He's my contact for Chrissake! There's two crates. Can you get me into the hospital? Yeah. My stuff's all marked with red crosses so nobody gets too nosey. Meet me at the hospital after the supplies come in. Maybe we can find a place there to talk. I'm gonna have this stuff sent over to the hospital... Look...I know you have no reason to trust me. I've got friends in the Cave. I got some stuff comin' out this mornin'. I'm gonna try to get off the island. It's alright. I'm a friend. I need help and so do you. What's a safe place to talk? MARY! Mary. For the good of mankind. That's what every monster-maker says. Need what? Civilised order like we have down here? Christ! We're both gonna leave. Leave the island. I've been talkin' to Tricks. We think we can smuggle out one of those inflatable rafts. They're crated up real small. They've got air canisters. There's food inside. Even a little motor. Oh, bullshit, Mary. It's because Rhodes is a prick. That bastard. I didn't think he'd make his move so fast. Hey. Slow down. What is it? In the battle, sir. No, sir. Sir! Just....following procedure, sir. They're entitled to burial. My..."detail", sir. We're going to bury the heads. Tricks...Jesus... We need fuel, and a couple automatics. What'dya get? Hey, Tricks. Some detail they got you on....but most of all because...they offend Thee, my God...Who art all good...and deserving...deserving of all my love... I detest all my sins...because... because of Thy just punishment... because of Thy...just...punish... Aaaaaaah...my God...my God...I am heartily sorry...for having offended Thee....offended Thee... PULL IN! GET THE OTHERS. I tol' him. I tol' him this is a dead place. Like all the others.I'm alright. Let's go. Rafts. Two 38s. A little ammo. Not as bad as yours, pal.