Where have you been ? What happened to your wallet? You bastard! Stop acting like a silly little fag! You've got a date right here , Andy. This has got to... You're fired. Oh, God, I forget. Yes. Yes. You go. Poor thing, you ought to get out. Get out! All of you! None of you know anything about it. Now go. And Andy, if you persist in playing doctor, leave, with them. I can't, Andy. About what? Reminded me that I used to be attractive. That men used to want me... I want to die. Oh, God. I must have looked horrible. But earlier, he was staring up here. Please , Andy. You parked right behind him. The one I noticed earlier. I didn't say anything, I thought he'd leave. Just take a look. Andy? Monsieur Andy, disapproves of my coiffure? Oh God. I'm really crazy. Andy? When a three-year-old says there's a monster under the bed, you don't say 'forget it'. You look under the bad. I'm three years old. Call the prison. He whispered, but it was him ! I know it was him! I had the dream again. And I got another call. This time he spoke. He said "You and me, you and me." I've told you: I can't afford to garage it. I got it myself... I couldn't wait. Where were you? Don't tell me. It's just under seventy, right? The sun is strong but the air is dry and fresh... Yes. I believed him. When he was seventeen. He told me he had done two others just like it. The first two murders. The same as the first time... He took pains to hide his actions because he knew they were morally wrong. He was not acting on mad impulse. He was sane and acting out a pattern he carefully followed every time. Because people who are suffering from aural hallucinations hear voices in both ears. Daryll Lee told me that Joan of Arc always appeared beside him on his left side and spoke softly in his left ear. I thought he was lying. He was lying. The test criteria are only part of what we look at in evaluating subjects. Yes. Without question. In jail. How was Conrad supposed to find Kurten? Where did you send the message to Peter Kurten? I think whatever is best for you, Daryll. And maybe you're right, that's the place. I don't know. I'd like to know where he is. Ah ha. What did he want? I will. I'll call you, Daryll, and talk to you about it after I've read it. Right now I have a question... Peter Kurten. I'll look for it, Daryll Lee. What book? Hello, Daryll Lee. Do anything you want to me. I give myself to you. Only put the knife down. Isn't this what you always wanted? I know it's what we all want, to love and to loved. I could love you. You could work together in some safe place, learn to really understand you, help you, give you some peace of mind, some happiness... That's not who I admire -- I admire people who are good at what they do, great artists, writers, thinkers... I have no life anymore. I ruined your life, make me pay for it. Do it. If that's what all this carnage is about, then do it. Have enough guts to do it. Kill me, Peter, do it, now. Where it began -- McCluskey Auditorium. Yes. I do. I want it to end now. Let her go. I'll come -- just let her go. She's not important. You've been perfect. Don't spoil the symmetry -- you have to have a male cop. For God's sake Peter, leave her out of it. You don't want her, you want me. You know I can't do that. It's Daryll Lee Cullum, isn't it? Where are you, Peter? Who was the man in the basement? Why can't I drive home? I will. You. Look at you. You need a ride home. And you don't even know it. If there's a one percent possibil- ity, can you live with yourself when he kills again? He hasn't done Bundy. He's done every one of the others, hasn't he? If there are three dead Chi Omega college girls tomorrow, how will you feel? Go there. See if there could be any way for him to escape. They never kill themselves. How do you know it was him. You never met him. You never even saw a photograph... W-We had a fight. I called him... called him a name... I am not going to talk about it. How do you know it was Andy if the head was gone? Where is the head? Are you looking for it? Oh, God, why him? Because of me. I can't talk about it. I write about things like this, stuff it all in books and bury it in libraries. This is the first person close to me who's ever died. And it's because of me. This monster killed him because I loved him. Out. Where does he go? Nowhere. What does he do? Nothing. Maybe you should... Yes. Dahmer! And after that... The University computer is down for maintenance, but I've been going through my own notes... Who's the married man? You're exhausted. Let me get you a brandy. He felt sorry for me. It was so nice to flirt. He was a darling man. What happened to you?! You do that one, I don't want it... Let's speed up the game plan... call all the living serials to ask if they've had contact with a Peter Kurten. We could use some help on the phones... '...great dark hall of fame... all our greatest killers...' His greatest heroes ? He wants to be famous. When they're caught and people like me write about them, we give them a kind of immortality. They get thousands of letters. Ramirez kills eight women and gets a hundred marriage proposals a month. They're like film stars. It's not chronological: Son of Sam was before Hillside. They weren't going to show it to me?! The arrogance! It's my life ! What I can't believe is that in an earlier life I slept with him! Christ! Any God that loved his people would give women a rewind on their life and an erase button. Just give me a minute here. The letter is addressed to me... You don't feel fear, do you? You're young. You feel like you'll live forever. How wonderful. They put Merry Saks on it?! Look in the crowd. He liked to hang around and watch the cops at work... One of those goddamned car alarms. What's going... What's that music. It's Abba. I can hear it. It's Abba. Why should I trust you? You betrayed me! Now every psychopath in the city knows I'm back in business... You lied to me! This one, yes. I was always curious about these twisted little souls, but this is the first one I've felt personally terrified of. He's something new and unheard of. I don't know what he wants. Who's going to catch him? You? And if you do, there'll be another one. And one after that. Ah, if you knew that, you'd be half way to nailing him. Serial killing is irrational and rigid and compulsive. This guy has a plan all thought out, flexible and complex. He's playing a game with us. Who will he imitate next? Maybe he's doing all the serial killers in history, the great innovators, the murderers' hall of fame. Just to prove he's better than all of them. They got caught; he didn't. It's what Bianchi and Buono injected into one of their victims. Consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds. Tell them to test for the chemicals found in Windex. That's a product for cleaning with... Is that it? There were needle marks. But no drugs in her blood. Please thank Inspector Goetz for taking care of me last night. Ruben. That little Winona Ryder manner... you're more convincing as Clint Eastwood. Have you got a warrant? Get the hell out o here! This is the only space I have left in the world ! Why can't you leave me out of it? I turned it off. It's like an open window he can climb right in... You're saying it's the same man, but he's changed his style? That doesn't happen. These men are robotic; the murder is like a ritual. The method itself is part of the pleasure... Then what do you need me for? That's no surprise. He's going home. He slept over because I was a little anxious... Because I'm his damned pin-up girl! His, all of them! They know me. They're in prisons with libraries, they collect clippings, I'm their worthy opponent. You keep my name out of this. It's anybody connected to author- ity. They write, they even knock on your door. They're fans . It thrills them to flirt with getting caught. She probably let him in the door without a thought. Where are their mothers?! Where are the mothers that are supposed to teach them to be wary and to tough and not afraid to fight? Maybe that's why you can't catch him. I know what she looks like -- the red-headed woman in my computer. I am not going to look at any more pictures. They're like a disease. They get into my head. I can't get them out. Show what? It's gone. He wrote a self destruct virus into the code, so it would only play until we try to copy it. Then it erased itself. Gone... Do you remember what you saw? One officer already got killed trying to protect me. Please, just take it all away. Leave me alone. It's too big a file to copy to a disk. Look at the bottom of the screen. You see the icon with the arrow pointing left? Click on that... twice. If you knew why, you might know where to look for him. I don't envy you this; he's not done -- he's going to do them faster and faster to keep the adrenaline rush. Now, I've done what you asked me. I sent Andy out on murder missions. For God's sake -- it's the Boston Strangler, Alber deSalvo. He used their own stockings to strangle them. Tied in a bow-knot. Where are the stockings he strangled them with? The bodies have been carefully arranged... different positions, but somehow the same. The positions are brutal... yet quite... artful. It's like... a signature. He's proud of his accomplishments. There are early Picassos and late Picassos, but you always recognize the hand. He wants us to recognize his hand. I've seen this hand before... what are you hiding? He felt remorse. He covered her. It was a lover or a husband. Someone close. Somebody who knew her and cared about her. Is it an ongoing case? Will you go. Andy, make them go. Inspector Halloran, that is so much bullshit, you don't like or admire me, but the beautiful part is I don't give a fuck. That's the upside of having a breakdown. Oh, my God, no! I'm a clinical hysteric, with panic syndrome, and anxiety neurosis, agoraphobic, I'm afraid of everything, real and imaginary. I never leave this apartment now. Nobody ever comes here. I just wanted to get your attention. I write and I used to lecture on these crimes, but... I'm not competent. Well, let's thank God you and Inspector Goetz are on the case, then. Yes, I did. Poor impulse control. The accounts of the firs two murders made it so clear they were the work of the same man, but you kept announcing they were unrelated. You'll never catch him that way. You don't admire me. No police admire me. I got one of you killed. Why don't you say right out what you're here for? What calls? I haven't made any calls. If he's not out, why are they here? Is he out? I think this is number three... You're calling me a crank? Who is this? What else? They taught me at the FBI. I was very good at it. It scared me... I liked it. He was in my apartment! Why don't you shoot off the lock? Go and look for a note. Is there a phone booth there? Listen to me. Is there a gas station nearby? Don't hang up! She on the passenger side? It's a woman shot in a car? Will you stay? Please? I'm afraid to sleep... I don't want... him ...in my head... The lock... Don't let go... I can't breathe... I'll die! I'm falling! I'm going to fall! Well. Another time, then. I'll be all right. He's not going to attack me; what I' m rally afraid of is all in my own head, Ruben. Are you always so bold? You and MaryJane aren't lovers. That would be much appreciated. Thanks. MaryJane. You think that logic and police procedure, order and science and method will hold back the horrors of a world gone mad and the sickness of the night. I did once. But you know how he'll get caught? He'll have an accident, or some cop will get lucky. You can't catch him by being intelligent and working hard. Or the worst: there are dozens of women slaughtered in the most horrible way, month after month. The news stories grow more grotesque and bizarre and in the city people lock their doors and windows, and hurry home before dark. And then, one day, there are no more. What happened? Did he just stop? Get tired and disgusted and decide not to kill any more? Did he kill himself? Did he die in an auto accident? Or a fight. Or get sick and die? It's like the murderer walked off the edge of the earth. And you never know. But you keep asking yourself -- when you read about a new murder -- is he back? I know 'Halloran.' What's the rest of it? He's brilliant. This one is brilliant. It's gone. The file's not here. What did you do? It's a game they like to play. Berkowitz -- "Son of Sam" -- hung around the crime scene, talking to the cops. This one's probably watching you , laughing at you. He can get into my computer any time he likes! This is exactly the kind of thing I didn't want to have happen. That computer's wired into INTERNET. In the sixties. He's dead -- stabbed to death in prison. Somebody is imitating his m.o. Look for a plumber or carpenter or handyman; that's how deSalvo got in the door and caught them off guard. I don't want this. What are they? You were the one that talked about moonbikes and called me a crank? Oh God, I am ! Make them some coffee. Halloran, is it? Investigator Goetz? I had a crank call myself-- he said... I thought it might be Daryll Lee Cullum. I thought he might be out of prison. He wants me, he doesn't care about her. Let me... He's got Sergeant Halloran in there. He'll kill her the minute he sees or hears your people... Merry, how... oh, Christ, of course, you had my phone tapped.Tell her about what ? Tell her we're sorry we bothered her. We'll get the paramedics... You talked to me. Do you remember? Investigators Halloran and Goetz. I apologize for Goetz, he's a firehouse dog. What Friday? You already made the delivery? You were going to make a delivery to Peter Kurten for Daryll Lee Cullum. I want Kurten's phone number. Doesn't work that way. You had your chance, now fuck yourself... You don't listen very good. This break in -- I can call it a felony -- three strikes, and you got about sixteen strikes already, and you're in jail for the rest of your life, no parole. Or I could see it gets forgotten. Shut up -- I'm talking. You got felony breaking and entering, burglary, felonious... Cut the crap. You got a sheet the length of my arm... Inspector Halloran. Homicide. You were supposed to contact a Peter Kurten? Well, thanks. Oh, shut up, and don't be so damn self righteous. This has been the worst 48 hours of my life. I'm going home. I'm going to try to get drunk. Helen -- let go. You've got to let go. Helen. I saw him die. I saw him burning on the basement stairs, he never reached the top. Christ, Helen. The first time, we're ahead of the son of a bitch! I can't leave you like this -- and there's no time. Knock yourself out. How many do you need to sleep. Really sheep? I've got to go. I've got to go. I'm working on it! It's what I do. Quinn...Halloran. I'll wait. Where's Andy, can we get some coffee in here? Bundy. That's the last one in your speech... Look. There's the order: you wrote it: DeSalvo, Bianchi & Buono, Berkowitz and Dahmer. It's going to be Dahmer next. Which means he'll kill a man. What does it matter? This guy, you checked your course records, who signed up? Where's the john? Let me clean up this mess, and get back to work. A man? I thought he was a boy. This last Christmas was the happiest Christmas I had in the last ten years... you know why? It was the first Christmas in six years I was not in love. Son of a bitch married men ! Who cares about marriage, the bed just gets crowded and noisy?! I just thought it was so -- unprofessional. Of you both! Ruben's dead. So stupid, a cop thing, a crazy kid and a buncha dumb mistakes... I'm sorry... because you and he... They're not talking to me. Saks looks right through me. I ask him for some bodies, for the phones -- he's so encouraging: "you make that your little job." Condescending bastard. Helen, on your lists to call is San Quentin. Daryll Lee Cullum? They get fan letters... It's also the major piece of evidence, and it makes you a key part of his plan. You can't run away from it anymore. Look at the order he's doing them... He did three as the Boston Strangler just to tell us a copycat serial killer was at work. Then he did one like the Hillside Strang- ler. And then one as Son of Sam. To lead us on -- to where and what end? And he's doing more than that -- he's imitating each killer's method as closely as he can -- in details. Injecting Windex. Using .44. Playing Abba. I put my ass on the line, giving you that. He said to send you his regards and to tell you that the Bureau holds you in the highest esteem. Ruben's gone to look... It's banged up but it looks like a .44. It's Son of Sam. Is it Son of Sam? What's that siren? Helen, hang up, let Ruben get on with his work... Because I'm all you've got. I did not; the Mouth -- that's what we call Susan Schiffer -- got it on her own. Halloran. I'm giving you Clint outside. You're afraid of him. He'll get caught. If he has a plan that'll be what trips him up... Injected Windex! Why would he switch to a new m.o.? I know Windex, for God's sake, I clean my own windows... That's not consistent... You said they never changed their style, they're robots... That's exactly... I could have taken that same picture, this morning. So far nothing they test for comes up positive. Hello, Ruben... So that's that... Clint is putting a guard on you. But if you swear to leave the computer on, Winona will assign him to the hall outside. Helen -- the killer directly contacted you. His interest in you is intense . I'm worried about you. I don't want to lose you. I know this stirs up every monster under the bed, but this is the only direct contact we have with him. The only chance we have to trap him. So, you can turn Internet back on, or I do, and we put somebody here on a 24 hour shift and you can kick, scream and hyperventilate. He comes in the window, we maybe grab him. Where's the on-switch? Who turned off the Internet computer... She was killed somewhere else and dumped outdoors in an empty lot. Where it says "no dumping." Her legs pulled apart in a kind of sexual pose. It's all different but it seems so -- the same. Artificial and posed ... Something's wrong with it. But it's a different m.o. We've got another one. I want a guard on you. I'm worried about leaving you alone. That's amazing. A whole new book, thought up in a minute. Very good. All I know how t do is get up, take a shower, and go to work. Hope, if he does another I'll nail the son of bitch, and they'll spell my name right in the newspaper. Where is Andy going? Nobody knows you have anything to do with this case; nothing has been on TV or the news... Why would he want to get in your computer? Look at the sign. 'Hell'? In the Festival of Love? You make any sense in that? I just came from her... here's what you haven't seen. I don't look at pictures. I look at the real thing . I don't feel infected. We'll show that to... He won't. I'm going to put a guard on your door. Can you make a copy we can show on our computers? How do you know that? Work with me. Why imitate a dead serial killer? How did you know they were stockings? Nothing. How do you know that? For months... last October. You can't go out lecturing? Tough shit. Women are dying. Where can I lay this stuff out? Well, it's a hell of an apartment you got here. I'm living one step away from the projects, myself, but I get to go to work every day, wading in blood and guts. I guess the books you wrote about these sons of bitches paid off pretty good. I think you are. I really admire everything you've done; it would be an honor to work with you, and we need all the help we can get, especially yours. Would you want to work with us on this? Sugar and cream for Goetz; I take mine black. You're absolutely correct. The politicians don't want panic headlines spoiling the Festival of Love. You called us , Doctor Hudson. I want to tell you it's a great honor to meet you and talk to you. Because of your phone calls. Who? Ring the gong, he goes. Poor impulse control. That's an opinion, not evidence... Do you have any evidence to report, ma'am? Do you know any of the victims... No, ma'am. This is no joke. And neither is tying up telephone lines to police with crank calls while people in trouble are trying to get through for help. Inspector Halloran, Homicide. I'm in charge here. Okay. How come you're so up on Dr. Hudson? She takes tranquilizers her doctor prescribes. Sir, Doctor Hudson and I see a pattern develop... Someone broke into her place last night. It wasn't connected to our case, but it shook her up pretty bad so I haven't... Over here. Who came in after you? Whatever it is, I'm gonna find out and sooner is a hell of lot better than later. You touch anything, Mike? Pick up anything? Use the doorknob? I don't want to find your prints on anything later and you tell me you forgot to tell me. I'm over here? What's your name, Officer? Just horseshit luck. You're in terrible trouble, Nikko. Quinn will be here any minute. What are you going to say? If this is just the dump site, where did he do the job? Where did he pick her up? God, you're cute when you're mad. Don't put yourself down like that. I never used you. I worked my way up like a marine grunt! Well, you outranked me , Nikko. You got that right, Nikko, it's none of your business. Oh, I know. Maybe it's something you did in this life, Nikko... Because it's your job, that's all. I'll talk to Conrad myself. I'll be in the jail when you wind this up... Don't try to lie, Ruben. You don't have the face for it. I need you to help interrogate the burglar in Hudson's place... Helen... excuse me, we... Bunch of Swedish women. You're too young. The woman's unstable. You could wind up with a harassment charge. Anything . You're like some horny little teenager. You damn well better start working on that impulse control. A woman who is implicated in this case? Someone who's practically a piece of evidence ? Now listen up, Ruben. You never, never, never mess with somebody inside the case! Get the pictures, and casts of footprints. Yeah, everything's different. Ruben, my God, I ought to put you on report. Look at her legs. What about her arms? Quinn decided we should form a task force -- they're all one case, now. He wants all the senior detectives on it... She wasn't killed here. My promise. Why would he send this to Helen Hudson... Let's get out of here... Tell it to your shrink. Honest to God, Ruben! He's just mad he let me keep the espresso machine. We heard from Doctor Hudson? Order Chinese for us and meet me the library? Anything but beef. Sure. She likes you , Rube. She likes the way you move. She sure as hell isn't in love with me. Snotty neurotic bitch... Get Mercer to run the medical, dental, legal bills, laundry and dry cleaning receipts, extermin- ators, mailmen, grocery and drugstore deliveries, handymen, plumbers... You're good enough you'll never have to kill anyone. I joined the cops to save lives, not waste them. Answer it. My third grade teacher at the convent shot better than that. She's in no shape to give her statement tonight... That was Bundy. He killed forty of them, identical, long hair, parted in the middle, alike as Barbie dolls. ...this is hopeless. Let's try to get time for a police spokesman to appear on college radio and TV hookups and broadcast a warning? You want mine, too? You take his, you take mine. I'm the one fucked it up... Give me Ruben back... Or the F.B.I.? I'm gonna drop charges on the break-and-enter at Hudson's... The prowler in Hudson's apartment turns out to have a meeting with a suspect... I gotta have Ruben, and a... Give him that pompous son of a bitch. If this is a first step in kicking me off the case, just tell me, to my face, sir, don't waste time being diplomatic. What does this mean? Now we got the FBI, my team is expendable? I'm working my ass off, is anybody listening? Why Ruben, anyway? He and Nikko don't even get on together... Because I think I'm wrong. Helen Hudson... I'm sorry it had to come to your attention. I am dealing with it. You're damn right I do. It's not the same guy. It should be a self-solver. No bow around the neck, left and body outdoors, completely different. The others were housewives, secretaries, he talked his way inside, killed them in their own living room or bed- or bathroom. This one didn't have a husband or a boyfriend, no family, temp waitress, 3 arrests for misdemeanor dope offenses, DUI, asphyxiation probably from a plastic bag over her head. Sexually assaulted. The others weren't molested that way. We're waiting for the sperm tests... We could use a little help. Oh, maaaaan?! So. Do we tell the media and hope for somebody to come forward with information? I'm checking out anybody who lives like DeSalvo. Records of arrests for rape, especially by a man wearing green. Checking out psychiatric hospitals for his personality profile. Cross check- ing names from arrests for sexual offenses, public fondling. If they've got a German wife. We can keep cops working on this kind of junk for years, and this guy's going to hit again, soon. Don't swear at me because we got problems. I'm just giving you the news. I went to a Catholic school; I'll tell you what they teach. On the knuckles they teach. Yessir. I have reflected on that, sir. Which explains my gushing deference to you, sir. Yessir. That's always your privilege, sir. Anybody in this department ever worked a serial killer case? She's the expert. I need help. What clues? I'm going to work Helen Hudson. The same as the firs two. Definitely a serial. Good. Right. Right. Am I in charge of this thing? Or not. You messed with the scene. We're going to review all the evidence carefully before making any statement... Detective Niccoletti? You messed with the evidence. I just got here. Talk to you later... I just got here myself, Susan.Inspector, will you confirm somebody is copying the Boston Strangler? This is the fourth, is that correct? What's this about the Boston Strangler, M.J.? ... third Bay Area woman has been strangled, but the police continue to deny that this is the work of one killer. Lt. Thomas Quinn declares that the murders will be treated as unrelated crimes, unless new evidence... ...confirm this third murder adds up to a pattern? Do we have a serial killer on the loose in the city?That's what I don't know. Why would you lie? That's the problem... I can't understand why anyone would lie. She doesn't lie! You sure you fed her? See, now you've annoyed her. You know she doesn't like you to touch me. Does she, widdle wee fing! Wuhve you so much! Did you feed her? You know I don't like to watch talk shows by myself. Where're you? Put in the Kevin Costner.