Sam! Hey, Sam, wait a minute! I just want to say good-bye. Uhhh, Betty. The concierge. Your  boss. Yeah, sure. I just want you to know, from the  owner and all the staff, your fifty  years of service have been an  inspiration to us all. You're a legend  in your own time, and the Mon Signor  will never be the -- Yeah. Oh, hi, Teddy. Ready to start  the night shift? Well, let me buy you a drink. You're not an alcoholic, are you;  one drink won't kill you. After fifty years, Sam retires, and  you're taking over the night shift. You're filling some mighty big shoes. Sam was a legend in the hotel  business. A bellhop's bellhop. He ran the night desk for fifty years,  all by himself. No desk clerk. No night man. No help.  Just fuckin' Sam, and his wits. And you're gonna do the same. Tonight. Yes, tonight. Yes, you can. Oh night shift -- smight shift. I know, but I can't. I'm having a New Year's Eve party. Actually, I'm not having it. My  roommate is. And there's this guy.  German guy. He's gonna be there. And  so am I. Oh, sure ya can. Sam ran this place by himself for  fifty years. Look, Teddy, calm down -- Ted, the night's cake. It's easy.  The day's when it's busy. During the  night there's nothing to do. Which'll make it less busy than  normal. Ever worked on Christmas?  Unless you sell turkeys, business is  dead. You just got butterflies, that's  all. Okay, let's calm down a minute. Slow  it down, cool it off. Let's just  talk. -- Ted? I thought we were calming  down? I thought we were cooling off?  No hostility. Say good-bye to  hostility. We're just talking. Ted, in a nutshell, all you have to  do is hold the fort. It's New Year's  Eve. Most of the guests are going  out. You'll just be giving them a  little nod as they come staggering  in at three... four... five... in  the morning. Nobody's having any  parties, a few get-togethers, but no  parties. You got about three people  checking in tonight, that's it. The  only variable is Chester Rush in the  penthouse. Yeah, him and his entourage checked  in last night. They're in the  penthouse. The only reason I refer  to it as a variable is that he's a  movie star. Ya never know about movie  stars. I'm tellin' ya, Ted, it's  cake. And look, if you have any problems,  call me at the party. Great -- Fifty bucks! One, Horst is not a Nazi. Two, that's  not a fair price. You're taking  advantage of the situation. Twenty  bucks. Now, twenty bucks is a fair  price. Okay, but don't be a pussy. You don't  bother me unless it's an emergency.  In fact, for fifty bucks, you better  not call me unless the fuckin'  building's burning down. Get ready to take the desk.  Pleeze be careful -- my God. You  have no idea... I'm usually a good tipper, but this  one -- this cab driver -- he had  green all around him. I don't like  that in a man. Something like that. I see purple... in your face, and... ...you're okay. Athena Z. I will only need to stay till sunrise. With gold. Well -- the other bag -- I need it. The White Cliffs of Dover. The others will be coming soon. Send  them, pleeze. I been in dis' place many New Year's.  So... you send the others to me,  huh. Go now. On this night, oh great goddess Diana,  we restore your virgin flesh and  bring you back to real life. Soon -- I take you to the pond for a  cleansing. Well, it's a swimming  pool, but it will be under the setting  sun, okay? I... we... have a reservation. Kiva! Wait up, gawd! I had to get supplies  for this boring ass night. We have a reservation in the Honeymoon  Suite. What'd I tell you about smoking? You smoke. That's right -- I smoke, and I'm  addicted to it, and I don't want the  same thing to happen to you. "Hello -- welcome to this week's  edition of the Hypocrite of the Year  Award --" Kiva! That's enough -- You're not my mother! Yes I am. Then why're we sleeping together? Well... I didn't mean it... literally.  I... I happen to be the only one  who... cares about you -- Please -- take us to our room! Flea powder. One of the others is  bringing her cat. You're gonna have to wait in the  other room. Why? Because I said so. I'll watch TV. You can't watch TV because the noise  will interfere with our ritual. Okay... Mommy. Soon -- our goddess will come. I  will go get her negligee. What are you doing! Have you no  respect -- who -- who is dis girl? Kiva. My friend. Kiva, turn off the  TV! I can't leave her at home --  she's on probation and I gotta keep  an eye on her. Well, Elspeth, your friend cannot  stay here during the ritual. She may  be one of your kind, but she is not  one of us. She stays!! Or I go -- along with my  offering! TURN OF THE FUCKING TV, MAN! Make me... Let's not forget -- I am the High  Fucking Priestess. Deal with dis  girl! Tell me -- did we have these problems  in Salem? I don't think so... Kiva... you know what I love about  you? Your sweet side. And what do I get if I'm sweet? You get whatever you want. And you  know what else I love about you? What? Your nose. And I saw you checking her out. Oh you little stinker... oh you sweet  little muffin. Yes... Mama loves the  baby. Well, this is just darlin'! Just  darlin' Hi-dee, girls... Toodle-loo. Well -- I see Elspeth has herself a  new lil' fool -- what the hell is  she doin' here on our night of annual  ritual? I have sanctioned her presence, as  long as she behaves. Come on -- there  is more work to be done to welcome  our great Diana. I WANT ROOM SERVICE!! Why do I always attract girls who  are looking for a babysitter? Well now, honey, maybe Juvenile Hall  ain't the best place to find serious  relationship material. Oh... yes... I'm late. Oh... no, that's all right. I can  carry them by myself. Well gosh -- thank you! Tell me, how long have the others  been here? You are very late, Eva. I'm sorry, Athena. I was attending a  birth and the placenta was late in  coming. Oh, wait, lemme give you a little  more than that... Which birth is more important to  you, that of a mortal or that of a  goddess? All life is precious... but I do  apologize for being late, Elspeth. Back home, they jist yank on the  umbilical cord, do a Karate chop on  the mama's belly, and them things  come right out. They do that here, too, Jezebel, in  the hospitals, but it causes  hemorrhages. I fed the mother a bowl  of comfrey tea and it brought the  afterbirth down perfectly. The couple  are going to use it for fertilizer  to plant a lovely tree for their  baby. Oh wow -- if they were really back- to-nature, they'd eat it, like other  mammals do. Yes -- because you see when the  placenta detaches from the uterine  wall... Wait. We do need a few things. We need fresh rosemary from the  kitchen. Mostly what we need is from  the kitchen. Hey, are you listening? And a little bit of sea salt or Kosher  salt if you don't got no sea salt. A  bottle of spring water -- Italian  please, not French shit. And some french fries! Kiva, shut up. And some ginger, two of the eyes of  a trout fish, and a piece of raw  meat, liver if you have it. I want fries -- you dumb jerks with  your stupid fucking ritual! Shut up, you little shit. Don't talk to her that way! Get to work, man. Kiva... What? You have to go in the next room now. Oh, wow, like I'm bummed out that I  can't watch. I'm bored! UP! Don't put me in there by myself.  I'll miss you way too much. Kiva, don't do this to me. Please... if you just lemme... I'll  play dress-up with you, the way you  like it... you know what I mean...  remember...? We can pretend and I'll do it  exactly... the way you want it...  with the egg whites and the kilt. You mean... like last week? We'll talk about this later, Kiva. No! Aw, really now -- child abuse? You stay outta this! I demand this stop now, Elspeth! I'm running away from you! Fine. Go ahead. And I'll call your  parole officer and she'll find you  and send you back to Eastlake! Now that the fucking melodrama is  over, can we start the goddamn ritual -- pleeze? We are communing here on New Year's  Eve to bring to life the great goddess  Diana, who was turned to stone in  this very room forty years ago today. Diana, great beautiful one, we make  these offerings to you, that we may  undo the wicked spell which deprived  you of the seed of your lover, your  virginal blood, of your very life.  We now form the symbolic rock with  our bodies. On this night, in this hour, we Call  upon the Ancient Power O Goddess  bride, I offer thee Milk from a  mother's sweet titty! To reverse the evil which has been  done I make this offering to the  Divine One A whore not, an innocent  was, For whom I seized a virgin's  blood. Goddess of Light, Goddess of Lust,  To undo this awful spell is a real  must. To bring you life and get you  high I offer the sweat of five men's  thighs. Great Goddess Diana, fail you I will,  I was to bring fresh sperm from my  Bill. I had him erect, and his semen  would follow But alas I was hot, so  hot that I swallowed. You stupid little witch! You swallowed  the sperm! Aye-yi--yi! It just shows what an amazing lack  of control you have over yourself,  Eva! Honey, why didn't you just use your  hands? Didn't your mama teach you  not to put them things in your mouth? There is no time to cry over swallowed  sperms. You're gonna have to get  some, baby. You have one hour to  prove what kind of witch you really  are. What do you want?! Mr. Bellboy, come right in! Okay, mister, here's your fifty-dollar  tip, only, you have to do one more  thing... make our little Eva smile.  Can you? We'll leave you alone. And don't use your mouth! If she doesn't get his goop in ten  minutes, I'm going to take him myself. Ha! That'll be a first for you. Oh shit -- Kiva! And just where do you think you're  going? Well, gawd -- I need a candy bar or  something -- you haven't fed me all  day. I'm getting all shaky. My blood  sugar's really low. Elspeth -- honestly now -- some  babysitter you're turnin' out ta be! Enough, girls. I will collect fresh  earth. Jezebel, I want you to gather  damp moss. Raven, you bring me a  birch branch. Oh look, they don't care if I smile  or not! All they want is... You won't understand, believe me. Well... okay. The five of us --  Elspeth, Jezebel, Athena, Raven and  me -- are a coven. Yes. And you see, our coven has spent  forty years trying to perfect a ritual  to undo a wicked curse put on our  goddess Diana. Oh... ha ha... I mean the witches  before us tried and failed. But  Athena, our High Priestess, discovered  a great potion to reverse the evil  spell which turned our beautiful  goddess into an old rock. She was a beautiful virgin. An  entertainer by trade, but a great  sorceress by design. It was here in  this very room, on her wedding night,  a jealous rival placed the curse on  Diana. Yes... and her young husband turned  into a pink fish! They found him  swimming in the pool in circles.  While our dear goddess: a stone in  her honeymoon bed. This was Diana. Oh, but she was! She had lovers, but  she saved that for marriage. Which  is the example I've tried to follow:  to do everything but that till I  marry... Well, it doesn't matter now... and  she won't be resurrected tonight  'cause I failed her. I let my whole  coven down! Only, not now -- we were each supposed  to bring something -- a life fluid. Only... I swallowed it... And now, you're my last chance! That's not flea powder, that's sacred  dust ground from the horns of Albino  goats. Well, see, what I really want to do  is be a midwife. I've attended four  births already! I can prevent vaginal  tears and everything. I joined the coven to attain greater  understanding of my feminine power  so I could become a truly great  midwife! Do you really think so? Who's Betty -- your girlfriend? Oh good! My phone number in Topanga. Call me? What's that used for? Hey -- I wanna be a witch! I'm a woman now! But where is his "stuff"? We did it right there, in the big  cauldron! Ooohhh honey, you're gonna be sore  tomorra! Didn't your mama teach you  that water strips a girl's  lubrication? Yeah, when she can't walk... I guess you wouldn't have those kinds  of problems -- without penetration. No. And virtually no cervical cancer,  either. Okay, girls, enough Sex Education  101, let's get going with our ritual,  goddammit. Goddess Diana, I offer you The jism  of one I wooed for you That you may  live and know such bliss Of getting  laid by a guy like this. I don't understand what went wrong. I say Eva pulled one over on us. What? Honey -- Eva was wearing the face of  someone just fucked good... and the  best actress in this world, or any  other, can't fake a thing like that! Exactly -- if she was fucked so good,  how could she save his come? Girls, knock it off. Maybe... maybe it needed to be the  sperm of a virgin male. He was no virgin! Let's leave her here, with the sword,  until dawn. I will come back for her  before checkout time. I just... feel  too sad to carry her away before the  sun comes up to warm her. I can't believe we have to carry our  own bags out! My mama would have a  hissy fit! I'll carry your bags. You're carrying my bags! Next year, we try again -- with virgin  sperm. We don't have time to play charades  here, asshole! Untie me quick. Look, whether you like it or not,  you're in the middle of a situation  here you can't just wish your way  out of. Everyone starts out strangers, Ted,  it's where we end up that counts.  Hurry up. Life is hard, Ted. You ever stopped  to consider how many times you change  your underwear in a lifetime? I don't mean literally, you ignoramus. Forget it, listen to me. There's a  gun in my suitcase behind the bed,  it's loaded... Fine. Get the gun and I'll shoot  "anybody." Get a fucking grip on yourself. First  off, who says he's my husband? And  second, we are a long way from fair  here, fair is back in jolly old  England eatin' crumpets and sipping  on tea. There are two sides to a plate, still  you only eat off of one. Now GET THE I'm a werewolf, Ted! Get the gun! Come on, Ted. Come over here just  for a minute. You can do it. Come  on, Ted. You look like a good guy. That's it, Teddy. You look so much  more attractive when you're self- assured. Quick, he's coming back. Put the gag  back in, and remember the gun! Where's the fucking nitro? You took long enough. Untie me, for  Christ's sake, you fucking upset him  and he's dying. You'd make a great cop, Theodore. You bastard! If the simple fact that I didn't  want your bloated, dead body lying  out on the floor is love, then no  wonder we find ourselves as we are  at this very fucking moment. You heard shit, monkey boy. Easy for  you to say after you fuck another  man's wife. You should at least have  the guts to stand by your convictions. When I think of all the times you  were inside me promising me a better  life, it makes me want to puke. What didn't you do, stick man?  Unfortunately, you don't have the  balls to back up the actions of your  huge cock. Put it this way, God made up for  what he did to Gumby with Ted here. Show him your cock, Theodore. It's hard to stop talking about  something so huge. I could go on and  on about his cock, bone, nob, bishop,  wang, thang, hotrod. Hump mobile,  Oscar, dong, dagger, banana, cucumber,  salami. Sausage, kielbasa, schlong,  dink, tool, Big Ben, Mister Happy,  prick, disk, pecker, peter, pee-pee,  wee-wee, weiner, pisser, pistol,  joint, hose, horn, middle-leg, third- leg, meat, stick, joystick, dipstick. Junior, the little head, little guy,  Rumple Foreskin, Tootsie Roll. Snake,  one-eyed monster, one-eyed wonder,  shaft, sword, meat whistle, skin  flute, love muscle, Roto-Rooter,  instrument, banger, rammer, ramrod,  cherrypicker, log, pole. You'd better go check to see if I  killed anybody downstairs. We're fine, Ted. Another time, Ted. There. Go. So, are we gonna have fun tonight? I didn't think so. Here in the room? By themselves? Yes. Why did we have to get all dressed  up if we weren't going with them? What are you doing? But I want some now... What a waste. What about him? What makes you think  you can trust him? You kids are getting expensive. Make sure they're in bed before  midnight. No... That's not what he said. He said to call if we need anything. We paid you five hundred dollars.  We'll call you if we need anything.  You don't want to upset my dad. Your feet stink. Change it. You're not supposed to  watch this. Not this kind of TV. Change it. Ted? Hi. It's me, Sarah. You're our  sitter for tonight. I want you to turn off the Nudie  station in our room. No. Not turn it on, turn it off. It's  already on. Well, stop listening to the machine  and listen to me. There's naked ladies  dancing on my TV and I want 'em off. Change the channel, now! They don't stink. Here, smell for yourself. Go ahead. Don't shake it! Ted? Hi. It's me. Sarah. I thought I'd tell you that your  cleaning ladies are doing a bum job.  There's all kinds of leftover stuff  around here. Needles and things. We're not supposed  to have needles here, are we? I mean,  they don't come with the room, do  they? Send someone up here to clean  this place up right. I'm calling another room, give me  three numbers. Hello? Hi. You don't know me, and I  don't know you, but... do you have  any needles? We've got needles here  and I was wondering if they come  with the room or not. Don't have  any? Thanks. Just checking. The center is the bull's eye, 100  points, this one's 10 points, this  one's 20 points. Hey, wait a minute. Let me get out  of the way! We're going to sleep now? Those aren't milk and cookies. They're stale. What's that? Did you ever open your eyes? Yep. If you wanna watch too, you  have to go wash your face. Be careful... Ted! I don't know, but she's in my bed! There's a dead body in my bed! No, there's a woman's dead body inside  the bed, in the mattress. Yes! I washed it off... Yeah, didn't you ever think to do  that? You never tried it, did you? Then  you agree I'm smarter than you... Get your ass up here and call the  police, because there's a dead body  in my bed and it smells like shit  and it looks even worse, and if you  don't help us, my dad is gonna lay  you down right next to her, I swear  to fucking God! Check under the mattress! For the body, can't you smell it? Don't call her that... Stop calling her that!! Happy New Year! Party's over, she probably went home. Oh, well, I haven't seen 'em in a  while. Yeah... yeah... yeah... I know 'em,  I know Eddy. Yeah... yeah... I know Betty too...  Tall... No, no, no, no, no, I know, I know.  Japanese girl. Yeah... yeah... yeah... I know her. Who -- who should I say's calling? Gotcha, Betty from work. Hi, Ted, I'm Margaret. You sound  down. Has this not been the happiest  of New Year's? Awww, how come? An oven full of witches fucked you?  Is that like at the circus when they  stick all those clowns in an itty- bitty car? Was she an old hag with a mole, with  hair growing out of it? Ted? What's the problem? Sounds to me like a pretty great way  to start off the night. -- Skipping over the witches. He made you have psycho sex with his  wife? What kinda gun? Like Dirty Harry's gun. Did it have a real long barrel or a  short barrel? Well, for one thing it's the  difference between a .44 Magnum and  a Magnum .357. You wanna skip over this part, too? Hold on. Anybody live here named... What's her name again? Betty! Yeah, whatcha screamin' about? You're Betty? Yeah, I'm Betty, it's my fuckin'  place, who the fuck are you? I'm Margaret And this is Ted. Ted, what's the problem? Sure. Is that the penthouse? That's the Chester Rush party, they  want something. Now, Ted, wait a minute. I know you're  freaked, I know you're stressed.  You've had a real bad night -- -- You say there's a dead body in a  room? No problem, this is a hotel, we've  had dead bodies before, it's just  the price of doing business. You  said the hotel was on fire. Is it  still on fire? Good, sprinkler system worked like a  charm. Now, you wanna leave, you've  had enough. Perfectly understandable.  I'll take care of everything else.  The only thing I ask is that you  take care of Chester Rush. Then you  can leave. Ted, he's a very important guest of  this hotel. In fact, he is the most  important guest at the hotel. The  Mon Signor used to be a haven for  movie stars. Through the thirties  and forties, and the first half of  the fifties, more movie stars -- if  you break it down on a night-by-night  basis -- stayed at the Mon Signor  than any other hotel in Hollywood.  Now, we had some hard time in the  eighties, even though we were the  official hotel of Cannon Pictures,  but we're coming back strong in the  nineties. And a movie star clientele  is important to that comeback. If we  can keep stars of his magnitude happy,  we're on our way. So, Ted, just take  care of him, then you can leave. He probably just wants some champagne!  You can do that, can't you? Please  just take care of him, the entire  staff of the Mon Signor is begging  you! You're a good man, Ted. Thanks. Hi, Theodore. Having a drink. Are you kidding, he'll be asleep  till Christmas. His name's Theodore. Oh, me and Theodore go way back.  Don't we, Theodore? We met at the pool. After talkin' about it all night,  they better. I wanna see a show. Look at the poor guy. Just spit it  out. Can I jump in here? Theodore's been here fifteen minutes  and you've talked about everything  but. I don't care. Helluva night, huh, Ted? Ted. Take the money. Six hundred. You know, I'm gonna call it a night  and go back to my room. It's been  fun. You okay, lady? I said -- you looking for someone? Uhhh... yes... my husband... I think.  Have you seen him? Lady, I haven't seen anybody. 