White House boys want a private meeting. Excuse me, but I have Senator DeHaven on the line for you. I'm sorry, sir no -- she asked to speak with Lieutenant O'Neil. B.O.Q., south side.  Take a starboard tack out the door. No problem, lieutenant. This some kind of joke? "... last week at Coronado.  The woman, identity unknown, is believed to be the first female candidate for the elite Special Reconnaissance program.  Her presence could signal a shift in the Navy's long-standing policy that excludes women from combat positions." I have interview requests from two local TV stations.  And a sociologist from U.C. San Diego called, wanted to know if she could examine the interaction between "G.I. Jane" and the men. Congress and the Pentagon share a lot of plumbing.  They'll never know whose leak it is. ... is denying that it is considering changing its long-held policy of exclusion -- but it isn't denying the presence of at least one female in a heretofore all-male program.  Dubbed "G.I. Jane" by the media, this woman is now undergoing commando training at the Special Warfare Command Center in San Diego... Senator DeHaven's office still has not released the identity of the woman, but DeHaven is confirming that "G.I. Jane" has outlasted many of her male counter-parts in the program, said to be one of the most grueling anywhere.  Joining us now on "Washington Tonight" for the feminist perspective is Gloria Allred, live from -- ... but men have trained as athletes for 5,000 years.  Women have been at it for, what, couple of decades?  Do we really know the limits of their strength? Or their endurance?  You know, 30 years ago, women marathoners were 90 minutes off the pace of the men. Now, the women's time is probably only 20 minutes off. Try 15. But what do female soldiers really contribute?  I mean, why is this "G.I. Jane" there instead of a man? S.E.R.E. training coming up. They take you away to San Clemente Island.  Half the guys quit when they come back.  Supposed to be just hell-and-a-half. Can I ask you somethin', lieutenant? How come you're doing this?  I mean, we're kinda curious. Just some of the women. I've been accused of that wish. Just a friend.  We have friends, too, you know. More than you'd guess.  It's just that we don't hold coffee klatches. If more then three of us get together at any one time, the guys think it's some kind of uprising. Sounds funny now, but it's really not.  We have to be careful.  The Navy still knows how to put on a witch-hunt. Did you hear? Not that.  The White House just announced that it was sponsoring legislation that would, in one stroke, void all remaining elements of the 1948 Combat Exclusion Laws. You there?  Senator? Sorry.  Forgot I needed oregano and... ... just got word today.  The Senator wants you to know that she's disturbed by the matter, and she'll be looking into it carefully to make sure you were treated fairly.  If you need to reach us, we're here in Washington, 202-224-3121. Administration, Ensign Blondell. Who's... Lieuten -- Okay, but... You didn't have to do what you did.  Not for me. Got it. Uh... don't see it.  There's no signature.  But hang on -- there's a note to "See Addendum."  Checking... Wow... Your name again? Ms. O'Neil.  Yes, of course.  I'm Douglas Champeau.  Unfortunately, the Senator is in chamber right now. How can I help you? I mean, she's on the floor of the Senate. She really can't be disturbed.  But if you care to wait, I'll find you an office with a phone.  It might be several hours, but -- See the secretary, please. Senator DeHaven is here for the graduation ceremonies. Just a small press corps.  Routine. That?  That would be the all-woman America's Cup team. 