This dispatch has just arrived from Aboukir, marked highest priority, for General Bonaparte's eyes only. Excuse me, General Bonaparte, but I believe this is an extremely urgent matter, requiring your immediate attention. General Bonaparte? To Joseph Bonaparte -- Dear Joseph, I have been informed by my wife of the cold and spiteful treatment she has been receiving at the hands of my family, since my departure. I am also informed that you have refused to pay over to her any of the money I left with you expressly for this purpose. Must you, too, take this opportunity during my absence to indulge the petty jealousies of the Bonaparte family?Please, sir, come into bed or I shall die of a chill. Lisette La Croix. Lisette. Br-rrr, these sheets are like ice. Do you have three francs, sir? Would you like to take me there, so that we can get warm, sir? Is it a nice warm room, sir? Are you staying with a friend, sir? One must take life as it comes -- do you live in Lyon, sir? Well, one must do something to live, you know -- and I have an elderly mother who depends on me. Yes, I am, sir. Yes, it must be. The weather is terrible, isn't it, sir? Good evening, sir.Ah, well, my dear Madame de Montesquiou, peace of mind can eventually be a substitute for happiness. Ah, that is good. Oh... I see. I understand. How is... the Emperor? Ah, my dear Madame de Montesquiou, you have no idea what happiness it brings me to see this child, at last. I was told the very idea of such a visit would too much distress the Empress. Oh -- I didn't tell you... I've seen Dr. Corvisart, and he was very reassuring and encouraging. He has had excellent results with the waters of Plombiers, and he thinks it would be a good idea for me to spend a few weeks there. Apparently, he sent Madame Le Floch there last year, and she gave birth to twins. Oh, my darling. I'm sorry, too. I won't do that again -- whatever you do. I won't cause you any more embarrassment, I promise. Who is it? In case of a... surprise attack... at night... I am such a... light sleeper... I could wake you... I could scream. But you will not... be safe... Separate bedrooms? Five minutes. Five minutes. Will you be joining us, soon? What are you doing in there? Where is Madame Trillaud? I know what you're doing in there. Open the door. It's me. You are my old friend. Perhaps -- but tell me you promise, anyway. Promise. I don't care, but promise you will never leave me. Promise me. Promise me you will never leave me. She must have been in love with you. Were any of them married? Were any of them prettier than I am? Were they pretty? Were you in love with any of them? But you have had mistresses while you were away. And you, are you in love with any one else? Yes. Now, I know that I shall die if you leave me. I thought I was. I was confused. Oh, you must forgive me, General Bonaparte, I'm afraid you will think me incredibly stupid but I know absolutely nothing about this. Eugene is so independent -- he hardly tells me anything any more, and he has so many things in his room, I must confess I wasn't even aware that he had this sword -- you know how boys can be! Oh... how very nice of you to bring that for Eugene... Did General de Beauharnais give it to you? Yes, I'm afraid he is. I believe he is riding. I know he'll be heartbroken to have missed you. Yes, of course. Hortense, darling, will you tell Louise to bring some sherry? Oh, it's not the slightest inconvenience, General Bonaparte. It is an honor to have you here. May I offer you a drink? Oh... yes, of course! Have you met my daughter, Hortense? Ah, how nice to meet you, General Bonaparte. One has read so much about you lately. Please sit down.No. Papa said only to comply with any request you might make of me. Oh, no, I am very happy. But you must have patience with me... I know nothing at all of what a wife must know. And I know nothing about men. My papa has never allowed me even to have a pet of the male gender. Will it be possible to have my dog, Bijou, sent here? I was not allowed to bring her and I love her so much. I hope you have patience with me. I do not know how to dance the quadrille but, if you desire it, I will learn. I am told that Fontainebleau has many lovely views. I know nothing more interesting than a lovely countryside. You are so good to me. Will you also allow me to have a botanical garden? Will I be able to play the harp? It is an instrument of which I am very fond. Do you like music? You are much younger, and much more handsome, than your pictures. And, where did you see my portrait? Oh, then you are...