We expect him at any moment, dearest.  Shh, hush, Henry.  But Marianne is sure to find her  storybook hero.  As long as she loves him, whoever he  is.  'Help them?'  What do you mean, 'help them'?  Oh, without question! More than  amply...  To be reduced to the condition of  visitor in my own home! It is not to  be borne, Elinor!  Consider, Mamma! We have nowhere to  go.  John and Fanny will descend from  London at any moment, followed no  doubt by cartloads of relatives ready  to turn us out of our rooms one by  one do you expect me to be here to  welcome them? Vultures!  I shall start making inquiries for a  new house at once. Until then we  must try to bear their coming.  What brother on earth would do half  so much for his real sisters--let  alone half-blood?  There is no knowing what they expect.  The question is, what can you afford?  Marianne, cannot you play something  else? Mamma has been weeping since  breakfast.  I meant something less mournful,  dearest.  But if she should live longer than  fifteen years we would be completely  taken in. People always live forever  when there is an annuity to be paid  them.  Margaret, are you there? Please come  down. John and Fanny will be here  soon.  Why are they coming to live at  Norland? They already have a house  in London.  Because houses go from father to  son, dearest not from father to  daughter. It is the law.  If you come inside, we could play  with your atlas.  It's not my atlas any more. It's  their atlas.  Indeed. Although to say the truth, I  am convinced within myself that your  father had no idea of your giving  them money.  --and what on earth can four women  want for more than that? Their  housekeeping will be nothing at all  they will have no carriage, no horses,  hardly any servants and will keep no  company. Only conceive how comfortable  they will be!  As you know, we are looking for a  new home. When we leave we shall be  able to retain only Thomas and Betsy.  We are very sorry to have to leave  you all. But we are certain you will  find the new Mrs Dashwood a fair and  generous mistress.  They will be much more able to give  you something.  Your father would be proud of you.  How is Mrs Ferrars?  My mother is always in excellent  health, thank you. My brother Robert  is in town with her this season and  quite the most popular bachelor in  London! He has his own barouche.  You have two brothers, have you not?  Indeed, yes. Edward is the eldest  Mamma quite depends upon him. He is  traveling up from Plymouth shortly  and will break his journey here.  My dear John this is your home now.  Fanny wishes to know where the key  for the silver cabinet is kept.  Betsy has it, I think. What does  Fanny want with the silver?  I can only presume she wants to count  it. What are you doing?  Presents for the servants. Have you  seen Margaret? I am worried about  her. She has taken to hiding in the  oddest places.  Fortunate girl. At least she can  escape Fanny, which is more than any  of us is able.  You do your best. You have not said  a word to her for a week.  I have! I have said 'yes' and 'no'.  Good morning, Fanny.  Good morning, Marianne.  How did you find the silver? Is it  all genuine?  Pray, when may we expect the pleasure  of your brother's company?  Edward is due tomorrow. And my dear  Mrs Dashwood, in view of the fact  that he will not be with us for long,  I wondered if Miss Margaret would  mind giving up her room to him the  view is quite incomparable from her  windows and I should so much like  Edward to see Norland at its best.  Intolerable woman!  There is but one consolation if Edward  is anything like Fanny, we shall be  only too happy to leave.  But where is Miss Margaret? I declare,  Mrs Dashwood, I am beginning to doubt  of her existence! She must run  positively wild!  Forgive us, Mr Ferrars. My youngest  is not to be found this morning. She  is a little shy of strangers at  present.  How do you like your view, Mr Ferrars?  Stables! Edward--your windows overlook  the lake.  They are all exceedingly spoilt, I  find. Miss Margaret spends all her  time up trees and under furniture  and I have barely had a civil word  from Marianne.  That is no excuse.  I have never liked the smell of books.  Oh yes! I shall have it pulled down  to make room for a Grecian temple.  Too expensive. We do not need four  bedrooms, we can share.  This one, then?  Marianne, we have only five hundred  pounds a year. I will send out more  inquiries today.  Won't you come out, dearest? We  haven't seen you all day. Mamma is  very concerned.  I believe so.  Oh! No, no indeed. She is quite wrong.  For I believe it is in--in Belgium.  The Volga?  Of course. The Volga, which, as you  know, starts in...  St Albans.  The source of the Nile is in  Abyssinia.  Margaret Dashwood.  That was my father's favourite.  Thank you so much for your help with  Margaret, Mr Ferrars. She is a changed  girl since your arrival.  Has she shown you her tree-house?  With pleasure.  Margaret has always wanted to travel.  What will your duties be?  Ah.  As?  And what do you wish for?  Would you stay in London?  You talk of feeling idle and useless  imagine how that is compounded when  one has no choice and no hope  whatsoever of any occupation.  Except that you will inherit your  fortune.  We cannot even earn ours.  Right?  No, Edward! Listen.  Can you not feel his despair? Try  again.  Mamma, look. This has just arrived.  'I should be pleased to offer you a  home at Barton Cottage as soon as  ever you have need of it' why, it is  from my cousin, Sir John Middleton!  Even Elinor must approve the rent.  Has Elinor not yet seen this?  No I will fetch her.  Wait. No. Let us delay.  Why?  I think--I believe that Edward and  Elinor have formed an attachment.  It would be cruel to take her away  so soon and Devonshire is so far.  Why so grave? Do you disapprove her  choice?  By no means. Edward is very amiable.  Amiable but?  But there is something wanting. He  is too sedate his reading last night.  Elinor has not your feelings, his  reserve suits her.  Can he love her? Can the ardour of  the soul really be satisfied with  such polite, concealed affections?  To love is to burn to be on fire,  all made of passion, of adoration,  of sacrifice! Like Juliet, or  Guinevere or Heloise.  They made rather pathetic ends, dear.  Pathetic! To die for love? How can  you say so? What could be more  glorious?  I think that may be taking your  romantic sensibilities a little far.  The more I know of the world, the  more I am convinced that I shall  never see a man whom I can truly  love.  You require so much!  I do not! I require only what any  young woman of taste should a man  who sings well, dances admirably,  rides bravely, reads with passion  and whose tastes agree in every point  with my own.  Is love a fancy, or a feeling? No It  is immortal as immaculate truth 'Tis  not a blossom shed as soon as Youth  Drops from the stem of life for it  will grow In barren regions, where  no waters flow Nor ray of promise  cheats the pensive gloom--  What a pity it is that Edward has no  passion for reading.  It was you who asked him to read and  then you made him nervous.  Me?  But your behaviour to him in all  other respects is perfectly cordial  so I must assume that you like him  in spite of his deficiencies.  I think him everything that is amiable  and worthy.  Praise indeed!  But he shall have my unanswering  devotion when you tell me he is to  be my brother.  How shall I do without you?  Do without me?  I am sure you will be very happy.  But you must promise not to live too  far away.  Marianne, there is no question of  that is, there is no under standing  between...  Do you love him?  I do not attempt to deny that I think  very highly of him that I greatly  esteem that I like him.  Esteem him! Like him! Use those  insipid words again and I shall leave  the room this instant!  Very well. Forgive me. Believe my  feelings to be stronger than I have  declared but further than that you  must not believe.  'Is love a fancy or a feeling?' Or a  Ferrars?  Go to bed!  'I do not attempt to deny that I  think highly of him greatly esteem  him! Like him!'  We are all so happy that you chose  to invite Edward to Norland. He is a  dear boy and we are all very fond of  him.  We have great hopes for him. Much is  expected of him by our mother with  regard to his profession  Naturally.  And in marriage. She is determined  that both he and Robert will marry  well.  Of course. But I hope she desires  them to marry for love, first and  foremost? I have always felt that,  contrary to common wisdom, true  affection is by far the most valuable  dowry.  Love is all very well, but  unfortunately we cannot always rely  on the heart to lead us in the most  suitable directions.  You see, my dear Mrs Dashwood, Edward  is entirely the kind of compassionate  person upon whom penniless women can  prey--and having entered into any  kind of understanding, he would never  go back on his word. He is quite  simply incapable of doing so. But it  would lead to his ruin. I worry for  him so, Mrs Dashwood. My mother has  always made it perfectly plain that  she will withdraw all financial  support from Edward, should he choose  to plant his affections in less...  exalted ground than he deserves.  I understand you perfectly.  My cousin Sir John Middleton has  offered us a small house on his  estate.  He is a widower. He lives with his  mother-in-law at Barton Park and it  is Barton Cottage that he offers us.  Oh, a cottage! How charming. A little  cottage is always very snug.  Oh, my dear Edward, we can no longer  trespass upon your sister's good  will. We must leave as soon as  possible.  You will come and stay with us,  Edward!  Edward has long been expected in  town by our mother.  Come as soon as you can, Edward.  Remember that you are always welcome.  We cannot possibly afford him.  Your education?  Indeed?  Plymouth?  No.  Pratt?  Edward! Edward!  I have been all over for you! You  are needed in London this instant!  No, no, that will not do. Family  affairs are in chaos owing to your  absence. Mother is quite adamant  that you should leave at once.  Edward promised he would bring the  atlas to Barton for me.  Did he? Well, I will wager he will  do so in less than a fortnight!  Are we there yet?  Sir John!  Sir John, your extraordinary kindness--  Was the journey tolerable, you poor  souls?  --but I would not wait for you to  come to us, I made John call for the  carriage--  --as we get so little company.  But I feel as if I know you already-- delightful creatures!  Oh, but dear Sir John, we cannot--  --deaf--  Let us only settle in for a few days,  Sir John, and thank you--  --fruit and game--  --call--and here is Miss Marianne!  I declare you are the loveliest girl  I ever set eyes on! Cannot you get  them married, Mrs Dashwood? You must  not leave it too long!  --not a beau for miles!  But there is Colonel Brandon!  Just wait till he sees you! If we  can persuade him out to meet you!  Of course she is fatigued!  You must get your maidservant to  make you up some camphor--it is the  best tonic for the staggers!  I like them.  What generosity.  Indeed. I am surprised they did not  offer us their clothing.  Sugar is five shilling a pound these  parts, Miss Dashwood.  No more sugar then.  Not a beau for miles.  Colonel Brandon is the most eligible  bachelor in the county--he is bound  to do for one of you. Mind, he is a  better age for Miss Dashwood--but I  dare say she left her heart behind  in Sussex, eh?  Aha! I see you, Miss Marianne! I  think I have unearthed a secret!  What sort of man is he, Miss Dashwood?  Is he butcher, baker, candlestick- maker? I shall winkle it out of you  somehow, you know!  You are in lonely country now, Miss  Dashwood, none of us has any secrets  here--  He is curate of the parish, I dare  say!  Give us a clue, Miss Dashwood--is he  in uniform?  He has no profession!  Margaret, you know perfectly well  there is no such person.  There is! There is! And his name  begins with an F!  Margaret!  Forrest? Foster? Frost? Foggarty?  Sir John, might I play your  pianoforte?  What a pity you are late, Colonel!  You have missed the most delightful  singing!  Have you really been to the East  Indies, Colonel?  What is it like?  Oh no, Sir John, I do not--  As for you, you have no right, no  right at all, to parade your ignorant  assumptions--  They are not assumptions. You told  me.  I told you nothing--  They'll meet him when he comes,  anyway.  That is not the point. You do not  speak of such things before strangers--  But everyone else was--  Mrs Jennings is not everyone.  I like her! She talks about things.  We never talk about things.  Hush, please, now that is enough,  Margaret. If you cannot think of  anything appropriate to say, you  will please restrict your remarks to  the weather.  I like Colonel Brandon too. He's  been to places.  Besotted! Excellent match, for he is  rich and she is handsome.  How long have you known the Colonel?  Oh, Lord bless you, as long as ever  I have been here, and I came fifteen  years back. His estate at Delaford  is but four miles hence and he and  John are very thick. He has no wife  or children of his own, for--  --he has a tragic history. He loved  a girl once--twenty years ago now--a  ward to his family, but they were  not permitted to marry...  On what grounds?  Money. Eliza was poor. When the father  discovered their amour, she was flung  out of the house and he packed off  into the army. I believe he would  have done himself a harm if not for  John...  What became of the lady?  Oh, she was passed from man to man-- disappeared from all good society.  When Brandon got back from India he  searched for heaven knows how long,  only to find her dying in a poor  house. You have seen how it has  affected him. Once I thought my  daughter Charlotte might have cheered  him up, but she is much better off  where she is.  Look at him now, though. So attentive.  I shall try an experiment on him.  Oh no, please, dear Mrs Jennings,  leave the poor Colonel alone.  No, no, it is just the thing--all  suitors need a little help, my dear  Colonel Brandon!  We have not heard you play for us of  late!  Perhaps you did not know, Miss  Marianne, that our dear Brandon shares  your passion for music and plays the  piano forte very well.  Play us a duet!  I'll trow you know quite as many  melancholy tunes as Miss Marianne!  Come! Let us see you both side by  side!  I do not know any duets. Forgive me,  Colonel.  Oh! Are we never to have a moment's  peace? The rent here may be low but  I think we have it on very hard terms.  Mrs Jennings is a wealthy woman with  a married daughter--she has nothing  to do but marry off everyone else's.  There's a parcel arrived for you,  Miss Dashwood!  A parcel!  It is too ridiculous! When is a man  to be safe from such wit if age and  infirmity do not protect him?  Infirmity!  If Colonel Brandon is infirm, then I  am at death's door.  It is a miracle your life has extended  this far...  Did you not hear him complain of a  rheumatism in his shoulder?  A slight ache' I believe was his  phrase...  But Edward said he would bring it  himself.  'Dear Mrs Dashwood, Miss Dashwood,  Miss Marianne and Captain Margaret-- it gives me great pleasure to restore  this atlas to its rightful owner.  Alas, business in London does not  permit me to accompany it, although  this is likely to hurt me far more  than it hurts you. For the present  my memories of your kindness must be  enough to sustain me, and I remain  your devoted servant always. E. C.  Ferrars.'  But why hasn't he come?  He says he is busy, dear.  He said he'd come.  Why hasn't he come?  I am taking you for a walk.  No! I've been a walk.  You need another.  It is going to rain.  It is not going to rain.  You always say that and then it always  does.  I fear Mrs Jennings is a bad  influence.  You must miss him, Elinor.  We are not engaged, Mamma.  But he loves you, dearest, of that I  am certain.  I am by no means assured of his regard  for me.  Oh, Elinor!  But even were he to feel such a...  preference, I think we should be  foolish to assume that there would  not be many obstacles to his choosing  a woman of no rank who cannot afford  to buy sugar...  But Elinor--your heart must tell you--  In such a situation, Mamma, it is  perhaps better to use one's head.  Is there any felicity in the world  superior to this?  I told you it would rain.  Look! There is some blue sky! Let us  chase it!  I'm not supposed to run.  Marianne!  Help me!  Margaret, run home and fetch help.  I think it is this way. I will run  as fast as I can, Marianne.  Only my ankle.  Marianne was sure it would not rain.  Which invariably means it will.  At last!  She fell over! She fell down--and  he's carrying her!  Marianne!  In here, sir--this way. Margaret,  open the door wider. Please, sir,  lay her here. Marianne, are you in  pain?  Do not be alarmed, Mamma.  Sir, I cannot even begin to thank  you.  Will you not be seated?  We shall look forward to it!  His name! His name!  Please tell us to whom we are so  much obliged?  Mr John Willoughby of Allenham!  What an impressive gentleman!  He lifted me as if I weighed no more  than a dried leaf!  Is he human?  Tell me if I hurt you.  She feels no pain, Mamma. Margaret,  ask Betsy to make up a cold compress,  please.  Did you see him? He expressed himself  well, did he not?  With great decorum and honour.  And spirit and wit and feeling.  And economy--ten words at most.  And he is to come tomorrow!  You must change, Marianne--you will  catch a cold.  What care I for colds when there is  such a man?  You will care very much when your  nose swells up.  You are right. Help me, Elinor.  What has happened?  We have decided to give you to the  Gypsies.  Will they be married before Edward  and Elinor, do you think, Mamma?  Margaret, you are worse than Mrs  Jennings.  But what do you know of Mr Willoughby,  Sir John?  But what is he like?  What are his tastes? His passions?  His pursuits?  Where is Allenham, Sir John?  It is Colonel Brandon. I shall go  outside and keep watch.  Thank you so much, Colonel.  I have no intention of 'setting my  cap' at anyone, Sir John!  Marianne! Sir John and the Colonel  are leaving.  Goodbye, Colonel. Thank you for the  flowers.  Mr Willoughby! What a pleasure to  see you again!  You have found out my name!  How beautiful. These are not from  the hothouse.  But I have always preferred wild  flowers!  I will put these in water.  Our gratitude, Mr Willoughby, is  beyond expression--  Pray sit down, Mr Willoughby.  Marianne has been reading them out  to us.  Without a doubt, mine is 116.  '0, no! it is an ever-fixed mark.'  Goodbye! Thank you!  Good work, Marianne! You have covered  all forms of poetry; another meeting  will ascertain his views on nature  and romantic attachments and then  you will have nothing left to talk  about and the acquaintanceship will  be over.  I suppose I have erred against  decorum. I should have been dull and  spiritless and talked only of the  weather, or the state of the roads.  No, but Mr Willoughby can be in no  doubt of your enthusiasm for him.  Why should he doubt it? Why should I  hide my regard?  No particular reason, Marianne, only  that we know so little of him--  But time alone does not determine  intimacy. Seven years would be  insufficient to make some people  acquainted with each other and seven  days are more than enough for others.  Or seven hours in this case.  I feel I know Mr Willoughby well  already. If I had weaker, more shallow  feelings perhaps I could conceal  them, as you do--  Marianne, that is not fair--  I am sorry, Elinor, I did not mean  I know. Do not trouble yourself,  Marianne.  I do not understand her, Mamma. Why  does she never mention Edward? I  have never even seen her cry about  him, or about Norland.  Nor I. But Elinor is not like you or  I, dear. She does not like to be  swayed by her emotions.  Surely you are not going to deny us  beef as well as sugar?  There is nothing under tenpence a  pound. We have to economise.  Do you want us to starve?  No. Just not to eat beef.  If there was any true impropriety in  my behaviour, I should be sensible  of it, Elinor--  But as it has already exposed you to  some very impertinent remarks, do  you not begin to doubt your own  discretion?  If the impertinent remarks of such  as Mrs Jennings are proof of  impropriety, then we are all offending  every moment of our lives--  Good morning, Colonel!  Thank you, Colonel, we shall be  delighted.  I should be delighted to join you,  Colonel!  The Colonel has invited us to  Delaford, Willoughby!  A Broadwood Grand! Then I shall really  be able to play for you!  Yes. Marianne does not approve of  hiding her emotions. In fact, her  romantic prejudices have the  unfortunate tendency to set propriety  at naught.  Rather too unspoilt, in my view. The  sooner she becomes acquainted with  the ways of the world, the better.  Imagine my surprise, Mrs Dashwood,  when Charlotte and her lord and master  appeared with our cousin Lucy! The  last person I expected to see! 'Where  did you pop out from, Miss?' says I.  I was never so surprised to see anyone  in all my life!  She probably came on purpose to share  the fun, for there are no funds for  such luxuries at home, poor thing.  I had not seen you for so long, dear  Mrs Jennings, I could not resist the  opportunity.  Oh, you sly thing! It was the Misses  Dashwood she wanted to see, not  Delaford, Mamma! I have heard nothing  but 'Miss Dashwood this, Miss Dashwood  that' for I don't know how long! And  what do you think of them now you do  see them, Lucy? My mother has talked  of nothing else in her letters since  you came to Barton, Mrs Dashwood. Mr  Palmer--are they not the very  creatures she describes?  Why, Mr Palmer! Do you know you are  quite rude today? He is to be an MP,  you know, Mrs Dashwood, and it is  very fatiguing for him for he is  forced to make everybody like him-- he says it is quite shocking--  I never said anything so irrational.  Don't palm all your abuses of the  language upon me.  Mr Palmer is so droll--he is always  out of humour.  Here he is! Now you shall see,  Charlotte.  How now, Mr Willoughby! You must  greet my daughter Charlotte, and Mr  Palmer--  And my little cousin, Miss Lucy  Steele.  I know Mr Willoughby extremely well-- not that I ever spoke to him but I  have seen him forever in town. Your  sister is monstrous lucky to get  him. Mamma says Colonel Brandon is  in love with her as well, which is a  very great compliment for he hardly  ever falls in love with anyone.  May I beg a seat beside you, Miss  Dashwood? I have so longed to make  your better acquaintance! I have  heard nothing but the highest praise  for you.  I would be delighted. But Sir John  and Mrs Jennings are too excessive  in their compliments. I am sure to  disappoint.  No, for it was from quite another  source that I heard you praised and  one not at all inclined to  exaggeration.  Oh, Miss Dashwood, I cannot bear it!  Just when I was to have the  opportunity of speaking with you.  There are some people who cannot  bear a party of pleasure. I think he  wrote the letter himself as a trick  for getting out of it.  You are a very wicked pair, Colonel  Brandon will be sadly missed.  Exactly!  Nonsense.  Colonel Brandon is very highly  esteemed at the Park.  Really, Willoughby!  Why should you dislike him?  I have great plans for improvements  to it, you know, Mr Willoughby.  With dark, narrow stairs, a poky  hall and a fire that smokes?  I do not have the heart.  Or the money.  Willoughby, we are always alone!  Of course. I shall ask Mamma if I  may stay behind from church.  Do you think he will kneel down when  he asks her?  Shhh!  They always kneel down.  What is wrong, my dearest?  Willoughby! What is the matter?  When--this morning?  How very disappointing! But your  business will not detain you from us  for long, I hope?  For shame, Willoughby! Can you wait  for an invitation from Barton Cottage?  Willoughby, come back!  Meg, dearest, please ask Betsy to  make a cup of hot tea for Marianne.  What is wrong, my love?  Nothing! Please do not ask me  questions!  Please let me be!  They must have quarreled.  That is unlikely. Perhaps this--Lady  Allen--disapproves of his regard for  Marianne and has invented an excuse  to send him away?  Then why did he not say as much? It  is not like Willoughby to be  secretive. Did he think Marianne was  richer than she is?  How could he?  What is it you suspect him of?  I can hardly tell you. But why was  his manner so guilty?  What are you saying, Elinor? That he  has been acting a part to your sister  for all this time?  No, he loves her, I am sure.  Of course he loves her!  But has he left her with any assurance  of his return? Cannot you ask her if  he has proposed?  Certainly not. I cannot force a  confidence from Marianne and nor  must you. We must trust her to confide  in us in her own time.  There was something so underhand in  the manner of his leaving.  You are resolved, then, to think the  worst of him.  Not resolved--  I prefer to give him the benefit of  my good opinion. He deserves no less.  From all of us.  Mamma, I am very fond of Willoughby--  She would not let me in.  How like a winter hath my absence  been from thee, the pleasure of the  fleeting year! What freezings have I  felt, what dark days seen! What old  December's bareness everywhere!  Oh! If only this rain would stop!  'Twas you took her off my hands, Mr  Palmer, and a very good bargain you  made of it too, but now I have the  whip hand over you for you cannot  give her back!  Miss Marianne, come and play a round  with us! Looking out at the weather  will not bring him back.  She ate nothing at dinner.  Mind, we are all a little forlorn  these days. London has swallowed all  our company.  Dear Miss Dashwood, perhaps now we  might have our--discussion.  Our discussion?  There is a particular question I  have long wanted to ask you, but  perhaps you will think me impertinent?  I cannot imagine so.  But it is an odd question. Forgive  me, I have no wish to trouble you--  My dear Miss Steele--  Miss Dashwood, if only Mr Willoughby  had gone home to Combe Magna, we  could have taken Miss Marianne to  see him! For we live but half a mile  away.  No, I cannot believe it is that far,  for you can see the place from the  top of our hill. Is it really five  and a half miles? No! I cannot believe  it.  You have my permission to ask any  manner of question, if that is of  any help.  Thank you. I wonder, are you at all  acquainted with your sister-in-law's  mother? Mrs Ferrars?  With Fanny's mother? No, I have never  met her.  I am sure you think me strange for  inquiring--if I dared tell--  If she tells you aught of the famous  'Mr F', Lucy, you are to pass it on.  Will you take a turn with me, Miss  Dashwood?  I had no idea at all that you were  connected with that family.  Oh! I am certainly nothing to Mrs  Ferrars at present--but the time may  come when we may be very intimately  connected.  What do you mean? Do you have an  understanding with Fanny's brother  Robert?  The youngest? No, I never saw him in  my life. No, with Edward.  Edward?  Edward Ferrars?  Edward and I have been secretly  engaged these five years.  You may well be surprised. I should  never have mentioned it, had I not  known I could entirely trust you to  keep our secret. Edward cannot mind  me telling you for he looks on you  quite as his own sister.  I am sorry, but we surely--we cannot  mean the same Mr Ferrars?  The very same--he was four years  under the tutelage of my uncle Mr  Pratt, down in Plymouth. Has he never  spoken of it?  Mr Pratt! Yes, I believe he has.  I was very unwilling to enter into  it without his mother's approval but  we loved each other with too great a  passion for prudence. Though you do  nor know him so well as I, Miss  Dashwood, you must have seen how  capable he is of making a woman  sincerely attached to him. I cannot  pretend it has not been very hard on  us both. We can hardly meet above  twice a year.  You seem out of sorts, Miss Dashwood-- are you quite well?  Perfectly well, thank you.  I have not offended you?  On the contrary.  I can stand it no longer, I must  know what you are saying, Lucy! Miss  Dashwood is quite engrossed!  Oh, Miss Dashwood, if anyone finds  out, it will ruin him--you must not  tell a soul! Edward says you would  not break your word to save your  life! Promise me!  I give you my word.  Well, what can have fascinated you  to such an extent, Miss Dashwood?  Tell us all!  We were talking of London, ma'am,  and all its--diversions.  Do you hear, Charlotte?  While you were so busy whispering,  Charlotte and I have concocted a  plan!  It is the best plan in the world.  I make for London shortly and I invite  you, Lucy, and both the Misses  Dashwood to join me!  London!  Oh, can I go! Can I go?  You know perfectly well you are too  young, dearest.  I shall convey you all to my house  in Berkeley Street and we shall taste  all the delights of the season--what  say you?  Oh, please can I go? I'm twelve soon.  Mr Palmer, do you not long to have  the Misses Dashwood come to London?  Mrs Jennings, you are very kind, but  we cannot possibly leave our mother...  Indeed, the loss would be too great.  Your mother can spare you very well.  Of course I can!  Of course she can!  I will brook no refusal, Miss  Dashwood!  Let you and me strike hands upon the  bargain--and if I do not have the  three of you married by Christmas,  it will not be my fault!  I was never so grateful in all my  life as I am to Mrs Jennings. What a  kind woman she is! I like her more  than I can say. Oh, Elinor! I shall  see Willoughby. Think how surprised  he will be! And you will see Edward!  Are you asleep?  With you in the room?  I do not believe you feel as calm as  you look, not even you, Elinor. I  will never sleep tonight! Oh, what  were you and Miss Steele whispering  about so long?  Nothing of significance.  I have written to Edward, Miss  Dashwood, and yet I do not know how  much I may see of him. Secrecy is  vital--he will never be able to call.  I should imagine not.  It is so hard. I believe my only  comfort has been the constancy of  his affection.  You are fortunate, over such a lengthy  engagement, never to have had any  doubts on that score.  Oh! I am of rather a jealous nature  and if he had talked more of one  young lady than any other... but he  has never given a moment's alarm on  that count.  Imagine how glad he will be to learn  that we are friends!  To be sure, my dear, you must just  hand it to Pigeon there. He will  take care of it.  Lord above, you do not waste any  time, Miss Marianne!  A letter! So they are definitely  engaged! Mrs Jennings says your sister  will buy her wedding clothes here in  town.  Indeed Miss Steele, I know of no  such plan.  John and Fanny are in town. I think  we shall be forced to see them.  I think it was for next door.  Yes, you are right.  Oh, Elinor! It is Willoughby, indeed  it is!  Oh! Excuse me, Colonel--  Colonel Brandon, what a pleasure to  see you! Have you been in London all  this while?  Very well, thank you.  Colonel, is there anything--  Colonel, though neither one has  informed me of their under standing,  I have no doubt of their mutual  affection.  What do you mean?  Where is dear Edward, John? We expect  to see him daily.  And who is 'dear Edward'?  Who indeed?  My brother, Mrs Jennings--Edward  Ferrars.  Indeed! Is that Ferrars with an F?  Are there any messages, Pigeon?  No message at all? No cards?  I note you do not inquire for your  messages, Miss Dashwood!  No, for I do not expect any, Mrs  Jennings. I have very little  acquaintance in town.  She is as sly as you, Lucy!  Marianne, is anything wrong?  Nothing at all. Go back to sleep.  Do not fret, my dear. I am told that  this good weather is keeping many  sportsmen in the country at present,  but the frost will drive them back  to town very soon, depend upon it.  Of course! I had not thought of-- thank you, Mrs Jennings!  And Miss Dashwood may set her heart  at rest, for I overheard your sister- in-law say that she was to bring the  elusive Mr F to the ball tonight!  This is very merry!  There you are! Goodness, how hot it  is, Mrs Dashwood. You are not alone,  I trust?  Indeed not. John is just gone to  fetch my brother--he has been eating  ices.  Your brother! I declare, that is  good news indeed. At long last!  Miss Dashwood, I declare I shall  faint clean away.  So you must be the younger brother?  Is Mr Edward not here? Miss Dashwood  here was counting on him!  Well, I declare, I do not know what  the young men are about these days-- are they all in hiding?  Come, Mr Robert, in the absence of  your brother, you must dance with  our lovely Miss Dashwood!  We do.  Yes.  I am well, thank you, Mr Willoughby.  We are all extremely well, Mr  Willoughby--thank you for your kind  inquiry.  Willoughby!  Good God, Willoughby! Will you nor  shake hands with me?  Willoughby, what is the matter? Why  have you not come to see me? Were  you not in London? Have you nor  received my letters?  For heaven's sake, Willoughby, tell  me what is wrong!  Willoughby!  Marianne! Come away!  Go to him, Elinor--force him to come  to me.  Dearest, do not betray what you feel  to everyone present! This is not the  place for explanations--  Come along, dear.  Will you come, Lucy?  Oh, are we leaving so soon?  How very kind!  That is very handsome--  Marianne, please tell me--  Do not ask me questions!  You have no confidence in me.  This reproach from you! You, who  confide in no one.  I have nothing to tell.  Nor I. We have neither of us anything  to tell. I because I conceal nothing  and you because you communicate  nothing.  There now! Lovers' quarrels are swift  to heal! That letter will do the  trick, mark my word.  I must be off. I hope he won't keep  her waiting much longer, Miss  Dashwood. It hurts to see her looking  so forlorn.  What a welcome I had from Edward's  family, Miss Dashwood--I am surprised  you never told me what an agreeable  woman your sister-in-law is! And Mr  Robert--all so affable!  It is perhaps fortunate that none of  them knows of your engagement. Excuse  me.  'My dear Madam--I am quite at a loss  to discover in what point I could be  so unfortunate as to offend you. My  esteem for your family is very sincere  but if I have given rise to a belief  of more than I felt or meant to  express, I shall reproach myself for  not having been more guarded. My  affections have long been engaged  elsewhere and it is with great regret  that I return your letters and the  lock of hair which you so obligingly  bestowed upon me. I am etc. John  Willoughby.'  Oh, Marianne.  Marianne, oh, Marianne--it is better  to know at once what his intentions  are. Dearest, think of what you would  have felt if your engagement had  carried on for months and months  before he chose to put an end to it.  We are not engaged.  But you wrote to him! I thought then  that he must have left you with some  kind of understanding?  No--he is not so unworthy as you  think him.  Not so unworthy! Did he tell you  that he loved you?  Yes. No--never absolutely. It was  every day implied, but never declared.  Sometimes I thought it had been, but  it never was. He has broken no vow.  He has broken faith with all of us,  he made us all believe he loved you.  He did! He did--he loved me as I  loved him.  I had to come straight up--how are  you, Miss Marianne?  Poor thing! She looks very bad. No  wonder, Miss Dashwood, for it is but  too true. I was told here in the  street by Miss Morton, who is a great  friend: he is to be married at the  end of the month--to a Miss Grey  with fifty thousand pounds. Well,  said I, if 'tis true, then he is a  good-for-nothing who has used my  young friend abominably ill, and I  wish with all my soul that his wife  may plague his heart out!  But he is not the only young man  worth having, my dear, and with your  pretty face you will never want for  admirers.  Ah, me! She had better have her cry  out and have done with it. I will go  and look out something to tempt her-- does she care for olives?  I cannot tell you.  I cannot believe his nature capable  of such cruelty!  Marianne, there is no excuse for him-- this is his hand--  But it cannot be his heart! Oh, Mamma!  I want Mamma! Elinor, please take me  home! Cannot we go tomorrow?  There is no one to take us.  Cannot we hire a carriage?  We have no money--and indeed we owe  Mrs Jennings more courtesy.  All she wants is gossip and she only  likes me because I supply it! Oh,  God! I cannot endure to stay.  I will find a way. I promise.  Miss Grey has fifty thousand pounds.  Marianne is virtually penniless.  My love, I would ask them with all  my heart, but I have already asked  Miss Steele for a visit and we cannot  deprive Mrs Jennings of all her  company at once. We can invite your  sisters some other year, you know,  and Miss Steele will profit far more  from your generosity--poor girl!  Thank you for coming, Colonel.  I must get her home as quickly as  possible. The Palmers can take us as  far as Cleveland, which is but a day  from Barton--  I confess that is precisely what I  had hoped for. Marianne suffers  cruelly, and what pains me most is  how hard she tries to justify Mr  Willoughby. But you know her  disposition.  You have something to tell me of Mr  Willoughby.  Disappeared!  Good God. Do you mean--Willoughby?  Yes! He left us that morning, without  any explanation!  --and so abandoned Marianne for Miss  Grey and her fifty thousand pounds.  Have you seen Mr Willoughby since  you learned...?  Is Beth still in town?  Dearest, was I right to tell you?  Of course.  Whatever his past actions, whatever  his present course, at least you may  be certain that he loved you.  But not enough. Not enough.  Here is someone to cheer you up,  Miss Dashwood!  How is your dear sister, Miss  Dashwood? Poor thing! I must say, I  do not know what I should do if a  man treated me with so little respect.  I hope you are enjoying your stay  with John and Fanny, Miss Steele?  I was never so happy in my entire  life, Miss Dashwood! I do believe  your sister-in-law has taken quite a  fancy to me. I had to come and tell  you--for you cannot imagine what has  happened!  No, I cannot.  Yesterday I was introduced to Edward's  mother!  Indeed?  And she was a vast deal more than  civil. I have not yet seen Edward  but now I feel sure to very soon--  Do ask him to come up.  Mr Ferrars, what a pleasure to see  you. You... know Miss Steele, of  course.  I am well, thank you, Mr Ferrars.  Do sit down, Mr Ferrars.  You must be surprised to find me  here, Mr Ferrars! I expect you thought  I was at your sister's house.  Let me call Marianne, Mr Ferrars.  She would be most disappointed to  miss you.  Edward! I heard your voice! At last  you have found us!  Oh, don't think of me--Elinor is  well, you see, that must be enough  for both of us!  Not at all. The sight of you is all  the pleasure it has afforded, is  that not so, Elinor?  Why have you taken so long to come  and see us?  Engaged elsewhere! But what was that  when there were such friends to be  met?  Perhaps, Miss Marianne, you think  young men never honour their  engagements, little or great.  No, indeed--for Edward is the most  fearful of giving pain and the most  incapable of being selfish of anyone  I ever saw.  Edward, will you not sit? Elinor,  help me to persuade him.  But you are only just arrived!  In that case perhaps you might escort  me back to your sister's house, Mr  Ferrars?  Why did you not urge him to stay?  He must have had his reasons for  going.  His reason was no doubt your coldness.  If I were Edward I would assume you  did not care for me at all.  Poor Miss Marianne looked very badly  t'other day. When I think of her,  deserted and abandoned, it frightens  me to think I shall never marry.  Nonsense. You will marry far better  than either of the Dashwood girls.  How can that possibly be?  You have ten times their sense and  looks.  But I have no dowry.  There are qualities which will always  make up for that, and you have them  in abundance. It would not surprise  me if you were to marry far and away  beyond your expectations.  I wish it might be so. There is a  young man--  Ah ha! I am glad to hear of it. Is  he of good breeding and fortune?  Oh both--but his family would  certainly oppose the match.  Tush! They will allow it as soon as  they see you, my dear.  It is a very great secret. I have  told no one in the world for fear of  discovery.  My dear, I am the soul of discretion.  If I dared tell...  I can assure you I am as silent as  the grave.  Viper in my bosom!  Oh, my dears! What a commotion! Mr  Edward Ferrars--the very one I used  to joke you about, Miss Dashwood-- has been engaged these five years to  Lucy Steele!  Poor Mr Ferrars! His mother, who by  all accounts is very proud, demanded  that he break the engagement on pain  of disinheritance. But he has refused  to break his promise to Lucy. He has  stood by her, good man, and is cut  off without a penny! She has settled  it all irrevocably upon Mr Robert.  But I cannot stop, I must go to Lucy.  Your sister-in-law scolded her like  any fury--drove her to hysterics.  How long have you known?  Since the evening Mrs Jennings offered  to take us to London.  Why did you not tell me?  Lucy told me in the strictest  confidence.  I could not break my word.  But Edward loves you.  He made me no promises. He tried to  tell me about Lucy.  He cannot marry her.  Would you have him treat her even  worse than Willoughby has treated  you?  No--but nor would I have him marry  where he does not love.  Edward made his promise a long time  ago, long before he met me. Though  he may... harbour some regret, I  believe he will be happy--in the  knowledge that he did his duty and  kept his word. After all--after all  that is bewitching in the idea of  one's happiness depending entirely  on one person, it is not always  possible. We must accept. Edward  will marry Lucy--and you and I will  go home.  Always resignation and acceptance!  Always prudence and honour and duty!  Elinor, where is your heart?  What do you know of my heart? What  do you know of anything but your own  suffering? For weeks, Marianne, I  have had this pressing on me without  being at liberty to speak of it to a  single creature. It was forced upon  me by the very person whose prior  claims ruined all my hopes. I have  had to endure her exultation again  and again while knowing myself to be  divided from Edward forever. Believe  me, Marianne, had I not been bound  to silence I could have produced  proof enough of a broken heart even  for you.  Oh, Elinor!  It is indeed so. Are you acquainted  with Mr Ferrars?  Colonel, I am sure he would be only  too delighted to hear it from your  own lips.  Mr Ferrars.  Thank you for responding so promptly  to my message.  Mr Ferrars--  Mr Ferrars, I have good news. I think  you know of our friend Colonel  Brandon?  Colonel Brandon desires me to say  that, understanding you wish to join  the clergy, he has great pleasure in  offering you the parish on his estate  at Delaford, now just vacant, in the  hope that it may enable you--and  Miss Steele--to marry.  Yes. He means it as testimony of his  concern for--for the cruel situation  in which you find yourselves.  The unkindness of your family has  made you astonished to find friendship  elsewhere.  You are very much mistaken. I assure  you that you owe it almost entirely  to your own merit--I have had no  hand in it.  He is the kindest and best of men.  I think he felt it would be better  coming from... a friend.  You will always have it.  Mr Ferrars, you honour your promises-- that is more important than anything  else. I wish you--both--very happy.  What a stroke of luck for Lucy and  Edward to find a parish so close to  Barton! You will all be able to meet  very often. That will cheer you up,  Miss Marianne. I do declare I have  never disliked a person so much as I  do Mr Willoughby, for your sake.  Insufferable man! To think we can  see his insufferable house from the  top of our hill!  I shall ask Jackson to plant some  very tall trees.  I hear Miss Grey's bridal gown was  everything of the finest--made in  Paris, no less. I should have liked  to see it, although I dare say it  was a sorry affair, scalloped with  ruffles--but what do the French know  about fashion?  I am resolved never to mention Mr  Willoughby's name again, and  furthermore I shall tell everyone I  meet what a good-for nothing he is.  I do not think she drew breath from  the moment we left London. It is my  fault--I should have found some other  way of getting home.  There was no other way you said so  yourself.  We shall be home soon enough. Mamma  will comfort you, dearest.  I am stiff from sitting so long.  Will you tell Charlotte that I am  going for a stroll? ELINOR glances  at the sky in concern.  I think it is going to rain.  No, no, it will not rain.  You always say that and then it always  does.  I will keep to the garden, near the  house.  We are very proud of our little  Thomas, Colonel--and his papa has  such a way with him...  There you are, Miss Dashwood! Mr  Palmer and the Colonel have locked  themselves up in the billiard room.  Come and meet little Thomas. Where  is Miss Marianne?  She is taking a little air in the  garden.  Oh, very good. That is the great  advantage of the countryside--all  the fresh air and... and all the  fresh air...  He is the best child in the world-- he never cries unless he wants to  and then, Lord, there is no stopping  him.  I cannot see Marianne.  She has probably taken shelter in  one of the greenhouses!  Love is not love Which alters when  it alteration finds Or bends with  the remover to remove: 0, no! it is  an ever-fixed mark That looks on  tempests and is never shaken...  Willoughby... Willoughby...  One thing is certain--she will be  wet through when she returns.  I think Marianne may need a doctor.  You'll wear yourself out, Colonel!  Do not worry! A day or two in bed  will soon set her to rights!  Mrs Bunting! Mrs Bunting!  Mr Palmer, that is very kind. But  Colonel Brandon and Dr Harris will  look after us. Thank you for  everything you have done.  Colonel, you have done so much  already.  She would be easier if her mother  were here.  Who is that?  Look, look, Elinor.  There is no one there, dearest.  It is Papa. Papa has come.  Dearest Papa!  Marianne, Marianne, please try--  Marianne, please try--I cannot--I  cannot do without you. Oh, please, I  have tried to bear everything else-- I will try--but please, dearest,  beloved Marianne, do not leave me  alone.  Elinor?  My mother!  Mamma! She is out of danger!  There, there, my love, my Marianne.  Where is Elinor?  I am here, dearest, I am here.  Colonel Brandon.  Thank you.  He certainly is nor so dashing as  Willoughby but he has a far more  pleasing countenance. There was always  a something, if you remember, in  Willoughby's eyes at times which I  did not like.  Shall we continue tomorrow?  Away? Where?  But you will not stay away long?  There.  There I fell, and there I first saw  Willoughby.  Poor Willoughby. He will always regret  you.  But does it follow that, had he chosen  me, he would have been content?  He would have had a wife he loved  but no money--and might soon have  learned to rank the demands of his  pocket-book far above the demands of  his heart.  If his present regrets are half as  painful as mine, he will suffer  enough.  Do you compare your conduct with  his?  No. I compare it with what it ought  to have been. I compare it with yours.  Our situations were very different.  My illness has made me consider the  past. I saw in my own behaviour  nothing but imprudence--and worse. I  was insolent and unjust to everyone--  --but you--you I wronged above all.  Only I knew your heart and its sorrows  but even then I was never a grain  more compassionate. I brought my  illness upon myself--I wanted to  destroy myself. And had I succeeded,  what misery should I have caused  you?  I shall mend my ways! I shall no  longer worry others nor torture  myself. I am determined to enter on  a course of serious study---Colonel  Brandon has promised me the run of  his library and I shall read at least  six hours a day. By the end of the  year I expect to have improved my  learning a very great deal.  You'll go blind if you're not careful.  Is Thomas back from Exeter, Betsy?  Yes, ma'am--he brung back two lovely  fillets for you.  Beef is far less expensive in Exeter,  and anyway they are for Marianne.  Sixpence a piece, Miss Dashwood. Oh,  and he says Mr Ferrars is married,  but I suppose you know that, ma'am.  Fetch Thomas to us, Betsy.  It was a very good price, Thomas,  well done. Would you be so kind as  to build up the fire a little?  Who told you that Mr Ferrars was  married, Thomas?  Was Mr Ferrars in the carriage with  her?  Did--  Did Mrs Ferrars seem well?  Thank you, Thomas.  Your father once told me not to allow  you to neglect yourself. Now I find  that it is I who have neglected you  most.  No, Mamma.  Yes, I have. We all have. Marianne  is right.  I am very good at hiding.  Then we must observe you more closely.  Mamma?  Yes, my darling?  There is a painful difference between  the expectation of an unpleasant  event and its final certainty.  Marianne! Marianne! Come and see  what is coming!  'At last I have found a small enough  instrument to fir the parlour. I  expect to follow it in a day or two,  by which time I expect you to have  learned the enclosed. Your devoted  friend, Christopher Brandon.'  He must like you very much, Marianne.  It is not just for me! It is for all  of us.  Here is Colonel Brandon! Marianne!  I do not think it is the Colonel.  It must be. He said he would arrive  today. You must play him the new  song, Marianne.  Edward!  It is Edward!  Calm. We must be calm.  Mr Ferrars for you, ma'am.  Edward! What a pleasure to see you.  Thank you, Edward, we are all very  well.  We have been enjoying very fine  weather.  Well, we have.  May I wish you great joy, Edward.  I hope you have left Mrs Ferrars  well?  Is Mrs Ferrars at the new parish?  I meant to enquire after Mrs Edward  Ferrars.  Mrs Robert Ferrars?  Then you--are not married.  He's sitting next to her!  Margaret, come down!/Is he?  Margaret! Will you stop--  What's happening now?  Marianne!  He's kneeling down!  Oh! Is he? Oh!  Your mother, I suppose, will hardly  be less angry with Robert for marrying  Lucy.  --no doubt because she had run out  of sons to disinherit.  Me and Colonel Brandon!  