I once read somewhere that one quarter of all the people in the United States have at least one relative who has lived in Brooklyn at one time or another. And what are you, his chaperone? Ah-hah, I see. A cozy dinner. But aren't threesomes a little awkward? How does the phrase go-- And how many people will be attending this birthday party? And what's the occasion of this celebration? An invitation? No! At least I don't think I am! What! Wonderful. When your next book is published, maybe you could come into the store and do a signing. I'm sure we could get a lot of people to show up. Okay. I'll read it tonight and call you tomorrow. It doesn't seem to be too long. I get off for lunch in ten minutes. Can I treat you to a hamburger? I'd love to. Almost done. A week or ten days, and I'll be there. It's been a while. I thought maybe you'd be in touch. What happened? Jesus, what happened to you? Which explains why this hasn't been the easiest summer of my life. That's the subject of my last chapter. Of course I fool around. But not so much when it comes to my work, it's true. Have you ever read Pierre, or the Ambiguities? Visions of Utopia in Nineteenth-Century American Fiction. American literature. What else? It's just a summer job. Something to help pay the bills while I finish my dissertation. Muncie, Indiana. He and my mother met as students. But I'm from Brooklyn. My sisters and I were all born and bred right here. Until she was twelve. She moved here in 'forty-nine. I keep waiting for the next novel to come out. Anything in the works? I thought I recognized you. You're Paul Benjamin the writer, aren't you? Will that be cash or charge?Henry told Cyrus he'd kill him if he ever showed his face around our house again. When Henry makes a threat like that, people tend to take him seriously. No, I don't suppose it has. He was broken up like nobody's business in that hospital when he found out Louisa was dead. Jesus had nothing to do with it. If He'd been involved. He would have seen to it that things worked out the opposite from what they did. Don't put words in my mouth. What I'm saying is she drove off in Cyrus's car and went to the Five-Spot Lounge with him for a drink. What I'm saying is that he imbibed too much in the way of alcohol and that when they finished their little talk three hours later and got back in the car, he was in no shape to drive. But he drove the car anyway, and before he could get her back to where she lived, the damn fool ran a red light and went straight into a truck. Louisa got thrown through the windshield and was killed. Cyrus lived, but he came out of it a cripple. His left arm was so mangled, the doctors had to cut it off. Small punishment for what he did, if you ask me. His father walked out on his mother a couple of months after he was born. Louisa was Henry's younger sister, and she and the baby moved in with us. Four or five years go by, and then one day Cyrus shows up out of the blue, tail between his legs, wanting to patch things up with Louisa. I thought Henry was going to tear Cyrus apart when he saw him walk through the door. They're both big men, those two, and if they ever started to tangle, you'd see some teeth jumping on the floor. I guarantee it ... So Cyrus persuaded Louisa to go out with him to talk things over in quiet. And the poor girl never came back. And nothing. Thomas looked at me straight in the eye and said, "I don't have a father. As far as I'm concerned, that son-of-a-bitch is dead." I figured he had a right to know. Well, one thing I suppose, but I don't think it has anything to do with this. A friend of mine called about two weeks ago and said she'd spotted Thomas's father working at some gas station outside of Peekskill. No thank you. He's in trouble, all right. But I don't have any idea what it is. Which brings me back to my original question. What was he doing here in the first place? His mother's dead, and he hasn't seen his father in twelve years. He goes to John Jay High School in Brooklyn. I always knew that boy had an imagination, but now he's gone and made up a whole new life for himself. Do you mind if I sit down? He's been living with me and his uncle Henry since he was a baby. And we don't live in Manhattan. We live in Boerum Hill. In the projects. His parents? Is that what he told you? His parents? I just want to know where he is. And what was he doing here in the first place? That's what I want to know. What's a man like you messing around with a black boy like Thomas for? Are you some kind of pervert, or what? Rashid? Rashid! Is that what he told you his name was? Thomas Cole. Thomas Jefferson Cole. My nephew. Don't give me any of that. I know he's been here. You can't fool me, mister. I'm looking for my nephew, Thomas. What do you mean, how'd I get in? I pushed the door and walked in. What do you think? I just want to know what your game is, mister, that's all. Is your name Paul Benjamin?An abortion, stupid. I had an abortion the day before yesterday. So you don't have to bug me about that shit anymore. Bye-bye, baby! Yeah, well, there ain't no baby in there now. You dig? There's nothing in there now. Baby? And what baby is that? Help? What the fuck do I need your help for? I've got a man, don't I? That's more than you can say for yourself, Hawkeye. I don't got no daddy, you dig? I got born last week when some dog fucked you up the ass. What do you want me to say? Well what? Yeah? Who is it?Anything, Auggie. Just name it. I'm sorry, baby. I can't help it. I can't believe it. Oh God, I can't believe it. You're an angel, Auggie. An angel from heaven. For keeps? And you're giving it to me? Jesus God, Auggie. There's money in here. What's this? Bully for you. Are you calling me a liar? I'm telling you I'm broke. I don't even have insurance on my goddamned car. I'd never be able to talk her into it. And even if I could, those things cost money. And that's just what I don't have. I'm flat out dead broke. Dream on, Auggie. She'll be lucky to make it to her nineteenth birthday. Yeah? And what else am I supposed to do? There's no baby anymore, and if she wants to throw away her life, that's her business. I don't have much choice, do I? It's pretty clear she doesn't want me around. You told me you wanted to meet him. Well,here he is. When I told her I was going to bring her father, she kind of melted. It's the first time Felicity's talked nice to me since she left home. She's dying to meet you, Auggie. She looks just like you. Wait till you see her, Auggie. That I wasn't bullshitting you, sweetheart. At least you'll know I've been telling the truth. Relax, okay? You don't have to do anything. Just go in there and pretend. It won't kill you to do a little favor like that. Besides, you might even learn something. It was the only way, Auggie. Otherwise, she wasn't going to let me see her. I told her she was going to meet her father. Dammit, Auggie, don't ask so many questions. Just get in the car. Just get in and shut up. I'm not asking you to do anything. I just need you to come with me. Get in, Auggie. I've got something to show you. You're a cold-hearted bastard, aren't you? How'd you ever get so mean, Auggie? I thought I could handle it. I didn't want to bug you. I thought I could handle it on my own, but I couldn't. She's in real bad, Auggie. Who the hell knows? He dropped out of sight fifteen years ago. Then why do you think I married Frank? I was already pregnant, and I didn't have much time. Say what you like, but at least he gave my kid a name. And that's how Felicity came into the picture. During one of those two seconds. It fizzled, baby. That's the way it goes. But we had our times, didn't we? It wasn't all bad. It was over with Bill before you ever came home. Maybe you don't remember it now, but you were pretty hot to see me back then. You didn't write to me for more than a year. What was I supposed to think? Why would I lie to you, Auggie? You think it was easy to come here and walk into this place? Why would I do it if I didn't have to? I don't know who else to turn to, Auggie. It means "happiness." Her name is Felicity, and she just turned eighteen. She ran away from Pittsburgh last year, and now she's living in some shit-hole here in Brooklyn with a guy named Chico. Strung out on crack, four months pregnant. I can't bear to think about that baby. Our grandchild, Auggie. Just think of it. Our grandchild. Don't rush me, okay? You're jumping to conclusions before I've even said anything. And besides, it's not for me. It's for our daughter. Like what you're doing. I'm not going to eat you up. I need your help, and if you keep staring at me like that. I might start screaming. Don't look at me like that. Auggie. It gives me the creeps. This is private, Auggie. Just between you and I. I've got something to talk to you about, and the least you can do is listen. You owe me that much. I drove all the way from Pittsburgh to see you, and I'm not going until you've heard me out. You always were a son-of-a-bitch, weren't you? A little weasel with a quick, dirty mouth. I don't want to talk about it. If you really want to know. I lost it. And I'm not sorry I did. That eye was cursed, Auggie, and it never gave me nothing but grief. You're looking good, Auggie. Eighteen and a half years. What are you talking about? Your baby. The baby you're carrying around inside you. You can do whatever you want with your own life. We're thinking of the baby, that's all. We want you to get yourself cleaned up for the baby. Before it's too late. Be nice, sweetie. We're just here to help you. I don't know. Hello, Mom. Hello, Dad. Something like that. Aren't you going to say anything? Well? It's me, honey. It's Mom.