What's wrong, Harvey? What are you  doing up? What is it? Harvey... Omigod, Harvey! Harvey, wake up! Well, look at this! All the  superheroes on the porch! Ain't that  cute. We got Superman here, Batman, his  sidekick ROBIN, ohh, The Green Lantern  even... And what about you young man? Who are you supposed to be? Harvey Pekar? That doesn't sound  like a super hero to me... I already told you, I'm waiting for  a call! Oh yeah? Since when is this your  private office?! Since you can kiss my ass. Ay, what are you looking at? Maricone! Exactly what it looks like. Look, your plebeian lifestyle isn't  working for me anymore. Cleveland's  not working for me anymore. I gotta  get out of here before I kill myself. Thank you, Harvey dear. C'mon, Harv. You dig Jay McShann.  You gonna buy that or what? You are one cheap bastard Harvey. You collect Jay McShann, man? Yeah but most of my records are back  in Philly. This PETER WHEAT book is by Walt  Kelly... It's pretty rare. Nah! Not yet. I hadn't thought about it. It's just  an exercise. You're spitting on me, Harvey. Check it out, man. Pretty scary. Uh-huh. I dunno, man. I gotta go visit this  chick in New York. And I'm really  busy with the comic book stuff. It's  good bread and all man but I'm getting  fed up with the whole scene. Yeah, I dunno. Yeah, my ashes and some crappy  doodles. It's not like I'm Blind  Lemon Jefferson or Big Mama Thornton. Yeah, well that's true... Man, Old Jewish Ladies will argue  forever with a cashier about anything.  Get behind them in a line an' yer  gonna wait forever! I mean, I'm a yid myself, an' the  women in my family are like that...  But I never got used to it... I may  be cheap, but I got limits! Wake up! You're whole life's gettin'  eaten away by this kinda crap! What  kind of existence is this? Is this  all a workin' stiff like you can  expect? Ya gonna suffer in silence  fer the rest a' yer life?! Or ya  gonna make a mark. Huh? Huh? Uh-huh. Pass me the ketchup? These are about you. You turned yourself into a comic  hero? These are really good, Harv. Yeah. This is great stuff, man. I  dig it. Can I take them home and  illustrate them? Hey, what's up with your voice, Harv?  All of a sudden it sounds fine. Hey look guys, here comes Captain  America. Ah, lousy. All's I got wuz armaround. Next! Hey, you're Harvey Pekar. Alice Quinn. From school. What happened to you? You just  disappeared after one semester. Well, you're doing okay anyway. I  heard all about your jazz reviews  and your comics. Sure, you're famous. Meanwhile I got  my degree but I'm just a plain old  wife and mother. You're luckier than you think. My  husband and kids make it impossible  for me to cuddle up with a good book. That's one of my favorites. I think you'll be pleasantly  surprised. It's certainly not a  Hollywood happy ending, but it's  pretty truthful. Which is rare these  days... This is me. Can I give ya a lift somewhere? Well, we should have you over sometime  for dinner. I'll work on it. Nice seeing ya Harvey. What happened to the new American  Splendor? All of them? Damn it! I put one aside for myself,  next to the register. I didn't even  get a chance to read it. Maybe I'll call the publisher. But  they take so damn long. Shit! Why  does everything in my life have to  be such a complicated disaster... Greetings from the second smallest  state in the union, an endless  plastics and nylon plantation  controlled by giant chemical  corporations. To make matters more dismal, there  are no decent comic book stores in  my town, which is why my partner and  I opened one ourselves. Despite our steadily faltering  business, my partner managed to sell  the last copy of American Splendor  #8 out from under me. I'm a big fan  and I hate to wait for a new order.  Is there any way I can get it from  you direct? Sincerely, Joyce Brabner. I'm a sometime activist and I teach  writing to prisoners. I try to help  them build an interior life and make  art out of their monotonous,  suffocating routine. I'm divorced, thank god. Cleveland? You think that's a good  idea? I don't know. Where would I stay? I'm not worried about that... Hold on, I just spilled chamomile  tea all over my bathrobe. Well, the way all those different  artists draw you, I don't quite know  what to expect. I mean sometimes you  look like a younger Brando, but then  the way Crumb draws you -- like a  hairy ape with all those stinky,  wavy lines radiating off your body --  it's kind of scary. That's a dangerous offer. I'm a  notorious reformer... Hi, Harvey. We finally meet in person. Nothing. I guess I never imagined you eating  in a place like this. It's fine. What difference does it  make? You're a vegetarian? Hmm. I support and identify with  groups like PETA, but unfortunately  I'm a self-diagnosed anemic. Also, I  have all these food allergies to  vegetables that give me serious  intestinal distress. I guess I have  a lot of borderline health disorders  that limit me politically when it  comes to eating. Not yet. But I expect to be. Everyone  in my family's got some kind of  degenerative illness. I've seen worse. Harvey, go get me water and a few  aspirin. No, but I want to avoid one. I had a nice time with you, too. Don't make people repeat themselves.  It's annoying. C'mere... Harvey? Which door's the bathroom? Ugh! I don't know. I think that yuppie  food did me in. Chamomile tea? What the hell's a guy  like you doing with that? I thought  you drink soda pop for breakfast. Harvey, we better skip this whole  courtship thing and just get married. Me too. Not really. I find most American  cities depressing in the same way. I agree with Toby. I think it's a  story of hope and tolerance. Harvey, what did I say about loud  talking? Use your inside voice. That's enough, Harvey. What about these 78's, Harvey? Can't  you sell them to one of those  collectors? Forget it then. I give up! How can I  make more storage space, if you won't  get rid of anything? Everything's your good stuff. How am  I supposed to live here, if there's  no room for me? That's because you're obsessive  compulsive Harvey. I don't care if you wanna hear it or  not. You're the poster child for the  DSM III. I'll have you know that I  come from a very dysfunctional family.  I can spot personality disorders a  mile away... Borderline autistic! Polymorphously Perverse. Paranoid Personality Disorder. Delusions of grandeur. Y'know Harvey, vasectomies are  reversible. Are you listening to me? I said  vasectomies are reversible. I know but things have changed. I  think we can be a family. I'll take care of the kid and you. I didn't touch it, Harvey. Would you  let me sleep? It happens to be Saturday you selfish  sonofabitch! And don't you go telling  me what to do. I'm the one who moved  into your city, into your home, into  your vasectomy and into your screwed- up life. The least you could do is  allow me to live here my way. I'm not hungry. Merchandising. People like this show? Wait a minute. Where's the doll? Such brilliant repartee... I'm beginning to wonder. Pandering is more like it. Damnit. I'm trying to get some news. You  know there's a big story about to  break about the US selling arms to  Iran and the Contras. Ugh. Just forget it. Finally something good. Watch this. Megalomaniac. Harvey, I've been reading about these  kids who grew up in war zones...  Palestinians, Israelis, El  Salvadorians, Cambodians... These  kids are amazing and they're -- Anyway, I want to do a political  comic book about these kids. There's  a conference in Jerusalem in a few  weeks, and I can start by doing  interviews there. Y'know why? 'Cause I don't give a  damn about the Letterman show. I  want to work on something important  to me. Something that matters. Harvey... you're yelling... Harvey, you'll survive a few weeks  alone. I guess you did it this time. If you met those kids over there and  saw what they go through, you wouldn't  ask that of me. It's not open for discussion, Harvey.  I need this in my life right now. But I do appreciate the fact that  you missed me so much. C'mere... Harvey, what is that? I don't understand, does "tumor"  mean the same thing as "cancer"? That's a positive thing. Stop it! You're not going to die,  Harvey. You're not. Harvey, look at me and focus. We are  going to get through this. I  understand illness. I know how to  handle these things. Yes, you can. And I'll tell you how.  You'll make a comic book out of the  whole thing. You'll document every  little detail. And that way you'll  remove yourself from the experience  until it's over. Fine. I'll do it without you. Right -- the artist. Come on in. Hi, Danielle. What's that you're  holding? A pony. A pony? What's his name? She's a girl. Clarissa. Oh, I see. Well, I'm Joyce. Nice to  meet both you and Clarissa. He's going to work until next week,  when he starts the chemo. That's why  I wanna get this project started  now. Once he's stuck here, I know  he'll take over. What's wrong, Harvey? What are you  doing up? What is it? Harvey... Omigod, Harvey! Harvey, wake up! What is it Harvey? I like reading them backward. Is that you? You look like a monster. Me?? What story? Maybe I want to write my own comic. I don't know yet. But not about you.  You have enough already. Do you have to hold my hand? No Harvey. You're just squeezing it  too hard. Joyce is right. You are obsessive  compulsive. 