Fine. But only if we recover the cash. And how much did you say you wanted for this... What did you call it? A finder's fee? I think so. The airport's going to be crawling with police. Traffic will be a nightmare. Go down to the bar. If they pull it off, great. Have someone deal with Ashby. Let's see... Let's suppose he gets to Customs and he gets caught. We get our money back, but then we have to deal with a criminal investigation. I don't much like that idea. Then again, let's suppose he actually gets through Customs. Now, that'll be something. We recover the money in cash and let the insurance cover the corporate fraud. We double our money.You're welcome. I was just going to ask you if you'd like to join us. Really? Wish we had met eight hours ago. Don't tell me you started a tech firm here before us. So we've been meeting with banks all day. It's amazing how many ways they can say "no" without ever using the word. On me. For the seat. Cheers. That's right. So, brainiacs that we are, we thought we'd be innovative and relocate east. Try our luck with a straight corporate loan out here. It's more like what aren't I doing. My partners and I are trying to secure start up capital for a small tech company. We tried the venture capitalist route in the Valley, but then again who hasn't up there. Oh god. I'm overbearing and rude. Lily. Lily Finn. Brutal day. They say the streets are lined with money down here, but I guess you have to know the secret handshake. What are you drinking? Thanks for playing along. I just have to sit for a while. But I'm not that late. You didn't have to give away my seat. That's it? What are you talking about? We can still do this! So what? We just stay clear of him. I'm going home It's alright. Grant's one of the good guys. So far, masters of our own demise. What bank are you with? No, I want my cut! You sold me out. You should have trusted me like I trusted you. You fucked up. You fucked up HUGE. You got my cell. Leave a message. Your friend, Big Al? It should have been you. No, I want my cut! What about the money? What about... Everyone's working an angle, right? You are such a raving pussy sometimes. Jesus... Take it easy. You know why I told you that, Jake? Because I trust you too. I don't know. I packed up my shit and ran away. To this... So unlike you, I guess I do have something to prove, in a repressed anger sort of way. After Glenn was finished, he gave me a couple of valiums and I went home. The next day, I finished my shift and met him around back, like we always did. I stuck a number eight scalpel into his chest. Three or four times. Shit, what was that guy's name? I really liked him. Then he grabbed me and threw me down on the floor, that really cold linoleum tiled hospital floor and started ripping my uniform off. He said he was going to "fuck some sense into me." Sort of. I was telling him about this great love of my life who's name I don't remember, and I could see... He was getting pissed. I thought it was just because he was worried about me, but... He told me that I was stupid because my boyfriend didn't really love me. No, we never got busted. We were done with a shift one night, both a couple of Percocets down and I was telling Glenn about my boyfriend, about how we were thinking about doing it, you know? I was thinking about letting him be my first because I loved him. What the hell was his name? We were friends. I trusted him. I should have known it was weird. But, then again I was weird. He wasn't my boyfriend. I had a boyfriend at the time... What was his name? Anyway, Glenn was like thirty. I was only fifteen. But he was a nice guy. Real sweet. Liked to talk. We used to get loaded on pills from the nurses station and then listen to Morrisey or some stupid shit like that. Not the way I did it. I was loaded half the time. I don't know how you could change bedpans sober. I used to hang out with this guy, Glenn. He was an x-ray technician or something. Who says you have to know the King to be in a hole? I actually did have a real job once. When I was in high school, I worked as a candy striper. WHAT? You have really soft hands. Like a baby's. How do you know I will? So that was my part? Smile and shake my ass? It's more than that. Whatever. But you... I get the feeling you could have bullshitted your way into anything. So why this? I'm your basic underachiever. Can't stand working and porn doesn't seem like a good option. Do you have something to prove? Why? Your mother not breast feed you or something? I think you'd do it for free. You're almost drooling. You like the rush. Look at you... You want to go. We're getting down to the wire. Apparently another company has a similar product in R&D right now. If they beat us to it... Did I miss something? You told me to change my hair! Lighten up. I gotta go get a haircut. He's gone. Uh... Everything okay? Then show me how. You're just going to have to trust me. Why? What? It's just that I left my asshole decoder ring at home, so how do I know not to worry? What the hell's his problem? Mr. King, I think -- Hey, I'm not just along for the ride, so I don't want to hear any bullshit later about a smaller cut. What about Customs? What do I have to do? No. What's my cut? Here's my deal -- Don't waste my time. What do you want me for anyway? You don't even know me. Gee thanks. Now I don't have to find that bridge to jump off. Oooh. Sassy. What do you care who feels me up, Jake? Unless it kinda gotcha going. Did it, Jake? Getcha going? Says who? Sorry about your wallet, but if you think I'm going to suck dick over thirty seven dollars, a maxed out Visa and a bad fake I.D., you're fucking crazy. Jake. That's not -- What is this? You guys cops or something?You guys awake? Let's just say he burned me once. Did he buy it? Look, I'm not a confrontational person by nature. I want him for something big and to do that, we have to catch him in the act. Preliminary forensics suggests he was sitting there, bloated and purple in his egg foo young for at least seventy two hours. Alfonse was not a small man and there was a lot of food ordered, so you can imagine the smell. Bad for the neighbors, good for me because in all the time I've been looking for Jake, this is only the second time I've even gotten a whiff of him. You are Officer Richard Rottovich. And this would be Officer Walter Sobozinski. I'm looking for Jake Vig. He's headed towards the eastern most exit. Do not, under any circumstances approach. I want to follow this all the way down to Vig. You guy's are not working with me here. I just got off the phone with my boss. After he got done ripping me a new Lincoln Tunnel size asshole, he let me know exactly how little I'm welcome back if we come up short. And now here you guys are, WASTING MY FUCKING TIME! Good... I gotta go. So, what do you have for me? Literally. It's not a bad deal, gentleman. I get peace of mind. You get Detective Sheilds. But this is the best part, Walter... Walter, your daughter will get to keep her braces and have that winning smile. Capice? Not everyone's on the take, Walter. Peace of mind. You help me catch him. Whatever he's into next, I want you to be into. And what you're into, I'm into. If it all goes well, those two guys from IAD will never have to hear this tape. I'll clear you guys of anything you've ever done with Vig under the guise of some cross- departmental investigation. This prick's been on the wish list for so long, you'll probably get gold shields out of it. Do you want to know the first time I had a line on Vig? He sent me a birthday card. Belated, but it's the thought, right? Oh, this prick's got a sense of humor. But, then again you guys probably know him better than I do. In fact, I've only met the guy once. But now, now I have you. The next best thing. His partners. His "Fix." I've been looking for this Jake Vig for some time now. Problem is, the guy's the invisible man. A spook, a spectre, a ghost. Then, like a gift, Jake's good buddy and member of his crew, Alfonse Moorely, is found the other day with a hole in his head.I'm sorry. I'm sorry. With identification. That's no problem. We have those in stock. What was it? I'm sorry. Nothing under Pearson. Do you have a ticket?