I have to save Eugene! What did you see? Speed up. Another premonition? What did you see? What am I looking for? I don't think so. Alex's premonitions happened exactly as he saw them no matter how much we tried to change it. Six duds in a row. Are you crazy? What makes you think you'd survive? What are you doing? You're going to kill us! How you doing in there, hero? So let's do it. Please, what else could it mean? Then it wasn't just a sign. It was a premonition? You were there? You have to tell us now. I hope you're ready for this. I didn't beat it; I hid from it. If you were smart you'd put a down payment on a burial plot and say goodbye to the dog, because what little life you have left is over as you know it. Don't make new friends, don't fall in love, and don't ever bother trying to save others. That's the worst killer of them all. That's what Alex used to ask himself right up until... If you have the same power as Alex, you'll be seeing signs soon. When you see anything creepy or ominous, an in-your-face irony kinda thing? Don't ignore it. It usually means the difference between life and death. That's good. Get all your tears out now, you'll need your eyes. For the signs. Congratufuckinglations. That makes you last to go. But don't worry, once the others are dead, it'll come back for you. Always does. The survivors of Flight 180 died in the exact order they were originally meant to die in the plane crash. That was Death's original design. Death's list. The precise order you're going to die in. Well, if you put them on the list, they're already tits up. Nice work. Maybe if you're real lucky, you'll wind up in here with me. But I doubt you'll survive that long. Yeah, how? Kimberly Burroughs, eh? What do you want? She had the baby? A guard grabbed me before I could find Eugene. If only Alex and I had done that with the others, Alex might still be... We need to hurry. Make sure all these people will be at the meeting tonight. Holy shit. He said "only new life can defeat death." If she gives birth to a baby that was never meant to be born, a brand new soul that was never part of Death's Design... He probably already knows we're coming. A mortician. He seemed to know a hell of a lot more about death than he ever told us. That's why Death is working backwards. It's tying up all the loose ends, sealing the rift once and for all This chapter of the screenplay contains scene that do not appear or occur elsewhere in the final movie. In order to maintain the integrity of the screenplay, it has not been edited. Being alive after our time caused an outward ripple - a rift in Death's design. Your entire world view just went out the window. I couldn't expect a religious conversation overnight. We'll get through this. I promise. Random, sure. What about you, Kimberly? Did you anyone from Flight-? Carter. What about the rest of you? Kimberly, you were driving to Daytona. Was Route 18 your first choice? The only reason he was on Route 18 was because he own the lottery and had to collect the winnings.Do you want to deliver this baby? Please. It's not going to wait. Take my van! Jorge. When I get out of here I'm going to sue his cheating ass off. What do you mean "grand theft auto?" This is insane.I never mad it. The Greyhound bus I was on splattered some chick all over the road and we had to stop. I got that beat. So like, last May, I was supposed to stay at this cheesy bed and breakfast in Pennsylvania. There was a major gas leak no one knew about and all the guests suffocated during the night. Yeah? Eighteen. And it's "Hebrew". This can't be happening. My career's at a peak, I finally met a cute guy, I just bought a new house... First I'm stuck with Jury Duty, now this nonsense.No! It can't be. I was dead. And came back to life. An EEG machine. Where's Eugene? Yeah, fuck 'em. No offense. What do you want me to do? Yes. I was in a hospital. There was screaming... A nurse was choking me. I couldn't tell what she looked like, but the name tag was right in my face. Kalarjian. No, it's not here. This one was different. More like the pile up and the van going into the lake. This makes no sense. Isabella was supposed to crash her van into a lake. Could we have altered her destiny when we had her arrested? And when it was Rory's turn to die, and Thomas was in the way? What happened when Eugene tried to kill himself out of turn? No. If anyone dies from a crash now, it'll be me. But I can't die if Eugene and Isabella are still alive. I'm last on Death's list. What about that? So if you give us the pregnant lady's number, we can warn her about the lake and she'll live long enough to have the baby. I can practically taste the water in my throat. And something else. The smell of flowers... I was driving a white van. It must've gone out of control because it crashed into a lake and I drowned. It was...horrible. I...I... The second one just dies. A 16 year old kid. How can you say that? What kind of monster are you? The songs on the radio. But wait. I don't understand. Why is this even happening to me? Signs? That still doesn't make sense. You said you die in the same order you were originally meant to. But Evan Shaeffer died last in my premonition, not first. Officer Burke pulled me away from the crash that killed my friends. Exact order? Then I'm next! I was meant to die with my friends, so I'm next! What list? It's not just about me. Someone I saved died last night in a freak accident. What if the others are in danger, too? I had a premonition about the Route 18 pile up... I saved some people. And now I think Death is after me. I thought...I thought you might be able to help me. For God's sake, leave him alone, Dad. Welcome back. We did it. For real. You can't cheat destiny. I know what I have to do to save us. I have to die. I'm not sure... I don't think Isabella was ever destined to die in the pile- up. I don't...what if I made a mistake? I know how it feels to be dead. Shouldn't we pull over? I think a nurse named Kalarjian is going to choke Isabella to death! Don't worry. Nothing can happen to us. He can't breathe damn it. I think his lung's collapsed! How do you know? Are you thinking what I'm thinking? How are we going to find her? There must be thousands of white vans in this state. It throws the entire Death list out of whack. And a new list has to be rewritten from scratch. We all start over with a clean slate. Yeah, I thought he was supposed to be helpful. This is cheery. We have to tell her she's in danger! Turn around. The cleaning woman said they're at the dentist's. 14th and Main. They're next on the list. We have to find them. Pigeons... It's a sign! If Clear's right about the order, then Nora and Tim are going to be attacked by Pigeons! Clean up? I don't... Then you believe all this?? That Death is working off a list? Evan Shaeffer's dead. ...My Premonition was just like his. Billboards about accidents. Kids yelling "pile up" for no reason. It all felt...just wrong. Just like... The log truck...and everybody I guess. Everyone was driving like a maniac. And somehow I knew something horrible was going to happen, even before it did. Like I said, it was like I was there. I remember everything. The sounds of the crashes, the smells, the look on Shaina's face... You're not listening to me! You have to do something! THAT's the truck that's going to kill everyone! There's going to be a pile up. Logs. Bodies everywhere. I saw it happen. It happened. Highway to Hell, Highway to Hell. There's going to be a huge accident! Everyone's gonna die, all of us, I saw it! There's going to be a huge accident! Everyone's gonna die. All of us! I saw it! What's the chance of finding a nice mature guy once we get to Daytona? I can live with thaaaa -- This trip better be worth it. What's the guy-girl ratio again? No, I'm good. I guess so. I...I don't know. Sure. I don't know what's weirder, the dialing a wrong number part or that Death would set you up nine months in advance. More than that. All the songs on the radio were about car crashes. Some kid's banging toy cars together. She was dialing her cell phone with her headset on. His car was leaking oil all over the road. I used to have those feelings, too. But that's when I'd think of Mom. Her strength...and courage. And I'd pray that maybe I'd grow up to be as brave as she was. And the bad thoughts would go away. I love you too, Dad. Goodnight. That it's not over yet. I know it's crazy, but I'm really scared for the others. I've got this terrible feeling. I will, Dad. Bye, luv you. You got it, Dad. I'll call you if I have a problem. Hey, Dad. What's up? I know, Dad. I know this is the first time we've been apart since. But everything's gonna be okay. Relax, Dad. It's Daytona, not Mongolia. Thanks, Dad. I'll call you.Nice try, kiddo. Yeah? You're all certifiable, you know that? I can't believe I've been listening to this crap. Come on, Tim, let's go outside. What on Earth are they doing? I know, we'll be there soon.For Christ sakes girl, take a breath. Relax, you need to chill the fuck out. What is it? What are you? What is it? What are you? How does a nice mature fuck sound? Get ready to smile, five guys per girl. Want me to drive?