I really think we should go back... Mister Biller... now that we can see the lake, I think we should follow the shoreline to -- I didn't think there were any houses up here... I know... but we left the main trail... and I can't find any landmarks around here... I've been trying to figure it out but... I think we're lost. Mister Biller? Okay... well... I think it's this way... Just a deer, Mister Biller. Part of the local wildlife. Logging? We'll need an environmental impact study for that... That's not true... No, but... I don't think the people who live around here would like that very much... Jas... Jason Voorhees... he's here... Oh my god... this is his house... _we're in his fucking house_... He... he's here... Other guy? I don't know... This is Janet Davenport -- I'm the Realtor. Hello?Come on. _Krueger_... His camera... it's still recording. It's still on. What's going on? Fuck you. I know how this sounds, but that's what happened. What? Quite a circus. I seem to recall arguing the same thing in court while you were trying to file murder-one charges. Two. Did you find a scalpel? Did you find a murder weapon? And this hand... it... it slashed Doctor Layton's throat... and the Deputy. Then it grabbed Danny by the head... And it pulled his head right down into his chest... I couldn't... Hayes lays a hand his shoulder. Jason's. It came out of his chest... a hand with long blades on the fingers... That's right... it... it came right out of his chest... He doesn't look like he's going anywhere, Bill. And if necessary, I can get a judicial order reaffirming the right of my client to speak to his attorney in private. A house? I thought that was Ted Bundy. What are the charges? Three. Where's my client? "Zombie Sluts From Beyond the Grave." You watch this garbage? I don't know if anything's going to work in this case. Therefore, we have to try everything. Wrong. Jason can't get a fair trial because of _these_. So... why can't Jason get a fair trial? Now... I think the video store's open for another couple of hours. Let's go. It's all right. Now... we're going to need a really good head-doctor for this. Someone who can get up on the stand and tell the jury that our client is mentally insane and has been for years... We'll go through a dozen doctors before we find one who's willing to testify for us. I think it's our best bet. They're taking apart his house right now... they found weapons, blood, a mountain of evidence. We can't say he was framed. My client... is dead. But I think he's a free man. Are you all right? Let's split up. You take the left side, I'll take the right. We'll meet in front of the Cineplex. Ten minutes... How long will the effect last? So you think it might counteract Krueger's ability to make us hallucinate? What's that? Then we're all in a lot of trouble. Krueger's in the real world... maybe he's mortal, like us. I used to go hunting with my father when I was a kid. Krueger's the greater danger right now. We have to stop him. _Springwood_. That's where he'll go. That's where he's always gone. But Springwood's not like Crystal Lake. There's a couple hundred thousand people there. He could be anywhere. I don't know... but I think he's pissed. If I'm right, this happened before the Krueger murders in Springwood. That means that Jason might've been Krueger's first victim. So Krueger thinks Jason's dead... leaves him in the lake... but the boy actually wakes up on the shore... crawls off into the woods... where he lives the rest of his life alone. How's that possible? What are you doing? A cameraman caught him on videotape. Joe, I saw an entire sheriff's squad fighting and losing against an enemy that wasn't there... It was Krueger, wasn't it? I was there once... that was enough. Besides... I have to go out to Jason's house tomorrow. They're... digging up some new evidence. I'll have to lean on them pretty hard after what happened last night... but I think I can do it. Let me know what happens. Great. When can you do it? Not yet. So what do we do? That doesn't make sense. Yeah, what is it? Don't you see? Jason was _asleep_. And he was dreaming -- the REM patterns prove that. And I saw finger blades just like Krueger's come out of Jason's chest. There has to be a connection. That's right. The murders in the eighties were never solved. But... there were teenaged witnesses who said Krueger had the ability to appear in your dreams... and that if he killed you in a dream, it would kill you in the real world. Now.... according to the file, Krueger was burned to death in a fire in 1968. But get this -- beginning in 1984, there was _another_ series of murders in Springwood. All teenagers... all killed in their sleep... all killed with finger blades just like Krueger's. He was a child killer in the late sixties... in a town called Springwood about eight miles from here. Guess what his murder weapon was? A glove with six-inch blades. Well, I'm onto something more useful. You ever hear of a man named Fred Krueger? I think I'm onto something, Joe. He's my client, and this is important. Enjoy your waitresses. That's open to debate. There's a pizza place over on Market. How long will he need to be asleep? Then I'd say it's bedtime for Jason. How do we prove it? If we could prove that Jason suffers from this disorder... and that his homicidal behavior has been a direct result of a medical condition... So Jason doesn't sleep... how does that help us? Insomnolesence... That's pretty weird. Is it possible for someone to not sleep for months? Not much here. Jason was brought in a couple more times for insomnia... that's about it. Oh? What do you want -- a tidy psychological profile? You want to hear that I was falsely accused of a crime I didn't commit... and that's driven me to defend others? Or maybe you want to me to get in touch with my feelings... talk about my childhood... I don't "rationalize" anything. I'm his lawyer -- he's my client. That's all. My job is not to determine his guilt or innocence. That's up to the jury. My job is defend him. Well, Jason _was_ in a canoe accident in 1967 and presumed drowned. His mother died a few years later after a long bout with cancer. Some time in the early eighties, there were a string of murders out by Crystal Lake... People started saying it was Jason... back from the dead. That's the problem with this case. Everyone thinks they know Jason's life story. But they don't. What you're remembering is a _movie_. Fiction. In the movie, Jason's mother runs around, killing people after Jason drowns in Crystal Lake So? Well, I definitely feel sorry for you. August fourteenth, 1956... Jason was brought in by his mother, who said the boy hadn't slept for two weeks. Doctor prescribed Valium... This sexual obsession of yours. Have you considered going into therapy yourself? This is Jason Voorhees. They'll be looking for an excuse to send him to the chair. If we're going to argue insanity, we're going to need something a little more concrete. This is bad, Joe. The Prosecution is already putting together a team of psychiatric specialists. They'll argue exactly the opposite. They'll say he's just pretending to be catatonic and he's completely sane. Oh? He wets the bed? Doesnit sleep? Great. Is that what you're going to say when I put you on the stand? Well?What happened? Where's Jason? For the moment! You've only got about two minutes left! Hurry! Ruby takes off towards the Cineplex... We're down to seven minutes. If I give you a bigger dose, it'll give you a heart attack. About ten minutes. Ten CC's of this shit and you won't be dreaming about anything. _Neurolar_. It's a stimulant -- it's also a serotonin inhibitor. It suppresses all electrical activity in the hippocampus... the part of the brain that controls dreaming. And if he's not? Think it'll do any good? You know how to use one of those? Great. Now there's _two_ serial killers on the loose. Where's he going? Except this victim got away. I wonder if -- Alone... but with a murderous fury inside him... which led him to kill dozens of people. Jason's asleep... maybe he's dreaming of himself as a young boy... and that boy is sitting right here. I think he's some kind of projection from Jason's subconscious. This is Jason's REM pattern... and this is the boy's REM pattern. They're identical. Checking out a theory. Just keep talking to him. You saw him? It's all right. I'm simply in shock... this is what happens to people when they experience events they can't understand or comprehend. The mind shuts down temporarily and tries to shield itself from the horrific imagery it's been exposed to. I'm going to need a lot of therapy. You're not going to be there? Tomorrow. If you can clear it with the Sheriff's department. Then I'd say we should put Jason under again... run another tape on him and see what happens. We'll get extra data this time. Video... infrared... the works. I don't suppose I can go back to the University and chase young coeds again... pretend this whole thing never happened... Add it to the list. It's as though there were two people in that room... both of them asleep... both of them dreaming. _It's a second REM pattern_. See this? Yeah... I think I understand... You're drunk, too. Uh-huh... I thought you said Krueger burned to death. Fascinating. Krueger... doesn't ring a bell. Me too. I'm drunk. There's nothing to see here. He sleeps... we record it. That's all that happens. I'll take my chances. Come on, I'm buying. Cute waitresses? Well, that's it. He'll be asleep in a few minutes, but his first REM-cycle probably won't kick in for another hour or so. Is there a place we can get something to eat in this town? We're going to need at least two full REM cycles to get a clear neurological profile. Three hours minimum, six hours ideal. Simple. We sedate him, induce a somnolesent state, and study his REM patterns when he's unconscious. If he has the disorder, his REMS will be highly abnormal. Ruby smiles. Not guilty by reason of insanity. Case closed. Insomnolesence has been known to cause psychotic episodes... delusions... It's a neurological disorder affecting the hypothalamus. The part of the brain that causes sleepiness is inactive. They didn't know about it back in the sixties. Even now, it's not understood very well. It's rare... but there are cases where people go for years without sleep. They diagnosed Jason with simple insomnia... but that's not what it looks like to me. He has every indication of having _insomnolesence_. The mother said the boy hadn't slept for over three _months_. A physical examination showed dilated pupils, temperature of one-oh-two, blood chemistry highly imbalanced... Wait a minute. Let me see that. She hands him the file. You're obviously going through a critical moral dilemma. And you're putting up barriers against anyone who tries to probe your conscience. But it is heartening to know that you do have a conscience. No. You've told me all I need to know. That didn't sound very convincing. Don't get me wrong. I don't care. But the professional part of me is interested in how you rationalize what you do. So, what are you saying... that he didn't kill all those people? None of that's true? I thought she was a killer, too. You know... that she chopped up a bunch of teenage camp counselors... before she was decapitated. I don't believe it. Jason's mother died of ovarian cancer in 1969. No need. I'm self-diagnosed. I have severe nympholepsy... And I'm a bed-wetter. Nurses. That's why I went into medicine. Great. Battling head doctors. We'll confuse the jury enough to create a reasonable doubt. Hung jury. One of the deputies is pretty cute. I think she likes me. I always throw that in. It makes the jury feel sorry for the defendant. Insomnia. Not unusual for someone in his situation. Not to mention he's a bed-wetter. No. When you put me on the stand, I'll say your client is catatonic and exhibits classic symptoms of a schizophrenic, sociopathic personality. And he doesn't sleep. He's fucking nuts.