This is your stepfather who came to visit you? My stepfather?  No.   He's dead. I killed him. That's the first time you admit it. It means you're finally past the denial stage. This is good, Chloe. I never killed anyone who didn't deserve it. You only killed your stepfather as far as I know. I should've taken care of my mother. She knew all along.    You remind me of her. I remind you of your mother? Always so put together. Like you iron your underwear. Like your pussy is the apricot of the Promised Land and the bread of the -- Let's get back to your visitor last night. The Devil. Alright, the Devil. Why would the Devil visit you? It's already hell in here, what would he have to gain? He came to fuck an angel. I'm his dirty angel. He grabbed me by the hair while I sucked him and usually I love that, I just do -- maybe you can tell me why I love it so much -- but not this time, he was just too rough -- That's it until Monday. Try and get some sleep tonight, okay? Sure, Doctor. Crazy people hear messages from God. Not the Devil. You know that, right? I didn't say you were crazy. You don't have to say it. Dr. Graham. Same here. You're not shrink appropriate and you're about to get promoted. Everybody's afraid of something. Yourself. At least you should be. What are you up to this weekend? Doug wants to look at some Real Estate up at Willow's Creek. He thinks it's fun. Chloe McGrath -- talk about trying to empty the ocean with a tea cup. She's a mess. Don't start with that. I already turned down the job. We're staying. He's stuck at a school board meeting. Next Wednesday it is, Phil. Anybody hurt, Sheriff? If you say so. Will do. Wouldn't want him in trouble with the authorities. Hi, it's me. Are you there? Pick up, pick up. I'm on my way but I just got detoured so I'm... Stay on the line. Don't go anywhere. The weirdest thing just -- Hello? Hello? Wonderful. Hello?   Are you hurt?   Hello? Were you in an accident? Were you attacked? It's okay, I'm a doctor. My name is Miranda Grey... You're in shock right now, that's perfectly natural. I'm going to get you to the hospital. Okay? Don't be scared. It's going to be fine. Hands off me, okay? Tell me your name, do you remember your name? What are you doing? I'm trying to help you --?! Hello?   Somebody help me! What are you doing? I don't need to calm down.   What I need is an explanation Why here, why not in my office? I don't want an anticonvulsant, at least give me Valium. Jesus Christ, you're gonna knock me out? Ten milligrams. How would you feel if you woke up in a goddamn cell, dressed like this? Okay.    This better be good. I want to talk to my husband. Why would I pretend to be in any way relaxed? Two massive understatements. What is this? Why are you doing this to me? Hi, my name is Miranda Grey. I'm a psychiatrist. I transferred here to the Woodward Forensic Institute a little over a year ago. My job entails dealing with a ward of schizophrenic women between the ages of eighteen and fifty-fife -- I'm a doctor, yes? Or was medical school just an elaborate dream? Pete, how long have I been here? What? Doug must be worried sick.   I need to call him -- You're establishing my personality as fairly intellectual, you don't consider me impulsive or emotional. Yes, that's fair. And following this pattern of analysis, we're about to discuss a traumatic event that rendered this psychological profile useless, correct? You think I'm in denial. That I'm putting on a brave show -- that this is a 'cover' for some unbearable emotion I'm hiding. Why? I remember Friday night after work, if you say that was five days ago -- Anyway, I asked you what you were doing for the weekend and you said the usual and you made a joke about writing country songs and drinking yourself to sleep and I told you I was going to look at some real estate in Willows Creek with Doug. Then I drove home. I got home, I guess, and had dinner by myself because -- Because Doug had an alumni meeting at his school and he was going to get a ride back. He's the principal now, as you well know. But wait -- there was an accident before that, wasn't there? A girl -- she had been beaten. I took her to the hospital, right? No, the cops weren't there. They were back on Main Road. A knocked-down telephone post, correct? I saw the girl after that.   She was bleeding. No. There was no trouble in my marriage, I don't know what -- There is no trouble in my marriage. You just used the past tense; why? Did something happen to Doug? This is preposterous.    What's wrong with Doug? No, he's not. Don't tell me that. Don't tell me that. Are you -- sure? Not yet.   But I want to. Can I get some assistance here? Hello?! Irene?!   Anybody!? Wake up, wake up... You're dreaming. It's not real. An anxiety dream, that's all. That's all. This is dream logic. If it was real, they would have heard you scream. There are twenty employees on the night shift. Fact. At least twenty. I'm just dreaming. I'm dreaming, I'm dreaming, I'm dreaming, I'm dreaming. I'm dreaming, I'm dreaming -- Rise and shine, ladies! That means you, honey.   Up -- ! Rise and shine now.    Wake up. Easy now, it's okay. I need to see Peter Graham. And you have a session scheduled this afternoon -- Right now. He's not even in yet, now let go my arm, honey. Doctor Grey, if you don't mind. Actually I do mind. I start calling you 'doctor' and everybody else wants to be called 'doctor' -- Please. It's a bit different, wouldn't you say -- ? What do you think you're doing?    I want to speak to my lawyer -- wait, what are you doing? My job. C'mon, Irene, don't do this. I'm calm now, look -- I'm calm -- ! Mallorol, Matzine, Megaphen, Meallaril-S, Meleretten, Meleril, Mellaril, Mellaril-S, Mesoridazine, Methotrimaprazine, Mixidol, Moban Modalina -- Modalina?   Isn't that a band? Trade name for Triflupoerazine. Look it up. Moditen, Molindone, Moltipress, Motival. That's it for the 'M's. Not bad. High potency neuroleptics starting with 'J.' Trick question. There's only Jatroneural. What do you wanna bet? Bet you a soda. Right on the money, cowgirl. Twenty points and a soda. Hi there, Doc. I never got shrinked by you but all I hear is nothing gets past you, I mean, that's just hearsay and I don't pay much attention to hearsay because now they say you hacked your husband with an axe but I say maybe it just slipped, right? They put your picture in the paper. How did you get this? Chloe did. Who knows how? Not me. Around here I'm on a need to know basis about stuff and most stuff I don't need to know. My point is about people talking behind other people's backs. Like before I was here, everything I did I thought, 'this'll get them,' wanting their approval, wanting them to say good things behind my back. But now I'm more anonymous, more myself. I'm Shelley. You're not like, undercover here, are you? They pulled that at Spring Grove, had a bunch of doctors pretend they were patients, see if they could handle it. Most quit after day one. You're not, are you? No, Shelley.   I'm not undercover. Because if you were, I'm like the Fort Knox of secrets. Ask anybody. That's good to know. But I'm not. Say no more. I understand perfectly. Drawing is a great cover.   Good luck to you. I don't -- I think I'm alright. You go in last because you're special. It's not a Mexican prison, toots. Everybody here minds their own business. If it's all the same, I'd rather -- State law says we keep you ladies clean. And I'm a stickler for the law. Now come on. If you go downtown, you gotta dance. That's five minutes, group one. Alright, ladies, nice and easy. It isn't real. It isn't real. It isn't real. You're hallucinating. Shelley? And pick up those damn cigarette butts. Jesus, TV is dumb -- Shelley, can you do me a favor?? The housewives will find something better to do. Can you go in the shower and tell me if you see anything on the wall? Enough privacy for you? Yes.   Thank you, Irene. What did you do? Nothing.   It's nothing -- What the hell did you do to yourself?! I looked away for a second. It's unacceptable, won't happen again. I just didn't peg her for a cutter, that's all. Oh my God.   Oh my God. You saw it? Listen, Doctor. Some people, they have a gift. And in here, because they categorize us as a bunch of schizos, they refuse to acknowledge that. It's like that Hubble telescope that sees things a trillion miles away but what it's seeing is just reflected light of a star that died a thousand years ago? It's like that. Doesn't mean you're crazy. It only means your eyes open in a different way. What did it say? On the telescope? Did you see anything, Shelley? That's not tile that wall is made out of . It's a holographic screen. All part of your mission, isn't it? Thanks anyway. This is all we have. The rest is dust. It was you I called that night. Did you mention that to the cops? Why? What does that mean? And did you? Did I make it to your place?   Did I see you that night? Why didn't you tell me this before? You're changing the subject. Right now I don't trust anyone. I want to talk to my lawyer. I can't help what you think. You a Marlboro girl? I don't smoke, thanks. All we have is our health, cupcake. What I do is quit constantly, start again. Drives them all crazy. One day I quit three times. They allow me one match at a time and pretend they're not watching. Check it out: salivating goon number one at three o'clock, oh- so-inconspicuous goon number two at five o'clock. What did you set on fire to wind up here? Very perceptive, Doc. I burnt down the building where I worked. I found a baby at the doorstep, called the cops -- of course the bottom feeding pricks never showed. It's beside the point, really. I wonder if I could talk to you. Your staff meeting's done and Thursdays you don't schedule sessions until the afternoon. This will just take one minute. Promise. It's about Pete. Perhaps he's not the most qualified person to be treating me. What did he tell you? Yes. Hey!   Chloe! You fucking cow giving me the evil eye, huh? Fuck you, you fuckin' voodoo witch -- ! Is okay, she's okay -- she don't mean nothing. You bet your goddamn fat ass I mean it, you're a witch -- !! McGrath, that's enough! Take your voodoo shit back to Cuba -- I said that's enough. Irene, she's okay. Pobrecita, la infeliz. It's a misunderstanding. Pobrecita. I was only trying to help her -- You wanna help me? You pity me? Suck me. How are we feeling today? 'We'? Sorry I asked. Doesn't seem like the best choice of words when treating schizophrenics. Fitting right in, aren't you? Hi. She's due back in the rec room in twenty, Counselor. Teddy, I know you knew Doug well and this is an extremely -- Like I'm crazy. Other than me being crazy?   No. Wait, wait, wait -- Teddy, you know me. I wouldn't raise a hand at my husband for the life of me. Not even in self-defense. Isn't it remotely possible a burglar broke in or some crazed high school student attacked Doug and I went into shock? You're telling me there's no other suspects in anyone's mind? Because there is no motive. I'm not faking anything. The point is I'm the only person who doesn't believe I killed my husband. I never thought I'd say this, but I feel like I'm in the middle of a conspiracy. Do you believe I'm crazy? Forget it.   Forget I asked. I didn't write this. Why? Then you know exactly how I feel. As a doctor I agree with you. Maybe -- and this is a big maybe -- all of this is just a deep epilepsy that extends to the limbic structures, but I'm telling you -- What about it? You tell me. But I do know what I sound like. Paranoia is the ultimate awareness, right? No!   Goddamnit! No! I'm sorry. Is there any way we can pretend that didn't just happen? I want to believe you. I do. So I'll take your word for it -- you're not involved in this -- but you take mine: I didn't write this and I didn't kill my husband. Number one: I'm right-handed. Number two: I would have had to bring an X-Acto knife into the shower to do this, wouldn't I? No, I didn't. No, I didn't! Oh God, oh God, oh God... Who is that? The girl in the picture. She's the girl I saw. I'm positive. She was hurt, bleeding. Is she all right? Not about this. Is she all right? How? I'm -- I'm terribly sorry, Phil. Besides, if you really were the ghost of Rachel Parsons, you would let me out of this cell. Holy shit. Alright. What happened to you? Did you live here when Rachel killed herself? Phil must have been a wreck. And this is confirmed. There are hospital records and so forth? What about these other dates, was Phil here when the other girls went missing and found dead? Rachel Parsons disappeared six years ago. A week later she's a suicide. Andrew White, four years ago, same M.O., and Jenny Dixon, two years ago. Don't you find that unusual? Not one left a suicide note. In fact, how is anybody sure these were suicides? That's his story. I need to talk to the reporter who wrote that. Frank something. I beg to differ. I know my visitation rights. You're telling me the one local investigative reporter who connected three highly-suspicious deaths, just happens to have conveniently died? Don't be smug, Pete. That's one thing you've never been. Rachel is somehow connected to what I'm going through. I don't know how -- like you said, I'm not in a frame of mind to process the information without assistance. So I'm asking you for assistance. I know this lecture like the back of my hand! Get off me, you dog -- You can't be in here and you know it. Nap in your car. Now get out before we get busted. Sure I do, Boy Scout. Hold it, Simon! What do you think I am, laundry service? ... She'd get high on glue and make me help her try on my bras. Is that the strangest shit you've heard? Heard stranger. But she's a case. And she always put on a happy face. Man, what an optometrist. You narced her out, didn't you? Boo-hoo. Bet you were a little buzzed yourself. All work, that woman.   Work, work, work. What are you talking about? She's like an alcoholic.   But with work. Not safe to tell you.   Wish I could. Forget it, alright? Forget we had this conversation. You know what happens next? I get the distinct feeling you're going to tell me. The shock wears off and the guilt kicks in. And that guilt is the real motherfucker. You'll be watched 24/seven, because they're afraid you'll kill yourself. Dr. Graham will question every harmless gesture, every innocent comment, ever twitch you make and eventually -- and it's a fucking tedious 'eventually' -- you'll stop hating yourself for what you did. But what replaces that hatred is this unbearable sadness. And you don't lose that as long as you live. Leave me alone. Go away. I've lost my fucking mind.   Happy now? Take that, son of a bitch. Rachel? I can't. Please, please don't make me go back in there. Bear with me, I'm just parking it out of the way so it won't look suspicious in the middle of the road -- okay. Not alone. What happened to you happened to other girls. I understand. And I'm sorry. But there is nothing I can do about it now. It has nothing to do with me. Shit. No.   No.   No... It's not shrink-appropriate to be afraid of the dark, right? Is there anybody here?   Hello? Go away!   Fuck off! C'mon, c'mon, c'mon -- Wake up, Tracy, wake up -- How are you? I needed to see you, but I'm not sure where to begin. I don't know you well, I certainly have nothing but fond feelings for you. Phil always keeps me posted on his colleagues and his work and -- in any case, I have always thought of you as a very bright, very perceptive doctor. Even though I don't know you well. My point is, my point being -- when Rachel died I had, um, I suffered through these spells, these recurring dreams. And eventually, once I came to terms with her death, they went away. Losing a child is the hardest, most inconceivable event a mother can -- The past few days I have been having the same dream. A nightmare. That word.   Nightmare.   Welcome to my life. This nightmare involves Rachel but it also involves you. In the nightmare Rachel holds a box in her left hand. A small box. And she repeats a series of numbers. Now, Rachel never spoke, from the time she was born -- she had a condition -- I often asked God why he punished this child in such a way -- she couldn't speak, but she was extremely bright. She wasn't autistic as the doctors claimed -- Mrs. Parsons, you need a therapist. Normally I would encourage you to schedule a session with me but as you can see -- Every night the same box in her hand and the same numbers. I wrote them down. It's a message. It's a code for something. I don't know what. But she wants you to have it. October 22nd, 2001. It's my wedding date. That code belongs to a safety deposit box my husband kept in a bank up in Newcastle, that's where his parents live. Dorothy, I need you to drive up there and open it. I was wrong. It wasn't Phil Parsons. It was Doug. That's why Rachel picked me.    It was Doug. I'm so stupid. She's a hero. Little Red Riding Hood put the big bad wolf in a coma. You ain't scared of a bunch of women now, are you, Officer? Peter, I didn't believe in ghosts before this. And neither do you. Chemical deficiencies can't get inside of you and make you do terrible things you don't remember doing! No, you're not. You're a close- minded academic, just like me. You told me once that I was the most logical person you knew, remember? Well, everything that's happened has an explanation but it has nothing to do with psychiatry or science. Rachel Parsons was abducted and she was murdered six years ago -- tossed off the Ashley Bridge by my husband. My harmless, righteous 'community leader' husband -- that's how pathetically blind I've been. Andrea White and Jenny Dixon were also abducted and murdered -- now this was before I met Doug but I bet you anything that they both went to his school. Then he obviously stopped for a while: fear, guilt, distractions -- namely me -- delayed him from reverting to his sickness. That's why I didn't notice anything. I believe he really tried to lead a normal life, for me. Then along comes Tracy Seaver and he can't resist. Locks her up and tortures her in some abandoned property -- Here's Doug's interest in real estate, Pete. Rachel Parsons is a pissed-off ghost with an agenda, furious at her parents for giving up on her -- she's been trying to communicate with them for years but they're too goddamn logical to pay attention -- and she picked me, she sought me out that night and sent me home to fix her problem. Made sure I killed Doug because he was going to do the same thing to Tracy Seaver as he did to her. And she will get rid of anyone who stands in her way. To whom? To you? I'm telling you she nearly electrocuted me when I tried to leave town and she led me to that barn and if I don't do what she wants -- she's going to kill me. I need you to at least consider the possibility that I'm not insane. Not as a doctor. As the only person I trust in this world. I'm not doing it for Miranda, I'm doing this for Rachel. What do I sound like, Phil? Like one of your patients? Well, it's probably because that's exactly how you treat me. And I've had enough of this deafening silence between us, this exemplary mourning in front of the community, tiptoeing around our lives with you pretending Rachel never existed. I'm losing my mind. Our daughter is gone and I miss her and I'm angry. It's gonna be an interesting night. How are we doing today? Just fine, thank you. The spirit is not fine.    She's very unhappy. How -- how do you know? But she's only a girl. Do you know her name? Yes.   Rachel. Have you talked to her? Yes, I -- you could say that. She's very, very angry. And she's not finished with you yet. I'm sure that's meant to sound comforting but -- She wants to show you something. That may be so, but I want her to go away. Then you need to protect yourself. And how exactly would I do that? Mira, first I'm gonna bring you some cascarilla, it's a powder, you get it anyplace, it comes from eggs -- you pour it all over you -- Like this -- Look -- Consuelo, I appreciate what you're trying to do, but I honestly don't think this ghost will go away if I pour some egg powder on myself -- She made you do things.   Bad things, didn't she? Yes. And you carried this out for her. She used you as a vessel... What are you doing? I'm trying to help you -- ?! Knock yourself out. Next floor up. It's only a power outage, ladies -- let's call it an early night. Please don't. Why are you doing this? It's over. Over and done! Let me out of here! Let me out! Page Irene ASAP. This patient needs her meds. You're gonna get that Pulitzer after all. Shh, shh, just rest. I told you I could keep a secret. You have really disappointed me tonight, Jenna -- Give me a break. You wouldn't respect me if I hadn't tried -- Fine, Phil.   Thanks for asking. Chloe. You're very polite for a piggy. Now take off your uniform. Do it quick.   I won't make fun of you. Nobody better fucking move up there or I'll blow this piggy's head off! That means you, fucko. Up on your feet or I'll start by shooting his ear off. Tell junior the grownups are talking now and he's not allowed in here. Do it. The grownups are talking.   Don't paraphrase me. Chloe?   Can I talk to you? Dreadful timing, I'm real busy. You have to let him go.   I'm sorry. Look -- let's not confuse things. I like you. But this is my only chance. Now take off that goddamn uniform before I get really pissed. What are you going to do? Put on his uniform and walk out of here? Think about it, Chloe. They know you have him. The place is crawling with cops. What are my options? To grow old in this place? It's clear they will never let me go. Never. Ever. That's not true. You have less than a year left here. That's a lie! I'll never stop being sick, they'll just find something new that's wrong with me. No wonder you doctors can't help anyone -- all you have are deficit columns and stupid tests designed to point out what part of the puzzle you think we're missing! You're right, doctors never concentrate on the things patients are actually capable of. But I know you, Chloe, you've been through things that most people don't survive. And you have a wonderful future in front of you if you choose it. It's up to you. No more guilt, no more hatred, no more unbearable sadness. You have no use for any of that anymore. Your life begins this very second. I'm so tired.    So goddamn tired -- It was you, wasn't it? 'Not alone.' That's what Rachel has been trying to tell me all along. Doug was not alone. You were with him. This whole time it's been you. You covered up their deaths to look like suicides. Don't fucking move. The girl in the hospital. V-tach. You tell me. Why wait this long if he had? Maybe. But it seems to me that it's vital you know for sure. If you're looking for forgiveness, you came to the wrong place. Be that as it may, you're afraid too -- because you know killing me won't solve your problems. What about Parsons? And Peter? They know. And that girl in the hospital will never forget your face. You miscalculated, now you pay. I sure hope that felt good because you can't afford too many more signs of struggle. Can you? No, that's what you want me to do. So we're even. You left that door open so I'd try and run, it's what you get off on, isn't it? And yet you have to make me look like a suicide. With what, your belt? How would I get access to a belt? I don't think that's going to satisfy you. You won't be able to do this clean. You have too much guilt inside. You're losing grasp of the situation. It was different with those girls. I bet all they did was cry and scream. Aren't I a little old for you? That's for show. You know you can't shoot me. Logic is overrated. Hello -- ? Thank you for everything, Dr. Graham. I'll never forget all you've done for me. Well, I guess this is it. I hope not to see you again unless it's for coffee or something. You don't have to tell me if you don't want to, but -- have you ever heard anything from -- ? Well, gotta run now, I have some country songs to write and lots of social invites to decline... P.S. And in case you're wondering what the chances are of me buying you a beer and maybe finishing something we almost started, the answer is: it's just not going to happen. Especially not at McSorley's next Friday night. Say around nine. So you probably shouldn't bother showing up. All my love, M.G. 