Hey Mordechai. Want a bagel? Hey Morty, my mom says that unless your people wise up and accept Jesus Christ as your lord and savior you're all going to burn in hell. Now, now class let's not make fun of Mordechai's spinning top. We need to all learn the importance of tolerance and understanding. Isn't that right Mordechai? So class, in honor of Mordechai's special day, I'd like for all of us to wish Morty a heartfelt Merry... Cha-noo-kuh Day 7. Very good class. I hope you've all learned an important lesson today. Just because Mordechai's people are different from us...just because they might appear strange to us with their furry hats, their beady eyes, and their long sideburns...not to mention their bizarre customs and unnecessarily guttural, funny sounding names...just because they control all of the worlds' money, yet are too cheap to buy their children anything better than spinning tops for presents, does not mean that we can't learn to respect and love them as our equals. Happy Chanoo-juah-kah Day 7 Morty. Hammer, why don't you come eat by us for Shabat. My Miriam is all grown up now. God willing, you should settle down and marry. I can dig it. Hammer, you're the baaddest Hebe this side of Tel Aviv. Happy Hanukkah Morty. Well, for stahters, your mother called. She said to remind you that you're having Shabat Dinner by her tomorrow, and also to remind you to bring the Manischewitz, and she wanted me to relate the following information to you. She said to remind you that you're having Shabat dinner by her tomorrow and also to remind you to bring the Manischewitz. Yeah, I'm going to be out of the office from 1:30 to 3:00 on Sunday. I have a terrible yeast infection and I need to see my gynecologist. I understand that. I just thought that you might want to know. I want to start by thanking all of you for pulling yourselves away from the workshop to make this emergency meeting. I know it's the busiest time of the year for all of you, so I'll try and be brief. My father, often referred to as St. Nick The Nasty, was a tyrannical man. He was obsessed with making Christmas the only holiday anyone could celebrate before the New Year. Since his death, I've prided myself on ensuring that the Christmas season is one of tolerance and understanding between all races and religions. It's always been my belief that Hanukkah and Kwanzaa deserve the same respect as Christmas. Lights please. Over the course of my career as Santa Claus, I've made it my mission to ensure that Jews, Christians, and African Americans could all observe their respective holidays in harmony. I was responsible for pushing the Happy Holidays Ordinance, in which all Merry Christmas signage was replaced by the Trans-relgious and inoffensive phrase 'Happy Holidays.' It was nearly a decade ago, in conjunction with our friends in the Jewish and African American communities  that I supported a bill that mandated that 'Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel' and 'I'm dreaming of a bright Kwanzaa' be taught and sung in elementary schools along with the Christmas standards 'Frosty The Snowman', and 'Deck The Halls.'  Which is why upon examination of my annual naughty and nice list it shocked me to discover that my own son, Damian... The heir to the Red Suit could be so filled with hate. Damian, when I learned of your ludicrous scheme to wipe out Hanukkah, my first reaction was one of disgust. Now, I'm only filled with sadness and disappointment. Disappointed that I failed to teach you the true meaning of Christmas. What do you have to say for yourself? Et tu, Blitzen? What are you fucking midgets looking at!? Get back to work! We have Hanukkah to destroy! Not another Adam Sandler movie! We're trying to create goodwill here. I just think... Don't defame me. I'm against that. Joe Lieberman? What about Mordechai Jefferson Carver? Daddy, he's our only hope. And you know it. Only problem is, ever since we kicked him out, he wants nothing to do with us. There's no way we can persuade him to come back. Perhaps I can persuade him. Mr. Jefferson Carver? Sorry I'm late. Traffic was a pisher, and I've been circling the block for the past half hour looking for parking. What are you listening to? My name is Esther. Chief Bloomenbergensteinenthal from the Jewish Defense League desperately needs to speak with you. Actually, his days of marital infidelity have long since past. Now he just shtoops my mother exclusively. Mordechai, Santa Claus has been rubbed out by his son Damian. The man's a demon. There's no telling what this new anti semitic psycho Santa is capable of. Mr. Hammer? I'd like to hire you to put a tail on my husband. I think my life might be in danger. I think he wants to kill me. Oh. Why are you being so difficult? All my father wants is to just speak with... I'm not leaving your side until I get you to agree to come speak with my father. Before we leave, there's just one more thing. I noticed that the sign on your door says you're a certified circumcised dick. Would you mind if I asked to see your credentials? Mordechai! Shabat Shalom! I can see. And you also brought a nice girl to come eat by us. So. Do you have a name? It's Esther. From the story of Purim. Well, now that we're all acquainted, let's sit down and start the Sabbath. I don't think I could eat another latke if you paid me. Everybody ready for the main course? Nonsense young man. You'll eat everything in front of you. After all, there are people starving in China. Isn't that right Mun Chi? Not until Mordechai finishes everything in front of him. Mordechai!? So, Esther, how did you and Mordechai meet. You know they call him the Hebrew Hammer for a reason. But Hanukkah's in dan... You like my Mordechai, yes? He's...he's very nice.  But Mrs. Carver, the fate of Hanukkah rests solely in his hands. Please, you have to help me. Hanukkah, Shmanukkah. It isn't even one of the high holidays. What concerns me more is that my boychick is almost thirty, and has yet to settle down with a nice Jewish girl.  I'll make you a deal. I'll help you with your little Hanukkah problem if you help me with my Mordechai. What do you want me to do? He works too much. God forbid he should have a nice Jewish girl come eat by him once in a while. Take his mind off his work. Maybe a blowjob here and there. Is this something you could do for me? It's under the sink by my tampons! So, do we have a deal? Deal. I was just telling your nice friend Esther about how I used to have such a problem with the gas. So, once I started taking two charcoal pills before I ate, the gas cleared itself right up. Thanks. That's...good to know. Mordechai. Do you love your mother? Then how come you won't stop this Certified Circumcised Dick nonsense and get yourself a real job. When I play bridge with all the girls, everyone has what to talk about with their sons. They show pictures. Their sons are lawyers and doctors and Rabbis. Why can't I show a picture? You know my friend Maureen? Her son, the investment banker? He paid for her entire retirement in Boca Raton. What a mench he is. Instead of schleping to save Hanukkah, god forbid you should go back to business school and get an MBA. Maybe then you could send me to Boca, too. I don't want to argue with you. Let's just eat in peace. Do what you must. Such a good boy he is. Mazel Tov! What's that Mazel Tov? Your diaper needs changing? Let's let your tuchus breathe. Because it isn't god's way. When you spent the fourth grade in bed recovering from your bout with hypoglycemia, did I put you down? No. Mazel Tov will lead a full life just like the rest of us. Isn't that right Mazel Tov? Anybody hungry for desert? Excellent. Everything is going as planned. With the Hebrew Hammer out of the picture, Hanukkah will be nothing more than a confusing and hard to pronounce word. I want to thank you very much Jamal for all of your help. Can you believe this guy Tiny Tim? Take a look around you Jamal. Do you see any colored midgets in my workshop? Your presence would be a disruption to the utopian model of efficiency I've created here. You know something, you're right. Yeah. This is a sweatshop. And since you elves aren't willing to do the work, I made arrangements to have some Taiwanese children shipped over. And I might add,  they're more than willing to work for peanuts. Come on in boys! So, what's our first plan of attack Santa? While I was in Taiwan negotiating the solution to our labor problems, I came across a factory that illegally manufactures the most addictive, Jewish pride weakening substance on the planet. I bought the entire plant. I want you and your men to target every young person in the Jewish neighborhoods of every major city of this country. I want you to flood their streets with this product. What should I charge? Oh, that's the beauty of it. These are free samples. So what's in the boxes? Heroin? Cocaine? Worse. Bootleg copies of the Frank Capra classic, 'It's A Wonderful Life.' That's some cold shit. Maccabee! It's time to light the menorah! One partridge in a pear tree to two turtle doves. What's your status? Can I be next? Please, please! Any sign of Santa? Could I interest you in a free sample bacon cheeseburger? You're good. What are we going to do? We're at least an hour from the front. Is that...? No, couldn't be. We're so sorry to have to cut, but our beautiful Gentile boy ran on ahead of us in line. It would mean so much to Paul and I if you'd let us through to see Santa. And what do the Jewish people do during Hanukkah? That's right. Santa can tell that you've been a very good boy this year. Run along now Jimmy. Sorry folks, I don't do couples. Excuse me? Do I know you, friend? Take a look around you. Do you even know who I am? The Hebrew Hammer! You're alive. Whoa, whoa there. C'mon Mordechai, is this any way to treat an old family friend? Let's cut out all the unpleasantness. I admit, I went way overboard with the whole Hanukkah thing. Let me make it up to you. How about a peace offering? Girls. Bambi. Tawni. I'd like for you to meet world renown Semitic super stud, Mordechai Jefferson Carver. Oh, I declare I just love Jewish men. They're so sensitive and well read. Back it up buddy! Well, it's a bit too late for that now, isn't it? Excuse me children, if I could have your attention for a moment. I'm just calming the kiddies.  There's no need to worry about Santa. He's just having a peaceful, adult conversation with his nice Jewish friend, The Hebrew Hammer. In fact, he's just informed me that he personally plans on cancelling Christmas this year. Why don't we show him how that makes us feel. Shh. Shh, listen. Do you hear that? Psst. Hammer, Esther. This way. Hurry! ...My name is Harriet Tubbelman, but you can call me Moses. The only payment I ask Mordechai, is that you keep Hanukkah safe for us all. You should be safe from here on out. Just follow the river to it's conclusion. Oh yeah, and keep your arms and legs inside the water craft at all times. Welcome to the Underground Jewish Railroad. Just sit back, relax, and enjoy the ride. Yeah, no kidding. So, now what? Sure. Why not. So, do you come here often!? I said, do you come here often!? What!? Oh! Hey. I would love to get out of here. Ouch! Maybe we should try a different kind of dancing. Mordechai? I want you to talk dirty to me. Keep going. Oh god, yes! Keep going! Don't stop! Kiss me you Semitic stud! Hmm. I feel something poking around down there. Maybe I should investigate. What do you think about that Mr. Certified Circumcised Dick? Shabat Shalom! Wow, that was amazing. What did you just snort? Your mother was right. You do work too hard. Well, she also said that you need to find a nice girl to help take your mind off of your work. I'm just glad she thought I was good enough for you. Relax Morty, I think your mom is wonderful. She cares so much about you. Get this, while you were gone she said she'd help me get you to work with the JDL if I'd come eat by you once in awhile. Like I needed any incentive to be with you. She's so... No. Of course... No. It's not like that. You're being completely neurotic. I was just playing along... We do! And now my Hanukkah loving friends, I will reveal to you the true nature of my diabolical scheme. The Jewish Atomic clock, located in the outskirts of Jerusalem. Keeper of time for the Jewish Calendar. Powered by Judeum. An element so rare, it exists only inside the clock itself. Once I extract the Judeum from the clock, the Jewish Calendar will cease to exist, forever eradicating Hanukkah. In less than twenty four hours, which by your Jewish Calendar is approximately... Can I borrow that pen and notepad? Four years and three quarters a lunar cycle? Well, whatever! In less than twenty four Christian hours, Hanukkah will be nothing more than a fond memory. Tiny Tim. Merry Christmas everybody, and god bless us, everyone. So, how was I? It was good. Very chilling, but you still got all the points across that we talked about. Really? Good, good. I wasn't too over the top? No, it was the perfect level. Thanks. Oh, did I tell you. I picked up that new KC and the Sunshine Band record that you recommended. You were right, it is good. Why is the red light on the camera still on? Are you still filming me!? You fucking ass... You're not my bitch Mordechai. Please, you have to believe me. Shalom. Welcome to the Ben Gurion airport. For ground transportation, please proceed to Terminal 18. Not sure. I think it was left over from an Israeli Robbie Kneivel television special. You want me to get rid of it? You okay? No. I'm airsick you asshole! Where the hell did these reindeer learn to fly? I don't know. Why don't you ask them sir. Who's the leader of this operation? What's your major malfunction, dumbfuck!? Step forward son! Uh, he can't sir. The harnesses. You gonna learn to guide this sled right? You gonna make sure your men follow suit? Because if I'm puking down chimneys come Christmas Eve, I'm gonna have your hide. We clear? You eyeballin' me son!? I didn't think so. The Jewish Atomic Clock. Get moving! We've got work to do! Get him boys! Mordechai! Behind you! Mordechai, I love you. I couldn't let you do this alone. I forgive you. Uh oh. Get off of me you cripple! What are we gonna do? He's got us on the ropes. What's the matter? What's going on? Why'd he stop? Maybe he ran out of ammo. Take a look. Well, he's kinda just resting in the corner with his girlfriend. Resting? What day is it? It's Friday. What time is it? I don't know. About sundown I guess. Why didn't I think of this? It's the Sabbath. The day of rest. He can't fight on the Sabbath. C'mon, get up. We've got him beat. Well, well, well. It looks as if the Hebrew Hammer's got a weakness after all. Finish extracting the Judeum from the clock. Tiny Tim, I want you to introduce the Hebrew Hammer to the Christmas spirit. You want me to be nice to him for no apparent reason whatsoever, buy him clothing he'll never wear, and for just one day of the year pretend to forgive him for all the horrible things he did to me as a young boy when my mommy wasn't looking? No dipshit, I want you to kill him. Oh. Santa's gonna take the sled back to the North Pole and celebrate his victory with his new stocking stuffer. Mordechai! Take a look Hammer. The clock's already beginning to power down. Ah. What's the matter? No more snappy one liners. Message sent. Rudolph, more egg nog! Ho, ho, ho. Listen motherfucker, I already told you! I don't care how much yo ass is payin' me, if you call me that one more time there ain't gonna be no more visits down to the South Pole! You feelin' me!? Yes maam, loud and clear. Damn sugar, what happened to you? Santa, I got some really bad news. Hey, what's that over there? Is that a bowl of Matzah Ball soup? My crutches. Noooo. Not my crutches. I don't have to tell you anything Hammer! You're gonna have to kill me before I tell you! Good point. Mordechai! I'm in here! Help! Looks like the tables have turned once again Hammer. And you won't even be able to say goodbye to your Esther. So sad. So long Mordechai. Give my father my regards. What are you doing? Hah! Jewish guilt. Well, it won't work on me Hammer. I'm too strong for it. No. Stop it! Please, make it stop. I'll do anything. Here take my gun. Shoot me. Please, just one to the head. Put me out of misery. Mordechai! You two know each other? Please tell me. What is the true meaning of Hanukkah? ...and latkes. I'm sorry. I see the light now. I was wrong. I'm... Yes! Of course! I'd gladly give up my last name to be with you. Shabat Shalom everybody! Well I'm just glad you're safe Bubba Shaina, and eating by your mother for Shabos. But with all the attention the newspapers  and television have given you, you'd think that you were the pope or something. ...So you saved Hanukkah Mr. Big Shot. I mean, let's be honest Mordechai, it isn't even one of the high holidays. Now, if you had saved Passover or Yom Kipur, then maybe you'd have what to brag about. Did I tell you that my friend Maureen's son, the Investment Banker, was responsible for a very big merger on... Mazel Tov! Hello Mazel Tov! A boojee boojee boojee boo... ...A boojee boojee boojee boo.  What's that Mazel Tov? Your tuchus needs some more airing out? What a good poop you made in your diaper Mazel Tov! That's right! Mommy loves you! Such a good boy you are! So, what are you two planning after the wedding? Well, for starters, we're going to honeymoon in Boca for a week. And then, when we get back, Morty's been talking about taking a stable, good paying job as a consultant for the JDL. Well, I couldn't be happier for the both of you. I forgot to ask you, who'd they put in charge as the new Santa Claus? 