David, don't start throwing things. Go. I'll do it. Christ doin' Karaoke. How are you this morning? He's usually real good with names. Okey dokey. I'll take two! David! The T.A. finished transcribing the  Governor's radio and TV comments.  Listen: 'I hate killing, that's why  I'm willing to kill to stop it.' The  woman breathes in soundbites. You might can use some of her pre- centrist stuff. Telegenics. You have a cuter butt. I know. She's gonna do the whole mother thing.  She empathizes with you completely,  but experience has given her the  courage to take the tougher road, ta- da, ta-da. Keep it rational. And  flirt politely. And watch your ego. Don't come across  as one of those I-hate-authority- because-nobody-in-charge-reads-the- New Yorker types. Yeah, don't fall into one of your  brooding silences. Oh, I'm getting  new federal stats from Amnesty  tonight. If you have a hang-over tomorrow -- Ten o'clock! Bright-eyed and bushy tailed! It's cool, Mr. Gale. Don't do anything I wouldn't. Okay, let's say we find an innocent  on death row. Wouldn't matter.  Corrections would let him go. Governor  Harding would go on TV, say, 'Thanks  to the good people at DeathWatch,  the system works.' Yeah, if they  executed an innocent, and we had  absolute, undeniable, in-your-face  proof, we could demand abolition.  Just like happened in England. Are  you okay? But it hasn't happened, not since  '76. And won't happen. Dead men can't make a case. Just keep it rational. The death  penalty is expensive and ineffective.  No one wants to see a murderer as a  victim. And stop that. Active listening. I hate active  listeners. Makes me feel like I'm  with a Dale Carnegie grad who cares  more about appearing to listen than  actually listening. Did you bring  the Amnesty fax? I have a copy. You want to tell me what's up. I hope you used a condom. Jesus Christ, David. Was she one of  yours? Oh, that's great, great. I can hear  the grapevine now. They suspended  her so Gale could dick her with a  clear conscience. A power differential equals coercion.  Great. You are so weak. I know you can tell yourself it's a  position I aspire to, but believe  me, I would rather... Let's go. Yes, let's just go. Your exact words were, 'Just tell me  when my ego gets in the way of the  work.' Now I'm telling you: Your  ego's in the way of work. You put up precisely two seconds of  protest at the thought of a televised  debate. It means DeathWatch suffers because  you're so anxious to finger authority,  to publicly prove that David Gale is  so much fucking smarter than the  powers that be. Learn to work without  an audience. Try squeezing money  from the donor list. Have you ever  licked one single mail-out envelope? You want the tour? There's a twenty-dollar mandatory  donation, apiece. But you get a re- enactment photo packet. It's got  five pictures. I gotta collect first. You gotta sign the book. Doesn't  have to be your real name, though. First page says you're here to do  research on violent crime. The state  requires it for nonprofit shit. Take a re-enactment photo packet. If you guys could share one, it would  be really cool. The butt wipes where  I do prints kinda jerk my chain. That's me. My boyfriend took it. We  also did a video. It's fifty bucks  'cause you can see my tits. There's  a version without tits, that's thirty- five. Not so much anymore. We thought this  would be like a busy week -- Gale  gettin' the prune juice and all.  Prune juice is what death row dudes  call the poison, 'cause it gives you  the shits. Most jerks just take a  photo from the street. They shot a  'Real Crimes' episode here, but the  owner didn't give us dick. I'm cool with ghouls. Beats livin'  with my dickwad parents. It starts  over here. She let him crash here sometimes. He  was like constantly wasted. Drank  Black Label religiously. This is where the tripod was. My  boyfriend borrowed the one we usually  show folks. They never found a camera,  photos, or videos or anything. Gale  must have buried them. These serial  killer dudes take photos to whack  off to later. Whatever. She was like totally naked right  here. The meter man saw her through  the door. Gale handcuffed her, taped  her mouth, then taped a bag over her  head so she couldn't breathe. My  boyfriend says that's probably when  he fucked her. Your muscles tense up  when you die -- the sex is better. He used those housewife gloves so he  wouldn't leave prints. They found  sticky stuff from the tape on them. We ask folks not to touch the exhibit. The totally sick part was where they  found the key -- It was in her stomach, dude. He made  her swallow it before he bagged her. That's pretty much the highlight. I'll drop by your office after. Yeah. Don't. Chase, get in, Sweetie. Scoot. I sent you an e-mail. Just read it. Come on, Chase. You could at least hide the bottle. Officially, you're on sabbatical.  Unofficially, they want you to look  for another position. It was four to  two. You're not supp... Against you. Against my politics. Look, Professor Gale, I could sit  here, as I'm sure others have, and  plead departmental cutbacks. Claim  you need more publications, or I  need a minority, whatever. All bull- geschichte. Your record's brilliant.  You're an original voice worth -- in  the scarcity-defines-value capitalist  system under which we toil -- your  weight in gold. Hell, it's not even  the alcohol. It'd be nice to have  faculty whose crutch wasn't Prozac.  But, to speak plainly, if I hire  you, in the eyes of the regents,  alumni and every freshman with an  ear for gossip, I'd be hiring a  rapist. You're not politically correct, Dr.  Gale. Welcome to the club. At the beep. What exactly attracts you to the  bond market? Mr. Gale? I'm sorry. You look good. I need you. DeathWatch needs you,  now more than ever. Look. Jo Ann Johnson's been re-scheduled. I've got a call with Hawkins tonight,  and if national will commit emergency  funds... But I'll save a life. Spring cleaning. She went up at 18, she's 26 now. I really want us to get behind this  one. She's articul -- A cop. You're mixing metaphors. Are we gonna do this? I'm sure we can get some pulpit time,  maybe cable. John, David's going to -- No. Come on, come inside. All I can feel is envy. Remember those Kubler-Ross stages,  the ones the dying go through? Denial. The whole idea of there being a  process makes me tired. I'm not up  to the job of Dying Person. Marveling  at blades of grass. Lecturing  strangers to relish every moment. Mending bridges. Confessing regrets.  Uuuggh. Nope. Take that back. I wish I had a child. I'm sorry, David. I guess I just wish I would have  risked more. Uumm, also not enough sex. Should  have had more sex. Including college? You work hard not to be seen as a  sex object. Before long, you're not  seen at all. A pity lay. No thanks. Don't worry. It's good. Talk to me. Let me hear your voice. Hold me tight. Tight... I'm scared. Don't stop. Stay in me. Please stay  in me. I need to feel you inside. I'm so tired. Tired of being afraid. Help me. Help me. Please. Make it stop. How do you feel about last night? Like I have a reason to get out of  bed. Ironic, huh? What do I gotta do? You want me to suck his dick? He ain't exactly my boyfriend anymore. Yeah. I gotta collect first. I don't have one. Nico's cool. Ready? Si. Si. 