Well, for starters, we're going to honeymoon in Boca for a week. And then, when we get back, Morty's been talking about taking a stable, good paying job as a consultant for the JDL. What do you want me to do? He's...he's very nice. But Mrs. Carver, the fate of Hanukkah rests solely in his hands. Please, you have to help me. It's Esther. You two know each other? Mordechai! Mordechai! I forgive you. Mordechai, I love you. I couldn't let you do this alone. We do! No. It's not like that. You're being completely neurotic. I was just playing along... Relax Morty, I think your mom is wonderful. She cares so much about you. Get this, while you were gone she said she'd help me get you to work with the JDL if I'd come eat by you once in awhile. Like I needed any incentive to be with you. She's so... Your mother was right. You do work too hard. Kiss me you Semitic stud! Keep going. I want you to talk dirty to me. Mordechai? Maybe we should try a different kind of dancing. Oh! What!? I said, do you come here often!? Sure. Why not. So, now what? Yeah, no kidding. What are we going to do? We're at least an hour from the front. Any sign of Santa? I don't think I could eat another latke if you paid me. Mordechai, Santa Claus has been rubbed out by his son Damian. The man's a demon. There's no telling what this new anti semitic psycho Santa is capable of. Actually, his days of marital infidelity have long since past. Now he just shtoops my mother exclusively. My name is Esther. Chief Bloomenbergensteinenthal from the Jewish Defense League desperately needs to speak with you. Sorry I'm late. Traffic was a pisher, and I've been circling the block for the past half hour looking for parking. What are you listening to? Mr. Jefferson Carver?Well, I couldn't be happier for the both of you. He works too much. God forbid he should have a nice Jewish girl come eat by him once in a while. Take his mind off his work. Maybe a blowjob here and there. Hanukkah, Shmanukkah. It isn't even one of the high holidays. What concerns me more is that my boychick is almost thirty, and has yet to settle down with a nice Jewish girl. I'll make you a deal. I'll help you with your little Hanukkah problem if you help me with my Mordechai. You like my Mordechai, yes? From the story of Purim. Well, now that we're all acquainted, let's sit down and start the Sabbath. So. Do you have a name? What a good poop you made in your diaper Mazel Tov! That's right! Mommy loves you! Such a good boy you are! Hello Mazel Tov! A boojee boojee boojee boo... Mazel Tov! ...So you saved Hanukkah Mr. Big Shot. I mean, let's be honest Mordechai, it isn't even one of the high holidays. Well I'm just glad you're safe Bubba Shaina, and eating by your mother for Shabos. Let's let your tuchus breathe. Do what you must. I don't want to argue with you. Let's just eat in peace. You know my friend Maureen? Her son, the investment banker? He paid for her entire retirement in Boca Raton. What a mench he is. Instead of schleping to save Hanukkah, god forbid you should go back to business school and get an MBA. Maybe then you could send me to Boca, too. When I play bridge with all the girls, everyone has what to talk about with their sons. They show pictures. Their sons are lawyers and doctors and Rabbis. Why can't I show a picture? Mordechai. Do you love your mother? I can see. And you also brought a nice girl to come eat by us.Hah! Jewish guilt. Well, it won't work on me Hammer. I'm too strong for it. I don't have to tell you anything Hammer! You're gonna have to kill me before I tell you! In fact, he's just informed me that he personally plans on cancelling Christmas this year. I'm just calming the kiddies. There's no need to worry about Santa. He's just having a peaceful, adult conversation with his nice Jewish friend, The Hebrew Hammer. Whoa, whoa there. C'mon Mordechai, is this any way to treat an old family friend? Let's cut out all the unpleasantness. I admit, I went way overboard with the whole Hanukkah thing. Let me make it up to you. How about a peace offering? Girls. The Hebrew Hammer! You're alive. Excuse me? Do I know you, friend? Take a look around you. Do you even know who I am? Sorry folks, I don't do couples. No dipshit, I want you to kill him. What day is it? Resting? Take a look. What's going on? Why'd he stop? Get off of me you cripple! No. I'm airsick you asshole! Where the hell did these reindeer learn to fly? Thanks. Oh, did I tell you. I picked up that new KC and the Sunshine Band record that you recommended. You were right, it is good. I wasn't too over the top? So, how was I? Bootleg copies of the Frank Capra classic, 'It's A Wonderful Life.' Worse. Oh, that's the beauty of it. These are free samples. While I was in Taiwan negotiating the solution to our labor problems, I came across a factory that illegally manufactures the most addictive, Jewish pride weakening substance on the planet. I bought the entire plant.I understand that. I just thought that you might want to know. Yeah, I'm going to be out of the office from 1:30 to 3:00 on Sunday. I have a terrible yeast infection and I need to see my gynecologist. She said to remind you that you're having Shabat dinner by her tomorrow and also to remind you to bring the Manischewitz. Happy Hanukkah Morty.You want me to be nice to him for no apparent reason whatsoever, buy him clothing he'll never wear, and for just one day of the year pretend to forgive him for all the horrible things he did to me as a young boy when my mommy wasn't looking? It's Friday. Well, he's kinda just resting in the corner with his girlfriend. Maybe he ran out of ammo. What are we gonna do? He's got us on the ropes. I don't know. Why don't you ask them sir. You okay? No, it was the perfect level. It was good. Very chilling, but you still got all the points across that we talked about. That's some cold shit. So what's in the boxes? Heroin? Cocaine? What should I charge? So, what's our first plan of attack Santa?