How about some steak sauce? Ray, my man, this steak is like butter! You got your own nightclub? Grandma Dodi's Pork Rib Joint. At least he didn't kill Santa Claus with his bare hands. Those are for trusties, unless you got thirty cents or two packs of cigs. Creamed chip beef on toast. Except we're outta beef, so I had to improvise.Sure, Claude, whatever you say. Listen, Claude, Maynard wanted to know if he should file the appeal on behalf of your friend, too. He seemed like a pretty good lawyer to me. His offices take up an entire floor of that big, new building on 125th Street, and he was using all these words I never heard before. He even offered me a job. Of course I did. He said he'd file an appeal right away. You didn't tell me he was so good looking. But I'm having a good time... That's what respectable folks do. Get a job, get married, start having babies. That's what you want, isn't it? I was hoping you were gonna say an engagement ring, Claude. Claude. Here's to your new job down at the bank. I always knew you'd make something of yourself.A night in the hole? Nigger. Nagger?I gave you life. And they can't take it away from you. Remember that. You'll get outta here someday. I believe that. You gotta believe it, too. Don't say that, Rayford. Don't ever say that. He gave up hope. That's where you gotta be different. Don't argue with me. You need it more than I do. I know how a little money can help in a place like this. Don't you lie to me, Rayford. You still have your daddy's watch? Well, this is all I can give you. I wish it was more. Rayford, I wanted so much more for you than this. I heard some things so I went to see Spanky Johnson. He told me what happened and gave me some money to get down here. What happened to your face? Rayford!You can't go in there, Ray! You'll never make it! Wait for the firemen! Stay calm, Ray. We'll find him. Claude! Has anyone seen Claude? Is everyone here?Why would you want to go home? It's so early. You're cute. You have any money, Claude? He looks like he can take care of himself. Well, Mr. "C", how about buying a girl a drink? Two bourbons. Can't you remember your own name? I'm Sylvia. What's your name? I've never seen you in here before.Want me to come back some other time? You know, go to the tonk or whatever. I know she's sorry she won't be seeing you anymore. Anyway, she wanted me to take care of you. She always said that if you were on the outside... Real nice guy, too. Trumpet player. They moved down to New Orleans. She got married last month. Oh, she's fine. She's just not coming today. My name's Yvette. Sylvia sent me. You look just like she said.