-- Stephen, this is bullshit -- -- He killed people -- Just come down, John. Just -- Did you do it for Tim? Is he... John, when you're in there... in the fire... do you ever see... My Lt. might have something to say about that. I'm sorry... I'm sorry I thought... I won't. "You never know till the fire stares you down if you're gonna be --" You're his Lt., Stephen... Are you gonna handle it? Are you Stephen? We gotta go to Rimgale, Stephen. What are we going to do about this? -- What were they doing there? How do you know? I saw Adcox's back! I saw the burn! I put it there! Jesus Christ, Stephen, he's been killing people! -- Stephen, wait a minute. I gotta talk to you. It's Adcox, he's -- Oh God, Stephen, what's going on with you? Sometimes right when you're looking at them. I hate him so much sometimes, Stephen. You don't know how hard it was for me to put that uniform on... I saw it before it got them. I tried to yell, but... He asked me to look out for him. And I didn't do it. I let him die. When dad died, I saw another fire... I saw it. It's okay, Stephen, I -- Look, Stephen, maybe we can talk about this some other -- I really should get back. There's... there's something I'm supposed to do. You're selling dad's boat? Just... Just wanted to say hello... He didn't listen? He was a fucking candidate! He was your responsibility. He shouldn't have been there in the first place, Stephen. You burned him. Had to take on another fire bare- handed, huh? Had to be fucking myth man in there instead of looking out for your probie. Is that what happened? Is it, Stephen? Just leave me alone, okay? Thanks for the insight. Dad's way? Where did he tell you that? In a fucking seance? I waited... I would have fucking waited... Christ, Stephen, let's wait for the hose team... No, Lt., I don't have a problem with drilling. But let's just have one drill. Not one for the company and one for me. What, is it the stairs? Christ, I'll let you win next time. What, are you kidding? By myself? This? C'mon, let's crawl home. So you got a 'roid going with Jackson or what? Hey. Thanks. -- Never mind. -- I was doin' it! I was up there fucking doin' it. You don't know, man, you don't know what I did! Goddamn it Stephen! -- C'mon, Stephen. I'm in heaven, Lt. I gotta do this, Stephen. I gotta know. Y'know, I told myself a million times I didn't want to be a fireman. I said bullshit to that line about tradition and family legacy. I know I split, and I know how you felt... There's only so much technology can do. Thanks for the beer. So that's it? Big bad brother's gonna ride my ass till I cough blood? Hey! You don't know me -- I wanted to know why you messed with my station assignment. I mean, is this really gonna have to one of those big brother -- little brother "you broke my GI Joe and I'm still pissed" games? Yeah? What about Laura -- Millions, Stephen -- And sexual favors. It worked when you were in sixth grade. In the Field Museum once. My God, an actual operating 8-track. Been ripping off fire stations? I like what you've done with the place. Not likely. I want to thank you for coming to my graduation, Stephen. It was a great inspiration to me. Who asked you? I'll see ya around, huh? What'll you do? I think your boss is going to need some spin control. You're right. I'm sorry. What is -- Your boss is lying, Jennifer. Yes. You could check. It'd be in his files. Swayzak knows something about the guys that were murdered. I want to know why he keeps that hidden. Hi. -- I work for the city. Leave Stephen out of this -- Yeah? And just how much of all this has been "doing your job"? -- You could have scared the son of a bitch off. We may never bust him now. All for a couple's political points. -- Bullshit! You knew what I told you wasn't ready for the papers -- You told Swayzak about our arson lead. It's all over the fucking news. Well, our specimen here is your basic standard issue piece of primary suppression equipment. This area is the pumping panel, which controls the rate of liquid insertion into the hose. I wanted to be a good one. When I came back, I knew more than anything else that I wanted to be a fireman. See that trap door up there? That used to lead to the hay loft when they had horse-drawn engines. It was pretty different then... but kinda the same, y'know? This is one of the oldest fire stations in the city. Lotta tradition locked up in here. What do you think? Oh, there might be something stashed away for emergencies. Thanks for the invite. In a dinosaur kinda way, yeah. Jesus, give him a break. There isn't enough proof yet to go public. Sure, we found some chemical shit we think somebody dumped in the plugs to torch 'em, and we've maybe figured out why backdrafts, but you can't rush this stuff. Not 'till it's locked. No, he's more of a dinosaur. Guy's not a dummy, though. He's juggling alot of balls on this one. Okay. Well, you did invite me here. Sorry. Are you dating anyone? Hey... So are you dating your boss or what? Yeah? Well, maybe I can fit it in... I don't know, I'm kinda swamped here. Boss and I are up to about three words an hour. Hey. Arson. Yeah... I've been thinking about what you said the other night... If the offer's still on the table, I'd like to talk about it. Hey, sorry if I made you look bad in front of your boss. But I'm not gonna be a poster boy for him, I'm trying to do something here. There's five hundred smoke eaters in this room that do that stuff for real every day. Tell Swayzak to talk to one of them. So now you suddenly care about my future? C'mon Jennifer, he's just another North-Side jag-off with a mouth. I seem to remember some pretty good nights on JP II. What was that? Oh man, you have picked up a few moves since John Paul II Boulevard. -- All I know is that his programs are getting firemen hurt. Yeah. Swayzak. Humanity's last hope. How can you work for that guy? Carrying Swayzak's notebook? Oooh, very sophisticated. Having fun? With grenadine, right? Well, if nothing else, it's nice to know we can still be friends. Really? No kidding. Yeah? What have you been up to? So... I see you're still in the neighborhood. Uh... I've been sorta keeping a low profile... the academy... I graduated today. You look great. Jennifer. Oh Jesus Christ... Who the fuck is doing this? Trychticholorate. The outlets. -- I wanted to be him. Right then I wanted to be him more than anything... I... I thought it was great. I loved it. It was nothing to these guys... medium deal. What? I don't have a story. Then who -- Who's doing this? I'm close... but I can't get who it is... Hey, do I know you? See you Monday. Sir. No, it isn't out of your hands or you wouldn't even have met me. If I push you have to let me back in. Dead Hero Father Rule. Sir. I need another one, sir. If you remember, sir, my test scores were in the top -- I want another shot, Sir. If it was a joke, sir, you'd be laughing. Like it never happened... Yeah. So what do you want me to do? Just wondering. Did I say thanks? Did you pull me out? How ya feeling? Then who wrote the report? I've got three different drafts of the same report -- with different numbers that're all over the place. Looks like they were just making it up as they went along. Yeah? Airtight? Nice bunch of guys. So Seagrave and Holcomb were accountants... Hey boss, Dekom Trust is owned by Pan Illinois... which is majority controlled by Lakeside Dynamics... which is a division of Windy City Ventures... who's partners are... Alan Seagrave, Donald Cosgrove, and Jeffrey Holcomb. Fire. I'm finished with Swayzak. I'll do whatever you want me to do. I just want to help catch the guy that burned Tim. You gotta give me another shot. Are you going public with this? That's why the sealant on the doors... So what have we got, a torch with a conscience? What reason? But he killed these guys. What? Some people say you don't do much of anything when it comes to this case. But the right guess on this is arson. And the putty around the door? Trychticholorate. Then Swayzak can announce Seagrave was a murder. "During heat episodes of 2000 Kelvin or higher, Trych breaks down and dissipates. Will consume magnesium". "Trychtichlorate is a binary structured --" Uh, I don't think that's in my contract... No it couldn't. -- Another backdraft. Glass? What are you listening to? Where are you going? I think we should get something straight here. I was assigned to this office by the city. Get used to me, Inspector. I'm not going anywhere. Uh, I'm Brian McCaffrey. Your new assistant. Oh, man, I'm sorry. Well that's two things to strangle Stephen for. Where is he, anyway? Sean, come on out, man. What, you forget your favorite uncle? That's Sean? Jeez, he's a giant. I know, I know, Should'a called. I've been really busy. I joined the fire department. Four months. Hi, Helen. Man, you look great. Yeah. In fact, I just dropped off a letter to the Times explaining how yesterday's arson announcement was a fabrication by your office. They loved it. And you know what? You were right, my family background in firefighting gave it weight. Nice boat. Yeah, we got all kinds of traditions -- like dying young. I have a job. Every little boy's fantasy. No, you don't understand, I saved a mannequin. Uh, I think there's been a mistake. I didn't save that woman. Yeah. Big fan. Swayzak's not my boss. So, you surviving without me? What? Ah man, is he usin' that line now on you? What, you think he made that little gem up? Jesus Christ, I used to have to listen to my old man use that every morning. Do you have to do that? Backdraft. Lots of fires. They promote faster there. Take a look at the last Lt.'s list, half the guys on it came from that battalion. Gotta think about your future, Timmy. 115's the station. Lucky guess. And a case of scotch to a captain in station assignments. Engine 115, right? Completely out of control. I was ahead of my time. Coffee sucked. Management were pin heads. Didn't offer the kinda growth and challenge I need. It's in my blood, Willy.Another couple of good men get burned up for their city? Is that how it's going to read? You're the only one that knows. Your brother was a good man. I've been lying here hours... just thinking... We're close... We're not looking in the right place, Brian. This one knows us and we're not looking in the right place... I hate hospitals. You're so... so goddamn useless... No. Yeah. Well Brian, I guess you can say it's arson now... It had to be someone who knows numbers. Some kind of fancy accountant. But what's the connection? Did a little check on the consulting firm that wrote the report. They did exactly one job -- Swayzak's manpower study. It's not even really a company. No employees, no directors, just a PO Box. This is the copy of Swayzak's manning report that was released. Everybody on this job knows it's bullshit but we could never argue with the numbers. They're all airtight. Who all ended up wearing candles for faces... Swayzak's up to his ass in this somehow. Guy can barely hold a drink in his hand, he's so scared. And Cosgrove. Coppers figured he laundered money for the mob before getting into real estate. They weren't very high on Seagrave, either. Son of a bitch. They knew each other. In a word, Brian, what is this job all about? What the hell are you doing here? No. Do that and I guarantee you'll scare him off. I don't want him running away. No, we have a stone killer trying to make a point. Why backdrafts. Whoever fried Seagrave and Cosgrove went to a helluva lot of trouble to make sure they died by fire, but also made sure the fire blew itself out. But he could have killed everybody there. The firebreaks kept it from spreading in the wall. The backdraft blew out the flame. That's it. That's the reason. I got it after we talked to Ronald. Torches. Want to fry the whole goddamn world. But the fires that killed those guys never really burned up much. -- The burns were all lit in outlets surrounded by double firebreaks in the walls. And he made his burns backdrafts. That's it! Oh, that son of a bitch, he's different, goddamn it! You see what this tells us, huh? Our killer doesn't love fire! I don't work for them, either. I don't guess. Even if it was used to seal the air off, that doesn't explain why someone would go to the trouble of a backdraft. A gun's a helluva lot easier Look, it isn't proof, okay? Someone may have put the chemical in the outlet, but we found it as a vapor in Cosgrove's clothes. Son of a bitch tears 'em apart just to eat the oxygen. Wouldn't take much at all to melt ten gauge wire. Problem's burnt magnesium leaves a powder trace -- unless you could find something that would eat its residue. Ever burned magnesium? It's so hot it takes water molecules and BAMM! -- Go to the bottom. Under heat properties. Read. I just re-wrote your contract. C'mere... Temperature in this room was about 2000 degrees, but copper wire in outlet is melted, which requires 5000 degrees. An accidental short in the plug could of created a spark of 7000 degrees, hot enough to melt the wire and start a fire. Glass found in ignition room is in small, thin pieces, indicating explosion. Lack of discoloration indicates a long, slow burn. Explosion must of come after a slow burn. You little tease... What were you up to you little bastard, huh? What made you that mad? Or scared. It started in this room. Took its time, hung out... but the air ran out. It couldn't breathe. So it was snuffed. But it wasn't dead... still all that trapped heat, lying low, waiting for some sucker to open the door and give it that one gulp of air... Do we have a language barrier here? Glass. So you were happy here. Warm and cozy and in no hurry... Soot high, clean unburned wall low, indicates slow burn in thermal balance. Find me some glass. -- Shhh. Pest control. Look, I knew your father, he had a helluva reputation on this job. But that don't mean you get any slack. Swayzak sends you down here, okay, I gotta eat you, that's the rules and I got nothing to say about that. But Swayzak or no, you live with me. Step out of line, and I don't care who knows you, I'll swing the hammer. You think you're the first? Then go find a corner. I don't want you in my way. Are you still here? Your Dennis' kid. I work alone. What the hell was it doing in the fire? Trychticholorate? Alright, it's an absorption catalyst in toxic waste accidents. It's pretty rare, they stopped making it a couple'a years ago. McCaffrey, hold this for us. Putty? On both doors? And the world -- the whole world. And old ladies? Sure Ronald? You're ready alright. Nobody cares, Ronald. Ronald here likes telephones. Used to tape wooden matches to the bell striker and wrap it in cotton. Came up with a whole little thing there, didn't you Ronald? When you got bored, what did you do? You just started making calls... mostly day care centers and retirement homes, wasn't it? Knock it off. Now. You don't know him. You like everybody, Ronald. He works for me. Wouldn't miss this for the world, pal. How ya doin', Ronald. Staying comfortable? I need that report, Lt. I might. What do you listen to, Stephen? I deal with this stuff every day. But a fireman... you never get used to it. What happened up there? He was a candidate. Did he pay attention? Was he listening? Are the glory boys actually showing interest in Investigation's work? I may have a stroke. This'll only take a minute. There's two cops outside that want to ask you about this -- Mr. Swayzak! How ya doin'? Is there a connection between them, Alderman? Holcomb? I didn't know the name of that victim had even been released yet. We still haven't found a connection between the victims. No Marty, I don't. "Don?" Alderman. I need to get in the trunk. Alderman Swayzak.You stupid son of a bitch! What the fuck are you doing! There's a fire. We've got a job here. Let's get on with it. -- Knock it off! -- What the fuck were you thinking, huh? Burning people? You're a fireman. Goddamn it Adcox! Just do your fucking job! -- What the hell's the matter with you? You always check the other side. I haven't got time for bullshit right now, okay? We got a job here. Adcox, go with Pengelly and check the other side. We're gonna be okay, man... Kind of an asshole, wasn't he? You know Knowlton pretty well? No. I need a drink. Tim, fill out the alarm card. Clean the pipe poles, wipe down the ladders and hang some hose. Nah, listen to it. It's a pussy. It'll just steam on us. It won't flash. Go high in the ceiling. No, we'll hit the son of a bitch head on. Be gentle. Don't tell them about Adcox... Don't let 'em... Oh shut up, huh? I think I broke my goddamn arm... You crazy son of a bitch, why couldn't you stay behind a desk where you belong? Shut up! I'm his Lt. He's my responsibility. I'll handle it. Me. I'll handle it. Anything else? They were for the fucking boat, Brian. I knew when you came looking for the chemicals. Looking for me. I know. -- What are you doing here? I don't know, Brian... I don't know... Maybe I do. ...What a fuckin' mess, huh? People can change Brian. ...Jesus, you been carrying that around for twenty years? For christ's sake, you were seven years old! You think he could have heard you in there? Everybody did. Saw what? -- I tried, y'know? Helen's right. I don't have all the answers, but goddamn it, I've got some. Look, you're gonna do what you have to, and maybe I shouldn't have gotten in the way. I'm your brother, not your father. Go on. You gotta go somewhere? Go... -- Okay, so you don't like me. You don't like everything I've done. What, because I wasn't such a genius the way I raised you? Jesus Christ, dad was gone, what was I supposed to do? You tell me, what the fuck was I supposed to do?! Yeah? What have you got to do? Look at you. Look at your face. All the things you must be thinking. Man, you must really hate my guts. Well, you know what? It's okay. Yeah, it's just another memory in my life right now. And I got way too many of them... Well, long as you're here you can help clean up a little. I've got a guy coming to look at this in a few minutes. So hello. Hey, what are you doing here? Fuck you. I had that fire. He didn't listen! ...Not now, Brian. Brian, look -- Look, you are sorta making yourself fair game. You said you wanted to know something, Brian. What did you learn today? What do you say, Brian, huh? Time to move on? That's not what it's about, Brian. The point is there was a kid in there. And what if there'd been two? I went in because that's what I do. It's my way. It's dad's way. It isn't everybody's way. You okay? Listen to it, Brian... Jump when I say... It won't get us. Ready? Roll the hose. You got a problem with drilling, probie? Roll the hose. Yeah... too bright... Jesus, it's too damn bright in here... Like a goddamn spotlight... I'm goin' blind... Look, Brian, a photographer. Maybe I can get on the cover of LIFE magazine, too. Nah, he's nothin'. It's just sometimes... sometimes you just gotta punch somebody out, y'know? Hey. Brian -- -- See ya tonight. C'mon ladies, let's roll some hose... What you did was drop the ball, Probie. Get that right. -- I told you to stay next to me! -- You split the team, man. And what was that crap with the standpipe? You'd think you and a hose were never introduced before. Y'know, you got an awful short memory for direct orders. I told you to stay beside me. Hook us up to a stand-pipe. Ya love it, probie? I think you're gonna find out, Brian. Don't be late tomorrow. Yeah, you know. You know what it felt like. Thanks for the speakers. Big bad brother is going to treat you like any other probie -- that I don't think is going to make it. I know you cold, Brian. The scary thing is, you probably could have faked it for awhile. But you see, in this job there's no place to hide. Isn't like selling log cabins. You have a bad day here -- someone dies. And that's not fucking good enough. Want another beer? What is it with you, man, huh? How do you manage to keep coming up with new and amazing ways to screw up? That scotch bullshit? Am I really supposed to believe you came crawling back home because you suddenly felt heart strings moan for the family biz? You were bankrupt, man. Why'd you come here, Brian? That was never proved. Sheep don't count. People actually used to pay you for this? It works. What, you've never seen one before? It's old stuff Adcox gave me that the department was going to throw out anyway. Still good enough though for this tub. It's comin' along... want a beer? Well, see you're wrong already. Had a talk with Chief Fitzgerald, and we decided in the interest of brotherly love, that maybe you shouldn't be way over on the other side of town. So starting tomorrow, your assigned to company 17. My company. One case of scotch, you're getting cheap in your old age, Brian... Doesn't work on you. See ya around, little brother. So you're going to fight fires now, huh? Well, look what we have here. Nice costume. Rent it? If you do it like that it'll open in the fire. Then you'll get burned and DIE. It doesn't go like that. Dad! Firehouse. Fireman shit? And DIE! Brian. He's not doing it right, dad. He never does it right. I'll be there, goddamn it! I'll be there. -- I'm busy goddamn it, okay? I'm busy. Call in another alarm. We're gonna need some back-up. -- He's gettin' good on those eggs. And y'know, he told me he actually likes the piano. Look, I'm sorry I -- Cook and I are almost finished here. Have a seat. I... It used to be, when I was a kid, what meant most to me about this job was there were no ifs. Life and death, right and wrong. When someone called the fire department, we came... Those guys don't know how much I love them... You don't leave people hanging... cause that's what it's all about. It's loyalty. It's 'till death do us part. Isn't that what you heard?... It's you go, we go... Cause without that, it's the end of families, it's the end of the fire department... and when the fire department stops coming... that's the end of the fucking world... I'm sorry I came, Helen, it's just... it's just there's nobody I can talk to... I miss you. I'm sorry... I... couldn't sleep... In a fire? Never. Look, I'm his brother. I care about him, y'know? He was going to get himself killed. Maybe not today, maybe not in a year, but it would've happened. And I couldn't -- I just couldn't... Hey, I'm the first one to admit when I'm wrong. Y'know, I treated him better than any other probie I ever had. He probably hates my guts, but I did the best thing for him. I made him finally look in the mirror. He's out. Coffee? Nah, I gotta go. I treated you better. He treats you okay? Sorry I hit Jackson. Yeah... I just thought I should say, I don't know, something. I just wanted to, I don't know, not exactly apologize for the other night -- especially since I don't remember much of it -- Give up, babe. You can't fight it. Believe me, my mom tried... Oh yeah? How's he doing? Where's Sean? Fixing my roof. You can't talk about my brother like that... Uh, Helen, I wanted to talk to you a second about Sean... It knows us. This one knows us. You don't know... nobody knows... ...He wasn't listening to the right thing... I'm working on it. The glory boys just want to finish their report so they can go home. Got a cause?I don't know how they got to me. Maybe cause I repped him here. The Feebees run background checks. On my mama's breasts, man, that's all I got. There wasn't no conspiracy, Jim. If there were, why the hell didn't Bobby Kennedy prosecute it as Attorney General, he was his brother for Chrissake. How the fuck three people could keep a secret like that, I don't know. It was Oswald. He was a nut job. Faggot, y'know, hated this country. There were no phone records. Hell, no! I told this Bertrand cat right off, this isn't my scene, man. I deal with muni court, I'm a hack in nigger town, that kid needs a hot dog. Mario, Jose - they wear names like you and I wear clothes. Today the name is Candy, tomorrow it's Butsie. I wish I could help you, Jim. Three, four. He came in with a few Cubano swishes one time I remember... Like I told to the Washington boys, Bertrand called that summer and asked me to help the kid upgrade his Marine discharge... Always - like tits on a pig. I wish I had a million of those bimbettes. You knew you weren't talking to some low life fag, you know. He had command of the king's English. Swishes. They swish, y'know. Young fags, you know. They'd come into my bureau needing help, no bread, and I'd say, hey man, I ain't Rockefeller, who gonna back you up? These cornmuffins go to the phone and dial... Oh, I first heard these street cats jiving about him back in '56, '57 when I lived down in the Quarter. You can't ever say crime don't pay in Louisiana, Jim - only not as good as it used to. Good chowder, ain't it? They put the heat on, my man, just like you're doing. I gave'em anything that popped into my cabeza. Truth is, I never met the dude. Right. There you go. Grain of salt. Two sides to every coin. Why you keep dancing on my head for, my man? We been thicker'n molasses pie since law school.Maybe I have a little more respect for this country's institutions than you do, Susie. You tell me how the hell you can keep a conspiracy going between the Mob, the CIA, FBI, and Army Intelligence and who knows what else, when you know you can't even keep a secret in this room between 12 people! We got leaks everywhere! We're going to trial here! What the hell do we really got? Oswald, Ruby, Banister, Ferrie are dead. Shaw - maybe he's an agent, I don't know, but as a covert operator in my book he's wide open for blackmail 'cause of his homosexuality. Grab your socks and pull... Clay Bertrand is Clay Shaw... Susie, you're an assistant D.A., remember. Stick to what you can prove in court. Maybe there's more to this, Susie. The CIA's keeping something from our enemies. No, I'm not... Frank, I don't want to hear it. Yeah, I guess you do. Boss would fry me in hog fat if he knew... Hey, where y'at, Frank? You're wasting your time here. Big Jim gave strict orders. No FBI allowed. Keep saying what? ...rumor is Shaw, a local boy, was working on some arms deal to discredit the civil rights movement. No one really knows what they were doing there, but everyone sure saw 'em. They stood out like cottonballs. I got whites and blacks saw 'em, but last time I checked there was nothing illegal with registering to vote. We still got the Negro junkie, Vernon Bundy, saw 'em talkin' at the seawall near Lake Pontchartrain. But it's tough, boss - no one wants to talk about Shaw. He's... Yeah. They were seen together in Clinton in early September. The Civil Rights Movement was running a voter registration drive. With whose testimony? Willie O'Keefe? A male prostitute. Jack Martini? A drunk? Vernon Bundy? A dope fiend. Shaw's got respect, the newspaper editors, the American Bar Association - they're not... The fact is he's gone, chief, and so's our case. It's addressed to no one and no signature. "To leave this life is, for me, a sweet prospect. I find nothing in it that is desirable and on the other hand, everything that is loathsome." You, Numa? What do you think, Lou? Pretty fast, wasn't it. The way they let him go. So why does he call himself Bertrand? Clay Bertrand is Clay Shaw? The guy who used to run the International Trade Mart? What's the other name? Who is he, Joe? I've been to every bar, no one wants to talk. Go on, Willie. And that's where you met Oswald for the first time? Did he pay you for this? Clay Bertrand, Willie? This is Louisiana, chief. How the hell do you know who your daddy is? 'Cause your momma told you so... You're way out there taking a crap in the wind, boss, and I for one ain't going along on this one. Jim sighs, saddened. Bill was one of his best men. Yeah. Maybe 'cause there's some rogue element in the Government! Boss, are you calling the President a murderer? Oh, now you're saying Lyndon Johnson was involved? The President of the United States? So for those reasons, you're going to trial against Clay Shaw, chief? Well, you're gonna lose! We should be investigating all our Mafia leads here in New Orleans - Carlos Marcello, Santos Trafficante - I can buy that a hell of a lot easier than the Government. Ruby's all Mob, knows Oswald, sets him up. Hoffa - Trafficante - Marcello, they hire some guns and they do Kennedy and maybe the Government doesn't want to open up a whole can o'worms there because it used the Mob to get to Castro. Y'know, Castro being assassinated sounds pretty wild to John Q. Citizen. So they close the book on J.F.K. It makes sense to me. I don't buy it, chief - why would the FBI cover it up? You're talking the whole FBI here. A telex that disappears from every single FBI office in the country? Where you going, boss? Found another note, same thing, no name, no signature. "When you receive this, I will be quite dead, so no answer will be possible. I offered you love. All I got in return in the end was a kick in the teeth." Well, they offered you the carrot, and you turned it down... you know what's coming next, don't you, boss? That's fine, Numa, but what about all the people who aren't writing letters. They're sitting home reading all these lies. I just heard NBC crew's in town to do a "White Paper" - not on the Kennedy killing, but on us. One of their top guys, Harry Stoner, is talking to everybody he can find about you, boss... That's gonna be tough. Nobody's talking. I still have to question what the legal basis is that supports this, boss. Susie's stuff is colorful, but... But why? He had his palm print on the weapon. And therefore because Oswald pulled the trigger, the intelligence community murdered their own commander in chief. That's what you're saying! I'm lost, boss. What are we saying here? Gee, thanks boss. And the six of us, with almost no budget and in secret, are going to solve the case that the Warren Commission with dozens of support staff and millions of dollars couldn't solve. We can't keep up with the crimes in the Parish as it is, Chief. He'll never sign a statement, boss, let alone get on a witness stand. Well, it's a terrific yard, Chief, but the man's an obvious alcoholic with a reputation lower than crocodile piss. Lord, wake me, please. I must be dreaming. What the hell's a Communist like Lee Oswald doing working out of Banister's? At 7:30 Sunday morning? It's not exactly fresh blood we're sniffing here, boss. The anonymous kind, Chief.They're Agency, too. Don't you get it? CIA and Mafia together. Trying to whack out the Beard. Mutual interests. They been doing it for years. There's more to this than you dream. FBI fucking hates the CIA. Navy Intelligence got something to do with it too. Check out "Alan Pope" in Miami. Jack Youngblood. Bill Harvey. Colonel Roselli. The shooter, I hear, was a Dallas cop - the bagman at Ruby's club. I heard he shot his own partner. Got that? Check out the rich fucks in Dallas. H.L. Hunt. He's dirty. That's all I know. But the Agency always runs the show. Check out something called "Mongoose" Operation Mongoose. Government, Pentagon stuff, they're in charge, but who the fuck pulls whose chain who the fuck knows, fun 'n' games man - check out Southeast Asia - that's the next big number - the heroin trail. "Oh, what a deadly web we weave when we practice to deceive." Photographs - compromising stuff. And he'll use 'em. The Agency plays for keeps... I knew Oswald. He was in my Civil Air Patrol unit. I taught him everything. A "wanna be," y'know, nobody really liked him cause he was a snitch. I treated him good. He'd talk about his kid, y'know, really wanted her to grow up with a chance, but... He got a raw deal. The Agency fucked him. Just like they're gonna fuck me. That cocksuckin' faggot! He's got me by the balls. I don't have much time. They don't even need bugs anymore. They got these fuckin' satellite waves. They put a bug in a friend of mine when he was born, right up his nostrils, subcutaneous, between his eyes. He was one of those products of a crossbreading experiment. A Nazi rocket scientist father and a Commie spy mother. You'd never believe half the shit the Agency does. I'm so fuckin' tired. Haven't slept since that shit article came out. Why'd you guys have to go and get me involved with this? I don't know who to trust anymore. Yeah, sure I could use a pot of hot coffee and a few packs of Camels. You got anything new in the investigation? I'm caught in the middle. They're after me. It's almost over. I got no place to sleep. I'll meet you in 20 minutes. ...give me protection? The Fontainbleau? 20 minutes? It leads farther than that. You still questioning any Cubans? You think your investigation's been all that secret? You know, when you talk to people, they talk to other people. I'm a dead man! From here on, believe me, I'm a dead man. Somebody planted that fucking story! And somebody tipped off the press I'm one of Garrison's fucking suspects. I can't go home. I'm out on the street. The maggots are everywhere! Do you know what you've done to me? It's all over the national news now. You know what you've done to me? Yeah, you got it. Since you're the only straight shooter in that fuckin' office, I'd like an answer from you. Did you plant it? You know damn well who it is. Yeah, yeah. But leave me alone for awhile. I got to make some calls. They'll get to you, too - they'll destroy you... They're untouchable, man... I'm so fucking exhausted I can't see straight. Shit! Forgot to glue this fuckin' rug today. You know, at one time I even had a full head of hair like everyone else. And then I lost that. That fuckin' Clay Shaw. I hate the bastard. All I got left is in his rotten, bloody hands. He tipped the newspapers - I know it. That's how the Agency works. They use people, chew them up, spit 'em out. Now it's my turn. Oh man, why don't you stop. This is too fuckin' big for you! Who did Kennedy? It's a mystery wrapped in a riddle inside an enigma. Even the shooters don't fuckin' know! Don't you get it yet? I can't be talking like this. They're gonna kill me. I'm gonna die! I don't know what happened. All I wanted in the world was to be a Catholic priest - live in a monastery, study ancient Latin manuscripts, pray, serve God. But I had this one terrible, fatal weakness. They defrocked me. And then I started to lose everything. Jack? Jack was a pimp. A bagman in Dallas for the Mob. He used to run guns to Castro when he was still on our side. Check out Jack Youngblood. Shit - we almost had Castro. Then we tried to whack him. Everybody's flipping sides all the time. It's fun 'n' games, man fun 'n' games. Shaw's an "untouchable", man - highest clearance. Shaw, Oswald, the Cubans - all Agency. You make it sound like some remote fuckin' experience in ancient history. Man, you never leave the Agency. Once they got you, you're in for life. Black, black - just give it to me. Shit. I'm so exhausted. My neck is killing me. I've got cancer. Had it for years. I been working with mice, y'know, trying to come up with a cure. Same one. I didn't know no impersonator. Fuckin' A. How do you think the Agency gets people to do their bullshit? Fuck knows what they got on Oswald! Everybody! The Agency. The Mob. The Cubans. Yeah, follow the Cubans. Check them out. Here, in Dallas, Miami. Check out a guy named Eladio del Valle. My paymaster when I flew missions into Cuba - he's somewhere in Miami. You're on the right track. You think I was a getaway pilot for the assassination, don't you? Oh, you got that? Banister's pet project. Getting paid by the government to work against the government. Beautiful. What a mind he had, what a guy, Guy. He had all those files. Leon's in a bad mood, don't get excited, he's all right. Why? What's wrong? Yes, now I remember, Mr. Garrison. I'm sorry, I got confused. We got out there near the geese and it was only then we realized we'd forgotten our shotguns. Stupid, right? So of course we didn't get any geese. Oh yes, well, come to think of it, they're right. We got to where the geese were and there were thousands of them. But you couldn't approach them. They were a wise bunch of birds. I believe the boys got a couple. In the morning we went goose hunting. Then headed home, but I dropped the boys off to see some relatives and I stayed in Hammond. No particular reason. Just to go somewhere. We went straight to Houston, and then Saturday night we drove to Galveston and stayed over there. Oh, it was just a spur of the moment thing... the storm wasn't that bad. I hadn't been there ice skating in many years, and I had a couple of young friends with me, and we decided we wanted to go ice skating. Yeah, now that's true. I drove to Houston. No, I never saw him before in my life. No... if he did, I don't remember him. There were lots of kids in and out... y'know. That's not true. I never met anybody named Oswald. Anybody who told you that has to be crazy. Do you mind if I smoke, Mr. Garrison? Do you remember me, Mr. Garrison? I met you on Carondolet Street right after your election. I congratulated you, remember?Gentlemen, I will not hear this. I value Bill as much as anyone here. We all need to make room for someone else's ideas, Lou, especially me. Maybe Oswald is what everyone says he is and I'm just plain dumb wrong. William Walter, the night clerk on duty here in the FBI office, gave me a copy of this. It went all over the country. Nothing was done, and the motorcade went ahead on schedule - and this wasn't even mentioned in the Warren Report! Read it, Al. Well, what do you expect from a pig but a grunt. Not one word. That's an order. I don't care if he was doing it with giraffes in the zoo, Numa, it's none of our business. Let's keep this side of it quiet, shall we? Susie, watch the language, would you please. The interesting thing is the extent to which the Warren Commission went to make him a Communist. They got almost 150 pages and 130 exhibits of the report on this Mexico trip and the picture doesn't even match. I'm beginning to think the point of the Mexican episode was to lay the blame at Castro's door. If Oswald, or someone purporting to be Oswald, had gotten into Cuba, come back, then killed the President, the American public once again would've screamed for a Cuban invasion... Al, you can't tell a mink from a coonskin unless you see the fur up close. Goddamn, Sam! If we don't start reading between the lines here! Y'all gotta start thinking on a different level - like the CIA does. We're through the looking glass. Here white is black and black is white. Of course there weren't. 'Cause they disappeared. And yet the Commission found you, Dean. Then how the hell did you get in the Warren Commission, Dean? Except through the phone records in the Dallas jail? Did you speak to Oswald in Dallas? Recall any names? So you saw Oswald how many times? And Oswald? Did he pay? What was his voice like? Street cats? When did you first do business with this Bertrand? Yeah, she was pretty, all right, but not half as cute as you, Deano. You shoulda tried a legitimate line of business. Now that's pretty important, Dean. You also told the FBI when you met him, he was six foot two. Then you tell the Commission he was five foot eight. How the hell did the man shrink like that, Dean? You tell them the day after the assassination you were called on the phone by this "Clay Bertrand" and asked to fly to Dallas and be Lee Oswald's layer. Because you keep conning me, Dean. I read your testimony to the Warren Commission and... Julius Caesar: "Brutus and Cassius, they too are honorable men." Who killed Caesar? Twenty, twenty-five Senators. All it takes is one Judas, Bill - a few people, on the inside, Pentagon, CIA... With a full-blown conspiracy to cover it up? Y'ever read your Shakespeare, Bill? If I'm so far from the truth, why is the FBI bugging our offices? Why are our witnesses being bought off and murdered? Why are Federal agencies blocking our extraditions and subpoenas when we were never blocked before? I know this, Bill - Lyndon Johnson got $1 billion for his Texas friends, Brown and Root, to dredge Cam Ranh Bay for the military in Vietnam. That's just for openers. I don't doubt their involvement, Bill, but at a low level. Could the Mob change the parade route, Bill, or eliminate the protection for the President? Could the Mob send Oswald to Russia and get him back? Could the Mob get the FBI, the CIA, and the Dallas Police to make a mess of the investigation? Could the Mob appoint the Warren Commission to cover it up? Could the Mob wreck the autopsy? Could the Mob influence the national media to go to sleep? And since when has the Mob used anything but .38's for hits, up close? The Mob wouldn't have the guts or the power for something of this magnitude. Assassins need payrolls, orders, times, schedules. This was a military-style ambush from start to finish... a coup d'etat with Lyndon Johnson waiting in the wings. Shaw's our toehold, Bill. I don't know exactly what he is, where he fits, and I don't care. I do know he's lying through his teeth and I'm not gonna let go of him! There's a word - orders. I don't know, Bill, I just don't know. All right, all right. Break it up. Jesus, they must've been hard pressed to come up with that one. Those bastards! That's proof enough right there of what we're up against. The whole goddamn Federal Government, Bill! Oh Jesus, Stoner!... Why doesn't he call me? I think we should have him in for a little talk. Can you get some sworn statements? Let's start making some assumptions about the man. Why would he leave a path as big as Lee Harvey Oswald's? This is not a thin trail, gentlemen, it is a very wide one. Who found the evidence? Who set him up? Lou, Bill, Susie, I want you to go back and check all the sightings of Oswald in Dallas, New Orleans and Mexico in the summer and fall of '63 - see if it's the same guy. To frame him, obviously. You got to get in your minds how the hell spooks think, Bill! They're not ordinary crooks. It went to the goddamn FBI and they didn't find a goddamn thing. It comes back a week later and one guy in the Dallas police department suddenly finds a palm print which for all I know he could've taken off Oswald at the morgue. There's no chain of evidence, Bill. And what about the tow guns actually seen in the Depository? One an Enfield photographed by a newsman and the other a Mauser, described by Deputy Weitzman... Maybe, just maybe, Lee Oswald was exactly what he said he was Bill - "a patsy". Take it at face value. Lou, Susie, I'm going with my gut here. He's got an alias of Hidell to buy the rifle, "O.H. Lee" to rent the room, right? What's in a name, right? In intelligence, they're assumed to be fake. A name is sort of like a postbox number, a code - several different people can use the same name, right? Then why can't somebody be using Oswald's name? I'll go you one better! Maybe Oswald didn't even pull the trigger, Bill. The nitrate test indicates he didn't even fire a rifle on November 22nd. And on top of that, they didn't even bother to check if the rifle had been fired that day. We're saying that when Oswald went to Russia, he was not a real defector, that he was an intelligence agent on some kind of mission for our government and he remained one till the day he died, that's what we're saying. The murder of a President, Bill, is a crime in Orleans Parish too. I didn't pick you because of your legal skill, you know. When something's rotten in the land, Bill, it generally isn't just one fish, we'll get corroboration... find this Clay Bertrand. If I were a betting man, I'd give you 10 to 1 it's an alias. Start checking around the Quarter. Does that bother you, Bill? I always wondered in court why it is because a woman is a prostitute, she has to have bad eyesight. No, you're awake, Bill, and I'm dead serious. And we're going to start by tracking down your anonymous source from three years ago. How did you find out Dave Ferrie drove to Texas that day? Y'ever heard of a double agent, Bill? I'm beginning to doubt Oswald was ever a Communist... after the arrest, 544 Camp Street never appeared on the pamphlets again. Now here's another one for you: What would you say if I told you Lee Oswald had been trained in the Russian language when he was a Marine? Old stains, Bill, but just as telling. Morning, boys. Ready for a walking tour? Hold your horses. What kinda source? Well, it doesn't make sense, Nick - he was afraid of dying, then he kills himself in a way that leaves no trace, but he leaves two unsigned suicide notes. Can you ascertain if there's Proloid in his system? Nick, what would happen if a man suffering from hypertension were to take an entire bottle of Proloid? What's it look like, Nick? Get some rest, Dave, and you'll feel better in the morning. We'll talk then. Dave, it's going to be okay. Just talk to us on the record and we'll protect you. I guarantee it. Then who killed the President? What about Ruby? And Shaw? Dave, can I just ask you this directly? Did you ever work for the CIA? Did you take a good look at the TV when they had Oswald? Was it the same Oswald, Dave, that was in Dallas, or was it an impersonator. Let me get this straight, now. Clay Shaw is blackmailing you? I don't know. Were you? Who you scared of, Dave? Who was paying you, Dave? You mean about the Cubans getting trained north of the lake? Would you say this "Leon" was actually Lee Harvey Oswald? Dave, I find your story simply not believable. I see. Dave thank you for your time. I'm sorry it has to end inconveniently for you, but I'm going to have you detained for further questioning by the FBI. Your young friends also told us you had no weapons in the car. Dave, isn't it a bit difficult to hunt for geese without a shotgun? But the boys told us they didn't get any. Did you bag any geese on this trip? And then Sunday? Why Galveston? I see. And where did you drive? Dave, may I ask why the urge to go ice skating in Texas happened to strike you during one of the most violent thunderstorms in recent memory? What was so appealing about Houston? Well that must've been mistaken information we got. Thanks for straightening it out for us. There is one other matter that's come up, Dave. We were told you took a trip to Texas shortly after the assassination of Friday. I'm sure you've seen this. Perhaps you knew this man under another name? But you are aware, he served in your Civil Air Patrol unit when he was a teenager. How could I? Dave, as you know, President Kennedy was assassinated on Friday. A man named Lee Harvey Oswald was arrested as a suspect and then was murdered yesterday by a man named Jack Ruby. We've heard reports that Oswald spent the summer in New Orleans and we've been advised you knew Oswald pretty well. How could I forget? You make quite a first impression. Sharon, could you please bring us some coffee? I've heard over the years you're quite a first-rate pilot, Dave. Legend has it you can get in and out of any field, no matter how small... I'm a bit of a pilot myself, you know. Flew grasshoppers for the field artillery in the war. Come in, Dave. Have a seat, make yourself comfortable. Coffee? There were admirals. But you took his orders. He was directing the autopsy. But you were a qualified pathologist. Was this Army general a qualified pathologist? Your Honor, I would ask you to direct the witness to answer my question. Why did Colonel Finck not dissect the track of the bullet wound in the neck? As a pathologist it was your obligation to explore all possible causes of death, was it not? Colonel Finck, are you saying someone told you not to dissect the neck? There's nothing wrong with feeling a little scared, Jasper, Virginia. Telling the truth can be a scary thing. It scared President Kennedy, but he was a brave man. If you let yourself be too scared, then you let the bad guys take over the country, don't you - and then everybody gets scared. No, Jasper, nobody's gonna kill us. Well, it looks like it, Jasper. Hi, Freckle Face. That's something, Jasper. What is it? Sure it is. Freckle Face, if I ever handled a minor felon like that, it'd be all over the papers. I'd catch hell. And this is the alleged murderer of the President? I know. No, I don't think I am, Susie. Anyone else? I think Clinton is a breakthrough. Shaw denies he knows Ferrie or Oswald. Is that right? It proves he's a liar. Keep on it, Bill. I don't believe it! Goddamn! They put Oswald together from Day One! Like some dummy corporation in the Bahamas - you just move him around a board. Sent him to Russia, in and out, no passport problems. You got the word "microdots" in his notebook, you got the Minox camera and the electronic devices they find in his possessions, the sealed DIZ201 personnel file. For all we know, there could be a dozen Oswalds in different cities, countries - all of them leaving a trail of incriminating evidence that could easily be traced to a scapegoat after the assassination. Does the real Oswald know he's been put together? Who knows. It doesn't matter, does it? He's a low level spy, he doesn't know who he really works for... I wonder about the Williams'. Just where did the first description of Oswald come from at 12:44? No one knows. They claimed it was Brennan's, but his description came after 1 P.M. Who called? Somehow the FBI's been tapping the Williams' and picks up a call between Bell Helicopter and Janet's phone, an unidentified voice saying "We both know who's responsible." Who called? Why's the Bureau been tapping them? Presumably so he can now exercise his intellect stacking school texts at $1.25 an hour. Sort of like Benedict Arnold coming back to George Washington's cabinet. Dammit, it doesn't add up! Ordinary people get blacklisted for leftist affiliations! The State Department did everything short of dispatching a destroyer to Minks to insure Oswald's return. Only intelligence people can come and go like that. And Marina? Does she have a problem getting out? But who meets him when he gets off the boat in New York in June '62? This is a man whose secrets cause us to change our radar patterns in the Pacific! He should've been prosecuted as a traitor! Don't get sidetracked! How does he get back to the States? That's the point. Does he have any problems? Makes sense - he's a spokesman. If we go to him our investigation'll hit the front pages by sunrise. Blow up right in our face. Ruby was just given a new trial. If he has something to say, it'll be there. Susie, what did you find out on Oswald? I've spent half my life in the United States military serving and defending this great country, Mr. Shaw, and you're the first person I ever met who considered it an act of patriotism to kill his own president. No, people like you don't have to, I guess - people like you walk between the raindrops. Mr. Shaw, have you ever been a contract agent with the Central Intelligence Agency? ...and that this company is linked to the Schlumber tool company here in Houma, Louisiana - which is where their arms may have come from to David Ferrie and his Cubans... It says that this company has heavily Fascist ties to the French secret army organization that tried to assassinate de Gaulle in 1960. Mr. Shaw, this is an Italian newspaper article saying you were a member of the Board of Centro Mondo Commerciale in Italy, that this company was a creature of the CIA for the transfer of funds in Italy for illegal political-espionage activities. It says that this company was expelled from Italy for those activities. Please answer the question. Mr. Shaw, did you ever meet Lee Harvey Oswald? Mr. Shaw, can you identify this man? No, it was not. Do you know an attorney by the name of Dean Andrews? Does the name Clay Bertrand mean anything to you? Let me show you his picture. ...and that the four of you partied early into the morning hours... David Ferrie. ...in the course of that night, Mr. O'Keefe said a man named David Ferrie stopped by the house... along with another young man... After dinner you paid him to have sex with you. I would imagine a uniformed waiter helps. Perhaps a few more details about the evening will refresh your memory. Mr. O'Keefe told us dinner was served by a uniformed waiter - a colored man. He particularly remembers that you sat at one end and he at the other - which he found rather unusual because the table was so long. Does that bring back memories of Willie O'Keefe? Mr. O'Keefe told us he met you at the Masquerade Bar down in the Quarter and several evenings later you had him over for dinner at your apartment on Dauphine Street. Do you recall that? A Willie O'Keefe? A Perry Russo? We recently talked to a number of men who claim to know you. Are you acquainted with a David Logan? Well... in an investigation we're conducting your name has come up a number of times. Mrs. Mercer, as a former FBI man, it's difficult to accept this. But you didn't seem nearly so sure in your statement to the Warren Commission. You mean you identified him on Saturday, the day before Ruby shot Oswald? In the sheriff's report, Mrs. Mercer, it says you were at Dealey Plaza two hours before the assassination but that... He won... and they killed Robert Kennedy. They shot him down. They killed him, honey. I never doubted for a second that I was. Will you come to the trial, Elizabeth? Well so do I, goddammit! So do I! I had a life too, y'know - I had a life, too. But you just can't bury your head in the sand like some ostrich, goddammit, Elizabeth! It's not just about you - and your well- being and your two cars and your kitchen and your TV and "I'm jes fine honey." While our kids grow up into a shithole of lies! Well, I'm not "fine" about that, I'm angry. My life is fucked, Liz! And yours is, too! And if you don't want to support me I can understand that but don't you go start making threats of taking the children away. That's not why I'm attacking him! You don't believe me - all this time you never believed me. Of course, I've changed! My eyes have opened, and once they're open, believe me, what used to look normal seems insane! And now King. Don't you think this has something to do with that? Can't you see? Damn it, if I say I'll spend more time with him, I'll spend more time with him. I can't fight you and the world too, Liz. I promise I'll make more time for Jasper. I'll take them up to my mother's if it'll make you feel better. Spend a week. I'll change the locks, the phone lines, I'll even get a bodyguard, all right? Elizabeth, get a hold of yourself. Honey, come on. The government wants you to be scared. They want everybody to be scared to speak out. They count on it. But there's nothing to be scared of. Get a hold of yourself. Only cowards make crank calls, sweetheart, nothing is going to happen. Just a crank making phone calls. Happens a dozen times a day at the office. Honey, some crackpot. Martin Luther King was killed in Memphis today! What? Nothing is going to happen to you. I won't let it. Don't be. Nothing to be scared about, honey, I been through four years of war - this is nothing. Did they live? It's going to get worse, honey. I don't know what to tell them. How 'bout the truth - I'm doing my job to make sure they can grow up in a country where justice won't be an arcane, vanished idea they read about in history books, like the dinosaurs or the lost continent of Atlantis. I don't know what to say except I'm sorry. I just don't have rabbits on my mind. Liz, I'm really sorry. The meeting went much longer than expected. Tough day. Look, I'll rush and be there by two, I promise. Go ahead without me. I'm sorry, but it's important. Clay Shaw is important. I'm sorry. Because when I scheduled it I didn't realize it was a holiday. You were there, why didn't you say something? No. I told you I was going to talk to Shaw. You know I don't like these tribal rituals, Freckle Face. I'm interviewing Clay Shaw this morning. It'll be off the record, honey. I'll bring him in on a Sunday. A quiet little chat between gentlemen. Goddammit! I been sleeping for three years! Liz, do I have to spell it out for you? Lee Oswald was no ordinary soldier. That was no accident he was in Russia. He was probably in military intelligence. That's why he was trained in Russian. And then this Colonel tries to make it sound like nothing. Oswald did badly on the test, he says. "He only had two more Russian words right than wrong." Ha! That's like me saying Touchdown here... ...is not very intelligent because I beat him three games out of five the last time we played chess. Honey, in all my years in the service I never knew a single man who was given a Russian test. Oswald was a radar operator. He'd have about as much use for Russian as a cat has for pajamas. It's incredible, honey - the whole thing. A Lieutenant Colonel testifies that Lee Oswald was given a Russian language exam as part of his Marine training only a few months before he defects to the Soviet Union. A Russian exam! Oh, she did, huh? When I come up I'll show you how Saturday night got invented. I can't believe a man as intelligent as Earl Warren ever read what's in those volumes. Mmmmm... sure smells good... but Egghead, do you realize Oswald was interrogated for twelve hours after the assassination, with no lawyer present, and nobody recorded a word of it? I can't believe it. A police captain with 30 years experience and a crowd of Federal agents just had to know that with no record anything that Oswald said would be inadmissible in court. No one's trying to buy you, Willie. It's important to know why you're telling us this. You realize the things you're saying, Willie, are going to be attacked by a lot of different people. Willie, are you willing to repeat your statements under sodium pentothal? Under the supervision of a doctor? Anything else unusual about him you'd be able to describe in a court of law, Willie? For sexual purposes? I want to thank you, Mr. O'Keefe, for this time. I will not have any damned ultimatums put to me, Lou. I'll accept your resignation. Are you giving me an ultimatum, Lou? Maybe you didn't hear what I said. I will not tolerate this infighting among the staff, I warn you that... We need him back. Maybe we should just call it a day, Lou. Go home. While we're still a little behind. We got two people killed, maybe more we never thought about. Head of the CIA since '53. Kennedy fired them both. Cabell was his deputy for nine years. Talk about the fox investigating the chicken coop. Now we'll have to subpoena them, Lou. His boss was the one on the Warren Commission who handled all the leads to the intelligence community. General Charles Cabell. Deputy Director of the CIA. Fired by Kennedy in '61 because of the Bay of Pigs fiasco, he moved back to the Pentagon, called Kennedy a "traitor". When he came to New Orleans to address the Foreign Policy Association, you know who introduced him? Our friend Clay Shaw. Earle Cabell. And guess who his brother is? You know who the mayor was? Who do you think changed the parade route? How many men? Why not just shoot Kennedy coming up Houston? There's plenty of time - he's out in the open - a frontal shot? The Zapruder film is the proof they didn't count on, Lou. We gotta get our hands on it. Didn't Hoover say something about that? The leaves had fallen off in November? Between six and seven seconds. I took it once for a low thyroid condition... It raises the metabolism, Lou. Did David Ferrie strike you as the kind of person who had a low metabolism? I have a plane to catch... going to Washington. An interesting lead, says he's closely connected to these events, but he won't come down here... I know what you're going through with Ferrie, Lou. We'll talk tomorrow. Goddamn Sam! I know you do, Lou. I'm doing three more lectures this month. You're all doing an incredible job, Sue, Al, Numa. But this is one where if you don't nail the other guy, you're dead. How did Jack Ruby dies so quick? Of what? Cancer, right? A history of Nazi Germany, Lou. They were studying viral cancers as a weapon in the 30's. We learned a lot more than you think from the Nazis. Read this. Our biological warfare lab is in Fort Detrick, Maryland. Close to where the National Cancer Institute is located. Think about it. Think the unthinkable - question everything. Unless he or someone else wants him to get caught. Maybe he never ordered the weapon, Lou. Somebody else did. It was picked up at the post office early morning when Oswald's time sheet shows him clocked in at his job. Lou, come alive. These things are not adding up. Can we find her? We need to find more witnesses, Lou. Hoboes I knew of old used to sleep in their clothes - these two look pretty young. I can't say that comes as a surprise anymore. We're going back into the case, Lou - the murder of the President. I want you to take some money from the Fees and Fines Account and go to Dallas - talk to some people. Bill, I want you to get Oser on the medical, the autopsy, Susan on Oswald and Ruby histories, tax records... Bill, Lou, we're standing in the heart of the United States Government's intelligence community in New Orleans. That's the FBI there, the CIA, Secret Service, ONI. Doesn't this seem to you a rather strange place for a Communist to spend his spare time? Upstairs. In 1963 that was the Office of Naval Intelligence - And just by coincidence, Banister, before he was FBI, was ONI. What do they say? Take a look across the street. Lou, you were in the Marines. Who would be running that training? Remember whose office this was back in '63? 531 Lafayette Street. I know David - a strange character. Let's get outta here, Lou. I saw too much stuff like this in the war. Oh no!... How bad? What's wrong, Lou? Russell, honestly you sound like one of those kooky critics spreading paranoia like prairie fire. I just can't believe the Chief Justice of the United States would put his name on something that wasn't true. You think there were other men involved, Russell? You know, something always bothered me about that from day one, and I can't put my finger on it. I thought the FBI test-fired the rifle to make sure it could be done? I sometimes feel things've gone downhill since John Kennedy was killed, Senator. Sure they do. The camera can pick this up. That's exactly my question, Jerry. Maybe I'd better show you some pictures so you can begin to understand what I am talking about. Well, if I am, why is the Government concealing evidence? Your faith in the veracity of the major media is touching, Jerry. It indicates that the Age of Innocence is not yet over. But seriously, Jerry, people aren't interested in Jim Garrison - they want the hard evidence! They want to know why he was killed and what forces were opposed to... I've been called everything under the sun, Jerry. Call me whatever you like. Just think... just think. What happened to our country .. to the world... because of that murder... Vietnam, racial conflict, breakdown of law, drugs, thought control, guilt, assassinations, secret government fear of the frontier... ...some story... the whole thing. It's like it never happened. His name? Ever ask him? ...and your General? Any chance of one of them confessing someday? Just speculating, I guess. How do you think it started? Well, thanks for coming. I haven't yet. I don't have much of a case. The size of this is... beyond me. Testify? I don't... I can't believe it. They killed him because he wanted to change things. In our time - in our country? I've already been warned by the Agency, Mr. Whoever. If this is another type of threat, I don't... Well, I just hope it was worth my while, Mr... Yes. Nobody knows what we're talking about, Jack. Hold on, Jack. What's the problem? The assassination, Jack? Clay Bertrand. He's in the Warren Report. He tried to get Oswald a lawyer. Was Kennedy ever discussed, Jack? Bertrand. Clay Bertrand? Anyone else involved at Banister's level? Anything more specific, Jack? It's important. And Oswald? Where is Banister in all this? Was he there often? Why did Guy beat you, Jack? You have other information? Well, I'd ask Guy - we were friendly, you know - heart attack, wasn't it? How much more? Yet on November 22, 1963 - the day of the President's murder - our police report says he pistol-whipped you with a .357 Magnum. But the police report says you had an argument over the phone bill. Here, take a look at it. Now, does a simple argument over phone bills sound like a believable explanation to you? And he never hit you before? Here's my problem, Jack. You told me you and Guy were good friends for a long time? It's a means to an end. This war has two fronts - in the court of law, we hope, against the odds, to nail Clay Shaw on a conspiracy charge. In the court of public opinion, it could take another 25 or 30 years for the truth to come out, but at least we're going to strike the first blow. I don't think so, Al. You remember the Hemingway story, "The Old Man and the Sea"? The old fisherman manages to catch this great fish - a fish so huge he has to tie it to the side of the boat to get it back in. But by the time he reached shore, the fish had long since been picked apart by sharks and nothing was left but the skeleton. He'll never make it. If he wins, they'll kill him. He wants to avenge his brother. He'll stop that war. No, they'll kill him before they let him become President. I expected that two months ago, and they're wasting their time... The bad news is the National Guard has just asked me to resign after 18 years. Well, maybe that's good news - it was never as good as combat, but this is. Bill, any more on Oswald and Shaw? I just don't want to do it. What else? No, she could get hurt. If you believe what's happening to these other people. Okay, you handle it, Numa. I don't have time for this nonsense. We've obviously got the bastards worried now. I'm going to Washington. You just need some sleep, Lou. It won't look so bad when... Even your own wife, Numa. Any of you want to quit, do me a favor... put us out of our misery. It's a contradiction, Numa, get used to them. The only explanation for the royal treatment is he did give them radar secrets. Or fake secrets. How long do you think it would take me to be appointed? And what would I have to do? The job manages to keep me pretty busy. That's it. Less than you would guess. Most days two to three assistant D.A.'s. A handful of police investigators. If you must know, virtually nothing. I imagine because this is the Criminal District Court Building This is an enlargement of a potential shooter standing behind the picket fence. We... Germany. They've been enlarged and show a lot of detail... We can use all the support we can get. I think these might interest you. Yes, your letter indicated you were in he oil business up there. Welcome, Mr. Miller. Jim Garrison. Would you care for some coffee?You're not digging. You know you keep saying that. Not unless we go for Shaw now. Pretty flowery for Dave Ferrie. I'm just an investigator, Bill. I leave the theories to you lawyers. Correct me if I'm wrong. I thought we were on the same side. What the hell business is it of theirs to say that? What about the mob, Dave? How do they figure in this? What do you mean? Did we involve you, Dave, or did Clay Shaw? Dave, I always play square. No bugs. I'd love you to go on the record, but I"m in no hurry. Whenever you're ready. Listen, Dave, why don't we order some room service, have a bite, relax. I'll stay as long as you want. Yeah! He'd kill for you Dave. He likes you. Your mind. Yeah. Come on, Dave, come on our side. I guarantee you the boss'll protect you... Dave? Dave, just calm down. Meet me in the lobby of the Fontainbleau in 20 minutes. I'll have a suite reserved for you under an assumed name. Dave, you know that's where this road leads. What did they... What are you talking about, Dave? You weren't mentioned in the story. Don't jump to conclusions. Calm down, Dave, what? Dave, do you think we're out of our minds? The whole building's been a zoo since that broke. We can't get a thing done. Reporters crawling everywhere. You think we want that? Dave? You sure got it. You're one stubborn and stupid sonofabitch D.A. and you're making one hell of a mistake! Well, if that's what you want to call it. I didn't ever think it would come to this. I guess I am, boss. Boss, then I'm afraid I can't continue working with Bill. I just plain don't trust him anymore. Chief, I've had my doubts about Bill for a long time. He's fighting everything. You never got anyone killed, boss. Their actions killed them years before. If we stopped now, it'd be even more wrong. They're gonna love you, chief. Allen Dulles? The Warren Commission call him? Who? No. Beats me. City officials. Secret Service. Dallas police. They did a dry run with Chief Curry a few days before. But they didn't bother running through Dealey. They stopped right there, said something like, "and afterwards there's only the freeway," and went home. One shooter. One spotter on a radio. Maybe three teams. I'd say these were professional riflemen, chief, serious people. Hunters... patient. It takes skill to kill with a rifle, that's why there's been no execution of an executive with one in 200 years... "3-2-1... green!" Or else "Abort! Abort!" When Kennedy gets to the kill zone, it's a turkey shoot. That means we gotta subpoena Time- Life on it. It was a Texas Live Oak, boss. It sheds it's leaves the first week of March. You try to hit a moving target at 88 yards through heavy foliage with this cheap 13-dollar sucker, the world's worst shoulder weapon. No way. The FBI tried two sets of tests and not one of their sharpshooters could match Oswald's performance. Not one. And Oswald was at best a medium shot. The scope was defective on it, too. I mean this is the whole essence of the case to me. The guy couldn't do the shooting. Nobody could. And they sold this lemon to the American public. The key is the second and third shots came right on top of each other, and it takes a minimum 2.3 seconds to recycle this thing. The other problem is there was a tree right there... Blocking the first two shots at the time they occur in the Zapruder film. Time? I'd say the opposite - hypertension. I'm onto Ferrie's Cuban paymaster, Eladio del Valle, in Miami. I gotta get him in, boss. I need more men - I can't even pull the teams to watch Ferrie... This is our case! You don't get it, guys - he can't go down any further. We got to protect him full time. And it ain't pretty ..."the AD has spent more than $8,000 on unexplained travel and investigative expenses since November, 1966. Mobbed up all the way. Tight with the Dallas cops. I'm digging, chief. I just need 10 more men and some more dollars. I never could figure out why this guy orders a traceable weapon to that post office box when you can go into any store in Texas, give a phony name and walk out with a cheap rifle which can never be traced. Graveyard dead near Big Sandy, Texas in '65. Two in the morning on some highway. A hit and run. There was Rose Cheramie. A whore. Two Cubans threw her out of a car on the way to Dallas. Graveyard dead. August this year. A single car accident on an empty road in Midlothian, Texas. The doctor said he was in some kind of strange shock when he died. ...not a single frayed collar or cuff, new haircuts, fresh shaves, clean hands - new shoe leather. Look at the ear of the cop... That's a wire. What's a cop wearing a headset for? I think they're actors, chief; they're not cops. ...take a good look, chief, do any of 'em look like the hoboes you remember? A photographer from The Dallas Times Herald got some great shots of them never published... They took 'em to the Sheriff's office, not the police station, and they let 'em go. No record of them ever being questioned. What are you driving at, boss? "Once ONI, always ONI"? Post Office. The Office of Naval Intelligence. I'd say he was probably getting intelligence training. Yeah, Guy Banister. Ex-FBI man. He died couple years ago. He's been in trouble before. Used to be a hot shot pilot for Eastern Airlines, but he got canned after an alleged homosexual incident with a 14-year old boy. One little guy with a cheap rifle - look what he can do. No word yet. But they think it's in the head. Boss, the President's been shot. In Dallas. Five minutes ago.Do you walk home? And you get of from school at 3 every day? And how tall are you? I need some information from you then. How old are you? Virginia, you're a lucky little girl. Your daddy has entered you in a beauty contest. Would you like to be in a beauty contest? Virginia or Elizabeth? Hello. Is this Jim Garrison's daughter?You know what I mean. I saw a lot of strange things going on in this office this summer. And a lotta strange people. Goddammit chief, why would I ever need to look in your files? I saw enough here this summer to write a book. You may not like this, chief, but you're beginning to act paranoid. I mean, you really are. Chief, sometimes I don't know whether you're kidding or not. I think I'll cut out here, chief. I gotta get home. Chief, maybe you had a little too much to drink. God's sake, chief. The President was shot. You're so naive, mister. What's the problem? What's the problem? Do I need to spell it out for you, Mr. Garrison? I better go. Never. Not with me sir, never... Listen, I think I'd better go. I said enough. I said all I'm going to say. Sure. 'Course they hated the sonofabitch, but... Yeah! That's it. I don't know. Maybe it wasn't. I gotta go. Clay something, that was his name - Clay. There was one guy, I don't know, big guy, business guy, white hair - I saw him come into the office once. He looked out of place, y'know - like a society guy. Can't remember his name. Oswald was with him. Yeah, he was there, too... sometimes he'd be meeting with Banister with the door shut. Other times he'd be shooting the bull with Ferrie. But he was there all right. Like I said, a fuckin' nuthouse. Banister was running his camp north of Lake Pontchartrain. Ferrie handled a lot of the training. There was a shooting range and a lot of tropical terrain like in Cuba. A few Americans got trained, too. Nazi types. Mercenaries. But Ferrie was the craziest. Often? He practically lived there. It was real cloak and dagger stuff. They called it Operation Mongoose. The idea was to train all these Cuban exiles for another invasion of Cuba. Banister's office was part of a supply line that ran from Dallas, through New Orleans to Miami, stockpiling arms and explosives. Dave Ferrie - you know about him? Well, I guess now that Guy's dead, it don't really matter... it was about the people hanging around the office that summer. I wasn't really part of the operation, you know. I was handling the private-eye work for Guy when that came in - not much did - but that's why I was there... it was a nuthouse. There were all these Cubans coming and going. They all looked alike to me. I didn't say that. All I know is he died suddenly just before the Warren Report came out. If you buy what you read in the paper. I don't know if I should talk about this. Never touched me. More than ten years.No, I did not. No, I would not even know what he looked like except for the pictures I've been shown. No, I did not. No, I did not. Now just a minute, sir! You're way out of line! May I go? Regardless of what you may think of me, Mr. Garrison, I am a patriot first and foremost. And if I was, Mr. Garrison... do you think I would be here today... talking to somebody like you? Mr. Garrison, you're reaching. I am an international businessman. The Trade Mart which I founded is America's commercial pipeline to Latin America. I trade everywhere. I am accused, as are all businessmen, of all things. I somehow go about my business, make money, help society the best I can and try to promote free trade in this world. Nonsense. What next? I'm well aware of this asinine article. And I am thinking very seriously of suing this rag of a newspaper. Of course not! Such a pity, that assassination. In fact, I admired President Kennedy. A man with true panache, and a wife with impeccable taste. You really have me consorting with a cast of sordid characters, don't you, Mr. Garrison. Naturally. Are you claiming, Mr. Garrison, that Mr. Oswald also had dinner with me? One meets so many attorneys in my business. No, I don't believe I know Dean Andrews. Clay Bertrand? Clay Bertrand? I believe there was a man with a name similar to that who worked at the Chamber of Commerce. Is that the man you had in mind? No. I'm sure I've never met anyone of such a bizarre appearance. No. I have never known anyone by that name. Of course never having met Mr. O'Keefe I could hardly have met Mr. Ferrie... Who? Pffft! Absolute nonsense. The Quarter is filled with vivid imaginations, my dear Mr. Garrison - grimy young hoodlums who'll say and do anything. As you well know. It adds a taste of elegance for which I must confess a weakness for now and then. I call him Smedley. His real name is Frankie Jenkins - but I could hardly imagine anything more uncouth during dinner than my turning toward the kitchen and hollering "Frankie!" .. Where is this leading to, Mr. Garrison? Not at all. But on the other hand, I do have a lovely Chippendale dining table and I often have a friend over sitting at one end while I sit at the other. That is precisely the point of a long dining table. The splendor of the meal adds to the enjoyment of it. No, I don't believe I know anyone by that name. No. No. Never heard of him. I wouldn't imagine where. I'm not sure I understand.Boo-Boo. The commission don't decide how I spend my honeymoon. We have a commission. If there's a dispute over territory, the commission decides. We're gonna be the winning side. It's like Rothstein said about that guy in Austria. We're gonna use Maranzano and Masseria. Let 'em knock each other bloody. And then, when everybody's screamin' for peace, we step in to make it. What they're fight in' over, everybody will beg us to take. Mr. Costello handles our business with the government agencies. A hundred-seven bucks too much. Any kid who drops an extra dime is gonna be talkin' to Moliari. Is there a fuckin' point comin' up anytime soon? What's your problem? Tommy Reina. We can get the war started tomorrow, but it won't be pretty. Tommy Reina's gone over to Maranzano, but so far Masseria ain't lifted a finger, It'll just be a few minutes. You're getting' 10 cc's It's not myself I'm worried about. Might as well put the time to use. I'm gettin' married in six weeks. I'll already be in Atlantic City which is probably the best place to do it anyway. So we end up with everybody but the two Bosses, at our meet. We ain't sayin' we're the leaders, but we're leadin'. And if we don't invite Maranzano, we can't invite Masseria. Guys don't wanna be choosin' sides. Italians, Jews, Irish. One big party. Course, some guys don't get along. We need to put together a meet for the whole country. We all got the same problems. We could talk. Meet the guys we don't know. Lift a few with the guys we do. I been thinkin'... We're going to Atlantic City for the honeymoon. Guess I'm not a single type guy. No. We ain't even... It's nothin'. I'm gettin' married. Without us, Masseria don't stand a chance, and he knows it. We'll figure out something. The minute we sell out to Maranzano, that bastard is gonna have you knocked off. Bugsy, you and I don't need to be in business with Maranzano. We got more jobs than we can handle. That's not the problem. A million bucks. In the last six months. Lansky. Meyer Lansky. And that's Bugsy Siegel ya got there. We're gonna change it, Bugs. Once we get rid of the Dons, the Commission's gonna rule. No more wars. No more vendettas. No more Boss of All the Bosses. Masseria won't have any choice but to trust you. And as long as we keep the Boss alive, Maranzano can't win without you. Maranzano will think Masseria ordered the hit, and won't have no choice but to start the war. We got exactly two choices, Maranzano or Masseria. Ben-jamin. Come off it, Bugs. Yeah. So who the fuck does?Minimum security. You'll have everything but broads. If it wasn't important for everybody, we wouldn't ask. We got friends in Philly. They can send you up for a couple months on a weapons charge. We're asking you to go to prison. When the people get so upset, our politician friends gotta listen. You've got the public upset, Al. Poor, yeah. Tell me about it. Got the same problem with my pop -- garlic. Nothin' you can do. Charlie Luciano. Maybe that's why I'm the Boss. Why should you be payin' me when we're all equals? No, Al. Whatever we say. We're all Bosses here. We don' need another. Maybe you better hear what I got to say first. That ain't exactly been the lucky spot lately. Who hired the bastard? Tommy Reina's hauntin' his dreams. But he'll do his job. Masseria's tryin' ta find a way around ya. But his patience won't hold out much longer. You got men on Profaci's place? Get word to Maranzano. I want a meet. Alone. On neutral turf. Bastard didn't even show. Which is why he doesn't need us. It'll all be over tomorrow. No more wars. No more killin'. Just livin' normal like everybody else. You'll be stuck with me for good. I'm doin' business here! It always is. A lot of shit came out of me in the hospital. I'm sorry you got hit by it. Oh, God. Don't start actin' like a fuckin' wife on me. If I look weak now, it's over. London? Gives us something in common. Ya never tell a guy about a broad. Guess I'm too confused to think. Have you thought about this? You got something to hide? Why do you bother with perfume when you smell like this? Same here. Something came up. Luciano. For what? Come on. It's Christmas. At least stay for breakfast. What's the matter? You here with Bobby? For being a bootlegger? I can just imagine. And maybe that's why he ended up dead in the streets of Rome. I don't care what anybody calls me, Joe. Long as it ain't to dirty. And if you fellas get together every year and say, "Charlie, we still want you to run things for us", I ain't gonna insult ya by sayin' no. We'll make 'em, and we'll enforce 'em. All of us. Together. We all get one vote. Includin' me. As long as ya got one top Boss, somebody else's always gonna be looking to knock him off. And that's war on top of war. I do this for you, and you'll leave me and my guys alone. Be the fuckin' Boss of all the other Bosses, but we are gonna be our own Bosses. Seein' he loved the experience so much, I think we outta give him the pleasure again. It's just that Maranzano's the only bastard I ever heard brag about gettin' audited by the IRS. He came out clean, so he thinks his shit don't stink. Meyer, ain't anybody ever told you ya look more like a bookkeeper than a fuckin' mobster? Who? The fat man's scared. Scared of us, and scared without us. Same with Maranzano. We gotta get their minds back on each other. This fuckin' peace is killin' us. I NEED THE TWENTY! You bastards, I said twenty! I told you twenty! I'll do fine. After all this time I'd think you'd know me better, Meyer. Your honeymoon, Meyer? How soon can we pull this off? I'll handle the Boss. Like Don Maranzano. Like a party for all our friends. Good. 'Cause every time you start thinkin', we end up makin' money. I'll talk to Nucky. Get you set up like the fuckin' Prince of Wales. Whatta ya mean? It's great! Well, good. Woman like that you don't have to keep an eye on. Married? To Anna? You ain't got her in trouble? Meyer. At least Masseria plays by the rules. Maranzano thinks he's God, and the rules don't apply. I'm supposed to be at my old man's for Christmas dinner at eight. So what is the problem? Meyer just finished the books. You fellas got names? So? I'll get Bugs ta do it. One move pardner, and you're a dead man. Couple hands. No harm in it. Sure. But ya got a deck a cards? I wanna play some Klob. Not stupid. Fat. When ya got all that blood workin' in your belly, it ain't upstairs where it needs to be. Ya did good. I ain't seen the Boss so happy in weeks. Lobster Fra Diavolo. Spaghetti with red clam sauce. Antipasto. And pastry that'll make you wanna go home and slap your sweet mama. We gotta talk in private. I got a friend in Coney Island who's gonna open his restaurant just for us. Every successor will owe his loyalty to us. Together we take out Maranzano, and each family gets a piece of his operation. Not if they all die at once. They're friends of our enemy. Joe Profaci. Carlo Gambino. Vinnie Mangano. Joe Bananas. They all gotta die. Why should I go against you, Boss? Nobody can handle this business like you. Maranzano'll never know the crap that you forget. He's got no business bein' Boss. The idea makes me wanna puke. You're the Boss, an it's gonna stay that way. You got no fuckin' choice. You might be able to stay alive, but you're never gonna win the war from these fuckin' rat holes. So tell me when I ain't done it. If I wanted ta kill ya, I woulda done it long ago. It's not like you ain't given me reason. You gotta plan these things. Didn't know you felt that way. That little party's gonna make you a lotta money. Boss, I got all the time you need. Where we headed? So he can talk to all the families behind your back? Maybe have his own meet at 3:00 AM under the goddamn boardwalk? No. You're too smart for a sucker play. You know that if you come, we gotta invite Maranzano. He'll know you were smart enough to stay away, Boss. He's trying to make it. Calculated risks. But Boss, this one don't calculate. Never threaten me, Boss. I know. When the storm hits, it don't pay to be caught outside. You tryin' ta tell me something? I don't come to a meet with a weapon unless it's with an enemy. What's with the banquet? This is supposed to be a private meet. Whatta ya mean, Boss? If ever I need a Boss, Joe. Forget it. That's past. Boss, we got our own tradition. We call it treatin' your friends right, and not bein' a pig for every scrap of glory. Tell it to the Calabrian. Tell it to the Jews. What makes you think I give a damn about that Sicilian crap? The guy doin' the job names the price. If you don't like it, you can kill Masseria yourself. Keep my terms and I won't be your enemy. You and me both. Sal-va-to-re. They do what I tell 'em. You're fuckin' crazy. You're all fuckin' crazy! I don't fuck my partners. I'll take care of the Boss. That's why I'm here. I found that out. And the Jews? I got partners. What about the share. Sittin' around gives me the piles. You got a proposition? He's the Boss of all the Bosses, and I respect him. An' Masseria's got seven hundred. I've got friends. Don, you talk about honor, but you mean vendetta. Killin' an' more killin' until nobody can remember how it all started. The name's Charlie. Don, I'd be honored. Not a lot ta know. Good liquor draws a good crowd. Don Maranzano. Welcome. And what do you want out of this? That's just what I'm sick of. Everybody lookin' ta knock somebody off! Greedy for what you got. A bunch of fuckin' hogs at the trough. Talk English. Okay? I did lousy at school. Okay. I'm listening. We can operate around these guys. We were overdue to get hit. Masseria's been after me too. I turned him down flat. Because the world ain't big enough for the Dons. So we gotta choose between our friends and ourselves. It ain't the way I'd make the world, but that's the way it is. Guess I'm just lucky. Yeah. But he needs me alive. If it comes to that. Yeah. Masseria's scared. He might make our deal. You wouldn't live out the week. Johnson's still on board. Even Maranzano won't screw with Nucky in Atlantic City. But everywhere else, we got nothing but problems. Forget it. Jesus. Come on. Be polite. There won't be any way to stay out of it. Those fucks can't leave each other alone. Maranzano and Masseria ain't gonna be satisfied until one of 'em starts a war. Spare us. Shuddup.You can't kill me. You gave your word, Charlie. Come on, Charlie. We got business. Shit. When I was comin' up, bein' fat meant ya had somethin' ta eat. Guy looked like you, people felt sorry for 'em. Right, Gerardo? The kid just called me stupid. Look at this boy. He hardly eats. Like that fella killed Caesar. But that's an hour's drive. A mother-fuckin' peace conference. Take one of 'em out, and they'll all line up against us. You can't fuck with them. They're heads of families! What are ya thinkin'? Tell me, Charlie. Please. How can I trust you when you look at me like that? I'm still the Boss of All the Bosses! And you'll do what I say! And I got it all planned. You and Vito are gonna pull that payroll job. Right now. MONEY DON'T MEAN SHIT! And what went on your little party in Atlantic City. I got ears. I know about you. Wassa matter, Mr. Big Shot. Don't have time for my business no more? So fuck him. I don't care anymore. Let him come. What the fuck does that mean? He'll think something's wrong I ain't there. Tommy tells me that Capone's coming in from Chicago. This business is about taking risks. I got a place for you. In my family... or in the cemetery. You're a smart boy, Charlie, but there's somethin' you ain't learned yet. A man needs a family. See if these two are my friends. You boys carryin' pieces? It's only us and Sonny. Hey, Sonny. Come on out. I'm glad ya come. Ya piss like a man. I like that. Yeah. Yeah. I bet ya feed Maranzano that same line.That's the question - Pity they're retiring us just as I was starting to understand you, Spock... Thank you, nurse. Jim, she's ready! Lock and load! Spock, that was actually funny. Bet you wish you'd stood in bed... Fascinating... I'm going to perform surgery on a torpedo - you never know... I believe the operation is over. I'm going too. They may need a doctor. And the good news is they're not going to prosecute. ABSOLUTELY NOT! Damned clever if you ask me... ARE YOU CRAZY? If they're even looking for us... That cunning little Vulcan... Jim, leave me - I'm finished... What kind of creature is this? Last night you two were spooning - More than ever. What is it with you, anyway? Well, if you've got any bright ideas, now's the time to - Well, don't be too hard on yourself - we all felt exactly the same - Specifically of...? Are we playing multiple choice? That was the general idea I intended to convey. - Kobayashi Maru ... Speak for yourself. One day... one night... Three months till retirement. What a way to finish. Suppose HE'S holding a grudge? Figures. What's the Brotherhood of Aliens? Chancellor Gorkon, can you hear me? Chancellor...? Jim, I don't even know his anatomy. Sweet Jesus...! He's lost a lot of whatever this stuff is... What the Hell's going on? Uh, Jim... They don't arrest people for having feelings. Too bad we can't SMELL her. This is fun... Now there's a poser. Starfleet's killed an awful lot of natural phenomena in the name of "exploration"... And perhaps with a large step or two. Like a peace treaty. I tried to save him! I was desperate to save him! He was the last best hope in the universe for real peace. I was nervous - I didn't have the knowledge of Klingon anatomy I needed. Barely. Retire. For 27 years I have been Ship's Surgeon and later Chief Medical Officer aboard the USS Enterprise. In three months I'm due to stand down. Aside from a touch of arthritis, I'd say pretty good. Then let me help! Are you carrying a surgeon? I don't wonder. Stop me if I'm wrong but do we really have any way of knowing if this is the real you? That's a comfort... What are you in for, if you don't mind me asking? I don't believe we can get more out of the way than this.The Chancellor herself will testify that the defendant's hands shook. You were incompetent! - whether deliberately or as a result of age combined with drink this court will determine. You say you are due for retirement. May I ask: do your hands shake? Have you saved patients as "barely" alive as he was? Was Chancellor Gorkon alive when you first examined him? Ah. I believe you also consumed Romulan ale at the officers' mess on the night of question, Doctor? Stand...? Doctor McCoy, what is your current medical status? We were until your torpedoes! Your honors, the State rests. So if it should prove members of your crew did in fact carry out such an assassination - ? Captain Kirk, are you aware that under Federation law, the Captain of a Starship is considered responsible for the actions of his men? You deny that your men beamed aboard KRONOS One and shot the Chancellor? You deny Enterprise fired on KRONOS One? And you were obeying or disobeying orders the night you arranged the assassination of Chancellor Gorkon? For insubordination. You were demoted... Louder, please. We cannot hear you. Spoken by you? Are those your words? That, either as an instrument of Federation policy or acting on your own drunken initiative, you and your fellow conspirators crippled KRONOS One and cold-bloodedly assassinated the Chancellor of the High Council. Then you and Doctor McCoy went aboard to make certain the job was complete. And now we come to the architect of this tragic affair, Captain James Tiberius Kirk. I put it to you, Captain, that you were seeking revenge for the death of your son. And what did they tell you? Did you have occasion to refer to your ship's data banks during that night? And you still maintain your ship did not fire on Kronos One? Would you have known if she had? Come now, Captain. The record clearly there were no other ships in the sector. Isn't it a fact that you served Romulan ale, a beverage illegal in the Federation because of its overwhelming potency? Take them away. Under article 184 of Interstellar Law, I place you both under arrest. You are charged with assassinating the Chancellor of the High Council. How can I trust -- You crippled our gravitational field with a direst torpedo hit, and two Starfleet crewmen beamed aboard in magnetic boots and did this! WE HAVE WITNESSES! You feign ignorance? "To be or not to be, that is the question" which preoccupies our people, Captain Kirk. We need BREATHING room... Very much. I've always wanted to meet you, Captain.To be - Time we got underway ourselves, gentlemen. Once again, we've saved civilization as we know it. Come on... Killed trying to escape - it's a classic... She didn't need our help getting anywhere... where did she get these convenient clothes? And don't tell me that flare is standard prison issue... Spock's looking for us... Once we're beyond the shield they should be able to pick it up two sectors away. It's the viridium patch Spock slapped on my back right before we went aboard Gorkon's ship. No way. You see this? Don't remind me. Still think we're finished? Uh uh. Somebody felt much worse. And I'm starting to understand why. No more neutral zone. I was USED to hating Klingons... that's why I failed in our assignment. It never even occurred to me to take Gorkon at his word. Spock was right. Some people ARE afraid of the future; of what MIGHT happen; I was frightened, really frightened. I didn't mean this future. Bones, are you afraid of the future? We're not finished. Bones, why don't you see what you can do? Let them know we're not holding a grudge. We've been set up all along. Thanks... No! Can you - ? I wish I knew. Uhura? You heard the order, Lieutenant. As Captain I am responsible for the conduct of the crew under my command. I am. I cannot confirm or deny actions which I did not witness. Well, I - I have on occasion disobeyed orders. Yes. Those words WERE spoken by me. Yes... Yes. That isn't true...! That we fired two photon torpedoes. But - I checked the data banks, yes. There... were no other ships in the sector. The drink WAS served... What? He just tried to save him! He's a DOCTOR! WHAT HAPPENED? My God, what happened here? I beg your pardon? Would you care to go topside? I'm not sure how to take that. Second star to the right - and straight on till morning... Mr. Chekov, slow down. Take us forward, thrusters only, one quarter impulse power. Mr. Chekov, take us forward, thrusters only, one half impulse power... Shields. Battle stations. Then all we've got is a neutron radiation surge - and by the time we're close enough to record it, we're ashes... She's here - somewhere. She's only a cog in the wheel - no way she knows that. Who else? First rule of assassination: always kill the assassins. Torpedo bay! DID we fire those torpedoes? Uhura, monitor! I know what you mean... Full diplomatic courtesy, Mr. Chekov... Captain Sulu... on assignment... anyone seen Spock? We must do this again soon. Starfleet's been charting and cataloging planetary atmospheres. All vessels are equipped with chemical analytic sensors... Chancellor, may I present Commander Spock, whom I believe you know, Dr. Leonard McCoy, chief medical officer, Montgomery Scott, chief engineer... We'll make arrangements to have you beamed aboard at 1930 hours. Uh, would you and your party care to dine this evening aboard Enterprise with my officers as guests of the United Federation of Planets? Chancellor. We've been ordered to escort you through Federation space to your meeting place on Earth. Not me, idiot - HIM! What took you so long? Isn't it about time you became something else? Your friends are late... An accident wasn't good enough... I've heard of chameloids - "Shapeshifters" - I thought you were mythical. Candidate for what? Possibly. Where do we come in? Except us. There's gotta be a way out of this place... Anything else you want to tell me? How much time's left of your sentence? We didn't kill Gorkon. How did you know...? Fraid not. It wouldn't fit him, anyway. He's got it. WHO ELSE...? Stand DOWN, Mr. Scott. All stop. That's an order. Stand down your weapons. Energize... You hear that? Starfleet will be around long enough for me to convene a Court Martial on this ship, Lieutenant. Win, lose or draw it will be on your record. Who is "US?" Uhura, signal our surrender. Mr. Chekov, anything unusual? Saavik, you know anything about a neutron energy surge? I hope you're happy. Uhura, hailing frequencies. Right standard rudder, bring us alongside... Only don't try putting words in my mouth. You piloted well out of spacedock, Lieutenant - Right - Come on, Saavik, you COULD knock - I'm still in the chair, Lieutenant. Plot a course for Kronos, Lieutenant. Thank you. Lieutenant, one quarter impulse power... As you were. Lieutenant...? Thank you, Captain Sulu. When does this conference start? I'm telling you. Hang on. How many of those things are there? Come on, Lieutenant, you're charged with murder... I'm afraid we may need more than that. There's a Bird of Prey on the lookout for us. And she can fire while she's cloaked. Bless you, Sulu. Where's the peace conference? They're going to attempt another assassination. You understand that by even talking to us, you're violating regulations, Captain. Sulu! The only way to find out if a man's trustworthy... Gorkon thought the undiscovered country might mean something else - another kin of life. People can be very frightened of change. I know I was. But we haven't run out of history just yet. Your father quoted Hamlet: he called the future - "the undiscovered country"... What's she waiting for? Make ourselves a target? Close enough to beam down? Spock, you want to know something? Not for the actions of another. No one is responsible for any actions but his own. Human beings - Someone said the difference between comic and cosmic is the letter "S." You haven't outlived your usefulness - to me. And you are not responsible just because she is also Vulcan - Gorkon had to die before I understood how prejudiced I was... You couldn't have known she was listening the night I dictated that entry into my log. You were proud of her achievements as a Vulcan. I was blind. I couldn't see past the death of my son. I couldn't trust. The night is young. Anyway, it was logical. You know, you're a great one for logic. I'm a great one for rushing in where angels fear to tread. We're both extremists. Reality is probably somewhere in between us. Are you dining on worms? Why would they give them to us? What peace conference? So, that's it.. He was just about to explain the whole damn - I'M going. You are going to be responsible for getting me out of this. Meantime we're not going to be the instigators of a full-scale war on the eve of universal peace. We HAVEN'T fired - What the - From Enterprise? Where? Spock, I'm really tired... What is it? I'm going to sleep it off. Let me know if there's some other way we can screw up tonight. Far be it for me to dispute my first officer. Starfleet has always - Never been this close. Congratulations, Lieutenant. That must make you very proud... LET THEM DIE. DON'T TRUST THEM. DON'T BELIEVE THEM - I know your father's the Vulcan Ambassador for heaven's sake, but you know how I feel about this: they're animals. How could you vouch for me? That's... ... arrogant presumption - WE volunteered? You have personally - Me? Not from a distance. She won't show up on ANY type of scan. Uhura? Who else? I'm going aboard. Spock, you have the conn. WE SURRENDER. This is the Starship Enterprise, Captain James Kirk commanding. Control, this is Enterprise requesting permission to depart.This is incredible - Aye, sir. Captain, if -- Maybe if their particles just got a wee bit mixed... Aye, aye, sir. - could take weeks, sir. They you're talking about a dreadful new engine of destruction, Mr. Spock. A Bird of Prey canna fire when she's cloaked! If another ship had been beneath us the Klingons would've seen her! Not from us! They dinna fire on themselves. And there were no other ships present. Twenty-four hours from now we won't have a clue where the Captain is. They don't place the same value on life that we do, Spock - you know that... take my word: she didn't shed one bloody tear... And if they're still in place? That could take hours! You can check the torpedoes visually, if you like - A computer canna lie, sir. It's as I said, Mr. Spock: Inventory still registers every torpedo. NO WAY! At least we must keep track of where they are taken, sir. I -Or not to be - We WERE beginning to hit our stride together, doctor... Calm yourself, doctor, the operation is almost complete... We DO sleep lying down. Vulcans sleep lying down... You may need assistance, doctor... The charge is murder. Good luck, Captain. You must have cursed yourself, for having programmed our data banks, Lieutenant. Only they revealed something wrong aboard Enterprise. Quite right, Mr. Chekov. What is now required is a feat of linguistic legerdemain - and a degree of intrepidity. Before the Captain and Doctor McCoy freeze to death. Now we expand our search to include uniforms. This is the first evidence that corroborates our theory. Klingon blood. You tell them, Lieutenant. You're forgetting something. the data banks say WE fired. If we did, the killers are here; if we didn't, whoever altered the data banks is here. Either way, what we're searching for is here... They're preparing to fire. ... is to trust him. I always assumed Hamlet meant death. Probably trying to figure out why we're reversing, wondering if we detect her. Captain, perhaps we're going about this the wrong way; our job is to get to the conference; HER job will be to stop us. Not yet... Section 4236... But I am not human. I am only - I SHOULD have been - Can we two have grown so old and inflexible that we have outlived our usefulness? Would that constitute a joke? I was PREJUDUCED by those achievements. I too was blind. I knew about HER - and I did nothing. I trusted too much. You were right: it was arrogant presumption that got us into this situation. You might have died. The Commander is an old friend of yours. I've been dead before. Uhura, raise Excelsior. She ought to have the co-ordinates. Azetbur has agreed to meet the Federation at a undisclosed location to continue her father's work... the conspirators obviously intend to try again... The peace conference. The Klingons have a new weapon: a Bird of Prey that can fire while cloaked. She torpedoed Gorkon's ship. Captain... Perhaps you're right. I am responsible for involving you in this. I will go. According to the data bank, we HAVE - twice... We've fired on the Chancellor's ship - Curiously it appears to emanate from us. We are reading an enormous amount of neutron radiation. I am uncertain. I don't believe our own conduct will distinguish us in the annals of diplomacy... I believe the Captain feels that Starfleet's mission has always been one of peace - The Chancellor is undoubtedly awaiting our signal. Lieutenant, I am pleased to see you. The Lieutenant is the first Vulcan to be graduated at the top of her class as the Academy. They're dying. Jim, there is an historic opportunity here - I was asked by my father to open neg- There's an old Vulcan proverb: only Nixon could go to China. I have personally vouched for you in this matter, Captain. We have volunteered to rendezvous with the Klingon ship that's bringing Chancellor Gorkon here, and escort him safely through Federation space. Perhaps neither of us was hearing very well that night, Lieutenant. There were things I tried to tell you too - about having faith. But it was when you tried to persuade me the Captain was guilty that I should have understood. I believe you. Please... If you are logical. An error. I'm having the garbage searched. If my surmise is correct these boots will cling to the killers' necks like Tiberian bats. They couldn't make their escape without them; nor can they simply throw them out a window for all to see; no - they're here. Somewhere. Even logic must give way to physics. Gravity hadn't been restored by the time they escaped. Without their boots they would not have stayed on the Klingon transporter pads. Any progress? An omission. After that - Very well. For twenty-four hours we'll agree that this conversation did not take place. Curious. You haven't been assisting Commander Uhura with her radio transmissions, have you, Lt? Any reply from Starfleet to our dispatch, Lieutenant. Her own father...? In the meantime we must endeavor to piece together what happened here tonight. According to our data banks, this ship fired those torpedoes. What do you suggest, Lieutenant? Opening fire won't retrieve the Captain; and an armed engagement was precisely what he wished to avoid. That the universe will unfold as it should. You must have faith. I am not certain such speculations are included among your duties, Lieutenant. You have done well, Saavik. As your sponsor at the Academy I have followed your career with... satisfaction. And as a Vulcan. They're outside the beaming shield. Mr. Scott, start your engines. Thank you, Mr. Scott. We were to return to spacedock, the killers would surely manage to dispose of their incriminating footwear. I believe I am. This one can. Would they? Too far off. Very near us. Perhaps... underneath us... There was an enormous neutron energy surge. I know precisely where he'll be. That's hardly conclusive, Mr. Scott, as Klingons have no tear ducts. Then someone forged a data bank entry. Nevertheless. We'll have to check every one of them, Mr. Scott. I think not. Yet the data banks insist we fired: twice. One computer is lying. Mr. Scott, you forget yourself. Please accompany me. I've already addressed that question, Mr. Scott. We'll e able to follow the Captain's movements. But you didn't join a conspiracy. Under impulse power she expends fuel like any other ship. We call it "Plasma" - I do not know the Klingon name for it, but by any name it is merely ionized gas. I don't think Starfleet could have envisioned our current predicament. At present, he's surrounded by a magnetic shield. If my calculations are correct, he should be deep into his escape planning by this time. Mr. Scott, any progress on repairing our warp drive? I want this ship searched from bow to stern. Lieutenant Saavik, you are in charge. Start with the transporter room and work your way outwards... And they'd be right. We have no evidence - just a theory that happens to fit the facts... It means that if we cannot have fired those torpedoes then someone else did. An ancestor of mine maintained that if you eliminate the impossible whatever remains - however improbable - must be the truth. He's placing himself in a most awkward position... I assume command of this ship as of 0130 hours. Uhura, send to Starfleet HQ. Explain precisely what has taken place, and request instructions. They're naturally wary, ma'am. We've been at war a long time.How do you know I took it? How do you know they didn't just give it to me? Now that you mention it, they might have been a little bit jumpy. You might say we had a meeting of the minds, yes. Umm, yes. She was driving. Alright! She did good! Didn't she? Aw, God. Who's the nut? You're a little angle, you are. I may be the outlaw, but you're the one stealin' my heart. I've always believed if done right, armed robbery doesn't have to be a totally unpleasant experience. Well, first you pick your place, see, then I'd just sit back and watch it for awhile. Ya gotta wait for just the right moment, which is something you know instinctively, that can't be taught. Then I'd waltz on in... Naw, honey, that would be burglary. I never got arrested for burglary. Burglary's for chicken shits. If you're gonna rob someone, ya just have to go right on up to 'em and do it. Just take the money. That's robbery. That's a whole 'nother deal. Well, I was just down on my luck and it seemed like somethin' I was good at so I... Well, I robbed a gas station once, and I robbed a couple of liquor stores, and some convenience stores. And that's it. Nope. I've never robbed a bank. I'm a robber. Well, not anymore, Thelma, except for bustin' parole, I haven't done one wrong thing. I'm just some guy. A guy whose parole officer is probably having a shit fit right about now. I am the great and powerful Oz... That's lonely for you, I guess. I always think of motel rooms as lonely. Oh. I... where's Louise? That sounds nice. I don't know. Nowhere. What are you doin'? Well, I guess I'd better... Thelma? It's me. Yup. Thanks for the ride. You all take care. Well, if you don't mind me sayin' so, he sounds like a real asshole. Did you get married real young? So how come you don't have any kids? Human nature. I'm majoring in behavioral science.Oh, great. It's him. I know! I'd tell you if I knew! Goddamn! I know something happened, or she wouldn't have left. I'm trying to remember everything! Find that fucking kid. He probably knows something. Just some young guy. Around twenty years old. Dark hair. I swear to God, she wouldn't tell me one thing! Christ! You oughta try to find that kid that was with 'em. I always knew that. Well, come on, gal, I got you a room. You can go on in and take a nice cold shower. Who's your friend? Ask me no questions, I'll tell you no lies. I'm choking on it. Don't worry darlin'. I'll say I never found you. I'll say anything you want. We'll find a way to get you out of this, whatever it is. Are you just doin' this to punish me? I'm the one... I never made it work. I just... It's not that I don't love you. It's not that. I just never thought I'd be thirty-six years old and I never thought... I don't know what I thought. What do you want, darlin'. What do you want me to do. 'Cause, Louise. I don't want to lose you. And for some reason I get the feelin' you're about to split. Permanently. So whaddya think. I mean... I could... uh... get a job. Of some kind. I mean you've been tellin' me that for years, right? You didn't see that one comin', did ya? Will you at least see how it fits? Can I just ask you one other thing? Alright, alright. I'm sorry. Then what?! What, goddamnit, Louise! Where the fuck are you going? Are you just leaving for fucking ever? What, did you fuckin' murder somebody or what?! Does it have something to do with another guy? Are you in love with him? Okay, peaches, okay. But can I ask you one thing? Okay, okay, just tell me what's the trouble. Now, my little coconut, what seems to be the trouble here? Tell Daddy everything. Who is it? Can we get another room? Just put it on my credit card. Hey, peaches. That's the code word. I miss you, peaches. Peaches. It's a place called Shaw's Siesta Motel. The address is 1921 North East 23. It's under your name. No, honey. I told him I was buyin' a car. What is it for? Friend of mine, owns a club. Dickie Randall. You'd know him if you saw him. His brother was in your class. Terry. I got it. I was afraid I'd missed you. I almost couldn't get a check cashed. It's Saturday. I know. Call me back. Louise, I love you, okay? Call me back. No, for that much money I have to tell them exactly which office. I know, I've had to have money wired to me on the road. And there has to be a code word or they won't give it to you. I'll have to tell you the code. Louise, let me call you back after I wire it, so you'll know which office to go to. You're in Oklahoma?! Christ, sure... yes! Of course. Of course! Where? Can't I bring it to you? For God's sake, baby, please, just tell me what's happened, what could possibly be so bad? What the fuck is going on? Where'd y'all go? Louise, just tell me what the hell is going on here! I come back, nobody knows where you are. Is Thelma with you? Darryl's been callin' here every half-hour sayin' he's gonna kill you both when you get back, he's goin' nuts. I don't envy her if she is. Are you in town? This sounds long distance. Louise, honey... Where are you? You sound funny. Louise! Where are you? Are you alright? Honey...I'll bet. Jesus  "The grand productive days." What a goddamn phony. Hah! I want to know! I want to know how many of Bill's books you wrote! What do you mean so to speak?! Audrey, how long have you been his... secretary? Before Bill came to Hollywood. You wrote Bill's scripts! Jesus Christ, you wrote his  what about before that? You wrote his scripts for him? What are they like? What are they about? No, but the whole goddamn  Audrey? Have you ever had to read any of Bill's wrestling scenarios? Well I have to come up with  an outline, I'd guess you call it. The story. The whole goddamn story. Soup to nuts. Three acts. The whole goddamn- Yes. Thank you. How's Bill? Audrey, thank you for coming. Thank you. I'm sorry to be such a... such a... Thank you. If you could, I'd  Barton. I'm sorry, it's Barton Fink. Audrey, listen, I need help. I know it's late and I shouldn't be calling you like this  believe me I wouldn't have if I could see any other alternative, but I  I'm sorry - listen, how are you  I'm sorry. You doing okay? Pick it up... Pick it up. Pick it- What. What don't I understand? Okay, but that doesn't excuse his  ...Well that doesn't excuse his behavior. Really?... What?! He's a son of a bitch! That son of a bitch... Don't get me wrong, he's a fine writer. No, no  I see. Please, Barton. Perhaps you and I could get together at some point also. I'm sorry if that sounds abrupt. I just... I don't know anyone here in this town. Yes I am. I'm working on a wres  please call me Barton. How about you? Will you be alright? Is, uh... Is he okay? Garland, it's me. ...Who? ...Who is this? Could you come back later? It's just... too hot... My head is killing me. He... I'm trying to think... Nothing, really... He... He said he liked Jack Oakie pictures. Well that's what he said. Nothing, really. Said he was in the insurance business. ...No. I never saw him with anyone else. I... ...Once or twice. His name is Charlie Meadows. A week, eight, nine days  I  I've got respect for  for working guys, like you  No, I  I didn't mean to sound  Well as a matter of fact, I write for the pictures. I write. I need help, Audrey. I'm sorry, I just feel like I know I shouldn't ask, I just need some kind of help, I just, I have a deadline tomorrow- Are you all right? What's that? I don't know exactly. But I do know what you're doing with that drink. You're cutting yourself off from your gift, and from me and Audrey, and from your fellow man, and from everything your art is about. Look, maybe it's none of my business, but a man with your talent  don't you think your first obligation would be to your gift? Shouldn't you be doing whatever you have to do to work again? ...No, I've always found that writing comes from a great inner pain. Maybe it's a pain that comes from a realization that one must do something for one's fellow man  to help somehow to ease his suffering. Maybe it's a personal pain. At any rate, I don't believe good work is possible without it. Well... actually, no Bill... It's still a little early for me. Sir, I'm flattered that you even recognize my name. My God, I had no idea you were in Hollywood. W.P. Mayhew? The writer? Well what do I tell him? I can't write anything by tomorrow. I didn't say anything- I don't understand- But... I thought no one cared about this picture. You don't understand. He's in pain, because he can't write- He's a great writer  Well, I've talked to Bill Mayhew- I'm afraid I don't really understand that genre. maybe that's the prob- Well not much. Well, to tell you the truth, I'm having some trouble getting started Well I... Nothing. It's just a mosquito bite. Who? Okay. I'm just having trouble getting started. It's funny, I'm blocked up. I feel like I need some kind of indication of... what's expected  But Lipnik said he wanted to look at the script, see something by the end of the week. Then who should I talk to? I'm a writer. Ted Okum said you're producing this Wallace Beery picture I'm working on. I'm a writer. Ted O  ...Huh? No, I'm  I'm a writer, Mr. Geisler. Ted Okum said I should drop by morning to see you about the  Sound a little what? Yes... Isn't it? Have you read the Bible, Garland? Very important, Garland. I just thought you should know that. Whatever happens. Not big in the sense of large  although it's that too. I mean important. This may be the most IMPORTANT work I've done. It's about what I'm writing, Garland. It's really... I think it's really big. I'm fine, garland, but I have to talk with you. Yeah, I'm fine, Garland  I have to talk to you. I'm calling long distance. No, what did it say? ...I guess I'm sprouting off again. But I am certain of this, Garland: I'm capable of more good work. Maybe better work than I did in Choirs. It just doesn't seem to me that Los Angeles is the place to lead the life of mind. I don't know, Garland; my place is here right now. I feel I'm on the brink of success- To see pap. I'm not sure anymore. I guess I try to make a difference. To do what? I thought you were going to join us. Jesus, Garland, you left me alone with those people. But Charlie  why me? Why  I hear it's Mundt. Madman Mundt. You'll be back? It's more than I've got. Sure, Charlie. Yeah, but Charlie  ...I just don't know what... to do Charlie, I feel like I'm going crazy  like I'm losing my mind. I don't know what to do... I didn't do it, believe me. I'm sure of that, Charlie. I just... Charlie! I've got no one else here! You're the only person I know in Los Angeles... Jesus, Charlie, I... Jesus... You're leaving. ...Uh-huh... Where's Audrey? They GOTTA believe me, Charlie! They gotta have mercy! But I didn't do it  don't you believe me? I don't know! Maybe it was her... boyfriend. I passed out. I don't know. Won't the police be able to  Yeah. We gotta call the police  I don't know! I woke up, she was... God, you gotta believe me! I didn't do this, I did NOT do this You gotta believe me  I've gotta call the police  or you could call for me  ...Will you stay with me till they get here? Charlie, I'm in trouble  something horrible's happened  I've gotta call the police... Charlie, I'm in trouble. You've gotta help me. No... Can I come in? No... no... No!... I'm fine. Thank you. Don't pick up and leave without saying goodbye. Well, I guess you pick your poison. What do you mean? Well... I guess the heat's sweating off the wallpaper. I'm truly sorry to hear that, Charlie. I'll miss you. You're leaving? And there's hope for you too, Charlie. Tomorrow I bet you sell a half-dozen policies. Where there's life there's hope. Yeah, but  How did you know about that? Well, it's been better. I can't seem to get going on this thing. That one idea, the one that lets you get started  I still haven't gotten it. Maybe I only had one idea in me  my play. Maybe once that was done, I was done being a writer. Christ, I feel like a fraud, sitting here staring at this paper. Well it's... it's a defense mechanism. Well, my pleasure. I could use a little lift myself. Seems like nothing but, lately. Yeah, as a matter of fact they did. Come on in. Hi, Charlie. It's okay, it's okay. ...Yeah, okay. That's all right, really  Nope, never watched any. I'm not that interested in the act itself  ...Probably sounds a little grand coming from someone who's writing a wrestling picture for Wallace Beery. Yeah... ...This must be boring you. You know, in a way, I envy you Charlie. Your daily routine  you know what's expected. You know the drill. My job is to plumb the depths, so to speak, dredge something up from inside, something honest. There's no road map for that territory... Sure, that's tough, but in a sense, we're all alone in this world aren't we Charlie? I'm often surrounded by family and friends, but... My folks live in Brooklyn, with my uncle. No... I guess it's something about my work. I get so worked up over it, I don't know; I don't really have a lot of attention left over, so it would be a little unfair... Nope. No, I guess you're stuck with the one you've got. Have a seat. Seen a doctor? Yeah, come in Charlie. Hadn't really gotten started yet  what happened to your ear? Charlie. How are you. See you, Charlie. Sure, sure Charlie, you can help by just being yourself. Well, we've got something in common then. You're all right, Charlie. I'm glad you stopped by. I'm sorry if  well I know I sometimes run on. Frequently played, seldom remarked. Sure you could! And yet many writers do everything in their power to insulate themselves from the common man  from where they live, from where they trade, from where they fight and love and converse and  and  and... so naturally their work suffers, and regresses into empty formalism and  well, I'm spouting off again, but to put it in your language, the theater becomes as phony as a three dollar bill. Exactly, Charlie! You understand what I'm saying  a lot more than some of these literary types. Because you're a real man! Well, I don't mean to get up on my high horse, but why shouldn't we look at ourselves up there? Who cares about the Fifth Earl of Bastrop and Lady Higginbottom and  and  and who killed Nigel Grinch-Gibbons? And that's the point, that we all have stories. The hopes and dreams of the common man are as noble as those of any king. It's the stuff of life  why shouldn't it be the stuff of theater? Goddamnit, why should that be a hard pill to swallow? Don't call it new theater, Charlie; call it real theater. Call it our theater. ...I don't guess this means much to you. Yeah, I guess it is. But in a way, that's exactly the point. There's a few people in New York  hopefully our numbers are growing  who feel we have an opportunity now to forge something real out of everyday experience, create a theater for the masses that's based on a few simple truths  not on some shopworn abstractions about drama that doesn't hold true today, if they ever did... Well, that's a good question. Strange as it may seem, Charlie, I guess I write about people like you. The average working stiff. The common man. What do I write about? That's okay, Charlie. I'm a playwright. My shows've only played New York. Last one got a hell of a write-up in the Herald. I guess that's why they wanted me here. That's okay; actually I am just starting out in the movies  though I was pretty well established in New York, some renown there, No, I'm actually writing for the pictures now  Thanks, I'll keep it in mind. Doesn't surprise me at all. And what's your line, Mr. Meadows? Can be. Not easy, but  Well, I'm a writer, actually. That's okay, I assure you. It's just that I was trying to work  Okay... a quick one, sure... That's all right, really, thank you. I tried to show you something beautiful. Something about all of US  I'm sorry if I let you down. Yes sir. With all due respect, sir, I think it's the best work I've done. Yes sir, they  Congratulations. Mr. Lipnik. Mr. Lipnik, I really would feel much better if you could reconsider  No no, Mr. Breeze has actually been a great help  Mr. Lipnik, I  I  Mr. Lipnik  ...Can I be honest, Mr. Lipnik? And then... well... ...It's a tenement building. On the Lower East Side... Yeah... rye whiskey? ...Both maybe? ...Yes, thank you. To be honest, I don't go to the pictures much, Mr. Lipnik  Thanks, but I wanted a place that was less... I'm at the Earle. The others are being sent. What  Huh? Well, I'm going to be working here, mostly at night; I'm a writer. Do you have room service? I don't know... I mean, I'll be here, uh, indefinitely. Excuse me? Must be. I'm checking in. Barton Fink. Sex?! He's a MAN! We WRESTLED! Charlie... Charlie's back... What did... What did he  ...Yeah, he... he lives next door to me. Nine days  Tuesday  Yeah. Uh-huh.Because you DON'T LISTEN! ...Don't look at me like that, neighbor. It's just me  Charlie. Don't worry about that, compadre. I'll be back. Well, keep it for me. Maybe it'll bring you good luck. Yeah, it'll help you finish your script. You'll think about me... Funny, huh, when everything that's important to a guy, everything he wants to keep from a lifetime  when he can fit it into a little box like that. I guess... I guess it's kind of pathetic. Dammit, don't argue with me. You asked me to believe you  well I do. Now don't argue with me. You gotta get a grip on, brother. You gotta just carry on  just for a few days, till I get back. Try and stay here, keep your door locked. Don't talk to anyone. We just gotta keep our heads and we'll figure it out. It's okay... It's okay... Everything's okay, believe me. I know it's rough mentally, but everything's taken care of. Have to, old timer. Just for a while. She's dead, Barton! If that was her name. You're in pictures, Barton. Even if you got cleared eventually, this would ruin you. Jesus... They can tell that... I believe you  I KNOW you. But why should the police? Stop with the police! Wake up, friend! This does not look good! They hang people for this! What do you think happened? Hold on. I said hold on, so hold on. I believe you, brother, but this don't look good. Hold on. Stop. Take a deep breath. Tell me what happened. Hold on  Hold on  ...Jesus, Barton, what the hell is this? What're we gonna do? Don't worry about it, Barton. We can sort it- Get a grip on yourself, brother. Whatever the problem is, we'll sort it out. Why don't we go to your room- Barton. Are you all right? Are you sure  ...Can I come in? Course not, compadre. You'll see me again. So they say. This kind of heat. It's pathetic. Well it's pathetic, isn't it? I mean to a guy from New York. ...I guess it seems pathetic to a guy like you. What a dump... ...Your room does that too? Well hell, buddy, don't pull a long face! This is still home for me  I keep my room, and I'll be back sooner or later... In a few days. Out to your stompin' grounds as a matter of fact  New York City. Things have gotten all balled up at the Head Office. Thanks, brother. But the fact is, I gotta pull up stakes temporarily. ...Ah, you'll lick this picture business, believe me. You've got a head on your shoulders. What is it they say? Where there's a head, there's a hope? Seems like I hear everything that goes on in this dump. Pipes or somethin'. I'm just glad I don't have to ply MY trade in the wee-wee hours. Know about it? I can practically see how they're doin' it. Brother, I wish I had a piece of that. Those two love-birds next door drivin' you nuts? ...Listen to me belly-achin'. As if my problems amounted to a hill of beans. How goes the life of the mind? Defense against what? Insurance? Something they need? Something they should be thanking me for offering? A little peace of mind?... ...Did I say rude? People can be goddamn cruel. Especially some of their housewives. Okay, so I've got a weight problem. That's my cross to bear. I dunno... A little lift, yeah... Jesus, what a day. Felt like I couldn't've sold ice water in the Sahara. Jesus. Okay, so you don't want insurance, so okay, that's your loss. But God, people can be rude. Feel like I have to talk to a normal person like just to restore a little of my... Jesus, what a day I've had. Ever had one of those days? Because that would mean they gave you mine. I hope these are your shoes. Well, that's all that wrestling is. Except usually there's more grunting and squirming before the pin. Well, it's your first time. And you're out of your weight class. Ready... wrestle! ...All right now, when I say "Ready... wrestle!" you try and pin me, and I try and pin you. That's the whole game. Got it? Not a bit of it, compadre! Easiest thing in the world! You just get down on your knees to my left, slap your right hand here... ...You're a little out of your weight class, but just for purposes of demonstration  Okay, but hell, you should know what it is. I can show you in about thirty seconds. Beery! You got no beef there! He's good. Hell of an actor  though, for my money, you can't beat Jack Oakie. A stitch, Oakie. Funny stuff, funny stuff. But don't get me wrong  Beery, a wrestling picture, that could be a pip. Wrestled some myself back in school. I guess you know the basic moves. Not at all. It's damned interesting. ...It was taken by one of my policy holders. They're more than just customers to me, Barton. They really appreciate what I have to offer them. Ya see, her hubby was out of town at the time  ...What's the expression  me myself and I. Mine have passed on. It's just the three of us now... Yeah, the ladies do ask for attention. In my experience, they pretend to give it, but it's generally a smoke- screen for demanding it back  with interest. How about family, Bart? How're you fixed in that department? ...Got a sweetheart? I myself have yet to be lassoed. Thanks, I'd invite you over to my place, but it's a goddamn mess. You married, Bart? Ah, doctors. What's he gonna tell me? Can't trade my head in for a new one. Oh, yeah. An ear infection, chronic thing. Goes away for a while, but it always comes back. Gotta put cotton in it to staunch the flow of pus. Don't worry, it's not contagious. Jesus, I hope I'm not interrupting you again. I heard you walking around in here. Figured I'd drop by. Howdy, neighbor. ...And look, I'm sorry as hell about the interruption. Too much revelry late at night, you forget there are other people in the world. Well, I can tell you some stories  Hell no! Jesus, I'm the kind of guy, I'll let you know if I'm bored. I find it all pretty damned interesting. I'm the kind schmoe who's generally interested in the other guy's point of view. Yeah, I guess that's tragedy right there. And I could tell you some stories  I can feel my butt getting sore already. I can see you feel pretty strongly about it. Hell, I could tell you some stories Well ain't that a kick in the head! Caught me trying to be fancy! Yeah, that's it, Bart. Hell, why not? Everyone wants quality. What kind of venue, that is to say, thematically, uh... Oh, it's an exciting time then. I'm not the best-read mug on the planet, so I guess it's no surprise I didn't recognize your name. Jesus, I feel like a heel. ...Is the egg showing or what?! Pictures! Jesus! What kind of scribbler are you  newspaperman did you say? Hell yes. Because I believe in it. Fire, theft, and casualty are not things that only happen to other people  that's what I tell 'em. Writing doesn't work out, you might want to look into it. Providing for basic human need  a fella could do worse. ...In spite of what you might think from tonight, I'm pretty good at it. Hell no! Call me Charlie. Well Barton, you might say I sell peace of mind. Insurance is my game  door-to-door, human contact, still the only way to move merchandise. Damned difficult, I'd imagine. You don't say. That's a tough racket. My hat's off to anyone who can make a go of it. Damned interesting work, I'd imagine. What kind of work do you do, Barton, if you don't mind my asking? Yeah, just a nip. I feel like hell, all the carryings-on next door. ... You got a glass? It's the least I can do. All right, hell, you trying to work and me carrying on in there. Look, the liquor's good, wuddya say? Neighbor, I'd feel better about the damned inconvenience if you'd let me buy you a drink.All right, forget the heads. Where's Mundt, Fink? What else? So. You talked to Mundt, what about? Yeah, he's funny that way. Ever talk to him? How long you been up there, Fink? What DID you mean? Oh yeah? What kind of write? Why's it so goddamn hot out here? You two have some sick sex thing? Tell us where the heads are, maybe they'll go easy on you. Give you nose bleeds? You didn't tell us you knew the dame. I dunno, Duke. I kinda liked it. Ya see how he's not writing it down? Yeah, and he's Buck Rogers. Female caucasian, thirty years old. Nice tits. No head. You ever see Mundt with anyone meets that description? Anyway. Physician, heal thyself. All of which he's now missin'. Couple of days ago we see the same M.O. out in Los Feliz. He's a little funny in the head. His name is Mundt. Karl Mundt. You want my partner to kiss your ass? Got a couple questions to ask ya.Well, you just... sound a little Well, I'm just asking. You sound a little  ...Barton, is everything okay? ...That's fine. Well, I'm... glad to hear that  What do you mean, Barton? Go ahead, son. ...What is it Barton? Are you okay? Okay. Barton? What time is it? Are you all right? Take my copy. You're the toast of Broadway and you have the opportunity to redeem that for a little cash  strike that, a lot of cash. ...Look, they love you, kid  everybody does. You see Caven's review in the Herald? Okay Barton, you're the artist, I'm just the ten percenter. You decide what you want and I'll make it happen. I'm only asking that your decision be informed by a little realism  if I can use that word and Hollywood in the same breath. I'd say you're already enjoying some. Yes, generally, to see pap. However, point number two: A brief tenure in Hollywood could support you through the writing of any number of plays. Fair enough. No pressure here, Barton, because I respect you, but let me point out a couple of things. One, here you make a difference to five hundred fifty people a night  if the show sells out. Eighty five million people go to the pictures every week. What do you do far a living? We have to talk a little business. I've just been on the phone to Los Angeles. Barton, Capitol Pictures wants to put you under contract. They've offered you a thousand dollars a week. I think I can get them to go as high as two. Don't panic, I'll join you in a minute. What's you think of Richard and Poppy?Who said write? Jesus, Jack can't read. You gotta TELL it to him-tell him SOMEthing for Chrissake. Well he's taken an interest! That means he'll make your life hell, which I could care less about, but since I drew the short straw to supervise this turkey, he's gonna be all over me too! Fat-assed sonofabitch called me yesterday to ask how it's going  don't worry, I covered for you. Told him you were making progress and we were all very excited. I told him it was great, so now MY ass is on the line. He wants you to tell him all about it tomorrow. Are you deaf, he LIKES you! He's taken an interest! What the hell did you say to him? You thought! Where'd you get THAT from? You thought! I don't know what the hell you said to Lipnik, but the sonofabitch LIKES you! You understand that, Fink? He LIKES you! He's taken an interest. NEVER make Lipnik like you. NEVER! Souse! Souse! He manages to write his name on the back of his paycheck every week! A souse! Bill Mayhew! Some help! The guy's a souse! Understand shit! I though you were gonna consult another writer on this! What do you think this is? HAMLET? GONE WITH THE WIND? RUGGLES OF RED GAP? It's a goddamn B picture! Big men in tights! You know the drill! Getting STARTED! Christ Jesus! Started?! You mean you don't have ANYthing?! On the Beery picture! Where are we? Wuddya got? Like hell it is; there are no mosquitos in Los Angeles. Mosquitos breed in swamps  this is a desert town. Wuddya got for me? Wuddya got for me  what the hell happened to your face? ...Look, you're confused? You need guidance? Talk to another writer. Wallace Beery. Wrestling picture. What do you need, a road map? Sure he did. And he forgot about it before your ass left his sofa. Don't worry about it. It's just a B picture. I bring it in on budget, they'll book it without even screening it. Life is too short. What!? Ted Okum doesn't know shit. They've assigned me enough pictures for a goddamn year. What Ted Okum doesn't know you could almost squeeze into the Hollywood Bowl. Think about it, Fink. Writers come and go; we always need Indians. We need Indians for a Norman Steele western. Ever act?You're a sick fuck, Fink. No kidding, bright boy  we smelt Mundt all over this. Was he the idea man? Funny. As in, he likes to ventilate people with a shotgun and then cut their heads off. That's right, Fink, he lives next door to you. Is this multiple choice? Jesus! Ain't that a load off! You live in 605? L.A.P.D. ...Fred... He teach you to do it? Only fry you once. Sixth floor too high for you, Fink? Second one of your friends to end up dead. ...I thought you said you were a writer. Fink. That's a Jewish name, isn't it? Ya know, Fink, ordinarily we say anything you might remember could be helpful. But I'll be frank with you: That is not helpful. No reputable company would hire a guy like that. But, you know, with the head still on. Hollywood precinct finds another stiff yesterday. Not too far from here. This one's better looking than the doc. Good luck with no fuckin' head. Well, some of his throat was there. Doctor. Ear, nose and throat man,. Started in Kansas City. Couple of housewives. Also known as Madman Mundt. Yeah, and I'm Buck Rogers. Would that be good enough for ya? Big fuckin' deal. What do you do, Fink?I think.. I...I realized...I love you. How have you been? Then what do you want to stay with me for? Listen ! We both got something out of it, all right! All right... I'll pack my stuff tonight. I didn't know. I just said all I want is some time. No. ... I'd like to focus on my career - - now than I can, now that everything's all right... Parry's taken care of... and... Like I said, I feel like I know a lot more now and I don't... Right now, I'm just not sure about... making such definite plans. ... Listen, so much has happened and I think it would be a good thing for both of us if we slowed things down a little. No... it's just... No, I... I think we should talk about this. What? No, it's not... Come here... Ugh, these tapes are a mess. I don't know where to begin... Thanks. I've got to put these tapes in some kind of order... and... Oh, I should get my sports jacket cleaned... ... There's coffee if you want... He says if I want to get back to work, no problem. He wants me to come in and talk and... and... that's it ! My agent. I called my agent. You were great. Thanks alot. Nothing it's just...I begining to understand you. You know, I can't believe I did it. You think it'll work out? What do you think? Well..everything's closed up. We thought we'd get some dinner. Say!....Anybody up for Chinese? Have you eaten? Would you like to come along? Well talk back. He won't bite you. He just needs some clothes? And this is our other..uh...co-worker.. Parry..uh...Parry.... I thought... if... if I can help him in some way... you know?... get him this girl he loves... Then... maybe.... things'll start changing for me... My luck, ya know... Maybe... Forget it... It's a stupid idea. See, I told you! All right... Sorry... I feel indebted to him. I... You're not going to understand this. Lydia is the girl Parry likes... And I thought, if I could get them together I... He's not a moron. I was not with a woman last night. I was out with Parry. ... Forget it ... Goodbye ! What... No... Lydia... I want to speak to... her name is Lydia... I...uh... I don't know her last name... I'll be off in a second. Hello, I'd like to speak to Lydia? I wish there was some way I could... just... pay the fine and go home. I get this feeling like I'm... a magnet but I attract shit. Out of all the people in this city, why did I meet a man who's wife I killed? I tell you something, Anne. I really feel like I'm cursed. ... You have a little... uh... something on your face... You still believe in God? I'm not seeing anyone else. I really was attacked. I... I stayed at a friend's. Listen, I -- No, I'm fine... really... Two kids tried to set me on fire. I was attacked. I'm sorry. Yeah, well... suicidal paranoiacs say funny things sometimes. Because it makes me feel good to see how not funny it is and how America doesn't know the first thing about funny which makes it easier not being a famous funny TV celebrity because that would just mean that I'm not really talented. It's not funny. It's... sophomoric and mindless... and dumb. Anne, they're MY moods. If you want to understand moods, have one of your own! What if I was a relative? But..How could that happen? Yeah so? The guy's beat up - he...he probably has a concussion or something, right? He'll snap out of it? Parry? She gave you the old brusheroo, kiddo... Believe me -- this tart will never make it to your desert plate... Yeah, Edwin, sure ... and Pinnochio is a true story... Edwin! Wake up! This is a fairytale... Yeah, but does she swallow, Edwin? Yeah, I know the place. It's one of those chic yuppie gathering holes. So, Edwin, baby, this is Sunrise Confession time... what have you got for us? I'm... just looking for Parry... Tragedy? No... He is supposed to live there? Uh... basement I think... Remember. One chorus and out. Um...I've got to run. I've bee doing this all day. Are you going to be all right? Can you tell me something? Did you lose your mind all of a sudden or was it a slow gradual process? Come on...maybe we can...where do you want to go? Where? Maybe we can. Uh...Where...where do you want to go? No ... No please ...! Yes... I... I agree... I... I was just leaving. I used to think my biography would be JACK LUCAS - THE FACE BEHIND THE VOICE, but now it can be JACK LUCAS, THE FACE "AND" THE VOICE...or maybe just JACK - EXCLAMATION POINT... How un-sixties of you. I'll remember that the next time you get excited by drawing pubic hairs on raisin bran. Want some? ... First time in my life I'll be a voice with a body. Do you know what that means? What this could lead to? They're putting me on film tomorrow. You know, tomorrow's a very big day for me... It would be nice if you acted like you understood. About dinner as a concept or about dinner with... Raoul ? Can I ask that when you clean your hands you wipe the ink off the inside of the sink before it stains the stainless steel. Tonight! How's tonight? Well, since you're a member, we could... You know, Anne does other people too. Sort of a sideline... Yes. They're free. Uh... you... you can pick out up to ten movies... Well..um...you get an official membership card... Just sign that and we'll laminate it right here... Parry? You want to laminate Miss Sinclair's card?... Yes. Hi..Congratulations. Jack Lucas. Nice to meet you finally. This is Anne Napolitano, the owner of Video Spot. No! I told you ! You won a contest ! You get a VCR with the membership. ... For a short time until you get your own. Listen, why don't you come down to the store and you can check it out. See if you're interested. Well there.... What's the difference? A list. Your name was picked. All of them... Which means you have just won a free membership at our store on Second Avenue. Well, congratulations Lydia, because out of several thousand card holders... in conjunction with several major credit card companies... Yes well... You are a credit card holder, are you not? Hello Lydia? No... no... that's all right... I thought I knew her... Thanks... Lydia. Lydia what? Uh... she was wearing a kind of... a flouncy kind of... uh... plain... Could you help me-- what was the name of that girl who just came in... Yeah.....Hey they're moving.... Am I doing that? Parry, it's Lydia Sinclair - our membership winner. No. Nothing bad's going to happen. Anne'll be there. I'll be there. Nothing bad will happen. No. But that's not the only reason people get together or..stay together. In a bar called Hellfire. Will you stand still so I can do this! Parry ! Close your pants... Sure... Bad example. Just trust me. A woman who loves you keeps you going...gives you strength... Makes you feel like you can do anything... Well, see, I think she can help...You know women are great..they...they make homes and they..ya know, kill the livestock so the knights can go out and get Grails and...and slaughter villages with a clear head...I mean, where would Arthur be without Guinevere... Parry, you don't have to earn a woman. It's the twentieth century. What? YOU'RE OUT OF YOUR FUCKING MIND!! ..Ha...Little fella? I mean the man talks to invisible people - he sees invisible horses - and he's naked in the middle of Central Park. I should be surprised? I'm not surprised. I'm fucking outta my mind to even be here! NO! I will not! This is nuts! I'm leaving! I mean it...this is nuts. This is too nuts...I'm leaving. I mean it! You can't do this! This is New York! Nobody lies in naked in a field in New York..It's...it's too Midwestern. .....What are you doing? Yes. I think that's very fair. Don't you think it's time to go now? Running around here during the day is one thing but at night we could be killed by a wide variety of people. It's such a great song. Well, maybe he wants to stay here. Do...do you want to stay here? Listen, he just needs to sleep it off. Someone will take care of him. Parry... The Red...? You're totally gone, aren't you? SAW WHO!!? WHO! WHO'S RUNNING?!! WHO HAVE WE BEEN CHASING!?? CAN I ASK THIS QUESTION NOW!!! You're totally gone, aren't you? WILL YOU PLEASE... please listen to me ... You know none of this is true - PARRY the Grail, the voices... Jack... There's a part of you that Come on...what are knows this isn't true. saying... I know who you are... I know who you are.. or who you were. You're acting really- You don't belong on the No, no, no, no... streets. You're intelligent Jack... man....you're a teacher... Jacck!... You were a teach at Hunter College. Don't you remember?... I don't believe in little floating people! THERE IS NO MAGIC! I'm self-centered, I'm weak - I don't have the will power of a fly on shit... I'm not. Believe me. I'm scum. Will you shut-up!!! Please don't hug me in public again, O.K.? No. I think you're a moron and I don't want to get into trouble. I take it back - you're fucking deranged... And you're going to get yourself killed trying to get in there! Look, you're only sort of insane, really. People like you can lead semi-normal lives. You could get a job... All right! Listen - please...don't start drooling or...rolling your eyes when I tell you this but - You shouldn't do this..There is no Holy Grail. You can't just break into Langdon Carmichael's house. This man has done nothing. I don't know. But I gave it to you...to help YOU...not him. But I gave it to you! What are you doing? Give that back! No..I have to get back to work. Take care of yourself. That's O.K. Here's another twenty. Will that do? I mean, what's it going to take! Here...I just would like to help you. I thought...maybe...you could use some money. Why did you do that? What's her name? Do you follow her every day? Parry! I'm not married. Thanks... You can keep the doll. Parry... I'm Jack. Listen, forget the shoes. I'll just take a cab... Uh... I wish you all the luck in the world. When you get the Grail, I'm sure I'll be seeing lots of you on various talk shows... I think you're a very nice... very nice psychotic man. I really appreciate what you did for me. It was a very brave and noble thing... Listen... I don't mean to be flippant or to enrage you or anything but... you're an imbecile. And I'm not The One... I'm not any One... The Holy Grail? Some billionaire has the Holy Grail sitting in a commode on Madison Avenue? Him...? The Little... A quest? Uh... gee... well... you seem to be some kind of vigilante... Uhh... I'm drawing a blank. I'm not... Now, where are those shoes... I'm the one what? The Little People? What ?! Where -- ? Hi... Where are my shoes? No... thanks... Listen -- Where am I? If you're going to murder me, that's fine... just don't laugh. Have I died? This is it. I'm in hell. Damned to an eternity of idiotic conversation. I need a drink. Please don't hurt me?Yep! Right on it! Holdin' my penis... What a lovely way of sayin' how Much ya like me... Why this is outrageous!... I'm shocked. With a child bearing body like yours... ... why a man would have to be out of his mind! This food's delicious. You're a wonderful cook. And you have a lovely home. Got any more bread crust? It was a crime. Come on now...You can't sit here. It's O.K...It's O.K...Lets me help you up. Beautiful night huh? I know! I'm still scared. ...I feel so much for her...I feel like something awful is going to happen. What are the other reasons? Tch...how romantic. Yeah. If I wasn't already committed to Lydia, boy. Except Anne'd never go for me though. She loves you too much. And you really love her, huh? I'm sorry....I'm just so excited. You must have felt this way when you first met Anne, huh? Where did you two meet? Holdin' my penis... Is that what your girlfriend does for you? Happily married, probably. Maybe, when we get the Grail... I can't ask for her...I have to earn her. Then let's begin with the story itself. It's a story of the Grail myth...And although there are several variations, my favorite begins with the Fisher King as a young boy... who had to spend a night alone in the forest to prove his courage... and during that night, he is visited by a sacred vision. Out of the fire, appears the Holy Grail - God's highest symbol of divine grace. And a voice says to the boy, "You shall be the guardian of the Grail, that it may heal the hearts of men"...But the boy was overcome ...Innocent and foolish, he was blinded by greater visions - a life ahead filled with beauty and glory, hope and power...Tears filled his eyes as he sensed his own... invincibility. A boy's tears of naive wonder and inspiration. and in this state of...radical amazement...he felt for a brief moment, not like a boy, but like God... ...And so he reached into the fire to take the Grail. And the Grail vanished. And the boy hands were left caught in the flames...leaving him wounded and ashamed at what his recklessness had lost him. When he became King, he was determined to reclaim his destiny and find the Grail... But with each year that passed, with each campaign he fought, the Grail remained lost, and this wound he suffered in the fire grew worse... He became a bitter man. Life for him lost it's reason. With each disappointment, with each betrayal... with each loss ... this wound would grow... Soon the land began to spoil from neglect and his people starved...Until finally, the King lost all faith in God's existance and in man's value...He lost his ability to love or be loved And he was so sick with experience... that he started to die. As the years went on, his bravest knights would search for the Grail that would heal their King and make them the most respected and valued men in the land, but to no avail. Pretty soon, finding the Grail became a ruthless struggle between ambitious men vying for the King's power, which only confirmed the King's worst suspicions of man, causing his wound to grow. His only hope, he thought, was death. Then one day, a fool was brought in to the King to cheer him. He was a simple-minded man... not particularly skilled...or admired... He tells the King some jokes...sing him some songs, but the King feels even worse...Finally, the fool says, "What is it that hurts you so much? How can I help?"...And the King says, "I need a sip of water to cool my throat"...So, the fool takes a cup from the bedstand, fills it with water and hands it to the King...Suddenly, the King feels a lot better. And when he looks to his hands, he sees that it was the Holy Grail the fool handed him...an ordinary cup that had been beside his bed all along...And the King asks, "How can this be?...how could you find what all my knights and wisest men could not find"? And the fool answers, "I don't know. I only knew you were thirsty."... And for the first time since he was a boy, the King felt more than a man - not because he was touched by God's glory...but rather, by the compassion of a fool. Are there any questions? Bingo! Who are you talking to Jack? Come on, try it. Ya feel the air on your body - ya little fella's flappin' in the breeze. ...everybody in the city is busy with their business and no one knows we're bare assed in the middle of it. Come on! Have you ever done any cloudbusting? You lie on your back and you concentrate on the clouds...and you try yo break them apart with your mind. It's wild. Well that's stupid. This is my park just as much as it is theirs. You think it's fair they keep us out just because they make us think we'll get killed or something? It's a classic. Who? Buddy, the days of the debutantes are ... not what they used to be. The Red Knight! Isn't it great up here... He's gone now, but we had him on the run! We would've had his ass if we had horses! He's running scared! He knows who you are! He's afraid! I can tell! So what? You going to help me? That's why the Little People sent you. Just like magic. You're a real honest to goodness good guy. You're a true friend . I LOVE THIS MAN...YA HEAR ME JADED CITY... ...I'M DAFFY ABOUT THIS GUY AND I DON'T CARE WHO KNOWS IT!!! ...You are such a great guy. First the money, now this. Isn't he fabulous!? Tch. You are so sweet...Now I know why you're saying this. ...You're afraid I'm in danger and you're trying to protect me. I don't need a job. I have a quest. Of course there is, Jack. What do you think the Crusades were - a frat initiation? I don't think so...There has to be a Grail. O.K...let me explain this one more time...The Holly Grail is in -.... Pretty impressive huh?...Don't let it scare you. I'll admit it's formidable but everything has it's weakness. You really want to help me? Well what am I gonna do with it? Well, I think you should be realistic. Ya can't start an ad agency on fifty dollars! Can I take you to lunch? No..no, it's..I don't know what to say. This is so nice of you...Jack... Fifty dollars? Well, if every time someone did something offensive they hit in the head with a pebble, I think they might alter their behavior. What do you think Jack... I don't know. Huh-huh. I'm deeply smitten. "Soveriegn princess of his captive heart what dire affliction has thou made me suffer, thus banished from thy presence with reproach, and fettered by thy rigorous command, not to appear again before thy beautiful face. Deign princess, to remember this thy faithful slave, who now endures such misery for love of thee".... Funny -- you look married. Thanks a mill -- And I'll give you a buzz as soon as I hear from the people upstairs and we'll get this thing off the ground... Thanks for stopping by, Jack. Give my love to the wife and kids. I know... Parry. See, you don't know him... That's why you're the one... You can get it... But I can't get it... He's... Oh, please... you're embarrassing me. I know! You can't imagine how surprised I was. Who would think you could find anything divine on the Upper East Side. God... I'm the janitor of God. They work for Him. But I need help and they sent you. No, no... I mean that sort of happens along the way but no... I'm on a very special quest. Take a guess... Let him guess !! Tch . ... Do you know who I am? ... I've got a right to say something. I mean, you're tying my hands here! They say you're not ready to know. Oh shut up !!! They said you're The One. Do you know what the Little People just told me? Sshhhh! What !? They're -- -- What? My name is Parry. My abode... My domicile... My neck of the woods... Hungry? Breakfast? A fruit pie perhaps? Hahahahaaa... Nononono... Not yet... Hahahaha... Great place huh? I know a great place. ...UH...WARREN! "OH beings blind! What ignorance besets you! You won't be alone for long. Are you all right? Nothing! They can do nothing! Gentlemen! You're out numbered son. I advise you to let us go. BINGO! Tell the man what he's won! Fag..a fag you say!? ... "Curst wolf! Thy fury inward on thyself Pray and consume thee!" Ha, ha, ha, ha rubbish...now begone...before somebody drops a house on you!... Unhand that degenerate - you adolescent ass of a one balled donkey! ... It's not just from tonight. I've known you for a long time. I see you come out of work every day. I walk with you to lunch. I know what you order... I see you buy Baby Ruths before going back in... I know how you feel on certain days by whether or not you go into the bookstore... ... I know you hate your job and you don't have many friends and you sometimes feel like you're not as... as wonderful as everybody else and you're a little uncoordinated ... and feeling like you're the only one who's as separate and... alone as you are... and I love you. I love you. I think you're the greatest thing since... spice racks and I would be knocked out several times if I even got just a first kiss. But I'll be back in the morning. And I won't be distant. And I will call if you let me... But I still don't drink coffee. Will you stop!... ... I'm in love with you... No, I... No. Oh no, I want to. I've got a hard-on for you the size of Canada... but I don't... want just one night. I have a confession to make? So are you, but I think maybe you should shut up now... ... I'm not coming up to your apartment. That was never my idea. Well, no wonder. We just met, made love and broke up all in the space of thirty seconds and I can't even remember the first kiss which is the best part. Excuse me... I don't drink coffee... I don't drink coffee... What are we about to do? I never say anything I have to. Well, it's enough for me. Don't say that. Tell me more. I want to know everything. Well, I'm in search of the Holy Grail. We were neighbors for a couple for weeks on Sutton Place. Well - empires have fallen because of trashy romances... It sounds exciting. Yeah. ... Uh... we seem to be all out of Ethel Merman. Well, we have plenty of those. Right over here. We got the MGM series, Astaire and Rogers, the Judy Garlands... How about... Zbiegnew Speizak's "The Purple Bread," an intensely portrayed tale of love and envy set against the sweeping background of a Polish bakery. In subtitles. How about the "Hell Merchants"? No just Parry.Eighth room down, babe... Delivery Entrance. Low Security. The security's actually not that severe. I laughed, I cried. Well, forget about it. Hawk and I are going to Rio. We're hurt, we're tired, and a hero ain't nothing but a sandwich. Right, buddy?... You're saying you want us to beat them to the crystal and save the world from financial disarray. It was so beautiful! When the blanks went off, they... Get em.... Get 'em. They went down the hallway. I can't believe you didn't notice. My weight. I lost ten pounds in Rome I'm a ghost. Boo. "But we'll be the same as we started... Anna, I think you better stay.... "How'd we ever get such in a ru-utt" Now that's a lock. "Maybe we're ragged and funny." Why not just go now? You sound disappointed. We're going in from the ground floor. Damn travel agency. That Kremlin thing is in Moscow, isn't it? Don't act like you've never committed a crime before, Hawkins? I know, I made call, when Anna tracked me down I... But I said I was sorry.... You re not thinking of going to... Why try? Morning edition. Seems two thieves "attempted" to steal it last night, but thanks to three "courageous" guards, it will be ready for tonight. Ah yes, a rare Renaissance piece. Da Vinci's "Sforza," an equestrian model of a never executed statue. I consider it to be the prize of tonight's auction of objets d'equestrian. Horse things. Geez, Gates was killed. Who do we send the thank you note to? Did I miss anything? "You could be swinging on a star." The song's over! Come on! "You could be swinging on a star." "Every day you meet quite a few." "He can't write his name or read a book. To fool people is his only thought." "He kicks up at anything he hears. You know they invented something while you were inside. Called a watch. You got about five minutes and change. They record everything their video surveillance takes in... No need. Guards' station's right there. Hey, you promised......Don't worry, I'm wearing my girdle. Don't wet your diapers. I'll have to change them. "Witchcraft." What's the running time? Rutherford Auction... that name... There goes five seconds...My record's eighteen. Hey, I'm sorry, man. I'm putting out a fire with kerosene. Just means it'll take you an extra 31 seconds to seduce. You re still the best, I know it. Hmmm, nasty little safe on the 7th. Hmmmm..... Sure. That's why his meatballs are made out of marinated Chuck Wagon. Hey, get this irritable guy a cappuccino. I gotta go be a boss. I didn't know how to tell you. A couple brokers stopped in for Stoley Spritzers one night. Next thing I know Fast Track Digest votes us "Watering Hole of the Month." Now, I'm shopping for Aqua Salmon wallpaper. Those dago-guinea-I can say this shit I'm Italian-wop motherfu-- So Mr. Coffee, what went down outside the prison? Oh man, you still got a thing for those unmasculine European coffees? Who's your buddy? Now that you're born again,what do you wanna do? Statue of Liberty? Entertain some ladies? Miss Saigon tix? Seduce some women? Play Nintendo? Bone some chicks? Still do the puzzles, still know the running times of songs, and I'll bet you're still the best damn cat burg-- Show off. Hey, boss tune. "Come Fly with Me." Don't say it, Hawkins. I'm incredibly sensitive about my fucking figure. Lousy day? The man's getting out of prison and he's having a lousy day. What, you missing out on the Cell Block Water Ballet pageant? Believe me, it's overrated. That's the first thing I did. Smooch the ground and taste the freedom. Sorry I was late. Miss anything?Let's just forget it, I mean... You're a reed, man. I gotta get Anna. Hang in there... Alex, are you.... I don't want to sound immature, but we were here first... "We all had our quarrels and parted..." You can be lookout!..... Take Alex's gun. That was close.... "Oh this lock is a pain in the bu-utt" Don't worry, we'll get it... "Oh, we ain't got a barrel of money. Okay. Count of three? Yeah, I mean, come on, going through the Iron Curtain is supposed to be crawling underneath barbed wire, it's supposed to be strangling a guard... Shwoof, that makes me feel better. I can't believe this is the Iron Curtain. All the guy at Airport customs wanted to know was "Who Shot J.R.?" Geez, this Art Treasures Room looks like a burnt diaphragm. Rio, Alex? After all they've done to...Hey, these tickets are for Moscow! No sweat, Alex, you only made the biggest mistake of my life. What was your per-diem? You bastard. You fucked my freedom for a lousy job. Alex, my man, it's time to play a little offense. Where's your tux? Because I'm tired of not understanding things. Cops, Mafia, and butlers forcing me to bust my ass to steal something, which it turns out I really didn't steal--it's fucked up. Boing. Uh, this I don t understand... "Attempted." At-tempt-ted! I'm not happy about having to steal that horse, but I do have my pride. Face it, when it comes to burglary, and sex, I.... Okay, you got me, Mr. PBS. The Butler did it. Guy was a cross between Alistair Cook and a Cuisinart. Dude took Mr. Ed and humptied dumptied it over Gates's head. He said it was made by, get this, Leonardo.. Oh, not much. Gates just had his tonsils taken out. The hard way. Paint a woman in a lighthou--I don't want to steal a horse. Life is... What am I doing here? There are so many things I wanna do that aren't this. Paint a lighthouse. Kiss a woman in Italy. "And all the monkeys aren't in the zoo." "And though he's slippery, he still gets caught." "A mule is an animal with long funny ears." 5:32. "Swinging on a Star." Yes, master-thief, I can see that. You said something about a plan... Cameras? Whoa, you better cut a bigger hole than that. Alex! I'm sorr--Goddamn Mario Brothers. Goddamn Gates. Goddamn Rutherford Auction House. By the way, how many seconds? You're not...LISTENING! This isn't funny. I'm not into this. I... But you got three guards who... Shit, what am I doing? Where's the want ads? Gonna sell some spatulas. The safe's a Simpson 71. Last time I played the game, Simpson only had a 40. It's Captain Bob's steering wheel! Remember when the Captain..... Yo Pandora, quit hummm-ing... look at this. Alex, did you know this ape was going to be here... I read about these people in Newsweek. Where's all the regulars, Crazy Jeff Cava, the Todd sisters, Indian Joe? Where's Ed Kranepool's autograph? Captain Bob's steering wheel? Ah, had the perfect amount of foam. Just get me to the bar... It's the one good thing in my life that'll never change.... Oh, not much. Mario Brothers want me to do a job. Come on, Alex, let's just get to Alex's. Your bar's the only place that's going to cheer me. God, I'd kill for a damn cappuccino. What the hell's a Nintendo? Not anymore. Now I'm the laziest damn cat burg--I'm going to take it so straight that I won't tape a Mets game without the expressed written consent of the National Baseball League. Three minutes, 51 seconds. That's your definition of "Hard?" My next word was gonna be "consciousness." Swear to God... tubby. Looks like you've been expanding your... Your timing, and your shoes, are impeccable... Good to see you, Alex, been having a lousy day. Ooh-kay... You're unemployed, Alfie. Boss is dead. Her plan is over. Last rites, sister? My life is not some deal. I... Yes way. Too-do-loo, babe. I got my planet back. Have I ever told you the world is beautiful... I'd really like to play Nintendo with you, or something... I wanna know... Yeah, but what would happen if that little mirror came out of the crystal. Wha..... I hope you know what.... This is too bad to be false. I told you not to call me Hudson. The only people who called me that were the nuns at... Fits my new image. A thief for the masses. This is one job I'm not going to feel guilty about enjoying. Gum. Hey, don't take your disguise so seriously. Selfish attitude? I'm just some guy who wants a little nap and a cappuccino for when he wakes up, not too much foam... You better believe I can. I'm sick of people telling me what I have to do. You know, the place where you gave the bad guys the Codex.... the Mayflower Museum. Oh. Well, what's this? And you, Dr. Cappucino, you're lucky I don't hit women, assuming you are a woman. I'm not taking anything for granted anymore. This doesn't taste like cappuccino. Ooh, I guess I do know something Here's looking at you, kid... Does everyone in the world know more than me? Jesus, I'm just some guy who happens to be good at swiping stuff.....Lifted a piece of licorice when I was one and a half. Who knew it would lead... They even got the CIA involved! Wha-- It's not what you think. Okay, maybe it is.... Oh. No. Catholic girls are scary... Hey now, outside of a very friendly dog this morning, it's been a slow decade. I don't make love every ten years, I get a little cranky. tickles, ticKleS, TICKLES. Uh....old badminton injury. I seem to have a thing for sinning. sinning. Check please.... Let's just say, I never saw E.T. I was the Warden? This is bueno. They had the worst ketchup in prison.....uh... I never break a date. Scout's honor. Said. And I'll bring my entourage... God, I wish I could say the same thing. What about having a nice, dull dinner with me tonight. Scrabble, Knock-knock jokes, Anecdotes about famous dead Italians.... You're not an unmysterious thang yourself. Oh, you read that. The Vatican is made of constant mysteries meant to be enjoyed, not explained. Whoa, part 2. Does it go to Times Square? Could you believe that crazy elephant? Whoa. Name's Hawkins, Eddie Hawkins. My nickname's Hudson Hawk, but don't call me Hudson, not even as a joke. The Nuns at St. Agnes called me that and they're the ones who helped make me what I am today. Not a compliment... Never, why do you ask? That's what you theenk. Yes, and my giraffe loves it, too... Because Danger, Doc, is my middle... Excuse me, Milady. I would have flown over and carried you up to a pink cloud, but I left my cape at the cleaners. Forget about it--it was nothing-- anybody would have done the same thing--It's an impulse... Oh, the shit is going to hit the fa-- Ah, the mafia, the cops; do I know how to party or what? Baseball, why? If the Mario brothers weren't Jersey's third largest family, I'd say kiss my ass. But considering your status, I'll say slurp my butt. Or you cut off my thingie. Directions even your brother would understand. Sure. Face down. Two endearing shots to the back of the head. That's your mark, man. What did Little Eddie ever do to... But you're going to tell us anyway... You want an address on that last one? Hey, guys, I've always wanted to sing like Franki Valli and the other seasons, but come on.... I guess that's a no. If you're pausing for a "thank you," give it up. So boss, you going to tell me what the crystal piece inside the pony means? Whatever. You own Boardwalk, you own Park Place, you own the four railroads. You think you're God. For all I know, you're probably right. I just wanted to have a damn cappuccino, maybe play some Nintendo after I find out what it is. Man, why didn't you just buy the horse? What am I saying, you did buy it... You could host American Bandstand in here. Why did you duck at the auction, asshole? You certainly do. Weren't you the bartender at Jonestown? What else do you got under there ... I don't want to be rude, but this is all pretty lame. Uh, yeah. Cut to the chase. Yes. How was I supposed to know they were women? Besides one of them was bald and kept saying "Soitinly." The only thing you can't do is get sex for free. I know I was in prison for like basically the 80's, but, call me daffy, aren't you supposed to stop me from committing crimes. You know, Book-em-Dano, Call-for-backup, Give-a-Hoot-Don't-Pollute. What job? The pleasure's all yours, Officer Gates. And to think I thought you were Evil Incarnate in pumps. Except yours-yours. The goal of world domination. Well, if you put it that way, Minnie. How can I resist? You killed a friend. Why should I help you go for the gold? If you think you're getting past me... Bunny, not you too? Sure. The Kremlin. Makes sense. The Kremlin. Why not? Listen, this is all too Indiana Jones and the Lost City of King Tut for me, man. Throw me in jail and go ahead, just try and throw Alex... Alchemy. Two minutes, 35 seconds. Damnit, I'm involved in this thing, so I just wanna know what this thing is. I wanna be treated as an adult. Just browsing. Don't touch me.... You wouldn't risk the dime to call the police. You have no proof. Anybody have a cigarette? But seriously, do me a favor and Concorde me back to prison. I don't care anymore. I hope you have the receipts for the threads. Guess I know who wears the penis in this family. Damnit, I hate this! I'm a cat burglar! Nobody said anything about this fight-to-the-death shit. Just shut up and hit me! Don't be stupid...they... Tonight? You're whacked. The timing's off, I'm underequipped Damnit, I have a date! You know Kaplan, if you weren't the slimiest pinata of shit that ever lived, I'd feel sorry for you. This is the worst night... Why does this have to be so hard... No. But why do you let Butterfinger keep those blood stains on his shirt? I don't think you'll appreciate their choice of weenie. Can't you see the Mayflowers double-crossed you... If you do anything to my friend... Thanks for sharing. Why George, you big softie... I'm supposed to fall for that? Employer? The president? Three minutes, twenty-three seconds. If you think I'm doing another... To what do I owe the dishonor of a reunion, you centrally intelligent scumsicle. But I'm not the type of guy to hold a grudge. Bastard, you're going to need another nose! Don't I know you...Not necessarily. A wife would. Then its authority is in doubt. What an extraordinary request! Another one? Yes. The Castle gates were blockaded in the time of the great plague -- it's an escape route. Don't get stuck. A cenotaph -- a monument to someone whose remains ended up elsewhere. But look -- I was restoring some stones here in the upper section one day -- and I found this. In a manner of speaking. What made you think I'd be able to get you into the Castle? There is one thing I'd like you to tell me. -- I'm flattered, of course, to be considered a friend -- even without knowing all the details. -- To see such determination is reward enough for me. A man must eat -- And drink. Success or nothing? Why do you work in that hideous insurance office? -- dealing with people who fall off ladders. Now take me -- I make my living as a stone mason. It's not my art -- but it's the tools of my art. You could be -- a journalist. Where do you get your ideas? Only joking -- I'm just joking. Let's go to a brothel then, Kafka, come on. These strange stories you write -- they come naturally, do they? -- In what sense? The needles inscribing the judgement into the flesh of the man. Very good. I read the one about the penal colony. Just what you've published. I've read your stories. They're fantastic.The Orlac claim. No, there's only one report to complete. I'll be doing it myself and submitting it to the Castle today or tomorrow. Was there something else? I do. You might find a more athletic hobby -- put some color in your cheeks. I understand you fancy yourself an author. -- Yes -- Raban -- but he was too much like you -- even more so perhaps. He wasn't here as long as you, so I didn't know him as well -- but I could see the influence he was having. I simply want you to be aware of this because you'll be happier for it. Oh, I know you got along with that poor fellow -- what was his name? Attitude, Kafka. It doesn't matter how well you do your work -- you still see it as something to be gotten on with rather than something to take an active interest in. Have you never wondered -- and I mention this only in passing -- why other clerks have advanced to more responsible positions while you, who have been here longer, have not? It's not healthy, Kafka -- not for you and not for your workmates. At the annual dinner this month you again failed to make an appearance. You must make the time. Where do you go off to in the lunch hour? You keep too much to yourself -- you're a lone wolf. It makes me uneasy, and if it makes me uneasy I can't imagine the impression you make on lesser employees. You've been with the firm for nearly nine years. You've done your work diligently, there are no complaints on that score. But there's more to the job than the work -- there are other people to consider -- and frankly, Kafka, we eel your social situation could bear improving. Sit down, Kafka.What did she say? That's been noted. But where does it lead us? Unless you have something more to add. That's not what I call conclusive evidence of an abduction. -- Should you happen upon anything that might be relevant. Anyway, I'd like you to reflect that in me you have -- I won't say a friend, because we're complete fencers, of course -- from distinctly incompatible social classes -- but to some extent, shall we say, an interested third party. What makes you think so? We know that. His landlady knew of no other friends to refer us to. He might have had a drink or two, despite what you think. Grown men don't normally fall into the river, do they? Was he depressed? He was found in the River. Could he swim? Would you describe your relationship with the dead man as close? Engaged in the manufacture and distribution of ... pills and so forth. Where you've been employed for seven years. Your office is the Workmen's -- Did you go anywhere afterwards -- to have a drink perhaps? When was the last time you saw Mr. Raban? Kafka -- is that your real name?A glorified office block. They keep all the old records there -- the final resting place for facts and figures that have ceased to matter in the world of the living. It's only majestic from here. When you get closer you see it for what it really is. Up there. You have been hearing the sordid side then. Even the so-called New Town isn't so new. Only the people. People of the future living in buildings of the past. Has anyone seen Eduard? What was the matter with it? Have you worked here long? You look like brothers. My assistants, I presume. A true friend would do it. It's my last and final one. If I don't see you later -- go to my house and find my notebooks -- and destroy them. All my manuscripts -- just burn them. Please. Will you do me a favor then? -- You appreciate my writing. Not a chance. I'm the thinnest person I know. An empty tomb? The cemetery is nearer the Castle than anywhere else -- wasn't it part of the Castle originally? -- I always assumed there'd be a gate or something. Isn't there? I'm trying to find things out myself -- that's the whole point. -- Oh, yes, determination runs in the family. The Kafka men are famous for it, you know. Delivering meat barefoot in the depths of winter, picking up sacks of flour with their teeth -- The Castle cemetery. You work in the cemetery. No -- not even success. My writing is not for making a living -- it's for living. Not for other people, it's for me. That would be even worse -- it would be a compromise. I haven't got the energy. I mean, I have to conserve my energy. Naturally? -- that's not the word I would have chosen. Gabriela was right -- it's easier for me to understand suicide. I'm a practicing suicide. Did you? -- In magazines nobody reads. I don't know what you could have read. Yes. I'll commit that to memory. Your credibility -- yes, it's well known. Burgel, I thought it would be easier, as long as I was passing -- He has it, he just hasn't noticed it yet, all right? I've never seen him. I don't believe there is a keeper of the files. No, I left it in his office. I gave it to him yesterday. Sorry, yes -- well -- thank you, sir. I see -- it's just the Erlanger claim then. No -- I just -- I feel a sense of obligation. He was my friend -- if I can be of any help -- closing his affairs. I wonder if I might look to see if there's an address for family -- I thought I'd like to write to them. Excuse me, sir -- I understand you have Eduard Raban's file. In a small way. -- Eduard -- Well, I -- No, sir. I did not realize it was obligatory. I usually take lunch by the River. To do my work well, I have little time for -- ... My ... social situation? You wanted to see me, sir. -- Listen to me -- No -- not this time. I told you, they're dead . It's finished. There's a new potion -- he said it was perfected. They're dead now. We can get help. I -- I found your jailer. Gabriela ...? -- I've just come from the Castle. It's over. Gabriela! -- you did get away. Now Burgel's one of the authorities? First these nameless authorities were the root of all evil, now it's insignificant Burgel. If indeed there was a mistake -- and a minor one at that -- you're suggesting someone went to a lot of trouble over something so trivial as to not matter at all. Usually. I've heard of it happening. Now you're saying Eduard was lured there? He's jealous, yes, but that jealous? He's too cautious. Burgel doesn't like anybody! That street down there -- I always used to call it the approach road for suicides. It leads straight down to the bridge and the River. Now you've fallen into his trap. When he goes to bed at night Burgel dreams of inspiring as much fear in others as they inspire in him. You don't believe that. It couldn't be for that incident with Burgel the other day. Why were you given notice? Burgel gave me this -- what does it mean? At the cost of others? You accuse people of murder without trial -- apparently without irony. Did you go to the Castle with Eduard? Then you have no idea what really might have happened that night at all -- even before or after he got there. My only concern is the human tribunal. Isn't it yours? People must think the same of me -- a quiet, dependable person. I have no right to be, I know. My experience with real life is practically nil. And you still maintain -- what? That he was murdered. What of it? I've hardly published enough for anyone to draw conclusions from. Ah -- we're back to the "authorities" you spoke of. -- I don't know the Musil district. And you ...? Last year. I -- it was broken off. ... All right. Tonight? -- What could he have done to warrant that? When I have no reason to doubt. He wasn't robbed. He was identified by his wallet. The police would know the difference, wouldn't they? No, I don't. I'm amazed that anyone is able to bear life with any assurance at all. How long were you and Eduard -- This morning it was suggested to me that my own sense of office fellowship could bear improving. That he was -- satisfied in that regard. I didn't want to pry. I suspected that he -- well. No. Well -- nice to know life exists outside the office. I've never seen you here before. I'm sorry, but I just wondered -- Oh -- well, I thought he once mentioned -- You're a friend of Eduard Raban's. I'm Kafka -- I work upstairs in Accident -- That the police may have allegiance to something other than truth. Maybe it's true then what she said. She's missing. I went to her house and she hadn't returned there. You told me to contact you if anything relevant came up -- Gabriela is relevant. When I spoke to you before I didn't know she'd been seeing Eduard. If someone was waiting here in the hallway to spirit her away, wouldn't they have shut the door as quietly as possible? But that's just my point -- she was more than upset, she was livid. She slammed every door on her way downstairs -- except that one. I was just behind her and I didn't even hear that one shut -- not at all. I'll bear that in mind. Probably not. ... Just a perception. He wasn't a lonely man, though. I don't think he really had any. He had no family either. Can I ask -- how you found me? No, I suppose not. No. He didn't seem to be. Do you think he drowned himself? I don't know. Yes. Since he came to the office, almost three years ago, we've been quite good friends. How was Eduard ... Well -- other departments are, yes. Eight -- and seven months. -- Accident and Compensation Association. No, we said goodbye outside the building. He went off, as usual, toward his house. Wednesday. We left the office together. Yes. Yes, of course -- why wouldn't it be? My assistants. I should have known. Nothing is given to me. I have to acquire everything. Close only by virtue of antithesis. It's a farce. For all your incompetence I was beginning to think you were at least loyal to me. You're very good ham actors. -- You should meet my father. What's the matter with you? You mean you've actually begun some? I didn't realize you'd been here that long. Do you? Oh, Burgel! Gabriela was having an affair with Eduard. They were both members of this group . If any crime's been discovered and people are paying for it, I'd look to yourselves ! Then why haven't I been -- -- You said so yourself the firm is large and powerful. If the discrepancy really was something big, Eduard's responsibility would still have to be small. No poor young clerk could find himself in such a fix. That's mad . ... Why take me into your confidence? What have you done with Gabriela Rossmann? The fact that it's live bodies you practice your trade on doesn't seem to matter to you. Lying in the gutter where they belong. And I suppose Dr. Murnau didn't die in a cave-in. You killed him to free the Position of Orlac Medical Officer for your own ends. I had the grandest of financial plots in mind, the most malevolent of personal motives, conspiracy theories extending to every ... authority I could see. And I find you. A body snatcher. "Accident and Compensation" -- no one can accuse the firm of not supplying exactly what it promises. It only amuses me in that it gives me an insight into the ludicrous bungling that in some circumstances may decide the life of a human being. ... A piece of paper ... ... A piece of paper ... I could always apply there. Where do our records go to in the Castle? What if I petitioned one of the Directors? What good are records if they're not open for public inspection? Once a file's been sent to the Caste, is it possible to recall it for review? This is the cross-reference of clerks who've worked on Orlac claims? I did read that. They gave him a posthumous medal. All these in the last year? Orlac is an account? -- You mean my Chief has it. It's gone out so quickly? What's the matter? He's the clerk who died last week. From the insurance department Yes. Isn't it there? It usually is.It so happens, my dear simple sir, that the Head of Medical Records at the Castle is one of the Directors of this firm. We're a medical firm, aren't we? They go to the Medical Records Section. You do not summon them -- they summon you -- and this, of course, hardly ever happens, if at all. The Directors are an eccentric lot and by nature cautious. These laws have been with us for centuries -- how can you doubt them? Of course not. Only by a Director of the firm. Who'd want to let in all kinds of riff-raff off the streets? Is your friend's name among them? Then he only worked on the one case. Your Chief will send me the final summation when he's finished with it. Dr. Murnau was the bravest of men. He spent an entire career in those backwaters with no regard for personal gain. A great loss. You must have read about it in the papers -- there was a terrible cave-in. It wouldn't have been so bad, but even the Medical Officer for the district was killed! It's a factory in the northern mountains. One of our best customers. Without a proper request I'm not obliged to do this, you understand -- but I'll make an exception on this one occasion. If it was Accounts you wanted why did you ask for Employees? Whenever an employee departs, shall we say, it's up to the head of his department to requisition his file, reassign any outstanding claims, and send it off. Why would we keep files on dead employees? All old files are sent up to the Castle. Do you think we have room for two hundred years worth personnel records? Wait a minute. "Raban?" Where have I heard that name? I'm overworked as it is. "Raban" did you say? I'm not obliged to give you access, you know -- not without authorization -- but I'll make an exception this one time. "Raban" -- that'll be nearly at the back of the alphabet.Starling - you've earned back your place in the Academy. We never would've found him without you, and nobody's ever going to forget that. Least of all me. No, Starling, there isn't time. And you've still got crucial work to do in Ohio. We want him for murder, not kidnapping. I'm counting on you to link him to the Bimmel girl, before he's indicted. Take a bow. Customs had some paper on his alias. They stopped a carton two years ago at LAX - live caterpillars from Surinam. The addressee was "John Grant." Calumet Power & Light's given us two possible residences under that alias. We're hitting one, Chicago SWAT's taking the other. This Gumb's a real beauty. Slaughtered both his grandparents when he was twelve, and did nine years in juvenile psychiatric. Where, Starling, he took vocational rehab, and learned a useful trade... Johns Hopkins finally came up with a name for us. We fed him into Known Offenders, and he came up cherries. Subject's name is "Jamie Gumb," AKA "John Grant." Lecter's description was accurate, he just lied about the name. Starling, we know who he is! And where he is. We're on our way now. Starling - With ID and a gun...? Impersonating a federal agent is a felony. I'm Bureau for 28 years, Starling. I won't disobey orders, not even now. Ohio is cold ground. Picked over, ten months ago. Our people worked it, so did the locals. You heard them. I don't have that authority anymore. They'll use their best men. But they better be paying attention... Good idea. Meantime, try to get a feel for Catherine Martin. Her apartment, her friends... how he might've stalked her. I'm going to the other two clinics, Minnesota and Ohio. Now's the hardest part, Starling. Use your anger, don't let it keep you from thinking. Just keep your eyes on Catherine. We've got less than 30 hours. Or just as worthless. But I want you in Memphis, close to him. Maybe when he gets tired of toying with Senator Martin, he'll talk to you again. There's a plane waiting for you now at the airstrip. I'm 53, Starling. If I found Jimmy Hoffa on national TV, I'd still have to retire in two years. It's not a consideration. But you are... You've done enough. If I keep you out of school any longer, you'll be recycled. Cost you six months, at least. I can guarantee you readmission here, but that's about it. Now's your chance, Starling. Go back to class. Leave Bill to me. Let's get some coffee and talk. She doesn't know what we're up to. And we can't afford to let her find out. State to federal jurisdiction... We can do it - eventually - but we'll never get all the clearances in time. Can you convince him a deal's already in place? What would it take? If we act too anxious, he'll make us wait. He'll let the Senator keep hoping, day after day, until Catherine finally washes up. That'd be the most fun of all. He offered to help, Starling, not to snitch. That wouldn't give him enough chance to show off. Remember, Lecter looks mainly for fun. Never forget fun. But for Catherine Martin, it all comes down to you and Lecter. You're the one he talks to. You seem pretty sure of that. The other girls are in the ground. Exhumations are upsetting for the families. I'll do it if I have to, but - When we get back, I want you to run that bug by the Smithsonian, see if they can identify it. Maybe it's got some limited range, or it only breeds at certain times of year... You found it, Starling, you deserve the credit. Point taken. When I told that sheriff we shouldn't talk in front of a woman, that really burned you, didn't it? That was just smoke, Starling, I had to get rid of him. You did well in there. They weren't there. Get close-ups. What do you see, Starling? Are you finished? What should I say? You did fine work. We'll wait on the lab. Okay, Starling. Let's have it. Maybe you've got a knack for this... I guess we're about to find out. Why not? Why? Talk about him, Starling. Tell me what you see. Good idea, but he thought of it, too. We've run simulations, using different vectors and the best dates we can assign. You put it all in the computer, and smoke comes out. No, this one is different. This one has seen us coming... Blue square for Belvedere, Ohio, where the Bimmel girl was abducted. Blue triangle where her body was found - down here in Missouri. Same marks for the other four girls, in different colors. This new one, today... washed up here. Elk River, in West Virginia, about six miles below U.S. 79. Real boonies. You don't have to feel any way about it. Lecter did it to amuse himself. Why not, what can they do? Take away his books for awhile, and no jello... I know it got ugly today. But this is your report, Starling - take it as far as you can. On your own time, outside of class. Now carry on. The orderly heard Lecter whispering to him, all afternoon, and Miggs crying. They found him at bed check. He'd swallowed his own tongue... Chilton is scared stiff the family will file a civil rights lawsuit, and he's trying to blame it on you. I told the little prick your conduct was flawless. Starling...? Miggs has been murdered. Then do that, Starling. Do just exactly that. Do you recall my instructions to you, Starling? What were they? Well? Why aren't you there right now? He mentioned a name, at the very end. "Mofet..." Any followup on her? Every word, Starling? Every gesture? I've read your interim memo on Lecter. You sure you've left nothing out? Be very careful with Hannibal Lecter. Dr. Chilton at the asylum will go over the physical procedures used with him. Do not deviate from them, for any reason. You tell him nothing personal, Starling. Believe me, you don't want Hannibal Lecter inside your head... Just do your job, but never forget what he is. Now. I want your full attention, Starling. Are you listening to me? You're qualified and available. And frankly, I can't spare a real agent right now. The psychiatrist - Dr. Hannibal Lecter. You see, the one we want most refuses to cooperate. I want you to go after him again today, in the asylum. We're trying to interview all of the serial killers now in custody, for a psychobehavioral profile. Could be a big help in unsolved cases. Most of them have been happy to talk to us. They have a compulsion to boast, these people... Do you spook easily, Starling? A job's come up and I thought about you. Not really a job, more of - an interesting errand. Walk me to my car, Starling. Your instructors tell me you're doing well. Top quarter of the class. Starling, Clarice M., good morning. Would you, Doctor? That would be so kind. Oh, that's clever, Dr. Danielson. Very humorous. You like the truth? Try this. He kidnaps young women and kills them and rips their skin off. We don't want him to do that anymore. If you don't help me, just as fast as you can, then the Justice Department is going to ask publicly for a court order, We'll ask twice a day, just in time for the morning and evening news. And each one of our press conferences will focus on Dr. Danielson, over at Johns Hopkins, and how we're still hoping for his cooperation. And every time there's any news on the case - when Catherine Martin floats, when the next one floats, and the next one - why, we'll just issue another press release about good ol' Dr. Danielson, over at Johns Hopkins - complete with all his humorous fucking remarks. Look... search your own records, if you prefer. You can do it a lot faster than us, anyway. If we find Buffalo Bill through your information, I'll suppress it. Nobody has to know this hospital cooperated. Her name is Kimberly Jane Emberg, she was just ID'd. I met her on a slab in West Virginia. And sometime tomorrow, or tomorrow night, he's going to do the same thing to Catherine Martin. You want to see a violation? This is a violation... Dr. Danielson, the man we want was never your patient. It would be someone you refused because he tries to conceal a record of criminal violence. Please, Doctor - time is eating us up. Just show me the ones you've turned away.Goodbye, Clarice... You looked - so very lovely today, in your blue suit. I have no plans to call on you, Clarice, the world being more interesting with you in it. Be sure you extend me the same courtesy. Your lambs are still for now, Clarice, but not forever... You'll have to earn it again and again, this blessed silence. Because it's the plight that drives you, and the plight will never end. Well, Clarice, have the lambs stopped screaming...? Promise...? Then why not take your case file? I won't be needing it anymore. Brave Clarice. Will you let me know if ever the lambs stop screaming? Dr. Chilton... I believe you know each other? Thank you, Clarice. Do you think if you saved Catherine, you could make them stop...? Do you think, if Catherine lives, you won't wake up in the dark, ever again, to the screaming of the lambs? Do you...? You still wake up sometimes, don't you? Wake up in the dark, with the lambs screaming? But what became of your lamb? Clarice...? Where were you going? But you could. You did. So you ran away... They were slaughtering the spring lambs? What did you do? What was it? Then something woke you. What? Did you dream...? What was it? Not "just," Clarice. What set you off? You started what time? I'll listen now. After your father's murder, you were orphaned. You were ten years old. You went to live with cousins, on a sheep and horse ranch in Montana. And - ? We don't reckon time the same way, Clarice. This is all the time you'll ever have. No. It's your turn to tell me, Clarice. You don't have any more vacations to sell, on Anthrax Island. Why did you run away from that ranch? No. Precisely. We begin by coveting what we see every day. Don't you feel eyes moving over your body, Clarice? I hardly see how you couldn't. And don't your eyes move over the things you want? No, he covets. That's his nature. And how do we begin to covet, Clarice? Do we seek out things to covet? Make an effort to answer. What is the first and principal thing he does, what need does he serve by killing? No! That's incidental. First principles, Clarice. Simplicity. Read Marcus Aurelius. Of each particular thing, ask: What is it, in itself, what is its nature...? What does he do, this man you seek? I've studied the case file, have you...? Everything you need to find him is right in these pages. Whatever his name is. Clarice... you're hardly in a position to accuse me of lying. How very thoughtful... Or did Crawford send you here for one last wheedle - before you're both booted off the case? That's enough, I think. Happy hunting. Oh, and Clarice - next time you will tell me why you ran away. Shall I summarize? The personality inventories would trip him up. Rorschach, Wechsler, House-Tree-Person... He wouldn't test like a real transsexual. There are three major centers for transsexual surgery: Johns Hopkins, the University of Minnesota, and Columbus Medical center. I wouldn't be surprised if Billy has applied for sex reassignment at one or all of them, and been rejected. Billy's not a real transsexual, but he thinks he is. He tries to be. He's tried to be a lot of things, I expect. Did he try to? Why, Clarice? Did the rancher fuck you? Why so briefly? How long did you live there? A cattle ranch? After your father's death, you were orphaned. What happened next? I don't imagine the answer's on those second-rate shoes, Clarice. Clever girl. You're so close to the way you're going to catch him - do you realize that? The significance of the moth is change. Caterpillar into cocoon into beauty... Billy wants to change, too, Clarice. But there's the problem of his size, you see. Even if he were a woman, he'd have to be a big one... You're very frank, Clarice. I think - it would be quite something to know you in private life. Killed outright? Tell me. Don't lie, or I'll know. What's your worst memory of childhood? Quicker than that. I'm not interested in your worst invention. Terns... If I help you, Clarice, it will be "turns" with us, too. Quid pro quo. I tell you things, you tell me things. Not about this case, though - about yourself. Yes or no? Yes or no, Clarice. Catherine is waiting. Tick-tock, tick-tock... "Plum Island Animal Disease Research Center." Sounds charming. I'm waiting for your offer, Clarice. Enchant me. Was it a butterfly? Mmm. And what else...? Big through the hips. Roomy. Life's too slippery for books, Clarice. Typhoid and swans came from the same God. Tell me, Miss West Virginia - was she a large girl? That is both impudent and untrue... Tell me, how did you feel when you viewed our Billy's latest effort? Or should I say, his "next-to-latest"? Oh, a very naughty boy. Someone you and Jack Crawford are most anxious to meet. I've been in this room for eight years, Clarice. I know they will never, ever let me out while I'm alive. What I want is a view. I want a window where I can see a tree, or even water. I want to be in a federal institution, away from Chilton - and I want a view. I'll give good value for it. Crawford could do that for me, but he won't. You persuade him. Punishment, you see. For Miggs. Just like that gospel program. When you leave, they'll turn the volume way up. Chilton does enjoy his petty torments. Or doesn't this all begin to suggest to you a kind of... negotiation? There's something Crawford can give me, and I want to trade for it. I even wrote to him, offering my help. But he hates me, so he won't deal directly. Not anymore. Surely the odd confluence of events hasn't escaped you, Clarice. Crawford dangles you before me. Then I give you a bit of help. Do you think it's because I like to look at you, and imagine how good you would taste...? Your first lie to me, Clarice. How sad. Tell me - do you think Crawford wants you, sexually? True, he's much older, but - do you think he visualizes... scenarios, exchanges...? Fucking you? Jack Crawford is helping your career, isn't he? Apparently he likes you. And you like him, too. Do you have something you use, when you need to get up your courage? Memories, tableaux... scenes from your early life? Ahhh... Why? And have them clomping about in my life? Oh dear, no... At that time I still had certain private amusements of my own. How did you feel when you saw him, Clarice? May I call you Clarice? Who can say...? Best thing for him, really. His therapy was going nowhere. His real name is Benjamin Raspail. A former patient of mine, whose romantic attachments ran to, shall we say, the exotic...? I didn't kill him, merely tucked him away. Very much as I found him, in that ridiculous car, in his own garage, after he's missed three appointments. You'd have him under "Missing Person" - which, in poor Raspail's case, could hardly be more true. I might if I saw the case file. You could get that for me. Why don't you ask me about Buffalo Bill? Your bleeding has stopped. Advancement, of course. Go to Split City. See Miss Mofet, an old patient of mine. M-O-F-E-T... Now go. Go. I don't think Miggs could manage again so soon, even if he is crazy - do you? No. But I will make you happy... I'll give you a chance for what you love most, Clarice Starling. I would not have had that happen to you. Discourtesy is - unspeakably ugly to me. A census taker once tried to test me. I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice chianti... Fly back to school, little Starling. And you'd hate to think you were common. My, wouldn't that sting! Well you're far from common, Officer Starling. All you have is the fear of it. Now please excuse me. Good day. You're a tough one, aren't you? Oh, Officer Starling... do you think you can dissect me with this blunt little tool? I didn't. Witless and misleading. Why do you think he takes their skins, Officer Starling? Thrill me with your wisdom. Do you know why he's called Buffalo Bill? Tell me. The newspapers won't say. All flayed...? How many women has he used, our Bill? Jack Crawford must be very busy indeed if he's recruiting help from the student body. Busy hunting that new one, Buffalo Bill... Such a naughty boy! Did Crawford send you to ask for my advice on him? No, no, no. You were doing fine, you'd been courteous and receptive to courtesy, you'd established trust with the embarrassing truth about Miggs, and now this ham-handed segue into your questionnaire. It won't do. It's stupid and boring. Memory, Officer Starling, is what I have instead of view. Yes. That's the Duomo, seen from the Belvedere. Do you know Florence? I have no doubt of it. It's much better than your shoes. I see. I myself cannot. You use Evyan skin cream, and sometimes you wear L'Air du Temps, but not today. You brought your best bag, though, didn't you? Now then. What did Miggs say to you? "Multiple Miggs," in the next cell. He hissed at you. What did he say? Mmmmm... That's rather slippery of you, Officer Starling. Sit. Please. Jack Crawford sent a trainee to me? That expires in one week. You're not real FBI, are you? May I see your credentials? "We" being the Behavioral Science Unit, at Quantico. You're one of Jack Crawford's, I expect. Oh, and Senator...? Love you suit. Senator Martin...! You can't trust Jack Crawford or Clarice Starling. It's such a game with these people. They're determined to get the arrest for themselves. The "collar," I think they say. Toughened your nipples, didn't it...? Six foot one, strongly built, about 190 pounds. Hair brown, eyes pale blue. He'd be about 35 now. He said he lived in Philadelphia, but may have lied. That's really all I can remember, Senator - but if I think of any more, I'll let you know. Did you breast-feed her? I won't waste your time and Catherine's time bargaining for petty privileges. Clarice Starling and that awful Jack Crawford have wasted far too much already. I only pray they haven't doomed the poor girl... Let me help you now, and I'll trust you when it's all over.Yes. I bought the house from her, two years ago. Are they close to catching somebody, do you think? Mrs. Lippman had a son, maybe he could help you. I have his card somewhere. Do you mind stepping inside, while I looks for it? No. Wait... Was she a great, fat person? I may have seen her, I'm not sure... Jack Gordon. Just briefly. What's the problem, Officer?Oh my! Oh my... Maybe you better come out now, Miss Starling. Oh. You're playing a piano, Miss Starling? Okay, Miss Starling? Might I suggest tucking your pants into your socks? To prevent mouse intrusion. Not to my knowledge. Privacy is a great concern to my customers. But, if you say this is an FBI matter...Of what?? All right, here. How do I know you were gonna show us one? Yeah, to play with his DOLLS.It's her home! It's where she lives!! Okay, I know you've suffered a terrible loss, and there's really nothing anyone can do to comfort you, but I urge you to focus on the times you had with the camper, the trips you took, the sights you saw, those days are gone now, but they'll live on in your heart forever. Danny? Uhh, it's nice to meet ya. Uhh, we got burgers and hot dogs here if you'd care to join us? Yeah, and when those suppers are disrupted because there's a car crash, or there's a fire, or a little boy steps on a beehive. I know that, but what do you want from me? I don't know which ball's mine. Watch you don't knock out a fish. Did you ahh, love him? Yep, there they are... They always look the same every year... You can get the general idea... Is it really your camper? Look, you're not gonna take Shelly's camper. Shelly? I'll second that. Okay. Really? I'm looking forward to that. Not at all. Lot of potatoes! I'm just picking some things up for the barbecue. I'm tired of bingo, maybe we should try that drive in of yours. Goodnight Shelly. I ahh, better go. Yes. Want to what? Old Spice, Phil says it's a timeless classic. At Widdman High I was considered a pretty hot date, I did a killer frugue. Rock? I haven't danced in..... Is there enough room? Here? I brought the baby into the room a couple of times, she opened her eyes, yeah, yeah I think she saw Vada. It was..... Ahh, complications during child birth, she died two days after Vada was born. Oh, that was Phil, trying to give me advice on dating 70's women. Look I'm so out of touch, I haven't dated women in ages, not since my wife died. No, why? Yeah. Well it certainly looks bigger that it seems. It's nice. Okay, sure. I haven't had a bingo partner in ages. Oh, how do you mean? Look, it's not always luck, I mean, depending upon the placement of the numbers, a guy with 10 cards could win just as easily as a guy with 100. Why d'you think these seats were empty. What's that? No. Just, more activity. I do enjoy playing bingo, if you'd like to join me for a game tomorrow night at church you're welcome to. I haven't been to the movies in AGES. It's no big deal. I prefer it to &quot;instead&quot;, it has more dignity. I wrote that. Oh, I'm just typing up a funeral notice, you know when someone dies people want it in the paper usually, it's a service we provide for the family. Oh Hi, what can I do for you? After my wife died, Grammoo moved in here to help take care of Vada. They were very close, but lately as her mind's been wandering more and more, Vada's been acting kinda crazy. I'm sure she'll snap out of it though. Thanks, listen I wanna apologize for the other day downstairs, about Vada, I was a little harsh. Can not do without, Harry's wild about me. She's a perfectly happy eleven year old girl, look, don't give me any advice about my daughter, okay? She was raised in a funeral home, she knows a thing or two about it. Oh that, she just likes to play. What do you mean?? That wasn't an image. She WAS an old school Marm. Fix it. She did. This photo was taken a month ago at the church food drive. This was the Reverend Porter's wife, you have her looking like a two dollar hooker. Yeah. Uh huh? Great, you can start right away. Call me Harry. Now, umm, is this what you'd normally wear for work? Don't get me wrong, I like it, very much, but the.... You'd be doing hair and makeup and answering the phone. Oh, You still want it? Even though uhh... Pardon? Deceased. Yes they are. Uhh, Miss devoto, these people are already at ease. This is not a Beauty Parlor, it's a Funeral Parlor. Uhh, Miss devoto... I think it's still available. That's good, memories are good sweetheart. Vada, I'm sorry; I was trying to keep it from you, I just couldn't. You're a good girl, and I want you to be happy; don't be an old grump like me. Seeya in the morning. Yes, I did, very much for a long time, and even now, I get a little sad when I think of a pretty flower or a sunset that your mother would have liked. Uh huh. You know what your mother did when she found out she was gonna have you? She came home and painted this whole room pink. She was so sure she was gonna have a little girl. She was pretty, and kind, she had your eyes. Oh boy did she love to laugh. Sometimes when you laugh, you sound just like her. Ahh, that little Chevy was your mothers favorite car. I forgot about that picture, where did you find it? No, no. What?? He's gone sweetheart. He's gone! There were just too many of 'em. He was allergic to bees. No sweetheart, you can't. Vada, something happened to Thomas J last night, he stepped on a beehive. He's getting big. Vada, come here and sit down for a minute. Is that the fish you won at the carnival? What are you doing. Hi Vada. I fall asleep at the wheel. We're having the wedding sometime near the end of the summer. I know, I know, let's go on the &quot;sit on the bench and rest&quot; ride. Hey guess what? We're going to the carnival tonight, be ready to go in 10 minutes. In a minute, look it's hot, sweetie you'll burn your nose, look out. Soon honey, soon. No, sweetie, not yet. Ahh, Vada, just put anything you want in the cart, anything at all. I don't know what's gotten into her today. HEY, OUCH, damn it!! Vada, watch what you're doing. Naah, I think you'd better stay here and keep Grammoo company. She likes to play bingo. Well Shelly's coming over, we're gonna go together. Ahh, I just wanna look nice. Goodnight Vada. Ahh, maybe next summer. What? I love this guy! Last month you wanted to play the violin. Then you wanted to be a ventriloquist. Any more soda left? That's a lot of money for a little girl. Of course not. They come in all sizes honey, just like shoes. I'm embalming my high school teacher, don't sing. All right Arthur, just a slide of the needle..... VADA! Hand me the canula. Vada, we're trying to work here. Ya, that rack holds six ties. Vada, just put 'em on the stool. O.K. Sweetie, hand me the mayonnaise out of the fridge. Look if you think you know how, why don't you pre-measure the briquettes in little packages, put out a product, support me for a while! That's what I do. Do you wanna do it?? No, she's just driving over here, then we're taking my car. How do I look? Oh, I'm running late. Shelly'll be here any minute. Are you sure about all this? Oh come on. The last date I had was twenty years ago. I'm very nervous. Nothing, I'm dressing.We'd love to hear it. I...I was gonna bring her to class next week. I wanted to hear your poem. Oh Vada, please honey I cared for him too, Vada please! Vada, Vada sweetheart don't..... That's Suzanne. She and I are gonna be married this Fall. Pause as he takes all this in I think your Dad would miss you. Oh, Vada... Come here, sit down over here. Okay, okay we don't have to talk about him, Vada, Vada we don't have to talk about him, it's okay. We won't talk about him all right? Please. Uhhh, va, uhh, Vada. Vada, this is an adult writing class. For this class? It's summer! You're kids! Go play! Me, two hours a week, talking about poetry. This an interrogation Vada? Thirty five dollars. Well I'm gonna teach creative writing this summer, so, I'm doing some work. Well, you never can tell... I might get a pet. Well I just bought it, now I'm fixing it up. No wonder you're my prize pupil. What about you Thomas J? Really? Already? The summer's just begun. Mademoiselle Sultenfuss and the amazing Dr. J! How's the summer treating you?Cause she gets scared of all those dead people in her house, and you know that saying, If you can't beat 'em, join 'em, well if she's one of them, she won't be as scared. No. Cause she's dying. Cool, can I get one for Vada? Hey there's your Dad and Shelly. What are you saving for? Eeeeuuuww, gross. I'm gonna drive us to Liverpool. Wow, this is the coolest thing, like you really eat and sleep here? I'm allergic to it. Well if you don't get to marry Mr. Bixler. Would you think of me? Okay, seeya. Vada? Okay. You better not either. Umm, Ummmmm Okay, okay. But then I won't be able to see anything. Like this? But, I don't know how. No. Like they do on TV? Yes it is, cause then he'll give you all A's and it won't be fair. You can't marry a teacher, it's against the law. Well when you get older, you just have to. Please, it's real hot, maybe we can go swimming? Hi Vada, can you come out? Okay, seeya. You can come to my house for dinner? I have to anyway, my mom will be worried. I'm hungry, I can't last any longer. I do, she's real funny. So now you'll have a mother. They're getting married? Wow, was it a decoder ring? Why are you running away? I'm tired of running away. Besides, we past this place two times already. We're not getting nowhere. Really? I wanna live with them too. Bye Ma. Come on, let's go. Sure. Hi Vada. But I have my clothes on! Hurry!!! Run faster they're after us!! Got it! For their meat. You're right, let's knock it down. Stand back. Pointing There's a beehive right there! Woah!! THIS!! Hey Vada, guess what we got? You know I'm not allowed outside my myself after dark. Can we go yet? Watch bingo? I don't even like to play bingo. They're not gonna let us in Vada, we're kids. I stopped that! I am not. I told you i'll get in trouble. What do you want? My mom will skin me alive if she finds I'm out here. Don't DO that!! That doesn't sound so bad, come on, we'll never find that streamer. But, what if you're afraid to ride horses? Heaven. What do you think it's like? Do you remember her? Who's that with your Dad? Is that your Dad? Hey, where does it say that? What? No, I don't wanna. Hey look at this! Where's your bike? What's wrong with your eyes? Your lip bleeding? Okay, OW! If I do it, can we go? It's a mosquito bite. Naah, I don't wanna. Yeah he got away. Come on let's go. I don't like touching fish, how do you pull the hook out without touching it? I'm trying. Oh no! UUH. I'm gonna be an acrobat when I grow up. She only wants to do it because her sweetie pie's the teacher. She's crazy, she wants to go to school over the summer. It doesn't work, it always stays black. Why? It's not dinner time yet. I don't wanna talk to a teacher, it's summer! At what? Hey look at this, no feet! I can't, I have to go home.You never were... And I always knew I could count on you, Agent Utah. Wild ride, huh? Three seconds... two... one... Well that's the only way it's gonna happen, man. Do it! Come on, you want to do it. You're gonna die, Johnny. Five more seconds. Four... Go on, Johnny. Pull it. But you gotta drop the gun, first! Right?! You use your other hand what you gonna hold on with? Naw, you pull it! Pretty radical, Johnny. Even for you. Why don't you pull it? Why should I? I say when it's over! And let my policy expire? Sorry. Around somewhere. Listen, I'm in kind of a hurry, Johnny U. What can I do for you? But you're not alone. Wild, ain't it?! See, we exist on a higher plane, you and I. We make our own rules. Why be a servant of the law Johnny U... when you can be it's master? Sure you can! You may even like it... it's a killer rush. You'll see. Hey, don't I show you things, Johnny U? See! That's what I like about you, man! You're just sharp as a razor blade. Sorry, can't do it, brah. He's on the road. And where they're going there's no phones. Damn, I hate this Johnny, I really do. I hate violence. See, that's why I need Rosie. I could never make this thing work, myself. No way I could hold a knife to Tyler's throat, man! She was my woman, once. We shared time in this world. But Rosie, he's kind of a... mechanism. Once you set him in motion, he won't stop. That's his gift, a kind of... blankness. Noon comes, straight up, he'll gut her like a pig and try not to get any on his shoes. Nothing I can do, unless I get there. She'll be fine, Rosie won't do anything. At least not as long as I meet him at a certain place and time, about... let's see... ... six hours from now. Whoa, whoa!! Think it through! I'm the only one knows where they are. Just let me talk for a second. Insurance policy. Now this is going to sting a bit, but it's for your own growth, brah. Press play. Okay! One thousand feet. Pull the goddamn cord! Don't screw around man, pull it! You gonna pull? I'll take that as a yes. Utah, you copy bruddah? My man! Then we'll earn it together. Here, take mine. I did. What's the matter? Don't trust me? It's a little ceremony we always have at the end of summer. One last speedstar. Yeah, I noticed you limping. But don't worry about it, brah. Don't worry at all. We're not gonna land on land! Pure adrenalin, right?! The ultimate rush. Other guys snort for it, jab a vein for it -- all you gotta do is jump. Ever done this before? 'One shot stopping'... good, very good. I like you, Johnny. I like you because you'll sacrifice anything to win. I respect that. It elevates you a little above the drones who have learned compromise. Here, hold it. Check out the weight. News, last night... those guys, the Ex-Presidents... they robbed my bank yesterday. And I was just there the day before, cashing a check. See... look. Assured Trust... same place. The only way to win out here is to surrender. You have to feel what the wave is doing, accept its energy, get in sync. Just feel it all moving in the blackness... you don't need to see. I've watched you once or twice. You surf like it's some kind of street fight. You jerk along from moment to moment, fighting everything that comes at you. Always trying to win. Football's a man-made game. You keep score with numbers. But in this, there's no field, no rules, no opponent. Just you and the wave. Yeah, but are you crazy enough? No, Bells Beach, Australia. Only make bets I can't afford to lose. Only way to be 100% committed. Come with Tyler. She knows. De nada. No. So I was up the beach. I saw it going down. you didn't hesitate... they never backed you up an inch. That's rare in this world. They're punks. Nazis. Their brains are wired wrong. They hurt surfing because they give nothing back, and they have no respect for the sea. They just want to get radical. It's mindless aggression. They'll never get it, the spiritual side of it. The one you decked is Bunker Wiess. The big one is his brother, Warchild. The other two always hang. They think they're some kinda death squad around here. Mmm. A lawyer, huh? Too bad. But at least you're surfing now. So your life's not over yet, right? And that's why you never went pro? Something happened. You got nuked in the last quarter.Well is there anyone else here that might have seen him? You sure he isn't out back? You mind if I go take a look? Have you seen a little dog? Kind of a cockapoo lookin' thing. About this big. Harp, let me tell you something. I was an agent in this bureau when your mommy was still wiping your shinny pink ass, and you know one thing I learned in all those years that you still haven't? Look, Harp. Don't turn him over to the uniforms like some punk. Let me ride him in. Yeah, I get it. Time to play let's dick the old guys, huh, Harp? Cole and Munoz? I been on this case for two years. What? Now I'm working the drop car? Who's handling the scene here? Kid, get outta the way!! Figured you did. Nothing? They took a left at the next light! That place up the street has meatball sandwiches. Get me two. Time for lunch. Look, we handle it ourselves, for right now, okay? We cover the bank, whatever. You and me. That way if nothing happens, or more accurately, when nothing happens... I don't get my tits any further into the wringer than they already are. Sure. No problem. I'll just call up and tell him his favorite agent saw this one surfer moon another surfer yesterday and it looked real suspicious. Shit, he'll probably call out the National Guard. They're on their way to Maui. Last time you got a feeling I had to kill a man, which I always hate because it looks bad on the report. Did he rob it? This Zen master surfer. Johnny! Uh, you, uh... should call first, you know? Hey, where the hell were you all day? You gotta at least call in or something. You okay? Nice tattoo, Dietz. Awright. Get into position. I'm rolling. Cole and Munoz are going in the back door. Babbit is backing me. So I want you at the side window by the hedge. You're strictly backup, got it? Did that worthless punk partner of mine ever show up? He's pushing it through first thing. You better get some sleep tonight, it could be an interesting morning. Remember, all bank robbers are losers, but not all losers are bank robbers. Look, if you're gonna go leavin' your piece and your shield in the car, you can damn well stay in sight. Okay? Thanks, buddy. Patience hotshot. Patience. It'll be subtle, if it's here at all. No. But let's do it, anyway. It's gonna bug the shit out of Harp. Guy's the Toxic Avenger. Johnny, all I can say is we better come up with something real soon. What, you couldn't have just left the thing in your car? I think you gotta hit them straight on! It's all balance, right? And coordination. How hard can it be? They're like some kind of tribe. Got their own language. You can't just walk up to these guys. You've got to get out there. Learn some moves. Get into their head. Pick up the speech. Johnny, it's the only way. Another month and we don't see 'em again 'til next summer. Surfers use it on their boards. They rub sand into it for traction. The lab made three possible matches, this was one of 'em. Shutup, you might learn somethin' you're not careful... So last year Nixon scuffs a counter going over. There was a soil sample. Non- specific mud traces of asphalt, oils, blah, blah... sand and... carnuba wax. So I became a wax expert. There's 80 some uses for this stuff, something like five hundred products. The fucking punks are surfers. Yeah. That was thirty years ago anyway. L.A.'s changed a lot since then. The air got dirty and the sex got clean. So you want to nail the Ex- Presidents? Be a big hero? You watch your fucking mouth! Mr. Hoover himself pinned the Seal of Honor right here! Forget about it, kid. They're ghosts. Let the goddamn yuppie Mormon affirmative action assholes handle it. See I'm almost 55... so I must be senile, right? They better get me out before I start pissing myself in public. Drooling. It would look bad for the Bureau, right? You through, Mr. Wizard? Let me know if you find Jimmy Hoffa under the seat while you're at it. Hell, it's only 7:30. The night's still young... you can solve this case and start on another one. The Ex-Presidents are the best I've seen, kid. Reagan usually drives. Stolen switch car, they leave it running at the curb, looks parked from a distance. When they run, they dump the vehicle and vanish. And I mean vanish. Never go for the vault. They never get greedy. Yeah, they control the room well. Stick strictly to the cash drawers. Welcome to Sea World, kid. Pappas. Angelo Pappas. Added to which indignity, I got three months left to retirement and they saddle me with some blue-flamer fresh out of Quantico for a partner. Some quarterback punk, Johnny Unitas or something.I asked them to give me a couple minutes... I'm not FBI anymore. Jesus Christ, Bodhi! SHIT!! Pull it right now or I'll blow your fucking head off and pull it myself! No games, Bodhi. Pull the cord! Now!! What if your chute fails, Bodhi? Rescind the order. Let her off the hook, she's served her purpose. Do it, man, you owe me that much. Let me hear it before you check out. The guy you killed was an off duty cop! If you get out of here they'll nail you wherever you land. They have a new thing called radar. Maybe you've heard of it. Look, Bodhi man. People are dead. The ride is over. You gotta tell me where she is. Where's Roach? Good guess. There's a gun on you right now. I'm not armed. Bodhi, this is your wake up call, man -- I... am... an... Eff... Bee... Eye... Agent!! I can't do this. We're wasting time. You call him... right now... and tell him to let her go. Talk. You're a fucking dead man-- What's this? You first! You do it... you first! After you, Alfonse. I insist! Whoooaaah! Shhiiittt! Whoooaaah! We gonna jump or jerk off? You gotta earn trust. So, who... uh, who packed my chute? Sure, it's a blast, but listen, I sorta screwed up my knee yesterday-- Once. One shot stopping. How you figure? Yeah, right, vision is highly over- rated. A flaw I'm working on. I know that part. Tell me something I can use, here. I gotta be fucking crazy. So what's the biggest? Waimea? Don't you gamble? Where? Gonna be some people at my house tonight. Maybe you can make it. Thanks for stepping in. You always talk like this? You're not gonna start chanting or anything are you? What's their program? Friends of yours, huh? Not yet. Two years of surgery. I missed my window. Limped through law school instead. Yeah, my knee got folded about 90 degrees the wrong way. Take your hand off my shoulder right now. Caught my first tube this morning. The correct term is babes, sir. Uh, this type of undercover operation is entirely dependent on picking up the idiom of the speech. Otherwise penetration is not possible, sir. Of the social infrastructure, I mean. Babes. A little mushy. Fine. Not so far. Zero distortion, sir. 1322 last year in LA county. Up 26 percent from the year before. I take the skin off chicken. Sir? Yes, sir. NOOO!! Angelo! Don't fire! I know where they're going. Nothing. You sure?! The hell are they?! Angelo, it's eleven thirty. I say we don't call it in. Under no circumstance are we to call this in. I say we call it in. Get some backup. But you gotta do it. Harp won't listen to me. No way. Not yet. Come on. Angelo... I'm right this time. We can still win this one. Wait, wait. Then these guys go back to their beach house and box up all their shit. Load it in Bodhi's truck and take it to a public storage unit. You see? Summer's almost over. They're splitting. They're gonna pick up a little traveling money tomorrow. The next day at the outside latest. I got a feeling. Yeah, or cashing a check. Cute. He was inside for about 20 minutes. The other guy, Roach, waited in the truck. They were scoping it out, right?! Bodhi, yeah. I'm on him all day, right. He goes here, he goes there, he goes to Tower Records and buys come CDs, he has lunch at Patrick's Road House... ... he goes into the Assured Trust Savings and Loan. ... so I started tailing him. Angelo, we gotta talk. Aw shit. Got it. I'm ready to rock, Angelo. Where you want me? Right here, partner. When did Harp say they'd have the warrant? ... Felony B and E, three months in juvey. Better. Felony assault. Postgraduate work at Chino. Excellent. I'm lovin' it. What about the brother? Great! Another model citizen. These guys really fit the profile. Okay, Dad. No, but there are four guys back there you might check out. Big zippo so far. How about you? The beaches are always being closed because of waste spills, right? And surfers are territorial. They stick mostly to certain breaks. If we can get some hair samples, and get a match to a certain beach, we'd know which break the Ex-Presidents surf. You buyin' this? Angelo, pay attention. There's gonna be a test afterward. Lab is showing traces of toxins. PCBs. Heavy elements... selenium, titanium and arsenic. It sticks out, so I can't lock it. Look, Angelo, you think I joined the FBI to learn to surf? This was your lame-o idea in the first place. You gotta back me up on this. Got it... Angelo, this stuff is for little rubber people who don't shave yet. Why can't I just walk around with this thing under my arm and act stoned? Ask a few questions. ... Four months. June to October. Mmmm...same the year before. Thanks for the tip. I needed this knowledge. Sex wax? You're not into kinky shit, are you Angelo? Candle wax. Car wax. Mustache wax? Could be anything. Guy's waxing his mustache at the beach. Gets sand in it. Wipes it off with a shoe. Shoe scuffs the counter. Oh well he must be a surfer. Yeah. What's your theory? Sorry. So you're gonna coast to retirement, when you could nail these guys and go out with come dignity. Well, what're your ideas on these guys? Surgical. Look at them separate the dye packs. Dick and Ronny know their jobs. Smart. You burn time in the vault. They don't go for the vault? Good move. Punk. Quarterback Punk. The shit they pull, huh? I work bank robbery. Guys I'm after are surfers. I needed you, at first, but not-- Tyler, put the gun down. Never saw him, was your basic hit and run. You're kneeling on my hand. Ouch. No. I'm sorry. I have to go. I'll, uh... I'll call you later. I'm sorry. I... I gotta go. Warm them up. I... I don't know. I can't describe what I'm feeling. What? Yeah. I just want to sit out here for a minute. I can barely do this in broad daylight. What's goin' on? What are you talking about? Sure, he's "the Bodhisattva". Meaning you were expendable. Oh, oh. That sounds personal. Who's the girl? Nice place. Sure. I came out here from Ohio a month ago. Never saw the ocean before. I didn't think it would effect me so much. Like I'm drawn to it, or something. I want to do what you do. It's the truth. Wait, so I'm a big hero to my folks, right? But two years ago they got killed in a car wreck and I just suddenly realized all my goals had been their goals. And I hadn't been living my own life. So I wanted something for myself. Something that maybe didn't make any sense. You know what I mean? No, no. See, all my life I've done things for other people. In high school I played football because my old man expected me to. Then my parents always figured I'd go to law school, so I did. Football scholarship. Graduated Phi Beta Kappa-- Well, I'm just gonna go back out there till I catch on to it or break my neck. I'm serious. I need you to teach me. Shrimp and fries. Bye. I'm telling you so when you look back on this moment, you can think... there was this guy named Utah and he was pretty much a dork but maybe not such a bad person and I let him drown in conditions he had no business being in whatsoever... when I could have easily helped him. My name's Johnny Utah! Hey! Uh, how do I get back in? Well, I saw you and--Oh, Mother, not the castor oil. I am in awe of it, Mother. I know, Mother. They're filthy, Mother.Maybe it was eating all those rabbits that made you sexy, Rose. What was your mother like? Well, that doctor said you got protein somewhere and I guess he was right. How did the rabbits kill him? Five hundred rabbits? They're dumb things. I got tired of them. What are you going to do, Rose? Okay. I gotta find out what they're saying. You lie back and rest, Rose, and I'll give you a report on it. You won't die, Rose. Rose, you are just entirely too uncritical of people. Yeah, I'd believe it. Rose, I have got doubts about that doctor and so does Daddy. He did? Rose, you are too uncritical of people. Rose, if you don't keep your boyfriends away from the house, Daddy is going to fire you. Rose, you must know who the fellow is. Yeah. Here comes Daddy. You're going to get yourself up and go out? Rose, they could stick splinters under my fingernails, and I will never say a word! I will never tell them, because... I love you! I said I wouldn't. Good night, Rose. Don't worry, Rose, I won't tell a soul. Rose, are you all right? Are you sick or something? But why, if I'm not hurting you? Am I hurting you? But Rose... I'm thirteen. And I have a natural curiosity. It's only nature, Rose, that's all. Now what's wrong with nature, huh? Yes, I do. Please, Rose, be a good sport. Please, Rose. I'm curious, that's all, I have a natural curiosity, it's only human. You're my friend, aren't you? Don't you like me? I like you, Rose, a lot -- in fact, I love you. Can't I touch it a little, Rose -- not a lot, just a little? Yeah, but satisfaction brought him back. Can I? I'm curious to see what it's like. I'm very curious, Rose. Rose, since you're here in bed with me and everything and I've already touched your titty... Rose, I have a serious favor to ask you. There's an evil streak in everybody, Rose. Well, some fiend might. It was softer'n I thought, that was my main impression. You know, if you hit a girl there it would hurt her a lot. That was very interesting. Thank you, Rose. First I couldn't feel it, but now I feel it easily, it's like a little acorn. Hmmph. It has a nipple, all right. Aw, be a good sport, Rose. You like me, don't you? I like you a lot. Aw, come on, Rose, I want to see what the nipple on it is like. Just for a second. Please, Rose, what's the harm? But I'm curious, Rose. Rose, can't I see what the nipple on it is like? Can I put my hand inside your nightgown, Rose? Actually, I am, though. There's some kind of gristle in it, though. Well, I thought they were more like a cantaloupe. Hmmm, it's soft. It's awful soft. But, Rose, how could such a thing as that happen? But, Rose, what is the cause of it all? You were pretty bad, huh? What'd you do, Rose? What is it, Rose? Well, all right. No, I'm awake. What's the matter? Well, it's only the truth. There are horrible things in the world, Rose. He really did, he ate his little niece. He made pork chops out of her. There was this old man that ate his niece. Hey, Rose, did you hear about that terrible thing down in Cave Springs? Was that what they tried to do? Was that why Daddy gave you the job, to save you from those scoundrels? Did they try to induce you to become a prostitute? In what sense were they bad? But who were they? Rose, who were those scoundrels in Birmingham? Sure. Let me take your suitcase. Lots of things. Buddy, mostly. Oh, Waski, you don't even know what we're talking about. Quiet, you little muddy-eyed brat, or Ill kill you! All right, what do you know? Oh, Waski, you don't know anything. Oh, Waski, you don't even know what we're talking about. I heard you talking. Hasn't Rose come in? Daddy, what's the matter? Well... maybe... Well, I don't know. No, I don't know, Daddy, I think the rain has obscured it. But how would you find him? Well, it's not very plain. I don't know. But you better watch him like a hawk, if he comes back again. Yeah, he's still up there. I don't know. No. Why should Rose be in my room? Well, yeah. Well, a little. I'll be right back. Excuse me, gotta go to bathroom. Heh, what a hypocrite. She's getting herself up to go out. I think she's coming down the hall now. She's getting herself up to go out. Yes, I did, mother. Your hearing aid isn't working right. I said ahhh-dam stuff. I said ahhh-dam stuff. Uhhh, gahdam stuff! Geccch, yehh, guhhhh! Mother, cant you make it calomel instead of castor oil? Mother, I have to tell the truth. I wasn't reading Huckleberry Finn, I was reading one of those Little Dirty Comic Books. In the kitchen drinking all the ice water in Glenville. She walked out here, she didn't go by the hotel. You mean confirmed, Mother. I didn't confirm it before. I would have had to confirm it previously, in order for it to be reconfirmed. She talks a great deal and smiles a lot. She's very pretty, she has a real good figure. She's very girlish or womanish, if you know what I mean. She wouldn't hurt anybody, this girl. She couldn't. The new girl is here. Here comes Daddy. That's the least of her troubles. Rose had a rare tropic disease and the little tubes in her that babies swim down are all stopped up, she told me all about it. Rose says she's goin' to have a baby and she sure looks it, but I don't think so. Sense doesn't mean anything to Rose. But I think we're on safe ground now. Daddy chained up the ladder, whoever it is can't get in the house. Doll, don't ask childish questions. Mother is struggling desperately. In fact she's fighting like a tiger. But I don't know, it's close, it's mighty close. They've been in there the longest kind of time. I can't stand it, I gotta find out what's going on. Dumbness doesn't concern her, Doll. And neither does smartness. You see -- It isn't that she hasn't got any sense, Doll. Her basic intelligence is probably above average, maybe quite a bit above average. So am I. Chattanooga. I had St. Louis, Missouri. Shut up, Doll. I'll cut your guts Wonderful? He kissed her and played with her titty, and I don't see anything so great about that. He was probably afraid Mother would come back early and catch him. You shouldn't watch such things, Doll. She's putting the titty back. Let me look. Aww-rr... Is that all? What are they doing, Doll? What are they doing? Now I can't see. What are they doing? He's trying to get up -- good God, one of her titties is out! This is my place and you can't have it. They're discussing it. At least. Let's go peep from the living room. There goes Mother. Yeah. It's really pitiful. She's in bad shape. No, he doesn't. Not really. It's pitiful. Neither one of them know. Daddy says Rose is calm as lettuce. Do you believe that, Doll? Rose is almost as sentimental as Mother. If there's one thing I can't stand it's sentimentality. In Chattanooga this man committed an almost perfect murder. He killed his wife with a black widow spider.No, she hasn't. I think I hear a car. She's got somebody in there, Brother! His shoes are on the back porch -- there they were, naked and smiling at me! Rose, open this door immediately! Open that door, damn you! And there's only one reason anybody would want this ladder -- to get up into Rose's bedroom in the dark of night! I am going to chain up this ladder and padlock it! -- and that is not all I am going to do! See, son? The paint is flaked off here, freshly. Look at it, Brother, there is no question about it. Some person or persons unknown have very recently tampered with this ladder. True, but if you look sharply you can see that those marks are the marks of a ladder. Now let's go back to the garage and see if the ladder has been tampered with. Well. Well, what I mean is, you could prove it was his shoes if you did catch him. But look this, Brother, it is even more interesting. Look at this mark here, and that mark over there. Now wouldn't you say those marks are the marks of a ladder? That is because it rained recently, the rain has obscured the evidence. But you could still take plaster casts of these footprints, then match up the plaster casts with whosever shoes they are, and that way you could catch him -- understand? See that, son? Now this is a heel, see, and there, that's the ball of a foot. Someone has been walking here. He's not coming back again. We scared the rascal off, son. Come on back to supper. Your mother has a theory about how to educate Rose. What do you think, Brother? What's taking the rascal so long? Is that Doctor still up there, Brother. The girl strikes like a cobra. I never saw anything like it. How did she pick him up so fast? Son, was Rose in your room last night? Reading dirty comic bocks. And you admitted it? You were up late last night, Brother. Now look, boy, get a grip on yourself. Rose had a good life. She found her. Right, didn't she? She triumphed over everything, what are you blubbering about? Nobody lives forever, boy. Who'd want to? It's true, son. The girl with the cornflower eyes is dead, she is no more, I know. You loved her. So did I. It was an awful shock to me, too. An awful shock. Rose was so alive it's hard to believe. She was fifty-six, son. Of course she didn't look it, nowhere near it. The cancer came back, I'm afraid I fibbed about that. But it was very quick, son. She was in the hospital only two weeks, and the last week she didn't know anything. I am afraid so, son. About a week ago. Her husband phoned me, she had asked him to call me if anything happened. No, son, she is dead. I'm older than hell, boy. But this Yankee whisky is mighty fine, I'll say that. Not for long, boy. I've outstayed my welcome already. A wonderful woman, boy. At rest in the creative universe with Mother, son. Yes, I guess he did. He threw her away and it was the mistake of his life. Yeah, I know, he was up here. It's pitiful like you say. When he lost Rose it ruined the man, it destroyed him totally when he lost Rose. Um-hmm, and I suppose that incensed you? No, it's another thing. I was going to write you about it, but since you were coming down anyway I thought I'd wait till you got here. What did Dave Wilkie have to say? Oh, no, no, she got all over that. Rose is fine. Let's sit down, son. Oh, I heard from her, I got a letter from her, she's fine. But there is some sad news. How could that be, son? Got another twenty years in it, boy. By the way, son, do you recall Rose, that pretty blonde girl who came to our house way back in 1935 or 1936 and caused such a damnable commotion. Are they polar bears, too? Your wife and children are back in New Hampshire in the snow? It's Yankee whisky to me. About as good as can be expected with one foot in the grave. Good to see you, son. Did you bring any of that Yankee whisky with you? Well, you rascal, where'd you come from? Yes, we know her. Of course. Please do. I am ahead of you. Go on, Doctor. Go ahead, Doctor, I think I am following you. Well, if it isn't malignant and she can get through the operation all right, it might be better than her really being pregnant. She doesn't even know who the father might have been. Well, it's a disaster. I don't know what to say, Doctor, I am floored. How dangerous is the operation? That's all I want to know. Lets get out of here before I get the epizootics myself. Thank you, Doctor, for your discourse, it was fascinating, no doubt. Honey, he is Mr. Right. Well, thank God we are rid of her at last. And the best thing of all is that she's happy. The little nut is happy, she found Mr. Right in the nick of time! You know Dave, his wife used to do dressmaking for you before she died. Why, that looks like Dave Wilkie, I'm afraid it's my fault. I made her feel guilty this morning -- Brother, what are you doing up? It's twenty after one. Fine. Well, I know, more so. That's why I was thinking... maybe she'd be better off. Well, I... I hadn't thought about it that much. I was thinking... well, it's an idea, the girl is oversexed, and... Well, now, darlin'... give me a chance to defend myself. Reluctantly, I do. It would be a blessing to her and everyone else. The girl is oversexed and I say -- spay her! Honey, that's no way to talk to the Doctor, he's merely doing his job, dear. I am poleaxed and in a non compos mentis condition. I wash my hands or the whole thing. She doesn't have to take her panties off, we can see her stomach with 'em on. All she has to do is pull up her dress and let us see her belly. I forgot that Rose will lie like a child. She's no more pregnant than I am, she just doesn't want to go to that farm! Ah, ha! Hold the phone! No forwarding address, huh? In the shock of this brilliant move, I forgot something. She already told you, she doesn't know. You're not going to get anywhere with that line of questioning. The problem is, what are we going to do? This is a total catastrastroke. As of this moment I am stumped, I admit, I am stumped and treed both, the hound dogs have me surrounded. Trickery and flummery or not, she's going there tomorrow on the bus! It's settled! And I must say we've been more than fair to you, Rose, it's pretty selfish and mean hearted of you to sit there and cry like that! I don't give a hoot in hell's hollow what it means to her! She can't stay in this house forever! I fired her, damn it! Just a minute, Rose, you don't understand. This isn't a dirt farm like the one you were born on, it's nice. A neighbor of Cousin Hop's, I talked to him on the phone, a fine man... it's not a farm, damn it, it's a beautiful dairy establishment! Stop crying, Rose! Do you hear me? Stop crying, it's ideal! Something has got to be done or Rose is going to be in this house forever. Her plan is obvious, plain as day. She's going on a hunger strike. The question is, how do we foil her? No, she doesn't, she's fine, fine. She's perfectly healthy, don't give her ideas. The hell we can't. It has been three weeks since I "fired" her. Is there no way to get rid of this girl? Are we stuck with her for life? Just a moment, dear. We can't have it, Rose. Can you behave yourself -- or not? That is the question, to behave or not to behave, to suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous chastity and keep your skirt down or to hoist it in the light of the moon and make whoopee -- that is the coil shuffling question. If you can't behave I am going to fire you and I say it in front of you and Mrs. Hillyer and I mean it. I point my rigid finger right at your nose, Rose, and I stare unwaveringly into your big blue eyes and I tell you... this is a final warning. Do you hear me? Um-hmm. Come with me, Brother. I want to show you something. I don't care where the polecat studied. Rosebud looked pretty pitiful in that bed. I hope she'll be all right, but I still think we ought to fire her. He's a polecat, dear. I can't stand that polecat. They ought to hang him. Excuse me, sir, are you calling my wife a liar? Darlin', Rose has got to go! They follow her because she's a -- -- no, I won't say that. Well, I have a pretty good idea. Now look, darlin', this is no time to go off into the fourth dimension. That is exactly what I'm afraid of. The girl has got to go, darlin'. It's because of the children she's got to go. I don't want to be holier-than-thou, but the girl doesn't have the same outlook we do. Morals don't mean a thing to her, not a thing, and we can't have a girl like that in this house. I'm sorry, darlin', I hate it as much as you do. I said I don't intend to fire her. I just want to ask her to keep her boy friends away from my home and hearth, that's all. I don't intend to fire her, darlin'. Now you listen to me, Rose -- I don't intend to mock you, dear. I respect your philosophy. It's beyond my comprehension, but I respect it. Now darlin', what has the South got to do with this? Boys? You say to me boys? -- I am not responsible for her epizootics and I did not bring about her epizootics. Now listen to me. When I have to get up in the middle of the night and defend my home with a shotgun against a couple of damned scoundrels fistfighting in the bushes -- Darlin', it is not my fault if the girl has epizootics -- I am not being brutal to her! Oh, shut up, Rose. Shut your mouth and quit crying! Rose, I realize you don't know this boy, but if you know anybody who does know him, if you have even a faint clue as to who he might be, then convey to him that he had better stay away from my house and stop scaring my wife... and I don't mean maybe. Rose, my patience is wearing thin. First a scruffy man who runs like a deer and now a sulky boy who wont go away. This is getting to be a regular monkey and dog show. Yes, darlin', time will tell. Forgive my crudity, darlin'. All I'm saying is that a girl who would wear clothes like that is going to get in trouble sooner or later. No reason at all, darlin'. I don't see any bruises or broken bones. Quarter of twelve. Well, she's back. Yes, of course. You are the one who's good-hearted. As for Rose, let's hope for the best. Well, she loves children, all right. She loves everybody. That farmer in Gadsden was awful eager to get rid of her, and I'm beginning to see why. She will succeed. The girl worries me. If she walks down the street like that, an army will be following her. Just half-a-cup of coffee. I never eat, darlin', you know that. Not eating and reverse insomnia are my curses. Let's go, Rose, you and Brother, let's hit the road. Who doesn't have such thoughts? We'd better get going. They'll put her in jail. The damn little fool might as well be naked. I'll take him with me downtown. And you, too, Rose, if you want a ride. Lay off of that stuff, son. It upsets your mother. Um-hmm. Well, that is the damndest outfit I ever saw in my life. You walk down the street like that and they'll put you in jail, Rose. No, darlin'. Just that damnable insomnia in reverse. I sleep like a baby for an hour then I'm wide awake. You go back to sleep. All right, darlin'. I'll drive you, darlin'. You've got no business behind the wheel of an automobile. You don't think about what you're doing and you'll run into a telephone pole. You're a wonderful woman, darlin'. As long as you're around, I'm sure the sun wouldn't dare go out. Forgive my crudity, darlin'. I don't understand these deeper things the way you do. All right, darlin', don't go off into the fourth dimension. I love Rosebud, I am wild about Rosebud. I just hope she doesn't turn out to be a hidden hotcha character, that's all. We have growing children in the house. Well, let's hope for the best, darlin'. Well, she must have done something to encourage those scoundrels in Birmingham, even if she did run away from them. Well, I'll admit I don't see any flies on her yet. Um-hmm. Almost too perfect. I asked you what you think of Rosebud, now that she's been here a while. Your hearing aid, it's buzzing at me like a snake. Turn up your hearing aid. What do you think of her, honey? How goes it, darlin'? Good morning, sweetheart. Beautiful day. Well, well, well. So Miss Rosebud has arrived. Un-hmm. And you're all assembled here. Yes, indeed. Un hmmm. Nothing, Rose. Rose... I hate to be mean, but... Oh, nevermind, forget it. Well, we know you were there. The bill that hospital sent was absolutely horrendous. You're looking very chipper this morning, Rose. Sow do you feel? All right, damn it. We've seen you with your clothes off around here, stand up and pull up your dress and let's take a look! I don't believe it. All right, tell us, Rose, what makes you think you're pregnant? No, you're not. Good God almighty. This is a catastrophe, they won't hire her. Your baby? What baby? What baby? What baby are you speaking about? What? No, no, not exactly. It isn't a farm in the sense that it's a farm. Not at all. It's a... dairy establishment. You'll 1ike it! I'm sure you'll like it because it's so... peaceful! Ahh-hh, you'll like it. It's a fine, outdoor-type job. Yes, Tennessee, a lovely state! Well, I have got news! I called long distance and spoke to Cousin Hop and you'll be glad to know, Rose, I have found you a job! God forbid. You're not sick, Rose, forget it. Don't get any notions in your head, you're not sick. Mmm. Would you get me another half a-cup of coffee, dear? Well, Rose, going out to look for a job today? Rose, darlin', you break my heart. But I am only a human man myself of the father variety. Rose, pack your bag, baby, as of this moment you are hired, mired and fired. Ye gods and little fishes, a fireman. Put on some clothes, Rose, you're naked as a jay bird. When you're dressed, come on downstairs. I'm afraid your friend Billy is injured, where are his clothes? Well, it was a silly question. And what, may I ask, was Billy doing here? And who, Rose, may I ask, is that? Where is he? Where have you got him hid? Ah, ha! I mean a human investment, Rose, we care about you, you matter to us. But we have innocent and unformed children in this house and the monkey and dog show has got to stop. Do you hear me? I will see you at suppertime, Rose. I have to go back to the hotel. I'm on duty at the desk and who knows a quest might arrive. I will see you at suppertime, Rose. That's all you've got to say, you've got a bad cold? Umm. Well. Yes. But no more strange voices in the night, Rose. Well, I know it, I just got the bill for it. Good morning, Rose. And how do you feel today? All right, thanks to her, and thanks to this case of epizootics, you are getting another chance. But don't try my patience again. We have growing children in this house. Do you understand me? Darlin', I'll take a taxi to the hotel. You and Brother can handle the girl's epizootics. I'll just say one more thing. Rose, I told you you had a friend in Mrs. Hillyer, didn't I, that she would fight for you like a tiger? Oh, shut up, Rose, eat your cornflakes! Now Rose, stop behaving as if you're Bo Peep. Those men had a flight last night because of some female in this house, and it wasn't Dolly or Mrs. Hillyer. Strange voices, Rose? Well, Rose, my sleep was a little disturbed last night, and so was Mrs. Hillyer's, and so was the children's. How about you? Was your sleep disturbed, too? Is this ill right? You don't know where you're going? Where do you want me to let you out, Rose? You were up late last night, too, Rose. What have you got in your hair, girl? How can the buttons stand the pressure? That's a pretty stylish skirt, Rose. The only thing I don't understand is how did you ever get it on. Um-hmmuhh. I never drink a whole cup, my nerves can't stand the caffeine. Ehh-hh, Lord awful insomnia in reverse last night. Lay there and sweated blood for hours. If you've got time before you go "out," get me a half-a-cup of coffee, Rose. Not a whole cup, a half-a-cup. Got yourself up? Well, good night. Is anything wrong? Rose, what are you doing up? Do you know what a friend you have got there? Do you know she would fight for you like a tiger, that she would fly to your defense in an instant with all the courage in her soul if anyone tried to hurt you? Is this any way to repay her trust and love? Are you ashamed as I am ashamed? Don't cry, honey, don't cry. But let me warn you, damn your hide, this is Thermopylae and I am standing here. Do you hear me, damn you. I am standing at Thermopylae and the Persians shall not pass! Now get your tail out of here and go wash those dishes, and stop crying! Rose, Rose, Rose, you poor miserable little child, don't you know I love you? Do I have to put my hand on your body or kiss your pretty lips to prove it? You are beautiful to me, Rose, I've loved you since you first came here, darlin'. And don't you know Mrs. Hillyer loves you, too, that she's already taken you into her heart, and that that woman's heart is as wide as the blue sky itself and as deep as the stars? Goddamn you, girl! You've made me make a fool out of myself, damn your hide, but let me tell you I am standing at the pass of Thermopylae and I won't budge! The very idea, my own home with children in the house, to say nothing of my wife -- oh-h, you had better believe I am standing at Thermopylae, you little nut, you had better believe it! What are you, crazy? A man is supposed to be a fool like this, but a woman is supposed to have some control and sense! Are you a nitwit? What's the matter with you? Calm down, Rose, let's calm down and discuss it ... All right, all right. Now calm down, Rose, the children will hear you. Calm down, let's talk... about this thing, let's discuss it. Why, I'm not going to kiss you, you crazy girl. Now I'm telling you again, get off my lap. Come on, Rose, get up. Now you get up, I say, and stop this! Ahh-hem! Now, Rose, get off my lap. What are you doing, girl? Are you crazy? Rosebird Baby, you are the light of my life, darlin'. How did we ever get by without you? Rosebaby Blossom, these are the most delicious candied yams I ever ate! Why, they just melt in my mouth. And this fried chicken is fit for a king. How do you do it, Peachbird? What is the secret of your art, Plum Blossom, huh? All right. Now as head of this household I have a couple of remarks to make. It is my dear wife's belief, which I accept although I do not totally grasp it, that to hire a person to do household work is a criminal practice. Therefore, you are here not as a servant, you are here as a friend, as a guest and hopefully as a member of this family. You will eat your meals with us, you will share life itself with us -- in love and harmony, dear Rosebud, in love and harmony. Do you understand me?Oh, to hell with it, never mind. Don't tell her anything. Don't even tell her you saw me. Got to run, Buddy, I'll miss my plane. You might see her. She writes your Daddy, and she and that doctor came to see him, didn't they? I wish you'd tell her something... I never could write letters. Ah-h, if you happen to run into Rose sometime... do me a favor, give her a message for me, will you? Well, got to get a plane to Savannah. Great running into you, Buddy. Give my best to your Daddy. She used to call me Mr. Right. Remember that, Buddy? You loved her, didn't you. Well, so did I. You'll have to admit she had four husbands. I don't want to start no fight with you, Buddy. Why do you say I'm full of shit? She didn't marry him, though, later she married another guy and went to Winston-Salem. It didn't last That girl couldn't have no lastin' marriage, she left him and married another dumb sucker and went out west. Little bitch left him, too, and you know what she's married to right now? A kike. That's right, some kind of kike horse doctor named Schapiro out in Seattle, who's got the nerve to have the same first name I got. Wouldn't you know it, Rose would wind up married to a goddamn kike? She was always out of her friggin' head and I'll tell you why. Buddy, she was sick in her mind and between her legs, too. She was a nymphomaniac. She's te reason -- cured me of women once and for all. Oh, I got rid of her, Buddy, I didn't waste no time kickin' that bitch out. Hell, she was screwin' everybody in Savannah. I caught her in a motel with this long tall son of a bitch and boy did I beat the everlastin' piss out of him! Doubted my ability all along, the little bitch. I never remarried, Buddy, you know that, don't you? That's correct -- outside it, not in it. As for the job, well, the Jewboy suppliers give me a lot of grief and we use a pile of niggers to haul and tote and they ain't worth a sorry-ass damn. But I can build anything, Buddy. Give me the plans and I can build a goddamn staircase to the moon. It's a fact, I can build anything... ... but she never believed that. Oh, hell, no, she never believed in me. Near Alexandria. It isn't in Alexandria, it is outside it. Took your time gettin' here. Hey, girl! Hey, you, give us another drink! Dumb little bitch, supposed to give us two in the first place. Heh heh heh heh, same old Buddy, always jokin' around. Almost as much of a joker as your Daddy. I saw your Daddy a coupla years ago, I was up in Glenville lookin' at a motel site. I guess that's where you're headed, huh, to see him? I don't mean that the way it sounds. Imagine it, a book. And I used to know you personal way back when. Tell me something, Buddy, how do you dream up all that stuff? How about that. Well, you always were a screwball. Galley what? Ha ha, course you make a lot more. What's that you got there, Buddy? Oh, it's all right, beats Jew York. But the niggers have took it over, just like every other city we got, only worse. Well, I am in the construction business, Buddy, and without braggin' I have done real good at it. There are those who wouldn't have expected that out of me. Right now I'm buildin' a giant motel unit near Alexandria, outside Washington, D.C. Not fi-nance, I'm on the construction side. It's Dave Wilkie! I'm Dave Wilkie, don't you remember me? Awww-rr, Buddy, come on, you know me!I think we both know her. I have of course observed the girl in treating her. Then... may I speak quite frankly with you, Mr. Hillyer? First, about the girl's history. Evidently she's been very promiscuous since early childhood, she has no control over her sexual impulses. Furthermore, she is permanently barren, she can't have children. Oh, it's definitely better, beyond question. A fatherless child, an ignorant girl with no job, no money, no home. It's fortunate, a blessing really, and a stroke of good luck for another reason I want to mention to you. Any major operation is dangerous. However, as we know from her previous illness, she's a very strong girl. The point is you don't grow up like that on a diet of sorghum and hominy grits. She got protein somewhere, she's a very strong girl and I think she'll live... despite the delay in medical treatment. Actually of course I won't operate, I don't do major surgery. Dr. Hardy will operate and of course he'll be guided by your wishes in this respect. Yes, I understand you, but you have misunderstood me completely. Illusions, Madam? Mrs. Hillyer, this girl is sick in more ways than one. She is an extreme psychoneurotic with uncontrollable sexual impulses. It would be a mercy to spare her the suffering she causes herself and others. Therefore I recommend as a therapeutic measure the removal of her second ovary. It is ethically and medically the only proper decision in this case and I suspect your husband agrees with me. I am thinking particularly of the other ovary. As a rule I don't believe in removing it. The woman's hormonal system is profoundly disturbed, she is subject to possibly serious depression, she loses many of her secondary sexual characteristics for example, her breasts might shrink and become flabby, facial hair might appear along with a coarsening of the features, and of course her sexual drive is greatly diminished, especially in a girl or young woman. For these reasons I am opposed to removing the other ovary, as a rule. Do you follow me? I'm sorry the truth nauseates you, Mrs. Hillyer, because before you leave there's a bit more of it I'd like to put to you. This operation provides a therapeutic opportunity that I feel is quite important in regard to this particular girl, who suffers not only from an ovarian cyst but from a certain psychoneurotic condition as well. She's an adult, Mrs. Hillyer, I was merely giving her the facts. We make our own lives, Madam. As for malignancy, I don't think so, it's very unlikely. I probably shouldn't have even mentioned that possibility to her. Don't worry, Madam, she can't infect your dear little kiddies. She long ago fully recovered, but the disease did irreparable damage. The girl is permanently barren. I'm not surprised you thought she was pregnant. An ovarian cyst can look very much like pregnancy. But it was pure wishful thinking on her part. The girl can never have children, she had gonorrhea at fifteen and it was untreated. Let me be the judge of that, Madam. I beg your pardon, epi-zoo-tics? Do you mean "epi-zoo-ot-tics," an animal epidemic? It's simply that I find it incredible, Mr. Hillyer. Aside from the girl's illness at the moment, she is very strong, a very healthy specimen of a young human female -- and a comely one, too. She must have gotten protein somewhere as a young child, if only sporadically. Exactly, and that's why she couldn't possibly have come from such a farm. A tenant farm? Are you trying to tell me that girl is a product of the hookworm and pellagra belt? Afraid of the hospital? Of course she does and I must say I'm puzzled by your delay in getting her to the hospital. I should think ordinary powers of observation would have suggested to you that she was seriously ill. Well, Mrs. Hillyer, the girl is strong as an ox and that is what is keeping her alive. But not many people walk away from double pneumonia, Madam, not many.I'm not blubbering. That's a hell of a thing to say. Why, Rose? Why Rose? Why Rose, Daddy? I can't believe it, Daddy. I know it must be true, but I can't believe it. Well, you have knocked me for a hell of a loop, old man. A hell of a loop. Excuse me, I'll be right back. But... but how? She was young! Rose wasn't old! Dead, Rose is dead? You mean... she died? All right, Daddy. We have our drink, we're out on the patio, you have prepared me for it. Rose's cancer has come back, hasn't it? It's funny you would mention Rose, I was thinking about her all the way up in the car. Or maybe it isn't so funny. It always gives me a funny feeling to come home. Dear old Southland. Gone. It's all gone, Daddy -- -- except you, you're still here. That's what she would say herself. You know, I don't know this town any more. All this traffic, new buildings, prosperity... Where have the years gone, Daddy? Where is the little town I knew as a boy? He didn't lose her, he threw her away. You're damn right it incensed me, the miserable bastard. He also said the kikes and the niggers have taken over Washington. D.C. The pitiful son of a bitch said Rose was a nymphomaniac. Is her husband sick or something? What sad news? Did her cancer come back? What's all this about Rose? What do you mean, you heard from her in a manner of speaking? Dave Wilkie of all people was sitting by me on the plane -- her first husband. It's funny you would mention Rose. Did you hear from her? Of course I recall Rose. In fact I've been thinking of no one else for the last hour and a half. Good God, the way you live here. This place hasn't been dusted since Mother died. Look at that goddamned refrigerator. Yeah, they're in the snow. I can use a drink after the plane ride I had. It isn't Yankee whisky, Daddy, it's Scotch. Hello, Daddy. How are you? What do you want me to tell her, Dave? Dave, I haven't seen Rose for years. Yeah, I'll do that, Dave. Yeah, I remember it. Yeah, it took her a while to grow up and find Mr. Right, but she did it. She found him. Dave Schapiro is no horse doctor and Rose has been a good wife to him for a long time. To call her a nymphomaniac is the most stupid thing I ever heard in my life. Dave, you are as full of shit as a Christmas turkey and you know it. Now if you want to start a fight on this plane and get yourself in jail, go right ahead. But I am telling you, you are full of shit right up to your eyeballs. Well, no, I didn't actually. Um-m, well... I see. Outside it. Tell me about that job in Alexandria, Dave, the big motel you're building. She has other things to do, Dave. That's right, Dave, I'm headed for Glenville on a whisperin' jet. Well, actually, we have a little black boy named Her---t who lives in the garage. He does it for me. Oh, yeah? Page proof of a book I'm working on. Galley proof. Well, that's interesting, Dave. I always liked Washington, it's a pretty town. Oh. Oh, God. Of course, Dave, how are you? Well, I... I... ah-h, let's see... Excuse me... your voice is familiar and I'm sure I know you from somewhere...I order you not to! Don't do it. Please... don't go -- No, no no!! It'll be okay. Stay with us! No! Will it melt in there? Is it dead? What? Where you going?! Remember what I said, you can't... I don't care!! There's gotta be another way. Haven't you learned anything?! Haven't you figured out why you can't kill people? I don't care. We've gotta stop her. Drive faster. Yeah, gotta be! Miles Dyson! She's gonna blow him away! I guess, yeah -- Oh shit!! "No fate." No fate but what we make. My father told her this... I mean I made him memorize it, up in the future, as a message to her -- Never mind. Okay, the whole thing goes "The future is not set. There is no fate but what we make for ourselves." Alriight!! My man! Uh-unh, no, it's different... It's when there's nothing wrong with you but you hurt anyway. You get it? You mean people? I don't know. We just cry. You know. When it hurts. Yeah. I guess so. My mom says when I'm, like, 45, I think, I send him back through time to 1984. But right now he hasn't even been born yet. Man, is messes with your head. Where's that other bolt? Thanks. Mom and him were only together for one night, but she still loves him, I guess. I see her crying sometimes. She denies it totally, of course. Like she says she got something in her eye. Here. I wish I coulda met my real dad. You don't feel any emotion about it one way or the other? Not even of dying? Yeah, I thought you'd like this place. We're not gonna make it, are we? People, I mean. Yeah. Smile. You know. People smile, right? Watch. And that's another thing. You could lighten up a bit, yourself. This severe routine is getting old. Smile once in a while. That's great! See, you're getting it. Yeah, or "later, dickwad." Or if someone gets upset you say "chill out." Like that. Or you can do combinations. It someone comes off to you with an attitude, you say "eat me"... if you wanna shine them on, it's "Hasta la vista, baby". No, no, no. You gotta listen to the way people talk. See, you don't say like "Affirmative" or some shit like that. You say... no problemo. How long do you live? I mean, last? Does it hurt? Cool. Just say "I swear I won't kill anyone." Swear. Now remember, you're not gonna kill anyone, right? You just can't, okay? Trust me on this. Whattaya mean, why? 'Cause you can't! Listen to me, very carefully, okay? You're not a terminator any more. Alright? You got that? You can't just go around killing people! Jesus... you were gonna kill that guy! Prove it... stand on one foot. You have to do what I say?! Oww! Why'd you do that? Yeah, well fuck you, she's a priority to me! TERMINATED!? Shit! Why didn't you tell me? We gotta right now! Oh, great. And what happens to her? We spent a lot of time in Nicaragua... places like that. For a while she was with this crazy ex-Green Beret guy, running guns. Then there were some other guys. She'd shack up with anybody she could learn from. So then she could teach me how to be this great military leader. Then she gets busted and it's like... sorry kid, your mom's a psycho. Didn't you know? It's like... everything I'd been brought up to believe was just made-up fantasy, right? I hated her for that. But everything she said was true. We gotta get her out of there. Well, why doesn't become a bomb or something to get me? Like it could disguise itself as anything... a pack of cigarettes? I need a minute here, okay? You're telling me it can imitate anything it touches? Max. You sure? Can I stop by my house? Where we going? Radical. What does that mean? So this other guy? He's a terminator too, right, like you? Yeah? Who sent you? This in intense. Get a grip, John. Okay, uh... you're not here to kill me... I figured that part out for myself. So what's the deal? Holy shit... you're really real! I mean... whoah! You're, uh... like a machine underneath, right... but sort of alive outside? No way! Now don't take this the wrong way, but you are a terminator, right? Yeah, she's a total loser. C'mon, let's check out the 7-Eleven, whatya say? Actually, no, she's a complete psycho. That's why she's up at Pescedero. She tries to blow up a computer factory, but she got shot and arrested. Easy money! Gimme that Phillips right there. SHOOT!!!! Ready to rock? I got it. Piece of cake. Mom, Mom, we need to be more constructive here. I don't see this as a gender-related issue. She's still tense. We still have to figure out how to stop it all from happening. Right? I know, Mom. I know. It's okay. It'll by okay. We'll figure it out. Uh huh. Mom? You okay? Yeah. Drag, huh? Look, Mom, if I'm supposed to ever be this great leader, you should start listening to my leadership ideas once in a while. 'Cause if you won't, nobody else will. But it's the only proof we have to the future... about the war and all that. Alright, it! We need it! No! Don't kill him!Let me try mine. No one must follow your work. Now listen to me very carefully. Do you have bandages? It must end here... or I am the future. I have to go away, John. I'm sorry, John. Yes. Throw it in. Terminated. We don't have much time. Drive for a minute. Trust me. I'll deal with the police. Killing Dyson might actually prevent the war. The T-1000 has the same files that I do. It could anticipate this move and reacquire you at Dyson's house. This is tactically dangerous. Dyson. She intends to change the future somehow. No problemo. No. Pain causes it? Why do you cry? You will. Torque wrench please. No. I have to stay functional until my mission is complete. Then it doesn't matter. No. Excellent. It is in your nature to destroy yourselves. Smile? No problemo. Chill out, dickwad. "Hasta la vista, baby"? Affirmative. A hundred and twenty years on my existing power cell. I sense injuries. The data could be called pain. Everything. What? Right. Why? Why? Of course. I'm a terminator. That is one of my mission parameters. You told me to. Negative. She is not a mission priority. Typically, the subject being copied is terminated. Negative. The T-1000's highest probability for success now would be to copy Sarah Connor and wait for you to make contact with her. It can't form complex machines. Guns and explosives have chemicals, moving parts. It doesn't work that way. But it can form solid metal shapes. No. Only an object of equal size. Anything it samples by physical contact. I'm right here. I'm fine. What's the dog's name? I would. Negative. The T-1000 will definitely try to reacquire you there. We have to leave the city, immediately. And avoid the authorities. You are targeted for termination. The T-1000 will not stop until it complete its mission. Ever. Liquid metal. Not like me. A T-1000. Advanced prototype. A mimetic polyalloy. You did. Thirty years from now you reprogrammed me to be your protector here, in this time. My mission is to protect you. I'm a cybernetic organism. Living tissue over a metal endoskeleton. Yes. Cyberdyne Systems, Model 101. Yes. No. There is another chip. Take your kids. Go to a hotel. Right now. Don't pack. Let's go. I must be destroyed. The CPU from the first terminator. I have detailed files. Because Skynet knows the Russian counter-strike will remove its enemies here. Yes. It launches its ICBMs against their targets in Russia. Basically. The Skynet funding bill is passed. The system goes on-line August 4th, 1997. Human decisions are removed from strategic defense. Skynet begins to learn, at a geometric rate. It becomes self-aware at 2:14 a.m. eastern time, August 29. In a panic, they try to pull the plug. In three years Cyberdyne will become the largest supplier of military computer systems. All stealth bombers are upgraded with Cyberdyne computers, becoming fully unmanned, Afterward, the fly with a perfect operational record. In a few months he creates a revolutionary type of mircoprocessor. The man most directly responsible is Miles Bennet Dyson, Director of Special Projects at Cyberdyne Systems Corporation. No. My CPU is a neural-net processor... a learning computer. But Skynet presets the switch to "read-only" when we are sent out alone. Correct. So do you. Unknown. Ballistic penetration shocks it, but only for a few seconds.