That's your problem. Suppose that you bear five or six children with your characteristics. All in Siwash Cave. In a postcatastrophe world, your offspring would of necessity intermarry, forming in time a tribe. A tribe every member of which had giant thumbs. A tribe of Big Thumbs would relate to the environment in very special ways. It could not use weapons or produce sophisticated tools. It would have to rely on its wits and its senses. It would have to live with animals -- and plants! -- as virtual equals. It's extremely pleasant to me to think about a tribe of physical eccentrics living peacefully with animals and plants, learning their languages, perhaps, and paying them the respect they deserve. The world isn't going to end, you dummy; I hope you know that much. But it is going to change. It's going to change drastically, and probably in your lifetime. The Clock People see calamitous earthquakes as the agent of change, and they may be right, since there are a hundred thousand earthquakes a year and major ones are long overdue. But there are far worse catastrophes coming... unless the human race can bring itself to abandon the goals and values of civilization, in other words, unless it can break the consumption habit -- and we are so conditioned to consuming as a way of life that for most of us life would have no meaning without the yearnings and rewards of progressive consumption. It isn't merely that our bad habits will cause global catastrophes, but that our operative political-economic philosophies have us in such a blind crab grip that they prevent us from preparing for the natural disasters that are not our fault. So the apocalyptic shit is going to hit the fan, all right, but there'll be some of us it'll miss. Little pockets of humanity. Like the Clock People. Like you two honeys, if you decide to accept my offer of a lease on Siwash Cave. There's almost no worldwide calamity -- famine, nuclear accident, plague, weather warfare or reduction of the ozone shield -- that you couldn't survive in that cave. Easy come, easy go. You mean she's dead? I want to go back to the Clock People. I kind of miss those fool redskins and wonder what they're up to. What's happened to Jelly? Yes, everything is getting worse. But everything is also getting better. Ha ha ho ho and hee hee. The Clock People mistook me for Chinese. And the name stuck. In the same way that all Indian tribes came to be labeled "Indians" through the ignorance of an Italian sailor with a taste for oranges, it is only fitting that "Indians" misnamed me. The Clock People, however, are not a tribe, rather they are a gathering of Indians from various tribes. They have lived together since 1906. During the Second World War I busted out of Tule Lake detention camp; as a Japanese-American, I had been put there and watched over. I found refuge with the Clock People, who discovered me in a snow bank, near dead, I had been climbing across the Sierra Nevada mountains. But unlike the clockworks of the Clock People, my ticks more accurately echo the ticks of the universe.... ......ha ha ho ho and hee hee. He was a degenerated warlock who could turn urine into beer, and the honor that he extended me gave me rights of occupancy in this sacred cave on this far-away Siwash Ridge. I came to the Dakota hills to construct a clockworks of my own. The Clockworks is one reason that I am here on Siwash Ridge. I accepted the invitation to be initiated as a shaman by an aged Siwash chief who was the principle outside confederate of the Clock People. Clockworks. Neither do I... ha ha ho ho hee hee. Save your breath for the climb. I know who you are.Aw, he's some old fart holyman who lives in the hills out West. Gives my ranch the creeps and the willies, too. But though he be old and dirty, he's alive, I'll bet, clear down to his toes. They don't have his juice in a jar in New Haven. Well I suppose that I'll have to write Sissy out on the road. Chink's the guy's name, for Christ's sake. What do they do to you boys in those Ivy league schools, anyway? Strap you down and pump the Nature out of you? They can even press the last drop of Nature out of a Mohawk buck. Why, send a shaman or cannibal to Yale for four years and all he'd be fit for would be a desk in the military-industrial complex and a seat in the third row at a Neil Simon comedy. Jesus H.M.S. Christ! If Harvard or Princeton could get hold of the Chink for a couple of semesters they'd turn him into a candidate for the Bow Tie Wing of the Hall of Wimps. Oogie boogie. Whose fault was that? Shit O dear, Julian. Do you mean to tell me you didn't get it on? What do you think? Like what? She always leaves town, you dummy. That doesn't mean anything. What about in bed? How does she like it in bed? Ninety degrees to the left, I hope. How does she feel about you? It's high time you realized, honey babe, that a woman doesn't have to give the best years of her life to Radcliffe or Smith in order to speak the English language. She's obviously that. Jesus! Which would you rather have, a million dollars or one of Sissy's thumbs full of pennies? Sissy. You're trying to protect those scuzzy bitches. Well, let your conscience be your guide, as my mommy used to say, but it won't work. Those stinking sluts are going to suffer... Sissy, don't play dumb with me! You're a good model but a shitty actress. The cowgirls are involved in this whooping crane disappearance. You know perfectly well they are. Last seen in Nebraska. Didn't make it to Canada. Siwash Lake is between Nebraska and Canada. The cowgirls have possession of Siwash Lake. And who else but Jellybean's wild cunts could possibly conceive of doing something so diabolical as to tamper with the last flock of some nearly extinct birds? How much do you know about it? Have they murdered those cranes the way they murdered my moo cows? Good, good, good... you'll enjoy it, you'll see. Julian is a gentleman. I can't be certain that you would. But what have you got to lose? Yes, well, what I'm getting at is that there comes a time when it is psychologically impossible for a woman to lose her virginity. She can't wait too long, you know. Now, there's no reason why you must lose yours. I mean, just ponder it a bit, that's all. But here you are, still a virgin -- you are virginal yet, aren't you? Now, now. Don't get exasperated. I realize that you've always avoided all but the most rudimentary involvements with men, and I might add, you've been wise. Heterosexual relationships seem to lead only to marriage. For men, marriage is a matter of efficient logistics: The male gets his food, bed, laundry, TV, pussy, offspring and creature comforts all under one roof, where he doesn't have to dissipate his psychic energy thinking about them too much, then he is free to go out and fight the battles of life, which is what existence is all about. But for a woman marriage is surrender. Purely personal. I believe you might enjoy one another. Shit O dear, that's enough to make me asthmatic. The nerve of those twits. What do they know about female odor? Don't interrupt. Here's my concept. My ranch out West? It's a beauty ranch. Oh, it's got a few head of cattle for atmosphere and tax purposes. But it's a beauty ranch, a place where unhappy women -- divorcees and widows, mainly -- can go to lose weight, remove wrinkles, change their hair styles and pretty themselves up for the next disappointment. My ranch is named the Rubber Rose, after the Rubber Rose douche bag, my own invention, and bless its little red bladder, the most popular douche bag in the world. So get this. It's on the migratory flight path of the whooping cranes. The last flock of wild whooping cranes left in existence. Well, these cranes stop off at my little pond -- Siwash Lake, it's called -- twice a year, autumn and spring, and spend a few days each time, resting up, eating, doing whatever whooping cranes do. I've never seen them, understand, but I hear they're magnificent. Very big specimens -- I mean, huge mothers -- and white as snow, to coin a phrase, except for black tips on their wings and tail feathers, and bright red heads. Now, whooping cranes, in case you didn't know it, are noted for their mating dance. It's just the wildest show in nature. It's probably the reason why birdwatching used to be so popular with old maids and deacons. Picture these rare, beautiful, gigantic birds in full dance -- leaping six feet off the mud, arching their backs, flapping their wings, strutting low to the ground. Dears, it's overwhelming. And picture the birds doing their sex dance on TV. Right there on the home screen, creation's most elaborate sex ritual -- yet clean and pure enough to suit the Pope. With lovely Sissy Hankshaw in the foreground. In a white gown, red hood attached, and big feathery sleeves trimmed in black. In a very subdued imitation of the female whooping crane, she dance/walks over to a large nest in which there sits a can of Yoni Yum. And a can of Dew. Off-camera, a string quartet is playing Debussy. A sensuous voice is reading a few poetic lines about courtship and love. Are you starting to get it? Doesn't it make the hair on your neck stand up and applaud? My very goodness gracious! Grandiose, lyrical, erotic and Girl Scout- oriented; you can't top it. I've hired a crew of experts from Walt Disney Studios, the best wildlife cinematographers around. You're my eternal favorite. Princess Grace herself couldn't be better, not even if she had your personality which she doesn't; Anyway, dear, I'm out of photography now and into water colors. Ah how circuitous conversation is! We're back at the beginning. The exact man I've wanted you to meet is my artist the watercolorist. I am once more about to make advertising history. And only you, the original Yoni Yum/Dew Girl, could possibly assist me. Sissy, Sissy, blushing bride, you can desist from wearing paths in those forgotten highways. The Countess has arranged a job for you. And what a job... Oh my dear yes, I bought a little ranch out West, sort of a tribute to the women of America who have cooperated with me in eliminating their odor by using my vaginal products, Dew spray mist and Yoni Yum spray powder. A tax write-off, actually. She's a young thing who works on my ranch. Real name is Sally Jones or something wooden like that. She's cute as a hot fudge taco, and, of course, it takes verve to change one's name so charmingly. But she stinks like a slut just the same. What? Oh yes. Tee-hee. Jellybean. You were the Yoni Yum girl from, let's see, from nineteen sixty-eight through nineteen seventy. You've always smelled so nice. Like a little sister. The irony has just killed me. You, the Dew Girl, one of the few girls who doesn't need Dew. I loath the stink of females! They are so sweet the way God made them, then they start fooling around with men and soon they're stinking. Like rotten mushrooms, like an excessively chlorinated swimming pool, like a tuna fish's retirement party. They all stink. From the Queen of England to Bonanza Jellybean, they stink. Shit O goodness, you won't be thirty for another year, and you're more beautiful than ever. Freak, schmeek. Most of us are freaks in one way or another. Try being born a male Russian countess into a white middle class Baptist family in Mississippi and you'll see what I mean. That's the very first time in the eons that I've known you that I've ever heard you complain. And now you're tired, poor darling. To my own special Sissy. Cheers! And welcome. So my letter brought ya flying, eh? Where were you? Salt Lake City? La Conner? Well, I may have a little surprise for you. But first, tell me about yourself. It's been six months, hasn't it? In some circles that's half a year. How are you?Adele for god sake please lis... Adele... we gotta do something before Early kills someone else. I suppose anything's possible. No. What happened to Adele? They picked up hitchhikers... young men... and brought them back here. Two brothers, prospectors, lived here. Up until a few years back. Forget about it, doesn't matter. ...Ha. If you say so. No, it's all yours. It's on me... for saving my ass back there. Wait a minute. You're gonna hustle me? Yeah? By the way, I'm not much of a pool player. Sure. Yeah. I always thought it was the work of a serial killer. Anyone who took that much time and care bisecting another human being must have been enjoying it and would have done it again. And again. Until someone stopped him. Some people think it's because he never killed again. He just disappeared back into society. Dahlia, no. That bad? He almost always killed strangers. Spent years moving on from one place to another. That made it real hard to track him down. Henry Lee Lucas. Well he was only convicted of killing eleven but he claimed to have killed over three hundred. Who? It's just a work in progress, kinda rough. How much do I owe you? That's a good idea. Unfortunately most of them have been executed. So what do you do Early? Brian. Uh, we can stop somewhere if you and Adele haven't had time for breakfast, Early. Tight fit. I don't know. I'm going to try and lift the end of the piano. If I can... slide your cuffs free. Carrie, watch for Early. Then try again, You gotta talk to her. She looks up to you, she'll listen to you. Shut up Carrie, please... just shut up! Carrie... stop it. Why, what did he do? Oh come on, don't give me that shit... you wanted to take these photos as much as I wanted you too. Okay, it was a cheap thrill, it was stupid, I admit it, alright? But let's not blow this. Not now... Let's just get the photos. There's more... A copy of a tape they found. He recorded everything. What is it? Stop being so fucking melodramatic! If it was murder he'd still be locked up or on parole, in which case he wouldn't be allowed to leave the state. How do you know that? Who said he's my good buddy? Take your time. All set? Carrie. ...And all I'm saying is I think we ought to try and get along with them. That's all. I heard that. Bitch, bitch, bitch! He can't help the way he was raised. I kinda feel sorry for him. We could have been in and out of there in less than ten minutes... Lighten up... Oh, yeah... He had a real thick accent right outta "Deliverance." "Still? Who said anything about a still? Get ya ass up in them woods!" Beggars can't be choosers. They were the only ones who answered the ride share note, remember? I like that. Real polite. Kept calling me 'sir.' We don't have enough money, but we'll figure something out. What I'm thinking is, we can drop down through Tennessee, across Arkansas and into Texas, from there it's a straight shot into California. "We don't stop... until we hit the fucking ocean." A book on some of the most infamous murderers in America. I want to go to where they lived and where they killed and I want you to photograph it. Look, fuck the thesis. I think there's a book here. Your photographs and my research, together. Because I was there. And for a moment that night I understood how she came to pull the trigger. ...and I think I know why. ...I think it's the best stuff I've done. Well, I sat down with my tapes and your photographs, which are great by the way... and I started writing. Hey. I didn't have the heart to wake you. ...just like that? Carrie, come on... we can leave anytime we... ...I do. Just being there where it really happened. It was different... more visceral. The warehouse. I'm not that drunk. Tonight turned out to be pretty interesting. A... I gotta go. Okay, now you want to talk about good versus evil? Well then let's start with Adam and Eve and the snake. Executing the killer wouldn't bring my mother back.Oh, n'jus what in hell you crying 'bout? I'm the one got hit. Nobody wants to hurt you Peaches! What's wrong with her? Well Adele... it was for... ...saving your fucking life back there! Thank you for what? What are you thanking me for Adele? Yeah but, what is it? What the hell is this stuff? Go back to the car and keep Brian there. I don't want him in here... Do it Adele... Now! Can you believe thirty bucks for this room... for what? A lumpy mattress, that crummy TV and a crapper. Shush, Adele. As many times as it takes. You just smile, let me do all the talking. Yeah I left him with the car... We're all squared up now. They ain't dangerous Adele. They're writers. I heard that. Bull. That ain't right... Government sends people there all the time, just don't want us to know about it. Well... the very first thing we're gonna do... is get us a couple of six packs of Lucky Lager and climb up on toppa' that famous Hollywood sign and howl at the moon... Yeah, and in California you never have to buy fruit 'cause it's all on the trees everywhere you turn... ...and, 'course there ain't no speed limit out there, and all drugs are legal... And I heard your first month's rent is free; state law. I figure 'til we get settled we can just move around month to month... Well... for one thing... They think faster out there, on account of all that warm weather they got; cold weather makes people stupid, that's a fact. What's up Adele? Dinner ready? Well Dorothy, why don't you hand me that chili there. Happy birthday Adele. You think I'm goin' to kill you. Well that'd make me a liar then wouldn't it? What do you need a Bible for? Turkey's are real smart. Smarter than most people think... Never heard of it, any huntin'? Where you from Walter? I don't know. Wish I did. Think. I might just have to kill you Walter. How do you feel about that? What's your name, boy? Well, let's put it this way. I need me a new woman. You two been busy in here. ...and? So tell me... what happened here? Hell it don't... ...Hand me Brian's map there Adele. One day I'm gonna pass some store and see your book in the window. Me and Adele gonna buy a copy for our coffee table. Hey... Ain't we getting near the next murder site... Bri? Ya see what I'm sayin'? Ha! Damn right I do. ...Well then, that's how many I killed. ...Well I probably drunk more than my share, anyway... you go on an' have it. Nah... how much money have you got? Hell yeah! I'll even spot ya a few points first game. Shit, it ain't hard to play pool. I can teach you everything ya need ta know. Ain't you goin' to record it? You wanna hear mine? That your... "theory", ain't that what they call it? You don't sound too convinced 'bout that? Now why is that? ...They never caught that Black Dolya Killer, huh? ...Then some. How did he get away with it for so long anyhow? Wonder what all them people done made him so mad? Henry Lucas. This guy killed a mess of people. This the book your writing? Forget it. Can't hurt. ...Too bad. You gonna talk to the people who did those murders? Oh... I do some work up at the Merrick Mirror factory, or I used to... Well, it's like this, Bri'. I don't eat much in the mornin', never have. Maybe a beer once in a while; Lucky Lager's my favorite. Well, it's like this, Mr. Kessler. Best kind. ...You know what I mean? You were plenty hot. Who d'ya think you're foolin'? I know you better than you think... Darlin' you were 'bout that far from spendin' the night at the morgue. You understand? Everybody just shut up! Shut your mouth. Tell ya Bri., I'm still a little sleepy,... think Adele and me are gonna take us a fiesta. ...never? Sometimes... Don't know why it is... I get so hot I can't stand it. I just start sweating like a dog. You ever get like that? Ain't you done enough drinking for tonight? ...Need a hand with those bags? She wasn't feeling so good. Bri'. Oh man... come on, I don't want no janitor job. What is it? I ain't got nothing against God. It's the people he let come into the world... lot of them should have been stopped at the door. What are you looking for? Wasn't my fault...So they can patch me up and put me in a cage? Forget it. Meyerling's right -- I'm a dinosaur. Greedy bastards like him, it's their turn with this land. Put me in the woods, let me live or die on my own. Relax. I got a nervous man here with a magnum up my nose. Remember that demon in the gut? Sometimes it's nothing more than wondering if the so-called civilized life has bred the balls and brains out of you. That's what you want out of this, isn't it? What makes you so sure my boys won't be waiting for us? First you save my ass, now you want to kill me. Make up your goddamn mind. Used to see the natives eating roots when I was a kid in Nome. Inside of three hours you'd be dragging my dead carcass. You talk about ecology -- there it is. Wait 'til I'm across! See the blood? Pack of wolves took down a moose. Greedy, gut-ripping sons of bitches. I'd kill the last wolf on earth, right in front of the President of the U.S. Stinking, cowardly predator, the wolf. Mind if I get some stuff from my kit? Now, why don't you get around to saying what you want. Hard to work up an interest in politics, way we live. You're the first people we've seen in two weeks. Needs patching. You can pack out of here -- two, three days' hike along this river at most. Weather should hold this early in the season. Wasn't my intention to hurt Wilder. I'm telling you the truth. I liked the man. I only meant to get loose... to survive. Your cheechako boyfriend better understand that. Listen, I've got some money put away -- You should know something. What about you -- why come back? Classy girl like you seems more suited to the finer things. I was gone, in September, laying traplines. She went to our cache for some meat. Got mauled by a bear. Tore open her skull. -more- Had some good years. Met her in '66. She showed up one day in Coldfoot. No one knew her. One Sunday morning, she marched into a bar and announced she was available as a wife to the highest bidder. Didn't work out in three months, she'd return the money and leave, no hard feelings. My bid was eight thousand dollars. Beautiful girl. She's dead. Knew you had no native blood, even with your dark hair. Blue eyes give you away. My wife had blue eyes. Can't be. Too keen a sense of this place in your pictures. How long have you been up north? Leave my traps. We'll tag up, couple days. Go ahead. Take the jeep. I'll come to Cache with Bob when he gets here. Had no choice... ...Given the situation. Relax. I just want to ask them how the hunting is. Leave it here. Look down there, tell me what any of this matters. Struggles of men get swallowed by the bigness. Soon there won't be a trace of our troubles... or us. Like I said, I'd still be up on that mountain, frozen solid, it wasn't for you. Wound's a through-and-through. Missed my liver, I think. The time has passed for men like them and me. I know it. But they're still fighting for survival, like cornered animals. That's why they'll kill you. -more- Snow's to their advantage, kid. You can't see them, but soon as that plane comes, they'll sure as hell know where we're going. Wise up. Take me to the Yukon. I'll give you that money and guarantee you'll walk away. You kill me, you sign your death warrant. And hers. Maybe you can talk sense into your boyfriend. Lets us watch each other's backs over a wide area. Only thing messed me up this time was getting arrested in the baths. ELT was in my duffel bag, not around my neck where it should've been. You're damn lucky, glimpsing this country before it's ruined, gone for good. You saw wonders you'd only dreamed of. That alone makes you different than the sorry bastards back where you came from, because you have dreamt them. You were real resourceful out there. Got me thinking of this perimeter man, froze all his fingers one winter. So he hacked the tips off and sharpened the exposed bones. Gets along better than ever. Yeah, maybe I underestimated you. I'm sure she's fine. Seemed like a clever kid. Talk to that good-looking girl of yours? Hell, I still get a knot in my gut every season, wondering how much longer I can go on. No 'Home for Retired Trappers' that -more- You don't know how true that is. Don't bet on it. Cowardly bastard. I'm in handcuffs and I still scare the piss out of you. I'm real sad you don't approve of me. All you do is keep folks from working the land, living like they're meant to. You don't understand shit! Trappers, hunters -- we're part of the environment. Who's protecting us? I've seen plenty like you. So -more- Don't judge me. You're a joke, coming here from a fucked-up culture, telling us what to do! You got a knack for seeing things the way you want to see them. Told that's what our old man was. Planned on going to sea, me and Bob, 'til I read Jack London. Started trapping when I was ten. Mailed the furs to Sears. Eight bucks for a skunk, three for a muskrat. That was fine money. Hate to disappoint you. I'm hungry. Go kill me some dinner. Too bad. We'd be out of here in a few hours. You got one? Where's my ELT? It's a spring day... What?! Fuck off. Save yourself. Told you I'm fine! If that means freeze my balls off, no thanks. I'll be okay. Have to get these wet things off. There's a snowmobile. Inside a day we could be on the Yukon. I got money there. Remember that five thousand? Make it ten. Be smart. Take it and walk away. There's a cabin, maybe twenty miles south of here. Yep. Sometimes they do, but usually they end up crazy or dead. Folks come to Alaska for a real short list of reasons: Money. Adventure. Solitude. Those cover most everyone. But frontiers also draw another type of man. One with a demon in his gut. He comes to the edge of the world to face that demon, and lay it to rest. You want to fool yourself about that bullshit job, fine. Damn shame you have to drag your girlfriend along. You think a woman like that will be happy making moose stew for a man -more- Sure love to know where you fit in up here. Sure. The People's Friend. Kiss your ass with precision if there's a vote in it. Where in hell Meyerling dig you up? I'm still figuring: You're either real brave or real dumb. Damn lucky this storm didn't blow down when we were on those baldheaded mountains. It continues, we better stay put. Going to be a bit of a challenge with handcuffs on. Have to backtrack, find another way down. Pushing it is flat wrong. All you prove is your ignorance about breaking trail. Let's camp. There's grayling under this ice. I'll snare some for dinner. Most dangerous thing in the world: A regular Joe, in over his head. You trying to prove how tough you are for me, or for yourself? Be my guest. We get wet, we freeze to death in a couple hours. Ice is too thin -- you can see the water moving underneath. Still quite a hike to Devil's Cauldron. Days. A long stretch to go without sleep, my friend. You can hide behind that pistol for now, but take your eyes off me long enough to sneeze -- Snow shelter. Okay. You dig. I'll have a little sit-down. Why in hell you care enough about me to die taking me in? Look, take these cuffs off. We need to work together. I'm not gonna carry you out of here. You sound like the tourists. Know-it-alls who read about survival in a magazine. Fuck you. You won't make it off this mountain. I took the odds on getting down in one piece, and I made it. Now we're in my territory. You got the belly to look me in the eye and pull the trigger? Hunting and trapping was a damn fine life. Me and Mitchell, Bob and LeMalle, we were teams. I'd always go with Mitchell. Good man, Mitchell. I'd let Bob worry about goddamn LeMalle. We'd hire a plane in October. On the way to a dirt airstrip somewhere, we'd drop supplies. We'd land, tell the pilot to come back for us a few days before Christmas. That makes the flight more interesting. Been driving long? Smart? Sure. That's why I'm sitting in this plane and they're down there blowing me kisses. Surviving is what I know -- Send him down to her. There's money in my duffel bag, back at his cabin. Does he have people? A lot to ask, dragging him away from such a good-looking girl -- Nice bluff the other day with the tranquilizer gun out your jeep window. See you again, maybe. Ecology. Folks use that term for everything but what it means: who's eating who. New to the country, kid? No big deal. We just got off on the wrong foot. What's your name? Yep. Afraid you have me at a disadvantage. Can't be much of a crime, if all they got minding the area is a cocky kid. Nothing personal. I don't want to hurt you, Sam. Good idea. Flying over mountains can give you some nasty surprises. Go too low, one of the clouds might have a big rock inside it. I'll get loose before that plane comes. Sam, listen -- I shot to defend my man. Other guy drew first. Sam, give Dixie here fifty bucks out of my kit, will you? Christ if I shouldn't know better than to step in soft earth. I've seen footprints in the tundra a hundred years old. All this for laying traps on private land? You wouldn't shoot anyone... Can we buy the Marshal some dinner? Relax. One more day without drink won't kill you. Right, Sam? Just passing through. Hullo, Sam. Slow day?Keep back. Your infrared camera? You'll catch a chill by that dumb waiter shaft. Sit on the cot. Keep this pointed at him if I get preoccupied. I'd sure like that favor you offered a while back. There isn't one, unless Corbett's men get here before the plane does. ...I won't let a killer walk! How? Nobody this far north monitors that frequency until avalanche season. Besides, I'm surprised a tough guy like you uses fancy electronics. I just want this over with. It'll be interesting, trying to build a fire without any wood. Let's go. I'll get you there all right. Avalanche season is coming. When you ran off, I thought you'd keep going 'til you were back home in Washington. I've got an idea. We'll have to work fast. Nothing broken. C'mon, we have to hurry. Please, Anne Marie, you being here only complicates things. Here. A transport plane is due at eleven. Once I put him on it, it's all over. I'll tell you everything later. You can't stay here. Go back to the Turtle. I'll meet you back there in a few hours. Be careful, okay? Fairbanks is a three-hour flight. I'll be back by dinnertime. Let's go. Come here... Prolonged darkness makes people crazy. I thought I should check our emergency transmitters. -- Permanently? It's exactly what you meant. You make it sound like a prison sentence. You were looking at it in the catalog. Don't know where you can wear it... Can't help myself. Corbett's type always pisses me off. Oh, I found this at the post office. Had your name on it. He was sitting in a hot tub with a hooker. Sure did. He was one of the trappers we rousted from the Haul Road. No way can he get away with this. I'll be back by tonight. I'll go into town with you. Best thing is, Meyerling has to chase around to find us. Thanks. Bastards took off, though, didn't they? Stay here. He still might be around. I saw fresh tire tracks coming in. He's coming around fine. You're wrong. Everything we do leaves its mark. You said it yourself -- there are hundred- year-old footprints in the tundra. We'll get you to a hospital, soon as we get to Fairbanks. How come you didn't let him shoot me? Let's get out of here. Can you walk? Why offer a buyoff with your gunmen waiting outside? Answer and I'll shoot! Shut up! No way they'll find you on a five-minute signal. And no way -more- Emergency transmitter? What happened to signal mirrors or two-tone smoke fires? I liked you better frozen. You didn't talk so much. You broke the radio, remember? Maybe...maybe not. I'll tell you what scares me -- stumbling through life, like an ordinary jerk. That's why I want to work on the front lines, where what I do means something. Soon as I got here, I realized my job was bullshit. Oil company propaganda. I was ready to leave, then I thought screw it, I'll outsmart them, do the work anyway. I don't know anymore. Maybe I am fooling myself. That's what I'm afraid of most of all. I already have. They think you're in Fairbanks. If not, they still won't find you before the plane comes tomorrow. Don't push me..! What do you know about people? You live like an animal! A savage goddamn throwback like you belongs out here, as far away from the rest of us as possible. Yeah, it is fucked up -- but it's not too late to keep that from happening here. Killing wildlife not good enough anymore, so you go on to bigger and better things. Nome? I figure you'd be a whaler, coming from there. An appetite. Maybe you won't die after all. It was blown up with the plane. Emergency transmitter? All your gear is back at Wilder's. Stay still. You don't feel cold? How many do you see? Stay awake! You want to go hypothermic? You're not going to slow us down! Keep moving! You don't get it, do you? Too bad we're heading west. Yeah? I'm here to do my job. You know Meyerling? It could blow over tomorrow, too. Forget it. It would take days. We've got another two hours of daylight. It wasn't my idea to crash the plane. I'm right behind you. I've been on ice like this when I was a kid, skating. Spread your weight, keep moving. Go on. We're not sitting here 'til November. There's a cargo plane coming to Devil's Cauldron in four days, and I'm putting you on it. -- Turn around. We'll stop here, dig out a snow shelter. I don't plan on dying. That's right. You're not. With light clothing and no supplies, this is nobody's territory. Next time you want to kill yourself, don't include me. Stay put! Sounds like professional jealousy. I needed a pilot's license to take the job here, so I got one in six weeks. How the hell were they smart enough to find us? -- Killing is what you know. Pack some food while I prep for the flight. I'm sure not gonna let him go. A daughter in Oregon. -- To take you to jail? It'll be my pleasure. Yeah. Maybe so. Six months. Ecological study for Northland Oil. Desmond. Kenai at the general store asked me to bring these. Didn't expect we'd already met. Ben Corbett? I got your plate number, asshole. Maybe you feel like spending a few months in jail. You got two counts against you -- trapping out of season and poaching on restricted land. If you have to ask, you wouldn't understand. -- Here's a hundred dollars. And if you or anyone else will back me up on this -- Will you rent me a cabin, or not? I need to rent a cabin. Neff, you know better than this... You don't care enough about Sam to -- There'll be three, four men at the most. I have some backup, nothing will happen. What are you talking about? Yeah. Sorry I barked at you last night. Just stay out of my face until I'm gone! Corbett ruined my two-way. Go to my place on the Haul Road, tell Anne Marie I'm okay and to sit tight. -- I'm putting him on the plane to Fairbanks, eleven tomorrow. Back at my place... he, uh, broke his leg. Look, Neff, I've got Ben Corbett with me -- Have you heard anything from the girl staying with me, Anne Marie? Sure. Fuck you. Some day these people'll wake up, and you'll be the first one they'll run out of here. I should release Corbett because you want some votes? What does this matter to you? That's what we should've done in the first place. Any idea who could've done it? We'll go with you. Hey, Sam, look over there. Black and white smoke. Mobile Arctic Dwelling -- MAD. -- We appreciate the company. Anne Marie's getting cabin fever already.Thanks, Mister D. You think the D.A.'s gonna file on Joanne? She kills the old man and makes it look like Miss Lawson did it. Pretty slick. What good does that do -- it's the old will? What would Joanne Braslow need with an estate attorney? She wasn't even mentioned in Marsh's will. Joanne Braslow is getting more and more interesting. I followed her today to an attorney's office. Joseph Koehler. Right now. Guess who's been buying Coke from him for the last five and half years? I'm sorry to barge in -- but I figured after that bombshell that got laid on you today you could use some good news? Because it hasn't all been erased. It's very good -- because when the D.A's office saw it they assumed it was the end of the tape, otherwise they would have buried it. I would have missed it -- but the phone rang and I let it play while I talked. It looks like blank tape -- but it isn't. It's been erased without any input signal coming in. No -- but I got something. I've been waiting for you to get back. I'm trying. Before you ask there's nothing new on the coke. So -- where do we start? I'm sorry, man -- but I ain't ever heard of no brother dying from gettin' too much pussy. Yeah -- I hear they had 'em a real dog and pony show going on up there - - I'll tell you, sometimes white people are a real puzzle to me. I mean, did this old guy really think he was gonna be able to keep up with a sweet little number like that? How you doin' Mister D?You did a good job, Charlie. I don't know. Take some time off. Under the law a person cannot profit from their own wrong doing. Since Rebecca Lawson is the sole beneficiary of the new will, if she is found guilty the will is void and Joanne Braslow could make a very good case to have the old will reinstated. Here it is! According to the old will Joanne Braslow was to inherit two hundred and fifty thousand dollars. Joe Koehler. I know him. He's an estate attorney -- and he's very expensive. Charlie -- are you going to make a point soon? You got something on the Coke? Why? So, what good is it to us if it's been erased? You got something on the coke? You've got to get me something I can use, Charlie. I want you to hit all the dealers in town. Give them a list of people close to Marsh and see if any of them use. Then I want you to check out a Doctor Alan Paley. He lives up in Roseburg. We have to find out who else would profit from Marsh's death -- and who knew enough about his personal life to know that putting cocaine in the nasal spray would be fatal. It could've happened to anyone. Fine, Charlie. You familiar with the Marsh case? Can I go? Your Honor, I'm trying to establish a pattern in Dr. Paley's behavior with women. Your Honor, I'm trying to establish the sense of betrayal Miss Lawson felt when she discovered the man she lived with was a different person than she thought he was. I'll rephrase the question. Mr. Roston isn't it true you are bisexual? The opinion of a scorned lover is hardly an objective view. Objection. The question calls for a conclusion on the part of the witness. Your Honor, I don't see a Mr. Roston listed as a prosecution witness. You've been following me? You don't know what you're talking about. That's ridiculous. Back off, John. I didn't hear it. I've got work to do. I'm just curious to see if Mr. Troxell reconstructed anything else. I was just about to make my point, Your Honor. Your Honor, this is a tape from Miss Lawson's answering machine. I would like to play it now. Yeah. Well -- we'll let the blindfolded lady with the scales decide that. She's innocent. I'll tell her but she won't take it. I don't buy it and neither will a jury. Suspicions maybe -- but suspicions aren't enough for a conviction. Why would she want that? C'mon -- think about it. If she was going to kill Marsh why leave the nasal spray bottle there for the police to find? You're bluffing. John, it's me, remember? I've known you since your name was Juan Carlos. Can you? You can't show intent. Lookin' to make the papers, John? No. Miss Lawson came in here voluntarily to answer your questions. She doesn't have to sit here and be insulted. So, either you charge her now or we're leaving. That's it. My client doesn't have to take this crap from you. I mean she only screwed me two or three times a night because she had to -- I'm sure she didn't enjoy it. I'm sure that every orgasm she had with me was faked. Don't you see what she's doing? She needs you to kill me. She's planned it that way from the start. That's why she phoned me tonight. That's all Dr. Paley. No further questions. I suggest it never happened. You're still angry, aren't you? Isn't it true that your whole story is nothing more than a vindictive attempt on your behalf to get back at Miss Lawson? You'll be sorry? And after that didn't you continuously harass Miss Lawson? And the argument was about the fact that you wanted to be romantically involved and she did not. If necessary I can bring in the valet parking attendant and two customers who witnessed the occurrence. You didn't grab her and try to kiss her? Isn't it true that later that night you tried to force yourself on Miss Lawson in the parking lot? Dr. Paley, where were you the last time you saw Miss Lawson? Then you have no way of knowing what Mr. Marsh told Miss Lawson were the reasons for his visits? Did Miss Lawson ever accompany Mr. Marsh inside during his examinations? Did Mr. Marsh ever tell you that he had spoken to Miss Lawson about his illness? Dr. Trammel, did you ever speak to Miss Lawson about Mr. Marsh's condition? One last question, Doctor. If someone didn't know better, would it be easy to mistake the peony root for cocaine? A previous witness stated that she saw Miss Lawson pouring a white powder into her hand on October twenty-eighth. According to your records when did you prescribe the drug? How do you instruct your patients to take it? Would you describe for the court what Chinese peony root looks like? What did you prescribe for her? Did you ever prescribe any medication for her cramps? Why does she come to you? --And is Miss Lawson a patient of yours? Dr. Wong -- what type of medicine do you practice? What else did the District Attorney's Office tell you to say? Then -- those are not your own words? High school? Did you go to college, Mrs. Crawford? What happened? What happened next? Do you remember his exact words? What did he say? How? Did he make your life miserable? -- And what did Dr. Paley do after you stopped seeing him? Then what happened? What was the nature of your relationship with Dr. Paley. Where did you meet him? Miss Sellers, do you know Dr. Alan Paley? Then why did you go see Mr. Koehler in the first place? You didn't know about it before that? Why'd you come here? What do you have in your purse? You killed him -- didn't you, Joanne? Then you would have gotten your money? Because you were jealous. Because he cut you out of the will. Because you have a cocaine habit to feed -- because you know that if Rebecca Lawson is found guilty the new will is void -- and there's a very good chance the old one would be honored. Isn't it true that you put the cocaine in the bottle? Isn't it true that you stopped by the house after you left the drug store and dropped off the items you bought? You see that's what bothers me. No other bottle of nasal spray was found in the house. The police looked. There was only the one bottle. But you say you didn't arrive until after Mr. Marsh was dead -- yet we know he was using the nasal spray prior to his death. How do you think it got there? A.M -- or P.M.? Would you read for us the time of the purchase? There's an item you picked up that's marked. Will you read it? Well - I'm a little confused. This is a charge receipt from Rosen's Drug Store where Mr. Marsh had an account. It's dated the day of the murder. Is this your signature? Two hundred and fifty thousand dollars is a lot of money. That must have made you pretty angry? In his previous will Mr. Marsh left you two hundred and fifty thousand dollars -- then he cut you out. Why do you think he did that? --and that he changed his will? --And that Mr. Marsh paid less attention to you? And you resented that he cared for her in a way he once cared for you? You resented the fact that she told you what to do in Mr. Marsh's house? You don't like her because you were involved with Mr. Marsh before she came along. Isn't that true? You don't like Miss Lawson much do you? You've tried it? Isn't it true that you've been in and out of Rehab centers for the last four years? Money isn't the only reason people commit murder, Miss Braslow. It must have been horrible. Having to go there -- seeing them together - - knowing he was sleeping with her in the same bed he did with you. You're lying. Marsh was wearing a cast on the tape. It was right before he went to Chicago and met Miss Lawson. He dumped you for her, didn't he? I thought he was a kind, gentle man? He video taped you. Well, think about it. Isn't it possible? So, isn't it possible that he was confiding in you about the pain he was feeling about losing what might be his last chance for love? That what he really was saying was that the uncertainty of her leaving was driving him crazy and if it didn't stop it was going to kill him. That if she did leave his heart couldn't take it. So, the woman he loved passionately was thinking about leaving. That must cause tremendous anxiety. Sleepless nights. Incredible stress. Didn't Mr. Marsh also tell you that Miss Lawson felt bored here and was thinking about going back to Chicago for awhile? Could you repeat the last part of what Mr. Marsh said to you the day before his death? Do you remember the date when you saw Miss Lawson in the bathroom? How do you know it was cocaine that Miss Lawson had in the bathroom? How do you know that? What about Miss Lawson? Did Mr. Marsh use drugs? How do you know what kind of sex they had? If you don't know her that well what makes you think she's capable of murder? I take it you don't like Miss Lawson very much? You don't really believe what the district attorney is saying about Miss Lawson, do you? What changed? I'm not asking for names or specifics. I just want to know what prompted you to make the call? I need to ask you a question. What made you get in touch with Joanne Braslow? Hi, Joe. No further questions. Would it be fair to say that when she did find out it was a shock to her? And she left shortly after that? And didn't Miss Lawson come home one day and find you in bed with your male lover? And your sexual tastes were something that you hid from Miss Lawson? How's it supposed to work Rebecca? You and Paley celebrate your victory. You get me over here and provoke a fight so he has to rush in and save you -- but then he's given himself away as your accomplice -- now he has to kill me. After that I figure she'll tell the Police that you broke in. That you were crazed because we humiliated you in court? She's right, Paley. You've got to kill me. She doesn't have to -- she's free -- she can't be tried again -- but you, you planned it with her. You supplied the Coke. You're an accessory to murder. I'm not leaving without that tape. That wasn't the deal. You killed him. You killed him -- and I got you off. Hello? You're a monster. I'm dropping the case. You don't need anybody. You killed him -- didn't you? He was only doing what he thought was right. Rebecca -- we shattered a man's life in open court. What's that for? What are you going you doing? Rebecca -- take these off. Honey. What does that mean? You've been thinking about the case? Or you thought everything out before you killed Marsh? I'm glad you have such confidence in me. Paley could be a problem tomorrow. Can I see you later? It's only the beginning. Alone? I called you all weekend. Where were you? Why would she lie? No, I don't have to believe you. The jury has to believe you and answers like he's lying or she's mistaken aren't going to convince them. That's not good enough, Goddamit! I just left Joanne Braslow. She told me she saw you doing cocaine at Marsh's house! You lied to me! You take a lot for granted. Is that what you think I was thinking? What would? I broke my ankle skating. That ended that dream. Yeah. No -- I wanted to be a professional hockey player. It's going to be hard to convince a jury that he's testifying against you in a murder trial because you blew him off. Tell me about Doctor Paley? It's okay. Yeah. Great. I'll see you at the office at nine. I just wanted to see if my secretary called to confirm your appointment tomorrow. Hi. It's Frank. Nothing. It's not my taste. Oh -- Well, they're different. I think the photographer's probably a voyeur. No -- it just doesn't look right. Because, I'm your attorney. I shouldn't be going to your house. This is your house. Sure. Where to? Why didn't you live together? -- And then? How'd you meet Marsh? If you had what you wanted at home why did you sneak into their yard? Try. Why not? How? As it pertains to you -- not me. Did you always know you had different... tastes? I think we're getting a little off the subject here. We're not animals. No pain, no gain? Those same men will be sitting on the jury. This is a very small town -- people here have very straight views on sex. I want you to know right now that the trial's going to be nasty. Your sex life is going to be dragged through the mud. They're going to say that you enticed Marsh -- led him down a dark path. I'll have you out in a few hours. You still haven't answered my question. You're assuming the District Attorney is going to file charges. Not a very good one I'm afraid. I don't know. That's why I'm asking you. There are no charges against you. I'm here to decide if I'm going to represent you should that occur. Did you kill him? Alright, I'll talk to her Raymond, I'm the only criminal attorney you have. Why? I'm supposed to be on vacation. Andrew Marsh was a very wealthy man. A trial like this is going to put Cardenas in the spot-light. I know what day it is! Get off the phone. Because I'm expecting a call. Michael -- get off the phone. I love you. Well, that's kind of how I am right now. You know how it is sometimes when you're out playing ball with your friends? How you're really concentrating on what you're doing -- and you lose track of time and you come home late and Mom yells at you? Hey, you know better than that. What did I teach you to say when someone is accused of doing something? What are they saying? I can back it up. Your Honor -- the prosecution has introduced cocaine as one of the contributing reasons Mr. Marsh died. How it may have been introduced into the household is of vital importance. How often do you use cocaine? Mr. Roston? Objection. The witness has already stated that Miss Lawson left without an explanation. But Your Honor-- No, Your Honor. "Discourteous insinuations about his sexual abilities." Who told you to say that? Is this what you want -- huh? Is it? You think that's the answer? Sex? Is that what you want? You want me to make love to you? It's more involved than that. I don't know. Please -- not now. You wouldn't like what you'd see. You don't know me anymore. I don't know me anymore. I know. I was thinking that when the trial is over we'd all go skiing for a weekend. No. I'm not. Because I knew you'd think exactly what you're thinking. Yes. Working. Charlie and I were going over some statements. Sharon, it's late. Can we get to the point? What's wrong? Yeah -- what are you doing up? Yeah -- fine. Excuse me. I'll be right back. Because I go to trial in seven weeks. I've got a lot of preparing to do. I'll talk to him later. I can think of worse ways to go-- Humped Yeah -- but can she cook? Attractive. Bright. Distant. Charming when she wants to be. I don't know yet. I want to hear what she says at her statement tomorrow. He must have something or he wouldn't be pressing so hard. Some example you set. I know. What can I do? He is the boss. Hello?... Hi Raymond.... What?... Well, I was sort of planning on... Alright... Okay, goodbye. That was Sattler. He thinks the D.A.'s going to file on Rebecca Lawson. He wants me in the office tomorrow morning. Can't it wait? I'm always open to learning new things. And I suppose you're going to show me how to relax? Really? I am relaxing.It would be the same as shooting a gun at him. It would be an added stress to his heart. Increase his heart rate. Yes -- those of Mr. Marsh and a thumb print of Miss Lawson's. Yes. We found a bottle of Dristan nasal spray on the nightstand. It was filled with water and cocaine. Mr. Marsh had a head cold at the time of his death. I believe he wasn't aware that he was ingesting cocaine. I don't think so. The membrane in his nasal passage didn't show any sign of long time usage. We found a high concentration of cocaine in his blood. No. Very poor. He was suffering from severe arterial disease. A massive cardiac arrest. Cocaine is the last thing a man in his condition would want. We know Marsh had a head cold. We found cocaine mixed with water in a nasal spray container on the nightstand. The coke would contract the nasal membrane the same as any decongestant, but for a much shorter time. He'd keep using more and more -- never knowing what he was taking. Yes. That's what my report will read. The official cause of death was a cardiac arrest. Marsh wasn't alone. We found traces of sperm on the sheets. The toxicology report says there were high levels of cocaine in his blood. Not sure. I'll have everything you need tomorrow. About three hours.She was. Yes. I woke up the next morning and she was gone. I couldn't help myself. You get lost inside a women like her. It was like a drug. It was the best sex I ever had. She started touching herself and telling me how much she wanted me. She reached down and put me inside her. My doctor had warned me about exerting myself -- but you really don't think of those things at a moment like that. You just think about how beautiful this woman is -- how much you want her. How deeply you want to please her. At first it started off slowly -- but the rhythm built and built. Every time I got close to an orgasm she would stop. Eventually I started to have trouble breathing. Rebecca just kept going -- faster and faster. No matter what I said she wouldn't stop. I really thought for a moment I was going to die. She said she was going to fuck me like I've never been fucked before. She told me that tonight we were going to open new doors. I asked her to stop -- to take off the handcuffs, but she wouldn't listen. She's a woman who is very much aware of her own sexuality. Sometimes I felt she could read my mind. It was uncanny how she knew exactly what I wanted. A few nights before my heart surgery Rebecca woke me. She had handcuffed me to the bed. It's hard to resist a woman as beautiful as she is. It was like sex was a game to her. She got off on the control. She always used to tell me it had to be her way. It was like she was trying to push me as far as she could. She called it opening new doors. Well -- I think that after the operation she realized that... She didn't. She just left. She left me. It didn't. Fine. The doctors say if I keep taking care of myself I can live to be a very old man. I had bypass surgery. I had a bad heart. It was wild. She was constantly trying to get me more and more worked up -- kinky things. I tried to satisfy her the best I could, but it was difficult in my condition. Intense. For about one year. We were lovers. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.WHEN SHE'S SAFE! You do, and the spring thaw is going to be worth a lot of cash! You're getting warmer! Copy. Jessie, go to the top of Bitker ladder. Jessie! Are you alright? Qualen, glad you stuck around. There should be a few hundred cops looking to meet you. I need my bolt gun and an ice axe. Looks like the Tower. It's a bad climb. Bags? It can't fly in this weather. You keep it. Get up there if you can, and if you get a chance, do me a favor and kill him. Not on that leg. Give him the money. Near Freedom Falls. She went for help. How's your leg? I'll live. Where'd you leave Jessie? My pleasure. Would you? If you want, do it. I don't care. And you weren't looking into her eyes when she fell. Now drop it! Look, it was a bad time for everybody. There wasn't time for anything else. I did what I thought was right. Look, I know-- I'm here for the same reason you are, so let's do it. When we get this group down, I'm gone. I was with Jessie, she filled me in. She's losing it! The clip's not gonna hold! I'm coming out! Remember, keep your arms and legs within the vehicle at all times-- Rescue One -- have located helpless climber, please prepare idiot line for transport, over. Funny, he told me he twisted it gettin' out of a hot tub. Hey, anything for a friend. How's the knee? You're not gonna die. Grab me with your other hand! Use your other hand! Grab it! I'm here! Sarah, I'm here! I'm here--I've got you! Nice and easy... That's it, you look like a professional. There you go. Sure you can. Just keep lookin' at me and only think about the distance across . Count it as you go: One, two...by eight you'll be there. Sarah, tonight why don't you and Hal come over for dinner? She's tough. Sarah, we could take off and leave this guy behind... How're ya feeling? Room service...Hi, Sarah. And miss all of this peace and quiet? Never, right Hal? The "old mouth to mouth" resuscitation routine. RUN, DAMMIT!! Can't do it. Now go back and get help! Just kidding. Fine, it shouldn't bother your conscience. An' if I miss, dig in and try your best to slow the fall. Wrap it around that rock twice. Take the rope. Take the rope. We don't have time to argue about it! But maybe with a good start I can hit those hand-holds. What do you think? Maybe I could reach the ledge without falling. No, forget it. That's exactly what I want you to do. "Time is money" -- please. There's no "we". There's a me. All I have to do is make it along the north wall to Bitker Ladder. What you're doing is going back down to the station to get help. And don't put on that mad face. Crockett River is where the last of the money fell. I don't know. I don't know. We were going together before I ever let go of you. Do it, goddammit! Reach up! Do it! Hold on! Hold on! Reach up! Jess, c'mon... Helluva time for vanity! Never, what?! These old ropes can hold 900 lbs., each strand 300. I'm 190, you're about 135 -- it just may hold. Start pulling it apart! We're climbing down on it. Pull it apart! Forget it. If that charge goes off before we can reach it, this whole damn crevice will slam shut on us. This way. We gotta get out and fire a flare. It's the only chance! She's a lyin' bitch!! Next time, date only basketball players. For the record, whenever you hear me sliding out of control, I'm never alright. When I secure the line, come on up. Up ahead. No, not really. Throw down a rope. What was God thinking when he built this place? Nice view, huh? Cute. A simple yes or no would have done. We have to get through to the other side. You up for it? Sure, just give it back when you're done. Yeah? I don't know. Here, lay down and get some rest. We're going to need it. Only kidding... actually I attacked you. You attacked me. Of course I do. Call me sentimental. Making things real rough for Hal. I can't believe you just said that. Man, it costs a fortune to heat this place. Don't worry about me, just go. Take off and meet me at Eagle Cave. They've got to find shelter soon, and so do we. How are you holding up? Let's be creative. Yeah, let's go. That's no good. It'll be dark soon, there's no other shelter for ten miles. If they show, they'll take you too. Why'd you have to come up here?! Before it crashed, they dumped three cases filled with millions. They're using Hal for a bird dog. Once they find the money, Hal's dead. So get on your radio, contact Frank, have him pick you up, then contact the state police, the park police and anything else wearing a badge and tell them to get up here! Do it Jessie. You got to go back now! How'd you get up here? What are you doing here!? I only came back for you. Can't do it. I haven't climbed in months--you lose the feel. He can handle it. He doesn't want my help. Hal knows what he's doing. Jess--you look good. If it's alright, I'm gonna pick up the rest of my gear. Like I said, I can't turn it off. It doesn't matter, anywhere but here. I can't. Not here. If you want, I'd like you to come with me...somewhere else. No, I think I will, it's safer. I have patience. From one professional to another, of course. Flare up of old emotions... Maybe lead to a flare up... --mouth-to-mouth, which could maybe... Okay, but if you do I'll have to perform resuscitation-- Y'know, yelling at this altitude can lead to hyperventilation and fainting-- Why are you yelling? Why are you yelling? You couldn't. I don't expect you to understand. I can't blame anything on Hal. It was me. I play it back in my mind everyday. Did I? I don't know. Maybe I shouldn't have gone out on that line. Maybe I panicked. I don't think you do. A lot of things fell apart up there. After the funeral I just had to leave. Working...I'm trying to figure out where to start. When you call me Gabriel, I know I've got trouble. On my way. Alright Sarah, are you ready for the best ride in the park? And when I came down, my morals were corrupted forever. Yeah, we were caught in a storm. I went up there an innocent climber... We spent a night there one night... The ledge, I know it well, or should I say we know it well. Don't say that. You'll embarrass Frank. Just hangin' out. That's a virtue isn't it? Do you see them yet? Never could save a thing. I burned it. Good memory. You must be great with numbers.Fuck you. Hey, let's get something straight. If I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, but you're always gonna be the asshole, so just shoot, alright. C-4? Nothing, just tourist souvenirs. Y'know, Jessie, doesn't Frank look like a normal guy--but he's not, are you Frank? A monkey? Surprise me. Hey, Jessie, you're just in time for another masterpiece. Take the gun. I'm going with you. What are we going to do? Hey, about everything that happened with Sarah. I know you did what you could-- Thanks for staying around when you didn't have to. Forget me. If you can, get away. No, buddy, it was you who dropped it! What the hell do you know about bad time. You didn't love her, you didn't have to explain to her family. We'll never know, will we? Well you were wrong! It was your weight on the line that did it-- You don't know anything. You did it your way and she died. Can't pass up another chance to play hero, can you. You're gone now! I don't climb with people I can't trust. Why'd you come up, to prove something? Now let me fill you in. You can get your ass back down an' go back to that hole you been hiding in-- What the hell are you doing here?! Sarah, hold on, he'll have you in a second. Jesus Christ, grab her! No, stay off the line! You'll break her loose! Hey, fuck you. Wait 'til you get into trouble, just wait. I love you, too. I think it's out. No big deal. It's that old football injury. Glad you could drop in. What are you talking about? Qualen, go fuck yourself. The game's over--you lost. When he finds the money, you're as dead as me. He never hurt anybody. There is. Murdering, motherfucker... You son of a bitch! You said you wouldn't kill him! For Christ's sake, they're kids. It's up there, on the Tower. No, he's gone. The only faster way up is the East Face and it's smooth as glass. Maybe a dozen guys in the world could do it in good weather, only a psycho would try it in a storm. Jessie, I reached the top of the Tower. So far, no sign of anyone. Looks like a phoney call. Over. The best he can since you gave him nothing. He'll freeze. Right, all the bullets we can eat. What the hell's going on? There. You blind? Half a day. On top of the peak. The down drafts would wipe her out. It's the only chopper. If it goes, you got no ride out. Tucker and Walker. Yeah... Right. Climb, Gabe, climb! Negative . The winds are too high. I'm going to ride out the storm here. I'll take shelter in the Douglas Exhibition Shaft. Over and out. Bob and Rick are in Denver. I gotta get up there as fast as possible. Frank, get me a load of flares. You're looking at him. You and Frank get the tents, thermal clothing, and medical supplies together. Acknowledge. Winds are too strong to get a chopper up there, Are you near any natural shelter? Over. Hold on, baby, he'll get you. Rescue One -- please be advised Ranger Walker is making advances toward my girlfriend that are liable to get his ass kicked right into space, over.The money! Throw it up or I'll kill her. Where are you, Walker? Love's a killer, isn't it? I want the money--meet me at the highest point from where you are. Don't do it and we're going to see if your angel here can fly. Copy? Tucker? Go on, fetch. A bad climb, no, just another challenge. What's life without 'em, right, Agent Travers. Suits, underwear, 100 million dollars...the usual stuff. Travers was smart enough to bring along a tracking device. Step into my office. You know how the airlines are. This is where your background in police work comes in handy--ask the questions, Travers. That was the first and last question-- now only answers. Where's the chopper? No, the goddamn game's not over! It's never over when you're playing against a team that doesn't care if they win or lose-- how do you negotiate with someone like that?! Tucker, you know where the money is-- I want it. Travers, you're not running things. I'm touched. Kristel, check the chopper, let's go. You said there was a way across. Kill a few people, they call you a murderer. When you kill millions, you're called a conqueror. Go figure. Move on Tucker, time is short. Sue me. We're not animals, but don't force us to be. Walk over. How far? No, he's close, and he's using our money to keep you alive. Nobody's worth that much on the open market. Except you, the loyal one. Didn't I tell you to warm the place up? Souvenirs? No, wrong answer. Looks like your friend plans on hanging around, that possible? Mr. Travers is not the athletic type, he needs something more direct. Talk. No tricks, no codes, no messages. You haven't found us. It was a fake call. What's he doing? Ryan, get a rope, I want the man on a leash, too. The faster you find the bags, the bigger you boys' finder's fee will be. Where's the helicopter? Get off the radio! No names, this is an open line! You got what we need? Give me the fucking code! What's the code, Travers? Insurance against him finding that last case ahead of us. Primed to go off right over his head, officer. Hey, you dealt us this hand, we're playing it all the way. Move. Good, Travers. It might catch on, like shooting skeet. Jessie? Looks like your friend found company. He can't be far away. Find him. Go! Then go fetch. Down there you buy a life, up here you earn it or die. How's your health? Man against nature, right Travers. Bring down the money or your friend's dead! Kill him when he gets down. We agree on something. And for insurance, take his coat. I haven't even got on it yet. Let's go, time to fetch. Where's the third one, Travers? Ask the questions. The monitor! I never ask twice. Were. Give me the tracking monitor! What's the delay? Why didn't you send the money over? Travers! Hurry it up.Then where the fuck is! He asked you, how far?! I think you've been taking the scenic route. How far from here? It looks like a winding route. Have her come up. Tucker and Walker, we've lost three bags. What's your names? Anyone else following? Calm down...give the gun to me. You're out of control, son. These are highly trained agents overreacting without just cause. What the hell are you doing-- Who the hell ever is. This is the most protected shipment we've got-- and the most useless. These bills aren't even in circulation; the one thousand dollar bills we're transporting are only used for international banking exchange. I don't give a shit, Qualen! I had to be insane to ever tie up with a low-life, piece of shit like you. They beat us. A couple of fuckin' hick mountain boys beat the man no law agency ever could. No, that son-of-a-bitch Walker is alive. I told you, 50,000 possible keycode combinations, in fifteen second intervals. Why the hell are we wasting time here?! Is it set? This is insane. The hell with the money. You radio in for that chopper, understand! You dumb bastard, you waited too long. If he made it back, this place would have been covered with police in a few hours. The way we're moving, it's going to be anyway. We're down to a few hours before the whole world shows up here. Where's the next one? He's alive! This way. What about it? We can't and he knows it. I don't trust him. Don't give him anything. Get off my back, Qualen! There, what's that place? You're both with the mountain rescue team? Don't use my name! Why? What are you going to do?! Kill me? Christ we're partners in this! Let's move your ass in there!! Somehow I didn't think you'd wait for me if I'd sent it first. On my way. The cases are hooked up and ready. We should be. Everybody wants what we have. I haven't lost a bill in eighteen years, don't jinx me, Walt. You're the boss. Let's head out to the tarmac. Matheson, have you been totally briefed? We've got a full crew, but we can squeeze one more, right. Richard Travers. Good morning, Walt.Die, you pond scum! Fine? You're fired. Oh... I'm fired? ... what? You're lint! You're a flea! You're a blip! You're nothing. Do you understand me! You're NOBODY... Share... What do you think you're doing?! Choices??? .. Nothing. Uh, Mr. President... I don't believe that's on your agenda today. ) Listen, you little... Alan The Washington Post. What the hell is this? Mr. President... Now when she comes in, we'll move you right out to the balcony. All you have to say is `thanks for doing this, Ellen.' Be a professional. If you can convince her - - you can convince anybody. Dave... I'm not certain about... First thing we're gonna work on is the mannerisms. Alan has put together sort of a training program Right and don't embellish. For a month. Okay, let's go over it again. You met a girl, you fell in love... Don't worry about it. Now, remember -- keep it simple. We'll be back for you first thing tomorrow and if you need me for anything, Duane will be right outside the door. It happens. This is where you'll be sleeping. They barely talk anymore. Don't worry. You won't even see her. How much do you usually get paid? No more than the usual. What? Don't say a . Wave from the door... go down the stairs... get into the limo... You understand what you'll be doing? ... But as I began to investigate, I realized that this pattern of corruption extended much higher... Are you threatening me? What do you mean by that? I'll lock him away for good. Was he a senator? Is he on the Trilateral Commission? Was he in Who's Who In Washington NINE YEARS Reed wrestles him away from the door, as Bob struggles to get free. I'll destroy him, Alan. I'll shred the bastard!!! It's not his job -- It's my job! Well, I didn't mean it, Alan. Why the fuck would I want to save a homeless shelter? What I told him to? I can kill a HUNDRED ordinary people. He's not a President! He's an ordinary person. I can kill an ordinary person. I'm going to kill him. Do we have anything on the budget today? Oh. Fine. What's with the cameras? No!... WE didn't anything... Three years. You're kidding. Alan, we still have to control this guy... When does it break? I don't want him caring about his wife! What about the Vice President! Oh. Excuse me. You scheduled a whole day with the First Lady? Are you out of your mind? If we find nothing, we get creative. Just make something up. Instead of a couple weeks it'll be a couple of months. The whole thing is under control. Nobody's got clean kids. Check his kids. What about the wife? No one gets to be Vice President by being that clean. What do you mean, he's clean? I just hope this yutz can pull it off. Fine. And... What about her. Is that everybody? What about containment, Alan? I was a senator, you know. It's simple, Alan. We send the Vice- President to Africa or something, dig up some dirt on him, force him to resign and get our `President' to nominate a new one. The whole thing takes a few weeks tops. We think so. A condition... Soon. Yes - - and that he ought to be up and around sometime soon. Well, start by going on television and saying that he's had a mild stroke... Look, everything can be handled. We'll just find a way to handle it. TilT we figure something out. This is mine, Al -- all mine ... I made him. I built him. And no cocksucker is gonna come in here and take it away from me just because he to be Vice President of the United States! I don't give a shit. Just don't call him, Alan! Don't call the Vice President! Nightmare... Where's the girl? I can't believe he'd do this.I'm the President and as they say 'The buck stops here.' So I take full responsibility for every one of my illegal acts. Fine. Fine... Yeah. I said you're fired. Go on -- get outta here. Well, maybe I am. But you're fired. I'm... not... nobody... You mean the press conference? I have a couple of ideas I wanted to share with the country. Yes, Bob. Choices... Now the Commerce Department.., Great. Well it's a last minute change. Lots of shelters were in this bill. That shelter was in this bill. No... What the hell is this ? I mean, if it's a problem... `Thanks for doing this, Ellen.' ... Alright. It's in the little leaguer who may strike out but knows in his heart that at least swung... Hands to the side... Oh, sure. Remember the convention speech? Great. I promise. I won't. A month. And we're going away for a holiday. What's with her? Don't worry. Oh... Okay. Holy cow. You're kidding? First Lady... Uh -- I don't know. Sometimes it's just like a barter thing... Is this legal? The usual... Is this dangerous or anything? Uh --Mr. Alexander? Right. `Cause you know I can do other stuff. I mean, if you wanted me to talk or... Yeah... You just want me to wave, right? Well -- take care. Thanks. You did great. Maybe later you could come back and we could go to Camp David or something. It's alright. I know what you mean. Let's start at the top. So what do we do? You could buy it on payments. Choices? I'm not surprised. Can we save anywhere? I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I am the government. And who's gonna find out? I don't think so Why would they do that. They hired me. It's fine. Oh. Okay. I'll catch ya tomorrow then. Oh yeah... Me, too. You want to get dinner later? So you want to go swimming? Now he's making stuff up about me. She knows. We've got to fix this. Alan... This is wrong, Alan! What do you mean you made it all up? Let's call it a night. I can't take any more. But we went there. We saw those kids. We vetoed that? Quick. Gimme a quarter. Gimme a quarter. Fine. Yeah, but the First Lady... Couldn't we start with a cousin or something? I thought you said I wasn't going to see her. '... It's in the gentle kindness of the family kitchen as we gather together when the sun goes down...' 'America isn't in what we say here tonight -- it's in the faces and the smiles of a Sunday afternoon...' Hand on the heart... ... Somewhere there is a distant light, guiding us through this rocky shoal...' That's at a press conference. Otherwise he just puts `em right out there. At a press conference. Presence. Oh. The teleprompter. Is it hooked up? A teleprompter. I see what you mean. In the car? Well... I gues I would... Yeah. I'm not sure... I might have. Really? Crazy? No. Will he be alright? Oh my gosh... What happened? Oh my God... Extend things? Look, I'm sorry. I know you said not to talk, but when I saw the crowd I just got excited... Oh yeah... 1'm fine... Well I'm sure that's really important, but I don't want to tell some eight- year-old kid he has to sleep in the street because we want people to feel better about their cars. Do you want to tell him that? So we're spending forty-seven million dollars to make people feel better about a car they've already bought? Why? Perceptual? Does it make the cars any better? You're spending forty-three million dollars on an ad campaign to... 'Boost consumer confidence in the American auto industry.' Oh... Kinda the same way. Really? You know. Your first campaign. You ever think back to how you started. ... Sometimes they do. Yeah. Oh... Hi. I just fired Bob Alexander. They re not my attack dogs. The Fidelity nonsense... Something like what... Certainly. Ah. What are they? Oh... Thanks. Thanks, Duane. No thanks. It's not that far. Well... Oh... right... You know, ever since the stroke... Who? Oh, sure. Don't worry about it. Didn't mean to bum you out. But Bill was your king, not Bob. You're kidding. What's that? I was waiting for that jack. Call Bob and Reed. Tell them I need them immediately. Well, is that really true? I mean, would you really get killed just to save his life. Huh. You know what I always wondered the way they say you guys'd take a bullet for the President. You ever use it? You got a gun? So you just protect the President the whole time? That's your whole job? Oh. You mean you don't know or like -- you can't say. So, how long have they been like that - - you know, him and the First Lady? Really? Really? What? You're not? Oh my God... I thought it was a legitimate deduction, I swear to God. See... I need a piano for my work sometimes... It could be fun. ... Not exactly the Oval Office. I missed... I never thought I'd... I saw you on T.V... at his funeral. It's nice. Hi. What? Yeah. And it's better than not believing it Their faces are inches apart. Yeah, but we got a little bit done. And if you do a little and I do a little... then maybe the next guy'll do a little... What's wrong? That's okay. I know. I'm sorry... What? Well I guess... It was okay? I know. Well don't get carried away -- I'm not that good at it. Yeah. Is that funny? You know, secretaries and stiff. I run a temp agency. You mean when I'm not running the country? I guess. That's a secret. Just wait. I'm starving. There's got to be something open around here. Are you hungry? In fact, I'm not anything like him and... I guess I want you to know that. I'm not Bill Mitchell. What? He said he'll pick it up in a couple of days. I don't mind. Truman used it all the time. How were you gonna get home? I never wanted to hurt anybody. In fact... I even thought I was helping. Just souvenirs. Towels and stuff. Where's home? Where are you going? You're leaving? They asked me to help. I don't know. Oh yeah? Me, too. Anybody would have done it. No. Oh... Yeah. ... . Ellen. Look. If there was some mistake... What's wrong with a magic trick? I don't understand. ... How could I what? I care about the homeless. What? Thanks for doing this, Ellen? You bet. Thanks for doing this, Ellen. Uh...I would have taken a bullet for I you, Dave. You sure you don't want a lift back home? Well... The Vice-President... That's okay. You alright down here by yourself? Yeah, but Bob found me when I was stuck in Firearms and Tobacco... No... They don't kid. First thing they teach you at the academy. `Don't give me gold and silver, or other worldly things, just the pride and glory of bleeding for my King.' `Bleed for your king.' You mean with you and everything? I had a feeling. But it's ten-thirty at night. Certainly. What about it? No. Of course. Yeah. I can't say. I can't say. We'd like to hire you. On occasion for security purposes, to double for the President at the Secret Service hires someone public functions and exposed situations. Your government needs your help. No. Mr. Kovic. We're not here about your taxes.That'd be great. Well, there's lots of places where I think you can save, but I'm not the one who's ....... I mean, I'm not the one who's not the Pres... Yeah. That's how you end up with a 400 billion dollar deficit. You know -- priorities. Remember when you couldn't get your car fixed `cause you wanted to get that piano? Well, yeah. But you gotta start making some choices. I just think they make this stuff a lot more complicated than it has to be. I gotta tell ya, Dave. I've been going over this a bunch of times and a lot of this stuff just doesn't add up. Who does these books? I gotta tell ya, Dave. I've been going over this a bunch of times and a lot of this stuff just doesn't add up. Who does these books? The government This is undeclared income. They could put you in jail. I'm serious, Dave -- you could get in a lot of trouble for something like this. I was gonna do something with Joan. Dave -- I'm working.Jesus... Uh-oh... Sort of... Yeah. Just what you think I mean. Then we'll all go to jail together. Don't do this. Bob... He was only doing his job. I heard you. You said 'cut three hundred million dollars from the federal budget, and you can keep your homeless shelter.' He's only doing what you told him to. Bob... You can't kill a President. What are you gonna do? I don't think so. Hundredth cabinet meeting. I thought it was a nice touch. Dave, these things get awfully complicated sometimes... I'm telling you, Bob, it's a gift. When you got a Ferrari you don't leave it in the garage. How long have you been waiting to pass that thing? And look at this. Russell came around on the trade bill. Couple of days. Anyhow, look at these tracking polls, they'll burn up in your hands: seventy- three percent with seniors, eighty- four with working mothers... Remember that First Liberty stuff we almost got nailed on? It's gonna be great. 'Caring about his wife.' 'Spending time on her favorite issue...' It's a homeless shelter. Uh, let me get back to you... Okay, let's see... you can have him on Tuesday the 25th... You think we can keep this thing going for a couple of months! We've got nothing, Bob. This won't work. Clean. Clean. The guy's a Boy Scout, Bob. He declared frequent flyer miles on his income tax return. I mean I've checked everything. Women. Liquor... Finances. I went all the way back to his high school race for student body president. Clean. Everybody else is buying the minor stroke' story... I told her his blood pressure went up after a little incident at `the hotel.' She seems to hate him more than ever. Her?... Oh -- the First Lady... She was giving that commencement speech up in Bryn Mawr. I managed to catch her before she left the hotel. Duane's guys, but he's got them under control. I got the nurses for fifty grand a piece and the doctors for a hundred. The older one wanted head of the CDC. Oh, I know. And then when our poor President gets another stroke - - of course much more serious this time - - the newly appointed V.P. becomes the Pres... You mean we get `Dave' to nominate you as Vice President. Do you know how many different kinds of laws we've broken? Yes. Exactly. A condition. Up and around? Soon? Mild stroke? Like how? Bob, the guy had a stroke! Till what? Bob... The guy's in a coma, Bob. ... What? Look... at some point we're going to have to call the Vice President... She's a little hysterical right now. We've got her upstairs in a laundry room. I know. They say it hit both sides of his brain... Even if he makes it he's gonna be a vegetable. He's not. `Dave'? Absolutely. Well, that might be kind of tough. Once the press starts smelling blood... Oh, I know, I know... It looks awfully bad. It's really embarrassing. But it was Bob's idea. Wrong... We had to, Dave. The guy's a choir boy. Right. We can pick up on the rest tomorrow. Dave, the budget's a very complicated thing. Even I don't understand it sometimes. Now occasionally we have to make some cuts and... President vetoes works bill? What? Fine. She hardly ever sees him and it'll be so fast, she won't have a chance to tell. It's just five minutes. She comes in. You wave to the press. She leaves. Dave! Dave... Thanks, I wrote it. What? Right. Now whenever he stands at a Podium, the President always puts one hand in the pocket of his coat... I don't think so. What? Now some of this may feel a bit Strange at first. You gotta remember that even a professional Politician has Some trouble getting used to... In the car. Now, let's say the whole country. Was in that car. The entire United States of America. Well, let's say your mother was in the car and you had to get her to a hospital. You'd do it then for sure wouldn't you? You know, on an empty road where you know it's safe and nobody's around... I'm afraid so. Oh, yeah... probably... It's actually kind of serious, Dave. I'm afraid the President's not in very good shape. Well, it's... It's sort of an... an `incident' really... I know... I know... It's difficult for all of us. But sometimes we have to put our personal feelings aside and focus on the gQod of the country. Extend them. C'mere for a second. In fact, we think you did such a good job, we'd like to extend things a little bit. We're not upset with you, Dave. We think you did a terrific job. Don't we? Now, Dave, something has come up and I think we need to talk about it... You sure? A Coke or a Perrier or something? All set. Father Mclntire. He blessed you at the inauguration. It'll be on the teleprompter with the rest of the speech. We're all set, sir. We're doing our best, sir. We're working on it. Uh, yes, sir. The Monroe Hotel... I wish I had better news... Our compassion index is off seven points from the last sample and that's down eighteen on the year. The `Cares About People Like Me' numbers are really in the toilet. We're off twenty points from March and that was right after we raised interest rates...I'm gonna get your outta this. Just hang tight. Okay? Don't do anything stupid. I'll be back later. You just be cool, okay. I know, I know, I'm sorry but the Sheriff is just berserk right now. C'mon. I'm sorry. I have to bring you to a cell. Yeah... Have a good night. Sorry, I'm working now. You see, I have a job... I'm now begging you. Oh my God, Steven. Oh, c'mon, would you stop, please? Steven, c'mon, we're not thirteen... What are you doing? It was a community service. Hell, when Steven was a kid, he was like, having strippers delivered to church Bingos and shit. Jesus, Steven, that's...that's really lovely.I'm here. The what? So let's talk. Diana -- you heard from Jessica lately? Okay. What am I gonna do -- I'm locked up in a friggin' cell?! Okay. Are you crazy?! Well? Gotta go. See you guys later. Wanna know how I did that? Randy, c'mon! Randy, you dipshit! Take these off! Listen, since I got you on the phone -- ask the guys there if they wanna chip in for a hooker. I'll send her right over. Her name is Vicki. Yeah, well somebody fucked her and if I find out it was you, I'm gonna come over there and shoot you in the head. Is this Anthony?...Yeah, well, I just have one question for you, Anthony -- did you fuck my dog? ...and it's now ringing...ringing... and -- Hello? Anthony's Pizzeria? Yeah, this is officer Randy Parker over at the station. Next, you dial a number. Showing Vicki what she missed out on by being such a dull kid. Now, the first thing you need in making a prank call is, of course, a phone. This one, for instance. Absolutely. The church even sent me an autographed picture of God. Ward! I mean, how can you go through life without never having made a prank call? She did have a miscarriage, didn't she? Didn't she?! She did! No -- she left me! After her miscarriage, I -- Look, I know I treated her bad -- About Jessica. She asked me to come over. She said she had something to tell me. I didn't kill her! I know what it sounds like. I've told you the truth. How many times do you want to hear this? He was dead. He had to be dead... Ten dollars! Hell, I can't do that to you -- you can have her for a pizza. She's a waitress at Joey B's but she needs some extra cash. Ward's the pimp. Disgusting? Bingo night was sold out for six months after that! They raised enough money to build a day care center. I'm sorry to hear that. A famous man once said -- there is no worse regret then a temptation resisted. You mean never as in really never, or never as in it was just so stupid you don't want to tell us about it? What do you mean you've never made a prank call?Ellie, get the gun! Try to reach the gun! Ellie - - get back and boot up the door locks! It's just the two raptors, right? You're sure the third one's contained? Are you sure? - - and swallows fresh ones. - - what happens is that after a while, the stones get smooth, every six weeks, so the animal regurgitates them - - - - a gizzard - - - - like birds - - - - totally incidental unrelated to the feeding pattern - - Elm that's it, it explains the periodicity, the - - Not just every six weeks. Ellie, I've been thinking there's something about the periodicity doesn't had up. Oh Ellie. It's so beautiful. It's the most beautiful thing I ever saw. Dilophosaurus. Wait a minute! How do you interrupt the cellular mitosis?!? We're out of a job. How did you do it?! How did you do this?! Ellie, they're absolutely - - they're moving in herds. They do move in herds! Say again? Ellie, we can tear up the rule book on cold-bloodedness. It doesn't apply, they're totally wrong! This is a warm-blooded creature. They're totally wrong. The movement! What kind of park is it? And what are those? Uh, this is our paleobotanist, Dr Ellie..... Yeah, plenty. Some of them can't walk! The Cretaceous. They know very little about the Jurassic Period they know less about the Cretaceous. They do smell. Some of them smell.. babies smell. They smell. Oh, Ellie, look. They're noisy, they're messy, they're sticky, they're expensive. Yeah, I know, you know...kids. You want to have one of those? Yes. Good shape, too. Five, six feet high. I'm guessing nine feet long. Look at the - - That's good. That's right! They died around a dried-up puddle! Without fighting each other. This is looking good. The taphonomy sure looks that way. Four complete skeletons. . . . such a small area. . . the same time horizon - - Tim, I'm right here. Easy catch. Easy catch. Count to Three.. Tim, you're going to have to let go of the fence. Tim! Get down right now. Get off the fence! Now! Go, go, go, jump! Tim, you're gonna have to let go. I'm going to count to three. It's a bit of a climb. You guys think you can make it? Amphibian DNA. You know what this is? It's a dinosaur egg. The dinosaurs are breeding. This is a seventy-seven ton animal. Come on over, Lex! Just think of it as a big cow. Look at it's teeth? Come here, girl. This is a seventy-seven ton animal. Just think of it as a big cow! Come on, try some. Take a bite. Take a bite, take a bite. I'm not letting go. You got me. I don't know. What do you call a blind dinosaur? Could you guys possibly cool that for a - - It's okay to call them brontosaurs, Tim. It's a great name. It's a romantic name. It means "thunder lizard". Maybe -- it's hard to say. You'll probably be safe enough on your own -- 'Course you could just wait in there while we go back and get help. So am I going to help you with your foot? Me too. Okay. Well, the main thing about climbing is never, never look down, never. It's just like coming out of a tree house. Did your dad ever build you a tree house, Tim, eh? Okay, that's not so bad, ah Tim? That's okay. Listen, give me your hand. Tim, I'll come back for you. I'll get Lex out first. Tim, are you okay? Are you okay? Can you move? Tim! Are you okay? Triceratops was a constant browser, and constant browsers would be constantly sick. Really? Tim. Which car were you planning on - - Listen, ahh - - Oh, yeah - - great. There's gotta be something - - We gotta do something. Relatively. Keep absolutely still - - it's vision's based on movement! Where does he think he's going? Fine. I didn't say you were scared. What's to be scared about? It's just a little hiccup in the power. Well, I didn't ask. Why wouldn't they be? Their radio's out too. Gennaro said to stay put. No. Yeah, they hate me. I must've touched something. This happens all the time. It must be my fault. Machines hate me. What'd I touch?! Why? You're married? You got any kids? You have no idea. Cloning from What?! Loy extraction has never recreated an intact DNA strand! Try to! Mr. Hammond, I've decided not to endorse your Park. What does he mean by "target audience"? Who? Do they show intelligence? With the brain cavity like theirs we assumed - - Alan Grant. Tell me, what kind of metabolism do they have? What's their growth rate? rate of growth. Blood temperature feels like high eighties. Let's get outta here! Can't you stop these things?! - - and you're going to sit there and try to tell me it can push blood up a thirty-foot neck without a four-chambered heart and get around like that?! Like that!? This is like a knockout punch for warm-bloodedness. That thing's got a what, twenty-five, twenty-seven foot neck? - - this would be an awfully unusual time - - No, I'm sorry, that wouldn't be possible. We've just discovered a new skeleton, and - - What kind of opinions? I, uh, don't really know any. We - - And who in God's name do you think you are....? Hey, we were saving that! What works? I am gonna have to find the others and get you to a doctor. Will you look after Tim, Lex? I'm coming up there Tim! I'm coming to get you! Lex, I've got to get him! It's am easy catch, you let - - go - - you do the counting, you count it, Tim. One, two, three -- you do all the counting, okay? Shhhh. Tim, I'm right here below you. Easy catch. One, two, three. You count it yourself. One, two, three - - Timmy, let go! You're gonna have to let go! Count to three. I'll catch you. C'mon Tim, move down, damn it! Okay. Keep low. Follow me. Bet you'll never look at birds the same way again! Watch how it eats! Well, on the tour - - the film said they used frog DNA to fill in the gene sequence gaps. They mutated the dinosaur's genetic code and blended it with that of frogs. Now, some West African frogs have been known to spontaneously change sex from male to female, in a single sex environment. Malcolm was right! Look, life found a way! You're a beautiful big animal. It's okay! It's okay! It's a brachiosaur! All night. I'll stay awake. I guess we'll just have to evolve too. They're just doing what they do. Well the other kind - - - - just do what they do. Tim, Tim, Tim.... No, I didn't hear anything. No, we're okay. Go that's the way we're going to go. What do you say? It's safe. I'm trying to use psychology to get you out of the drain, you know! That's not what I'm going to do. Good! Shhh - - I'm right here, Lex. I'm going to look after you. I'm going to help your brother. I want you to stay here and wait for me, okay? Let's get you out. Tim! Lex!- - shutting down the system is the only way to guarantee wiping out everything he did. If I understand correctly, all the system will come back on their original start-up modes correct? We're talking, my dear, about a calculated risk, which is the only option left to us. We will never find the command NEDRY used. He covered his tracks far too well, and I think it's obvious he's not coming back. So shutting down the system - - Where did the vehicles stop? Find Nedry! Check the vending machines! What now? Well, Nedry said a few systems would go off-line, didn't he? What? So how much for our first tour. Two no-shows and one sick triceratops. Rotten luck, this storm. Get my grandchildren on the radio will you? I don't want them to worry about a wee bit of rain. Damn! You're sure we have to? Stop the program! Stop the program! Good! Keep going, now. The cable will terminate in a big, gray box. Well, because you're a - - I'm a - - But you know, I should really be the one going . This is just a delay, that's all this is. All major theme parks have had delays. When they opened Disneyland in 1956, nothing worked, nothing. Once we have control again we - - You're absolutely right. Yes, you're right. Hiring Nedry was a mistake, that's obvious. We're over- dependent on automation, I can see that now. But that's all correctable for the next time around. But with this place, I - - I wanted to give them something real, something that wasn't an illusion, something they could see and touch. An aim devoid of merit. A carousel - - and a seesaw. They all moved, motorized of course, but people would swear they could see the fleas. "I see the fleas, mummy! Can't you see the fleas?" Clown fleas, high wire fleas, fleas on parade... They'll all be fine. Who better to get the children through Jurassic Park than a dinosaur expert? We're - - still perfecting a viewing system. The raptors seem to be a bit resistant to integration into a park setting. Give time, they'll out draw the T-rex. Guarantee it. Fascinating animals, fascinating. Could I have a tissue please? There you are. Out you come. Come along. I know my way around a kitchen. Come along. I'm sorry for the dramatic entrance, but I'm in a hurry. Will you have a wee bit of a drink now and then? Brakes? No. No brakes. They're electric cars, guided by this track in the roadway, and totally non-polluting, top of the line! Have a heart gentlemen. Their parents are getting a divorce and they need the diversion. I don't believe it. I expected you to come down here and defend me from these characters and the only one I've got on my side it the bloodsucking lawyer!? That's conservative, of course. There's no reason to speculate wildly. - - from combined revenue streams for all three parks should reach eight to nine billion dollars a year - - Donald, this park was not built to carter only to the super rich. Everyone in the world's got a right to enjoy these animals. Relax Donald, relax. They're scientists. They ought to be curious. No, we don't have any animatronics here. These are the real miracle workers of Jurassic Park. Forty-eight hours from now, I'll be accepting your apologies. Now get out of the way. So I can see them! And the concrete moats, and the motion sensor tracking systems. Donald, dear boy, do try to relax and enjoy yourself. After careful consideration, Dr. Grant - - so have I. You four are going to have a little company out in the park. Spend a little time with our target audience. Maybe they'll help you get the spirit of this place. Ah - - they're here. Yes, yes, yes, which is why we take extreme precautions. They viewing area below us will have eight-inch tempered glass set in reinforced steel frames to - - Robert. Robert Muldoon, my game warden from Kenya. Bit of an alarmist, I'm afraid, But he's dealt with the raptors more than anyone. Wu? Sorry! It's kind of a ride! We clocked the T-rex at thirty-two miles an hour. The brachiosaur? Thirty. For a further three years. I could compensate you by fully funding your dig Well, it's - - right up your alley. Look, why don't you both come on down for the weekend. Love to have the opinion of a paleobotoanist as well. I've got a jet standing by at Choteau. Not to put a fine point on it, your kind. Let's face it, in your particular field, you're the top minds. If I could just get you two to sign off on the park - - you know, give a wee testimonial - - I could get back on schedule - - - -schedule. Well, I'm afraid I do. There's one, a particular pebble in my shoe. He represents my investors. He says they insist on outside opinions. Not just kids - - for everyone. We're going to open next year. Unless the lawyers kill me first. I don't care for lawyers. You? John Hammond. And I am delighted to finally meet you in person Dr Grant. For today, I guarantee it. That will teach you to trust Grandpa. I think perhaps I'll just sit down. I don't suppose you think all that much of me now, do you? I don't understand this Luddite attitude, especially from a scientist. How could we stand in the light of discovery and not act? But this is nature! Why not give an extinct species a second chance?! I mean, Condors. Condors are on the verge of extinction - - if I'd created a flock of them on the island, you wouldn't be saying any of this! have anything to say at all! You don't give us our due credit. Our scientists have done things no one could ever do before. Alright Donald, alright, but just let him talk. I want to hear all viewpoints. I truly do. I truly am. Your silence intrigues me. Don't do that! A load, if I may say so. of fashionable number crunching, thats all it is! Codswollop! Ian, you've never come close to explaining these concerns of yours about this island! You'll have to get use to Dr. Malcolm! He suffers from a deplorable excess of personality, especially for a mathematician! I don't blame people for their mistakes, but I do ask that they pay for them. I will not get drawn into another financial conversation with you, Dennis. I really will not. I'm sorry about your financial problems. I really am. But they are your problems. Robert - - I wonder if perhaps you would be kind good enough to take a gas jeep and bring back my grandchildren. Well? Tell them when they get back to the cars. Ray, start the tour program. Why didn't I build in Orlando?Yes. It's not a criticism, by the way. Yes? That'll - it'd be a first; man and dinosaur all die together. John's plan. Must go faster, go, go. Open it up, 5th gear, 5th gear! Here it comes! Stand on it! Fifth - stand on it, 5th gear, go! Must go faster, it's getting closer - must go faster! Please - - chance it. Dino droppings? No one could have predicted Dr. Grant would suddenly jump out of a moving vehicle! And even if we haven't seen it yet, I'm quite sure it's going on in this park right now. Microscopic - - never repeat, and vastly affect the outcome. That's what? - - on your hand, the amount of blood distending in your vessels, imperfections in the skin - - It changed. Why? Okay, back over your wrist. Because and here is the principle of tiny variations - - the orientations of the hairs - - It simply deals with unpredictability in complex systems. It's only principle is the Butterfly Effect. A butterfly can flap its wings in Peking and in Central Park you get rain instead of sunshine. You see? The tyrannosaur doesn't obey set patterns or park schedules. It's the essence of Chaos. God creates dinosaurs. God destroys dinosaurs. God creates man. Man destroys God. Man creates dinosaurs. It's anti-nature. And scary. I know, it's very exciting. That's right. Will break through. No? Non-linear equations? Strange attractions? Dr. Sattler, I refuse to believe that you are not familiar with the concept of attraction! What? What can we do? Oh my God! You're sure?! When you gotta go, you gotta go. I know. I didn't say I was scared. Kids get scared. The kids okay? You want to talk about this? Machines hate you? You haven't touched didn't touch anything. We're stopping. We've stopped. Why? Oh, I'm sorry. Are you two, uh - - are? I wish you the best luck. By the way, Dr. Sattler - she's not like, uh, available, is she? - - Occasionally. Always on the lookout for the future ex- Mrs. Malcolm. Me? Oh, hell yes. Three. I love 'em. I love kids. Anything at all can and does happen. to Ellie) You will remember to wash your hands before you eat anything? to Grant) She's, uh - - tenacious. Not without massive sequence gaps! So you two dig up dinosaurs? Wait a minute? What do you mean "worked"? Everything is still off! You're all right, John You're okay. It's just you don't have intelligence. You have "thinktelligence." You think narrowly and call it "being focused." You don't see the consequences. You're very good at solving problems, at getting answers - - but you just don't know the right questions. There's nothing that great about discovery. What's so great about discovery? It's a violent, penetrative act that scars what it explores. What you call discovery I call the rape of the natural world! Hold on - - this is no species that was obliterated by deforestation or the building of a dam. Dinosaurs had their shot. Nature selected them for extinction. Your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could that they didn't stop to think if they should. Science can create pesticides, but it can't tell us not to use them. Science can make a nuclear reactor, but it can't tell us not to build it! Don't you see the danger, John, inherent in what you're doing here? Genetic power is the most awesome force ever seen on this planet. But you wield it like a kid who's found his dad's gun. John, the kind of control you're attempting is not possible. If there's one thing the history of evolution has taught us, it's that life will not be contained. Life breaks free. It expands to new territories. It crashes through barriers. Painfully, maybe even.. dangerously, but and...well, there it is. Dr. Grant, Dr. Sattler -- you've heard of Chaos Theory? John, John. I certainly have! Very clearly! Because of the behavior of the system in phase space! John doesn't subscribe to Chaos, particularly what it has to say about his little science project! Chaotician, actually! Chaotician!Yeah. In a box under my seat. People were gettin' bloody noses - - things on your head - - aneurisms - - Up and down, up and down! Dilophosaurus. I can't see. Are you crazy? What if you miss? I hate it up here. You're crazy! I'm not gonna jump! I can't! I'm scared! Nope. But - - my grandpa said all the dinosaurs were girls. It's good protein. Come on, Lex. Why don't you touch it? Look at his nose. It's so strong! Look at its nose. Need help? A Do-you-think-he-saurus Rex. A Do-you-think-he-saurus. What do you call a blind dinosaur's dog? What do you call a blind dinosaur? Straight-A brainiac! "Thunder lizard!" I doubt it. That's a good idea. What if the car falls? What if the wheels fall? This is impossible. How am I going...I can't make it. This is...it's about fifty feet. No. Yes it is. I threw up. I'm stuck. The seat's got my feet! These look kind of familiar. And his book was a lot fatter than yours. Whichever one you are. Tim. Because they sure don't look like birds to me. I heard a meteor hit the earth and made like this one hundred mile crater someplace down in Mexico - - I read your book. Shut up! You're scaring me. Stop! You're scaring me. I'm afraid I am gonna fall! That was great! Hey Lex, you forgot to say gazundheit. Hey Lex, ahhhchooo! Hey Lex, com here. That's what I said! You're a nerd! They don't call you people hackers anymore - - they call you people nerds! That means they only eat vegetables. But for you, I think they'd make an exception. Yeah, you weren't in that last one. I hate trees! What if we fall? I hate trees. Why did you do this? Turn it off, Lex! Turn it off! Excellent. Thanks for the presents.It's here!!! It's the wrong way! That way. Then we'll go home? Yes...Thanks, Albert. Think you could print up those schematics? Could you play ARCADE with that? How the hell did you do that? Just tell me the fucking riddle. What's the riddle? How do you stop The Screamer? What do you mean? Does that thing work? What is it? We can take the dunes down like a ski slope. Pretend you're on a snowboard. Christ...no time... I don't want to talk about it. So that's what we almost died for? We can't reach that! What the fuck is that?! What?! There's nothing here! Shit... Hey, my strength's low. Look out for Fireflies. And we've still got time left. This was a piece of cake. Right, then... Okay. It's West. Which way do you think Level Two is? I'll take the lead and handle the physical threats. You watch the elapsed time and look for exits. That's what I was hoping you'd say. Thanks. Always wanted to do that. Don't even say it. Okay. Give us a kiss? We're actually inside, aren't we? I know. It sucks. I don't want anything to happen to you. I care about you. You don't get it, do you? No. If you're smart, you run like hell. I know how to do this! I'm good at these games. You never play, you'd be nailed in an instant. You're not coming, Alex. It can turn itself on, Alex! It doesn't need a quarter. I don't understand. It wants us to play the game. It's been taunting us ... A way to hook this helmet into the game. I'm sure there are interfaces... Alex... Yeah. The Inferno. I've been thinking about that. ARCADE's like a virus, so it seems like the place to hit him would be where the virus started. You know, like his point of origin? Everything. Jesus Christ! Get that helmet. If we're going to play ARCADE, I want every advantage possible. Go outside, get your car, and meet me out front with the engine running. And make it quick, okay? We're not getting very far into the levels and we kind of thought maybe we could talk to a programmer, learn some tricks and stuff... I mean, you don't want us kids running around school saying your game's too hard, right? What Alex is trying to say is that it "seems" like it's alive. Drives 'em crazy every time. You realize that in order to do that, we'd actually have to play the game. You mean we learn the rules... What? I don't know. Give me a break, Alex. What are we going to tell them? Excuse me, officer, but there's some sort of electronic monster loose in the phone lines. I'd think twice about calling any of those 976 numbers... It's already out. Right. And then communication satellites, and then anywhere. It's growing. Getting stronger. Maybe it's only localized now... Maybe it is alive in a way...some sort of electronic intelligence. It's like a computer virus that developed a personality or something. It's self-replicating...it mimics life. It's not just the cable system. It's in the phone system as well, the electronic net. It's everywhere. That's what I thought. My house. I want to try something. We'll call 911. Look around Alex. We broke in, smashed the t.v., no one's going to believe what happened here! Then leave her. What?! It doesn't necessarily mean she's... Where to now? Well? Okay. We'll see what's up. But if things are cool, I don't want to hear anything more about this. Life's too short, know what I mean? No way. It's not this weird. It'll make sense. Everything gets weird this late anyway, right? It's two o'clock in the morning. Go home. Go to sleep. We'll figure something out in the morning. It's the middle of the night. They're asleep. Phone didn't wake them. Sorry. Maybe I need the Valium. No it didn't. It's just a faulty relay or something. It happens. Quiet. I do have parents, you know. You imagined it. How?! It's a machine, Alex. Machine's don't think. They're not alive. It's a good program, a brilliant program, it was designed so it would act as if it were alive, but it's not alive. Alex, I think you're freaking out. Greg's gone, I'll give you that. And maybe he's in trouble. But it's not ARCADE that's doing it... Happy? I'm in the middle of it... What do you mean by "weird"? Alex, you don't know how long I've waited for this. It's twelve-thirty! We are talking... What the hell are you talking about? Have you played the game yet? It's incredible! I was just... Hey, kid. So take his car home. Wait. I'm sure he's up to something... Hmmm. He said you were going to have dinner? Guess he took off... You have his keys, right? The Air-Force is working on the same thing. Sign me up. So how do I start? So what's the scenario? Am I saving a princess? Fighting Zombies? "Escape"? That's impossible. So what's so different about Arcade? You guys've been talking about it for months.Yes, Bob, I do. Excuse me? Am I being fired? K-R-O-one. Sorry... What's wrong with my face? You want to know what's wrong with my face? I've got a skin condition. Next question, Bob? No more questions? Fine. Now can you help me find the complaint? Bob... I don't know what to do, Bob. Yes! Bailey, Brackman. If MacroSystems wins, an energetic, young company will be destroyed, five thousand Americans will be out of work. Moreover, the laws of copyright and anti-trust were enacted to prevent exactly the kind of bullshit Macrosystems is trying to pull. In a word, Bob... Excuse me, Charles. With all due respect... this is... preposterous! It doesn't make any sense, it sounds as if we're talking about someone else. Pardon the lack of humility, but I've had the distinct impression I was kind of... one of the rising stars around here. And I feel that wasn't just my imagination. And I also think I deserve to know what's really going on here, Charles. Really? Who thinks that, sir? Perhaps... you're right. I've certainly been busy. With the Kronos complaint, a preliminary injunction hearing and the Saunders trial all falling at the same time... There won't be a next time, I guarantee it. You're right, I probably just misfiled... Whacked with a racquetball. I appreciate your faith in my abilities. Thanks, Walter. Because they deserve to, Walter. Whatever. I'm ready... I'm not ready to die. You want me to give up? Let this thing turn us into victims ? I'm not going to die. What's that mean?! Maybe I should start making plans, is that what you think? Start planning my memorial service? "Begin to prepare for the inevitable." You're scared. You think we're near the end. You don't think there's much time left, do you? ALLRIGHT IT'S CLOSED! Jesus! I'm not going to close the-- What's wrong with you? Fuck you. This shit's probably not doing me any good anyway. I said, skip it, Michael. It's my treatment. I have too much work to do. Skip the treatment. You got that right, Mikey... You still believe that, don't you? Jerk... What did you say? I promise! One hour! You're not smiling. Thanks for leaving school, and coming here, and... I will be back. An hour, tops. You're not going to like this. Please try to smile... That's the third time. I better call the office. Would you relax, please? He's not sorry, okay, fine. Why don't we see what we find out from the blood work? I'll work on getting a specimen, I'm sure hospital food could help in that direction. Maybe, by then, we'll hear from my doctor, and we'll go from there. Okay? Everybody happy? A reaction to AZT... I almost didn't make it to the bathroom, Miguel. I almost lost control right in front of everybody. Aren't you giving an exam? Thanks, you guys. I'm seeing him this afternoon. You can save it for the jury, Charles. I want to hear you say, under oath, in front of a judge and a jury, I'm a bad lawyer. Gentlemen. Counselor. A carrot?! If you'd lost confidence in me, why did you give me the Kronos suit? Honesty is always best. I know that, Charles. Of course. Thanks, Charles. It is, and it isn't, Charles. Macrosystem's new software copies all the best-known elements of Kronos' spreadsheet program. If they're allowed to sell it, Kronos will get undersold right out of business. For me, the legal principle, involved is copyright infringement. He's upset, he's sorry. This is my partner. We keep records of hospital visits. Nothing personal. Sounds delightful. About my blood work? Thanks for coming by. Sure thing. Excellent work, Joe. I thank you. A good start. What do you call a thousand lawyers chained together at the bottom of the ocean? Yes. Yes. On my torso. Well... many things. But I think the thing I love the most, is that every once in a while, not that often, but occasionally... you get to be part of justice being done. It's really quite a thrill when that happens. I love the law. I know the law. I excel at practicing it. It's the only thing I've ever wanted to do. I'm an excellent lawyer. You don't bring your personal life into a law firm. You're not supposed to have a personal life, really. Anyway, I did plan to tell Charles, eventually. But then, this thing happened at the tennis club... No. I didn't. I still am. I suppose you could say that. It's possible I was infected with the HIV virus at that time, but I wasn't diagnosed until several years later. Possessed of an encyclopedic knowledge of the law. A razor sharp litigator, a genuine leader, gifted at bringing out the very best in others. An awesome ability to illuminate the most complex of legal concepts to colleagues, courtrooms, the person on the street. The kind of person who plays three sets of tennis but doesn't sweat. But underneath the elegant surface, was an adventurous spirit. He was... the kind of person I thought I wanted to be. Particularly, Charles. I'll look over the Q and A. Want to hear my favorite aria? Thanks. Do you like opera? I've made provisions in my will for some charities. Miguel will need a lawyer. I know it's not your area... What happens? There's a possibility I won't be around for the end of this trial. What have you prayed for? Do you... pray? Charles. Okay. Miller? Uh huh... Thank you for sharing that with me, Joe. You survived your first gay party intact. Correct. No, we have to do it. But later, allright? Excuse me, I'm having a goddamn party, is that allright with you? What do you want? Let's find you a drink. Not bad. I had a blood transfusion today. I feel great. It's me, you dork. PARRTYY! Any settlement agreement must include, and this is critical, a letter of exoneration, making clear my termination had nothing to do with the quality of my work. Arline decision. Supreme Court. Thank you. No. They didn't fire her. The partner who spotted the lesion, Walter Kenton, used to work for Benton, Myers, in D.C. There's a paralegal there, Maria Torres. She's had lesions on and off for three years. She says it was common knowledge around the office that her lesions were caused by AIDS. One of the partners spotted a lesion on my forehead. Rayisha. Very nice. What's her name? I'm a lawyer. How's your baby? What? Fine. Don't send flowers, Joe. I'm not dead yet. Thanks for your time. Look. I know I have a case. If you don't want to take it for personal reasons... They sabotaged me. Joe, from the day I arrived to the day they fired me, I performed consistently, thoroughly and with absolute excellence. And if they hadn't fired me, that's what I'd be doing today. The law says people with disabilities cannot be terminated, so long as they can perform the duties required by their position... As in, the vegetable? Charles, I must apologize again, for the Kronos mishap. It was a scary few minutes around here. Wow. But thank God, the complaint was found. And no damage was done. Makeup. I dove back into work, everything was fine. Until the lesions started... Miguel Alvarez. We've lived together for nine years. My lover and I. I was diagnosed with AIDS eight months ago. During a bout of pneumonia. I recovered quickly and was back at work in ten days. Since I was doing so well on the AZT, we decided against telling anyone about it. Nine. I misplaced an important complaint. That's their story. Want to hear mine? Correct. I'm seeking representation. I was fired by Wyant Wheeler. I plan to bring a wrongful termination suit against Charles Wheeler and his partners. Kids are great. Congratulations. New baby? It's okay. Can I sit down? I have AIDS. Client of yours? Defined by Webster's as harmless. Your Honor, I submit there were no complaints until Counselor began knocking on doors, drumming up business. And the dust, which Counselor refers to, has appeared on only three occasions. Each time it has been examined and the results... Get down to Word Processing. Help Jamey look. Fucking Word Processing lost my Kronos complaint. Which must be filed by fucking five o'clock! If it's late, there's no case... Every problem has a solution. Catch me later, I'll be here. And tell Amy, I love her painting, it's on my wall. Rach. No. I can't really see it. By the time I was fired, there were four lesions on my face, much bigger... One. Here, in front of my ear. Absolutely. That's right. Yes. Miguel has not been infected. As I said, we weren't aware of AIDS, then, or how it is spread. Yes. In some situations. Some do. I didn't. No. That is not correct. I never lied about it. No. I'd heard of something . The gay plague, gay cancer, but... we didn't know how you could get it, or that it could kill you. That happened once. People weren't talking about AIDS then, the way we are now. Or safe sex. It's impossible to know exactly when or how I was infected with HIV. I guess it was 1984, 85. Yes. Yes. Gay movies. Not unnecessary ones. In my work? Yes. Calculated risks. You have to. Something like that. Thanks, Mom... Dad? Mom? Where's Dad? Hi, Mom. How do you feel on your fortieth anniversary? Gillman says I'm fine. My blood work is excellent. T-cells are up. Just a sec ... Yes, I think that would alleviate most of our concerns. My platelets look good too. Hold on, Mom. There's no way my client will go along with that. I'm fine. Hi, Mom. It's me.You bet. We'll see you later. I better get home. Lisa and I are having some friends over. It was good working with you, Andrew. You're welcome. Hey. Shouldn't you put that thing back on? What? Thank you. Can you see the lesions on your chest in this mirror? If it please the court, I'd like to ask Mr. Beckett to remove his shirt, so that the jury can have an accurate idea of what we're talking about. Do you have any lesions on any part of your body, at this time, that resemble the lesions that were on your face at the time you were fired? What do you love about it? What makes you an excellent lawyer? Are you a good lawyer? Can you explain why you didn't? In the years you worked at Wyant Wheeler, did you ever tell Charles Wheeler you were gay? Except... you were gay? A regular all-American guy? You didn't look then, the way you look now? Obviously, at this time, you weren't sick. What kind of person is that? What impressed you about him? You're ready, don't worry. Opera? Opera? I know a good probate lawyer. We proceed, representing your estate. I've considered that. For a healthy baby. For Lisa to make it through the delivery. For the Phillies to get into the playoffs. Then we establish how Wheeler's boys recruited you after law school... What? Beckett? When you refer to Wheeler, call him Charles, to show how you'd been admitted to the inner circle, you were considered one of them. Let's review these notes for your testimony. We have a big day on Monday. Let me tell you something, okay? When you're brought up, like the rest of us, in a place like where I was brought up, there's not a whole lot of discussion about... homosexuals. As a kid, you're taught right away that queers are weird, queers are funny, they're a danger to kids, they're afraid to fight, and they all want to cop your joint. And that pretty much sums up the general thinking out there, if you want to know the truth. You're right. You think I'm uncomfortable... Thank you. Sure. It's fine. Beer. We need to go over your Q and A. Get it? I'm a law suit. Beckett. You seem... better. Energized, more alive... We're friends of Beckett's. One more thing, Your Honor... Arline? There is no relevant precedent. So Kenton connected the... lesion, and whatever suspicions he had about your personal life... to this woman, Maria... and blew the whistle on you. Suddenly you're losing files, and it's time to let you go. But, up to this point, you've been their Golden Boy, their rising star... Their behavior is... inconsistent. They didn't fire her? How did they find out? Rayisha. Huh? Oh. Great. She's great. Find a lawyer? Who'd you get? Oh, Beckett. How's it goin'? Beckett? I'm sorry about... what's happened to you. It's a fucking kick in the head. Correct. I don't. I knew you were going to say that. I don't buy it, and I don't see a case. Okay... They want you out. It's against the law to fire you for having AIDS, so they make you look like a fuck up. Which leads us to the mysterious, lost file. Okay, okay... They discover you have this horrible, disgusting, terminal illness, and they panic, for any number of perfectly valid reasons. They're frightened for themselves, their families... Maybe it's the homo angle. Maybe they don't want to rub elbows with someone who's just popped out of the closet with a terminal case of acne. And how do they explain your status to the client for Chrissake? I buy that. Big trouble. Hell, they are staring. What's that shit on your face? Continue. Your... lover? We? Continue. How many lawyers did you go to, before you called me? Continue. You want to sue Wyant Wheeler Hellerman Tetlow and Brown? Thanks, Beckett. I'm real excited about it. What can I do for you? Little baby girl. One week old. Uh, yeah. Whoa-oh! Sorry, I... Jesus Christ, what happened to you? Funny. I know what it means. Your Honor, imagine how the children in this neighborhood have been made to feel. The pounding of construction ringing in their ears as this skyscraper, a tribute to mankind's greed, grows daily, casting an ominous shadow over their lives, filling them with dread even as they are surrounded in a black, toxic fog, blocking out the sun while poisoning their lungs! And Counselor calls it harmless?! Innocuous? Your Honor, since Rockwell Corp. began construction, the surrounding residential neighborhood has been enshrouded in a cloud of foul-smelling, germ-carrying, pestilent dust. My client is being forced to breathe known carcinogens daily! Other residents are coming forth on a daily basis to add their voices of outrage! Thank you. No more questions. What did you say? Your earrings? In what way? No. Have you ever felt discriminated against, at Wyant Wheeler? Ms. Burton. You're black. Your Honor, if Mr. Beckett was forced by his illness to use a wheelchair, would the defense ask him to park it outside? We're talking about AIDS, we're talking about lesions. Let's see what we're talking about. Objection! I'll withdraw. You were aware, when you worked with Maria Torres, that she had AIDS, correct? I'll rephrase. Did you have anything to do with this file being... misplaced? And, when lawyers break the law, when this society loses respect for the law, when that day comes, our cherished institutions will be burned to the ground, and our children and grandchildren will live like savages. Uh.... No. Not really. Get real. Thanks, Doc, but I don't need an AIDS test. Are you crazy? But thanks for the information. Really. It doesn't travel through the air, by breathing, or touching, right? The guy sat in my office! You can't get AIDS that way, right? You want to give me an AIDS test ?! Why are we going to do that? Yeah, but Doc, isn't it true they keep finding out new things about this disease? So you tell me, today, there's no danger, and I go home, and I hold my baby, and six months from now I hear on the news: "whoops! We were wrong.' You can carry it on your clothes, your skin, and now I've got to worry about my kid. What are you doing? Right. I'm not worried. What are you doing? Five months ago you characterized Andrew Beckett as caviar and now you're calling him a cheeseburger. Your standards have shifted a great deal, and I'd like to know why you've changed your mind. It's a long way between being overwhelmed and being satisfied. A cheeseburger may be satisfying whereas caviar and champagne and roast duck and baked Alaska for dessert might be considered overwhelming. Do you agree? Did that thrill, impress and overwhelm you? Okay, Mr. Laird. Explain this to me like I'm a four year old: Did Andrew Beckett win your lawsuit for you or not? According to the deposition, you said you were "thrilled, impressed, overwhelmed" by the quality of Andrew Beckett's work. Do you remember saying that? Mr. Laird, when I approached you about being a witness at this trial, and you agreed, you gave sworn testimony in a deposition. Is that correct? Were you pleased with his work? But, Andrew Beckett was in charge of litigation for the suit. Andrew Beckett represented your company in a lawsuit in 1990, is that correct? What kind of people? Explain to me, if you can, Mr. Wheeler, explain this to me like I'm a ten year-old. This trial is not about a disease, is that what you're saying? Not about your understandable, if unfounded, fear of catching AIDS through casual contact with someone who has it? You're saying, this trial is about Andrew Beckett's character. Am I getting this right? But he's got lots of other people's lives to ruin... In a word, yes. You're in trouble. You're the asshole, buddy. Don't you know this is exactly the kind of bullshit that makes people hate you guys? Relax? I ought to kick your faggoty little ass for you! What's the matter with you? Do I look gay to you? Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa... do you think... ? You think I'm ... ... gay? Great. Good school. What year? I'll see you in an hour, max. Did I ever tell you, I hate costume parties? Great, Lisa. Thank you. Lisa, c'mon. One guy sticking his dick in another guy's mouth? It's disgusting. Yeah... ? Very funny. I had a box of Pampers under my arm for Chrissake! Is there some kind of expression I've picked up from Beckett?! Some kind of fairy attitude I've unconsciously adopted?! Am I walking different?! Some kind of vocal thing?! Have I picked up some kind of homo vibe ?! Would you take a client if you were constantly thinking: "I hope this guy doesn't touch me. I don't even want him to breathe on me?" And the way they work out, pumping up, so they can be macho and faggot at the same time... I can't stand that shit. Now I'm being totally honest with you. I mean, two guys, doing the horizontal thing? I don't get it. Don't they get confused? "Is that mine? I thought it was yours." Hey, call me old fashioned, call me conservative... I think maybe you have to be a man to get just how nauseating the whole basic idea really is. Allright. I admit it: I'm prejudiced. I don't want to work with a homosexual. You got me. Since when? Your Aunt Teresa is gay? That beautiful, sensuous woman is a... lesbian ? Who? How many do you know? Not especially. You load the film... ? No, on this side... or this side? Don't move the baby! Tell Iris all about it. Take good care of Mrs. Finley, Iris. Beckett, come in. Of course you have a case! Now, I want you to go with my assistant, Iris, and fill out some forms. She'll tell you about our fee arrangement. Mrs. Finley? Any back pain since the accident? Dizziness? Nightmares? Why didn't you cross at the crosswalk? But didn't you avoid contact with Ms. Torres, after you found out she had AIDS? She says you acted repulsed by her and you avoided her, is that correct? So you are aware of the difference between a lesion and a bruise, is that correct? Like firing Andrew Beckett taught him a lesson? You taught him a lesson. How did you do that? Like... two sailors playing hide the salami. So during those long voyages, months at a time, out to sea, no women in sight, a hundred, hardworking, robust, young men, in the prime of their life, at the peak of their natural appetites, desires, their god- given, hormonal instincts ... Anything going on? Any women on board? Whoa, whoa... What do you expect them to say, you're Alan Dershowitz? Your Honor? May I have ten minutes in re-direct? You had one guy "like that?" With all due respect, Your Honor... We don't live in this courtroom, do we? Based on what my client would have earned over the next three years, including benefits and projected raises, and the extraordinary cost of medical care for someone with Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome... We would settle today for the very fair amount of one million five hundred thousand dollars. Reinstatement at full salary. Back pay covering the period of unemployment and... If it please Your Honor, we hope to settle this matter. I'll take that under consideration, Your Honor. Joseph Miller, Your Honor. Macready and Shilts Legal Services.Night, honey. My lettuce is wilting. Okay, so... help me with this one, Joe... Is it disgusting for someone to put his dick into someone's mouth? Or, is it disgusting for someone to take a dick into their mouth? Two men making love... ? Now tell me again... why is that disgusting? Joe? Have you changed your aftershave? Don't know, Joe. That's perfectly clear. Fine, Joe. Okay, Joe... Probably since she was born. Duh... Karen Berman. Aunt Teresa. My cousin Tommy who lives in Rochester. Eddie Meyers from the office. Joe Cantwell, he's one of the partners. His lover, Greg. Stanley, the guy who's putting in our kitchen cabinets. Lots. How many gays do you know? You have a problem with gays, Joe. Give me the camera, Joe.I hope you're ready for "Studs," because that's what's on. Ready for what, baby? Do you think I'm ready for it?! I hate this shit. I'm not a fucking martyr! I hate every goddamn part of it! Then, what are we, Drew?! The winners ? "Ladies and gentlemen, the first prize of AIDS goes to Andrew Beckett and his lover Miguel..." Excuse me, I'm not your lover. I'm your Care Partner. FUCK! That's right. We're on the Positive Plan. You don't have a Fatal Disease, you have Manageable Illness. Maybe you should think about it. Maybe you should think about it. No. That's not what I said. The least you can do is look at me, while I'm sticking this shit into your arm. Forget the fucking case, one hour a day, and give me a little of your time. CLOSE THE FUCKING LAW BOOK! Close the law book. That shit's saving your life, you asshole! Fuck you. We're not skipping this treatment. Hold still. Shit. The goddamn vein's clotted. We have to go the goddamn hospital, so they can change the goddamn catheter. Yes. I think it will be a simple solution. They'll put it in a syringe, inject it into your bloodstream. It'll neutralize the virus. It'll revitalize the immune system, and people with AIDS will become healthy again. I said, "Everyone's going to die, Jimmy. But Drew's not going to die of AIDS. There's a cure around the corner, and he plans to be around to take advantage of it." Drew! You're leaving the hospital? You're going into the office looking like that? Are you insane? You're going to the office?! Why are you getting dressed? I am relaxed. Don't apologize for me. It could be parasites, an infection... So what? It's nothing to be ashamed of. You have nothing to be ashamed of, okay? I said, don't worry about it. Yeah. Thanks, guys.Get a life. Fuck you! You want to kick my ass? You want to try? Asshole. Take it as a compliment. Geesh. Do I look gay to you? Relax. Aren't you? Would you like to have a drink with me? I just finished a game, I could use a beer. I don't pick up people in drug stores every day. Second.Howard. I'm Jonah. That's my dad. His name is Sam. Are you Annie? Oh God, it's major. He's kissing her on the lips. I have to stop this. This is a complete disaster. I wanted him to find a wife, but he's got the wrong one -- Please -- And you crazy? He thinks shows like this are dumb. If you didn't have an 800 number I could never get away with this -- Tell her how you don't sleep at night. Okay, but if I get yelled at, I'm never gonna listen to this show again. I don't know -- Yeah. It's very hard for him to talk about this stuff. It's like it makes him sadder. No. I'm worried about him, he's worried about me, I ride my bike to school, he follows in the car, like I'm not supposed to know he's there. Now it's Christmas, and you know what happens to people at Christmas. I've been pretty sad, but I think my dad is worse. She died. He doesn't have one now. That's the problem. It's not for me. It's for my dad. I think he needs a new wife. It's not that late in Seattle. I don't know. Do I? Window. But how am I going to get there? Eighty dollars. Do you know how much it costs to go to New York? I don't get it. Yeah. What's that? You think so? Dad, could you close the door? Sure. Okay. It was all they had. No. No. If I didn't go. I was scared of what you were gonna do. No. I'm not leaving this room until you say yes. Did too. You said we could go to New York. Shut up? Shut up??? Mom never did that. Mom never said shut up to me. Mom never yelled at me. What's wrong with Annie? Fine. I won't say anything. You can marry Count Dracula. This is the one I like. Are you going with her? It might be in the kitchen. The reason I know this and you don't is that I'm younger and purer so I'm more in touch with cosmic forces. The one who wrote us. Dad, I was talking to Jessica about reincarnation, and she thinks that probably you knew Annie in another life. Victoria? She's okay. Was Mom an adjustment? If she knew, she'd never forgive me. It would be hopeless for the two of you. It's a short word. I just called for a second. No. The water tastes better in the kitchen. I was thirsty. I thought I saw a black widow spider. Thanks for dinner. I never saw anybody cook potatoes that way. Okay. It's only ten o'clock. Why is she bringing that bag? I figure we could go to New York, catch the Knicks, and since we'd be there anyway, obviously we'd go to the Empire State Building -- She doesn't want us to go to Baltimore. She wants to meet us in New York City on Valentine's Day. On top of the Empire State Building. It's a sign. Dad! WAIT!!! -- "and while we're on the subject, let's just say right now that Brooks Robinson was the best third baseman ever. It's important that you agree with me on that because I'm from Baltimore." Dad, she thinks Brooks Robinson is the greatest. Just this one part, okay? "I have been an excellent third-baseman for as long as I or anyone else can remember, and I guarantee you will not get one past me" Listen to this -- Her name is Annie. Annie Reed. This is a good letter, Dad. Great. Sleepless and Son. Baltimore. Good. I'm starting to forget her. Like do you believe in heaven? I miss her. What do you think happens to someone after they die? Bye bye blackbird. Our house. There was water coming in all the windows. It was sinking. How do you know? Dad, this is amazing. If you play this backwards, it says "Paul is dead." Hi, Dad. Dad, this is Jessica. Jed's got cables. In the movies women are always scratching up guy's back and screaming and stuff. When they're having sex. Will she scratch up your back? If you get a new wife, I guess you'll have sex with her, huh? It doesn't. They ask you. -- a slice of pizza -- English muffin. How do you do it? Dad, you're not taking this seriously. She's willing to fly anywhere. Somewhere in the middle. This is no good. She's looking for someone French. Or Greek. "Dear Sleepless in Seattle: I live in Tulsa." Where is that? -- "Dear Sleepless in Seattle: I am an SWF"-- What is that? You have to give them your phone number or they won't let you go on the air. They called and asked for it. "Dear Sleepless in Seattle. You are the most attractive man I've ever laid ears on." Stressed. Shouldn't you have used a toggle bolt? So I can go. Jed is having a slumber party New Year's Eve and he invited me. I forgot to mention. Jed called -- P. Dad? Dad -- No, I'm not, but -- Dad, I don't know about this one -- Nobody else is going to know it was us. It plays in 50 states. Not. Right. Dad? About last night? It's a spice rack. I can hear you walking around sometimes. At first I thought it was a robber. Go ahead, tell her, Dad. There's somebody on the phone for you. His name is Sam. Dad -- I think they're announcing your flight. Sure. I'd really like that. Thank you so much. We ought to start camping again, Dad. Do you like it? What about camping? Do you like baseball? Hi. He should book now because we can get an excursion fare. Jessica's parents are travel agents and --The one in the street. I chased after you. It's you. Hi. So far so good. So. What should we talk about? How insecure we were in high school. Shirley Votypka, the first girl I ever felt up. Health. What about health? Did you know that eating six macadamia nuts is the equivalent of eating a steak? Hello. Magic. You touch her for the first time, and suddenly... you're home. It's almost like... Sure you do -- Thanks, but I'll pass. It's kind of a big night. I don't like to leave Jonah alone. Why me? What about Jay? Grace the dispatcher. Great. Great. This is great. The whole town knows. Just out of curiosity, how do you two know? The cabinets have to be redone -- And if I could describe it, it probably wouldn't be on a radio show. But what the hell. It's not one specific thing. It's more of a feeling. I don't think I could really describe it. I don't know. When I met my wife, it was so clear. I just knew . It's hard to imagine. What's she talking about? Look, Doctor, I don't want to be rude, but -- No. It's been about a year and a half. All righ... I'm not mad at you. Okay, I'm not mad at you. Jesus, are we on the air? Jonah, for God's sake -- Who is this? I'm probably not interested in whatever you're selling. Hello. This is going to be tougher than I thought. Some woman is going to want me to do it to her and I'm not going to know what it is. What is it? What's tira misu? I don't think it could let a woman pay for dinner. Seventy... eight. You mean, like, "He has the cutest butt"? Where did I hear that recently? I'm not asking you to set me up, Jay. That's not what I need your help for. I want to know what it's like over there. Well, okay. What's the big deal? If she'll forget the new fireplace, I'll marry her. Just point me in the right direction. What do you mean, okay? Wouldn't you like a dog? Maybe we'll get a dog when we get back. I can't believe you flew first class. I mean, so far, have I screwed it up for you? Listen, have I ever done anything really stupid? When I found you? What if I couldn't get to you? Goddammit, I am sick of this -- Get out. I can't know what I said, but we're not going. Did not. This conversation is finished. Shut up. Thank you, Jonah. But the point is, I am not asking permission. I have to have a life. I have to do things that I want with people my own age. It's none of your business who I am going out with. I don't give a good goddam if you're angry -- Yes. I'm only going to be away one night, okay, and Clarise will be here. You'll have a swell time. You'll watch a little Geraldo, some Nightmare on Elm Street 12, I'll never know. Have you seen my wallet? I sincerely hope you are not going to marry Jessica. Who is Annie? God, she's beautiful. I'm never going to meet anyone who's going to measure up to your mom in your eyes? What do you think? There's a perfect woman walking around out there? Jonah, this isn't fair. You don't know Victoria. I hardly know her myself. She is, in fact, a mystery to me. She tosses her hair a lot. Why does she do this? I have no idea. Is it a twitch? Does she need a haircut? Should she use barrette so it doesn't keep falling in her face? These are things that I'm willing to get to the bottom of, and that is why I am dating her. That is all I am doing. I am not marrying her. Can you appreciate the difference? That's what single people do, they try people on and they see if they fit. But nobody fits perfectly, everyone is an adjustment. This is not a joke. Thank God Victoria doesn't know. It would really have hurt her feelings. Long enough to call Victoria a ho. Everyone at work heard you. Did you call that radio station again? That's true. Why is that? There's a bathroom upstairs. What are you doing up? Don't ever do that again. I'm glad you liked it. Good night, Jonah. Thank Victoria for dinner. Jonah! Okay, tiger. Time for bed. She's going to cook something for us? There she is. Perfect. We'll be there. Here is Seattle. And here is Baltimore. Case closed. Oh, right. Everyone thinks Brooks Robinson is the greatest. Jonah, I'm leaving -- Not now, Jonah -- Now I'm late. Bye. The heels on these shoes are very large. Why have I never noticed this? The heels on these shoes are grotesque. I look stupid. I look stupid, don't I? I look like I'm trying too hard. I was going to get a haircut but then I thought I'd look like I just got a haircut. This one's for both of us. I... uh... have a date with someone Friday night. I know. But she's here, Jonah. Because I have you. And as long as I have you, I have your Mom. I never did. Or the whole idea of an afterlife. But I don't know any more. I have these dreams about... your mom... and we have long talks about... about you, and how you are, which she sort of knows but I tell her anyway. So what is that? It's sort of an afterlife, isn't it? I don't know. Is that what she used to sing? You're worried we're going to be all right. We're going to be all right. I remember sometimes you'd have nightmares as a baby. Your mom would hold you and rock you and sing you a song. What was? I know. It's nice to meet you, Jessica. Go to sleep. Whose show was this on? What? What do you think? I'm starting to notice that. But not dinner necessarily on the first date because by the time you're halfway through dinner you might be sorry you asked them to dinner whereas if it's just a drink, if you like them you can always ask them for dinner but if you don't you can go home if you see what I mean. I wonder if it still works this way. You see someone you like, you get a feeling about them, you ask them if they want to have a drink or -- This is not how you do it. You want this on an English muffin or a bun? She looks like my third grade teacher. I hated my third grade teacher. Hold it! Wait a minute! She is my third grade teacher! I'm not going to think about what they're not teaching you in school. I am not going to think about it. Generally speaking I think we should rule out people who don't live somewhere near here -- Oklahoma. Do you know where that is? Thank God. Something you don't know. It's a single white female. How did they get our phone number? Just out of curiosity, how did they get our address? Right. I'm sorry, Jonah, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm just -- I think I know how to have a spice rack. Sure. Looking good. Fine. Fine. Just out of curiosity, do you have any friends whose names don't begin with a J? I feel like it was a failure of the imagination on our part naming you Jonah. What is marjoram? Does anyone know? What? Does red pepper go under R or P? What's the matter with this one? Wouldn't you like to have Imelda Marcos as your mother? Oh, you're changing your mind -- You're right. You better hope so. What?! How many people do you think heard that thing last night? My feelings exactly. It's never happening again. Right? We desperately need a spice rack. Desperately. The hopes are perfect -- beautiful, identical, smooth -- and they are for something really amazing I feel it in my bones -- I don't think I have to now. What is it? Thanks, but... we've got plans. Yes? Hi. Look, I met somebody. She's good, and capable and smart. We hit it off. We can't spend your life chasing after fantasies. Anyway, Victoria's nice. What do you mean? Now that I'm seeing someone, it's a whole other thing. It'll take him a while to come around. A month ago he called one of those radio call-in shows and told them I needed a wife -- I tried to talk to her... It was like I knew her. Weird. God, it's wonderful to see you. Where's Greg? Move on. Right. That's what I'm going to do. In a few months, boom, I'll be fine, I'll just grow a new heart. Microwave. Five minutes. Sure. Sure. It takes time -- I read an article about this ... He's ten. No. After he was born, every time we started to make love, he would cry. He had an uncanny sense of timing. We really shouldn't do anything here anyway. I've already solved it. I've hired a hit man. We can't finish the job. She's on her sixth painter, now she's thinking maybe she wants the fireplace rebricked -- So whatdya say? I'll get the check, and I'll call you in eight months. You are the first woman I'm going out with. You could have called me -- You did? You look good. Hi.What? Yes. Some people will do anything to get out of going to a symphony. I think that's what I'm saying. Not really. Look, Annie, I love you. Let's leave that out of it. I don't want to be someone you're settling for. I don't want to be someone anyone settles for. I have a life insurance policy, I'm fully invested in growth stocks, I have a paid subscription to Home Rox Office, I have no sexual diseases, I have been steadily employed in a part of the economy that isn't soft, I have expectation in the way of inherited wealth, I dress nicely, I am a member of the private sector, an independent voter, I don't watch Monday Night Football, the only thing wrong with me is that I am allergic to wheat, strawberries, penicillin, pollen, nuts and wool. There are plenty of women who see me as the brass ring. If you don't -- marriage is hard enough without bringing such low expectations into it, isn't it? At the top of the Empire State Building -- So what happened? -- it was a betrayal. Beautiful view, isn't it? It was my mother's. It's just like my grandmother's china. You couldn't. No. What? Ever since Christmas, you've been different. Kind of distracted, distant. But I feel like you're coming back from wherever you were. Okay, okay. When you get back, I'll be gone -- Couldn't you just do a phone interview? That doesn't make any sense. Miss Scarlett. In the broom closet. With the radio. Who is it? Does it have wheat in it? What is it? Go to the Symphony -- We'll stay at the Plaza -- I was thinking, I have to go up to Boston for the AAP convention and then visit Winston-Hughes about switching over our computers. Why don't we meet in New York for Valentine's Day weekend? Happy New Year, darling. I'll wait. You sure you don't want to drive with me? Nope. Not even when I was young. Nope. I love you. Today I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the earth. My head swells up like a watermelon and I drop dead. Don't touch them. I feel terrible sneezing at a time like this. This is a big moment for me -- Am I what they had in mind? Your Uncle Milton lost all his money in a Puerto Rican condominium that went belly up, don't mention the IRS or the Federal prison system. Your mother is Barbara, your father is Cliff -- And your brother Tom is a psychology professor and is married to...Betsy -- Harold, who ran away with his secretary but came back -- The short one with black hair is your cousin Irene --Now you're back. Nothing's changed. Then again, something has changed, hasn't it? Oskar - my friend Lena.Where are the guards? Yeah, all right, don't tell me, I'll go along with it, it's just irritating to me I can't figure it out. You did, but you didn't. If you admit to making three, then it's four, actually. But how? Yeah, sure. You're not telling me something. Oh, this is "good business" in your opinion. You've got to move them, the equipment, everything to Czechoslovakia - it doesn't make any sense. What are you, Moses? What is this? Where's the money in this? What's the scam? You want these people. I don't know. Soon. They're taking mine. When I said they didn't have a future I didn't mean tomorrow. Auschwitz. I got a shipment of Hungarians coming in, I got to make room for them. It's always something. I tried to call you, I'm running a little late, this is taking longer than I thought. Have a drink. I want him. Come on, let's go inside, let's have a good time. He's important to my business. It's true. Never happen in Cracow, though, we all love you too much. Do you have any idea what's involved? The paperwork alone? Forget you got to build it all, getting the fucking permits, that's enough to drive you crazy. Then the engineers show up. They stand around and they argue about drainage - I'm telling you, you'll want to shoot somebody, I've been through it, I know. That you know the meaning of the word gratitude. That it's not some vague thing with you like with some guys. Scherner told me something else about you. Some of the boys went crazy, what're you going to do? You're right, it's bad business, but it's over with, it's done. Occasionally, sure, okay, you got to make an example. But that's good business. We're going to be making so much money, none of this is going to matter - They're not gone, they're here. He looks great, though, doesn't he? I have to know - where do you get a suit like that? what is that, silk? It's great. You know, they told me you were going to be trouble - Czurda and Scherner. We started without you.Now I'm back, and you know what I'm going to do now? I'm going to have a good time. So are you. Things worked out. I made some money over there, had some laughs, you know. It was good. How do you do? What can I get you, what're you drinking? My plant manager is somewhere on this train. If it leaves with him on it, it'll disrupt production and the Armaments Board will want to know why. I didn't ask you about the list, I asked you your name. What's your name? I'm talking to a clerk. Well, let's find him. He is. He's essential. Without him, everything comes to a grinding halt. If that happens - It's up to you. It's a beautiful city. What? War. A charade? How could it be a charade? You would, though. That's what I'm saying. What - You know what, you'd like her. Breslau? I can't go to Breslau. Not now. All right, okay, let's talk. I'd love to, it'll have to wait until I get back. I have to leave. I'm sorry to hear that. The guards aren't allowed on the factory floor. They make my workers nervous. All you have to do is tell me what it's worth to you. What's a person worth to you. I just told you. It's good for me - I know them, I'm familiar with them. It's good for you - you'll be compensated. It's good for the Army. You know what I'm going to make? Artillery shells. Tank shells. They need that. Everybody's happy. Look - It's good business. These people, my people, I want my people. When? You took my workers. What's going on? What do you want for him, I'll give it to you. You held back Stern. You held back the one man most important to my business. I pay you too much. Well, you've been through it. You know. You could make things easier for me. True. Yeah, what's that? It's bad business. Every day that goes by, I'm losing money. Every worker that is shot, costs me money - I have to get somebody else, I have to train them - They're mine! I go to work the other day, there's nobody there. Nobody tells me about this, I have to find out, I have to go in, everybody's gone - I'd say I'd get you one but the guy who made it, he's probably dead, I don't know. You're kidding. Good. Yeah, okay. That's great, thanks. That's great. You're welcome, I'm sure you're doing a great job. Yeah? Yeah, that'd be nice, let me get my coat. I've been here. I guess I haven't been out. I'm having a drink, come on in, we'll have a drink. Things are great, things are great. How should I know? It's broken. See what you can do. What's the matter, everything all right at home? Mila's okay? How you feeling, all right? I don't know, ten or twelve. That's a good color. Dark blues, grays. Nice things cost money. There's nothing in the stores. Pistols, rifles, carbines ... I'd be grateful. It kind of looks that way. One of these days the Russians are going to show up unannounced at my gate. I'd like the chance to defend myself. I'd like my wife to have that chance. My civilian engineers. My secretary. Wine? I need a drink. Are you kidding, I never miss a party. Police Chief Rasch, my wife Emilie. Did I threaten anybody here? I stated a simple fact. He's got no style, we all know that. So, we should hang him for it? So I'll talk to him about it. Done. Lets not talk about it anymore, let's have a good time. Whoever. They're the ones. They'd appreciate some kind of gesture from me. No, look. It's the others. They're the ones causing these delays. I didn't do enough. If I'd made more money ...I threw away so much money, you have no idea. If I'd just ... I could've got more ... if I'd just ... I don't know, if I'd just ... I could've got more... No, no, what, what is it? You don't? I do. I see a difference. No? Well, sure. So would I. So would you. I wouldn't worry about it. We'll get it right one of these days. Well, that's to be expected. They have to understand. These are start-up problems. This isn't pots and pans, this is a precise business. I'll write them a letter. They arrived, can you believe it? Stern. Yes. Give or take what, Stern - how many - count them. More. Well, I'll talk to somebody. I'll take care of it. I'll talk to him. I'll admit it's a weakness. I don't think he enjoys it. All right, he does enjoy it, so what? What do you expect me to do about it? You have to understand, Goeth's under enormous pressure. You have to think of it in his situation. He's got this whole place to run, he's responsible for everything that goes on here, all these people - he's got a lot of things to worry about. And he's got the war. Which brings out the worst in people. Never the good, always the bad. Always the bad. But in normal circumstances, he wouldn't be like this. He'd be all right. There'd be just the good aspects of him. Which is a wonderful crook. A guy who loves good food, good wine, the ladies, making money... It's dangerous. It's dangerous, to me, personally. No, I'm not losing money, that's not the point. You think I don't know what you're doing? You're so quiet all the time? I know. I got to go, I'll see you. This, I don't know, maybe you can trade it for something. Ah, yes. You try to be fair to people, they walk out the door; I've never understood that. What's next? Don't ever do that to me again. What? Any reason to think next month will be worse? Better this month than last? I could try to read this or I could eat my lunch while it's till hot. We're doing well? But it's less. It's less than what I would pay a Pole. That's the point I'm trying to make. Poles cost more. What was that about the SS, the rate, the ... ? They should be. Something they can hold in their hands. Well, they wouldn't own it, I'd own it. I'd pay them back in product. They can trade it on the black market, do whatever they want, everybody's happy. Jews, yeah. Investors. The contracts? That's the easy part. Finding the money to buy the company, that's hard. Once the war ends, forget it, but for now it's great, you could make a fortune. Don't you think? Simple engineering, though, wouldn't you think? Change the machines around, whatever you do, you could make other things, couldn't you? Of course he's stealing from me, we're in business together. What is this? I'm sitting here, suddenly everybody's talking like this is something bad. We take from each other, we take from the Army, everybody uses everybody, it works out, everybody's happy. What's he done that's so bad - take money? That's a crime? Come on, what are we here for, to fight a war? We're here to make money, all of us. He was a metal press operator, quite skilled. Would it do any good? I lost a day of production. I lost a worker. I expect to be compensated.You did so much. There will be generations because of what you did. Oskar, there are twelve hundred people who are alive because of you. Look at them. I'll talk to you later. You'll lose money. I know what you're saying, but I don't see the difference. There's a rumor you've been going around miscalibrating the machines. I don't think that's a good idea. They're withholding payment. They arrived. We need to talk. That's very generous of you. Eight hundred, give or take. Four hundred, four fifty - I think it's too late. There's nothing you can do. I'm not asking you to do anything. You came into my office. And killing. What other point is - Are you losing money? Oskar - Thank you. Christmas presents. Do what? There's a machinist outside who'd like to thank you personally for giving him a job. The war could end. Yes. Yes. The Jewish worker's salary, you pay it directly to the SS, not to the worker. He gets nothing. I don't know anybody who'd be interested in that. Pots and pans. Jews can no longer own businesses, sir, that's why this one's for sale. Get the contracts and I'm sure you'll do very well. In fact the worse things get the better you'll do. It was a "pleasure." I think most people right now have other priorities. I was just the accountant.No, I love her, we will be a family. I have her piano. I will mend it, she will get better. I'll be back. She lives her own life in New Jersey, America. No, no bible readers. What are they? Spoken words? No, not words. You mean in signs? It was more to your wife that I gave it. No, no payment. I have given it back. I don't want it. No. I don't want to learn. Nothing just yet Yes, why not. Te, kawnarna paraikete mo te tahi hawlie 0 te whenna uci. UNSUBTITLED I'll have to get lessons. It wouldn't be much use without them. Yes, I thought that. The piano. I'd like to make a swap. Yes Those 80 acres, that cross the stream, what do you think of them? No, no they know another track - to the side of this. Someone died here. It's tapu. She looks tired. I have the key here, look, I'll have it mended... What? It's quite safe, they are managing... What did she say? Jesus! I'll kill him! I'll kill him. What did she tell him? Quiet down! Shhh! Where is she? What happened? I just want to listen. I'd rather not play. I want to listen and learn that way. The marks do not come out. They are scars and hardened skin. They are washed. I'm sorry, I can't do that. I don't have the time. GoodbyeBaines is packing up? How are the lessons going? ADA nods enthusiastically. He's getting on all right? ADA nods again Good. And with time she will, I'm sure, become affectionate. There is something to be said for silence No, it was a table. I knew she was mute, but now I'm thinking it's more than that. I'm wondering if she's not brain affected. It's strange isn't it? I mean it's not a piano, it doesn't make any sound. What would you think if someone played a kitchen table like it were a piano? No, but her words are in my head. I know what you think, that it's a trick, that I'm making it up. No, the words I heard, were her words. She has spoken to me. I heard her voice. There was no sound, but I beard it here . Her voice was there in my head. I watched her lips, they did not make the words, yet the harder I listened the clearer I heard her, as clear as I hear you, as dear as I hear my own voice. No, words. You have never heard words? Has Ada ever spoken to you? Well, thank you, I expect she will appreciate it. Well, I doubt I want it very much myself. And what does this do to our bargain? I cannot afford the piano if you mean me to pay. You don't want to learn. I don't think you should have given up the piano. I will make sure you are properly taught, with music written on to sheets and... I'll have to come and hear you play. what do you play. Ada says you're doing well with the piano? T-w~e-l-v~e. Yes, I suppose you would. Well Baines the music lover, I never would have known. Hidden talents George. You'd have to organise it up here. The piano on the beach? Ada's piano? What for? Good, flatish land with reliable water, why? I don't have money. What are you about? On your property? They want more money. They are trying to make two days out of it? But we came down this way didn't we? I'm sure we did. What's he say? She's stunted, that's one thing. Take this to Baines. Tell him if he ever tries to see her again I'll take off another and another and another! Play a song then Play a gig. Is it all right? Aren't you going to play something? ADA pulls up a chair and seats herself at the piano. She rubs her hands and places them lightly on the keys, she turns from habit over her left shoulder where STEWART waits crossed armed. Quickly she removes her hands, stands and gestures FLORA to play. FLORA proudly takes ~p the seat, she pulls her lips in trying to control her happiness to say in front of both her mother and STEWART. Hah, you're very cunning Ada, but I've seen through you, I'm not going to lose the land this way. Wait here! And when is the next lesson? You've missed this bit. He wants to improve himself... and you will be able to play on it ... Teach him to look after it. What does she say? On your piano, that is the swap. Hello, then. Let us not discuss this further. I am very pleased.... Yes and so do I, but there are too few of us here to carry it. TOO - HEAVY Oh no, it can't come now. A piano? What's in here then, lead?Does it hurt? A lot? Good. Why Ed, what an ugly thing to Say! Does this mean you're not my Friend anymore? You know, Ed, if I thought you weren't my friend I Don't think I could bear it. Now Ed, are we cross? Isn't that a daisy? Ed Bailey, you look like you're Just ready to burst. Well call me A fool but I guess I'll just have To call. Cover your ears, darling. 500? Sly boots, must be a peach of a hand. Say when. I beg to differ. We started a Fight we never got to finish. Play for blood, remember? Why Johnny Ringo, you look like Somebody just walked over your grave. Oh, I wasn't quite as sick as I Made out. On three? You call it. That's just my game. In pace requiescat. Credat Judaeus Apella. And you must be Ringo. Look, Darling, Johnny Ringo. The Deadliest pistoleer since Wild Bill, they say. What do you Think, darling? Should I hate him? Not me. I'm in my prime. That's the rumor. Yes, I know. You are a good woman. Not exactly... We must talk, darling. It appears We have to... redefine the nature Of our association. Better. Nothing. Not a thing. I'm right As the mail. Enough? Never. Yes, but there's just something About him. Something around The eyes, I don't know, reminds me Of... me. No. I'm sure of it, I Hate him. I calculate that's the end of This town. And let's don't bother About the luggage, darling. Bless you, darling Darling! Are you mad? You're not Wearing a bustle. How lewd! Run. Take that girl and start Running. Run and don't look back. All your life you been running And looking back and just barely Existing and calling it getting By. This time run and don't look Back and call it living. Live Every second, live it right up to The hilt. Live, Wyatt... Live for me. First you can grab that black- Haired woman and make her your own. I played the cards I was dealt, Wyatt. Your problem is you're Always trying to play someone Else's. Allow me to tell you the Truth and thus set you free: There is no happiness, Wyatt There is no normal life. There's Only life, that's all. Just life. The rest is relative. When will you wake up? You Wouldn't know a normal life if it Bit you in the ass. You think I'm kidding. You're the Most fallible, wrong-headed, self- Deluding, just generally Benighted jackass I've ever Known. Yet, withal, even at your Worst, you're the only human Being in my entire life who ever Gave me hope. I imagine it would, yes. So now We can add self-pity to your list Of frailties. Rather an obvious question under The circumstances, don't you Agree? A better one might be how Do you feel? Well hell, Wyatt. Wyatt, I want You to meet Father Feeney. Father Feeney's just been initiating me Into the mysteries of the great And ancient Church of Rome. You See, it appears my hypocrisy Knows no bounds. Never got to wear one of those. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Wyatt. God, I'm so sorry. What does he want? He wants revenge. A man like Ringo's got a great Empty hole right through the Middle of him and no matter what He does he can't ever fill it. He Can't kill enough or steal enough Or inflict enough pain to ever Fill it. And it drives him mad. Sick mad. Cold and dirty. Don't touch me, God damn it! Just Don't touch me! Come on... I'm a man without fear, Wyatt. I Literally don't care if I live or Die. But even I can't fight human Instinct. Somebody suddenly Starts shooting at me, I duck. But you... what on earth were You thinking about? Wyatt, my God! You're shot to pieces! It appears he missed an excellent Chance to keep his mouth shut. I won't be pawed at, thank you Very much Nonsense, I have not yet begun to Defile myself. Wyatt! Just in time. Pull up a chair. You will or you won't. Don't look To me. I'm going to sleep. In vino veritas. I stand corrected. Wyatt. You're An oak. I'll remember you said that. Ignore her? You know damn well who I mean. That dusky-hued lady Satan. I see. And what would you do if "she" walked in her right now? WYATT "She"? So tell me, Wyatt. I'm curious. Do you actually consider youself A married man? Forsaking all Others? And what a maiden, pure as the Driven snow, I'm sure. Very instructive Very cosmopolitan. Forgive me if I don't shake hands. That's what I love about Wyatt. He can talk himself into anything. I said poker's an honest trade. Only suckers buck the tiger. The Odds are all with the house. Since when is faro a business? Perfect, Wyatt. Simply perfect. You know, Frederic-fucking-Chopin. I see, well this happens to be a Nocturne. What? I'm telling you, there isn't a Mark on him. I don't believe it. He's clean! I don't. Wyatt Earp is my friend. Not half as bad as I feel. Don't touch me! Sheriff, may I present a pair of Fellow sophisticates, Turkey Creek Jack Johnson and Texas Jack Vermillion? Watch your ear, Creek.Isn't true. I can't see a damn thing. Remember about the light you're Supposed to see when you're dyin'? You were right, Wyatt. They got Me good. Don't let 'em get you Too. You're on. Listen to yourself, Wyatt. Lie Down and crawl or you might get Hurt? What kinda talk is that? That's Virgil lyin' over there, Wyatt. Our own brother. Ruined For life. No sir, I ain't going No place. You want to go, fine. I'm stayin' right here and have It out with those bastards. I am usin' it, Wyatt. Been Wonderin' how the hell we got in This tangle. You know they hit Clum's house, too? Shot up his wife. His wife. Who ever heard of That? Men sneakin' around in the Dark, back-shootin', scarin' Women? They're bugs, Wyatt. You Know all your smart talk about Live and let live? Ain't no live And let live with bugs. What's it look like? They want a Piece of me they can come and get It, I'm not crawlin' into my hole. Get down, boy. That thunder's sure somethin'. Dropped him, that was it. Sorry If I made a worse mess for you. You were right. It's nothin' like I thought. I almost wish... Fine. Better. Doc won't quit, been up 36 hours. Clanton came in an hour ago, they Switched over to poker. Tried to Get him to bed but he just won't Let go. What're you talkin' about? Like you said, just gotta know How to handle 'em. Old Fred Wasn't up to it. We know that We're doin', Wyatt. Come on, we're not about pickin' Fights. Just gonna keep a little Order, that's all. Hey Doc! Come on now. It's that woman from the coach! Wyatt, meet Fred White, he's town marshal. Hey, Wyatt, God damn it, I'm serious! I read this book, book on Spiritualism... Well what do you think happens When you die? Boy, look at all those stars. Bet You can see every star there is. Practical touch 'em. Kinda makes You think, you know? I mean you Look up and you think God made All that but he still remembered To make a little speck like me. Kinda flattering really. Hey, Wyatt, you believe in God? No, Come on, really, do you? Give him some good exercise? Sure Some stud. Some string in fact. What're you gonna do, race 'em? Well how do we look?Wyatt... Getting late. Guess I'll turn in. Wyatt, I know what I'm doin'. No, damn it, it's wrong, they're Breakin' the law. They're carrying guns in town. Wyatt, they're threatening our lives. Here they are again. Look at 'em. Billy Clanton, Wes Fuller, and Billy Claiborne. Now there's six Of 'em. This is like a bad dream. You are the one, Wyatt. You sure are. Wait a minute, you thinkin' of Getting in bed with the Cowboys? It's got nothin' to do with you, Wyatt. It's- I couldn't help it, Wyatt. I Looked at that woman and it was Just like somebody slapping me in The face. I mean these people're Afraid to even walk down the Street and I'm trying to make Money off it like some kind of God damn vulture. That's not me, That's somebody I don't even know. Kinda, actually, yeah. I gotta admit. I can't hardly believe it. It's Working out just like you said, Wyatt. We're lootin' this burg Six ways through Sunday. Keep your eye on that brass ring. Don't let anything side-track you. Her maiden name was Sullivan. Acquired? Look pretty rough. Hit a streak when we left. Him And Kate. Well here we are a family again. Been so long plain forgot how Good it feels. Want to thank you For that, Wyatt. All your doin'. But she doted on the frownerNice voice. Fine, fine. But I was thinkin', You know what this town really Needs is a race track. Gave all that up. Going into business. Just this minute. I'm Wyatt Earp, These're my brothers- Look kid, I know what it's like, I was a kid, too. Even stole a Horse once. But you can't-- Look, I don't want any trouble With you but that's my horse and I mean to have him back. One way Or another. I asked where you got him. Where'd you get that horse? Well I'm not so go home. No... No... I want you to know it's over. We're leaving and we're not Coming back. I'm sorry. If there was any other- This brand. And how come you call yourselves Cowboys? Cowhands ride for the brand. They were all gonna jump me back There. What ever happened to one Against one? Make you a deal. My brother took Over the Marshal's office in Tombstone. Got it in his head He's gonna make the place safe For widows and orphans. You and Your boys stay out of his way, I'll make sure he stays out of yours. Come on, you... I'm retired. Already got a guilty conscience, Might as well have the money too. No Marshal, you don't understand. I'm through with lawing, I'm Through with the whole Proposition. Forever. I did my Duty, now I'd like to get on with My life. That is if you don't Mind. Jesus. Good day now. I said forget it, answer's no, I Don't want the job and that's Final. I'm going to Tombstone and Nothin' short of dyin's gonn Stop me. Good day. Forget it. All right. Then what? Then what do I do? That's great coming from you. All I ever wanted was to live a Normal life. All right, Doc... Hurts. Hurts pretty bad. How you feelin', Doc? That's all right, Doc. Don't worry. Revenge? For what? So what does he want? What makes a man like Ringo, Doc? What makes him do the things he does? Doc... I don't know. It all happened so Fast. If I'd had a chance to Think about it I guess I probably Would've been scared but... Swear To God, Doc, I just don't know. No... Felt his liver go on that last One. Get him to a doctor or he'll Be dead in a couple hours. Sorry, sorry... But Doc- Been hittin' it awful hard, Doc. Maybe I ought to go out there. He's drunk. Satisfied? I'd ignore her. People can Change, Doc. I don't know. Probably ignore her. Well yeah. Pretty much. I mean I Was no angel when we met but People change Doc. I mean sooner Or later you gotta grow up. So now we're in the mining Business. Turning into regular Tycoons. Gonna call this one the Mattie Blaylock. Mattie'll get a Kick out of that, it's her maiden Name. But who was the Devil? I know him. That's Creek Johnson. Sheriff Behan, Doc Holliday. Depends how you look at it. I Mean it's not like anybody's Holding a gun to their heads. Didn't you always say gambling's An honest trade? Doc! How the hell are you? You're the doctor. sad news, friend. Awful lot of money. I'm your man... You win again. Well played, sir. You are on fire. So're the Cowboys. They're up That road right now, waiting to Jump us. All right, what's it to be? New Mexico's that way. I know. Me neither. But I'd do it, I'd get that one Into him. So help me God, I would. I made a promise. You tell Ringo... just tell him I'll be there. Cards in spades. I'm in love with Every second of her life. Hell, I'll probably love her when I'm dust. See how she breezed out of here. Like she had wings. Funny thing But I can't really remember how She looked. I can remember parts Of her clear as crystal, her Mouth, her walk, how she shut her Eyes when she laughed, little Bits and pieces, but not the Whole package. Can't put it Together for some reason. No. No. There's no reasoning with him. I'll pay you 500 each in advance And I'll mount you on those. What was that all about? I have nothing left. I have Nothing to give you. I have no Pride, no dignity, no money. I Don't even know how we'll make a Living. But I promise I'll love You every second of your life. Did you ever see the sun come up Over the Rockies? It hits all of A sudden and below there's California and you swear you're Looking at heaven. Wait! You did. Well... thank you. Sorry about your friend. And I'm sorry about... No, no, get away, get away from me... I can't, I'm sorry. Forgive me. I didn't mean it that way. Look, it's too much of a tangle. I already cast my lot. I can't go Back and I can't sneak, feel back Enough as it is. Getting late. We better get back. Well you'll always be Sadie to me. Josie... No, I'm gonna call you Sadie. Easy to fix. Wyatt Berry Stapp Earp. Fortuitous even. Then let's make sure we get our Money's worth I don't know, doesn't make any Sense. I almost can't look at You. Like it hurts. Well you're different, no arguing That. But you're a lady all right. I'll take my oath on it. The way you talk. Never heard a Woman talk like that. You mean Behan? Then why are you with him? Well I ought to know my own mind And I'm tellin' you what suits me Is a family and kids. That suits Me right down to the ground. In Fact, that's my idea of heaven. All right, what's your idea of heaven? How would you know? I don't know, make some money, Have some kids, you know. Where do you get these questions? What about her? I'm not touchy, I just, it's a Silly question, that's all. Am I Happy? Are you happy? Am I happy? I don't know. Happy As the next man, I guess. I don't Laugh all day long like an idiot, If that's what you mean. I laugh sometimes You'd die for fun? You know you almost got us both Killed back there? They know. It's the scent. We Better split 'em up. Easy now... That mare's in season. I know what it means. We've never actually met. My Name's- Don't worry, Doc, it's not your problem. You don't have to mix up in this. Why don't you get rid of him and Get yourself straight dealer? Well, excuse me for askin', Milt, But isn't it kinda dead in here? Let me have one of those cigars. Kinda nice in here. You run it? All right, look. I can make it Right, I can make this up to you, Mattie. I can, I swear. Look, Mattie, I know you're- 'Least you admit it. Mattie. What about this? Yeah, well, I swore a lot of things. Just thinkin' out loud. Forget it. Well, I was thinking, we've Already made a pile of money. Maybe we should just pull up Stakes and move on. And we could Stay on the move, you know? Just Keep going, see the world. Live On room service the rest of our Lives. How'd that be? Really? You sure? Out ridin'. So... how you doin'? That the bottle Lou gave you? Better go easy on that stuff. All right, well, good night. No really, I can stay a while. Well I guess I don't have to go Right now. I guess I could stay a little while. Honey, I gotta start makin' money. They're just lonely is all. Hell, I howl myself sometimes. Come up to the fire, honey. Mattie, they're here! Folks this Is Celia Ann but you can call her Mattie. Or even Mrs. Earp if you Prefer. I don't like it. We'll go around that way, come up on foot. They're wise by now. Which is Next, Iron Springs? Yeah, let's Try there, Iron Springs. So he can tell the story. We'll see about that. I know that cut. You mean there's A waterhole near there? Drop his horse. All right, run 'em off. No? Brothers to the bone, right? Yeah, but some of the things they Say your brothers've done... So what about you Cowboys anyway? I'm not a lawman, I'm just a Private citizen getting' my Property back McMasters, isn't it? Listen, you Seen a black stallion with- Easy Morg, don't think about that now. Will somebody get the damn dog out- I just got it fixed. I know, I was wrong. But Morg, Look, we got to get out. Morg, use your head. Morgan, are you crazy? They're Out gunning for us! What the Hell're you doin'? That didn't sound like thunder. I'm the one made a mess. Made a Right fair mess of the whole thing. I know, kid. I know. Me too. How you doin', boy? I know. And nobody can make him. All right, say you're right, say You don't get yourself killed. There's something else. It's too late for Virge, he Already rolled his bone. But it's Not too late for you, Morg. Yeah? Listen to me, both of you. This Is no good. This is trouble we Don't need. For the first time in Our lives we got a chance to stop Wandering and finally be a Family. Do this and you throw it All away. You saw what happened To Fred White. Just his style, Morg. Doesn't Mean anything. I'll be damned... Lotta law around here. Just met the Sheriff. Really? What about hell? They got A sign or what? Got me. Somethin'. Nothin'. I Don't know. Maybe, yeah. Hell, I don't know. Hope so. Clean up with this boy. Hey! Virgil! My God! Morgan! Hey, Boy! You look great! Both of you! Go ahead. Skin it. Skin that Smoke wagon and see what happens. Yeah. It's a fact. Don't need to go heeled to get The bulge on a dub like you. Yeah. It's a fact. Just wanted to let you know You're sitting in my chair. We should get moving. Sure... Got a sheaf of federal warrants. Being in the Territories it's up To our discretion how they're Served. That means we got the Cowboys without quarter. The Black flag, brother. No Prisoners, no mercy, amen. They're nothing. They're nobody. I want the Cowboys. All of 'em. I Mean to break 'em up, drive 'em Out of the territory. Jack... Virgil? Bundle up, Virge. Cold out there. Look at 'em all. They love it. How in the hell'd we get Ourselves into this? Virge, you're makin' the arrest. You make contact, I'll back you Up. Morgan'll back me up, Doc'll Keep an eye out for trouble. And Keep your hands on your guns. They even look like they're gonna Start something, buffalo 'em. Right over the head. All right, Virge, your call. But Give Doc the shotgun. They'll be Less apt to get nervy if they see Him on the street howitzer. Virge, that's a misdemeanor. You Go down there to arrest 'em, Something goes wrong, maybe this Time somebody gets his head Broke, suddenly it's a mess and It won't end there, you'll have Cowboys comin' around lookin' for Trouble from here to Christmas. You gonna risk all that over a Misdemeanor? You'll never make that stick. Wait till the liquor wears off. Once they start getting headaches They'll lose interest. Easy, Virge, they're just tryin' To egg us on. Just stay calm, use your head. It'll be all right. Just the Same, though... Guess you better swear me in. Business is business. Don't have To love 'em to work with 'em. Not If there's money in it. Maybe I jumped the gun. Maybe Those Cowboys aren't near as bad As they're painted. You know I Was thinkin', there's a lot of Money in the cattle business... Nothing to do with me? I'm your Brother for Christ's sake. God, I Don't believe this. Talk to him, will you? Or hit him. Oh no, don't tell me... Virgil, please. Don't do this to me. Pretty fun too, isn't it? You know, I was thinkin', maybe We ought to open our own place. That's the real money. Build it Up, milk it for all it's worth, Then sell it off for a bundle and Breeze out of this burg with more Money than Croesus and ready to Live like kings. Let's you and me Take a walk around town, Virge, See if we can scout us out a Couple of nice lots. I know, I need a keeper. Better go with 'em, honey. Here's Where I leave you. So to speak. Well we're off and running. Just Acquired us a quarter-interest in The game at the Oriental. Just like any other hard cases. Gotta know how to handle 'em. Well that's your problem. Hey Virge, see anything of Doc while You were in Prescott? We're gonna do it, boys. Gonna Get ours. Feel it in my bones. All we have to do is keep our Eyes on that brass ring. Look at that. Busted. Brand new Money Ward, too. 33 years old And I don't even have a decent Watch. 'Bout time I started Lookin' out for myself. Allie-girl...And Louisa! You're So lovely. I'm at your feet, Darlin'. Just at your feet. Guess it's only right. Ma always Said you were the prettiest. None of my business, Fred. Why don't you just leave it alone? Yeah, and dangerous. Curly Bill, huh? Who was that Other idiot? What about all these saloons?That rhymes. It is what I want. But I don't want to spend the next ten years in jail. I don't want you guys to go to jail. We don't know what could be waiting for us up there. It'll probably be just what it's supposed to be. The only thing that's waiting for us is two hundred thousand dollars. I'm just looking at the downside. But in my movie, baby, you get the top billing. Why Cancoon? I been in America all my life. I'm due for a change. I wanna see what TV in other countries is like. Besides, it's more dramatic. Where should we fly off to, my little turtledove? But knowin' me and you gonna be nigger-rich gives me a whole new outlook. I love airports now. Me 'n' you can get on any one of those planes out there, and go anywhere we ant. Leavin' Detroit. Goin' off on vacations, startin' new lives, business trips. Fun, fun, fun, fun. I used to live by one back in Dearborn. It's real frustratin' to be surrounded by airplanes when you ain't got shit. I hated where I was, but I couldn't do anythin' about it. I didn't have enough money. It was tough enough just tryin' to pay my rent every month, an' here I was livin' next to an airport. Whenever I went outside, I saw fuckin' planes take off drownin' out my show. All day long I'm seein', hearin' people doin' what I wanted to do most, but couldn't. With a vengeance, I hated them. Ya know, I used to fuckin' hate airports. You were chillin', kind of creepy even. You totally fucked with his head. I'm gonna go grab dinner. Babalouey, you were perfect, I could hardly keep from busting up. Do you want some wine, sweetheart? What? What? No joke. This is probably the best hamburger I've ever had. I'm serious, I've never had a hamburger taste this good. Yeah. But to be honest, I put myself in that position. When I drove up there I said to myself, "If I can kill 'em and get away with it, I'll do it." I could. So I did. You don't know me. Not when it comes to shit like this. I have to do this. I need for you to know you can count on me to protect you. Now write down the address. Look, sweetheart, he scares you. But I'm not scared of that motherfucker. He can't touch you now. You're completely out of his reach. He poses absolutely no threat to us. So, if he doesn't matter, which he doesn't, it would be stupid to lose your things, now wouldn't it? So I can go over there and pick up your things. Write down Drexl's address. Sweetheart, write down your former address. I just gotta get somethin'. Yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes... Oh, you're speaking of my charming wife Mrs. Alabama Worley. Top o' the morning, Mrs. Worley. Hello, Mrs. Worley. Thank you. Well, that's the one that explains how Jimmy Wang Yu became the Incredible One-Armed Boxer. Did ya ever see "The Chinese Professionals"? You better not be fuckin' teasin' me. You will? Will you be my wife? Thank you. I wanna see you again too. And again, and again, and again. Bama, I know we haven't known each other long, but my parents went together all throughout high school, and they still got a divorce. So, fuck it, you wanna marry me? Goddamn it, Alabama, you gotta get the fuck outta there! How much longer before he's slappin' you around? Punchin' you in the stomach? How the fuck did you get hooked up with a douche-bag like this in the first place? This motherfucker sounds charming! What did he do to Arlene? Is he nice? Is he black? A real live pimp? You have a pimp? Who and what is a Drexl? That dazzling imagination. Who? "Heroes For Sale"? You're a whore? What are you, a theater checker? You check up on the box office girls. Make sure they're not rippin' the place off. Did you hurt yourself? Whatd'ya do? Step on a thumbtack? What's wrong, sweetheart? Did I do something? What did I do? Uh-huh. That's what happened. In fact, when she died, it was considered to be the happiest time of her life. She'd been fucked over so much by men she didn't trust them. She was havin' this relationship with this guy and he asked her to marry him. Now, other people had asked to marry her before, but she couldn't be sure whether they really loved her or were just after her money. So, she said no. And the guy says, "Look, I really love you, and I wanna prove it. So have your lawyers draw up a paper that says no matter what happens, I can never get any of your money, and I'll sign it." So she did, and he asked her, and she said yes. And once they were engaged he told her a secret about himself that she never knew: he was a millionaire. Yeah, she OD'd. But wasn't on her last legs or anythin'. She didn't take too much. It shouldn't have killed her. There was somethin' wrong with what she took. You know, a lot of people have misconceptions of how she died. I dunno. I guess I'm just stupid. Uh-huh, I was tryin' to think of somethin' to say to you, then I thought, she doesn't want me bothering her. You know when you sat behind me? I finally knew what I wanted when I grew up. Five. He was just born, remember? This is the first one. You know that guy, Dr. Gene Scott? He said that the story of Spiderman is the story of Christ, just disguised. Well, I thought about that even before I heard him say it. Hold on, let me show you my favorite comic book cover of all time. That's a "Rookies" doll. George Sanford Brown. We gotta lotta dolls. They're real cool. Did you know they came out with dolls for all the actors in "The Black Hole"? I always found it funny somewhere there's a kid playin' with a little figure of Earnest Borgnine. Well, we sell other things too. Cool stuff. "Man from U.N.C.L.E." Lunch boxes. "Green Hornet" board games. Shit like that. But comic books are main business. There's a lot of collectors around here. Four hundred bucks. That's where trouble comes into paradise. But the boss let's you borrow some money if you need it. Wanna see what "Spiderman" number one looks like? I'm hip. But you know, I'm comfortable here. It's easy work. I know what I'm doing. Everybody who works here is my buddy. I'm friendly with most of the customers. I just hang around and talk about comic books all day. Almost four years. Yeah, I got the key, so I come here at night, hang out, read comic books, play music. And in a theater full of empty seats, why did you sit by me? What's the story behind you takin' a cab to the most dangerous part of town alone? Do you have a fella? Turn-offs? What are your turn-ons? What kinda music do you like? Like it? Would you like a bite of my pie? What's your favorite movie star? What's your favorite color? Where are you from. What do you do? Well, for starters, what do you do? Where're ya from? What's your favorite color? Who's your favorite movie star? What kinda music do you like? What are your turn-ons and turn-offs? Do you have a fella? What's the story behind you takin' a cab to the most dangerous part of town alone? And, in a theater full of empty seats, why did you sit by me? C'mon. What're ya tryin' to be? The Phantom Lady? Tell me about yourself. Well, enough about the King. How about you? I'd love some pie. I love to get pie after a movie. No. Not particularly. How come? 'Bout twelve. Nothing. It's just you're a girl after my own heart. You took a cab to see three kung fu movies? Where's your car? I'll walk you to it. Is that your real name? Really? My name is Clarence, and what is yours? You shoulda saw the first original uncut version of the "Streetfighter". It was the only movie up to that time rated X for violence. But we just saw the R. Does Sonny kick ass or does Sonny kick ass? He ain't so much good guy as he's just a bad motherfucker. Sonny don't be bullshittin'. He fucks dudes up for life. Hold on, a fight scene's coming up. Thanks a lot. The oriental in black. He's an assasin. Now, at the beginning he was hired to kill this guy the cops had. So he got himself arrested. They take him into the police station. And he starts kickin' all the cops' asses. Now, while keepin' them at bay, he finds the guy he was supposed to kill. Does a number on him. Kicks the cops' asses some more. Kicks the bars out of the window. And jumps out into a getaway car that was waiting for him. Not at all. I, this guy here, he's Sonny Chiba. It's OK. Don't worry about it. Accidents happen. Yeah. I'm fine. It didn't hurt. And here we are. Now hang up. No time. Gotta go. Just tell him to read the letter, the letter explains all. Tell him I love him. And tell him, as of tomorrow, all his money problems are over. Tell him to look through it. Has he looked through it yet? The letter I sent. Tell him not to eat anything. We're gonna scarf when we get there. Tell him we gotta go. What kind of daughterly smackeroo was that? How come? Thank God. I could eat a horse if you slap enough catsup on it. This should cover it, Auggie-Doggie. Well, fuck that shit, we'll get some real food. What would taste good. What do you think would taste good? I'm not lyin' to him. I mean it. I loved "Coming Home in a Body Bag". You don't think I'm kissin' his ass, do you? How do you think I'm doin' with Lee? That was cool, wasn't it? You know, I don't even know where that came from. I just opened my mouth and it came out. After I said it I thought, that's a cool line, I gotta remember that. Can you develop an ulcer in two minutes? Being cool is hard on your body. I was dying. I thought for sure everyone could see it on my face. If I thought I could get away with it - Look, Elvis, he is hauntin' me. He doesn't deserve to live. And I do want to kill him. But I don't wanna go to jail for the rest of my life. You'd really do that? I can't believe what you're tellin' me. Yeah. Yeah. Live with what? What? Wannabee nigger... No thanks. I'm her husband. She's with me. No thanks, my stomach's a little upset. I ate somethin' at a restaurant that made me a little sick. Yeah, let's just get outta here. This is our last chance to play "what if". I want to do it. I'm just scared of getting caught. No, I don't really mean it. Well, I mean, this is our last chance to think about it. How 'bout you, Bama? I know that Richard. I don't think I'll need it. But something this last week has taught me, it's better to have a gun and not to need it than to need a gun and not to have it. In case they try to kill us. I don't know, what do you want me to say? In case. Yeah? Ah, Dick, let's talk about it in the car. We can't be late. No shit? Dick, that's great! I'm just makin' sure we got everything. You got yours? Let me handle this. Don't expect me to be all broken up over poor Drexl. I think he was a fuckin', freeloadin', parasitic scumbag, and he got exactly what he deserved. I got no pity for a mad dog like that. I think I should get a merit badge or somethin'. Two guys. What's to think about? The zoo. What are you waiting for? The zoo. OK, call 'im up and arrange a meeting, so we can get through all the getting to know you stuff. Elliot what? What's this acting class guy's name? What'd'ya tell 'em? Is he big league? I'm offering a half a million dollars worth of white for two hundred thousand. How difficult can that be? No way! The whole enchilada in one shot. But you're an actor. I hear these Hollywood guys have it delivered to the set. Drexl's dead. This is Clarence's coke and Clarence can do whatever he wants with it. And what Clarence wants to do is sell it. Then me and Bama are gonna leave on a jet plane and spend the rest of our lives spendin'. So, you got my letter, have you lined up any buyers? Tell me. I know. I certainly hope so. It'll get ya high. For the very first time in my life. Do you know what that's like? Every word of it. Did you meet Captain Kirk? Good for you. You goin' out? Well, she's a pretty amazing girl. What are women like out here? Now tell him goodbye. Has he gotten his mail today? Ask him if he got the letter. Tell him we'll be hittin' his area some time tomorrow. Believe it or not, I actually tricked a girl into falling in love with me. I'm not quite sure how I did it. I'd hate to have to do it again. But I did it. Wanna say hi to my better half? I'm a married man. Well, there's a story behind all that. I'll tell you when I see you. By the way, I won't be alone. I'm bringing my wife with me. Tomorrow. Well, you're gonna be seein' me shortly. You got it. Three kung fu movies. He is, bar none, the greatest actor working in martial arts movies ever. A Donny Chiba triple feature. "The Streetfighter", "Return of the Streetfighter", and "Sister Streetfighter". How 'bout you go to the movies with me tonight? Well, enough about the King, how 'bout you? I don't blame you. So we'd both fuck Elvis. It's nice to meet people with common interests, isn't it? Really? What's waiting for us up there. Tell me or I'll pump two right in your face. Apparently I'm not as dumb as you thought I am. Say it, goddamn it! Don't lie to me, motherfucker. You apparently think I'm the dumbest motherfucker in the world! Don't you? Say: Clarence, you are without a doubt, the dumbest motherfucker in the whole wide world. Say it! Don't you? Get on your knees. Elliot. Well, I guess it's about that time. They'll be along. No problems on both counts. He wants to talk ya. Riddle me this, Batman. If you're all so much in love with each other, what the fuck are you doing here? I'm sure you got better things to do with your time than walk around in circles starin' up a panther's ass. Your guy's interested because with that much shit at his fingertips he can play Joe fuckin' Hollywood till the wheels come off. He can sell it, he can snort it, he can play Santa Claus with it. At the price he's payin', he'll be everybody's best friend. And, you know, that's what we're talkin' about here. I'm not puttin' him down. Hey, let him run wild. Have a ball, it's his money. But, don't expect me to hang around forever waitin' for you guys to grow some guts. Then why are you telling me all this bullshit just so you can fuck me? Do I look like a beautiful blond with big tits and an ass that tastes like French vanilla ice-cream? We were in Four H together. We've known each other since childhood. So, I'm handling the sales part. He's my silent partner and he knows if I get fucked up, I won't drop dime on him. I didn't tell you nothin' and you didn't hear nothin'. Duh. What else would I be talking about? Now stop askin' stupid doorknob questions. Well, a year and a half ago, this friend of mine got access to the evidence room for an hour. He snagged this coke. But, he's a good cop with a wife and a kid, so he sat on it for a year and a half until he found a guy he could trust. What do you think, eightball? No problem, Elliot. I'm just fuckin' wit ya, that's all. Actually, I'll tell you but you gotta keep it quiet. Understand, if Dick didn't assure me you're good people I'd just tell ya, none of your fuckin' business. But, as a sign of good faith, here it goes: I gotta friend in the department. Coco leaves. You see, they take the leaves and mash it down until it's kind of a paste - I grow it on my window-sill. The lights really great there and I'm up high enough so you can't see it from the street. Unloading? That's a helluva way to describe the bargain of a lifetime. Leave the gorillas. Want an animal cracker? Like, look at her. She looks like she fell off an ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down. Elvis wouldn't fuck her with Pat Boone's dick. It tried to pin down what the attraction is after all these years. It covers the whole spectrum of fans, the people who love his music, the people who grew up with him, the artists he inspired - Bob Dylan, Bruce Springsteen, and the fanatics, like these guys. I don't know about you, but they give me the creeps. You know, I saw it on the stands, my first inclination was to buy it. But, I look at the price and say forget it, it's just gonna be the same old shit. I ended up breaking down and buying it a few days later. Man, I was ever wrong. Have you read the story on Elvis? Actually, they can count it. I'd like to use the little boy's room. I bullshitted him. We grew up together. Well, Elliot wasn't supposed to tell you anythin'. Thanks a lot, bigmouth. I knew you were a squid the moment I laid eyes on you. In my book, buddy, you're a piece of shit. He's not a dirty cop, he's a good cop. He just saw his chance and he took it. A Norms in Van Nuys. I'm not satisfied till the spoon stands straight up. Me too, Boris. Now, that's practically uncut. You could, if you so desire, cut it a helluva lot more. Like that Merchant-Ivory clap-trap. All those assholes make are unwatchable movies from unreadable books. You know, most movies that win a lot of Oscars, I can't stand. "Sophie's Choice", "Ordinary People", "Kramer vs. Kramer", "Gandhi". All that stuff is safe, geriatric, coffee-table dog shit. OK, sorry, Lee. I just wanna tell you "Coming Home in a Body Bag" is one of my favorite movies. After "Apocalypse Now" I think it's the best Vietnam movie ever. Oh, Mr. Donowitz - Well, I have to admit, walkin' through the door and seein' these "Soldier of Fortune" poster boys made me a bit nervous. But, Lee, I'm fairly confident that you came here to do business, not to be a wise-guy. So, if you want, I'll put the gun on the table. I wanna be able to announce this deal at Cannes. If I had time for a courtship, Lee, I would. I'd take ya out, I'd hold your hand, I'd kiss you on the cheek at the door. But, I'm not in that position. I need to know if we're in bed together, or not. If you want my movie, Lee, you're just gonna have to come to terms with your Fear and Desire. Now that's bullshit, Lee. Every time you buy one of those little movies it's a risk. I'm not sellin' you something that's gonna play two weeks, six weeks, then go straight to cable. This is "Doctor Zhivago". This'll be packin' 'em in for a year and a half. Two years! That's two years you don't have to work with anybody's movie but mine. The biggest. The biggest movie you've ever dealt with, Lee. We're talkin' a lot of film. A man'd have ta be an idiot not to be a little cautious about a movie like that. And Lee, you're no idiot. We do make a cute couple, don't we? Keep it. Thanks a lot, Daddy. You really came through for me. That's what I've been tellin' ya. The guy was like a mad dog. So the cops aren't looking for me? Who is he? Nope. No shit? Do tell. Why drug related? Look, goddamnit, I never asked you for a goddamn thing! I've tried to make your parental obligation as easy as possible. After Mom divorced you, did I ask you for anything? When I wouldn't see ya for six months to a year at a time, did you ever get your shit about it? No, it was always "OK", "No problem", "You're a busy guy, I understand". The whole time you were a drunk, did I ever point my finger at you and talk shit? No! Everybody else did. I never did. You see, I know that you're just a bad parent. You're not really very good at it. But I know you love me. I'm basically a pretty resourceful guy. If I didn't really need it I wouldn't ask. And if you say no, don't worry about it. I'm gone. No problems. I'm your son. You were a cop. Could you find out if they know anythin'? I don't know they know shit about us. But I don't wanna think, I wanna know. You could find out for sure what's goin' on. Daddy? Do you still have friends on the force? What? Look, I don't know this is pretty heavy-duty, so if you wanna explode, feel free. Daddy, I'm in big fuckin' trouble and I really need your help. Daddy. Nice isn't the word. Nice is an insult. She's a peach. That's the only word for it, she's a peach. She even tastes like a peach. You can tell I'm in love with her. You can tell by my face, can't ya? It's a dead giveaway. It's written all over it. Ya know what? She loves me back. Take a seat, Pop, we gotta talk - Isn't she the sweetest goddamned girl you ever saw in your whole life? Is she a four alarm fire, or what? You don't know the chicken places around where you live? Ask the guy at the place where a chicken place is. You know what would taste good? Chicken. I haven't had chicken in a while. Chicken would really hit the spot about now. Chicken and beer, definitly, absolutely, without a doubt. Where's a good chicken place around here? Get a six-pack of something imported. It's hard to tell you what to get 'cause different places have different things. If they got Fosters, get that, if not, ask the guy at the thing what the strongest imported beer he has. Look, since you're making a beer run, would you mind too terribly if you did a foot run as well. I'm fuckin' starvin' to death. Are you hungry too? Go to the liquor store - Where is there a liquor store around here? That's about all I ever eat. Anything stronger? Oh, probably not. Beer? You can drink beer, can't you?Yeah, well, just stay outta trouble. Remeber, you got a wife to think about. Quit fuckin' around. I love you son. Well, son, I want you to know I hope everything works out with you and Alabama. I like her. I think you make a cute couple. I got some money I can give you - Naw, until they hear something better they'll assume Drexl and Blue Lou had a falling out. So, once you leave twon, I wouldn't worry about it. Gangster. Drug Dealer. Somebody you don't want on your ass. Look, Clarence, the more I hear about this Drexl fucker, the more I think you did the right thing. That guy wasn't just some wild flake. If you don't hang around in this circle, no reason it should. Yeah. Drexl had an association with a fella named Blue Lou Boyle. Name mean anything to you? Apparently, Drexl had a big toe stuck in shit like that. They have nothing. In fact, they think it's drug related. You got it all worked out, don't you? What makes you think I would do that? What makes you think I could do that? Yes, I still have friends on the force. Stop acting like an infant. You're here because you want me to help you in some way. What do you need from me? You need money? What do you want from me? You're always making jokes. That's what you do, isn't it? Make jokes. Making jokes is the one thing you're good at, isn't it? But if you make a joke about this - - I'm gonna go completely out of my fuckin' head! Clarence, just shut up, you're giving me a headache! I can't believe how much like your mother you are. You're your fuckin' mother through and through. I haven't heard from ya in three years. Then ya show up all of a sudden at eight o'clock in the morning. You walk in like a goddamn bulldozer... don't get me wrong, I'm happy to see you... just slow it down. Now, when did you get married? She seems very nice. I really don't know. I'm really not very - Uh, yeah... there's a party store down 54th. I can, but I don't. I think there's a Seven-Up in there. It's a fact. Sicilians have nigger blood pumpin' through their hearts. If you don't believe me, look it up. You see, hundreds and hundreds of years ago the Moors conquered Sicily. And Moors are niggers. Way back then, Sicilians were like the wops in northern Italy. Blond hair, blue eyes. But, once the Moors moved in there, they changed the whole country. They did so much fuckin' with the Sicilian women, they changed the blood-line for ever, from blond hair and blue eyes to black hair and dark skin. I find it absolutely amazing to think that to this day, hundreds of years later, Sicilians still carry that nigger gene. I'm just quotin' history. It's a fact. It's written. Your ancestors were niggers. Your great, great, great, great, great-grandmother was fucked by a nigger, and had a half-nigger kid. That is a fact. Now tell me, am I lyin'? You know I read a lot. Especially things that have to do with history. I find that shit fascinating. In fact, I don't know if you know this or not, Sicilians were spawned by niggers. Oh, don't bother. I got one. So you're a Sicilian, huh? Could I have one of those Chesterfields now? They didn't tell me. On their honeymoon. I don't believe you. What are you talkin' about? I've seen him. Look, I'd help ya if I could, but I haven't seen Clarence - No. I've heard of Blue Lou Boyle. I give up. Who are you? You and Robin moved? I don't know him. Is he a nice guy? You think he'll help me out? Yeah, and the restaurant's on my route. And you know, I stuck my nose in for the company to try to put a stop to some of these break-ins. Now, while I have no proof, the name Drexl Spivey kept comin' up Who's case is it? Well, Ted, to tell you the truth, I found out through the grapevine that it might be, and I only said might be, the Drexl Spivey that was responsible for that restaurant break-in on Riverdale. It's about that pimp that was shot a couple of days ago, Drexl Spivey.You got that playing basketball? Holy Mary, Mother of God. You can't have just one. Knock wood. Let me speak to Clarence. Not yet. Yeah, my room-mate leaves it on the TV. What letter? Wait a minute - Hello, Alabama. No. But thanks. Well, if we're not gonna do it, let's just get in the car and get the fuck outta here. Now's a helluva time to play "what if". Do you really mean it? Look, Dillinger, Lee Donowitz is not a pimp - In case of what? What the fuck did you bring that for. Um, nothing, let's go? Clarence. They didn't even want a callback. They just hired me like that. Me and Peter Breck are the two heavies. We start shooting Monday. My call is for seven o'clock in the morning. I got the part on "T.J. Hooker". Yeah, well if we got lost, it's your ass. Come on, Clarence, lets go. Elliot's going to meet us in the lobby. Clarence... Two guys. Now you want me to help you with some big drug deal. Fuck, Clarence, you killed somebody and you're blowin' it off like it don't mean shit. Shut up! First you come waltzing into my life after two years. You're married. You killed a guy. Would you just shut up a minute and let me think? Where? Elliot Blitzer. Elliot. Hardly anything. I wasn't sure from your letter what was bullshit, and what wasn't. He's nothing. He's in my acting class. But he works as an assistant to a very powerful movie producer named Lee Donowitz. I thought Donowitz could be interested in a deal like this. He could use it. He could afford it. It's difficult because you're sellin' it to a particular group. Big shots. Fat cats. Guys who can use that kind of quantity. Guys who can afford two hundred thousand. Basically, guys I don't know. You don't know. And, more important, they don't know you. I did talk with one guy who could possibly help you. Do you have any idea how difficult that's gonna be? Yeah, they do. And maybe when I start being a successful actor I'll know those guys. But most of the people I know are like me. They ain't got a pot to piss in or a window to throw it out of. Now, if you want to sell a little bit at a time - Look, Clarence, I'm not Joe Cocaine. This is Drexl's coke? I don't know! A fuckin' lot! Do you have any idea how much fuckin' coke you got? You've got a helluva lotta coke there, man! It's fuckin' real! It's fuckin' real! This shit can't be real. You're really in love, aren't you? How much of that letter was on the up and up? You don't meet him in the audition. That comes later. Hope, hope. ... formica. I did real well. I think she liked me. What's so fuckin' good about it? Actresses are the most fucked-in-the-head bunch of women in the world. It's like they gotta pass a test of emotional instability before they can get their SAG card. Oh, guess what? I had a really good reading for "T.J. Hooker" the other day. Well, for the past couple of years I've been goin' out with girls from my acting class. Just like in Detroit, only skinnier. That's a pretty amazing story. Money problems? Clarence sent a letter? Alabama, could you tell Clar - What? Get the fuck outta here! Get the fuck outta here! What's up? Why're leavin' Detroit? You comin' to L.A.? When? It's great to hear from you. Clarence? Well, don't just sit there, shoot him. Where'd he come from? Absolutely. Sure. No problem. Thank you. Well, don't just sit there, shoot him. Where'd you come from? I'm me... I mean, that's me.Look, we don't care if you bring in the state milita, the volunteer fire department, the L.A. Thunderbirds, the ghost of Steve McQueen, and the twelve Roman gladiators, so long as we get credit for the bust. We talked him into it. I believe he believes him. Sure was. Uh-huh. Okee-dokee. It's like this, Krinkle; a patrol car stops this dork for speeding, they walk up to window and the guy's covered in coke. So they bring his ass in and me an' Nicholson go to work on him. You're an actor, so act, motherfucker. This guy's gonna kill him. Whatta we gonna do? He's in an elevator. He knows something's up. He saw the wire. He knows. Hope you're a good actor, Elliot. You do more than try. We have to show in court that, without a doubt, a successful man, an important figure in the Hollywood community, is also dealing cocaine. This rabbit'll do anything not to do time, including wearing a wire. He produced "Coming Home in a Body Bag". Suspect's words - So we got this guy scared shitless and he starts talkin'. And, Krinkle, you ain't gonna fuckin' believe it. Nicholson and I go to work on him. Now er know somthing's rotten in Denmark, 'cause this dickhead had a big bag, and it's uncut, too, so we're sweatin' him, trying to find out where he got it. Scarin' the shit outta him. Krinkle, this is it. We got it, man. And it's all ours. I mean talk about fallin' into somethin'. You shoulda seen it, it was beautiful. Dimes is hittin' him from the left about being fucked in the ass by niggers, I'm hittin' him form the right about not likin' pussy anymore, finally he starts cryin', and then it was all over - 'Course you'll wanna fuck her in the ass. Pussy just won't feed right anymore - But there is a bright side though. If you ever have to play a part of a guy who gets fucked in the ass on a daily basis by throat-slitting niggers, you'll have so much experience to draw on - Or a supporting actor - You're no longer an extra - No don't sit here and feed us some shit. Not a tiny little vial -No. No you're not. You are the dumbest person in the world. No. Yeah? I guess so. Follow me. Where's everybody else? He says Wednesday at three o'clock at the Beverly Wilshire. He wants everybody there. He'll talk to you. If after talkin' to you he's convinced you're OK, he'll do business. If not, he'll say fuck it and walk out the door. He also wants a sample bag. Mr. Donowitz? I told you, through Dick. He's in my acting class. About a year. Yeah, he's good. They grew up together. Sure thing. Get it straight, Lee isn't into taking risks. He deals with a couple of guys, and he's been dealing with them for years. They're reliable. They're dependable. And, they're safe. No. No, you don't. What? Sure. I didn't hear anything. He trusts you? The police department? What department? Look, Dick, I don't - Ha ha ha. No really, where does it come from? - that you're unloading for two hundred thousand dollars - Yeah, OK. So you guys got five hundred thousand dollars worth of cola that you're unloading - You're the one who wanted to drive fast. Put it in your pants. Please, they'll be here any minute. Just put it in your bra. They won't search you. I promise. You haven't done anything. Just put it in your purse. You gotta hold this for me. Fuck! I knew it! I fucking knew it! I should have my head examined, driving like this! Kandi, you gotta help me.That's why it doesn't come across as ass-kissin', because it's genuine, and he can see that. You're tellin' him what he wants to hear, but that ain't the same thing as kissin' his ass. Are you kiddin'? He loves you. Oh, and your line to Charles Atlas in there: "I'll take that gun", "You'll have to". All anybody saw was Clint Eastwood drinkin' coffee. Clarence, I gotta hand it to ya. You were cooler than cool. Killin' 'em's the hard part. Gettin' away with it's the easy part. Whaddaya think the cops do when a pimp's killed? Burn the midnight oil tryin' to find who done it? They couldn't give a flyin' fuck if all the pimps in the whole wide world took two in the back of the fuckin' head. If you don't get caught at the scene with the smokin' gun in your hand, you got away with it. I don't blame you. He don't got no right to live. I ain't tellin' ya nothin'. I'm just sayin' what I'd do. Then shoot 'em. Shoot 'em in the face. And feed that boy to the dogs. You wanna get unhaunted? With that son-of-a-bitch walkin' around breathin' the same air as you? And gettin' away with it every day. Are you haunted? Can you live with it?Wanna count your money? If you don't know shit, why does he think you can sell it? Why does he trust you? Elliot tells me you're fronting for a dirty cop. Bastards. That's why I always eat at Lawreys. Where'd you go? You like a little coffee with your cream and sugar? Don't worry, I'll desire. Boris, could I have some more coffee. I hear you talkin' Clarence. We park our cars in the same garage. Thank you very much, Clarence. Lee, Clarence . Please don't insult me. Call me Lee. I don't think that'll be necessary. Let's all have a seat. Boris, why don't you be nice and get coffee for everybody. Well, then, what's the hurry? Is it true the rights to "Doctor Zhivago" are in arbitration? But the bottom line is: I'm not Paramount. I have a select group of distributers I deal with. I buy their little movies. Accomplish what I wanna accomplish, end of story. Easy, business-like, very little risk. I don't know, Clarence, "Doctor Zhivago" is a pretty big movie.Don't blow it, Elliot. He's bluffin'. He just told you so himself. He's bluffin ya, Elliot. Can't you see that? You're an actor, remember, the show must go on. We gotta get him outta there. How's he supposed to see the wire? How the fuck could he know? You do. So you gotta get him to admit on tape that he's buying this coke. Like gang-busters. Now, remember, if you don't want to go to jail, we gotta put your boss in jail. He's so spooked he'd turn over his momma, his daddy, his two-panny granny, and Anna and the King of Siam if he had anything on him. To front for him. So Elliot is workin' out the deal between them and his boss, a big movie producer named Lee Donowitz. Which wasn't too hard, the guy was a real squid. Nicholson and I. Krinkle, you're lookin' at the two future cops of the month. We have it, and if I say we, I don't mean me and him, I'm referring to the whole department. Haven't had a decent bust this whole month. Well, we mighta come in like a lamb, but we're goin' out like a lion - That is, of course, if you don't catch Aids from all your anal intrusions. And just think, when you get out in a few years, you'll meet some girl, get married, and you'll be so understanding to your wife's needs, because you'll know what it's like to be a woman. You're a fuckin' star! And you're gonna be playin' your little one-man show nightly for the next two fuckin' years for a captive audience - Or a bit player - You got caught. It's all fun and fuckin' games till you get caught. But now we gotcha. OK, Mr. Elliot actor, you've just made the big time - But a fuckin' baggie. Look, sunshine, we found a sandwich bag of uncut cocaine -