Like you? I don't know, maybe I'll enrol for postgrad' studies next Autumn. Well, he sure seems fired up all of a sudden. Sounds cool.....Do you think he's serious about squatting a place? So how's your work? No, you guys are great together. He'll come through, I'm sure. I don't know. It's kind of underground. Doug's right, there's too much crap in this town. Cheers Katka! Hey Doug, you want a beer? What are you having? And pay for their drinks occasionally. What about me? Some deal you did there! Sure....Anything else I can do for you? Doug, I can't just leave you! It's...42 56 76 . Yeah, Dave Walters. What do you want me to do? And if you're wrong. Do you want me to see what's on them? Yeah, somewhere? Did you see anything in the files? Lucky break! So? I could try and get a Western lawyer. WE gotta think of something. You're kidding. What happened? Did you see a lawyer and go before a judge? No, but I ran into Jahn, seems him and his friends are in big trouble with the University, they might even be expelled. Honza says they'll print an open letter to President Havel in next weeks edition even if they have to threaten a walk-out. I stopped by your office. Henry was steaming, he says he's going to throw you out of the window and that you never worked at the Bugler. They ain't the only ones. Huh? Your too good for this town, Buddy. I don't want to ruin your day. He's lying! I am. Does Jahn's thing have a name? You capitalist pig! You might make Henry happy......Sure, I'll do it. What? Nothing, it's just that's when things usually start to go wrong. Don't tell me you really are in love? Well, I take it you're going to drag her down to your minimal existence and adjust her mindset. A fine specimen for conversion. She's as American as apple pie too. Have you figured out exactly what it is you despise about them? Couldn't keep your hands off the hired help, huh? You Romeo's sure pay a high price sometimes - anyone I know? What happened to Katka? And a tram hit you? My God! What happened? I can't, I've got to split. I have to take a class at two o'clock. What? We could make a start on the floor afterwards. No, not yet. Forget it Doug, it's no good. Red or white? Why don't we go together? No beer? You should have said it was Bring-A-Bottle. Fancy some lunch after we_re through with this Meccano shit? Do you think anyone will really come here? Like a hand? Who put a bee up your butt? Am I late? So why didn't we? Why don't we just take the whole damn building, brick by brick Doug. Let's split. Jesus Doug, they'll execute us! It looks new, they might miss one or two. What's that, five instead of ten years jail. Close! Like helping a sick kid? Nope. Destroy the evidence huh. I thought you were gonna throw these? Moved on to plumbing huh? You'd be better off with tables and chairs. Yeah, her name's Kavlova, why? Yeah, I'll take some. Look I gotta get going, shouldn't you have met Katka? I don't know Doug, we haven't even got the place together and already you want to extend it. Why, how in the hell are we going to set up a cafe? Sounds like a good reason to leave it alone. And suppose a little old lady lives there? Don't we have enough already? But how did the wall get here? Can you do the lock on it? Yeah, I'm beginning to see that. I've been saying that since we met. Oh yeah, what's my connection to that? Really, "The Freeman Centre"? I'm an idiot? Tough break. 'cause you stink of booze. I'll try not to, I'll leave that to you. Anyway, there's still plenty more of it. No, just making my contribution to cultural enlightenment, that's all. You're nuts man, Katka's right! Thought of everything haven't you. And if the police stop by - what do I tell them? I'll settle for a pardon. You gotta drill? A locksmith too? Why d'you ever bother with writing? I thought that was part of the charm! Yeah, you're in luck there's two of them, the other's in there. You sure got a handle on that word "we". So? And put it on expenses? Just two things. What do I use to shift the stuff and where in hell am I gonna put it all? I feel like a mole in this joint, so I guess I might as well come out lookin' like one! That makes you an expert I guess. He was an electrician? That stinks! No, I got nothing till Tuesday. Alright I give in. But let's not end up in jail. Okay? I don't know man, I'll drink beer and shoot crap with you anytime, but this is different. No thanks, I think we ought to get going though. We could make a run for it? Puppet theatre, don't you need something a little bigger? Okay, we're listening. But I'm with Katka on this one. Amazing, he didn't even say "if". Care to elaborate? Like Custer huh? He's not drunk, he's crazy. You've got to stop using that word "we" it's getting kind of scary. Right Katka? So? DOUG Well, there's tons of empty buildings - why don't we get one? Squatted it. I ain't sure poetry will go down too well here. Oh yeah, what's that? Still, fifty cents ain't bad. Fifteen crowns. Who's your friend? Give'em a break Doug, all it takes is a little work. What's that? Free! Yeah and they manage to go to bourgeois joints! Never heard of K-MART? Anything in it? What about that squat bar you showed me, is that open on a Sunday? Sorry Katka, but I'm with Doug on this. We're only joking.....It is your round though! And not even then sometimes. But we are underground? Because it's in English? How to make a buck! Son of the American ambassador and a banker - good enough? Fresh from the shrink I'd say! He_s the closest we've got to an intellectual. Turn around quick! There shooting at something. Yeah....Shit, those guys have guns. Follow that Budjovice sign. Jesus Holly, we got enough time. Yeah! Take this exit. Yeah, pretty well. Sure, it's on the red metro line you.... Well, he should be on his way back to his apartment by now. Sure I'm sure! No! Josh didn't get Doug out of jail, he did a deal in return for some computer disks we'd held onto. What are you talking about? What? Listen, Doug took the rap for us all so grab your coat 'cause you're going. Look, I don't care whether you go with Doug or not, but you_ve got to see him before he leaves. We ain't going to give it away this time, are we? Time for lunch I think. I'll get the sandwiches. What would you like Holly?Before you go, did you get those bruises here? Well a plea of ignorance won't go far here. Frankly, I think you deserve everything that's coming. Well, I'll try and get that clarified. As I understand it though, the charges include break and enter, theft, trespass, operating an unlicensed facility, vandalism and destruction of government documents - Whatever possessed you to start destroying people's medical records? Now, have you been read your rights and are you aware of the charges? I see, would you like us to inform her of your situation? Your home address is 18 Thornton Avenue, Coventry. Date of birth, November the fourth nineteen-sixty-two. Now - Your name is Douglas Greenwell, yes? I don't know what it is with you bloody hooligans. Not content with causing trouble back home, YOU idiots have to go off and wreak havoc throughout the whole of Europe. And when finally, the police do catch up with you, you expect us to wave a magic wand and get you out, well not this time, I'm sorry. I'm just here to record some details, standard stuff.Here! I should have read the fine print. I love you Holly, thanks. God, I think I need a holiday. You could give me your baseball, so I can drive this bastard nuts.....He's been playing chequers for eight hours and still hasn't won a game. If I cut a deal, I'm not staying in this country and I want Holly to come with me. So, if she doesn't come here today, you're going to have to get her to me tomorrow; after I call, promise? You're in the clear, keep it that way, I'll be okay. 42 56 76......... Okay, you wait at Dave's for my call tomorrow, if you don't hear from me by three o'clock, send that note and get out of the country fast. Good, what's his number? Get me one of the disks. Ask a Czech girl to smuggle it in to me this evening. Put the others in a locker and write the details in a note to Reuters and be ready to send it, if this doesn't work. You'd better keep clear of your apartment too. Do you know someone with a phone? Siberia. No point, it'll be in Czech and God knows what format. But if I'm right, they could be my ticket out of here. Suppose those contained all the file info too? You could have a third or so of it there. What happened to those disks I gave you, have you still got them? It was all in Czech wasn't it. Maybe, but I've started to wonder what those files were all about. Suppose it was old KGB stuff and had the dirt on big people or maybe the personnel records of the secret police, that might explain all the hassle and the cover-up. Well, it seems they've dropped any charge relating to the files. You know, there is one thing I can't figure out. All along they've been bugging me about those files and when I told them I'd burned all that stuff, they went nuts - they told the Consul guy they were medical records? Now you're using that word. Well, the trial's in two weeks, but I think they've already sentenced me. They just need to check if Siberia can slot me in. I don't know, I'm waiting for the transcript. Yeah. I tell you, they're one big happy family over there. Damn! They're good guys..... Have you seen Holly? He got that one right. I had a visit from the British Embassy. They think I'm a stray soccer hooligan. So I hear. That bad? Tell me some bad news? Chris! Tell me some good news. It's me you want, I'm responsible for all this. Hey Jahn.....You got a name for this thing? The performance is free what more do you want....I've set that old phone up as a donation box and I'll get Jahn to write out a sign....Okay, let's get going. Shit no, it'll be twice cost. Good, and then type up a notice on your computer for tonight's thing, photocopy it and put it up in all the faculty buildings and a couple of the pubs. It'll start at eight o'clock and the bar will be open from seven. Holly and I'll go and get some beer and wine. Can you bankroll the bar for tonight? Take the drill back to Honza at the office, I promised to get it back for the weekend and I don't want to show my face there. Chris, can you do me a favour? Yeah and I got the bruises to prove it. So what? What are you on about? She's cool. It just happened. Holly! Didn't I tell you, she dumped me Monday night. No, the boyfriend. I fell in love. Thanks. Come on Chris, give me a hand. No, We aren't going to do it. Get me a couple of beers and a salami. You're all bloody useless. Have you cleared all the rubble up? I see, you've got your hands too far up your collective arse to pull it out long enough except to drink my bloody wine. Both, see you later. No, it could take me hours. You know what it's like trying to find things in this town, not to mention disposable stuff - I wouldn't think they've ever heard of them. You get the wine and I'll go see if I can rustle up some plastic cups. Not on the opening night, wouldn't look right. Here, let's both put in two hundred crowns. That should get nine or ten bottles of wine. No, I figure once they see the place and we get'em a little drunk, they'll all want to help. We should have that floor done in a day or so. We'd better get some booze in for tonight. Sure, I think it_s your turn to buy too. Well, I think I_ve got a handle on the Czech pysche and I reckon this kind of joint will make _em reminisce about the sixties. Plus we should get a few stray expat_s looking for Kafka. When your ready Son! No, not if you've got better things to do. Afternoon! We don't speak Czech! Look at it this way, it's their contribution. If we'd explained it to them, they'd probably have given it to us anyway. Not yet, we need a few lengths of scaffold. Stealing's stealing, we might as well get what we need. This'll do for the floor and the walkway too. We're going to need it all. Perfect! They'll never get us. Just aiding and abetting if it makes you feel better. No, for the Asylum. Could you handle it if it was in a good cause? Have you ever stolen anything? I had a better idea, we'll burn them. There's a drum across the road; I was just waiting for the workers to go home. We got a party tomorrow night. Can't have the place smelling like shit. See if she can donate some paintings or something to hang on these walls, give it a bit of atmosphere. Need any disks? Is it gone four-thirty? Don't worry if the old lady's there I'll brick it back up. I'll rig up something don't worry - Do you think I could bash through with that little hammer? Well, it's definitely there - We've just got to get to it. Just think though, it would make a hell of a cafe, that way we keep the auditorium clear. No way, it's sealed - if she's in there she's dead. It must be fair old size, suppose it's empty? I'd love to get in there. I don't know. This wall isn't like the rest though, it's not all that old either. It must be on the other side of this. No, it's welded up!....Let's take a look from the inside. I don't know but that used to be a window and I think that was a door. Just save me a little patch and I'll do it later. Perfect, but I can't use it right now, I've got to get these locks done; it's a matter of priorities. Yes, but it suddenly clicked, this is going to be a crazy place and, since the Commies are used to seeking asylum, we can use that in the marketing. None, it's mine - you said it earlier, I'm nuts. No....The Asylum! Nope, not even close. I've thought of a name for this place and you were the inspiration though. Yeah, that was Honza's idea, I had to buy him a few beers in return for the gear. No, why? Good, I love swinging a shovel. Well, don't get carried away. Wow!....What have you been doing, rolling around in it? Yep, except a name for this place. Tell them we're working for the University. No.....But I think Honza at the office has. You keep shifting this crap and I'll take care of the locks, shouldn't take long. Take a break for lunch and I'll catch you up later. I'm making history Chris, nothings going to stop me. There could be a knighthood for us in this, once President Havel hears. I'll drill the locks and replace the barrels, that way it won't cost so much. Later Mate, right now I've got to do the locks on these doors so we don't have to climb through that bloody window every time. Not bad hey, I think I'll add Sparkie to my resume.....Good shovel! Well, we might as well start filling it in now. As long as you leave enough room around that end of the pipe - so I can get to it, we're set. Use them wooden boards to stop it all spilling into the space - We'll neaten it up later. Somehow, I'm going to have to band-aid that thing since we can't really replace it and then put a walkway over it. Sure....As for the crap, I've got an idea. Scout around and see if there's something, check that other corridor. If there's nothing, nip out and buy a broom and shovel. Don't worry, I'll give you a hand as soon as I can. Too right....Now the other thing we've got to do is start clearing up the rubble. Can you make a start on that? No, he was talking about girls, I think. No, but like my dad said, "There's only so many ways you can wire a plug". Yeah, that could be job number two. I think it's a sewer. Great. Let's say nine o'clock here tomorrow. Catch you later partner. You got my word on it. Damn right it is, it's a chance to do something meaningful for a change, to leave our mark on this town. Hell, you'll probably be gone in another six months and all you'll have done is taught some kids the lines to a Led Zep' song - c'mon, don't run out on me now! Chris, what if I were to cut you in as partner in this project - together we could make it swing, all it needs is a good clean out and the power on, then we're in business. You were right Jahn, it's a great space..... Hey, Chris. Do you want to come and look? Okay, it's in here somewhere. Let's keep it quiet. It's big, right Jahn? Well, it's like I said, there's a ton of empty buildings around here and most of them were apparently given back to the city, so they're not private.... Now, Jahn here is an drama student at the University. He knows of a building that they were going to turn into a puppet theatre - they even began work on it, until they ran out of money. No "if's" or "but's" it's a cinch. Do you want to know what the icing is? Well, providing we're treated like Czechs and we squat something that's not privately owned, we should be in the clear; at least DOUG until they get an eviction order and bring in the bailiffs. Good news comrades, it's better than we'd hoped. Lubosh filled me in on the legal side of squatting here and it's a piece of cake. These guys think the West is just MTV and Hollywood movies. We've got to show them there's more to it. Maybe, but someone's got to make a stand. What we need is a space for real performance art. A cultural exchange for radical expressionism. Right and not just the bar, Lubosh and his mates took the whole freakin' building. No, it's the whole idea behind it. How did they get this place? An alternative literary venue! This place is getting expensive too, used to be twelve. What did the beer cost? Hmm..Smells good. Cheers! That's Lubosh, the greatest fiddle player in Prague. You must have seen him playing with Johnny on the bridge. ......Come on, let's grab a table. Just because they've got a choice of four McDonalds, doesn't mean they can afford a cheeseburger. It all comes down to ideology and they've lost theirs. If I'd been here ten years ago, maybe they wouldn't be in the mess they are today. I don't have the money for those Bourgeois traps. Hell, I'm making what a Czech earns. No, just crap. I want some picture frames. Yeah, let's check out the low-life. You're outnumbered Kat two to one, got to go with the majority, that's democracy. Well, this place is too expensive so you've had it. You guys having a go a me or what? Inspirations a fickle thing, you don't realise you had it till it's gone. No you don't get it. Every cabby in town knows this joint. So where's the mystery, the danger? Yeah, but it's not just that. To the Czech mind, any movement, whether political or literary should be underground. If it isn't, then it's not radical and not worthy of a look-in. Yeah right!....I don't know, something isn't right with this place, it's all too sterile and staged. Do you ever wonder why there's no Czechs here? Wanker more like, what does he know about writing. What is it with that Josh guy? Who does he think he is shoving that Reflections rag down our throats? Yeah, group bloody therapy time. What's that? A Democrat with an attitude! Sure, they wanted to know if I ever voted Conservative. Regards to Her Majesty. They didn't look like medical files to me. No! No! That's my mum's. Yes. Yes. So am I. You mean your NOT going to spring me? Good morning. Yeah, maybe. I could pencil you in if you like? We should be done by the weekend. I'd like to talk with you about doing some performance poetry here....A weekly thing. Here's the details. No! Look Lawrence, I've taken over the lease on a theatre downtown and I'm throwing a party tomorrow night to show it off. It's going to be for alternative arts, but I need some help to finish it off, can you put the word out? I've been around. Hey, Lawrence how are you doing mate? Not this time, Kat. It was a mistake, I never wanted to hurt you, but it had to end sooner or later and now, well now I love someone else. Forget about me Kat. There's nothing there for me. No Kat, I lied to you, I hate England and I don't ever want to live there again. I'm no good for you Katka, besides I won't be able to stay in Prague. I hope so! Thanks. Look, I love you Katka but I'm twelve years older, I could never marry you, it'd be stupid, you know that! No, I love you, really. Right now, yeah - you're talking crap. I'm not a bloody teenager okay, I told you I can't do that shit. That's not true, we have a great time together. I've said I'm sorry. Let's forget about it and go stop by my place, so I can get changed. No. Beer please! Do you want another drink? Yeah, you're right.... I've got an idea! I want you so bad. She'll be asleep soon, maybe we could do it quietly under the sheets. It's bad news when you can't even bribe kids. Let's have a look anyway. I hope you're going to invite me in? No, not just yet. Kat, I'm in paradise. I don't ever want to leave. Nonsense, we can pick up the tram on the other side, it won't take any longer. Come on! Let's walk over the bridge, we haven't done that for a while. I'm sorry but it's been a crazy evening. I'm going to make that place into something big. God, I love you! Alright, I'm coming. It's the perfect place Jahn, thanks. Okay, whatever. Come on Chris! Don't worry it's okay! Look Kat it'll only take ten minutes. Without Jahn I might never find it... We'll just have a quick look and then you and I'll hit a tram. Look, just hear me out, okay? Don't give me this Kat, I'm doing it for you and your country. No I'm not, I came to Prague looking for something - this could be it! You're everything a guy could want. A word of advice my celibate friend. These Czech girls look like dynamite and go like it, but don't be fooled; there's a price to be paid and it's going up fast. Right Kat? Whatever! So what's it going to be, Coogan's or U Vayvudoo? How about you Brutus? I'll get the drinks, but not here. Let's split. I can't stand this any more, it's murdering my respect for literature. Well not any more, now I'm a serious writer and above this crap. Ooh, well excuse me. I think he's jealous of Havel. Lawrence is getting derogatory again. Cool....So, if we say eight o'clock. Great....How long will it go for? Don't worry. Thanks. Don't go making it too simple, we're on the cutting edge here. Great. And your all set for the performance? Yep, it's all yours. Donations only! And make the thing non-lingual, so everyone gets a handle on it. Look, if you can get them to finish it by Friday, you and your friends can do the opening performance that night. There's three thousand crowns, it's all I got. Well, I want them to put down a floor and a walkway. So I hear, do you know some of the stage hands? Later. Jahn, I've been let down by the guys who were going to do the flooring. They brought the materials but took my money and ran. You guys have a school theatre don't you? Hey Chris, keep an eye on things. Interesting. Do reckon I could fit through here? Don't worry, I've got lots of friends. And, since it's only two streets away, I suggest we go take a look. Now! It's perfect, you've done a great job. Good, great....Dobchay! Yeah, great....Dobchay! It will dry, yes? Okay? What for? Deal! Two hundred dollars, make it six thousand crowns? Henry, I've been working my tail off on this. Look, all I need is a little cash to loosen up some tongues and you've got the scoop. It'll send those scum-bags down for life; be a big feather in the cap for the Bugler and your board of directors back home! You can hold back this months pay-check until I come through with the story. I'm in close with these guys, it isn't easy, but slowly they're opening up to me. Give me a month and I'll blow their movement wide open. Henry, these guys already push most of the drugs in this town and now they want to move into pornography, right? Believe me, it won't stop there either, next it'll be a church and pretty soon they'll have their own department store or something...... Henry, we've got to stop them. The foundation's got to put an end to it! That's only the half of it. I've heard a rumour they're taking over a theatre to use for alternative arts; you know what that means? You mean you don't know, Henry! We got a bunch of anarchists, controlling a six-level block of luxury apartments down on Janovska street here in the Old Town, and you don't know about it? How do I know what's being said? You mean it's started? Will this thing take long? Will they free me? Any chance of getting me out on bail? Cool....Either of you know the way to Krakow? Where did you steal the car? Oh shit, yeah. Can you lend some more money? Head the flyers up with Asylum and then put Debut of....Psychosis, Theatre experimental. That'll cover us if it flops. On the bottom put seek Asylum where the stars shine on Betlemska. Alright! Hmm, I still owe him. How did he look? Run into Josh? Did you take your things over to my place? Sure! Sometimes. Guests. I had it coming from someone. I'll be okay, just get me home. One beer, one coffee, thanks. What would you like, beer? Yeah seems okay. Yeah, we'd better keep them for now, I'll try and get some glasses for tomorrow night. I know, some are trapped, usually by money. No, I'm just running scared, same as everyone else. I moving more to Communism now it's dying out. It's a student magazine networked through Eastern Europe and funded by Republican do-gooders back in the States. Well, I've failed at everything else I've done and I can't hack it as a journalist, even for the Bugler. The way I look at it, I've carried the camel to water and stuffed it's head under - if it doesn't drink now, we might as well shoot the thing and call it a day. Alright, go help Chris shovel up the last of the crap. We don't need you. Sure as long as you don't bring that prick Josh. Thanks Lawrence. I'll put one on the notice-board too. Well she sure isn't normal. That's okay I like the metro, it's only a couple of stops from here. We had a deal! Central station, locker number 139 - combination JFK. Yeah! I'll need to make a phone call. How do I know this isn't a trap? And the students? The choice is yours, it's not negotiable. First, I want to walk free with a letter, in English, from the Prosecutor General dropping all charges. Second, I want two first class tickets to London leaving tonight and three thousand crowns in a stamped envelope. Lastly, all actions against the students are to be stopped! I didn't get to see what's on the disks but I can guess. Do you want to hear my terms or not. Not all of them! I lied to you, I didn't destroy the floppy disks. Thanks, but I don't intend to stay. No! A kind of freedom. It was the biggest I could find. Fuck you! That's right. Yes, they had nothing to do with it. No way, he even gave me back pay. Come on, that shit can wait. Great, let's break for lunch and I'll buy you a beer on the way. No problem, is it at your place? Give me a break, will you. How often do I ask you for something? Come on, don't me give a hard time. I'm just trying to make the place look nice for Katka. And a fifty foot extension lead? Nothing. I've got to put up some kitchen shelves that's all. You've got one haven't you? No, just a drill. Working....Under cover.Insurance! And take Jiri with you? There's three thousand and if you don't come through, I'm going throw you clean out of that window. Deal? I got a bad feeling about this.... How much do you need? What pay-check? You ain't done nothing! A month, Jesus! And how do I know you're not crapping me? How? Ah, so what?So, he didn't fire you? But I have to finish this.... Yeah. Okay, Okay, but I want it right back. It belongs to my father. Sure! You don't have fifty foot of apartment! Yeah. A drill, what are you up to? Hey Doug, where you been?About forty minutes. Yes, it's looks good.....We will use this for the soundtrack and we will have two guys up there with the spotlights. The others will just be house lights. No thanks, I must go, but maybe you could get some beers for the guys. Yeah, it's a simple piece. If they get the floor done in time, me and the others will rehearse tomorrow afternoon, but it's not critical. They'll do it. Okay. I'll do my best. Is the place open. Can we charge admission? It's not so much. Sure, they are students. Yes, The Obelisk but it's closed for repairs. Hi, want to take up dancing? Sure, I've done it easily. No, I am an actor not a labourer, I am just warning you, that's all. Yeah, for sure.I will tell you - within a week I will have the transcript and we can go through it. Of course, you can see that lady over there, she is recording everything. No, it should be over soon. I don't know - maybe they are talking about it now. Mr Vitovetch is a good friend of the Judge. What is bail?Alright, I'll see to it and things'll be just as they were, okay? Will you come home and forget all about him? You really are a piece of work, you know that? You walk out on me and my family for some worthless bum and you expect us to help him when he screws up. So, what have you got to say for yourself? Was he good in bed? Of course Darling, you'd like to apologise? Honey what a pleasant surprise, sorry to keep you waiting. Shall I look after the rest? Yeah and you're a slut, so what? It's more than what you're worth. That's my bag. Come on Holly! It's time to go home, Holly. Well, for a start, you've got to get cleaned up. I think we should be going honey. Okay honey, but don't be long. I got plans. Yeah, so I hear. Don't you think you should go get changed? Well come on, sit down. See you brought one of the patients with you too. All I'm saying Honey is run the thing past me for Christ's sake before you get up and broadcast the crap. Shit Honey, you could've told me. People might think it's about us! When the hell did you write that?Turned Czech huh? I'll take a rain-check for now. Really? Hmm, I see possibilities but you got a lot to do. Sure. Excellent. Have you met Holly? Josh's friend. Doug, haven't seen you for a while.I insist, it is the least we can do. Yes, you are free to go, Karel here will drive you home. Good, wait here, it will not take long and then you may go. Release Mr Greenwell's possessions. Would you like your things now? You may use my office. You have the letter and my word, if you wish you may wait upstairs....Now, where are the disks? I have the Director's word, there will be no action against them. You may go once we have the disks. I'm not sure it's possible. What is it you want? You are playing a very dangerous game, I suggest you make it easy on yourself and tell me where they are. Good try Mr. Greenwell but a little late. We have analyzed the contents of that drum, the remains of the disks are there, just as you said. Really! We'll have to see what more we can do for you, while you are still our guest. Enjoying our hospitality? Either you're a liar or you are a fool. What was the real purpose behind this venture? Why did you break into that particular building? You will wish you hadn't. And you broke into that room? This is your doing? Very well. What if his accomplices have made copies? And there has been enquiries from the American Embassy maybe they are involved? And what of these foreigners? It was crazy not to have destroyed them I don't understand it, there were a lot of people there last night, many Americans, I believe we should move carefully. Some Americans? Yes, I think so, it is still barred, but it is not the University who are in the building. The building has been occupied and the locks have been changed. We're not sure... The files are in a sealed room and the University are under strict orders to stay away. In a building belonging to the University in the Old Town. This press we cannot control. Americans, I think.Tomorrow, we will bring some lights and also hang some fabric. I think it will be finished in the morning. Yes, of course...maybe one hour. It is okay........We will paint the wood black, yes? Yo, dobree!