I like the sound of that. Those yours too? No, I mean... I'm a little... dusty... I'm not really dressed for a party. How'd you know it was me? Trust me, this ain't one of those times. You wouldn't say that, if you could see me. Victor must've taken him. It's easy for you to be patient. It's not him. It's them. I can't live like this. Oh, he did. I wouldn't be caught dead in that. You look like an eighties rock band. Well why didn't you say so? You want me to lift some weights or something? Wouldn't want to keep Vic waiting. Is it safe? I can handle the ship. I can even handle Mr. Blonde Ambition. But I don't know if I should be flying or playing Vegas in these suits. Who the hell came up with them? Way to not overthink it. So when do we leave? And you can? Power it up? Reed said it'd be weeks till -- What do you want, Vic? What is this? Where's Reed? About me? How sweet. What are you doing here? I already got it. Everything I want. Deb, it's me. It's still me. Don't come any closer for a sec. This is gonna be kind of a shock... You remember when we said "together forever no matter what"? Deb... It's me. I need you to step out front. Soon as I'm back, I'm gonna trade that in for a bigger rock. I'll be watching over you. Forget it, egghead. I'm good as is. Got it, teach. Glad "nothing" could take you away from your work. Yeah. I can tell. Victor was right. Oh, you remember my name do you? You happen to remember what you swore to do with every breath in your body? It's about to be a broken face. Not unless you want that clipboard stretched up your -- Yeah. You don't wanna know the details. You got a chisel round here? Yeah, nine years straight. Am I okay?! You wanna explain that?! What the --! I think I need to lie down. Bad shrimp. Well maybe you should date him. I'm sorry, did that cosmic-bath loosen your screws? Reed, I'm not talking about Debbie. You go through something like this, makes you appreciate having the right woman in your life. Reed. Even you can't compute every little thing. Solid. How long was I out? I ain't done arranging your flowers, egghead. Should? This is your dream, Reed. You should be the one up there. Isn't that your speech? This makes five. Five times. They crashed it into a wall. A flight simulator. No. I cannot take orders from that underwear model. That wingnut washed out of NASA for sneaking two Victoria Secret wannabes into a flight simulator. Can't do it. I cannot do it. I know, I know. I'm just worried about what he wants... Speaking of which... Maybe you should think about yourself for once. You always let this guy push you round -- He knew about NASA. What if he made the call to shut us down -- What about his first born? I can't take this. You'd never know it. Good thing it ain't workin... Reed, what are we doing here? This guy's fast-food, strip-mall science -- No more cracks about how I look. The machine works. And Vic's gone Mister Hyde on us -- Go back to the drawing board. Give me the god damn mirror! Give me a mirror... What's wrong with me? Reed?... Sue? Where... where am I? Put your tiny little mind at ease. Hey, two hearts got busted last time. Maybe she's not over it either. 'Course not. Strictly business. Keep talking, there won't be a next time. What the hell you smiling at? Just keep your mouth shut, and your mind on those SMBs --But... this disease... is progressive... degenerative... The Center for Disease Control. If this thing is contagious -- I wish I could tell you. I can't pretend to know what we're dealing with here. I'll notify the CDC and -- At this rate, the infection should be complete in two, maybe three weeks -- I don't really know. A compound organic-metallic alloy. Stronger than titanium or carbon steel. Harder than diamonds -- Your tissue, your organs, your entire biophysical structure is changing. Every system is still functioning, somehow --Hey, I'm Mr. Sensitivity now. Clear the way, wide load coming through. Really? With a name like Von Doom? Never saw that one coming. Hey! That's a prototype! They said that's not such a good idea, the shock alone could -- I swear to you they've done everything humanly possible. The best plastic surgeons in the world, Ben. You had the best -- They're fine. Everybody else... is fine. Back on Earth. Victor's medical facility... We're in quarantine. Don't you wander off, boy. Let's see: you got Victor, stud of the year, more coin than God? Or Reed, the world's dumbest smart guy worth less than a postage stamp. Hmmm, it's a toss-up. Yeah, well, his eyes say different. Please tell me your dawg's not trying to rekindle things with my sister. If you behave, maybe next time daddy'll let you drive. Actually, the engines are SMEs. Hydrogenbase, carbon propellant. Couple generations past your last ride. I'm not as dumb as you look. Not this again -- I though we went over this. Me like-y. Meet me at 4:01, top of the run. That'll give you a minute to freshen up. I've never felt better in my life. When do you get off work? So are you! I don't know if "we've" noticed, but the sickest runs this side of the Alps are right outside that window -- But all these people... Act. Here we go again. Reed, what if we got these gifts for a reason? What if we have some, you know... like, calling? Right, whatever, have fun. He's right. These costumes are... missing something. I can't put my finger on it -- Oh, well that's easy: I'm hot. You're... well, you're a little limp. Sue's easy to see through. And Ben's always been a hardass. Why aren't you writing this down? What are you trying to say? Just because I dress well and like to dance -- Gotcha. Okay. Supernova bad. I can go hotter! This place is deluxe. You got cable? Twenty? From outside the place looks a lot taller. What he's trying to say is: every team needs a mascot... This is wrong in so many ways. Oh, you dawg you. Better not be my nurse! Cool. What'd it do to you guys? Now what is up with that? Ben! Ben! What about you? Sis. Let me take care of you for once. I'm sorry, sis, for leaving you guys -- Look around, sis! She's not here. So you can stop talking to me like I'm your little boy -- At least it beats living in a lab like somebody's science project. Yeah, for the last time, I hope. I'm done with this freak show. I'm moving back to the real world. Blockhead started it! You're gonna pay for that, Pebbles. What?! Dude. That's my sister. Uh, we call my sister the invisible girl... the Invisible Girl. Sweet. You're really cramping my style here. Is that a trick question? C'mon, I can't be the only one who thinks this is cool. Wait. You mean there's chance we could be full-on-24-7-fantastic? What is that thing? Okay, "mom." Flame on, flame off. Flame on, flame off -- Please tell me you go silent too. Keep the hot side hot, and the cool side cool!Top left, like you asked. Today Wall Street. Tomorrow, who knows... maybe Washington. Yes sir. You've got the Mayor at eight, then a nine-thirty interview with the Journal -- Sir, I've always wondered... Why Sue? You could have any woman in the world but -- You know, maybe you should get some rest -- Actually, uh, people seem to think the scar "humanizes" you. Sir, I'm sure he wouldn't put himself -- Stable. We're looking at low twenties. It's a good number, considering the fallout from -- Recording, sir. We see you perfectly. Then what is it? Our numbers are through the roof. The IPO's tracking at fifty, sixty a share. The bank's five times oversubscribed -- They're ready for you, sir. And if he's not...?Ben, I've been crunching the numbers on the machine. I think if we can rework the power settings... Time for your lesson, Vic. Chem 101: what happens when you supercool hot metal...? Ben... Ben, I don't know if this thing'll change us back or make us worse. I need you to be patient for a little while longe-- We're working as hard as we can -- Ben -- This isn't permanent, Johnny. We need to be careful until we're normal again. O-kay. We'll skip that question. Ben, I'm afraid I've got to ask -- Okay. I've uh, got some questions, from Sue. That she thought might be better coming from me... Can you, you know, go to the bathroom... like normal... If we're going to identify the source of the mutation, we need to isolate your recombinant DNA so we can activate positional genomes. We had a tough year. Ben. Are you okay? Are you alright? He's smart, powerful, successful -- What? Come on. She's got a good thing with Victor -- Yeah, you and Debbie and perfect -- I should have done more, run more tests -- I don't know. I just keep going over and over the numbers. Three days. I was worried about you. How are you feeling? Ben. This is serious. Turn around. The shields on the station should protect us. Victor's better at these things. He's made a few changes. I had it at four. When have I asked you to do something you absolutely said you could not do? I'm sure he's matured since then. Youthful high spirits. External SRBs, orbital system engines. Its just like the shuttles you flew in -- We got what we wanted. That's enough. Ben, think about all the people we can help if this works -- Ben, the money's not important. We could save lives. Ben. This is business. Just work. He's financed some of the biggest breakthroughs of this century. This wasn't our first stop, in case you forgot NASA. And Victor's not that bad. He's just a little... Larger than life. Now. Johnny. SUPERNOVA. A higher calling like getting girls and making money? You need to control yourself and think before you -- That's what I'm trying to calculate. And it's not rubber. It's muscle, tendon. I seem to have the ability to manipulate the malleability of my molecular structure and redistribute my density to -- They're not costumes. What? No. I'm trying to figure out why we each ended up with different symptoms. Is there something about flames? About flaming, that you -- Not only could you kill yourself, but you could set fire to Earth's atmosphere and destroy all human life as we know it. Back it down, Johnny! ...and figure out how to reverse them. Let me show you to your rooms. We should stay here until we can define the extent of our changes... Oh, it is. Ben Grimm is a genuine American hero who's been through a terrible orde-- You've been working out. Ben, are you there? The cloud has fundamentally altered our DNA. He's not responsive -- Victor's right. Johnny, get to the command center. Close the shields. I found a broken gasket, from space -- Sue, I need some of that anger, rage, frustration -- The power... I need... more power... to control... the storm -- I can... make it work. Why didn't you say something? You always talked about how you liked the kind of man who could approach you... speak his mind. One who wasn't afraid to tell you what he wanted. You know, I bribed the projectionist ten bucks to keep it open late? You were? I could get Ben to tap into the Baxter's main power to generate enough voltage -- I'm not the only one in there. I got you, Vic, Ben, Johnny, all rattling around in there. Which is why I'm working twenty hours a day, checking every variable -- He was going to take away all my data, equipment -- No way to know. Without more tests, experiments. With the right energy, we can stabilize the storm. Maybe tie into the city grid... Of course. Of course. Curing countless diseases, not just ours. If we can build a machine to re-create the storm, we can reverse the polarity -- The plants, from space. Their particles are still charged. With the right amount of energy, those ions could create the elemental profile of the cosmic storm. There were a lot of variables to consider -- I think it was a little more complicated than -- No, I distinctly remember: you walked out my door. Ergo... I mean, you broke up with me, right? What in the world would give me that idea? Okay. Is there any way to duplicate that feeling? Some memory or... I'm saying, if you had a little more self control, you could locate the trigger. Can you remember the exact emotions when -- You should be able to bend light around other objects, even people, if you could control your emotional state better -- It's not "invisibility" per se. You're bending the light around you with some kind of malleable force field. That's what you projected on the Bridge. That's what we're here to find out. Sue. Your clothes. Lose them. We need to get past them. Let's not jump to conclusions, we need a massive amount of evidence before making that leap. Sue... look at your hands. Uh, Sue...? I can't. For science. Passion. I can tell you guys are enjoying what was the best part of our relationship -- That's good. That's uh... good. Feeling better? Material made from self-regulating unstable molecules. I've been working on a formula for this. As far as crew, I was hoping Ben could pilot the mission -- I, uh, think I remember the number. Well, uh, based on our history... you can handle the biogenetics, and I'll focus on the molecular physics. Or, uhm, maybe I should take the biotech, you work the microscopes, since you have some background in electropho-- Those solar winds are flaring, but I factored them into my coordinates and -- You're, you've, I mean, how have you bee-- But I'm not done with the machine -- What are you doing here? Victor, if we could understand what happened to us -- I ruined? With all due respect, I told you to abort -- Not much. We need to run tests to see the extent of the damage. He's had some kind of... reaction to exposure from the cloud. And he's not the only one. Ben did this. Not until Ben is back inside! Come on, Ben, come on... Ben's still out there -- We've got minutes until it hits, not hours... Victor, that storm's deadly -- the radiation's lethal. We need to abort. Sure. Hilarious. You back this mission, and I'll sign over a fair percentage of any applications or -- Not at all. You remember in school we talked about working together. That's what I was about to explain...I mean... You don't know what it's like out there. Walking around like some kind of circus freak. People staring, whispering -- This ain't permanent. My friend Reed's working on a cure... I think. You know, you could'a run an ad in the personals. Skeptical...? Reed's gonna fix me up -- If you're trying to cheer me up you're doing a helluva job -- 'Scuse me.He couldn't generate enough power for the machine to reach critical mass. Yet another mistake for "Mr. Fantastic." He also said we'd avoid that storm in space. And we know how that turned out. To help you. I've run every test known to man. And they all yield the same result: the machine is ready. Where do you think? With Sue. Ben, come in. Come on. Let me buy you something to eat. Looks like you could use the company. I'm worried about you. That's terrible news... What? What do you mean "complete"? Like the shields Reed said would protect us. How long? And they're changing into... Front page? Make sure you find Ben, bring him back here. And keep it quiet. I don't need this to hit the press. That's why. Because I could have any other woman... You know, when they asked Caesar "why England," he said, "because it's not mine." Later. First, I've got some unfinished business. A deal that needs closing... And that's a good thing? Get me on the AM shows, Larry King, cover of the Journal... I've got to do something about this scar. Make sure they only shoot my right side. Reed's disaster. You know, I half- think he did this to me on purpose. How's the IPO? Leonard, how's the feed? History, Leonard. History. Everything else is conversation... How's the other matter? It's not just the money. I could make money in my sleep. Showtime. Reed's always right. Good thing he doesn't always know what he's got... If Reed's right, then this little trip will double our stock offering. Which is precisely the point. Analysis is over. It's time for action. My men could have mass-produced this by now. What I should have done a long time ago. Applications and patents, Reed. This all belongs to me. I don't want to understand it. This isn't one of your science projects. I just want to fix it. Fast! Abort? Reed, I put my company, my name, billions of dollars on the line, and I will not let you make me look like a fool -- Didn't go as planned? It was a catastrophe. You ruined the lives of four people -- I'm starting to wonder the same thing... How much do you know about what happened to you? Ben did this? Just a little banged up. A couple scrapes. Why? It's too late for him, and soon it'll be too late for all of us. Reed, we're running out of time. So reel him in. But we came here to do a job. So let's do it. Quickly. Get a grip. Reed. We didn't come all this way to lose our nerve at the first little glitch. Just close the shields... Got it. So take a walk, Ben... I'm going to borrow Susan for a second. Funny how things turn out, isn't it? The number's seventy-five. And it's applications and patents. This isn't going to be a problem, is it? But dreams don't pay the bills, do they? Same old Reed, the hopeless optimist. Still reaching for the stars, with the world on your back. Oh, I think you already have. Then why is Reed dragging his feet? Maybe he likes having his prize specimen under glass... It's ironic, isn't it? You're finally the perfect woman for him... because you're his science project. Same old Reed. All analysis, no action. Wasn't that the problem with you two? Susan. What are you doing? It is. There's something we need to talk about. Something I need to ask you... Please, no apologies. I've arranged for your things to be moved to one of my condos. You'll have round-the clock care. I told you, I'm fine. It's you I'm worried about. Just find him. What's going on? Raising the shields. Sue, I've lived my life unafraid of taking big steps. And this is the biggest step yet. If it helps, think of this as a promotion. A merger of sorts... Four little words that can change our lives... Right, of course, the company... But you see, I've come to realize all the accomplishments in the world mean nothing without someone to share them with -- Well, when you're looking at your future, it never hurts to find closure about the past. Surprised I agreed to Reed's proposal? I think you both know my Director of Genetic Research, Susan Storm. For your sake I hope you're right. I'm sorry if that sounds a little skeptical. I'm just saying, I know what it's like to lose something you love. To see it slip away, and know it's never coming back. I know it can't be easy. Life hasn't changed that much for Reed, Sue and Johnny. At least they can go out in public. But for you? People staring. Whispering behind your back...