Now Ann ... Am actually laying my hand on the twenty-five foot gorilla.Ladies and gentlemen! I am touching the beast! I thought that with your assistance we could have the premiere at the Albert Hall. We'll take out a full page ad in Variety - "The Lord Darrow Benefit screening". We'll invite the King of England - hell, we'll get the whole Royal Family along! It'd be good for them and good for us! Miss Darrow ... I've been thinking. I would very much like to dedicate this motion picture to the memory of your father. It's a great shame he wasn't able to join us on this adventure. Truly a wonderful man. I hope it fits ... Mrs Denham's a big lady. Kong is a myth, nothing but a native superstition, Miss Darrow. All we're going to find on that island are some primitive people in grass skirts. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm trying to reduce my handicap. Does this look like the "Queen Mary"?? We don't take passengers! Full steam ahead, Captain Engelhorn! You're outta your depth here, Miss Darrow! Hi - Carl Denham. I'm A big admirer of your work, sir. I've loved all your discoveries. I really want to work closely with you on this incredible find. It'll be good for you and good for me. They' re dead. We should never have come! I pay you good money, only to have my life endangered. You'll be hearing from my lawyer! Well, that was a monumental waste of time! I pay good money, only to be taken on some wild goose chase! I made the mistake of trusting my idiot translator! I'm chartering this vessel,Engelhorn - how many days? We need those co-ordinates -someone's gotta get back there and jot the rest of it down What a climax to the film - The first white men to set foot on ... "Skull Island" Twentieth Century man comes face to face with a ... a ... naked stone age tribe! A man eater! Fantastic! Making history, Herb That's too bad. Y'know ... traditional ceremonies where the woman ... divest themselves of their undergarments. Tell me Mr Ginting - are there any parts of your country where people still wear ... native costume? Exotic lands, primitive people, dangerous animals ... That's what the public expect from a Carl Denham picture! Lead us into the mountains, Sir! And I appreciate that so much, I really do - a sentiment that will be shared by audiences across America when they view my latest documentary sensation "Indonesia ...Hell Hole of the World". Ernie Hemmingway's agreed to write the narration. We're going out through Universal ... Laemmale's promised me fifteen hundred screens. Pleased to meet you ... Hi, bow's it going? Pleased to meet you! Hi, Carl Denham ... How's it going? It must have been terrifying? Did you fear for your life? Are you nervous Jack? She's got a bit of an attitude, that girl. She's turned down a bunch of money. Too bad ... it would've been a great angle - "Beauty and the Beast". I must be getting old - I thought you two had something going there. How about Ann? Is she going with you? I can't get back to the wall! I'll get eaten! The girl's dead, Driscoll. There's no point continuing on. I'm calling a wrap. We're heading back to the ship. Set up the camera boys! Get a shot of me comin' ashore! Yeah? ... Well, I gave 'em a taste of American lead ... and I don't see 'em coming back for seconds! Hey! I thought these things were supposed to be extinct! Kong ... Holy shit! Look at the size of that! Jack ... You get to save the girl and I get my third act! It's gonna be good for you and good for me! What was it, Jack? Did you see her?Ann ... Ann! Take to look out there ..- Have you seen what he's done? You're talking about a crazy animal! Come on, come on! We gotta keep moving! Barricade the gates! Quick! I'm not sailing with this thing on board! This shit is bad luck! Don't you understand? You treat it like a game - two men have already died! Oh Jesus ... you took it. Ann ... you're father is dead. You have nothing to prove anymore. We're leaving. Leave it, Ann. Sun's coming up ... We've been in the fog for six hours. Relax ... it was fifteen years ago. I don't do it now. It's ok.I know what you were feeling. When this boat finally reaches Jakata, I'll be first off. You'll never see me again ... and believe me - that day cannot come soon enough. I've got no problem with you ignoring me for the rest of the voyage. Yeah! Life's looking pretty damn good at the moment. Are you kidding?! That heap of junk will never leave the ground! There's nothing fast enough to catch that. Forget it. It's over. I'm sorry ... Value? ... Value? Do they have him on display at the weekends? Holy God! The mummy walks! You - calling me a thief? Well, that's great, coming from a glorified grave robber! You break into the tomb of some dead Egyptian - the poor guy's happily enjoying the afterlife when suddenly his shit gets stolen by a bunch of light fingered limeys! I just wanna deal with the boss, ok? Yeah. Yeah. Nab- Let's get it over with. Haven't seen her - not since we got back. Not me. Thought I'd head out west ... get into some Redwood country. Denham! Go back to the wall ... Tell'em to give me twelve hours to get back with Ann! What? Forget it, Denham ... for Godssake They were just tasting the berries. ) They are now. That's your monkey, Denham. You better not slow us down, Denham! Listen buddy! Cut the crap! We're looking for Ann, not making a Goddamn movie! An ape ... some kind of ape. Yeah, I saw her ... she was carried into the jungle by ... an animal. Compassion. Coz of something I lost. Yeah.What's compassion, mister. What's that? Why? Are you gonna start it up?Now now, Ann! Try be to polite. All in due course, Ann. Our first responsibility is to get these artifacts safely back to London. Out! Out! All of you! We have been issued with an exclusive permit - These are priceless artifacts! They're ruining the site! Photography teaches you nothing, Ann! Click! One second and you've seen all you're going to see. I want you sitting here with your paper and pencils ... I want to see every chisel mark reproduced with painstaking accuracy. Understand the carving and you will understand the people! That Ann, is the key to archaeology. Now look at this fine example of early Hindu art ... I don't recall any sketches of this passing across my desk ... I think you're trying to run before you can walk, Ann. What have you got there?Man Eater!!! We are a very modest and deeply religious people, Mr Denham. Native costume? The mountains? You are most kind. We will be proud to assist you! We offer ourselves at your service, Mr Denham!