That's me.  Five years old.  I remember that day.  Believe it  or not, I remember that hit.  I remember it because of the smile  that spread over my dad's face... I would've stood there all day to sink one.  Just to see that  smile... To pop, sports were a religion.  To me, it was about purity,  a place where all wrongs could be made right, or at least temporarily  forgotten.  I was going to fill the whole house with trophies  for him.  There was no doubt in my mind, I was going to make  him happy... Last play.  Slant red, right back on two.  On two, Scottie.   It's a lock.  A guaranteed TD.  I've already seen it.  So relax.  and they're shoving cameras in your faces, I don't want to hear  any "Hi moms."  Guys, it's overdone, the fans are tired of it  and if you have to thank some one you can just thank me.  See  you in the end zone. I'd been a quarterback since pee-wee football.  Set high school  records.  Won state championships.  I wasn't driven by joy, it  wasn't winning as much as terror, pure and simple -- fear of  losing. South West Nevada needs a score.  Seven seconds on the clock.  for Lang.  The big question, should he turn pro now or wait until  -- Lang's got the snap-- ... My first thought was I can tape it and play next week.  Then  I puked. What's the rehab time?   The SURGEONS talk between themselves, impressed by the break. When do I play again? One DOCTOR examines his x-rays.  BRANDON grabs his smock. The patient's got a question! Anesthetic haze.  A wavy world is melting far, far away. Football's done, son... Brandon... Brandon, it's me. BRANDON opens his eyes, focuses on his FATHER (older, cheap suit,  beard stubble, clutching a $2 bouquet of flowers). You okay?  I saw what happened on the tv.  Helluva thing that  happening like that. (edge) What are you doing here? I brought some flowers.  From downstairs in the shop. (pressing the nurse's call button)  No, you gotta go -- where's the nurse? I'm thinking of getting into a new program, Brandon. A NURSE comes fast through the door, watches unsure -- Could you get him out, please? It's okay, we're fine, I'm his father. Just get out! BRANDON tries to rise, IV'S coming loose.  The NURSE takes his  DAD'S arm, leads him out to the hall. (pulling away, straightening) He didn't recognize me.  Must be all the drugs and all.  Boy's  been through a lot. It doesn't rain much in the desert.  Maybe it was that, or maybe  the look on my mother's face, or how fast coach left after getting  me up the steps, but I swore then and there -- no matter what,  I'd get back -- I would play again... Doc told me it would take years to heal.  One bad hit and it'd  be over.  But the team needed me and I had to play to get drafted. Every minute of recovery I'd dreamt about this moment.  There  were NFL scouts in the stands.  I knew what happened next. Let's ease back into it with our bread  and butter -- TD first play.  We're going  deep.  Split right.  Deep two on three! (coming up to the line) Red 38!  Red 28!  Set!  Set-- BRANDON drops back.  Blitz.  Brandon about to throw when one  of his own LINEMEN is knocked into him and -- BRANDON'S off balance.  it buckles.  BRANDON falls.  The play whistled dead. ...It was over.  I could've gone out with class, a gritty smile  and a little wave to the crowd from a stretcher, instead I opted  to go psycho on national tv. Welcome to the jungle!  Hey clones, do you believe this idiot?!  fighting championship!  What we have here is too much muscle  and not  enough brain mass -- this is why we need a life-time  ban!  Make an example out of him!  Because the sport deserves  better than this!  Talk to me! It made all the highlight films.  People wrote editorials.  Overnight  I became the poster boy for the "Dark Side of Sports." He represented the nearest guy I could grab. Football wasn't a sport, it was my life.  Maybe I couldn't play  anymore but I couldn't leave.  So I went with it, --You've reached the Jessica Simpson hot line!  Jessica's going  to tell you all about Nick's surprise birthday party and her  rockin' new panty line at Wal-Mart, but first, here's a little  fan trivia to win a VIP Gold Package back stage pass to Jessica's  Omnicon Hotels Summer Tour-- Got a job for you, Lang. I'm in the middle of taping. Bauer's sick, can't update his betting line.  You know anything  'bout sports? ... Yeah, a little. 900 numbers, audio text, the racket had a lot of names. This guy's gig was sports handicapping.  Predicting winners for  people who bet.  I was supposed to just record his picks. My picks went 9-and-1 that weekend.  By football season, the  job was mine... --Kansas City is 7-1 against the point spread versus division  opponents coming off a Monday night game.  Take K.C. minus the  six points.  Call tomorrow for my pro football game of the year  -- Tampa Bay versus Oakland.  That's 900-656-3100.  This is Brandon  Lang saying good night and good luck everybody. I went 9-2 in pro football Sunday and hit my third straight Monday  night parlay. That's what you get paid for. I want a raise to 12 bucks an hour. I don't make 12 an hour. You're not picking 75 percent. If you're so good then bet your own games, get rich and send  me a postcard Hey Stu, where's the action this weekend? Crazy. Supervisor/stu You think? That game's gonna be won by coaching, Stu.  Gruden put that Tampa  Bay team together before he came to Oakland, right?  He knows  every weakness of that team and every strength.  He knows Brown  only likes to catch over his left shoulder and he'll have him  double-teamed to the right.  He knows Gannon always throws on  a 3-step drop and the linebackers will take away the middle of  the field.  Gannon'll be intercepted at least 4 times on Sunday. Thanks, B. I scrounged some old headers, B!  Check it out! DENNY turns the key.  The car rumbles to life.  He revs the bored-out  engine, flashes a shit eating grin. ... Awesome dude.  That's a righteous ride, Denny. Wanna bet? At least they kicked me a cap. Hello. Brandon! Yeah? Congratulations!  You went 9-2 last Sunday!  20-4 college!  Picking  77 percent winners since opening weekend!  I've been following  you!  I'm a big fan, Brandon!  A big fan. How'd you get this number?  If you want picks, call my 900 line. What I want, Brandon, is for you to come to New York and work  for me. Who is this? This is Walter Abrams.  I don't know if you know me but I run  the biggest sports service in the country.  Hell, I started the  industry.  Ask around.  Ask anyone, Do me a favor and lose my number, I gotta go to work. BRANDON hangs up and -- Hello. It's me again. This is a joke, right? A joke can be the ultimate intellectual pursuit sometimes.  This?  with your name on it. That's travel cash and an airline ticket.  It's not a magic trick,  Brandon.  I paid someone to put it there, who incidentally Run the numbers, do the math.  Hold on a sec-- Muzak.  BRANDON juggles the phone, searching, finds a pay stub.  flips it.  The coin bounces, spins, falls and-- I'm gonna pay.  I'll pay you-- --Pay me?  Pay Walter.  His car.  I'm Milton, I drive for him. I thought it was a service. (moving to the jump seat, seeing MILTON is driving very fast) Oh yeah, going on two weeks. (off BRANDON'S look) I was bike messenger.  Walter's driver hit me with his car.   I lie on ground, make it look worse than is, big car, you Bring him in! I'll hire the trainers too... Well run it by them, you won't  know until you try... So, they can stay the night.  I'll put  'em up at the Plaza, nice suite, park view... Okay double it...  Triple it... Everything's about money.  Look, on Sunday, my daughter,  an angel, turns six, it's not likely to happen again.  She Whoa, look at you.  The Marlboro man. (feeling his bicep) Jesus you're in great shape. I've been in better. (assessing BRANDON as he speaks--) Modesty's not a virtue, it's a vice, as evil as vanity.  There  are rules to No. If you can sell you'll never starve.  Ever speak in public?   Perform?  Anything like that? I played quarterback in college.  Division one. I know, I'm talking about not in uniform. I used to sing at church. Oh really?  So you're religious? I don't know.  I guess. Certain things, you either are or you aren't.  Which is it? When I was a kid I thought I wanted to be a pastor... obviously  not now.  I mean, yeah, I believe in God. Relax.  What do I care?  Besides, it's against the law to hire  based on religious orientation.  You're not a republican are  you?  Just kidding. That was six years ago. C'mon, you won three conference titles at a major university.  but mostly by keeping my eyes open and asking a lot of stupid  fucking questions.  I swear to God I'm looking at myself 30 years  ago.  A taller, more athletic version maybe, but the resemblance  is remarkable. I'm not supposed to smoke any more, among other things.  It's  bad for my condition.  So before I die, did you do anything other  than the sports phone in Vegas? Just the 900 number recordings, it was full time, I mean we got  10 bucks a call. Chump change, Brandon.  We're angling for bigger fish here.   You see, the networks don't talk about it and Uncle Sam can't  tax it, but sports gambling is a 200-billion-dollar-a-year-business.  a losing weekend, a lot of them have big needs. That's every pro game played last Sunday. Do you know why Monday Night's the most watched game of the week?  out of the hole before paying their bookies on Tuesday.  Sports  betting's illegal in 49 states, including this one, but what  we do is 100% legal -- it's exactly the same as a stock broker,  only instead of touting stocks, we advise people on how to bet.  client wins with our advice we take a percentage, which they  gladly give to keep getting our picks.  When they lose we get  zip.  So the object here, my tall, athletic, religious friend  -- is to win. Hello -- this is Walter Abrams and welcome to The Sports Advisors  and week three in professional football.  After a nice five day  vacation on my yacht I can't be any more ready than I am right  now.  Studying the mismatches this weekend I can only conclude  they're giving my handicappers a license to steal.  I want you  to take out a blank (freeze frames himself, to BRANDON) My cable show.  Tapes Thursday, airs Saturday and Sunday morning. How'd you afford that yacht if the picks are free? There is no yacht.  Good, keep asking question.  Next. You didn't answer about the free picks. I know.  What else? What's on the second floor? That's where we print the money.  Any more? No, that clears up pretty much everything. Great.  Welcome aboard.  We got some good stuff to work with. Ever have a manicure? Me?  No.  Why? Because you need one.  Besides, there's  a girl you gotta meet. Really?  What's she like? Beautiful, you'll like her-- (answering the phone) --This Barnum or Bailey? I see a beautiful woman.  What are you --all of 35?  I have a  girlfriend, she was stunning, went in to "tighten it up a bit"  and came out with a permanent smile.  Even when she cries she  looks like she's laughing.  Another, she's on her third eye lift.  butt she'd look like a baby bird. Oh yeah, first it's a tune-up, then it's something else, and  one day you'll come teetering in with your new 36Cs and a stretched  face and you won't be able to say how unhappy you are because  of all the collagen they shot in your lips. Oh yeah, that's true.  Those were the good days.  Sometimes I  like to just curl up on the ledge with my box of retouched photos  and reminisce about rehab. I guess.  Must be the coffee talking.   (handing her a fashion magazine) Here, read a fashion magazine.  Feel more insecure about yourself. ... Brandon? Hi. I'm Toni.  Walter said you'd stop by. Nice to meet you. (immediately, re: the pedicure) This was his idea. I know. He makes all his employees do this? Every one. How often? Once.  Before they start work. Weird. You think? I've never had my nails done before. I can see that. (putting his hands in water) Strong hands.  Nice.  Do you drink? No thanks.  I'm fine. No, do you drink? Excuse me? Alcohol.  Are you a drinker? I've been pretty focused on staying in shape.  I mean a beer  once in a while. Smoke? No. Toni What about gambling? What about it? Look, I'm sorry, I'm pressed for time. (stopping work, regarding him) I asked do you bet.  Are you a bettor? No. Really?  Why not? BRANDON meets her gaze.  Gears turning.  She's hitting on him. Toni, huh?  Are you here full-time? It's my shop, I better be.  Why don't you gamble? Well I'll tell you, Toni.  I bet on something once.  Risked everything  I had and lost. So? I swore I'd never do it again. Toni You're sticking to that story? Brandon  Hey, we just met.  I sure wouldn't want to start our relationship  off by lying. Well Walter could definitely use someone with a little resolve  in his life. (leaning in) Ya know, Toni, this is my first time in town.  I'm not used to  how fast things run around here.  I'm wondering if you'd  like  to have dinner tonight?  Let's get ... He didn't tell you. What? Brandon, Walter and I are married. What?  Walter just said I was meeting a woman.  He acted like... Walter's got a weird sense of humor. Look, he has a big, bright, beautiful spirit, you'll love working  for him, but he's held together by meetings.  If it has "anonymous"  at the end, Walter goes.  He has to.  He also has to be very  careful who he let's into his life.  In  most ways, Walter's  brilliant -- but he can be bullshitted and I can't.  So he sends  'em over to me before he hires 'em. You're kidding me?  Coming here... the manicure... this was an  interview? You're swift. How'd I do? Except for an illegal forward pass,  perfect, flying colors.  Congratulations.  I'm late for my next  appointment. I'm starting you on the 900 numbers, same gig you did in Vegas.  Monday through Friday and five times a day on weekends.  Each  call's worth 25 bucks a shot.  Right now we get a few dozen hits  a week.  We should be doing triple that.  I'm sending down some  test copy.  Before you record it, a little advice. Your pitch sucks, it doesn't exist.  The pieces are there, we  just gotta bust you out. From now on you have a new name -- John Anthony, "The Million  Dollar Man." Hold on.  What's wrong with Brandon Lang? Brandon Lang is still at home with his mother.  You're selling  a lifestyle here, and John's livin' large.  John's got a direct  line to God and for a measly 25 bucks a call you're gonna let  the world's losers listen in. Hello sports fans!  This is John Anthony in the Big Apple with  my big money picks!  The action starts Saturday with college  ball and our first matchup, Michigan against Indiana-- Wrong! What's your sales pitch? What's my sales pitch?  77 percent's my sales pitch. Stats aren't enough!  These are gamblers you're talking to, people ready to risk what they can't afford  for what they can't have!  You're selling the world's rarest  commodity. Certainty in an uncertain world! John Anthony here, ready to make all your betting dreams come  true!  Call now and let me win for you!  The point spread in  the Indiana/Michigan game's up to four, making that game a gimme-- What is that shit?  You spent 6 years bouncing from one dead-end  job to another.  Riding to work on a frigging bicycle.  Were  you making some kind of statement?  What the hell were you afraid  of? I wasn't afraid of anything.  I was working my ass off, trying  to get back in the game. You are back in the game!  Convince me you belong here! This is John Anthony here, and from Wall Street to Tokyo to Hollywood,  all your big money stays and plays with me!  Winning consistently's  the name of this game and I always remain the same, winners on  a consistent basis, 77 percent winners!  So sit back and relax  because Game one of my three-team parlay is  Michigan hosting Indiana;  the big boys at Michigan are just 2-7 against the spread as a  double-digit home favorite and with arch rival Wisconsin on deck  next week, Indiana will catch them looking ahead!  Take Indiana  plus the 16 points!  It's a lock! You want more?  John Anthony's the man with a plan to make you  money!  Game two goes to Florida and North Carolina!  I don't  care how many points you gotta lay with Florida, lay it!  They'll  win by 50! C'mon!  First too little, then too much -- It's a start. Tell me what you want. No.  What do you want, Brandon?  That's what this is about! Walter?  Are you okay? ... Huh?... It's nothing.  (popping a pill from the vial, beat, taking another) ... Small one. Should I call someone? Not unless they got a spare heart.  I'm okay. WALTER finds a cigarette.  Lights it.  Savors the first drag. What are you doing? Courage wants to laugh. He's a machine, all he does is work out and pick winners.  Talk  about fit.  Go  take a peek, see him with his shirt off.  I did. Enjoy your daughter's party. Check him out, you know you want to. Get out of your head, Walter.  It's a bad neighborhood. TONI kisses him, walks with WALTER through the party and -- I'll have the bruketta and the -- this, with the pasta. (takes the menus, departs) Very good, and may I say, sir, an excellent choice. It's bruchetta.  Like little pizzas without the cheese. Bruchetta. Don't worry about it.  Anyone goes 20 for 24 in college football,  12 for 14 pro can call it whatever he wants.  Ever drink a thousand  dollar bottle of wine?  Steward! It's a waste, Walter.  He hardly drinks. It's a celebration.  Just because he's out with a couple of reformed  drunks doesn't mean he can't enjoy himself. I was a lot of things, Walter, but I was never a drunk. Actually, truth be told, I've never had a 12 dollar bottle of  water either. He thinks we're fighting. No.  I just, this place is great. --Watch out, Walter, he's a fixer. 175 calls on the 900 number. Did you call home?  Let 'em know how you did?  How you're doing? I will tomorrow.  My mom works nights at the casino, she'll sleep  till three. Are you close with your parents? He's very close.  They sound terrific. Is your name Brandon? Oh, they're great.  We talk all the time. What're they like? Mom's terrific.  Amazing lady.  I got a little brother, Denny,  going to college next year.  Complete motor head.  Dad's a...  well he's a sports nut.  He was, I mean, it all came from that. Kid grew up with the frigging Cleavers... I should've ordered two. What'd the doctor say, Walter? Oh yeah, I've been meaning to tell you.  I had a check-up yesterday. You didn't touch the sauce. Neither should you, Walter. I read chocolate's good for you. I'm not raising a kid alone. Don't get dramatic, Toni.  In biblical times you'd just move  in with my brother Morty. --Wow.  What a meal.  Do you feel good, Brandon?  Content? Very. Yeah, I can tell.  Don't be.  Ever.  One week's over, another  begins.  The past is merely a prologue.  In this job you have  to push the envelope every day. Look at that.  Beauty and the beasts.  What do you think of her,  Brandon? She's cute. Cute doesn't half cover it.  The girl's gorgeous.  And bored  out of her mind.  Waiting for some young buck to save her from  those two gorillas.  Check it out.  She's eyeing you again, Brandon. So are the two guys she's with. I'll bet you 10-to-1 on a 1000 you can't pick her up, cash, if  you leave with her. Who's gambling?  It's a challenge.  If Brandon leaves with her  I give him ten thousand dollars, that's probably more than he  made last year.  If not, he gives me a grand, which I'll give  to you. I don't bet, Walter. (glancing over, look from the GIRL) ... But I do love a challenge. All right.  Before you bust a move, just one thing... (talks across the table, addressing the MODEL and the two MEN) What the hell was that? I'll send over a bottle of champagne.   Toni You'll pick up their check. The voice of reason.  She's right.  I owe 'em a meal.  Hey --  here we go, Brandon, your girlfriend's going to the bathroom. Well get moving, slick. Brandon  After that introduction? Hey, I just raised the bar.  C'mon, kid.  John Anthony could  close her. I'd prefer Brandon... BRANDON smiles.  He walks through the restaurant, up the stairs  as the WOMEN'S ROOM door opens and the GIRL emerges before him. You're beautiful. I just want to get to know you. I want to get into your mind, your heart, your soul.  I don't  see you wearing any pants in this equation. I'm Brandon.  What's your name? GIRl Alex. Alexandria.  Beautiful name for a beautiful girl. BRANDON leans in close, talking too low now for us to hear.   Selling hard.  ALEXANDRIA laughs at something he says and -- Everything you've ever done's been leading up to this moment. We use the 800 number and free tips to bait the hook.  Then the  bettors are This is the day's phone sheet, it's a list of everyone who's  called.  Only way to keep track of the action.  All leads equal  money. Trust me, we're going to turn all this around... I'm aware last  weekend was difficult... Well of course I do, that's a substantial  sum-- Fuck him if he can't take a joke. You're telling me that all this is legal? It better be.  Five of these guys are off-duty cops.  We're just  advising people how to bet, not making the bets for 'em. --It says here your minimum bet's five grand, so let's be honest  now, can you Brandon Lang, meet Reggie. You're the QB that went off on the refs. (BRANDON shamefully nods) --Yeah, but you covered!  Shit, as much money as the refs cost  us every year, that was pure.  Totally crystal.  Hell, I like  you already.  Even if you did get the best office. (re: an item on the sports ticker) Barker's not playing this weekend? Hamstring. No, he's in the middle of renegotiating.  It's a tantrum, he'll  play Sunday. (typing on a computer as he speaks) --I know it's a new stadium, I'm asking if they used Astroturf  or Astroplay?... Astroplay, it has a rubber silica base, like  ground up tires... Look, I don't have time to explain abrasion  indexes and resistance scales to you, trust me, it makes a big  fucking difference... I had three guys who picked games.  I fired one last weekend.  your picks are going straight to our biggest customers.  How  do you like it? What's not to like? JERRY SYKES appears at the door.  Fast glance at BRANDON, attention  to WALTER -- The Miami/New York point spread shifted a half tick up to 10. What do you think? Miami's still a lock.  The win/loss ratios and RPI ratings are  off the charts.  I'm keeping it on my sheet. Jerry's our top handicapper, came to me straight out of grad  school.  Jerry, meet the new kid in town. Whoa, phone guy makes good.  Big jump from the 900 numbers.   Watch out you don't get a nose bleed.  Just kidding, best of  luck, I gotta get back to work. Pleasure meeting you.  By the way, Jerry, New York's gonna win  straight up.  They always play the fish tight.  Tonight it's  foregone, they win outright. Really?  Listen up, stick to college, sonny.  You have to work  up to pro ball around here.  Nice try though. (watching JERRY walk away) I got three guys who can handicap and 20 who can sell but I never  had one who could do both, not really, not until now. You mean me? Not you.  John Anthony. John Anthony doesn't exist. That's a shock 'cause I'm standing in his office and you're sitting  in his chair! Look, making predictions is one thing -- but pushing people to  bet, it's not me. Pushing people?  Get real, this country was built on gambling.  hawking the lottery.  If people want to pay for advice on who  to bet, who are we to say no?  Stop being selfish, spread the  word!  Check your bible, Brandon, tis better to give than receive. You got a whole room full of salesmen. Big bettors don't want to talk to a middle man, they want to  speak to the guy making the picks -- and you're picking 80 percent  winners. What's the matter?  Gonna lose your purity?  C'mon, what do you  think selling is?  We're just talking a few well-timed phrases.  your money, I want your bookie's fucking money?" I don't want your money -- --Jesus, don't start that shit again.  Sell me. I don't want your money, I want your bookie's money! What happened to the fuck? Nothing, I just don't talk like that. I can't have someone working for me who can't say fuck. It's not that I can't.  Why do I have to? Because there's no other fucking word that can convey the precise  feeling and fucking flavor of life's various predicaments and  certain concepts the way a well-placed fuck can.  Fuck is your  friend.  Fuck can be your best friend. I'm happy for you and your friend, Walter, but I'm not using  it. Chaucer used it 600 years ago.  It was good enough for him.   C'mon-- C'mon, repeat after me -- fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck.  Fuck he,  fuck she, fuck me, fuck them, fuck me -- try it. It's not me.  Let it go. Backbone.  Almost as good.  We'll keep working on the other thing...  So, you really like New York in tonight's game? Where are we going? Continue your education. We're here for the gambler's anonymous meeting... ...I mean you'd think with two mortgages out, repo guys staking  out my car, my job on the line and my wife threatening to leave,  you'd think I'd have the goddamn brains to stop, instead of staying  in the chase, doubling down, which of course is what I did...  I know I'm sick because I keep thinking if I just pulled that  game out then I got a lock on the parlay and I'm flush going  into Monday night and-- ... It's a disease, Leon. Admitting you have a problem is the first step. My name's Walter.  I'm new to the group. (various "hellos") Hi.  I've been going to meetings like this for 18 years.  Once  a week, every Friday night, for 18 years.  This, my friends,  is my 936th consecutive meeting. It's not? Not even close.  You're a lemon.  Like a bad car, there's something  inherently defective in you.  And you.  And me!  All of us here  -- we're lemons!  Big, juicy, acidic, ice-tea flavoring lemons!  most people make a bet they want to win, while we, the degenerate  gamblers of the world, we're subconsciously playing to lose.  us different is we go all the way and hurl ourselves off into  the void!  And we like doing it so much we do it time after time  after time!  Me?  I always felt most alive when they were raking  away the chips, and every one here knows what I'm talking about.  before we give it all back.  But when we lose, and I mean the  kind of loss that makes your asshole pucker to the size of a  decimal point, there's a moment when you're standing there and  you've just recreated the worst possible nightmare this side  of malignant cancer for the 20th goddamn time and you suddenly  realize -- hey, I'm still here, I'm still breathing, I'm still  alive!  In order to really live you have to be aware of your  own mortality -- and a losing bet of a certain size is one of  the best ways I know of getting that feeling.  When you win, you defy death,  but when you lose, Hey!  You're the guy I see on tv every weekend selling betting  picks! ... Yeah.  So? This guy peddles a tout service on tv. Check the charter, buddy, we all left our jobs at the door.   You gonna toss an ex-alcoholic bartender out of an AA meeting? (to BRANDON) Hey, didn't you come with this jerk? ... No, I mean, we walked in together -- (handing out business cards) -- My card -- we're topping 80 percent this season -- put it  in your wallet, in case you fall off the wagon -- What the fuck was that?! ... What'd you just say? You heard me!  I said what was that? No, you said "What the fuck?"  That's what you said. So? That was great!  It was all worth it! Don't you see?  I felt  your anger because of that one word!  Well done!  I'm proud of  you!  The progress you're making Brandon, I gotta say, it's exhilerating! Hey, I stopped by to say hi, I'm Brandon. (averting his gaze, walking past) Congratulations. I'm picking now with you and Jerry. (ducking back into his office) Whatever.   The MAN shuts the door, leaves BRANDON looking at the KEEP OUT  sign.  SOUTHIE stops for a coffee, has seen the exchange. (picking up) Amir, my man, John Anthony here! Yes, hello. Today's your day, Amir!  It's a Pamplona thing, I'm running wild  in the streets this weekend!  Starting with the hottest Saturday  of my life!  How much can you lay with your bookie?  20 large? --Amir, this is my lock of a lifetime!  Texas plus the six points! (looks up, sees WALTER watching) Oklahoma huh?  Okay... well considering that, I like Texas even  more now. --Amir, buddy, I'm talking about banging out the biggest win  of your life. Hold on, I got Vegas on the line. (pressing HOLD) There's only one thing you have to know about any of our clients  -- they're all in the hole.  The second they pick up the phone,  wham!  Right to the point!  You're above them!  Let 'em feel  it!  More confidence!  More John Anthony! Favorite drink?  I dunno, Pina Colada. Tomorrow we gotta get you a new drink.  But for now, this is  what you're gonna do.  First, you're going to bet 20 large on  Texas, then you're going to put on a ... What about payment? Good question.  What about it? Amir  Well how much is this going to cost me? We take a percentage if WE win, Amir -- not exactly your problem  of late, is it? It's simple, you don't get any more picks.  Comprende?  So make  the bet, make the drink and let's roll this into To hell with power ratings -- McNab lost his dog yesterday!   Hunting accident.  Everyone knows you don't mess with a man who  just lost his dog!  Take Atlanta plus the points and send me  ten thou Western Union by tomorrow, Stan -- let's ride this wave  into Sunday! The fuck do you care how he does it?  And where the hell's our  30 grand for hitting that 3-team college parlay last night? (sipping a cup of tea) Do this, call your off-shore sports book right now and put the  whole 100,000 on Green Bay-Dallas-Cleveland, it's called a three-team  parlay and pays 6-1.  I do appreciate the 40,000 you sent us  today, but let me assure you we've only just begun to make serious  money. SAME SHOT.  LATER.  Sunday sports start winding down and -- SAME SHOT.  LATER.  All the screens are dark save one, where  the last game of the day finally ends in overtime and -- 10-2 in pro football?  85 percent for the weekend?  Jesus, you're  a mutant. Monday's no good because I take Julia to ballet.  Tuesday I work  late at the salon.  Wednesday's a maybe if I can move a couple  clients to after six but I'll have to check.  I really want to  come in with him.  Listen, I have to call you back tomorrow. What's all the commotion? The doctor, thank God, put Walter,on an exercise program.  I  want to be there the first time he goes.  Make sure the trainer  understands Walter's aversion to consistency. Aversion to consistency? He's always been that way. Well that's consistent. CLOSE ON -- WALTER watches from the living room -- sees TONI  and BRANDON laughing, enjoying each other and -- Life is fucking... good. (burp, regarding BRANDON) Let's talk about making it better. Duck, Brandon, here it comes. I've been tracking you since last year. Don't let him steamroll you. --Can I get the damn thing out?  I want to put John Anthony on  tv this week. That's me.  You mean me. That's right.  You, John Anthony.  You're one in the same. Go on -- get to the good part, Walter. Hold on.  Before I say another word, understand -- you do this  thing, Brandon, and from here out you gotta eat, sleep, shit,  breathe, walk, talk and fart John Think it over, Brandon, don't decide now. It sounds like a promotion. Bet your ass it is.  Five-star. --I'm in. Well that's a thoughtful response.  Here I was, worried you'd  rush your decision. It's the only move.  For six years I've been living on Ramen  noodles.  For the Living, not acting.  You understand that as of right now Brandon  Lang with his fettucini knee and his self-fucking pity is as  flat dead as Donald Trump's hair and John "I-can-walk-on-fucking-water"  Anthony has taken his place? Listen to what he's asking you, Brandon. She's right.  There's no going back.  I mean that.  This is gonna  cost me.  I'm talking about building an empire around you.  Do  you understand that? ... Should I wait a little to create some tension?  Of course  I understand, I'm John Fucking Anthony.  I've got the crystal  ball... I need a new car for my friend. (to BRANDON) Do you have any credit? No. Walter, do you trust him? With my wife naked. (calling to BRANDON) In that case, which one do you want? BRANDON comes over, runs his hand over a sleek, silver SL500. I think he likes that one. (handing him a card) I don't lose. BRANDON heads into the bar, meets WALTER and a group of HEAVY  HITTERS outside.  John ANTHONY instantly comes alive and -- You okay? I'm scared shitless. Don't worry about your lines, it's all scripted.  You've been  here before, kid, just think of it like a football game. This is different. How? There's no opponent. Perfect, then you're a lock to win. 30 seconds.  Walter, we're not getting your audio. (fumbling with a clipped on mike) Something's wrong here. (leaning over, plugging in a wire) Your lead's loose, I got it.  I'm talking to the tech guys about  going wireless. John Anthony, huh?  All I see's another wannabee in a 1000-dollar  suit.  Word to Five, four, three, two, one-- (NOTE: WALTER and the PANEL follow text from a teleprompter.) Welcome to this week's edition of The Sports Advisors!  America's  premier sports information program with myself, Walter Abrams,  Jerry Sykes, Chuck Adler  and a truly gifted newcomer to the  Sports Advisor panel, a substantial find -- John Anthony!  We're  entering week six in pro football!  This is when the cream rises  to the top!  This is when things get hot!  It's oven mitt time!  the Wizard of Odds -- Jerry "The Source" Sykes!  Jerry, what's  the Sykes System predicting for this weekend? Walter, my patented computer models tell me we're looking at  nothing less than the perfect storm of betting opportunities.  as an outright winner over Indianapolis -- making it my 8th straight  top selection winner right here on this tv show!  This Sunday  I have 5 match-ups I absolutely love, including Miami at New  York!  Stats, rankings, records, weather, the Sykes System uses  42 proven indexs to eliminate the guesswork from sports wagering.  chance of seeing God knocking on your door with five strippers  and a bag of Bolivian cocaine than winning on your own!  Call  me for my five games!  Absolutely free -- 800-238-6648! Our experts know how to read between the lines, we know how to  analyze a point spread, we're not pulling rabbits out of (coming suddenly, wildly alive) Hell yes -- with a side order of fried bookmaker!!!  I'm the  grim reaper of bookmakers!  I've put more bookies out of business  than the I.R.S.!  How many gamblers did I bail out last weekend  with my game of the year!  Denver, a 10- A $500 bettor made $50,000!  I've got six games on Sunday I'm  releasing absolutely free!  These games are a burial!  A blow-out!  children on these six games -- ABSOLUTELY FREE!!! (finger in his ear) Holy Christ, I forgot my earplugs.  Take a break before you blow  a gasket, we'll get back to you after my hearing returns.  Saturday  comes before Sunday and looking at this Saturday's college match-ups  is the last but certainly not least member of The Sports Advisors  -- John Anthony! (reading off the teleprompter) --John Anthony here, the Million Dollar Man with the billion  dollar plan!  From Wall Street to Tokyo to Hollywood, all your  big money stays and plays with me! ... It bites you on the ass? Not in my case.  You tell us, Jerry. It sets you free? That's right, but with me it makes you M-O-N-EE!  I'm picking  80 percent, is that know the game!  I'm your friend on the field!  Your insider on  the outside!  You can't do what I do if you haven't been there!  right once in a while -- but these match- ups won't be called  consistently by anything other than experience!  Forget trends!  their opinions out the window!  It's time to change I-would-if-I-could  to I-can-and-I-am!  You wanna know who I like -- call that little  number at the bottom of your screen! I'm not here.  Go back to sleep. It's four in the morning. (continues to his dresser, manic) What a show!  You should have seen him!  I'm sitting there watching  him roll and I swear he made me want to grab a phone and call!  for the What are you doing? Going for a run.  See the sunrise.  We're doubling volume this  week.  And doubling it again after that.  He can pick, he can  sell, he's gonna change things around here.  He's the real deal.  him comes along once in a -- a -- -- 100 years. Yeah, a lifetime. Walter, come to bed. Not tired. You're exhausted. I'm just gonna run the bridge, up Fifth, circle Central Park,  be back in no time. Get in bed.  Lie down next to me.  Come on.  Come here, Walter. Just a quick once-around. Roll on your stomach for a minute. Just for a sec.  I've gotta meet the trainer tomorrow.  Told  me to run.  Run in place, or from one place to another... --I know.  Of course you do.  This is no time to sleep, Walter...  Can't sleep now... Just because you're so tired... Completely,  totally, utterly exhausted... I'll be here when you get back  from your run... Right beside you... You go on now, baby, I'll stay right  here... It's okay... Close your eyes... Just for a second before  you leave... I'm not going anywhere... I'll just hold you-- He keeps picking 90 percent I'll press the fuckers for him. What a weekened!  Helluva Christmas bonus if this keeps up.   Where'd you hide the phone sheet? (to TAMMY, pointing on the sheet) Who's this?  This guy here -- Lang? Did Brandon take the call? Tammy He wasn't in. Don't mention it to him.  And don't patch the guy through.  Say  Brandon doesn't work here, you can't reach him. You know anything about Stokley being out this weekend against  the New York? A knock would be nice, Jerry. I'm underwater here, man.  Yes or no? No. You know something... You hear anything, let me know.  That's  how this works. I'll rush right over.  Stat. All inside information gets shared. Inside?  I've got nothing inside. F.Y.I. -- we work as a team here, that's the way we do it.  I'll  do the same for you.  So stop holding out on me, babe. This wouldn't have anything to do with  you going 30 percent this weekend, would it? Listen you little shit, I've been doing this six years to your  one. (entering, to JERRY--) What are you doing in here?  Hit the phones and do some damage  control -- re-write your frigging computer program. Hey, it was a fucked weekend. For some people.    (to BRANDON) There's a 50-dime bettor on line three.  Wants to talk to John  Anthony. Who? His name's Carl.  Carl owns a couple dozen McDonalds franchises.  his bank account. No no no no no.  What'd you mean?  I landed that lead!  That's  my guy! Was. He's raiding my fucking lists! Your clients are jumping ship you lactose intolerant fuck!  Get  outta my sight! Carl, John Anthony here, how's the fast-food king...?  Good-- Okay, let me just put the groceries away. So do I.  Go put your dress on. JULIA runs off to her room when TONI suddenly spies a tacky,  woman's jacket draped on a chair.  TONI regards it and -- Easy 200, huh?  Here's something extra for a cab. (seeing TONI) I can explain. The CALL GIRL slides by, shows herself out.  TONI staring. No, no, you think she was for me?  Are you crazy?  No.  I just  had her come up to pay her.  I got her for John. I don't give a damn who you got her for!  We have a 6-year-old  in the house, Walter!  What the hell is going on here? You think I slept with her?  C'mon! Who the hell's John? Brandon, we all call him John now. You got Brandon a hooker? New city, no friends, working all hours. What the hell are you creating here, Walter? I don't understand this.  I was helping him out, that's all. Helping him?  Really?  Like the others before him? This kid's different, he's different -- wait a minute.  This  has nothing to do with you, you know I do business up here.   Why are you so angry? Are we actually going to have this conversation?  Are you completely  clueless? You're jealous.  Look at you! Of what?! Gee, I don't know -- Brandon screwing someone? You really are fucking crazy, Walter!  That never entered my  mind! That's not where those thoughts enter. Fuck you! TONI goes into the kitchen, slams the door.  Calling to her -- You'll be happy to know he didn't sleep with her.  I paid her  off just for coming.  No pun intended. ... Julia my jewel, you're getting big angel. Course we can.  Who am I gonna be? Let's get really wild and you can blow mine. The GIRL laughs.  BRANDON crosses the stage, takes his place  on the set between WALTER and JERRY.  CHUCK sits off to the side,  eating a muffin.  WALTER looks voer at BRANDON -- Look at you.  I like the tan. Toni put one of those lamps down in my room.  The ladies do love  it. 60 seconds! John's up first tonight, Jerry. What? John Anthony's leading off tonight. John Anthony's leading? Somebody tell the engineer there's an echo in here. Two years I lead and you bury me in the deck over a few lousy  fucking weekends?  The Sykes System's based on percentages --  the long haul. No, that's called a mutual fund, Jerry. (to CHUCK) You gonna sit for this shit?  CHUCK shrugs, finishes his muffin.  JERRY turns to WALTER -- ... He leads, I'm walking. He's leading. JERRY unclips his microphone, stands. That's baby talk!  You need a fucking rattle!  Sit down! (staring him down) You probably think you know what I'm gonna say... how everything  you got I pay for.  Your apartment, your car, your kid's school  -- and it's true.  You'd be right.  I do.  Now I don't know,  Jerry, maybe you break your losing streak, end the shneid, start  winning again and find yourself another job, but then of course  maybe you don't.  I don't see you taking that chance.  My gut  says you'll walk out of here on principle or even pride but not  on a gamble, a hunch yet.  And if you do, fuck it.  I give a  shit?  The only reason I keep you around is it makes me look  loyal and him-- See that?  He made the safe play.  Me, I would've walked, but  I'm a fucked-up human being.  That's the difference between us.  not a gambler, not really -- until you bet more than you can  afford to lose. Five, four, three, two, one -- Welcome to week 7 of pro football! Denny, it's me... What'd I tell ya?...  Hey, it's your money,  dude, you won it...  Well did you hook it up yet?... Hell yeah,  crank it, let me hear-- It's the bomb, B! Sure sounds like it!  I'm heading out with some people, everything  else cool? Everything's great.  Did dad reach you? Dad?  No, why? He keeps calling.  He saw you on tv, wants to talk to you.  I  gave him your work number but he says they won't put him through. Really? BRANDON'S eye catches WALTER across the set, watching a playback  of the show.  TONI enters the studio, kisses WALTER hello and I'm starved, there's a new steak house around the corner.  You  two split a prime rib, I'll get the porterhouse, we'll whack  it up! Let's walk, you could use the exercise. Stop worrying.  We're set-- (arm around BRANDON) --I got the next Jimmy the Greek here!  I'm serious!  Nostra-fucking-damus  was a novelty act next to this guy! Let me ask you something, Walter. Shoot. Have you been blocking any of my calls? Of course.  You don't need distractions, there's a lot of crazies  out there. Does that include my father? You're asking, I'll tell you... Yeah. (striding outside) Son of a bitch -- for how long? (following) Week or so. Walter. Hold on, Brandon, if I didn't block his calls would you've talked  to him?  Honestly. That's not the point! Then what exactly is the point, Brandon? What's the full story  here?  What's the deal with your old man? You tell it, you seem to know. --I only know pieces.  I was trying to spare you from something. (stopping under a street light) Spare me?  By blocking my calls?  There's nothing you can spare  me from.  He's a drunk.  Left when I was 9.  I couldn't t compete  with a bottle.  End of story. ... That's it?  That's the best you can do?  Hell, Toni and I'll  match our dysfunctional childhoods against yours I didn't have a great home-life either. "Great?"  Tell him about the uncle-- --He gets the idea. Don't sugarcoat this shit, you were abused by everybody but the  family pet, isn't that right, honey? Walter, please. (to BRANDON) Your father was a drunk, a jerk -- so what?  It happens.  I'm  glad I blew him off.  Know why?  Because what you need is a new  image of a man.  How 'bout me? That's a really scary thought. If not me, then pick someone else.  It's all in your head!  The  shit that happened to you, to Toni, to me -- you know what it  is?  Just that, shit that happened. It's not who we are.  After Walter con'd all the therapy and the analysis and the meetings and the --  aaahhhh! -- the one thing I know-- I'm trying to sleep, asshole! Dad!  Is that you? I'll crush you like a beetle! How's Mom?! Fucking freak! I love you too!  Don't wait up! WALTER, TONI and BRANDON all laugh.  The three of them doubled  over on the dark, deserted street.  MAN screaming from above. Are you serious, Amir?  You gonna fucking haggle with me over  a measly 50 thousand on the 250 grand I won you this weekend? Don't get me wrong, John.  I'm thankful, very much, you're amazing,  it's just that 50 thousand seems slightly steep-- --The first time you call me you're in a hole the size of the  Grand Canyon, you're crying about hocking your fiance's ring  and this weekend you're phoning me from a suite at the Bellagio  that I put you in -- you know what -- I'm cutting you off...  You want to continue with me, I'm tagging on a 10 percent aggravation  tax!  Now get to Western Union and shoot me 75 grand by tonight  and we'll kiss and make up. ... Mom? That's me. Never better.  Kicking ass and taking names.  Did you get the  money I sent? Good good good.  I talked to Denny.  Next month I'm flying you  and him out here.  First class.  I'll put you up at The Plaza. I made it.  Earned it.  Every fucking cent.  Put it in Denny's  college fund. It's just how people talk here. (looking down at the TAILOR, edge) How many times I gotta say no cuff? He's me.  I'm him. He's pretty fucking salty -- geez, I'm sorry, Mom -- I mean yeah. I appreciate the concern, Ma, but the checks I've been sending  -- the checks you've been cashing -- those are from John Anthony. We're going to Puerto Rico! Gotta put you on hold, Ma. (pressing a button on the headset) What's in Puerto Rico? Since Ricky Martin moved out, all that's left are tourists, cruise  ships and C.M. Novian -- one of the biggest sports bettors in  the world.  He just called.  Wants to meet you in person!  To-day! (activating the headset) I gotta go, Ma... Ma... Son of a bitch --  my own fucking mother  hung up on me! What do you know about him? Not much, 'cept for the fact he's a world class prick.  Bastard  treated me worse than my Hong Kong tailor.  Never once returned  a call.  I've been trying to bag this guy for years.  Do you  have any idea what this is worth? No, but I want a bonus if we pull it off. Look at me.  There is no if -- it's only when.  This time he  called us, remember?  You hooked him.  Know that.  Sweat that. Relax, I'll get in character in the car.   WALTER suddenly slows, winces.  He angles toward a bathroom. ... Walter? WALTER grabs for a water fountain, misses, suddenly collapses. Your vial -- where's your pills, Walter? WALTER finds the vial, pops it, his chest heaves and the pills  spill on the floor.  WALTER looks wide-eyed up at BRANDON, mouths  "Big one."  BRANDON frantically loosens WALTER'S shirt.  A crowd  gathers.  A BUSINESSMAN pulls a cell phone, dials 911. Hold on, Walter we're getting help!  Oh my God.  Listen to me. Brandon -- Save your strength.  Help's coming.  Help's coming. ... Do you love me? Of course I do. Uh-huh. I do.  I really do love you. ... How much? A lot!  Now don't talk.   (turning to the CROWD) We need a doctor!   Several stunned ONLOOKERS run for help.  WALTER fading fast. I believe you.  I believe you love me.  I love you too... Just  one thing -- Save your strength, Walter. ... Would you love me if this was a joke? What? I'm fine.  Just practicing... WALTER smiles.  Stands.  Brushes himself off.  To the CROWD -- I'm okay!  Little gas.  Must've had too many peanuts on the plane. You sick fucking fuck!  That was too goddamn fucking far!!! You weren't listening!  You're not paying attention to me!  There's  no such thing as too far!  Push everything as far as you can!  more!  Remember that when you're with this guy today! I start to die, fuck the hospital, just sit me down, I wanna  kack here. Mr. Novian!  What can I say?  An honor.  This is my associate,  John Anthony. You should know I think that most sports services are a complete  scam... However, I hear your boy here's having quite a season. (looking around) Our system?  Fuck that, what's your system? Walter laughs.  Novian stone-faced, glances at his watch when-- It's a privilege to meet you, Mr. Novian.   You have a beautiful  home.  Let's start with how much you bet. A million a game, across the board. Nice round number, is that our ceiling here?  Is that the most  we're working with? "We're" not doing anything until I hear how you feel about this  weekend. Do you rent that yacht out there? I own it. Well, sir, that's how I feel about this weekend.  That may sound  cocky, I don't care.  I didn't come down here to lie. Do you have inside information? If I did I wouldn't share that with you.  My record speaks for  itself.  The truth is I know these teams better than they know  themselves.  I'm going 12 for 12 this weekend, and that includes  the Monday Night parlay. Why should I believe you? With all due respect, Mr. Novian, you can't afford not to. I can afford to do any damn thing I please. Can you?  What I'm saying is can you -- can anyone for that matter  -- afford to lose as much as a man like you probably needs to  bet to feel a win?  Winning's a funny thing, Mr. Novian... it's  one of those rare commodities on earth money can't buy.  Or was,  until you called me. The price is a quarter million, Mr. Novian -- up-front -- in  addition to a percentage of every game you win. Fuck you.  I never pay anything up front. And we've never charged it before.  But with what you're betting,  250 up front's a bargain.  You want this weekend's winners, that's  my offer.  Take it or leave it. (standing) ... Step outside. BRANDON and WALTER exchange looks, unsure where this is going. ... Ever pick oranges, Mr. Anthony? Nope. I have, in fact it's how I started. Builds character.  See those girls down there?  Pretend they're  oranges and pick some ripe ones.  Take 'em upstairs and build  some character.  Mr. Abrams and I need to refine the terms. They need it, Mr. Anthony. BRANDON picks up his pen, regards the box for Monday Night --  Seattle or New Orleans?  The point spread is Seattle minus 3.  BRANDON about to pick when he stops, looks up, smiles -- Three questions.  What's your mother's name? Shelia. What street did you grow up on? Atlantic Avenue. Who do you like Monday night? I don't know. Pick one. That's your job. I'll do your job tomorrow, today you do mine. What are you talking about? Pick one.  Stop stalling.  You know who's playing.  Seattle versus  New Orleans. ... I dunno.  I guess I like Seattle giving the two points. (writing on the form) Over or under? You can't do that. Sure I can!  Over 34 points or under! Over! BRANDON checks it off, gives him the finished form. I'm not handing that in.  Like a million dollars is going on  that game! Like a lot more than that.  Relax.  I think we know I can pick. What if I'm wrong? Didn't they tell you?  There is no if. They score, we win! AL MICHAELS/vo from tv --Kuhn's stopped at the 10!  Seattle down by three.  Two seconds  on the clock.  Kuhn suffered a concussion last week and with  that foot injury in the first quarter he has no mobility -- Hanratty  drops back, he's out of the pocket, breaks one tackle, throws  downfield, it's tipped!  Raymond's got it!  Breaks the plane! 100 fucking percent! Champagne corks start popping.  Someone hits the remote and the  wall of screens fill with a jamming MTV video.  The lights dim. He kinda mesmerized me, see, and like Spock or something I visualized  Seattle and the over and he wrote it down!  Said picking me was  the same as him doing it. Who fucking cares?  He's money. JERRY SYKES stands nearby, listening.  Whoops of excitement as  WALTER jumps up on his desk, starts throwing cash.  JERRY moves  through the raucous CROWD, finds BRANDON against a wall, out  of the fray, watching WALTER hurl money in the air. Congratulations, Brandon... Or should I say John?  Either way  it's amazing.  I must say I am impressed.  Letting salesmen make  your picks?  That's balls. (watching WALTER hurl money) Best get in there and collect some of this, Jerry.  The way you're  picking, you're gonna need some for a rainy day. Keep talking, sugarmouth.  Must feel pretty good to be that plugged  in.  You got a good streak going.  Well enjoy it while it lasts. Here, get you teeth fixed.  There might be some other businesses  you can make two mill in one weekend, but tell me, someone please  tell me -- where else are you gonna have this much fun? How much of that big stack's mine? A one with five zeros behind it. ...A 100 fucking thou?  On two million? You're working out of my shop. I was thinking of ten percent. Really?  Is that what you were thinking? I got you Novian. Nice job, now don't blow it by getting ahead of yourself.  I'm  looking beyond the money. You can afford to, you're holding it all.  C'mon, I only want  what's fair, Walter. "Fair?"  Honey, you don't know what fair is.  What's fair is  not giving you the money.  Now I'm only gonna say this once.  sneeze you have to do more than think about it.  Or ask for it.  out of my fucking talons.  John Anthony would know that.  That's  what he'd do.  As a matter of fact, next time you come with that  shit, come as John Anthony.  'Cause from now on I'm not talking  to you about money. The big winner.  How are you doing? I'm winning... I'm winning... BRANDON leaves.  WALTER pulls her close, moves with the music. Dance with me.  Close, that's it.  I gotta dance with you more.  any time we want.  There's a house for sale in the Bahamas with  a runway right beside it.  Comes with its own 50-foot boat.   Two for one.  What an investment.  Anything happens, you and  Jules always have it.  Let's go down and check it out.  Next  week, just us, barefoot in the sand. ... Are you gambling again, Walter? What?  Oh, c'mon -- hell no. Look me in the eye and say it. I am not gambling.  Not now, not ever.  18 years clean.  That  shit's over. It's never over, Walter.  You know that. Get a lie detector if you don't believe me.  Shoot me with truth  serum.  Baby -- we just made two-million dollars.  I'm working  miracles here.  Now can I enjoy a dance with my wife?  Huh?   I swear, it's a shame you can't drink, we need something to kill  that bug up your ass. It's just like sex.  You start by massaging the numbers, very  relaxed, (totally turned on, kissing him) Nice job description. BRANDON presses her below FRAME, naked ASIAN GIRL climbing on  top as the sound of APPLAUSE is heard, building in volume and-- Know what time it is? (glance at his watch) Yeah, it's-- --Wrong.  It's time to press, my friend.  We're yanking out all  the stops.  When you're winning -- you press. What are you doing? I have a 10:30 tee time at Wingfoot with a client, that Howell  guy.  Don't call me unless the lines change. The salmon are running!  You're staying right here and fielding  calls.  You're not going off to play golf and have fun. Fun?  Senor, you have obviously never played Wingfoot. Stop screwing around, you got a lot to do before this weekend. I'm not asking you if I can leave, Walter -- I'm telling you  that's how it is, understood?  You want my picks, hell I'll make  'em now. Whoa -- hold on -- slow down -- today's only Tuesday, you have  all week. I don't need it. Hey -- we're gonna be advising somewhere in the neighborhood  of 20 million dollars this week. Nice neighborhood. You're really gonna make your picks now?  No study?  No analysis? I'm in the zone, Walter.  Locked in.  You want my picks, I might  as well do it now! ... Okay, fine.  Take a break.  Go play golf.  We'll put the  picks on ice and look 'em over tomorrow. (walking out) I won't be in tomorrow. Then the next day! But BRANDON'S gone.  WALTER considers what's just occured, regards  the finished betting form.  He dons his glasses and begin examining  BRANDON'S picks and -- Where're you headed? Some of us have to work. Come on, get in.  I'll give you a lift. ANGLE ON -- upper brownstone window.  WALTER looks down.  Watches  TONI'S legs swing into BRANDON'S sports car and -- Some ride, huh?  Feel that?  Feel that? Slow down, Brandon. Why?  This car was made to go fast. Not with me in it. C'mon, Toni, loosen up.   (goosing the gas, laughing) Let me ask you something.  When you're not at the shop, or running  Julia to play dates or keeping Walter from losing his mind, which  I know is a full-time job, I stay busy. That's not what I asked. Yes it is. What do you do for you, Toni, for yourself. "What do I do for myself?"  If you drove past my salon and went  two blocks down Prospect Street you would have found me 20 years  ago with a needle in my arm.  I was a 5-bag a day junkie.  I  would have sold Julia to get high.  Keeping it all on track,  that's what I do for myself. That's not living, Toni.  That's just maintaining.  You cashed  in. What the hell does that mean?  Are we talking perfection here? Well, nobody's perfect... except me last weekend going 14 and Yeah, that's living. Hell yeah.  You oughta try it some time. (stepping from the car) Thanks for the ride, John... TONI enters her shop and -- -- Big loss for Washington, going down 24-12 in Miami.  Saint  Louis upsets K.C., 34-14.  And another Sunday surprise, Philly  trounces Pittsburgh, 23-10. I'm gonna go work out. Sit down!  You're watching every game!  Every second of every  minute of every game!  Don't even think of leaving! ... How do you go 3 and 11?  Wanna know how -- you make Sunday's  picks on Tuesday!  It rained in Cincinatti!  Two starting QBs  didn't play!  You're a handicapper, not a psychic! There's still Monday night and the parlay. Fuck Monday night!  Fuck the parlay!  You were pissed at me, right?  The commission thing? I don't know. You fucked with me, right?  Joke's on me, right?  The money thing.  you a bump, 10 percent.  Now what about Monday night's game?  down to climb out of the fucking hole you put 'em in. Monday night's fine. You'd bet your mother's house on it? I don't bet. If you did? I like the pick, Walter. On your mother's house or not? With my mother in it. (eyes glued to the game) Uh-huh. Heather This is like such a concidence.  I live right around the corner. (pounding the bar) Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck!!! HEATHER quickly leaves.  Other PATRONS react.  BRANDON in his  own world of pain.  BARTENDER eyeing him now.  BRANDON throws  down the rest of his drink, trying to steady himself.  His beeper  suddenly sounds.  He looks and -- Denny!  Hey -- yeah, I'm in a bar.... Of course in New York,  I own this town.  What's going on -- you okay?... Tonight's game? -- A dozen rapid-fire kick-offs fill the SCREEN -- RECEIVERS  catch passes, OTHERS drop them spectacularly -- RUNNING BACKS  brilliantly juke tackles, score -- QUARTERBACKS are slammed from  behind, stripped of the ball -- kicks miss goal posts by inches  -- PLAYERS are carried off on stretchers -- footballs sail through  RECEIVERS'S hands, their fingers clawing empty air -- scoreboards  blink outcomes, stadium lights flare and -- Helluva swing.  Great game.  Sport of kings, right?  Or is that  horse racing? What are you doing here? Southie told me where you were. I had to get out.  Clear my head.  (teeing one up) Well talk to me.  How'd we do? You haven't seen the scores? Nope.  That's how I wanted it.  Just make the picks and get the  results later. Highest sales volume ever.  Take a guess. I think we kicked ass. It was amazing. I told you.  Last week was nothing. BRANDON smacks a drive, watches it soar -- You're right, nothing compared to how much we lost today! ... What'd I go? I have an idea.  I give you a few glimpses of what happened here  today and you take a stab. Just give me the numbers, Walter. You don't like that game.  Too bad.  Woulda been fun.  Grown  men crying on the phone.  Wives screaming in the background. Fuck! No.  When you lose 10 out of 12, fuck doesn't quite cover it.  Shit!" Or "My Fucking God."  Or "Jesus Fucking Christ!" Enough.  I get the idea, Walter. You're right.  I mean 2 for 12 on our biggest volume weekend  -- what the hell's left to say?  Except maybe keep the phone  number and switch it over to a fucking suicide hotline! Tomorrow morning, Brandon!  Bright and early!  We start in all  over again!  No getting off!  I'm gonna ride you until you're  more sick of me than losing!  Turn it around and we avoid a lot  of pain! Omit BRANDON Son of a bitch... What the fuck-- Mr. Novian wants to see you.  Now. (seeing a gun in his waistband) ... Tell him to call. You tell him. BRANDON looks, sees NOVIAN nearby. I didn't recognize you without the suit, John. This is my time off.  It's how I clear my head.  You want to  talk, pick a time. Or should I call you Brandon?  Someone costs you 18 mill, you  do some research. I'm leaving. The BODYGUARD grabs his arm.  Iron grip. Feel that?  I hate the cold.  Winter's coming.  Water's getting  rough. What the fuck is this about?  If you don't like my picks, use  someone else. Oh, I'm not using you again.  That's already decided.  And I  can't get my money back.  It's gone.  No, I came for an apology. Look me in the eye and say you're sorry. Say it so as to make  me believe you mean it. You flew to New York for-- --That's right. ... I'm sorry. I don't accept it.  Not good enough.  Try again. I don't know what you want me to say.  I'm sorry.  I am.  I'm  very sorry. Pathetic. I am very, very sorry.  That's a lot of money. Not even close. I'm sorry! This isn't going to work.  I'll have to get satisfaction somehow  else. Look, I'm not it -- I... NOVIAN inches from BRANDON.  Unbuttons his coat.  Sound of a  zipper.  BRANDON glances down, sees Novian reach into his fly. I scored you the new mikes, Walter.  No wires to mess with.   What do you think? I'm busy. Listen, I think I should lead off.  I have some really strong  stuff. You got a good hole, Jerry.  Stay in it. C'mon, I went 8 for 12 last weekend.  I'm hot.  I'm feeling it. 60 seconds. What am I, wood? You got one good weekend under your belt, don't push it. One weekend?  The Sykes System revolutionized this industry. Take a hike. What? You heard me.  You're fired.  Goodbye. I'm not fired, you need me more than ever. Beat it, you cut-rate parasite! In six years my worst weekend was never as bad as any of his  last three weeks! Get out!  You don't work for me anymore! What the hell are you doing, Walter?    C'mon, man -- it's me,  Jerry.  These other guys come and go. (pointing at BRANDON) Not this one!  That's true talent!  I'm firing your ass 'cause  you don't see it and I can't explain it to you! Think what you're fucking doing! I am!  You couldn't pick your fucking nose without a computer! ... Fuck him where he flosses.  Asshole doesn't understand I'm  building an empire around you.  Finish the countdown, we got  a big weekend to get to!  Let's go, chop chop! It's me, Brandon.  Can I come in? No.  It's not a good time.  What do you need? I need to talk to you, it's important. BRANDON lost, doesn't answer. You need to get out, Brandon.  You need to go. I gotta pick a winner is what I gotta do.  I gotta get back on  track. It won't matter.  You could go 100-and-0 and it won't be enough  -- it'll never be enough.  He'll ride you into the ground. I gotta figure this out. Please, Brandon. I'll figure it out... TONI leans her head against the door, exasperated, spent and-- Alex, it's Brandon.  Hey, it's been awhile but I never got your  number that night.  I was in the neighborhood so I thought I'd  take a chance and stop by. Man, you got a Doberman for a doorman. What are you doing here? I came by to take you out for a late dinner and a couple of killer  bottles of wine.  C'mon.  We'll go back to that place where we  met. Are you out of your fucking mind? (stepping close for emphasis) I live in this building, asshole.  It's home.  I don't like creeps  coming around unannounced.  Lurking around outside. What the hell's gotten into you?  What about that night? Let me make this real clear so this shit doesn't happen again.  5000 bucks.  Your friend set it up. Hello. Intercut - amir in payphone beside N.J. Turnpike - dawn Amir (dishevelled, distraught) I'm wiped out, John... Amir? Amir My business... My house... My credit... No, now listen to me -- we got a big weekend coming up, buddy Still you talk like this.  Who the fuck are you, like this is  some kind of game.  I was betting a few thousand a Sunday when  I called you.  You pushed me.  Every call.  All the time with  your talk... I lost $380,000 this weekend... I was going to get  married... I had a life... No words now, huh?  No more money to squeeze so you shut up. What? (face hardening) Fuck him if he can't take a joke. TAMMY puts the day's newspapers on his desk, leaves.  BRANDON  glances down, something catches his eye.  BRANDON pulls a newspaper  from the pile -- finds himself staring at a full-page ad for  JOHN ANTHONY.  Big smile.  Copy advertising "The Million Dollar  Man!" and -- I know what the problem is! BRANDON freezes.  WALTER watches two MEN unload stacks of money  from a briefcase, pile them on his desk. I'll come back later. No!  C'mon in.  We're done here.  Right fellas?  All through? Who were they? We need a bat light or something, you know a signal I can shoot  up at the Who were they? They're from the Salvation Army.  How the hell does someone go  1-for-8?  A fucking monkey tossing darts could do better! What's with the money, Walter? 1-for-fucking-8! (coming around the desk) I have a plan.  From now on we take your picks and reverse everything! (staring at the pile of cash) How much is that? (sweeping the pile to the floor) How much is what?  Oh, that -- 275,000 dollars! What happened to the two mill, all the other money? I was carrying twice that in red ink before you showed up.  The  last few weeks I thought keep the pressure off.  He'll come around.  the lights!  Let him see the toilet he's drowning us all in!  got three mortgages on this house, I'm gambling again and to  cover my losses I just got a loan from a guy who works out of  a bar on a 106th and Broadway!  All this -- everything you see  around you -- ... What'd you say when you came in?  You    were in a good mood  when you walked through the door and you said something. You're betting my picks? You went 82 and 11!  You were picking 80 percent -- how could  I fucking not!?  Trouble is I bet heavy after you went a hundred  percent and rode you right into the fucking toilet!  One decent  weekend and I would have been set for life!  One decent weekend! "I know what the problem is!"  That's it!  You came in with a  big smile and said, "I know what the problem is!" ... I'm Brandon Lang, Walter.  Brandon's the one who played sports.  -- myself.  It wasn't an act, man.  I became John Anthony.  But  he's not me.  If I go back to being Brandon-- --You can pick again!  Of course! All you gotta do is go back to being Brandon!  Talk like Brandon!  all my fault.  I see that now.  I pushed you into something you  weren't.  I took the golden goose and tried to turn it into a  duck.  We're winding down the season.  There's only two games  this weekend.  Two winners and two over/unders.  That's all we  need.  You crunch the numbers, sprinkle in a little Brandon magic,  we get the sales people burning up the phones and come Monday  we go four for four going into the big game!  Right?  Huh?  Let's  get No thanks.  I'll stay here.  Eat light. (kneeling down, stacking the cash) The Brandon thing!  What am I thinking trying to get you to go  out?  What would Brandon eat for lunch?  Peanut butter and jelly? (on the floor, helping him) I'll get something. You want anything shipped from home?  Your bed?  Clothes?  Porno  collection? No, I'm fine. Blow job? Thanks anyway.  Maybe later... Because it's important. Pressure doesn't help. God forgive me, you're an artist.  I fucked with that.  Two little  winners and a couple of over/unders.  That's all we need.  You  could phone it in.  Two's nothing.  Not for you.  Not for Brandon. These are the winners? That's who I like. Brandon made these picks? You're looking at him. (regarding the picks, to the room) New York and the under, Tenessee and the under!  Sell 'em hard! Sure, Angel.  I need you to root for me. (pointing at ATLANTA) They're the bad guys.  Atlanta.  We want the blue team.  New  York.  They have to win by more than five points.  And root for  a low score.  Both teams have to make less than 42 points total. Because Brandon likes them. JULIA looks at BRANDON, smiles.  BRANDON'S barely holding up  here, forces himself to find a smile in return. ...I'm finished.  I'm done. That's great. I can't do this anymore, Walter.  I can't sleep at night.  I  can't eat. You're not gonna sit there and tell me you're ending this because  you have a little indigestion or some insomnia. It's a lot more than that. I made it very clear before we started what the stakes were. Walter, it's over.  What use could John Anthony be to you now? Wrong!  Hot streaks go cold, cold streaks go hot.  Bettors will  climb back aboard. They know you!  And when your luck turns they'll remember you  went 80 percent for half the season!  We'll make it all back  on the last game and by next year they'll forget everything. Who said anything about next year? Sports betting's year-round. I'm not doing this next year. You made a career choice!  I bankrolled it! Let him go, Walter. WALTER and BRANDON turn, see TONI at the door. Of course you stick up for him! Meaning what? Who's side are you on? I didn't realize I had to choose. (to BRANDON) Look, you got a magnificent gift.  Own that.  So you strike out  sometimes, big deal, you're swinging for the fences.  You're  a champion, Brandon.  A champion goes down 186 times but gets  up 187.  I'm not letting you stay down.  This isn't about you  or me or Toni, this transcends that -- this is metaphysical,  this is cosmic, this is eternal -- this is God... Besides, we  have a contract. Bullshit! You can't own someone, Walter. I created the hottest sports tout this country's ever seen!   I plugged him, took out full page ads, built a show around him,  hooked him up with every major client I have and I will be goddamned  if he's going to walk out the door and take all that with him!  me and him!  Get out! Don't talk to her like that. I need you to tell me how to talk to my wife?  When I'm talking  you'll shut your fucking toilet! (to BRANDON) Leave. Brandon... Brandon. BRANDON'S POV.  His eyes open.  WALTER'S face fills FRAME. Wake up. What time is it? Five in the morning.  Listen, I gotta fly to Vegas to meet with  some clients.  Hand holding thing.  Keep 'em on board for the  final game.  Because you can do this thing, Brandon.  End of  the season's the perfect place to turn this streak around.  I'll  be back to you out to dinner.  Get you back in the groove.  9:30. Hey, I didn't know you were coming. Walter was delayed, he's coming back in the morning.  Asked if  I'd fill in. (processing this) That's funny, he didn't call me.  You look great. TONI silent. BRAndon You okay? Julia did her ballet recital today.  God she was beautiful. She is. TONi ... He's betting again.   BRANDON regards her. I can't believe I'm here again.  I saw it coming.  I just...  I just couldn't stop it. Nobody could. He won't stop on his own.  He can't. I gotta win one more game. You can't fix this, Brandon. BRANDOn After Sunday's game I'm taking off... It's still early.  Come in for a while. I don't think so.  She leans in to kiss him on the cheek and -- BRANDON suddenly  shifts.  Their lips meet.  A casual goodbye suddenly grows in  intensity as neither tries to part.  Seconds ticking by.  Things  getting heated.  TONI tries to pull away. Brandon-- BRANDON comes close, whispers something.  He unlocks the door.  She hesitates before BRANDON takes her hand, leads her into his  dark apartment and -- Look at that.  With the leaves and all.  This goes on my desk. Happy anniversary. KNOCK at the door -- JULIA vo I'll get it. JULIA hands the CAMERA to WALTER.  VIDEO CAMERA view of JULIA  and the puppy running to the door, opening it and -- Hey darlin'. Walter vo There he is.  C'mon in.  We're having a little celebration.   Toni and I were married 12 years ago today. Congratulations, I didn't know.  WALTER vo Sit down.  I want you to be part of this.   Okay angel, give Mommy my gift. WALTER aims the CAMERA as JULIA hands TONI a small gift box. I can't take this. WALTER vo Why not? It's too much. WALTER vo For what?  You're family, Brandon.  We all love each other, right?  I guess that makes you his mother. They're for evening. WALTER vo Good, wear 'em to bed tonight. (VIDEO CAMERA back on BRANDON)  Who do you think'll win the big game? Turn it off. WALTEr/still taping Better yet, don't say anything.  Surprise me.  We'll break it  when we do the live show.  Take your time, Brandon.  Enjoy yourself. 60 seconds till we go live, Mr. Anthony! BRANDON looks over.  The unfinished pick sheet lies crumpled  by the toilet.  He smooths it.  Pulls a coin. Heads, New York.  Tails Denver. He flips the coin.  Palms it.  Heads.  BRANDON checks the box. Heads, over.  Tails, under. BRANDON flips again, lets the coin hit the floor, watches it  spin, slowly come to a stop, drop to its side and -- Ten seconds! Wanna know about the picks? New York minus the two-and-a-half points and the over, what should  I know? I flipped a coin to decide. Five, four, three, two, one -- Hello everybody and welcome to the big weekend!  John Anthony's  just given me tremendous news about his assessment!  Let me say  to all of you who've used our service and those of you thinking  of using it for the first time -- never before in the history  of this industry has an offer been made like the one I'm about  to present to you now!  I am so confident of John Anthony's picks  for this Sunday, so sure of the skills he's brought to bear and  so anxious to get you on the phone and dialing the toll free  number on your screen that for the first time in sports service  history I will guarantee our picks this weekend!  What's that  mean?  Tell us how much you're betting with your bookie.  You  lose, we cover!  That's right!  Risk free!  Lock Of The Millenium! ... Wow.  What an offer.  The phones'll be flooded. We're that sure!  John, rundown the pitfalls facing the average  bettor.  I mean a game this huge, all the added dynamics, without  your expertise most bettors might as well just... flip a coin,  am I right? (tapping into it) That's right, Walter!  Last game of the year ladies and gentlemen!  will end the season ahead of the game! You can't guarantee they'll win!  It's insane! You think?  Well I say if you can flip a coin to pick, I can  guarantee the game! What if you lose? Fuck it, I'm ruined anyway. At least cap it out! (turning to him) Can't you feel it, Brandon? I don't know what you're talking about. I think you do.  The best part of the best drug in the world  isn't the high. Our reputation's the guarantee!  28 years in the business, we're  not going anywhere!  Bet this game big! New York wins the toss and elects to receive. That's it!  No more calls!  Kill the phones!  Kill 'em now --  right now! (to BRANDON, re: WALTER) Look at him.  Dead man walking, should be getting last rites.  the time of his life. Maybe he thinks he already did lose everything. WALL OF TVS, the ball's kicked and the game begins -- the SALESROOM  explodes in cheers after a good play -- PLAYERS collide -- a  fumble bounces across the field -- SALESMEN clamber atop desks  for a better view -- WALTER in agony after an interception, a  moment later elated when a flag brings the play back -- the score  board FILLS FRAME, New York trails 14/7 at the half and -- Hold onto that coin you flipped.  Game keeps up like this I'll  have to borrow it. It's not over yet, Walter.  I wouldn't change my bet. Where the hell's Brandon? You're missing the game!  We're back in it!  A New York touchdown  and we win both bets! ... He left. I know. And you didn't you tell me? He asked me not to. Just like that?  No goodbye? I'm sure it's in the letter. I'm sure it is... I wonder what's not in here? What do you mean? What do you mean, what do I mean?  When it comes to Brandon you  seem to have all the answers. He had enough.  He wanted his life back. He said that to you? Yeah, loud and clear, by leaving. I think it's something else. Yeah, tell me. You know. No. ON -- the TV.  New York's driving.  Game reaching a head.  A  clock in the corner counts down the final two minutes. You have no idea, huh? You're missing the game. No I'm not.  This is the game. Something was bothering him.  I mean sure, maybe he was homesick.  for me he couldn't face saying goodbye.  What a minute.  I just Do you deny it? Do I have to? I know you did! Really?  Another "lock of the year?" I saw you, Toni!  I saw you go into his room that night!  This  room!  With him!  I never went to Vegas! You mean you lied to me about the trip! Don't talk to me about lying! I guess you had the whole thing planned? Don't make this about me! Put me out there on a tray! Yeah, I put the tray out there -- but you didn't have to shove  an apple in your mouth and jump on it!  On him! Admit it! You played me! You're damn right I did! ... Brandon was right.  Son of a bitch! You don't deny it! Best pick he ever made. What the hell are you talking about? You were gambling with me that night, Walter.  Brandon knew it.  believe him -- I mean after all we've been through -- but I figured  what the hell. Toni con'd He slipped out the back, didn't even stay here.  And you... you were in such a good mood  the next day.  I figured he must have been wrong.  Otherwise  why wouldn't you confront us?  Confront me? And now I find out you've been thinking ever since then that  we did sleep together?  Living with it like that?  Looking at  me like that?  You sick fuck!  You wanted to lose!  You set us  up!  Like I was something you just toss on the table!  Only we  booked your bet, Walter! It's me. Hello, Brandon? Hey, hey the big winner.  What's going on? Nothing much... the usual. C'mon, I know it's rough, it's supposed to be.  A friend turned  me on to the place.  She said it's the best. Where are you headed? I don't know, but I got an airport full of planes to choose from. Does your mom know I'm in rehab? Yeah, I told her. Great pick on New York.  It's like I always said, you don't bet  quarterbacks and receivers-- (finishing his words) --You bet the offensive line.  I remember.  That's exactly what  I was thinking about, pop. (excitement creeping in) No kidding!  Wow.  Helluva game, huh?  Boy, that opening drive  was a beaut, the way they drove like that, six first downs --  you shoulda seen me, Brandon -- I'm screaming at the tv... We're up against a tough team today, toughest on our schedule.  want you to go out there and have some fun.  Enjoy yourselves.  you than I already am.  Team cheer, bring it in -- Go get 'em! The KIDS scramble across the field, other TEAM seen suited and  ready.  PARENTS on the sideline.  One of BRANDON'S tiny TEAMMATES  hangs back, approaches BRANDON. You really think we can win today, Coach? ... I'd bet on it. BRANDON drapes an arm over the KID, walks him to the game -- 