They do not! I hope so. Let's go. Okay -- you're gonna need to learn how to lie. I'm kidding. You know how sometimes you just become this "persona"? And you don't know how to quit? Like my fear of wearing pastels? What good stuff? Me. This endless ...blonde babble. I'm like, boring myself. do you listen to this crap? Then Guillermo says, "If you go any lighter, you're gonna look like an extra on 90210." But Well, no... I was? Tons You know Chastity? Hi. Who knows? All I've ever heard her say is that she'd dip before dating a guy that smokes. Lesbian? No. I found a picture of Jared Leto in one of her drawers, so I'm pretty sure she's not harboring same-sex tendencies. I really, really, really wanna go, but I can't. Not unless my sister goes. Eber's Deep Conditioner every two days. And I never, ever use a blowdryer without the diffuser attachment. You're sweet. I counted on you to help my cause. You and that thug are obviously failing. Aren't we ever going on our date? Where? How is our little Find the Wench A Date plan progressing? Forget French. I don't want to know how to say that though. I want to know useful things. Like where the good stores are. How much does champagne cost? Stuff like Chat. I have never in my life had to point out my head to someone. C'esc ma tete. This is my head Gosh, if only we could find Kat a boyfriend... Unsolved mystery. She used to be really popular when she started high school, then it was just like she got sick of it or something. The thing is, Cameron -- I'm at the mercy of a particularly hideous breed of loser. My sister. I can't date until she does. No, no, it's my fault -- we didn't have a proper introduction --- You're asking me out. That's so cute. What's your name again? Not the hacking and gagging and spitting part. Please. Can we make this quick? Roxanne Korrine and Andrew Barrett are having an incredibly horrendous public break- up on the quad. Again. I did. I have to be home in twenty minutes. Sometimes I wonder if the guys we're supposed to want to go out with are the ones we actually want to go out with, you know? Combination. I don't know -- I thought he'd be different. More of a gentleman... He practically proposed when he found out we had the same dermatologist. I mean. Dr. Bonchowski is great an all, but he's not exactly relevant party conversation. Would you mind getting me a drink, Cameron? Joey. Where did he go? He was just here. You might wanna think about it Did you change your hair? You know the deal. I can ' t go if Kat doesn't go -- Hi, Joey. Neat... Queen Harry? Hopefully. Expensive? Patrick -- is that- a. Is that woman a complete fruit-loop or is it just me? No! I just wanted I just wanted -- Let go! You looked beautiful last night, you know. I guess I'll never know, will I? God, you're just like him! Just keep me locked away in the dark, so I can't experience anything for myself I'm not stupid enough to repeat your mistakes. No. you didn't! If you really thought I could make my own decisions, you would've let me go out with him instead of helping Daddy hold me hostage. Why didn't you tell me? But You did what? As in... But you hate Joey Why? What? I wish I had that luxury. I'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and I can't go, because you won ' t. Like you care. I don't get you. You act like you're too good for any of this, and then you go totally apeshit when you get here. I really don't think I need any social advice from you right now. You are so completely unbalanced. Yeah, he's your freak friend Mandella's boyfriend. I guess since I'm not allowed to go out, I should obsess over a dead guy, too. Like I'm supposed to know what that even means. Can't you forget for just one night that you're completely wretched? Bogey Lowenstein's party is normal, but you're too busy listening to Bitches Who Need Prozac to know that. You're ruining my life' Because you won't be normal, I can't be normal. I think you're a freak. I think you do this to torture me. And I think you suck. Oh, I thought you might have a date I don't know why I'm bothering to ask, but are you going to Bogey Lowenstein's party Saturday night? Oh my God, does this mean you're becoming normal? Can you at least start wearing a bra? Nowhere... Hi, Daddy. I have a date, Daddy. And he ' s not a captain of oppression like some men we know. Fine. I see that I'm a prisoner in my own house. I'm not a daughter. I'm a possession! He's not a "hot rod". Whatever that is. No, but Daddy, I want to discuss the prom with you. It's tomorrow night -- Why? Daddy, no! It's just a party. Daddy. Daddy, people expect me to be there! It's just a party. Daddy, but I knew you'd forbid me to go since "Gloria Steinem" over there isn't going -- If you must know, we were attempting to go to a small study group of friends. Daddy, I -- But she doesn't want to date. But it's not fair -- she's a mutant, Daddy! What if she never starts dating? Now don't get upset. Daddy, but there's this boy... and I think he might ask...You think you ' re the only sophomore at the prom? I don't have to be home 'til two. All I know is -- I'd give up my private line to go out with a guy like Joey. Bianca, I don't think the highlights of dating Joey Dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding. Is he oily or dry? Great Who? No.Perm? It's just you. What? To completely damage me? To send me to therapy forever? What? You set me up. So did you Not all experiences are good, Bianca. You can't always trust the people you want to. I guess I thought I was protecting you. That's not I wanted to let you make up your own mind about him. After that, I swore I'd never do anything just because "everyone else" was doing it. And I haven't since. Except for Bogey's party, and my stunning gastro-intestinal display -- Just once. Afterwards, I told him I didn't want to anymore. I wasn't ready. He got pissed. Then he broke up with me. He said everyone was doing it. So I did it. Now I do. Back then, was a different story. He was, like, a total babe In 9th. For a month Joey never told you we went out, did he? I do care. But I'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons, not someone else ' s . Listen, I know you hate having to sit home because I'm not Susie High School. You're welcome. Bianca, I need to talk to you -- I need to tell you -- Can we go now? It's Shakespeare. Maybe you've heard of him? At least I'm not a clouted fen- sucked hedge-pig. What's normal? What do you think? It means that Gigglepuss is playing at Club Skunk and we're going. I have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you don't get out of my way. Where've you been? Leave my sister alone. Away. Hey -- do you mind? Yeah, and I noticed the only part of you featured in your big Kmart spread was your elbow. Tough break. Oh, honey -- tell me we haven't' progressed to full-on hallucinations. Who? You ' re looking at this from the wrong perspective. We're making a statement. Listen to you! You sound like Betty, all pissed off because Archie is taking Veronica. Can you even imagine? Who the hell would go to this a bastion of commercial excess? I got drunk. I puked. I got rejected. It was big fun. I did Bianca a favor and it backfired. I didn't have a choice. Who cares? No fear. If I was Bianca, it would be, "Any school you want, precious. Don't forget your tiara." I appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death, but I'm consuming. Do you mind? Neither has his heterosexuality. William didn't even go to high school So he has this huge raging fit about Sarah Lawrence and insists that I go to his male-dominated, puking frat boy, number one golf team school. I have no say at all. The people at this school are so incredibly foul. I realize that the men of this fine institution are severely lacking, but killing yourself so you can be with William Shakespeare is beyond the scope of normal teenage obsessions. You're venturing far past daytime talk show fodder and entering the world of those who need very expensive therapy. What's this? Mandella, eat. Starving yourself is a very slow way to die. Block E? I'm sure he's completely incapable of doing anything that interesting. Patrick Verona Random skid. Oh, Bianca? Can you get me my freshman yearbook? Why is my veggie burger the only burnt object on this grill? Is that right? A Fender Strat. You bought this? Really? What was it like? A down payment now, then a bonus for sleeping with me? You were paid to take me out! By -- the one person I truly hate. I knew it was a set-up! That ' s completely adorable! What? Look, I'm -- sorry -- that I questioned your motives. I was wrong. It's just something I had. You know How'd you get a tux at the last minute? Answer the question, Patrick You tell me. Create a little drama? Start a new rumor? What? Because I don't want to. It's a stupid tradition. No, I won't go with you No. Is that a request or a command? You're amazingly self-assured. Has anyone ever told you that? What? No -- something real. Something no one else knows. Tell me something true. I know the porn career's a lie. The duck? State trooper? For. . . ? How? Something like that I don't like to do what people expect. Then they expect it all the time and they get disappointed when you change. Acting the way we do. Yeah, well, don't let it get out I dazzled him with my wit Good call. The Partridge Family? You want me to climb up and show you how to get down? Put your right foot there -- C'mon. It's not that bad He left! I sprung the dickhead and he cruised on me. Other than my upchuck reflex? Nothing. Don't for one minute think that you had any effect whatsoever on my panties. Unwelcome. You 're so -- What are you doing here? BIANCA He just wants me to be someone I'm not. Oh, so now you think you know me? My father wouldn't approve of that that This. I should do this. Why'd you lie? No, you weren't Were you in jail? When you were gone last year -- where were you? But it's Gigglepuss - I know you like them. I saw you there. What? You know what they say Hey man. . . You don ' t think I can be "cool"? You don't think I can be "laid back" like everyone else? I hate him. Who? Just let me sit down. Like you could find one Why? You don't care if I die Why 're you doing this? This is so patronizing. I know, just let me sleep I just need to lie down for awhile I'm fine. I'm Funny, you're the only one "I'm getting trashed, man." Isn't that what you're supposed to do at a party? You know who The Raincoats are? That's what you want, isn't it? Depends on the topic. My fenders don't really whip me into a verbal frenzy. Hi Are you following me? You -- covered in my vomit. And why would I do that? I don't really think you warrant that strong an emotion. Like where? The 7-Eleven on Burnside? Do you even know my name, screwboy? Oh, right. Friday. My mission in life. Sweating like a pig, actually. And yourself? When I go? What's the matter? Upset that I rubbed off on her? The part where Bianca beat the hell out of some guy. Parts of it. No, Daddy. Yeah. She left with some bikers Big ones. Full of sperm. I want to go to an East Coast school! I want you to trust me to make my own choices. I want -- So what I want doesn't matter? Because you're making decisions for me. I thought you were punishing me. Then tell them I had a seizure. This from someone whose diary is devoted to favorite grooming tips? You decided. I know. Am I supposed to feel better? Like, right now? Or do I have some time to think about it? Tempestuous? I still maintain that he kicked himself in the balls. I was merely a spectator. Expressing my opinion is not a terrorist action.William - he asked me to meet him here. Have you seen him? Oh, good. Something new and different for us. Okay, okay, we won't go. It's not like I have a dress anyway Well, I guess we're not, since we don't have dates . You didn't You didn't have a choice? Where's Kat and what have you done with her? You went to the party? I thought we were officially opposed to suburban social activity. What'd he say? You think this'll work? Does it matter? That's never been proven William would never have gone to a state school. You could always go with me. I'm sure William has some friends. But imagine the things he'd say during sex. An attempted slit. Just a little. He always look so That's Pat Verona? The one who was gone for a year? I heard he was doing porn movies. Who's that? Yeah... Right. You think? Yeah. I guess. Hi.Just smack her now. No ... I believe "heinous bitch" is the term used most often. The point is Kat -- people perceive you as somewhat ... Well, yes, compared to your other choices of expression this year, today's events are quite mild. By the way, Bobby Rictor's gonad retrieval operation went quite well, in case you're interested. Katarina Stratford. My, my. You've been terrorizing Ms. Blaise again. You're completely demented. You weren't abused, you aren't stupid, and as far as I can tell, you're only slightly psychotic -- so why is it that you're such a fuck-up? Why don't we discuss your driving need to be a hemorrhoid? I'm at a loss, then. What should we talk about? Your year of absence? I don't understand, Patrick. You haven't done anything asinine this week. Are you not feeling well? With the teeth of your zipper? It says here you exposed yourself to a group of freshmen girls.Absolutely not. Your daughters went to the prom. Have a great time, honey! Dr. Ruth? They'll dance, they'll kiss, they'll come home. Let her go. Would you rather be ravished by a pirate or a British rear admiral? Tumescent! What's a synonym for throbbing? In the microwave.