I'm not paying you for the lovemaking, Hawk. I just want you to have whatever you needed the money for when you took me up on my offer. He's a little spoiled, but I know he does. More than anything in the world. I just told you, he's a big, hairy... Believe it or not, you still have a way to go before you start competing with my soon-to-be-ex-husband... the champion of lousy lovemaking. The man who thinks he's the biggest and the best... The man who thinks every secretary, stewardess, and cocktail waitress he fucks should lick his feet for the honor. The man for whom faking it was invented. Christ, if I hadn't gotten pregnant with our son, I would have never known I even had sex with the prick. Well. Obviously no one you have to worry about... Woody. Better ease up then, Hawk. Wouldn't want to give you whiskey dick would we? Gin. I'd be in a position to spend some money on you if you'd get in a position and spend some time on me. Don't be so glum, Hawk. The night's still young and filled with plenty of compensatory possibilities. You're too kind. I'm Amanda.Coming dad. I'll call you. Soon as we get a phone. Bye. Let's not think about the past. Let's just think about from today on. I'll never forget you, Jam. That'd be great. Hey, maybe someday your band'll play there. It's a college town, you know? Ann Arbor isn't... that far from Cleveland, right? My dad's company is relocating him. We're moving. That's why I was acting so freaky in school today. I thought it was the last time I'd ever see you. Anyway, open the box. I would have given it to you this morning, except... like I said, I was freaking out. I have all your notebook doodles memorized, Jam... Here. Your man is the drummer, Peter Criss, right? So. Is it true that Gene Simmons had a cow's tongue grafted onto his real one? Y'know, to make it so long? Oh, screw it! We've got to take this slow... You don't know how long I've been waiting to hear that... Jam! I've loved you ever since I first laid eyes on you, Jeremiah. I've just always been too scared to show it. I didn't mean for that to be so... intense. Forgive me. Believe it. Jeremiah? Sorry. No problem.Oh, God, how calculating of me to lead you all on like that after you offered me a ride in the middle of nowhere. Tease? What the hell did I do to tease you mongoloids? What? That's disgusting! What the hell is that supposed to mean? Oh, great. I just hitched a ride with a bunch of potheads... I'm hooking up with some people at this funky place in downtown Detroit called Disco Inferno. Mind droppin' me there?You heard me, nad breath. My time's precious and I think that's a reasonable price to pay for your sorry life. Say, Chongo, perhaps we could use some extra cash for tasty snacks at the KISS concert our weasly friend won't be attending. It's not nearly enough, punk. A tag on your toe. Nobody threatens me and lives. Don't try to run, maggot. Chongo's an all-state track star in every event. No really. My brother's hanging onto it for safe keeping. Please, let me get him for you. Please sir, don't beat me up. I do have a KISS ticket, but not on me.Jeremiah... what's gotten into you? Just keep your lying, heathenous trap shut, Jeremiah. If you truly are sorry, son, then you better pray like you've never prayed before. God willed me to find those tickets because He wanted to hear from you. He knows you need help and He wants you to ask Him for it. What?! Someday you'll have a son just like you, Jeremiah. A boy who lies through his teeth, buys demonic records, and smokes the dope just like you. What else can I do? Oh, records and magazines and comic books are one thing, but tickets? TICKETS? Jeremiah, do you realize what this means? That you're no longer content merely hearing their awful songs or looking at photos of their horrific faces! Now you want to see the devil in the flesh. You want to reach out and touch pure evil... and in Detroit no less! I made an appointment with Father Phillip McNulty at St. Bernard's. We're to see him directly where he will register you on the spot. You're a smart boy, Jeremiah. And so handsome. Now don't forget you're on the honor system tonight. I'll be home a little after one and if you've been partying or playing that satanic KISS music... well, need I remind you of the consequences? Besides, those jeans are so tight I can see your penis. It's dirty laundry for one thing and for another, you still haven't worn the clothes I bought you. You're skating on thin ice already, young man, so I wouldn't push my luck. Now get out of those rags. You're going to be late if you don't hurry up and change soon. Jeremiah, what are you doing? NOW!