KISS! The devil's music! Jeremiah! Jeremiah Bruce! You get  out here this instant! The devil's body count, that's what's  up! Don't you know what KISS stands  for? "Knights in Satan's Service!" Jeremiah, what are you doing? You're going to be late if you don't  hurry up and change soon. It's dirty laundry for one thing and  for another, you still haven't worn  the clothes I bought you. You're  skating on thin ice already, young  man, so I wouldn't push my luck. Now  get out of those rags. Besides, those jeans are so tight I  can see your penis. Someday you'll see the futility in  forging a musical career with those  idiots. Now don't forget you're on the honor  system tonight. I'll be home a little  after one and if you've been partying  or playing that satanic KISS music...  well, need I remind you of the  consequences? You're a smart boy, Jeremiah. And so  handsome. Don't stare too long, you'll go blind. No problem. Yes? No. No problem. Sorry. Jeremiah? I wanted to tell you something... Give me that microphone... Jeremiah,  you get your sorry self down to this  office, mister! I found some things in the pockets  of your jacket while I was picking  up your disgusting laundry today... Cigarettes! Marijuana! Prophylactics! And something much, much worse! If you know what's good for you,  you'll get down here... NOW! I made an appointment with Father  Phillip McNulty at St. Bernard's.   We're to see him directly where he  will register you on the spot. What else can I do? Oh, records and  magazines and comic books are one  thing, but tickets? TICKETS? Jeremiah,  do you realize what this means? That  you're no longer content merely  hearing their awful songs or looking  at photos of their horrific faces!  Now you want to see the devil in the  flesh. You want to reach out and  touch pure evil... and in Detroit no  less! And if the "guys" have parents who  truly love them, they will elevate  me to sainthood for getting rid of  these blasted things. It's been a long time coming, son,  but you're finally going to get the  kind of discipline you deserve. Someday you'll have a son just like  you, Jeremiah. A boy who lies through  his teeth, buys demonic records, and  smokes the dope just like you. What?! If you truly are sorry, son, then  you better pray like you've never  prayed before. God willed me to find  those tickets because He wanted to  hear from you.  He knows you need  help and He wants you to ask Him for  it. Moron. Then a cry from the crow's nest...  "Thar she blows!" Again, many thanks and praise to you  for seeing Jeremiah on such short  notice. God bless you, Father McNulty. Forgive me, Father. A young man here  with a pizza for you? You kids can't go in there! Kenny, come on with the macho crap  already. Like this kid could take  you in a fight anyway. Oh! With the language! That's it, Kenny! I'm leaving! Oh, Christine! You googatz in the  head or something? We're on the side  of the freakin' highway! When they wake up, they're gonna  come looking for you jerks. You best  hope they don't find you, cause if  they do, they're gonna kick your  asses. Very funny. I hope you choke! Oh, great. I just hitched a ride  with a bunch of potheads... I'm  hooking up with some people at this  funky place in downtown Detroit called  Disco Inferno. Mind droppin' me there? What the hell is that supposed to  mean? Well, your tee-shirt may say rock  'n' roll, but your breath says  pepperoni, baby. What? That's disgusting! Tease? What the hell did I do to  tease you mongoloids? Oh, God, how calculating of me to  lead you all on like that after you  offered me a ride in the middle of  nowhere. The name's Christine, not stella.   And there's no need to be such pigs  just cause I prefer Donna Summer or  KC and the Sunshine Boys or the  Village People over KISS? I can take care of myself, but thanks  anyway, germ. Whatever. Okay, Joe Burnout, let's get one  thing straight here. As far as I'm  concerned good tunes is good tunes,  be it disco or rock or polka or  whatever have you, regardless of the  category. True, if I had to choose,  I'd pick the category labelled disco  because I happen to enjoy dancing.  Disco is just easier to dance to. Now there's an intelligently biting  remark wrought with wit and irony. Yeah, why don't you put your money  where your mouth is? Why don't you bend over, you're  looking right at it! Hey, you're right. "Bend over you're  looking right at it?!" What's that supposed to mean anyway? Man, this is some kickass shit! Gimme a hit off that jay will ya? I don't know how you got here tonight  and I don't want to know either. All  I know is you're going to pay dearly  for this one, young man! Just keep your lying, heathenous  trap shut, Jeremiah. Can we talk, Father? I'm desperate.  My son was about to defy God by going  to that blasphemous KISS concert. Oh my God! That's Jeremiah! Jeremiah Bruce from school. He and  his mom just went into that church.  He must be in Detroit for the concert.  Can I go say good-bye to him? Beth, I am not letting you wander  the streets of Detroit after dark. I'm not going to wander. I'm just  gonna go over there. He's with his mom. Shit! You just skunked my last ball,  you... Please sir, don't beat me up. I do  have a KISS ticket, but not on me. No really. My brother's hanging onto  it for safe keeping. Please, let me  get him for you. Hey, Chongo! Don't try to run, maggot. Chongo's  an all-state track star in every  event. A tag on your toe. Nobody threatens  me and lives. It's not nearly enough, punk. Besides, I was gonna take your wallet  anyway. After Chongo and his friends  crush your ribcage like a pack of  Luckys. He was gonna mug me for my KISS  ticket. Say, Chongo, perhaps we could use  some extra cash for tasty snacks at  the KISS concert our weasly friend  won't be attending. Take five for a minute, Chongo. Let  me do the math. Now it's been a while since my boy  had holy confession. Could you...? It's about time you gave up on that  stupid dream once and for all. No  son of mine is going to be a career  musician. Thank you, Father. I'll be back for  him before you know it; after I take  care of some unfinished business. You heard me, nad breath. My time's  precious and I think that's a  reasonable price to pay for your  sorry life. Chongo? Take him outside and tear  his ass out through his mouth. I think he's on the level. He's too  stupid to try anything sneaky anyway.  Look at him, he's a moron. You got fifteen minutes and not a  second longer. We have a concert to  go to. See you outside. Believe it. I have a confession. Here it is. I didn't mean for that to be so...  intense. Forgive me. I've loved you ever since I first  laid eyes on you, Jeremiah. I've  just always been too scared to show  it. You don't know how long I've been  waiting to hear that... Jam! We've got to take this slow... Oh, screw it! You're too kind. I'm Amanda. Don't be so glum, Hawk. The night's  still young and filled with plenty  of compensatory possibilities. I'd be in a position to spend some  money on you if you'd get in a  position and spend some time on me. No shit, dude, is this really worth  it? Sure you get your ass kicked  nine ways to Sunday by that fucking  gorilla, but it's still a hundred  times better than getting it porked  for the next three to five. So. Is it true that Gene Simmons had  a cow's tongue grafted onto his real  one? Y'know, to make it so long? Your man is the drummer, Peter Criss,  right? I have all your notebook doodles  memorized, Jam... Here. My dad's company is relocating him.  We're moving. That's why I was acting  so freaky in school today. I thought  it was the last time I'd ever see  you. Anyway, open the box. I would  have given it to you this morning,  except... like I said, I was freaking  out. I pass by this really cool tee-shirt  shop on my way to school every day  and I know you wear those black tee- shirts all the time. You look like a  size thirty-five, but all the sizes  were in Roman numerals. So I got you  an XXXL. That's thirty-five, isn't  it? Then maybe you guys'll let me go,  huh? Come on, whadaya say? You scratch my  back, I scratch yours. You let me  go, and in return, I keep my big  mouth shut about your little operation  here. Mum, know what I mean? Gin. Better ease up then, Hawk. Wouldn't  want to give you whiskey dick would  we? Well. Obviously no one you have to  worry about... Woody. But you do know Premature Peter,  don't you? Shame, I just bought these  stockings. Believe it or not, you still have a  way to go before you start competing  with my soon-to-be-ex-husband... the  champion of lousy lovemaking. The  man who thinks he's the biggest and  the best... The man who thinks every  secretary, stewardess, and cocktail  waitress he fucks should lick his  feet for the honor. The man for whom  faking it was invented. Christ, if I  hadn't gotten pregnant with our son,  I would have never known I even had  sex with the prick. I just told you, he's a big, hairy... More than anything in the world. He's a little spoiled, but I know he  does. You're sweet. You guys better kill me before you  do what you're thinking of doing.  Cause when I'm mad enough, I can  bite down very hard. Now wait a minute, guys! Two against  one ain't fair. Lemme go back and  get my friend Barbara. You'd love  her. Tits the size of your head.  You'll feel like a little baby sucking  on 'em. I swear, I'll bring her right  back. It'll be a four-way... You  guys like disco? I teach disco dancing  at my church. You guys look like you  got rhythm in your blood. Come on,  free lessons if you let me go. Wow! Thank you! You're cooler than  the Fonz. Ann Arbor isn't... that far from  Cleveland, right? That'd be great. Hey, maybe someday  your band'll play there. It's a  college town, you know? Let's not think about the past. Let's  just think about from today on. I'll  never forget you, Jam. Coming dad. I'll call you. Soon as we get a phone.  Bye. I'm not paying you for the lovemaking,  Hawk. I just want you to have whatever  you needed the money for when you  took me up on my offer. You're a good man, Hawk. Thank you. Tsk. Tsk. Tsk. I really wanted things  to work out for you, my weasly, dim- witted friend. You got spunk. Chongo, give him a fifty dollar  wallop. Consider it a bonus, Chongo. Come with. It's not too late for you  to catch the fever. Here's my number. Tell me how cool I  am over the phone sometime. Okay? Disco Inferno, on the double. Drumsticks are the least of your  worries, young man. You are in a  world of... Jeremiah... what's gotten into you? How dare you sneak out of the house  like that! You had me worried to  death! Don't you know this is Detroit!  And for a degenerate band like KISS!  They're sick, sick, sick and oughta  be in jail with their vile antics! Just wait until your father gets  ahold of you! 