Twenty-one, Mr. Levi. Levi's face clouds slightly. The audience does not hear the following exchange. We think we're clean. Hold it. Not so fast. In response, the fan thrusts a card at him. Pikul takes the card, a complex invitation card which includes a holographic photo of the fan under which floats his name, Joel Dichter. Dichter anxiously looks past Pikul into the depths of the church, nervously adjusting the vinyl case slung over his shoulder. It's just the first wave. You can be part of the second wave. (rereads the invitation) OK, Joel Dichter. Put your arms up. I have to scan you. Metal and heavy synthetics can't come in. More for recording devices. Lotta money invested in these games. Industrial espionage happens. What's in this case? You won't need it tonight. Everything's provided for. Dichter suddenly spots Geller on the dais. He almost faints. This is where the real people live, Joel. Her real fans, like you. She seems to be very shy. It never occurred to me that a big star would be shy. Really? She doesn't enjoy all the adulation? Then why does she do it? By "we" you mean, the game company, Antenna Research? Why? Me? Oh, I'm with your own management training program. (shows him a card) I want to end up in marketing and public relations. (holds up security wand) The only thing I know about security is how to switch this thing on. A problem with her new game? Yeah, right, it's a game system. I heard that. 4 I've heard that she's very sensitive. A strange, choral humming begins to fill the church. Pikul and Levi turn their attention to the dais, where the fans rock and sway with the pulsing of the pods in their laps. What are they doing? Catchy. Levi helps him out, and soon the whole room is humming along happily, warmed by the Antenna Research corporate theme song. The whole room, that is, except for Joel Dichter, who, at the edge of the dais, is more concerned with fumbling around in the vinyl pod-case hanging from his shoulder. In the case, we watch as Dichter tears open his obsolete game-pod to reveal a bizarre weapon, a pistol made of bone and gristle, almost like the half-decayed body of a small mammal - whose snout is the barrel, whose rigid hind leg is the trigger. Dichter takes his weapon out of its case, shakes off a few gelatinous strips of game-pod flesh, and steps up onto the dais. Pikul is the first to notice this. He glances at Levi, who's still blissed out and humming, then launches himself awkwardly through the crowd. Now in the middle of the circle, Dichter makes his way towards the blissfully unsuspecting Geller, raising his weapon as he goes. No! Don't do it! Dichter turns to see Pikul stumbling through the small crowd, scrambling onto the dais. Distracted, Dichter hurriedly raises his weapon again and fires it at Geller. The first shot hits her in the shoulder and spins her off her chair, which collapses over her and takes the second bullet on its seat rim. The circle of players on the dais moans as one, swoons and jostles: they are all feeling the neural surge of Geller's traumatized nervous system. Peeking out from under her folding chair, Geller's eyes are wide with fear and confusion. She clutches her shoulder without being aware of it. Blood seeps in between her fingers Now Levi and his two assistants scramble onto the platform to get at Dichter, who fires wildly, hitting two of the players nearest Geller. The circle of players immediately goes spastic, screaming and twitching and dropping to the ground and writhing. Many of them are clutching their shoulders in the same spot as Geller, sympathy pain transmitting through their UmbyCords. Pikul manages to tackle Dichter, then starts whacking at him with the security wand. Dichter twists around and raises his weapon at Pikul, who immediately backs off in terror. But before Dichter can pull the trigger, the two assistants produce small, normal pistols from hidden holsters and empty their clips into the prostrate Dichter. Dichter manages to squeeze off one last shot at the approaching Jevi, hitting him squarely in the chest. Levi goes down and is lost amongst the jostling feet. The watching fans pile onto the dais and begin to help the players unplug from the game-pods which are obviously causing them distress. Three of the players attack the dying Dichter, dragging their game-pods after them, kicking at whatever part of him they can find in the confused mass of bodies. in the turmoil, Pikul is knocked to the ground. Amid the stamping, sliding feet, he finds himself lying across the stricken-Levi. Levi clutches Pikul desperately. Me? Me take her? She's coming with me! I'm responsible for her! She's supposed to come with me! To his surprise, Geller laughs a dazed, hearty laugh. (quietly, firmly) Yeah, you're coming with me. Pikul pulls her to her feet, but she immediately dives back to the floor to find her game-pod and UmbyCord. No, no! I don't trust the driver! What's the commotion, Miss Geller? Say, are you all right? What's goin' on in there? I can't do that. I can't abandon my vehicle. Geller pulls the weird gun out of an astonished Pikul's pocket. She points it at Frances. It'll take more than a dead squirrel to get me out of this seat. Geller fires two shots. One rips a hole in Frances's headrest. (getting out of her seat) You have to push the shift lever down to get it into reverse. (manic, scared) I normally like the countryside, don't you? Normally, the country is relaxing and calm. What do you mean? Well, I like the countryside. I might? They? I was hoping that was just one crazy guy. Everybody likes a conspiracy. It's more satisfying than just one crazy guy doing one crazy thing. Geller goes silent. Well, what are we going to do out here? Do you know your way around? You know any country people? That's weird. I never knew that. So you know your way around. We can hide out. Wow. (reflective pause; then) Hey, how'd you know my name? Oh. Yeah. How did you know how to fire that, gun? I've never seen anything like it. Can I see it? Migod, you're bleeding. I forgot you got hit. There is an urgent buzzing from somewhere in Pikul's breast pocket. It's my pink-fone. I'm not sure I should answer it. Ted Pikul. What happened? Some fan went crazy and started shooting up the place. I don't know why. He was just nuts. Allegra Geller? She's with me. We're OK. Yeah. Yeah. You're kidding me. You're kidding me! God. 1 can't believe it. I can't do that. No, how can I do that? Well, I'm not really sure where we are because... Geller grabs the pink-tone from him. She fumbles around with it, trying to find the power button. She accidentally summons up a read-out, which she pauses to look at. What she sees makes her glance up at Pikul. What? Can I have my pink-tone back? Geller finds the power button and pushes it. The pink inner light flutters out. She unceremoniously throws the pink-tone out the window. It lands in a rain ditch full of frogs. What did you do that for? That was our lifeline to civilization. They? You mean head office? I don't think he died. I mean, do you? I think he maybe fainted... Maybe he went unconscious... That was Alex Kindred, head of publicity and marketing, at Antenna HQ... .on that very expensive pink- fone you threw away. He said that some bizarre fanatical group called the Anti- eXistenZialists has put a price of 5 million dollars on your head, payable to anybody who kills you. It's been released to all the media now. Everybody knows about it. No. Anti-eXistenZialists. Capital X, capital Z. They somehow found out about eXistenZ and they want to kill you for creating it. They say that the eXistenZ game system will "finally destroy reality", or something totally nuts like that. It makes sense to you? You're not suprised? Kindred said that I'm your bodyguard and the company is holding me totally responsible for your safety. What? Who told you that? I'm just a marketing trainee. My clinic master thought I'd learn something about marketing if I moonlighted as a security guard on one of your test previews. (realization setting in) Jesus! Marked for death! We do? Why? I got it. Wow. Did somebody bite you? What I just dug out of you. It's a tooth. A human tooth. Pikul holds the tooth out to her, but she just glances at it, then rummages around in her MetaFlesh game-pod bag. That thing was designed to get past any kind of metal or synthetics detector. It's all flesh and bone. That guy really came there tonight just to kill you. Yes. I remember you said that at the church. Where were you just now? What were you doing? Why won't you let me contact Antenna? They've got to be going crazy, wondering what's happened to you. I mean, it's not like we've done something wrong. We just ran because we didn't know how many of them there were, right? I think we owe it to Antenna to let them know you're all right, to get them to send somebody to help you who knows what he's doing... And besides, I can't... I can't just keep doing this, whatever it is, you know, forever, not having any idea when it's going to be... Geller gets up and goes over to Pikul. She pulls up his shirt. Hey, what are you doing? No, I was never fitted with a bioport. What do you care? My clinic master told me I don't need to play a game to know how to sell it. Look, I've been dying to play your games. But I have this - phobia about having my body penetrated - surgically. You know what I mean. Getting a bioport fitted... I dunno. I can't do it. It's too freaky. Makes my skin crawl. Yeah, sure. With only an infinitesimal chance of permanent spinal paralysis. I've read all about it. (his resolve is crumbling) Well, yeah, of course, but... Let me, uh, let me call Antenna... You can't seriously want to play games now. Not here. Not while we're being hunted down by crazy people. _ Geller sighs, then switches into her explaining-the-facts- of-life-to-a-child mode. It... she, yes, she's quivering. Sure, all right. (he might have found a way What was your life like before? Before it was changed by Allegra Geller. But you still operate a gas station, don't you? Liberated? I don't have a bioport, remember? Those are sterile, are they? Then why the clean overalls? Oh, God. Never say dye. I didn't expect that to hurt. I expect the next part to hurt. Gas pulls the bioport insertion gun out of another drawer, this time a locked wooden one bolted under his metal-topped work bench. It is a scary thing, like a hydraulic jack designed by Giger, only smaller. Yeah, that's what I expect will hurt. How many have you done? Yeah. All two of them. As you can see, I've decided not to have a bioport installed. I love it. Great. Pikul tries to get up from the wingback chair and promptly collapses into the arms of Geller and Gas. What's going on? I can't walk! You're looking more like a butcher than a mechanic. What are you doing? You're going to port into me? While I'm paralysed? Yeah, I did, and I do, but... Here? Now? What's that for? It feels cold. How come bioports don't get infected? I mean, they open right into your body... Don't you think you could call me Ted? What do you mean? I.. I was nervous, but I didn't panic. You can get a new pod... Are you serious? This is the only version that exists? But why is it my fault? I'm telling you, I didn't, I did not neural-surge. I didn't. I didn't feel any surging. Gas strolls into the garage, still wearing his work gloves, which now hold an agricultural-looking shotgun. It is levelled at Geller. What are you talking about? But, but... she changed your life. But wait... Why did you install a bad port into me? Oh, God, I think he's dead. I thought I could just distract him. He wanted to kill you. That's two people in one day who wanted to actually kill you. Allegra, we need help. We're going skiing? Look at that huge bug. It's got two heads. What if somebody comes up here and really wants to ski? I've watched some ski shows. Downhill racing, Austrian Alps. If I'm her bodyguard, then she's in grave danger. It was a flawed installation - my first. It... it neural-surged. Allegra says you can fix it. Nerve boards? Wow. And where do the batteries go? It hurts. I think it's infected. But I really don't think that I want action. Me, I mean. The bearer of the excited bioport. What I want is... not now. Not here. I feel too... too exposed. Geller sighs, then switches into her explaining-the-facts- of-life-to-a-child mode. They are both aware that they are replaying an earlier moment. You're telling me this thing will run off my body's energy? You've got a bit of an unfair advantage, don't you? How can I possibly compete with the designer of the system? That was beautiful. I feel... just like me. Is that kind of transition normal, a kind of smooth dissolve from place to place? This is amazing. I had no idea. We... we're still ourselves, but we're in the game. Where are we? Are you serious? Wait a minute. That reminds me. What precisely is the goal of the game we're playing now? I mean, the rules, the objective... Nobody's ever really said anything about what you have to do in eXistenZ. But that's kind of cheating, isn't it? Not to say confusing. Look at this. Could this be the future too? (picks up a game-pod) Ever see anything like this before? They are looking at a game-pod in a gel-pak that is even weirder than a tissue-pod. It has a logo and a name - Yes. I can imagine. You do? It's none of your businesz who sent us. We're here, and that's all that matters. Pikul is shocked at his own response. He turns to Geller in horror, worried that he's blown the game already. Oh God, what happened? I didn't mean to say that! But should you be saying that in front of him? Nader? What's he doing? This is tricky. We're here, Dorsey Nader, and that's all that matters. Nader immediately comes out of his loop. He chuckles. Well, Nader, you said you had what we want. We're waiting. I assumed we did. I mean, here. In the game. Of course, we might not. Yeah, it's there. Looks a little different, but it's there. Geller grabs Pikul's shirt and lifts it. His is there too. I assume that Nader is our entry point into the game. Nader? Yeah. Do we blame ourselves for that? The bad dialogue? Or would it be bad no matter who was ported in? What happened? It disappeared into my back?! It... it's in my spine? It's winding its way around my spinal cord? (controlling his fear) No, I don't. Not a thing. I don't feel a thing. Uh, do you want me to do you? They change positions. Pikul ports in the micro-pod and it duly crawls its way into Geller's bioport. Tenderly, as though kissing a cut to make it better, Pikul kisses her back, low near her bioport. Geller whirls around with sudden anger. That wasn't me. That was my game character. I wouldn't have done that. Not here, anyway. She pauses, then kisses him on the mouth, hard. What about our new identities? Do you feel yours yet? I'm very worried about my body. Geller stops, sits up. I mean, where are our real bodies? Are they all right? Are they hungry? What if there's danger? Yes. I... I'm... very new. Did you say trout farm? It surprises me more than it surprises you. Nourish moves back to the insect motherboard that he has been working on, then leans over again exactly as he did the first time. It has the effect of an instant replay, but not in slow-motion. I, ah... I've been trained by the very best. Nourish unlocks and looks around with a delicate furtiveness. I'm new here. I have no plans for lunch. Won't you be going there too? All right, I'll do that. Nourish turns back to his task and begins to work away as though Pikul didn't exist. Pikul takes this cue to go back to his own board and is soon preoccupied with testing the board's circuits by porting it into a test UmbyCord that uncoils from the center of the bench. His strange reverie, watching himself work on auto- pilot at this bizarre task, is soon interrupted by a worker pushing a canvas and metal cart with bicycle wheels. The worker parks the cart behind Pikul and taps him on the shoulder. Yes? What's that mean? Should I just get up and go there? I order the special. He told me where to have lunch. We want the special. The waiter looks stunned. The others at their table look distressed. The waiter seems to lock up, almost freeze- framed. Did you hear me, Chinese waiter? We want the special. The waiter unfreezes, smiles grimly. But this is a special occasion. It's... Pikul pauses, waiting for the proper game line to materialize in his mouth. Finally, it does. He gestures towards Geller. It's her birthday. The waiter locks up for a moment, then unfreezes. I guess the special isn't very popular. But you know, really, don't you? You don't have to guess. I mean, it's your game, your little universe. You're telling me, for example, that you don't know what the special is? Or why we ordered it. I want to put the game on pause. Geller just looks at him, puzzled. Pikul panics. The game can be paused, can't it? I mean, all games can be paused, right? I'm feeling a little disconnected from my real life. I'm kind of losing touch with the texture of it, you know what I mean? I mean, I actually think there's an element of psychosis involved here. I mean, I don't know where my body really is, or where reality is, what I've actually done, or not done. Yeah. Pikul stands up and screams at the top of his lungs. eXistenZ is paused! The Chinese restaurant melts away. Did I do that? I guess I did. What? Just sitting here, it feels completely unreal. I'm sure you knew that would happen. Worse than that. I'm not sure here, where we are, is real at all. This feels like the game. And you... you're beginning to t1 feel a bit like a game character Did we really make love to each other? It feels like we did. I... I'm actually just like that in real life. You got the real Ted Pikul there, in the stockroom of the game store. I didn't? She kisses him gently. I think I've lost my appetite. I don't know. I find this disgusting but I can't help myself. Good? You think this is good? I am fighting it, but it isn't doing me any good. Pikul is now snapping together bits and pieces of bone, gristle and flesh, a grotesque Lego set. When he's finished, he's made a gun very much like the one that was used in the attempted assassination in the church. Omigod, this looks awfully familiar. You sure this is OK? Absolutely not. My teeth are perfect. Don't ask me how I knew this thing was in my mouth. Death to the demoness Allegra Geller. Sorry, I couldn't resist. But you know... I do feel the urge to kill someone here. Geller grips the edge of her bowl of hot-and-sour soup - the handiest weapon she has. I need to kill our waiter. But everything in this game is so realistic. I don't think I really could... "Free will" is obviously not a big factor in this little world of ours. He's too nice. I won't do it. The waiter arrives at their table. I found this in my soup and I'm very upset. Pikul fires. The tooth-bullet hits the waiter in the cheekbone. A chunk of the waiter's cheekbone comes off and his head jerks back like a fighter taking a stiff jab. The waiter's sweet face instantly transforms into a hideous, angry, snarling mask of hatred. He pulls a meat cleaver out of his jacket. Geller immediately throws her bowl of hot-and-sour soup into the waiter's face. The waiter screams, then wildly wipes the noodles and goop out of his eyes. He raises the cleaver over his head. The waiter swings and lunges across the table, managing only to hack the tip of the gun off. Pikul is shocked to see the gun begin to bleed. The waiter, sprawling across the table, screams as he tries to reach Geller with his cleaver. Pikul (loudly, to room) St's all right, just a little misunderstanding over the check. Pay no attention and enjoy your meal. To his surprise, the patrons actually turn back to their meals, albeit with a certain sinister reluctance. Pikul looks around wildly. I feel a serious game urge to get out of here! Through the porthole in one of the pair of metal-clad kitchen doors, Geller spots someone wearing a che'f's hat, someone who is wildly beckoning to them. Yes. It was very... revealing. He betrayed you? Is that where you caught today's special? Reality is a fragile thing. Most people think that reality must of course be the most solid thing, but it isn't. Reality is threatened now more than ever. It is being eroded and it is washing away in the deforming storm of non-reality, which masquerades as reality, and eventually replaces it. Deformed and crippled and limping and hideous, threatening to engulf us all. Geller looks at Pikul in admiring disbelief. The game made me do it. "Enemies of Reality"? Or does it really mean, enemies of eXistenZ? Are the Realists the game-life version of the Anti- eXistenZialists, desperately want to kill you? But why is the name Cortical Systematics familiar? Yes. So that makes it the game- life version of our own company. Cortical Systematics is equivalent to Antenna Research in the real world. So, then, do we meekly go back to work and say nothing? It sounds as though Nourish and his Realists are preparing to sabotage the Trout Farm. Before you know it, they'll be planning to assassinate game designers. Then what do we do next? Migod! Why not? But we were contacted there by Yevgeny Nourish. He seemed to know exactly who we were. If Nourish isn't our real contact, who is he? We are? We do. How will we know what to do? Yeah, we were. And it's amazing. What is that you've brought? (gesturing towards the It might be the safest thing. Are you hungry? Me neither. I'm terrified to look under the plates. This "support for the fanatics" thing doesn't sound too good. Maybe we should stop... Listen, to be honest, I find your game very confusing. I'm not sure I want to go back in there, because I'm not convinced I'm going to keep coming out. Do you really like that feeling? Will it? Allegra, I'm worried that your game will wipe me off the face of the earth. I'm thinking I was right never to have a bioport installed. That was cruel. I don't want to be here. I don't like it here. I don't know what's going on. We're blundering around together in this unformed world, whose rules and objectives are largely unknown, seemingly indecipherable, or even Possibly non-existent, always on the verge of being killed by forces we don't understand. That sounds like a game that's not going to be easy to market. The cashier said it would be in a familiar place. Is there such a thing here? Is that it over there? They stroll over to the basket. Geller kneels down and carefully begins to unwrap it while Pikul stands guard. God, it's ugly. Even for a game- pod. (he thinks she's joking) Oh, sure. Yes. Desperate to port into it. Geller steps over to a bunch of UmbyCords draped over a peg and strips one off. She sits down on a rotting wooden folding chair next to the death-pod's basket and ports in one end of the UmbyCord. You're not serious! I mean, that's a diseased pod! Once you port into that, you become, you... you... How long does it take for the infection to take hold? And then you quietly port into all the other pods and spread the infection to them... What's happening? I'm gonna unport you now. Pikul tries to unport Geller, but her bioport has swollen and seized the jack. He gives the UmbyCord a tug. I'm going to cut you free! I'm sorry! I don't know what else to do! Death to who? (he fingers his ID card) Oh, yeah... Barb... Nourish drops the torch, falls to the ground and snaps into the foetal position. A wall of flame roars up around him, fueled by the straw, wood, canvas, pod-oils. Pikul jumps over to Geller and picks up the trailing cord, twists it in his hands until it stops bleeding. All four walls of the assembly bay are on fire now. The doorway is a flapping sheet of flame. Mixing with the swelling rush of the flame are the sounds of the entire plant going on alert: yells, screams, sirens, running feet, doors being slammed open and closed. Pikul holds Geller tightly. She is limp, weak, drained in his arms. I think we just lost the game. But now, strange, anomalous objects begin to appear out a nowhere in the flames - a chair, a tv set, a bath tub, a table, objects emerging into the game from the quest chalet. After a moment's confusion, Pikul smiles. Or maybe not. And sure enough, the Trout Farm and its flames and its black cloud melt away. Allegra, we're back home. What's the matter, what's wrong? As Geller swims back up into full consciousness, she begins to talk, mumbling at first, then with terrible clarity. Brought what back? I can't understand what you're saying. But this can't be possible. How can a game event emerge into real life? What's in that needle? What? Vinokur? Oh, no. I'm infected? Wait a minute! The theme of disease? I'm fucking reall infected! Is it going to crawl up my spine and rot my brain? (controlling his panic) Yeah, great. Now, listen. This could be critical. Were you really saying that Vinokur is an agent of the Anti- eXistenZialists? Because if he is, if he's with them, then we are really... The cashier? He's a game character! How can he be here? Allegra, listen to me. I think we're still inside the game. I think your real pod's out there somewhere, somewhere safe. I think it's OK to let go of this one, this pod. It's not the real one. A Molotov cocktail comes sailing into the room and shatters against the bed. The bed ignites with an explosive whump. What is it that we're seeing? What are you doing? We're on your side. Something's slipped over the edge, here, Allegra. Something's all wrong. Wait a minute. Cortical Systematics is just the qame version, it's only... What the fuck are you doing?! You've killed him! Are you gonna kill me next? Didn't you? You didn't like that and so you killed him? But Allegra. What if we're not in the game anymore? If we're not, then you just killed someone real. A real person. You see what can happen. It's important for me that you see that. (standing over her) It wasn't an accident that you and I ended up on the run together. No. I still am one of them. I made the bioport sacrifice to get close to you, to make love to my enemy. To understand what I have to kill. Are you all back? The man whom we knew in the game as Yevgeny Nourish immediately stands and takes charge. But it is a different Nourish, exuberant, sensitive and artistic. How long were we gone? About twenty minutes. Yeah. If you stayed in the gameworld for most of your life, you could live to be five hundred years old! Interesting. Interesting. Hold that thought for the focus group. (indicating game module) Can I keep this? I've never felt anything like it! And I love this little thumb-hole. It's fantastic! (appreciative laughs and And that will entitle you to reserve one of the first batch of the TranscendenZ by PilgrImage game modules to hit the market, and at a seriously discounted price. You're gonna love it. Amidst applause and general excitement, Merle turns to the tripod-mounted chalkboard standing, as in the first scene, at the back of the dais. There we see the words that she has already written: TranscendenZ by PilgrImage. Remember - it's written like this. Capital T, capital Z. TranscendenZ. It's new, it's from Pilgrimage - capital P. capital I, and it's coming soon. (shy but determined) We do, but I'd like to assure everybody here that Allegra wouldn't really jump into bed with a security guard unless he was me. Well, what do we say to our brilliant, award-winning game designer, Yevgeny Nourish? Does he have another winner on his hands or not? All right, now, I have to ask you some questions, before the game half-life wears off. First, let me thank you for taking part in this test seminar. PilgrImage wants to deliver nothing but the finest to the game enthusiast, and you have all been a proud part of that process tonight. When we've collected all the head-sets and game modules, we'll be handing out a questionnaire to each of you, and I'd like your answers to the questions to be as honest, as brutal, as clear as you can make them. Don't hold back. After that, we're going to form a focus group where we'll discuss details of each of your experiences playing TranscendenZ. You've all had different but interlocking lives in the game, and I think you'll be amazed when you hear each other's stories. What do you mean? or Really? But that's very creative. But on second thought, I see what you mean. It makes me nervous. You think it must have come from one of our game players? So which one of them did these elements come from? Hi. We were just wondering if we could ask Mr. Nourish a question, away from all the others. We've played your game now, and so we can finally agree with the others that you are the world's greatest game artist. We weren't sure before. Yes. Don't you think the world's greatest game artist ought to be punished for the most effective deforming of reality? I don't think this is very... (looks towards security 