Okay: this may sound crazy, but -- But they didn't see it happen, they still have doubts. What we need is another body, and Steven's bloody hands right next to it! -- but nobody has yet, Donald. They just haven't been brought to that breaking point. They have to believe proof-positive that their lives are in danger. -- the whole thing is falling apart! -- there's plenty: for all we know, Steven's got her spying on us right now -- So we don't even know if she's alive or dead -- -- there's already been way too many complications for a very simple plan. You ever find out what happened to Melissa Marr? So what stopped her? -- the James Dean wannabe with the hair trigger -- -- "oh, no, Officer, I'm very much alive -- just a joke to beat my husband at his own clever game -- What? What do you mean he's dead? It's all my fault, I may as well have killed him myself!" And what's Steven's status? You're the Doctor, sweetheart. 'Guess the atropine worked, then. No need for divorce and that messy division-of-assets thing when they kick before you do. Oh, he's got no problem with that: I'm his fourth. We'd've been splitsville years ago, with me the richest single woman in recorded history -- but Steven doesn't "believe" in divorce. Take a bow, Steven, you've outdone yourself tonight -- scared holy hell out of even me. Steven?? No. OhmyGod, Pritchett was right -- The house <b>IS</b> haunted. -- wit...nesses -- -- what...are...you...going...to -- Steven -- Funky little house, ain't it? Friends, your hostess is now going to retire for what's left of the night. If you need me, I'll be in the bedroom upstairs -- but try and fight that need: the door'll be locked, I'll be trying to sleep, and if anyone so much as breathes in the keyhole, I'm gonna empty this thing into their fucking head. Thank you all for the bestest birthday a girl could have. Question answered. -- thank you! All the cards finally on the goddamn table! -- oh, for chrissake, that's a given; we all know that knocking me off is the bottom line here -- -- and who's next on your list? I mean, did she stage it all for you and then go hide -- or did you just flat out kill the little bitch -- Game, set and match, Steven. You've outdone yourself. And I know it's not good manners to ask the magician how he did it, but inquiring minds are desperate to know: just what did really happen to Ms. Marr? Stalking the wild poltergeist. Fine with me. Just somebody then better go and round up Melissa Marr. And where are we off to, Mr. Price? Check the wiring on the animatronic Mummies? So how's a girl to know if these things are loaded, baby? Must be getting old, Stevie -- you're repeating yourself -- this is the exact same set-up you used for the Son-Of-Sam Hunt back in '94. Girlie, open up that casket there and see what you find. -- the sadistic prick -- Really? Well, let it rip. Sure it wasn't. Hey, anybody else here make their living with thrills'n'chills for the kiddies? Don't raise your hands all at once. My guests were shredded. It's your sick little scene now, Steven: enjoy. I'm going to go run scalding water on the places you just touched me, and then I'm calling a cab. You're hurting me. Which part of that fantasy turns you on most: me with other men -- or just the other men? All accidents until proven otherwise. It you really loved me, Steven, you'd find a way to drop dead in the next three seconds. What are you talking about? You think I invited them? Then who are they? I guess it was stupid of me not to expect something this twisted from you. Well, congratu-fucking-lations, Steven: Round One, you win. I gave you a goddamn guest list two pages long -- where the hell are they? Could we have a word? Haven't they already? I'm not laughing, Steven. Don't touch me! Oh. You think this is a request. Well, think again. I'm telling you: "Haunted Hill" is exactly where we're having my party this year. You'll find the guest list on your desk by the time you get back --Please! Something! Oh-God! Do something! First time for everything. Sources have told this reporter that the real reason your Park's opening has been delayed was a near-fatal accident on one of the rides here. Comment? And then what happens? Your roller coaster that is, quote: "unlike any that has ever come before it." Business or pleasure, Mr. Price?How'd you make your guest list, Price: throw darts at a phone book? Melissa Margaret Marr, Celebrity. I hope not. ...birds. Just seagulls or something walking on the glass, goddammit. The guy whose hair I do has his own TV show. All I've got is a blow-dryer and a dream. I knew this whole place'd be pure gold! Pritchett, point me in the direction of the goddamn ghosts! If I can get something bizarre enough on tape, I think I can parlay it into getting me some kind'a Robert Stack "Unsolved Most- Wacked-Out Home Videos" gig. No more five afternoons a week of sex-change- Nazis-and-the-lesbos-that-love-'em. So where's the party?C'mon. -- the "Saturation Chamber." Where he wanted to put me. More the merrier. Yeah...something. -- uh, excuse me, just one quick question? How long before this damn thing unseals itself? Looks like we're it. What? I don't do groups. Yeah. And under other abnormal circumstances, I think this would be the time to seriously jump your bones. Run. All the plates sealing the windows and doors -- there's got to be some way of raising them manually. They didn't just appear out of thin air -- there's got to be pulleys, cables or something, that make them go up and down. No. It's just trying to frighten us. The opening's still too small, we'll never get through! -- was that?? We're safe? He's dead...? He's gotta still be down here. It'll have to do. What about that other guy? Or an on-line computer. Everyone that was invited is related to one of the staff who was here when the place burned. There are five of us... Holy shit! Now we know how the guest list was made up. Look, these names... Head Nurse, Ruth-Ann Stockard... Bjorn Jensen, Electro Therapy... Jasper Marr, Thomas Steven Price... They're all here! Cheery looking bunch. Maybe there are notes or drawings of this place, showing how those plates work. Let's try down here... Back where? -- listen to the man -- -- where the hell were you? I was upstairs with Eddie -- You're starting to sound like Pritchett. -- no. The basement -- the room with all the controls to this thing: big long iron levers just lying there -- It's a thousand years old -- we just need a crowbar or something to get leverage -- the sucker'll pop! We can do it... No -- keep pulling, it's moving! An answer, I hope: exactly what -- or who -- Melissa was taping. Hey, if everybody's gonna kill each other, could you do it in another room? I'm trying to get something accomplished here. No...not air -- There's always exceptions. Why not? I told you already: Jennifer Jenzen, Executive V.P. of -- What? Deep down inside? You need to get out more. Thanks. This whole place can't be wired to just one circuit -- Three steps forward -- I want to get up there. Don't push it. And you're not really as large and useless as you seem. Is she...alright? ...wow....WOW! Hey, Ms. Jenzen -- ? What? No, no, it's just -- I was in the middle of -- Messenger just dropped it off. No return address. I don't know, Ms. Jenzen. Not even for a million dollars, Mr. Price. Don't think so. Stay the fuck back. -- no more -- -- confirming everything we already know -- I'll take my chances. Well, I don't. Fascinated. If you've got a gun on you, Price, I'd hand it over now. I never saw you -- -- the window and door grates -- I...don't think...anybody should be touching the body. What is it?? Good way to get your head blown off. This is all maybe getting a little too strange -- Jennifer-Jenzen-Executive-V.P.- Paragon-Pictures. What're you talking about? Yeah. Why's there five checks? There's only four of us. -- hey! -- How, he's supposed to be dead! Pritchett: what is going on? Price! Excuse me? You coming, or are you waiting for Blackburn? Pritchett, what is this "core of darkness"? There is something very not normal going on here! And you think it's in there? Ghosts killed your father? You should really open this place to the public, Pritchett -- a spa for people without enough stress in their lives. Well, that leaves you with two options then, doesn't it: either show me where and maybe we get out of here -- or it's spend-the-night-sleep-tight. No, you don't want to go down there. I am going down there. And I'm going to find <b>reverse</b> on this thing and floor it. Pritchett, this "lockdown" thing -- it's gotta have like a master control -- you know machinery, gears, whatever -- somewhere in this place? Uh, excuse me? Don't think I'm not having the time of my life watching this train wreck that's your marriage -- but this isn't what I had in mind... I want to know that we can get out of here if we need to. Why not? Well, then, how 'bout maybe we call someone? What's going on? Of course he did, for God's sake. Didn't he, Mr. Pritchett? -- guess we know where Mr. Price is now. But the million bucks each, that's for real? -- I'm coming -- Keep talking, I'll find you! Melissa, it's Sara -- is that you? Melissa...? -- Eddie!!