GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE. GET OUT. YOU BURN IN BELL. You burn in hell and you deserve it -- YOU GET THE FUCK OUT. I'M NOT YOUR BABY, I'M NOT YOUR GIRL. I'm not your fuckin' baby -- FUCK YOU. YOU GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE. FUCK YOU. FUCK YOU, YOU GET OUT. GET THE FUCK OUT. Get out of here, get the fuck out of my house -- I'M NOT CRAZY. You're the one. You're the one who's wrong. You're the one -- I'M NOT CRAZY. Don't you tell me I'm crazy. Yeah, yeah right -- what the fuck are doing? WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING IN MY HOUSE? Why are you here, why are you doing this? Coming in here -- you wanna call me a whore? I don't wanna talk to you. Don't sit down. What the fuck do you want? Wanna call me a slut now, something? He's not my boyfriend. What do you want? Why are you here? ...what the fuck is this...? just let me walk out, ok? Let me go, leave me, let me go, it's ok, please. Just say no. ....now that I've met you.... Would you object to never seeing me again? Wanna kiss me, Jim? Ohhhh I started this, didn't I, didn't I, didn't I, fuck. I've got troubles. You don't know how crazy I am. You don't how fuckin' stupid I am. That was so great what you just said. Oh my god, Jim. Jim, that was so -- What? You're a police officer. You have so much, so many good things and you seem so together...so all straight and put together without problems. I'm really nervous that you're gonna hate me soon. That you're gonna find stuff out about me and you're gonna hate me -- Can I tell you something? That felt good to do...to do what I wanted to do. ok. I'm gonna run to the bathroom for a minute...maybe just -- I'm sorry. No, I'm sorry. I'm saying I'm sorry. I talk like a jerk sometimes -- I'm sorry. I didn't mean...it's seems vulgar or something, I know -- I'm sorry -- What? Ok. I'll tell you everything and you tell me everything and maybe we can get through all the piss and shit and lies that kill other people.... To not do that. To not do that that we've maybe done -- before -- What I just said...y'know, people afraid to say things....no guts to say the things that they...that are real or something... You wanna make a deal with me? And I bet you say that to all the girls -- Why not? So you've done it -- Did you ever go out with someone and just....lie....question after question, maybe you're trying to make yourself look cool or better than you are or whatever, or smarter or cooler and you just -- not really lie, but maybe you just don't say everything -- Great, bye. It's my favorite place -- Billingsley's? Oh sure yes, that's fine, late dinners are good. Should I get dressed up or -- ? Eight o'clock? Do you wanna go tonight? I mean, are you working? I thought you were flirting with me a little. Really? Then...I'd like to go...What do you want to do? Well...is that illegal? You wanna go on a date with me? What is it? Did you forget something? Good bye. yeah, good, ok. Yes. I will. It was nice to meet you Officer Jim. I'm sorry. If you're not here for a 422 -- We were just gettin' warmed up. We were just getting started. Tempural-something-mandibular, thing with something, I dunno. But it affects my ear, I don't even know if I have TMJ exactly but just very tight, like - it's like a muscle spasm and it's just gets so clenched -- --- yeah, yeah, I get in it in my ear. It's TMJ is what it's called technically. Thank you. Ok, ok. I'm back. I'm gonna run to the bathroom real quick. You won't. You won't have to. It's not my boyfriend -- and it's not anything -- it's over. Really. It's not. He won't came back. It's not -- what's a 422? -- is not my boyfriend. I don't have a boyfriend. Yeah. You take cream or sugar? I don't know how fresh it's gonna be -- -- do you wanna cup? Yeah...it's not...it's been on for a bit -- I don't have a boyfriend. Yeah. Yeah. About two years ago. ok. What are you lookin' for? It's fine. I was...he's gone...I mean it's not. It's over, y'know -- No. No. Yes. I had someone come to my door, someone I didn't want here and I told them to leave -- so -- it's no big deal. They left. I'm sorry. No. Yeah. I didn't realize it was that loud. No. Yeah, but I don't know -- What? Wilson. I'm sorry. For what? Yes. I'm sorry, I had to get dressed. I'm coming! uh...uh...What is it? ...Hello...?Claudia. Yes. No, what's wrong? Yes.Don't tell me to go away, Stanley. I am the Co-ordinator in this show and you will answer the questions that I ask, you understand? What happend, what's going on? Jesus Christ, Stanley, you can't go to the bathroom now. You have exactly one minute before we're back on the air, this is NOT the time to go to the bathroom. Just hold it, you'll be fine. Can you hold it? Not enough, what do you want? What? C'mon guys, settle down -- I can check on that for you, maybe we can take a tour -- Sure, why? It's upstairs. They're here, they're fine. In the dressing room. See you later -- Ready to go,go,go? Richard, shut it and keep it down. I don't know, Richard, they need to talk it over -- Let's go, c'mon, get up -- -- Richard.Yep. Yeah. You have the wrong number. There's no one named Frank here. No. I think you have the wrong number. Hello?Well I guess the question is this: Do you remember Miss Simms? Kind of. They wouldn't? Ok. That's why. I had trouble locating your school records at Berkely and UCLA. Your name change -- they had no official enrollment -- And "Frank?" It's not your given name, right? Where does that name come from? And you went to Van Nuys High, right? In five years? Do you have your masters? Psychology major? And you ended up at UC Berkely -- I wouldn'tve asked -- I'm sorry. And your father? What does she say about, "Seduce and Destroy." Are you close? Does you mother still work? Why does that sound silly? And what did your parents do? the valley? Where are you from originally?You're hurting a lot of people, Frank -- So you sat it out, that's what you did? Yeah. C'mon, Frank. What are you doing? I talked to Miss Simms. Miss Simms was your caretaker and neighbor after your mother died in 1980. I was told that your mother died. That your mother died when you were young -- No, this is about getting something right and claryfying one of your answers to an earlier question -- She lived in Tarzana. She does. From when you were a boy. Do you remember a Miss Simms? We talked earlier about your mother. And we talked about your father and his death. And I don't want to be challenging or defeatist here, but I have to ask and I would want to clarify something -- something that I understand -- It's not like I'm trying to attack you -- It's all important -- I'm saying, Frank, in trying to figure out who you are -- Well, just trying to figure out who you are, and how you might have become -- Are you asking me that? This isn't meant -- I would just want to clear some things up: -- just to clarify -- I'm confused about your past is the thing. -- let's talk more about your background -- It's fine. I can bleep it out. Let's talk about -- -- see, I thought you grew up here in the valley -- Ok. So, lemme just ask you a couple questions to start -- I'm gonna start rolling -- All it takes is one second? If you're up to it, I've got us set up in a suite upstairs -- That's fine. It's nice to meet you.Hello, Phil. Hello? -- no,no,no what is this? who? What's this guy's name? What's wrong? Phil, hang in just one more minute ok? I'm gonna put you on hold -- Doc you still there? Doc, just - don't, how close are you? Fine. Phil, you still there? Doc, go get Frank and put him on the phone. I need you to interupt him, I need to get him on the phone with me right away -- I have to talk to Frank, is he nearby? Doc it's Janet.We're not going out two days before we set the record, it's not gonna happen. I'll get it because I'm a good actress, Richard. No. But I probably will get a call back. Do you still have to do homework? You have to go, Stanley. You're the smartest. No they don't -- Movie Of The Week. I went up for one this morning with Alan Thicke and Corey Haim -- Commercials, a sitcom, an MOW or something. You should get one, I'm serious, you could get a lot of stuff out of this -- Do you have an agent, Stanley?-- how the fuck can I say anything to that -- I don't know what to say to that -- I need to sit down. I'm listening. I'm getting better. -- you don't understand: it's more pain than before and the fucking morphine pills aren't working, he's -- past two days it's like he can't really swallow them and I don't know if they're going down -- I can't see inside his mouth anymore -- I'm up all night staring at him and I don't think the pills are going down and he moans and he hurts -- Yeah. He has Phil right now. I just, I just -- I just -- I'm just in a fucking state, I know he's going and it's like I don't know how -- just tell me practical things -- What the fuck do I do with his body? What happens when he dies? That next moment: What? What do I do? Then What? -- he's fucking dying, he's dying as we're sitting here and there isn't a fucking thing -- jesus, how can you tell me to calm down? Shut the fuck up. I have to go. Now you must really shut the fuck up, please. Shut The Fuck Up. Shut the fuck up. Shut the fuck up. Shut the fuck up. This is so over-the-top and fucked-up I can hardly stand it. -- that can't happen. Earl doesn't want him to have the money, the things. What does that mean? Where will the money go? I can't. This is not any fucking medication talking, this isn't -- I don't know. I don't know -- Can you give me nothing? You have power of attorney, can you see him, can you, in this final fucking moment, go see him and make sure --- change the fucking will -- I don't want any money, I couldn't live with myself, this thing I've done -- I've fucking done so many bad things -- I fucked around. I fucked around on him, I fucking cheated on him, Alan. You're his lawyer, our laywer, THERE, I'm his wife, we are married. I broke the conract of marriage, I fucking cheated on him, many times over, I sucked other men's cocks and fuck - fuck - fuck - ....fuck.... Other Things I've Done.. I don't want him to die, I didn't love him when we met, and I've done so many bad things to him that he doesn't know, things I want to confess to him, but now I do: I love him. I love him so much and I can't stand -- he's going. No, no....no, you see...I never loved him. I never loved him, Earl. When I started, when I met him, I met him and I fucked him and I married him because I wanted his money, do you understand? I'm telling you this now...this I've never told anyone...I didn't love him. And now....I know I'm in that will, I know, I was there with him, we were all there together when we made that fucking thing and all the money I'II get -- I don't want it -- Because I love him so much now...I've fallen in love with him now, for real, as he's dying, and I look at him and he's about to go, Alan, he's dead...he's moments... I took care of him through this, Alan. And What Now Then? -- I have something to tell you. I have to tell you something. I want to change his will, can I change his will?...I need to --- Like a shrink, like if I go to see a shrink, I'm protected, I can say things -- fuck -- I don't know what I'm doing -- If I talk to you...y'know...if I tell you things...then you're a lawyer, right? You can't say things, you can't tell anyone, it's like the privelage, right? Attornery-client, you understand? No...I just... I'm so fucked up here Alan, I don't know...there's so much...so many things -- Tell him I'm sorry, ok, yes, you do that, now, I'm sorry, tell him, for all the things I've done...I fucked up and I'm sorry.... And I'm Gonna Turn Away And Walk Now And Not Look At Him Not See My Man, My Earl, I'll leave now...and tell him it's ok and I'm ok. The whole thing was ok with me -- and I know. listen...listen to me now, Phil: I'm sorry, sorry I slapped your face. ...because I don't know what I'm doing... ...I don't know how to do this, y'know? You understand? y'know? I...I'm...I do things and I fuck up and I fucked up....forgive me, ok? Can you just... BULLSHIT. BULLSHIT HE DIDN'T ASK YOU, HE DOESN'T WANT HIM, HE DOESN'T WANT TO TALK TO HIM, SO FUCK YOU THAT HE ASKED THAT. THERE IS NO ONE BUT ME AND HIM. You don't do that, you don't call him, you don't know to get involved in the bussiness of his, of his of my family. this is the family , me and him do you understand? You understand? NO ONE ELSE. THERE IS NO ONE ELSE. That man, his son does not exist. HE IS DEAD. HE IS DEAD and WHO TOLD YOU TO DO THAT? PUT THE FUCKIN' PHONE DOWN, HANG IT UP. Hang up the phone. What are you doing? I COME IN HERE - YOU DON'T KNOW, YOU DON'T KNOW WHO THE FUCK I AM OR WHAT MY LIFE IS AND YOU HAVE THE FUCKING BALLS, THE INDECENCY TO ASK ME A QUESTION ABOUT MY LIFE -- You motherfucker...you motherfucker.... YOU FUCKING ASSHOLE, WHO THE FUCK ARE YOU? WHO THE FUCK DO YOU THINK YOU ARE? ...I don't.... mmmhmm. Hi.THAT'S NOT MINE. THERE'S NO ONE IN MY MOTHERFUCKIN CLOSET AND STAY OUT OF MY BEDROOM, STAY OUT OF MY GOD DAMN BEDROOM. THERE'S NO ONE IN THERE! THERE'S NO ONE IN THERE. STAY OUT OF MY MOTHERFUCKIN BEDROOM. WHAT'S THIS? WHAT'S THIS? GOD DAMN BULLSHIT. BULLSHIT. DON'T PUT THOSE -- I don't have to do a god damn thing. I didn't hear anything. It's ten o'clock in the morning -- No. No. Mischief? What the fuck you talkin' about, mischief? It's a free country, you can think anything you want. I went out last night. I said: I DON'T KNOW. You can't just come in here and start pokin' around -- I don't know a loud crash. I didn't do anything. I preffer to stand. Marcie. No I Said. I live alone. No. I said that. You're here. What does it look like? I don't have to answer your questions. I AM CALM. You don't tell me, I know my rights, just come right in, you can't -- There's no disturbance. There's no disturbance. I am calm. You're just come in -- You can't just come in here. What? What? What now?Are you alright? We're on the air in twenty minutes, Jimmy. You want her right now? I'm sorry. Rose is on the phone and here's the cards for today --Are you ok? What happend to you? Come and tell me it's over and I'll walk away, Jimmy. I've fucked you behind your wife's back for three years, and you've fucked teenage girls behind mine for the same amount of time -- I'll walk away, you need something for your life, for your conscience, but don't put me in the middle -- Well can you do me one favor and don't do that. Will you say my name? Are you gonna tell her what you've done? You're making me feel so dirty and shitty. I feel like a big piece of shit right now. All your other fluzzies? -- that you shouldn't have done? That you regret, what? This? What's this? Fuck, man, c'mon. Treat me like an asshole, but treat me like an asshole . Then what? Did your wife find out? What the fuck is this, Jimmy?Total is $15.29. Thirty minutes or less. Do you still want the peanut butter, bread and cigarettes ? yeah, I said. Is that it? yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Ok. Bottled Water? mmm.hmm. Mmm.Hmmm. What would you like? Partridge? Phone number. Pink Dot.You should know better. No. Yes you do. You deserve to die alone for what you've done. Yes you do....you do and you won't say. But you can't say.... ...Jimmy... Jimmy, did you touch her? Did you ever touch her? I'm asking you. I'm asking you if you know why Clauida will not speak to you....please, Jimmy....tell me. ...say it, Jimmy... I think that you know. Why doesn't Claudia talk to you, Jimmy? I'm not through asking my questions. I'm not mad. I am, but I'm not. Y'know? Do you feel better now that you've said this? Well maybe. Do you have any children with anyone? Is it over 'cause you're sick? What about now? How long with Paula? How long with Ellen? No one else that I know? hey. Who? Was there anyone that I know? I don't hate you, Jimmy. But I have a couple questions that I wanna ask.... How many times....it's ok...just say... Just say... Yeah. The question isn't wether or not you cheated on me, the question is how many times have you cheated on me? ...No...I don't hate you. Do you want talk...do you really want to talk to me and say things and get things figured out, Jimmy? You feel like you want to be forgiven for your sins? Honey, you're not on your death bed, yet....this kinda talk's gonna get you in trouble -- No. No. You're my handsome man. We just do it...we do it and we figure it out and we do as we do, I guess... It'll take the pain away. Bye. I love you. Did you tell her? -- did she talk to you? Come home soon after the show. Slowly or quickly? How you doing?