Can I help you? ...not very fancy... house needs  repairs... We haven't had a man around  here for so long... You're early... it's not ready. What  happened? Who was that? I think it's like... inquisitive. Man, you see him a lot. And it's  very wrong to reveal it. Next you'll  be saying what his problem is. You're terrible. I'm never telling  you anything. How long you been in this town? Four months, two and a half weeks --  that's how long. And you've already got more patients  than those other two shrinks combined. Look at that guy... You know who that is, don't you? You really don't? That's Skip  Skipperton, man. He gets himself hit  by a truck, this whole town shuts  down. So, what makes you so popular? What's  your secret? Not sure. Let me think about it. Psychologist. He's not medical. ...so he already had the tattoo that  said, "Naomi Forever"... and now  they're broken up, see, and he has  to have it removed. But while the  scar is still healing, or whatever  you call it when you have a tattoo  removed, he meets Chandra. And it's  serious, immediate love. So in no  time, he's gone from the most gorgeous  model in the world to the most  gorgeous actress in North America. In maybe three or four issues. Monthly! God, how shallow do you  think Brad is? Why do I waste my  time telling you this stuff? Don't do that thing... ...that shrink thing. You really need to let people smoke  in here, you know. It's perverse.  What are they paying you to see me? The school board doesn't pay you?  What kind of deal is that? Pro boner? Pro bono, huh? For whose good,  supposedly? Fuck the community. There was this article my friends  and I read. It was "25 Signs He's  Great in Bed". It was very  fascinating. Where?... The New York Times. The  first one was -- "he handles produce  well." Which we already knew! The point is, you have a lot of the  signs. Have women found you attractive? I knew you wouldn't answer. I've  been thinking about what you said  last time. How me trying to lose  weight -- and constantly not -- is  like a lot of people with addictions.  How maybe I can't lose the weight,  ever... Which we already knew... It's a really weird thing for a shrink  to say... and then you said maybe  people'd be happier if they'd accept  that some things don't change --  that it'd be some kind of a relief  or something... Well, I guess I'm just a dumb bitch,  but how depressing is that moment --  the moment when you give up? Not at all. It takes guts, Lionel. What do they want from me? What have I done that's so wrong? They act as though they don't have  their own peculiar things... They  do! Believe me. Everybody's got  something... Even you probably have things. Why are they ganging up against me? It's the kids, you know, not Jeremy.  He had nothing to do with this --  except pay, of course. He's always  willing to pay. He's extremely  generous. I'm so humiliated that my own children  would threaten me. They said if I didn't get help, they  wouldn't deal with me any more. What do you think about that? Mmmmfffstttubll abbittmm. I said... you must come out to the  house for dinner on Thursday. Yes. Jeremy will be home for the  weekend. And you can meet the kids. Doc. Ainge... I'd better not, I'll fall right to  sleep. I think it's too soon for me  to be sleeping with you. Oh, lord. It's almost too exhausting  to tell you... ...about my exhaustion. I didn't  really want to come. I'm not hopeful  right now. But I couldn't take the  look on my dad's face. He's a truly  kind person, which is pretty  extraordinary if you knew the story.  He's the opposite of me, I guess --  all stamina and resolve. About six months ago, I guess it is  now. God, it seems like years. What  a bore! I'm embarrassed by it. Before  this happened -- when I'd hear people  talk about this kind of thing -- I  thought it was a bunch of bullshit. You think that now! You think it's a  bunch of hooey, don't you? I saw it. I saw it in your eyes. That's okay. Maybe it is. My mother  always says -- "Everything that's  wrong with you is in your head." I  suppose that's true. No... but it started one year to the  day after my divorce became final.  That's not too suspicious, is it?...  But it wasn't like I was feeling bad  about the divorce. Just the opposite. Hmm? Is that a professional opinion? Even if you don't think it's real? What would you do? I don't know. I barely made it today. I don't think I can afford it. I  don't want my dad paying. You have the best answer for  everything. You seem so... hopeful. Are you always  this sunny? Is it contagious? 'Cause everyone  agrees my immune system's way down. Can I ask you something? Didn't you tell my dad you didn't  think it was a good idea to come to  the patient? So what changed? -- sorry everything's in such an  uproar. Lots of big occasions coming  up, and of course Christmas is only  eight months away -- -- I don't know what's keeping Jeremy.  You know he stays in the city three  nights a week -- I guess I explained  that... ...I know Katie's here, but I'm not  so sure about Martin... I'm making  dinner myself tonight, so I'll have  to leave you, I'm afraid... I'm awful I know, but will you please  help yourself. I just got a new copper  sauciere from Williams-Sonoma and  I'm afraid it'll be the death of us  all if I don't get back in there... You're the doctor, aren't you? C'mere. Quick... c'mon! Cuddledown... Linen & Lace... Scully  & Scully... Smith & Hawken... Plow &  Hearth... Museum of Modern Art...  Smithsonian Museum... J. Crew...  Wolferman's... Hold Everything...  Nieman Marcus... Coldwater Creek...  Garnett Hill... Norm Thompson...  Victoria's Secret... Sharper Image...  Hammacher Schlemmer... I showed him. I'll be back. Ainge! Ainge! Do we run into the street? No, I  didn't think so. Nice car. How's that place? And the Brocketts? It was insane here, man. 'Hadda call  in the National Guard. Then I did my laundry... watched Shocking. Did you know the government  is wasteful? You heard it here first. Oh, and  being a supermodel... it's no walk  in the park. No gentleman caller, Doc. Not that I care. I've had it with  men. They're so fascinated by their  own crap. Took me four years to get  the last one out. Almost turned me  into a dyke... These days my idea of  a hot date is a long shower by myself  before bed. Now that feels good. And  you don't have to do all that...  listening. Oops... sorry. I guess that's the  story of your life. I'm not making any promises. Oh boy... this should be interesting. Hello, Mother. I want you to meet  Dr. Mumford. Mumford... like the town? What's happening here? We're going for a walk. Do you think that's a good idea? Dr. Mumford does, yes. I've put myself  completely in his hands. For today,  anyway. What kind of doctor are you? Oh... not a real doctor. We'd better go or I'm liable to bail  on the whole thing. Mom's such a cutie. She's not in a bad mood. She's like  that all the time. It doesn't bother me anymore. It's  my dad and my brother I worry about. Is that the technical description of  what I've got? We don't discuss it. Oh, we've all disappointed her. Me,  especially, but Dad, of course. She  thinks my brother's all right, but  she didn't expect much. It's what  happens when you "marry beneath  yourself"... What? You've got a funny idea of funny. No. Is this the treatment? 'Cause I'll tell you, none of the  others have tried this approach. Hey, 'Just do it!' I'm embarrassed. The list is so long. Well... I'm tired all the time,  obviously. I always feel like taking  a nap. But when I try to sleep, I  have trouble. My muscles ache. And my joints. I  feel like an old person, or like I  did back when I used to work out too  hard... What else?... Uh-huh. Yes, yes, and definitely yes. Also...  I get confused. Where? I don't know if I mentioned the  headaches. No, not really. They're about the  same. My marriage was one long  headache. Is that like a party trick? You actually address yourself by  name in your thoughts? So you really think having two  opposing ideas in your head does  some kind of damage? Well then, my life has been some  kind of huge rip. ...get off my case! You don't like  any of my friends... ...so we get on this incredible steam  engine train that runs up into the  mountains... ...and this trip is everything it's  cracked up to be... an open car,  great views, the mountain air blowing  through. We're sitting there, married  for six years, and he says how he  likes it better when I put my hair  back... That wasn't so good. I don't know if I'm going to make it  the whole way. Oh... this makes me sound irrational,  which is probably right, but there  was something about him saying this --  it was maybe the millionth time he'd  told me about some preference of  his. Well, I was so... tired of it. Seems like my whole life someone's  been telling me... I'm just not  getting it right. Can we rest for a  second? You're purposely making me talk while  we do this... ...because you think this is good  for me... ...and you're a sadistic bastard... ...who thinks there's nothing really  wrong with me. That was really bad, wasn't it? And I'll bet you can interpret the  whole thing I hate those dreams where everything  means something. No, that'd be a good story, but that  was just the beginning of the end.  We went on for another year or so. So whose route is this? And he's where? I'm thinking a gal could make a good  living doing this. How hard could it  be squeezing out some fourteen year  old? It's all right. And this is legitimate therapy? Isn't she amazing? That is such a  wicked look. Just chill for a second. Look at  this guy, it appears he's actually  dead... but gorgeous. What are you doing? We're not done.  I just need to find the thing... I want to have the session. I thought  it would be cool if I could show you  some of the things that interest me.  But I guess you're not into it...  which we already knew. What are you talking about? These appointments were not my idea,  remember. I don't think you know what you're  talking about. This shrink school you went to...  did you hear about it on an  infomercial? I want to live in the world these  people are in. No one ever says  anything in there, have you noticed?  So they're very cool. Like they're  all really deep. It's when people  start talking that everything goes  to shit. There's this kid at school... Martin  Brockett. He has some gigantic idea  of himself that no one else shares.  You wouldn't believe the crap he  lays on me... Who appointed him my  spiritual leader? If he has everything  so figured out how come his best  friend is a .22 rifle? And why's he  spend all his time chasing after me?  Probably thinks I'm gonna give him a  hummer... No. I don't know what he wants. But  I know I don't like being watched.  Nobody's ever paid any attention to  what I did, and I liked it just fine.  Where does he get off telling me I  disrespect myself? Fuck him. Look in a mirror, bozo. They come through a few times each  year. Hello, Mrs. Saito, good to see you  again! It's a tour. You're on your own today, honey. It's a pleasure to meet you. Oh? I've seen you going by on your board,  but I didn't realize -- you're so  young... to be so... ...so accomplished. I'd better get in there. It's okay. They pre-order. There's a  choice of three entrees. Meat loaf, turkey quesadillas, or  salad nicoise. You do? Well, come on in. -- The argument had nothing to do  with it. I had ordered some books. "The 100  Greatest Books Ever Written." Oh, all the great writers --  Shakespeare, Charles Dickens, Moby  Dick... those people. Each is bound  in genuine premium leather with 22  carat gold accents. It's a magnificent  set -- and only $33.50 per volume.  Right away you get Great Expectations  for just $6.99. It's irrelevant. It had nothing to  do with what happened. We argued on Sunday. He went to work  on Monday and stayed in the city  during the week, like always. But on  Thursday, when he normally comes  home, he didn't. Didn't call either.  Not till Saturday afternoon. It's happened before. I'm shocked by how little I'm feeling.  I can't understand it. I'll probably have a complete  depressoid collapse soon, won't I? He said he wasn't coming back. He  said it wasn't working for him any  more. That it hadn't "worked for  him" for quite a while... You know  what I regret the most? I'm sorry I  let him make the kids take his name.  He was an acquirer. He liked to acquire things. You think that has something to do  with my problem? Ordering all those  things?... ...Like I was on some kind of campaign  to out-acquire him... ...If I was just an acquisition to  him, and he lost interest once he  had me -- That can't be it. It's too simple.  And besides, I still like it. This  morning I ordered a marble turtle  cheese board from The Horchow  Collection. Can I tell you something just awful?  You know how people who are just  assholes will sometimes look at a  woman who's got problems and say,  "What she needs is a good shtupping!"? Well, there may be something to that.  Jeremy didn't keep up his end -- Oh,  what difference does it make? Why do I feel elated? Am I in denial?  You know what it feels like?... I know my time's up, but I've got to  get this out while I've got hold of  it -- -- When I was in high school, the  thing I wanted most, when I was stuck  in class, the thing I was always  desperately in pursuit of -- was a  hall pass. That's all I wanted. I  loved moving freely around the school  while everybody else was trapped in  there... And that's how I feel right  now... Like I have some giant, all- day hall pass. My god, did it just get hot in here  or what? See you next time. I'll probably be  a basket case by then. "There's no shame in getting a little  therapy", right, Doc? Hello, Mr. Follett. Have a good  session. Bye, Doc. Stop it! He's a kid. I'm old enough  to be his... older sister. -- We've met. Sofie's not here. What'd you want? What? I think we have a right. Keep it zipped, Ben. Finally, some common sense... I think you know what I mean. I think you do. Why don't you go to hell? It's all a  bunch of nonsense and you know it. You're telling me? That's rich... -- the problem is you're a big fake.  You haven't got a clue what's wrong  with that girl. Take a hike, Dr. Quack! When I was in high school we used to  come up here and make out. I liked  to sit on the rock and watch the sun  go down. Which thing? Why'd you come to the house the other  night? My brother said you were about to  fire me. I bet I know what changed your mind... ...My mother. She was so horrible,  you decided you couldn't desert me. That's the cut-off, isn't it? I know why you were going to quit  seeing me. You feel like a fake, an imposter... ...as if maybe you don't know what  you're doing. Everybody feels that way sometimes...  like we're not who we're supposed to  be. But I have to tell you, Dr.  Mumford -- -- you've been a tremendous help to  me. I can't tell you how much I admire  you. You have a wonderful way with  people. And you're very insightful.  I feel like you've seen me clearly...  I never used to admit what a horrible  person my mother was. You've made  that possible for me. Yes! And my ex-husband -- he never  accepted me for who I was, just like  Mother. The things you've said have  helped me understand what a dick he  is. You're shockingly honest, that's  what makes you great. I've never had  a man treat me this way. With you, I  feel really... listened to. Can I tell you something? It's a  little embarrassing, but I feel very  unguarded with you. Thanks to this therapy, I now know  what I'm looking for. I need to find  a man like you. Not one who's treating me, of course. And I'm going to do it, dammit! You've  given me the confidence. ...I mean, Doc, the dude is seriously  deluded. I said that to him, I said,  "If you think I'm gonna do all that  shit for you, man, you are seriously  deluded." He said -- "Which we already knew!" First off, he tells me to stop smoking  cigarettes. I told him abso-fuckin'- lutely no. As you can see -- Then he says stop smoking dope. No  again. So then he says he doesn't  want me getting together with any  other guys... ...What balls on this guy? What're  we... ...going steady? Jesus. I said I'd consider it. Nobody owns  me. And the last thing was insane. I  don't know what's wrong with him...  No magazines. I don't know if I can quit. We're  gonna try it together, like, you  know, AA or something. And I made  him give up his .22. No more sneaking  around the hills with his fucking  nut gun like some loony tune. He's pitiful, Doc, a goddam puppy. I  don't know how much longer I can put  up with it. I already got two arms  and legs, I don't need another  appendage. Oops... gotta go! I need to talk to you... Doctor. Can  I come in? We haven't met in this office since  that first time. This is how a real  professional and his client are  supposed to see each other. It might've been more appropriate if  we had followed a traditional approach  to the doctor-patient relationship. Yes, something's very wrong, Dr.  Mumford. How intuitive! That must take years  of training right there. Maybe you  can guess what has upset me. No, it is not something I've heard  about you! It is someth-- Why? Is there something I should  have heard about you? May I? All right... I'm going to come right  out and say this, because that's  what your shrink is for, right, so  you can tell him what's bothering  you? First of all, I have been feeling  much better lately. I don't know if  the syndrome is over -- if it's just  run its course or something -- but I  feel a hundred per cent better than  when I first came to you. Given that, I'm obviously not going  to be judging things in the most  realistic way. I'm saying that since I'm doing so  much better -- which I attribute to  you -- I'm liable to misinterpret  some of my feelings. The point is this -- I am not a blank  page. I did not just fall off the  turnip truck. Do you know what I  mean? I know a little about psychology. I  took three different courses in  college. It's true, none of them  were above the two hundred level,  but I took them... And there was one  concept I remember very well. Transference! Yes, and that is what I have got  right now. I have taken my feelings  of gratitude... and relief... and  transferred them onto... you. I have  taken all those warm, grateful  emotions and confused them with  feelings for you... So that now I am  under the delusion... ...that I am in love with you. Hello? I think you can understand why I  have some serious questions about  your methods. I mean, obviously it  becomes much more likely that I'm  going to have confusion about this  when your idea of treatment is to go  walking in the woods and up to make- outs-ville and do all these highly  romantic activities -- -- We had a paper route together,  for godssake! Do you understand how  I might be a little resentful? Knowing  that this so-called "love" I'm feeling  is totally bogus, and just a pathetic  case of... transference? Maybe you ought to think about how  you're going to fix this. And when  you do... ...please get back to me. Doc... Doc. I don't want you to be mad at Skip... Skip and I wouldn't have got together  if it weren't for you. That's a big  deal. I want to give you something. Will  you let me? Yes, you do, you damn well do. Here it is, some advice -- do the  hard thing. Clean up the mess. No matter what it  takes. Too bad. That's tough, I mean it.  I'm not unsympathetic. But Skip says  you're in love. Then it's worth it. ...we didn't talk much after our  folks died, but I know he felt his  life had taken a wrong turn... I'd like to know if he's alive. If  he is, I just hope he's happy and  his new life is... ...well, I hope he's found what he  was looking for... Well, look who's here... Just who is here, can you tell me? No, you can not. I wouldn't know who  to say is calling. Mother... I could see right through you from  the start, you imposter. I know what  you're after. I knew it then and I  know it now! Mother... Sofie. It's so obvious... you're  after my daughter. It'll never happen! You're in big  trouble, mister. Mother... go away! Which show was that? Part of it. We were watching "ER"  until someone called. Do you know what a betrayal this  is?... ...How violated I feel? You feel violated? You deserve it. I should be irate. I am irate! But nothing... I'm mad as hell. This  is a terrible thing you've done. What? I don't know. Depends. I'm in a bad  mood. Oh. I sort of do... ...but first, you have to tell me  something... What is your name? You got off easy. We're only talking about six weeks. Of course... I haven't got the energy  to get out of town that fast. 