She knew what she was signing on for After all, she took the money. Don't insult me with your cute press quotes Save it for Louella. We've known each other too long, Orson. Sling the bullshit elsewhere. Of being found out. Of not being a genius You're just scared. It's gonna be fine, Orson. You're gonna do great. So you ever gonna do a picture? Last week would this be? Marion, everyone knows you're not like that-- Uh-huh Thinking like that is only gonna drive you nuts You were a great star and you had a good run. That oughta be enough. Sure And he did. Sure you can, just-- Listen, you come down and stay with us for a few days. Just tell the old man that-- Mm. Yeah, Orson's a real piece of work. But deep down, he's a good kid. Real deep down. Why don't you come down to LA? Stay with us for a while. You need to get outta here, Rapunzel Houdini mice.I want blood He looked into my face and told me it wasn't about you. He lied to me Sir, I- Sir? Sir? Thank you, sir. She begins to leave The drinking. The jigsaw puzzles and the, urn, career -- the man spending a fortune to make her a star -- only it's opera and not movies. And... It's all you. It has the political campaigns and the mining fortune and the war with Pulitzer and the castle. And ... Marion. Orson, hold on. Look into my eyes. Tell me you are not doing Hearst. A delicious amalgamation, is it? You're not doin' Hearst, are you? Now, Orson, you know I'm just dyin' to see your picture and I know it's gonna be boffo, but you're writing about a publisher, right? Huh? You are talking to him. And Mr. Hearst has authorized me to tell you that you're looking at the most beautiful lawsuit in history if you release this picture. He'll bleed your little studio dry and you can all go on back to New York and do Shakespeare with the Boy Wonder. Nix, sweetie. You shelve it That's right, fella, no Hearst paper will run an RKO ad until you agree that CITIZEN KANE will never see the light of day. Uh-huh That's right Cut the malarkey, buddy. The boss himself wants me to see the picture today. I wanna see the picture today You drink at 10 am, do you? Schaefer, I gotta see this Welles pictureBut I am That's the killer, honey. The character that's supposed to be me, Susan Alexander-- You know this CITIZEN KANE picture? About Pops and everything? Yeah. But all of a sudden it's not Thing that bothers me now, though, looking back is that I really think I could have been something ... special. I did my best but, well, you know me When I met him I was just 20. And he was 55. I saw the gold ring and just grabbed on. And he was going to make me a star. He needs me here. I can't And attractive in a hammy sort of way. Mr. Welles certainly is a caution It's not so bad here. After all, what girl doesn't want to live in a castle? With about twenty of his spies on my tail. No thanks. That's why he has the parties, he says it's like bringing the world to me. God, these parties are the worst And we would hear them scuttling around at night with their little red eyes and little yellow t-t- teeth and I'm just imagining plague lice jumpin' all over the damn place So we set t-t-traps everywhere. And every morning we would find the t-t-traps sprung but no mice! I don't want you to-- I just want to understand-- Fuck you, Mr. Kane. Tough shit. We need to t-t-talk about this-- You will not walk out on me But why? Just so you can show it all off -- just so everyone can see what a b-b-big man you are?! There's a different between want and Did you need it? Did you need any of it? I know where Deauville is for C-C-Christ's sake. That -- did you need that? How much did that cost? You don't need it! That's the problem you always think you need everything-- You don't have any money left, okay?! That's the truth. I don't wanna say it, nobody else will say it, but it's the truth. You spent it all. You can't buy the Tribune in Chicago -- you can't buy ^ g-g- goddamn thing. Now you better face up to it-- You gotta wake up now. Pops. I'm not asking you to defend anything. But we're in a pickle and we gotta talk about it. A million dollars a year on art and st-st-statues and there's nothing to explain?! Then you explain it to me?! I am not that woman. Bought and p-p-paid for. Just like one of his goddamn statues. Well at least in the movie he married her! Nailed us, hub? The crazy old man and his whore. Well -- he got us, didn't he? She stands and goes quickly to pour a drink. A forced laugh How does one get 125 million dollars in debt? We're 125 million dollars in debt? How much? How much? Pops How bad is it? Don't You oughta lay off him -- he is the p-p-president, after all. Nuts. She only cares about the money. She thinks I'll make you cut her out of the w-w-w-w... will. There. That's right. This is supposed ta be Siam or some such. Some kinda lousy B-B-Balinese temple. This look like a temple to you? I can't see it myself-- There certainly is I There certainly is! Aw, to hell with you! Goddamn it. I gotta have some kinda life! As I said I have some j-j-j-j- that I might wish t-t-to sell and I wanted an estimate-- Thank you -- b-b-but I'd really like t-t-to-- Thank you- Yes. I, um, need an estimate on some jewelry I might wish to sell. But d-d-discretion is very important to me b-b-because I don't want anyone t-t-to, um, know that--