This is Mr. Mathison. He's a doctor. An ambulance is on the way. Elijah. Is he supposed to be crying like that? Can I have him back? Nothing. It was very quick. The baby just wanted to come right out. There was no problems. Jesus Christ, no. It's my field. I represent athletes. I'm an agent. I'm meeting a player from Temple University. He's a cornerback. You like football? This kid is six foot two, two hundred and forty pounds. He runs the fifty in under six seconds. He's going to be a God. Kelly. Sorry. What are you talking about? I'm going to find another seat. You okay, Virginia? I'll put something on the t.v. Maybe we'll find some almost naked guys to inspire you. Not a lot. What does that mean? I don't want to drag this out too long for Jeremy. It stopped being our room a long time ago. You should go up and get some rest. We'll play the water pistol game next. Elijah... No more sitting in this room. I've let it go on long enough. You can't do anything about that. You might fall between that chair and this television. If that's what God has planned for you, that's what's going to happen. You can't hide from it in your room. ...You make this decision now to be afraid... And you'll never turn back your whole life. You'll always be afraid. ...I got a present for you. Forget why. Do you want it or not? Well, go get it then. On a bench, across the street. You calling me a liar? Then you better get out there soon. I bought a whole bunch. They'll be one of these waiting for you, every time you want to come out here. They said this one has a surprise ending. Not often, but it is possible. Most people get scared when they see the shadow of their limits. They don't know how long the shadow really is. They don't know how far away the real limits are standing... They stop out of fear. This is kind of strange isn't it? We're not even acting like ourselves. Like that. Your mouth's dirty. You tapped your napkin to your lips. You only do that when you're with someone you don't know. You use your sleeve. Megan? I thought it was you. Hi. This is Claire. Her son is in Jeremy's class. Claire and I worked on the school food drive together. I'm very happy about this. Megan mentioned to me she was considering dating again. I'm sorry, what's your name? David? This is my husband. I am so sorry. He ate about six of those chocolate covered doughnut holes with his milk. He said he only had three, but I know he had six. My parents sleep in separate beds. By the way, Jeremy went to sleep in his room tonight. Thanks. Elijah right? We're going to prevent any substantial atrophy of your good leg with this. It works the quadriceps. Twelve years. A car accident. ...See my husband was a big football star in college and we were in an accident together. Our car flipped on an icy road. We were both injured. He couldn't play football anymore. If that hadn't happened, we wouldn't have been together. Football wasn't the kind of life I wanted... For ten years I'd be by the phone waiting for a call telling me he broke his neck in a practice game. And if it wasn't that call, it would be a call telling me he blew out his knee or suffered his third concussion. I've seen way too much of it in my job... I can barely take it when my clients are in pain. I don't hate the game. I admire the amount of skill it involved and, like everyone else, I was in awe of how he could play it, but I couldn't give him my heart and then have something happen to him. And it always does with that game. It's not a thing many people would understand. Any way, fate stepped in and took football out of the equation. Sort of. Who said my husband's name is David? Choose. And what was that explanation? Is that your dad? I bet my dad can beat up you dad. ...No, he insisted we only call you. Though it took us a while to track down your number. It's not on file here. What stuff is that? It's more emotional damage. It wasn't very serious physically. Nothing like when I sent you to the hospital. My office was on the other side of the building back then. You don't remember me do you? I had red hair. I think you were a little younger than Jeremy when it happened. Did you know we changed the conduct rules of the pool because of you? The kids still talk about it like some ghost story..."Did you know there was a kid that almost drowned in the pool? He got pneumonia and almost died." We let them tell it... It helps keep them safe. Are you still phobic of water? He's just laying in bed. He's pretty upset. He won't talk. It's weird to hear you tell me about Jeremy. A good weird. Yes. Oh. Elijah Price came to visit me at the center today. He didn't do anything. He just told me his theory... It's sad when patients get like that. They loose reality. Jeremy what the hell are you doing? You don't believe. I'll show you... You can't get hurt. -Oh my God. -Sometimes when people are sick or hurt for a long time, like Elijah, they're mind gets hurt too. -They start to think things that aren't true. He hold me what he thought about your father. It isn't true. -I'll show you. -Jeremy, your father was injured in college - you know that. You know all about that. -Don't do it. He'll die Jeremy. -I'll just shoot him once. The sitter's here. We can do this another time if you want? I'm fine with anything. Is that what that smell is? Rust? I didn't know that. Mine's still brown. Soft and Wet, by the Artist Formerly Known as Prince. We're supposed to be honest. My turn. When was the first time the thought popped into your head that we might not make it? It's a second date. There aren't any rules. Think carefully? It's finished. I won. Maybe it wasn't a specific moment, maybe it- Do you knowingly keep Jeremy and me at a distance? Why? It's like you resent us David. Resent the life you have. You know even if it meant we couldn't be together, I would never have wished that injury on you? What you could so physically was a gift. I would never have wished it to go away. You know that right? I know. You got two calls. One came through while I was on the line - I wasn't talking too long. There was an emergency with my sister. She tried to do her own perm and now she looks like- Someone from New York. About a security job at a museum. They want to hire you. I didn't know you guys were moving to New York. Thanks for telling me. We're not moving. Oh. I let the answering machine pick up the other call. Great. Look let's be honest here. We're just at the beginning. I don't expect you or I to change the course of where our lives were headed because of two dates. If you do go to New York, we can still develop this. We'll just be forced to take it slow. And in the end, that's definitely better. This is our second time around David. I don't expect us to get carried away. I guess congratulations is the right thing to say. ...See the villain's eyes. They're larger than the other characters'. They insinuate a slightly skewed perspective of how they see the world. Just off normal. That's what I said to my son. He said, there's always two kinds. The soldier villain who fights the hero with his hands, and then there's the real threat. The brilliant and evil arch enemy who fights the hero with his mind. I am. I'm helping him with the sale. He's spoken of you. He says you're becoming friends. I'm very proud of him. He's been through a lot in his life. A lot of ups and downs, a lot of bad spells. A couple I'd thought had broken him... I mean emotionally. They were bad... But he made it. Yes he did. Yes he is. I'll tell him you're here. 