You killed the doctor too soon, you fool! It was Feyd? It was Feyd! Where is the ducal signet ring? I must have his ring. I made my peace gesture... the forms of Kanly have been obeyed. What does Leto say, Piter? Piter.What's that you're saying? What happens now? My thanks. I understand we have you to thank for these stillsuits, Doctor. This is my son, Paul. So you are Dr. Kynes, the Imperial Ecologist?We are alone... He will not permit anyone but me to see him. You must be outside this room.... Do what you can. Yes? I shall want telepathy during his visit and a report when we're finished. A Third Stage Guild Navigator will be here within minutes! I can assure you... Can you hear me?... If this visit has anything to do with spice... -- The Guild Navigator shudders and swishes quite violently in his tank. Yes. Yes. Oh yes? -- NAVIGATOR Better than those on Richesse.. You are transparent... I see many things... I see plans within plans. Yes?... How was your journey?Dust cloud ahead, Sire. Yes, Sire. Sire! The Duke is to be addresses as... -- Kynes comes forward and adjusts the Duke's suit, checking seals and pulling on straps. I hope I made myself clear. You may call him "The Duke," "My lord," or "Sire." And there is a more ancient term you might keep in mind -- "Noble Born." This is a Harkonnen animal. Let me, please, my Lord. My Lord? They said you were dead. They said... Paul!! Paul!! Yes. I sensed the play in you lad, but this can no longer be play. Tomorrow we leave for Arrakis! Arrakis is real. The Harkonnens are real. If you'd fought one whit below your abilities I'd have scratched you a good one. We'd have joined each other in death. However, you did seem to finally get the "mood". Good... the slow blade penetrates the shield... but look down. Not sorry enough. Not in the mood?! Mood's a thing for cattle and love play... not fighting. No music. I'm packing this for the crossing. Shield practice.Nothing. The carryall will come and lift off the spice harvester. Try and get in close over the harvester... you'll find this interesting Sire. -- The Duke accelerates the ornithopter in the direction of the harvester. Paul can SEE... With your permission... They are Fremen suits. I hope they fit well, my lord. I prefer the more ancient term, planetologist... Noble Born. That's it... spice mining... no other cloud quite like it. See the spotters over it? They're watching for wormsign... the telltale sand waves. Seismic probes on the surface, too Sire... worms can travel too deep for their waves to show... Looks like a good patch of spice. It's a high-efficiency filter and heat exchange system. Perspiration passes through the first layer and is gathered in the second. The salt is separated. Breathing and walking provide the pumping action. The reclaimed water circulates to catchpockets from which you can drink through this tube at your neck. Urine and feces are processed in the thigh pads. Should you be in the open desert, remember to breathe in through your mouth, out through the nose tubes. Basically... Play out your little comedy while you can off-worlders... So, this is Leto the Just... You are about to witness something few have seen -- watch! Watch! Bless the Maker and his water... Bless the coming and going of him. May his passage cleanse the world. To protect their territory. Vibrations attract them. -- PAUL I've registered him now... a knife is a sheath on his left arm... He's strong... a person born to command... He's hiding many things. Is there a relationship between the worms and the spice? Always. Where there is spice and spice mining there are always worms. That it is. He shall know your ways as if born to them. Your suit is fitted desert fashion. Who told you how to do that? You've worn a stillsuit before? I am a servant of the His Majesty the Emperor. I have served His Majesty on Arrakis long enough for my eyes to change.My lady, when one has lived with prophecy for so long, the moment of revelation is a shock. Say it not lightly... Do you know its meaning? Do you know this my lady? As the legend says. You know the ancient tongues?Do not interrupt!!! Do not speak lightly of the spice... ONE SMALL POINT... LISTEN TO ME!! The spice must flow... the spice has given me accelerated evolution for four thousand years... it has enabled you to live two hundred years... the spice helps make the sapho juice, which gives the red-lipped mentats the ability to be living computers... the secret side of spice... the water of life. So the Harkonnens will rid you of House Atreides... You must share with us. -- EMPEROR The Atreides house is building a secret army!... using a technique unknown to us... a technique involving sound. The Duke is becoming more popular in the Landsraad... he could threaten me.... I have ordered House Atreides to occupy Arrakis to mine the spice... thus replacing their enemies the Harkonnens.... House Atreides will not refuse because of the tremendous power they think they will gain. Then, at an appointed time Baron Harkonnen will return to Arrakis and launch a sneak attack on House Atreides... I have promised the Baron five legions of my Sardaukar terror troops. I see two Great Houses -- House Atreides, House Harkonnen -- feuding... I see you behind it. Many machines on Ix... new machines. We have just folded space from Ix...The Emperor's blade. Let him stand free! Gurney... I see Thufir Hawat among the captives. Let him stand free. Don't you trust your own eyes. You've no need of your weapons with me Gurney Halleck. Things have been so serious here lately. Would you really have drawn my blood? Is this what you seek? What's gotten into Gurney? He's not faking. Paul presses forward and the fight moves quickly around the room. The smell of ozone grows stronger as the shields hit and SPARK off one another. Paul directs a parry downwards, turns, and leads Gurney against the table, plunging at just the right moment to pin Gurney against the table top with his blade right at Gurney's neck. I'm sorry Gurney. Shield practice? Gurney... we had practice -- this morning..... I'm not in the mood. You saw a part of what the race needs in the beginning. In time you perverted the truth. You sought to control human breeding and intermix a select few according to a selfish master plan. How little you understand. Yes... Someone started another thumper.... We're not alone. I know the secret. The worm is the spice... the spice is the worm. Cinnamon... the spice! Do you smell it? Run! Remember... walk without rhythm and we won't attract a worm... it'll go to the thumper. It's further than I thought... a worm is sure to come.... I'll plant a thumper, that should divert it. -- Paul moves off into the shadows. Suddenly, Jessica SEES a burst of LIGHTNING illuminate the mountain of rock in the distant and the vast dunes before them. You and your Bene Gesserit sisterhood... I'm not your Kwisatz Haderach... I'm something different, something unexpected! I'm a seed. I am so much more... You don't begin to know me... You carry my unborn sister in your womb! The spice! It's in everything here. The air, the soil, the food... It's like the Truthsayer drug..... It's a poison!!!! You knew the spice would change me. But thanks to your teachings it's changed my consciousness. I can see it... I can see it. Listen to me!... you wanted to know about my dreams... and I've just had a waking dream... do you know why?... -- JESSICA Calm yourself/ Where are my feelings... I feel for no one... The South Polar regions... the forbidden area. We must make it to that rock... I can't maintain any altitude... we'll never reach the safety of rock. Maybe that small rock. Remove her gag! Don't touch my mother... What does she fear? What about my Father? Liet? Spice!... pure un-refined spice! Why do they come? Always? Will we see a worm? No one. It... seemed the proper way. No. He's hiding something. Are you a Fremen? Long live the fighters! We surprised a band of smugglers. My own name is a killing word. Will it be a healing word as well? The most lethal poison in the Universe. Water on Arrakis!!! I have seen this place in a dream. A treasure. Could I be known as Paul Muad'dib? What do you call the mouse shadow in the second moon? SILENCE! Don't try your powers on me. Try looking into that place where you dare not look. You'll find me there staring back at you!! You Bene Gesserit have waited ninety generations to produce the one person your schemes required. Here I stand. But... I will never be yours. Did they try and fail? MOTHER! Tell me! Well he isn't... and he won't die... Tell me he won't die! I've heard enough of my safety... What about my father?... I heard you talking. You speak as if he was dead. Well, he isn't! Did they try and fail? I have heard of it. -- REVEREND MOTHER It is very dangerous... very painful. The Bene Gesserit sisterhood drink it to see within.... There is a place terrifying to us... to women. It is said a man will come... the Kwisatz Haderach... he will go where we cannot... Many men have tried... Where? What is it? Not all of them... I know which ones will. I see the truth of it. -- REVEREND MOTHER Could he be the one?... Maybe... but will he be ours to control? You know when people speak the truth? THE PAIN! I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear... I will permit it to pass over me and through me. -- The Reverend Mother moves her face up to his. Her ancient face with its metal teeth gleaming inches away breathes hotly. She is smiling. It burns. Are you suggesting a Duke's son is an animal? The Voice again. What's in the box? I know. But if it is a trap then why are we going? The Harkonnens are our enemies, yes... but behind them, I suspect, is the Emperor. -- THUFIR You will make a formidable Duke! My father sent you to test me. Music then? I'd know the difference. I heard you, Dr. Yueh and Gurney coming down the hall.The ring?... he was brought to us as is, Baron. I... He wishes to inform you that Vendetta -- as he puts it, using the ancient tongue, the art of Kanly -- is still alive. He does not wish to meet or speak with you. The Atreides will be leaving Caladan soon, Baron, and I have here your answer from Duke Leto. My Lord!Death may be the result.... Are you sure? Sayyadina. Our Reverend Mother tells me she is too old... She has been calling through space and time for you to come and let her rest. She asks that you pass within. Stop! Get back!! She has the weirding way. Why didn't you tell us! Great gods... if you can do this to the strongest of us you're worth ten times your weight of water. As a leader of my people I give you my bond: teach us this weirding way and you both shall have sanctuary. Your water shall mingle with our water. I will take the boy-man... he shall have sanctuary in my tribe... -- A LOW NOTE on a dip stick is blown by one of the Fremen tribe. Jessica shifts, Paul sees it, and just as Stilgar begins a reach for his weapon, Jessica turns, slashes out, utters a SOUND, whirls again and with rock behind her holds Stilgar helpless in front of her -- her hand at his throat. Paul moves on her first move. He races up a rocky incline. Are you trained in the ways of the desert? Perhaps these are the ones Mapes told us of. Long live the fighters! Too bad... thought they were Harkonnen. Usul... these are fifteen of our fiercest fighters to serve you as your guard... the Fedaykin. The Water of Life. Greater than treasure, Usul. We have thousands of such caches. Only a few of us know them all. When we have enough... we shall change the face of Arrakis. Listen!... You are Paul Muad'dib, and your mother shall be a Sayyadina among us.... We welcome you. We call that one Muad'dib. You have strength... real strength... You shall be known as Usul, which is the strength of the base of the pillar. This is your secret name in our troop. But you must choose the name of manhood which we will call you openly.We have our new army. Dr. Yueh, put the weirding module on him. Now remember... the first step in avoiding a trap is knowing of its existence. Many dangers exist on Arrakis. For one, we know the Harkonnens would not have given up their CHOAM company contract so easily. Yes. Perhaps he would at that. Those sounds could be imitated.