I'm sure that will please the Maharajah, Captain. Dr. Jones, you know very well that the Thuggee cult has been dead for nearly a century. The British worry so about their Empire -- it makes us feel like well- cared-for children. Captain Blumburtt and his troops are here to check up on the "natives". I sense the fumes of opium in all this. Perhaps Miss Scott picked up the habit in Shanghai. Miss Scott, you're not making any sense. His Highness has not yet taken a wife. They will escort you to your rooms now. You will be provided with fresh clothes. Tonight you will be dining with His Highness. No, no, that is Uhmed Singh, the present Maharajah's late father. The plane crash and your journey here sound -- most incredible. I remember first hearing your name when I was studying at Oxford. I am Chattar Lal, Prime Minister for His Highness the Maharajah of Pankot. You understand what he tells us? Mola Ram is telling the faithful of out victory. He says the British have left the palace, which proves Kali Ma's new power. Exactly what we have here, Dr. Jones. And didn't the Sultan of Madagascar threaten to cut your head off if you ever returned to his country? Dr. Jones, we are all vulnerable to vicious rumors. I seem to remember that in Honduras you were accused of being a grave robber rather than a scientist. I think that's enough of this nonsense, Dr. Jones... There, you see, Captain. A rock! Dr. Jones, in our country a guest does not usually insult his host. Their stories are just fear and folklore. There are no stories anymore. A very fine collection of very old pieces, don't you think? I am only his humble servant, but the Maharajah usually listens to my advice. Dr. Jones? The eminent archaeologist? I would say you look rather lost. But then I cannot imagine where in the world the three of you would look at home...Then she must have run out of the room and you found her. When she saw the insects she passed out cold. I carried her back to her room. She was sleeping when I re- entered the tunnel to look around. I've spent by life crawling around in caves and tunnels -- I shouldn't have let somebody like Willie go in there with me. Even if they were trying to scare us away, a devout Hindu would never touch meat. Makes you wonder what these people are... Something magical. A sacred rock. The Prime Minister doesn't seem that naive. You're hanging on better here than you did in America. You think so? It's like the voodoo dolls of West Africa. The kryta represents your enemy -- and gives you complete power over him. No. But I am interested in the occult. And this is a kryta. Kali Ma protects us now and for ever, and we must pledge our devotion by worshipping her with an offering of flesh and blood! Yes, I understand. That was a misunderstanding. The newspapers exaggerated the incident. I was dubious myself at first. Then something connected -- the village's rock and the old legend of the Sankara Stones... When they lost this rock their fields and animals died. They also said their children were taken from them. Sorry, I thought we were just talking about folklore. You know the villagers also claimed that this palace stole something from them. Maybe... but how do you explain The Thuggee shrine I saw right below the palace? Well, I don't know... we came here from a small village and the peasants there told us that the Pankot Palace was growing powerful again -- because of some ancient evil. I suppose stories of the Thuggees die hard. Yes, very fine. But not all of the pieces look old. Some were carved recently and look like images used by the Thuggees to worship the goddess Kali. I had a question, Mr. Prime Minister. I was examining some of the Maharajah's artifacts. We'd appreciate it if the Maharajah would let us stay tonight. We'll be on out way in the morning. Lost? No, we're not lost. We're on our way to Delhi. This is Miss Scott -- and Mr. Round. My name's Indiana Jones. Now what about the antidote, Lao. What's that? Next time I'll cut off more than his finger. Sure, I found him. Then last night I had a little trouble. Somebody tried to slit my throat. I don't like to show off. Lao She. Let up on the brake! Slow on the curves or we'll fly off the tracks! Come one, what's wrong? Why? Legend says that when the stones are brought together the diamonds inside of them will glow. The village knew their rock was magic -- but they didn't know it was one of the lost Sankara Stones... "Follow in the footsteps of Shiva. Do not betray his truth." Okay, Shorty... see you in the morning... I'm going to have a little -- word with Willie. He was afraid of you. He knows a tough guy when he sees one. No. You don't like him do you? Just a statue. That's it. Pankot Palace. Nope, you got a little surprise over there, Shorty. It's just superstition, Shorty. Like a ghost story. Okay, Shorty. You got the tickets, Short Round? Step on it, Short Round! You're betrayed Shiva. Mola Ram -- you're about to meet Kali -- in Hell! That's far enough! Nobody can say you don't have a vivid imagination. That's what you've got these children -- these slaves digging for? Two are still missing. Nobody's perfect. The way I heard it, you stole one of them from a small village. I'm sorry, I don't know how I can help you here. But why would the Maharajah take this sacred stone? And it had three lines painted across it? The lines represent the three levels of the universe. I've seen stones like the one you lost. Was the stone very smooth? It was probably brought here from a sacred river. Nobody brought us here. Our plane crashed. We were shot down by -- What evil? I don't understand. What's happened here? Hasn't the Pankot palace been deserted since the Mutiny of 1857? Pankot isn't on the way to Delhi. It's still a long way to Delhi. Who knows what might happen. Well, you didn't get your prince, and there goes your diamond. The last Sankara Stone. Not quite. Yeah -- this time you're gonna help! Let her go! Our only chance is outrunning them! Go! There's got to be another way out. No... they won't kill me. Yes, they believe you. Yes. I don't blame you... this hasn't been what you'd call a fun vacation... You've got to go to sleep now. It's okay. You're all right now. Maybe... someday. Not today. I'm not leaving without those stones. I'm going down. Quiet! No... the heart's still beating! It's a Thuggee ceremony. They're worshipping Kali, the goddess of Death and Destruction. Willie! That's it -- the release lever -- look inside! A fulcrum release lever! GET US OUT! Willie, shut up and listen! There's got to be a fulcrum release! Look around! Willie, open the door! GET US OUT OF HERE! WILLIE?! Willie, come here! Hurry up, we're in trouble!! You know, Willie, I'll bet he's mad because they were eating his friends for dinner. Gee, I wouldn't want to touch an ugly critter like that! What -- the bug? You're dreaming, Willie. You want to make it real, just knock on my door. Don't catch cold. I think you're too used to getting you own way, Willie... You want me so bad, why don't you invite me? You're talking to an authority in that area. I'm a scientist. I like doing research on certain "nocturnal activities" -- Wearing your jewels to bed, princess? No -- real food. Cheer up, you lost your prince, but dinner's on the way. Maybe he likes older women. I've always had a weakness for folk dancing. Any more complaints? He said he couldn't take us any farther. He has to go sell the elephants. Couldn't keep away, huh? I think you should sleep closer. I meant for safety. Legend says he told Sankara to go forth and combat evil. To do that he gave him five sacred stones that had magical powers. It's Sanskrit. It tells the story of Sankara climbing Mt. Kalisa where he met the Hindu god Shiva. The drawing shows a priest named Sankara who lived centuries ago. Maybe... Yeah, but he's got to be dead and buried for a couple of thousand years. Fortune and glory... I'd like to find one of those myself. What about the future? By the way, how'd you end up in Shanghai? Shorty's family was killed when they bombed Shanghai. He was living on the streets. I met Short Round when he tried to pick my pocket. I know the feeling... That's good -- you're doing fine. What's happening? Keep stroking it! Pet it on the head! Go on, pet it! Yes, stroke it right along the maxillary and precaudal vertebrae. Okay, I want you to lift your hand -- and pet the snake. Can you move your arm? Listen, Willie. Do exactly what I tell you now. Don't let it curl around you! Don't let it pull you deeper! First of all -- don't panic! Uh, listen -- Willie -- I got a better idea. A what...? Don't worry, I'm coming in! What is it? Me seduce you? Honey, you're the one who took your clothes off. I just came over to remind you that you never know what else might be in the water. Hey, Willie -- I think you better get out now. It was destined that I came here -- and the future cannot be changed... And then they took their children. It's a sacred stone in a shine that's supposed to protect a village. That's more food than these people eat in a week. They're starving, too... He said that's whey they were at river -- they were waiting for the plane to fall down. The old man saw it in a dream. He told me they knew I was coming here. India... You all right? Get over here, damn it! Short Round, come on, grab onto me tight! Oh yeah? Since I was nice enough to let you tag along, why don't you give your mouth a rest? Okay, doll? Siam. The airport... No, look out, Short Round! Left, left! Poison never agrees with me. Pull a right, Short Round, and head for the Wang Poo bridge! Don't get your hopes up -- where's the antidote? Relax, I've been giving him lessons. Look out, damn it, I need that antidote! No, Wu Han's an old friend I brought along. So, the game's not over. Put the antidote on the table, Lao. I like the service here.At last I have the ashes of my sacred ancestor! A bonus, Dr. Jones. That is poison. You just drank the rest of it. Dr. Jones -- I want Nurhachi. You have insulted my son. So, it is true, Dr. Jones? You found Nurhachi? You never told me you spoke my language, Dr. Jones. Nee chin lie how ma? Dr. Jones.No, the stones are mine! Give me the stones! You are in no position to give orders, Dr. Jones. You do not believe me? You will, Dr. Jones. You will become a true believer. They dig for the gems to support our cause. They also search for the last two stones. Soon we will have all five Sankara Stones and the Thuggees will be all powerful! No. They are here -- somewhere. A century ago when the British raided this temple and butchered my people, a loyal priest hid the last two stones down here in the catacombs. There were five stones in the beginning. Over the centuries they were dispersed by wars, sold off by thieves like you... You were caught trying to steal the Sankara Stones.You will find them when you find sivlalinga. They say we must pray to their evil god. We say we will not. Long ago -- before my father's father. No. We pray to Krishna to help us find the stone. It was Krishna who made you fall from sky -- so you can got to Pankot Palace. To find sivalinga -- and bring back to us. It is why Krishna brought you here. They came from Palace and took sivalinga from out village. The evil starts in Pankot. Then like monsoon, it moves darkness over all country. It is Pankot Palace that kills my village. No. Now there is new Maharajah -- and palace is powerful again. You will go to palace there. On the way to Delhi, you will stop at Pankot.What? Read you loud and clear, Indy! Behind you! This is Nainsukh -- from the village. They bring him here to dig in the mines. Why they glow like that? What does it mean, Indy? Get to sleep Indy -- I stay up and keep eye on things... Yeah, that's what happened... Indy, they glow like fire and get real crazy! Then he talk in this real scary voice! Next time I flatten him! Did you see his eyes? That little Maharajah think he big stuff. What you look at, Indy? Indy, look! I ride with you, Indy? Indy, they make our plane crash? To get you here? Indy? Sure, Indy -- three tickets! You, me and Wu Han -- Okey-doke, Indy! Hold onto your potatoes! Wow! Holy smoke! Crash landing! Willie, come on! What for? They got no food to feed them. So they taking the elephants away to sell them. They don't cry about you. They cry about the elephants leaving. I get it!