A YOUNG BOY sits watching the film, his clothes and the room around him telling us this is England in the 1960s. He is staring raptly at the actress. Those people all around me - they're all famous. They're my friends. Beside him sits a beautiful young woman - SOPHIE MAES (20's). My life didn't used to be like this. We PUSH THROUGH the EXIT DOORS and find ourselves impossibly looking at... I used to pretend it was different for me because I was getting paid by a magazine or newspaper, whatever. But that's, you know...I just loved watching Them. I'd stand outside looking in through the window and think what it would be like to somehow get inside. But there was only one way to get past the thin red line that separates the celebrities from the civilians. You had to be famous. Babe Three. Yeah. She looks doubtfully at the pig. Harry Potter used to be a cute little piglet too. What do you want? Tempus Fugits... How many pigs are coming tonight? Look, I was told to bring him, hand him over to the producer, Bob Milton, inside. You want me  to leave him here with you, that's fine... Well, well...clipboard Nazi-type woman. She turns to the SECURITY standing beside them. What about me? How much? I only want to stay for one night! I want you in bed by ten. And no porn. He tosses the pig one of the canap�s. ...as Sidney emerges from the washrooms, now dressed only in the white shirt and black trousers. He scoops up a passing glass of champagne, checks his moustache and surveys the courtyard - a room full of glamour: tanned skin, diamonds, beautiful dresses, beautiful suits, champagne. He stands surveying the crowd of A-list celebrities in front of him, dazed. You can do this. You belong here. You're a star. You're a big, bright shining star... No, when I'm in L.A. I stay at the Sunset Marquis, when I'm here I always stay at the Sanderson. It's, you know, I don't feel at home these days unless I'm in a hotel. So what do you do? Oh, I'm a writer. Movie writer. Oh great. Yeah. Got one in pre-production now. You know it's really weird running into you like this because just the other day I was telling the producer I thought you'd be perfect for the lead. She starts to laugh. No, seriously, you would, because, you know, you have this mixture of intelligence and beauty and fragility that we're looking for and, uh... What's the film? Tits of Fury. She laughs. I'm joking, I'm just...It's a bio- pic. About Greta Garbo. That's why I thought of you. You have those amazing cheek-bones and...are they real? Have you had plastic surgery? No. Have you? Me? No, hardly anything. A penis reduction as a child, that's pretty much... She laughs again, snorting into her drink. Sidney can't believe this - she likes him! Oh god, I'm drunk. Are you? I'm so drunk. I haven't eaten and... You feel okay? Because my room's just upstairs if you want to lie down or, or loosen any, you know, morals or... What is your name again? Clark. Clark Baxter. How'd you do? Oh, shit... Sarah, get security! Code Red. Sidney Young got in! Who's Sidney Young? Oh, shit! Will you get that? (Beat) Will you get the phone? Sighing he gets up and scratching himself, stumbles through to... Look, we don't hate celebrities at the Post-Modern Review, okay? We just don't think they should be taking themselves so seriously. For us a celebrity is a text to be deconstructed. Apart from Costner obviously. I wouldn't do this the honour of calling it a review. It's a puerile, personal attack in, in alcoholic prose, in which incidentally you manage to misquote both Derrida and Lyotard. I am a... ...an internationally respected academic and... ...author of a very well received book on the history of culture and a... (threading his way past) Couldn't one of you answer the phone? Will you answer that? What do I pay you for? You don't pay me. Just get the phone! Post-Modern Review. Sidney, if she doesn't apologise I'm quitting. (to the Large Woman) George can't leave. You'll have to apologise. He owns the fax machine. What? It's Sharps Magazine. We're not finished. They sue, we're finished. Shut up. (To the others) Will you be quiet! Sidney Young. Ah, Lord Vader. I saw you at my party, just before you ruined it with your little pig stunt. You liked that? Sure. On his desk we see a few copies the Post-Modern Review - glimpses of stars on the covers - Catherine Zeta-Jones, Orlando Bloom... Clayton's hand sifts one copy from the others and holds it up - the cover depicts CLAYTON HIMSELF - patrician handsome, stern, photo-shopped so that he appears to be NAKED. A headline reads "Clayton Harding - The Editor's New Clothes? Clayton's shoulder's heave with a snort of repressed laughter. We're not scared of you, Harding. You want to sue, go ahead and sue. It's like Jimmy Stewart said, (a poor Stewart impersonation:)"You sit up there and you spin your little webs and you think the whole world revolves around you and your money. Well, it doesn't, Mr... Mr... Potter. "Mr. Potter..."You go ahead and sue if you want, but I warn you, if you strike me down, I shall become more powerful than you can possibly imagine. An ASSISTANT walks in. Clayton looks up. Miss Taylor is here sir. Clayton nods and quickly throws the magazines into a BOTTOM DRAWER of the desk. Sidney is still talking over the phone, beginning to enjoy himself. I want you to come and work for me at Sharps Magazine in New York. Fight, fight, fight... Um...could you say that again please? We hear the sound of an aeroplane engine build as we... It's Sharps Magazine. You know Sharps? It's sort of society, fashion, crime, finance, Hollywood celebrities... (eyeing her chest Yeah, they don't make entertainers like that any more... Mrs Kowalski cuffs the back of his head. Sidney is somewhat surprised by this familiarity, having only just met the lady. She opens an apartment door. Yup, this is good. This is...I can put my drum kit just over there and, uh... She stares at him. That's a...that's just a joke. They're just little...congas. Tomorrow morning. Just what I'm going to do... (raising his glass) Hi, my name's Clark. Clark Baxter. What the hell's that? That's a water sir. Well that's...that's not right, is it? That's not...put a dash of beer in that. Is he? He's fucking small isn't he? Can you reserve these seats? Nope. I'm a journalist. Work for a little periodical you might have heard of called Sharps Magazine? I'm the Cultural Editor. (snatching it back) That's...not that one... (Searching wallet) I've got it somewhere...I just... Happy now? Who's that there with Clint Eastwood? No, in the headlock. Oh just give it... It's okay. It's okay. I've got it. Sorry. It's pronounced Gloucester by the way. No. The curry? What goes around, comes around. The moment is approaching when you will pay the price for being an asshole. When my boyfriend gets here I'm going to put my pacifist leanings to one side and encourage him to take you outside and... Boyfriend not coming? Listen, I'm sorry. Do you think...? She turns to him. Do you think I could have his drink? Alison gives him a cold smile, controlling her temper. She spots a heavily made-up WOMAN walking past. (to the newcomer) Hello. He slides the PHOTOGRAPH over to her. Guess who that is with Clint Eastwood. Alison gives a small smile and leaves. Mrs Lebowski... (trying to seem sober) Was it? Fuck. I mean, shit. Sorry. I just...met an old friend and brought them back... The Woman staggers back into the room, her back to us. She is NAKED. She is also surprisingly muscular. ...for a little... He notices the woman. His gaze drops to below the waist. ...penis. Mrs Kowalski turns and takes in the view. Nobody moves. You can do this! You can do this! He hums the fanfare from the Rocky theme. Quick coffee Bob and then you've got to go. What the fuck are you wearing? You like it? I brought you one. Thanks. Good. Thanks for the business class tickets, Clay. That was a mistake. And don't call me Clay. Oh. Well, if it's any consolation I got downgraded anyway. That is some consolation. Ha! That was just a little, uh... as it happens I'm a big fan of your earlier, funnier work. Snipe Magazine that was...that was really good. Yeah, you've...you've actually been a big influence on me and I really think together we can inject a bit of that Snipe spirit into this magazine. Now I've got a few ideas that I'd like to... You think you've arrived, doncha? Well I hate to break it to you, but you're only in the first room. It's not nothing, don't get me wrong, but there are plenty of people in this town who never made it past the first room. After a year or so, maybe longer, you'll discover a secret doorway at the back of the first room that leads to the second. Eventually, if you're lucky, you'll discover another doorway back of the second room that leads to the third. So...if I make it to the Seventh Room - will I become a true Jedi Knight? Which brings us to the subject of your sense of humour. I had a look through your "magazine" here. What'd you think? Oh, I thought it was...kinda snarky. And bitter. And... witless. (glancing at Sidney's Thanks. I know your Hi-jinx gave you a certain notoriety back in Olde England but things are going to be a bit different here. Harding wants me to be your Rabbi, show you the ropes. Are you aware of what we do at I Spy? You photograph famous people when they're drunk? I Spy is the nation's window onto High Society. The Looky-Loos read us because...well, They Weren't There. The Glitterati read us because we tell them They Were There. For this system to work we have to know where There is. So...when we go out to clubs and things...would that, would that be on expenses or...? This isn't a vacation. It's a vocation. Okay. What do you mean by suitable? Something that covers all of this up. Is that Mussolini? (Beat.) ) No, Sidney, that's Richard Heywood. The owner of this magazine. Oh. Looks a little like, uh...(pointing to the child in the photograph, smiling) Who's this funny looking kid? Is that his son? That's his daughter, Elizabeth; now my wife. Really? Well, she's very...isn't she? Really, very... Miss Olsen here takes care of the gallery openings, book launches and other intellectual fare. Can you find our new rookie something to do? Listen, seeing as how I'm going to be sitting just over there, don't you think we should try and put last night behind us? I'm not sure what I'm supposed to be doing. (Beat) Are you going to help me out? (a wolfish smile) You going to introduce me? Actually it's Sidney. Sidney Young. Clark Baxter is my alias. I take it you knew about Bob and didn't tell me? Alison inscribes a circle in the air with her finger without looking up. Hello, is that the Parsons Gallery? This is Sidney Young from Sharps Magazine? We're running some photographs from your opening of the Chris Blick exhibition, and I just need to caption them. I was wondering if you could help me identify some of the people? Thanks. So...Chris Blick. Man or woman? Is Chris Blick a man or woman? Are you sure you're calling from Sharps magazine? Yes, I am. Tell me Stanley, why have they given you this assignment if you don't know who one of the most famous artists in America is? I...I don't really know. He's a man. Okay. Is he an old man? He's an older man, yes. (staring at a What's that got to do with anything? Is he the one with the wonky eye? It's fashion sensitive. If you're not wearing Prada it'll take your arm clean off. Anna stares at this strange man with the burger, baffled. This isn't what I expected. Alison recoils slightly. I don't know. The Algonquin circle. Dorothy Parker. Martinis. Quips. Look at them. Not one of them is drunk. There's something you should understand. I'm not really one of you. I mean the glossy posse. Bunch of Zombies, writing about "Pets of the Stars" but acting like they're working for the UN. I'm here to shake things up a bit. Where are you from? Right. Small town girl. (Hannibal Lector impersonation) I bet you could only dream of getting out. Getting anywhere - yes, Clarice? Getting all the way - to the N...Y...C. (Dropping the impersonation) Take my advice, don't go taking this celebrity fluff seriously. For a moment Alison is speechless with anger. That was her? The Mussolini baby? I could go back and tell her I'm... Am I supposed to be afraid? I don't know the meaning of the word fear. Snipe Magazine. When Clayton left college he started this little magazine called Snipe. Fantastic. Took aim at every self-important celebrity in town. Completely fearless. It was like my magazine but twenty years earlier. That's why he's hired me. I am the young Clayton Harding. He looks at me and sees his glory days. Yeah, but don't worry. I think I might still be in time to save him. There's a couple of hundred grands worth of food here and I swear I'm the only person eating it. You want some? Alison recoils. Sidney does a little nerdy dance to the music as he eats. This place is amazing. It's wall to wall totty. Totty. Babes. Sexually attractive women. What? Maddox joins them. A man passes, nods respectfully at Maddox. Look at that. All night people have been treating us like we're royalty. In London, the journalist's motto is "Everybody hates us and we don't care." Well, now you're one of the High Priests of what's Hot and what's Not. So what were you two talking about? Uh-oh. I don't think Miss Olsen approves of you, Sidney. I shouldn't be here. I get thrown out of places like this. This? This is a McDonald's. I hate disease parties. (Off Sidney's puzzled look) Fund- raisers. Rachel. How are you? Angelo, good to see you. Rachel hovers for a moment, embarrassed by her abrupt dismissal then slips away. Sidney watches her go, feeling for her. You know that was Rachel Petkoff?  She's a fantastic actress. Hasn't done anything for years, but, in her day... I'm sure. Seriously, I've heard about that film. I think she's going to make a come back. We should get there first, do a profile or something before everyone else... Maddox isn't listening. Instead he greets a fat, angry- looking VERY YOUNG MAN. This is VINCENT LEPAK, wearing his customary SHADES. Vincent! Great to see you. Children, I'd like to introduce you to Vincent Lepak, enfant  terrible and in, my opinion, the  most exciting new director in  American cinema.  Vincent nods, frowning, looks around. I think this is the worst fundraiser I've been to in my whole life. It's a rat fuck, isn't it? Sidney walks away. Excuse me? Aren't you Rachel  Petkoff? This is sort of embarrassing but... Could I have your autograph? I'm a big fan. Absolutely. I must have seen everything you've been in. Those episodes of The Love Boat and the Bionic Woman? The Song Birds, In The Night...I've even seen your first ever TV appearance. The Twilight Zone - House of Mirrors. Right? My all time favorite? A Day Too Long. (He means it) You were really great in that. Sidney Young. You look around and it's all shit. No-one is making movies that are fucking worthwhile. I'd have to disagree with you, Vincent. Vincent looks at him, displeased. This is what I'm saying. You have to inspire yourself. I am my role- model. I want to be me... He stares angrily around, handing his empty glass to his waiting assistant who immediately replaces it with a full one from a passing tray. Sidney watches him with dislike. Greatest film ever made? Excuse me? What's the greatest film ever made? (To Alison) Go on. Have a guess. Have a guess. Yeah, have a guess - what is the greatest film ever made? Incorrect. Con Air. Uhuh, Con Air. It's got everything. Malkovich for your acting chops, Nicky Cage for action, Buscemi for comedy, John Cusack for the Gays. It's a smorgasbord. Mister Young, this is Eleanor Johnson, Queen of New York. Eleanor this is Sidney Young. He's from England and he's our very own Idiot Savant. Without the Savant. So, you're a publicist? What should I call you? Oh, this one will go far. I'm with you... I won't eat anything with, you know, eyebrows. Or if it can chuckle. I won't eat animals that can chuckle. Nothing, just, uh...So you're an actress? Have I seen you in anything? No. (Trying again) So you haven't won any Oscars yet? Because I would certainly vote for you for best supporting dress! Huh, huh, huh.... I haven't been nominated for anything. No, I'm just...I'm saying you look... We're going on to the Circle Club. I'll see you tomorrow. I'm from Canada, land of ice and snow. They get into the car. Sidney tries to follow them. Budge up. Where are you going? I'm coming to the club. Sorry, you're not on the list. A small CHIHUAHUA - CUBA - on Sophie's lap snarls at Sidney. That's... that turns my stomach. Pawing her like that. He's old enough to be her father. Yes he is. I started producing sperm when I was thirteen, so you know, technically... She's a flak. Hacks don't take orders from flaks. And I don't think you can call that "doing his job." The man had no blood left in his upper body... I wasn't being ironic... Yeah, I could tell by the way he was allowed to stay up past his bed time. Do you think she'd go out with me? Sophie Maes. You think she'll go out with me? What do you know? A lot of these starlets are lonely. They spend their time looking for a man. Alison starts to walk away. I'm going to be successful. Have you seen this? She's everywhere. An ASSISTANT walks over with a MUFFIN BASKET for Maddox. From Sophie Maes. (reading the card) "Thanks for a great night." What a sweet kid. Oh, Sidney, about last night - word of advice. Don't talk to the celebrities, okay? Sophie said you made her feel uncomfortable. He walks off with a slight smirk. Sidney glowers after him. ...so Brad's people finally got back to me and they've agreed. We've got the whole afternoon, before the shoot. People clap. Harding nods approvingly. Good work Lawrence. Okay, well, if that's it for... He starts to get up. So, I was thinking, Clay... Clayton, pauses, frowning. Sidney turns to the room, cocksure. Paris Hilton. I do a profile on her as if she's this complete recluse, this hermit...(laughing) I try and track her down and, you know, "Who is the elusive Paris Hilton and why is she so publicity shy?" He laughs for a moment. No one joins in. That's first room stuff, Sidney. And call me Clay one more time and see what happens. Harding stalks out of the room. Blushing, Sidney stares after him, nodding vaguely. As he gathers his notebook he becomes aware of the smirks on the faces of Maddox and the others as they leave. Listen, you know how things work around here. How am I going to get something in the magazine? It is but...things have changed. Look, I know people think I'm a bit of an idiot and maybe I haven't started off too well here, but I want...I want... ...I want to have sex with Sophie Maes. (Beat) Before Maddox does. I know he's got a head start on me but I'm going to win her back. Once I get my hooks into a girl, they never get free. The gloves are coming off. We hear the opening of Brigitte Bardot's Moi Je Joue as we... Okay. Celebrity Trash Cans. The contents of celebrity trash cans are revealed and readers have gotta guess who the trash belongs to... Five bottles of Jack Daniels, a court order, and a copy of Mein Kampf? Mel Gibson! (getting out the lift) First Room, Sidney. First room. (pointing at the snap) Guess who that is with Clint Eastwood? No, not...why's everyone say...? There! In the head-lock! It's a Shag Tree. It illustrates all of the sexual pairings of Hollywood's top stars and how they interconnect... From under the door slides a piece of paper on which is written First Room. We hear a TOILET FLUSH. If I give you an interview will ya leave me the fuck alone? Sidney smiles. The song ends. Nathan Lane. Nice to meet you. Great to meet you Nathan. I'm a big fan. I love that rat thing you played in The Lion King. Actually he's a meer cat. (absently, checking his Well... Which is fine, but today, I think it would be great to get behind the mask. Uh, I don't think there really is a mask as such, and I don't wanna be a pain, but what I really wanna talk about is the new play, keep it about the work, you know? Is that okay? Absolutely. Of course. So, first question - are you Jewish? Nathan stares at Sidney. I don't see what the relevance of that is. Okay. Next question. The rat thing - that's gotta be Disney's first gay animal, right? So, I was wondering - are you a homosexual? Beat. Nathan looks like he might hit Sidney. What did I say to you? What...? What did I say to you? I just... What did I say to you? Don't upset anyone. Don't upset anyone. I was just trying to...probe. You wanna probe become a proctologist, okay? You can't ask musical comedy stars whether they're Jewish or gay. From now on just assume they're all Jewish and all gay, okay? I'd like to apply for an American Express card please? (Beat) Hon. Sidney Young. (Beat) As in Honourable. H-O-N. (Beat)It's a British title. Across the desk Alison watches him with contempt. The Queen? Yeah, I know the Queen. Just fill in the form will you? Sidney suddenly notices Sophie Maes and Eleanor Johnson walking towards them. Sophie looks more STYLED than before. She is holding her Chihuahua, Cuba, which is dressed in a tiny coat. Sidney DISAPPEARS UNDER THE DESK. We hear a RIP as he yanks the tape off his face. Hey! Cuba! He pets the dog, who greets him enthusiastically. Well, I'm one of the Friends Of Cuba. Hello! Didn't, didn't know you were coming in...? Oh great. That's great. Of course you can. He can stay in my office. Sidney? Fetch Cuba a bowl of water, will you? Sidney stares at him. (forcing a smile) Of course. It was my mother's. She gave it to me. Uhuh. A story? Absolutely. That would...I'd love to... Okay. (Beat) What do you mean? You want copy approval? I'm sorry, Eleanor, I don't...I don't work that way. Alison stares with surprise at Sidney. He just went up in her estimation. Their star-light? Eleanor's face hardens. Hello Cuba. I'm Uncle Sidney, come to see how you are. You wanna play? You wanna little play? He takes a RUBBER BALL out of his pocket and holds it up for the dog to see. Fetch! He tosses the ball in the air. Cuba runs after it and trots back, stumpy tail wagging, the ball in its teeth. That's it! That's it! We're gonna be best pals aren't we? You're going to like me more than that prick Maddox, aren't you? Fetch! He tosses the ball again which promptly bounces off the wall straight out of the half open window. No! Cuba is already running towards the window... Sidney's yell slows and distorts as we move to SLOW Cuba? (waiting for the lift) C'mon...C'mon... Alison walks past, sees him and does a double-take. (seeing her coming) Shit, shit, shit... I'm just...just borrowing it. I'll bring it straight back. What are you talking about? Give it back. She reaches out to take the bag. Sidney holds on desperately. It was an accident. I was just trying to make friends. Please don't tell her. Please don't tell her. Cuba? Cuba? Startled, Sidney darts into Maddox's office. Alison, have you seen Cuba? Don't worry, he couldn't have got  very far. Clayton? Have you got a minute? Clayton lights a cigarette, stares out of the window. Sidney comes in. Did they find that rat yet? No...Not yet. I think maybe he got out the building? Sidney hovers. Congratulations on the Man of the Year thing. How was the lunch? I don't know. Thousand dollars a plate, all I could taste was ass. I'm kissing their ass, they're kissing my ass. (Beat) I get this dream sometimes. Someone's set fire to the building - Heywoods - Sharps magazine - the whole thing, it's going up in flames. My analyst thinks it's an anxiety dream. I never tell him how happy I am watching the fucker burn. I want to do a story on Vincent Lepak. Not a puff-piece. Something funny, but with teeth. The kind of thing Snipe would have done. Everyone's treating him like he's a genius and he's an idiot. Look at these things. How'd I get a closet full of blue fucking shirts? Um...I don't know. I don't know either. This is an office for Christ's sake! Why've I even got a fucking closet? (he can't believe it) Do it? Fuck it. Yeah. Do it. He's an annoying little prick. Go take him down. This is your shot. Thanks Clayton! You're my little Hit Man. I'm your little Hit Man! Go do it! Okay! He scuttles out. He ducks back around the door. You could call me The Jackal! Out. Okay! He ducks back out again. Mister Young? Yes? I'm Sophie Maes' assistant. I'm afraid Sophie isn't here right now. (looking past her) Look I know she's in. I'm not a stalker. I just know she's upset about losing her dog and... She isn't here. Well, can I at least check that she got my present? Okay. Did you send the flowers? Flowers? Yeah,'cos she doesn't get enough flowers, does she? No, I sent her the fish. The Young Woman looks suddenly nervous. Oh. Gold-fish. In a bowl. Did she get them? Yes, but...they were dead. All of them? Yeah. It was kinda shocking. Were they dead when you sent them? Sidney stares at her. What? No, they were... Who sends people dead fish? The Mafia? This wasn't me. (Beat) I...I laid him to rest. Cuba I mean. I took him over to... Okay. (Beat) Well, I just...I just wanted to say...about not telling them...I really appreciated it. It was good of you and, and...you know...not many people would, uh... Why didn't you? Can I help you? (following his gaze) Just a couple of straws please. Can I ask you something? How come you've always got the notebook? Is it a diary or something? Am I in it? Wow. No - a novel, that's...that's pretty impressive. You're writing it by hand? You're full of surprises, Sister. So...you waiting for your boyfriend? What's he do, the mystery guy? Is he a hack too? Really? What's he look like? Just most poets you see aren't really good-looking, are they? Spend their time stuck in a room, end up looking like Golem. Is he...? Right. I resent being bribed to gush sycophantically about a star, okay? I choose to gush sycophantically. Alison stares at Sidney trying to figure him out. It's okay anyway. Clayton's given me a story. I'm on my way. Okay, well...better get going.(Leaving) You take my advice, you'll get yourself a boyfriend who's going to show up once in a while. He leaves. Beat. Alison stares at the empty stool beside her. Which makes it...a half page left. Lawrence? Any ideas? Yeah. Rachel Petkoff, fabulous  sixties actress, one of my all time favourites. Just made a wonderful movie called Five Boroughs. I think she's poised for a come-back and I think we should get there first, do a profile. Sidney stares at him in disbelief. He looks over to Alison who avoids his gaze. Sounds good. Let's do it. Okay that's it people. Uh...Clayton? What? Did you read my story on Vincent Lepak? Clayton frowns down at some papers, feigning distraction. What? Oh, yeah. That's...that's not going to work. Sidney can't believe it. Clayton gets up to leave. Rachel Petkoff? One of your  favourite actresses? You'd never fucking heard of her! That was my idea! Lawrence stops and turns back. So it was. You have any more good ideas don't forget to bring them to my new office. He is about to walk on but remembers something. What? You spend half your life chatting up the staff! When I do it it's called flirting. When you do it it's called sexual harassment. Consider this an official warning. I won't tolerate sexist behaviour. He walks off. Sidney glowers after him. I know that wasn't Greg's way of  working but Greg isn't deputy  editor any more. I am, and I'm making changes. There is a knock at the door and Sidney walks in with an attractive BLONDE WOMAN in a long coat and dark glasses. Uh, Lawrence? This lady's been looking for you? (to the woman) Can I help you? Yes? Thank you. I'm sorry, you are...? (with mock horror) Uh, Lawrence? This is...this is sort of inappropriate isn't it? Will you please... Oh God, this is...this is awful... Hello, Mrs Harding. Girls... Get in. I didn't know it was Take Our Daughters To Work Day. I didn't even know there was a Take Our daughters To Work Day. Shut up. (Beat) You know, when I told my wife I'd hired another Brit, she was excited. She still thinks you're all like something from Pride and Prejudice. But you Sidney ...you're like a British person born in New Jersey. (Shaking his head) Why did I hire you? I don't know - why did you hire me? I had an attack of nostalgia. It's passed. Like gas. What was wrong with my story? What? Why did you kill my Vincent Lepak story? It wasn't good enough. Plain and simple. It wasn't good enough? We don't do hatchet jobs here. It isn't a hatchet job! This opening quotation - "It's only too easy to catch people's attention by doing something worse than anyone else has dared do it before..." Who are you thinking of here? Vincent or yourself? He's a talentless, pretentious little twat who thinks cinema began with Tarantino and someone needs to say it. And you told me to do something with teeth! You said... I'm trying to run a fucking magazine here! Sidney stares at him, angry and disappointed. "A free press is the last defence against the Tyranny of Stupidity." Save me your tin-pot philosophy, okay? It isn't mine. It's yours. First issue of Snipe. Oh, grow the fuck up, will ya! You're not Robin Hood and you never were. You bitch about famous people for the same reason I bitched about them. Because they got invited to the Party and you didn't. Well you're at the Party now so quit bitching and do your job! You're on your last life here, you understand? One more fuck up like today and you're gone. Won't you have to run a decision like that past Eleanor first? For a second Clayton looks like he might throw his ashtray at Sidney. Then he controls himself. Get out. Sidney crosses to the door. (he can't help himself) Looks like I was too late to save you after all. He walks out. I didn't "hire" him. Bob did it for a favour. I do! It's just...(ruefully) It wasn't me. It was Clark. Alison laughs. Since I was a kid. Anytime something got broken, or the bathroom got accidentally set on fire - it wasn't me. It was Clark. (Beat.) The weird thing is, he kind of took over. I don't know, twenty, twenty one... Alison laughs. Clayton's not going to print anything I write. I've been on salary for six-months and I've written precisely one hundred and seventy five words. On a dollar- per-word basis, I'm the highest paid writer in the history of this magazine.(Beat) He's not going to renew my contract. I thought Clayton was different. I really did. (Beat) The only thing I'm good at is pissing people off, and he won't let me do it. (Beat) "My glory walks hand in hand with my doom." (Off her look) Troy Troy, the movie. Everybody hates me here. You're the only one who'll talk to me. (a little embarrassed) No, I mean it. You're the person who's been most, you know... uh...abusive to me. You want another drink? Sophie, my darling. Looking ravishing as always. Whilst the two are engaged in kissing cheeks, Sidney takes a credit card from his wallet and drops it surreptitiously by Sophie's feet. You know what I read the other day? Your collection of poems - The Hollow Heart? Man, they're great. Sidney reacts to this, feeling troubled for some reason. In another life. The BARMAN is handing out drinks. And a White Russian? Right here. Sidney stares at the drink, feeling like he's just been punched in the stomach. Maddox notices him. That's...that's mine. But your name's not "Hon". (reaching for it) It's short for "Honourable". (whisking it away) As in, "the Honourable Sidney Young"? Can I please...? (holding it out of They screwed it up. Please. Sidney baby, you don't wanna go faking a British title to impress Sophie. It's the Fourth of July. (Handing back the card): We're celebrating the fact that we threw a bunch of British aristocrats out. Why don't you shut up, Maddox? Careful Sidney. Remember - if it wasn't for us you'd all be speaking German. You're Canadian. If it wasn't for us you'd be speaking French. (muttering to himself) Choke. Choke. He puts his fingers to his temples as if to channel telekinetic powers. Choke...choke... Sidney realizes Harding's wife is passing with her two daughters. Hello, Mrs Harding. Lovely party. With a look of alarm she shepherds the girls away. A tall older man dressed in white with a long white beard appears next to Sidney. How are you? Sidney nods gloomily. Yup. You should walk with bare feet as much as possible, ground all that  negative energy. Sidney examines him. So...you're a wizard or...? I'm a spiritual healer. You can make a living doing that? Oh God no. I'm a dentist.  They stare at the party for a moment. Um...no, thanks. Hey! Hello again? Rachel smiles at him distantly, clearly not remembering him. Sidney. Sidney Young. We met at... Another GUEST walks past Sidney and kisses Rachel. I saw Five Boroughs the other day and wept! In-ger-lernd! In-ger-lerrrrrrnd! He spots HUGH GRANT amongst the crowd, watching him, puzzled. You! Grant! Come on! In-ger- lerrrr... With that he slips from the balustrade and crashes into the shrubbery below. What? I'm fine. Yup. Fine. (Beat) You? Right...See you... He walks off. Beat. He walks back into frame suddenly. How the...You...having an affair with Maddox! I mean...Maddox for Christ's sake! The Man With Hidden Shallows! Jesus! I mean, I used to think you were...I was starting to...I mean, at first I thought you were a pain but then I started to think...but I mean...Maddox? How can you live with yourself? Alison stares at him, pale, blinking back tears. Well, that's no...that's, you know...(Beat) You broke up with him? Alison walks off. Beat. She walks back. This one. Alison kicks the leg. Huh... Huh... Congratulations on becoming incredibly famous by the way. What's it like? Everything. You're here. She turns back to look at the stars. Would you...would you like me to get you some food? (out of breath) Wizard! Wizard Dentist Man! Need Wizard Dentist Man! I will never, never, never forget this. Thank you! He starts to hurry away. What are you doing? You can't drive. You need to go and sleep this off somewhere. Yeah, okay. Listen, you try driving in this state you're gonna kill yourself. I didn't know you hated me. You're not a Ghoul. You're a Zombie. Alison leans her head against the window. (can't take anymore) Look, I don't need to hear this. You don't smoke. Could you just be quiet? Well, I'm...I'm sure he does. He's probably just not very good at expressing his emotions. Alright. Alright. Don't, you know, get snot everywhere... What? Alison lurches down out of sight and is sick on Sidney's shorts. Alison? What's your address? (Beat. Shaking her) Alison? Alison snores loudly. Sidney sighs. Shut up will you? You'll wake the old witch up. He stops suddenly and turns. Mrs Kowalski glowers at him from the doorway. Sidney freezes - a sickly smile on his face. Did...Did we wake you? Hello Dad. She, uh, she isn't actually a prostitute. Oh good. No thank you. I think it is probably cocaine. It wasn't actually for me. I was going to give it to this young actress... I think you should lie down Alison. Really Alison, I think... Please, call me Richard. I've written a little book so I'm doing a few talks. No, nothing so interesting I'm afraid. I'm a philosopher. I'd love to hear what you think of the book if you have time to read it. Alison snorts with laughter. Well, he does have a Masters in the subject. Alison stares at Sidney. She breaks into a snorting laugh again. You should have said you were coming. That would have required you answering one of my calls. I've been pretty busy. Which reminds me, I was talking to a publisher friend of mine the other day. He mentioned that they were planning a series of introductory texts on philosophers. I wondered if you would be interested? I have a job, dad. Of course, of course. I picked up a copy of your magazine at the airport. Why've you always got to do this? It's...it's... It was just a joke Sidney... Actually it's not. Because you're saying that what I do for a living is worthless and... I don't think it's worthless. I just think, in your heart, you know you could do more with your life than... More? Sharps is one of the most respected magazines in the world. There's a million hacks who would kill to be where I am now. You know who I interviewed recently? Nathan Lane. I don't know who... I KNOW you don't know who that is! You don't know who anyone is! You thought Brad Pitt was a cave in Yorkshire! But most people do know who they are, okay? And most people wouldn't think that a journalist who gets to mix with stars like that was a, a disappointment! I don't think you're a disappointment Sidney. I've never thought that. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset you. Things haven't really been that great. I don't know what it is. (Beat) I'm not... getting ahead. If you're not happy... No. I'm fine. I know I can make it. Einstein said "Try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value." What? No. We're just friends. I saw the way you looked at her. Sidney considers this, knowing it's true. She doesn't feel that way about me. New York women don't date losers. I suppose not. But Alison is from Port Huron, isn't she? Sidney stares at him. Why? No, you're all right. It's...it's nice to have the company. Mrs Kowalski? Don't worry about it. The last woman she caught me with had a penis, so you know...you're a big step up. That's my mother. Yeah, I don't take after her... Actress. Some. British, small parts... No, she died when I was young. Yeah, I suppose. I used to see her on the TV every now and then when I was growing up. Sort of weird. Here we go! English fry-up. Perfect hangover cure. Sorry, I was just...uh...(He can't think of an excuse) ...rooting through your private possessions... Alison sits on the couch, feeling too ill to be annoyed. I like the opening. I do. Can I read the rest of it? Believe it or not, I'm a pretty good editor. "Keep true to the dreams of thy youth." Alison examines him through narrowed eyes. Schiller. She puts her things back in her bag. Oh, I forgot...I got you a present. I was just walking past this music shop on the corner and I saw it. I thought it might cheer you up. Alison is deeply touched. Oh. (Beat) Well, you can always come here to listen to it. Sidney takes the record and puts it on the turntable in the corner of the room. He selects the finale music - it's funny and sad, glamorous and romantic... They listen to it for a moment. Sidney starts to dance a little. He cha-cha's over to her and holds out his hand. C'mon... Alison reluctantly gets up. They dance ironically. Alison laughs a little. Gradually they get more into it, enjoying the music - a man in shorts and a woman in pyjamas, cha-cha-chaing, a summer breeze wafting in the through the open windows behind him... Hey Alison, I was wondering if you wanted to...(Beat. Starting again) Hello there. Listen I was wondering if you wanted to see a movie or...a meal...or...(Beat, starting again.) Alison. You wanna go on a date? We see he is staring at his reflection in a mirror. He slips in a pair of PLASTIC FANGS and smiles toothily. I like your costume Vincent. I'm not wearing a costume. Oh. They walk on. Idiot. Wanker. Sidney continues through the crowd to Alison. He puts his Dracula TEETH in. Haven't we met somewhere before? (Mumbling through his Sorry. I was just saying... Maddox appears and gives Alison a glass of champagne. He kisses her. Back in a minute. He walks off again. Sidney stares dumbly after him. Well...that's...that's brilliant. Yup. They stand in an awkward silence, watching the party. Hello Sidney. Someone said you'd come as a Count but I thought I'd misheard. Sidney doesn't answer, turns to leave. Yeah. Yeah. Should have done it long ago but, you know me - just not very good at expressing my emotions. Right? Oh Sidalee...I thought as much. Did you really think you and Alison...? Things really haven't worked out too well for you here, have they? Ah, well. You gave it your best shot. He walks out. Sidney stares after him, burning. Wait! Eleanor wait! The window glides down. Let me do the profile on Vincent. You get full copy approval. It'll be like you've written it! The window stops. Eleanor stares at him, considering. Sidney looks past her to Vincent. Vincent - think about it, think how humiliating it will be for me. I'm begging you. Vincent leans over, stares over his shades at Sidney. (Beat, enjoying this) You don't look like you're begging. Beat. Sidney kneels down on the side-walk beside the limousine. The rain pours down on him. The limousine drives away. Sidney stares dumbly up at something across the street. On the building across the street is an ENORMOUS ANIMATED BILLBOARD L'OREAL ADVERTISEMENT - SOPHIE MAES, in a gold ball-gown and make-up, hair coiffured in classic forties Hollywood style. As we watch she BLOWS US A KISS. Underneath is the slogan - I'm Here... Lawrence Maddox is no longer working for Sharps. Seems Elizabeth got sick of him screwing around and kicked him out. She kicked him out? Richard Heywood doesn't seem to like the idea of employing an ex- son-in-law. So he's gone. So's Alison Olsen. Sidney stares at him. (noticing the magazine) Well, well...little Sidalee. I feel like a proud Papa. Who? Do you think you could drop the little wife routine? It's kind of in bad taste. Alison stares at him sadly I'll see you back home. He is about to leave when he notices Alison's notebook on the table. And will you stop carrying that thing around with you? It's kind of embarrassing. He walks off. Wow. That's fantastic.(Beat) But...the nominations haven't been announced yet? Okay, uh...Clark Gable. Go! Clark Gable to Vivien Leigh (Gone With The Wind), Vivien Leigh to Marlon Brando (Street Car Named Desire), Marlon Brando to Robert DeNiro (The Score) Robert De Niro to Kevin Bacon (Sleepers)! The crowd cheers. Uh, tricky, but I'm gonna say Nietzsche. Huge moustache. The Tom Selleck of Nihilism. Okay. Good. Evil genius philosopher...Hobbes, proto-Nazi, Heidegger - actual Nazi, Hegel - twat. Basically your H's... Uh...Bishop Berkely. Esse est percipi. What does that mean? If they `aint looking at you, you don't really exist. Hey. Thanks. It was a gift. Ralph Lauren. Ralph Lauren. I did a piece. Beat. He still hasn't invited her in. Thanks. How's things with you and... Yeah. I've been pretty busy. How's the novel coming along? Well...keep at it. I believe in you. I never gave you these. (half joking, half High. Too high! You couldn't do it. Too high. Sophie calmly unzips her dress and steps out of it, standing in her underwear. There is applause from the on- lookers. Calmly she steps out of the window onto the ledge and disappears from sight. The on-lookers crane out of the window, yelling encouragement. After a moment Sophie appears at another window further along the wall and climbs back into the room to ecstatic applause. She stares imperiously at Sidney. Your limpy pig. I'm your limpy pig! I've got my little limpy dance. Sidney dances a little, jiggling up and down. I...I can't... I can't. Sophie stares at him through narrowed eyes. (muttering to himself) You're a star. You're a big, bright shining star... He snorts a line and, leaning back, flicks blankly through TV channels - a sports programme, a news station, a sit-com re-run... He snorts another line, flicks stations - more sports, a music video, a black and white movie... Sidney stops, staring at the screen... TV SCREEN - we're watching the fifties British movie we saw at the beginning of the film. Sidney's MOTHER is typing at the desk in the background. She gets up from the desk and walks into another office. Sidney stares, frozen. Sidney's mother passes the LEAD ACTRESS who is staring out of the window, smoking. She stares at her sympathetically. How will I know when I do? Well, well... Look at you... Is Alison here? Alison? No, we went our separate ways. Actually she left me. Tells me she's in love with someone else. Sidney stares at him. (taking her arm) I need my ring back. Sophie turns back to him, her smile fixed. I need my ring back. As if puzzled by her inability to make it to the stage, Sophie, still smiling, tries to pull her arm free. Eleanor is instantly beside them, trying to disengage Sidney's hand. She isn't the One. My mother gave me that ring and told me I had to give it to the One. She isn't the One. The applause is still going strong. TV Cameras move in on Sophie as she starts to struggle, her smile slipping. Sidney tries to pull the ring free from her finger. Officials move in. Just...Will you...I don't want to be on the inside. I don't want to be at the Party. I don't want to have have sex with you. (Beat) I Sophie kicks out at Sidney, ripping her dress in the process. The next available flight is ten am sir. Gets you into New York six thirty PM. Sidney sighs. Stop the car! How's the novel? 