Eighth room down, babe... Delivery Entrance. Low Security. The security's actually not that severe. I laughed, I cried. Well, forget about it. Hawk and I are going to Rio. We're hurt, we're tired, and a hero ain't nothing but a sandwich. Right, buddy?... You're saying you want us to beat them to the crystal and save the world from financial disarray. It was so beautiful! When the blanks went off, they... Get em.... Get 'em. They went down the hallway. I can't believe you didn't notice. My weight. I lost ten pounds in Rome I'm a ghost. Boo. "But we'll be the same as we started... Anna, I think you better stay.... "How'd we ever get such in a ru-utt" Now that's a lock. "Maybe we're ragged and funny." Why not just go now? You sound disappointed. We're going in from the ground floor. Damn travel agency. That Kremlin thing is in Moscow, isn't it? Don't act like you've never committed a crime before, Hawkins? I know, I made call, when Anna tracked me down I... But I said I was sorry.... You re not thinking of going to... Why try? Morning edition. Seems two thieves "attempted" to steal it last night, but thanks to three "courageous" guards, it will be ready for tonight. Ah yes, a rare Renaissance piece. Da Vinci's "Sforza," an equestrian model of a never executed statue. I consider it to be the prize of tonight's auction of objets d'equestrian. Horse things. Geez, Gates was killed. Who do we send the thank you note to? Did I miss anything? "You could be swinging on a star." The song's over! Come on! "You could be swinging on a star." "Every day you meet quite a few." "He can't write his name or read a book. To fool people is his only thought." "He kicks up at anything he hears. You know they invented something while you were inside. Called a watch. You got about five minutes and change. They record everything their video surveillance takes in... No need. Guards' station's right there. Hey, you promised......Don't worry, I'm wearing my girdle. Don't wet your diapers. I'll have to change them. "Witchcraft." What's the running time? Rutherford Auction... that name... There goes five seconds...My record's eighteen. Hey, I'm sorry, man. I'm putting out a fire with kerosene. Just means it'll take you an extra 31 seconds to seduce. You re still the best, I know it. Hmmm, nasty little safe on the 7th. Hmmmm..... Sure. That's why his meatballs are made out of marinated Chuck Wagon. Hey, get this irritable guy a cappuccino. I gotta go be a boss. I didn't know how to tell you. A couple brokers stopped in for Stoley Spritzers one night. Next thing I know Fast Track Digest votes us "Watering Hole of the Month." Now, I'm shopping for Aqua Salmon wallpaper. Those dago-guinea-I can say this shit I'm Italian-wop motherfu-- So Mr. Coffee, what went down outside the prison? Oh man, you still got a thing for those unmasculine European coffees? Who's your buddy? Now that you're born again,what do you wanna do? Statue of Liberty? Entertain some ladies? Miss Saigon tix? Seduce some women? Play Nintendo? Bone some chicks? Still do the puzzles, still know the running times of songs, and I'll bet you're still the best damn cat burg-- Show off. Hey, boss tune. "Come Fly with Me." Don't say it, Hawkins. I'm incredibly sensitive about my fucking figure. Lousy day? The man's getting out of prison and he's having a lousy day. What, you missing out on the Cell Block Water Ballet pageant? Believe me, it's overrated. That's the first thing I did. Smooch the ground and taste the freedom. Sorry I was late. Miss anything?My plan is just beginning. I'll forgive you for denying me the pleasure of slaughtering my boorish employers, but I'm afraid the birth of the new British Empire can have no witnesses! How. Welcome back to Vinci. It's Boston, Mr. Mayflower. Welcome to Rome, sir. Ta ta, Hudson Hawk.Lucky for us, the Da Vinci is located in a wing of the Kremlin that they used to throw the Miss Ukraine pageant and stuff. It'll have the least number of guards.... With all due respect to that great blouse, why didn't I cut out her heart? Grapple, Biker's bottle, hairspray, black turtleneck, Pocket Fisherman, acid, collapsible yardstick, softball, and 72 stamps. Gee Stud, this is going to be some date. No Harvey's Bristol Cream? George, you promised. No Old CIA/ New CIA jokes... What the hell.... Snickers, baby, I love you like a brother, but really, who cares? Silencer bomb... Damn baby, when's the last time you had a vacation...Jesus, I gotta get out of this job. If my Mom knew her daughter assassinated the leader of the anti-Apartheid movement.... Actually we're in Italy, Snickers, she said as if it made a difference.God go with you, sister. I'm sorry for losing it back there, but you must remember, sister, you have vows to God as well as a mission to the world. Oh, why couldn't I be the Cardinal in charge of catering.... If the Mayflowers get the three sections of Da Vinci's crystal and his instructions for the gold machine-- Aie-yi--Do we got anything? What of Alex, Hawk's friend, where is his loyalty? Sorry. Seventeen Hail Marys and five minutes outside. "Messed around" messed around? I know-- I don't want to know. First base? Second Base? Stop me when I'm getting warm... Anna, what are you trying to say... Hit me with your best shot. Let me be the one to quote Scripture. ....As an agent of our organization, you are put in awkward situations. Just remember, Hudson Hawk is an evil, evil man. Attempt, you mean. The vanity of this man, Hudson Hawk. The Vatican has foiled the advances of Pirates and Terrorists. We will not lie down for some schmuck from New Jersey. Must you flirt with him so realistically? Did he mention the Mayflowers?Good job, not pretty, but good. What's your favorite sport, Hawk? Hawk, you're a great thief. Got set up, did some time, nothing to be ashamed of. Don't give me a sonata about you always just really wanted to settle down, open a hardware Store and sell spatulas... You're hitting Rutherford's Auction House. Easy as my brother's wife. Directions are in the bag. Just open the seventh floor safe and take out the thingie... How many times do I have to say it? I didn't put the hit on Little Eddie... Never had anything against that kooky chimp. I actually found him, "endearing."That New-York-Italian-Father- made-twenty-bucks-a-week-son- of-a-bitch. What was our bet? A million? So let's get busy. Have some fun and make some deals. I look at you Soviet people and I feel... pity... superiority. Most of your life, your government has told you that Capitalism turns people into robots who'd rather eat microwave sushi, naked in the back of a Cadillac than hear the laughter of children. Well, that said, the last ingredient in the recipe is in, get this, you're gonna die, the Kremlin. Alchemy! Is the business term of the 90's, my man! Minerva read about it in an airline magazine about four years ago. I dumped some lira into research... Shazam, we come across a diary by one of Da Vinci's apprentices detailing La Machine de Oro, the gold machine for those at home, and the rest is about to become history. Money isn't everything, gold is. Fuck blue chip stocks! Fuck T-bills! Fuck Junk Bonds! I got the real deal! Money will always be paper but gold will always be gold! So, Captain Hawk, in one of your paws you got a gold bar worth about 8 thou. In the autre, you got lead that won't get you gelato. I don't care. Haven't you ever seen, like David Niven? You know tiptoe in, tiptoe out. Listen Hawk, this might be hard to believe, but I'm a regular joe. I just want to be happy and happiness comes from the achieving of goals. It's just when you make your first billion by the age of 19, it's hard to keep coming up with new ones. But now finally I got my new goal. World domination. With your help...Bunny....quit that! Hawkmeister, we got you clothes, great hotel, and a 250,000 lira per diem. Outbid by my own wench, quelle bummere. What a pleasant surprise. You're probably wondering... I'll torture you so slowly you'll think it's a career! I'll kill your family, your friends, and the bitch you took to the Prom! Come to think of it there is a part of your body that you won't need for your next job... Way to go, Alfie! How many people did you break that thing in front of. Good help's hard to find. Oh... Let's see. There are organizations that think we wanted the "Sforza" for reasons other than putting it in the Da Vinci museum we're building in Vinci. Hopefully, these organizations think our plan has been ruined with the explosion of our replica. If I seem vague, grand. We want a low profile on this, that's why I got Kaplan and the Candy bars involved. I helped George help the Mario Brothers and Gates help get you out.... So Hawkasaurus, I won't mince words... Because I didn't want to get hurt, taterhead. For those kind of wages, I could have built the factory in America! They're Vietnamese, can't we just give them more Bart Simpson shirts? I hear depressing news like this and I want to commit genocide! Alfred, hold my calls. So, Hawk! The Hawkster! What do you think of the vehicle?So when's that Sebastian-Cabot- Buckingham-Palace-looking- Butlerhead getting here? All this trouble for a horsey. I may not know art, but I know what I like. Hudson Hawkins gets the chair of honor. How about a Gates-arita? I used real hot dogs. That's the beauty. It's bullshit, but I can make it stick because I'm a good guy parole officer and you re a bad guy who's about to find out that there's a thin line between ex-con and escape con. Remember that shoe you lost... Remember that guy in the cell next to you who hung himself? You wouldn't be out if it wasn't for me! I did dog and pony for you! You think they would have let you out after what you did, you told the board members they looked like the Three Stooges... The auction house, asshole. One night's work and you're free like no ex-con's ever been. No checking in with a shrink, no community service teaching retards how to play air hockey. It's a great deal, I can't lie. Why do you show your parole officer such disrespect? Especially after I got you such a nice job. Have a seat. Good to see you, buddy ol' pal...Let's just forget it, I mean... You're a reed, man. I gotta get Anna. Hang in there... Alex, are you.... I don't want to sound immature, but we were here first... "We all had our quarrels and parted..." You can be lookout!..... Take Alex's gun. That was close.... "Oh this lock is a pain in the bu-utt" Don't worry, we'll get it... "Oh, we ain't got a barrel of money. Okay. Count of three? Yeah, I mean, come on, going through the Iron Curtain is supposed to be crawling underneath barbed wire, it's supposed to be strangling a guard... Shwoof, that makes me feel better. I can't believe this is the Iron Curtain. All the guy at Airport customs wanted to know was "Who Shot J.R.?" Geez, this Art Treasures Room looks like a burnt diaphragm. Rio, Alex? After all they've done to...Hey, these tickets are for Moscow! No sweat, Alex, you only made the biggest mistake of my life. What was your per-diem? You bastard. You fucked my freedom for a lousy job. Alex, my man, it's time to play a little offense. Where's your tux? Because I'm tired of not understanding things. Cops, Mafia, and butlers forcing me to bust my ass to steal something, which it turns out I really didn't steal--it's fucked up. Boing. Uh, this I don t understand... "Attempted." At-tempt-ted! I'm not happy about having to steal that horse, but I do have my pride. Face it, when it comes to burglary, and sex, I.... Okay, you got me, Mr. PBS. The Butler did it. Guy was a cross between Alistair Cook and a Cuisinart. Dude took Mr. Ed and humptied dumptied it over Gates's head. He said it was made by, get this, Leonardo.. Oh, not much. Gates just had his tonsils taken out. The hard way. Paint a woman in a lighthou--I don't want to steal a horse. Life is... What am I doing here? There are so many things I wanna do that aren't this. Paint a lighthouse. Kiss a woman in Italy. "And all the monkeys aren't in the zoo." "And though he's slippery, he still gets caught." "A mule is an animal with long funny ears." 5:32. "Swinging on a Star." Yes, master-thief, I can see that. You said something about a plan... Cameras? Whoa, you better cut a bigger hole than that. Alex! I'm sorr--Goddamn Mario Brothers. Goddamn Gates. Goddamn Rutherford Auction House. By the way, how many seconds? You're not...LISTENING! This isn't funny. I'm not into this. I... But you got three guards who... Shit, what am I doing? Where's the want ads? Gonna sell some spatulas. The safe's a Simpson 71. Last time I played the game, Simpson only had a 40. It's Captain Bob's steering wheel! Remember when the Captain..... Yo Pandora, quit hummm-ing... look at this. Alex, did you know this ape was going to be here... I read about these people in Newsweek. Where's all the regulars, Crazy Jeff Cava, the Todd sisters, Indian Joe? Where's Ed Kranepool's autograph? Captain Bob's steering wheel? Ah, had the perfect amount of foam. Just get me to the bar... It's the one good thing in my life that'll never change.... Oh, not much. Mario Brothers want me to do a job. Come on, Alex, let's just get to Alex's. Your bar's the only place that's going to cheer me. God, I'd kill for a damn cappuccino. What the hell's a Nintendo? Not anymore. Now I'm the laziest damn cat burg--I'm going to take it so straight that I won't tape a Mets game without the expressed written consent of the National Baseball League. Three minutes, 51 seconds. That's your definition of "Hard?" My next word was gonna be "consciousness." Swear to God... tubby. Looks like you've been expanding your... Your timing, and your shoes, are impeccable... Good to see you, Alex, been having a lousy day. Ooh-kay... You're unemployed, Alfie. Boss is dead. Her plan is over. Last rites, sister? My life is not some deal. I... Yes way. Too-do-loo, babe. I got my planet back. Have I ever told you the world is beautiful... I'd really like to play Nintendo with you, or something... I wanna know... Yeah, but what would happen if that little mirror came out of the crystal. Wha..... I hope you know what.... This is too bad to be false. I told you not to call me Hudson. The only people who called me that were the nuns at... Fits my new image. A thief for the masses. This is one job I'm not going to feel guilty about enjoying. Gum. Hey, don't take your disguise so seriously. Selfish attitude? I'm just some guy who wants a little nap and a cappuccino for when he wakes up, not too much foam... You better believe I can. I'm sick of people telling me what I have to do. You know, the place where you gave the bad guys the Codex.... the Mayflower Museum. Oh. Well, what's this? And you, Dr. Cappucino, you're lucky I don't hit women, assuming you are a woman. I'm not taking anything for granted anymore. This doesn't taste like cappuccino. Ooh, I guess I do know something Here's looking at you, kid... Does everyone in the world know more than me? Jesus, I'm just some guy who happens to be good at swiping stuff.....Lifted a piece of licorice when I was one and a half. Who knew it would lead... They even got the CIA involved! Wha-- It's not what you think. Okay, maybe it is.... Oh. No. Catholic girls are scary... Hey now, outside of a very friendly dog this morning, it's been a slow decade. I don't make love every ten years, I get a little cranky. tickles, ticKleS, TICKLES. Uh....old badminton injury. I seem to have a thing for sinning. sinning. Check please.... Let's just say, I never saw E.T. I was the Warden? This is bueno. They had the worst ketchup in prison.....uh... I never break a date. Scout's honor. Said. And I'll bring my entourage... God, I wish I could say the same thing. What about having a nice, dull dinner with me tonight. Scrabble, Knock-knock jokes, Anecdotes about famous dead Italians.... You're not an unmysterious thang yourself. Oh, you read that. The Vatican is made of constant mysteries meant to be enjoyed, not explained. Whoa, part 2. Does it go to Times Square? Could you believe that crazy elephant? Whoa. Name's Hawkins, Eddie Hawkins. My nickname's Hudson Hawk, but don't call me Hudson, not even as a joke. The Nuns at St. Agnes called me that and they're the ones who helped make me what I am today. Not a compliment... Never, why do you ask? That's what you theenk. Yes, and my giraffe loves it, too... Because Danger, Doc, is my middle... Excuse me, Milady. I would have flown over and carried you up to a pink cloud, but I left my cape at the cleaners. Forget about it--it was nothing-- anybody would have done the same thing--It's an impulse... Oh, the shit is going to hit the fa-- Ah, the mafia, the cops; do I know how to party or what? Baseball, why? If the Mario brothers weren't Jersey's third largest family, I'd say kiss my ass. But considering your status, I'll say slurp my butt. Or you cut off my thingie. Directions even your brother would understand. Sure. Face down. Two endearing shots to the back of the head. That's your mark, man. What did Little Eddie ever do to... But you're going to tell us anyway... You want an address on that last one? Hey, guys, I've always wanted to sing like Franki Valli and the other seasons, but come on.... I guess that's a no. If you're pausing for a "thank you," give it up. So boss, you going to tell me what the crystal piece inside the pony means? Whatever. You own Boardwalk, you own Park Place, you own the four railroads. You think you're God. For all I know, you're probably right. I just wanted to have a damn cappuccino, maybe play some Nintendo after I find out what it is. Man, why didn't you just buy the horse? What am I saying, you did buy it... You could host American Bandstand in here. Why did you duck at the auction, asshole? You certainly do. Weren't you the bartender at Jonestown? What else do you got under there ... I don't want to be rude, but this is all pretty lame. Uh, yeah. Cut to the chase. Yes. How was I supposed to know they were women? Besides one of them was bald and kept saying "Soitinly." The only thing you can't do is get sex for free. I know I was in prison for like basically the 80's, but, call me daffy, aren't you supposed to stop me from committing crimes. You know, Book-em-Dano, Call-for-backup, Give-a-Hoot-Don't-Pollute. What job? The pleasure's all yours, Officer Gates. And to think I thought you were Evil Incarnate in pumps. Except yours-yours. The goal of world domination. Well, if you put it that way, Minnie. How can I resist? You killed a friend. Why should I help you go for the gold? If you think you're getting past me... Bunny, not you too? Sure. The Kremlin. Makes sense. The Kremlin. Why not? Listen, this is all too Indiana Jones and the Lost City of King Tut for me, man. Throw me in jail and go ahead, just try and throw Alex... Alchemy. Two minutes, 35 seconds. Damnit, I'm involved in this thing, so I just wanna know what this thing is. I wanna be treated as an adult. Just browsing. Don't touch me.... You wouldn't risk the dime to call the police. You have no proof. Anybody have a cigarette? But seriously, do me a favor and Concorde me back to prison. I don't care anymore. I hope you have the receipts for the threads. Guess I know who wears the penis in this family. Damnit, I hate this! I'm a cat burglar! Nobody said anything about this fight-to-the-death shit. Just shut up and hit me! Don't be stupid...they... Tonight? You're whacked. The timing's off, I'm underequipped Damnit, I have a date! You know Kaplan, if you weren't the slimiest pinata of shit that ever lived, I'd feel sorry for you. This is the worst night... Why does this have to be so hard... No. But why do you let Butterfinger keep those blood stains on his shirt? I don't think you'll appreciate their choice of weenie. Can't you see the Mayflowers double-crossed you... If you do anything to my friend... Thanks for sharing. Why George, you big softie... I'm supposed to fall for that? Employer? The president? Three minutes, twenty-three seconds. If you think I'm doing another... To what do I owe the dishonor of a reunion, you centrally intelligent scumsicle. But I'm not the type of guy to hold a grudge. Bastard, you're going to need another nose! Don't I know you...As for our plan of action, anybody'd be insane to go in from the ground floor... Close call, but she's our only way of keeping tabs on that damn mysterious Vatican organization. Hawk, it's time to go to the principal's office.... Snickers, make the list happen. Oh and it's one thing to play hide and seek with the Mayflower's pathetic staff, but we're sore losers. I've put jumper cables on the nipples of children and not always in the line of duty. I call them the MTV.I.A. Punks think Bay of Pigs is an herbal tea. They think the Cold War involves penguins and... Don't you just hate kids... Actually he never told us what it was. Anna. Anna. Anna. If that were true, Almond Joy would have handed you your heart right after you handed me the Codex. Now, get some sleep. Kit Kat... It's the site of their new museum and we're taking it over. Operation Deflower Mayflower is going full speed ahead. And then we'll arrest those greedy pigs... Is that it? Way to go, Anna. Tell me about it... I can't believe this. I'm in fucking Russia, or do I have to say, the fucking Soviet Union and I'm shooting a non-Bolshevick. I never thought I'd say "I'm just in this job for the money." Sad. Any last immature quips? They may be scum, but if I get the Da Vinci model back, then we'll be roasting weenies on the beach. Yeah, right. By the way, as long as I'm getting things off my chest, I'm the one who killed your little monkey. Made it look like a Mafia hit. Did it for fun. Ciao. We blow up space shuttles for breakfast. You and your friend Alex would be a late afternoon Triscuit. God, I miss communism. The Red Threat. People were scared, the Agency was respected, and I got laid every night. Hawk, Hawk, Hawk. Enjoying Italy? I always had a soft spot for Rome. Did my first barehanded strangulation here. Communist politician. Shucks. Guess not. No, somebody powerful. Oh. Look. what's that up there? Hush. My employer wants a meeting. I Want to make things up to you. That's why I got you this gig, doll. Hawk, my name's George Kaplan and to quote the late, great Karen Carpenter, "We've only just begun." I used you as a diversion. while you were getting captured upstairs, I was shredding documents in the basement. Deep down, I guess I was just jealous. You were one incredible thief... You just might. I'm the guy who tricked you into robbing a government installation and then had you sent to prison for it. At the time, I was bald with a beard, no moustache, and I had a different nose, so if you don't recognize me, I won't be offended.You're supposed to be dead! This is the room above the Art Treasures room. The lock is a Natalya Z-Z, first created... Quit bitching, you got the employee of the month plaque for that shit...Ah to be in Pari-is and in love. Italy, France, Moscow. They all just wanna be Nebraska. Old Man Kaplan thinks since Communism is dead, we got nothing to do. Man, Democracy isn't free elections. We gotta teach the world that Democracy is Big Tits, College Football on Saturdays, Eddie Murphy saying the word "Fuck" and Kids putting their hands down garbage disposals on "America's Funniest Home Videos." Come on, Pierre, Steak-bur-ger, Fren-n-ch Fries. This is France, you gotta have French..... Too bad. Bastard! If you were a true American. Good news, bud, the Mayflowers have moved up the time-table. You're hitting the Vatican to-night. When it rains, it pours. Name's Snickers. The plane leaves in 40.