I've seen him copying files, leaving here late at night. "Threat to assassinate President Kennedy in Dallas, Texas, November 22-23. Information received by the Bureau has determined that a militant revolutionary group may attempt to assassinate President Kennedy on his proposed trip to Dallas, Texas, etc, etc..." Without them, it's going to be near impossible, chief, to prove Shaw's connection to the CIA. We got the same problem with the governors. All of them. Reagan in California won't give us Brading, Ohio refuses Orville Townsend, Texas on Arcacha, and Nebraska on Sandra Moffet. The U.S. Attorney in Washington "declines" to serve our subpoena on Allen Dulles, Charles Cabell, CIA Director Richard Helms, or any FBI agent we named. When you're in a war, boss, you use every weapon you got. My instinct is that Ferrie is going to keep on deteriorating, and we'll end up getting more out of him when he finally cracks. If we call him now, he might freeze up and we could lose the best shot we've ever had. If this is Oswald, it must be our third Oswald. Boss, Oswald impersonators? Sounds like James Bond now.I don't know how they got to me. Maybe cause I repped him here. The Feebees run background checks. On my mama's breasts, man, that's all I got. There wasn't no conspiracy, Jim. If there were, why the hell didn't Bobby Kennedy prosecute it as Attorney General, he was his brother for Chrissake. How the fuck three people could keep a secret like that, I don't know. It was Oswald. He was a nut job. Faggot, y'know, hated this country. There were no phone records. Hell, no! I told this Bertrand cat right off, this isn't my scene, man. I deal with muni court, I'm a hack in nigger town, that kid needs a hot dog. Mario, Jose - they wear names like you and I wear clothes. Today the name is Candy, tomorrow it's Butsie. I wish I could help you, Jim. Three, four. He came in with a few Cubano swishes one time I remember... Like I told to the Washington boys, Bertrand called that summer and asked me to help the kid upgrade his Marine discharge... Always - like tits on a pig. I wish I had a million of those bimbettes. You knew you weren't talking to some low life fag, you know. He had command of the king's English. Swishes. They swish, y'know. Young fags, you know. They'd come into my bureau needing help, no bread, and I'd say, hey man, I ain't Rockefeller, who gonna back you up? These cornmuffins go to the phone and dial... Oh, I first heard these street cats jiving about him back in '56, '57 when I lived down in the Quarter. You can't ever say crime don't pay in Louisiana, Jim - only not as good as it used to. Good chowder, ain't it? They put the heat on, my man, just like you're doing. I gave'em anything that popped into my cabeza. Truth is, I never met the dude. Right. There you go. Grain of salt. Two sides to every coin. Why you keep dancing on my head for, my man? We been thicker'n molasses pie since law school.I always lock my files. And you were the only one here today... What do you mean, you son of a bitch? You found out about Dave Ferrie going to Texas today and you went through all my files to see what was going on. You're a goddamn spy. Who the hell opened my files! You've been looking through my private files, haven't you, you weasel? I couldn't be more serious, Jack. Those big red eyes have me wondering about your loyalty. Who'd ever thought that goofy Oswald kid would pull off a stunt like an assassination? Just goes to show, you can never know about some people. Am I right, Jack? Well, bless my soul. Your eyes are as red as two cherries, Jack. Don't tell me we have another bleeding heart here. Hell, all these years I thought you were on my side. Get home my ass. We're going to the office, have another drink. I want some company tonight. Well, the kid musta gone nuts, right? I said Oswald must've flipped. Just did this crazy thing before anyone could stop him, right? Bullshit! Bartender, another round... Here's to the New Frontier. Camelot in smithereens. I'll drink to that. A bullshit President! I don't see any weeping for all the thousands of Cubans that bastard condemned to death and torture at the Bay of Pigs. Where are all the tears for the Russians and Hungarians and Chinese living like slaves in prison camps run by Kennedy's communist buddies - All these damned peace treaties! I'm telling ya Jack, that's what happens when you let the niggers vote. They get together with the Jews and the Catholics and elect an Irish bleeding heart. All this blubbering over that sonofabitch! They're grieving like they knew the man. It makes me want to puke.Maybe I have a little more respect for this country's institutions than you do, Susie. You tell me how the hell you can keep a conspiracy going between the Mob, the CIA, FBI, and Army Intelligence and who knows what else, when you know you can't even keep a secret in this room between 12 people! We got leaks everywhere! We're going to trial here! What the hell do we really got? Oswald, Ruby, Banister, Ferrie are dead. Shaw - maybe he's an agent, I don't know, but as a covert operator in my book he's wide open for blackmail 'cause of his homosexuality. Grab your socks and pull... Clay Bertrand is Clay Shaw... Susie, you're an assistant D.A., remember. Stick to what you can prove in court. Maybe there's more to this, Susie. The CIA's keeping something from our enemies. No, I'm not... Frank, I don't want to hear it. Yeah, I guess you do. Boss would fry me in hog fat if he knew... Hey, where y'at, Frank? You're wasting your time here. Big Jim gave strict orders. No FBI allowed. Keep saying what? ...rumor is Shaw, a local boy, was working on some arms deal to discredit the civil rights movement. No one really knows what they were doing there, but everyone sure saw 'em. They stood out like cottonballs. I got whites and blacks saw 'em, but last time I checked there was nothing illegal with registering to vote. We still got the Negro junkie, Vernon Bundy, saw 'em talkin' at the seawall near Lake Pontchartrain. But it's tough, boss - no one wants to talk about Shaw. He's... Yeah. They were seen together in Clinton in early September. The Civil Rights Movement was running a voter registration drive. With whose testimony? Willie O'Keefe? A male prostitute. Jack Martini? A drunk? Vernon Bundy? A dope fiend. Shaw's got respect, the newspaper editors, the American Bar Association - they're not... The fact is he's gone, chief, and so's our case. It's addressed to no one and no signature. "To leave this life is, for me, a sweet prospect. I find nothing in it that is desirable and on the other hand, everything that is loathsome." You, Numa? What do you think, Lou? Pretty fast, wasn't it. The way they let him go. So why does he call himself Bertrand? Clay Bertrand is Clay Shaw? The guy who used to run the International Trade Mart? What's the other name? Who is he, Joe? I've been to every bar, no one wants to talk. Go on, Willie. And that's where you met Oswald for the first time? Did he pay you for this? Clay Bertrand, Willie? This is Louisiana, chief. How the hell do you know who your daddy is? 'Cause your momma told you so... You're way out there taking a crap in the wind, boss, and I for one ain't going along on this one. Jim sighs, saddened. Bill was one of his best men. Yeah. Maybe 'cause there's some rogue element in the Government! Boss, are you calling the President a murderer? Oh, now you're saying Lyndon Johnson was involved? The President of the United States? So for those reasons, you're going to trial against Clay Shaw, chief? Well, you're gonna lose! We should be investigating all our Mafia leads here in New Orleans - Carlos Marcello, Santos Trafficante - I can buy that a hell of a lot easier than the Government. Ruby's all Mob, knows Oswald, sets him up. Hoffa - Trafficante - Marcello, they hire some guns and they do Kennedy and maybe the Government doesn't want to open up a whole can o'worms there because it used the Mob to get to Castro. Y'know, Castro being assassinated sounds pretty wild to John Q. Citizen. So they close the book on J.F.K. It makes sense to me. I don't buy it, chief - why would the FBI cover it up? You're talking the whole FBI here. A telex that disappears from every single FBI office in the country? Where you going, boss? Found another note, same thing, no name, no signature. "When you receive this, I will be quite dead, so no answer will be possible. I offered you love. All I got in return in the end was a kick in the teeth." Well, they offered you the carrot, and you turned it down... you know what's coming next, don't you, boss? That's fine, Numa, but what about all the people who aren't writing letters. They're sitting home reading all these lies. I just heard NBC crew's in town to do a "White Paper" - not on the Kennedy killing, but on us. One of their top guys, Harry Stoner, is talking to everybody he can find about you, boss... That's gonna be tough. Nobody's talking. I still have to question what the legal basis is that supports this, boss. Susie's stuff is colorful, but... But why? He had his palm print on the weapon. And therefore because Oswald pulled the trigger, the intelligence community murdered their own commander in chief. That's what you're saying! I'm lost, boss. What are we saying here? Gee, thanks boss. And the six of us, with almost no budget and in secret, are going to solve the case that the Warren Commission with dozens of support staff and millions of dollars couldn't solve. We can't keep up with the crimes in the Parish as it is, Chief. He'll never sign a statement, boss, let alone get on a witness stand. Well, it's a terrific yard, Chief, but the man's an obvious alcoholic with a reputation lower than crocodile piss. Lord, wake me, please. I must be dreaming. What the hell's a Communist like Lee Oswald doing working out of Banister's? At 7:30 Sunday morning? It's not exactly fresh blood we're sniffing here, boss. The anonymous kind, Chief.If it's a suicide, I seen weirder, Jim. Not in a routine autopsy, but if we looked at the spinal fluid, there might be a high level of iodine, but it's difficult to know. Whatcha thinkin', Jim? He'd die pretty quick, either a heart storm or a ruptured blood vessel in the brain. I don't see any violence, Jim. Heart attack, maybe an aneurysm. Looks like natural causes.I see... and why are you experiencing this paranoia? Why? Mr. Goldberg, you claim you met David Ferrie and Clay Shaw while on a vacation here from your accounting business in New York, you had drinks and, under the influence discussed killing Kennedy, is that not so? Thank you... Mr. Shaw. ...did you ever use the alias Clay Bertrand? ...and have you ever met David Ferrie? ...ever called Dean Andrews? ...Oswald?They're Agency, too. Don't you get it? CIA and Mafia together. Trying to whack out the Beard. Mutual interests. They been doing it for years. There's more to this than you dream. FBI fucking hates the CIA. Navy Intelligence got something to do with it too. Check out "Alan Pope" in Miami. Jack Youngblood. Bill Harvey. Colonel Roselli. The shooter, I hear, was a Dallas cop - the bagman at Ruby's club. I heard he shot his own partner. Got that? Check out the rich fucks in Dallas. H.L. Hunt. He's dirty. That's all I know. But the Agency always runs the show. Check out something called "Mongoose" Operation Mongoose. Government, Pentagon stuff, they're in charge, but who the fuck pulls whose chain who the fuck knows, fun 'n' games man - check out Southeast Asia - that's the next big number - the heroin trail. "Oh, what a deadly web we weave when we practice to deceive." Photographs - compromising stuff. And he'll use 'em. The Agency plays for keeps... I knew Oswald. He was in my Civil Air Patrol unit. I taught him everything. A "wanna be," y'know, nobody really liked him cause he was a snitch. I treated him good. He'd talk about his kid, y'know, really wanted her to grow up with a chance, but... He got a raw deal. The Agency fucked him. Just like they're gonna fuck me. That cocksuckin' faggot! He's got me by the balls. I don't have much time. They don't even need bugs anymore. They got these fuckin' satellite waves. They put a bug in a friend of mine when he was born, right up his nostrils, subcutaneous, between his eyes. He was one of those products of a crossbreading experiment. A Nazi rocket scientist father and a Commie spy mother. You'd never believe half the shit the Agency does. I'm so fuckin' tired. Haven't slept since that shit article came out. Why'd you guys have to go and get me involved with this? I don't know who to trust anymore. Yeah, sure I could use a pot of hot coffee and a few packs of Camels. You got anything new in the investigation? I'm caught in the middle. They're after me. It's almost over. I got no place to sleep. I'll meet you in 20 minutes. ...give me protection? The Fontainbleau? 20 minutes? It leads farther than that. You still questioning any Cubans? You think your investigation's been all that secret? You know, when you talk to people, they talk to other people. I'm a dead man! From here on, believe me, I'm a dead man. Somebody planted that fucking story! And somebody tipped off the press I'm one of Garrison's fucking suspects. I can't go home. I'm out on the street. The maggots are everywhere! Do you know what you've done to me? It's all over the national news now. You know what you've done to me? Yeah, you got it. Since you're the only straight shooter in that fuckin' office, I'd like an answer from you. Did you plant it? You know damn well who it is. Yeah, yeah. But leave me alone for awhile. I got to make some calls. They'll get to you, too - they'll destroy you... They're untouchable, man... I'm so fucking exhausted I can't see straight. Shit! Forgot to glue this fuckin' rug today. You know, at one time I even had a full head of hair like everyone else. And then I lost that. That fuckin' Clay Shaw. I hate the bastard. All I got left is in his rotten, bloody hands. He tipped the newspapers - I know it. That's how the Agency works. They use people, chew them up, spit 'em out. Now it's my turn. Oh man, why don't you stop. This is too fuckin' big for you! Who did Kennedy? It's a mystery wrapped in a riddle inside an enigma. Even the shooters don't fuckin' know! Don't you get it yet? I can't be talking like this. They're gonna kill me. I'm gonna die! I don't know what happened. All I wanted in the world was to be a Catholic priest - live in a monastery, study ancient Latin manuscripts, pray, serve God. But I had this one terrible, fatal weakness. They defrocked me. And then I started to lose everything. Jack? Jack was a pimp. A bagman in Dallas for the Mob. He used to run guns to Castro when he was still on our side. Check out Jack Youngblood. Shit - we almost had Castro. Then we tried to whack him. Everybody's flipping sides all the time. It's fun 'n' games, man fun 'n' games. Shaw's an "untouchable", man - highest clearance. Shaw, Oswald, the Cubans - all Agency. You make it sound like some remote fuckin' experience in ancient history. Man, you never leave the Agency. Once they got you, you're in for life. Black, black - just give it to me. Shit. I'm so exhausted. My neck is killing me. I've got cancer. Had it for years. I been working with mice, y'know, trying to come up with a cure. Same one. I didn't know no impersonator. Fuckin' A. How do you think the Agency gets people to do their bullshit? Fuck knows what they got on Oswald! Everybody! The Agency. The Mob. The Cubans. Yeah, follow the Cubans. Check them out. Here, in Dallas, Miami. Check out a guy named Eladio del Valle. My paymaster when I flew missions into Cuba - he's somewhere in Miami. You're on the right track. You think I was a getaway pilot for the assassination, don't you? Oh, you got that? Banister's pet project. Getting paid by the government to work against the government. Beautiful. What a mind he had, what a guy, Guy. He had all those files. Leon's in a bad mood, don't get excited, he's all right. Why? What's wrong? Yes, now I remember, Mr. Garrison. I'm sorry, I got confused. We got out there near the geese and it was only then we realized we'd forgotten our shotguns. Stupid, right? So of course we didn't get any geese. Oh yes, well, come to think of it, they're right. We got to where the geese were and there were thousands of them. But you couldn't approach them. They were a wise bunch of birds. I believe the boys got a couple. In the morning we went goose hunting. Then headed home, but I dropped the boys off to see some relatives and I stayed in Hammond. No particular reason. Just to go somewhere. We went straight to Houston, and then Saturday night we drove to Galveston and stayed over there. Oh, it was just a spur of the moment thing... the storm wasn't that bad. I hadn't been there ice skating in many years, and I had a couple of young friends with me, and we decided we wanted to go ice skating. Yeah, now that's true. I drove to Houston. No, I never saw him before in my life. No... if he did, I don't remember him. There were lots of kids in and out... y'know. That's not true. I never met anybody named Oswald. Anybody who told you that has to be crazy. Do you mind if I smoke, Mr. Garrison? Do you remember me, Mr. Garrison? I met you on Carondolet Street right after your election. I congratulated you, remember?Oh yes, there were admirals - and when you are a lieutenant colonel in the Army you just follow orders, and at the end of the autopsy we were specifically told - as I recall it was Admiral Kenney, the Surgeon General of the Navy - we were specifically told not to discuss the case. No, because there were others. There were admirals. No. I don't remember his name. You must understand it was quite crowded, and when you are called in circumstances like that to look at the wound of the President who is dead, you don't look around too much to ask people for their names and who they are. Well I heard Dr. Humes stating that - he said... I had the cause of death. I was told that the family wanted examination of the head.Yes, you are. Look we know Oswald didn't pull that trigger. Castro did. But if that comes out, there's gonna be a war, boy - millions of people are gonna die. That's a hell of a lot more important than Jim Garrison. Goddammit, look at me when I talk to you! You're too goddamn self- opinionated, now shut up. If you got a brain in that thick skull of yours, listen to me. Listen real hard. Who do you think fed him that information? Garrison's going down. We're talking your career here, Bill, your life. You're a young guy... we know you're working that Castro thing. Senator Long set your boss up, my friend. You've got nothin', Bill. I'm talking as a friend now. You're riding on the Titanic. Time to jump off before you get destroyed along with Garrison. Your boss got a serious problem, Bill. Real serious. We know what's been going on at your office It's you I want to talk to, Bill. Bill.I can't believe you're saying this in the courtroom. That's our case! Jesus, Ed, from time immemorial it's been standard booking procedure to ask an alias. You know that. There's no constitutional requirement that says a lawyer has to be present for routine questions. What?Well, you see, I've been subject to hypnosis and psychological warfare ever since 1948, when I was in Korea... Well, I wanted to make sure she's the same girl I sent. I did.I'm scared. Because of Kennedy? Are the same people gonna kill us, Daddy? Are we going away, Daddy? Daddy! Where have you been? A rhinoceros. Can I stay up another hour? Dad, look what I drew. Daddy said it was all right if I was real quiet.I knew something was crooked as a dog's hind leg, 'cause no one who is just taking a deposition gets that involved and angry... sure enough, when I finally read my testimony as published by the Warren Commission, it was a fabrication from start to finish. So off the record, he starts talking about my family, and even mentioned my marriage was in trouble like I didn't know it or something. He got angrier and angrier and then: No. I had guns all my life. I used to go turtle shooting. The truth is that I heard between four and six shots. I'm not going to lie for you. Look, do you want the truth, or just what you want me to say? He kept trying to get me to change my story about the shots. He was getting hot under the collar, and telling the woman not to write when he wanted. No, you don't! Well if they can kill the President, they can certainly get me. He asked me why I thought I was in danger and I said: I was scared. It was all kinda queer, but it sure felt like two and two was coming up three... and then they took Mary's five snapshots from me, sent them to Washington, and when they returned them weeks later, two of them had the backgrounds mutilated... The only one we saved was in Mary's camera. I didn't want to go to Washington when the Warren Commission subpoenaed me... so the lawyer come down here and interviewed me at Parkland Hospital. No, I saw a guy shooting from over there. He was behind that fence. What are you going to do about it? ...which is strange 'cause this is less than 20 minutes after the assassination. Four to six. These new people never identified themselves. They musta been watching the whole thing 'cause they knew everything Mary and me had been doing that day. I guess I wasn't too hard to find - wearing that red raincoat.Gentlemen, I will not hear this. I value Bill as much as anyone here. We all need to make room for someone else's ideas, Lou, especially me. Maybe Oswald is what everyone says he is and I'm just plain dumb wrong. William Walter, the night clerk on duty here in the FBI office, gave me a copy of this. It went all over the country. Nothing was done, and the motorcade went ahead on schedule - and this wasn't even mentioned in the Warren Report! Read it, Al. Well, what do you expect from a pig but a grunt. Not one word. That's an order. I don't care if he was doing it with giraffes in the zoo, Numa, it's none of our business. Let's keep this side of it quiet, shall we? Susie, watch the language, would you please. The interesting thing is the extent to which the Warren Commission went to make him a Communist. They got almost 150 pages and 130 exhibits of the report on this Mexico trip and the picture doesn't even match. I'm beginning to think the point of the Mexican episode was to lay the blame at Castro's door. If Oswald, or someone purporting to be Oswald, had gotten into Cuba, come back, then killed the President, the American public once again would've screamed for a Cuban invasion... Al, you can't tell a mink from a coonskin unless you see the fur up close. Goddamn, Sam! If we don't start reading between the lines here! Y'all gotta start thinking on a different level - like the CIA does. We're through the looking glass. Here white is black and black is white. Of course there weren't. 'Cause they disappeared. And yet the Commission found you, Dean. Then how the hell did you get in the Warren Commission, Dean? Except through the phone records in the Dallas jail? Did you speak to Oswald in Dallas? Recall any names? So you saw Oswald how many times? And Oswald? Did he pay? What was his voice like? Street cats? When did you first do business with this Bertrand? Yeah, she was pretty, all right, but not half as cute as you, Deano. You shoulda tried a legitimate line of business. Now that's pretty important, Dean. You also told the FBI when you met him, he was six foot two. Then you tell the Commission he was five foot eight. How the hell did the man shrink like that, Dean? You tell them the day after the assassination you were called on the phone by this "Clay Bertrand" and asked to fly to Dallas and be Lee Oswald's layer. Because you keep conning me, Dean. I read your testimony to the Warren Commission and... Julius Caesar: "Brutus and Cassius, they too are honorable men." Who killed Caesar? Twenty, twenty-five Senators. All it takes is one Judas, Bill - a few people, on the inside, Pentagon, CIA... With a full-blown conspiracy to cover it up? Y'ever read your Shakespeare, Bill? If I'm so far from the truth, why is the FBI bugging our offices? Why are our witnesses being bought off and murdered? Why are Federal agencies blocking our extraditions and subpoenas when we were never blocked before? I know this, Bill - Lyndon Johnson got $1 billion for his Texas friends, Brown and Root, to dredge Cam Ranh Bay for the military in Vietnam. That's just for openers. I don't doubt their involvement, Bill, but at a low level. Could the Mob change the parade route, Bill, or eliminate the protection for the President? Could the Mob send Oswald to Russia and get him back? Could the Mob get the FBI, the CIA, and the Dallas Police to make a mess of the investigation? Could the Mob appoint the Warren Commission to cover it up? Could the Mob wreck the autopsy? Could the Mob influence the national media to go to sleep? And since when has the Mob used anything but .38's for hits, up close? The Mob wouldn't have the guts or the power for something of this magnitude. Assassins need payrolls, orders, times, schedules. This was a military-style ambush from start to finish... a coup d'etat with Lyndon Johnson waiting in the wings. Shaw's our toehold, Bill. I don't know exactly what he is, where he fits, and I don't care. I do know he's lying through his teeth and I'm not gonna let go of him! There's a word - orders. I don't know, Bill, I just don't know. All right, all right. Break it up. Jesus, they must've been hard pressed to come up with that one. Those bastards! That's proof enough right there of what we're up against. The whole goddamn Federal Government, Bill! Oh Jesus, Stoner!... Why doesn't he call me? I think we should have him in for a little talk. Can you get some sworn statements? Let's start making some assumptions about the man. Why would he leave a path as big as Lee Harvey Oswald's? This is not a thin trail, gentlemen, it is a very wide one. Who found the evidence? Who set him up? Lou, Bill, Susie, I want you to go back and check all the sightings of Oswald in Dallas, New Orleans and Mexico in the summer and fall of '63 - see if it's the same guy. To frame him, obviously. You got to get in your minds how the hell spooks think, Bill! They're not ordinary crooks. It went to the goddamn FBI and they didn't find a goddamn thing. It comes back a week later and one guy in the Dallas police department suddenly finds a palm print which for all I know he could've taken off Oswald at the morgue. There's no chain of evidence, Bill. And what about the tow guns actually seen in the Depository? One an Enfield photographed by a newsman and the other a Mauser, described by Deputy Weitzman... Maybe, just maybe, Lee Oswald was exactly what he said he was Bill - "a patsy". Take it at face value. Lou, Susie, I'm going with my gut here. He's got an alias of Hidell to buy the rifle, "O.H. Lee" to rent the room, right? What's in a name, right? In intelligence, they're assumed to be fake. A name is sort of like a postbox number, a code - several different people can use the same name, right? Then why can't somebody be using Oswald's name? I'll go you one better! Maybe Oswald didn't even pull the trigger, Bill. The nitrate test indicates he didn't even fire a rifle on November 22nd. And on top of that, they didn't even bother to check if the rifle had been fired that day. We're saying that when Oswald went to Russia, he was not a real defector, that he was an intelligence agent on some kind of mission for our government and he remained one till the day he died, that's what we're saying. The murder of a President, Bill, is a crime in Orleans Parish too. I didn't pick you because of your legal skill, you know. When something's rotten in the land, Bill, it generally isn't just one fish, we'll get corroboration... find this Clay Bertrand. If I were a betting man, I'd give you 10 to 1 it's an alias. Start checking around the Quarter. Does that bother you, Bill? I always wondered in court why it is because a woman is a prostitute, she has to have bad eyesight. No, you're awake, Bill, and I'm dead serious. And we're going to start by tracking down your anonymous source from three years ago. How did you find out Dave Ferrie drove to Texas that day? Y'ever heard of a double agent, Bill? I'm beginning to doubt Oswald was ever a Communist... after the arrest, 544 Camp Street never appeared on the pamphlets again. Now here's another one for you: What would you say if I told you Lee Oswald had been trained in the Russian language when he was a Marine? Old stains, Bill, but just as telling. Morning, boys. Ready for a walking tour? Hold your horses. What kinda source? Well, it doesn't make sense, Nick - he was afraid of dying, then he kills himself in a way that leaves no trace, but he leaves two unsigned suicide notes. Can you ascertain if there's Proloid in his system? Nick, what would happen if a man suffering from hypertension were to take an entire bottle of Proloid? What's it look like, Nick? Get some rest, Dave, and you'll feel better in the morning. We'll talk then. Dave, it's going to be okay. Just talk to us on the record and we'll protect you. I guarantee it. Then who killed the President? What about Ruby? And Shaw? Dave, can I just ask you this directly? Did you ever work for the CIA? Did you take a good look at the TV when they had Oswald? Was it the same Oswald, Dave, that was in Dallas, or was it an impersonator. Let me get this straight, now. Clay Shaw is blackmailing you? I don't know. Were you? Who you scared of, Dave? Who was paying you, Dave? You mean about the Cubans getting trained north of the lake? Would you say this "Leon" was actually Lee Harvey Oswald? Dave, I find your story simply not believable. I see. Dave thank you for your time. I'm sorry it has to end inconveniently for you, but I'm going to have you detained for further questioning by the FBI. Your young friends also told us you had no weapons in the car. Dave, isn't it a bit difficult to hunt for geese without a shotgun? But the boys told us they didn't get any. Did you bag any geese on this trip? And then Sunday? Why Galveston? I see. And where did you drive? Dave, may I ask why the urge to go ice skating in Texas happened to strike you during one of the most violent thunderstorms in recent memory? What was so appealing about Houston? Well that must've been mistaken information we got. Thanks for straightening it out for us. There is one other matter that's come up, Dave. We were told you took a trip to Texas shortly after the assassination of Friday. I'm sure you've seen this. Perhaps you knew this man under another name? But you are aware, he served in your Civil Air Patrol unit when he was a teenager. How could I? Dave, as you know, President Kennedy was assassinated on Friday. A man named Lee Harvey Oswald was arrested as a suspect and then was murdered yesterday by a man named Jack Ruby. We've heard reports that Oswald spent the summer in New Orleans and we've been advised you knew Oswald pretty well. How could I forget? You make quite a first impression. Sharon, could you please bring us some coffee? I've heard over the years you're quite a first-rate pilot, Dave. Legend has it you can get in and out of any field, no matter how small... I'm a bit of a pilot myself, you know. Flew grasshoppers for the field artillery in the war. Come in, Dave. Have a seat, make yourself comfortable. Coffee? There were admirals. But you took his orders. He was directing the autopsy. But you were a qualified pathologist. Was this Army general a qualified pathologist? Your Honor, I would ask you to direct the witness to answer my question. Why did Colonel Finck not dissect the track of the bullet wound in the neck? As a pathologist it was your obligation to explore all possible causes of death, was it not? Colonel Finck, are you saying someone told you not to dissect the neck? There's nothing wrong with feeling a little scared, Jasper, Virginia. Telling the truth can be a scary thing. It scared President Kennedy, but he was a brave man. If you let yourself be too scared, then you let the bad guys take over the country, don't you - and then everybody gets scared. No, Jasper, nobody's gonna kill us. Well, it looks like it, Jasper. Hi, Freckle Face. That's something, Jasper. What is it? Sure it is. Freckle Face, if I ever handled a minor felon like that, it'd be all over the papers. I'd catch hell. And this is the alleged murderer of the President? I know. No, I don't think I am, Susie. Anyone else? I think Clinton is a breakthrough. Shaw denies he knows Ferrie or Oswald. Is that right? It proves he's a liar. Keep on it, Bill. I don't believe it! Goddamn! They put Oswald together from Day One! Like some dummy corporation in the Bahamas - you just move him around a board. Sent him to Russia, in and out, no passport problems. You got the word "microdots" in his notebook, you got the Minox camera and the electronic devices they find in his possessions, the sealed DIZ201 personnel file. For all we know, there could be a dozen Oswalds in different cities, countries - all of them leaving a trail of incriminating evidence that could easily be traced to a scapegoat after the assassination. Does the real Oswald know he's been put together? Who knows. It doesn't matter, does it? He's a low level spy, he doesn't know who he really works for... I wonder about the Williams'. Just where did the first description of Oswald come from at 12:44? No one knows. They claimed it was Brennan's, but his description came after 1 P.M. Who called? Somehow the FBI's been tapping the Williams' and picks up a call between Bell Helicopter and Janet's phone, an unidentified voice saying "We both know who's responsible." Who called? Why's the Bureau been tapping them? Presumably so he can now exercise his intellect stacking school texts at $1.25 an hour. Sort of like Benedict Arnold coming back to George Washington's cabinet. Dammit, it doesn't add up! Ordinary people get blacklisted for leftist affiliations! The State Department did everything short of dispatching a destroyer to Minks to insure Oswald's return. Only intelligence people can come and go like that. And Marina? Does she have a problem getting out? But who meets him when he gets off the boat in New York in June '62? This is a man whose secrets cause us to change our radar patterns in the Pacific! He should've been prosecuted as a traitor! Don't get sidetracked! How does he get back to the States? That's the point. Does he have any problems? Makes sense - he's a spokesman. If we go to him our investigation'll hit the front pages by sunrise. Blow up right in our face. Ruby was just given a new trial. If he has something to say, it'll be there. Susie, what did you find out on Oswald? I've spent half my life in the United States military serving and defending this great country, Mr. Shaw, and you're the first person I ever met who considered it an act of patriotism to kill his own president. No, people like you don't have to, I guess - people like you walk between the raindrops. Mr. Shaw, have you ever been a contract agent with the Central Intelligence Agency? ...and that this company is linked to the Schlumber tool company here in Houma, Louisiana - which is where their arms may have come from to David Ferrie and his Cubans... It says that this company has heavily Fascist ties to the French secret army organization that tried to assassinate de Gaulle in 1960. Mr. Shaw, this is an Italian newspaper article saying you were a member of the Board of Centro Mondo Commerciale in Italy, that this company was a creature of the CIA for the transfer of funds in Italy for illegal political-espionage activities. It says that this company was expelled from Italy for those activities. Please answer the question. Mr. Shaw, did you ever meet Lee Harvey Oswald? Mr. Shaw, can you identify this man? No, it was not. Do you know an attorney by the name of Dean Andrews? Does the name Clay Bertrand mean anything to you? Let me show you his picture. ...and that the four of you partied early into the morning hours... David Ferrie. ...in the course of that night, Mr. O'Keefe said a man named David Ferrie stopped by the house... along with another young man... After dinner you paid him to have sex with you. I would imagine a uniformed waiter helps. Perhaps a few more details about the evening will refresh your memory. Mr. O'Keefe told us dinner was served by a uniformed waiter - a colored man. He particularly remembers that you sat at one end and he at the other - which he found rather unusual because the table was so long. Does that bring back memories of Willie O'Keefe? Mr. O'Keefe told us he met you at the Masquerade Bar down in the Quarter and several evenings later you had him over for dinner at your apartment on Dauphine Street. Do you recall that? A Willie O'Keefe? A Perry Russo? We recently talked to a number of men who claim to know you. Are you acquainted with a David Logan? Well... in an investigation we're conducting your name has come up a number of times. Mrs. Mercer, as a former FBI man, it's difficult to accept this. But you didn't seem nearly so sure in your statement to the Warren Commission. You mean you identified him on Saturday, the day before Ruby shot Oswald? In the sheriff's report, Mrs. Mercer, it says you were at Dealey Plaza two hours before the assassination but that... He won... and they killed Robert Kennedy. They shot him down. They killed him, honey. I never doubted for a second that I was. Will you come to the trial, Elizabeth? Well so do I, goddammit! So do I! I had a life too, y'know - I had a life, too. But you just can't bury your head in the sand like some ostrich, goddammit, Elizabeth! It's not just about you - and your well- being and your two cars and your kitchen and your TV and "I'm jes fine honey." While our kids grow up into a shithole of lies! Well, I'm not "fine" about that, I'm angry. My life is fucked, Liz! And yours is, too! And if you don't want to support me I can understand that but don't you go start making threats of taking the children away. That's not why I'm attacking him! You don't believe me - all this time you never believed me. Of course, I've changed! My eyes have opened, and once they're open, believe me, what used to look normal seems insane! And now King. Don't you think this has something to do with that? Can't you see? Damn it, if I say I'll spend more time with him, I'll spend more time with him. I can't fight you and the world too, Liz. I promise I'll make more time for Jasper. I'll take them up to my mother's if it'll make you feel better. Spend a week. I'll change the locks, the phone lines, I'll even get a bodyguard, all right? Elizabeth, get a hold of yourself. Honey, come on. The government wants you to be scared. They want everybody to be scared to speak out. They count on it. But there's nothing to be scared of. Get a hold of yourself. Only cowards make crank calls, sweetheart, nothing is going to happen. Just a crank making phone calls. Happens a dozen times a day at the office. Honey, some crackpot. Martin Luther King was killed in Memphis today! What? Nothing is going to happen to you. I won't let it. Don't be. Nothing to be scared about, honey, I been through four years of war - this is nothing. Did they live? It's going to get worse, honey. I don't know what to tell them. How 'bout the truth - I'm doing my job to make sure they can grow up in a country where justice won't be an arcane, vanished idea they read about in history books, like the dinosaurs or the lost continent of Atlantis. I don't know what to say except I'm sorry. I just don't have rabbits on my mind. Liz, I'm really sorry. The meeting went much longer than expected. Tough day. Look, I'll rush and be there by two, I promise. Go ahead without me. I'm sorry, but it's important. Clay Shaw is important. I'm sorry. Because when I scheduled it I didn't realize it was a holiday. You were there, why didn't you say something? No. I told you I was going to talk to Shaw. You know I don't like these tribal rituals, Freckle Face. I'm interviewing Clay Shaw this morning. It'll be off the record, honey. I'll bring him in on a Sunday. A quiet little chat between gentlemen. Goddammit! I been sleeping for three years! Liz, do I have to spell it out for you? Lee Oswald was no ordinary soldier. That was no accident he was in Russia. He was probably in military intelligence. That's why he was trained in Russian. And then this Colonel tries to make it sound like nothing. Oswald did badly on the test, he says. "He only had two more Russian words right than wrong." Ha! That's like me saying Touchdown here... ...is not very intelligent because I beat him three games out of five the last time we played chess. Honey, in all my years in the service I never knew a single man who was given a Russian test. Oswald was a radar operator. He'd have about as much use for Russian as a cat has for pajamas. It's incredible, honey - the whole thing. A Lieutenant Colonel testifies that Lee Oswald was given a Russian language exam as part of his Marine training only a few months before he defects to the Soviet Union. A Russian exam! Oh, she did, huh? When I come up I'll show you how Saturday night got invented. I can't believe a man as intelligent as Earl Warren ever read what's in those volumes. Mmmmm... sure smells good... but Egghead, do you realize Oswald was interrogated for twelve hours after the assassination, with no lawyer present, and nobody recorded a word of it? I can't believe it. A police captain with 30 years experience and a crowd of Federal agents just had to know that with no record anything that Oswald said would be inadmissible in court. No one's trying to buy you, Willie. It's important to know why you're telling us this. You realize the things you're saying, Willie, are going to be attacked by a lot of different people. Willie, are you willing to repeat your statements under sodium pentothal? Under the supervision of a doctor? Anything else unusual about him you'd be able to describe in a court of law, Willie? For sexual purposes? I want to thank you, Mr. O'Keefe, for this time. I will not have any damned ultimatums put to me, Lou. I'll accept your resignation. Are you giving me an ultimatum, Lou? Maybe you didn't hear what I said. I will not tolerate this infighting among the staff, I warn you that... We need him back. Maybe we should just call it a day, Lou. Go home. While we're still a little behind. We got two people killed, maybe more we never thought about. Head of the CIA since '53. Kennedy fired them both. Cabell was his deputy for nine years. Talk about the fox investigating the chicken coop. Now we'll have to subpoena them, Lou. His boss was the one on the Warren Commission who handled all the leads to the intelligence community. General Charles Cabell. Deputy Director of the CIA. Fired by Kennedy in '61 because of the Bay of Pigs fiasco, he moved back to the Pentagon, called Kennedy a "traitor". When he came to New Orleans to address the Foreign Policy Association, you know who introduced him? Our friend Clay Shaw. Earle Cabell. And guess who his brother is? You know who the mayor was? Who do you think changed the parade route? How many men? Why not just shoot Kennedy coming up Houston? There's plenty of time - he's out in the open - a frontal shot? The Zapruder film is the proof they didn't count on, Lou. We gotta get our hands on it. Didn't Hoover say something about that? The leaves had fallen off in November? Between six and seven seconds. I took it once for a low thyroid condition... It raises the metabolism, Lou. Did David Ferrie strike you as the kind of person who had a low metabolism? I have a plane to catch... going to Washington. An interesting lead, says he's closely connected to these events, but he won't come down here... I know what you're going through with Ferrie, Lou. We'll talk tomorrow. Goddamn Sam! I know you do, Lou. I'm doing three more lectures this month. You're all doing an incredible job, Sue, Al, Numa. But this is one where if you don't nail the other guy, you're dead. How did Jack Ruby dies so quick? Of what? Cancer, right? A history of Nazi Germany, Lou. They were studying viral cancers as a weapon in the 30's. We learned a lot more than you think from the Nazis. Read this. Our biological warfare lab is in Fort Detrick, Maryland. Close to where the National Cancer Institute is located. Think about it. Think the unthinkable - question everything. Unless he or someone else wants him to get caught. Maybe he never ordered the weapon, Lou. Somebody else did. It was picked up at the post office early morning when Oswald's time sheet shows him clocked in at his job. Lou, come alive. These things are not adding up. Can we find her? We need to find more witnesses, Lou. Hoboes I knew of old used to sleep in their clothes - these two look pretty young. I can't say that comes as a surprise anymore. We're going back into the case, Lou - the murder of the President. I want you to take some money from the Fees and Fines Account and go to Dallas - talk to some people. Bill, I want you to get Oser on the medical, the autopsy, Susan on Oswald and Ruby histories, tax records... Bill, Lou, we're standing in the heart of the United States Government's intelligence community in New Orleans. That's the FBI there, the CIA, Secret Service, ONI. Doesn't this seem to you a rather strange place for a Communist to spend his spare time? Upstairs. In 1963 that was the Office of Naval Intelligence - And just by coincidence, Banister, before he was FBI, was ONI. What do they say? Take a look across the street. Lou, you were in the Marines. Who would be running that training? Remember whose office this was back in '63? 531 Lafayette Street. I know David - a strange character. Let's get outta here, Lou. I saw too much stuff like this in the war. Oh no!... How bad? What's wrong, Lou? Russell, honestly you sound like one of those kooky critics spreading paranoia like prairie fire. I just can't believe the Chief Justice of the United States would put his name on something that wasn't true. You think there were other men involved, Russell? You know, something always bothered me about that from day one, and I can't put my finger on it. I thought the FBI test-fired the rifle to make sure it could be done? I sometimes feel things've gone downhill since John Kennedy was killed, Senator. Sure they do. The camera can pick this up. That's exactly my question, Jerry. Maybe I'd better show you some pictures so you can begin to understand what I am talking about. Well, if I am, why is the Government concealing evidence? Your faith in the veracity of the major media is touching, Jerry. It indicates that the Age of Innocence is not yet over. But seriously, Jerry, people aren't interested in Jim Garrison - they want the hard evidence! They want to know why he was killed and what forces were opposed to... I've been called everything under the sun, Jerry. Call me whatever you like. Just think... just think. What happened to our country .. to the world... because of that murder... Vietnam, racial conflict, breakdown of law, drugs, thought control, guilt, assassinations, secret government fear of the frontier... ...some story... the whole thing. It's like it never happened. His name? Ever ask him? ...and your General? Any chance of one of them confessing someday? Just speculating, I guess. How do you think it started? Well, thanks for coming. I haven't yet. I don't have much of a case. The size of this is... beyond me. Testify? I don't... I can't believe it. They killed him because he wanted to change things. In our time - in our country? I've already been warned by the Agency, Mr. Whoever. If this is another type of threat, I don't... Well, I just hope it was worth my while, Mr... Yes. Nobody knows what we're talking about, Jack. Hold on, Jack. What's the problem? The assassination, Jack? Clay Bertrand. He's in the Warren Report. He tried to get Oswald a lawyer. Was Kennedy ever discussed, Jack? Bertrand. Clay Bertrand? Anyone else involved at Banister's level? Anything more specific, Jack? It's important. And Oswald? Where is Banister in all this? Was he there often? Why did Guy beat you, Jack? You have other information? Well, I'd ask Guy - we were friendly, you know - heart attack, wasn't it? How much more? Yet on November 22, 1963 - the day of the President's murder - our police report says he pistol-whipped you with a .357 Magnum. But the police report says you had an argument over the phone bill. Here, take a look at it. Now, does a simple argument over phone bills sound like a believable explanation to you? And he never hit you before? Here's my problem, Jack. You told me you and Guy were good friends for a long time? It's a means to an end. This war has two fronts - in the court of law, we hope, against the odds, to nail Clay Shaw on a conspiracy charge. In the court of public opinion, it could take another 25 or 30 years for the truth to come out, but at least we're going to strike the first blow. I don't think so, Al. You remember the Hemingway story, "The Old Man and the Sea"? The old fisherman manages to catch this great fish - a fish so huge he has to tie it to the side of the boat to get it back in. But by the time he reached shore, the fish had long since been picked apart by sharks and nothing was left but the skeleton. He'll never make it. If he wins, they'll kill him. He wants to avenge his brother. He'll stop that war. No, they'll kill him before they let him become President. I expected that two months ago, and they're wasting their time... The bad news is the National Guard has just asked me to resign after 18 years. Well, maybe that's good news - it was never as good as combat, but this is. Bill, any more on Oswald and Shaw? I just don't want to do it. What else? No, she could get hurt. If you believe what's happening to these other people. Okay, you handle it, Numa. I don't have time for this nonsense. We've obviously got the bastards worried now. I'm going to Washington. You just need some sleep, Lou. It won't look so bad when... Even your own wife, Numa. Any of you want to quit, do me a favor... put us out of our misery. It's a contradiction, Numa, get used to them. The only explanation for the royal treatment is he did give them radar secrets. Or fake secrets. How long do you think it would take me to be appointed? And what would I have to do? The job manages to keep me pretty busy. That's it. Less than you would guess. Most days two to three assistant D.A.'s. A handful of police investigators. If you must know, virtually nothing. I imagine because this is the Criminal District Court Building This is an enlargement of a potential shooter standing behind the picket fence. We... Germany. They've been enlarged and show a lot of detail... We can use all the support we can get. I think these might interest you. Yes, your letter indicated you were in he oil business up there. Welcome, Mr. Miller. Jim Garrison. Would you care for some coffee?No, it can't! Pictures like this don't show up on television! Are they? Why would they? Some people would say you're paranoid. There have been a number of reports in reputable news media - Time, Newsweek, our own NBC - that you have gone way beyond the legal means available to a prosecutor, that you've intimidated and drugged witnesses, bribed them, urged them to commit perjury. What is your response? Welcome, District Attorney Garrison. May I call you Jim?Well, I am saying it. Bring in the jury. If that's your case, you didn't have a case. I wouldn't believe whatever Habighorst said, anyway. I call'em as I see'em, Jim. I'm ruling it inadmissible. I'm going to have to ask the jury to leave the courtroom.Look, we can put you in a mental institution. We can make you look crazier'n Marguerite Oswald, and everybody knows how crazy she is. I realize you're under a great deal of stress .. it's clouded your judgement. ...you heard echoes. I want the truth. That doesn't make sense, Mrs. Hill. We have the man that killed the President.Honey, another one of these. This one's as weak as cricket pee-pee. Yessir, you mark my words, Jim, Vietnam's gonna cost Johnson '68 and it's gonna put that other varmint Nixon in - then watch your hide, 'cause there ain't no offramps on a freeway to Hell! Hell, you're the District Attorney. You read the Warren Report - and then you tell me you're satisfied Lee Oswald shot the President all by his lonesome. If I were investigatin', I'd round up the 100 best riflemen in the world and find out which ones were in Dallas that day. You been duck hunting? I think Oswald was a good old-fashioned decoy. What'd he say? "I'm just a patsy." Out of the mouth of babes y'ask me. Sure, three experts and not one of them could do it! They're telling us Oswald got off three shots with world-class precision from a manual bolt action rifle in less than six seconds - and accordin' to his Marine buddies he got Maggie's drawers - he wasn't any good. Average man would be lucky to get two shots off, and I tell ya the first shot would always be the best. Here, the third shot's perfect. Don't make sense. And then they got that crazy bullet zigzagging all over the place so it hits Kennedy and Connally seven times. One "pristine" bullet? That dog don't hunt. Don't get me started on that. Those Warren Commission fellows were pickin' gnat shit out of pepper. No one's gonna tell me that kid did the shooting job he did from that damned bookstore. Sad thing is the way it's screwing up this country, all these hippies running around on drugs, the way young people look you can't tell a boy from a girl anymore. I saw a girl the other day, she was pregnant - you could see her whole belly, and you know what she painted on it? "Love Child." It's fuckin' outa control. Values've gone to hell, Jim... Course it figures when you got somebody like that polecat Johnson in the White House.You're not digging. You know you keep saying that. Not unless we go for Shaw now. Pretty flowery for Dave Ferrie. I'm just an investigator, Bill. I leave the theories to you lawyers. Correct me if I'm wrong. I thought we were on the same side. What the hell business is it of theirs to say that? What about the mob, Dave? How do they figure in this? What do you mean? Did we involve you, Dave, or did Clay Shaw? Dave, I always play square. No bugs. I'd love you to go on the record, but I"m in no hurry. Whenever you're ready. Listen, Dave, why don't we order some room service, have a bite, relax. I'll stay as long as you want. Yeah! He'd kill for you Dave. He likes you. Your mind. Yeah. Come on, Dave, come on our side. I guarantee you the boss'll protect you... Dave? Dave, just calm down. Meet me in the lobby of the Fontainbleau in 20 minutes. I'll have a suite reserved for you under an assumed name. Dave, you know that's where this road leads. What did they... What are you talking about, Dave? You weren't mentioned in the story. Don't jump to conclusions. Calm down, Dave, what? Dave, do you think we're out of our minds? The whole building's been a zoo since that broke. We can't get a thing done. Reporters crawling everywhere. You think we want that? Dave? You sure got it. You're one stubborn and stupid sonofabitch D.A. and you're making one hell of a mistake! Well, if that's what you want to call it. I didn't ever think it would come to this. I guess I am, boss. Boss, then I'm afraid I can't continue working with Bill. I just plain don't trust him anymore. Chief, I've had my doubts about Bill for a long time. He's fighting everything. You never got anyone killed, boss. Their actions killed them years before. If we stopped now, it'd be even more wrong. They're gonna love you, chief. Allen Dulles? The Warren Commission call him? Who? No. Beats me. City officials. Secret Service. Dallas police. They did a dry run with Chief Curry a few days before. But they didn't bother running through Dealey. They stopped right there, said something like, "and afterwards there's only the freeway," and went home. One shooter. One spotter on a radio. Maybe three teams. I'd say these were professional riflemen, chief, serious people. Hunters... patient. It takes skill to kill with a rifle, that's why there's been no execution of an executive with one in 200 years... "3-2-1... green!" Or else "Abort! Abort!" When Kennedy gets to the kill zone, it's a turkey shoot. That means we gotta subpoena Time- Life on it. It was a Texas Live Oak, boss. It sheds it's leaves the first week of March. You try to hit a moving target at 88 yards through heavy foliage with this cheap 13-dollar sucker, the world's worst shoulder weapon. No way. The FBI tried two sets of tests and not one of their sharpshooters could match Oswald's performance. Not one. And Oswald was at best a medium shot. The scope was defective on it, too. I mean this is the whole essence of the case to me. The guy couldn't do the shooting. Nobody could. And they sold this lemon to the American public. The key is the second and third shots came right on top of each other, and it takes a minimum 2.3 seconds to recycle this thing. The other problem is there was a tree right there... Blocking the first two shots at the time they occur in the Zapruder film. Time? I'd say the opposite - hypertension. I'm onto Ferrie's Cuban paymaster, Eladio del Valle, in Miami. I gotta get him in, boss. I need more men - I can't even pull the teams to watch Ferrie... This is our case! You don't get it, guys - he can't go down any further. We got to protect him full time. And it ain't pretty ..."the AD has spent more than $8,000 on unexplained travel and investigative expenses since November, 1966. Mobbed up all the way. Tight with the Dallas cops. I'm digging, chief. I just need 10 more men and some more dollars. I never could figure out why this guy orders a traceable weapon to that post office box when you can go into any store in Texas, give a phony name and walk out with a cheap rifle which can never be traced. Graveyard dead near Big Sandy, Texas in '65. Two in the morning on some highway. A hit and run. There was Rose Cheramie. A whore. Two Cubans threw her out of a car on the way to Dallas. Graveyard dead. August this year. A single car accident on an empty road in Midlothian, Texas. The doctor said he was in some kind of strange shock when he died. ...not a single frayed collar or cuff, new haircuts, fresh shaves, clean hands - new shoe leather. Look at the ear of the cop... That's a wire. What's a cop wearing a headset for? I think they're actors, chief; they're not cops. ...take a good look, chief, do any of 'em look like the hoboes you remember? A photographer from The Dallas Times Herald got some great shots of them never published... They took 'em to the Sheriff's office, not the police station, and they let 'em go. No record of them ever being questioned. What are you driving at, boss? "Once ONI, always ONI"? Post Office. The Office of Naval Intelligence. I'd say he was probably getting intelligence training. Yeah, Guy Banister. Ex-FBI man. He died couple years ago. He's been in trouble before. Used to be a hot shot pilot for Eastern Airlines, but he got canned after an alleged homosexual incident with a 14-year old boy. One little guy with a cheap rifle - look what he can do. No word yet. But they think it's in the head. Boss, the President's been shot. In Dallas. Five minutes ago.Do you walk home? And you get of from school at 3 every day? And how tall are you? I need some information from you then. How old are you? Virginia, you're a lucky little girl. Your daddy has entered you in a beauty contest. Would you like to be in a beauty contest? Virginia or Elizabeth? Hello. Is this Jim Garrison's daughter?We have that taken care of. You only heard three shots and you are not to talk to anyone about this. No one, you hear? That's impossible. You heard echoes ...echoes. We have three bullets and three shots which came from the Book Depository and that's all we're willing to say. How many shots you say you heard?You know what I mean. I saw a lot of strange things going on in this office this summer. And a lotta strange people. Goddammit chief, why would I ever need to look in your files? I saw enough here this summer to write a book. You may not like this, chief, but you're beginning to act paranoid. I mean, you really are. Chief, sometimes I don't know whether you're kidding or not. I think I'll cut out here, chief. I gotta get home. Chief, maybe you had a little too much to drink. God's sake, chief. The President was shot. You're so naive, mister. What's the problem? What's the problem? Do I need to spell it out for you, Mr. Garrison? I better go. Never. Not with me sir, never... Listen, I think I'd better go. I said enough. I said all I'm going to say. Sure. 'Course they hated the sonofabitch, but... Yeah! That's it. I don't know. Maybe it wasn't. I gotta go. Clay something, that was his name - Clay. There was one guy, I don't know, big guy, business guy, white hair - I saw him come into the office once. He looked out of place, y'know - like a society guy. Can't remember his name. Oswald was with him. Yeah, he was there, too... sometimes he'd be meeting with Banister with the door shut. Other times he'd be shooting the bull with Ferrie. But he was there all right. Like I said, a fuckin' nuthouse. Banister was running his camp north of Lake Pontchartrain. Ferrie handled a lot of the training. There was a shooting range and a lot of tropical terrain like in Cuba. A few Americans got trained, too. Nazi types. Mercenaries. But Ferrie was the craziest. Often? He practically lived there. It was real cloak and dagger stuff. They called it Operation Mongoose. The idea was to train all these Cuban exiles for another invasion of Cuba. Banister's office was part of a supply line that ran from Dallas, through New Orleans to Miami, stockpiling arms and explosives. Dave Ferrie - you know about him? Well, I guess now that Guy's dead, it don't really matter... it was about the people hanging around the office that summer. I wasn't really part of the operation, you know. I was handling the private-eye work for Guy when that came in - not much did - but that's why I was there... it was a nuthouse. There were all these Cubans coming and going. They all looked alike to me. I didn't say that. All I know is he died suddenly just before the Warren Report came out. If you buy what you read in the paper. I don't know if I should talk about this. Never touched me. More than ten years.I know, but Mr. Garrison, the FBI is just not doing their job. This says "Mercer could not identify any of the photographs as being identical with the person she had observed slouched over the wheel of a green Ford pickup truck." That's not true. I recognized him and I told them so... They also said it was a dark green air conditioning truck, which it was not. And here... ...on the Dallas Sheriff's report. This is really strange. See that notarized signature on the bottom of each page? That's not my signature. And there never was any notary present during any of my questioning. I guess that's all... That's what bothers me, Mr. Garrison. You see, they've been altered. My statements... That's right. When I saw him on TV, I was shocked. I said to my family, "that was the man I saw in the truck." Yes, it was about 11 in the morning. I was driving west on Elm Street toward the Triple Underpass, in a rented car - a blue Valiant. I'll never forget that day.Stop your investigation... it was a magnificent effort but it's over and done with. The press is already on your behind and that's only the beginning, my boy, only the beginning. I propose you accept an appointment to the bench in Federal District Court and move into a job worthy of your talent. Do you have any idea, do you have any conception of how easily such an appointment can be arranged? Nonsense. You should be in a job where you can make decisions that have impact, affect the world. Here you're trying to climb up the steep side of Mount Everest. I'm going to be very frank with you. You've done a great job, an astounding job considering the limited resources available to you. But the best you can ever hope for is to stir up a lot of confusion. You're not going to do this country any good, and you're not going to do yourself any good. You don't belong here. On this Mickey Mouse street with that cheap strip of bail bond shops. That's all you've had all this time? How many men are working with you on this? I know about that shot. A terrible tragedy. How much do you have for carrying on your investigation? You were lucky. I spent three years in the Pacific. I've never seen an avenue with such a profusion of bail-bonding companies. Why is that? Where were you? Europe, Pacific? Splendid, love to see them. I've done quite well in Denver, Mr. Garrison, but I have to admire someone like you - and I have the means to back up what I say. I'm glad you could find time to see me. I flew down from Denver this morning on my private jet. Yes, thank you, Mr. Garrison. Your coffee's almost Turkish down here but I could get used to it.Who gives a shit what he calls himself? Yeah, what's the big mystery? Everybody down here knows the guy. Shaw. Clay Shaw. I told your uncle I never met a lawman who wasn't a punk. You too, Bill, even if you're family. He's a big shot businessman. I seen him on the TV news a lot with all the other big shots. A fag, you know. Goes by another name down here. Clay Bertrand? Sure I know him. He comes around the Quarter.Then what are we going through all this trouble for? Sure sounds like he's winning. Hate mail here. Fan mail here. The bad news is the IRS has just requested an audit on your income from this office. She's the best damn witness we have! Well, believe what you want, boss, but we got to be more careful. All these new volunteers, any one of them could be... HOLD IT, CHIEF... Even my own wife, chief, Who's wondering where I am? Didn't someone say he didn't speak good Russian?Well I don't know what can be done, Mr. Ruby, because I don't know what you anticipate we will encounter. Well, the public attention it would attract. And we have no place for you there to be safe, we're not law enforcement officials, and many things are at stake in this affair, Mr. Ruby. No, that could not be done, Mr. Ruby. There are a good many things involved in that. I am going back very shortly after we finish this hearing - I am going to have some lunch. Mr. Ruby, I really can't see why you can't tell us now.No, I did not. No, I would not even know what he looked like except for the pictures I've been shown. No, I did not. No, I did not. Now just a minute, sir! You're way out of line! May I go? Regardless of what you may think of me, Mr. Garrison, I am a patriot first and foremost. And if I was, Mr. Garrison... do you think I would be here today... talking to somebody like you? Mr. Garrison, you're reaching. I am an international businessman. The Trade Mart which I founded is America's commercial pipeline to Latin America. I trade everywhere. I am accused, as are all businessmen, of all things. I somehow go about my business, make money, help society the best I can and try to promote free trade in this world. Nonsense. What next? I'm well aware of this asinine article. And I am thinking very seriously of suing this rag of a newspaper. Of course not! Such a pity, that assassination. In fact, I admired President Kennedy. A man with true panache, and a wife with impeccable taste. You really have me consorting with a cast of sordid characters, don't you, Mr. Garrison. Naturally. Are you claiming, Mr. Garrison, that Mr. Oswald also had dinner with me? One meets so many attorneys in my business. No, I don't believe I know Dean Andrews. Clay Bertrand? Clay Bertrand? I believe there was a man with a name similar to that who worked at the Chamber of Commerce. Is that the man you had in mind? No. I'm sure I've never met anyone of such a bizarre appearance. No. I have never known anyone by that name. Of course never having met Mr. O'Keefe I could hardly have met Mr. Ferrie... Who? Pffft! Absolute nonsense. The Quarter is filled with vivid imaginations, my dear Mr. Garrison - grimy young hoodlums who'll say and do anything. As you well know. It adds a taste of elegance for which I must confess a weakness for now and then. I call him Smedley. His real name is Frankie Jenkins - but I could hardly imagine anything more uncouth during dinner than my turning toward the kitchen and hollering "Frankie!" .. Where is this leading to, Mr. Garrison? Not at all. But on the other hand, I do have a lovely Chippendale dining table and I often have a friend over sitting at one end while I sit at the other. That is precisely the point of a long dining table. The splendor of the meal adds to the enjoyment of it. No, I don't believe I know anyone by that name. No. No. Never heard of him. I wouldn't imagine where. I'm not sure I understand.