Perhaps Eduard was closer than he knew to discovering it and so had to be silenced. -- Small. The formality of a trial would be too costly for them. They're beginning to understand that it's the ensuing news of our actions that incites support. You were his friend. One link is all they need. You could say we represent the un official view of a well-ordered society.Not necessarily. A wife would. Then its authority is in doubt. What an extraordinary request! Another one? Yes. The Castle gates were blockaded in the time of the great plague -- it's an escape route. Don't get stuck. A cenotaph -- a monument to someone whose remains ended up elsewhere. But look -- I was restoring some stones here in the upper section one day -- and I found this. In a manner of speaking. What made you think I'd be able to get you into the Castle? There is one thing I'd like you to tell me. -- I'm flattered, of course, to be considered a friend -- even without knowing all the details. -- To see such determination is reward enough for me. A man must eat -- And drink. Success or nothing? Why do you work in that hideous insurance office? -- dealing with people who fall off ladders. Now take me -- I make my living as a stone mason. It's not my art -- but it's the tools of my art. You could be -- a journalist. Where do you get your ideas? Only joking -- I'm just joking. Let's go to a brothel then, Kafka, come on. These strange stories you write -- they come naturally, do they? -- In what sense? The needles inscribing the judgement into the flesh of the man. Very good. I read the one about the penal colony. Just what you've published. I've read your stories. They're fantastic.Are you looking for Gabriela Rossmann? When I deliver a message the very act of delivering it, you might say, gives it an official stamp, and only in this way are both the sender and the receiver satisfied that it was delivered at all. But I'm the messenger. An error like this damages my credibility. In an organization as efficient as ours, if a document once in a great while gets lost it might never be found at all. Who's to say he ever will? He's a timid old man and quite careful not to tread on anyone's toes -- In fact, I'm the only one he trusts and he wouldn't even look at a document if it didn't first come through me. He's usually in the storage room sorting things out. He can't close the file on a case until he has the concluding report. Did you see him? You didn't give it to me . The keeper of the files is still waiting for your final summation of the Erlanger claim. And you're late! It's what I'm paid to do. It's my place to offer advice, not yours -- and by advising the Chief Clerk of your unpunctuality it's certainly not my situation that's compromised, if that's what you're implying. Oh, don't they? I think you underestimate my station in this office and overrate your own. Good morning -- Or should I say good afternoon?The Orlac claim. No, there's only one report to complete. I'll be doing it myself and submitting it to the Castle today or tomorrow. Was there something else? I do. You might find a more athletic hobby -- put some color in your cheeks. I understand you fancy yourself an author. -- Yes -- Raban -- but he was too much like you -- even more so perhaps. He wasn't here as long as you, so I didn't know him as well -- but I could see the influence he was having. I simply want you to be aware of this because you'll be happier for it. Oh, I know you got along with that poor fellow -- what was his name? Attitude, Kafka. It doesn't matter how well you do your work -- you still see it as something to be gotten on with rather than something to take an active interest in. Have you never wondered -- and I mention this only in passing -- why other clerks have advanced to more responsible positions while you, who have been here longer, have not? It's not healthy, Kafka -- not for you and not for your workmates. At the annual dinner this month you again failed to make an appearance. You must make the time. Where do you go off to in the lunch hour? You keep too much to yourself -- you're a lone wolf. It makes me uneasy, and if it makes me uneasy I can't imagine the impression you make on lesser employees. You've been with the firm for nearly nine years. You've done your work diligently, there are no complaints on that score. But there's more to the job than the work -- there are other people to consider -- and frankly, Kafka, we eel your social situation could bear improving. Sit down, Kafka.What did she say? That's been noted. But where does it lead us? Unless you have something more to add. That's not what I call conclusive evidence of an abduction. -- Should you happen upon anything that might be relevant. Anyway, I'd like you to reflect that in me you have -- I won't say a friend, because we're complete fencers, of course -- from distinctly incompatible social classes -- but to some extent, shall we say, an interested third party. What makes you think so? We know that. His landlady knew of no other friends to refer us to. He might have had a drink or two, despite what you think. Grown men don't normally fall into the river, do they? Was he depressed? He was found in the River. Could he swim? Would you describe your relationship with the dead man as close? Engaged in the manufacture and distribution of ... pills and so forth. Where you've been employed for seven years. Your office is the Workmen's -- Did you go anywhere afterwards -- to have a drink perhaps? When was the last time you saw Mr. Raban? Kafka -- is that your real name?A glorified office block. They keep all the old records there -- the final resting place for facts and figures that have ceased to matter in the world of the living. It's only majestic from here. When you get closer you see it for what it really is. Up there. You have been hearing the sordid side then. Even the so-called New Town isn't so new. Only the people. People of the future living in buildings of the past. Has anyone seen Eduard? What was the matter with it? Have you worked here long? You look like brothers. My assistants, I presume. A true friend would do it. It's my last and final one. If I don't see you later -- go to my house and find my notebooks -- and destroy them. All my manuscripts -- just burn them. Please. Will you do me a favor then? -- You appreciate my writing. Not a chance. I'm the thinnest person I know. An empty tomb? The cemetery is nearer the Castle than anywhere else -- wasn't it part of the Castle originally? -- I always assumed there'd be a gate or something. Isn't there? I'm trying to find things out myself -- that's the whole point. -- Oh, yes, determination runs in the family. The Kafka men are famous for it, you know. Delivering meat barefoot in the depths of winter, picking up sacks of flour with their teeth -- The Castle cemetery. You work in the cemetery. No -- not even success. My writing is not for making a living -- it's for living. Not for other people, it's for me. That would be even worse -- it would be a compromise. I haven't got the energy. I mean, I have to conserve my energy. Naturally? -- that's not the word I would have chosen. Gabriela was right -- it's easier for me to understand suicide. I'm a practicing suicide. Did you? -- In magazines nobody reads. I don't know what you could have read. Yes. I'll commit that to memory. Your credibility -- yes, it's well known. Burgel, I thought it would be easier, as long as I was passing -- He has it, he just hasn't noticed it yet, all right? I've never seen him. I don't believe there is a keeper of the files. No, I left it in his office. I gave it to him yesterday. Sorry, yes -- well -- thank you, sir. I see -- it's just the Erlanger claim then. No -- I just -- I feel a sense of obligation. He was my friend -- if I can be of any help -- closing his affairs. I wonder if I might look to see if there's an address for family -- I thought I'd like to write to them. Excuse me, sir -- I understand you have Eduard Raban's file. In a small way. -- Eduard -- Well, I -- No, sir. I did not realize it was obligatory. I usually take lunch by the River. To do my work well, I have little time for -- ... My ... social situation? You wanted to see me, sir. -- Listen to me -- No -- not this time. I told you, they're dead . It's finished. There's a new potion -- he said it was perfected. They're dead now. We can get help. I -- I found your jailer. Gabriela ...? -- I've just come from the Castle. It's over. Gabriela! -- you did get away. Now Burgel's one of the authorities? First these nameless authorities were the root of all evil, now it's insignificant Burgel. If indeed there was a mistake -- and a minor one at that -- you're suggesting someone went to a lot of trouble over something so trivial as to not matter at all. Usually. I've heard of it happening. Now you're saying Eduard was lured there? He's jealous, yes, but that jealous? He's too cautious. Burgel doesn't like anybody! That street down there -- I always used to call it the approach road for suicides. It leads straight down to the bridge and the River. Now you've fallen into his trap. When he goes to bed at night Burgel dreams of inspiring as much fear in others as they inspire in him. You don't believe that. It couldn't be for that incident with Burgel the other day. Why were you given notice? Burgel gave me this -- what does it mean? At the cost of others? You accuse people of murder without trial -- apparently without irony. Did you go to the Castle with Eduard? Then you have no idea what really might have happened that night at all -- even before or after he got there. My only concern is the human tribunal. Isn't it yours? People must think the same of me -- a quiet, dependable person. I have no right to be, I know. My experience with real life is practically nil. And you still maintain -- what? That he was murdered. What of it? I've hardly published enough for anyone to draw conclusions from. Ah -- we're back to the "authorities" you spoke of. -- I don't know the Musil district. And you ...? Last year. I -- it was broken off. ... All right. Tonight? -- What could he have done to warrant that? When I have no reason to doubt. He wasn't robbed. He was identified by his wallet. The police would know the difference, wouldn't they? No, I don't. I'm amazed that anyone is able to bear life with any assurance at all. How long were you and Eduard -- This morning it was suggested to me that my own sense of office fellowship could bear improving. That he was -- satisfied in that regard. I didn't want to pry. I suspected that he -- well. No. Well -- nice to know life exists outside the office. I've never seen you here before. I'm sorry, but I just wondered -- Oh -- well, I thought he once mentioned -- You're a friend of Eduard Raban's. I'm Kafka -- I work upstairs in Accident -- That the police may have allegiance to something other than truth. Maybe it's true then what she said. She's missing. I went to her house and she hadn't returned there. You told me to contact you if anything relevant came up -- Gabriela is relevant. When I spoke to you before I didn't know she'd been seeing Eduard. If someone was waiting here in the hallway to spirit her away, wouldn't they have shut the door as quietly as possible? But that's just my point -- she was more than upset, she was livid. She slammed every door on her way downstairs -- except that one. I was just behind her and I didn't even hear that one shut -- not at all. I'll bear that in mind. Probably not. ... Just a perception. He wasn't a lonely man, though. I don't think he really had any. He had no family either. Can I ask -- how you found me? No, I suppose not. No. He didn't seem to be. Do you think he drowned himself? I don't know. Yes. Since he came to the office, almost three years ago, we've been quite good friends. How was Eduard ... Well -- other departments are, yes. Eight -- and seven months. -- Accident and Compensation Association. No, we said goodbye outside the building. He went off, as usual, toward his house. Wednesday. We left the office together. Yes. Yes, of course -- why wouldn't it be? My assistants. I should have known. Nothing is given to me. I have to acquire everything. Close only by virtue of antithesis. It's a farce. For all your incompetence I was beginning to think you were at least loyal to me. You're very good ham actors. -- You should meet my father. What's the matter with you? You mean you've actually begun some? I didn't realize you'd been here that long. Do you? Oh, Burgel! Gabriela was having an affair with Eduard. They were both members of this group . If any crime's been discovered and people are paying for it, I'd look to yourselves ! Then why haven't I been -- -- You said so yourself the firm is large and powerful. If the discrepancy really was something big, Eduard's responsibility would still have to be small. No poor young clerk could find himself in such a fix. That's mad . ... Why take me into your confidence? What have you done with Gabriela Rossmann? The fact that it's live bodies you practice your trade on doesn't seem to matter to you. Lying in the gutter where they belong. And I suppose Dr. Murnau didn't die in a cave-in. You killed him to free the Position of Orlac Medical Officer for your own ends. I had the grandest of financial plots in mind, the most malevolent of personal motives, conspiracy theories extending to every ... authority I could see. And I find you. A body snatcher. "Accident and Compensation" -- no one can accuse the firm of not supplying exactly what it promises. It only amuses me in that it gives me an insight into the ludicrous bungling that in some circumstances may decide the life of a human being. ... A piece of paper ... ... A piece of paper ... I could always apply there. Where do our records go to in the Castle? What if I petitioned one of the Directors? What good are records if they're not open for public inspection? Once a file's been sent to the Caste, is it possible to recall it for review? This is the cross-reference of clerks who've worked on Orlac claims? I did read that. They gave him a posthumous medal. All these in the last year? Orlac is an account? -- You mean my Chief has it. It's gone out so quickly? What's the matter? He's the clerk who died last week. From the insurance department Yes. Isn't it there? It usually is.It so happens, my dear simple sir, that the Head of Medical Records at the Castle is one of the Directors of this firm. We're a medical firm, aren't we? They go to the Medical Records Section. You do not summon them -- they summon you -- and this, of course, hardly ever happens, if at all. The Directors are an eccentric lot and by nature cautious. These laws have been with us for centuries -- how can you doubt them? Of course not. Only by a Director of the firm. Who'd want to let in all kinds of riff-raff off the streets? Is your friend's name among them? Then he only worked on the one case. Your Chief will send me the final summation when he's finished with it. Dr. Murnau was the bravest of men. He spent an entire career in those backwaters with no regard for personal gain. A great loss. You must have read about it in the papers -- there was a terrible cave-in. It wouldn't have been so bad, but even the Medical Officer for the district was killed! It's a factory in the northern mountains. One of our best customers. Without a proper request I'm not obliged to do this, you understand -- but I'll make an exception on this one occasion. If it was Accounts you wanted why did you ask for Employees? Whenever an employee departs, shall we say, it's up to the head of his department to requisition his file, reassign any outstanding claims, and send it off. Why would we keep files on dead employees? All old files are sent up to the Castle. Do you think we have room for two hundred years worth personnel records? Wait a minute. "Raban?" Where have I heard that name? I'm overworked as it is. "Raban" did you say? I'm not obliged to give you access, you know -- not without authorization -- but I'll make an exception this one time. "Raban" -- that'll be nearly at the back of the alphabet.Amerika for us! What's to become of us now? I understand he was wounded in the lung. We could go back to the office. Explain ourselves to the Chief Clerk. This is filed incorrectly! Oskar! My mother used to tell us of the young man who decided to ride to the next village and how she was afraid that -- not even mentioning accidents -- the span of a normal happy life might fall far short of the time needed for such a trip. We've been together too long. His personality is overflowing into mine and vice versa. And we're upset too. It's not too bad working here. They keep switching us from department to department. He doesn't mind because he can't sit still. Women are all you have on your mind! You look tired. Ludwig.As a matter of fact you've caught us in a state of considerable excitement. Our latest preparation we believe -- we pray -- is perfected. It should take years off her. -- And the new patients they bring me aren't usually as dexterous as you've been in evading us. Not perfect specimens by any means, but not the type of person who'll be missed either. On the contrary, it matters a great deal. We're engaged in immensely important research here. I'm a revolutionary too, you know -- but a much more pragmatic one. May I ask where your two warders are? Yes, well -- we're looking for a new village now. If we stay too long at one source ... people become suspicious. I believe we've exceeded his expectations. -- If an obscure official up there in the distant mountains so far away from civilizing influences happens to meet with an unfortunate accident -- and should he tragically die in spite of the District Medical Officer's strenuous efforts to save him -- the firm wants to see the next of kin pacified and the disposition of the remains handled with the greatest possible ... efficiency. -- You seem amused. You see, Kafka, in all cases relating to the factory at Orlac -- which is what this paper referred to -- the authority that puts in a request and the authority that grants it is, to all intents and purposes, the same authority. Through a very unfortunate -- and I might add extremely rare -- mishap, a document intended for the one department was sent to the other. And for the first time -- though your friend wasn't aware of it -- two and two could have been put together to make one. A mere slip. Your friend Mr. Raban dealt only with claims that came in , another department being responsible for compensation that goes out -- this is correct?It's all right to be sarcastic in private to us -- because we have a sense of humor -- but when we're up at the Castle we suggest you don't make a fuss. It would spoil the not unfavorable impression you make in other respects. Still, we're probably closer to you at the moment than any of your fellow human beings. -- Just doing our job. I can't make a simple statement without him taking issue with it -- I was just trying to finish some work! You mean because it's been a while since there was a sunny day? What a good detective you are. We saw her naked once -- didn't we. Amerika! Then that's the place for us! It doesn't matter. It's too late for all of us. They'd drive us away. That Kafka's made things very hot for us. Here too! They're all in a dreadful muddle! Ludwig? But your goal is so hard to reach. Do you think the official network would surrender to one man? We would never think of attempting anything remotely as difficult. -- How would you like to be in a horrible situation like that? It's not our fault. We're naturally nervous. We used to be in the supply section, carrying boxes of medicine about but we dropped too many of them. She went to the roof to sunbathe one lunch hour -- we watched her changing. Gabriela Rossman was here looking for you. Do you know her? He can't sit still. Just when we arrive at a nightclub he wants to go to another one. Oskar.Yours is a very powerful and important firm -- it has a lot at stake. -- Ah, but what if it wasn't ? -- Merely in the interests of order. Preliminary investigations may already be underway. Heralds of a new age -- does that sound immodest? The loyal civil servant. I suppose you'll deny that shortchanging the workers to whom compensation is due is standard company policy. -- Gabriela, on the other hand, had made an enemy of this man Burgel. Why are you so aggressively unimaginative? Eduard is no longer the only casualty. When a scapegoat is needed, my friend ... -- Oh, yes, it's mad. That's obvious, isn't it? We have an opening for a new member.