She says I'm cheap cuz I won't cop her a diamond  ring. Had the indignation to call me a cheap  black sunovabitch to boot.  I thought you said it was gonna sting... this  ain't nothin'.  When my mother was pregnant with me, she told  me later, a party of Klansmen on horseback  surrounded our house in Omaha.  SHOWTIME, SHOWTIME!  Come on, baby, let's show 'em how.  Shorty, this is Laura.  Now you come back.  Fine as May wine.  Make it too easy and it ain't no fun.  I better not come in.  I mean it's late, baby.  I'm going to bed. I gotta work tomorrow, need  my rest.  'Night, Mrs. Johnson.  Sheeet, you ain't. I had aplenty.  Shhhh! I don't like women that talk.  Don't you know, you can't hump the Bogart.  Naw, you missed me, copper. Try this on for  size.   The hell you are.  You're too small to be Bogart.  Ahhh! You got me, you dirty, filthy, rotten,  stinking copper, only a low-down yellow rat  bastard would shoot a man in the back.  C'mere.  You hear me, girl?  You better believe it.  Sit over there.  What's your story, baby?  Feed me.  Yeah, girl; that's your story. When you gonna  holler "rape," sister?  You will, baby -- if the time come.  Sure wish your mama and papa could see you now.  And that ofay you gonna marry.   Let's go.  Save it, baby. Save it for Mr. Right, 'cause  your grandma's smarter than ya think.  Yeah, she's alive.  You know how dumb I was? I used to think that  "Not For Sale" was a brand name.  We were parceled out, all five of us. I went to  this reform school and lived at this woman's  house. She was in charge.  I was special. The only colored kid in class. I  became a sort of mascot. Like a pink poodle.  I didn't know then that I was a nigger.  They talked about me like  The important thing is to be realistic. We all  like you. You know that. But you're a nigger  and a lawyer is no realistic goal for a  nigger...  But why, Mr. Ostrowski? I get the best grades.  I'm the class president. I want to be a lawyer.  ...Think about something you can be. You're  good with your hands. People would give you  work. I would myself. Why don't you become a  carpenter? That's a good profession for a  nigra. Wasn't your pa a carpenter?  C'mon, Joe.  Turn it up, Tully.  Tully, move the antenna. . . .  This Mick is tough.  A left jab to the jaw and a right cross, scored  by Louis and Conn is hurt, as Louis rips a  right to the jaw. Conn is staggering, but he  won't go down. Conn bops a left hook, he's  reeling around the ring. Louis hooks a left and  a right to the jaw and Conn is down.   He's taking the count, four, five, six, seven,  he's on his back, eight, nine, he's getting up,  no! The referee says it's over. The bout has  stopped.  What in hell's going on?  Got a lot of hungry customers out there.  On my way, Mr. Charlie.  The name is Mr. Cooper and don't you forget it.  Mr. Cooper.  The winner and still champion, Joe Louis, but  what a fight Billy Conn gave.  Get your good haaaam and cheeeeese sandwiches.  I got coffee, I got cake and I got ice cream  too. Right chere.  Hey, boy. Gimme a cheese on white and coffee.  Yes, sir. Best in the house.  You mighty pleased with yourself, boy.  Yes, sir. I aims to please.  I like you, boy.  Keep the change.  The Brown Bomber, The Brown Bomber, Joe Louis,  the heavyweight champion of the world. Joe got  the belt back. Lawd have mercy. Great day in  the morning.  Slow down, daddy, what's your hurry? Lemme show  you somepin brand new.  Hey, man, hundred-dollar ring -- diamond; and a  ninety dollar watch. Take the both of them for  a quarter; twenty-five bucks.  The word is excuse me.  Look, country boy, you shouldn't have been in  my way.  Don't ever again in life step on my Florsheims  again, and never talk-bout my mother.  Gimme a whiskey.  I ordered a single, Jack.  The double's on that gentleman. Jack!  Who is he, man?  That's West Indian Archie.  Whut's he do?  This and that.  Sit down. We ain't fixing to eat you. You look  brand new in town. Pretty handy with a bottle.  He had it coming.  What they call you?  Red, and I ain't no punk.  You better not be. Cause if a cat toe you down  in this town, you better stand up or make  tracks.  Man live by his rep.  That's a fact. What you do, boy?  I'm working trains. Selling.  Bet you like that shit.  Keeps me out of the army.  When they want your ass, won't nothing keep you  out.  Not this boy... I ain't fighting their war. I  got my own. Right chere. Heard tell you're a  good man to know.  Heard where?  Where I come from. Boston.  Sombitch and I ain't never been to Beantown.  Man's rep travels.  How 'bout that?  My papa taught me one thing: don't never  bullshit a West Indian bullshit artist.  Is your papa West Indian?  No, my mama. She's from Grenada.  I like you, country.  Only where'd you get them goddam vines.  And them shoes. Oh, my.  Yeah, got to do something about you.  You putting a hurtin' on my vision.  Where can I get a hold of you?  YOU can't. I'll get a hold of you.  Lemme write it down for you.  Don't never write nothing down. File it up  here, like I do. 'Cause if they can't find no paper they ain't  got no proof. Ya dig?  Yes, sir.  Boy, look me in the face.  Yes, sir.  Why?  'Cause I want in. And it don't take a lot to  know you there, daddy.  I got me a little run to make.  Can I run with you, Mr. Archie?  I like your heart and I like your style. You  might just do, Little. Lessen you got to git  back to that train job.  I done told the man what he could do with his  train.  When?  Just now.  Come on, baby. We going shopping...  Just the middle button, baby. Just the middle  one.  What?  Frisk me, baby. Give me a real pat down.  It's yours, baby. Put it on. How's it feel?  Solid, daddy.  Okay, baby. Now you outfitted. You ready to  tackle the street?  Let 'em come. I'm ready.  Let us turn to the Gospel according to St.  John. Chapter 3, Verse  83.  3, 8, 3.  2, 9, 8.  1, 0, 5.  I told you less paper, less trouble.   I'm working on it.  I keep all my numbers in my head. I've never  written any down.  I got it from Ching Chow. It got to be 2, 5, 1.  It hit?  Nnnnnnn!  Ain't nuthin' in the world to give you that  real deep cool. Like girl. You there?  I'm there, daddy. Wheww. I'm cool enough to  kill.  Bet you are.  Malcolm, you're so funny.  You got any money.  Well, bitch you move too slow.  Sometimes you got a big ugly mouth.  Yeah, and I'm putting my money where my ugly  mouth is. I'm putting you back in the numbers  right now. Baby, what's today?  Daddy, put me down for a combination. Combinate  me, daddy: 8, 2, 1. You got me? 8, 1, 2; 1, 8,   I'll take your goddam bet.  I say a lot of things.  Do your job, Get me a bourbon on the rocks and  a pack of Lucky's.  Hey, gorgeous, how you been? Waiting long?  Lemme see you. Wow!  Mind your own goddamn business ... She comes in  a lot?  With him?  Is she hooking?  Shut up, bitch.  Don't do that.  Daddy, where's my money?  What you talking?  You owe me six big ones.  1, 2, 8 hit, didn't it?  You din't have no 1, 2, 8.  Was you that high? Old man, I threw the slats at you. I said to combinate me.  You never had it.  The bitch was there.  Shit, what else she gonna say?  Then skip it, man. But you slipping, baby. You  done slipped.  Oh, sit down, man. What you tasting? I'm buying.  I ain't drinking hot piss with you. Come on, Sam.  Be right there.  Got to be a first time, daddy-o.  He gonna, check the collector he turn into. His  rep is on the line, boy, and so's yours. If you  lying, one of you is dead.  Ain't gonna be this mother.  You're a damn liar.  It's me or you, ain't it, Pops?  You know it.  I'll give you back the 600.  I don't want your money.  I'm wearing, Archie.  There's two guns on you.  And every cat's watching, ain't they? It's a  toe-down.  That's what it is. Walk on out.  Let Billie finish.  Now.  Baby, I got to let this old man win. Keep the  faith, and tell Billie I'll see her later.  The dirty yellow rat bastard.  Don't push it. You way ahead. You back on top.  That boy loves you, man.  What you say?  He gave it to you, Archie. He did.  Somebody out there. Wake the children.   Boy, good thing we're good Christians. Nigger,  it's time for you to leave this town.  This here is 'pose to be a free country.  Rev, we warned you 'bout that Garvey preaching,  stirring up the good nigras here. Boy, next  time you're a dead nigger.  I ain't a boy. I'm a man, and a real man don't  hide behind no bedsheets.  Just wanted to scare 'em, they won't be   They won't be here no time soon. I'm a MAN!   Somebody get a doctor.  No doctor, get him a priest.  My father's skull, on one side was crushed in,  and then laid across some tracks, for a  streetcar to run him over. His body was cut  almost in half. My father, Earl Little lived  two and a half hours in that condition. Negroes  were stronger than they are now.  Like every hustler I was trapped. Cats that  hung together trying to find a little security,  to find an answer -- found nothing. Cats that  might have probed space or cured cancer --  (Hell, Archie might have been a mathematical  genius) -- all victims of whitey's social order.  Yeah and get a slave, too, huh, baby?  Man, the name musicians ain't got shit. How you  gonna have something? I need a stake, a bundle,  a grand. My woman can't afford it; my homey  ain't got it. How about you baby? What you got?  Jesus ain't got nothin' to do with this.   Surprise you, baby? Well, that's the way it is.  What kind of scratch you got on you? Turn out.  Let me have it. All of you--  We gone rob this town blind. Anybody want out  say so.   Who's Rudy?   I'm half wop, half nigger and ain't afraid of  no one.  What can you do?  You name it, feller.  That ain't bad.  Yeah. This rich ofay, like he's 60. I give him  a bath on Friday.  So what about him?  So? The man got silver, china, rugs--  Might be all right.  Might be, shit. Man, I know this town. I got my  own fences. Who the hell are you? Who put you  in charge?  You want to be the head man?  That's right.  Head nigger in charge?  I'm the man.  Okay, baby. Let's flip for it. Flip this.  Your flip, baby.  Your turn, Rudy. You want me to flip for you?  Jesus Christ, no. Okay, okay. You got it, you  got it! You're the boss.   Don't never try to cross someone who ain't  afraid to die.  All right. We'll start with Old Talcum Powder.  You draw the house, where everything is. You  and Peg go out and buy them tools like I told  you. We hit tonight on account of in the  daytime some of us got that high visibility.  Ya dig?  Yeah. Palmed it right in the goddam chamber.   The average first offender gets two years for  burglary. We were all first offenders. That's  what Sophia and Peg drew--  Two years in the Women's Reformatory at  Framingham.  But our crime wasn't burglary. It was balling  white girls. They gave us the book.  Burglary, count one -- 8 to 10 years; count two,  8 to 10 years; count three, 8 to 10 years...  Fourteen counts of 8 to 10 years.  The sentences to run concurrently.  Shorty thought he hit us with 114 years till I  explained what concurrently meant. It meant a  minimum sentence of 10 years hard labor at the  Charlestown State Prison. The date was February  1946. I wasn't quite 21. I had not yet begun to  shave.  Jackson.  A 231549.  Crichlow.  A 5991301.  Looka Satan.  He bout to bust.  Harrington.  B 775717.  Yeah. Lucky Seven.  Little.  State your number.  Little.  0kay, I'll give him a break. Now state your  number, Little.  I forgot it.  Can you read, boy? Thass your number.  Now say it.  I'm Malcolm Little, not no goddam number.  Oh, yes you is, baby; thass all you is.  Two days in the hole. Take him.  A 551613, sir.  Time's up. Get on your feet.  Water.  Do you know what a friend you have in Jesus,  son?  Preacher, take your tin Jesus and the Virgin  Mary, both, and shove 'em.  All right, Little. Get up.  A 859912.  Who the hell are you?  Man, what do you want?  Man, get outa my face. I ain't nobody's punk.  If you ain't trying to punk me, what's your  hype?  Talk, daddy, I'm listening. Hey that ain't bad.  You got some more?  What did you give it to me for then?  What in the hell are you talking about?  You ain't lying.  Man, you been locked up too long, everybody  conks. All the cats.  Cause I don't want to walk around with my head  all nappy, looking like--  I ain't said I'm ashamed.  Leggo. I got to wash it out.  Man, you better get off me.  Man, I don't want to hear all that.  Who are you?  Elijah who?  You taking the yard?  Me too.  I ain't never seen a cat like you. Ain't you  scared talking like that in front of an ofay?  You the only cat don't come on with that  "Whatcha know, daddy" jive; and you don't cuss  none.  Tell you this: you ain't no fool.  Okay, okay.  What do you do with your time?  That's what Mama used to say.  Come on, daddy, pull my coat. What happens if  you give all that up? You get sick or somethin'?  I pulled a hustle once and got out of the draft.  What? Everybody knows God is White.  What for?  What the hell for, man?  Okay, okay. Show me, man.  You understand them words?  Read it.  I can't make out that shit.  Hey, they's some shit, all right.  White (whit), adj. Of the color of pure snow;  reflecting all the rays of the spectrum. The  opposite of black, hence free from spot or  blemish; innocent, pure, without evil intent,  harmless. Honest, square-dealing, honorable.  That's bullshit. That's a white man's book.  Ain't all these white man's books?  Then what you telling me to study in them for?  Man, how'm I gonna know the ones worth looking  at?  Man, I'm studying in the man's book. I don't dig  half the words.  Where am I gonna start?  Aardvark, noun. An earth pig; an ant-eating  African mammal. Man, that sounds like the  dozens.  Closing. Knock it off.  You studying to be the first colored  President of the States?  You taking the yard or not?  I'm staying.  Then give me a butt.  Take 'em. I don't smoke no more.  Ole Pete ain't much in the head, but he can lay  in there with the wood.  You pitch, baby; I'll ketch.  This a helluva game. Somethin's going on.  10 to 1; we murdering them, Din't you hear?  What?  The Brooklyn Dodgers brought up Jackie Robinson  and we pounding the hell out of them,  celebrating.  How bout that?  A black man playing big league ball is  something.  Little.  I'm not Malcolm Little and I'm not Satan.  Then the devil is white.  I sure met some.  I will not touch the white man's poison: his  drugs, his liquor, his carrion, his women.  I will do it.  I can't.  I want to, Bembry, but I can't.  I can't.  I want to, Bembry, but I can't.  I don't know what to say to Allah.  Yeah. When I was picking a lock to rob  somebody's house.  I don't know how.  I want to. God knows I want to.  I received a letter that day from the Honorable  Elijah Muhammad. The Messenger of Allah wrote  me, a nobody, a junkie, a pimp and a convict.  I have come to give you something which can  never be taken from you: I bring you a sense of  your own worth, the worth of one human being.  The knowledge of self.  It was like a blinding light and I became aware  that he was in the room with me. He wore a dark  suit and on his face I saw a pain so old and  deep and black I could scarcely look at him. I  knew I was not dreaming. He was there.  I tell you that the most dangerous creation of  any society in the world is the man with  nothing to lose. You do not need ten such men  to change the world. One will do. The Earth  belongs to us, the Black man and whatever is  around it, and on it and in it. Praises are  due to him forever for bringing to us again,  our self and our property, the UNIVERSE OF SUN,   And suddenly as he came, he was gone.  Allah Akbar: all praise to Him who is  all-seeing, all-understanding.  We are told that Saul, on the road to Damascus,  heard the words of truth, he fell from his  horse. I do not liken myself to Paul, but I  understand. It happened to me.  Dear Brother Malcolm: I am back in the bosom of  Islam, praise Allah...  You write thanking me. Don't thank me. Praise  Allah. He did it all.  Next.  Dear Bembry. Please thank the Honorable Elijah  Muhammad for the money and tell him I have not  written him because I have not yet proven  myself.  But I have written everyone else.  Tell the Messenger of Allah that I have  dedicated my life to telling the white devil  the truth to his face. I greet you with the  ancient words: "As Salaam Alikum."  Wa-Alaikum Salaam.  P.S. I finally worked my way through the  "Z's"...  Watch out, baby, this cat is heavy on religion.  I see this has become a struggle between good  and evil. Satan has a question.  Yes it is, Chaplain Gill. But I wouldn't want  to say which one of us is what.  Why don't you just ask your question?  You've been talking about the disciples. What  color were they?  I don't think we know for certain.  They were Hebrew, weren't they?  That's right.  As Jesus was. Jesus was also a Hebrew.  Just what is your question?  What color were the original Hebrews?  I told you we don't know for certain.  Then we don't know that God was white.  Now just a moment, just a moment--  But we do know that the people of that region  of Asia Minor, from the Tigris-Euphrates valley  to the Mediterranean, are dark-skinned people.  I've studied drawings and photographs and seen  newsreels. I have never seen a native of that  area who was not black.  Just what are you saying?  I'm not saying anything, preacher. I'm proving  to you that God is black.  God is black.  My son, you've been a thief, drug dealer and a pimp and the world is still full of temptation.  When God bragged how faithful Job was, the  devil argued that only God's protective hedge  around him kept him pure, the devil said remove  the hedge and he will curse his maker.  Malcolm, your hedge has been removed and I  believe you will remain faithful.  How many you turning out?  500.  Make it 1000. We got a lot of fishing to do.  Brother Malcolm, I want you to meet Brother  Earl. He just joined the Nation.  We can always use another good brother.  I'm a willing servant for Allah.  You think you are Christians, and yet you see  your so-called white Christian brother hanging  black Christians on trees. You say that white  man loves you and yet he has done every evil  act against you. He has everything while he is  living and tells you to be a good slave and  when you die you will have more than he has in  Beulah's land. We so-called Negroes are in  pitiful shape. Get off your knees praying to  a picture of a white, pale blond, and blue-eyed  Jesus. Come out of the sky. Build heaven on  earth. Islam is the black man's true religion.  And that the white man is the devil. Yes, God  is black and you are made in His image and  don't know it. That's how brainwashed you are.  Have you ever seen a black man who wasn't down  on his knees begging the Lord to give him in  heaven what the white devil enjoys right here  on earth?  The Harlem Council fights for rat control, for  rent control and for community control of our  schools.  If the man behind the counter ain't black,  don't go in. Boycott the man. Be black. Think  black. Buy black.  Come to our Temple and hear the truth. Because,  brother and sister, you are dead. Yes you are,  mentally dead, spiritually dead, morally dead.  And we are here to resurrect the black man  back from the dead.  My beautiful sister, for you are beautiful.  Beautiful because you are black. Because black  is beautiful. You work in the white folks'  kitchen so I don't have to tell you that  they're devils.  We're not American, we're Africans who happen  to be in America. We were kidnapped and brought  here against our will from Africa. We didn't  land on Plymouth Rock, brothers and sister.  Plymouth Rock landed on us.  Put an end to your begging. No more "Please,  Mr. White Man, Lawdy boss, brush me another  crumb from off your table, kindly, sir."  We  are a nation, a great nation and don't need a  thing from them.  It isn't a hype, Shorty. And I meant what I  said: join us.  The Honorable Elijah Muhammad says you should  pay it all your mind. If you got a mind.  I've been clean for twelve years, Shorty.  How's the rest of the gang? You seen anyone?  How about Old Cadillac?  Hooked on horse. Been in and out of Lexington Ave times.  You seen Sophia?  Git the hell away, you bitch, I'll pay you  tomorrow.  My man, Red. Come on in, man.  Hey, I can't make it.  Take it easy, baby.  That really you, Red?  You saved my life, Archie. Running me out of  Harlem. When I think how close we came to  gunning each other down, I have to thank Allah.  I wasn't gonna shoot you, baby. It was just my  rep, that's all. And don't shit me now, but  did you have that number? Tell me.  I don't know. It doesn't matter. The thing is  we got to get you back on your feet.  Yeah. I got a couple a new angles ain't been  figured yet. All I need's a stake and a  chance--  Can you use a few bucks? I ain't got much,  but--  No, man, I'm doing okay. Thanks.   Take it easy. Lay down and don't think about it.  Yeah.  You could of been something, Archie, but the  devil got to you.  Women who could be mothers, teachers,  scientists...  --and what has the white devil made of them:  dead souls. Oh, my he has no conscience. He  should fall on his knees and say, "My kind  commits history's greatest crime against your  kind every day of your life." But does he? No.  He scorns you, splits your head with his  nightstick and calls you nigger. If you've had  it, then stand up and come forward. If not us,  then who? If not now, then when?  Brother Bembry, can we fix it so our  loudspeaker is heard on the street?  If you want to tell me.  Women are deceitful. They are untrustworthy  flesh. I've seen too many men ruined or tied  down or messed up by women.  Women talk too much. To tell a woman not to  talk is like telling Jesse James not to carry a  gun or a hen not to cackle. And Samson, the  strongest man that ever lived, was destroyed by  the woman who slept in his arms.  No. We are not Catholic priests. We do not  practice celibacy. If a woman is the right  height for a man, the right complexion, if her  age is half the man's plus seven, if she  understands that man's essential nature is  strong and woman's weak, if she loves children,  can cook, sew and stay out of trouble--  What points?  Let me explain. No. I'll do better than that.  I'll show it to you. Scientifically. But it's  demonstration purely in the interest of  science, you understand?  Notice especially the claw, the jaw and the  skull formation. This is the rat. This the  mole. Here you have the aardvark and the  boar...  ...All members of the pig-rodent family.  So it is not a matter of the breeding  conditions or preparation of the meat. The meat  itself is foul.  I'm sorry. I've had you on your feet for hours.  You're the strawberry soda and you're the hot  fudge sundae.  That's something I haven't done in fifteen years.  Sat down with a pretty girl and had an ice  cream soda.  Delicious.  0h, yes, there is. I know a lot about you. Brother Bembry briefed me.  You're from Detroit, near where I come from.  You majored in education at Tuskegee. You're  studying nursing and having trouble with your  family.  They want you to quit the Muslims or they won't  pay your tuition, isn't that it?  No, good Sisters are rare. We need every one.  Tell me something: how tall are you?  Just an idle question.  How old are you, Betty?  Are you?  What have you set your mind to?  Brother Malcolm.  Brother Johnson was attacked by the cops.  There was a scuffle. The Brother was watching.  The cop says, "Move on."  The Brother didn't scatter fast enough for the  ofay.  Crack. He bled like a stuck hog.  Watcha gonna do?  He'll rap a little. He's a Muslim. And make a  speech.  Muslims talk a good game, but they never do  nothing, unless somebody bothers Muslims.  I demand to see Brother Johnson.  Who the hell are you?  I'm from Muslim Temple 7.  Never heard of you.  Where is he?  Nobody here by that name.  I'm Minister Malcolm X. Two witnesses saw him  brought in. He was not brought out.  Take a look out that window. I intend to see  Brother Johnson.  Brothers of Brother Johnson.  Yeah. We got a Muslim. The relief must of put it  down.  No lawyer, no see.  Until I'm satisfied Brother Johnson is  receiving proper medical attention, no one will  move.  Only a pig could do a thing like that.  Don't you call me boy, you pig. Letting a man  bleed like that.  All right, break it up. You got what you wanted.  I'm not satisfied.  All right, that's enough. I want these people  moved out of here.  They're all disciplined men. They're doing  nothing except waiting.  What about them?  That's your headache, Captain. And if he dies,  I pity you.  He'll live. He's getting the best care we can  give.  Thank you, Doctor.  I had to put a plate in his head.  You bastards.  All right, okay. Now disperse this mob.  That's too much power for one man to have.  Brother Minister, we need to strike back.  Put fear into those devils.  I want to also, but until we are instructed by  the Messenger to do so, we will just wait and  pray.  I'm tired of praying.  That's enough, Brother Earl.  Sit down, son.  Mr. X, I was out there tonight. I saw what you  did. I want to be a Muslim. I ain't never seen  a Negro stand up to the police like that.  Do you know what it means to be a true Muslim?  Not exactly, but I want to be one, like you.  I admire your enthusiasm but you should never  join any organization without first checking it  out thoroughly.  Mr. X, I won't make you out a liar.  If I surprise you, let me explain. Menial work  teaches us humility.  Let me do it then.  No, each of us must relearn that work is the  only worthwhile thing. Allah has given you a  great gift. Use it wisely, never forgetting  that we are nothing, while He is all.  Allah Akbar.  Tonight I shall introduce you as my National  Representative. It will be a difficult task.  Your assignment is to build temples all over  this nation. More work than you have ever done  in your life and you will be in the public eye.  My son, beware of those cameras, they are just  as bad as a narcotic. Yes, the white devil will watch your every  step. Even your own Brothers will become  jealous, and hostile, go slowly. So I offer you  a parable -- regarding your work.  This sweet, gentle man gave me the truth from  his own mouth. And I adored him, in the sense  of the Latin root of the word. Adorare, to  worship and to fear. He was the first man I  ever feared -- not fear such as the one has of  a gun but the fear one has of the power of the  sun, I pledged myself to him, even if it cost  me my life.  Sister Betty?  I'm in Detroit.  At a gas station.  Will you marry me?  Did you hear what I said?  I think so. Can you catch a plane?  I love you.  It won't be easy.  It will be rough.  I'll be away a lot.  What do you think?  We're waiting on you folks. You trying to starve  us?  I must emphasize at the outstart, that the  Honorable Elijah Muhammad is not a politician,  so I'm not here this afternoon as a Republican,  nor a Democrat, not as a Mason nor an Elk, not  as a Christian nor a Jew, not as a Catholic nor  a Protestant, not as a Baptist nor a Methodist,  not even as an American. For if I was an  American the problem that confronts our people  today would not exist. So I stand here as what  I was when I was born: A BLACK MAN!  Take your time.  What kind of black people does the Honorable  Elijah Muhammad speak for? Black people who are  jobless... the black masses who are poor,  hungry, and angry, the black masses who are  dissatisfied with the slums and ghettos in  which we have been forced to live... the black  masses who are tired of listening to the  promises of white politicians to correct the  miserable living conditions that exist in our  community... the black masses that are sick of  the inhuman acts of bestial brutality practiced  by these semi-savage white policemen that  patrol our community, like the occupation  forces of a conquering enemy army... the black  masses who are fed up with the anemic, Uncle  Tom leadership set up by the white man to act  as a spokesman for our people and to KEEP US   If the black man cannot go back to his own  people and his own land, Elijah Muhammad is  asking that a part of the United States be  separated and given to the Muslims so they can  live separately.  The white people who are guilty of white  supremacy try and hide their own guilt by  accusing the Honorable Elijah Muhammad of  teaching black supremacy when he tries to  uplift the mentality, the social, and economic  condition of black people in this country. And  the Jews, who have been guilty of exploiting  the black people economically, civilly, and  otherwise, hide their guilt by accusing the  Honorable Elijah Muhammad of being anti-Semitic  simply because he teaches our people to go into  business for ourselves and trying to take over  the economic leadership in our own community.  The black people in this country have been the  victims of violence at the hands of the white  man for 400 years, and following the ignorant  Negro preachers, we have thought that it was  God-like to turn the other cheek to the brute  that was brutalizing us. 100 years ago they  use to put on a white sheet and use a  bloodhound against Negroes. Today they've taken off sheets and put on police uniforms, they've  traded in the bloodhounds for police dogs. And  just as Uncle Tom back during slavery used to  keep the Negroes from resisting the bloodhounds  or resisting the Ku Klux Klan by telling them  to love their enemy or pray for those who use  them as spitefully today. The Honorable Elijah  Muhammad is showing black people that just as  the white man and every other person on this  earth has God given rights, natural rights,  civil rights, and any other kind of rights that  you can think of when it comes to defending  himself.  Mr. X, before we start our discussion tonight  -- The Black Muslims: Hate Mongers -- would you  mind explaining for us the meaning of your  name, which is the letter X.  Yes sir. As you know, during slavery time, the  slavemasters named most of the so-called  Negroes in America after themselves. Mr. Elijah  Muhammad teaches us once you come into the  knowledge of Islam, you replace your slave name  with an X. Since we've been disconnected, cut  off from our Eastern culture for so long that  we don't know the names we originally had, we  will use X until we get back to the East.  Thank you. Now Dr. Payson.  Please, go ahead.  For the white man to ask the black man if he  hates him is just like the rapist asking the  raped, or the wolf asking the sheep, "Do you  hate me!" The white man is in no moral position  to accuse anyone of hate.  Certainly, Mr. X, you must admit there has been  progress.  I'll talk about "progress" in a minute, but let  me finish with my brother.  You left one phrase out. Another educated  Kneegrew said to me and I quote: "Brother  Malcolm oversimplifies the dynamic interstices  of the Negro subculture." Would you agree?  Well, I have this to say. Do you know what a  Negro with a B.A., an M.A. and a Ph.D. is  called -- by the white man? I'll tell you. He's  called a nigger.  I think, perhaps, Dr. Payson has something to--  Don't you want to hear about the Field Nigger?  Thank you. Now the Negro in the field caught  hell all day long. He was beaten by the master;  he lived in a shack, wore castoff clothes and  hated his master. If the house caught fire,  he'd pray for a wind. If the master got sick,  he'd pray that he'd die. And if you said to  him, "Let's go, let's separate", he'd yell,  "Yeah, man, any place is better than this."  You've got a lot of Field Negroes in America  today. I'm one.  Tell it.  --there's another one. The majority of black  Americans today are Field Negroes. They don't  talk about OUR progress, about OUR government,  OUR navy, OUR astronauts. Hell, they won't  even let you near the plant.  Go and tell the brothers what Brother Minister  is doing, has done, has been of great benefit  to the Nation.  Brother Man, put that bottle down, take that  poison away from your lips. That's what the  devil wants you to do, stay high, out of your  natural mind. I know, I've been there.  It's time you received your X. But first you  must copy this letter, exactly as I give it to  you; down to the dotted "i's," crossed "t's,"  everything. And you must go on a fast, just  water and juices, that's it.  I'll have it tomorrow.  Brother Benjamin, do not rush, it has to be  exact.  When you live in a poor neighborhood, you're  living in an area where you have poor schools.  You are now Benjamin 2X.  All praises are due to Allah. Thank you,  Brother Minister.  Come, sit with us.  We are now sitting with Brother Benjamin 2X.  Allah Akbar.  You will be good.  Brother Minister, can I have something to eat?  Let's get this man some food.  Mr. X, I've read some of your speeches and I  honestly believe a lot of what you say has  truth to it. I have a good heart. I'm a good  person despite my whiteness. What can the good  white people like myself, who are not  prejudiced, or racist, what can we do to help  the cause?  Nothing!  ...My high school was the black ghetto of  Roxbury. My college was the streets of Harlem,  and I took my masters in prison. If you look  out the window--  --you can see my burglary hangout. I lived  like an animal. Had it not been for the  Honorable Elijah Muhammad I would surely be in  an insane asylum or dead.  Mr. Muhammad is trying to get us on God's side,  so God will be on our side to help us fight our  battles. When Negroes stop getting drunk, stop  being addicted to drugs, stop fornicating and committing adultery. When we get off the  welfare, then we'll be MEN. Earn what you need  for your family, then your family respects you.  They'll be proud to say "That's my father."  She's proud to say "That's my husband..."  Father means you're taking care of those  children. Just 'cause you made them that don't  mean you're a father. Anybody can make a baby,  but anybody can't take care of them. Anyone can  go and get a woman but anybody can't take care  of a woman. This is the type of teaching that  the honorable Elijah Muhammad teaches us so we  can build the moral fiber of our people.  I can see the gentlemen of the press, also the  FBI and CIA. are with us. Get it straight 'cuz  if I said, "Mary had a little lamb," they'd  write Malcolm X lampoons poor Mary.  We have built temples in Boston, in Detroit, in  Atlanta, Philadelphia, Washington -- 100  temples in fifty states. From a handful we  have grown to scores of thousands.  The Honorable Elijah Muhammad teaches us that  God is now about to establish a kingdom on this  earth based on brotherhood and   Thank you, Brother; Sister, how are you?  Please make way, please--  Can I ask you something?  Sure, man.  Are you Elijah's pimp?  What?  "His greatest greatness."  Say what you're saying.  If you don't know, man, then I feel sorriest  for you.  Okay, last hug.  Long day. Long night. Long year. Long ten years.  How do you know?  I don't want to bring my troubles home. You  know that.  I just want to sit here and be still.  Talk about what?  There's always talk, always been talk, and  always will be talk. Don't they say how I'm  trying to take over the Nation, how I'm getting  rich off the Nation?  There are always slanders, always lies. You're  reading the devil's lies. Can't you see they're  trying to bring us down, bring down the  Messenger.  I was going to talk to Bembry about it tonight.  Woman, have you lost your mind? What's the  matter with you?  I'm not interested in personal publicity. Our  people know what I'm doing.  Bembry saved my Life. The Honorable Elijah  Muhammad saved my life.  Is that what this is about? Material wealth?  The Nation will provide for you and the  children if anything happens to me.  What do you want me to do? Our people need me.  What do you want me to do?  Sister Evelyn, believe in Allah.  He told you that?  Are you sure?  Allah will provide.  "I'm telling you God's words, not to hustle."  We tell the world we're moral leaders because  we follow the personal example of the Honorable  Elijah Muhammad. It's hard to make a rooster  stop crowing once the sun has risen. The sun is  up.  And what do I say of this so-called national  mourning! I say... the white man's acts are  condemned, not only by our beliefs but by his  own.  Both his Bible and the Holy Koran say: "As you  sow, so shall you reap." Both say: "Sow the  wind, reap the whirl wind."  Alaikum Wa-Salaam.  Minister X! Don't you have even a little bit of  remorse... saddened by President Kennedy's  assassination?  Assassination might be too good a word, and  might I add an Arabic word at that. This was a  prime example of the devil's chickens coming  home to roost. Being an old farm boy myself,  chickens coming home to roost never did make  me sad. It always made me glad.  Did you see the papers today?  Yes, sir, I did.  That was a very bad statement. The country  loved this man, and you have made it hard in  general for Muslims.  I agree with you, sir. I submit 100 percent.  Another one?   How long has this been going on?  All day since you and Betty left. Brother  Minister, I have to level with you. They gave  me a mission. But I couldn't do it. I love  y'all.  What mission?  To wire your car so it would explode when you  turned the ignition. The Ministers say you are  spreading untruths about the Messenger. The  Ministers say you are a great hypocrite, Judas,  Benedict Arnold. The Ministers say your tongue  should be cut out and delivered to the  Messenger's doorstep.  What does Sidney say?  I'm with you, Brother Minister.  No. You'll be marked for death.  Let me die then.  I won't let myself come between you and your  father. Go home.  You're my father.  And don't come back.  Because 1964 threatens to be a very explosive  year on the racial front, and because I myself  intend to be very active in every phase of the  American Negro struggle for HUMAN RIGHTS, I  have called this press conference, this  morning in order to clarify my own position in  the struggle -- especially in regards to  politics and nonviolence. In the past I thought  the thoughts, spoke the words of the Honorable  Elijah Muhammad, that day is over. From now on  I speak my own words, and think my own thoughts.  Internal differences within the Nation of Islam  forced me out of it. I did not leave of my own  free will. But now that it has happened, I  intend to make the most of it. Now that I have  more independence of action, I intend to use a  more flexible approach toward working with  others to get a solution to this problem. I do  not pretend to be a divine man, but I do  believe in divine guidance, divine power, and  in the fulfillment of divine prophecy. I am not  educated, nor am I an expert in any particular  field, but I am sincere, and my sincerity is my  credentials. I'm not out to fight other Negro  leaders or organizations. We must find a common  solution, to a common problem. I am going to  organize and head a new mosque in New York  City, known as the Muslim Mosque, Inc. This  gives us a religious base, and the spiritual  force necessary to rid our people of the vices  that destroy the moral fiber of our community.  Our political philosophy will be black  nationalism. Our economic and social philosophy  will be black nationalism. The Muslim Mosque,  Inc. will remain wide open for ideas and  financial aid from all quarters. Whites can  help us, but they can't join us. There can be  no black-white unity until there is first some  black unity.  My darling Betty. Everywhere I go I am welcomed  as the representative of our people.  I wonder who he's working for? If I was a  betting man, I'd say CIA. What's your guess?  Today, with thousands of others, I proclaimed  God's greatness in the Holy City of Mecca.  Wearing the Ihram garb I made my seven circuits  around the Kaaba; I drank from the well of Zem  Zem; I prayed to Allah from Mt. Ararat where  the Ark landed. It was the only time in my life  that I stood before the Creator of all and felt  like a complete human being.  You may be shocked by these words, but I have  eaten from the same plate, drunk from the same  glass and prayed to the same God with fellow  Muslims whose eyes were blue, whose hair was  blond and whose skin was the whitest of whites.  And we are brothers, truly; people of all  colors and races believing in One God and one  humanity. Once before, in prison, the truth  came and blinded me. It has happened again...  In the past, I have permitted myself to be used  to make sweeping indictments of all white  people, and these generalizations have caused  injuries to some white folks who did not  deserve them. Because of the spiritual rebirth  which I was blessed to undergo as a result of  my pilgrimage to the Holy City of Mecca, I no  longer subscribe to sweeping indictments of  one race. I intend to be careful not to  sentence anyone who has not been proven guilty.  I'm not a racist and do not subscribe to any of  the tenets of racism. In all honesty and  sincerity it can be stated that I wish nothing  but freedom, justice and equality: life,  liberty, and the pursuit of happiness for all  people.  My first concern, of course, is with the group  to which I belong, the Afro-Americans, for we,  more than any other, are deprived of these  inalienable rights.  I believe the true practice of Islam can remove  the cancer of racism from the hearts and souls  of white Americans.  Let's begin.  Malcolm, you said on your trip abroad you  sensed a feeling of great brotherhood.  As I recall, I pointed out that while I was in  Mecca making the pilgrimage, I spoke about the  brotherhood that existed at all levels among  all people, all colors who had accepted the  religion of Islam. I pointed out that what it  had done, Islam, for those people despite their  complexion differences, that it would probably  do America well to study the religion of Islam  and perhaps it could drive some of the racism  from this society. Muslims look upon themselves  as human beings, as part of the human family  and therefore look upon all other segments of  the human family as part of that same family.  Today my friends are black, brown, red, yellow  and white.  Malcolm, are you prepared to go to the United  Nations at this point and ask that charges be  brought against the United States for its  treatment of the American Negroes?  Oh yes.  Are you prepared to work with some of the  leaders of some of the other civil rights  organizations?  Certainly, we will work with any groups,  organizations or leaders in any way, as long as  it's genuinely designed to get results.  Does the new beard have any religious  significance?  No, not particularly. But I do think that you  will And black people in America, as they  strive to throw off the shackles of mental  colonialism, will also probably reflect an  effort to throw off the shackles of cultural  colonialism. And then they'll begin to reflect  desires of their own with standards of their  own.  I don't see why that should be controversial. I  think that if white people found themselves  victim of the same kind of brutality that black  people in this country face, and they saw that  the government was either unwilling or unable  to protect them, that the intelligence on the  part of the whites would make them get some  rifles and protect themselves.  What about the guns, Malcolm?  Has the white man changed since I went away?  Have you put up your guns? The day you stop  being violent against my people will be the  day I tell folks to put away their guns.  Then you're still an extremist?  Git your hand out of my pocket!  You're one dead nigger.  You're days on this earth are numbered, brother.  You have to sleep for three.  I'm sorry. I haven't been the best husband or  father.  Families shouldn't be separated. I'll never  make another long trip without you and the kids.  We'll all be together.  We had the best organization that black people  ever had and niggers ruined it.  Walk out the back, dear. Hurry.  There's nothing to be afraid of. It might be a  little cold. Hang on. We'll be fine.  Everybody out. OUT! OUT! Get the kids.  Call the Fire Department.  And the fire hit the window and it woke up my  second oldest baby, but the fire burned on the  outside of the house. It could have fallen on  six-, four-, or two-year-old girls. And I'm  going to tell you, if it had done it, I'd've  taken my rifle and gone after anybody in sight.  Are the Muslims behind this?  It was bombed by the Black Muslim movement upon  the orders of Elijah Muhammad.  Do you know what Muslim headquarters is saying?  I can imagine. I did it myself. For the  publicity.  We called your house, operator said you had  requested that your phone be turned off.  Give us the command, Malcolm.  I don't care about myself, my wife and four  children were sleeping in their beds, they  have nothing to do with this.  Let's get out of this cold.  Allah Akbar.  Mr. X. I have a good heart. I'm a good person  despite my whiteness. What can the good white  people like myself who are not prejudiced do to  help the cause of the Negro?  Let sincere white individuals find other white  people who feel as they do and teach  non-violence to those whites who think and act  so racist.  Let's all pray without ceasing. May Allah bless  you.  Brother Earl.  Malcolm, where are you? We've been calling all  over the city.  I'm gonna try and get some work done tonight.  Let some of us come down there.  No, that won't be necessary. I'll be all right.  I wish you'd listen to us. What about the  meeting tomorrow? We need to frisk people.  I don't want folks to be searched, it makes  people uncomfortable. If I can't be safe among  my own kind, where can I be? Allah will protect  me.  That red nigger of yours is dead and so are  your bastard children.  Betty it's me. It's me.  Don't answer the phone. It's all right. It's  all right. Nothing is gonna happen to anybody.  At the Hilton. The girls asleep?  I don't think that's such a good idea.  Brothers, the time is fast approaching, it's  the hour of the knife.  You are welcome.  No sign of the minister yet.  He'll be here like clockwork.  Ma'am, I'm fine.  May Allah bless you.  Is the program ready?  No, Brother Minister.  sister.  Folks are sitting out there _today_, not next  week, expecting to hear our program.  Next week, Brother Minister.  Has the Reverend called? Is he going to show?  Reverend Chickenwing called last night and said  he wouldn't be able to attend.  So now we have no opening speaker? Why wasn't I  informed last night?  I called Sister Betty, she didn't tell you?  Since when do you start telling Sister Betty my  business? Since when? She has nothing to do  with this. You tell me, not her, not anybody  else.  I assumed...  What did I tell you about assuming?  Benjamin, you better go out there and explain  why the program isn't ready today.  Sister, please go with the brother.  Brother Minister, what is wrong?  The way I feel, I ought not to go out there  today. In fact, I'm going to ease some of this  tension by telling the black man not to fight  himself -- that's all a part of the white man's  big maneuver, to keep us fighting amongst  ourselves, against each other. I'm not  fighting anyone, that's not what we're here  for.  Let's cancel.  Is my family here yet?  Down front as always.  You'll have to forgive me for raising my voice  to you.  I wonder if anybody understands.  Make it plain.  And now, without further remarks, I present to  you one who is willing to put himself on the  line for you--  Brothers and Sisters, Wa-Salaam Alaikum.  Alaikum Wa-Salaam.  Git your hand out of my pocket.   Hold it, brothers. Don't get excited. Let's  cool it--  Here at this final hour, in this quiet place,  Harlem has come to bid farewell to one of its  brightest hopes, extinguished now and gone from  us forever.  I'm Malcolm X.  I'm Malcolm X.  I'm Malcolm X.  I'm Malcolm X.  I'm Malcolm X.  I'm Malcolm X.  As Brother Malcolm said, "We declare our right  on this earth to be a man, to be a human being,  to be respected as a human being, in this  society, on this earth, in this day, which we  intend to bring into existence by any means  necessary."  