The Bismark in Chicago. You familiar? And I ain't no nigger either! I ain't no fuckin' kike! Awwh, Charlie. But I've never served a day. What are ya tellin' me, Charlie? But you know I never killed nobody that didn't deserve it. What you're sayin' makes a lotta sense. Ya know, if I keep on killin' people like I have, I won't have no more friends left! Torrio ain't like them guys. He thinks like an American. You'd like him, Charlie. He'd like you. One fuckin' year ago I had ta hit you up for train fare. Now I can buy the fuckin' train. And I ain't even a fuckin' Sicilian! Since Colosimo bit it, I gotta keep an eye out for his friends. And a lot more. Can we talk? I do right by Johnny Torrio and he does right by me.But not you. I remember reading a poem in college. "Sicily. Poor, noble isle...". The goddamned bastards. You ever been near a meat packing plant? My father makes a couple million per, but the smell in his office is enough to make you puke. I'm Bobby Clowes. Kansas City.Not another word. Hey, I ignore my wife too. But on our honeymoon I paid attention. Tell me something, Meyer. How can you get up at dawn to walk on the beach if you're on your honeymoon?You scare me, Charlie. Whatever you say, Boss. But from now on it's Lucky's spot. Up here, Boss.Maybe. But he'd still be the Boss. But ya got a Boss. Sure. What's with the brick wall? Ya still owe me fifty bucks for the train ticket. So Chicago's been good to ya. Scared. I guess I am. Just a little. No. Not everything. I came into this world flat on my ass. So what happened? Why should I be? Don't worry. I got friends to take care of that. We'll start small. When we got 'em lined up, we increase the supply a bit at a time. Only sell the best stuff. And keep the price high, 'cause ya know how folks hate the taste of cheap booze. Their asses are here, but their fuckin' heads are still in Sicily. I got my partner in there! I ain't mad. I ain't even surprised. But I can't let ya fuck me. On the other hand, if ya got needs beyond the thirty-five, I'll advance it to you against our next deal on the same terms. Mr. Rothstein, Can I be frank? You're a gambler, and I know you've had losses. I also know you could sell to Maranzano or Masseria for fifty G's, but nobody sells to those guys once. So if ya really got another buyer, and ya wanna welch, I ain't gonna beef. When my money moves, I go with it. If we have to. From your mouth ta God's ear. Four-twenty-eight. When the stiff's an Irish, the cops take it kinda personal.It consoles the bereaved family ta see the perpetrator take his load of juice. We try to oblige. Lad, I'm a busy man. July's always a big month for murder. Fella named Barone turned up just this mornin', throat cut ear to ear. Black Hand. Shane was a friend of yours? They told me you wanted to talk about this Shane business.But if ya can't catch the guys... When you're investigatin', how long ya keep at it? He was around... You havin' any luck findin' out who did him? Maranzano. Ta ice you. Mad Dog Coll's in town on a job. How's Bugsy doin'? We got our boys paintin' the house next door. Around the clock. We're gonna keep old man Profaci alive if it takes twenty coats. Masseria's confused. He can't figure whether you're workin' for Maranzano, or gettin' ready to kill the bastard. So he's spreadin' the word that you're goin' after Profaci because it happened on his turf. I figure Masseria's gonna try to rub out Profaci, and pin it on us. Then Maranzano will have to kill ya. He's hidin'. Word's out Tommy Reina's goin' over ta Maranzano. But Maranzano's got the men and the brains. What are ya thinkin', Charlie? Does Maranzano have to kiss you on the lips before you'll take his goddamn money? I think Maranzano's talkin' a hell of a deal. No disrespect, Tommy, but why would Mr. Arnold Rothstein wanna do business with bums like us? Where'd ya get this funny ravioli? You ain't even a man yet. Long as Charlie says. I thought we just wanted to be left alone to run our business. I'm sorry, but I sleep better when I know I'm with the winning side. That's it. Well... Ya mean we're so rich we're broke?What do you mean? Up down. Down up. It's the same. You see things through both eyes. And now you have everything. Life knocked me back. I had everything. Once. Are you frightened? I'm gonna lose you, Charlie. But there's... Charlie? Would it be painful for you? You must be feeling better, if you're looking for sex again. I'm very sorry... I didn't... My friends have a country house we can use for a while. I booked passage to London. So you all make the same mistakes? You could have stopped him. Why? You're the innocent one. It's too late. It's a mask. You're sure? I needed to see you again. I was calling yesterday. I'm already late. I must be going. No. I'm here with you. For being a man. No. They envy you. Inside, they were talking of you.Julius Caesar never took no vote. Charlie, I'm from the old country, and these American ways get me sometimes confused. You tellin' us you refuse the title of Boss of All the Bosses? Who'll make the rules? Come on, Charlie. We gotta have a top guy. Otherwise these wars ain't never gonna stop. Charlie!Boo-Boo. The commission don't decide how I spend my honeymoon. We have a commission. If there's a dispute over territory, the commission decides. We're gonna be the winning side. It's like Rothstein said about that guy in Austria. We're gonna use Maranzano and Masseria. Let 'em knock each other bloody. And then, when everybody's screamin' for peace, we step in to make it. What they're fight in' over, everybody will beg us to take. Mr. Costello handles our business with the government agencies. A hundred-seven bucks too much. Any kid who drops an extra dime is gonna be talkin' to Moliari. Is there a fuckin' point comin' up anytime soon? What's your problem? Tommy Reina. We can get the war started tomorrow, but it won't be pretty. Tommy Reina's gone over to Maranzano, but so far Masseria ain't lifted a finger, It'll just be a few minutes. You're getting' 10 cc's It's not myself I'm worried about. Might as well put the time to use. I'm gettin' married in six weeks. I'll already be in Atlantic City which is probably the best place to do it anyway. So we end up with everybody but the two Bosses, at our meet. We ain't sayin' we're the leaders, but we're leadin'. And if we don't invite Maranzano, we can't invite Masseria. Guys don't wanna be choosin' sides. Italians, Jews, Irish. One big party. Course, some guys don't get along. We need to put together a meet for the whole country. We all got the same problems. We could talk. Meet the guys we don't know. Lift a few with the guys we do. I been thinkin'... We're going to Atlantic City for the honeymoon. Guess I'm not a single type guy. No. We ain't even... It's nothin'. I'm gettin' married. Without us, Masseria don't stand a chance, and he knows it. We'll figure out something. The minute we sell out to Maranzano, that bastard is gonna have you knocked off. Bugsy, you and I don't need to be in business with Maranzano. We got more jobs than we can handle. That's not the problem. A million bucks. In the last six months. Lansky. Meyer Lansky. And that's Bugsy Siegel ya got there. We're gonna change it, Bugs. Once we get rid of the Dons, the Commission's gonna rule. No more wars. No more vendettas. No more Boss of All the Bosses. Masseria won't have any choice but to trust you. And as long as we keep the Boss alive, Maranzano can't win without you. Maranzano will think Masseria ordered the hit, and won't have no choice but to start the war. We got exactly two choices, Maranzano or Masseria. Ben-jamin. Come off it, Bugs. Yeah. So who the fuck does?Minimum security. You'll have everything but broads. If it wasn't important for everybody, we wouldn't ask. We got friends in Philly. They can send you up for a couple months on a weapons charge. We're asking you to go to prison. When the people get so upset, our politician friends gotta listen. You've got the public upset, Al. Poor, yeah. Tell me about it. Got the same problem with my pop -- garlic. Nothin' you can do. Charlie Luciano. Maybe that's why I'm the Boss. Why should you be payin' me when we're all equals? No, Al. Whatever we say. We're all Bosses here. We don' need another. Maybe you better hear what I got to say first. That ain't exactly been the lucky spot lately. Who hired the bastard? Tommy Reina's hauntin' his dreams. But he'll do his job. Masseria's tryin' ta find a way around ya. But his patience won't hold out much longer. You got men on Profaci's place? Get word to Maranzano. I want a meet. Alone. On neutral turf. Bastard didn't even show. Which is why he doesn't need us. It'll all be over tomorrow. No more wars. No more killin'. Just livin' normal like everybody else. You'll be stuck with me for good. I'm doin' business here! It always is. A lot of shit came out of me in the hospital. I'm sorry you got hit by it. Oh, God. Don't start actin' like a fuckin' wife on me. If I look weak now, it's over. London? Gives us something in common. Ya never tell a guy about a broad. Guess I'm too confused to think. Have you thought about this? You got something to hide? Why do you bother with perfume when you smell like this? Same here. Something came up. Luciano. For what? Come on. It's Christmas. At least stay for breakfast. What's the matter? You here with Bobby? For being a bootlegger? I can just imagine. And maybe that's why he ended up dead in the streets of Rome. I don't care what anybody calls me, Joe. Long as it ain't to dirty. And if you fellas get together every year and say, "Charlie, we still want you to run things for us", I ain't gonna insult ya by sayin' no. We'll make 'em, and we'll enforce 'em. All of us. Together. We all get one vote. Includin' me. As long as ya got one top Boss, somebody else's always gonna be looking to knock him off. And that's war on top of war. I do this for you, and you'll leave me and my guys alone. Be the fuckin' Boss of all the other Bosses, but we are gonna be our own Bosses. Seein' he loved the experience so much, I think we outta give him the pleasure again. It's just that Maranzano's the only bastard I ever heard brag about gettin' audited by the IRS. He came out clean, so he thinks his shit don't stink. Meyer, ain't anybody ever told you ya look more like a bookkeeper than a fuckin' mobster? Who? The fat man's scared. Scared of us, and scared without us. Same with Maranzano. We gotta get their minds back on each other. This fuckin' peace is killin' us. I NEED THE TWENTY! You bastards, I said twenty! I told you twenty! I'll do fine. After all this time I'd think you'd know me better, Meyer. Your honeymoon, Meyer? How soon can we pull this off? I'll handle the Boss. Like Don Maranzano. Like a party for all our friends. Good. 'Cause every time you start thinkin', we end up makin' money. I'll talk to Nucky. Get you set up like the fuckin' Prince of Wales. Whatta ya mean? It's great! Well, good. Woman like that you don't have to keep an eye on. Married? To Anna? You ain't got her in trouble? Meyer. At least Masseria plays by the rules. Maranzano thinks he's God, and the rules don't apply. I'm supposed to be at my old man's for Christmas dinner at eight. So what is the problem? Meyer just finished the books. You fellas got names? So? I'll get Bugs ta do it. One move pardner, and you're a dead man. Couple hands. No harm in it. Sure. But ya got a deck a cards? I wanna play some Klob. Not stupid. Fat. When ya got all that blood workin' in your belly, it ain't upstairs where it needs to be. Ya did good. I ain't seen the Boss so happy in weeks. Lobster Fra Diavolo. Spaghetti with red clam sauce. Antipasto. And pastry that'll make you wanna go home and slap your sweet mama. We gotta talk in private. I got a friend in Coney Island who's gonna open his restaurant just for us. Every successor will owe his loyalty to us. Together we take out Maranzano, and each family gets a piece of his operation. Not if they all die at once. They're friends of our enemy. Joe Profaci. Carlo Gambino. Vinnie Mangano. Joe Bananas. They all gotta die. Why should I go against you, Boss? Nobody can handle this business like you. Maranzano'll never know the crap that you forget. He's got no business bein' Boss. The idea makes me wanna puke. You're the Boss, an it's gonna stay that way. You got no fuckin' choice. You might be able to stay alive, but you're never gonna win the war from these fuckin' rat holes. So tell me when I ain't done it. If I wanted ta kill ya, I woulda done it long ago. It's not like you ain't given me reason. You gotta plan these things. Didn't know you felt that way. That little party's gonna make you a lotta money. Boss, I got all the time you need. Where we headed? So he can talk to all the families behind your back? Maybe have his own meet at 3:00 AM under the goddamn boardwalk? No. You're too smart for a sucker play. You know that if you come, we gotta invite Maranzano. He'll know you were smart enough to stay away, Boss. He's trying to make it. Calculated risks. But Boss, this one don't calculate. Never threaten me, Boss. I know. When the storm hits, it don't pay to be caught outside. You tryin' ta tell me something? I don't come to a meet with a weapon unless it's with an enemy. What's with the banquet? This is supposed to be a private meet. Whatta ya mean, Boss? If ever I need a Boss, Joe. Forget it. That's past. Boss, we got our own tradition. We call it treatin' your friends right, and not bein' a pig for every scrap of glory. Tell it to the Calabrian. Tell it to the Jews. What makes you think I give a damn about that Sicilian crap? The guy doin' the job names the price. If you don't like it, you can kill Masseria yourself. Keep my terms and I won't be your enemy. You and me both. Sal-va-to-re. They do what I tell 'em. You're fuckin' crazy. You're all fuckin' crazy! I don't fuck my partners. I'll take care of the Boss. That's why I'm here. I found that out. And the Jews? I got partners. What about the share. Sittin' around gives me the piles. You got a proposition? He's the Boss of all the Bosses, and I respect him. An' Masseria's got seven hundred. I've got friends. Don, you talk about honor, but you mean vendetta. Killin' an' more killin' until nobody can remember how it all started. The name's Charlie. Don, I'd be honored. Not a lot ta know. Good liquor draws a good crowd. Don Maranzano. Welcome. And what do you want out of this? That's just what I'm sick of. Everybody lookin' ta knock somebody off! Greedy for what you got. A bunch of fuckin' hogs at the trough. Talk English. Okay? I did lousy at school. Okay. I'm listening. We can operate around these guys. We were overdue to get hit. Masseria's been after me too. I turned him down flat. Because the world ain't big enough for the Dons. So we gotta choose between our friends and ourselves. It ain't the way I'd make the world, but that's the way it is. Guess I'm just lucky. Yeah. But he needs me alive. If it comes to that. Yeah. Masseria's scared. He might make our deal. You wouldn't live out the week. Johnson's still on board. Even Maranzano won't screw with Nucky in Atlantic City. But everywhere else, we got nothing but problems. Forget it. Jesus. Come on. Be polite. There won't be any way to stay out of it. Those fucks can't leave each other alone. Maranzano and Masseria ain't gonna be satisfied until one of 'em starts a war. Spare us. Shuddup.Now that's a hard number. Anything ain't a very hard number. What's it worth to ya, Boss? What a cozy little scene. Open a window. Every newsboy in town's screamin' about it. I'm comin' for my twenty thousand.You own a hotel, sir? Sir, we do not use such names at our hotel. I'm sorry, sir. Our clientele is restricted to White Anglo-Saxons. There seems to be some confusion about your registration. I believe I can find you a place at the Ambassador. Many persons of the Jewish faith find it quite...No matter what you say to me Salvatore, you are my bambino. You disrespect our tradition. I will be the Boss of All Bosses. The terms will be mine. We must be friends, Charlie. Salvatore. Always holding himself above. Even the beasts of the earth know who rightfully reigns. At first, it will hurt you. But you will come to understand and we will be strong together. No worry, Charlie. I will kill them for you. No one will know. If you give him the chance, Lansky will betray you like Judas. Conditions have changed. Some people have become too powerful. Coming with me will be a delicate matter. We will work it out. But Charlie... We learn from life. Tell me, my son. Why did you go with Giuseppe? He's not our kind. Share with them as you wish. Do business with them on your own. But no filthy Jew will ever be a brother to me. Your Calabrian friend, I will accept. At least Costello eats pasta like us. You get fifteen percent. We combine everything. You are my second in command. The Internal Revenue came to my offices. I turned over all my ledgers. They found nothing. Charlie, I am a businessman. He's an animal! I have six hundred. Soldiers. And more every week off the boat. And how many soldiers do you have? Mussolini is raping Sicily like every Roman before him. So our brothers are coming to America. Soldiers willing to fight and die. Men who know the meaning of honor. Salvatore. My young Caesar. First me, Sallie. Then you. Then perhaps you need to know me. I must know more of you, my son. I've heard so much about this club of yours. I had to come and see. One hundred thousand. No... three hundred thousand. Anything! Kill them! Kill them! Luciano is dead? Yes?You can't kill me. You gave your word, Charlie. Come on, Charlie. We got business. Shit. When I was comin' up, bein' fat meant ya had somethin' ta eat. Guy looked like you, people felt sorry for 'em. Right, Gerardo? The kid just called me stupid. Look at this boy. He hardly eats. Like that fella killed Caesar. But that's an hour's drive. A mother-fuckin' peace conference. Take one of 'em out, and they'll all line up against us. You can't fuck with them. They're heads of families! What are ya thinkin'? Tell me, Charlie. Please. How can I trust you when you look at me like that? I'm still the Boss of All the Bosses! And you'll do what I say! And I got it all planned. You and Vito are gonna pull that payroll job. Right now. MONEY DON'T MEAN SHIT! And what went on your little party in Atlantic City. I got ears. I know about you. Wassa matter, Mr. Big Shot. Don't have time for my business no more? So fuck him. I don't care anymore. Let him come. What the fuck does that mean? He'll think something's wrong I ain't there. Tommy tells me that Capone's coming in from Chicago. This business is about taking risks. I got a place for you. In my family... or in the cemetery. You're a smart boy, Charlie, but there's somethin' you ain't learned yet. A man needs a family. See if these two are my friends. You boys carryin' pieces? It's only us and Sonny. Hey, Sonny. Come on out. I'm glad ya come. Ya piss like a man. I like that. Yeah. Yeah. I bet ya feed Maranzano that same line.An intelligent plan, Mr. Luciano, but listen to me well. It can be ruined in a single careless moment. Keep your feet on the ground and your high opinion of yourself under your hat. Precisely. We are the true entrepreneurs, and Prohibition is the greatest opportunity we shall ever have. America is begging to be taken like an overripe virgin, but they're still fighting over the crumbs of Little Italy. I cannot bear to look at that hideous suit one minute more. Could we step outside? Scotch is a very valuable commodity these days. I trust Mr. Johnson filled you in on the revisions. A peaceful and prosperous retirement. Bring order out of chaos. If you lead... they'll follow. So change it. The Big Picture. Strategy. A hundred years ago Austria was run by a prince named Metternich. Austria was weak, and it's neighbors were strong. But they were ruled by passionate men, while Metternich was ruthless and brilliant. If one country got too strong, he rallied an alliance against it. He would lead all of Europe to the brink of war, then bring the enemies together and forge the peace. Not by scurrying around like a puppies in a roomful of elephants. You think this is a coincidence? Next week half your customers will be buying their Scotch, our Scotch, from Maranzano. In a month, he'll be in Scotland talking to my distillers, because you can't move product. I'll be out of business, and you'll be working for Maranzano. Thank you for keeping me informed. And if I had known, I would have warned you to expect this. We could have prepared. Why didn't you tell me that Maranzano had made you an offer?