No, I gotta go to the cemetery, keep your head up. Don't look at the ball, look at me. I like to buy off all the railroads. Good for you baby. Vada!!Of what?? All right, here. How do I know you were gonna show us one? Yeah, to play with his DOLLS.Oh really, okay fine look, go cook, Gimme the goddam keys. Oh.. Oh.. Oh no?? Oh? This guy bonking you? WHAT? Can't stay, I'm just here because my wife..... My exwife seems to have ripped off my camper. Vada Sultenfuss?? Tough break. Yeah, all right... I'm impressed. What? Excuse me, MUTUAL ASSET, that's what the lawyer said, it's supposed to be &quot;OUR MUTUAL ASSET&quot;, not &quot;Shelly's recreational vehicle&quot;. Gimme the keys. You told everybody where you were going, I'm here for the motor home. What am I doing here????? What am I doing here?What Hurts Vada? Oh, wait relax now, let me look, let me look, come up here and we'll have a look. Vada, what's wrong sweetheart? Vada there is no chicken bone stuck in your throat. No. Vada you've gotta stop this, there's absolutely nothing wrong with you! Sweetheart, did they bring Mr. Layton to your house today? You are perfectly healthy.It's her home! It's where she lives!! Okay, I know you've suffered a terrible loss, and there's really nothing anyone can do to comfort you, but I urge you to focus on the times you had with the camper, the trips you took, the sights you saw, those days are gone now, but they'll live on in your heart forever. Danny? Uhh, it's nice to meet ya. Uhh, we got burgers and hot dogs here if you'd care to join us? Yeah, and when those suppers are disrupted because there's a car crash, or there's a fire, or a little boy steps on a beehive. I know that, but what do you want from me? I don't know which ball's mine. Watch you don't knock out a fish. Did you ahh, love him? Yep, there they are... They always look the same every year... You can get the general idea... Is it really your camper? Look, you're not gonna take Shelly's camper. Shelly? I'll second that. Okay. Really? I'm looking forward to that. Not at all. Lot of potatoes! I'm just picking some things up for the barbecue. I'm tired of bingo, maybe we should try that drive in of yours. Goodnight Shelly. I ahh, better go. Yes. Want to what? Old Spice, Phil says it's a timeless classic. At Widdman High I was considered a pretty hot date, I did a killer frugue. Rock? I haven't danced in..... Is there enough room? Here? I brought the baby into the room a couple of times, she opened her eyes, yeah, yeah I think she saw Vada. It was..... Ahh, complications during child birth, she died two days after Vada was born. Oh, that was Phil, trying to give me advice on dating 70's women. Look I'm so out of touch, I haven't dated women in ages, not since my wife died. No, why? Yeah. Well it certainly looks bigger that it seems. It's nice. Okay, sure. I haven't had a bingo partner in ages. Oh, how do you mean? Look, it's not always luck, I mean, depending upon the placement of the numbers, a guy with 10 cards could win just as easily as a guy with 100. Why d'you think these seats were empty. What's that? No. Just, more activity. I do enjoy playing bingo, if you'd like to join me for a game tomorrow night at church you're welcome to. I haven't been to the movies in AGES. It's no big deal. I prefer it to &quot;instead&quot;, it has more dignity. I wrote that. Oh, I'm just typing up a funeral notice, you know when someone dies people want it in the paper usually, it's a service we provide for the family. Oh Hi, what can I do for you? After my wife died, Grammoo moved in here to help take care of Vada. They were very close, but lately as her mind's been wandering more and more, Vada's been acting kinda crazy. I'm sure she'll snap out of it though. Thanks, listen I wanna apologize for the other day downstairs, about Vada, I was a little harsh. Can not do without, Harry's wild about me. She's a perfectly happy eleven year old girl, look, don't give me any advice about my daughter, okay? She was raised in a funeral home, she knows a thing or two about it. Oh that, she just likes to play. What do you mean?? That wasn't an image. She WAS an old school Marm. Fix it. She did. This photo was taken a month ago at the church food drive. This was the Reverend Porter's wife, you have her looking like a two dollar hooker. Yeah. Uh huh? Great, you can start right away. Call me Harry. Now, umm, is this what you'd normally wear for work? Don't get me wrong, I like it, very much, but the.... You'd be doing hair and makeup and answering the phone. Oh, You still want it? Even though uhh... Pardon? Deceased. Yes they are. Uhh, Miss devoto, these people are already at ease. This is not a Beauty Parlor, it's a Funeral Parlor. Uhh, Miss devoto... I think it's still available. That's good, memories are good sweetheart. Vada, I'm sorry; I was trying to keep it from you, I just couldn't. You're a good girl, and I want you to be happy; don't be an old grump like me. Seeya in the morning. Yes, I did, very much for a long time, and even now, I get a little sad when I think of a pretty flower or a sunset that your mother would have liked. Uh huh. You know what your mother did when she found out she was gonna have you? She came home and painted this whole room pink. She was so sure she was gonna have a little girl. She was pretty, and kind, she had your eyes. Oh boy did she love to laugh. Sometimes when you laugh, you sound just like her. Ahh, that little Chevy was your mothers favorite car. I forgot about that picture, where did you find it? No, no. What?? He's gone sweetheart. He's gone! There were just too many of 'em. He was allergic to bees. No sweetheart, you can't. Vada, something happened to Thomas J last night, he stepped on a beehive. He's getting big. Vada, come here and sit down for a minute. Is that the fish you won at the carnival? What are you doing. Hi Vada. I fall asleep at the wheel. We're having the wedding sometime near the end of the summer. I know, I know, let's go on the &quot;sit on the bench and rest&quot; ride. Hey guess what? We're going to the carnival tonight, be ready to go in 10 minutes. In a minute, look it's hot, sweetie you'll burn your nose, look out. Soon honey, soon. No, sweetie, not yet. Ahh, Vada, just put anything you want in the cart, anything at all. I don't know what's gotten into her today. HEY, OUCH, damn it!! Vada, watch what you're doing. Naah, I think you'd better stay here and keep Grammoo company. She likes to play bingo. Well Shelly's coming over, we're gonna go together. Ahh, I just wanna look nice. Goodnight Vada. Ahh, maybe next summer. What? I love this guy! Last month you wanted to play the violin. Then you wanted to be a ventriloquist. Any more soda left? That's a lot of money for a little girl. Of course not. They come in all sizes honey, just like shoes. I'm embalming my high school teacher, don't sing. All right Arthur, just a slide of the needle..... VADA! Hand me the canula. Vada, we're trying to work here. Ya, that rack holds six ties. Vada, just put 'em on the stool. O.K. Sweetie, hand me the mayonnaise out of the fridge. Look if you think you know how, why don't you pre-measure the briquettes in little packages, put out a product, support me for a while! That's what I do. Do you wanna do it?? No, she's just driving over here, then we're taking my car. How do I look? Oh, I'm running late. Shelly'll be here any minute. Are you sure about all this? Oh come on. The last date I had was twenty years ago. I'm very nervous. Nothing, I'm dressing.We'd love to hear it. I...I was gonna bring her to class next week. I wanted to hear your poem. Oh Vada, please honey I cared for him too, Vada please! Vada, Vada sweetheart don't..... That's Suzanne. She and I are gonna be married this Fall. Pause as he takes all this in I think your Dad would miss you. Oh, Vada... Come here, sit down over here. Okay, okay we don't have to talk about him, Vada, Vada we don't have to talk about him, it's okay. We won't talk about him all right? Please. Uhhh, va, uhh, Vada. Vada, this is an adult writing class. For this class? It's summer! You're kids! Go play! Me, two hours a week, talking about poetry. This an interrogation Vada? Thirty five dollars. Well I'm gonna teach creative writing this summer, so, I'm doing some work. Well, you never can tell... I might get a pet. Well I just bought it, now I'm fixing it up. No wonder you're my prize pupil. What about you Thomas J? Really? Already? The summer's just begun. Mademoiselle Sultenfuss and the amazing Dr. J! How's the summer treating you?No, no no.... Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry, I told you to use fewer briquettes and now look what you've done. You've cremated them. Like a Sultenfuss. Go get 'em. Oh she's picking you up, good you're on the right track. Did you not tell Vada I'm a womanizer huh? Harry, I'm serious, trust me Harry this woman's lifting us in, you gotta treat her like every Tom Dick and Harry. That's true. Harry Harry sit down, let me fill you in on today's women, since the last time you dated, something happened, &quot;The Sexual Revolution&quot;, now before that, you used to have to hold a door open for a woman, pull her chair out, pick up the check, no more no more, you wanna know what else is missing? BRAS! Why? Oh yes, oh that's great. Oh, you're dressing, uh huh, Harry Harry Harry Harry, don't you know it's not nice to lie to your big brother? Well well well, what's going on in here? Well he wasn't one of the Marx brothers, but he made me laugh. Now when I see him with Shelly, sometimes he seems like the old Harry. After your mother died, he was sad all the time, but before that, he was pretty funny. Yes I do, and I think she's very good for your father. Probably. He likes her.Cause she gets scared of all those dead people in her house, and you know that saying, If you can't beat 'em, join 'em, well if she's one of them, she won't be as scared. No. Cause she's dying. Cool, can I get one for Vada? Hey there's your Dad and Shelly. What are you saving for? Eeeeuuuww, gross. I'm gonna drive us to Liverpool. Wow, this is the coolest thing, like you really eat and sleep here? I'm allergic to it. Well if you don't get to marry Mr. Bixler. Would you think of me? Okay, seeya. Vada? Okay. You better not either. Umm, Ummmmm Okay, okay. But then I won't be able to see anything. Like this? But, I don't know how. No. Like they do on TV? Yes it is, cause then he'll give you all A's and it won't be fair. You can't marry a teacher, it's against the law. Well when you get older, you just have to. Please, it's real hot, maybe we can go swimming? Hi Vada, can you come out? Okay, seeya. You can come to my house for dinner? I have to anyway, my mom will be worried. I'm hungry, I can't last any longer. I do, she's real funny. So now you'll have a mother. They're getting married? Wow, was it a decoder ring? Why are you running away? I'm tired of running away. Besides, we past this place two times already. We're not getting nowhere. Really? I wanna live with them too. Bye Ma. Come on, let's go. Sure. Hi Vada. But I have my clothes on! Hurry!!! Run faster they're after us!! Got it! For their meat. You're right, let's knock it down. Stand back. Pointing There's a beehive right there! Woah!! THIS!! Hey Vada, guess what we got? You know I'm not allowed outside my myself after dark. Can we go yet? Watch bingo? I don't even like to play bingo. They're not gonna let us in Vada, we're kids. I stopped that! I am not. I told you i'll get in trouble. What do you want? My mom will skin me alive if she finds I'm out here. Don't DO that!! That doesn't sound so bad, come on, we'll never find that streamer. But, what if you're afraid to ride horses? Heaven. What do you think it's like? Do you remember her? Who's that with your Dad? Is that your Dad? Hey, where does it say that? What? No, I don't wanna. Hey look at this! Where's your bike? What's wrong with your eyes? Your lip bleeding? Okay, OW! If I do it, can we go? It's a mosquito bite. Naah, I don't wanna. Yeah he got away. Come on let's go. I don't like touching fish, how do you pull the hook out without touching it? I'm trying. Oh no! UUH. I'm gonna be an acrobat when I grow up. She only wants to do it because her sweetie pie's the teacher. She's crazy, she wants to go to school over the summer. It doesn't work, it always stays black. Why? It's not dinner time yet. I don't wanna talk to a teacher, it's summer! At what? Hey look at this, no feet! I can't, I have to go home.