Where is she? Well, I got to see her. Is Rose here?Oh, Mother, not the castor oil. I am in awe of it, Mother. I know, Mother. They're filthy, Mother.Maybe it was eating all those rabbits that made you sexy, Rose. What was your mother like? Well, that doctor said you got protein somewhere and I guess he was right. How did the rabbits kill him? Five hundred rabbits? They're dumb things. I got tired of them. What are you going to do, Rose? Okay. I gotta find out what they're saying. You lie back and rest, Rose, and I'll give you a report on it. You won't die, Rose. Rose, you are just entirely too uncritical of people. Yeah, I'd believe it. Rose, I have got doubts about that doctor and so does Daddy. He did? Rose, you are too uncritical of people. Rose, if you don't keep your boyfriends away from the house, Daddy is going to fire you. Rose, you must know who the fellow is. Yeah. Here comes Daddy. You're going to get yourself up and go out? Rose, they could stick splinters under my fingernails, and I will never say a word! I will never tell them, because... I love you! I said I wouldn't. Good night, Rose. Don't worry, Rose, I won't tell a soul. Rose, are you all right? Are you sick or something? But why, if I'm not hurting you? Am I hurting you? But Rose... I'm thirteen. And I have a natural curiosity. It's only nature, Rose, that's all. Now what's wrong with nature, huh? Yes, I do. Please, Rose, be a good sport. Please, Rose. I'm curious, that's all, I have a natural curiosity, it's only human. You're my friend, aren't you? Don't you like me? I like you, Rose, a lot -- in fact, I love you. Can't I touch it a little, Rose -- not a lot, just a little? Yeah, but satisfaction brought him back. Can I? I'm curious to see what it's like. I'm very curious, Rose. Rose, since you're here in bed with me and everything and I've already touched your titty... Rose, I have a serious favor to ask you. There's an evil streak in everybody, Rose. Well, some fiend might. It was softer'n I thought, that was my main impression. You know, if you hit a girl there it would hurt her a lot. That was very interesting. Thank you, Rose. First I couldn't feel it, but now I feel it easily, it's like a little acorn. Hmmph. It has a nipple, all right. Aw, be a good sport, Rose. You like me, don't you? I like you a lot. Aw, come on, Rose, I want to see what the nipple on it is like. Just for a second. Please, Rose, what's the harm? But I'm curious, Rose. Rose, can't I see what the nipple on it is like? Can I put my hand inside your nightgown, Rose? Actually, I am, though. There's some kind of gristle in it, though. Well, I thought they were more like a cantaloupe. Hmmm, it's soft. It's awful soft. But, Rose, how could such a thing as that happen? But, Rose, what is the cause of it all? You were pretty bad, huh? What'd you do, Rose? What is it, Rose? Well, all right. No, I'm awake. What's the matter? Well, it's only the truth. There are horrible things in the world, Rose. He really did, he ate his little niece. He made pork chops out of her. There was this old man that ate his niece. Hey, Rose, did you hear about that terrible thing down in Cave Springs? Was that what they tried to do? Was that why Daddy gave you the job, to save you from those scoundrels? Did they try to induce you to become a prostitute? In what sense were they bad? But who were they? Rose, who were those scoundrels in Birmingham? Sure. Let me take your suitcase. Lots of things. Buddy, mostly. Oh, Waski, you don't even know what we're talking about. Quiet, you little muddy-eyed brat, or Ill kill you! All right, what do you know? Oh, Waski, you don't know anything. Oh, Waski, you don't even know what we're talking about. I heard you talking. Hasn't Rose come in? Daddy, what's the matter? Well... maybe... Well, I don't know. No, I don't know, Daddy, I think the rain has obscured it. But how would you find him? Well, it's not very plain. I don't know. But you better watch him like a hawk, if he comes back again. Yeah, he's still up there. I don't know. No. Why should Rose be in my room? Well, yeah. Well, a little. I'll be right back. Excuse me, gotta go to bathroom. Heh, what a hypocrite. She's getting herself up to go out. I think she's coming down the hall now. She's getting herself up to go out. Yes, I did, mother. Your hearing aid isn't working right. I said ahhh-dam stuff. I said ahhh-dam stuff. Uhhh, gahdam stuff! Geccch, yehh, guhhhh! Mother, cant you make it calomel instead of castor oil? Mother, I have to tell the truth. I wasn't reading Huckleberry Finn, I was reading one of those Little Dirty Comic Books. In the kitchen drinking all the ice water in Glenville. She walked out here, she didn't go by the hotel. You mean confirmed, Mother. I didn't confirm it before. I would have had to confirm it previously, in order for it to be reconfirmed. She talks a great deal and smiles a lot. She's very pretty, she has a real good figure. She's very girlish or womanish, if you know what I mean. She wouldn't hurt anybody, this girl. She couldn't. The new girl is here. Here comes Daddy. That's the least of her troubles. Rose had a rare tropic disease and the little tubes in her that babies swim down are all stopped up, she told me all about it. Rose says she's goin' to have a baby and she sure looks it, but I don't think so. Sense doesn't mean anything to Rose. But I think we're on safe ground now. Daddy chained up the ladder, whoever it is can't get in the house. Doll, don't ask childish questions. Mother is struggling desperately. In fact she's fighting like a tiger. But I don't know, it's close, it's mighty close. They've been in there the longest kind of time. I can't stand it, I gotta find out what's going on. Dumbness doesn't concern her, Doll. And neither does smartness. You see -- It isn't that she hasn't got any sense, Doll. Her basic intelligence is probably above average, maybe quite a bit above average. So am I. Chattanooga. I had St. Louis, Missouri. Shut up, Doll. I'll cut your guts Wonderful? He kissed her and played with her titty, and I don't see anything so great about that. He was probably afraid Mother would come back early and catch him. You shouldn't watch such things, Doll. She's putting the titty back. Let me look. Aww-rr... Is that all? What are they doing, Doll? What are they doing? Now I can't see. What are they doing? He's trying to get up -- good God, one of her titties is out! This is my place and you can't have it. They're discussing it. At least. Let's go peep from the living room. There goes Mother. Yeah. It's really pitiful. She's in bad shape. No, he doesn't. Not really. It's pitiful. Neither one of them know. Daddy says Rose is calm as lettuce. Do you believe that, Doll? Rose is almost as sentimental as Mother. If there's one thing I can't stand it's sentimentality. In Chattanooga this man committed an almost perfect murder. He killed his wife with a black widow spider.No, she hasn't. I think I hear a car. She's got somebody in there, Brother! His shoes are on the back porch -- there they were, naked and smiling at me! Rose, open this door immediately! Open that door, damn you! And there's only one reason anybody would want this ladder -- to get up into Rose's bedroom in the dark of night! I am going to chain up this ladder and padlock it! -- and that is not all I am going to do! See, son? The paint is flaked off here, freshly. Look at it, Brother, there is no question about it. Some person or persons unknown have very recently tampered with this ladder. True, but if you look sharply you can see that those marks are the marks of a ladder. Now let's go back to the garage and see if the ladder has been tampered with. Well. Well, what I mean is, you could prove it was his shoes if you did catch him. But look this, Brother, it is even more interesting. Look at this mark here, and that mark over there. Now wouldn't you say those marks are the marks of a ladder? That is because it rained recently, the rain has obscured the evidence. But you could still take plaster casts of these footprints, then match up the plaster casts with whosever shoes they are, and that way you could catch him -- understand? See that, son? Now this is a heel, see, and there, that's the ball of a foot. Someone has been walking here. He's not coming back again. We scared the rascal off, son. Come on back to supper. Your mother has a theory about how to educate Rose. What do you think, Brother? What's taking the rascal so long? Is that Doctor still up there, Brother. The girl strikes like a cobra. I never saw anything like it. How did she pick him up so fast? Son, was Rose in your room last night? Reading dirty comic bocks. And you admitted it? You were up late last night, Brother. Now look, boy, get a grip on yourself. Rose had a good life. She found her. Right, didn't she? She triumphed over everything, what are you blubbering about? Nobody lives forever, boy. Who'd want to? It's true, son. The girl with the cornflower eyes is dead, she is no more, I know. You loved her. So did I. It was an awful shock to me, too. An awful shock. Rose was so alive it's hard to believe. She was fifty-six, son. Of course she didn't look it, nowhere near it. The cancer came back, I'm afraid I fibbed about that. But it was very quick, son. She was in the hospital only two weeks, and the last week she didn't know anything. I am afraid so, son. About a week ago. Her husband phoned me, she had asked him to call me if anything happened. No, son, she is dead. I'm older than hell, boy. But this Yankee whisky is mighty fine, I'll say that. Not for long, boy. I've outstayed my welcome already. A wonderful woman, boy. At rest in the creative universe with Mother, son. Yes, I guess he did. He threw her away and it was the mistake of his life. Yeah, I know, he was up here. It's pitiful like you say. When he lost Rose it ruined the man, it destroyed him totally when he lost Rose. Um-hmm, and I suppose that incensed you? No, it's another thing. I was going to write you about it, but since you were coming down anyway I thought I'd wait till you got here. What did Dave Wilkie have to say? Oh, no, no, she got all over that. Rose is fine. Let's sit down, son. Oh, I heard from her, I got a letter from her, she's fine. But there is some sad news. How could that be, son? Got another twenty years in it, boy. By the way, son, do you recall Rose, that pretty blonde girl who came to our house way back in 1935 or 1936 and caused such a damnable commotion. Are they polar bears, too? Your wife and children are back in New Hampshire in the snow? It's Yankee whisky to me. About as good as can be expected with one foot in the grave. Good to see you, son. Did you bring any of that Yankee whisky with you? Well, you rascal, where'd you come from? Yes, we know her. Of course. Please do. I am ahead of you. Go on, Doctor. Go ahead, Doctor, I think I am following you. Well, if it isn't malignant and she can get through the operation all right, it might be better than her really being pregnant. She doesn't even know who the father might have been. Well, it's a disaster. I don't know what to say, Doctor, I am floored. How dangerous is the operation? That's all I want to know. Lets get out of here before I get the epizootics myself. Thank you, Doctor, for your discourse, it was fascinating, no doubt. Honey, he is Mr. Right. Well, thank God we are rid of her at last. And the best thing of all is that she's happy. The little nut is happy, she found Mr. Right in the nick of time! You know Dave, his wife used to do dressmaking for you before she died. Why, that looks like Dave Wilkie, I'm afraid it's my fault. I made her feel guilty this morning -- Brother, what are you doing up? It's twenty after one. Fine. Well, I know, more so. That's why I was thinking... maybe she'd be better off. Well, I... I hadn't thought about it that much. I was thinking... well, it's an idea, the girl is oversexed, and... Well, now, darlin'... give me a chance to defend myself. Reluctantly, I do. It would be a blessing to her and everyone else. The girl is oversexed and I say -- spay her! Honey, that's no way to talk to the Doctor, he's merely doing his job, dear. I am poleaxed and in a non compos mentis condition. I wash my hands or the whole thing. She doesn't have to take her panties off, we can see her stomach with 'em on. All she has to do is pull up her dress and let us see her belly. I forgot that Rose will lie like a child. She's no more pregnant than I am, she just doesn't want to go to that farm! Ah, ha! Hold the phone! No forwarding address, huh? In the shock of this brilliant move, I forgot something. She already told you, she doesn't know. You're not going to get anywhere with that line of questioning. The problem is, what are we going to do? This is a total catastrastroke. As of this moment I am stumped, I admit, I am stumped and treed both, the hound dogs have me surrounded. Trickery and flummery or not, she's going there tomorrow on the bus! It's settled! And I must say we've been more than fair to you, Rose, it's pretty selfish and mean hearted of you to sit there and cry like that! I don't give a hoot in hell's hollow what it means to her! She can't stay in this house forever! I fired her, damn it! Just a minute, Rose, you don't understand. This isn't a dirt farm like the one you were born on, it's nice. A neighbor of Cousin Hop's, I talked to him on the phone, a fine man... it's not a farm, damn it, it's a beautiful dairy establishment! Stop crying, Rose! Do you hear me? Stop crying, it's ideal! Something has got to be done or Rose is going to be in this house forever. Her plan is obvious, plain as day. She's going on a hunger strike. The question is, how do we foil her? No, she doesn't, she's fine, fine. She's perfectly healthy, don't give her ideas. The hell we can't. It has been three weeks since I "fired" her. Is there no way to get rid of this girl? Are we stuck with her for life? Just a moment, dear. We can't have it, Rose. Can you behave yourself -- or not? That is the question, to behave or not to behave, to suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous chastity and keep your skirt down or to hoist it in the light of the moon and make whoopee -- that is the coil shuffling question. If you can't behave I am going to fire you and I say it in front of you and Mrs. Hillyer and I mean it. I point my rigid finger right at your nose, Rose, and I stare unwaveringly into your big blue eyes and I tell you... this is a final warning. Do you hear me? Um-hmm. Come with me, Brother. I want to show you something. I don't care where the polecat studied. Rosebud looked pretty pitiful in that bed. I hope she'll be all right, but I still think we ought to fire her. He's a polecat, dear. I can't stand that polecat. They ought to hang him. Excuse me, sir, are you calling my wife a liar? Darlin', Rose has got to go! They follow her because she's a -- -- no, I won't say that. Well, I have a pretty good idea. Now look, darlin', this is no time to go off into the fourth dimension. That is exactly what I'm afraid of. The girl has got to go, darlin'. It's because of the children she's got to go. I don't want to be holier-than-thou, but the girl doesn't have the same outlook we do. Morals don't mean a thing to her, not a thing, and we can't have a girl like that in this house. I'm sorry, darlin', I hate it as much as you do. I said I don't intend to fire her. I just want to ask her to keep her boy friends away from my home and hearth, that's all. I don't intend to fire her, darlin'. Now you listen to me, Rose -- I don't intend to mock you, dear. I respect your philosophy. It's beyond my comprehension, but I respect it. Now darlin', what has the South got to do with this? Boys? You say to me boys? -- I am not responsible for her epizootics and I did not bring about her epizootics. Now listen to me. When I have to get up in the middle of the night and defend my home with a shotgun against a couple of damned scoundrels fistfighting in the bushes -- Darlin', it is not my fault if the girl has epizootics -- I am not being brutal to her! Oh, shut up, Rose. Shut your mouth and quit crying! Rose, I realize you don't know this boy, but if you know anybody who does know him, if you have even a faint clue as to who he might be, then convey to him that he had better stay away from my house and stop scaring my wife... and I don't mean maybe. Rose, my patience is wearing thin. First a scruffy man who runs like a deer and now a sulky boy who wont go away. This is getting to be a regular monkey and dog show. Yes, darlin', time will tell. Forgive my crudity, darlin'. All I'm saying is that a girl who would wear clothes like that is going to get in trouble sooner or later. No reason at all, darlin'. I don't see any bruises or broken bones. Quarter of twelve. Well, she's back. Yes, of course. You are the one who's good-hearted. As for Rose, let's hope for the best. Well, she loves children, all right. She loves everybody. That farmer in Gadsden was awful eager to get rid of her, and I'm beginning to see why. She will succeed. The girl worries me. If she walks down the street like that, an army will be following her. Just half-a-cup of coffee. I never eat, darlin', you know that. Not eating and reverse insomnia are my curses. Let's go, Rose, you and Brother, let's hit the road. Who doesn't have such thoughts? We'd better get going. They'll put her in jail. The damn little fool might as well be naked. I'll take him with me downtown. And you, too, Rose, if you want a ride. Lay off of that stuff, son. It upsets your mother. Um-hmm. Well, that is the damndest outfit I ever saw in my life. You walk down the street like that and they'll put you in jail, Rose. No, darlin'. Just that damnable insomnia in reverse. I sleep like a baby for an hour then I'm wide awake. You go back to sleep. All right, darlin'. I'll drive you, darlin'. You've got no business behind the wheel of an automobile. You don't think about what you're doing and you'll run into a telephone pole. You're a wonderful woman, darlin'. As long as you're around, I'm sure the sun wouldn't dare go out. Forgive my crudity, darlin'. I don't understand these deeper things the way you do. All right, darlin', don't go off into the fourth dimension. I love Rosebud, I am wild about Rosebud. I just hope she doesn't turn out to be a hidden hotcha character, that's all. We have growing children in the house. Well, let's hope for the best, darlin'. Well, she must have done something to encourage those scoundrels in Birmingham, even if she did run away from them. Well, I'll admit I don't see any flies on her yet. Um-hmm. Almost too perfect. I asked you what you think of Rosebud, now that she's been here a while. Your hearing aid, it's buzzing at me like a snake. Turn up your hearing aid. What do you think of her, honey? How goes it, darlin'? Good morning, sweetheart. Beautiful day. Well, well, well. So Miss Rosebud has arrived. Un-hmm. And you're all assembled here. Yes, indeed. Un hmmm. Nothing, Rose. Rose... I hate to be mean, but... Oh, nevermind, forget it. Well, we know you were there. The bill that hospital sent was absolutely horrendous. You're looking very chipper this morning, Rose. Sow do you feel? All right, damn it. We've seen you with your clothes off around here, stand up and pull up your dress and let's take a look! I don't believe it. All right, tell us, Rose, what makes you think you're pregnant? No, you're not. Good God almighty. This is a catastrophe, they won't hire her. Your baby? What baby? What baby? What baby are you speaking about? What? No, no, not exactly. It isn't a farm in the sense that it's a farm. Not at all. It's a... dairy establishment. You'll 1ike it! I'm sure you'll like it because it's so... peaceful! Ahh-hh, you'll like it. It's a fine, outdoor-type job. Yes, Tennessee, a lovely state! Well, I have got news! I called long distance and spoke to Cousin Hop and you'll be glad to know, Rose, I have found you a job! God forbid. You're not sick, Rose, forget it. Don't get any notions in your head, you're not sick. Mmm. Would you get me another half a-cup of coffee, dear? Well, Rose, going out to look for a job today? Rose, darlin', you break my heart. But I am only a human man myself of the father variety. Rose, pack your bag, baby, as of this moment you are hired, mired and fired. Ye gods and little fishes, a fireman. Put on some clothes, Rose, you're naked as a jay bird. When you're dressed, come on downstairs. I'm afraid your friend Billy is injured, where are his clothes? Well, it was a silly question. And what, may I ask, was Billy doing here? And who, Rose, may I ask, is that? Where is he? Where have you got him hid? Ah, ha! I mean a human investment, Rose, we care about you, you matter to us. But we have innocent and unformed children in this house and the monkey and dog show has got to stop. Do you hear me? I will see you at suppertime, Rose. I have to go back to the hotel. I'm on duty at the desk and who knows a quest might arrive. I will see you at suppertime, Rose. That's all you've got to say, you've got a bad cold? Umm. Well. Yes. But no more strange voices in the night, Rose. Well, I know it, I just got the bill for it. Good morning, Rose. And how do you feel today? All right, thanks to her, and thanks to this case of epizootics, you are getting another chance. But don't try my patience again. We have growing children in this house. Do you understand me? Darlin', I'll take a taxi to the hotel. You and Brother can handle the girl's epizootics. I'll just say one more thing. Rose, I told you you had a friend in Mrs. Hillyer, didn't I, that she would fight for you like a tiger? Oh, shut up, Rose, eat your cornflakes! Now Rose, stop behaving as if you're Bo Peep. Those men had a flight last night because of some female in this house, and it wasn't Dolly or Mrs. Hillyer. Strange voices, Rose? Well, Rose, my sleep was a little disturbed last night, and so was Mrs. Hillyer's, and so was the children's. How about you? Was your sleep disturbed, too? Is this ill right? You don't know where you're going? Where do you want me to let you out, Rose? You were up late last night, too, Rose. What have you got in your hair, girl? How can the buttons stand the pressure? That's a pretty stylish skirt, Rose. The only thing I don't understand is how did you ever get it on. Um-hmmuhh. I never drink a whole cup, my nerves can't stand the caffeine. Ehh-hh, Lord awful insomnia in reverse last night. Lay there and sweated blood for hours. If you've got time before you go "out," get me a half-a-cup of coffee, Rose. Not a whole cup, a half-a-cup. Got yourself up? Well, good night. Is anything wrong? Rose, what are you doing up? Do you know what a friend you have got there? Do you know she would fight for you like a tiger, that she would fly to your defense in an instant with all the courage in her soul if anyone tried to hurt you? Is this any way to repay her trust and love? Are you ashamed as I am ashamed? Don't cry, honey, don't cry. But let me warn you, damn your hide, this is Thermopylae and I am standing here. Do you hear me, damn you. I am standing at Thermopylae and the Persians shall not pass! Now get your tail out of here and go wash those dishes, and stop crying! Rose, Rose, Rose, you poor miserable little child, don't you know I love you? Do I have to put my hand on your body or kiss your pretty lips to prove it? You are beautiful to me, Rose, I've loved you since you first came here, darlin'. And don't you know Mrs. Hillyer loves you, too, that she's already taken you into her heart, and that that woman's heart is as wide as the blue sky itself and as deep as the stars? Goddamn you, girl! You've made me make a fool out of myself, damn your hide, but let me tell you I am standing at the pass of Thermopylae and I won't budge! The very idea, my own home with children in the house, to say nothing of my wife -- oh-h, you had better believe I am standing at Thermopylae, you little nut, you had better believe it! What are you, crazy? A man is supposed to be a fool like this, but a woman is supposed to have some control and sense! Are you a nitwit? What's the matter with you? Calm down, Rose, let's calm down and discuss it ... All right, all right. Now calm down, Rose, the children will hear you. Calm down, let's talk... about this thing, let's discuss it. Why, I'm not going to kiss you, you crazy girl. Now I'm telling you again, get off my lap. Come on, Rose, get up. Now you get up, I say, and stop this! Ahh-hem! Now, Rose, get off my lap. What are you doing, girl? Are you crazy? Rosebird Baby, you are the light of my life, darlin'. How did we ever get by without you? Rosebaby Blossom, these are the most delicious candied yams I ever ate! Why, they just melt in my mouth. And this fried chicken is fit for a king. How do you do it, Peachbird? What is the secret of your art, Plum Blossom, huh? All right. Now as head of this household I have a couple of remarks to make. It is my dear wife's belief, which I accept although I do not totally grasp it, that to hire a person to do household work is a criminal practice. Therefore, you are here not as a servant, you are here as a friend, as a guest and hopefully as a member of this family. You will eat your meals with us, you will share life itself with us -- in love and harmony, dear Rosebud, in love and harmony. Do you understand me?Oh, to hell with it, never mind. Don't tell her anything. Don't even tell her you saw me. Got to run, Buddy, I'll miss my plane. You might see her. She writes your Daddy, and she and that doctor came to see him, didn't they? I wish you'd tell her something... I never could write letters. Ah-h, if you happen to run into Rose sometime... do me a favor, give her a message for me, will you? Well, got to get a plane to Savannah. Great running into you, Buddy. Give my best to your Daddy. She used to call me Mr. Right. Remember that, Buddy? You loved her, didn't you. Well, so did I. You'll have to admit she had four husbands. I don't want to start no fight with you, Buddy. Why do you say I'm full of shit? She didn't marry him, though, later she married another guy and went to Winston-Salem. It didn't last That girl couldn't have no lastin' marriage, she left him and married another dumb sucker and went out west. Little bitch left him, too, and you know what she's married to right now? A kike. That's right, some kind of kike horse doctor named Schapiro out in Seattle, who's got the nerve to have the same first name I got. Wouldn't you know it, Rose would wind up married to a goddamn kike? She was always out of her friggin' head and I'll tell you why. Buddy, she was sick in her mind and between her legs, too. She was a nymphomaniac. She's te reason -- cured me of women once and for all. Oh, I got rid of her, Buddy, I didn't waste no time kickin' that bitch out. Hell, she was screwin' everybody in Savannah. I caught her in a motel with this long tall son of a bitch and boy did I beat the everlastin' piss out of him! Doubted my ability all along, the little bitch. I never remarried, Buddy, you know that, don't you? That's correct -- outside it, not in it. As for the job, well, the Jewboy suppliers give me a lot of grief and we use a pile of niggers to haul and tote and they ain't worth a sorry-ass damn. But I can build anything, Buddy. Give me the plans and I can build a goddamn staircase to the moon. It's a fact, I can build anything... ... but she never believed that. Oh, hell, no, she never believed in me. Near Alexandria. It isn't in Alexandria, it is outside it. Took your time gettin' here. Hey, girl! Hey, you, give us another drink! Dumb little bitch, supposed to give us two in the first place. Heh heh heh heh, same old Buddy, always jokin' around. Almost as much of a joker as your Daddy. I saw your Daddy a coupla years ago, I was up in Glenville lookin' at a motel site. I guess that's where you're headed, huh, to see him? I don't mean that the way it sounds. Imagine it, a book. And I used to know you personal way back when. Tell me something, Buddy, how do you dream up all that stuff? How about that. Well, you always were a screwball. Galley what? Ha ha, course you make a lot more. What's that you got there, Buddy? Oh, it's all right, beats Jew York. But the niggers have took it over, just like every other city we got, only worse. Well, I am in the construction business, Buddy, and without braggin' I have done real good at it. There are those who wouldn't have expected that out of me. Right now I'm buildin' a giant motel unit near Alexandria, outside Washington, D.C. Not fi-nance, I'm on the construction side. It's Dave Wilkie! I'm Dave Wilkie, don't you remember me? Awww-rr, Buddy, come on, you know me!I think we both know her. I have of course observed the girl in treating her. Then... may I speak quite frankly with you, Mr. Hillyer? First, about the girl's history. Evidently she's been very promiscuous since early childhood, she has no control over her sexual impulses. Furthermore, she is permanently barren, she can't have children. Oh, it's definitely better, beyond question. A fatherless child, an ignorant girl with no job, no money, no home. It's fortunate, a blessing really, and a stroke of good luck for another reason I want to mention to you. Any major operation is dangerous. However, as we know from her previous illness, she's a very strong girl. The point is you don't grow up like that on a diet of sorghum and hominy grits. She got protein somewhere, she's a very strong girl and I think she'll live... despite the delay in medical treatment. Actually of course I won't operate, I don't do major surgery. Dr. Hardy will operate and of course he'll be guided by your wishes in this respect. Yes, I understand you, but you have misunderstood me completely. Illusions, Madam? Mrs. Hillyer, this girl is sick in more ways than one. She is an extreme psychoneurotic with uncontrollable sexual impulses. It would be a mercy to spare her the suffering she causes herself and others. Therefore I recommend as a therapeutic measure the removal of her second ovary. It is ethically and medically the only proper decision in this case and I suspect your husband agrees with me. I am thinking particularly of the other ovary. As a rule I don't believe in removing it. The woman's hormonal system is profoundly disturbed, she is subject to possibly serious depression, she loses many of her secondary sexual characteristics for example, her breasts might shrink and become flabby, facial hair might appear along with a coarsening of the features, and of course her sexual drive is greatly diminished, especially in a girl or young woman. For these reasons I am opposed to removing the other ovary, as a rule. Do you follow me? I'm sorry the truth nauseates you, Mrs. Hillyer, because before you leave there's a bit more of it I'd like to put to you. This operation provides a therapeutic opportunity that I feel is quite important in regard to this particular girl, who suffers not only from an ovarian cyst but from a certain psychoneurotic condition as well. She's an adult, Mrs. Hillyer, I was merely giving her the facts. We make our own lives, Madam. As for malignancy, I don't think so, it's very unlikely. I probably shouldn't have even mentioned that possibility to her. Don't worry, Madam, she can't infect your dear little kiddies. She long ago fully recovered, but the disease did irreparable damage. The girl is permanently barren. I'm not surprised you thought she was pregnant. An ovarian cyst can look very much like pregnancy. But it was pure wishful thinking on her part. The girl can never have children, she had gonorrhea at fifteen and it was untreated. Let me be the judge of that, Madam. I beg your pardon, epi-zoo-tics? Do you mean "epi-zoo-ot-tics," an animal epidemic? It's simply that I find it incredible, Mr. Hillyer. Aside from the girl's illness at the moment, she is very strong, a very healthy specimen of a young human female -- and a comely one, too. She must have gotten protein somewhere as a young child, if only sporadically. Exactly, and that's why she couldn't possibly have come from such a farm. A tenant farm? Are you trying to tell me that girl is a product of the hookworm and pellagra belt? Afraid of the hospital? Of course she does and I must say I'm puzzled by your delay in getting her to the hospital. I should think ordinary powers of observation would have suggested to you that she was seriously ill. Well, Mrs. Hillyer, the girl is strong as an ox and that is what is keeping her alive. But not many people walk away from double pneumonia, Madam, not many.I think you're right, it would be harder on her. But you'd better call Mr. Hillyer, she's going to need help to get home. Yes, and it's very bad. It probably should be done at the hospital under general anesthesia. Well, she has one mouth in ten thousand, I don't see teeth like that once in ten years. Her trouble is an impacted wisdom tooth, but there isn't a cavity in her head, not a single one. She has perfect teeth. Well, she finally let me look in her mouth. Is it true she's never been to a dentist?Of course not! He did lie, and... and... and Mother, yesterday he stole money out of your pocketbook! Rose is madly in love with Daddy... I do, too! Yeah, I know. I do, too. Neither do I. Mother... is Rose going to die? Oh, Mother, cut it out. You can stop it right now.I'm not blubbering. That's a hell of a thing to say. Why, Rose? Why Rose? Why Rose, Daddy? I can't believe it, Daddy. I know it must be true, but I can't believe it. Well, you have knocked me for a hell of a loop, old man. A hell of a loop. Excuse me, I'll be right back. But... but how? She was young! Rose wasn't old! Dead, Rose is dead? You mean... she died? All right, Daddy. We have our drink, we're out on the patio, you have prepared me for it. Rose's cancer has come back, hasn't it? It's funny you would mention Rose, I was thinking about her all the way up in the car. Or maybe it isn't so funny. It always gives me a funny feeling to come home. Dear old Southland. Gone. It's all gone, Daddy -- -- except you, you're still here. That's what she would say herself. You know, I don't know this town any more. All this traffic, new buildings, prosperity... Where have the years gone, Daddy? Where is the little town I knew as a boy? He didn't lose her, he threw her away. You're damn right it incensed me, the miserable bastard. He also said the kikes and the niggers have taken over Washington. D.C. The pitiful son of a bitch said Rose was a nymphomaniac. Is her husband sick or something? What sad news? Did her cancer come back? What's all this about Rose? What do you mean, you heard from her in a manner of speaking? Dave Wilkie of all people was sitting by me on the plane -- her first husband. It's funny you would mention Rose. Did you hear from her? Of course I recall Rose. In fact I've been thinking of no one else for the last hour and a half. Good God, the way you live here. This place hasn't been dusted since Mother died. Look at that goddamned refrigerator. Yeah, they're in the snow. I can use a drink after the plane ride I had. It isn't Yankee whisky, Daddy, it's Scotch. Hello, Daddy. How are you? What do you want me to tell her, Dave? Dave, I haven't seen Rose for years. Yeah, I'll do that, Dave. Yeah, I remember it. Yeah, it took her a while to grow up and find Mr. Right, but she did it. She found him. Dave Schapiro is no horse doctor and Rose has been a good wife to him for a long time. To call her a nymphomaniac is the most stupid thing I ever heard in my life. Dave, you are as full of shit as a Christmas turkey and you know it. Now if you want to start a fight on this plane and get yourself in jail, go right ahead. But I am telling you, you are full of shit right up to your eyeballs. Well, no, I didn't actually. Um-m, well... I see. Outside it. Tell me about that job in Alexandria, Dave, the big motel you're building. She has other things to do, Dave. That's right, Dave, I'm headed for Glenville on a whisperin' jet. Well, actually, we have a little black boy named Her---t who lives in the garage. He does it for me. Oh, yeah? Page proof of a book I'm working on. Galley proof. Well, that's interesting, Dave. I always liked Washington, it's a pretty town. Oh. Oh, God. Of course, Dave, how are you? Well, I... I... ah-h, let's see... Excuse me... your voice is familiar and I'm sure I know you from somewhere...