The longer we wait, the less accessible the hostages will be, Mr. President. Mr. President we cannot allow Federation citizens to be abducted. Mr. President.That's the question - Pity they're retiring us just as I was starting to understand you, Spock... Thank you, nurse. Jim, she's ready! Lock and load! Spock, that was actually funny. Bet you wish you'd stood in bed... Fascinating... I'm going to perform surgery on a torpedo - you never know... I believe the operation is over. I'm going too. They may need a doctor. And the good news is they're not going to prosecute. ABSOLUTELY NOT! Damned clever if you ask me... ARE YOU CRAZY? If they're even looking for us... That cunning little Vulcan... Jim, leave me - I'm finished... What kind of creature is this? Last night you two were spooning - More than ever. What is it with you, anyway? Well, if you've got any bright ideas, now's the time to - Well, don't be too hard on yourself - we all felt exactly the same - Specifically of...? Are we playing multiple choice? That was the general idea I intended to convey. - Kobayashi Maru ... Speak for yourself. One day... one night... Three months till retirement. What a way to finish. Suppose HE'S holding a grudge? Figures. What's the Brotherhood of Aliens? Chancellor Gorkon, can you hear me? Chancellor...? Jim, I don't even know his anatomy. Sweet Jesus...! He's lost a lot of whatever this stuff is... What the Hell's going on? Uh, Jim... They don't arrest people for having feelings. Too bad we can't SMELL her. This is fun... Now there's a poser. Starfleet's killed an awful lot of natural phenomena in the name of "exploration"... And perhaps with a large step or two. Like a peace treaty. I tried to save him! I was desperate to save him! He was the last best hope in the universe for real peace. I was nervous - I didn't have the knowledge of Klingon anatomy I needed. Barely. Retire. For 27 years I have been Ship's Surgeon and later Chief Medical Officer aboard the USS Enterprise. In three months I'm due to stand down. Aside from a touch of arthritis, I'd say pretty good. Then let me help! Are you carrying a surgeon? I don't wonder. Stop me if I'm wrong but do we really have any way of knowing if this is the real you? That's a comfort... What are you in for, if you don't mind me asking? I don't believe we can get more out of the way than this.The Chancellor herself will testify that the defendant's hands shook. You were incompetent! - whether deliberately or as a result of age combined with drink this court will determine. You say you are due for retirement. May I ask: do your hands shake? Have you saved patients as "barely" alive as he was? Was Chancellor Gorkon alive when you first examined him? Ah. I believe you also consumed Romulan ale at the officers' mess on the night of question, Doctor? Stand...? Doctor McCoy, what is your current medical status? We were until your torpedoes! Your honors, the State rests. So if it should prove members of your crew did in fact carry out such an assassination - ? Captain Kirk, are you aware that under Federation law, the Captain of a Starship is considered responsible for the actions of his men? You deny that your men beamed aboard KRONOS One and shot the Chancellor? You deny Enterprise fired on KRONOS One? And you were obeying or disobeying orders the night you arranged the assassination of Chancellor Gorkon? For insubordination. You were demoted... Louder, please. We cannot hear you. Spoken by you? Are those your words? That, either as an instrument of Federation policy or acting on your own drunken initiative, you and your fellow conspirators crippled KRONOS One and cold-bloodedly assassinated the Chancellor of the High Council. Then you and Doctor McCoy went aboard to make certain the job was complete. And now we come to the architect of this tragic affair, Captain James Tiberius Kirk. I put it to you, Captain, that you were seeking revenge for the death of your son. And what did they tell you? Did you have occasion to refer to your ship's data banks during that night? And you still maintain your ship did not fire on Kronos One? Would you have known if she had? Come now, Captain. The record clearly there were no other ships in the sector. Isn't it a fact that you served Romulan ale, a beverage illegal in the Federation because of its overwhelming potency? Take them away. Under article 184 of Interstellar Law, I place you both under arrest. You are charged with assassinating the Chancellor of the High Council. How can I trust -- You crippled our gravitational field with a direst torpedo hit, and two Starfleet crewmen beamed aboard in magnetic boots and did this! WE HAVE WITNESSES! You feign ignorance? "To be or not to be, that is the question" which preoccupies our people, Captain Kirk. We need BREATHING room... Very much. I've always wanted to meet you, Captain.If they did we'd all have to turn ourselves in. How CAN we rely on them? In space, no one can hear you sweat. Captain, shall we attempt to return fire? Captain, when we get to Camp Khitomer, how will we defend ourselves? I mean, if this new Bird of Prey can fire while she is invisible...? We're explorers not diplomats! Perhaps with a few small steps at a time. Like this one. Course heading, Captain? Aye, sir; thrusters... Aye, sir; thrusters... Shields up. Battle stations. But if she's cloaked... Where IS the conference? From Starfleet? Get close enough to a man and you can kill him on "Stun" without setting off the alarm - of course you can't get rid of the body... Captain, if they fire at us with our shields down -- Torpedo room--? Just the size of my head - Captain, you're not going to show them the bridge?? Where is Mr. Sulu? She programmed the torpedo hits? Mr. Spock, Rura Penthe's deep in Klingon territory. If we're discovered... ALL uniforms? Now we go to Starfleet? They must have walked through it when it was floating and tracked it back here. What ARE we searching for, Mr. Spock? Shields up, Captain --?To be - Time we got underway ourselves, gentlemen. Once again, we've saved civilization as we know it. Come on... Killed trying to escape - it's a classic... She didn't need our help getting anywhere... where did she get these convenient clothes? And don't tell me that flare is standard prison issue... Spock's looking for us... Once we're beyond the shield they should be able to pick it up two sectors away. It's the viridium patch Spock slapped on my back right before we went aboard Gorkon's ship. No way. You see this? Don't remind me. Still think we're finished? Uh uh. Somebody felt much worse. And I'm starting to understand why. No more neutral zone. I was USED to hating Klingons... that's why I failed in our assignment. It never even occurred to me to take Gorkon at his word. Spock was right. Some people ARE afraid of the future; of what MIGHT happen; I was frightened, really frightened. I didn't mean this future. Bones, are you afraid of the future? We're not finished. Bones, why don't you see what you can do? Let them know we're not holding a grudge. We've been set up all along. Thanks... No! Can you - ? I wish I knew. Uhura? You heard the order, Lieutenant. As Captain I am responsible for the conduct of the crew under my command. I am. I cannot confirm or deny actions which I did not witness. Well, I - I have on occasion disobeyed orders. Yes. Those words WERE spoken by me. Yes... Yes. That isn't true...! That we fired two photon torpedoes. But - I checked the data banks, yes. There... were no other ships in the sector. The drink WAS served... What? He just tried to save him! He's a DOCTOR! WHAT HAPPENED? My God, what happened here? I beg your pardon? Would you care to go topside? I'm not sure how to take that. Second star to the right - and straight on till morning... Mr. Chekov, slow down. Take us forward, thrusters only, one quarter impulse power. Mr. Chekov, take us forward, thrusters only, one half impulse power... Shields. Battle stations. Then all we've got is a neutron radiation surge - and by the time we're close enough to record it, we're ashes... She's here - somewhere. She's only a cog in the wheel - no way she knows that. Who else? First rule of assassination: always kill the assassins. Torpedo bay! DID we fire those torpedoes? Uhura, monitor! I know what you mean... Full diplomatic courtesy, Mr. Chekov... Captain Sulu... on assignment... anyone seen Spock? We must do this again soon. Starfleet's been charting and cataloging planetary atmospheres. All vessels are equipped with chemical analytic sensors... Chancellor, may I present Commander Spock, whom I believe you know, Dr. Leonard McCoy, chief medical officer, Montgomery Scott, chief engineer... We'll make arrangements to have you beamed aboard at 1930 hours. Uh, would you and your party care to dine this evening aboard Enterprise with my officers as guests of the United Federation of Planets? Chancellor. We've been ordered to escort you through Federation space to your meeting place on Earth. Not me, idiot - HIM! What took you so long? Isn't it about time you became something else? Your friends are late... An accident wasn't good enough... I've heard of chameloids - "Shapeshifters" - I thought you were mythical. Candidate for what? Possibly. Where do we come in? Except us. There's gotta be a way out of this place... Anything else you want to tell me? How much time's left of your sentence? We didn't kill Gorkon. How did you know...? Fraid not. It wouldn't fit him, anyway. He's got it. WHO ELSE...? Stand DOWN, Mr. Scott. All stop. That's an order. Stand down your weapons. Energize... You hear that? Starfleet will be around long enough for me to convene a Court Martial on this ship, Lieutenant. Win, lose or draw it will be on your record. Who is "US?" Uhura, signal our surrender. Mr. Chekov, anything unusual? Saavik, you know anything about a neutron energy surge? I hope you're happy. Uhura, hailing frequencies. Right standard rudder, bring us alongside... Only don't try putting words in my mouth. You piloted well out of spacedock, Lieutenant - Right - Come on, Saavik, you COULD knock - I'm still in the chair, Lieutenant. Plot a course for Kronos, Lieutenant. Thank you. Lieutenant, one quarter impulse power... As you were. Lieutenant...? Thank you, Captain Sulu. When does this conference start? I'm telling you. Hang on. How many of those things are there? Come on, Lieutenant, you're charged with murder... I'm afraid we may need more than that. There's a Bird of Prey on the lookout for us. And she can fire while she's cloaked. Bless you, Sulu. Where's the peace conference? They're going to attempt another assassination. You understand that by even talking to us, you're violating regulations, Captain. Sulu! The only way to find out if a man's trustworthy... Gorkon thought the undiscovered country might mean something else - another kin of life. People can be very frightened of change. I know I was. But we haven't run out of history just yet. Your father quoted Hamlet: he called the future - "the undiscovered country"... What's she waiting for? Make ourselves a target? Close enough to beam down? Spock, you want to know something? Not for the actions of another. No one is responsible for any actions but his own. Human beings - Someone said the difference between comic and cosmic is the letter "S." You haven't outlived your usefulness - to me. And you are not responsible just because she is also Vulcan - Gorkon had to die before I understood how prejudiced I was... You couldn't have known she was listening the night I dictated that entry into my log. You were proud of her achievements as a Vulcan. I was blind. I couldn't see past the death of my son. I couldn't trust. The night is young. Anyway, it was logical. You know, you're a great one for logic. I'm a great one for rushing in where angels fear to tread. We're both extremists. Reality is probably somewhere in between us. Are you dining on worms? Why would they give them to us? What peace conference? So, that's it.. He was just about to explain the whole damn - I'M going. You are going to be responsible for getting me out of this. Meantime we're not going to be the instigators of a full-scale war on the eve of universal peace. We HAVEN'T fired - What the - From Enterprise? Where? Spock, I'm really tired... What is it? I'm going to sleep it off. Let me know if there's some other way we can screw up tonight. Far be it for me to dispute my first officer. Starfleet has always - Never been this close. Congratulations, Lieutenant. That must make you very proud... LET THEM DIE. DON'T TRUST THEM. DON'T BELIEVE THEM - I know your father's the Vulcan Ambassador for heaven's sake, but you know how I feel about this: they're animals. How could you vouch for me? That's... ... arrogant presumption - WE volunteered? You have personally - Me? Not from a distance. She won't show up on ANY type of scan. Uhura? Who else? I'm going aboard. Spock, you have the conn. WE SURRENDER. This is the Starship Enterprise, Captain James Kirk commanding. Control, this is Enterprise requesting permission to depart.Kill him! He's the one!! I like it here... They'll be here... Good enough for one - two would look suspicious... killed while attempting escape... now that's convincing for both. Give a girl a chance, Captain.No, sir. Sir? Apparently they're refusing to acknowledge signal to return to spacedock, sir. Sorry to wake you, sir, but Starfleet urgently requests any data we may have on the whereabouts of Enterprise.I'll bear it in mind, Admiral. I think that's all. I'd prefer not to be the President to push the button if I can avoid it. At present I'm awaiting a full report from Enterprise. Pending that I am constrained to observe Interstellar Law. Admiral Donald...Bill...What's left of it. ... I cannot confirm the existence of Praxis. I have confirmed the location, sir, but... Negative. The subspace shockwave originated at bearing three-two- three, mark seven-five, the location is... Praxis. A Klingon moon. Barren of indigenous life forms but - I have an energy wave from 240 degrees mark six port -- Fifty-four planets - and their gaseous atmospheric anomalies. Our sensing and analytic equipment worked well.This is incredible - Aye, sir. Captain, if -- Maybe if their particles just got a wee bit mixed... Aye, aye, sir. - could take weeks, sir. They you're talking about a dreadful new engine of destruction, Mr. Spock. A Bird of Prey canna fire when she's cloaked! If another ship had been beneath us the Klingons would've seen her! Not from us! They dinna fire on themselves. And there were no other ships present. Twenty-four hours from now we won't have a clue where the Captain is. They don't place the same value on life that we do, Spock - you know that... take my word: she didn't shed one bloody tear... And if they're still in place? That could take hours! You can check the torpedoes visually, if you like - A computer canna lie, sir. It's as I said, Mr. Spock: Inventory still registers every torpedo. NO WAY! At least we must keep track of where they are taken, sir. I -Or not to be - We WERE beginning to hit our stride together, doctor... Calm yourself, doctor, the operation is almost complete... We DO sleep lying down. Vulcans sleep lying down... You may need assistance, doctor... The charge is murder. Good luck, Captain. You must have cursed yourself, for having programmed our data banks, Lieutenant. Only they revealed something wrong aboard Enterprise. Quite right, Mr. Chekov. What is now required is a feat of linguistic legerdemain - and a degree of intrepidity. Before the Captain and Doctor McCoy freeze to death. Now we expand our search to include uniforms. This is the first evidence that corroborates our theory. Klingon blood. You tell them, Lieutenant. You're forgetting something. the data banks say WE fired. If we did, the killers are here; if we didn't, whoever altered the data banks is here. Either way, what we're searching for is here... They're preparing to fire. ... is to trust him. I always assumed Hamlet meant death. Probably trying to figure out why we're reversing, wondering if we detect her. Captain, perhaps we're going about this the wrong way; our job is to get to the conference; HER job will be to stop us. Not yet... Section 4236... But I am not human. I am only - I SHOULD have been - Can we two have grown so old and inflexible that we have outlived our usefulness? Would that constitute a joke? I was PREJUDUCED by those achievements. I too was blind. I knew about HER - and I did nothing. I trusted too much. You were right: it was arrogant presumption that got us into this situation. You might have died. The Commander is an old friend of yours. I've been dead before. Uhura, raise Excelsior. She ought to have the co-ordinates. Azetbur has agreed to meet the Federation at a undisclosed location to continue her father's work... the conspirators obviously intend to try again... The peace conference. The Klingons have a new weapon: a Bird of Prey that can fire while cloaked. She torpedoed Gorkon's ship. Captain... Perhaps you're right. I am responsible for involving you in this. I will go. According to the data bank, we HAVE - twice... We've fired on the Chancellor's ship - Curiously it appears to emanate from us. We are reading an enormous amount of neutron radiation. I am uncertain. I don't believe our own conduct will distinguish us in the annals of diplomacy... I believe the Captain feels that Starfleet's mission has always been one of peace - The Chancellor is undoubtedly awaiting our signal. Lieutenant, I am pleased to see you. The Lieutenant is the first Vulcan to be graduated at the top of her class as the Academy. They're dying. Jim, there is an historic opportunity here - I was asked by my father to open neg- There's an old Vulcan proverb: only Nixon could go to China. I have personally vouched for you in this matter, Captain. We have volunteered to rendezvous with the Klingon ship that's bringing Chancellor Gorkon here, and escort him safely through Federation space. Perhaps neither of us was hearing very well that night, Lieutenant. There were things I tried to tell you too - about having faith. But it was when you tried to persuade me the Captain was guilty that I should have understood. I believe you. Please... If you are logical. An error. I'm having the garbage searched. If my surmise is correct these boots will cling to the killers' necks like Tiberian bats. They couldn't make their escape without them; nor can they simply throw them out a window for all to see; no - they're here. Somewhere. Even logic must give way to physics. Gravity hadn't been restored by the time they escaped. Without their boots they would not have stayed on the Klingon transporter pads. Any progress? An omission. After that - Very well. For twenty-four hours we'll agree that this conversation did not take place. Curious. You haven't been assisting Commander Uhura with her radio transmissions, have you, Lt? Any reply from Starfleet to our dispatch, Lieutenant. Her own father...? In the meantime we must endeavor to piece together what happened here tonight. According to our data banks, this ship fired those torpedoes. What do you suggest, Lieutenant? Opening fire won't retrieve the Captain; and an armed engagement was precisely what he wished to avoid. That the universe will unfold as it should. You must have faith. I am not certain such speculations are included among your duties, Lieutenant. You have done well, Saavik. As your sponsor at the Academy I have followed your career with... satisfaction. And as a Vulcan. They're outside the beaming shield. Mr. Scott, start your engines. Thank you, Mr. Scott. We were to return to spacedock, the killers would surely manage to dispose of their incriminating footwear. I believe I am. This one can. Would they? Too far off. Very near us. Perhaps... underneath us... There was an enormous neutron energy surge. I know precisely where he'll be. That's hardly conclusive, Mr. Scott, as Klingons have no tear ducts. Then someone forged a data bank entry. Nevertheless. We'll have to check every one of them, Mr. Scott. I think not. Yet the data banks insist we fired: twice. One computer is lying. Mr. Scott, you forget yourself. Please accompany me. I've already addressed that question, Mr. Scott. We'll e able to follow the Captain's movements. But you didn't join a conspiracy. Under impulse power she expends fuel like any other ship. We call it "Plasma" - I do not know the Klingon name for it, but by any name it is merely ionized gas. I don't think Starfleet could have envisioned our current predicament. At present, he's surrounded by a magnetic shield. If my calculations are correct, he should be deep into his escape planning by this time. Mr. Scott, any progress on repairing our warp drive? I want this ship searched from bow to stern. Lieutenant Saavik, you are in charge. Start with the transporter room and work your way outwards... And they'd be right. We have no evidence - just a theory that happens to fit the facts... It means that if we cannot have fired those torpedoes then someone else did. An ancestor of mine maintained that if you eliminate the impossible whatever remains - however improbable - must be the truth. He's placing himself in a most awkward position... I assume command of this ship as of 0130 hours. Uhura, send to Starfleet HQ. Explain precisely what has taken place, and request instructions. They're naturally wary, ma'am. We've been at war a long time.