Listen, I hope you never need a thing I've taught you. But you've got something... Jack sees it, I do too. If you ever need to, you can shoot. Wear it, don't ever leave it in your purse. Dry fire it whenever you get the chance. And do your exercises. He's got a lot on his mind besides Buffalo Bill... His wife, Bella, is real sick. Comatose... I'm tellin' you about it now, 'cause he may never. Jack's pretty tough on you, isn't he? Impatient... Some fishermen in West Virginia found an unidentified girl's body. It's a Buffalo Bill-type situation. Been in the water about a week, and Jack needs somebody that can print a floater. Think you can handle it? Get your field gear, take stuff for overnight. You're goin' with Crawford.He's my patient! I have rights! I'm not just some turnkey, Miss Starling. I shouldn't even be here this afternoon. I had a ticket to Holiday on Ice. What you're doing, Miss Starling, is coming into my hospital to conduct an interview, and refusing to share information with me. For the third time! You might have suggested that in my office, and saved me the time. I'm going to show you why we insist on such precautions... On the afternoon of July 8, 1981, he complained of chest pains and was taken to the dispensary. His mouthpiece and restraints were removed for an EKG. When the nurse bent over him, he did this to her... Do not reach through the bars, do not touch the bars. You pass him nothing but soft paper - no pens or pencils. No staples or paperclips in his paper. Use the sliding food carrier, no exceptions. Do not accept anything he attempts to hold out to you. Do you understand me? Good. Then you should be able to remember the rules. A pretty young woman, to turn him on? I don't believe Lecter's ever seen a woman in eight years. And oh, are you ever his "taste" - so to speak. Lecter carved up nine people - that we're sure of - and cooked his favorite bits. We've tried to study him, of course - but he's much too sophisticated for the standard tests. And my, does he hate us! Thinks I'm his nemesis... Crawford's very clever, isn't he? Using you. I see. Let's make this quick, then. I'm busy.Starling - you've earned back your place in the Academy. We never would've found him without you, and nobody's ever going to forget that. Least of all me. No, Starling, there isn't time. And you've still got crucial work to do in Ohio. We want him for murder, not kidnapping. I'm counting on you to link him to the Bimmel girl, before he's indicted. Take a bow. Customs had some paper on his alias. They stopped a carton two years ago at LAX - live caterpillars from Surinam. The addressee was "John Grant." Calumet Power & Light's given us two possible residences under that alias. We're hitting one, Chicago SWAT's taking the other. This Gumb's a real beauty. Slaughtered both his grandparents when he was twelve, and did nine years in juvenile psychiatric. Where, Starling, he took vocational rehab, and learned a useful trade... Johns Hopkins finally came up with a name for us. We fed him into Known Offenders, and he came up cherries. Subject's name is "Jamie Gumb," AKA "John Grant." Lecter's description was accurate, he just lied about the name. Starling, we know who he is! And where he is. We're on our way now. Starling - With ID and a gun...? Impersonating a federal agent is a felony. I'm Bureau for 28 years, Starling. I won't disobey orders, not even now. Ohio is cold ground. Picked over, ten months ago. Our people worked it, so did the locals. You heard them. I don't have that authority anymore. They'll use their best men. But they better be paying attention... Good idea. Meantime, try to get a feel for Catherine Martin. Her apartment, her friends... how he might've stalked her. I'm going to the other two clinics, Minnesota and Ohio. Now's the hardest part, Starling. Use your anger, don't let it keep you from thinking. Just keep your eyes on Catherine. We've got less than 30 hours. Or just as worthless. But I want you in Memphis, close to him. Maybe when he gets tired of toying with Senator Martin, he'll talk to you again. There's a plane waiting for you now at the airstrip. I'm 53, Starling. If I found Jimmy Hoffa on national TV, I'd still have to retire in two years. It's not a consideration. But you are... You've done enough. If I keep you out of school any longer, you'll be recycled. Cost you six months, at least. I can guarantee you readmission here, but that's about it. Now's your chance, Starling. Go back to class. Leave Bill to me. Let's get some coffee and talk. She doesn't know what we're up to. And we can't afford to let her find out. State to federal jurisdiction... We can do it - eventually - but we'll never get all the clearances in time. Can you convince him a deal's already in place? What would it take? If we act too anxious, he'll make us wait. He'll let the Senator keep hoping, day after day, until Catherine finally washes up. That'd be the most fun of all. He offered to help, Starling, not to snitch. That wouldn't give him enough chance to show off. Remember, Lecter looks mainly for fun. Never forget fun. But for Catherine Martin, it all comes down to you and Lecter. You're the one he talks to. You seem pretty sure of that. The other girls are in the ground. Exhumations are upsetting for the families. I'll do it if I have to, but - When we get back, I want you to run that bug by the Smithsonian, see if they can identify it. Maybe it's got some limited range, or it only breeds at certain times of year... You found it, Starling, you deserve the credit. Point taken. When I told that sheriff we shouldn't talk in front of a woman, that really burned you, didn't it? That was just smoke, Starling, I had to get rid of him. You did well in there. They weren't there. Get close-ups. What do you see, Starling? Are you finished? What should I say? You did fine work. We'll wait on the lab. Okay, Starling. Let's have it. Maybe you've got a knack for this... I guess we're about to find out. Why not? Why? Talk about him, Starling. Tell me what you see. Good idea, but he thought of it, too. We've run simulations, using different vectors and the best dates we can assign. You put it all in the computer, and smoke comes out. No, this one is different. This one has seen us coming... Blue square for Belvedere, Ohio, where the Bimmel girl was abducted. Blue triangle where her body was found - down here in Missouri. Same marks for the other four girls, in different colors. This new one, today... washed up here. Elk River, in West Virginia, about six miles below U.S. 79. Real boonies. You don't have to feel any way about it. Lecter did it to amuse himself. Why not, what can they do? Take away his books for awhile, and no jello... I know it got ugly today. But this is your report, Starling - take it as far as you can. On your own time, outside of class. Now carry on. The orderly heard Lecter whispering to him, all afternoon, and Miggs crying. They found him at bed check. He'd swallowed his own tongue... Chilton is scared stiff the family will file a civil rights lawsuit, and he's trying to blame it on you. I told the little prick your conduct was flawless. Starling...? Miggs has been murdered. Then do that, Starling. Do just exactly that. Do you recall my instructions to you, Starling? What were they? Well? Why aren't you there right now? He mentioned a name, at the very end. "Mofet..." Any followup on her? Every word, Starling? Every gesture? I've read your interim memo on Lecter. You sure you've left nothing out? Be very careful with Hannibal Lecter. Dr. Chilton at the asylum will go over the physical procedures used with him. Do not deviate from them, for any reason. You tell him nothing personal, Starling. Believe me, you don't want Hannibal Lecter inside your head... Just do your job, but never forget what he is. Now. I want your full attention, Starling. Are you listening to me? You're qualified and available. And frankly, I can't spare a real agent right now. The psychiatrist - Dr. Hannibal Lecter. You see, the one we want most refuses to cooperate. I want you to go after him again today, in the asylum. We're trying to interview all of the serial killers now in custody, for a psychobehavioral profile. Could be a big help in unsolved cases. Most of them have been happy to talk to us. They have a compulsion to boast, these people... Do you spook easily, Starling? A job's come up and I thought about you. Not really a job, more of - an interesting errand. Walk me to my car, Starling. Your instructors tell me you're doing well. Top quarter of the class. Starling, Clarice M., good morning. Would you, Doctor? That would be so kind. Oh, that's clever, Dr. Danielson. Very humorous. You like the truth? Try this. He kidnaps young women and kills them and rips their skin off. We don't want him to do that anymore. If you don't help me, just as fast as you can, then the Justice Department is going to ask publicly for a court order, We'll ask twice a day, just in time for the morning and evening news. And each one of our press conferences will focus on Dr. Danielson, over at Johns Hopkins, and how we're still hoping for his cooperation. And every time there's any news on the case - when Catherine Martin floats, when the next one floats, and the next one - why, we'll just issue another press release about good ol' Dr. Danielson, over at Johns Hopkins - complete with all his humorous fucking remarks. Look... search your own records, if you prefer. You can do it a lot faster than us, anyway. If we find Buffalo Bill through your information, I'll suppress it. Nobody has to know this hospital cooperated. Her name is Kimberly Jane Emberg, she was just ID'd. I met her on a slab in West Virginia. And sometime tomorrow, or tomorrow night, he's going to do the same thing to Catherine Martin. You want to see a violation? This is a violation... Dr. Danielson, the man we want was never your patient. It would be someone you refused because he tries to conceal a record of criminal violence. Please, Doctor - time is eating us up. Just show me the ones you've turned away.It may be that - I could confer with my colleagues on this. And get back to you. I doubt very much that the FBI or any other government agency can keep a secret, Mr. Crawford. Truth will out... And then what? Will you give Johns Hopkins a new identity? Put a big pair of sunglasses on this building, and a funny nose? That's a childish, bullying stunt, Mr. Crawford. I was a battlefield surgeon, so you can put away your picture. Examination and interview materials are confidential. We've never violated an applicant's trust, and we never will. I'm not having a witch hunt here, Mr. Crawford! Our patients are decent, non-violent people with a real problem.Goodbye, Clarice... You looked - so very lovely today, in your blue suit. I have no plans to call on you, Clarice, the world being more interesting with you in it. Be sure you extend me the same courtesy. Your lambs are still for now, Clarice, but not forever... You'll have to earn it again and again, this blessed silence. Because it's the plight that drives you, and the plight will never end. Well, Clarice, have the lambs stopped screaming...? Promise...? Then why not take your case file? I won't be needing it anymore. Brave Clarice. Will you let me know if ever the lambs stop screaming? Dr. Chilton... I believe you know each other? Thank you, Clarice. Do you think if you saved Catherine, you could make them stop...? Do you think, if Catherine lives, you won't wake up in the dark, ever again, to the screaming of the lambs? Do you...? You still wake up sometimes, don't you? Wake up in the dark, with the lambs screaming? But what became of your lamb? Clarice...? Where were you going? But you could. You did. So you ran away... They were slaughtering the spring lambs? What did you do? What was it? Then something woke you. What? Did you dream...? What was it? Not "just," Clarice. What set you off? You started what time? I'll listen now. After your father's murder, you were orphaned. You were ten years old. You went to live with cousins, on a sheep and horse ranch in Montana. And - ? We don't reckon time the same way, Clarice. This is all the time you'll ever have. No. It's your turn to tell me, Clarice. You don't have any more vacations to sell, on Anthrax Island. Why did you run away from that ranch? No. Precisely. We begin by coveting what we see every day. Don't you feel eyes moving over your body, Clarice? I hardly see how you couldn't. And don't your eyes move over the things you want? No, he covets. That's his nature. And how do we begin to covet, Clarice? Do we seek out things to covet? Make an effort to answer. What is the first and principal thing he does, what need does he serve by killing? No! That's incidental. First principles, Clarice. Simplicity. Read Marcus Aurelius. Of each particular thing, ask: What is it, in itself, what is its nature...? What does he do, this man you seek? I've studied the case file, have you...? Everything you need to find him is right in these pages. Whatever his name is. Clarice... you're hardly in a position to accuse me of lying. How very thoughtful... Or did Crawford send you here for one last wheedle - before you're both booted off the case? That's enough, I think. Happy hunting. Oh, and Clarice - next time you will tell me why you ran away. Shall I summarize? The personality inventories would trip him up. Rorschach, Wechsler, House-Tree-Person... He wouldn't test like a real transsexual. There are three major centers for transsexual surgery: Johns Hopkins, the University of Minnesota, and Columbus Medical center. I wouldn't be surprised if Billy has applied for sex reassignment at one or all of them, and been rejected. Billy's not a real transsexual, but he thinks he is. He tries to be. He's tried to be a lot of things, I expect. Did he try to? Why, Clarice? Did the rancher fuck you? Why so briefly? How long did you live there? A cattle ranch? After your father's death, you were orphaned. What happened next? I don't imagine the answer's on those second-rate shoes, Clarice. Clever girl. You're so close to the way you're going to catch him - do you realize that? The significance of the moth is change. Caterpillar into cocoon into beauty... Billy wants to change, too, Clarice. But there's the problem of his size, you see. Even if he were a woman, he'd have to be a big one... You're very frank, Clarice. I think - it would be quite something to know you in private life. Killed outright? Tell me. Don't lie, or I'll know. What's your worst memory of childhood? Quicker than that. I'm not interested in your worst invention. Terns... If I help you, Clarice, it will be "turns" with us, too. Quid pro quo. I tell you things, you tell me things. Not about this case, though - about yourself. Yes or no? Yes or no, Clarice. Catherine is waiting. Tick-tock, tick-tock... "Plum Island Animal Disease Research Center." Sounds charming. I'm waiting for your offer, Clarice. Enchant me. Was it a butterfly? Mmm. And what else...? Big through the hips. Roomy. Life's too slippery for books, Clarice. Typhoid and swans came from the same God. Tell me, Miss West Virginia - was she a large girl? That is both impudent and untrue... Tell me, how did you feel when you viewed our Billy's latest effort? Or should I say, his "next-to-latest"? Oh, a very naughty boy. Someone you and Jack Crawford are most anxious to meet. I've been in this room for eight years, Clarice. I know they will never, ever let me out while I'm alive. What I want is a view. I want a window where I can see a tree, or even water. I want to be in a federal institution, away from Chilton - and I want a view. I'll give good value for it. Crawford could do that for me, but he won't. You persuade him. Punishment, you see. For Miggs. Just like that gospel program. When you leave, they'll turn the volume way up. Chilton does enjoy his petty torments. Or doesn't this all begin to suggest to you a kind of... negotiation? There's something Crawford can give me, and I want to trade for it. I even wrote to him, offering my help. But he hates me, so he won't deal directly. Not anymore. Surely the odd confluence of events hasn't escaped you, Clarice. Crawford dangles you before me. Then I give you a bit of help. Do you think it's because I like to look at you, and imagine how good you would taste...? Your first lie to me, Clarice. How sad. Tell me - do you think Crawford wants you, sexually? True, he's much older, but - do you think he visualizes... scenarios, exchanges...? Fucking you? Jack Crawford is helping your career, isn't he? Apparently he likes you. And you like him, too. Do you have something you use, when you need to get up your courage? Memories, tableaux... scenes from your early life? Ahhh... Why? And have them clomping about in my life? Oh dear, no... At that time I still had certain private amusements of my own. How did you feel when you saw him, Clarice? May I call you Clarice? Who can say...? Best thing for him, really. His therapy was going nowhere. His real name is Benjamin Raspail. A former patient of mine, whose romantic attachments ran to, shall we say, the exotic...? I didn't kill him, merely tucked him away. Very much as I found him, in that ridiculous car, in his own garage, after he's missed three appointments. You'd have him under "Missing Person" - which, in poor Raspail's case, could hardly be more true. I might if I saw the case file. You could get that for me. Why don't you ask me about Buffalo Bill? Your bleeding has stopped. Advancement, of course. Go to Split City. See Miss Mofet, an old patient of mine. M-O-F-E-T... Now go. Go. I don't think Miggs could manage again so soon, even if he is crazy - do you? No. But I will make you happy... I'll give you a chance for what you love most, Clarice Starling. I would not have had that happen to you. Discourtesy is - unspeakably ugly to me. A census taker once tried to test me. I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice chianti... Fly back to school, little Starling. And you'd hate to think you were common. My, wouldn't that sting! Well you're far from common, Officer Starling. All you have is the fear of it. Now please excuse me. Good day. You're a tough one, aren't you? Oh, Officer Starling... do you think you can dissect me with this blunt little tool? I didn't. Witless and misleading. Why do you think he takes their skins, Officer Starling? Thrill me with your wisdom. Do you know why he's called Buffalo Bill? Tell me. The newspapers won't say. All flayed...? How many women has he used, our Bill? Jack Crawford must be very busy indeed if he's recruiting help from the student body. Busy hunting that new one, Buffalo Bill... Such a naughty boy! Did Crawford send you to ask for my advice on him? No, no, no. You were doing fine, you'd been courteous and receptive to courtesy, you'd established trust with the embarrassing truth about Miggs, and now this ham-handed segue into your questionnaire. It won't do. It's stupid and boring. Memory, Officer Starling, is what I have instead of view. Yes. That's the Duomo, seen from the Belvedere. Do you know Florence? I have no doubt of it. It's much better than your shoes. I see. I myself cannot. You use Evyan skin cream, and sometimes you wear L'Air du Temps, but not today. You brought your best bag, though, didn't you? Now then. What did Miggs say to you? "Multiple Miggs," in the next cell. He hissed at you. What did he say? Mmmmm... That's rather slippery of you, Officer Starling. Sit. Please. Jack Crawford sent a trainee to me? That expires in one week. You're not real FBI, are you? May I see your credentials? "We" being the Behavioral Science Unit, at Quantico. You're one of Jack Crawford's, I expect. Oh, and Senator...? Love you suit. Senator Martin...! You can't trust Jack Crawford or Clarice Starling. It's such a game with these people. They're determined to get the arrest for themselves. The "collar," I think they say. Toughened your nipples, didn't it...? Six foot one, strongly built, about 190 pounds. Hair brown, eyes pale blue. He'd be about 35 now. He said he lived in Philadelphia, but may have lied. That's really all I can remember, Senator - but if I think of any more, I'll let you know. Did you breast-feed her? I won't waste your time and Catherine's time bargaining for petty privileges. Clarice Starling and that awful Jack Crawford have wasted far too much already. I only pray they haven't doomed the poor girl... Let me help you now, and I'll trust you when it's all over.Yes. I bought the house from her, two years ago. Are they close to catching somebody, do you think? Mrs. Lippman had a son, maybe he could help you. I have his card somewhere. Do you mind stepping inside, while I looks for it? No. Wait... Was she a great, fat person? I may have seen her, I'm not sure... Jack Gordon. Just briefly. What's the problem, Officer?Oh my! Oh my... Maybe you better come out now, Miss Starling. Oh. You're playing a piano, Miss Starling? Okay, Miss Starling? Might I suggest tucking your pants into your socks? To prevent mouse intrusion. Not to my knowledge. Privacy is a great concern to my customers. But, if you say this is an FBI matter...Better known to his friends as the Death's-head Moth... I'm the one who found his perforating proboscis! Are you wearing a gun, right now? Ooh, cool! Can I see it? Can I? Of course it counts. How do you play? Time, Pilch! My move.Thank you, Doctor. I'll keep it in mind. Let's go with it. Yes... I did. What...? You have my word. Paul?