What? No you won't. You'll be back today. Now! You get your ass back here, Thelma, now, Goddamnit. Thelma, do you understand me? See ya. Well then, it's a good thing you're not regional manager and I am. No, Thelma, I don't give a shit what we have for dinner. I may not even make it home for dinner. You know how Fridays are. What?! Uh-huh. What. Damnit, Thelma, don't holler like that! Haven't I told you I can't stand it when you holler in the morning.I gotta go to Little Rock. That's what everybody says. Only problem is nobody's husband was unaccounted for that night... Could you shoot Eddie in the face? At point blank range? Yeah, I could too. But... I don't know why I'm even asking you this. It's just... we can't place anybody at the scene but these two gals that everybody swears is sweet as pie. I don't know. I keep hearing words -- impossible -- inconceivable. If just one person would say... On what? I'm asking you seriously, Sarah, a stranger? Why? Do you think you could ever think of a set of circumstances that would just cause you to haul off and shoot someone? Do you think you could ever shoot someone? Honey? There's two girls out there that had a chance, they had a chance...! And you blew it for 'em. Now they've gotten in some serious trouble, some very serious trouble and for at least part of it, I'm gonna hold you personally responsible for anything that happens to them. I've got no feelin' for you. But I may be the only person in the world who gives a rat's ass what happens to them and you're either gonna tell me every damn thing you know, so there's a small chance I can actually do them some good, or I'm gonna be all over you like a fly on shit for the rest of your natural life. Your misery is gonna be my goddamn mission in life. That's a sincere promise. You know what? You're starting to irritate me. Did either of them ever indicate that they might be running from the Law? He said he took it to a motel in Oklahoma City. He also says that at that time he met a man. He identified you through a series of mug shots. He also told us that you and Mrs. Dickinson seemed "close." Is that true? We spoke with a gentlemen today who says he personally delivered very close to that same amount to a Miss Louise Sawyer. Do you know her too? Well, son, she's doin' a damn sight better 'n you right now. That's Thelma Dickinson's husband. Alright, Lena. Go on home. We might have to call you in for some more questioning. You didn't happen to notice what kind of car they were driving? Lena, just cut the bullshit, will ya? Do have any ideas or don't ya? I been standin' in this stupid parkin' lot all goddamn night, and I still got to go file a report before I can go home in time to get back up again! Who do you think did it? Well, you're not exactly an expert witness, but what makes you so sure? Could you identify 'em, if ya saw 'em again? Louise, I'll do anything. I know what's makin' you run. I know what happened to you in Texas. You want to come on in? I do believe you. That's what I want everybody to believe. Trouble is, it doesn't look like an accident and you're not here to tell me about it... I need you to help me here. You're gettin' in deeper every moment you're gone. You're still with us though. You're somewhere on the face of the earth? How are things goin' out there? Good. You wanna tell me what happened? You girls are in some hot water. I have no problem with that. That's certainly possible. Alright. All we know is there were two women in a green T-Bird convertible that turned left out of the parking lot, going real fast. We're trying to get a make on the car, but nothin' yet. So far, we got nothin'. Armed robber. Is this the guy you saw them with? This is serious, son. A man is dead. Tell us about him. I'm sorry to bother you, I know you're real busy right now, but how many times, Max? How many times has that woman gotta be fucked over? You could lift one finger and save her ass and you won't even do that? Hey! Don't let them shoot those girls. This is too much. They got guns pointed at 'em! It don't matter. Brains will only get you so far and luck always runs out. He's got nothin' to gain by lyin'. Nothin' at all. He already got all their money. I just don't know what we're dealin' with here. Anyway, it went out again last night on Nationwide Teletype. Let's just wait it out a little longer. She said she was gonna call back. Let's just sit tight. Now, for one thing, you violated your parole two days out. And you know Judge Hainey. He hates this sort of thing. Once he gets wind of this, he's gonna blow sky high. And then when he finds out that you're a possible accessory to murder and armed robbery, well, I think we can safely place your ass back in the slammer for at least the remaining eight, don't you? My Lord. The important thing is not to let on that you know anything. We want to try and find out where they are. Now I don't want to get too personal, but do you have a good relationship with your wife? Are you close with her? A .38.Shut up. Louise is alright. You're beautiful. It's okay. I won't hurt you. It's okay. It's okay. I'm married, too. Yeah, you're startin' to feel pretty good to me, too. What for? What's wrong? You do? Is he a funny uncle? 'Cause if he is, then he and I got somethin' in common.How do you know I took it? How do you know they didn't just give it to me? Now that you mention it, they might have been a little bit jumpy. You might say we had a meeting of the minds, yes. Umm, yes. She was driving. Alright! She did good! Didn't she? Aw, God. Who's the nut? You're a little angle, you are. I may be the outlaw, but you're the one stealin' my heart. I've always believed if done right, armed robbery doesn't have to be a totally unpleasant experience. Well, first you pick your place, see, then I'd just sit back and watch it for awhile. Ya gotta wait for just the right moment, which is something you know instinctively, that can't be taught. Then I'd waltz on in... Naw, honey, that would be burglary. I never got arrested for burglary. Burglary's for chicken shits. If you're gonna rob someone, ya just have to go right on up to 'em and do it. Just take the money. That's robbery. That's a whole 'nother deal. Well, I was just down on my luck and it seemed like somethin' I was good at so I... Well, I robbed a gas station once, and I robbed a couple of liquor stores, and some convenience stores. And that's it. Nope. I've never robbed a bank. I'm a robber. Well, not anymore, Thelma, except for bustin' parole, I haven't done one wrong thing. I'm just some guy. A guy whose parole officer is probably having a shit fit right about now. I am the great and powerful Oz... That's lonely for you, I guess. I always think of motel rooms as lonely. Oh. I... where's Louise? That sounds nice. I don't know. Nowhere. What are you doin'? Well, I guess I'd better... Thelma? It's me. Yup. Thanks for the ride. You all take care. Well, if you don't mind me sayin' so, he sounds like a real asshole. Did you get married real young? So how come you don't have any kids? Human nature. I'm majoring in behavioral science.Oh, great. It's him. I know! I'd tell you if I knew! Goddamn! I know something happened, or she wouldn't have left. I'm trying to remember everything! Find that fucking kid. He probably knows something. Just some young guy. Around twenty years old. Dark hair. I swear to God, she wouldn't tell me one thing! Christ! You oughta try to find that kid that was with 'em. I always knew that. Well, come on, gal, I got you a room. You can go on in and take a nice cold shower. Who's your friend? Ask me no questions, I'll tell you no lies. I'm choking on it. Don't worry darlin'. I'll say I never found you. I'll say anything you want. We'll find a way to get you out of this, whatever it is. Are you just doin' this to punish me? I'm the one... I never made it work. I just... It's not that I don't love you. It's not that. I just never thought I'd be thirty-six years old and I never thought... I don't know what I thought. What do you want, darlin'. What do you want me to do. 'Cause, Louise. I don't want to lose you. And for some reason I get the feelin' you're about to split. Permanently. So whaddya think. I mean... I could... uh... get a job. Of some kind. I mean you've been tellin' me that for years, right? You didn't see that one comin', did ya? Will you at least see how it fits? Can I just ask you one other thing? Alright, alright. I'm sorry. Then what?! What, goddamnit, Louise! Where the fuck are you going? Are you just leaving for fucking ever? What, did you fuckin' murder somebody or what?! Does it have something to do with another guy? Are you in love with him? Okay, peaches, okay. But can I ask you one thing? Okay, okay, just tell me what's the trouble. Now, my little coconut, what seems to be the trouble here? Tell Daddy everything. Who is it? Can we get another room? Just put it on my credit card. Hey, peaches. That's the code word. I miss you, peaches. Peaches. It's a place called Shaw's Siesta Motel. The address is 1921 North East 23. It's under your name. No, honey. I told him I was buyin' a car. What is it for? Friend of mine, owns a club. Dickie Randall. You'd know him if you saw him. His brother was in your class. Terry. I got it. I was afraid I'd missed you. I almost couldn't get a check cashed. It's Saturday. I know. Call me back. Louise, I love you, okay? Call me back. No, for that much money I have to tell them exactly which office. I know, I've had to have money wired to me on the road. And there has to be a code word or they won't give it to you. I'll have to tell you the code. Louise, let me call you back after I wire it, so you'll know which office to go to. You're in Oklahoma?! Christ, sure... yes! Of course. Of course! Where? Can't I bring it to you? For God's sake, baby, please, just tell me what's happened, what could possibly be so bad? What the fuck is going on? Where'd y'all go? Louise, just tell me what the hell is going on here! I come back, nobody knows where you are. Is Thelma with you? Darryl's been callin' here every half-hour sayin' he's gonna kill you both when you get back, he's goin' nuts. I don't envy her if she is. Are you in town? This sounds long distance. Louise, honey... Where are you? You sound funny. Louise! Where are you? Are you alright? Honey...Somebody's butt is gonna bar-b-que. Why don't we go ahead and let the bureau in on this. Is there any reason to believe they've left the state? Well, you'd best get something. Even if they didn't do it, it times out that they most likely witnessed it. I want somebody to at least talk to 'em. Put out an APB with a description and see what we get back.Get a hold of yourself! You are way out of your jurisdiction, now come on! Calm down! Don't make me sorry I let you come! The women are armed, Hal. This is standard. Now you stay calm here. These boys know what they're doin'. We don't have a whole lotta choice, do we? I can't figure out if they're real smart or just really, really lucky. It's just not working like this. We gotta do something. It'd be one thing if these girls were hardened criminals, but Jesus, Hal, this is makin' us look bad. I don't know... maybe they're not movin'. Maybe that little creep lied. Oh, definitely. Good God. We're going to leave someone here at the house in the event that she calls in. Someone will be here until we find them. Right. Where are they? What kind of gun was it?Fuck you. Fuck that. I'm not apologizing for shit! You women are crazy! What? What are you talkin' about? Yeah. I been seein' you, too. Yeah... sure did. Oh, Jesus! Fresno. Grrrreat! Hi there! You alright?