You guys ought to try picking up a phone once in awhile. Stephen's not staying here now, Brian. He moved out last April. Stephen told him you were killed in a hot tub accident. Yeah, you'd be surprised what three years can do to a kid. Four months? 'Bout written you off. How long have you been in town? You look like... Brian. Brian? I don't want to confuse him, Stephen. -- No, that's okay. It's just Sean... Stephen... I... can I talk to you a second... What's wrong? You can't keep being his father... Yeah? When was the last time? Ah Stephen, that's what this is really about, isn't it? You always have to be right. I know he's out, but how's he doing? What's wrong, Stephen? C'mon, you only beat up the roof when something's on your mind. How's Brian doing? You want some coffee? You treated me like shit. Okay. He deserved it. He was born deserving it. The great communicator. -- You remember. Stephen, you gotta stop just showing up on the roof like this. He's going to be a fireman. He's got piano lessons. It's not your roof anymore. Stephen, what are you doing here? Here we go... Stephen, I'm kinda busy here, can we talk about this later?It's a small town. I don't have the slightest idea... I quit two days ago, Brian. That's a dumb thing to say. Just take it. Y'know, four years ago I was working in a bakery. Two years ago I was bringing Marty coffee and he didn't even know my name. I run that office now. Marty believed in me and I believe in him. You want me to just throw that away? Do you know what you're asking me to do? I don't know anything about it. We still talking? Look, I'm sorry about the other day -- Hi. You knew what we were asking you to do. Don't suddenly pull out a conscience now. The fit isn't right. Oh yeah, he's the real fireman. Who are you? Just another probie working for Swayzak -- Let me ask you something, do you really think Marty had you assigned to arson because of your firefighting skills? Who the hell are you kidding? I was there, remember? I saw you and your brother -- I was doing my job. Will you please keep your voice down, there's people -- I didn't know it was a secret. There aren't supposed to be secrets between the city and its investigators -- Brian. What's wrong? Uh huh. Then why did you quit? Do you miss it? You seem like you do. Homey. Got anything to drink in there? But Rimgale's probably going to come around to arson. Yeah, but it doesn't take Albert Einstein just to figure out if these guys were killed by accidents or not. Boy, Rimgale's as slow as a snail, isn't he? Marty did. But I wanted you to come to. You think that's really any of your business? If you weren't at least the 300th person to ask me that, I'd probably be pissed. Boy, you sure know it's a man's world sometimes... Hi. I could use a date. Green committed to a thousand. There's another fund-raising party tonight. Marty'd really like you to come. How's it going? Straightest answer your department's given me all week. ...Okay. I'll arrange things with your assignment captain. Marty's a good man, Brian. Look, I didn't mean to take a piece out of you back there, I just thought you'd call when you came back. You didn't and... Don't blow it just because of this garbage between us. Brian, do you always have to be so stupid? Think about your future for once. Boy, took you all of thirty seconds to blow that. Yeah, well I like to think I'm just a little past hanging out on JP II watching the Irish pick fights and Litwalks barf in the planters. Bullshit. Marty's plan is only about efficiency. I've got two cousins on the job, you think I'd work for him if I didn't believe in it? Why do you think Marty came here tonight? Because he cares about your department. You don't know how hard he works. You don't know about his programs helping West Side -- Let me tell you something. Martin Swayzak is going to be this town's next mayor. Look, I'm not the same girl who had nothing better to do than wrap her legs around you on a Saturday night. This isn't about fun. I'm working here. When I was twenty. I don't want to be your friend, Brian. What, you think I just dried up and blew away when you left? The world does turn once in awhile Brian, even without your permission. I work for city hall. Not quite. Just visiting. I live in Lincoln Park now. Huh. Thanks for calling. You're back. Brian.Oh no! No! I can't believe it. I can't believe it. Both of them, both brothers, oh my God! Huh? I don't think so, Jim... And if you're wrong? You never talked to me this way before, Jim Garrison. I'm not making any threats. I'm leaving you. I'm taking the kids to my mother's. I am - I am. Oh, I don't know anymore! I believe there was a conspiracy, but not the government. I just want to raise our children and live a normal life! I want my life back! I don't want to see, goddammit! I'm tired. I've had enough! They say you don't have anything anyway! Everybody in town's talking. You're ruining this man Shaw's life! You're attacking him because he's homosexual! Going ahead with this stupid "trial"! Did you ever once stop and consider what he's going through? I'm not fighting you, Jim, I'm just trying to reach you. You've changed. Is it such a chore? I don't understand you. Jim, before this Kennedy thing, nothing mattered to you in this life more than your children. The other night Jasper tried to show you a drawing. You didn't even notice he was there. He came to me bawling his little eyes out. Jim, he's sensitive - he needs more from you. You and your government! What's the matter with you? Don't you have any feelings? Your daughter! What kind of man are you? I'm leaving. I'm taking the kids and I'm leaving! I won't stand it anymore. How do you know? How do you even know what goes on in this house anymore! You're too busy making speeches, stirring up every crazed Klansman in Louisiana after us! Our home, Jim! A kidnapper, a murderer, who knows! Your daughter's life was just threatened! A man just called. He asked her everything! Did you enter Virginia into a beauty contest? Leave us ALONE for God's sake! ...Oh, it's Lou. It's not funny, Jim, I'm scared. That sounds dandy, but it doesn't replace a father and a husband on Easter Day. I think you care more about John Kennedy than your family! All day long the kids are asking, "Where's Daddy?" What am I supposed to tell your kids, Jim! We waited for you... hours, Jim. You could have telephoned, for God's sake. It's Easter! You promised, Jim. My sympathies. Hi. You're missing most of your life, Jim, and you don't even know it. The kids are missing out too. It's not just you making the sacrifice here, honey. Look at the calendar, for Christ's sake. You said a Sunday, not Easter Sunday. But why in the Lord's name would you do it in the middle of Easter Sunday when you knew we were... Jim, come on, honey, get down on your hands and knees and hunt for Jasper's Easter egg. Do you have any evidence against him, Jim? Clay Shaw's done so much for the city with all that restoration in the Quarter. He's well connected, all his friends, the money, people, be careful, Jim. Honey, go back to sleep, please! Jim, what is going on, for heaven's sake! You going to stay up all night every night? For what? So you'll be the only man in America who read the entire 26 volumes of the Warren Report? These books are getting to your mind, Mr. Garrison. I wish you'd stop readin' them. I cannot believe this. It's four- thirty, Jim Garrison. I have five children are gonna be awake in another hour and ... Honey, you all right? One hour, y'hear? Some Saturday night date you are. Mama warned me this would happen if I married such a serious man. Well maybe you're right, Jim. I'll give you one hour to solve the case... until the kids are in bed. Then you're mine and Mr. Kennedy can wait 'til morning. Come on, everybody say goodnight to Daddy. Come on now, we'll talk about it at the table, dinner's getting cold. What are you doing in here? Jim, dinner's just about ready... I've got a surprise for you... tried something new... Jim? Jim, dinner.Or a cover up! Jesus, Bill, don't you have enough proof of the FBI's complicity now? No!... Shaw! Director of The Trade Mart? This is incredible. Who? You want facts, Bill? Okay. From 1945 to '59 only two U.S. soldiers defect to Russia. From '59 to '60, seven defect, six return, one of them another Marine a month before Oswald. All of them young men made to seem poor, disenchanted. I don't know if it's coincidence, but Oswald had a top security clearance and knew about the U2 program from his days at Atsugi Air Base in Japan. Six months after he arrives in Russia, Francis Gary Powers' U2 spy flight goes down in Russia. That plane was untouchable. Powers hinted that Oswald could've given the Russians enough data to hit it. As a direct result, the peace summit between Khrushchev and Eisenhower failed. I can't help thinking of that book Seven Days In May, maybe someone in our military didn't want the Peace Conference to happen, maybe Oswald was part of that. It gets weirder. Yes, but we're talking about a dead warehouse employee of no political significance. Three years later and he's still classified? They gave us his grammar school records, a study of his pubic hairs... Put it in context, Bill, of what we know about Oswald. Lonely kid, no father, unstable childhood, high school dropout - wants to grow up and be a spy, joins the Marines at 17. He learns Russian, he acts overtly Marxist with two other marines, but he's stationed at a top secret base in Japan where U2 spy flights over Russia originate. He's discharged from the Marines supposedly because his mother's sick. He stays home 3 days, then with a $1500 ticket from a $203 bank account, he goes to Moscow... I'm sorry. Aren't you being a little hard? This is interesting - are you ready for this? Oswald went to see the FBI two weeks before the assassination. It seems Special Agent Hosty made three routine visits to his house, supposedly to keep an eye on Marina Oswald. Bugging the District Attorney's office of New Orleans! It's outrageous! ...now it gets positively spooky. In January, 1961 - in New Orleans, at the Bolton Ford Dealership - when the Oswald we know is in Russia - there is a man using the name "Oswald" to buy trucks for the Friends of Democratic Cuba. The salesman never saw him again, but guess who's on the articles of incorporation of the Friends of Democratic Cuba? Guy Banister. Banister has someone using the name "Oswald" to buy the trucks. Hoover, at the FBI, writes a memo dated June, 1960, that there could be someone using Oswald's passport and identity. All I can find out about the Williams' is their tax returns are classified and that Bill Williams, a descendant of the Cabots of Massachusetts, has links through his family and United Fruit to the CIA and does classified work for Bell Helicopter which requires a security clearance - so what is Oswald, a defector, doing visiting his wife in his house? Williams has a relationship at Bell with General Walter Dornberger, another one of the Nazis we brought in after the War for our missile program. He used slave labor to build the V-2 Rockets for Hitler before Bell needed him. The Oswalds are introduced by George de Mohrenschildt to Janet and Bill Williams. It's through Janet Williams in October '63 that Lee gets the warehouse job, right smack on Elm Street at the Book Depository, which is owned by another oilman with ties to defense and military intelligence. Equally incongruous is Oswald becoming chummy with the White Russian community of Dallas - all rabid anti- Communists. The next thing we know he's living in Dallas/Ft. Worth in October '62 working 6 months at Jaggars-Chiles- Stovall, a photographic firm that contracts to make maps for the U.S. Army... He starts work only days before the government reveals Russian missiles in Cuba and the crisis explodes. Oswald may have had access to missile site footage obtained by the U2 planes and works alongside a young man who'd been in the Army Security Agency. None either. It's bizarre. It's next to impossible to get Russian sweethearts out. Nor does Lee have any problem getting a new passport when he wants to go to Cuba and Russia in '63. A man who has defected once already. It's crazy. Spas T. Raikin, a leading member of an anti-Communist group. The FBI finally gets around to talking to him in Dallas and runs a file on him as a miscreant Communist type. None! The State Department issues him a new passport in 48 hours and loans him the money to travel. He's never investigated or charged by the Navy for revealing classified information or, as far as we know, debriefed by the CIA. But he never writes, speaks, or does any propaganda for the Russians. He meets Marina, whose uncle is a colonel in Soviet intelligence, at a trade union dance; she thinks he's Russian the way he speaks, six weeks later they marry, have a daughter. Finally they shuttle him to a radio factory in Minks where he lives as high on the hog as he ever has - he's given 5,000 rubles, a roomy apartment with a balcony, has affairs with local girls. Negative on his tax records. Classified. First time I know a D.A. can't get a tax record. I put together a list of all the CIA files on Oswald that were part of the Warren Report and asked for them. There are about 1200 documents... Oswald in the USSR, in Mexico City, Oswald and the U2, a CIA 201 personnel file, a memo from the Director on Oswald, travel and activities - can't get one of them. All classified as secret on the grounds of national security. It's real strange.I keep thinking of that day, Tuesday the 26th, the day after they buried Kennedy, L.B.J. was signing the memorandum on Vietnam with Ambassador Lodge. It never did. I knew the man 20 years. That's him. The way he walked... arms at his side, military, the stoop, the haircut, the twisted left hand, the large class ring. What was he doing there? If anyone had asked him, he'd probably say "protection" but I'll tell you I think he was giving some kind of "okay" signal to those hoboes - they're about to get booked and he's telling 'em it's gonna be okay, they're covered. And in fact they were - you never heard of them again. Does it matter? Another technician. But an interesting thing - he was there that day in Dealey Plaza. You know how I know? That picture of yours. The hoboes... you never looked deep enough... You never ask a spook a question. No point. He'll never give you a straight answer. General Y still thinks of himself of the handsome young warrior who loved this country but loved the concept of war more. ...got promoted to two stars, but he was never military, you know, always CIA. Went to Vietnam, lost his credibility when we got beat over there, retired, lives in Virginia. I say hello to him when I see him at the supermarket... ...don't think so. When they start to drool, they get rid of 'em. These guys are proud of what they did. They did Dealey Plaza! They took out the President of the United States! That's entertainment! And they served their country doing it. He's done it before. Other countries. Lumumba in the Congo, Trujillo, the Dominican Republic, he's working on Castro. No big deal. In September, Kennedy announces the Texas trip. At that moment, second Oswalds start popping up all over Dallas where they have the mayor and the cops in their pocket. Y flies in the assassins, maybe from the special camp we keep outside Athens, Greece - pros, maybe some locals, Cubans, Maria hire, separate teams. Does it really matter who shot from what rooftop? Part of the scenery. The assassins by now are dead or well paid and long gone... I think it started in the wind. Money - arms, big oil, Pentagon people, contractors, bankers, politicians like L.B.J. were committed to a war in Southeast Asia. As early as '61 they knew Kennedy was going to change things... He was not going to war in Southeast Asia. Who knows? Probably some boardroom or lunchroom somewhere - Houston, New York - hell, maybe Bonn, Germany... who knows, it's international now. You didn't get that break you needed, but you went as far as any man could, bubba. What can I do for you? But you don't have a choice anymore. You've become a significant threat to the national security structure. They would've killed you already, but you got a lot of light on you. Instead, they're gonna destroy your credibility; they already have in many circles in this town. You're some kinda ego-crazed southern caricature to many folks. Be honest - the best chance you got is come up with a case, something, anything, make arrests, stir the shitstorm. You gotta hope to reach a point of critical mass where other people will come forward and the government will crack. Remember, fundamentally people are suckers for the truth, and the truth is on your side, 'bubba. I hope you get a break... No chance in hell, Mr. Garrison. I'd be arrested and gagged, declared insane and hospitalized... maybe worse. You, too. I can only give you background, you got to find the foreground, the little things... Keep digging. Y'know you're the only person to ever bring a trial in the murder of John Kennedy. That's important - it's historic. Kings are killed, Mr. Garrison. Politics is power, nothing more. But don't believe me. Don't trust me. Do your own work, your own thinking. I'm not with the Agency, Mr. Garrison, and I assume if you've come this far, what I have to say interests you. But I'm not going to name names, or tell you who or what I represent. Except to say - you're close, you're closer than you think... I could give you a false name, but I won't. Just call me X. I'm glad you came. I'm sorry about the precautions. Jim Garrison?You know, certain words and phrases just keep floating through my mind, things like incarceration, cavity search, life imprisonment, death by electrocution, that sort of thing. So, come out alive? I don't know. Let us think about that. No! Would you believe me if I told you this whole thing is an accident? Well, we're not in the middle of nowhere, but we can see it from here. Weird. Got some kind of snowball effect goin' here or somethin'. Hey. Sure. Maybe over coffee sometime. I'll buy. We're both fine. Yes, sir. I know. I've been better. Damn, Jimmy, did you take a pill that makes you say all the right stuff? Believe me, the last thing I want is for you to get punished. I don't know. It doesn't even matter anymore. I just want you to be happy... It's not that I don't love you either. But Jimmy, your timing couldn't be worse. Why now, Jimmy? Jimmy... it's beautiful! Maybe. Stop it! Stop it, Jimmy, or I'll leave right now. I'm not kiddin'! It's nothin' like that. Maybe. Jimmy, my daddy's still alive and it kind of gives me the creeps when you do that... It's me. Hello... Oh my God! Jimmy! You... Oh my God! What are you doin' here? What? And what's the mysterious code word? Good. That was good. Where do I go? You didn't say what it was for, did you? Who did it? Is that how you answer the phone? Okay. Okay. I'll call you back. In an hour. Don't tell Darryl. Tell me now. Can't it go to any office? Not yet. Wire it to the Western Union in Oklahoma City, Do you love me? Something real bad has happened and I can't tell you what, just that it's bad and I did it and I can't undo it. Can you help me? I have a savings account with about sixty-seven hundred dollars in it. Now I know you won't be able to get it out, but I'm good for it. I need that money. Can you wire me the sixty-seven hundred dollars and I'll pay you back? Please, I'm desperate. Fishing. Look, Jimmy... I need you to help me. This is serious. I'm in trouble and I need you to help me. Can you do that? No, I'm out of town. I'm in... I'm in real deep shit, Jimmy. Deep shit Arkansas. I am funny. I'm real funny. Hi. I'm okay. How are you? Long time no see. Am I in trouble? In the back? Yes. Oh yeah. Hello, Officer. Is there a problem? You, too, sweetie, the best. Go? What are you talkin' about? We're not giving up, Thelma. All this for us? It's grand! It's the Goddamn Grand Canyon! Where?! What?! How do you stay so positive? Unbearable, I'd imagine. No... You've always been crazy. This is just the first chance you've had to really express yourself. You too, sweetie, the best. You're crazy. There's one thing you oughta understand by now, Thelma, it's not your fault. They'll probably catch us when we have to stop for gas! We probably shoulda filled up the car before we blew up that truck. What?! What d'you think?! Shit! Shit! About two hundred and fifty miles. Yeah, right. We're not gonna get caught. We've gone insane. You know what's happened, don't you? Texas... You were right about what happened to me there. And, oh my God, that other thing, that pointing to your lap? What's that supposed to mean exactly? Does that mean pull over, I want to show you what a big fat slob I am or... It's him. He's got California plates. It's the same guy. We should head a little further in. There's not that many roads in this state. I want to try to hit Mexico somewhere not so close to New Mexico. They probably wanna kill us in New Mexico. It would have to be pretty damn good. Yes! Yes! Now what kind of deal do you think that cop can come up with to beat that? We can live in a hacienda. We'll be drinkin' margaritas by the sea, Mamasita. Good. You could call it that. My eyes are open. Well, let me know when you figure it out. Sure... You know how to hotwire a car? And we have to decide whether we want to come out of this dead or alive. He said they're charging us with murder. I know. I know what you mean. I don't wanna end up on the damn Geraldo Show. Thelma, that is not an option. No, Thelma. I'm not gonna make any deals. What do you mean? Yes, Thelma? Whatever. I said all that? What? What'd I say again? I think I've really fucked up. I think I've got us in a situation where we could both get killed. Why didn't we just go straight to the police. Shit. I'm gettin' tired. Yeah. You do? And I don't want any more Wild Turkey, either. It's burning a hole in my stomach. I don't care what the damn pioneers ate. You just keep that shit away from me, now I mean it. I don't want to see any more beef jerky. I mean the next beef jerky you hand me is going out the window. It's drivin' me crazy. The whole car smells like it. Well, I figure if you take a state policeman, shoot up his car, take his gun and lock him in the trunk, it's best to just get on out of the state if you can. Yes. I believe you. Ready? Sorry! What? I am really sorry about this. About how fast was I going? I don't know! Shit! Let's just play it by ear. He may not know. He may just give me a ticket. I'm warning you, Thelma. You better drop it right now! I don't want to talk about it! I don't want to talk about it! Thelma, I'm not kidding! Don't you even... Thelma! Now, Thelma, that is not... What?! What about him?! What?! What? What's not funny, Thelma! What? Oh, Christ. I hate this guy. Look! Look who it is, Thelma. I'll be darned. What's he doin' way out here. Well, you got it now. Gosh. It sure is. Well, now, maybe you won't have to. I can see that. Yeah. Those. That always put the fear of God in me. What about you? Those, too, but you know those little hairy ones? Those flat-faced little fuckers with those ugly goddamned teeth? You know those little dogs you see people with? I guess I always thought the worst thing that could happen would be to end up old and alone in some crummy apartment with one of those little dogs. You mean now or before? Yeah. Oh, I don't know, Thelma. I guess maybe we could turn ourselves in and spend our lives trading cigarettes for mascara so we can look nice when our families come to visit us on Saturdays. Maybe we could have children with the prison guards. Now what what? Oklahoma, Thelma. We're crossing into New Mexico. Just past Boise City. Just stop talkin' to people, Thelma! Stop bein' so open! We're fugitives now. Let's behave that way! Why not?! What's he got to lose? Other than my life's savings, that is. Shit! You told that thievin' little shit where we were goin'?! How'd they find out we're going to Mexico, Thelma, how they know that? That J.D. kid is a little shit. Fill her up. There's a phone right over there. Besides, what do we say about the robbery? No excuse for that. No such thing as justifiable robbery. No physical evidence. We can't prove he did it. We probably can't even prove he touched you by now. It won't work. But it wasn't! We got away! We were walkin' away! Oh, come on! Murder one and armed robbery, Thelma! To find out if he knows anything. If you think he does, you gotta hang up because it means the police have told him and the phone is probably tapped. I want you to call Darryl. Thelma. They think we like it. Maybe they think it turns us on. Litterbug. So what's the plan, Thelma? You just gonna stay drunk? You're disturbed. You think you've found your calling? No we shouldn't, but I want to put some distance between us and the scene of our last Goddamn crime! For the first time in my life, I wish this car wasn't green. Holy shit. Okay. Shit, Thelma! What'd you do? I mean, what did you say? Oh shit, Thelma!! Shit! Shit! Shit! What happened? No. Eighty-eight dollars ain't gonna make a dent, baby girl. You left that guy alone in the room? I'm sorry. I am happy. I'm very happy for you. I'm glad you had a good time. It's about time. Where is he now? Thelma, please get a hold of yourself. You're making a spectacle. Oh, Thelma. Oh, no. I don't think I wanna hear what you're gonna tell me. Yes, now that you mention it. You seem crazy. Like you're on drugs. What's wrong with you? What happened to your hair? Have another drink, Thelma. How do I look? Put a lid on it, Thelma! It's hard enough as it is. Just let me get this part over with. Now stay here and guard the money. If there's any problem I'm in room 115. I didn't ask him to come! It's like I said, Thelma, he just loves the chase. Nothing. I'm not gonna tell him a thing. The least I can do is not make him an accessory any more than he already is. He's always got it bad as long as I'm running in the other direction. Don't be fooled, he's no different than any other guy. He knows how to chase and that's it. Once he's caught you, he don't know what to do. So he runs away. Thelma kinda took to him. He's a real piece o' work. I wish you could meet him. That's puttin' it mildly. He's got a lot to be proud of. Thelma! I'm not gonna talk about this! Now find another way or give me the goddamn map and I will! You understand? You know how I feel about Texas... We're not going that way. I don't want to go that way. Find a way that we don't have to go through Texas. I'm sorry. I'm just not in the mood for company right now. Here. Take this map. I need you to find all the secondary roads to Mexico from Oklahoma City. I think we should stay off the interstates. We're too conspicuous. What did Darryl say? It's probably not a good idea. I don't know. I won't be. Call him. Don't tell him anything. Tell him you're having a wonderful time and you'll be home tomorrow night. Don't you fall apart on me. Goddamnit, Thelma. Every time we get in trouble, you go blank or plead insanity or some such shit, and this time... Not this time. Everything's changed now... Now you can do whatever you want, but I'm going to Mexico. I'm going. Are you coming with me? Thelma, I'm going to Mexico. I think I can make it in two and a half days, but I'm going to have to haul ass. Are you up to this? I mean, I have to know. This isn't a game. I'm in deep shit. I gotta know what you're gonna do. I don't think Darryl is mature enough to conduct an affair. I've been tellin' you that for the last ten years. No, I didn't tell him. And that's something we gotta get straight. Darryl's been callin', mad as a hornet, makin' all kinds of noise. When you talk to him, you cannot say anything about this. You gotta make sure everything sounds normal. Oklahoma City. Jimmy's gonna wire me some money, and then... I think better when I drive. Most people just cause me trouble, but that car always gets me out of it. You're not touchin' that car. Well, what's the big rush, Thelma? If we just give 'em some time, they'll come to us...! Oh Christ. I'm just not ready to go to jail yet. Why don't you go out to the pool or something and I'll figure it out... You could help me try and figure it out! I gotta figure out what to do, and you could try and help me. Why are you actin' like this? Just what the hell is wrong with you? Oh, I don't know. I'm just nervous. I gotta figure out what to do. Hmmm. We gotta get some money. We're gonna go to the next town and stop. We'll get a motel room. I can rest for a while and then figure out how to get some money. We're gonna need money. Thelma. How much money do you have with you? It means shut up, Thelma. If you weren't so concerned with having a good time, we wouldn't be here right now. We have to think this through. We have to be smart. Now is not the time to panic. If we panic now, we're done for. Nobody saw it. Nobody knows it was us. We're still okay. Now all we have to do is just figure out our next move. It means you don't talk to anybody. You don't draw attention to yourself in any way. Do you understand that? We gotta be inconspicuous. Do you know what that means? Only about a hundred people saw you cheek to goddamn cheek with him all night, Thelma! Who's gonna believe that?! We just don't live in that kind of world. Pull over! Which part? Tell them what?! What, Thelma? What do you think we should tell them? I don't know, Thelma! I don't know! Just shut up a minute so I can think. West. Left. Get the car! Get the car. Thelma, I'm gonna hit the little girls' room, and then we gotta hit the road. Exactly. Why don't you ditch that loser husband of yours? I wonder if Jimmy's gotten back. Givin' him a taste of his own medicine. Asshole. Maybe. Can't you tell when somebody's hittin' on you? Alright... I changed my mind. I'll have a margarita with and a shot of Cuervo on the side, please. I just haven't seen you like this in a while. I'm used to seeing you more sedate. Thelma! I haven't seen a place like this since I left Texas. We've not gonna get to the cabin till after dark as it is, Thelma. Another hour of so. We've got enough food for a month. Aw, shit, Thelma, he's gonna kill you. How come he let you go? It's Bob's, the day manager's. He's gettin' a divorce, so his wife's gettin' this place, so he's just lettin' all his friends use it till he has to turn over the keys. Oh yeah, sure, Thelma, that lantern will come in real handy. Maybe we could tow your car behind, in case he steals the spark plugs. In case of what? We don't need the lantern. The place has electricity. Neither do I, Thelma, but Darryl does it, how hard can it be? I'll see you later. Be ready. And steal Darryl's fishin' stuff. I don't know. Warm stuff, I guess. It's the mountains. I guess it gets cold at night. I'm just gonna bring everything. You're kiddin'! Alright! I'll be there around two or three. Not this weekend, sweetie, she's runnin' away with me. Hi. What'd he say? No, I'm callin' from the Playboy Mansion. You mean you haven't asked him yet? For Christ sake, Thelma, is he your husband or your father? It's just two days. For God's sake, Thelma. Don't be a child. Just tell him you're goin' with me, for cryin' out loud. Tell him I'm havin' a nervous breakdown. Are you going to apologize or not? Say you're sorry. You got that right. You know good and damn well what I'm talkin' about. We been seein' you all along the way.Go fuck yourself. Darryl. ... only for one day and we'll be back tomorrow night. 'Bye, honey. I won't wait up. Funny how so many people wanna buy carpet on a Friday night. You'd almost think they's want to forget about it for the weekend. You want anything special for dinner? Hon? Have a good day at work today. Hon. I'm sorry, Doll, I just didn't want you to be late. Don't hurt me. Harlan. Please. Stop it! Goddamnit, I mean it! Louise is gonna wonder where I am. Let go! Don't. I'm married. I don't feel good. I've been sick. I guess I'm startin' to feel a little better. I'm spinning. Stop. Oh shit. Your name's Harlan? I got an uncle named Harlan! You're kinda the best thing that's happened to me in a long time. And smooth, boy, you are smooth. God. You're a real live outlaw! Tell me. No, I mean how would you do it? Do you just sneak in real fast or hide out till the store closes or what? How? What? You're a bank robber? What did ya do? What?! Parole officer? You mean you're a criminal? J.D.! Just tell me. I know you're not some schoolboy. Now come on, nobody ever tells me shit. She's off with Jimmy, that's her boyfriend. Well, you wanna use the shower? I don't know. Nothin'. Took a shower. Wait...! Um, where ya going? Louise, is that you? This is J.D. He's a student. We're just givin' him a ride to... to here. Louise said we could bring him here and then he'd have to go. And that's what he's doin'. He's goin'. Aren't you, J.D.? It's okay. He is an asshole. Most of the time I just let it slide. Twenty-four isn't young. I'd already been goin' out with him ten years when we got married. I've never been with anybody but Darryl. Darryl, that's my husband, he says he's not ready. He's still too much of a kid himself. He prides himself on being infantile. So J.D., what are you studying in school? A regular outlaw. Don't mind me, Jimmy, I'm just a wild woman. Good answer. Same goes double for me. Jimmy! Hello, stranger. What in the world are you doin' here? You're a good friend. Go. Then let's not get caught. Now what? God! It looks like the Army! Isn't it beautiful?!! What in the hell is it?! Way up ahead! What in the hell is that up there? Louise! I guess everything we've got to lose is already gone anyway. I guess everything from here on in is going to be pretty shitty. I guess I went a little crazy, huh? You're a good friend. Louise... no matter what happens, I'm glad I came with you. I know this whole thing was my fault. I know it is. Why? Oh. What?! Did you see that guy?! He was right in the middle of the road! How long do you think that'll take? How far are we from Mexico? I guess we shoulda made some kinda plan for what to do if we get caught. Yup. What? Hey. Where'd you learn to shoot like that? Does that mean suck my dick? I mean really! That business with your tongue. What is that? That's disgusting! Pass him! Oh my God! Louise! Look! Look! See if that's him! You're drivin'. It'd have to be pretty good. I wanna get a job. I wanna work at Club Med. We can change our names. Wide awake. I don't remember ever feelin' this awake. Everything looks different. You know what I mean. I know you know what I mean. Everything looks new. Do you feel like that? Like you've got something to look forward to? Me too. I feel awake. You awake? No. Louise, do you think we should change cars, get another car? Gosh, didn't he say anything positive at all? Eeuww. But I don't know... something's crossed over in me and I can't go back. I mean, I just couldn't live... I can understand if you're thinkin' about it. I mean, in a way, you've got something to go back for. I mean Jimmy and everything. You're not gonna make some deal with that guy, are you? I mean, I just wanna know. You're not gonna give up on me, are ya? Louise? No, Louise, you said the first part. I said all the rest. That guy was hurtin' me. And if you hadn't come out when you did, he'd a hurt me a lot worse. And probably nothin' woulda happened to him. 'Cause everybody did see me dancin' with him all night. And they woulda made out like I asked for it. And my life woulda been ruined a whole lot worse than it is now. At least now I'm havin' fun. And I'm not sorry the son of a bitch is dead. I'm only sorry that it was you that did it and not me. And if I haven't, I wanna take this time to thank you, Louise. Thank you for savin' my ass. Nobody would believe us. We'd still get in trouble. We'd still have our lives ruined. And you know what else? You know why. You already said. Are you alright? Yeah, you want it? Okay, okay... I've got some tequila. You want some tequila? It's good. It's what the pioneers ate. Just asking. Louise... are we still going to Mexico? I know it's crazy, Louise, but I just feel like I've got a knack for this shit. Hit it. Sorry! Shoot the radio! I swear, before yesterday, neither one of us would have ever pulled a stunt like this. But if you ever met my husband, you'd know why I just can... You wanna step out of the car, please? You wanna put your hands on your head, please? Louise, shoot the radio. I told you to slow down. Hell, Officer, I told her to slow down. Please, God, please don't let us get caught. Please, please, please... What do we do? What do you want to do?! Okay, Louise... It's okay. ... in Texas... didn't it? That's what happened... Oh my God. Suck my dick... Boom!! Boy, he wasn't expectin' that! Just the look on his face when you... ... it's not funny. Harlan. Nothing. It's not funny. We should have just ignored him. Just ignore him. I always wanted to travel. I just never got the opportunity. This is so beautiful. Always lookin' on the bright side, aren't ya? I mean, look how different he looks just since high school. It's bad enough I have to get old, but doin' it with Darryl around is only gonna make it worse. I mean, I don't think he's gonna be very nice about it. Well, to be honest, the idea of getting old with Darryl was kinda startin' to get to me. Oh yeah. You mean Peek-a-poos. Like a Chihuahua? What little dogs? Before. Of all the things in the world that scare you, what's the worst thing that scares you the most? Can I ask you kind of a weird question? I'm not suggestin' that! I'm not goin' back. No matter what happens. So don't worry about me. Whaddo we do? Now what? I always wanted to see New Mexico. Idaho? Louise? Where are we? You're right. I just told him if he ever gets to Mexico to look us up. I asked him not to tell. I didn't think he would tell anybody. I... I... What. Let's get it over with. Alright, Louise! Why not?! They don't know that! It was just you and me there. I'll say he raped me and you had to shoot him! I mean, it's almost the truth! Murder one! God, Louise, can't we even say it was self-defense? Jeez, Louise, tapped the phone? You think so? What for? Yeah. Ugh!! Why do they have to do that? Try to. Yes! I believe I am! Maybe. Maybe. The call of the wild! Oooooweee!! You shoulda seen me! Like I'd been doin' it all my life! Nobody would ever believe it. Are you sure we should be driving like this? In broad daylight and everything? Lemme see the map. Well, I just... Now you get a grip, Louise! Just drive us to Goddamn Mexico, will ya! I'm sorry. Well, we need the money. Now we have it. Drive! Drive away! Don't worry about it. You want anything? Taking a shower. You know, Louise, you're supposed to be my best friend. You could at least be a little bit happy for me. You could at least pretend to be slightly happy that for once in my life I have a sexual experience that isn't completely disgusting. I mean I finally understand what all the fuss is about. This is just a whole 'nother ball game! Well, I'm not on drugs. But I might be crazy. Nothing. Why? Do I seem different? Nothing. It got messed up. You're a vision, Louise, a goddamn vision of loveliness, you always are. I won't wait up. Well boy, he's got his work cut out for him now, don't he? You are so sweet to that guy, you really are. Imagine not wanting to drag him into this. He is a lucky man. So what are you gonna tell him? I heard that. I don't care what you say about him. The boy has got it bad. Yup. That's him goin'. I love to watch him go. She thinks he's a pig. Louise and Darryl don't get along. No, Louise. How come you never said what happened? I know, Louise, but we're running for our lives! Don't you think you could make an exception just this once?! I mean, look at the map. The only thing between Oklahoma and Mexico is Texas! Wait. What? You want to go to Mexico from Oklahoma and you don't want to go through Texas? Well, it looks like we can get on this road 81 that heads down towards Dallas, then cut over to... I just don't see what it would hurt just to give somebody a ride. Did you see his butt? Darryl doesn't have a cute butt. You could park a car in the shadow of his ass. He said "Okay, Thelma. I just wanted to know you were alright. I hope you're havin' a good time. You sure deserve one after puttin' up with me all the time. I love you, honey." I wish we could've brought him with us. Louise. Louise, this young man is on his way back to school and needs a ride, and I thought since... Will I be? Call him? I... I don't know. I don't know what you're askin' me. But you think he fools around. Do you think Darryl's having an affair? I called the asshole at 4:00 in the morning and he wasn't even home. I don't know what he's got to be mad about. I'm the one who should be mad. You talked to him?! Is he mad? Did you tell him? Don't get mad, Louise, but where are we going? Did you finish thinking? My stuff's in the trunk! God! You care more about that car than you do about most people. Give me the keys. I suggested we go to the police, but you didn't like that; so, frankly, Louise, I'm all out of ideas. Actin' like what?! How am I supposed to act? 'Scuse me for not knowing what to do after you blow somebody's head off! What do you mean? Well, when you figure it out, wake me up. I'm cash poor. What? Oh, I don't know. Let me look. So this is all my fault, is it. Just what is that supposed to mean? Our next move? I'll say one thing, Louise. This is some vacation. I sure am having a good time. This is real fun. Yes. All of it. That he tried to rape me. I don't know. Just tell 'em what happened. Shouldn't we go to the cops? I mean, I think we should tell the police. Louise. Where are we going? Shit! I... I, which way? Jesus Christ! Louise, you shot him. Oh my God. Ready when you are. In the meantime, you said we were gonna have some fun. So let's have some! Why don't you tell him to just to get lost once and for all? I'm sorry, Louise. I know you're all upset. It's just I'm so excited to be out of the house, I guess. I wonder if Darryl's home yet. So, Jimmy still hasn't called yet? Well, just relax, will ya. You're makin' me nervous. So what if he was? It's all your years of waitin' tables has made you jaded, that's all. Jeez, Louise, that wasn't very nice. Yeah! Well, I've had it up to my ass with sedate! You said you and me was gonna get outta town and, for once, just really let our hair down. Well, darlin,' look out 'cause my hair is comin' down! Tell me somethin'. Is this my vacation or isn't it? I mean, God, you're as bad as Darryl. Isn't this fun? Then what difference does it make if we stop? Come on. I never get to do stuff like this. I'll never make it... Can't we stop just for a few minutes... How much longer is it gonna be? I'm hungry. Well, he has never let me go. He never lets me do one goddamn thing that's any fun. All he wants me to do is hang around the house the whole time while he's out doing God only knows what. 'Cause I didn't ask him. I've never had the chance to go out of town without Darryl. Whose place is this again? We'd have to. That thing barely makes it down the driveway. In case there's some escaped psycho killer on the loose, who cuts the electricity off and tries to come in and kill us. I wanna take it anyway. Just in case. I don't know how to fish, Louise. Okay. I will, too. What kind of stuff do I bring? What time are you gonna pick me up? I'll call you right back. He already thinks you're out of your mind, Louise, that don't carry much weight with Darryl. Are you at work? Well, wait now. I still have to ask Darryl if I can go. Damn. I hate that! I hate bein' called a beaver, don't you? You probably even called us beavers on your CB radio, didn't you? Where you goin'? We're fine! How are you? Hi!And my input was mostly... EDITORIAL, really, when he'd been drinking- Barton, honestly, only the last couple- Barton! Barton, I think we should concentrate on OUR little project- Well, Bill was ALWAYS the author, so to speak- Before what? Well, the basic ideas were frequently his- Well... THIS. Well, usually, they're... simply morality tales. There's a good wrestler, and a bad wrestler whom he confronts at the end. In between, the good wrestler has a love interest or a child he has to protect. Bill would usually make the good wrestler a backwoods type, or a convict. And sometimes, instead of a waif, he'd have the wrestler protecting an idiot manchild. The studio always hated that. Oh, some of the scripts were so... spirited! Yes, I'm afraid I have. It's alright, Barton. You don't have to write actual scenes? Oh, he's... he drifted off. He'll sleep for a while now. What is it you have to do, exactly? Now that's all right, Barton. Everything'll be all right. Hello, Barton. If I can. He gets jealous; he- ...Who is this? Hello. Barton. Empathy requires... understanding. He'll wander back when he's sober and apologize. He always does. No, sometimes he just... well, he thinks about Estelle. His wife still lives in Fayettesville. She's... disturbed. ...Oh Barton, I feel so... sorry for him! Let him go. ...I know this must look... funny. Barton. You see, Barton, I'm not just Bill's secretary � Bill and I are... I love. We- Perhaps the three of us, Mr. Fink. I'll tell Bill you dropped by. I'm sure he'll want to reschedule your appointment. I'll be fine... Are you a writer, Mr Fink? I am sorry, it's so embarassing. He will be... When he can't write, he drinks. I'll try to slip out. If he quiets down, passes out... I'm afraid he thinks � well, he said you were a buffoon, Barton. He becomes irrational� All right Barton, I'll see if I can slip away- Barton, I'm afraid it's not a good time- Stop it, Bill! Not anything, Bill. Don't test me. Bill � That doesn't help anything, Bill. That's hamburger grease, Bill.Hey? What did I tell you? Why don't you come? It's just dinner. You'll have something to tell your mother next time she calls. The nails!! Watch the nails!!... Listen, you still have to eat. Yeah! You know, let me tell you something! I'm not that kind of person. I don't do people favors. If I talk to you it's because I want to. So we're not all ...uh...Jerri Hall...Big deal... What a boring world if we were. You do the best you can with what you got. You're not so so invisible, ya know... You want make an impression? Try this; you can be a real bitch. That's not true...You gotta ease up... Conversations have a life of their own. You gotta just go with it...We're having a lovely conversation. I don't understand you. What is the problem? I can't believe you lived with her for that long. If I had to live with my mother, I'd stab myself six times. It's a disgusting process. You haven't missed anything. Tell me about it. I've been dating longer than I've been driving. I can't believe that. What? Fine. Well, don't say it like that. It's not so...ya know, crazy an idea. You are a healthy woman... You hold a steady job. Ya not crossed eyed or anything... ...SO...anybody special in your life? It's an awful thing, let me tell you. My Aunt used to say, "divorce is the sister-in-law of death". ...So he says to me, "you'll never find another man like me"...I said, "please, men like you have one hand on their dicks and the other hand on their mother's leg... I said, there's the door - take a trip. That all depends on you. ...Sure you don't want a drink? Can I get you anything...coffee... tea...a little tequilla? Ah... I do them myself. I used to work in a beauty parlor. Yes! They'll be in soon. You know, I think I... ordered some just the other day. Yeah. This will last you one year after which you have the option to renew if... you like at a membership discount. Huh...the restaurant's just around the corner here... What are you, out of your mind ! Most men are. You're surprised !... But I guess I just never met the right guy. Whatta gonna do? Jack, he's starting a conversation... I mean, I've gone out with bums, but they were gorgeous. It's the only reason to go out with a bum. Getting your nails done is one thing but going to dinner with a bunch of strangers and him ... She didn't even look at him. Huh-huh....You son of a bitch! Terrific. Going on alot of dates ... seeing lots of men... lots of dates.. Well! What do you want me to do - applaud? Oh yeah? What did I get? What did I get I couldn't've gotten from somebody with no name any night of the week? You think your company is such a treat? Your moods, your... "pain", your problems... You think you're entertaining? What have you been doing here! Huh ! I wanna know ! What have you been doing here ?! Bullshit! If you're going to hurt me, you hurt me now -- not some long... drawn out hurt that takes weeks of my life because you don't have the balls! You can't even give me that?! What were you gonna do, Jack?... Just gonna organize your life... ... walk out that door, move in by yourself and what -- drop the news when you find somebody else? What were you planning to do, Jack? No. So what time do you need? I love you -- you love me -- you want to get your career going, great! I'd like to be a part of it -- I think I deserve that! So what do you need to figure out alone!? First of all, let me tell you something -- you don't know shit. Second of all, as far as we go, what time do you need? What have we been doing here, except time ? Have I ever... ever pressured you!? Slowed things down? Where have I been? Have we been going fast!? You want to talk? Come on, Jack... Did I cross the line by mentioning the future or what? "I'm an incredible woman?" What is this, a death sentence? ... What?... You don't want to commute? ... I would love to start looking at least. You know, maybe a two bedroom or even, maybe the top floor of a house -- like in Brooklyn or Staten Island... Ya know, I'm thinkin' -- with another income coming in, I would love to get a bigger place. It's so great to see you like this, honey... I can't tell you. You made coffee?... You're going back to work and you made coffee?... I love this! Whoah ! Oh, honey, that's terrific! You're kidding! What did he say? So what's going on? Who's Lou again? Well...I think you should feel very proud. You did a real nice thing for somebody else. I'm very proud. Who's knows. My Aunt Marge used to say, "some matches are made in heaven, some are made in hell and some are made in hardware stores". I think they're made for each other. And it scares me. What are you two up to? Thank you very much. I don't know... He's a little disgusting... Although some women go for that. Hello....congratulations. Well, what the hell does that mean? What does that mean? Don't treat me like I'm stupid. It pisses me off. What? The curse'll be lifted? Will you please ! And who's Lydia? The moron? ... I don't get a friggin' phone call. You stroll in here at noon. I got... two people out sick. Ya think I need this? I Do Not Need This! You're calling Lydia in my office. You must think I'm some dope. You fuckin' bastard... You... ... stay out all night long... Lydia?! Lydia who!? Can I have my desk please. You didn't kill anybody. Stop. Oh stop. Things will change. My Aunt Mary always said, there's a remedy for everything in this world except death and having no class. Oh, I got a pimple... This stuff is supposed to blend with my skin color... Like it really works, ya know... Oh sure... Gotta believe in God. But I don't think God made man in his own image. No. 'Cause most of... the bullshit that happens, is because of men. No, I think man was made out of the devil's image and women were created out of God -- because women can have babies which is sorta like creating, and which also explains why women are attracted to men, because, lets face it, the devil is a helluva lot more interesting -- I slept with a few saints and let me tell you... Booooorring !!!... And so the whole point of life, I think, is for men and women to get married so the devil and God can live together and, ya know -- work it out... ... Not that we have to get married. Oh, I used to be such a Catholic. Okay. ... I love you... Please... before you go on... let me tawk... okay... We've had a wonderful time together... When we first met, you said this wasn't serious and I shouldn't get serious and then you moved in and we haven't been serious. And I just wanna say that I have no regrets. None. And don't wanna have any now so I want ya to be up front with me... I want the truth. If you're seein' somebody else, let me know... You don't have to pour gasoline on yourself and light a match just to break up with me. Just tell me the truth. ... So... where did you sleep last night? You're all right... you sure... You were attacked. My God. Should I call a doctor! Did you call the police... Oh my God ... What did they do ! My God !!! What ! I can't tell you how distraught I was. All night long. What the hell happened? I smell gas... Do you smell gas... It happens to be a beautiful love story. Ya know, you used to like that about me. You used to say you liked that I didn't make you think so much. That we could be together and not think... Then why the hell do we watch all the time? Well, it's funny! Whatta want from me? Why don't you go upstairs... take the day off. All right?...I'll cook tonight. Are you in a mood today baby? Is this one of those days when you're in ...whadda call it... an emotional abyss? Talk to me, cause I don't understand these moods.No really..I can't. Oh, no..I have to get home... Really? I'm paying you. I don't feel like I make any impression on people... At office parties I spend my time re-arranging the hors d'oeuvres as people eat them, so the platters will always look full. I don't start conversations because I have no idea how to end them...I think I'm just meant to live in the background of things. I think some people are meant to be alone. Maybe I was a man in a former life and I used women for pleasure so now I'm paying for it - which would be fine, if I could just remember some of the pleasure parts... ...My mother calls every week. Like a recurring nightmare. "So, have you met anyone?"..."No mom".. "So what's going to happen?"... "I don't know Mom"... I only thank God I moved out. I never really...went through a... dating period. Meeting ... people. I mean, it's not easy in this day and age. Well, there's nobody special! Do I look like I have someone special? My parents were divorced. You threw him out? Will it hurt? No, thank you. I've never been in an apartment above a store. You always pass them on the street but you never think anyone really lives in them. I like your nails. Where did you get them done? Well, I guess I'll come back then. Well did you or didn't you? But now it's free, right? Okay... twenty dollars... When can you... How much? Free? Now what? So how do we do this? Hello. My name is Lydia Sinclair. Did Phyllis in accounting tell you to call me? Well, I mean... I don't know you... This has never... I've never won anything and... I don't have a VCR. Well -- were there a lot of people in the room or just you or what? Well, I don't understand. What did you do -- did you pick my name out of a hat or... or... a list? Which ones? Huh-huh. Yes. Yeah? Who is this? Shhh... You have a disease. Divorced. You're married. Oh... You mean you don't want to. Listen, you're very nice... b... Listen, I'm not feeling well. And then we'll exchange phone numbers and you'll leave and never call and I'll go to work and feel great for the first hour and then slowly turn into a piece of dirt by lunch. Why am I putting myself through this? It was very nice... uh meeting you. Good night.. ... and then we'll probably have a drink and talk and get comfortable with each other and... and we'll... then you'll sleep over and then in the morning... ... you'll be distant and you won't be... able to stay for breakfast... you'll just have some coffee maybe... Well... you're walking me home. I... I guess you're sort of... attracted to me and you'll want to come upstairs for... coffee... I mean you don't have to say nice things to me... That kind of thing is a little old fashioned for what we're about to do. You don't have to say that. No, really..believe me - there isn't any more. This is it. There isn't any more to tell. What do you do - for a living I mean? How do you know him? We mostly publish trashy romance novels. Why does it sound exciting? There's absolutely nothing exciting about it. ...I..uh..I get to read some of the books but mostly I..just calculate production costs from first edition hard cover publication to paperback. After paperback it's basically someone else's problem. What a gyp. Got any Ethel Merman? I don't like... uh... Polish love stories... ... I like musicals. I don't like horror movies! Oh...like Moses. Parry Parry?Guards come exactly every three minutes.... Gum. It doesn't have to be. Everybody knows that if you mess with the Kremlin, you'll end up in a Siberian gulag eating your own fingernails. That was beautiful. Hudson, God's given you a gift for cat burglary, you can t just... Something like that. Oh thank God, you're dead... I know, I know, your Eminence, just say "God go with me." I'm going to find out. You got it. Operation Deflower Mayflower is a bad joke and I'm the punchline. I thought we were using the CIA to help us to get Mayflower, but really the CIA was using me to keep us away from Mayflower. A little petting is not the issue! He came into a world where crime is a legitimate business tactic and a legitimate government procedure. But he knew Right and Wrong. Oh, and we kind of messed around... I betrayed a man. A good man. An innocent man. A thief. Yeah. The big E. That's the best kind. A wise woman once said "Polite conversation is rarely either." No, your Eminence. I think he's going to steal the Codex, as early as next week. Hudson, I'm afraid I'm sticking with God. But you're a close second, tough guy. What is that smile? Holy sh-h--things are going to get very interesting, very fast. Da Vinci would be proud of you. Wha -- you don't want to know... Da Vinci made the real directions in a secret script that I decoded. The way the machine is running now, the gold will produce too quickly, clog, and the machine will shut itself down. Isn't it wonderful? Trust Leonardo.... Oh Hudson, I'm a sister of the Catholic church as well as an agent. Oh Hudson... Uh, yeah. Guess I'm a wee bit nervous. I'm sorry I could only score clergy passports. You re not "some guy" anymore, Hudson. Right now, you're the only guy. Without your help, I.... It's that kind of selfish attitude that... It's from the machine. All they need is the crystal to run it and they have 2/3 of it already. We can't let that happen. Where did you get this? I-work-for-a-covert-Vatican-humanitarian- organization. The-CIA-made-a-fool-of-me. I-care-for-you... Hudson, don't you understand... Oh, I must have put too much ethyl-chloride in it. The C.I. what? God, no... For two years, I've been tracking the Mayflowers' peculiar interest in three Da Vinci pieces. Their Sforza replica was as fake as the "gas leak" that supposedly destroyed it. What are your plans for the weekend? Hoisting away the Colosseum? Tell me, did the devil make you do it or did Darwin and Minerva Mayflower? You really went and did it. With one day, not even a day, of planning, you did it. Nobody does it better, Hudson. You started the week stealing the Sforza and you ended it swiping the Codex. Somebody robbed the Vatican. It's also been a long time for me. I-- I'm sorry. I can't. I.... Oh, I'm so sorry... What have you been doing? Wow, you were "in the joint." "Doing hard time." It's funny, but that excites me. I seem to have a thing for sinners. How long were you in? Prison? Oh Hudson, I was worried you weren't going to drop by.... Secret passageways don't mean as much as they used to. There's a place two blocks east of here. Enzo's. Say 10:30. I'll bring my entire repertoire... I don't steal stuffed elephants from little girls. And I buy my own clothes. My life's a little boring... Actually I wrote it. It's a good sentence. It can apply to people. Nice. But right out of our brochure. Delivers up to ten at night. The Pope has an obsession with his Easter Seals. It's actually not that an unusual set-up. The secret passageway on the other hand.... Sure Hudson. Are you going to tell me why you did that back there or are you going to blame it on Dumbo? Come on, this stuff will knock you out. Have you ever had the feeling you were being followed, Mr. Bond. Question, sir? His untiring pen predicted the airplane, the submarine, the bicycle, the helicopter, and even the tank. As you know, the Da Vinci Codex, has lived in the Vatican for centuries and will continue to live here for centuries more. Tough guy. What are you--How's your head. Thanks tough guy, thanks a lot. Why was the guard chasing you? No, I meant you didn't have to tackle me and rip my dress. A polite push, perhaps? A clear shout of "watch out, Anna" would have done nicely... My God, that was bold of you, you didn't have to do that... Fantastic. Perfection. The Vatican extends its jealousy to the lucky bidder. Cat got his tongue? Oh Lord.... the only reason I ask is that Hudson, uh, Mr. Hawk, Hawkins, had some "neat" things to say about Darwin, Minerva, and you. Basically that you're part of the same car pool. When the Mayflowers find out we have the Codex, they're going to want to make a deal...You're detestable. You're just doing your job. Not today, Burgel. Send one of your memos, write up one of your communiques, but for God's sake don't bother me today. Say what you like -- no one pays the least attention. I do. Always. You understand the world better than any of us, Kafka. And what it's becoming. I've always held you in the highest regard. I know better than you what people will say when they have to. When they brought me in for questioning I informed on my friends the very first day. I think you've just escaped for the moment. Just as I did. As Eduard did. As they let us do. But only for the moment. Why should I believe a man who never believed me? They're absolutely right, you know -- guilt should never be doubted. It's easier that way. I know there is. And you're what I have to bargain with. For now you're the last one in their way. I know how they reward failure. If they saw this I'd be rotting in the quarries by the afternoon -- with all the others. This is the result of their elixir of youth. They were to come and check on it during the night. I contrived to miss the appointment. Only two steps back? Even the man they left to guard me retreated further than that. Should I tell you why I joined our late lamented nihilists? Why I became a murderer? Because murder ... is bliss. It's easier than you might think to absorb and assimilate Evil -- once you've adopted its procedure. Over? It's only over when you can crawl to a clean little spot on earth where the sun sometimes shines and you can warm yourself a bit. I knew you walked this way to work. I wanted to find you before they did. What seems important to these people is not determined by the amount of work it entails -- you're far from understanding the authorities if you believe that. Or what if there really was an error? -- I don't know what kind -- any kind that needed correcting -- and what if Burgel was responsible for it? One mistake -- even a small one in a firm like ours -- it could cost him a promotion. And Burgel is the bringer of messages, isn't he? How often does one of our clerks have business in the house of records? Of course he is -- the Castle precincts are not the safest part of the city after dark. People disappear up there regularly. If you want to lie in wait for someone, that's the place to do it. He used to like me -- very much more than I liked him. Burgel hated Eduard. And me. I'm sure he knew about us -- and I'm sure it drove him mad. It's still easier for you to understand suicide, isn't it. You might think -- I thought so myself at first -- that Burgel's too insignificant to be dangerous. But that's the very reason to beware! It's the small men to watch out for -- the ones who substitute method for character. I wouldn't put it past him. Of course it could -- Burgel's been trying to get me thrown out as long as I can remember. He could've killed Eduard. They're not obliged to tell. Burgel! -- I didn't leave it with him. I'm collecting Eduard's things. If there's anything you want, take it or I'll give it to charity. Yes -- which is why "quiet, dependable people" have to take charge of their own lives. You think what we're doing is so wrong? And what are you doing? Pursuing goodness? For what? To answer to some supreme tribunal? When you only see someone sitting at a desk all day, it's liable to create a false impression. You're shocked at the thought of Eduard tossing a bomb through a window. He was murdered. He was summoned to help correct a minor discrepancy of some sort in the Medical Records Division. Apparently one of his claims was relevant. The day he died, Eduard was called up to the Castle. Did you know that? You strike me as a man with a defined notion of injustice -- a high concern for the lot of your fellow men. And yet you're able to remain an outsider. With the concomitant air of ... superiority? I nominated you as a possible candidate. You were Eduard's good friend. He read me some of your work. They're ubiquitous. What we try to do ... is make them a little less so. You won't have any trouble finding it. I'm suspicious of men who want to marry. I believe they think it's the only thing that will make them equal to their fathers. Eduard wanted to marry me. You almost married recently, didn't you? There are some people I'd like you to meet. Can you come to the Musil district at eight o'clock? Are you free tonight? The very fact that they're authorities should give you reason. People will do anything to protect their own interests. For all you know he was killed at the hands of the police. And you believe everything the authorities tell you. Do you think people in the New Town care what happens over here? This will always be the ghetto. Eduard didn't see it as something that needed bearing. Two or three months, that's all. -- I seduced him. As long as it's on their terms. If your work and your private life don't correspond to their specifications you're labelled a dangerous agitator -- with no recourse whatsoever. What's funny? It's not that we wanted to deceive anyone -- but you know how these things are looked upon at the office. What? He would have. You were his best friend. A better friend than me. I was having an affair with Eduard. He didn't tell you? Yes. Have you looked? Hello again. Excuse me, I have to copy this for Central Docketing by 2:30. One of you must be mistaken. Why would you suppose so? I know.Agent Mapp! Thank you! He knew her...! "- every day." But why? He didn't weight the others. Fredrica Bimmel, from Belvedere, Ohio. The first girl taken, but the third body found... Why? What girl? But there is no pattern. There's no connection at all among these places, or the computers would've nailed it! They're even found in random order. "Desperately random." What does he mean? He's here, Ardelia. The worst part - the thing that's making me crazy - is that Bill is right in front of me. Only I can't see him... Lecter said, everything I need to catch him is right here, in these pages... It would be rude. And he wouldn't get to ask any more questions... No. He won't come after me. Somebody's coaching her... They're trying to make him see Catherine as a person - not just an object. Boy, is that smart... Pleading with a crazy man, with come all over my face. Thanks, Ardelia. What'd I do? Never cock. Just squeeze. I will... I promise. Sometimes. I'll need the big fingerprint kit... and the one-to-one Polaroid, the CU- 5, with film packs and batteries. Where? Shut UP! The other officers will be here any minute! you're perfectly safe now! Catherine. Listen to me. I have to find a rope. I have to leave this room, just for a minute, but - I'll get you out! Just be quiet so I can hear. Shut that dog up. Is there a ladder? Is there a rope? You're all right! Where is he? FBI, Catherine, you're safe. Dr. Chilton, I told you - this is just routine follow-up on the Raspail case. But then I would've missed the pleasure of your company. Dr. Chilton - if Lecter feels you're his enemy - as you've said - then maybe I'll have more luck by myself. What do you think? I understand. I graduated magna from UVA, Doctor. It's not a charm school. How do you mean, Dr. Chilton? I'm sure it's a great town, Dr. Chilton, but my instructions are to talk to Lecter and report back this afternoon. But then he had to cover up, make her seem just like all the rest of them. That's what Lecter was hinting! Maybe he lives in this, this Belvedere, Ohio, too! Maybe he saw her every day, and killed her sort of spontaneously. Maybe he just meant to... give her a 7-Up and talk about the choir. But then - Yes sir. I can find it by myself. Sir, doesn't this "William Rubin" strike you as - I don't know - kind of vague? Mr. Krendler... Dr. Lecter trusts me. Or at least, he used to. If I could just - I need the ID to fly with my gun. The gun belongs in Quantico. Sir, Mr. Crawford instructed me - Not yet! - just wait for me. Maybe in about two seconds. Mr. Yow? Oh Mr. Yow...? It looks like somebody is sitting in this car. That wasn't me. Okay, Mr. Yow... Good idea. Mr. Yow, if this door should fall down -ha ha! - or anything else - would you be kind enough to call this number? It's our Baltimore field office. They know you're here with me... Do you understand? I won't disturb anything, Mr. Yow, I promise. Be gone before you know it. Did she leave any records here? Tax or business records? Maybe a list of employees? Mr. Gordon, did you take over this place after Mrs. Lippman died? I think we may be, yes. Thanks. Mr. Gordon, did you know Fredrica when she worked for Mrs. Lippman? I'm investigating the death of Fredrica Bimmel. Who are you, please? Excuse me, but I really do need to talk to you. This was Mrs. Lippman's house. Did you know her? Yes sir. Thank you, sir... Yes sir... I'll do my best. Chicago's only about 400 miles from here. I could be there in - Sewing... Sir, that's great news. But how - Where? That's why they're all so big - because he needs a lot of skin! He keeps them alive to starve them awhile - to loosen their skin, so that - He's making himself a "woman suit," Mr. Crawford - out of real women! And he can sew, this guy, he's really skilled. A dressmaker, or a tailor - He's going to kill her, Mr. Crawford. This morning, or maybe at noon, but today, and Belvedere's our last chance. I'm flying there, right now, unless you stop me. You want my ID? Here - take it... But I just became a private citizen. I can go anywhere I want to. But not from this angle. Not thinking he knew her. You've got to send me! You do until six p.m. All his victims are women... His obsession is women, he lives to hunt women. But not one women is hunting him - except me. I can walk in a woman's room and know three times as much about her as a man would. I have to go to Belvedere. Mr. Crawford... can those cops down there handle Dr. Lecter? I lied to Lecter. I'll need some kind of peace offering... Can I get the drawings from his cell? Lecter is still the key, I know he is. Whatever he told me about Bill is just as good now as it was before. If you didn't want me chasing him, you shouldn't have taken me to that funeral home. Are you in trouble over this, Mr. Crawford? Can Senator Martin do something to you? Chilton has killed her, hasn't he? That slimy little bastard! We were so close with Lecter - and now her last chance is gone. You'll back me up with some paperwork? Then I'll try. But wouldn't this have more weight coming from the Senator herself? Transfer to a new prison. With a view of trees, he said, or even water... Can we swing that? I think he means it, this time. I think he'll deal. But if he knew we have so little time - He's already offered to help... What would happen if we just showed our cards - asked him for Bill? Raspail was killed by the same man who's killing these girls. And Lecter knows him. Maybe even treated him... You think so, too, don't you? Or you'd never have sent me to that asylum. Then have the lab check Raspail's head. Dr. Lecter's patient - have them probe his soft-palette tissues... They'll find another cocoon. I'm wondering if he's done that before - placed a cocoon, or an insect. It would be easy to miss in an autopsy, especially with a floater... Can we check back on that? It matters, Mr. Crawford... Other cops know who you are. They look at you to see how to act... It matters. I don't know. I didn't see those on any of the other girls... Well, she's not local. Her ears are pierced three times each, and she's wearing green glitter nail polish. Looks like town to me... He starts this - buzzing in me, in my head. He makes me feel violated... You used me, Mr. Crawford. You knew. You knew from the start that Lecter held the key to this... But you weren't up front with me. You sent me in to him naked. You haven't said a word today about that garage. Or what I found there. Like I have a "knack" for Dr. Lecter? He's got a real taste for it now. And he's getting better at his work. What he does with them - takes privacy... Time, tools... He's in his 30's or 40's - he's got real physical strength, but combined with an older man's self-control. He's cautious, precise, never impulsive... This won't end in suicide, like they often do. He's a white male... Serial killers tend to hunt within their own ethnic group. And he's not a drifter - he's got his own house, somewhere. Not an apartment. There's no correlation at all between where they're kidnapped and where they're found...? What if - what if you trace the heaviest-traffic routes backwards from the dump sites? Do they converge at all? I'm here, sir, I just - I don't know how to feel about it. Murdered...? How? Sir, what is it? There's something you're not telling me. To complete and file my report by 0800 Wednesday. But sir - Sir, that's a field job. It's outside the scope of my assignment. And I've got a test tomorrow on - I spent all evening on the mainframe. Lecter altered or destroyed most of his patient histories, prior to capture. No record of anyone named Mofet. But "Split City" sounded like it might have have something to do with divorce. I tracked it down in the library's catalogue of national yellow pages. It's a mini-storage facility outside Baltimore, where Lecter had his practice. Right down to the kleenex I used. Sir, why? Is something wrong? It's all there, sir, practically verbatim. And what is that, sir? Yes sir. Yes, well... Okay, right. I'm glad for the chance, sir, but - why me? Who's the subject? Not yet. I hope so. They haven't posted anything. Good morning, Mr. Crawford. Dr. Lecter... And there's no way - no natural way - these could've wound up in the bodies? Not lately. But maybe someday. I try to be a student, Dr. Pilcher. Sometimes you do. I think so. Where does Mrs. Lippman live? I'd like to talk to her. Did you ever work with her? Stacy, did Fredrica ever mention a man named Jamie Gumb? Or John Grant? Do you think she could've had a friend you didn't know about? You know I can't make that promise. Dr. Lecter - Starling. Yes. I'll tell you. Tell me his name, Dr. Lecter. Yes! I don't know...! I don't know. Yes... I didn't get more than a few miles before the sheriff's car found me. The rancher was so angry he sent me to live at the Lutheran orphanage in Bozeman. I never saw the ranch again... I don't know. I had no food or water. It was very cold. I thought - if I can even save just one... but he got so heavy. So heavy... I took one lamb. And I ran away, as fast as I could... No. First I tried to free them... I opened the gate of their pen - but they wouldn't run. They just stood there, confused. They wouldn't run... Yes...! They were screaming. Got dressed without turning on the light. I went downstairs... outside... I heard a strange sound... Early. Still dark. And - one morning I just - ran away... Later, listen, I'll - Dr. Lecter, when there's time I'll - All right, then tell me how - No. We just - Anger, social resentment, sexual frus- He kills w- Then tell me how. I think you were telling me the truth in Baltimore - or starting to. Tell me the rest now. Dr. Lecter, you find out everything. You couldn't have talked with this "William Rubin", even once, and come out knowing so little about him... You made him up, didn't you? Nobody sent me. I came on my own. I thought you might want your drawings back... Just until you get your view. Yes, Doctor. Please. How would he test? On what basis would they reject him? You said - I was very close to the way we'd catch him. No...! Quid pro quo, Doctor. No. I - ran away... Two months. Horses - and sheep... I went to live with my mother's cousin and her husband in Montana. They had a ranch. No. Tell me why. Dr. Lecter, there's no correlation in the literature between transsexualism and violence. Transsexuals are very passive. Quid pro quo, Doctor. No. He was strong, he lasted almost a month. My mother - died when I was very young, so my father had become - the whole world to me... After he left me, I had nobody. I was ten years old. He was a town marshal... one night he surprised two burglars, coming out the back of a drugstore... They shot him. The death of my father. Go, Doctor. That's just part of the island. It has a very nice beach. Terns nest there. A moth... How did you predict that? She had an insect deliberately inserted in her throat. That hasn't been made public yet. We don't know what is means. They all were. Yes. By the book, he's a sadist. I was your choice, Dr. Lecter. You chose to speak to me. Would you prefer someone else now? Or perhaps you don't think you can help us. Buffalo Bill...? Bill killed him, all those years ago...? That's impossible. Who killed your patient? Who killed Raspail, Doctor...? You know, don't you? I don't know. Is it? That doesn't interest me, Doctor. And it's the sort of thing Miggs would ask. I never thought about it. I don't know. Next time I'll have to check. Because you weren't wasting my time. Scared, at first. Then - exhilarated. Wouldn't it have been easier to just leave him for the police to find? If you didn't kill him, then who did? Why don't you tell me about "Miss Mofet?" You wanted me to find him. Or do I have to wait for the lab? Why? Do you know something about him? How did - It's nothing. A scratch. What's that, Dr. Lecter? Then please - do this test for me. And the questionnaire...? Reasonably so. Yes. You see a lot, Dr. Lecter. But are you strong enough to point that high- powered perception at yourself? How about it...? Look at yourself and write down the truth. Or maybe you're afraid to. No. I only hoped that your knowledge - No. You ate yours. It excites him. Most serial killers keep some sort of trophies. I'll tell you if you'll look at this form. It started as a bad joke in Kansas City Homicide. They said... this one likes to skin his humps. Partially, yes. But Doctor, that's an active case, I'm not involved. If - Five... so far. No, I came because we need - I'm only asking you to look at this, Doctor. Either you will or you won't. Dr. Lecter, if you'd please consider - All that detail, just from memory...? Did you do those drawings, Doctor? Maybe they'll catch up. Yes. He said - "I can smell your cunt." We're talking about psychology, Doctor, not the Bureau. Can you decide for yourself whether or not I'm qualified? I'm - still in training at the Academy. I am, yes. Doctor, we have a hard problem in psychological profiling. I want to ask for your help with a questionnaire.Ex...ex, ex... This is Harry, Phil, Grammoo and Vada Sultenfuss... God I guess i'll have to introduce you now. The boss is watching us... Keep your voice down! I've been living in it for over a year, the camper is mine. Hi Ralph. Oh Danny, how'd you find me here? I'm not asking you to stop feeling for those people. But life isn't just death Harry, don't ignore the living, especially your daughter. Stop hiding Harry, you run Harry. When I first came here, the idea of working with dead people, didn't exactly thrill me, but when I saw a family lived here, I thought, &quot;if I'm living without a family, at least I can work with one, and maybe once in a while i'll be invited in for supper.&quot; Open your eyes, she's eleven years old! Her only friend in the world is dead. Perfect. I would never marry anybody I didn't love. Pointing upwards Look... Can we see it from the back yard? Well, you were pretty great! Danny that's a real _bonehead_ thing to say! Honestly Harry, he got the mustang, I promise..... Rub a dub dub, thanks for the grub, yay God. How's it going chef? You know this is gonna be my first 4th of July picnic in a long time. It's for Shelly's famous potato salad. Yeah, me too, mind if I tag along? Goodnight. Goodnight. It's only eight o'clock. Good. Kiss me. Do you want to? What are you wearing? See, you're not that out of touch. You're good. In ages, I know, me neither. This is where we are. Dance with me? Did she ever see Vada? What happened to her? I don't know, tonight you just seemed a little cool, not opening car doors and... Are you mad at me? You can look in the bathroom if you want. People are always curious about that, like what happens when you flush. I did it myself. I read a magazine article about how to maximize small spaces. Home sweet home. Would you like to come in and see my house? Just for a minute. I had a good time tonight. You can be in a room with 100 men, and not like any of them, or you can be in a room with just one man, and he's exactly the one you want. Kinda like men. Oh, I'm just not lucky Harry. I'm gonna be putting makeup on some of these people very soon. I just had a terrible thought Harry. Does it make it easier to win? Okay. I love going to movies, especially at the drive in. I don't think there's anything more romantic than going to the drive in. I'll let you get back to work. You have to learn how to take a complement. Movies, movies, ahhhh, &quot;Love Story&quot; at the drive in, I cried my eyes out, did you see it? In lieu... &quot;instead&quot;.... No contest. Oh it's good, &quot;In lieu of&quot; I love that word lieu. No kidding? Oh right, right, . Bader Lorenzo Died June 22 1972 Devoted husband to Nicolette. Cherished father of Babritzio and Heidi, In lieu of flowers, please send donations to the holy names society. Nothing, I was just wondering what you were doing. Hi. I'm sure she will. I shouldn't stick my nose in other people's business. It's just that I like Vada, very much. Excuse me Harry, I'm sorry, I just wanna let you know that the flowers were delivered. And the room's all set up. Harry, I really think she..... I don't think so, I think she's confused about death. Well the other night at dinner... Harry? I was just wondering, if there is anything wrong with Vada. I just wanted to get past this &quot;old school Marm&quot; image. I think she looks nice! Her lips are very thin so I used the gloss to give them a more sensual quality, and her eyes just needed a little definition, and her hair, I'm sorry, nobody wears this hairdo anymore in 1972. You don't like it? Could you take a look at Mrs. Porter? I promise i'll take good care of these people, they deserve it, they're dead, all they've got left is their looks. Okay Mr. Sultenfuss, you got a deal. Ohh, oh sure it's no big deal, you see all my former clients will eventually die, and all your clients used to be alive, so they have something in common. I need the job. Excuse me, what about the job? The add just said &quot;Makeup Artist&quot; Stiffs?? They're dead? I have a wonderful disposition, I put people right at ease. I'm a licensed cosmetologist, I worked for two years, at the &quot;Dino Raphael&quot; Salon, all my customers cried when I told them I was leaving. It's still available I hope? Bye. Sure. Well maybe she'll feel better in a couple of days. Yes she is, but she's very upset, so she's not seeing anyone. Hi. Goodnight. Okay, get in to bed. I'll tell you what, you dedicate your first book to me, and we'll forget about the whole thing. It's okay sweetheart. Believe me, some day, you'll feel differently. It's actually a very beautiful thing, and look there wouldn't have been a Vada. It's okay, come on upstairs, we have to have a little talk. How old are you? What do you mean you're hemorrhaging? Well he just left, what's wrong? Vada, Vada, what's the matter? Yes!! Vada? Would you like us to get you another goldfish? Oh great!! Well, I'm no doctor. All I know is, the next day they had really high fevers, and their faces got very fat. They baffled medical science, they were in a magazine. I don't think that that roller coaster agreed with your bad stomach. You know Vada you have to watch what you eat here, I remember one time I went to a carnival with my cousins David and Frank, and they both ate hot dogs, and the next day they came down with nephritis. This is Danny and Ralph, they own the Dino Raphael salon in Detroit. We used to be married. Uh huh, why? Hey, I thought I recognized you two, hi Vada. Aarrggh. Uh huh, i've been trying to get out to Hollywood for years to do makeup for all the stars, I haven't gotten there yet. All right, open your eyes. They'll come around. Close your eyes, I wanna bring out the gorgeous color in them. The first rule in applying eye makeup, is you can never wear enough blue eye shadow. Yes, Vada I think you're very pretty. You've got these great big sparkling eyes, the cutest little nose, an amazing mouth. Come here, sit down. Have you ever tried any? A girl's always gotta look her best. No. Okay. Sure. Bye. Well Miss Vada, what d'you say we head back? Well, sometimes married people just find out they can't live with each other. No, I'm divorced. Mostly love, and romance. Uh huh. Thomas? Ohh, right. Would you like a soda? Sure. I'll give you the royal tour. Hi. Come on sweetie. Vada? VADA?? What happened?? Well you don't know that. Ask him. I think you'd make a fine writer, did you ask your Dad? Maybe black means you're happy? Ooh, that's a pretty ring you're wearing. Chocolate? You know Vada, you shouldn't let those girls upset you. Who's winning? Oh. Yes it is. Oh great! Nothing in particular, just putting it away for a rainy day. Well, I guess you found my secret hiding place. They're just fun to read. Liverpool? Uh huh. To chocolate? Thomas J?Wanna play? Once you put the hotels on board walk and Park Place he puts a shoe in your way. I beat Thomas J in monopoly yesterday. Arthur!! Well, sometimes when we get 'em, they're not completely dead, you know, like when they cut a chickens head off and it still runs around crazy. You're such a baby. Hey, you didn't pay me! Leave him alone! Come on, let's go. The bee stings! I can't breathe! It hurts, it hurts so bad, make it stop. I can't breathe, I'm suffocating. Dr. Welty!!!? Dr. Welty?? It's there. Can't you see it? Yes. That can't be, I have all the classic symptoms. I think every time I see a climbing tree i'll think of Thomas J. Do you miss her? Really? What was my mama like? In the garage. I found this. The bees killed Thomas J, and I killed my mother. Did I kill my mother? Get away, get away!! He's okay isn't he? Why not? Maybe I should go over and yell at him. I told him not to tease those bees. Did he get stung? Yes. Feeding my fish. Hi. I'll ride on the bumper cars with you! Not acknowledging Harry's comment You'll be okay little fish. I like the freak show. Yes.. When?? When? Are they ready yet? Dad, didn't you say you needed prunes REAL bad? Sorry. Can I go too? Why? You never cared before. Dad, why are you dressed up to go to bingo? The money? Dad?? Dad? Shelly thinks I'd be a good writer. It's for school, for summer writing class. Daddy, can I have thirty five dollars? Then who's it for? Is it for a child? Daddy, how come that coffin's so small? Dad? Cruella deville stole all the puppies, she was gonna make a fur out of 'em! Daddy guess what I beat Thomas J in monopoly yesterday. Ahem. I was born jaundiced. Once I sat on a toilet seat at a Truck stop and caught hemorrhoids. And i've learned to live with this chicken Bone that's been lodged in my throat for the past three years, so I knew Dad would be devastated when he learned of my latest affliction. Dad, I don't wanna upset you, but my left breast is developing at a significantly faster rate than my right. It can only mean one thing. Cancer. I'm dying. Weeping willow with your tears running down, Why do you always weep and frown, Is it because he left you one day, Is it because he could not stay, On your branches he would swing, Do you long for the happiness that they would bring, He found shelter in your shade, He thought his laughter would never fade, Weeping willow stop your tears, There is something to calm your fears, You think death as if you forever part, But I know he'll always be in your heart. I can't stay, I just came to read my poem. Get away from me! No.... Who's that? No he wouldn't, I can't go home. I love you like my Dad loves Shelly. I wanna live here. Mr. Bixler, I love you. Justin and Ronda say that I should tell people what I feel. Loads of ice-cream by Vada Sultenfuss I like ice-cream a whole lot, It tastes good when days are hot, On a cone or in a dish, This would be my only wish, Vanilla, chocolate or rocky road, Even with pie a la mode. I wrote a poem too. Uh huh, I wanna be a writer. I paid the money. No. Well, guess i'll go home and finish off War &amp; Peace. What do you get for that? How much does it cost? How are you gonna get the money for this old house if you're not working? This is one big house for one single person. Mr. Bixler, how come you're painting this old house? Yes, and now I'm reading War &amp; Peace for fun. It's okay. Mr. Bixler, I finished all the books for summer reading. My Dad was funny? Really? Why? Do you like her? Does he love her? He must like Shelly, I never saw him hit anyone in his life. Goodnight. I will I promise. I'll pay it back, besides, I don't think i'll ever go to class again. I think it should be outlawed. My Mommy and Daddy did THAT? I'm eleven and a half. I don't want, I don't need your help.... I'm hemorrhaging. Where's Daddy? Daddy??!?!?! NO! NO!, He's fine. Fish are very resilient animals you know. Don't worry, I won't get another fish. I won, I won!!! Nephritis? It's a kidney disease, you don't get it from hot dogs. Are you here to take Shelly back? I like my name. See food! Hey Shelly, like seafood? Hi. Ssshhhhh, I don't want them to see me. Do you like putting makeup on people? The boys at school don't think I am. Shelly, do you think I'm pretty? No. I think lipstick looks fake, no-ones lips are that color. So how come you're putting lipstick on? Are you going out somewhere? You don't have to wait, daddy'll be mad if you're late. Can I use your bathroom first? Daddy said it's bad when people get divorced. Are you married? What are they about? Did you read ALL these books? I would. Big Ringo fan. Can we look around in your camper? My ball, I lost my ball. He won't give it to me. Shut your big fat mouth! I don't think so. Shelly, how can I get thirty five dollars? It's a mood ring, it tells what mood I'm in. He's allergic to everything. I'm not upset. I will never play with those girls. I only surround myself with people who I find intellectually stimulating. I am. She's shy. That's really cool. Is that your camper? For what? What? Seeya tomorrow. Well, let's spit on it. Just, hurry. Say something it's too quiet. Okay on the count of three. Just do it. Close your eyes. Uh huh. Okay, enough practice. Here, practice on your arm like this. Maybe we should, just to see what's the big deal. Uh huh. Have you ever kissed anyone? Not true. It is not. I'm gonna marry Mr. Bixler. I dunno.. Oh, that's probably Thomas J, I don't wanna see him. It's not fair. Nothing happens to boys. No, I'm hiding out. Leave then, some friend you are. Then go home, baby. He likes her better than me. I don't like her. You're such a retard, it was an engagement ring. My Dad gave Shelly a ring. Get up!? No, you can't, they have enough kids, you'll have to live with the Partridge Family. California, I'm going to Hollywood to live with the Brady Bunch. Bye Mrs. Sennett. Hi, wanna ride bikes? Do it! Jump in the water!! I am running faster!! My mood ring! It fell off! I gotta find it! What do you want it for anyway? Are you crazy, you'll get stung!! So? What? HEY YOU!!!! I'm gonna get you!!! I'll get you!!!! What? Go??? Duck! We're not gonna bet, we're just gonna watch. Bed wetter! Pacifist! Let's go to the church, they're playing bingo tonight. Sorry. Here. It doesn't matter, 'cause they're not regular horses, they got wings, and it's no big deal if you fall, you just land in cloud. I think, everybody gets their own white horse, and all they do is ride and eat marshmallows all day, and everybody's best friends with everybody else, when you play sports, there's no teams, so nobody gets picked last. What? No. Grammoo said she's in heaven. It's my mother. Yes. Never mind. You have no personality. Hmmmm, interesting. Come on, it's fun. That was Grammoo's. It's a phrenology chart, they used to study the bumps in your head to see if you had a good personality or not. Come here, i'll diagnose your head. Oh, in the garage. Walk me over. A girl can never wear enough eye shadow. No. Uh huh. It'll bleed. You could pick that scab on your arm. Hey, we can become blood brothers. Reel it in. He's only tiny, throw him back. Hurry! Big deal, I can do that too. Thomas J, you got something! Maybe they had a big breakfast. It's not a real school, it's a writing class, I wanna be a writer. It's only black when you're around 'cause you put me in a bad mood. Dinner time?? You're like a dog! You just go home to eat. No, I'm going home. Hi Mr. Bixler! That's Mr. Bixler, let's go talk to him. Oh wow, a real evil canieval. I knew he wouldn't come.Fuck you, Johnny Utah. Fuck you!! Don't you have a soul? Goddamn you to hell! You tell me the fucking truth Johnny... did your parents really die in a car crash? DID THEY?! Jesus Christ, Johnny -- you've been using me! Your jacket's on the floor in the bathroom -- this goddamn thing's half out of the pocket... Oh God, it's all part of some case, isn't it? But you look like you been in a train wreck, how'd he just drive away? So what'd the other guy look like? Betadyne doesn't hurt. Johnny... what's going on? I don't get it... did I do something? Those are cold. You don't have to. Well, usually you have this sort of intense scowl of concentration, like you're doing this for a school project or something... I don't know, like something's driving you. See, it's gone. If I didn't know better I'd say you looked almost happy. Look at you. You had enough? Come on. At least no one's gonna see how bad you are. Swell's here, Johnny. Bodhi always knows. I've seen that kamikaze look, Johnny. You've got it. And Bodhi can smell it a mile away. He'll take you to the edge... and past it. Hey, Bodhi. Bunch of goddamn adrenaline junkies. I hope you're not buying into this banzai-bullshit like the rest of Bodhi's moonies. Yeah, he thinks he's evolved to a higher plane of existence, or something. Maybe he has. You've seen him surf... that frenzy. It seems like anger. It's not. It's the energy of lovemaking. The sea is the woman in his life. She's his only true lover. We went out for about five minutes... which is four minutes longer than most of them. But you can't hold it against him, he's... different. People are expendable to Bodhi. Catch of the day. He rents it for the summer. Bodhi always gets some slick place and throws it open to every surf burnout around. Most a these guys can't keep a job. When the swell comes, they're gone, they have to ride. Stop here. Do you agree to do exactly what I say when I say it? Tomorrow, 6 AM. Here. If you're a minute late I'm gone. And Stud... I didn't take you to raise. I can show you a few things but after that you're on your own. That'll be four fifty. This gonna take long? What is it? You all of a sudden got this bug you had to go surfing? This is a line, right? I can see that. But forget it. Stick to tennis, or whatever you're good at. Miniature golf. Here, your number's 37. Gimme a break. One shrimp and fries to go! Anything to drink? I mean, what do you want? What are you doing hanging around here. What do you want?Wait! Jesus Christ! You're fucking crazy, you know that? You go in there you're gonna eat it on the rocks. Here, follow me. Who cares! Carefully, tough guy. Very carefully. Yeah, you saw me and you figured that if a mere girl can do it, a big strong stud like you shouldn't have any problem. Right?! Well you figured wrong, dork!Why is it taking so long? If it isn't a baby... what is it? A baby... and she isn't even married. What's goin' on? Well, if she's got any sense at all, she'll listen to that. Buddy... does Rose really... "do it" with all those boys and men? What's happening? You better not snoop, Daddy'll kill you! What is Rose going to do? Where can she go? Then why does she act so dumb? She hasn't got any sense. In some ways, she's awful dumb. Buddy, I'm worried about Rose. No, Mother, he's lying... You know, Buddy, sometimes you make me sick. Wasn't Daddy wonderful? He wanted to kiss her some more and play with her, but he didn't, because he loves Mother and all of us, and he loves Rose, too. Isn't he wonderful, isn't he great? Buddy, that was pretty snotty of you, pushing me away like that just when it was interesting. Buddy, that was my place. He had his hand on her titty. He kissed her. Buddy, this is amazing, you wouldn't believe it. Wow! Brrrother! Boy! Wow! Let me see! Ohhh-hh... what's happening now? I can't see, let me see... I can't see. What are they doing, what's happening? I think she's gonna kiss him. Okay. Yeah. I get so irritated with Daddy. He's so dumb sometimes. She's watching the car again? I think Daddy suspects. No. Oh, shut up, Buddy. I don't know. I think he's cryin'! I'm only trying to help him, Mother. Daddy, Buddy was up late last night reading little dirty comic books. Mother gave him a dose of castor oil and he cursed it, he took the Lords name in vain, then claimed he hadn't said it. He lied, Daddy. Mother, Buddy says Rose got in his bed last night and he fiddled with her and she snorted and had a fit -- and he says I would too if I was grown-up. Is it true, Mother -- would I sweat and snort and froth at the mouth and have a horrible fit like he says? I don't like that, either, it's worse than Waski. I want to be called Fran.I said she isn't here. NOW you go home. Be a nice boy and go home. She isn't here. And I'm sorry, but Mr. Hillyer doesn't want her to have callers during working hours. She must have gone out for a walk with the children. Yes? This isn't punishment, I don't believe in punishment. It's for your health. Obviously you're sick if you can act like that. I don't think you are sufficiently in awe of it. Get the castor oil. But we must respect that power, we must be in awe of it. Sex isn't ugly, sex is one of the most beautiful things in life, the creative power of the universe is behind it. Now I have a plan about Rose, an educational plan. She's getting better and we don't want any more trouble -- Brother, you ought to hear this. I do wish you'd speak to Brother. It's true he's been looking at those horrible little books again. Oh, yes, it's Thursday. Hello, Rose, dear... ... my, you're... looking pretty... What'd you say, Brother? Children, children! Be quiet, all of you! The vibrations in this house are strange today. Where's Rose, anyhow? No, you didn't say that, Brother. What did you say, Brother? Stop gagging like that and putting on a show, and swallow it. This is for your own good. When you look at negative, destructive things like those little filthy comic books, you are sick. Here, take this. Oh, Brother, I am so disappointed in you. You mustn't look at those horrible things, they degrade the human image. Brother, when I have to wake you up at eleven o'clock in the morning you're either sick or you were up very late last night. And you weren't reading Huckleberry Finn. I looked and its not in your room. Now what were you doing? Walked, in all that heat? It's a wonder she hasn't got sunstroke. I'll phone Daddy and you go get Doll Baby and Waski. All right, all right. Doll and Waski are upstairs taking their nap, you go get them and bring them down to the living room. Where is the girl? Your impression is very reassuring, Brother. Of course she's had troubles, poor thing, but I sensed that was that the girl was like and I'm glad to have it reconfirmed. Wonderful. What's she like, Brother? What is your impression of her? Yes, I think so. He adores her, it's almost pitiful the way he worships her. I just hope she isn't too much for him. Well, yes, she's happy. Of course Dave doesn't have her life force, not at all. There isn't much furniture in his house, just a table and one or two chairs, whereas Rose has furniture coming out of the windows. Who? I don't understand it. Even in the wild days she was never as late as this. How is she? Better off? How could she ever find love and happiness, if you did what you're talking about? Are you insane? Rose isn't oversexed, that's ridiculous. If you're going to talk nonsense, I don't want to talk to you at all. Rose is exactly the same as the rest of us, except more so. I can't believe you really meant it, if I did I'd want to die. You aren't a male monster, that man is but you aren't. Look me in the eye and tell me, do you really want to take Rose's womanhood away from her when it's all she has got? I thought I knew you. I thought I knew you better, I thought in your heart you were a good and kind man. Well, I can't believe what I've just heard in this room. A defenseless girl depending on you for protection, and you propose to mutilate and destroy her. How could you listen even for a moment to that sadistic man? Over... my... dead... body! This conversation is making me a little sick. I'd say about three months. Are you satisfied? Honey! What did you forget? But she must know... unless... unless... Rose, was there more than one person? That's why I'm asking her who the father is. It's the most vital question of all. Who's the father, dear? Poor thing, don't cry, Rose. I know you feel awful, but don't cry, honey, nobody's perfect. Who's the father, dear? It sounds like a farm to me. Calling it a dairy establishment, that's just trickery and flummery. I don't know how you can call it ideal -- don't you know what the word "farm" means to her? Honey, Rose was born on a farm and has terrible memories of farm life. Now I don't think -- She's just nervous and worried. And you would be, too, if you had no job and no place to go. She does look a little peaky. She can't get a job, it's a depression. And we can't just throw her out on the street. She hasn't actually done anything... She's like a different person. Being so sick made a big impression on her. I really think she's learned a lesson. Sometimes the negativism and cynicism in you makes me want to vomit. Your real trouble is that you're anti-intellectual. The irony is women are supposed to be emotional, but I never saw anybody who depended more on emotion and prejudice than you do. Honey, Dr. Martinson isn't a rascal, he's one of the finest physicians in Glenville. He studied at Johns Hopkins University. I don't see how you can even think of it now. You don't like him because he's a Yankee. He's a brilliant doctor. Honey, please... I'll talk to her, I'll reason with her. What she doesn't understand is that her behavior is disturbing to other people. She's young, she's got to learn to restrain the life force that's in her. Its creative, but in her case it's too creative. If you mean sex, you couldn't be more wrong. Rose likes those boys and men, she has love in her heart, and that is what they want. It's the most rare and beautiful thing in life and that is why they follow her. How could Rose really be a bad influence on Dolly? She has a loving nature, you ought to want someone like that around your children. Why do you think those boys and men like her? But what I said is the simple truth. And now I see something else, I see more deeply into it... But morals come from the heart, not from rigid rules and empty laws. And in her heart Rose has never hurt anyone and she never would. Therefore, she's not immoral. Not really. Who is to say our morals are better than hers? But maybe you're right. She could... influence Dolly... Well, she does seem to cause a lot of trouble, I admit. But she doesn't mean any harm and it'll break the children's hearts, they all love her. Well, that's very reasonable. Howe I hate to bring it up, but she's got an awful toothache, we've got to carry her to the dentist. It isn't her fault if she's popular... what? Just a moment! You are not going to fire this girl for an innocent thing like having boy friends, not while there is breath in my body! And when I try to talk to you seriously, when I try to explain to you the unlimited creative power of life, how beautiful it would be if we gave up this hopeless struggle and simply loved each other from our hearts, what do you do -- you mock me! Yes! Yes, I say that to you, they were boys! Boy friends of Rose, chat's what they were, and why shouldn't she have boy friends? Do you want her to be unnatural? Don't you think she's human the same way you are yourself? It's the South, that's what it is, the South with its horrible traditions, of slavery and crime and the oppression of women, who are just as good as men and just as human! Scoundrels? They weren't scoundrels, they were just boys. You certainly are! She has an awful toothache, look at her jaw, it's all swollen. I will not sit here and listen to you be brutal to this poor girl. Well, it isn't Rose's fault boys and men like her. You cant blame her for that, hon. That sulky boy was here again this afternoon. I was almost scared, he wouldn't go away. Well, time will tell, won't it? Well, I wish you'd stop criticizing and picking on her. Why shouldn't she go out and have boyfriends? Is she all right? What time is it? Be kind to her. She loves you so much. In a perfectly proper way, of course. But that's a wonderful quality, not a bad quality. Have a little patience with her. She's such a good-hearted little thing and tries so hard. He and his wife both said she had a fine moral character and was wonderful with children. I don't think you understand her. It isn't sex she wants, it's love she wants and this is the only way she knows how to get it. Well, I admit that outfit isn't very modest. But she doesn't mean any harm, she just wants to attract, attention. I wish you wouldn't pick on Rose and tease her like that. Of course her clothes are silly, but she's ignorant, naive, she doesn't know any better. Rose, you and Brother wait in the car. I want to speak for a moment Lo Mr. Hillyer. You're not having lunch? Well, it is a little tight. But it isn't as bad as all that. No one will notice unless they have such thoughts in the first place. I'm serious. We forget he's just a child. I wish you'd speak to him. Why, they won't either. She looks pretty. And I wish you wouldn't pick on the poor girl all the time. Don't listen to him, Rose, you look pretty, even beautiful. What's the matter, hon? Is anything wrong? I think about what I'm doing all the time, and I've got as much business behind the wheel of an automobile as anybody. Besides, I want you to stay and help Rose with the dishes, the poor girl isn't feeling well. Be nice to Rose. She's never had a real home. I'm not in the fourth dimension -- -- you are in the fourth dimension, when you allow skepticism and doubt to take control. As Blake said, if God had doubt the sun would go out. Hotcha character. If I had to live with your cynicism, I wouldn't want to live at all. What you can't understand is that the creative forces of the universe are positive, not negative. Hope for the best? I don't understand all this skepticism. I thought you liked Rose. There are no flies on Rose, I don't know what you're talking about. And she's such a good-hearted thing, there isn't an ounce of harm or malice in her. Honey, she's perfect. She works all the time and she's wonderful with the children. And they love her, even Brother likes her though he won't admit it. I think she's just perfect. Oh. Did you say something? What? Slow, hon. But at least I can concentrate now that Rose is here. Yes, it's so nice I thought I'd work outside. It isn't the fourth dimension. To you it's the fourth dimension, maybe, to me it's simply the truth. What's the matter with him? You mustn't be a tattletale, dear. You mustn't be Delilah-ish and Jezebel-ish toward your brother, dear. Yes, dear, what is it? Daddy wouldn't hear that. Now the redhaired boy you see sitting there, of course you have met him, he is my oldest son and my most brilliant child. All children have great creative powers, but I don't want to rattle on about my children, they say I brag too much about them, especially about Brother. Am I boring you, Rose? Let him be guided not by my wishes and not by Rose's wishes, although I am sure they are identical. Let him be guided by the wishes of the creative power of life itself, because that is what has spoken through me tonight. I understand you perfectly. You leave that girl alone, you wretched man, or you will be sorry. I will not cry like a woman. If I'm upset it's because of what my husband said, not because of you. You can't make me cry like a woman, a woman has got just as much intelligence and self-control as a man. And you get this in your head. If you hurt that girl, I'll hire lawyers and sue you for malpractice for every penny you have got, I'll do my level best to ruin you. Do you understand me? You'd go so far as to mutilate a helpless girl who has no means to defend herself, you'd go that far? Don't you think I know what you've just said and don't you think I understand the dreadful and revolting crime you've just conspired to commit? Are you human beings or are you some kind of male monsters? Is there no limit to which you won't go to keep your illusions about yourselves? What are you talking about? I don't understand all this mumbo jumbo and the funny looks on your faces. Yes, go on. What do you mean, what kind of gobbledygook talk is that? No, you shouldn't have, it was needlessly cruel. She thinks she has cancer and is going to die. Well, that's pathetic. Poor Rose, what a life she has had. Gonorrhea? Yes. Well. She's upstairs. Oh, good evening, Doctor. Rose is a lot better, I just gave her her supper. She's almost all well now. Yes, thank you, Doctor. It is kind of amazing. The dentist says she has perfect teeth, there isn't a cavity in her mouth. Well, her people were very poor. She says she was often hungry as a child, and I'm sure the food she ate was pretty awful, not a balanced diet at all. Deathly afraid of it. Her people were poor tenant farmers and she doesn't know anything about doctors or medicine or hospitals. She hid it from us, Doctor. She's afraid of the hospital. She looks terrible, just awful. That would scare her to death. She's terrified of hospitals. To her, a hospital is where you go to die. But the wisdom tooth will have to be pulled? She was raised on a poor dirt farm. I'm sure she's never seen a dentist or hardly even a doctor. No, Waski, she won't die, because we are praying for her. There are plenty of girls who would give thousands of dollars to have your auburn hair. Beauty is beauty and that's all there is to it. Beauty is there and we have to recognize it. Now Rose, the little girl sitting across from you with the blue eyes is Doll Baby. She looks like an angel and she is an angel, but she can be a naughty angel sometimes, although her father won't believe it. Her real name is Frances, but we call her Dolly or Doll. When he was baby we called him "Wa Wa," a baby name, you know. You will find him a very good boy. His brother can be bad and so can his sister, but Waski is a very good boy. And as you can see he's beautiful. Rose, this is Waski. His real name is Warren but we call him Waski. He doesn't like it much and I suppose someday we'll have to stop calling him that. Well... well, that's wonderful, Rose. Forget about it, I don't want you working in one of those honky tonks. Don't worry, honey, you'll find something. Rose, you don't have to. Rose, really, you shouldn't act like that. I know it's embarrassing... but who were you exposed to, dear? ROSE Well, now, Mrs. Hillyer, I... ah-h, that's kinda hard to say. Rose, you don't look well and you haven't eaten a bit of breakfast. Well, there's no reason you shouldn't go out, Rose... in moderation. You look very pretty in it, Rose. Really, you do. You see, Rose? Now that's the kind of dress you ought to wear. Rose, you're very sick. You're burning up. Rose, can you hear me? Rose? Rose has learned her lesson, haven't you, Rose? It'll get better now. I know it was bad, honey. I'm sorry... Rose, sit down in that chair and be quiet! We're trying to help you, you silly creature, sit in that chair! No, Rose, he'll help you. Poor thing. Does the ice help, Rose? Be quiet, Rose. I don't think we ought to discuss this in front of the children. I had better call Daddy. Rose, that scruffy-looking man is out in the yard again. Doll, you and Waski run on, too. Well, I think it's charming, Rose. But don't you think... ah, the skirt is a little tight? You look sick if you ask me. I hate to leave you with the dishes and all, but I'm supposed to go to a meeting of the Garden Club this evening. I'll need the car keys. Rose, you're in an awful dither tonight. What's the matter with you, honey, are you sick or something? Well, you run on now. Really, why don't you go sit down somewhere? Rose, you work too hard. Why don't you go sit down somewhere and drink a Co-Cola? Well, I am working on my thesis. More history, Rose. Well, it's rather interesting about Brother, actually. I realized the remarkable thing he had when he was six weeks old. He looked at me and understood me, he knew exactly who I was. I know it sounds crazy but it's true. He's very remarkable, he was born for the ministry and could move millions, but he doesn't know that yet. I have to warn you about him, he can be very dangerous, there is an evil streak in him, a streak of pure sheer meanness. But at heart Brother is saintly and that is why he was born for the ministry even if he doesn't know it.Buddy, sex don't mean a thing to me. It ain't nothin' but a mosquito bite. I'll tell you a secret. Girls don't want sex, Buddy, girls want love. A saint just like your own mother. She's up in heaven right now, her and Lunette, there ain't no doubt about it. Boy did I get sick of rabbit. But later on after Momma died and Daddy wasn't doin' nothin' but drinkin', I sure would of been glad for a little rabbit stew. You know, I oughtn't to of told you about what Daddy done when I was a child. Until them rabbits ruined him, he was a real good man, Buddy. He thought he could sell 'em, but nobody but country folks eat rabbits, Buddy, and they ain't got no money. We had to eat them dern rabbits our own selves. Every dern one, and it took about four years to eat 'em all up. Yep, we had 'em in orange crates all over. It was Daddy's dream. He was goin' to get rich raisin' rabbits. It was what killed Daddy. He didn't drown hisself till a long time later after Momma and Lunette died of typhoid, but it was them rabbits what killed him. Did you know when I was a child we had pretty near five hundred rabbits? I guess I'll work as a waitress, Buddy. I done that before and it got me in worse trouble than you could know, but I can't stay here no more. Why did you get rid of your rabbits, Buddy? Take a little walk with me, huh? Makin' homes for purple martins, huh? We had 'em on the farm. They're the prettiest things. That's what I wish I was, a bird. Just fly around catch bugs and have a lot of fun. Hi, Buddy. How's my sweetheart who never told on me when I was bad? I don't want to know... Buddy, I'm scared, I'm scared! Oh, Buddy, they're gonna cut me all up! They're gonna cut my stummick all open, I'll die! I ain't neither. Listen here, Buddy, besides all his vast medical knowledge, he has the most kindest heart beneath the professor way he acts -- he wants justice in the world and he's got some real interestin' ideas. Well, I like him. I used to be afraid of doctors but not any more. Why, he could operate on me any old time and I wouldn't even be scared. He's got doubts about hisself and that's the saddest thing of all. Would you believe that poor man thinks nobody likes him? Yeah, he tried to hide it but I saw 'em, and a little bit he says to me, "You know, you are beautiful." Now wasn't that a nice thing for a doctor to say to a patient, wasn't it? What could cheer a girl up more? You don't know the bedside manner that man has got. Why, it does me good just to see him sit there all solemn and go pokin' in his bag like he's gonna cure me, which he did of course. And even more important he loves me, like a patient I mean, the other day he got tears in his eyes just listenin' to my heart beat. Oh, he's so kind, so gentle inside, and so unhappy with that rich wife who doesn't understand him, her being a Southerner and everything, and what a bedside manner he has got -- so gentle and kind beneath the professor way he acts! But I don't know who they are. I got an awful toothache. Well, he might be that man who followed me home from the store the other day. But I don't know who he is, Buddy, I really don't. You're my sweetheart. Did your Momma really give you castor oil? I have a knack for designing clothes. But I had to buy the shoes and the pocketbook. Buddy, Mr. Right is out there somewhere and I'm gonna find him! Well, Ill tell you this. I have learned a lesson tonight. I wasn't gonna run around, but when I start botherin' your Daddy and worse robbin' a cradle, I gotta face the facts of life. Tomorrow mornin', I'm gonna get myself up and go out. Oh, Buddy, you do love me! I knew you did, knew it all the time... Buddy, I have to ask you, as bad as I've been please have pity on me and don't ruin me by telling them what I did. I know it was bad, it was bad and dumb. But mostly it was dumb, I didn't mean you no harm, I'd never want to hurt a hair on your head and that's the truth. I love you. But they'd think I did, they'd think I was awful, they'd despise me and hate me... I hate to turn on this light, you Daddy's awake downstairs, but I have to take the chance. Buddy, please don't tell on me. I sure hope you don't. I gotta get outta here, good night. Buddy, you wouldn't tell nobody, would you? No. No, I'm all right. Oh, God, what have I done? I have robbed a cradle and fallen into hell! I must be crazy, a child like you. Oh, God, oh, Lord. This is awful, this is terrible, I gotta get outta here! You wouldn't understand. Oh, God, I must be outta my mind. What would your Momma think? No. No, you're not hurting me. But I think you better quit it. I must be outta my mind. Buddy, quit it. You better quit that. Well, nothin'. Buddy, you're just a child. Well, you're sweet, but you don't really love me. Of course you can't! I'm... I'm shocked at you, Buddy, real shocked! Now you be quiet or I'm going back to my own bed! No! You ought to be ashamed of yourself astin' such a nasty things a child your age! Well, now that is just too bad! Curiosity killed the cat. Why, Buddy, shut your mouth! What an awful thing to say, and where did you get any such idea as that, anyhow? Most men wouldn't do what he done. If they can get a girl they go right ahead and get her -- I guess to hell they do, just like a dern rabbit. 'Course later they'll tell her she's no good when they done the same thing their selves. They're a bunch of monkeys. I like 'em, but they're a bunch of monkeys. There ain't none in your Daddy. You know, what happened has just made me love him all the more. I not only love him, I respect him, I admire him. You know, Buddy, sometimes I can't figure you out at all. You can be very nice, but like your mother said there's an evil streak in you. Who would want to do such a thing as that? Don't mention it. All right, that's enough. You're just a child and wouldn't understand it, but that type of thing can stir a girl up. Now lie back and we'll talk. 'Course it does. Well, are you satisfied now? Can we just lie and talk, huh? You don' t need to know that. It's none of your business. Buddy, you don't realize it but what you're doing isn't nice. Buddy, what's come over you? A child like you, askin' such things. No, you can't. And I'll tell you this -- he scares me. As kind as he is, he scares me. You can't fool around with him, not with that man. And, boy, I sure better not try nothin' like that with him again, he'll fire me. You know, that Daddy of yours is the funniest man, the things he says, you never know what's going to come out of his mouth next. Buddy, quit that, you're just a child, you're not supposed to be interested in such things. Ha ha ha, that's some idea, a cantaloupe. What did you expect? I fell madly in love with him when he called me Rosebud. You know that first day when I come and he said I looked graceful like a capital letter S and called me Rosebud? I fell madly in love with that man right then. But it's a lost love, Buddy. He's a good man and won't have nothin' to do with me. Promise not to tell Doll? -- or nobody? Buddy, it's your Daddy! I'm so much in love with him I am out of my mind! Why, it has just made me ill, Buddy. I'm sick. I don't want to eat nothin', I don't, and me I got a good appetite, that ain't nat'ral for me. I'm ill. Buddy, I was horrible. I can't tell you who it was, but do you know what I did? I sat on his lap and got ahold of him and wiggled and wiggled my ass on him and was worse'n you could know, a child like you. Why, I let one of my tits fall out deliberate on purpose and practically smack him in the face with it and I let my dern skirt come up so he could see my drawers... But to get back serious to what I was sayin', it is not only, Buddy, the loss of him but my own bad behavior what bothers me so... It's so terrible I can't tell you. Oh, Buddy, you don't know how it hurts to have a broken heart, what a terrible feeling it is, and I've had a broken heart so many times. Men, I don't understand them, I can't figure them out and they break my heart, that's all. I can't find Mr. Right, Buddy, I can't find him no matter how hard I look, all I find is a whole pile of Mr. Wrongs. But this is the worst ever because it wasn't his fault. It was my fault, oh yes, my fault, I was bad -- oh God, I was bad, you wouldn't believe how bad I was. I thought I'd go crazy back there in that room all by myself with nobody to talk to. As a child, I never had no room all to myself, we were awful poor. Buddy... I have got a confession to make. Buddy, I am wandering in a wilderness, lost. I just feel awful. Do you mind if I get in bed with you for a little while? Buddy, you are in one of your evil moods, I don't want to talk to you. I'm going out and sweep the patio. I don't hear you. I just turn my back on that kind of talk and look away. I didn't hear you. I didn't hear that. What terrible thing in Cave Springs? Your Daddy is a wonderful man, I'll say that. He's the best and most kind-hearted man in the world. Bad is bad, Buddy. There ain't no sense to it. They were just bad men, that's all. Nobody. Buddy. Well, now, that's a nice name, I like it. I am real pleased to meet you. Hey, look, do you think you got a cold drink of ice water somewhere? What was it, Mr. Hillyer? Well, I'll pay you that back sometime, Mr. Hillyer. Perfect, wonderful, good as I ever felt! Except for a big old scar on my stummick, I wouldn't even know I been in the hospital. It's so, Mr. Hillyer. I haven't had my period for three months and my stomach is getting big. Yes, Mr. Hillyer, I am. Yes, I am. Yes, mine. I'm going to have one. Mine. I'm not cryin' because of me, I'm cryin' because of somebody else. You mean a farm? Well. What kinda job is it? Tennessee? Yes, sir. What's the use, there ain't none. Mr. Hillyer, I know it was bad and I hadn't ought to of done it. But I'm only a human girl and I... I ain't always perfect. I promise I won't let him in the house no more, I promise. Won't you and Mrs. Hillyer forgive me? Under the mattress. I hid 'em so you wouldn't be mad. He wants to marry me, he loves me. I can't marry him, he's too young and hasn't got no job, but he loves me... now you wouldn't hurt him, would you? He's a nice boy, you'd like him. He wants to be a fireman. Well, Mr. Hillyer, Billy's very poor, he don't have no money and there wasn't no place else to go. Well, it's Billy. There ain't nobody here, Mr. Hillyer! Honest, there ain't! Yes, sir. Yes, air. I didn't mean to bite him, I really didn't. I didn't mean to bite him. He was hitting Horton with a blackjack in the meanest way and... and I bit him accidental. Well, I don't know what happened. They were arguin' about baseball, then all of 'em started fightin'. As for that policeman, I didn't bite him, I don't think I bit him. I got an awful bad cold. Oh, no, sir. Boy, for four or five days there I didn't think I'd live. But I'm my old self again! Wonderful. Except I can touch the place back there with my tongue, I wouldn't even know I had that tooth pulled. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I'm not hungry. Ohhh-hh, ohhh... Yes, sir. Yes, Mr. Hillyer, it was. I... I heard strange voices in the night. It'll do just fine. Bye-bye, see you later. Oh, I'll just mosey around here and there. Oh, anywhere downtown. Yes, sir. I had to go to the bathroom. My rose. It's kind of like a motto. People will say, there comes Rose with her rose. There are more on the other side. Well, it has buttons. Why, sure, always got time to get you a half-a-cup, and one of these days I'm gonna get you a whole cup and see what happens. You're so sweet. Yeah. I'm goin' out. Nothin'. I got myself up, that's all. No, sir. Nothin', just goin' to the bathroom. Oh, I know. She's so sweet, she's been so good to me... Oh-h, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Mr. Hillyer... I just... couldn't help myself. I'm sorry... Don't make me... me... me... get up! No, no! You don't understand, I love you! It's real love and I can't help it! Please kiss me, Mr. Hillyer, I love you, I love you so much... Yes, crazy about you! Kiss me, Mr. Hillyer! I... I'll get the grits. Oh, I don't know, I... I... Yes, sir. Yes, sir. And who do you suppose he is? That policeman who arrested me, the one I bit! He is Mr. Right! You'll never guess what happened! I have met Mr. Right! I been with him all day and he loves me, I know he does, he loves me and he's going to marry met Be's practi'cly ast me already! I was offered that job as a waitress. I don't mind. Oh, I know. But I didn't, really. Honestly, I didn't. There was only one, but he's out of town and leave no forwardin' address. Oh-h, Mrs. Hillyer, I... I can't think. I... I'm not really sure. Well, I... I... I don't know... maybe it was... but no, you can't be sure about a thing like that. It wasn't Billy, I didn't know him. I'm not hungry. I can't eat nothin', I haven't been able to eat since I got fired. I think maybe I'm sick. I don't want to. When I was lyin' there in that hospital bed at death's door I says to myself, I ain't goin' out no more. If I ever get outta this, I'll just stay home. Well, you're real sweet to make it for me. There never was nobody like you. And you don't need to worry, I ain't goin' out no more. Yeah, it's kinda nice. What? Wha-at? Mrs. Hillyer? Yes, ma'am. No more dentists, no more dentists... Never again, never again... Oh-hh, ohh-hh, Lord, he's gonna kill me. I'm not goin' in there, I don't like the looks of it! Ohh-hh, a little. Oh-h, I ain't never been to no dentist before. He's gonna kill me, I just know it. I don't want to go to the dentist. Oh... oh... oh! I think... maybe... one of 'em... was Foster... but I don't hardly know him! Mrs. Hillyer, I don't know who he is, I really don't. Yes, Ma'am. Oh, no, that's the style. It's meant to be clinging. No, ma'am, I'm just fine. Yes, Ma'am. I like to work. I don't mind work. It's the least I can do after all you and Mr. Hillyer have done for me. You're so sweet. There never was nobody like you. You're so sweet. It must be wonderful to be so smart. I don't see how you do it, reading all those books, learning all that stuff. Are you going to get your degree soon? What are you studying now, Mrs. Hillyer? Oh, no, ma'am.NO!! We're going all the way! You got that, Dyson? Those lying motherfuckers! What chip? Shut up! SHUT UP!! Motherfucker! It's all your fault! IT'S YOUR FAULT!! John, get out of the way!! Ready. Go! I'll finish here. Yeah. Right. How were you supposed to know? Fucking men... all you know how to do is thrust into the world with your... fucking ideas and your weapons. Did you know that every gun in the world is named after a man? Colt, Browning, Smith, Thompson, Kalashnikov... all men. Men built the hydrogen bomb, not women... men like you thought it up. You're so creative. You don't know what it's like to really create something... to create a life. To feel it growing inside you. All you know how to create is death... you fucking bastards. I love you, John. I always have. I couldn't... oh, God. You... came here... to stop me? I need to know how Skynet get built. Who's responsible? I don't trust it! These things are hard to kill, John, believe me, I know. We may never have this opportunity again. We're better off by ourselves. It, John. Not him. It. Out of the way, John! Kyle, don't go! I know, but I'm not as strong as I'm supposed to be. I can't do it. I'm screwing up the mission. I know! They took him from me. Oh, God... Kyle. I need you so much. Oh. Yeah. They... make me take this stuff... You're already dead, Silberman. Everybody here dies. You know I believe that. So don't fuck with me! There's 215 bones in the human body, motherfucker. That's one. Now don't move! So what do you think, Doctor? I've shown a lot of improvement, haven't I? If I had, there would have been some evidence. They would have found something at the factory. You said I could be transferred to the minimum security wing and have visitors if I showed improvement in six months. Well, it's been six months, and I was looking forward to seeing my son. It has helped me a lot to have a goal, something to look forward to. Are you afraid? It's finally over. Is it safe for them here? Can you get us in there, past security? Son of a bitch, I knew it! I want to know everything. What he looks like. Where he lives. Everything. Jesus. How much do you know about Dyson? Why attack Russia? And Skynet fights back. Uh huh, great. Then those fat fucks in Washington figure, what the hell, let a computer run the whole show, right? Then what? Why him? Doesn't want you thinking too much, huh? I'll bet. Makes you a more efficient killer, right? You look like handmade shit. Can it be destroyed? This T-1000... what happens when you shoot it?