Leave it Did you change your hair? No. You might wanna think about it Awesome shoes. I'm sure you won't find Padua any  different than your old school.  Same  little asswipe mother-fuckers  everywhere. Any questions? Then go forth.  Scoot   I've got  deviants to see. Patrick Verona.  I see we're making our  visits a weekly ritual. It says here you exposed yourself to a  group of freshmen girls. With the teeth of your zipper? Well, then.  Oh, yes.  I guess that  does it for our analysis of The Old Man  and the Sea.  Any other comments? Kat? Why didn't we just read the Hardy Boys? I'm sorry? This book is about a guy and his  fishing habit.  Not exactly a crucial  topic. Frankly, I'm baffled as to why we still  revere Hemingway.  He was an abusive,  alcoholic misogynist who had a lot of  cats. That's enough, Mr. Dorsey. I guess the school board thinks because  Hemingway's male and an asshole, he's  worthy of our time What about Colette?  Charlotte Bronte?   Simone de Beauvoir? Katarina Stratford.  My, my.  You've  been terrorizing Ms. Blaise again. Expressing my opinion is not a  terrorist action. Well, yes, compared to your other  choices of expression this year, today's  events are quite mild.  By the way,  Bobby Rictor's gonad retrieval operation  went quite well, in case you're  interested. I still maintain that he kicked himself  in the balls.  I was merely a spectator. The point is Kat -- people perceive you  as somewhat ... Tempestuous? No ... I believe "heinous bitch" is the  term used most often. You might want to work on that As always, thank you for your excellent  guidance. Not really. The whole folio.  All the plays. The fact that you're cutting gym so you  can T.A. Sophomore English just to hear  his name, is a little without in itself  if you ask me. Patrick Verona   Random skid. I'm sure he's completely incapable of  doing anything that interesting. Block E? Mandella, eat.  Starving yourself is a  very slow way to die. What's this? I realize that the men of this fine  institution are severely lacking, but  killing yourself so you can be with  William Shakespeare is beyond the scope  of normal teenage obsessions.  You're  venturing far past daytime talk show  fodder and entering the world of those  who need very expensive therapy. Okay, say you do it.  You kill  yourself, you end up in wherever you end  up and he's there.  Do you really think  he's gonna wanna dace a ninety pound  compulsive who failed volleyball? Yeah, and I noticed the only part of  you featured in your big Kmart spread  was your elbow.  Tough break. The people at this school are so  incredibly foul. Remove head from sphincter!  Then  pedal! "Undulating with desire, Adrienne  removes her crimson cape, revealing her  creamy --" In the microwave. Sadly, no.  But it's only four-thirty. Where've you been? Nowhere... Hi, Daddy. How touching. I guess I got in What's a synonym for throbbing? I know. You decided. Is there even a question that we want  her to stay? Ask Bianca who drove her home Swollen...turgid. Now don't get upset. Daddy, but there's  this boy... and I think he might ask... What if she never starts dating? But it's not fair -- she's a mutant,  Daddy! This from someone whose diary is  devoted to favorite grooming tips? But she doesn't want to date. Tumescent! Can we make this quick?  Roxanne  Korrine and Andrew Barrett are having an  incredibly horrendous public break- up  on the quad.  Again. You're asking me out.  That's so cute.   What's your name again? No, no, it's my fault -- we didn't have  a proper introduction --- The thing is, Cameron -- I'm at the  mercy of a particularly hideous breed of  loser.  My sister.  I can't date until  she does. Unsolved mystery.  She used to be  really popular when she started high  school, then it was just like she got  sick of it or something. Gosh, if only we could find Kat a  boyfriend... So he has this huge raging fit about  Sarah Lawrence and insists that I go to  his male-dominated, puking frat boy,  number one golf team school. I have no  say at all. William didn't even go to high school Neither has his heterosexuality. I appreciate your efforts toward a  speedy death, but I'm consuming. Do you mind? If I was Bianca, it would be, "Any  school you want, precious.  Don't forget  your tiara." Janice Parker is an idiot I don't understand, Patrick.  You  haven't done anything asinine this week.   Are you not feeling well? I'm at a loss, then.  What should we  talk about? Your year of absence? Why don't we discuss your driving need  to be a hemorrhoid? You weren't abused, you aren't stupid,  and as far as I can tell, you're only  slightly psychotic -- so why is it that  you're such a fuck-up? Fine.  Go do something repugnant and  give us something to talk about next  week. C'esc ma tete. This is my head I don't want to know how to say that  though.  I want to know useful things.   Like where the good stores are.  How  much does champagne cost?  Stuff like  Chat.  I have never in my life had to  point out my head to someone. Forget French. How is our little Find the Wench A Date  plan progressing? Show me Give me a sign when he walks by.  And  don't point. Where? My God, he's repulsive. He's so  perfect! Sweating like a pig, actually.  And  yourself? My mission in life. Obviously, I've struck your fancy. So,  you see, it worked.  The world makes  sense again. Oh, right.  Friday. Like where?  The 7-Eleven on Burnside?   Do you even know my name, screwboy? Doubtful.  Very doubtful. Have you ever considered a new look? I  mean, seriously, you could have some  potential buried under all this  hostility. I have the potential to smack the crap  out of you if you don't get out of my  way. Can you at least start wearing a bra? I don't really think you warrant that  strong an emotion. And why would I do that? You -- covered in my vomit. Are you following me? Hi Depends on the topic. My fenders don't  really whip me into a verbal frenzy. Hey -- do you mind? Then tell them I had a seizure. I thought you were punishing me. Because you're making decisions for me. So what I want doesn't matter? I want to go to an East Coast school! I  want you to trust me to make my own  choices.  I want -- A "copine" is someone you can count on.   An "ami" is someone who makes promises  he can't keep. I counted on you to help my cause. You  and that thug are obviously failing.   Aren't we ever going on our date? You're sweet. Eber's Deep Conditioner every two days.   And I never, ever use a blowdryer  without the diffuser attachment. You did? I think I like the white shirt Expensive? Hopefully. Have you heard about Bogey Lowenstein's  party? I really, really, really wanna go, but  I can't.  Not unless my sister goes. Lesbian?  No. I found a picture of  Jared Leto in one of her drawers, so I'm  pretty sure she's not harboring same-sex  tendencies. Who knows?  All I've ever heard her say  is that she'd dip before dating a guy  that smokes. Can you turn down the Screaming  Menstrual Bitches?  I'm trying to study. Don't tell me you're actually going  out?  On a school night, no less. Oh my God, does this mean you're  becoming normal? It means that Gigglepuss is playing at  Club Skunk and we're going. Oh, I thought you might have a date I don't know why I'm bothering to ask,  but are you going to Bogey Lowenstein's  party Saturday night? What do you think? I think you're a freak.  I think you do  this to torture me.  And I think you  suck. Let's hit it. No fear. Hello!  We'd like two for Gigglepuss! I need agua! Shit Two waters. You're not fooling anyone. That's what you want, isn't it? You're not surrounded by your usual  cloud of smoke. Oh, really? You know who The Raincoats are? What? Who cares? Gigglepuss was so beyond. So true. You're completely demented. Dear God, stay away from her.  If you  two ever decided to breed, evil would  truly walk the earth. She's obviously not going. Daddy, I -- If you must know, we were attempting to  go to a small study group of friends. It's just a party. Daddy, but I knew  you'd forbid me to go since "Gloria  Steinem" over there isn't going -- Daddy, people expect me to be there! You're ruining my life'  Because you  won't be normal, I can't be normal. What's normal? Bogey Lowenstein's party is normal, but  you're too busy listening to Bitches Who  Need Prozac to know that. Can't you forget for just one night  that you're completely wretched? At least I'm not a clouted fen- sucked  hedge-pig. Like I'm supposed to know what that  even means. It's Shakespeare.  Maybe you've heard  of him? Yeah, he's your freak friend Mandella's  boyfriend.  I guess since I'm not  allowed to go out, I should obsess over  a dead guy, too. I know about the goddamn party.  I'm  going. It's just a party. Daddy. Daddy, no! You are so completely unbalanced. Can we go now? Why? I'm driving. Wait -- was that?-- Did your hairline  just recede? Away. Leave my sister alone. "I'm getting trashed, man." Isn't that  what you're supposed to do at a party? Funny, you're the only one Where did he go?  He was just here. Who? Joey. Hi. You know Chastity? Great Would you mind getting me a drink,  Cameron? Surprise me. Queen Harry? Neat... I'll be right back. He practically proposed when he found  out we had the same dermatologist. I  mean. Dr. Bonchowski is great an all,  but he's not exactly relevant party  conversation. Is he oily or dry? Combination.  I don't know -- I thought  he'd be different.  More of a  gentleman... Bianca, I don't think the highlights of  dating Joey Dorsey are going to include  door-opening and coat-holding. Sometimes I wonder if the guys we're  supposed to want to go out with are the  ones we actually want to go out with,  you know? All I know is -- I'd give up my private  line to go out with a guy like Joey. Bianca, I need to talk to you -- I need  to tell you -- I really don't think I need any social  advice from you right now. I want another one I'm fine. I'm I just need to lie down for awhile I know, just let me sleep Okay, I'll just sleep but stay awake,  okay? This is so patronizing. Why 're you doing this? You don't care if I die Why? Like you could find one Just let me sit down. Who? I hate him. Hey man. . .  You don ' t think I can  be "cool"?  You don't think I can be  "laid back" like everyone else? You know what they say What? Go away Dinner taste better on the way out? I don't get you.  You act like you're  too good for any of this, and then you  go totally apeshit when you get here. You're welcome. I have to be home in twenty minutes. I don't have to be home 'til two. Tons Cameron? Do you think you could give me a ride  home? It's my car. But it's Gigglepuss - I know you like  them.  I saw you there. When you were gone last year -- where  were you? Were you in jail? No, you weren't Why'd you lie? I should do this. This. My father wouldn't approve of that that Oh, so now you think you know me? The only thing people know about me is  that I'm "scary". He just wants me to be someone I'm not. You know -- you're not as vile as I  thought you were. I was? Well, no... But Well now, did everyone have a good  weekend? Okay then.  Well. Oh, yes I'd like you all to write your own  version of Shakespeare's Sonnet #141. Any form you'd like.  Rhyme, no rhyme,  whatever.  I'd like to see you elaborate  on his theme, however. Let's read it  aloud, shall we? Anyone? Derek? I didn't have a choice. I did Bianca a favor and it backfired. I got drunk.  I puked.  I got rejected.   It was big fun. Can you even imagine?  Who the hell  would go to this a bastion of commercial  excess? Listen to you!  You sound like Betty,  all pissed off because Archie is taking  Veronica. You ' re looking at this from the wrong  perspective.  We're making a statement. Hi, Joey. You know the deal.  I can ' t go if Kat  doesn't go -- Since when? What are you doing here? You 're so -- Unwelcome. Don't for one minute think that you had  any effect whatsoever on my panties. Other than my upchuck reflex? Nothing. Sir, I'd like to state for the record  that Mr. Verona ' s current  incarceration is unnecessary.  I never  filed a complaint. But, Mr. Chapin, I hardly think a  simple serenade warrants a week of  detention.  There are far more hideous  acts than off-key singing being  performed by the student body on a  regular basis. Wait, Mr. Chapin.  There's something  I've always wanted to show you. These. Thank you, Mr. Chapin. He left!  I sprung the dickhead and he  cruised on me. C'mon.  It's not that bad Put your right foot there -- You want me to climb up and show you  how to get down? You shit! The Partridge Family? Good call. I dazzled him with my wit Yeah, well, don't let it get out Acting the way we do. I don't like to do what people expect.   Then they expect it all the time and  they get disappointed when you change. Something like that How? For. . . ? Damn it! State trooper? The duck? I know the porn career's a lie. Tell me something true. No -- something real.  Something no one  else knows. What? You're amazingly self-assured. Has  anyone ever told you that? Is that a request or a command? No. No, I won't go with you Because I don't want to. It's a stupid  tradition. Why are you doing this? All of it -- what's in it for you? Create a little drama?  Start a new  rumor?  What? You tell me. Answer the question, Patrick Quick question -- are you going to the  prom? Then Guillermo says, "If you go any  lighter, you're gonna look like an extra  on 90210." do you listen to this crap? Me.  This endless ...blonde babble. I'm  like, boring myself. What good stuff? Like my fear of wearing pastels? I'm kidding.  You know how sometimes you just become  this "persona"?  And you don't know how  to quit? Okay -- you're gonna need to learn how  to lie. Would you rather be ravished by a  pirate or a British rear admiral? Daddy, I want to discuss the prom with  you. It's tomorrow night -- No, but He's not a "hot rod".  Whatever that  is. Fine.  I see that I'm a prisoner in my  own house.  I'm not a daughter. I'm a  possession! They'll dance, they'll kiss, they'll  come home.  Let her go. Listen, I know you hate having to sit  home because I'm not Susie High School. Like you care. I do care. But I'm a firm believer in  doing something for your own reasons,  not someone else ' s . I wish I had that luxury. I'm the only  sophomore that got asked to the prom and  I can't go, because you won ' t. Joey never told you we went out, did  he? What? In 9th.  For a month Why? He was, like, a total babe But you hate Joey Now I do.  Back then, was a different  story. As in... He said everyone was doing it.  So I  did it. You did what? Just once.  Afterwards, I told him I  didn't want to anymore.  I wasn't ready.   He got pissed.  Then he broke up with  me. But After that, I swore I'd never do  anything just because "everyone else"  was doing it.  And I haven't since.  Except for Bogey's party, and my  stunning gastro-intestinal display -- Why didn't you tell me? I wanted to let you make up your own  mind about him. No. you didn't!  If you really thought  I could make my own decisions, you  would've let me go out with him instead  of helping Daddy hold me hostage. That's not I'm not stupid enough to repeat your  mistakes. I guess I thought I was protecting you. God, you're just like him! Just keep me  locked away in the dark, so I can't  experience anything for myself Not all experiences are good, Bianca.  You can't always trust the people you  want to. I guess I'll never know, will I? Come in. Feel like shopping? Dr. Ruth? Hi, Mommy. Honey, you look beautiful! You like?  My date should be here in  five. I have a date, Daddy.  And he ' s not a  captain of oppression like some men we  know. Let's go. Have a great time, honey! Hey, guys. I'm going to the prom. See  you in a few. Your daughters went to the prom. Absolutely not. How'd you get a tux at the last minute? It's just something I had.  You know Look, I'm  -- sorry -- that I  questioned your motives.  I was wrong. are you ready? C'mon.  Let's get this over with. Quite the ostentatious display Who? Oh, honey -- tell me we haven't'  progressed to full-on hallucinations. What are you doing here? You think you ' re the only sophomore  at the prom? I did. And just so you know, my date isn't  planning on spending most of the night  in his backseat. Joey Dorsey is only after one thing - -  your cherry. He practically made a  public announcement. I wanted to tell you What? That ' s completely adorable! That's for making my date bleed That's for my sister. And that's for me. You were paid to take me out!  By --  the one person I truly hate.  I knew it  was a set-up! Really?  What was it like?  A down  payment now, then a bonus for sleeping  with me? You are so not what I thought you were. Are you sure you don't want to come  with us?  It'll be fun. I ' m sure . You looked beautiful last night, you  know. So did you I hope so. Yeah.  She left with some bikers Big  ones.  Full of sperm. No, Daddy. Parts of it. The part where Bianca beat the hell out  of some guy. What's the matter?  Upset that I rubbed  off on her? When I go? For what? Family emergency. Let go! You set me up. I just wanted -- What? To completely damage me?  To send  me to therapy forever? What? No! I just wanted Ladies?  Shall we take a trip to my  office? So you're the real bitch Yes!  Okay?  Yes -- I'm the real bitch.   I wanted her to get a boyfriend so I  could.  Apparently, this makes me a  horrible person.  I'm sorry. I swear -- I didn't know about the  money.  I didn't even know Joey was  involved.  I would never intentionally  hurt you, Kat. Do you care to respond? Am I supposed to feel better? Like,  right now?  Or do I have some time to  think about it? Just smack her now. We'll be getting back to you. What, no hug? Is that woman a complete fruit-loop or  is it just me? It's just you. All right.  I'm assuming everyone found  time to compose, their poems. Except for  Mr. Dorsey, who's still in ICU. Would anyone care to read theirs aloud? I'11 go Oh, Lord. Please proceed. I hate the way you talk to me/ and the  way you cut your hair/ I hate the way  you drive my car/ I hate it when you  stare. I hate your big dumb combat boots/ and  the way you read my mind/ I hate you so  much it makes me sick/ it even makes me  rhyme. I hate the way you're always right/ I  hate it when you lie/ I hate it when you  make me laugh/ even worse when you make  me cry/ I hate it that you're not  around/ and the fact that you didn't  call/ But mostly I hate the way I don '  t hate you/ not even close, not even a  little bit, not even any at all. A Fender Strat. You bought this? Is that right? You can't just buy me a guitar every  time you screw up, you know. And don't just think you can Why is my veggie burger the only burnt  object on this grill? Oh, Bianca?  Can you get me my freshman  yearbook? They do not! You're freaked over this, aren't you? He's more than freaked.  He's froke I'd like to call your attention to  Patrick Verona's stunning bad-ass look  of 1995 --- Patrick -- is that- a. Perm? 