Oh, you're very clever. Let's make love, you silly, hairy little man. I'll tell you all in due time, after we make love. But first, tell me another poem. Yes. Do you mind if I ask you a personal question? Kiss me. Thank you, that's beautiful. To your health. That's very clever. Do you know any other poems? How do you feel, Mr. Cunningham? Care for some saki? In Japan, men come first and women come second. May I wash you? Don't you like girls, Mr. Cunningham? Come in, and I'll show you everything you need to know. Come in. It's for the mining industry, Mr. Cunningham. We can talk about business later. But first, let me slip into something more comfortable. Virtucon's main interest is in cable television, but they do have a subterranean construction division, yes. How did you know? You may. What do you want, Mr... Cunningham, was it? I thought you'd quit while you were ahead.Please allow me to demonstrate. They're mutated sea bass. Sea bass. Well, we experimented with lasers, but you would be surprised at how heavy they are. They actually outweighed the piranha themselves, and the fish, well, they sank to the bottom and died. It's about the sharks. Since you were frozen, they've been placed on the Endangered Species List. We tried to get some, but it will take months to clear up the red tape. Dr. Evil? Thank you, Herr Doctor. These are the latest word in android replicant technology. Lethal, efficient, brutal. And no man can resist their charms. Send in the soldiers! Ya wohl-- I mean, yes wohl, Herr Doctor. I have created the ultimate weapon to defeat Austin Powers. Bring on the Fembots! Yes. Scott! Well, after a few years, we got sort of impatient. Dr. Evil, I want you to meet your son. Remember when we froze your semen, you said that if it looked like you weren't coming back to try and make you a son so that a part of you would live forever?I love you, Vanessa. No, it's been too long. Best to leave things alone. I know. Let me just say this: Austin was the most loyal and caring friend I ever had. Austin is very charming, very debonair. He's handsome, witty, has a knowledge of fine wines, sophisticated, a world-renowned photographer. Women want him, men want to be him. He's a lover of love-- every bit an International Man of Mystery. Of course not. I was married to your father. Just wait. Once Austin gets you in his charms, it's impossible to get out. You have to understand, in Britain in the Sixties you could be a sex symbol and still have bad teeth. It didn't matter. You can't judge him by modern standards. He's very much a product of his times. In my day he could have any woman he wanted. Because you managed to resist Austin Power's charms. I'm proud of you. You didn't... How's Austin? Oh, hello Vanessa. How was the flight?Kiss me. I love you, Austin. I have something to tell you. I'll secure the perimeter. Austin, I'm coming with you. Are you crazy? I believe you, Austin. Let's go. Likewise. Oh, behave! Austin, what's your point? I'll hurry back. I'm not going anywhere. We're a team. What do we do now? Shut up. Yes. Indeed. No, no, no. We'll use the floss to get to the ledge. Sadly, no. Hold on! I always keep this on me just in case. Not now, Austin. Thank God, Austin, we made it. Austin, we don't look anything like our photo badges. I'm looking at you, and the whole time I can't help thinking you had your willie inside her hootchie-kooch. You know who. Do you think she's prettier than I? I'll tell him. By the way, I've decided we should keep our relationship strictly professional. Basil was very concerned to know where you were last night. Thirty years of political and social upheaval. The fall of the Berlin wall, a female Prime Minister of England, the abolishment of Apartheid, a fascinating tapestry of human strum und drang. You just don't get it, do you, Austin? Good night. Welcome to the Nineties, you're going to be very lonely. Well, it means something to me. If you want us to have a relationship, you've got to be a one-woman man. Not in the Nineties. No, did you use a condom? I can't believe you made love to her just like that. Did you use protection? Listen, I know I'm just being neurotic, but I can't shake this suspicious feeling about that Italian secretary, Ms. Fagina. I mean, I don't want to sound paranoid, but I've had some bad relationships in the past, and I have some jealousy issues. You went to her penthouse. It makes me feel so small to give into these insecurities, but I can't help but feel this weird, irrational, unfocused... well, jealousy. I'm sorry. Austin, may I have a word with you? Really, Austin! It's not that I'm drunk, I'm just beginning to see what my Mum was talking about. What was my mother like back in the Sixties? I'm dying to know. I'm not. I'm the sensible one. I'm always the designated driver. I am not. Always wanting to have fun, that's you in a nutshell. Why? I haven't had fun like that since college. Go! Just go! Watch out, you're on my hair! I couldn't have another bite. I hate having my picture taken. Unfortunately, while you told that stupid story, Dr. Evil has escaped. I don't get it. We can't just sit here, Austin. Let's go get him! How do you know? A limousine has just pulled up. Why? Do you want to talk to him? Why did you leave so soon? Oh, I forgot to tell you, they're prescription X-ray glasses. I have very bad astigmatism. Here, use mine. I'm sure. No, actually. I don't know how to put this really. Well, there have been fabulous advances in the field of dentistry. Yes, we've had it retrofitted with a secure cellular phone, an on-board computer, and a Global Geosynchronous Positioning Device. Oh, and finally, this. I understand that, Mr. Powers, but let me be perfectly clear with you, perhaps to the point of being insulting. I will never have sex with you, ever. If you were the last man on Earth and I was the last woman on Earth, and the future of the human race depended on our having sex simply for procreation, I still would not have sex with you. I hope this is part of the unfreezing process. What? Sure. We don't use the term 'Negro' anymore. It's considered offensive. A Chigro? Mr. Powers, please. I know that you must be a little confused, but we have a very serious situation at hand. I would appreciate it if you'd concentrate on our mission and give your libido a rest. I'm sorry? Excuse me? I beg your pardon? I went to Oxford and excelled in several subjects, but I ended up specializing in foreign languages. I wanted to travel -- see the world. In my last year I was accepted into the M.O.D. in the Cultural Studies sector. I thought I was off on an exciting career, but my job was to read everything printed in every country. It's very boring. My whole day is spent reading wedding announcements in Farsi. If I do well with this case, I finally get promoted to field operative... Listen, Mr. Powers, I look forward to working with you, but do me a favor and stop calling me baby. You can address me as Agent Kensington. We have to leave immediately. We've preserved your private jet just as you left it. It's waiting at Heathrow Airport. My mother's doing quite well, thank you very much. My mother's told me all about you. Mr. Powers, my job is to acclimate you to the Nineties. You know, a lot's changed since 1967. I'm on with a friend! Look, I'd better go. I love you. You didn't answer my question, Mum. Did you ever want to? Did you ever... I just don't see it. What about his teeth? Well, God knows he tried, but I've been rather firm with him, Mummy. You didn't tell me he was so obsessed with sex. It's bizarre. Why? Oh, God no, I made him sleep on the couch. He's asleep. Great.