None of this would have happened if Mr.  McAllister hadn't meddled the way he  did.  He should have just accepted  things as they are instead of trying to  interfere with destiny.  You see, you  can't interfere with destiny.  That's  why it's destiny.  And if you try to  interfere, the same thing's going to  happen anyway, and you'll just suffer. Good luck! Good morning, Mr. McAllister. You know what they say about the early  bird. Thanks, Mr. M. No matter what he says, Mr. McAllister  had it out for me from the start.  Oh  sure, he was all smiles and good wishes  and everything, but underneath he was  just as unfair and petty as anybody  else. He'll probably tell you how committed  he was to teaching and democracy and  integrity and all. Don't be fooled. Morals are like lessons, you know, like  the moral of a story; it's what you  learn from a story or a fable or  something. . . That's more like, urn... Ethics is how  you use the morals... that you learn  from a story? I know. Ethics are... Some people say I'm an overachiever,  but I think they're just jealous. My Mom always tells me I'm different --  you know, special. And if you look at  all the things I've accomplished so far,  I think you'd have to agree. Here I am in Oklahoma. I'm just a girl who can't say no... And here I am on KMHS, our student-run  TV station. ..that's why Principal Hendricks made  the controversial announcement that the  littering must stop.  Tracy Flick  reporting. But it was in SGA, the Student  Government Association, where I made my  biggest mark.  I never missed a meeting,  and I volunteered for every committee as  long as I could lead it. I agree with Ashley.  We should rent  the barrels at least a day beforehand.   What happened last time was a travesty,   I mean, we were -- ...the rules of conduct determined by a  culture at a... YOU probably think the worst - that Mr.  Novotny was just taking advantage of one  of his students, but it wasn't like that  at all. Our relationship was based on  mutual respect and admiration. I mean,  during my sophomore year in geometry it  was strictly professional between us --  I mean, nothing. It wasn't until junior year when we  worked together on the yearbook that  things got serious. One night he took us editors out to  celebrate after a deadline. Eventually  Dave and I were left alone and we got to  talking - not like teacher and student,  but like two adults. what? No, I'm not. I'm just really busy. What do you mean? What kind of person  am I? Thank you. Since I grew up without a dad, you  might assume psychologically I was  looking for a father figure. But that had nothing to do with it at  all.  It was just that Dave was so  strong and made me feel so safe and  protected. It was the first time somebody ever saw  the real me, the me that nobody else  knows. When I think back on my relationship  with Mr. Novotny, what I miss most. is  our talks. Peek-a-boo! Your novel? Are you fucking kidding me? ...certain time in history and Now that I have more life experience, I  feel sorry for Mr. McAllister. I mean, anyone who's stuck in the same  little room saying the exact same things  year after year for his whole life,  wearing the same stupid clothes, while  his students go on to good colleges and  move to big cities and do great things  and make loads of money has got to be at  least a little jealous.  It's like my  room says - the weak always try to  sabotage the strong. One thing that's important to know  about me is that I'm an only child.  So  my Mom is really devoted to me, and I  love her so much.  She wants me to do  all the things she wanted to do in life  but couldn't. See, Mom used to be a stewardess for  Northwest and now works as a para-legal.   She likes to write letters to successful  women like Janet Reno and Elizabeth Dole  and ask them how they got to be where  they are and what advice do they have  for me, Tracy, her daughter. Nine times out of ten they say you have  to hold on to your dreams no matter  what.  The pressures women face mean you  have to work twice as hard, and you  can't let anything or anyone stand in  your way. One per person!  Put those back I Ninety-seven.. .ninety-eight. But you know,  winning isn't  everything.  If you play fair and follow  all the rules thoroughly, you'll always  come out ahead.  Win or lose, ethical  conduct is the most important thing.    Just ask Mr. McAllister. Mr. McAllister? Mr. McAllister! Wait up I got all my signatures.  One hundred  and fifty-eight -- way more than I need! Here they are. Could you approve them now?  I'd like  to kick off my campaign right away, you  know, in the morning. Aren't you supposed to keep them? I thought you were supposed to keep  them. Thanks for everything. I can't wait to start campaigning. Hell, you know, Coca-Cola's the world's  number one soft drink, but they spend  more money than anybody on advertising.   I guess that's how come they stay number  one. You know, Mr. M., when I win the  presidency, that means you and I are  going to be spending a lot of time  together next year.  And I for one would  like that time to be harmonious and  productive. Wouldn't you? Okay. That's good. I just wanted to  make sure. Anything wrong? ...You know, Coca-Cola's by far the  number one soft drink... When I win the  presidency we're going to be spending a  lot of time together... a lot of time...  lots and lots and lots of time...  president and advisor. . . ...harmonious and productive... close  and special... you and I...  so close...  so intimate... together... The right side is too high. The right  side. Just a smidge. Who put you up to this? Who put you up to this? You just woke up this morning and  suddenly decided to run for president? Thought what? So Mr. McAllister asked you to run. Okay, Mr. Popular.  You're on. You might think it upset me that Paul  Metzier had decided to run against me,  but nothing could be further from the  truth.  He was no competition for me: it  was like apples and oranges. It just  meant I had to work a little harder,  that's all. You see, I believe in the voters. They  understand that elections aren't just  popularity contests. They know this  country was built by people just like me  who work very hard and don't have  everything handed to them on a silver  spoon. Not like some rich kids who everybody  likes because their fathers own Metzier  Cement and give them trucks on their  sixteenth birthday and throw them big  parties all the time.  They don't ever  have to work for anything. They think they can all of a sudden one  day out of the blue waltz right in with  no qualifications whatsoever and try to  take away what other people have worked  for very, very hard their entire lives.   No, it didn't bother me at all I What? I told you ... I can't. I just -- It  doesn't feel right anymore, you know? If you could just get out of your head. I said no! Don't you fucking knock? Paul, get out! I gotta go. You dumbshit! You know how they say one day a big  meteor might come and crash into the  Earth and kill everybody? Well, I think  that would be a good thing. Lisa Stop! Wait! Where 're you going? I'm not like you. What...? I'm not a dyke, okay, and we're not in  love. We were just... I was just  experimenting. How can something that seems so true  turn out to be such a lie? I mean Lisa and I were destined to be  together. It was so obvious. Of all the  people on the planet who had ever lived,  somehow we'd found each other. Lisa... I remember one time Lisa and I did an  experiment with asparagus to see how  long it takes your pee to smell. We peed  a little every five minutes. For her it took about fifteen minutes,  and for me it was twenty. Everyday I found some new way to tell  Lisa I loved her. But it just seemed like the closer we  got, the more she pulled away. Are you crazy? What? People can see this. So? These are private -- these are for us. I know. But other people can see them too. I don't care. Well, I do. What did I do to make her change?  What's wrong with me? Lisa. Sometimes when I'm sad, I sit and watch  the power station. They say if you lie between two of the  main wires, your body just evaporates.   You become a gas.  I wonder what that  would feel like. I don ' t know what I did to make Lisa  hate me so much, but somehow she decided  to hurt roe. And she knew exactly what  to do. I've wanted this for so long. Sorry. I had to do something.  I didn't know  what, but I had to do something. Jim, don't.  You're scaring him. Here.  Give him to me. is little Darryl dizzy?  That's it. .  come here. . . You got him? Yeah. You gonna do it? You gonna do it? Come on, doit. Doit. Fill me up. Come  on, fill me up Do it! Okay! Could you hand me the remote? Say, Jim. Jim. Could you get this? I can't More this way. What do you think? I can't afford this stuff right now. You sure? Should we get a what? Oh. That's not funny. How'd it go? You guys have fun? What? Oh, Jim! Oh, God! Fuck me, Mr. McAllister You're the advisor.  You should stop  her.  She's not qualified.  She's just a  sophomore. Are you sure all her signatures are  real?  It's not easy to get all those  signatures. It's a conflict of interest.  And Paul  was first. Let me see them.  Let me see them These are a bunch of burn-outs. And  look at this one, I can't even read this  one. She's doing this to get back at me I mean at you. I don't know.  You're her brother you  should know. Tim Kobza?  Tim Kobza!  Who's he? I've  never heard of him! Poet Henry David Thoreau once wrote, "I  cannot make my days longer, so I strive  to make them better."  With this  election, we here at Millard also have  an opportunity to make our high school  days better.  During this campaign I  have had the opportunity to speak with  many of you about your concerns.  I  spoke with freshman Eliza Ramirez, who  told me how alienated she feels from her  own homeroom.  I spoke with sophomore  Reggie Banks, who said his mother works  in a cafeteria and can't afford to buy  him enough spiral notebooks for his  classes.  I won't bore you with long- winded promises about all the new and  innovative things I will definitely  achieve during the year in which it will  be my honor and privilege to represent  each and every one of you, but I can say  that my years of experience on the  student council have taught me the three  most important attributes the president  needs to possess;  commitment - The three most important attributes the  president needs to possess are:  commitment, qualifications, and  experience.  I'll add one more; caring.   I care about Millard, and I care about  each and every one of you, and together  we can all make a difference.  One of  the things I would like to establish is  a regular open forum where any student  can come and voice their concern about  issues we face here at Millard.  I and  the rest of the student council would  then interface with the faculty and  staff, so a continuous dialogue would  exist. When you cast your vote for Tracy Flick  next week, you won't just be voting for  me.  You'll be voting for yourself and  for every other student Our days won't  be any longer, but they can sure be  better.  Thank you. Who cares about this stupid election? We all know it doesn't matter who gets  elected president of Millard. You think  it's going to change anything around  here, make one single person happier or  smarter or nicer? The only person it  matters to is the one who gets elected.   The same pathetic charade happens every  year, and everyone makes the same  pathetic promises just so they can put  it on their transcripts to get into  college.  So vote for me, because I  don't even want to go to college, and I  don't care, and as president I won't do  anything.  The only promise I make is  that if elected I will immediately  dismantle the student government, so  that none of us will ever have to sit  through one of these stupid assemblies  again! 0h don't vote for me I  Who cares?  Don't vote at all! Being suspended is like getting a paid  vacation.  Too bad it was only three  days Hey -- I said lights I What do you want? Okay, Paul.  Thanks.  Thanks a lot. Now could you leave me alone? Sure, Paul.  No hard feelings. What happened at the speeches was an  unconscienceable travesty. That little  bitch Tammy Metzier wanted to make a  fool out of me. Well, it wasn't going to  work. People do care who wins. Things do  matter. Eric, the "r" is supposed to be green,  not blue. That's okay.  I'm too busy. People are so ungrateful.  If all those  students who cheered for Tammy Metzier  only knew how hard I worked for Millard.   Like all the late nights I spent at the  yearbook office just to give them their  memories. One of my duties was to clean up the  group photos.  It was a cinch with our  new software. Let's see... "save" is Command "S."   Okay. I didn't do this.  I didn't do it. Dave. Did you know Dave's a bed wetter? All his life.  He's tried everything. Yep. This one's clean. I guess you'd better get to work huh?   You're going to be late. Thank you, Jim. Hey Yeah? Take me to that motel.  Like you  wanted. Easy, tiger.  Come by after school.  I'll leave Darryl with the sitter. Three twenty-five. It's not fair.  It's not fair If Paul loses tomorrow, it's not fair.   There has to be another election,  with  posters. Didn't you see? Those posters cost a lot of money we  don't have I  There's no time to make  any more posters, there's no -- It was Tammy I  That's who it was. She should be expelled.  Or worse! When I arrived at school that morning,  I was shocked to find that one of my key  banners had been removed by vandals. I  noticed that a few of my rival's posters  had also been tampered with. Of course,  I was outraged, but one day before the  election is not the time to lose your  head over a couple of posters. When  you're in the public eye, attacks like  that just come with the territory. If it's about the posters, I think it's  so awful. It's a travesty. Wait - are you accusing me? You're not  serious.  I can't... Mr. McAllister, we have  worked together on SGA for three solid  years and... I mean, I can't believe it.   I'm... I'm shocked! Mr. M., I am running on my  qualifications.  I would never need to  resort to, you know, to vandalism like  a, you know... Plus, my own best banner  was torn down.  Did I do that too? I was.  So?  Mr. Pecharda let me in.   As you know, with all my  responsibilities I often come in on the  weekend and have permission to do so.   But I left very early, around 6:30. I don't.  I just know they were there  when I left.  I'm giving you helpful  information is all.  You know, instead  of wasting time interrogating me, we  should be out there trying to find out  who did this. well, I don't know.  It could have been  anybody.  There are a lot of, you know,  subversive elements around Millard.  You  know, like Rick Thieson and Kevin Speck  and those burn-outs.  Or Doug Schenken - what about him?  Or what about Tammy Metzier?  Her whole thing is being anti- this and anti-that. Why are you lecturing me? I don't know what you're referring to,  but I do know that if certain older and  wiser people hadn't acted like such  little babies and gotten all mushy,  everything would be okay. And I think certain older persons like  you and your "colleague" shouldn't be  leaching after their students,  especially when some of them can't even  get their own wives pregnant.  And they  certainly shouldn't be running around  making slanderous accusations.   Especially when certain young, naive  people's mothers are para-legal  secretaries at the city's biggest law  firm and have won many successful  lawsuits. And if you want to keep  questioning me like this, I won't  continue without my attorney present. You wanted to see me, Mr. M.? Okay.  But is this about the posters? Okay.  Because I know who did it.  So.. I'll  just be outside. This ought to be good Well, this is hard for me, but I think  it's important to be honest. Don't you? I'm the one.  I did it.  I tore down  Paul's posters. I did it. This weekend. I don't know. Yesterday.  Sunday. Door was open. I don't know. All I know is I did it I I have proof. You don't know what it's like to grow  up in the shadow of an older brother  like Paul.  it's always Paul, Paul,  Paul, Paul.  Never Tammy.  I'm only  Paul's little sister.  You must be Yes? What do you mean? I told you!  I told you!  You're going to pay for my banner! Dad, I Dear Lord Jesus, I do not often speak  with You and ask for things, but now I  really must insist that You help me win  the election tomorrow, because I deserve  it and Paul Metzier doesn't, as You well  know.  l realize that it was Your divine  hand that disqualified Tammy, and now  I'm asking that You go that one last  mile and make sure to put me in office  where I belong, so that I may carry out  Your will on Earth as it is in Heaven.   If elected I promise that I will pray  more often.  Okay?  Amen. Dear God, I know I don't believe in  you, but since I'll be starting Catholic  school soon, I thought I should  practice.  Let's see... what do I want?   I want people to be nicer to each other.   I want Lisa to realize what a bitch she  has been and feel really bad and  apologize for how she hurt me and know  how much I still love her.  In spite of  everything, I still want Paul to win the  election tomorrow, not that cunt Tracy.   I also want a really expensive pair of  leather pants... and someday I want to  be really good friends with Madonna.   Love, Tammy Mom and I got up at five AM, and  together we custom-iced three hundred  and fifty cupcakes. Mom? Hmmm? I think I'm going to lose today What are you talking about? This time  tomorrow, you'll be president You really think so? Tracy Flick's a winner. Good morning, Mr. M. Looks like you could use a cupcake! What's wrong with your eye?  Are you Attention, everyone.  We have an  important announcement from our  principal. Dr. Hendricks. I hate it. Please, morn.  Please don't make me go  to Sacred Heart.  I beg you. When the time came to cast our votes, I  stood in line just like everyone else. Tracy Enid Flick. Phil you ready? Just wait. Thanks, Phil. Yeah. Good luck to you too, Paul. What do you want, Jim? Yeah.  I'm here. Don't say that.  You know it's not  true. We made a mistake.  Let's not make it  worse. I was lonely.  You took advantage You know that moment when they announce  the winner of a beauty pageant?  When  Miss Texas or whoever suddenly realizes  she's Miss America, and all she can do  is scream and weep and hug the losers?   I had my moment in the hallway that  Tuesday afternoon with no one to hug but  myself. Paul, I just want you to know that no  matter how this turns out, you've run a  wonderful campaign. It's been fun  competing with you. Yeah. Act surprised. Walk slowly to the  podium.  Be modest.  Thank them for this  incredible honor. One vote... one vote Why don't you take a couple of my  pills, darling? You'll feel better. Don ' t worry. .. don ' t worry. . .  sshhhhh... that's it, baby... that's it,  darling. Everything's going to be fine. Maybe you needed more posters, honey.  Or if you'd taken my suggestions about  your speech. I don't know. We'll figure  it out. Uh, Jim? Walt needs to see you. Look at his face!  He knows he's been  caught. Look at his face! Your ass is grass, Mister! Yo -- Tu El/ella - Senor presidente? Quieren verte en la oficina. Okay, Jim. I understand. Catholic school was great! I mean, the teachers kind of sucked,  and they were supposedly way more  strict, but you could get away with  murder. The best thing about Sacred Heart was  meeting Jennifer. All those feelings I had for Lisa were  just preparing me for the real thing.   Jennifer and I are soul mates, and we're  never, ever, ever going to be apart. Senior year was very productive for me  and full of personal achievement. Order.  Order.  Order I  Can we vote on  this?  Those in favor. On top of a very successful student  council year, I got into Cornell like I  wanted, with scholarships, and I was in  the top 7th percentile of my graduating  class. But sometimes I got lonely, and I'd  think about Dave.  I missed our talks.   Maybe it could have worked out between  us.  I don't know. I wonder what he's doing now. Maybe he  finally finished his novel When the yearbooks came out, I was on  almost every page. Paul, will you sign my yearbook? Can I sign yours too? I thought very carefully about what to  write.  Because despite everything that  had happened with the election, I really  wished him well.  I even signed it... Yes, Paul? Thanks.  You too.  It was great working  with you. After graduation, I don't know.  ;  somehow felt empty inside.  I guess high  school just seemed so meaningless now  and I couldn't wait to get out of Omaha.   Next year I was going to make all new  friends.  Smarter, more ambitious  friends.  It was time to move on. There  was nothing left for roe here.  I just  had one more thing to take care of. Hello, Mr. M. I'm looking at new cars. My mother's buying me a new car for  college. Well, I got in everywhere I applied,  but Cornell is my first choice. Sporty. Where to? Yeah. Uh-huh. That sounds good. Yes? Doing what? Nooo.  I just thought...  l mean, I am  looking for a new car.  But I just  thought, well, I'm going away soon, and  you'll be stuck here and, I don't know,  I just think maybe if things had been  different we might have been, well,  friends. Real friends.  And then things  would be different.  Don't you think? I've got an idea. My house. I want you to do something for me. I just have to get something. I'll be  right back. Would you sign it for me? Take as much room as you want I'm scared, Mr. M. I kind of don't feel  ready for college. I hope so 