Wow... Uh... don't see it. There's no signature. But hang on -- there's a note to "See Addendum." Checking... Got it. Okay, but... You didn't have to do what you did. Not for me. Who's... Lieuten -- Administration, Ensign Blondell. More than you'd guess. It's just that we don't hold coffee klatches. If more then three of us get together at any one time, the guys think it's some kind of uprising. Just a friend. We have friends, too, you know. I've been accused of that wish. Just some of the women. Can I ask you somethin', lieutenant? How come you're doing this? I mean, we're kinda curious. They take you away to San Clemente Island. Half the guys quit when they come back. Supposed to be just hell-and-a-half. No problem, lieutenant. B.O.Q., south side. Take a starboard tack out the door.Then set out the good plates, we'll all have lunch. My office will follow up with details. Jumping off, now... "Security"? What the hell you talkin' about? Your base isn't secure? Jordan, dear. How are they treating you? Awright. How's our girl doin', anyway? Well, seein's how this thing is out, you let me handle the r.p.m. From this point forward, I want all press matters coordinated via my office. I'll be god-damned if I'm gonna watch Hayes pull flowers out of his ass and take credit for this one. Him or the President. This my shade? "Midnight Mahogany"? 'Cuz I'm comin' dangerously close to lookin' like Ronald Reagan here. Are you truly mouthin' off to a senior member of the Senate Arms Committee? I mean, I'll give you points for style -- just nothin' for smarts. -- and now I got reporters from Toadsquat, Iowa, calling my office and askin' what I know about this "G.I. Jane" thing. Commander, are you of the habit of letting photographers traipse around your base snappin' their fill? These were supposed to have been discreet test cases -- She made it through S.E.R.E. training. Got a call this morning from -- Yes? Think I overplayed it? I'll act surprised. That aside for the moment, I'm struck by the tenor, the ill-spirit of your report... the degrading remarks by other aviators... innuendo about her performance in unrelated situations... even a reference to her sexual activity the weekend prior. In my seven years on this committee, I've never seen a downed aviator treated like this. Never. I'm deeply disturbed by this report, Mr. Hayes. Not just what it bodes for women in the military -- but for your own confirmation as well. I'd like to think our next Secretary of the Navy would be prepared for anything, Mr. Hayes. Yes, I see your signature right here -- twice the size of everyone else's. And your conclusion was "pilot error," hmm? The Navy's conclusion regarding the crash of an F-14 aboard an aircraft carrier. Female aviator, it just so happens. You're familiar with this report and its conclusion, am I right? "The Lark Report." Well, I'm just an old dame without much time left, so you'll pardon me if I jump right in here before they discontinue my blood-type. I am deeply concerned over the Navy's seemingly incontrovertible attitude toward women in the military. Case in point... Whoa, whoa, whoa. "Land-based maritime specialties." Gimme a second here to de-euphemize that... Well, I spoke with Mr. Hayes this morning myself -- and told him the deal was off. No more test cases. He was only too happy to oblige. Don't play politics with me, little darlin'. You'd be up way past your bedtime. You'll think about my offer? I've had no direct communication with him since this whole thing began. And that's quite verifiable. I once promised you a fast ticket, Jordan, and I always meant to make good on that. Come work for me. I can always use a hard-charger on my team. The reality is this: We send far too many men off to war. I don't need to compound the problem with women. Can you honestly tell me you wanted that life? Squat-pissing in some third-world jungle with -- Jordan. I don't expect you to fully understand this -- but sometimes there's more to be gained from the fight than the victory. I'm saying it's not going to happen. Not when the President is set to turn this into a third-rail issue should I choose to ever campaign against him. He will fry me six ways to Sunday for sending daughters and young mothers off to war -- and, quite possibly, for bringing them back in body bags. In face, I do: Roper, Harris, Gallop -- they all come back the same. What he did was light the bandwagon on fire. Because he knows what I know -- that American families are not prepared to put their daughters in harm's way. Should probably ask him that. Wickwire was there to help. To be my eyes on the inside, to make sure you were getting a fair shot. At least that was the intent. Absolutely not. Jordan. Might we do this over lunch tomorrow? I do very much want to talk, but now is scarcely -- Sounds familiar. Jordan. I always hoped we'd get together -- though just now I'm gearing up for a child-care vote that -- Gonna be visiting that all-woman's America's cup team in a few weeks -- If I were a gambler, I'd say Dennis O'Conner's days are numbered. But they're in San Diego, so I thought I'd take a quick promenade of the base. Hmmm. Maybe I'll ask when I see you in person. There'll be more to follow -- but yes, dear, right now you're the pick of a very large litter. And your success would mean a lot. Jumping, now... Yes, dear. My office will fill him in and help expedite. Look forward to meeting you at the proper time. Jumping off now... This is just a test case, O'Neil. But if it works out -- if you work out -- it could well change the Navy's official policy on women in combat. Or, actually, its official non-policy. Now who's your immediate superior there? California. High-school pentathlete... ROTC scholarship, graduated with honors... top marks in Basic Training... and, as it just so happens, a constituent of my home state of Virginia. Oh, the things I'll do for one extra vote. So everyone I talk to says you're top drawer with silk stockings inside.Not that. The White House just announced that it was sponsoring legislation that would, in one stroke, void all remaining elements of the 1948 Combat Exclusion Laws. Did you hear? Congress and the Pentagon share a lot of plumbing. They'll never know whose leak it is. White House boys want a private meeting.What'd you find, Kathy? Who signed as his "sponsoring officer"? "Wickwire, Thomas Dane." See what you can find. Or rank. But can you do me a favor and pull a transfer order? Don't say my name. But are there... I mean, how many... The woman I saw you with... I don't know if there's any single reason. But my father was Navy. And he had this old-time recruiting poster in his den. It showed a girl trying on a sailor's uniform while saying, "Gee, I wish I were a man! I'd join the Navy!" Was maybe 10 years old when I first saw it, and even then it felt wrong. Made me mad. And I don't think a month has gone by that I haven't thought about that poster. "Gee, I wish I were a man." Who's "we"? That's what I hear. Thank you, ensign. Sir? What did he say? Would you have the discretion to end it right then and there? Sir. If tomorrow... I was not under your command... would the inquiry still go forward? Sir, please... if there's any way to do this without dragging everyone through the mud... I'm saying, we're just friends. Sir, if someone is suggesting that I'm a lesbian, they're wrong. Permission to leave, sir? Sir, I want you to know that I had nothing to do with any of this. Not this article, not -- See me, sir? So I'll get a fair shot? Wouldn't dream of it, sir. Across the board, sir. Same rules for everyone, sir. The shape doesn't bother me. It's just that goddamn rotten stench. No, sir. I think you've resented me from the start, sir. Pardon? I can't afford civility, sir. How am I supposed to fit in with these guys when you've got me set up as an outsider? Even if I make it under these rules, I still lose, because there'll always be a flag in my file -- "Yeah, she made it, but..." I mean, really -- why didn't you just issue me a goddamn petticoat to wear around the base? It's this double-standard, the separate quarters, the deferential treatment. It's how you pulled out my chair and nearly served high tea the first time we met. It's you, sir. And it started the day I came here. Pardon the hour, sir. But you told me to come to you immediately if I felt I was being mistreated in any way. Sir, I just want you to know... I'm not here to make a statement. I don't want to make men look foolish. All I care about is completing the training and getting operational experience -- just like everyone else, I suspect. None at this time, sir. Really, I have no problem with -- Barber was my next stop, sir. Would've had it regulation sooner, only -- Thank you, sir. But I expect a certain amount of pain. I'm fine, sir. Thank you, sir. West? Newberry, get a photo. South? Fine by me, sir! Ah, c'mon... Sir... You know, I wonder what the SecNav would think about it. If I spoke with him. I'm sure it is. You promise Wickwire a fast ticket, too? I wanted the choice. The chance to prove myself, my skills, my work, me. That's how it should've been. So the rhetoric gets you headlines. But the reality gets you in trouble. You were never going to let women serve in combat. You always had a safety net. Or thought you did. What are you saying? That a women's life is more valuable than a man's? That a women's death hurts a family more? You don't know that. So? Isn't the President jumping on your bandwagon? If I have to ask again, Senator, I'll be asking in front of cameras. What changed? Did you set me up? Did you set me up just to see me fail? It should. You nominated him for Spec-Recon just three days after you nominated me. You know him. Lieutenant Thomas Wickwire. Uh, ma'am. Can't complain, ma'am. Would I be the only one? The only woman? Uh, question, ma'am. Captain Dwyer. Technically. I know that, sir. Ma'am. It's just that... Beggin' your pardon, Senator, but... do you understand that this involves combat training? "Coronado." Thank you, ma'am. Um, may I ask what this is regarding? Spotted you, Chief. Pri One is to slip you some air, so we're coming down with a tank -- just something until the A-team shows. Over. Flea, 'Cool, Cortez, Newman -- take your minis, hit the water. Go, GO! Fuck. Basher-Basher, this is Ground Crew Six requesting emergency extraction. Stand by for a PRC fix... Hey. You okay, Flea? Do that. Well, Flea, I appreciate the respect you just showed me. But I don't need it and don't want it -- not that kind of respect, anyway. It's just gonna hurt us both, okay? So it really has nothing to do with actual brain size? Montgomery, why do they call you "Flea"? Sir? Come on, Montgomery... Just do it, okay? I can make this wall without -- Just a coincidence? I was looking for him earlier, but... The Navy Cross... What "all females"? If I'm the only -- I'll try anyway, sir. Thank you, sir. But I like these just fine. Which is guy-speak for... So here we are again. Staring three years of operational duty in the face. Yeah. Me too. You don't crap out of Spec-Recon and get another shot without dispensation from someone up in flag country. He's got a Sea Daddy somewhere. Wickwire said he was dry-docked in Washington between stints at Coronado... "In Washington..." I don't know, I don't care. Sounds like an amazing coincidence. Instructors typically pull three year assignments. This guy's in and out in one year -- your year. That sound right? What about him. I'm tired of fighting back. I just wanted to come home and be safe and have you here and the river there and just forget the rest of the world, okay? It's done with, Royce. Let it go. No shortage of suspects. Maybe. Though it didn't seem like he was getting any satisfaction out of it. Almost like... Did I say he was class officer? All I wanted was an honest chance. And If I couldn't get it, I couldn't stay. Sure. I'll join the crowd. Still can't make up your mind, huh? Gotta go, Royce. Well, let me warm you: I'm going though with this. The more everybody fucks with me, fucks with my head, the more it just makes me want to finish. So don't expect me back crying in your arms any time soon, okay? You know, Royce, I got enough heat on me without you turning up the jets, too. So why are you telling me this? I saw an article... Me? Why me? I feel like there's men here, there's women here -- then there's men. But hey, what'd I expect? It's hard to find time to sleep, Royce. Much less keep up with my phone life. Thank you, Royce. It was shaping up like such a tough call -- and then you go and make it so goddamn easy. Really, thank you so much. You know, right up until you said that -- I thought I did know. Which is guy-speak for... Wai', wait. What happens if it works? Four months of training, three years of operational duty. What then? Sorry. But after our days... So if I try this thing... if I ship out to Coronado... what happens here? Get your dick back here. It has everything to do with you. This has nothing to do with you. You need operational duty to really advance... you need combat training to go operational... yet combat training is off-limits to people with tits. I'm topped out at Intel. Forget the glass ceiling -- I'm beating my head on a big brass ceiling. Royce. We're the same age, we started the same time -- and now you're sitting in the upperdecks while I'm still down in the bullpen. What does that tell you about the Navy? I take it you don't either. Feet. Just like you would be. Is this my glory, sir? Hate this part. Just sweating it out on the sidelines. Thank you, sir. We hear back from the Pentagon? Only four minutes to neutral waters, sir. Why not? Quick-hit technique used by Capone. Rigged a getaway car with running boards and handles. All his guys had to do was jump on and take a ride. Check the files -- DPRK-57 -- I doped it out as a contingency plan: Seal Team infiltrates, picks up the package, links up with recovery sub. But don't waste time opening and closing hatches. They just grab the periscope and hang on for neutral waters. Unless you Whiskey Run. North Korean beaches are the best protected, most heavily monitored in the world. The civilian population is so propagandized that it acts as an Early Warning system. Extraction team has to be small and silent -- I'd go with Seals over Delta Force. Problem is, don't want to hold a conventional sub off-shore for target practice. Where's The Polk? Chances of recovery? Do we know it's him using the beacon? Not a decoy? Not due in for 22 minutes, sir. Watcha got? Lieutenant O'Neil. This is insane. You've got no proof. We're going over to her place to make salad and pasta. Just, you know, nothing special. Do you, uh, know... Thanks for lying. But you're the class officer, Wick, and it'd just be weird if we hook up. Besides... I can't go out. Not like this. First big night of liberty and no date? You're pathetic, Wickwire. Sorry, didn't mean to -- Let's keep talkin', Wick. Just keep talkin' to me... How'd you make it last time, Wick? How'd you get through this part? You got anybody, Wick? He was married? That's a good story. They had to kill 'em? If you got a good one, Wick... You really came back for more? Of this? Wick. They got your crew, too? Who is it? Thanks, Wick. I didn't know they let you try again. Especially at your age. And how do you know that? Whose orders were those? Well, now I feel so much better. Grab an oar, find a way to weight it down, we're gonna need it. Cortez, help him. Flea? You take one of the two full minis -- and just follow my lead. So we got two full mini-tanks, three minutes each. 'Cool? How much air in yours? 'Cool? I'm lookin', I'm lookin'! If not, firing will only give away our position to hostiles in the area. Now how smart is that? I don't know... What, you gonna give it all up for a maple twist? How dumb you gotta be? That's exactly what they -- What're you guys doing? Huh? Shut up, sir. I'm concentrating. Show us where you are, Chief. 15, sir. Chief, sir -- rescue team won't be here for 15 minutes. What's your air situation? Over. Good to see you again, too, sir. Sure. Just like your men do. No. We didn't know we were compromised. Firing would only've given away our position. I think you're the liar. That's not right. No. Yes. I mean, depends on -- Wasn't deemed a threat. Should I be afraid? Green Eggs and Ham. You're not going to get anywhere. You might as well put me in the cage. Dick, Jane, and Spot. "Dad." McCool's that same rank. We're both j.g.'s. It also seems like a problem with the men's attitude, sir. So maybe you should be sniffing around their shower room instead. I see. So when a man tries to rescue another man, he's a hero. But when he tries to rescue a woman, he's gone soft. Sir, someone mentioned you received the Navy Cross. May I ask what you got it for? Permission to get dressed, sir? Chief, sir, I don't understand why -- Say again, sir? Shut your hole, Slutnik. FLEA! KEEP YOUR EYES ON THAT SPOT! Mark it, mark it! Cortez? What the hell you waiting for? Cortez, see if you can dig out the tools without losing the rest of out gear. Try a wrench on that thing. MOVE! All right, fire-and-evade maneuvers. Drop everything but weapons and the PRC radio -- we're gonna be high speed, low drag all the way to the link-up site. Ready? North? Listen, Sex Ape. I'm here to stay. And if you don't want me for a roommate or classmate, you got two options -- move out or ring out. End of file. That your desk? I'll take this one. Funny, the C.O. says I can. Anybody usin' these drawers here? Your new roommate.