And Reverend Edwards? Did you make the list? Hello you two. Am I barging in on some kind of religious study group? Elena, you look marvelous. Will I see you and Ben at the Halford's? It was lovely! You know, it's a California thing. That scuzzy husband of hers dragged her kicking and screaming to one when they were out in L.A. you know, the men put their car keys in a bowl, and then at the end of the evening the women line up and fish them out and go home with whoever's keys they've got. Anyhow that's how she met this Rod person or whatever his name is and he's left his wife and she's packing for California. Irwin is devastated. It's so ironic. And to think -- they met at a key party of all things.Oh you know, for a minute I thought it was -- Ben, I don't think he wants us here. The phone's out. We'll talk in the morning. You'll get some sleep on the couch out there? Ben. Ben, I've got a ride home. Maybe you should sleep this one off on the couch here? We're not going anywhere. Thanks for the diagnosis, Ben. Thank you. So let's just go to this fiasco if that's what you want to do. Let's just go on in. I'd rather talk to anyone else but you. Well, I'm really pleased to hear a confession. You have some marker, that's what I think, if you want to know the truth. You have some marker and you're going to put it on the house keys so that Janey can find them and then when I get back to the house I'll find the two of you in there and Wendy'll be able to hear you and Paul will be back and he'll hear you and I'll catch you, that's what I think. She'll be swearing and banging against the wall and I'll catch -- You're not going to -- Damn it, Ben -- Well? That this was going to be a key party? This just isn't the best moment for this. In the car. Benjamin. That's supposed to explain it? Oh lord. You think I'm so dense. And now you want to be seen with your dense wife at the cocktail party. You want to wear that ridiculous shirt which doesn't go with those pants at all. You want to wear that, and you want me to shake hands with your friends and make conversation and dress up in an outfit that shows a lot of cleavage and you're not going to accord me the respect of talking honestly about this... You don't really know what this feels like. If you're going to insult me -- It's a starting place. Your unfaithfulness -- that's what I'm trying to talk about. Your unfaithfulness. Your betrayal. Your dalliance. And you won't do me the dignity of being up front about it. I'm not surprised. Don't be dim. It wouldn't make a pleasant evening, if that's what you're after. I don't want to talk about it. Stupid mustache cup. I have no idea. Don't start. See for yourself. That one. Oh right. The mustache coffee cup. The one that was sitting on the dash. So what were you doing in the Williams' basement anyway? Up to you. I'd like to go early and leave pretty soon after that. Dinner in ten minutes. The turkey in? Leave it -- I'll wash it for you. That shirt? I wasn't accusing you, Ben. It's just that we've got to be honest. Not just with ourselves, but with the children. No, I didn't mean to sound negative. It was -- But Ben. What is going to happen with us? Have you -- I'm just sad Ben -- I mean it was... you were, but, you know. I just don't know... Ben, maybe no talking right now? If you start talking, you're going to-- I... I think I am... Because you like it on your turkey sandwiches. Oh. Sure, I -- Did you remember to pick up the cranberry sauce? Hmm. Good night. So early? What do you think? The Halfords have invited us again this year. Good night. -- And you haven't moved out yet. It's because you're too lazy, Ben. Too scared or lazy to either deal with us or simply make a decision -- It's you Ben who needs to talk. I've had my say, and I'm waiting to hear back from you. So maybe you'll come too? I did, but -- somebody should probably see her, talk to her... You think she's ok? I've been thinking, Ben, about Wendy. I was going to ask if she'd come with me sometime to meet Dr. Woolens. You're staring at me. Don't be so modest, Ben. It's a job that requires a certain prescience with regards to entertainment trends. You were the first to predict that Billy Jack would be a hit -- No thank you. We should be off. I suppose we'll make an appearance. Thank you Janey. A key party? Sure. Maybe coffee. Yeah. You? Maybe you just need -- look, can you wait here a sec, I need to tidy up -- just a minute, I'll be right back. You'll wait? Well, we can talk about it. Jim, maybe we should just go. I've got to look in on the kids. Paul is supposed to be coming back in from the city. Okay. Shall we clean up around here first? Do you think it's all right-- Now don't make me feel as if I'm being too forward, OK? If you don't -- My husband is probably passed out in the bathroom, or at least he wishes he were. I've been married to him for 17 years and I don't have any intention of going in there to get him... so what I'm proposing is that since your wife has gone off with a boy, and since you are standing here alone, I'm proposing that you and I do what makes sense. Stay warm. Pass some time. That's all. Well, maybe they have one of those filter jobs in the kitchen -- You couldn't have hoped for much better when you came up the walk. Let me. It'll warm you up. Just bundle up. It's supposed to freeze tonight. We'll see you in the morning. What sort of problems are you planning exactly? I suppose. Why? We're going to the Halford's. The number's on the calendar in the kitchen. We should be home around 11. Well, I'm sure your father and I would love to hear what you're playing these days. Maybe after dinner. I thought you quit the band - I never hear you practice anymore. Oh Wendy. We've been through this Wendy James Taylor was actually at that clinic up near Boston. The people at Silver Meadows aren't psychos. Wendy, of course. I'm sorry. You must think I'm ripe to be checked into Silver Meadows. Weightless almost -- as if I were seeing my own memories of being a girl. There was something internal about it. Mikey Williams? Who? I saw you on your bike today. Hi Wendy. Thanks for the lift. If the bike's any bother-- I'm that predictable? No, you don't have to answer that. It's just that with the kids almost grown -- How'd you know? I'm thinking of going back to school. I used to know how to cook. Thanks again. For the dinner. Of course. Oh. It's not a bother. I'm going to try hard not to understand the implications of that simile. You're here... I'm a bit surprised. Reverend Edwards. I'm afraid people around here provide her with quite a bit to gossip about. Take care. And you're still trying to get me into bed. But not too ashamed. I'm sorry. That was stupid of me. I didn't mean to be so rude. I would say it sounds like you're trying to get me into bed. That's right. All well and good -- But tell me again what is it exactly that you believe in? You're saying that Christ is the child, and -- Forget what? My daughter. I haven't been on a bike for years. When was the last time you rode a bike? I suppose my reluctance was the group aspect of it -- I've never been much of a joiner, although I still consider myself a somewhat religious person -- Yes, it was -- I ended up -- Yes.How you take it isn't all that interesting to me, Benjamin. I'm sorry -- Listen, Benjamin Hood. I have obligations that precede your... from before you showed up. One or two, you know, good-natured encounters, that doesn't mean I'm... I'm not just some toy for you. When I remembered some chores I wanted to get done before the party, I just did them, that's all, because I wanted to do them before I saw Jimmy. A prior engagement overcame me. What are you talking about? Oh jeez, Benjie. Well, here you are. Birth control. Have I noticed anything? I'm not married to her Benjamin, you are. I think you've probably a better vantage point from which to observe her. In a bit. Here. You should probably get dressed. The boys will be home soon. You're boring me. I have a husband. I don't particularly feel the need for another. Ben-- None at all. I'll leave it in front of your garage. Happy Thanksgiving. Here you are. You don't have to apologize. I'm too much of a cynic. You actually seem to be trying to figure things out -- don't mind me. Educated guess. Social work? It's not like we're too busy. Thanks for eating it. I don't know why I even pretend I can cook. It's really quite all right. I insist. Don't touch them. Please don't. Tonight? Jim, he's been out of it since he was born. Just be careful. Jesus, Jim! Play with the whip. It's not packed with explosives, is it? Would it matter? And what's that? Hey. I'll take this stuff.Since he sleeps with every girl you ever show an interest in, why don't you just keep your Libbets thing a secret from him? They did it last year too. It's like traditional or something. They've got this humongoid Park Ave apartment and she just holes up there with a wad of cash. Aren't the hugely wealthy sad? My diagnosis is messed in the head. A poor little rich girl -- I mean check out the jeans and fur look. And lend your ears to this brutality. Like her mom and step dad and her step-sisters are going to Switzerland to ski over Thanksgiving break -- and like they didn't invite her! That's good, because I don't think Libbets is capable of the sex act. Yeah, well, you've been in love with like every other girl here, I was wondering when you'd get around to Libbets.He's probably been waiting all night at the station. Yeah. Huh? Well, then forget all this stern dad stuff. Talking to me, dad? What do you think we're doing, dad? ... while children in Africa and Asia are napalmed and -- Nothing. Nah. Good-night dad. Fascist! Dad stop it! I don't like coffee. Oh I thought I'd steal the station wagon, drive up to a commune. Or set the house on fire. You know. Just curious. If there's a problem, I guess I'll just call you there to interrupt. Is it a big party? A big neighborhood party? I don't really need to practice. I just play a few notes, you know, so I thought maybe I'd stay in. They need the money for my band uniform at school. Well, I saw what I saw, and if you don't want to believe me -- I know. They're rich drug addicts and celebrities. When I saw James Taylor there, and -- You're not a psycho! Mom. Are you ok? We were just riding around. Nobody. With Mikey? Hi mom. Yeah. Maybe. Can't really tell yet. Yeah. Yours? Huh? Wow! I don't know. I don't know. Maybe we can just watch some TV. You have to follow me? Then why'd you come after me? Did you tell Sandy? Sure. Twinkie? I have plans. Right. And? Um, ten-o-five. Why? Where are you? Is this Charles? Hood residence. Libbets? What kind of a name is Libbets? With who? Can I come? Why don't you use the phone downstairs? Yeah well wait till mom opens her mouth. Dad's like doing his Up With People routine, mom hasn't been saying much. Greetings, Charles. Nixon, doofus! It's incredible. He should be shot. I have not touched your sh-- Stuff. You watching this? Charles. I don't know either. You spin around, when you lie down. That's nice. Are you drunk? That's the name for when you wake up and find this little pool of sticky stuff, like after a sexy dream. Have you ever had a nocturnal emission? One more shot? You never tasted the stuff? Want a drink? Don't worry about them. They're at that party, getting drunk and falling all over each other and making jokes about McGovern and stuff. They left it in the jungle. Well. It looks like someone got to his private parts before us. He wouldn't blow up. He'd just get all mangled or twisted. He's dead. No. Yeah. Just thought I'd stop by. Sandy, you scared the shit out of me. I have to go to the bathroom. The ones you built? Hey Sandy, what were you blowing up out there? Your mom was pretty p.o.'d. Yeah? See ya. Hey Sandy.