You guys have been so colossal... Thanks, Talia...Why are you so nice to me? What are you gonna do about it? I hope so... Everything. Talia, don't go! Man, she's losing it...Mine! Why am I so--That's new--The way I figure it is if I can get through to just one camper...then I'm a pretty incompetent counselor. Don't get caught. I'll deny everything. Ooh, I'll think of something, missy. A telescope? Where you going? I don't want to know. Freeze! You're busted! This is...this is...a very special moment... Whew, that wasn't a period. That was an exclamation mark. You know, Hayley, behind every great woman is a great first menstruation anecdote. Wha-at? What is it? It's about time. Isn't Fun great? Yeah, an insane female gynecologist! Hayley, don't listen to her. Don't worry, I have 33 more days to find just the perfect moment to tell him how I... Am-ber! Uh...don't do that. I don't know what I'm doing. I know he only likes me as a friend. He's just so...everything--I know he only likes me as a--but it came up that he used to be a camp counselor and I used to be a camp counselor... That would be a No. Are we allowed to start hating "Wendy" yet..."Gee Wichita, I guess mosquitoes have always liked me." Man asswipe, you made my enormous cock fall off... Yes, it does. Who wants to go tell the Anti-christ to take a "time-out?" We need more ritalin. Can't we just grind it into the munchkins' food? You look a like you could use a friend. You know, I'll never forget my first day at camp. Boy, I was so nervous that I... I gotta...I gotta go do a "bunk check." Or some fucking thing. Stop, stop, what was I thinking...out in the wilderness. Under the stars. I've ruined every-- "...how important our friendship..." Not that old--Oh God, what have I done? ...and it hurts too much to keep these feelings inside me any longer... College was entertaining, Wichita, but after 40 days and 40 nights of this, I really think we're going to get to know each...No. Summer would have been a lot less without you. You're a true friend, Donald. Now what? What did I do this time? Okay, okay, just don't everyone talk at once...First of all, little Jason has a learning disability... Yeah. And? This is not the way it was supposed to-- I was going to start writing a children's book using input from all-- I don't even like smoking! I'm sorry. It just...It seems silly. Like kissing a girl. The oak where Jocelyn sprained her ankle. I'm not a nai-ive little... Why do you even like me? Geez, what time is it? I have to go feed Big Chief Oberon...You're right, I miss him. Wichita, that is. I really want to be with him, but I can't bring myself to--Are you a lesbian or are you... You know you just do this for shock value. It's not shocking. What are you doing? I just don't know about this whole actual sexuality thing--How do you go from being friends with a guy to wanting to put the thing he uses to go to the bathroom with in your mouth? I don't know about you dickweeds, but I gotta go take a nice, long juicy dump. Talia, just because you happen to be Jewish, doesn't mean you can make fun of someone desecrating the Lord's body... Well, the first week of camp has swhooshed on by and I thought this a perfect time to finally pow-wow. I think we should discuss-- Hey--whaddya say, we need another muskrat to join our Sunshine circle. Scurry up! Isn't Fun great! Nobody really changes at summer camp. They merely find out who they are and become it more than ever. You can't be helped, Wichita. I'm not sure you can be punished, either. But let's find out... Yes! God yes! I would tell her that I love her! To not let anyone take away her dreams..! Yeah, why should we let our actual personalities get in the way of us falling in love? Isn't this the time where one of us says something deeply offensive to the other one...We're just so different. I have to get up. Still more to do. That boy hates Asian people. That girl thinks she gave her Mom cancer by dropping a plate on her hand. Her daddy touches her. His daddy never touches him. It would have been cooler if I'd died. Iunno. Of course I believe you. It's so you...I didn't think it was possible for you to make me feel worse, but...you're saying you deliberately destroyed us! I don't even get I'm- sorry-it-was-the-heat-of-the- moment... WICHITA I know, I'm...I'm evil. WENDY Oh that's right, baby, you're so "evil." You're, you're so "dark"... WICHITA We should get back. WENDY You're not evil or dark...you're just scared. Something more interesting than that...How could you? How could--! Ah, our last night at camp...I always knew it would be something special. This isn't about "doing it." I just think we need to talk some things out privately before... Excuse me, Wichita, I can't seem to reach the top shelf in the storage room. Could you... Be nice. Her father died in that TWA flight the government shot down...You know I'm going to be in the city next week. My mom says it's okay that I stay overnight at your dorm...It'll be nice to see you in a different shirt. WICHITA Oh, I didn't tell you. I wear this all year round. The chicks dig it... Do you really think we're fooling anyone? Oh my gosh, why didn't you say something earlier... Are you allowed to do it more than once a night? Probably. Fuck off. Don't worry, you... I love you. Don't say I love you, too. I hate that--"love you, too." And you'll be happy to know I'm going to drop my Snow White and the Seventy Dwarves act...Not all of it, but... About ten years a--why...Don't look at these...Come on...Stop. Don't be. Don't be sorry for your thoughts. They make me...react. I don't know...all I know is that I can't go through another summer where I almost did something. Iunno. What else don't you believe in? Do you really not believe in God? Gosh, this is really a great conversation--I can't believe I said that out loud. I think your condescension is even better. Ann Taylor would have paid a lot more, but I wouldn't trade this experience for the world. Sometimes the first time you understand anything is when you have to explain it to someone younger-- You think I'm a big dork don't you? Yeah. I guess I do. We had fun. I even got along with Talia-- for about three minutes. I don't know why she hates me so much... Oh you know, Bosnia, the importance of the right to vote... Hey. I-unno...Don't worry, I had everything on the hand memorized."Wichita"--The guy every boy wants to be and every girl wants to hold. You're the love of my life and the end of the world. Cheers. Two billion years of evolution and you're what we've come up with-- "Wichita"--the hot, cool, tell-it- like-it-is counselor with a dark side. Have you ever thought of instead of making children more equipped for reality, we should make reality more equipped for children? I'm still on anti-biotics, I really shouldn't be caffeining...Gosh, I've had a lot of daydreams about losing my virginity. Never one like this. For one, I wasn't a mutant. Secondly, I...What are you thinking? Thank you, my love. So that's one of the pearls from your mysterious journal? And all this time I thought you were restructuring the world's economy.How do you mean? You should grab her and shake her and tell her it's a goddamn war out there. Idiots and assholes and sadists that must be defeated. Tell them her the truth! WENDY The truth is a lie! Yes, television is rotting our brains! Yes, people kill people easier than ever! Does that mean we give up! I think every child is capable of being talented, happy, and great. I'm probably wrong, but you know something, it's good to be wrong. WICHITA You might be right...Wendy, you're fantastic. I can't stop adoring you... What I thought was lust, was only love...You think I'm scared, scared of love...Love conquers all...Maybe I don't want to be conquered. "Share my life"--I barely got enough for myself...But we were in the picture together...the picture.... WENDY What are you talking about? What picture... WICHITA Just forget--You didn't bring me out here to help me change. You brought me out here to punish me. So what? Wendy, I'll come back later. WENDY Why does every ten year old know what they want to be when they grow up, but then as you actually grow up, you forget every--The girls are big on "Veterinarian" this year-- I think it could be the "ballerina" of this century.