Bobby-Boy stay here while mommy picks  up the free cheese, 'kay? This'll keep the sun out of your  eyes. You be good now. Don't fucking move, you little shit- machine. Mommy's gonna try to score. The fat one's watching the little  one. FUCK YOU, YOU FUCKING SQUARE! D'jou hear the crazy fuck tellin' me  how to fuckin' raise you?  Motherfucker, man! Who's he fucking  think he is? What's the worse fuckin'  thing could happen to you sitting  outside the fuckin' stores? Fuck! Fuck, fuck, fuck... You two boys need a ride? You both don't have to sit back there.  One of you can sit up here with me. So where are you boys from? What brings you to Indiana? Hollywood, hunh? That's a long ways  away. Well, do unto others. That's what  the Book says. I live my life by it. Of course. You know how lonely it  gets on the road? Thanks to the Book,  I'm never alone--if you know what I  mean. Are you kidding? I've dedicated my  life to it. Every hour of every day. You live by the Book, too? That's good to hear. But it takes  deed, not words. It's a lot easier  to say you live by the Book than to  actually do it. Can you do it? No time like the present, right? I don't think they are masks. I don't think they're Hitchhiking  Girls either. Ghouls, you fucking moron. Not Girls. Though I wish they were hitchhiking  girls. Sexy, skimpily clad hitchhiking girls-- I think they passed out. Oh God, not again? Oh my God. Do you get free refills  with that? Hi. I'm Justice. Who the fuck are these guys? Where the fuck did they come from? I don't know if that's such a great  idea. Jussy. Oh my god--he just called Sissy  "Juggs"! I'm on it. We're in the middle of suburbia,  Chrissy. Let's try to act like it. And what-stupid ass little foul- mouthed bitch-boys don't get their  balls cut off in suburbia? Holy shit--he's retarded, to boot. What's wrong with you, Justice? You  do remember where we're going, don't  you? That we do have a job to do? Fine--they can ride with us. But  they're so out of here before we get  to Boulder. "Honest Injun"? I can't believe what a pushover you  are. Hi Brent! This is Brent. He's with us, too. Brent, tell these sillies that girls  don't fart. We're the Kansas State chapter of  S.A.A.C.--Students Against Animal  Cruelty. And we're on our way to Colorado to  give Provasik a piece of our minds! What the fuck are we gonna do now? Shut up, I'm thinking. Smooth move, Justice. Nice going, Four Eyes! Why the fuck did you let that little  stoner throw Brent our of the van?! We needed Brent, Justice! He was our  patsy! Because I didn't want to blow our  cover! Not as much as I hate you. Fuck, if I don't get to kill someone  soon, I'm gonna--fucking kill someone! Don't mind Chrissy. She's just a  little too wound for sound. Then how about you help me take the  edge off? Oh, I'm a cow, am I?  I'm a mad cow,  bitch. And now I'm gonna rip your  head off and fuck your spine stump. Enough! We have a very simple gang here,  Justice. I'm the brains, Chrissy's  the brawn, and Missy's the tech-girl.  But lately, I'm having a hard time  figuring out what you're doing here. Shit--your name doesn't even fit the  rhyme scheme. You're dancing on my last nerve,  Strawberry Shortcake. You deal with the weak link. I'm  gonna take Missy into the dirty  convenience store bathroom and hate- fuck the shit out of her. Don't change the subject. You know  what you have to do now, right? Since  you let our patsy slip away, you've  gotta convince the little kid and  that fat guy to take his place.  They've gotta break into Provasik  now. Uh-huh. You'll do it; or you're out  of this gang. Just use the little  one's crush to convince him, since  he's so fucking in love with you. What--am I blind? He wasn't kissing  your hand back in the van like he  was fucking Lord Byron? You're the one that brought the kid  in, Jussy. So you've gotta make  amends. That kid and his quite friend are  our only options at this point. Now  we got about two hours before we get  to Boulder. That gives you plenty of  of time to work on him. Why the fuck not? Who's it going to be, Jussy--him or  us? Good. They do their part-- And we'll do ours. Jay, before you go, could you say  something into the camera about the  clitoris. She's just a little embarrassed.  See, Jussy and I are putting together  this documentary for our Human  Sexuality class, and we need a male  perspective on the clitoris. Uh--yeah. Awesome. Knock 'em dead, Tiger. Jussy. C'mon. Hey, Lover-girl. You cock-block my  authority again, you lose your fucking  fronts, you got that? Phase One, down. While we're executing  Phase Two, you edit that tape and  grab a new car. No sweat. Let's suit up. They in? You can say that. Time to shine. Let's go. Once we're inside, I want complete  silence. Missy whipped this up. It counts our  decibel level. If it goes into the  red--alarm, we're dead. So not even  the slightest noise, got it? Justice! Move your ass! Holy fuck--the little stoner was  right-- Boom Box! I can't believe it. Months of planning  and it's all blown by a fucking fart. That was always the plan, Justice!  They take the heat off of is long  enough until we can get out of town! Kaboom, you little stoner fucks. It's set. Let's roll. I told you those two were the perfect  patsies. Now we lay low for awhile-- just in case--and start planning the  next job. The only thing I regret is not gutting  that little trout-mouthed prick like  a fish and playing Twister with his  vitals. You are so nasty. I'll show you nasty, you little slut. Would you two get a room? Fine--we'll take yours. I am gonna stain your sheets, bi- otch. Sarah Lawrence girls. Go figure. Oh and not yours? You know, I don't  get you, Justice. You used to be all  about the girl stuff: stealing,  boning, blowing shit up. Now you're  like this little priss with a  conscience. It's really a fucking  drag. If moping around over some little  boy you're crushing on is being grown- up, then pass me my Wonder Woman  underoos. Awww. Does Jussy-wussy feel all dirty  about setting up her boyfriend? Then  how about taking a shower? This dopey bitch ordered the large  plain, but I could go for some hot,  thick, Sicilian. OOOOOOOOO!!! That bitch!  That fucking, fucking  bitch!!! Get dressed. We're going after her. Fuck that, I didn't get to cum yet. Which is more important to you: a  fortune in diamonds or busting a  nut? Chrissy! Now! Fuck-- Alright, you bastard! Let's see who  you really are! Fucking Miramax-- A monkey? Jesus, you guys aren't  even trying anymore, are you? Because she's gonna be one dead bitch. Hi, Jussy. We catch you at a bad  time? You should've just let these guys go  down, Jussy. Shut the fuck up before I shoot you  where you stand in your pansy red  booties. Let's have those diamonds, Jussy. Then lover--boy gets one in the brain. TWO REASONS: ONE--WE'RE WALKING, AND TWO: BECAUSE YOU'RE A MAN. You really let me down, Justice.  Throwing it all away for a little  stoner with bad pronunciation. Are you kidding me? I taught you all  all your moves myself. There's not a  style you can bust that I can't defend  against. Yeah, but I can bury you with my  "Crouching Tiger." I'll counter with "Dragon Crane." Bring it on. Your shit is so tired, Justice! Can I help you? Yes. He's my son. One moment. Well, that was just another paean to  male adolescence and its refusal to  grow up. Yeah, sis--but it was better than  Mallrats. At least Holden had the  good sense to keep his name off of  it. Why wouldn't Miramax option his other  comic instead? You know--the one he  drew about you and him and your  relationship? You mean Chasing Amy? That would  never work as a movie. 