You're fired. I have new representation. Get up. Are we done for today? Go to hell. I can't give you that. And if you put me on the stand, I'll lie. I loved him! Why would I kill my husband? I didn't do it! I walked in, saw my husband lying on the floor, bent down to check his heart, screamed my head off and Chutney and Enrique ran inside. I can't tell you. To me it is. He doesn't trust me. Why should I trust him? He thinks I'm guilty, doesn't he? But is he an ass that's gonna win my case? Is he always such an ass? He did leave a Cher tape in the pool house once -- What's going on? I'm not having an affair with Enrique -- you know a Delta Gamma would never sleep with a man who wears a thong! I just liked watching him bend over to clean the filter -- I'm a fraud! But it's not like normal people can have this ass! If my fans knew, I'd lose everything. I've already lost my husband. I rather be in jail then lose my reputation! I have made my fortune on my ability to teach women how to perfect their bodies with the Brooke's Butt Buster workout. That's just it -- it would ruin me! It's so shameful... Elle, I can't. You don't understand. I'm glad it's you and not Donovan. You took my class in LA. You had the best high kick I've ever seen. Are you one of my lawyers?His dead body with a bullet in it. Uh, yeah, because the bitch shot him. No. I got out of the shower, walked downstairs, saw her standing over my father, and called the police. She's younger than I am. Did she tell you that? How would you feel if your father married someone younger than you? Because they got wet. Two a year since I was twelve. You do the math. Yes. Yes. I got up, went to Starbucks, went to the gym, got a perm, and came home. Yes. I was washing my hair. I guess. No. I was in the shower. No, she'd stashed it by then. I saw Brooke standing over his body, drenched in his blood. Not that I saw. But like I said, I went straight upstairs to take a shower.Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court Rule 3:03. Uh -- both? I'm sorry? -- uh -- What? Donovan's firm is defending a major murder case and his caseload is so heavy he's taking on first year interns. I don't know. I think so... Yes? Aristotle.I once had to judge a Theta Chi Tighty- Whitey contest. Trust me -- I can handle anything. I don't need backups. Harvard is the school I'm going to. I have a 4.0. That's right. Enrique's gay. I'm sure of it. I believe you! Don't worry. No! I know! You helped me go from a six to a four! How? Whatever it is -- it could save you. Who could better understand than me? He means well. He's really brilliant and all. Are you okay? You look so sad... and so orange. Sort of. I'm a Delta Gamma and I'm a huge fan of yours! You, however, had time to hide the gun, didn't you, Chutney? After you shot your father? And if you in fact, heard the gunshot, then Brooke Windham wouldn't have had time to hide the gun before you got downstairs. Which would mean that you would've had to have found Mrs. Windham with a gun in her hand to make your story sound plausible. Isn't that right? That's right. Because isn't the first cardinal rule of perm maintenance that you are forbidden to wet your hair for at least twenty-four hours after getting a perm at the risk of de-activating the ammonium thiglycolate? Chutney, why is it that Tracy Marcinko's curls were ruined when she got hosed down? You know, a girl in my sorority, Tracy Marcinko, got a perm once. Even though we all told her not to. Curls really weren't the right look for her -- She didn't have your bone structure. How many, would you say? Yes, Your Honor. Had you ever gotten a perm before, Miss Windham? Where you got in the shower. Miss Windham, can you tell us what you'd been doing earlier in the day? But you didn't hear the shot, because you were in the shower. So at some point in the -- twenty minutes you were in the shower, your father was shot? Did you hear a shot fired? But Mrs. Windham didn't have a gun? And when you came downstairs, what happened? Okay -- Ms. Windham, when you uh arrived back at the house? Was your father there? Tell him, Paulette. Due to the fact that you retained the residence, Ms. Bonafante is entitled to full ownership of the canine property in question and we will be enforcing said ownership immediately. I'm Elle Woods. Ms. Bonafante's attorney. Dewey Newcomb? But you agreed last night. In the office? When we were discussing my "career"? Yes, I am. So everything you just said -- You're hitting on me? Not really. I know how competitive it all is -- I'm sorry, but -- Thank you. Is everything okay? Thank you! He's gay -- he isn't Brooke's lover! He's making it up. Whoever killed Heyworth is paying him off. I promised her I'd keep it secret. I can't break the bonds of sisterhood! Yes. But I can't tell you what it is. All I know is -- it's not Brooke. See? Forget it. I've already spent too many hours crying over you. For what? Breaking my heart or ruining sex for me with any other man? We spend a beautiful night together and then I never hear from you again? Why didn't you call me? He chose them already? What's going on? What's the point of staying? All people see when they look at me is blonde hair and big boobs. No one's ever going to take me seriously. The people at law school don't, Warner doesn't -- I don't even think my parents take me seriously. They wanted me to grow up and become a Victoria's Secret model who marries a rock star. Now, for the first time, it seemed like someone expected me to do something better with my life than wear underwear for a living. But I was kidding myself -- Donovan didn't see me as a lawyer. He saw me as a piece of ass just like everyone else. It turns out, I am a joke. Great. Donovan actually said the words "Good work, Ms. Woods". He takes me seriously! Can you believe it? I'm so happy for you! Trust me. You've got the equipment, you just need to read the manual. I am. And I'm looking at a beautiful, fabulous, sexy woman. Have you ever considered asking him if he'd like a cold beverage? Or perhaps a neck massage? So, this is the only interaction you two have ever had? I feel so bad for her. I mean, she's in jail! And she's innocent. But I'm the only one who believes her. Donovan totally thinks she's guilty. Look at him. He's still scratching his head. Yes, you are. Go -- you can do this. You ready? I couldn't help it! It was the most fun I've had since I've been in law school. Not only was I good enough for Warner -- I was better than him. He has to see serious I am now. Even Donovan was impressed, and he's a total hard-ass. Definitely! I love him! She could use some mascara and some serious highlights, but she's not completely unfortunate-looking. She's from Connecticut. She belongs to his stupid country club. That's terrible! No! What'd you do? Well, what am I supposed to do? He's engaged! She's got the family six- carat on her bony, unpolished finger. You can't even imagine. Delta. Gamma. I'm her sister. Uh -- family. I'm here to see Brooke Windham. You're pawning The Rock?! Yes, he is. Yes, you are. What? Really? You're kidding! I know. He has it sent out. Really? Thanks. It's not my alibi to tell -- Too bad you and I are the only ones. Although Mr. Huntington makes an excellent point, I have to wonder if the defendant kept a thorough record of each sperm emission made throughout his life? Oh, God, was this like an RSVP thing? You know her? Not yet. I can't believe you guys are actually here -- but this case is important. I'll make it up to you after finals, okay? I -- promise. I really want to do a good job. Margot! I will... No way -- What?! Power yoga? Why, yes, Margot, I do. Once again, we joined Hope in the search for her identity. As you know, she's been brainwashed by the evil Stefano -- Your scrunchie? I have the highest GPA in Delta Gamma! Once Warner sees me as a serious law student, he'll want me back. It's a completely brilliant plan! So? Thank you. I love you, too. I don't know! Everything was normal at first and then he said he needed someone more -- Serious! What if -- you know -- it's not the night? Well, I don't want to look like I know what's coming... Too demure? You think? You guys are so sweet! Is he the only one? Then, forget it. Besides, I have an early class tomorrow. Are you asking me on a date? Oh, my God! Going back to LA. Maybe I can fulfill my destiny as a useless bimbo and join the Swedish Bikini Team. No more navy blue suits. No more panty- hose. No more trying to be something I'm not. Law school was a mistake. Getting this internship was a mistake. I'm quitting. Gay men know designers. Straight men don't. He's gay! Enrique is gay! For a butt-head? Yes. Fine. Sorry I brought it up. Well, you should -- If you look good, you feel good and if you feel good, you project joy into the world. The bags under your eyes. You're an attractive man, but you need to take better care of yourself. Exactly how much gorilla sex do you think a sixty-year-old man can take? If she were a true blonde, she would've left the cheating bastard. Blondes don't let their husbands get fellated by brunettes and live to tell about it. That is a direct result of anti- blonde discrimination! It would be a full-service law firm, by and for blondes, providing positive blonde role models and community outreach in high blonde areas. I mean, think about it -- name one blonde intellectual role model. Blondes are discriminated against worldwide! Brooke's a blonde, and people are saying she's sleeping with the cheesy pool boy and shooting her husband. If she was a mousy brunette, it would be, "Oh, the poor widow." I never trust a woman who's not blonde. Except for my friend Serena, but that's only because she's a blonde at heart. That's the whole reason I'm starting the Blonde Legal Defense Fund. Did you see the icky black color of her hair? You're going to trust the word of a woman who named her child after a condiment? She's ly-ing. She's not! Mrs. Windham Vandermark? No, she can't move for an hour. Maybe not to your face... Because people aren't always what they seem to be and you refuse to see that. Have a little faith. You might be surprised. You're kind of being a butt-head right now. But maybe it's not what you think. A) He's an old man with a really big penis. B) She never told me I was fat. And C) Victoria Principal sells on that network. Why? Aside from that. Explain to me why you're so anti- Brooke. My money's on the angry daughter or the ex-wife. Don't ask. Thanks again for your help! Wow. I'm glad I met you. Donovan, Royalton and Levinson. Neat. Did she do that to you, too? And if you don't know the answer, they just kick you out? Do they just -- put you on the spot like that? Like, all the time? I can't believe you're a Laker Girl! You guys -- I can't. We're in the middle of a trial. What're you doing here?! Really -- What? I miss you guys! The people here are so vile! Hardly anyone even talks to me unless it's to say something that's not nice. Law school sucks! Almost. Calvin Klein's spring line is atrocious. Don't you agree? Girls -- I'm going to Harvard! I don't know! I don't know anything any more! I just need to be by myself. I just don't understand what went wrong -- Thank you, Serena, but I don't think it'll do any good. No -- it's just -- not me. But I'm not positive it's gonna happen tonight -- Of course, I do! Maybe she found him like that. She could make you drop three pounds in one class. She's completely gifted! She was a Delta Gamma! Not in my pledge class or anything -- she graduated five years ahead of me. But I used to take her class at the LA Sports Club. She's amazing! And engraved... Gives it that extra little something, doesn't it? See you tomorrow! I do. I don't know -- I did? I changed my mind. I'd pick the dangerous one. I'd rather have a client who's innocent. Neither. I guess it'll have to... You know -- mixers, formals, beach trips. Wait -- my social events schedule is missing. Has Warner Huntington checked in yet? Huh. Imagine that. Looks like I am. In court. On opposing sides. Really? Thanks for the backup. See? I gave her my word, Warner. Thank you. But what? We took the same LSAT, we take the same classes -- Am I on glue, or did I not get into the same law school you did, Warner? Tell me about it. I can't imagine doing all this and Donovan's internship next year. I feel like we've barely spent any time together since we got here. Thank you. Having fun? I'm sorry, I just hallucinated. Do anything exciting? Fine. Except for this horrible girl who made me look bad in front of my Civ Pro professor. But no biggie. You're here now. How was your summer? Oops! Time for class. Meet me after? On the benches? What, like it's that hard? Harvard. Law school. No, silly. I go here. I'm seriously in love with you -- Isn't that enough? Just because I'm not a Vanderbilt, all of a sudden I'm white trash? I grew up in Bel Air, Warner! Across the street from Aaron Spelling! I think most people would agree that's way better than a Vanderbilt -- So you're breaking up with me because you're afraid your family won't like me? Everybody likes me! How can it be the right thing if we're not together? No. Then what? My boobs are too big? You're breaking up with me because I'm too -- blonde? You're breaking up with me?! I thought you were proposing. I completely agree. And I fully support that. Of course. I'm fully amenable to that discussion. So are you!Hello! You're like, a lawyer. Speaking of which, can you please put on some party clothes? You look like someone rolled you in something sticky and dragged you through a K- Mart. Oh, how sweet! You made friends with a nerdy girl. Keep June first open -- you're one of my bridesmaids. And give Warner our love. Josh proposed! Picking out my wedding dress! It's Elle! Guess what I'm doing right this second? Elle, do you know what happened on "Days of Our Lives" yesterday? My lucky scrunchie. It helped me pass Spanish. Here. You're gonna need this. But isn't it kind of hard to get into law school? Honey, stop! You have to leave this room -- it's been a week. We still love you. Sisters forever! Serious?! Who the hell does he think he is? You're the most popular month on the USC calendar! Why else would he be taking you to The Ivy? You've been dating for a year -- it's not like he's trying to impress you. I think you should go with red. It's the color of confidence. Why else would she have flown in from Newport? It's not like she'd Fed Ex a six carat diamond. Can someone please tell Rick that he is not the only Sigma Chi with a big penis? Pull up next to him! Yeah, luckily. Why?! Let's all go! Road trip! Cunnilingus? You're right. Phew! Oh, God. What if Josh doesn't think I'm serious enough? It's not a Theta -- Elle?I didn't stick around long enough to watch him stick his swizzle stick in her mouth, but I'd bet my next check that that's where he was about to put it. Haven't you seen the cabana boy? But I guess it wasn't enough for Brooke. Aside from the fact that he found her on an infomercial? She said they humped like gorillas. Chutney could hear them all the way in the pool house. I never met the woman, but from what my daughter tells me, she's quite the cun -- So, I hear the tart from California shot Heyworth. I'm covered in very expensive Egyptian mud -- hardly naked.You can't go home! Of course I can believe it. You're going to make a great lawyer. How'd it go at the trial? And after they set his nose, he came back for his truck and I offered to drive for him since he was still on pain-killers and we spent the whole afternoon together! He was unconscious for part of it, but it was really fun! Good one. What's the point? Look at me. No. Sometimes I say "Okay" instead of "Fine". That's because men are big, fat retards who don't -- Oh, my God... Which must be a nice vacation for his balls... God, that felt great! No. You showed up Warner in class? You're supposed to be showing up Sarah. Could I be anymore goddamn spastic? So you're sure, this Warner guy is "the one"? Is she? Is she as pretty as you? So, what's this Sarah got that you don't? Three tits? What could I do? He's a man who followed his pecker to greener pastures. I'm a middle- aged high-school dropout with stretch marks and a fat ass. Happens every day. At least to women like me. I didn't even get to go to his birthday party. Cried a lot and gained twenty pounds. Dewey kept the trailer and my precious baby Rufus. I got jackcrap. You're asking the wrong girl. I'm with my guy eight years and then one day it's "I met someone else. Move out." After you went to all that trouble? Spill.Hell, yes. We've got finals to study for. In Jamaica. And Donovan's a scumbag for coming on to you. I'm a bitch. Maybe you should sleep with the judge too. Then we can win the case. You almost had me fooled. He's already got his coffee -- maybe he needs a donut. Donovan asked to see you before you leave. Did you know he got wait-listed when he applied? His father had to make a call. Warner can't even do his own laundry. I know. I thought that was very -- classy of you. I'm still can't believe you didn't tell Donovan the alibi. I believe her, too. I don't think she's having an affair with Enrique. The idiot speaks. Our group is full. Hi. Sarah Knottingham.I wish we could stay longer, but I have a game. Where's Warner? We're on our way to the bridal show in New York so we thought we'd rescue you from law school for the night. I got bangs! Oh, my God! I completely forgot to tell you! Well, hurry up so you can come home! We miss you! Absolutely! What, like on va-kay? Are you sure? How could this happen? Oh, he is so over on this campus. What happened? I'm canceling the mixer. We'll blacklist Sigma Chi. Helloo... he just had lunch with his grandmother. You know he got "The Rock". There he is! You passed Spanish because you gave Professor Montoya a hand-job after the final. I mean, I know you're upset and all, but can't you just take a sedative? Wait -- Cecil has a condo in Tahoe. Let's go there! What's the thing that always makes us feel better, no matter what? Helloo... you let him have anal sex with you. Helloo... you let him videotape you diddling yourself. Is it a Kappa? Where's the Rock?