Oh for Chrissakes... "White trash Betty." I didn't realize the rules went into effect before we entered Safeway. Sorry, Kansas... Look, it's really not my fault. I just pulled and it - it came off. I can't believe your grandparents never come down here. What?! Wait! Did you say you are pregnant or you were pregnant... You had it, threw it out and you're gonna go back and dance all night! Can you guys believe this? We're like celebrities! Ahh! Baby's got two heads!!! Conan went to Harvard. And you know real cops aren't half as smart as Keanu. Kansas is right. We're like sisters -- we're closer than sisters. And you don't turn your back on family. I'm in, too. Holy shit. Bye. Di? I just called to say that Conan talked about us again last night. I personally think of how Conan started as a writer, then became a... Use the bathroom, because the Port-a Potties on the field are gross. Is Jack upset that he can't be here? Di, we're sorry. We... Well...uh...they, y'know, uh... They had nicknames. ...He slices off the guy's ear, and I mean you see everything - the bloody pink hole where the -- Di, are you okay? We can skip the girl party this week. Another sex dream?Thanks, Cleo. See you tomorrow. Hello? My fault - What do we do that enables us to be as great as we are? Hee-hee-haaaa-weee worked it out. Heee hee-haaa.... It's off... I can't take the fighting, the back-stabbing, the open hostility. We're not acting like cheerleaders, we're acting like a bunch of sorority girls! Cleo, I've already thrown up twice today - could you please get to any relevant part of the movie? Everything's fine. I'm just having a little trouble keeping my frown upside down. Wayne Gretzky. I've got to get that. Relax. I'll see you tomorrow. She thinks you went to the police. That's right. Practice makes perfect. I'm practicing to have a baby right now. If we do a practice job, we'll not only get the experience, but also the extra money we need for guns! Hee-hee-hee, haaaaa-that's it? Hee-hee hee... Of course - of course! Hands in... So then this isn't crazy. It's a sure bet. If you don't - can you still afford to go to Harvard? That's right. So all we have to do is watch a bunch of movies and learn from their mistakes. C'mon, Luce, people do it in the movies all the time. Look, I might be moody. I might be gassy. But I am perfectly sane. Think about it. In school, they tell us, "Dreams can come true." Right? "Positive" you're sure I'm not fat or "positive" I'm... You sure? No I don't... I keep asking because I feel fat. No...I've been pregnant. Huh-ha-wha? Ahh! I'm under the ice! I'm uh -- oh...man... That was a weird one. Jus some girlie things for the squad. That was gas, Sweetie. Uh, Jack - look, I can explain... If you reach for the stars, you're bound to get -- mm-Jack, pull over. Mmm-hmmm... I know, but that was before. Jack, I think I should get a job. Trix... Jack... Jack, sweetie, I'm only eating for two. Oh, Jack... I sure do. So, while we're knee deep in right now - and things seem pretty "stinky" - in the long run, we're going to grow strong from this. I see a flower. And y'know, even the most beautiful flowers still grow from dirt. Well, if I had to guess... I'd say that was the sound of a mother saying good-bye to her little boy and hello to a young man who's going to be a daddy of his own... Jack, do you know what I see here? ... so when your dad said, "I never want to see your "f-'in' faces again!" do you think he meant forever or just until your mom wakes up? Hi, Jack. ...do not accept charity. We are two young, able-bodied Americans. We do not want a handout. We want a hand-up. Give us food and we will be hungry tomorrow. Give us corn - the kind you plant, not eat - and we'll grow our own food and... and, uh, then cut it, and - uh, y'know eat it! Now, if you're interested in giving us a home loan, I will sit back down. If not, have a nice day, Ma'am. No. Wait! Did I say Promise! Cross-my heart and hope-to-die, stick-a-needle-in my-eye we'll never miss a payment?! What?! But all our paperwork's there. My school records, Jack's football records... Don't use big bills! Yeah, hold on. Remember, Kansas, every time you point a finger you've got three more pointing back at you. Oh no... Hee-hee-h-wait a minute. Hold on, now. What do we do before a big game? NO! Wait...um... We're the A-squad from Lincoln High? So, uh... Oh, thank G-d! I'm not just super fat! It's all my fault. I'm sorry I ever started this... Kansas! Lucy, do you know for sure you're going to get that scholarship? And if the O.J. trial taught us anything, it taught us that in America, you can cut off someone's head and still be found innocent if you have enough money. Your mom only shot a guy... Listen, Kansas, I know you dream of springing your mom some day... You sure I'm not fat? "No" you're not sure or "No" I'm not fat? He is the Great One... Madonna. I'll just ask the question myself... "Is Jack Bartlett interested in me?" Well, I want to know what happened -- Ooops, that's me -- gotta run! No. This is Diane. I think you have the wrong number. Hello? Yeah? You're kidding. Hey, hey, hey. C'mon you guys. Obviously that's a little more than our budget will allow. Basically, we're looking for something around two-hundred dollars. Bullets? No bullets! Oh my gosh, these are just to scare people. Kinda like round-off, back handspring, whip back, double full. You never really use it - you just want the opposing squad to know you've got it. Ammo? Well, we'll each probably want one - so let's make it five. Five should do it. I guess there's an exception to every rule. Hold on... Ooops, hold on a sec. Hannah, we've... Hello? That's okay, Hannah. It was silly to think we could learn to rob a bank from watching movies. Sex - you can learn from movies. But robberies? There's no way. Or that! Look, you guys, I just want to provide a future for my baby. I know my bank branch like the back of my puffy little hand. I could open that safe in my sleep! And Hannah, you could give your share to your church - or maybe buy one of those hungry little kids Sally Struthers advertises. Don't Martha-fucking-Stewart me! If you don't like it - you try being a pregnant teen! I know, Hannah. Look, I'm not going to get an abortion. I mean, I always planned to get married and have kids - I'm just going a little out of order. Kinda reminds me of another young lady who found herself "with child," unmarried, on a long road, with no place to sleep. 'Course, that was a long-long time ago. But no matter what, she held her head high and said... "Pappa don't preach, I'm in trouble deep. Pappa don't preach, 'cause I'm keepin' my baby. Hey. I'm gonna keep my baby." The great one... ... Ja-ck B-ar-t-le-tt... Is Jack Bartlett interested in me?You damn well better... Then I'll throw a few more treats on the plate. Where's my smokes? You got that big retarded girl down there? Oh well, then I'll put some cookies at the top of the stairs for you gals. Are you girls talking about boys? Practicing kissing your hands? Is that you down there? Kansas?...my Sunday School teacher says that in prison, women shove broom sticks up your... It wasn't like the prison we saw - all these women had to shave their heads because they got lice from the filthy lives they'd lived! Oh G-d, I'm gonna be someone's bald bitch! We're dead! They showed this prison movie to my youth group on Sunday. Look, maybe I can watch a PG movie... I'll just say I'm counting dirty words for Sunday School. Or, I could get my own horse... You want us to help you pick up? I-I didn't mean to say "whore," Diane. I just hear it so much at church - it kinda came flying out of my head. I-I'm sorry - can someone else please run the Ouija board? It's creepy, it's wrong and it goes against the teachings of my Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. All of you! Bank branch! Hey, I even took my parents' foster kid money. Phillipe's gonna have to gather rice without pants this month. Uh...maybe? I'm only allowed "G" movies. ...so, while it's a laugh riot for the whole family, and Tim Conway is just about as funny as they come, especially when he goes... But you're not married. Yeah. This summer at church camp? I'm pretty sure I had, y'know, an orgasm. Well technically, I don't think I'm a virgin anymore.Well, use your head, "Stalker Betty." NO-GAH-BUH- NO! Rule number two - NO NAMES! NO GODDAMN NAMES, you retard! Hey! Rule number one - never take off the mask! Y'hear me! No matter what happens, NEVER TAKE OFF THE MASK! This is great - GREAT! Now we have to enter the front door! Who are you - the goddamn Bionic Woman?! You have three heart attacks and a half dozen strokes and tell me how much you wanna run up and down the stairs. Shit - I forgot to pick up the cigarettes. You piece-a-shit bug zapper! Shut up, Cleo. Di, how much do you need for an abortion? For a pack of cigs? I use her food stamps. Just call me later. I gotta get some smokes for Grandma. That you? She's been the weak tit on this mama cat since the beginning. It was Lucy! Lucy went to the cops! He Ikea'd us. Hey. Eyes on your own belly! We were told you could "fix us up." Oh - okay, we ain't done with this... Those babies are gonna get a good start in life - with a real crib - one that costs a shit-load! We're gonna learn how to rob a bank from the only people who really know how to do it - criminals! I'm gonna visit my mom! Di, it's not your fault. We all wanted to do this - for you... for ourselves. I'm sorry, Diane, but I'm not gonna watch my dreams fade away 'cause the Virgin Mary here thinks she's gonna get ideas from kiddie movies -- Shut up. Stop, you're gonna make me cry. Uh, "no"... You're not fat. Hat-trick? We're here for you, Diane. Nope. Sounds more like the first. Anyway, last time I checked, you still had to have sex to have an orgasm. And I know she ain't seen the lord on all fours - so I'm just saying. I'll get them before "Touched by an Angel," don't worry. Uh...Yeah, Grandma. She doesn't mean that. Kinda lost the old filter with her last stroke. Thanks! That'd be great. Oh yeah, you caught us... Shit! Yeah, Grandma. Me and the squad. Screw Lucy! Bank branch! All of you! Don't make me Jerry Lewis you guys for the rest. 'Cause I will Jerry Springer you faster than you can say "Fat-assed lesbian!" You sure you wanna go there? Am I the only one who cares about this? At least I watched "Dog Day Afternoon!" Wait a minute. You watched the Apple fucking-Dumpling Gang?! Oh my G-d! I'm not first! Hold up, hold up. Any sentence that starts with "at church camp" ain't leading to the big "O." Hannah, in order to get real answers from the netherworld, you've gotta have a Christian virgin run the board. Your kind is pure of heart - the devil won't dick with you. Hey, don't "mouthy shit" me - I'm outta here. Oh, Jesus Christ, Mom! Like my life ain't a great big pile-of-shit 'cause you're in here? Now I have to add, "P.S. My mom's a dyke" too? I know, but we can't quite figure out how to, y'know, do it. I know - that's what I said too. Anyway, we want to help her get some money for the baby by robbing a bank. My best friend got pregnant. Okay, you can't tell anybody. Your help. I don't hate you. I need your help. They could kill you. You shouldn't smoke so many of those. Grandma and Grandpa sent you pictures of a neighbor girl. They didn't want you to break out and come kidnap me. What the hell do you want? I mean it. I'm in. This is the closest thing to a goddamn family that I've ever had. If one of us needs something, we all do. Virgin Mary musta snuck that one in. More proof God's a guy...Better enjoy it now. 'Cause tomorrow some little kid falls down a well and we're nothing but a distant memory. It's twins!! Forget it. I've got a scholarship to Harvard hanging over my head. I won't risk it. Cleo! You just became a statistic! WHAT?! That's insane!!! Why would I go to the police? Di, it's Luce. Kansas just called and said she's going to "fuck me up!" Then I heard coughing, a thud and Kansas had to go. I think her Grandma had another heart attack. Anyway, why does she want to "fuck me up?" -- We practice! Sorry, Cleo. Okay, even with all our savings, it's still only six hundred fifty-four. But, we have to make a smart plan! Well... ... I don't know. Probably not. No. And they get caught! Oh my G-d, I read about this! It's called a "pregnancy insanity." Quick, she needs a sitz bath -- Positive. Oh G-d, I'm sorry... You're not really fat! I was just saying that because, uh, I thought that's what you wanted me to say. Look, you're fat, Diane. You're fat, fat, fat! Because you eat, eat, eat! What?! She keeps asking because she wants some honesty. Oh my G-d, you've been robbed! Diane? Diane! Oh please, we've all got bright futures ahead of us - we're not going to tell anyone. Promise! Definitely old. Yeah. "Itchy" sent us. I want to help. I'm part of this squad... Stop it! This is crazy! ...and sex dreams where you actually have an orgasm! Diane, it says here you're going to have mood swings, uncontrollable gas.Wait, Petunia. Mommy's a little amped up - didn't get her yard time this morning. Mink ain't my bitch. She's a specialist... in banks. What?! Hush up, you mouthy little shit! Kansas, I want you to meet someone special. So you need my help? Oh my G-d, this is like asking me for help with your homework. Hey, Mink, c'mere! Well, shit-fire, Kansas, that's the sweetest goddamn thing ever... Before you? Whoo-hoo! Gee, I'll sit out this afternoon's coffee talk. Whaddya want? Now how the hell can I help you? My what? So could half the women in here. And I'd rather go out with a nice can... So watcha here for? To say how much you hate me or how much your grandparents hate me... I know, but it keeps down the size of my can. Thank G-d. I was starting to think I'd killed the wrong man.