C'mon, God damn it, gimme some! I'm 0 for 16! Gimme some of that shit. Will that work for me? You a God damn witch? What's that?I got a lotta time to hear your theories and I wanta hear every damn one of 'em...but right now I'm tired and I don't wanta think about baseball and I don't wanta think about Quantum Physics... I don't wanta think about nothing... I just wanta be. Annie--- You think I could make it to the Show as a manager? Yeah...you a witch? There might be an opening for a manager at Salem next spring. I quit. Hit my dinger and hung 'em up. How come in former lifetimes, everybody was someone famous? How come nobody ever says they were Joe Schmo? I got released. Why not? Are you gonna be waking up next to 20 year old ballplayers when you're 60? It's possible. I don't know if I'd go that far. What's so great about baseball? Who? Why baseball? You okay? Annie, I think you should leave. --and as soon as we lose a game, he'll be back in your arms. I thought you wanted an "uncomplicated" boy? I doubt that. And now you wanta teach me? Who are you? Do you have a job? And he's right! A ballplayer on a streak has to respect the streak. They don't happen very often. You know how hard this game is? If you believe you're playing well because you're getting laid or because you're not getting laid or because you wore red silk panties--then you are! And I still think Thomas Pynchon is full of shit. I think of you and the "boy" all the time. You're gorgeous, God damn it! From the moment I first saw you I knew I had to have you. I had to have you! Aren't we all? Nuke won't go to bed with you, eh? A batter has two tenths of a second to decide whether to swing-- Well, Annie, your place or mine? Fact is you're afraid of meeting a guy like me 'cause It might be real so you sabotage it with some bullshit about commitment to a young boy you can boss around-- Great deal. You get to write self- indulgent little poems all winter about how hard it is to find a man even though you just sent him packing- So what do you really want? You wanta be a tragic woman figure wallowing in the bullshit of magic? Or do you want a guy? Your place or mine? Let me. No. Please. 247 home runs in the minors would be a dubious honor, if ya think about it. Don't tell anybody. You're pulling your hips out. That's my job too. What'you see in that guy--he's dim, pretty boy. a young, wild, So...Wanta make love? When you're hitting you shouldn't think about anything but hitting. But you shouldn't think about it too much. The trick is to use your brain to not use your brain. Yep. I'm not interested in a woman who's interested in that boy. G'night. I believe in the soul, the cock, the pussy, the small of a woman's back, the hanging curve ball, high fiber, good scotch, long foreplay, show tunes, and that the novels of Thomas Pynchon are self-indulgent, overrated crap. I believe that Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone, I believe that there oughtta be a constitutional amendment outlawing astro-turf and the designated hitter, I believe in the "sweet spot", voting every election, soft core pornography, chocolate chip cookies, opening your presents on Christmas morning rather than Christmas eve, and I believe in long, slow, deep, soft, wet kisses that last for 7 days. After 12 years in the minor leagues, I don't tryout. Besides-- I don't believe in, Quantum Physics when it comes to matters of the heart...or loins. Why do you get to choose? Why don't I get to choose? I'll learn. C'mon-- She's dancing with me. I don't dance. I'm Crash Davis. You're a cocksucker! Beg me again! Beg me! You want me to call you a cocksucker?! You're in the wrong business, Jack--you're Sears-Roebuck material! You spit on me! No! I said It was a cock-sucking call and you can't run me for that! It was a cocksucking call! God damn It, Jack, he still ain't touched the plate. I got him on the knee! Nuke-- Good luck. It's the best, Nuke...the absolute fucking best. I don't need a crazy woman in my life. No. Fear and arrogance, you, hayseed, not ignorance! You will. Look, Nuke--these Big League hitters are gonna light you up like a pin ball machine for awhile-- don't worry about it. Be cocky and arrogant even when you're getting beat. That's the secret. You gotta play this game with fear and arrogance. I have been known, on occasion, to howl at the moon. D'you understand that? Sorry about last night. If ya get in a fight with some asshole, never hit his with your pitching hand. ya might get injured. That's another lesson for ya--now quit fucking around and help me up. Good. Good. That's terrific... Nuke...tell me something. Did you hit me with your right or your left? You know what the difference Is between hitting .250 and hitting .300? 1 got it figured out. Twenty-five hits a year in 500 at bats is 50 points. Okay? There's 6 months in a season, that's about 25 weeks--you get one extra flare a week--just one--a gork, a ground ball with eyes, a dying quail-- just one more dying quail a week and you're in Yankee Stadium! Okay, I'll kick your ass there. Come over here into the light so I can kick your ass. Why are you a fuck? 'Cause you got talent. I got brains. But you got talent! You're God damn left arm is worth a million dollars a year. All my limbs put together are worth 7 cents a pound--and that's for science and dog meat. You fuck! God damn it, you fucking virgin prick--step outside. C ' mon! Let go of me! Then go. Shut up. I'm playing. Oh you won't regret it, young girls don't forget it, lost in their own wilderness ... But it's all so easy--Just try a little tenderness... Anybody says anything bad about Millie, I'll break his neck. What's wrong? You outta your mind? If you give in now you might start losing. Never fuck with a winning streak. Yep. So how's Annie? Write, write--"I just wanta give It my best shot and, Good Lord willing, things'll work out." Of course. That's the point. "I'm just happy to be here and hope I can help the ballclub." Write this down. "We gotta play 'em one day at a time." Learn your cliches. Study them. Know them. They're your friends. It's time you started working on your interviews. Yep. He really crushed that dinger, didn't he. Musta gone 450 feet...damn... It'll keep the fear of God in the hitters. Trust me. I want you to throw this one at the bat rack. The moment's over. If this guy starts me off with a breaking ball, I'm going downtown-- Your fastball was up and your curveball was hanging--in the Show they woulda ripped you. Annie's a smart lady. I know, I know--I have that dream all the time. We're almost home. If he had a good breaking ball, I'd respect the shit outta him. What? Party without me. I won't have to. Go for it. I just wanta play everyday despite small nagging injuries--and go home to a woman who appreciates how full of crap I truly am. By the dozen. Holiday on Ice, Ice Capades, Ice Follies-- I'm through with one night stands. Naw... You could be one of those guys-- but you don't give a fuck, Meat. Yep. You don't need a quadraphonic Blaupunkt--you need a curve ball. In the Show, everybody can hit the fastball. You got a Hall of Fame arm but you're pissing it away. A gift. When you were a baby the gods reached down and turned your left arm into a thunderbolt. 'Cause you don't respect yourself, which is your problem, but you don't respect the game--and that's my problem. You got a gift. Gimme that. I told him. He did know. An' he scrambled the son of a bitch. Having fun yet? Guy hit the shit outta that one, eh? Fastball. Awright, meat, give him your heat. "To announce your fucking presence with authority"? This guy's a first ball fastball hitter. He's looking for heat. Why you shaking me off? Shake off the pitch. Throw what you wanta. Don't think. Drive off your back leg. You pitch with your legs as much as your arms- Now, Nuke, would I do a thing like that? Hey kids, this is the great Ebby Calvin "Nuke" LaLoosh. Yeah, Skip, you wanted to see me? I don't know. I haven't caught anything yet. And where can I go? I'm too old for this shit. Why the hell am I back in "A" ball? The Crash Davis. ) And you, Larry Hockett, should recognize me 'cause five years ago in the Texas League when you were pitching for El Paso and I was hitting cleanup for Shreveport, you hung a curve on an 0-2 pitch of a 3-2 game in bottom of the 8th and I tattooed it over the Goodyear Tire sign, beat you 4-3-- and I got a free wheel alignment from Goodyear. See ya at the yard, Meat. It's a damn easy thing to play with. Shut up--I like this song... April in Paris, this is a feeling, No one can ever reprieve... C'mon, Meat. You can't hit me 'cause you're starting to think about it already, you're starting to think how embarrassing it'll be to miss, how all these people would laugh. C'mon, Rook--show me that million dollar arm 'cause I'm getting a good idea about the five cent head-- Throw it. C'mon, right in the chest. From what I hear you couldn't hit a bull in the ass with a slingshot Hit me in the chest with this... Take the first shot at me. I don't believe in fighting. Love to--We'll pray anyway. We'll be praying for you. I was thinking I could fly up and spend a week in the Big Leagues with you--help you get comfortable.He'll learn. Ninety-three miles an hour. Hum, babe, hum, babe, fire it in here, hum babe-- Ninety-five miles an hour... What's it say? Ninety-five miles an hour. Jose Galindo. He hit .314 at Lynchburg last year.We're getting married. Can I give you my testimony? Have you accepted Jesus Christ as your personal savior?No, that is not belief. That is desperation. If you believe in Voodoo. Yes. A switch hitting witch. Very common in Puerto Rico. Chicken bone cross take the curse off this bat and bring me hits.Some kid hittin' .300 in Lynchburg ...probably a bust. It's a damn convention. He said his chakras were jammed and he was breathing out of the wrong nostril. I heard he's wearing women's underwear--and he's breathing through his pingala nostril. ...and one helluva guy. It's a miracle. Eight and twenty-four. We're eight and sixteen. Sears sucks, Crash, I tried it once. Sold Lady Kenmores--it's nasty, nasty work. But he ain't quite sure which plane he's on, y'know what I mean... He's got a million dollar arm and a five cent head. Ohyeah. I shoulda throwed a slider. Damn, Crash, how're ya? League record. And he hit the Radio Announcer, a Sportswriter, and the Bull Mascot twice--also league records-- Joe, the guy's got some serious shit. It's a league record. C'mon big 'un, you're okay... Better find our bonus baby, eh? Ain't he warning up?Don't worry. I think I'm ready for the Show. I won't be needing these anymore. How can I possibly thank you? I gotta leave first thing in the morning. Yeah, Skip, it's me. Jeez...Jeez...God...Jeez... Crash says I gotta quit worrying about him--c'mon, honey, we got a lotta catching up to do-- Aw hell, let's have a quickie right here-- I'm starting to understand what you're teaching me. I mean the panties and the nostrils and all that shit...I mean I'm getting it-- I couldn't dump my old man but maybe later I can sneak away from him... I'd like you to meet my father. We lost. I'll be back when we lose. He said if I gave in to you I'd start losing again. I did. You're exotic and mysterious and cute--that's why I better leave. I think you're real cute. I knew it--you're seducing me! No! You're playing with my mind! He didn't mean it nasty. He said that gettin' lost and disappearing from the face of the earth was sometimes a good thing to do-- especially like that. Well--he calls it the Bermuda Triangle. He said a man can get lost in there and never be heard from again. Crash once called a woman's, uh-- pussy--y'know how the hair kinda makes a "V" shape?-- Fundamentals? I know what it is. You can't seduce me. No, that's okay. All I need's a little nap. No, no, it was great. No. Just till I lose. You know what it feels like to throw a three hitter? We better not fuck. Not that. I mean the re-channeling of my sexual energy. Maybe we shouldn't make love for awhile. Y'know, Annie, I been thinking if it works for one game, maybe it'll work for a whole buncha games. Death is like spring training? God...I think I'm gonna be sick-- I can't keep up with you. First you say sex is gonna make me a better pitcher--now no sex is gonna do it?! How ya like that? Gimme the God damn ball! How was that? If I throw too hard I'll hurt the kid. Switch nostrils? I'm really beat. I need some serious "z's"-- My right nostril? Which nostril am I breathing through? This in ridiculous. I'm a pro. Catch? Sorry. You look great. I'm totally exhausted. God I'm tired. What a trip I was lousy. I was worse than lousy. Everytime I pitched--it was like throwing gasoline on a fire. Kaboom. I-- Big League pitchers don't use these. Jesus, Annie, I don't know-- What? God, I never thought of that. I wanted to be the host of Dance Fever, somethin' like that... Mmm, hmmm. You shoulda seen how many people came to the airport to see me off. When I got drafted first it was the happiest day of my Father's life. He likes baseball more than I do... Yeah maybe you're right. You said "Crash". You said "Crash". You mean Nuke. You said "Crash". You too...Meat. Yeah, thanks for everything. Maybe you do. Y'know I'm starting to like this game--baseball's a helluva good way to make a living. Well, I got Annie all warmed up for ya... She's just waiting for you to show up, y'know... I know. I just like to see you get all worked up. Fear and ignorance. No. Forget it. What? My right. I'll take you back to the hotel. No. You're a great catcher. Why am I a fuck? C'mon, we got nothin' to fight about. I don't wanta fight you, I wanta thank you. Let's have a drink and forget this-- Settle what? I'm trying to thank you. I'm going to the Show. Club's expanding its roster to finish the season-- Hey, guys, I got a game to pitch. I'm nervous--my old man's here. She's getting steamed 'cause I'm still re-channeling my sexual energy--maybe I should cave in and sleep with her once just to calm her down. What'ya think? "...Good Lord willing, things'll work out." Jesus. Boring. What do I gotta do? I love winning, Crash, you hear me? I love It. Teach me everything. You told him I was throwing a deuce, right? You're the boss. Why?! I'm finally throwin' the damn thing where I want to. Hey, I'm cruisin', man--what're you doing out here?! Can't you let me enjoy the moment? I was great, eh? Annie says her panties will keep one side of my brain occupied while I'm on the mound, thus keeping my brain slightly off center, which is where it should be for artists and pitchers. She also said I should throw whatever pitches you call for. I was playing naked. What would you think of a pitcher who wore women's panties? Can I ask you something? God--what a Big League move. If I get laid, you won't tell Annie? You're weird, man--I want a ice skater real bad. You're through with one night stands?! What do you want? "Naw"? There's ice skaters coming! You ever made love to an ice skater? This is from Tony for the rainout. C'mon, man, let's go to the party. God damn it I'm sick of you calling me "Meat"! You wanta step outside! You been in the Majors? I ain't pissing nothing away--I got a Porsche already. A 944 with A.C. and a quadraphonic Blaupunkt. What do I got? How come you don't like me? Oh she may get wooly, women do get wooly, because of all the stress... How? I'm having a blast. God, that sucker teed off on it just like he knew I was gonna throw a fastball. Well, I held it like an egg. Why's he always call me "Meat"? I'm the guy driving a Porsche. But he ain't seen my heat-- I wanta throw the heater to announce my presence with authority. Fun? What's he know about fun? Why's he calling for a curveball? I wanta bring heat. I thought I was-- Hey! What're you guys doing here-- stealing my girl? If it makes you and mom feel better, go for it. I gotta run-- Dad--if my curveball is hanging, God ain't gonna help me. No. If I screw up, I wanta do it alone. I'll call. I gotta go now, Dad. I'm Nuke LaLoosh. With the Bulls. Looking for Crash Davis. Jim looking for somebody. He goes to a whorehouse every night? They called me up to the Show and I wanta tell Crash goodbye. Where does he go?God bless you. Let's have a quick word of prayer, right here, to thank the Lord for all this-- We were worried that Ebby might get involved with the wrong crowd in professional baseball--we're so pleased, he met a Christian woman. Ebby's told me a lot about you.Crash, shut the door. What're you thinking about out here, Nuke? You can keep going to the ballpark and keep gettin' paid to do it. Beats hell outta working at Sears. We want you to room with him on the road and stay on his case all year. He can go all the way. 'Cause of Ebby Calvin LaLoosh. The Big Club's got a hundred grand in him- Crash Davis? I put in a word for you with the organization--told 'em I thought you'd make a fine minor league manager someday...Might be an opening at Salem next year-- The organization wants to make a change...now that Nuke's gone they wanta bring up some young catcher... Check it out. What the hell's going on out there? Okay... Nuke's overthrowing tonight, he don't look loose. Anything bothering him? I'm getting too old for this game. Jesus--what's got into Nuke? Patkin was a tribute to baseball... Look, guys--I'm a man, I got needs too. I understand this party-- but... sex is the one thing you can get further behind in and catch up faster than anything I know. There's a baseball lesson in there somewhere. Where's Crash? Eight and twenty-four! How'd we ever win 8 games? Eight and sixteen?! How'd we ever win eight? Jose, what's this sign? You guys lollygag the ball around the infield, ya lollygag you're- way to first, ya lollygag in an' outta the dugout. You know what that makes ya Lollygaggers. What's our record, Larry? Even if it's the Carolina League-- this is a chance to play everyday. You been around, you're smart, you're professional, you know what it takes-- We want you to mature the kid. --we had the gun on him tonight-- the last five pitches he threw were faster than the first five. 96 miles an hour, 98, 97, 97. 97. He's got the best young arm I've seen in 30 years. I'm Joe Riggins. Sit down Struck out eighteen... He walked eighteen?! Little high. No. The guy's professional debut and he forgets about it. Where's Ebby?Don't tell him I told you--he'd break my neck. Goddamn, that's great! Jesus! Listen, Crash don't like anybody to know it but-- Most nights he goes down to, you know, down to Niggertown. To Sandy's... the whorehouse. Well, I'd rather not say. Crash ain't there. He never gets back till four or five--You're outta here! Call me a cocksucker and you're outta here! Call me a cocksucker and you're outta here! Try it! Go ahead. Call me a cocksucker! You're close, Crash, you want me to run you? I'll run you! I didn't spit on you! You missed the tag! Did you call me a cocksucker? Don't bump me. You missed him!