One o'clock, two o'clock, three  o'clock, rock... Four o'clock, five  o'clock, six o'clock rock... Seven o'clock, eight o'clock, nine  o'clock rock... we're gonna rock  around the clock tonight Where's Ebby? Ain't he warning up? No. The guy's professional debut and  he forgets about it. Better find our bonus baby, eh? Seen Ebby? Nope. Ebby?! Jesus. Game starts in four minutes! Why ain't you warm?! I'm fining you a hundred dollars.  Jesus, Ebby, this is your professional  debut tonight -- you know how many  guys out there'd give blood to be in  your shoes an' you're leavin' your  fastball in the locker room for some  piece of ass! Oh, Millie, jeez, sorry -- I didn't  recognize ya. Don't take it personal  but if I catch you in here again  you're banned from the ballpark. Whatta we need a scoreboard for? We  haven't scored any runs all year Get your ass out there. What?! Ya got three minutes. When the clock strikes two, three,  and four and the band slows down  we'll yell for more, gonna rock around  the clock tonight. Jose Galindo. He hit .314 at Lynchburg  last year. Gonna rock, gonna rock around the  clock tonight. Is this guy LaLoosh worth a hundred  grand? I hear he's a quart low? He's left handed. Whattya expect? The Bulls are off to a slow start  having dropped their first three  games, but hope to turn it around  tonight with the professional debut  of the heralded young left hander,  Ebby Calvin LaLoosh. Stepping in for the Peninsula White  Sox is leadoff hitter Willie Foster Ready. The word on LaLoosh is that the good  looking young lefty has a major league  fastball but sometimes has problems  with his control. Little high. C'mon big 'un, you're okay... Ninety-five miles an hour. What the hell was that?! Lighten up  a little. Awright? Ed. You want me to write it on my  chest? Jesus ... What? That's Annie Savoy. Nice eh? But  that's more woman than you ever  dreamed of, Rook. She could kick  your ass and have you for breakfast. One ball and no strikes to Willie  Foster... What's it say? When the chimes ring five, six and  seven -- We'll be right in Seventh  Heaven, Gonna rock around the clock  tonight... Hey Lefty, hold 'em to 12 runs every  night, you'll win 20 -- Dear Lord, thank you for being with  us tonight, thank you for protecting  us from injury and -- Wake up, wake up -- This league is racist, man. Every time you go 0 for 4 you think  the league is racist -- face it,  Mick, you're an equal opportunity  "out". He walked eighteen?! It's a league record. Struck out eighteen... League record. And he hit the Radio Announcer, a  Sportswriter, and the Bull Mascot  twice -- also league records -- Joe, the guy's got some serious shit. Who're you? I am the player to be named later. Crash Davis? The Crash Davis. And you, Larry Hockett, should  recognize me 'cause five years ago  in the Texas League when you were  pitching for El Paso and I was hitting  cleanup for Shreveport, you hung a  curve on an 0-2 pitch of a 3-2 game  in bottom of the 8th and I tattooed  it over the Goodyear Tire sign, beat  you 4-3 -- and I got a free wheel  alignment from Goodyear. Oh yeah. I shoulda throwed a slider.   Damn, Crash, how're ya? I'm Joe Riggins. Sit down I'm too old for this shit. Why the  hell am I back in "A" ball? 'Cause of Ebby Calvin LaLoosh. The Big Club's got a hundred grand  in him -- He's got a million dollar arm and a  five cent head. -- we had the gun on him tonight --  the last five pitches he threw were  faster than the first five. 96 miles  an hour, 98, 97, 97. 97. He's got the best young arm I've  seen in 30 years. But he ain't quite sure which plane  he's on, y'know what I mean... You been around, you're smart, you're  professional, you know what it takes -- We want you to mature the kid. "Mature" ain't a fuckin' verb. You go to college or what? We want you to room with him on the  road and stay on his case all year. He can go all the way. And where can I go? You can keep going to the ballpark  and keep gettin' paid to do it. Beats hell outta working at Sears. Sears sucks, Crash, I tried it once.   Sold Lady Kenmores -- it's nasty,  nasty work. Even if it's the Carolina League --  this is a chance to play everyday. You don't want a player, you want a  stable pony. My Triple A contract  gets bought out so I can hold the  Flavor o' the Month's dick in the  bus leagues?! Fuck this fucking game... I fuckin'  quit. Who we play tomorrow? Winston-Salem. Batting practice at You wanted to see me? Yeah, Ed, shut the door... This is the toughest job a manager  has, Ed... But the organization has decided to  make a change -- we're releasing you  from your contract... How's it feel to get your first  professional win? Hopeless. Utterly fucking hopeless. I'm Tony. I play left field. Love the game, Annie, love it When I die I'm gonna have my ashes  sprinkled around a pitcher's mound  in some ballpark somewhere -- -- and I'll have a few ashes saved  for the rosin bag so I'll still be  in the game after I'm gone. Hey -- that's Crash Davis. He's played  in more towns than I have. Helluva  guy -- real different... I actually  saw him read a book without pictures  once I'm Crash Davis. I don't dance. Who's he dancing with? She's dancing with me. I'll learn. C'mon -- Love to -- I don't believe in fighting. Take the first shot at me. Hit me in the chest with this... From what I hear you couldn't hit a  bull in the ass with a slingshot Throw it. C'mon, right in the chest. C'mon, Meat. You can't hit me 'cause  you're starting to think about it  already, you're starting to think  how embarrassing it'll be to miss,  how all these people would laugh. C'mon, Rook -- show me that million  dollar arm 'cause I'm getting a good  idea about the five cent head -- Ball four. I'm Crash Davis. Your new catcher.   And you just got Lesson Number One -- "Don't think -- it can only hurt the  ballclub". Buy ya a drink? April in Paris, chestnuts in blossom,  Holiday tables under the tree... Shut up -- I like this song... April in Paris, this is a feeling,  No one can ever reprieve... It's a damn easy thing to play with. Why do you get to choose? Why don't  I get to choose? After 12 years in the minor leagues,  I don't tryout. Besides -- I don't  believe in, Quantum Physics when it  comes to matters of the heart... or  loins. I believe in the soul, the cock, the  pussy, the small of a woman's back,  the hanging curve ball, high fiber,  good scotch, long foreplay, show  tunes, and that the novels of Thomas  Pynchon are self-indulgent, overrated  crap. I believe that Lee Harvey Oswald  acted alone, I believe that there  oughtta be a constitutional amendment  outlawing astro-turf and the  designated hitter, I believe in the  "sweet spot", voting every election,  soft core pornography, chocolate  chip cookies, opening your presents  on Christmas morning rather than  Christmas eve, and I believe in long,  slow, deep, soft, wet kisses that  last for 7 days. G'night. I'm not interested in a woman who's  interested in that boy. See ya at the yard, Meat. Baby love, oh oh, baby love, I need  ya oh how I need ya, All ya do is  treat me bad, Take my heart and leave  me sad... Listen up, guys, could I have your  attention a minute? I'm going to be leading a daily chapel  service at three in the afternoons  here in the locker room and you're  all invited to drop by and worship  before batting practice. Jimmy, God damn it -- loosen up and  get laid. I don't care If you think I'm square  but I believe what I believe. Jesus, Ebby, what truck ran over  you? Annie nailed you? That's great, means  you're gonna have a helluva year.  Does she fuck as good as they say? Your shower shoes have fungus on  'em. You'll never get to the Bigs  with fungus on your shower shoes. Think classy and you'll be classy.  If you win 20 in the Show you can  let the fungus grow back on your  shower shoes and the press'll think  you're colorful. Until you win twenty in the Show,  however, it means you're a slob. This guy's bringing some serious  smoke out there. He ain't got shit. You ain't getting that cheese by me,  meat. Look for the fastball up. He's gotta  come with the cheese. Relax. Relax.  Quick bat. Pop the clubhead. Open  the hips. Relax. You're thinking too  much. Get outta your fuckin' head,  Crash. Get on top of the ball. Quick bat.   Don't let him in your kitchen -- You stupid fuck, Crash. What're you  swinging at a breaking ball for?  Why's he starting me off with a  hammer? Fuck me. You're okay. Stay back. Stay back,  you dumb fuck. Wait. Wait. Throw that shit again, meat. Throw  that weak ass shit. Now he's gotta try to slip the cheese  by me. One and one. You're on top.  Now bring me the gas -- This son of a bitch throws hard. Annie, Annie, Annie -- who is this  Annie? Jesus, get outta the box you idiot,  where's your head? Get the broad  outta your head. Time out. Time out! Get a hit, Crash. Shut up. Awright, awright. You've seen all  his pitches. Two and one. Relax.  Wait. Quick bat. You can hit this  shit -- Shorten up. Bring the gas... Be quick -- be quick -- yeah, yeah... Serious heat, eh? He ain't got shit. From Annie. Read it. Dear Crash. You have a lovely swing  but you're pulling your hips out too  early. I'd be happy to meet you at  the Batting Cage tomorrow to discuss  it. Signed, Annie. Well if there's one chick'd know  when you're pulling your hips out  early, Annie's the one. It says... "I want to -- make...  love to you. Crash". Yep. When you're hitting you shouldn't  think about anything but hitting. But you shouldn't think about it too  much. The trick is to use your brain  to not use your brain. So... Wanta make love? What'you see in that guy -- he's  dim, pretty boy. A young, wild... That's my job too. You're pulling your hips out. Don't tell anybody. 247 home runs in the minors would be  a dubious honor, if ya think about  it. No. Please. Let me. Your place or mine? Fact is you're afraid of meeting a  guy like me 'cause it might be real  so you sabotage it with some bullshit  about commitment to a young boy you  can boss around -- Great deal. You get to write self- indulgent little poems all winter  about how hard it is to find a man  even though you just sent him packing -- So what do you really want? You wanta  be a tragic woman figure wallowing  in the bullshit of magic? Or do you want a guy? Well, Annie, your place or mine? A batter has two tenths of a second  to decide whether to swing -- Now, Nuke, would I do a thing like  that? Hey kids, this is the great Ebby  Calvin "Nuke" LaLoosh. See you guys at the ballpark. Welcome to the "Atlantic Seaboard  Tobacco Growers City Council Little  League Cash Drop Night"! Drive off your back leg. You pitch  with your legs as much as your arms -- Don't think. I'm married. What's that? Chicken bone cross take the curse  off this bat and bring me hits. You a God damn witch? Yes. A switch hitting witch. Very  common in Puerto Rico. Will that work for me? If you believe in Voodoo. I'm 0 for 16! Gimme some of that  shit. No, that is not belief. That is  desperation. C'mon, God damn it, gimme some! ...five, four, three, two, one...  let 'er go! One thousand big ones! Don't try to strike everybody out. Strikeouts are boring. They're  Fascist. Throw some ground balls,  it's more Democratic. And listen, meat. You don't know  shit. If you want to get to the Show,  you'll listen to me. She only wants  you 'cause she can boss you around,  got it? Relax, have a ball out here. This  game's fun, okay? Fun, God damn it. And don't squeeze the ball so tight.  It's an egg. Hold it like an egg. Shake off the pitch. Throw what you  wanta. Why you shaking me off? "To announce your fucking presence  with authority"? This guy's a first  ball fastball hitter. He's looking  for heat. Awright, meat, give him your heat. Fastball. What're you lookin' at?! You're  showing up my pitcher, bush -- get  your ass in gear! Guy hit the shit outta that one, eh? An' he scrambled the son of a bitch. Having fun yet? He did know. I told him. Ninety-five miles an hour... Relax. Relax, Nuke, Relax... What kinda stuff's he got? I don't know. I haven't caught  anything yet. What're you thinking about out here,  Nuke? Good. But just 'cause you ain't  s'posed to think don't mean you ain't  s'posed to use your head. Have some fun, God damn it. Anybody not outta the shower in ten  seconds gonna get fined a hundred  bucks. One, two... No press for five minutes, Whitey. I'm doing a column on the Myth of  Sisyphus as manifest in a minor league  losing streak, Joe, and I thought... If I ever need a brain transplant  I'll choose a sportswriter 'cause  that way I'd be getting a brain that's  never been used. What're you laughing at?! You guys lollygag the ball around  the infield, ya lollygag you're way  to first, ya lollygag in an' outta  the dugout. You know what that makes  ya Lollygaggers. What's our record,  Larry? We're eight and sixteen. Eight and sixteen?! How'd we ever  win eight? Jose, what's this sign? That's the steal. Wrong. That's the bunt. This is the  steal. Face is "skin to skin". Skin starts  with "S". "S" stands for steal if it  follows the indicator which is hand  to eye 'cause the word "indicator"  starts with an "I" so I figure "eye" -- -- would remind you of "I" for  indicator to indicate that what  follows is the sign. I figure wrong --  You're a buncha lollygaggers. This is a simple game. ya throw the ball, ya hit the ball,  ya catch the ball. We can't win at home -- how we gonna  win on the road? We got a twelve day  road trip starting tomorrow. Bus leaves at six in the morning. You wanted to see me? Yeah, Bobby, shut the door. This is the toughest job a manager  has... But the organization has decided to  make a change -- Skip, I know I'm in a slump but I  hit the ball hard tonight, right at  'em. A couple flares drop in, and  I'm back in the groove! I got one word to say to you -- Shut  up! Gimme that. I hate people who get the words wrong.   It ain't "woolly" it's "weary" and  it nobody's got stress, they're  wearing a dress. Listen. Oh she may be weary, Young girls do  get weary, Wearing the same old  dress... 'Cause you don't respect yourself,  which is your problem, but you don't  respect the game -- and that's my  problem. You got a gift. A gift. When you were a baby the  gods reached down and turned your  left arm into a thunderbolt. You got a Hall of Fame arm but you're  pissing it away. You don't need a quadraphonic  Blaupunkt -- you need a curve ball. In the Show, everybody can hit the  fastball. Yep. I was in the Show for 21 days, once. It was the greatest 21 days of my  life. You never touch your luggage  in the show -- somebody else handles  your bags. It's great. The ballparks are like cathedrals,  the hotels all have room service,  the women have long legs and brains --  it's a smorgasbord. The women are hot, eh? Yeah -- and so are the pitchers.  They throw ungodly breaking stuff in  the Show -- exploding sliders. You could be one of those guys --  but you don't give a fuck, Meat. Yeah, let's go. As I was saying ya hold it like an  egg. ...double off the wall by Higgins,  and once again the Durham pitchers  are unable to get the first out of  the inning... Line drive to center -- a diving  stab by McFee -- ohhhh!  Ball gets  by his glove, another run in and the  crowd loves it -- Bulls will attempt to end a six game  losing streak against the Greensboro  Astros with Nuke LaLoosh on the  hill... (on the air) Base hit centerfield off LaLoosh... That closes the book on LaLoosh today,  5 earned runs, 5 hits, 5 strikeouts,  5 walks, 5 wild pitches... It's time to tell it like it is,  sports fans -- and this is the most  wretched road trip I've seen in 20  years, and possibly the worst Durham  team in half a century. Where are the great Bull players of  yesteryear? Where are the Footsie  Blakes, the Digger O'Dells, the Gus  Palowitzes? Is the modern athlete a pale imitation  of the great old warriors? Only Crash  Davis stands out this year, begging  the question, "What are these boys  thinking about, 'cause it sure ain't  baseball". Ice skaters. God. Look't em. that's  what we need, y'know -- one night  with some skaters and we can get  back on track... We need a night off just to stop our  losing streak. We need a rainout. I can get us a rainout. It's 90 degrees, there ain't been a  cloud in the sky in weeks. Hundred bucks says I can get us a  rainout tomorrow. You're on. God damn it! Vandals. Damn kids! We can't get it ready by game time,  boss. Call the radio and the paper. The game's been rained out. Par--ty! I blew a whole day's meal  money for this champagne seven  dollars, man, it better be good. For seven bucks it better be some  serious shit. What time is it, eh? When are they  coming? Naw... By the dozen. Holiday on Ice, Ice  Capades, Ice Follies -- I'm through with one night stands. I just wanta play everyday despite  small nagging injuries -- and go  home to a woman who appreciates how  full of crap I truly am. Go for it. I won't have to. It's them, it's them! Be casual. Come in! Shut up and be cool, man. Like Mickey  there... You wanta make it to the Show, Rock,  you gotta learn how to "lounge". You got it. Entre. Pa--rty! I just got one word to say to  everybody -- shut up! Nuke -- get everybody in here. Hundred  dollar fine anybody's not here in  five. Hundred dollars?! Christ. Sorry ladies... Go to hell! You're in last place  anyway! Party without me. Who are you? We're ice skaters. Can we go now? No. I want you to hear my philosophy.   It'll do you some good Here it is. This is a simple game.   You throw the ball, you hit the ball,  you catch the ball. You got that?! Yes. Are you lovely creatures aware that  you are about to compromise yourselves  with a buncha bums who are -- -- what are we? Eight and twenty-four. Eight and twenty-four! How'd we ever  win 8 games? It's a miracle. Look, guys -- I'm a man, I got needs  too.  I understand this party --  but... sex is the one thing you can get  further behind in and catch up faster  than anything I know. There's a baseball lesson in there  somewhere. Where's Crash? Aw Christ, he don't have to come.   He's hitting .350. Don't you think that's a double  standard -- we're here and he ain't? I believe in a double standard for  guys hitting .350. Look, men -- you got a choice. You  wanta be roasting your nuts off for  Midas Muffler welding exhaust pipes  up the assholes of Cadillacs... or -- You wanta be sitting in the Caddy  while some other guy's crawling around  in a monkey suit with a blow torch? There's only two places you can be  in life -- in the Caddy or under it. These are the best years of your  lives. These are the glamor days. It don't got any better than this. But... if this club don't start  winning soon, there's gonna be changes  made! Helluva guy -- What? If he had a good breaking ball, I'd  respect the shit outta him. Wake up, it's okay... you're  dreaming... I know, I know -- I have that dream  all the time. We're almost home. Hum, babe, hum, babe, fire it in  here, hum babe-- Hot. Very hot... Annie's a smart lady. Hey, fruit alert! Check out the Rook. You believe that? God's definitely a woman -- but she's  no lady. This is all Commie bullshit. God has a dick, man. God damn it, Jimmy, you're an expert --  does God have a dick or a pussy? The Lord God is tri-une -- Father,  Son, and Holy Ghost. Father and Son. Awright! Yeah, but He is a brother. Bullshit! God ain't no brother! If there is a God, why am I hitting Shut up! This is a damn noisy  clubhouse for a team that's lost 15  straight. Patkin was a tribute to baseball... ...and one helluva guy. I come to the garden alone, When the  dew is still on the roses, And the  voice I hear, whispering in my ear,.   The Son of God discloses -- Ninety-three miles an hour. Jesus -- what's got into Nuke? I heard he's wearing women's underwear --  and he's breathing through his pingala  nostril. I'm getting too old for this game. Your fastball was up and your  curveball was hanging -- in the Show  they woulda ripped you. The moment's over. If this guy starts me off with a  breaking ball, I'm going downtown -- I dare you to throw me the hammer --  you ain't that stupid... Breaking ball -- you fool! Two-nothing Bulls in the second --  first time the Bulls have been ahead  in weeks, eh Whitey -- Let's see if the real Nuke LaLoosh  will show up -- I want you to throw this one at the  bat rack. It'll keep the fear of God in the  hitters. Trust me. -- a staggering start by LaLoosh --  he's thrown 5 cuts on 9 pitches, all  of them strikes -- he's got pin point  control here tonight, Bull fans...  here's the pitch -- This guy's crazy. Yep. Next one might be at your head.  Hell if I know where the damn thing's  going... -- top of the ninth, two outs, one  out away from a stunning two hit  shutout for LaLoosh... He'll learn. This son of a bitch is throwing a  two hit shutout and he's shaking me  off?! Hey Charlie, here comes the deuce. Yep. He really crushed that dinger,  didn't he. Musta gone 450 feet...  damn... It's time you started working on  your interviews. Learn your clich�s. Study them. Know  them. They're your friends. Write this down. "We gotta play 'em one day at a time." Of course. That's the point. "I'm just happy to be here and hope  I can help the ballclub." Write, write -- "I just wanta give  It my best shot and, Good Lord  willing, things'll work out." Yep. So how's Annie? You outta your mind? If you give in  now you might start losing. Never fuck with a winning streak. Have you accepted Jesus Christ as  your personal savior? Can I give you my testimony? Come in. Nuke won't go to bed with you, eh? Aren't we all? You're gorgeous, God damn it! From  the moment I first saw you I knew I  had to have you. I had to have you! I think of you and the "boy" all the  time. And he's right! A ballplayer on a  streak has to respect the streak.  They don't happen very often. You know how hard this game is? If  you believe you're playing well  because you're getting laid or because  you're not getting laid or because  you wore red silk panties -- then  you are! And I still think Thomas Pynchon is  full of shit. Who are you? Do you have a job? And now you wanta teach me? I doubt that. I thought you wanted an  "uncomplicated" boy? -- and as soon as we lose a game,  he'll be back in your arms. Annie, I think you should leave. You okay? Why baseball? Who? What's so great about baseball? I don't know if I'd go that far. It's possible. Are you gonna be waking up next to  20 year old ballplayers when you're Why not? We're getting married. Well, yeah... I guess that probably seems pretty  corny to people like you. Nuke's overthrowing tonight, he don't  look loose. Anything bothering him? He said his chakras were jammed and  he was breathing out of the wrong  nostril. Okay... What's wrong? Hey, he's just your father, man --  he's as full of shit as anybody. What the hell's going on? You breathing through the wrong  fucking nostril again? Hey, you guys hear Jimmy and Millie  are engaged?! Wait'll I tell him  she's gone down on half the Carolina  League -- Anybody says anything bad about  Millie, I'll break his neck. Don't throw anything to me -- my  girlfriend put a curse on my glove. Then you got to cut the head off a  live rooster. Don't worry, man, this umpire's a  God damn racist. What the hell's going on out there? It's a damn convention. Check it out. What the hell's going on out here? Nuke's scared cause his nostrils are  jammed and his old man's here, we  need a live rooster to take the curse  off Jose's glove, and nobody knows  what to get Jimmy and Millie for  their wedding present -- there's a  whole lotta shit we're trying to  deal with -- Oh. I thought there was a problem. ...line drive up the alley's gonna  score at least two, here comes the  relay -- I got him on the knee! You missed him! God damn It, Jack, he still ain't  touched the plate. Don't bump me. It was a cocksucking call! Did you call me a cocksucker? No! I said It was a cock-sucking  call and you can't run me for that! You missed the tag! You spit on me! I didn't spit on you! You're in the wrong business, Jack --  you're Sears-Roebuck material! You're close, Crash, you want me to  run you? I'll run you! You want me to call you a cocksucker?! Try it! Go ahead. Call me a  cocksucker! Beg me! Call me a cocksucker and you're outta  here! Beg me again! Call me a cocksucker and you're outta  here! You're a cocksucker! You're outta here! ...I've never seen Crash so angry  and frankly, Bull fans, he used a  certain word that's a "no-no" with  umpires... Annie! You gotta be in there -- I  can hear that crazy Mexican singer! Ebby's told me a lot about you. Yeah... Ebby tells me you're a very  spiritual woman. He tells me you've  taught him a lot about discipline  and self-control. We were worried that Ebby might get  involved with the wrong crowd in  professional baseball -- we're so  pleased, he met a Christian woman. Let's have a quick word of prayer,  right here, to thank the Lord for  all this -- God bless you. Crash ain't there. He never gets  back till four or five -- Well, I'd rather not say. Goddamn, that's great! Jesus! Listen, Crash don't like anybody to  know it but -- Most nights he goes down to, you  know, down to Niggertown. To  Sandy's... the whorehouse. Don't tell him I told you -- he'd  break my neck. That's Sandy's. Keep your extra cash  In your shoes. But when she does get weary -- Try a  little tenderness... You know she's waiting, just  anticipating, the things that she'll  never possess... While she's there waiting -- Try a  little tenderness... Shut up. I'm playing. Oh you won't regret it, young girls  don't forget it, lost in their own  wilderness... But it's all so easy -- Just try a  little tenderness... Then go. Let go of me! No, no, Sandy, put it down. Nuke, you know Sandy Grimes? Hit  .367 at Louisville in 155. He hit .371 -- C'mon, Nuke -- you  and me, let's step outside and settle  this. C'mon! God damn it, you fucking virgin prick --  step outside. You fuck! Why are you a fuck? 'Cause you got talent. I got brains.  But you got talent! You're God damn  left arm is worth a million dollars  a year. All my limbs put together are worth  7 cents a pound -- and that's for  science and dog meat. Come over here into the light so I  can kick your ass. Okay, I'll kick your ass there. ...God damn... I forgot my fucking  shoes. Honey, go get my shoes. You know what the difference is  between hitting .250 and hitting  .300? I got it figured out. Twenty-five hits a year in 500 at  bats is 50 points. Okay? There's 6  months in a season, that's about 25  weeks -- you get one extra flare a  week -- just one -- a gork, a ground  ball with eyes, a dying quail --  just one more dying quail a week and  you're in Yankee Stadium! Come on, Meat... Nuke... tell me something. Did you  hit me with your right or your left? Good. Good. That's terrific... If ya get in a fight with some  asshole, never hit his with your  pitching hand. Ya might get injured. That's another lesson for ya -- now  quit fucking around and help me up. Sorry about last night. I have been known, on occasion, to  howl at the moon. D'you understand  that? You will. Look, Nuke -- these Big League hitters  are gonna light you up like a pin  ball machine for awhile -- don't  worry about it. Be cocky and arrogant  even when you're getting beat. That's  the secret. You gotta play this game with fear  and arrogance. No. Fear and arrogance, you, hayseed,  not ignorance! I don't need a crazy woman in my  life. It's the best, Nuke... the absolute  fucking best. Nuke -- Good luck. I was thinking I could fly up and  spend a week in the Big Leagues with  you -- help you get comfortable. We'll be praying for you. We'll pray anyway. I wanta thank everybody and the Lord  for the victory, it's a wonderful  way to celebrate my marriage -- and  I guess we're all back on a winning  streak, he? A few raucous "Fuckin  A's" from the team. Hey, Jimmy -- we chipped in and kind  got a little gift for ya of a special  wedding cake from the Durham Bulls. Hey, Crash -- Skip wants to see ya. Yeah, Skip, you wanted to see me? Crash, shut the door. This is the toughest job a manager  has... The organization wants to make a  change... now that Nuke's gone they  wanta bring up some young catcher... Some kid hittin' .300 in Lynchburg...  probably a bust. I put in a word for you with the  organization -- told 'em I thought  you'd make a fine minor league manager  someday... Might be an opening at  Salem next year -- Helluva year, Crash -- you know how  it is. I got released. How come in former lifetimes,  everybody was someone famous? How come nobody ever says they were  Joe Schmo? ...wrist and wrist joints, hand,  palm, knuckles, thumb, fore-finger,  finger-joints, finger-nail... C'mon, Meat, throw me that weak ass  shit -- c'mon, bring the heat, bring  it, bring it... Get your ass in gear... I quit. Hit my dinger and hung 'em  up. There might be an opening for a  manager at Salem next spring. Yeah... you a witch? You think I could make it to the  Show as a manager? Annie -- I got a lotta time to hear your  theories and I wanta hear every damn  one of 'em... but right now I'm tired  and I don't wanta think about baseball  and I don't wanta think about Quantum  Physics... I don't wanta think about  nothing... I just wanta be. 