Just remember that when you sign for the tip. They're paying for it, so don't be shy. What is it don't work out that way? Where you gonna stay? So, you go on upstairs to the party, your lady sees you, you run into each other's arms. Music comes up, you live happily ever after, that it? That is Christmas music. Mind if I play some tunes? You mean you thought she wouldn't make it out here and she'd come crawling on back, so why bother to pack? So, why didn't you come? But meant her moving here. So, you divorced of what? Hey, I'm sorry. When I was a cabdriver, see, people expected a little chit chat, a little eccentricity and comaraderie, I forgot how stuck up you limo guys were, so excuse me. Meanwhile, you still live in New York? The girl was off today. Hey, I didn't expect you to sit up front. So, your lady live out here? If your friend is hot to trot...I know a couple of mama bears. ...Or is he married? Do I? I'm sorry. You're gonna have to help me, man. This is my first time driving a limo. Argyle. I'm your limo driver. Hey, nice bag.We must shut down the building. Go wider --! If he's not a terrorist, and he's not a hostage...he's just not part of the equation. One of yours? Not any more. I'm Special Agent Johnson of the FBI. This is Agent Johnson...no relation.I must have missed 60 Minutes. What are you saying? You're amazing. You figured this all out already? You're very perceptive. What does he want? I read about them in Time magazine. When these Revolutionary Brothers and Sisters are Free, the hostages in this building will be taken to the roof and they will accompany us in helicopters to the Los Angeles International Airport where you will be given further instructions. You have two hours to comply. If you'd listened to me he would be neutralized already! He had the detonators! Theo? Theo! Karl, I know you want him, but the police are probably on their way. Maybe we can convince them it was all a mistake, but not if they hear gunshots! If you lock him in he'll be neutralized -- now do it! Karl? Karl! No. Heinrich's team must finish planting the detonators...and Theo needs time on the vault. After the police come they'll waste hours trying to negotiate...that's when we search for this man. Until then...we do not alter the plan. I know what you are feeling. But this is not productive -- See to Heinrich... Now...you can break the code key...? Okay. The code key, please...? Who said we were terrorists? Yes...I know about them. The code key is a necessary step in accessing the vault. It's beautiful. I always enjoyed models as a boy. The exactness, the attention to every foreseeable detail... perfection. 'Yippe-ki-yea, mother fucker'? Now you are fucked. No more jokes, drop it or she gets it between the eyes! Nein, dies ein ist mein. This time John Wayne does not walk off into the sunset with Grace Kelly. I'm going to count to three... Put it down now. One weekend I went to a combat ranch... You know, that game with the, the guns that shoot red paint? Must sound pretty silly to you... William Clay. Call me Bill. New York... You...you don't work for Nakatomi... and if you're not one of them... You...you're an American? --ohGodplease -- don't kill me -- don't kill me -- you're one of them, I know it -- Hear that? Talk to me, where are my detonators. Where are they or shall I shoot another one? Sooner or later... ...I might get to someone you do care about. Do you really think you have a chance against us, Mr. Cowboy? I'm afraid not. But you have me at a loss -- you know my name, but who are you? Just another American who saw too many movies as a child. Another orphan of a bankrupt culture who thinks he's John Wayne...Rambo... Marshal Dillion. Mr. Mystery Guest. Are you still there? Who are you, then? Encourage them to be bolder. ...the circuits that cannot be cut... are cut automatically in reponse to a terrorist incident...You ask for miracles, Theo...I give you the FBI... Well have a look at what our friends outside are doing and I'll be right up. Then don't waste time talking to me. We may have some problems. How is your schedule? If out plan works...the FBI will get rid of it for us. How long? Then there's no reason not to tell it to us. I'm an exceptional thief, Mrs. McClane. And now that I'm moving up to kidnapping, you should be more polite. Mr. Takagi chose his people well, Mrs...? Yes, you're right. It will be done. No. But I'll have a sofa brought out to you. Good enough? Go on. Oh? What idiot put you in charge?'Asian Dawn Movement?' I don't want neutral...I want dead -- -- you wouldn't let me kill him when I had the chance -- He wasn't lying about Marco: He's thirty stories down on the street. The other man is Heinrich, and I found his body upstairs. And his bag is missing. Hans, he killed by brother -- And if he alters it...? He was my only brother...my only family! I want blood for my blood. We search...now. Nothing...You're all right, Argyle. I'll find someplace. It's corny, but I could live with it. How 'bout some Christmas music? Like I said, Argyle...you're fast. 'Cause I'm a New York cop who used to be a New York kid, and I got six months backlog of New York scumbags I'm still trying to put behind bars. I don't just get up and move. Closer to Japan. You're fast. She had a good job, it turned into a great career. It's okay, it's okay. You're nosey, you know that, Argyle? The past six months. Married. That's okay. This is my first time riding in one. Argyle. Don't you take this stuff? I'm John McClane. That asshole's not my friend! I barely know him! I hate his fucking guts -- -- Ellis, for Christ's sake, tell him you don't mean shit to me -- Don't you think I know that! Put Hans on! Hans, listen to me, that shithead doesn't know what kind of scum you are, but I do -- Ellis...you shouldn't be doing this... Ellis, what have you told them? Whoa, Hans, now you're the cowboy? That was Gary Cooper, shithead... Yeah. Like you did with Takagi. That was tricky, with the accent. I bet you do a great Ed Sullivan. Why do you need the detonators, Hans? I already used the explosives. Hans. Your Hans. Sounds better than nothing. Bill, you know how to use a handgun? Better than being caught with your pants down, right? John McClane. They invited me to the Xmas party. Who knew? I'm a cop from New York. Only if New Jersey counts. Whoa, whoa, easy man. I won't hurt you. Who are you? What are you looking for? Go fuck yourself. Actually, I was always partial to Roy Rogers. I really dug those sequined shirts. I wouldn't think of leaving, Hans. Unless you want to open the front door...? Just the fly in the ointment, Hans. The monkey in the wrench, the pain in the ass - Bad for your health anyway. Holly, we have to stop meeting like this. So that's what it was. A fucking robbery. So why nuke the building, Hans? Don't I always? Oh, here it comes. One of those 'meaningful relationship conversations.' I never should've let you get those magazine subscriptions -- No matter what it did to our marriage -- ? Sure. It's unnerving. I remember this one particular married woman, she went out the door so fast there was practically a jetwash...I mean, talk about your wind chill factor... Especially my name. You must miss it every time you write a check. When did you start calling yourself 'Ms. Gennero'? They would, huh? Ramona...no, Pomona, that's it. Well, Cappy Roberts retired out here a couple years ago. He said I could bunk with him. It's a long story. You know, I think that Ellis has his eye on you. Nice, but one of us is three hours out of sync. I think it's me. Is there a place I can wash up? Yeah. I remember our first date. I'm fine. You throw quite a party. I didn't know they had Christmas in Japan. Relax, Ellis. I'm off duty. So I've heard. Yeah. How'd you know? Excuse me, I'm looking for -- I'm serious. Hey, this is my wife... Holly Gennero. Al. Man, you were my rock. I couldn't have made it without you. Stand by, Powell. I gotta check something out. I hope so. But that's up to the guy upstairs. Upstairs... ...Hans, you bastard...what were you doing? Look...I'm getting a bad feeling up here...I'd like you to do something for me. Look up my wife...don't ask how, you'll know by then...and tell her...tell her...I've been a jerk. When things panned out for her, I should've been behind her all the way ...We had something great going until I screwed it up...She was the best thing that ever happened to a bum like me. She's heard me say I love you a thousand times, but she never got to hear this...honey...I'm sorry. You get all that? Powell? What's going on? I still feel like shit. I...I'm sorry. I didn't mean to make a joke of it. They way you drive, I can see why. Yeah? What's the odds? Yeah. But all things being equal, I'd rather be in Philadelphia. By the way, chalk up two more terrorists. The way you drove that car, I figured you for the streets. Speaking of cows, did you ever hear so much bullshit in your life? Two hours? That doesn't even make any sense -- Al? Al, you there? Two. And I'd sure like to see them swinging on the jungle gym with Al junior. You sound like a man with a couple of kids. Yeah, just trying to handle some year old twinkies. Yucck. What do they put in these things? Thanks...partner. Two? Are you sure? The plastique I found. Is the building on fire? Al, what's wrong? Did something -- -- Oh, God. You're coming in! That's it, isn't it? Christ, Powell, I told you what you're dealing with here -- They're all yours, Al. Good luck. 'Roy'. I'm ahead of you...partner. I've seen enough phoney ID's in my time to recognize that the ones they've got cost a fortune. Add all that up and I don't know what the fuck it means, but these are bad ass preps and they're here to stay.Bullshit. Roy? I got it. But you can tell her yourself. Just watch your ass and you'll make it. Ask the FBI. They've got the terrorist playbook and they're running it, step by step. Then this won't matter. LAPD's not calling the shots anymore. Hey, you couldn't know. Eleven years ago. Oh, it was dark... he was big for his age...damn ray gun he had looked real enough...yeah, I had all the right excuses...but afterwards... I really couldn't draw my gun again. I...I shot a kid. You don't want to know. They boys'll be glad. We got a pool going on you. Roy? You still with us? In my youth, partner. In my youth. Don't tell me, partner. I'm just a desk jockey who was on the way home when you rang. I'm here, cowboy. It's a date. You buy the ice cream. Not yet, the wife in working on our first. You got any kids back on the ranch? 'Sugar, enriched flour, partially hydrogenated vegetable oil, polysorbate 60 and yellow dye #5.' Hey, I love you. So do a lot of the guys. So hang in there, man. Hang in there. No, but it's gonna need one hell of a paint job and a shitload of screen doors. One spotters say you got two with that blast. Safe and sound, thanks to you. What the fuck was that? I said we'll talk later, Roy. If you're what I think you are you should know when to listen, when to shut up... and when to pray. I'm here, Roy, but I'm, uh, kind of busy. Let's talk later, okay? Got it...'Roy'. Now listen. If you think of anything else you think we need to know, don't be shy, okay? In the meantime I want you to find a safe place and hole-up and let us do our job. Understand? Uh, what do I call you? I hear you... Partner. And LA's finest are on it, so light 'em if you got 'em. How do you know? This is -- He's alone, tired, hunted, and hasn't seen diddly-squat from us and you think he gives a flying fuck about what you're going to do to him? Robinson, wake up and smell the shit you're shoveling! Christ, can't you read between the lines! He did everything he could to save him...if he gave himself up they'd both be dead! Yessir. What about the body that fell out of the window -- ? Going in...are you out of your mind? There's 30 hostages in there -- for all we know -- What's going on? A hunch. Things he said. Like, knowing how to recognize a phony ID -- I don't think so, Sir. In fact... I think he's a cop. Maybe not LAPD, but definitely a badge. We don't exactly know, Sir. He won't give us him name. He appears to be the man who called in the report...he's killed one of the terrorists for sure and claims he capped two others. The terrorists? Don't know, Sir. We haven't heard a peep from them. I am, Sir...Sergeant Al Powell.-- ten blocks? Are you crazy? It's Christmas Eve, thousands of people -- the Mayor'll scream bloody murder -- No, sir. Dwayne Robinson, LAPD. I'm in charge here. This is Deputy Chief Robinson. Who is this? Anytime you want to go home, Sergeant...consider yourself dismissed. Maybe. And maybe they'd at least be talking to us! Now tell your 'partner' to stay out of it, or so help me if he lives through this I'll put him behind bars myself! Goddamn, didn't you hear him! He practically pulled the Goddamned trigger himself -- he gave that man to them -- Give me that. Now, listen to me, mister, I don't know what you think you're doing, but demolishing a building doesn't fall under the definition of 'help'! There's hundreds of people out here and you covered half of them in pieces of glass -- Is that him? Who the hell knows? Maybe he was a stockbroker who looked at the Dow Jones and opted for early retirement! -- all we know? We don't know shit, Powell. If there's hostages why hasn't anyone asked for ransom? If there's terrorists, where's their goddamn list of demands? All we know is that someone shot up your car, and it could be the same flake you've been talking to on the radio! What's it look like? We're going in. -- recognizing phony ID's? Christ, Powell, he could be a fucking bartender for all we know! How do you know? He claims? Powell, has it occured to you he could be one of the terrorists, pulling your chain? Or some kind of nut case who -- Then who the hell have you been talking too? Dwayne Robinson. Well, what have you learned? What do they want?I don't know it! get on a Goddamn jet to Tokyo and ask the chairman! I'm telling you! You're just going to have to kill me -- It's useless to you! There's seven safeguards on our vault, and the code key is only one of them! You'll never get it open! You want...money? What kind of terrorists are you? This is what this is about? Out building project in Indonesia? Contrary to what you people think, we're going to develop that region... not 'exploit' it. You wife's made for this business. She know how to drive a hard bargain. Hey, we're flexible. Pearl Harbor didn't work out, we got you with tape decks. Can I get you anything? Food? Cake? Watered down champagne punch? I've spent half my life on airplanes, I can recognize someone who just got off one. I'm Joe Takagi, Mr. McClane. I have ...something to do with this company. Holly Gennero?The only thing left for them is the City Grid... ...They may not do it. When you're hot, you're hot. You better heat up that miracle you were talking about. We broke through on Number Six, and the Electromagentic came down like a sledgehammer... Three down, four to go -- Yo! Thirty minutes to break the code... Two hours for the five mechanicals. The seventh lock...that's out of my hands. I told you...