Sump'n's stirrin' up the chickens, Maude. (eerie HOWL) (without looking up) Everythin' okay out there, Maude? What say? (SCREAMS)ZEKE  (YELLING) Get away!' Scat!  Shoo! (from distance) Help!... He-elp! Egon, could you hold off on the weather balloon bit for a minute? It's Your night to take out the trash. And Winston's in the kitchen doing your dishes. (preoccupied; through above) Be with you in ... (checks watch) ...one minute, fifty-three seconds. (AD-LIB REACTIONS as they bounce off balloon) (big muffled SQUEAL) (pissed; sarcastic) Thanks, Slimer.  I really needed that! Sorreee! (irritated) Egon!  The phone! (preoccupied with remote controls) In a minute, Ray. (sarcastic) Nevermind, Egon, wouldn't want you to strain yourself. (picks up phone) Ghostbusters Central. Calm down... Where are you?... (a BEAT as he listens) We'll be right there. Ready for this one?  Some farmer says his wife was eaten by a giant chicken. Hey, even a half-baked false alarm sounds better than doing Egon's chores. (he drops trash bags) Let's roll! I think I've finally perfected it.  Watch this, guys. (a BEAT, he looks around over shoulder) Guys? It sure feels strange not having Egon with us. (sarcastic) Why?  Lately even when he's with us, he's not with us. But wouldn't it be somethin' if he sells that weather balloon idea of his?  He'll be a rich man! Good.  Then he can hire a maid to do his share of the chores. Had big blood-red eyes, it did.  Biggest dang chicken I ever seen.  Mebbe six feet tall. Shouldn't be hard to find. Did it have any distinguishing marks? Ray!  It's six feet tall! (over shoulder as he goes) Thank you, Sir.  We'll put out a missing chicken report right away. (as they go) This one's easy, guys.  Old Zeke's been watchin' too many horror movies and eating too much greasy popcorn. No, Peter, I think we're dealing with a bonafide werechicken here. A werechicken? Get serious, Ray. Then explain those! (SNIFFS as he goes) Ow! (amazed GASP!) (excited) What'd I tell you, Peter?  A werechicken egg!  Gimme a hand, Winston! Look, if this is a werechicken egg, ...how come there's no PKE reading? (looking at meter in Peter's hand) I dunno... that is strange. Let's get it back to Headquarters and run some tests.  Then maybe we'll have some answers. Oh no, I'm not leavin'.  The werechicken that laid this has gotta be around here someplace -- and I'm gonna find it. (throws up his hands with heavy SIGH) I'll take it.  C'mon, Slimer. (shaking his head; as he goes) Werechickens. Interesting.  That's the second biggest egg I've ever seen. I don't wanna hear about it, Egon.  We've had a long night in a not-too-fragrant barnyard, so I'm taking a shower and hitting the sheets. (tired) Ray, it's gettin' pretty late.  Maybe there really isn't any... (holds up one hand) Shh! (low voice) It's in there. (unclipping his blaster) Then let's get it! (WHISPER) (WHISPER) Look out! (relieved SIGHS) Man, he is ugly! Bad choice of words, Winston. Trap out! Hang on!  That's it! We've almost got him! (Normal CLUCKING) (looking at chicken) Well, that takes care of one werechicken. Now to find the six-footer that ate Zeke's wife. Ray, I just had a thought... What if that six-foot werechicken is Zeke's wife? (straining) Thanks for the help, Slimer, but I don't have time to examine this egg tonight.  I have to prepare for my weather balloon demonstration tomorrow morning. (through above) But it'll be safe in here. Yeah. (big YAWN) G'night, Egon. Goodnight, Slimer. (SNORING)SLIMER Fooooood. (licking his lips) Yummy! (SQUEALS, then GRUNTS) (HUMMING through above) (still HUMMING) (AD LIB SINGING)PETER (startled YELL; then:) Slimer!  How 'bout some privacy?? (pointing, eyes wide) Monster!  Inna kitchen! Monster? (nods) Uh-huh!  Uh-huh! (imitates werechicken)EGON (looking around) Ow! (dazed) What? (CALLS) Holy cow!! (horrified) What'd you do to Egon, you bird-brain! Peter!  Wait! (surprised as he looks around) Hey! Peter, that is Egon!  The egg hatched, he was bitten and now he's a werechicken! (looking at door) You're kidding! (a BEAT, then) Come to think of it, there was a certain resemblance. (looking toward door) What happened?  He's so quiet all of a sudden. It's the moon! Tonight's the first -- -- lunar eclipse in ten years! Ray, what's this have to do with Egon being a chicken? (turning to others) Werechickens only appear during a full moon, and for the next few minutes, the moon's not full. (tentative) Egon? Ray, what is going on? And why am I naked? (as he enters) Egon!PETER Sit down, Egon, we have some good news and some bad news. (as he sits) Bad news first. You've been turned into a werechicken! A werechicken? (flipping through book) Were-aardvarks ... were-bears werechickens! (reads) "The werechicken appears during the full moon.  Anyone it bites will turn into another werechicken." (he looks at Egon) That egg Peter brought in, it hatched and... (through above) I remember the bite clearly.  How long will I stay like this? (looking in Tobin's Guide) According to this, there is an antidote. But we've gotta move fast -- the eclipse only lasts three minutes! (reading through above) "One tablespoon paprika, one clove of garlic, some parsley for color, cup of gelatin..." (weakly) I don't feel well. (through above) Take it easy, Egon.  You're gonna be fine. (SHOUTS O.S.; worried) Hurry it up, guys! (reading hurriedly) "And one tablespoon of chickenbane." (aghast) No chickenbane! Then we've gotta go with this!  C'mon! (YELLS) (YELLS o.s.) He's changing again! (breathless) Quick, Egon, drink this! (swallowing, GULPING sounds) We're too late! What happened? The potion only partly worked, because of the missing chickenbane. Well, we hafta do something! Don't get your feathers ruffled, Peter. There's a logical solution to every problem. What was that? The werechicken that bit Egon.  It's still out there somewhere. (to others) Let's stop that thing before it makes drumsticks out of anyone else! (to Egon) Un, no offense, Egon. (into radio mike) All quiet on the chicken front.  How about down there? Not a peep. (gives Ray a dirty look) No pun intended. (SCREAMING as they exit) That's it! (breathless) It's in there!  A big chicken!  It's gotta be ten feet tall! Ten feet tall? (nods) Maybe fifteen, I dunno.  Big! (he runs o.s.) I'm outta here! (to Winston) Let's split up. How could we lose a fifteen foot-tall chicken? (frightened SCREAM) We didn't!  Come on! A giant chicken just came through here -- it was thirty feet tall! Thirty feet tall? Yeah!  Look what it did to those cars! (into radio) It's how big?  Okay, Ray, I admit you were right about these Werechickens,... ...but I definitely don't buy them growing to the size of buildings. (covers mouth, LAUGHTER FIZZING through his closed, flapping lips. "How absurd.") (SCREAMS)WERECHICKEN (deafening HOWL) (into mike) Ray, you were right!  The chicken's here, and he's a walking high-rise! (into radio) On our way, Peter. (startled CLUCK) It's a long story, Janine.   Can you get my coat, please?  I'm due at the weather board in forty-five... Trust me.  I'm of sound mind at least. (CLUCKING as he goes) (panicky WALLA) (into radio) It's heading down 34th toward the Empire State Building. Check!  We're almost there. Roger! Let's reel him in! (angry HOWLS) (loud) Trap's full!  Somebody forgot to empty it! (YELLS) EGON'S! It's gonna blow! (over walkie-talkie) Peter, get outa here! (SNAPS finger) Peter, that's not a bed idea!  Chicken freezes at very low temperatures! Yeah, but how do you freeze a 50-foot chicken in August? Egon's weather balloon! Distinguished members of the Weather Board, my weather balloon has the clu-cluck-clu- capability -- ... of entering the upper atmosphere where clu-cluck-clu cloud formations occur. (puzzled MUTTERING WALLA) There, it can electronically alter weather cut-cut-cut-con-ditions to produce sun, rain, or...snow. (excited WALLA) (to Board members) I, er, can explain this, but -- (WHISPERING MUTTERS)EGON What? (SCREAMING)PETER (loud over engine) Egon, can we freeze that big chicken with your weather balloons (holds up wings) Yes, but you'll have to work the controls. (nods) Piece of cake. What's it doing? It looks like it's about to lay an -- (with dread) I don't want to hear it. Okay, Peter, the balloon's in position. Turn the lever to the extreme left. They did it!  All-right!! (raising hand) You bet, Maude. Lemme guess -- more chickenbane soup! I'm actually starting to like it. It came from the lab! (HOWLS)WINSTON (big SIGH) It's just Slimer groovin' to his new James Brown tape. (a la James Brown) I feel good! I knew that I would So good, so good, so good! (big James Brown HOWL as we --)PETER (long-suffering) Tell me, how do I get out of this chicken outfit? 