Crap. The puzzle answers all run together. Four letter word for... vomit. She takes a deep breath to calm her nerves. it doesn't help. Not "barf". For sure not "barf". That's too easy. "Puke" is okay, but maybe a bit pedestrian (that means boring)... I like "hurl". I do. I like the way it rolls off your tongue -- the word, I mean. But my all time favorite is none of those. She puts her head between her knees, tries to keep it together. Four letter word for vomit? S-P-E- W. Spew... Sp-ew. A door nearby opens but Mary doesn't budge. A POLICE OFFICER walks out. A 40ish female TEACHER pokes her head out the door, signals to Mary. Jesus help me. You weren't supposed to tell them. I made a crossword puzzle to help them guess what my job is. You ruined it. People do crossword puzzles all the time but they don't often think of the person who made all the words fit together, and who thought up the clues, and who made sure the little black squares at the top mirror the ones at the bottom. She pulls one of the crosswords out of the garbage can, holds it up, turns it upside down, forces a nervous smile. Crossword constructors usually have above average intelligence, with knowledge of just about every subject you can imagine. And it helps if they can spell. The card in Mary's hand reads "LAUGH". She laughs. Nobody else does. She looks at the cards again, instantly gets serious, sweeps her hand through the air. Imagine, for a moment, a world without crossword puzzles. A world- Mary notices one Kid with his hand up. It totally throws her off. My parents - Water. Yep, I live at home... She forces herself to get it together, totally faking it. But so do all of you, so there... And sure, I only create one crossword puzzle a week but I have deadlines, I have stress, I have demands on me so huge you would not believe. The newspaper business is hell. I mean it. Hell. Somebody's got to write about all the horrors that go on in this world. Me! My crossword puzzle is always good news. it enlightens. it r andma's entertains. It keeps your g mind alive so she remembers to send you five bucks on your birthday. Think about that as you lie in bed tonight picking your nose and crying yourself to sleep. I know I will. The Kids just stare at her. She leans against the teacher's desk, tries to look relaxed but fails miserably. My job matters, you know. In media circles I am, as the Dutch say, geliefd. That means I have plenty of friends. Hoards, in fact. Scads even. The kids aren't buying it. That's a pretty blouse. The Teacher smiles back. Awkward. Twelve letter phrase for smashing success! She heads down the walkway toward the bus stop. As one would say in old Paris... Coup de maitre! talking - now to him. It means "master stroke", even though the direct translation is actually "master blow"... Leave it to the French to pass off an unpleasant slave activity as an everyday expression. The Custodian doesn't know what the hell she's talking about. Mary continues on to the bus stop. I sometimes suffer from benign positional vertigo. Could you please not drive until I'm - f He ignores her, starts driving. Mary struggles toward the back o f the bus, grabbing g goes. Excuse me... pardonnez-moi... begnadiyen sie mich... She lurches for an empty seat and just about dislodges her shoulder on the center pole. Finally settled, she peeks under her sweater at the shoulder damage. Hello hematoma. She smiles at an angry ELDERLY LADY sitting across from her. The lady gives her the "don't talk to me" glare, then stares out the window. Mary fidgets in her seat. Hi Betty. Betty just rings up the papers. Did you see the review of "Hairspray" in the Journal yesterday? They used the word "spectacular" -- always a good sign. Maybe you'd like to go see it with rne? I have a coupon for five dollars off. Betty shoves the newspapers back across the counter, points at them, then speaks in barely recognizable English. Nine dollar twenty. Mary fishes in her bag for money. We could bring your dad if you want. I don't think the show is ageist. That means he won't feel like a loser for being old. As she takes her time paying, Mr. Takihashi madly gestures about Mary holding up the line. Betty barks at her. Pecha kucha! Do Itta! Betty takes Mary's money, waves her on and helps the next customer. So no then? That's a no? Betty ignores her. Mary waits, loads the newspapers into her bag. Crap. "Brilliant" is what they said. Never in the history of St. Margaret's Career Day have the children's brains been so inordinately stimulated as they were today by my presentation. "Inspired", the teacher told me. "Engrossing" one child exclaimed. I'm sure that's what he meant. And "ebullient"- Dad, some of the greatest orators of all time had their heads chopped off for their labors. I'm lucky to escape with a simple flesh wound. Mary hands over the last newspaper, heads out to the hallway. Her mother yells to her. I told you I'm not going. Mrs. Alchessi has gliomatosis cerebri. A brain tumor characterized by, among other things, dementia. She's nuts. Mary walks up the stairs. I'm normal. Silence from her parents. Mary marches back into the living room. In fact, I'm normalis extremes. That's the kind of normal that doesn't get more normal. I'll go. Mary bolts up the stairs to her room. Mr. and Mrs. Horowitz look at each other, surprised, happy. Carol, tonight I have a date. A blind one. Not the guy, I mean the situation. We are, as yet, unknown to one another... It's nerve wracking, I know. Try not to have a spontaneous epileptiform seizure. The doorbell rings. Mary freezes, listens for the muffled voices downstairs. She sits on the corner of her bed and breathes rapidly into a paper bag. There's a knock on her bedroom door. Mary folds up the bag, puts it in her pocket for later, then opens the door a crack. It's her mother. I'd rather not. Mrs. Horowitz opens the door wider, takes a look at Mary, looks like she's going to cry. i already did. Repeatedly. Please don't mean on the inside. Let's hope all that does it for him. Gods. You may have noticed that I'm wearing clean socks. Translation: I'm really trying and thus should be amply rewarded. Thanks for your support. She gets up, has a second thought, gets back onto her knees. And by support I don't mean, you know - She hikes up her bra. I mean your assistance, your furtherance, your advocacy of my efforts to get out there and... do what I'm supposed to do. She concentrates hard, opens her eyes. Now she's ready. I never went to kindergarten! He looks at her, totally confused. They skipped me to the forth grade. I missed finger painting. He has no clue what to say. Me too. She lunges for his lips but the seatbelt snaps her back inches short. You're not her type. And she's married. Steve? Is it Steven with a V or Stephen with a P-H? I thought so. There are almost a million Stevens with a V in the country, you know. It's much more popular than the P-H way, almost twice as popular in fact. I think it's the Brits who prefer the P-H. They love their P-H's over there. Not as much as they love their fish and chips but still, they love them. It was the media thing, you know, that's why our moms wanted us to get together. You work in the media, so do I. We really have to hand it to our moms, Steve, we do, and not just for raising us, or for thriving during a time when women painstakingly struggled for equality, but I mean we should hand it to them for being visionaries and predicting our all encompassing compatibility. We're professionally compatible, yes, but it's occurring to me at this particular moment that we're also sexually compatible, and I don't know if you noticed like I noticed but we're also both wearing blue. What are the chances of that? Actually, if I really think about it, the chances are probably pretty good. Blue is one of the most popular three colors, however, yours is- She leans forward and checks the fabric tag on the neck of his jacket. She can't quite read it. She reaches up and flips on the interior light. Steve's just about blinded. She grabs the tag, reads. Nylon. And mine... She grabs her own tag and reads it, just about elbowing Steve in the eye. Polyester! See? Both synthetic fibres! And the chances of that are much smaller than the chances of us just wearing blue. Steve looks at Mary - suddenly fully aware of her craziness. Do you like crosswords? Me too! And semantics, the study of the meaning of words? You love words, right? I know! She can hardly believe her good fortune. Her mind reels just as fast as her lips. Steve with a V, you know what we are? We're didymous. Two of a kind. Two rare earth elements brought together by Norns, that's Scandinavian for The Destinies. You want to make out for ten to fifteen minutes more then go get a six pack of Twinkies and Mountain Dew and stay up all night and talk? Steve is frozen. No escape - then it hits him. He jumps a bit, pulls out his cell phone. I didn't hear it ring. I didn't feel it It's okay. When you get back we can have plenty of quality time. Steve, this has been a night to remember. Normal. Mom, sometimes that's all you need to know he's the one! Mary smiles big, takes the rest of the stairs up two at a time. Mrs. Horowitz is about to follow her. Eleven letter word for serendipity. She screams into her pillow. The perfect answer: S-E-R-E-N-D-I-P- I-T-Y. Serendipity. Why would you ever need a better word than that? She sits up, grabs her notebook, starts to draw out a new crossword puzzle. Creativo? That's Italian for "creative". How about - Oh. She looks like she's going to cry. She picks bag, fidgets. Maybe I could make it up to you by doing a fishing themed crossword. I know how you love the piscatology. Soloman shakes his head -- it's done. Mary hesitates then finally gets up. Okay. I'll just give you some time then. We'll talk next week. Indeed. Finished with the Times? She goes to take the paper. He stops her. How do you think? She looks at him -- worry all over his face. She hesitates for a moment then sucks it up. Because if you're thinking that they loved it, that they thought it was imaginative and bold and evocative... you would be right. He works a lot, you know. Travels all the time. 'Tis possible he has not yet espied it. She picks up the crossword, admires it. But when he does, I'm sure he'll say, "that Mary Horowitz... is a catch. Where oh where has she been all my empty life? From here onward my life will be divided into 'before I met Mary' and 'after I met Mary' with the second part being far superior. I am lonely no more. The missing letter in my puzzle has at last been found." I'm not. Four letter word for am I going to wait my whole life for Steve to call? She suddenly stops writing. Nope. She flails out of the tub like a salmon heading upstream, grabs a towel barely big enough to cover her. Without any effort to dry off, she runs out of the bathroom. Ow ow ouch. She gets off the banister, slops the rest of the way down the stairs, jumps into the doorway of the living room. The news is Steve's life! It's not just what he does, it's who he is, imbedded deep down in his polymer of nucleotides. I should be out there by his side. That's what girlfriends do, isn't it? Let him concentrate on his work. I'll concentrate on the relationship. It won't be easy, I know, but neither is quantum physics or... the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle or... paper mache, but I've managed to do fine with those, haven't I? She looks at her parents. They sit at a table playing bridge with MR. and MRS. HANCOCK. Top of the evening. Mr. Hancock checks out Mary's bare legs as she stands in a puddle of bath water. Mrs. Hancock lifts her husband's chin, snaps him out of it. Exactly! And all I have to do is go to him, be near him, and do my best to radiate... me. Mr. Horowitz doesn't like the sound of this. Wherever news happens, Dad. Wherever news happens. Abe, Catherine, I'm off. I don't know where I'm going - The Greyhound Bus DRIVER hollers from behind her. Geographically yes, I know. Figuratively, philosophically, spiritually, much less so. My entire life is before me. The world is my ostrea edulis... That means the edible kind of oyster. Mom, two handles, two handles, they both hold stuff, what's the difference? Mrs. Horowitz goes to explain, gives up. Disrespect. Do you mean unmannerly, tactless, vulgar? Because he's a straight man, Dad, and some things can't be helped. But if you mean inconsiderate to me, contemptuous toward me, insulting, irreverent, uncivil - I don't know when I'll be back but I do know this- The door shuts in her face. (to herself) I'm not coming back alone. Omaha... Einstein... cholera... grenade... Bach... oui... potbelly... Oreo. The man drops the crossword, glares at her. Sorry. She looks away, starts biting her nails, then spots a sign on the freeway, calls-out to the Driver and anybody else who will listen. Bessemer, Alabama! Named after Sir Henry Bessemer, a Brit. Guess what he did? Perfected the way steel is made, of course. You know what else is in Bessemer? The city, I mean? Hitler's typewriter. It's crazy, I know. That guy was such an asshole. Can you watch my stuff? He glares at her -- you have got to be kidding. Mary grabs her backpack and Kroger bag and steps off the bus. Homing pigeons. A few of the Diners overhear. Carrier pigeons, despite their name, are more or less useless when it comes to actually carrying anything. Homing pigeons are better for messenger work... The Diners lose interest. Mary catches the eye of a WANDERER at the end of the counter. He's hanging on her every word. You know who used them all the time? Genghis Khan. Loved the pigeons, scared to death of pooches though. The Wanderer just stares at her. You know, dogs, canines, de honden? Still nothing. She looks back at the TV. My boyfriend is probably holding that camera right now. The Diners ignore her and just eat their pie. Mary realizes the time, runs out of the rest stop. Crap! Crap, crap, crap! She looks down the road -- no sign of the bus anywhere. She takes her paper bag out of her pocket, breathes into it. A TRUCK DRIVER passes her with coffee in hand, on his way to his rig. Do you know when the next bus to Dallas goes through here? I missed mine. She breathes double time into the paper bag. He takes pity on her. You ever killed animals? He looks at her, surprised but amused. Set a garbage can full of kittens on fire or anything like that? Now he's disturbed. Humans? Touche, sir. Touche. Mary thinks some more. Do you have a .light? Matches, Zippo, blow torch, et al? May I see your license? Why not. He pulls his license out of the visor, flashes it. Mary steps up and grabs it, looks at it closely. Norman James Durwood. Mary Magdalene Horowitz. Norm, if you're going to rape and murder me, you'll have to cut me up into a million chunks and scatter this appendage - She holds her arm up, shows him. Will lead homicide detectives right to you. She smiles at him warmly, puts the marker back in her bag. And you already told me you don't have a light to burn the flesh off. Norm can't believe this. Before he can say a word, Mary moves around to the passenger side, hops up into the truck. She notices some snacks on the dash. Moon Pies! Want to go halfsies? At a loss, Norm motions for Mary to help herself. As she unwraps a Pie, he reluctantly starts up the truck. And my other rule about crossword puzzles is this. No pencils. Doing a crossword with a pencil is like screaming with your lips duct taped together. It's weak. Oh. She thinks about it, whispers. Do you mean quiet as in softly hushed like this? Or do you mean quiet, as in silent? He nods. Mary squeezes her lips together, holds them. It lasts for about a second. Norm? Thanks for not raping me. Eight letter word for "screwed". Mary crosses to the Medieval Times parking lot, steps over the police line blowing in the wind. F-A-S-T-E-N-E-D. Fastened. All roads lead to Oklahoma, Papa. My road, dad. My road. You don't commit to a relationship and then give up because you'd rather be at home curled up in front of the fireplace with a thesaurus. This is what people are supposed to do - go out on a limb for love. My limb just happens to be in Oklahoma. It's only 850 miles away from home. No big deal. Steve! She jumps into his arms but he's only got one arm free and isn't about to use it to catch her. She slides down his leg to the ground but quickly picks herself up. I'm here! Surprised? Astounded, flabbergasted, bushwacked - He pulls Mary off to the side, away from everybody. Talking to you. And noticing how the Oklahoma climate agrees with your complexion. Of course not... I went to Dallas looking for you first. And you know why? Steve grabs his head. This is not happening. Because you're inimitable and I'm intransigent. It means you're awesome and I'm unstoppable. Mind blowing. At a complete loss, he just goes along. I know. I'm just here to support you, show you I care, and also ask why you aren't following that guy pretending to be a nurse but obviously not wearing sterilizable, non-slip footwear. Steve looks toward the hospital, spots the Man. If I was Baby Peggy's dad, that's how I'd avoid the press too. Steve takes off running. Mary yells out to him. I'll be right here in case you want to make out later on! Steve looks back, a bunch of people stare. Mary waves to him then watches until he's out of sight. A SECURITY GUARD approaches her. I like your boots. Thanks. I found them in an alley. Elizabeth looks at the boots again, impressed. She stands up. Are you pro-leg or anti-leg? Neither really. This is the pro-leg group over here. We're supporting Baby Peggy's dad in his fight to save the baby's third leg. She points to the end of the fenced off area where only a few Those are the anti-leggers. They're all for the amputation. I'm just here because my boyfriend is working the story. He's with CNN, the world's news leader, the most trusted name in news, the place where more - The pro-leggers have better snacks. I'm definitely pro-leg. Thanks, Bruno. He walks away. Mary takes a sip of the hot chocolate, burns her mouth. Crap. She grabs her tongue with her fingers. Hartman appears right in front of her. Mary. Thank y- He puts an arm around her, pulls her away from the crowd. No? Of course. I don't want to interfere in his work but I just need to be here for him and - He grabs her, hugs her in so her words are all muffled - and yet she keeps talking. Pro-leg. She shows him her button featuring a cartoon of a very happy three legged baby. Hartman laughs. She'd just be like the tree frogs. Hartman turns around. What? A trematode parasite causes polymely (that means extra limbs) in tree frogs. It happens all the time. In some ponds there's like a quarter of the tree frogs with extra legs. Totally natural. Hartman looks at her like she's a nutcase. There you go, George. Just a little nasolacrimal duct cleaning. Nothing to be ashamed of. Elizabeth runs up to Mary, hugs her. You see? When you sing loud enough and when your signs are big enough, people listen! Mary spots some of the news vans pulling away. Steve! Go, go on. I'll watch your stuff. Mary drops her bags, runs toward the media camp. Steve! STEVE! Steve? Are you okay? Is he okay? Angus leans over to her window. Oh no. Thank you. What if it's a viral zoonotic disease? He should see a doctor. But wait, what if - up. Hartman grabs her face, squishes her lips to shut her Will you take care of him? Elizabeth! I have to meet Steve at his next job, in New Mexico. He's sick, not as in rad, although he is that too, but more like unwell, infirm, perhaps barfy. Hopefully nothing serious but you never can be too sure and besides, healthy or not, he needs me. Sign my book before you go? Elizabeth hands her the ratty hand decorated book and a pen. The trip's not too long, right through all kinds of interesting sites like, for example, El Santuario de Chimayo: The Lourdes of America. Know what that is? A sacred sand pit near a burrito stand. What could be better than that? Mary looks away from Elizabeth, fidgets a bit. Want to go? Unless you're busy, I mean. You probably have something better to do. Elizabeth thinks about it. Not really. Mary is stunned. She takes a minute to realize it's real, gets excited. From behind her: Mary, have you met Howard? Mary shakes her head. Howard offers his hand. It's got dried chocolate milk all over it. She takes it. Mary, Howard. Howard, Mary. Mary, Howard's got a car, you know. He can drive us. Mary looks at him, thinks about it. What kind of car do you have? What year? Replace the recalled seat belts? Let's grab souvenirs! Elizabeth and Howard each pick up a Baby Peggy sign off the ground. Mary grabs as many as she can hold -- way, way too many. A bunch of them slide off but she perseveres. Thanks. Mary puts the apple in her Kroger bag. Howard, if you get sleepy and want to trade off driving for a while, just wake me up and I'll take over. Persimmon. AKA, the mabolo, the date-plum, the velvet apple. Genus: Diospyros. Be has a point. Yay! I love Cloris Leachman. I have to go find Steve. How do I look? Unwashed hair, bed head, and there's a chunk of a Twinkie caked onto Mary's ear. Elizabeth picks the Twinkie off, smooths down Mary's hair. Perfect. I'll be back. Save me a sign! And if Cloris comes out, tell her I loved her in "My Little Pony: The Movie". Mary runs off as Howard and Elizabeth join the crowd of fans. Slept on it in the car. Where's Steve? Is he okay? Hello... Bonjour... Hola... Jolly afternoon... She gets to Angus. He kisses her hand. Poker? Technically I'm familiar but I've never actually played. With people, I mean. "There are few things that are so unpardonably neglected in our country as poker." Guess who said that one. She looks around the table. The guys, except Angus, are starting to lose their patience. Mark Twain. And you know what else- Sorry. Mary looks at her cards, thinks about it for way too long, then grabs a handful of coins from her Kroger bag, slaps them on the table. Send it, ladies! Steve steps into the tent, spots Mary, turns to run back out. Thank God you're okay! I'm not. It's more like picking travel destinations based on where you happen to be working. Hartman told me you wanted me here. Now that I am, what better opportunity for us to get to know each other better. Hartman said you'd say that. And he said you'd say that too. It's just your fear talking. Steve just about loses it. You know how sometimes you see a pinguid (that means fat and greasy) guy with an attractive girl and you think how the heck did he pull that off? People won't think that when they look at us. We're perfectly matched. She can hardly contain her excitement. Stop it, you guys! Stop! "Victory attained by violence is tantamount to a defeat, for it is momentary." You know who said that? Gandhi. And me. Just now. The fight continues. Mary half covers her eyes. No! This isn't about money! It's about courage, love, honor and all things virtuous and pure. Steve, kick him in the leberknoedel! Hartman looks up at her, hurt. The distraction costs him. Steve knees him then follows with a jab to his face. He fought for me. Happiest moment of her life. Eyewitness testimony, fingerprints on every inch of the body, the murder weapon still warm in her Chanel handbag - And finally at the end of the line, Hartman - his hair a mess, his lip cut, his mood sour. A few feet away filming, Steve's nose bleeds down his chin and shirt. Please! Somebody help him! Apply a vasoconstrictor, a nasal tampon, anything! At the absolute least, direct pressure and a clean tissue! Steve puts the camera back in place. Hartman recovers fast. What? I didn't - Wait! Steve! Hartman spots her. No, wait! Attendee! She runs to the end of the fence, jumps it, runs after them. But I do! If you're in trouble because of me I can fix it, I can explain to your boss. He or she probably just doesn't understand our relationship. Sure we do, it's just in the pupa stage right now. Six letter word for "over my lifeless, rigormortic and maggot infested, i.e. dead, body am I giving up now"... D-O-G-G- motherfucking-E-D. Dogged. She gets out her Chapstick, liberally applies it, dabs a bit on her temples as well. Normally I don't condone swearing. I think it's something people do when they don't have the vocabulary to express themselves properly, but even I, with my plenitudinous vocab, must admit -- every once in a while, it's okay to get a bit peppery - I got him in trouble, Dad. I have to go find him and make it right. There's three places they could be headed. She pulls a note pad out of her pocket, looks it over. For each story, I've worked out an equation of potential human casualties, estimated property damage, availability of endlessly repeatable images, with bonus points for anything involving reporters in galoshes. There's no doubt in my mind. They're heading to the storm in Galveston. Ridiculous? Mom! How many times did you propose to dad? I rest my case! If you gave up the first time dad said no then I wouldn't exist. Telling me to give up so soon on my potential husband- to-be, birth father of my twelve future children and adoptive father of my gerbil Carol -- you might as well be saying that you wish you had given up too and that you never married dad and that I'd never been born. Is that what you're saying? Sure you don't want to come along? I wish, but I only left enough cat food out for two days. I'll miss you guys! Elizabeth hugs them both, jumps on the bus. Howard and Mary watch as she struggles to her seat with all the signs. How bad could it be? And when I met Steve, I knew right away we had a lot in common. We're both in the media, we both love crosswords, we both love words. We both felt this unexplainable connection, no matter how much his instinct might be to fight it. That's okay. We just have to get to know each other better, that's all. She uses the wipe on her face, gets a bit on her lip and the taste is awful. She rolls down the window, closes her eyes and gently sticks her face out to rinse with rain water. The car hits a flooded patch of the road. A wave of mud washes up and smacks Mary right in the face. Crap. She starts the handy wipe bath all over again. A nervous Howard speaks up. If there's one thing I learned from crossword puzzles it's that you can't give up. I have to give it one more try. I have to fix the mess I made with his work, then maybe he and I -- For the first time, she doesn't seem so sure. Howard notices. Me too. Oh my God. Howard backs under an overpass, points to a protected area up the cement embankment. Crap! I spy with my little eye a chemical element from group two of the periodic table. Cobalt. Mary points to a steel belted tire on the ground, lays back and shuts her eyes. Howard takes something out of his - it's a pocket, puts it in her hand. Mary looks at it shrivelled, sculpted apple head. She smiles, hardly able to keep her eyes open. Mother Teresa. But you're out now. He's a bit surprised she was listening. Maybe there is. They're fuscous, that means - You know what I'd call this? Imbroglio, Howard. That means we're screwed. "Eunice, Louisiana. Please..." She stops reading, looks a bit uneasy. Howard steps forward, grabs the note. See? He needs me, if only to help with his spelling. Please let those kids be okay. George, Lydia! What's going on? Lydia hugs her. Eight letter word for... my life has come to this. There's a bit of shuffling around in the dark. Not destiny, that's only seven letters. Not fortuity - that sounds more like when good things happen to people like finding a quarter in the sofa or something. I mean the not so great stuff that's bound to befall some people more than others. Fate's nasty cousin, I mean. Suddenly Mary's face lights up with her mini keychain flashlight. F-O-R-E-D-0-0-M. Foredoom. Crap. I am not afraid. I am not fearful, pusillanimous, nor am I affrighted. Suddenly in the light - a face. Mary screams her head off. The face doesn't budge - it's a LITTLE DEAF GIRL. Oh my God, they forgot one! You scared the crap out of me. The girl just stares at her. I'm sorry, can you hear me, I mean at all? Do you have sensorineural hearing loss or conductive? "Deaf people can do anything except hear." You know who said that? Doctor Jordan, first deaf President of Gallaudet U. Maybe you'll go there one day. That is, unless we perish down here. Mary smiles. The Little Deaf Girl just stares back. And then there's black lung disease, also a problem in coal mines. Chronic cough, breathlessness, cyanosis - that's where your skin turns purple -- There's a CLINK behind Mary. She turns her light onto the area, sees the flashlight and note hanging from the thin rope. Mary grabs the flashlight, turns it on, reads the note. Howard! She hugs him. Rhinolith, that's the real word. Rhino is nose, lithos means stone. Nose stone. You know what that is? Snot. And Archimedes, there's another one. He was into math, philosophy, all kinds of stuff, then one day he was working out an equation in the sand and somebody stabbed him. Crappy, I know. Happenstance, I love that word too. And you know what else - Mary coughs. Before she has a chance to catch her breath, a rope with a small bag attached quickly drops next to her, the bag hitting the floor. Mary unties the bag and looks inside to find water and sandwiches. No dessert. Crappy. Did you know that the word dessert comes from an old French word that means "clear the table"? Sometimes I feel like dinner is just doing time so I can get to the point, and of course the point always involves sugar. Who needs - The Little Deaf Girl covers her ears, vocalizes as much as she's able. I know. She sits down. I know. She notices the Little Girl's shoes are soaked. Mary moves next to her, takes off her rubber boots and puts them on the Little Girl. Mary puts an arm around her, holds her close at - softly, her side, then speaks like she's a different person to herself, the Little Girl unable to read her lips. I'm not good at... silence. "Mary doesn't do quiet", that's how my grandmother always said it. "What's that hush?" she'd holler at a party. "It's Mary about to talk", then she'd laugh and laugh and laugh. Everybody would... But I knew something they didn't - that if you keep talking, if you keep on talking, you don't hear people telling you that you're different. You don't hear people saying they don't like you. And if you're talking, you just might not hear it when some kid... calls you a freak. Mary's eyes start to well. I just wanted to be normal, that's all. Steve said I was. She thinks about it, laughs a bit. I'm beginning to think newsmen can't entirely be trusted. She buttons up the Little Girl's sweater. The truth is normal is -- not me. She seems surprised she said it out loud. There's relief in it. My friends, the people I've met over the past week, they're not normal either. They're more interesting, more original, more real, more rare. She suddenly gets it, brightens up. That's where I fit. - and for She thinks about it, in silence. The sadness fades the first time, she's comfortably quiet. She smiles at the Little Deaf Girl. The Little Deaf Girl smiles back. And they sit -- Mary totally calm. Mary hears something in the distance - a gentle PLINK PLINK PLINK she couldn't have heard while talking. She picks up the flashlight, moves toward the noise. In a corner of the mine, a water drip hits on some old rusted mining tools, including two rusty vice grips. The Little Girl coughs. Mary looks back at her, concerned. Little Deaf Girl, it's time for us to go home. What's taking so long? After I got kicked out of Girl Scouts, while the other girls were learning how to sell cookies, I was at home reading the biography of Sir Edmund Hillary. Mary motions for the Little Deaf Girl to jump on piggyback. She jumps up onto Mary's back, still in the red rubber boots. Mary starts jugging up the rope, the vice grips and rope pieces acting like ladder steps. They start rising up slowly. Not an easy task. Mary struggles every step. I am. Cameras go off all around them. In solving the puzzle of life there's one thing you must do. She points to the side of the road. The bus pulls over. Find somebody just as normal as you. Mary stands up, gets off the bus. if not a whole bunch. Howard, Elizabeth, George, Lydia, Carlos, Clyde, a few old Ladies, a bunch of other Protestors file off the bus. Mary keeps talking to the bus driver. And don't be a slave to your loins. Trust me on that one. Mary taps the side of her head. You need to let this be the boss of you. Cornprende ? He's my favorite behavioral geneticist in the world. They continue on through an open yard. Good one. My grandma left it to me. My parents won't stay here. And for me it was always too... quiet. She looks at her new friends. Not anymore. They head toward the house. 