How'd you know? I know you want to fight global warming, Darren, but that's not the way to do it. Steve leans back to show his face. Oh hi, Steve. I thought you were, Darren. Help yourself. She sets her PURSE down on the counter. How's your mother? Glasses are up there. Hello? .it takes her a second to realize something's up. Not listening to her call, she watches Steve grab the two glasses and hurry out, leaving the soda bottle on the counter and guilt in the air. As she looks over at her purse... And that's why we need a dog. She waits for an answer. Mom and Dad exchange a look. How do you guys decide who's going to say no when you look at each other. (emphatic; no hesitation) No. Because I said so, Darren. The answer is no. And I'm not sure I want you hanging around with Steve anymore. People change and I don't like the way Steve's changing. Is he in a lot of trouble? I don't see what the big deal is... Get this. She said she couldn't comment because she didn't make it home last night herself. Where was she? Go tell Darren it's breakfast. Mom said to come eat. What's that? As Annie tries to look, Darren stays in front of her. In her cage, on the desk. Darren and Steve looking her over. Can I come in? Darren goes to the door. Opens it a few inches. What? I knocked. As they talk, Steve opens the cage door. Madam Octa sets her arms on the edge, pulls herself out. Darren, he's freezing. What have you done to him?! STEVE'S MOM approaches, her eyes on Darren. Disheveled, cheap looking, she hasn't quite started her hangover yet. She lunges past Darren's dad, grabs Darren by the shoulder. Did you hurt Stevie?! Did you?! Darren... Wake up, honey. Darren wakes with a start as she gives him a little shake. As he looks about, wonders what reality he's in. I just got off the phone. Great news. Steve's going to be okay. The hospital says it's a miracle. Was it a dream? Darren looks down at his hands. On the tip of each finger and two thumbs are small round WHITE SCARS. Darren instinctively hugs his mom. She thinks he's overjoyed, can't see his look of terror. She hugs him back. Yeah, it's great news. I know how you feel. Boo! Darren nearly jumps out of his skin. Annie laughs. Got you! I finally got you! - Darren turns on her, looks like he could kill her. Darren! Wait up! He looks over his shoulder, keep going. Can I walk home with you? He softens, slows down. After a few silent steps. He's adorable. Hey. That's King. That's King, Darren. It is. Darren realizes it is King. As Darren realizes something's wrong with Darren.. Another growl. From down the street. Darren looks back as a black 1966 LINCOLN prowls through the intersection. The one seen at school. It slows, windows blacked out. As it continues, disappears from view... How was school today? Ouch! She drops the knife on the cutting board. A thick drop of BLOOD runs down her finger. Darren flinches at the sight and in that moment we PUNCH INTO his eyes. The PUPILS swirl red; the IRISES flatten and narrow. A dark, ravenous look. It's okay, honey. I just need a band-aid. Darren looks at his mom's neck. His eyes zero in on a little blue VEIN PULSING away. She leaves the room to get a band- aid. As Darren's horror sinks in... We love you, too. Don't we, Tommy? Darren! Oh my God! We're still on Darren's face, his eye open a slit. He's still cute. I always had a crush on him. The Goalie from school soccer is next. He holds a little SOCCER BALL in his hand. Tucks it into the coffin. Yes? Only nobody's there. She shrugs it off, closes the back door. But hesitates at the driver's side door. Then she starts walking away, toward a back area of loading docks. About the same age as Darren and Evra, they're here for the show. Debbie is self-assured. Sam is sarcastic to cover his insecurities. Right now it's hard to find a seat. And here are Darren and Evra. Evra looking cool in his green sharkskin, Darren still wearing his burial suit. Are there any left? You guys are with the Cirque? Darren nods. Sam's a little sarcastic and skeptical. Cool... I'm Debbie, this is Sam. Is the show great? Say yes. We had to sneak out to see it. As she realizes it's Darren. Cool. Debbie and Sam ducking inside the factory. You should see the look on your faces. But Evra and Darren are not laughing. We could ask you the same thing. We come here all the time. My grandfather used to work here. He says now it's like one of those bombed out World War II cathedrals. Empty of what is used to be. An odd little moment till Sam breaks it. Different how? Evra steps into a slash of sunlight and his skin flashes to life, the green of his scales catching the rays. Debbie's mouth drops. They couldn't see it in the dark last night. I think your skin is beautiful. That wins Evra over. Can I touch it? Evra holds out his arm. Debbie traces a finger across it. Wow. Has it always been this way? You shouldn't call him names because he looks different. What about you, Darren? How are you different? You mean, how did a girl get up there? How about you? But it'd be easier for you than me. Because chickens have wings. She starts chicken CLUCKING. Mad, Darren steps onto a rafter, starts across. He stops in the middle, spins around. Aided immeasurably by his half-vampire skills. The vertigo angle as Debbie walks back out on her rafter. Stops about 4-feet across from Darren. Let's play mirrors. I do something and you have to copy me. Like this. Debbie crosses her arms the same way Darren has. He uncrosses them as he realizes. Debbie reaches down, touches her toes. Darren sighs, then does the same, gets a good look at the floor below. Debbie takes one foot off the rafter, takes hold of the top of it with one hand, raising the other arm out for balance. Looks like a ballerina. Evra doesn't like this daredevil stuff. There definitely something different about you. I just can't figure it out. He's my cousin. Hold on. Debbie grabs his arm. Evra starts out to help, but the rafter CREAKS OMINOUSLY. He stops. Sam states the obvious. I don't know how you hung on. I couldn't have. Maybe you need to eat something. Darren looks at her. She has no idea. Of course. Evra's doing his snake act tonight. And you... Darren smiles shyly at that. I know that. So? You're such an idiot, Sam. By my own free will, Darren Shan. As Crepsley's fingernail hovers, ready to open a vein. Darren shakes his head. 'No'. Hey, Darren. Darren looks up to see Debbie and Sam. Oh no... We're gonna sit on this side. He was great! As she looks back to the stage someone sits on Darren's other side. Collar pulled up, head wrapped in a scarf. Murlough! Ours too. Sam's not so sure, but he nods in agreement. On the catwalks Murlough draws his knives. Crepsley jumps to the space he wants to defend, draws his own. Murlough counters. Two very serious predators'-at work. The animal kingdom at its killing best. A charge. Murlough a bull, Crepsley a matador. He redirects one of Murlough's arcing arms, smashing it against a metal housing. One of the vampaneze's knives clatters away. It's not graphic or bloody, but several times Crepsley's knife finds its way into Murlough's body. It enrages him, but Crepsley continues dealing out punishment. He's now like a brilliant counter-puncher, even as he inadvertently backs his way into a corner. But as quarters close in, Murlough's rage works to his advantage. He charges into Crepsley, his lowered shoulder sending Crepsley through the air and into... And through a BRICK WALL. Into the thin air outside! Still raging, Murlough nearly falls through himself. Instead, he slips, drops about twenty feet down inside the building! Let's carry him if we have to. Evra and Sam support him on either side. They continue, start across part of a darkened backstage area. A dark rectangular shape looms ahead. We hear a GUTTURAL GROWL, sees eyes glow in the gloom. They freeze. Reacts in horror. Sam? Darren shakes his head. Sam didn't make it. Say what happened. Some crazy guy showed up. Sam was in the wrong place at the wrong time. They're all quiet a moment. For the only time in his life. Do you think we'll meet again? I hope so... 