Do you have your Hilton Honors Card with you? Oh my God... Do you like, live, at the Hilton? Hey neighbor. (hands over a package) I signed for this while you were gone. They seem happy. Lots of luck. It's good to see you. Feels like a while this time. Actually, I kind of started seeing somebody. Yeah, we're having drinks tonight if you want to come over. If there's one word I want to leave you with today, it's this... Glocal. Our global must become local. This company keeps twenty three people on the road, at least two hundred fifty days a year. It's expensive and it's inefficient. When I came to Craig three months ago with this, he told me, and quite astutely - it's only a problem if you have a solution. 26. Well, today I stand before you with jus that. You all know Ned in reception. Today, I'm going to fire Ned. Sorry, Ned. I'm sure H.R. will hire you back this afternoon. Ned could be any employee in any one of our client's locations worldwide. Strategy packets would be shipped in advance. Ned would be given a seat and find one of our transition specialists waiting for him. Mr. Laskin, the reason we're having this conversation today is your position is no longer available. Hearing the words "You've been let go" is never easy. Change is always scary. But consider the following - (using Ryan's line) Anybody who ever built an empire, or changed the world, sat where you are now. And it's because they sat there that they were able to do it. This is the first step of a process that will end with you in a new job that fulfills you. I want you to take that packet in front of you. Review it. All the answers you're looking for are inside. Start filling out the necessary information and before you know it, you'll be on your way to new opportunities. Now Ned, I'm going to need you to go back to your desk and start putting together your things. As a favor to me, I'd appreciate it if you didn't spread the news just yet. Panic doesn't help anybody. Have a good day, Mr. Laskin and good luck with your future. Give it up for Ned. You can start the morning in Boston, stop in Dallas over lunch and finish the day in San Francisco. All for the price of a T1 line. Our inflated travel budget is eviscerated by eighty-five percent... And most importantly to you guys on the road... No more Christmases in a hotel in Tulsa... No more hours lost to weather delays... You get to come home. You wanted to see me? Thank you. How's everyone taking it? Actually, I minored in psychology. It's okay, I got this. Mr. Bingham, I regret to inform you that your position is no longer available. My name is Miss Keener and I'm here today to discuss your future. Mr. Gregory hired me to handle this for him. Mr. Bingham... Ryan... I just did. Mr. Bingham, I'm here today to inform you that your position is no longer available. Yes, you're fired. You've been let go. (breaks the moment) This is a mythical situation. How could I possibly know why? (back on track) It's important not to focus on the "why" and rather to spend your energy thinking about your future. Mr. Bingham, the reason is not important. (still in character) Don't take this personally, Mr. Bingham. What? I really like my luggage. I don't know, maybe five minutes waiting for... You can't be serious. That's racist. No. Why? I type with purpose. I'm building a work flow of firing techniques. Questions & responses. Actions & reactions. A script that works kind of like a tributary, taking you through the steps of firing someone. Theoretically, you could put it in the hands of anybody and they could be downsizing immediately. All they have to do is follow the steps. We prepare the newly unemployed for the emotional and physical hurdles of job hunting while... Minimizing potential legal blowback? Okay, what are we doing? That was really impressive. You rehearse that? You ever find it strange that termination comes with a packet. Perhaps you're underestimating the positive effect your career transition may have on your children. Well, tests have shown that children under moderate trauma have a tendency to apply themselves academically as a method of coping. I've been waiting ten minutes. He just waltzes in and gets to cut in line. Fuck off. Yeah. Fine. Hungry, much? Okay, you got to fill me in on this mile business. What's that all about? Are you talking like frequent flier miles? I'm dying to know. So, what are you saving up for? Hawaii? South of France? That's it? You're saving to save? Wow. Seems a little abstract. What's your target? It's a secret target? Huh. Isn't ten million just a number? I guess we all need a hobby. Oh hey, I didn't mean to belittle your collection. I get it. Sounds cool. Do they give you a parade or something? Men get such a hard-on from putting their name on stuff... You guys don't grow up - You just need to pee on everything. Fear of mortality. It's like Yes, you're going to die one day. Probably cause you can't have babies. If I had that many miles, I'd just show up at the airport, look up at one of those big destination boards, pick a place and go. Left, left, left, left... one more inch... and stop. I don't get it. No, I mean... why would your sister want a fake photo in front of the St. Louis Airport? Wow. Pretty sweet. Well, I'm sure she's going to be crushed for having missed this airport. No. 51. Please, for the love of God, can I fire the next one? I'm here to be fired, right? We're here to talk about your future. You don't have to sugar coat it. I get the drill. What are they offering? Inside the packet you'll find a clearly worked out severance package. Give me the bullet points. Three months pay. Six months medical. A full year of placement services through our company, CTC. Placement services? How generous. Commonly, it takes one month of searching for every ten thousand dollars you expect to earn in salary. So I could be looking for a while. Not necessarily... Oh, don't sweat it. I'm pretty confident about my plans. Oh yeah? Yeah. Can you tell me? Is high tide in the morning or the evening? I don't know. Why? There's this beautiful bridge by my apartment. I need to figure out what time to jump off it. They do? She was so calm. So they don't actually ever do it? How do you know? Do you follow up? I'll be back soon. Not really sure how long this whole exercise is supposed to last. He's fine... It's hard for these guys to accept change, you know. (listens, rolls eyes) I... I'm not even going to answer that... No, I can't even think of him that way... He's old. Never...? You never want to get married? Never want kids? Yes. Yes it is. What? I... Uh... How how about love? Okay. Stability? Someone to talk to, spend your life with? How about just not dying alone? Brian left me. No, it's fine. I'm fine. Just stupid emotions. Now we're talking. Yeah, but what does that make me? Someone who falls for a prick? I followed him to Omaha. I had a job waiting for me in San Fran, when he got an offer from ConAgra. He told me we could start a life together. So I followed him. I look in the mirror and I just see compromise... I'm supposed to do something. I just can't... I thought I'd be engaged by now. No offense. When I was sixteen, I thought by twenty three, I would be married, maybe have a kid... Corner office by day, entertaining at night. I was supposed to be driving a Grand Cherokee by now. Now I have my sights on twenty nine, because thirty is just way too... apocalyptic. I mean, where did you think you'd be by... I don't want to say anything that's... anti-feminist. I mean, I really appreciate everything your generation did for me. But sometimes it feels like no matter how much success I have, it all won't matter until I find the right guy. Yeah, I guess. I don't know. I could have made it work. He just really fit the bill. My type. You know, white collar. College grad. Loves dogs. Likes funny movies. Six foot one. Brown hair. Kind eyes. Works in finance but is Outdoorsy, you know, on the weekends. (we think she's done) I always imagined he'd have a single syllable name like Matt or John or... Dave. In a perfect world, he drives a Four Runner and the only thing he loves more than me is his golden lab. Oh... and a nice smile. (back to Alex and Ryan) How about you? I meant Alex... Wow. That was depressing. I should just date lesbians. I don't mind being married to my career, and I don't expect it to hold me in bed as I fall asleep. I just don't want to settle. It is. By definition. So, what's the plan for this evening? What...? Oh, is it illicit? We are in Miami. I didn't know you could just attend those... You're going to crash it? No, I get it. I'm in! Oh shit! Oh yeah... This was a great idea. You are so pretty. You're exactly what I want to look like in fifteen years. Last night got a little out of hand. I said things... I don't remember everything I said. I just didn't want you to think... What? I... just left. I didn't know what was right. (finally, a break through) Yes. You're an asshole. Don't you think it's worth giving her a chance? A chance at something real? Would you stop condescending for one second? Or is that one of the principles of your bullshit philosophy? The isolation? The traveling? Is that supposed to be charming? It's a cocoon of self-banishment. Screw you. You've set up a way of life that basically makes it impossible for you to make any human connections. Now, somehow, this woman runs the gauntlet of your ridiculous "life choice" and comes out the other end with a smile - Just so you can call her casual. Jesus. I need to grow up? You're a twelve year old. I'm... I'm game. Got it. Hello, Mr. Samuels. My name is Natalie Keener. I wish I was here with better news, however your position here at Deckers is no longer available. You've been let go. My name is Miss Keener. I am here to tell you about your options... It's perfectly normal to be upset. However, the sooner you can tell yourself that there are greater opportunities waiting for you... Anybody who ever built an empire, or changed the world, sat where you are now. And it's because they sat there that they were able to do it. There's a packet in front of you. I want you to take some time and review it. All the answers you're looking for are inside those pages. 77. The sooner you trust the process, the sooner your next step in life will unveil itself. I need you to return to your office now and begin to put together your personal things. Thank you for your time, Mr. Samuels. Mr. Samuels? There's nothing else we can discuss now. Thank you for your time. Mr. Samuels... Mr. Samuels.... MR. No, I'm alright. Thanks. For good? I'm sorry about what I said about Alex. I was out of line. I mean, who am I to be dolling out relationship advice? You going to be okay? In Omaha? It's better than you'd think. Ryan, where are you going? Oh my God, Ryan! You must be Alex. You are so beautiful. Kara was right. Did you get the basket? Tammy wrapped all of them. Ryan, you look so grown up. I know, right? You haven't even seen my ring. Jim designed it. Oh great! They go over there. I know, isn't it great how everyone chipped in? Well, Jim has a lot of our nest egg invested in this real estate venture right now. So when we went over our finances, a honeymoon just didn't seem affordable this second... So I thought... Hey, just because we can't travel doesn't mean we can't have pictures. Thanks. Can you believe it's tomorrow?! How are you going to sleep? I don't know! You want some Xanax? No, I'm good. I'll have some warm milk. That should do the trick. Yeah, I know... Isn't he great? Oh, yeah, Jim's uncle is going to do it. Guests are arriving around 5ish. Things get going at 530. So you know, around then. It's easy. Just come down the elevator. ... Some guy sits down in a conference room somewhere and a server routes their session to one of our termination engineers. I prefer "terminators", but it bumped with legal. They follow a workflow that can take them through anything from a standard dismissal to a violent aggressor. No, they're beta-testing. Role-playing. We go live at the end of the month. (catches one of the guys making a mistake) Kyle, you're running through the events too quickly. You have to give them time to acknowledge each statement. Okay? It's a legal thing. How exactly do you mean? It's challenging work. (after a beat) ... I followed a boy. 