How come all those guys who're looking to get 50 from the Church haven't come up with shit? You got some kinda inside track? "The Strawberries"? But you could do it, baby. We could use the bread... Who? Sure it is. You're a virgin. Just like that nun. And I'm gonna rape you. First I'll put your Uptown in the spoon, then, to make it more exciting, I'm gonna add some Downtown. They call this thing a speedball, honey, but then you must know that... First time shooting up? Then c'mere. I got something for you. C'mere. You got some good blow, right? Who? Why? OK. OK. Fine. But -- do you believe in God? You believe that man is the be-all and end-all? That Jesus Christ was the Son of God and he came to die for your sins. I'm not talking about the fucking Church. Fuck the Church. But tell me. Do you believe in God? It's horrible. They burned her breasts with cigarettes. Christ. Susie's not a virgin anymore. I can't get over what those guys did to her. I just can't. Who said anything about the fucking street. I've got more connects than you have, Lieutenant... It's nothing. This is New York, man... Oh -- I forgot. Bowtay needs some cash to buy her new acting headshots out of the developers. It's a good investment, man. She could make serious money! I'm gonna need some bread, man. This ain't fair. I'm always here for you, and you can't even take decent care of me. My landlord is bitching like a motherfucker! You're two months behind on the rent, Lieutenant!He wants to know who brought in the chalice. Are you all right, honey? Yes. Yes.Those boys, those sad, raging boys... They came to me as the needy do. And like many of the needy, they were rude. Like all the needy, they took. And like all the needy, they needed. Father. I knew them; They learn in our school. And play in our schoolyard. And they are good boys. Yesterday morning, God gave me but one chance to use something else to serve Him. Not my arms or my legs, but something I used for the first time, for the last time, and will never use again. My vagina. As I have prayed day and night since the desecration of this church yesterday morning -- and my sin. You see, Father -- I also thought of that bread, Father. And of that night six days ago when the Mother Superior died, and I kept the cool, damp cloth on her forehead freshly moist. Father, what would you do if you had but one day in which to use your legs to serve God? Father, if it was so trivial, so natural, so -- No. I have sinned. And you must listen if you are to prescribe an appropriate act of contrition, and to absolve me. Father, what would you do if you had but one day in which to use your arms to serve God? Forgive me Father, for I have sinned. It has been two days since my last confession. Father, my sin is a terrible sin. A sin of omission. There was another sin that happened at the same time, and in the same place, but my sin I think was graver stil.