Two Black kids came up out of nowhere  and shot those chicks. Then they  laughed as they walked away. The  Press is gonna call it the "Giggling  Man Murders." I'll tell ya. What a  world. But hey -- we make the best of it,  man, don't we? Huh? How about them  Mets! I'm in. Here. Got something good for us? I'm gonna need some bread, man. This  ain't fair. I'm always here for you,  and you can't even take decent care  of me. My landlord is bitching like  a motherfucker! You're two months  behind on the rent, Lieutenant! It's nothing. This is New York, man... Oh -- I forgot. Bowtay needs some  cash to buy her new acting headshots  out of the developers. It's a good  investment, man. She could make  serious money! We've been rehearsing a new monologue.  From Shad's Saint Joan, you know?  Bowtay does it wonderfully well. There's nothing! Go out and get some Diet Cokes. I got you a present. Better shit  then you got, cop! Who said anything about the fucking  street. I've got more connects than  you have, Lieutenant... To Hell with this God stuff. How's  that Strawberry? He does what ever  you want him to, huh Lieutenant?  Even strike out! I bet you won a shitload on Oakland.  How much, huh? Oakland? Is that how you're going? All right... I'm in. After all, you're  the expert. Ain't that right, LT? Can I help you? Security? I can't get over what those guys did  to her. I just can't. Susie's not a virgin anymore. And the nun's not a virgin anymore,  either. Will they make her leave the  convent? It's horrible. They burned her breasts  with cigarettes. Christ. Do you believe in God? Do you believe  that Jesus Christ is the Son of God?. Do you believe in God? I'm not talking about the fucking  Church. Fuck the Church. But tell  me. Do you believe in God? That Jesus Christ was the Son of God  and he came to die for your sins. Your sins, Lieutenant! And look around you! Where do you  think all this shit came from? You believe that man is the be-all  and end-all? OK. OK. Fine. But -- do you believe  in God? Uh-uh... What? My Aunt. We were gonna give it back! We're on  our way home, now! Forgive me Father, for I have sinned.  It has been two days since my last  confession. Father, my sin is a  terrible sin. A sin of omission.  There was another sin that happened  at the same time, and in the same  place, but my sin I think was graver  stil. Father, if it was so trivial, so  natural, so -- No. I have sinned.  And you must listen if you are to  prescribe an appropriate act of  contrition, and to absolve me. Father,  what would you do if you had but one  day in which to use your arms to  serve God? I also thought of that bread, Father.  And of that night six days ago when  the Mother Superior died, and I kept  the cool, damp cloth on her forehead  freshly moist. Father, what would  you do if you had but one day in  which to use your legs to serve God? As I have prayed day and night since  the desecration of this church  yesterday morning -- and my sin. You  see, Father -- Yesterday morning, God gave me but  one chance to use something else to  serve Him. Not my arms or my legs,  but something I used for the first  time, for the last time, and will  never use again. My vagina. Those boys, those sad, raging boys...  They came to me as the needy do. And  like many of the needy, they were  rude. Like all the needy, they took.  And like all the needy, they needed. Father. I knew them; They learn in  our school. And play in our  schoolyard. And they are good boys. I could tell you their names now,  and I know you'd be bound by a sacred  vow to keep my secret. But I cannot  tell you their names. For I, too, am  bound. As I am bound now to confess  my sins. So listen, Father Listen. I am a nun. What did I give those  boys that they could not have found  elsewhere? Nothing. Nothing at all.  There were always two of us in the  act. The act was half my own. It  does not seem to me the act was half  the act of a once of Christ. It is the lost chance that will remain  on the ledger of my sins. Not the  loss of my virginity. The rape forced  upon me a choice. As a vessel of the  spirit. I could have imbued my vagina  with God. Or, I could have turned  away from God and voided my body of  spirit, so that all that was left  for those boys was a lump of flesh.  I chose the second path. The easier,  path. The path of the material world.  The path no nun has the right to  take. And so, I sinned. My vagina spread, but spread no word.  It opened, on nothingness. It gave  nothing at all and left nothing  behind. No trace of my act, yes my  act. For I was there, too, remains  in the landscape of God. Jesus turned water to wine. I ought  to have turned bitter semen to fertile  sperm -- hatred to love. And maybe  to have saved their souls. They did  not love me. I ought to have loved  them. As Jesus loved those who reviled  him. I ought to have surprised those  boys. Instead, they surprised me,  and got no surprise at all. No, they  did not rape a nun. But a nun has  been raped. And the nun must now  atone for her sin. For a God-given  part of her was wasted. A part which  other women use for procreation, for  conjugal fulfillment, for expressions  of love. I had but one chance. And I  did nothing but react in pain. When those boys placed their hands  upon my breasts, they had nothing  but an assortment of skin cells in  their grasp. They ought to have felt,  through me. The bosom of their  Redeemer. When they lay on top of me  and looked down into my eyes, they  saw fear. They should have met the  eyes of a lover, And felt the presence  of the Prince of Peace... My vagina. I shall never have again.  And never again shall I encounter  two boys whose prayer was more  legible, more poignant, more  anguished. Two young men who threw  themselves upon the altar and took  me with them. And I did nothing for  them. I can only hope that someone  will. Sure, baby Sure And you don't do  cocaine, either. Why? Who? C'mere. You got some good blow, right? Then c'mere. I got something for  you. First I'll put your Uptown in the  spoon, then, to make it more exciting,  I'm gonna add some Downtown. They  call this thing a speedball, honey,  but then you must know that... First time shooting up? Sure it is. You're a virgin. Just  like that nun. And I'm gonna rape  you. Who? But you could do it, baby. We could  use the bread... "The Strawberries"? How come all those guys who're looking  to get 50 from the Church haven't  come up with shit? You got some kinda  inside track? I have already forgiven them. I have forgiven them. I have prayed for days, Lieutenant.  I have prayed for the souls of the  boys who raped me. And I have prayed  for my own soul, too. I know what I  must do. And I know what I must not  do. But you -- you -- it is you who needs  to pray. Now, why do you want to  kill these boys? Why -- really? The good reasons are not always the  real reasons. Talk to Jesus,  Lieutenant. Pray. You do you believe in God -- don't  you? That Jesus Christ died for your  sins? I can't tell you. My husband will give me Hell, Mister. It's very hard. He's a -- you're not  a cop, are you? My husband is a fence. He got this  chalice from a couple of kids. Just  yesterday, I think. I stole it out  of his shop so as to return it to  where it ought to be. It's a holy  thing, you know. A holy thing. Yes. Yes. Are you all right, honey? He wants to know who brought in the  chalice. 