I just put them to bed. Can we come to the meeting tomorrow? Dear heart, where are you? Malcolm, they keep calling, threatening us. I'm going crazy, when is this going to stop? Stop calling us. Leave us alone. Leave us alone. I'll kill you. I'll kill you. Dear heart, I love you. Shhh! Get some sleep. Open your eyes, you can face death 24 hours a day; but the possibility of betrayal never enters your mind. If you won't do that for yourself do it for us. We need you too! Dear heart, you have to help me. I'm raising our kids practically by myself, while you're running all over the world. You don't know how many times the girls ask me when is daddy coming home? Will they? Are you sure? Are you sure or are you blind? What do we have, Malcolm. A broken- down jalopy and the clothes on our backs. We don't even own our own home. What about our children? What about me? You don't even own life insurance. A long time ago. You've repaid them many times over. Ask them why they have new cars and houses full of new furniture. Do you know what Bembry is doing? You're so blind, everyone can see this but you!!! No, what's the matter with you? Wake up! Are you so dedicated that you have blinded yourself? Are you so committed you cannot face the truth? Bembry is the editor of the newspaper you established. Ask him why your name hasn't been in "Muhammad Speaks" in over a year? Ask him why you rate front page in every paper in the country, but not a single sentence in your own. To Bembry? Is Bembry your friend? "Both women, in their 20's, charged they had had intimacies with Elijah Muhammad since 1957..." "Los Angeles, UPI: Elijah Muhammad, 67-year-old leader of the Black Muslim Movement, today faced paternity suits from two former secretaries who charged he fathered their four children..." We'll get to that, too, but this isn't just talk any more. The talk is everywhere! We've never had a fight. Not a real one. But we're going to have one right now if you don't talk about it. I'm not made of glass. Because you're in trouble. The simplest thing in the world: I want to have a lot of babies with you. Dear Heart, I love you. I never told you, but when I first saw you on the podium, cleaning your glasses, I felt sorry for you. Nobody as young as you should be that serious. But I don't think that anymore. You're with me even when you're away. Hush your mouth. Just hold me. Yes. Did you eat? Yes I did. Did you hear my answer? Yes. I know. Being a good Muslim, a good nurse and a good wife. And dogged when I set my mind to something. There's a few things you don't know about women, Brother Malcolm. They're possessive and vain. But Brother Bembry says I'm tall enough for a tall man. If it's just idle, I won't answer it. Why do you ask? You have enough worries of your own. I can handle it. Oh? Purely scientific interest I'm sure. There's nothing to talk about. How do you like it? What? You've been on your feet for days. And didn't even finish your salad. Could we sit down someplace? I see your point. Considering today's standards of animal raising and curing meats, I don't fully understand the restriction on pork. That you haven't time for either marriage or eating -- Shall I tell my sisters that we oppose marriage? If you want to tell me. She ate.Let him finish. Entirely. You put it very well. Mr. Malcolm X, why do you teach black supremacy? Why do you teach hate? Mr. X is a demagogue. He has no place to go, so he exaggerates. He's a disservice to every good law-abiding Negro in the country. Can I ask you a question?Not yet. But the way things going, that boy gonna turn her out any day. If she got eyes, she do. 'Bout every other night, Red. You know that gal? And like a fool I believe it. I thought you said we were going to the movies last night.Why? Is it because of your white gal? Folks say you're running around town with her. I do know I love you. Malcolm, you can be anything you want. You got class and you're smart. What for? I ain't white and I don't put out. I know where you're going. I ain't stupid. 'Lo. I've got to freshen up.If you don't move out through that door, you're going to be past all regretting. Did you hear me?! Get out. These are my children. Mine. And they ain't no question. None. Murder.You'll regret this, Mrs. Little. Your control over your children, therefore -- All of your children are delinquent, Mrs. Little, and one, at least, Malcolm is a thief. I think sometimes, Mrs. Little, candor is the only kindness. -- there is a serious question as to whether -- It's the same questions, Mrs. Little. Since the death of your husband --Good grades. Fine athlete. President of his class. He's bright. This is Malcolm, our new guest. We'll treat him like a brother. This is your room, Malcolm. I know you'll keep it clean.Yes, I am, Brother Minister. All I want is support for my children. He should provide for his children. That's all I want. Yes sir. Brother Minister he often talked about you. He loves you, loves you like his own son. Says you are the best, his greatest Minister but that someday you would leave him and turn against him.You had the number. Baby, I was gonna give it to you. Lemme feed you, sweetie, while they hot. Me? You evil this morning. You the man. Sweetie, they're almost ready. You like 'em scrambled soft or hard, sweetie? That's alright. Baby, take your time. Sophia's not going anywhere. I told you to walk, don't run. ...That isn't a whore?