 Why? I just want to know why?That's my first rule.  I alwaysask why.  Come on.  Tell me. C'mon, c'mon, c'mon --  Is there somebody else?  You don't love me, is that it?  How about ... you're toonarcissistic to commit toanother human being in a long-  term way.  Five minutes in the microwave. Any one of them, five minutesand done.  Ready to eat.  Doyou know how to make juice?  You take the microwave?  You turn it on, you open it andyou stand in front of it for avery long time.  Honey, he wasn't right for you.  I know.  He wasn't even wrong for you,like cosmically wrong, so don'tbeat up on yourself forwasting...however long it was.  I know.  Maybe you should see a shrink.  Go home for the weekend.  That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to go home.  I quit.  Laurie, I quit.  I'mgoing back to Baltimore.  How does a blonde do a high-  five?  Eventually, in a few months,you'll start seeing women,you'll meet someone.  I'm sorry --  I'm going to meet someone,someone nice and stable whowears a hat so he won't catch acold, and I'm going to marryhim and have three childrenand live happily ever after. I mean, I am not cut out for this  For what?  For life as we know it.  Just make sure he isn't fatlike my Michael or you'll spendyour whole life worrying he'sgoing to drop dead.  God, you guys are so romantic.  Do you know how long romancelasts?  That long.  Steven still brings me flowersevery Friday and we've beenmarried 10 years.  Honey, nobody wants to hearthat.  Here, darling, have some TicTacs.  The next time you see me I amgoing to be incredibly happy.  I guess it's just us.  -- who's married to --  -- because Irene threatened toput the dog to sleep if hedidn't --  -- who is the most competitivewoman in the world --  I hope he doesn't get out hisslides.  They're going to love you.  Everybody! Annie has an announcement --  Walter and I are engaged!  That's wonderful, Annie.  Ihope it lasts... for yearsand years.  Do you have a ring?  No.  Not yet.  Oh.  Well.  How will anyoneknow?  It's probably just the flowers --  We'll move them --  He's allergic to everything,don't worry about it --  If he eats one tiny piece of anut --  It's the same with Harold andbees.  Oh, honey, I feel terrible, weused up this magnum ofchampagne we were saving onsomething else, what did we useit for?  Right.  It was, wasn't it, Miltondarling --  When are you getting married,Annie?  What about Harold and bees?  We'll spray you.  Is that all right with you?  What are you wearing?  I don't know.  I wish you would wear my dress. I only wore it once, and you'llbarely have to do anything toit except take it in in thebust --  I have something that might do  The Historical Society wantedthis and I never would give itto them --  Granny's dress.  Oh, Mom.  I notice these things are backin fashion.  Oh, honey.  He's a lovely man, Annie.  I know.  He's wonderful, isn'the?  Are his folks nice?  You'll love them.  We're goingdown to D.C.  tonight to be withthem Christmas morning.  How did it happen?  It's silly, really.  I mean,I'd seen him at the office,obviously I'd seen him, he'sthe associate publisher, andthen one day we both orderedsandwiches from the same place,and he got my lettuce andtomato sandwich on whole wheat,which of course he was allergicto, and I got his lettuce andtomato on white.  How amazing.  It is, isn't it? You makemillions of decisions that meannothing and then one day youdecide to order takeout and itchanges your life.  Destiny takes a hand.  Oh, please.  Destiny's justsomething we've inventedbecause we can't stand the factthat everything that happens isaccidental.  Then how do you explain thatyou both ordered exactly thesame sandwich except for thebread? How many people in thisworld like lettuce and tomatowithout something else liketuna?  It wasn't a sign.  It was acoincidence.  I was in Atlantic City with myfamily.  Cliff was a waiter. He talked me into sneaking outfor a midnight walk on theSteel Pier.  I've probably toldyou this a million times, butI don't care.  And then he heldmy hand.  I was scared.  Allsorts of thing were goingthrough my head.  But after awhile I forgot about them.  Atone point I looked down, at ourhands, and I couldn't tellwhich fingers were mine andwhich were his.  And I knew.  What?  You know.  What?  Magic.  It was magic.  Magic.  I knew we would be togetherforever, and that everythingwould be wonderful, just theway you feel about Walter. Walter.  It's quite a formalname, isn't it?  One of the things I truly knewwas that your father and I weregoing to have a wonderful time  ... in the sack I believe youcall it --  Mom!  Of course it took several yearsbefore everything worked likeclockwork in that department,so don't be worried if it takesa while --  Mom, we already...  Well, fine, fine.  Fiddle dadee.  And how's it working?  Like... clockwork.  So you'll get married in a newdress.  It's a sign.  You don't believe in signs.  They loved you.  I told youthey would love you and theydid.  I love you, Walter.  Did anyone ever call youanything other than Walter?  Even when you were young?  How will I get back toBaltimore Saturday?  Oh God, I forgot my present foryour stepmother -- I took itinside by accident.  Don't be silly.  I'll just beten minutes behind you.  Give me a break.  Our caller is from Seattle.  No last names, Jonah.  Hellothere, you sound younger thanour usual callers.  How comeyou're up so late?  Got me there.  What's yourChristmas wish, Jonah?  You don't like the one he wasnow?  Where's your mom?  I don't believe this --  I'm sorry to hear that, Jonah.  And you're worried about him.  They lose their minds and callcrackpot doctors on the radio --  Have you talked to your dadabout this?  Why not?  You want me to talk to him?  Perfect.  Sandbag the father.  Is he home right now?  Well, I think I can help alittle more if I talk to himdirectly.  I'm sure he won't be angry oncehe realizes how concerned youare about him.  Fair enough.  This is completely disgusting.  Hello, Sam, this is Dr. MarciaFieldstone on Network America.  I'm not selling anything.  Yourson called and asked for adviceon how to find you a new wife.  Dr. Marcia Fieldstone ofNetwork America.  He feels that since your wife'sdeath you've been very unhappy.He's genuinely worried about you.  I think it's hard for him totalk to you about all this. Maybe we could talk and itwould make him feel a littlebetter.  This is a grotesque violationof this man's personal life,but never mind --  Good.  How long ago did yourwife die?  Have you had any relationshipsince?  Why not?  And I don't want to invade yourprivacy --  Sure you do.  I have no doubt that you're agood dad.  You can tell a lotfrom a person's voice.  Butsomething must be missing ifJonah feels that you're stillunder a cloud.  Could it be that you needsomeone just as much as Jonahdoes?  Yes.  I'm losing my mind.  We've been talking to -- well,let's just call him Sleeplessin Seattle, and we'll be rightback after this break withlistener response, yourresponse, to the things we'vebeen discussing.  The number tocall is...  I'll bet he's tall, with a cutebutt.  I'll bet he hasn't shaved in aweek.  I'll bet he stinks.  Shut up, Harriet.  What'll it be?  Coffee, please.  Black.  To go.  Maybe I should hustle myselfout to Seattle.  Give him alittle present for New Year'sEve.  You can go there if you wantbut don't open his refrigerator. They don't cover anything whenthey put it in the fridge. They just stick it in and leaveit there till it walks out byitself.  Harriet, ever since youdivorced your last husband,you've been no fun.  I'mlooking, and this guy pops mytarts.  I'm looking for someonesensitive.  Come on, nobody wants a guywho's sensitive on the radio.  Let's take a call before we getback to Sleepless.  Knoxville,Tennessee, you're on.  Yes, I would just like to knowwhere I could get this man'saddress?  Honey, get on line.  Do you think there's somebodyout there you could love asmuch as your wife? Maybe evenmore?  What are you going to do, Sam?  What was it that made you know?  Why not?  Magic.  Well, it's time to wrap up,folks --  We hope you'll call again soon.  I'm sorry, Walter.  I justheard the most amazing thing onthe radio.  People call up these shows andyou can't believe the stuffthey say.  It's the end ofprivacy as we know it, thiscountry is just one big globalvillage with everyone out theregoing blah blah blah --  Hi.  Sam?  You must be Jonah.  See.  I told you.  Sam andJonah.  I'm LULU.  This isJoBeth.  We live two piers over, don'twe? Number 12, right? We'rehaving like a really neat openhouse today from like four towhenever if you care to stopby.  Well, here's the number.  Ifyou ever find yourselfSleepless, give us a call.  Wealso... do babysitting.  Do it.  What else?  Wyatt, I do not mean to remindyou of your mother, but if youdon't put that game away, no TVfor a week.  Listen to this.  Phone servicein the greater Chicago area wastied up for two hours ChristmasEve because some kid called aphone-in show to get a wife forhis father.  Two thousand womencalled in for the number.  I heard it.  This kid calls upand says my dad needs a wifeand I'm talking to myself inthe car saying, this iscompletely disgusting, you'retaking advantage of a child,and then the father gets on andthis shrinkette says, do youwant to talk about it? And hesays no as a matter of fact Idon't, and I am saying, bravo!Right on! Don't talk to her,it's none of her business --  -- and then suddenly, for noreason at all, he's talkingabout how much he loved hiswife, and how he just --  fell in love with her and I amcrying.  Me.  A tear isactually rolling down my face. It was like what happens when Iwatch those phone company ads. I don't have to see the wholead, I just have to see the partwhere the daughter gives hermother a refrigerator with abig red bow on it, have youseen that one?  You should write somethingabout this.  About what?  Whatever it is.  That is not true.  Thatstatistic is not true.  It's not true, but it feelstrue.  There's practically a wholebook about how that statisticis not true --  I did not, Wyatt.  So where were we?  Okay.  If someone is a widower, why dothey say he was widowed? Whydon't they say he was widowered?  I was jus wondering.  What was that about up there?  What was what?  What's with you?  Nothing's with me.  "Sleepless in Seattle"?  That's what she called him onthe show.  Because he can'tsleep.  And now 2,000 women want hisnumber.  The guy could be acrackhead, a psychopath, aflasher, a junkie, atransvestite, a chain-sawmurderer, or someone reallysick, like Rick.  Actually, he sounded nice.  Oh? Oh, really? Now we'regetting down to it.  Not.  What did I used to say? Here'slooking at you? Here's mud inyour eye?  Happy New Year.  Walter, I'd love to --  Go for a walk in Central Park --  We will?  The Symphony?  Okay.  I'll take you to the RussianTea Room for pelmeni.  It's delicious, trust me.  I don't think so.  Up next, "You and YourEmotions" with Dr.  MarciaFieldstone, clinicalpsychologist and the bestfriend you never had. He says he doesn't love me any  more.  Why do you want to be withsomeone who doesn't love you?  Every time I come close toorgasm he stops and goes tomake himself a sandwich --  Why don't you make him asandwich beforehand?  What was it that made you know?  Why not?  We'll be back after thiscommercial with Dr. MarciaFieldstone.  I think I'm going crazy, Tom. I really do.  Are you happilymarried?  I mean, why did you getmarried? Was it all fireworksand trumpets and --  But when you met her, did youbelieve she was the only personfor you? That in some mystical,cosmic way, it was fated?  I don't even know him.  ButI'm having all these fantasiesabout a man I've never met,who lives in Seattle.  I know, I know.  I do not wantto move to Seattle.  But what Ireally don't want to do is endup always wondering what mighthave happened and knowing Icould have done something. What do you think?  It's just cold feet, isn't it?Everyone panics before they getmarried, didn't you?  Thank you, Tom.  I feel so muchbetter just having blown thisoff.  H and G.  Hi and goodbye.  Now those were the days whenpeople knew how to be in love.  You're a basket case.  They knew it.  Time, distance,nothing could separate them. Because they knew.  It wasright.  It was real.  It was...  ... movie.  That's your problem.  You don'twant to be in love.  You wantto be in love in a movie.  Read it to me.  "Dear Sleepless and Son..."  It sounds like the name of amattress store --  "I am not the sort of personwho listens to call-in radioshows" --  And this woman is a writer!That's what everyone writes atthe beginning of letters tostrangers.  I know that.  You think I don'tknow that? "I know that's adumb way to begin, but it's theonly way I can think of toconvey what happened to me theother night when I heard thetwo of you on the radio.  Onthe other hand, maybe I'm justlosing my mind."  You are.  You're losing yourmind.  What about Walter?  I'm going to marry Walter.  Ijust have to get this out of mysystem.  Right.  I should say something in thisabout magic.  What?  I don't know.  I mean, what ifI never meet him? What if thisman is my destiny and I nevermeet him?  Your destiny can be your doom. Look at me and Rick.  "I want to meet you..."  "On top of the Empire StateBuilding at sunset onValentine's Day."  Good.  Perfect.  I'll be in NewYork with Walter, I can squeezeit in.  You want to hear about destiny?If my husband hadn't gone on adiet, which caused me to leavehim, I would never have been onthat flight to Miami, and metRick, and ended up having sexin the bathroom of a 727 withthat nob you slide that says"vacant-occupied, vacant-  occupied, vacant-occupied" --  You never told me you left yourhusband because he went on adiet.  He lost all the weight...there.  That's impossible.  A guy can't  Can too.  No.  Yes.  And then you left him? He lostweight there and you left him?  Plus he fell in love with atemp.  Listen to this, I love thispart --  Men never get this movie.  I know.  Do you think at the end of themovie when she's in thewheelchair they can still doit?  I always wondered about thattoo.  Laurie, it's Annie.  Fine, I'mfine.  Listen, I'm doing anarticle on call-in radio shows. Do you know anyone who worksfor someone named Dr. MarciaFieldstone...?  I'm a writer for the BaltimoreSun and I'm a friend of LaurieJohnson's.  I'm doing a pieceon how people handlebereavement and I understandthat you had a caller the othernight... I know you're notsupposed to, but Laurie saidyou might, and I'll plug theshow and everything --  Baldwin.  Samuel.  Baldwin, Chicago.  Four Samuel Baldwins.  Strike Yto printout.  Samuel Baldwin, arrested forgrand larceny, 1961.  SamuelBaldwin, alderman, convicted ofaccepting bribes, 1967.  SamuelJ. Baldwin, architect, builtCity Plaza.  I need to know about himbecause... he's involved withmy sister...  She has a pattern of gettinginvolved with losers... Onceshe almost ran away with ahuman cannonball from thecircus.  No, I know that part --  No, no, no, it's more like, whois he, does he have a sense ofhumor, is he nice -- no forgetnice, I've got nice --  I'll tell you the truth, Iheard this guy on a call-inradio show and I might notmarry the person I should marrybecause I've become obsessedwith him.  No.  Not remotely.  I just wantto find out about him.  About two weeks.  Pssst!  Whenever.  Fine.  Hi.  You look good yourself.  I thought you were never goingto call me.  I really wanted you to call me,and I thought you were nevergoing to --  No way.  No way I was going tobe the first woman you went outwith after...  There is no percentagewhatsoever in being the firstwoman anyone goes out withafter...  Oh.  Oh, you are funny --  Tell me he's living in squalor. Tell me everything he has isbeing repossessed, includinghis filthy, dented mobile home.  I hate boats.  Boats.  You go out in them. You come back in them.  I hatethem.  Boats.  All anyone talks aboutis the wind.  Is it up, is itdown.  I can't live with a manwho only talks about the wind.  But it's on the water.  I hope I don't have to pay forthat piece of information.  He's real.  Hi, Sam.  And let me guess --you must be Jonah.  I know her pretty well.  MaybeI could call her --  Oh that is so funny, you are sofunny.  Yes, I do.  In fact, my firm hasbox seats for the Mariners. Why don't we all go next week?  What about it?  I went camping once.  I love to brush my teeth in abrook and floss with a weed.  Hello.  Turn on your radio!  What?  The kid is on.  You've got melistening to this garbage. Go on, turn it on.  Oh, it's just Becky, she'shaving trouble with Rich again.  Hold on, Becky, I'm goingdownstairs.  How am I going to explain thisto Walter?  Shhh, listen to this --  Shouldn't your father be thejudge of whether she's rightor wrong?  Is he there?  Absolutely.  Right.  Come on, Jonah --  Do something --  Jonah, you can't butt in here.  I gotta go.  I'll see you atwork.  Walter, you scared me.  Don'tever do that again.  Becky heard this woman on theradio complaining about thisguy she was sure was Rick,which meant he was cheating onher.  She was completelyhysterical.  Then it turned outthe woman lived in Duluth.  I know.  It makes no sense atall.  Thank God my life is inplace.  Write her.  It's Y. O. H.  Your only hope.  I thought I would look intodoing a story about those radioshows.  You'd probably have to gosomewhere to really look intoit.  Definitely.  I'll call you later.  Not for the kind of place Iwant to do.  I won't be inChicago that long.  And then I'll see you in NewYork --  Do you believe that any lie isa betrayal? That's what HaroldPinter says, but it seems to meit's a very harsh way ofdrawing the line.  Can I bring something back foryou? A souvenir?  Does he like those little snowscenes?  You know -- you shake them upand the snow floats down?  Well...  He's good at it.  I read the same article...  Absolutely.  When I come back,maybe the two of us shouldspend some time together, onour own.  What do you think?  Hello, Mr.  Baldwin? No. Hello, Sam?  I'm Annie Reed.  I'm Annie Reed.  I'm Annie Reed.  I'm Annie Reed.  I heard about you calling Dr.Fieldstone, and well, I justhappened to be out here on...  business...  vacation...  for no good reason at all...  business... and I thought I'ddrop and...  say hello...  invite you to lunch...  take a shower with you...  shoot myself.  I watched him play with his sonat the beach.  Did you talk to him?  I couldn't do it.  How did Iget here?  You told a lie and got on aplane.  That's not what I mean.  I'm going back over theretomorrow and talk to him.  Iam.  Okay.  Good.  Goodbye.  Becky?  What?  Is this crazy?  No.  That's the weirdest partabout it.  Thank you.  I love you.  I love you, too.  Good night.  He's over at the boat show. He'll be by later.  It's so beautiful here.  Hello.  How could I have been such anidiot?  You were standing in the middleof the street?  You know that dream whereyou're walking down the streetnaked and everyone is lookingat you?  I love that dream.  That was nothing compared tothis humiliation, nothing.  But he saw you, right?  He said hello.  And what did you say?  All I could think of to say washello.  It's a sign --  It's a sign I've watched thismovie too many times.  I'm so stupid.  From the minuteI listen to that stupid programon the radio, I've been acomplete jerk.  You don't know who she was,Annie --  I saw her.  She looked justlike this --  This is a photo of hair.  Well, it's the same woman.  Andhe was crazy about her.  What is this?  This is from Seattle.  Becky?  So I mailed your letter.  "Dear Annie: Thanks for yourletter.  It was great.  We'revery excited about meeting youin New York on Valentine's Dayand seeing if we are M.F.E.O.Sleepless in Seattle."  Made for each other.  It's cute.  It's like a littleclue.  So he can't write.  Big deal. I mean, verbal ability is ahighly overrated thing in aguy, and our pathetic need forit is what gets us into so muchtrouble.  I'm going to run back toWalter's arms, if he's stillhave me.  What about the letter?  It doesn't mean anything.  Itwas written before I went outthere.  Before the ho.  You saw her in the airport andthen here?  How's Jonah taking it?  You're kidding --  It's a little derivative.  "An Affair To Remember." Didyou ever see it? Cary Grantand Deborah Kerr.  Before thatit was called "Love Affair WithIrene Dunne And Charles Boyer."  They met at the Empire StateBuilding, only they didn't. Never mind.  Just because someone's lookingfor a nice guy doesn't makethem desperate.  No.  It is not --  Would you follow her through anairport?  Hi.  Shhhh --  You're going to miss the train.  No, I'm not.  What are your plans in NewYork?  We're going to the Rainbow Roomand the symphony tomorrow night.  I love the symphony.  I hate it.  I'm so happy, Becky.  Finally Ifeel happy.  This is right. This is real.  Everything elseis what happens when you watchtoo many movies and completelylose sight of what counts.  Please don't tell anyone aboutwhat happened.  "Sleepless inSeattle" is history.  This is the best movie I'veever seen in my life.  You have to go to her, Jonah. You have to find her.  Nobody knows.  It changespractically every day.  Howmuch money do you have?  I have forty-two.  So thatwould definitely covertaxicabs, I think.  Honey, I'm going out for a fewminutes.  Could you keep an eye on thingsout front till I get back?  Sure.  Do you want an aisle or awindow seat?  Do you want a fruit plate?  I'd rather die than eat on anairplane.  I'm telling them you're twelveso you can fly unaccompaniedand they won't make you becarried around by a stewardessand everything.  You go.  I am.  I was just... I just got... Ithink I got nervous.  It'snormal, right? Don't you everfeel nervous about, you know?  About forever.  Well, I did.  And you know whatI think? I think that it wasalmost... too perfect.  I started to wonder whether wewere the human equivalent oftwo rights making a wrong, youknow?  It was like kismet but not, ifyou see what I mean.  You have to grow up.  You can'thave all these adolescentdreams about how exciting yourlife is going to be --  Don't hate me but I love thispattern.  I do.  How many place settings shouldI put down?  Ten.  Walter.  It's so beautiful.  It's justwhat I would have picked out ifI'd had every ring in the worldto choose from.  You see what I mean.  There arepeople who would like arelationship to be full ofsurprises, but I am not one ofthem.  Surprises are highly overrated.  Promise me something, Walter. Promise me you will never havea surprise party for me.  Ever. You know what happens, you walkin the door in some horriblesweater you put on that morning,and there are hundreds of peoplein their best clothes shouting"Surprise!"  Jessica, this is notacceptable.  He's on his way to New York.  What?  United 597.  Jessica!  Here you go... here's a nice pinfor you, for flying with us.  You're welcome.  Can I takethat for you?  Fine, fine.  Walter, there's something Ihave to tell you --  No.  I'm Cynthia.  I don't know what to say aboutit, Walter.  It was a form oftemporary insanity.  But I hadto tell you about it because --  Yes.  But it wasn't really.  Itwas just...  I told you.  Nothing --  I'm not at the top of theEmpire State Building.  I'mhere.  Oh, Walter.  I don't deserveyou.  You okay?  Oh!  Look!  No.  Please.  I really need toget up there.  Listen, can I just take a look?Maybe... maybe... There'ssomeone I was supposed tomeet... He's probably notthere, but if I don't at leastlook I'll always wonder aboutit.  You know that movie?  Can I take a minute?  It's me?  Yes.  Is this yours?  Hi, Jonah.  Sam.  And who is this?  Howard.  Sam?  It's nice to meet you. 