-- go away. Leave us alone... You're the Indian FBI. The people are glad they sent you.  They usually send in guys who come  at ya with highbeams, screamin' "drop  it, Motherfucker", stick a gun in  your face, frisk ya down. Even if ya  got a child with ya. No, it's good  to have ya. It's gonna be was-te  times on the res. I was gonna warn ya about messin'  with somebody's medicine bundle but  I forgot you know all about that  stuff. You're not gonna catch him. He can  shape-shift into different animals.  Bear. Elk. Porcupine. Jimmy didn't kill Leo. Why do you  wanna do this? -- Leo was an apple, that's right.  Red on the outside, white on the  inside. And Jimmy hated him. Kicked  his ass a coupla times. But he didn't  kill him. You're the FBI. That's your job,  isn't it? Ya know how many of our  Warrior brothers got killed out here?  I never saw any investigating then.  Why now? What's going down here? Try the Fort Laramie Treaty. All  over again. I'm from Minneapolis. Fifth Street.  I did four years at Dartmouth before  I ever set foot on this res. So I  know about the other world, Ray. Are you gonna keep that medicine  bundle or are you gonna respect its  power? Thank you. Grandpa Reaches says you come from  heavy Indian blood. I used to think  Grandpa was gettin' senile. Now I  know he is. Are they all right under here? Two-hundred and sixty-seven men,  women, old people. And little ones  like you. Many killed running along  that road you see there. A place called The Stronghold. They died for a dream. But you live.  You are their great-great  grandchildren and you live. We have  to honor their dream. Of protecting  the Mother Earth. And being proud of  being Indian. Yeah, well, let me tell you something,  Henry: just be glad he wasn't looking  for Turkey. Richard. Sing the Honoring Song with  them. I'll be right back. We're praying at the grave. Do you  wanna join us? So much power. I see it in your eyes.  This... hunger for power. Or for  what you think is power. -- You desecrated it, it had to be  burned. You forced an innocent man to run  like an animal. You've tried to poison  my people's hearts against me with  your manipulation, with letters I  never wrote... you've been watching  me eat, work, raise my family...  wash myself in the river. And now  you're here, arresting me at a sacred  place. In your eyes, that's power. So I plant this tree for you. And I  take all this stuff that you've laid  on me and my people, and I put it in  this hole with this pine cone. And I bury it. Cuz ya know what it  is, Ray? Bullshit. And shit is  fertilizer. And The Mother will turn your lies  into something that lives. That's what power is, in the Indian  way. Take me to Rapid, Ray. I'm the enemy. See those Black Hills out there,  Ray? When the people lost the land  in 1868, the government took  everything but those hills. They  allowed us to keep those Black Hills,  to live there. Signed a treaty. Until  they found gold. Then they told us  we had to leave because of National  interest. They broke that treaty.  Anyone who fought or spoke out against  it, wound up dead or in jail. And  the people wound up here. On a  reservation. While up there, in the Black Hills...  they carved the faces of four  presidents. Your relatives must've taught you  something. Wa-shee is like... a dumpling. Like  tallow we put in stew. I think he  was calling you chubby boy. Goodbye... Wa-shee. 