Why? Congratulations on history's longest winning streak. He excels at gratitude. Okay. I'm just bringing him over to give Jane a look at him -- Hi. No, I liked the way it made me sound. Okay. Be good. So long. This story they won't cover. And if the network doesn't cover it -- it must not be important so why worry. No. I don't know how much fun it will be when Martin Klein and Ernie have to drop off their credentials with the security guard. Can I ask you something? You only had one crew on the date rape piece, right? It is. Yes -- that's where they had Rorish, for God's sake, before they made him anchor. I can't stand it -- they're grooming you for it all and you don't even know it. London. That's a promotion! Yes. And I'm sorry that they're sending you down for a while, but you'll make it back...Where they sending you? Impossible. There's no system that wouldn't value one of us. What did they do with you? I'll put her on. Yeah -- well, I'm sorry I'm tying up Jane, I didn't realize you two would be going this late. Sorry. The pointers were great. I'll study the tape. Oh, God, no! No? It's not loaded. Just don't physically... Fantastic tip -- fantastic. I don't like being handled. What? It just might not work for me because of our different approaches. This is uncomfortable for me -- because, well, I don't mean it as a knock, but we approach this differently. Nothing. I think you really blew the lid off nookie. I'm in a pissy mood. I'm sorry. I'm starting to... We may do the capitols of the states. There are only ten. Okay. Don't name them. Just tell me if you know. We're conversing...Oh my, the names of the entire Cabinet has slipped my mind. What are they? Can you name all the members of the Cabinet? And the rule was... Okay. Pretty petty party, isn't it, pal? You have the job you have... You can't talk about feeling intimidated when you're on top of the world. It's unseemly. Oh, stop it. Keep it to yourself. How you doing? You've made my dreams silly. Why don't you lead? I'll just follow the flurry you cause. Same old stuff. I'm watching a man who won three Overseas Press Awards pitch an hors d'oeuvre idea. Nice, Jane. You write this? Yeah. Shit, shit, shit... Stop the tape, okay. Forget it, Ellen. Let's call security and get him out. Which would you prefer? You're saying the fact that you're gay had something directly to do with your promotions? Eventually rising to... You worked at one time as Foreign Service Trainee in the State Department. I might as well ask you the questions on tape. Is that all right? That's your full name? It's Mr. Buddy Felton? Well -- my wife got this new job... So who's the guy? Really? I hope so... No. I'm not really mad. I'll miss you, we'll talk, we'll always be friends...we'll get hot for each other every few years at dinner and never act on it, okay? I'll be walking with my wife and two children -- we'll bump into you on the street, my youngest son will say something and I'll tell him... ...it's not nice to make fun of single, fat ladies. Okay, that's very easy. Five, six years from now I'll be in town to collect an award representing the surge in foreign coverage by local stations. Maybe the best part of your life is over and you don't want to get up and start the bad part. Let's go... Ernie told this story. How he used to write obits and when the people in town called him up with death notices, he cried. He was till that way when they promoted him out of obits. He says you're lucky if you can get out while you could still cry. I should have quit this place three years ago. Stop. Ernie thought I was good too -- he couldn't help. My agent has a hot prospect -- the number two station in Portland. The general manager says he wants to be every bit as good as the networks. Personally, I think he should aim higher. Speaking. Hi. Will I ever sing again? I've got to not say that aloud; it takes too much out of me. Yes, yes. I know. Right. And if it had gone well for me tonight, maybe I'd be keeping quiet about all this...I grant you everything but give me this...he does personify everything you've been fighting against...And I'm in love with you. How do you like that? -- I buried the lead. Because we have the kind of relationship where if I were the Devil, you'd be the only one I told. No. You know that I'm not. What do you think the Devil is going to look like if he's around? Nobody is going to be taken in if he has a long, red, pointy tail. No. I'm semi-serious here. He will look attractive and he will be nice and helpful and he will get a job where he influences a great God-fearing nation and he will never do an evil thing...he will just bit by little bit lower standards where they are important. Just coax along flash over substance... Just a tiny bit. And he will talk about all of us really being salesmen. And he'll get all the great women. I know you care about him. I've never seen you like this about anyone, so please don't take it wrong when I tell you that I believe that Tom, while a very nice guy, is the Devil. You can't end up with Tom because it goes totally against everything you're about. Aaach...Jane... Let's take the part that has nothing to do with me. Let's let me be your most trusted friend, the one that gets to say awful things to you. You know? Let me think a second. It's tough. Yeah. Well...I think it is important for you too. Sit down. Don't go. No!!!!! Call him -- I mean it can wait, right? I don't know. At a certain point it was so off the chart bad -- it got funny. My central nervous system was telling me something. Jane -- sweat running down my face -- makeup falling into my eyes -- people turning this fusillade of blow dryers on me -- all so I could read introductions to other people who were covering stories which is what I like to do anyway. And I'm chipper because you finally showed up. I thought I'd cook for us. Tequila and eggs sound good? No, nice ones worried that I was having a heart attack. I'm not kidding. People phoned in. It was great...writing my little first rate copy, sitting on my jacket, punching my one thought. But I had this historic attack of flop sweat so they'll never let me another again. Oh, I lost one of your shoulder pads -- how was your evening anyway? I lost six pounds... No. No. Define your terms. Then it went well. You didn't see it or speak to anybody? Thanks, Jane. Have a good time tonight. If ...if not, I'll have the tape...I'll wait for you at my apartment. Me too...Hey...if it gets dull a little before 11:00, drop by the studio. Yes. Because this is important -- so don't just be polite. I'd really like to look...what's the word I'm looking for?... Could you at least pretend that this is an awkward situation for you -- me showing up while you're getting ready for a date. Yes...I was thinking that way too... Which tie? I didn't know you were going with him. They're not that dumb, after all. Jesus, Jane. How long have you been here? Good. Absolutely...You go have a good time... You have some place to go? Which means I'm at their mercy and who wants that?...I'm not going to tell you where this thought led me... Anyway, well, why not tell you? -- it's a happy thing. In the middle of all this I start to think about something that does nothing but make me feel good and makes immediate sense and that's you ...And I'll stop here but, Jane, I'd give anything if you were two people so I could call up the one who's my friend and tell her about the one I'm in I...I don't think I should go any further. Come on -- I'll walk you to the corner. I figured out exactly why it is I'm so hung up on getting a chance at weekend anchor...It's because if I do that well, they'll pay me more, treat me great and my life will be better. That's why. You're welcome. Sow how does it feel to...I know you gotta go -- Me too. We're very busy here. Me again. Hi. Listen Gaddafi doesn't foam at the mouth or anything. When you speak to him he's not at all nuts. He seems like a leader -- very impressive, self-control...that's what's so strange. I think the pilot that shot down the Libyan in 1981 is stationed right here. Maybe you could get him -- and maybe Tom should say that our F-14 is one of the hardest planes to fly. They're nicknamed 'Tomcats'. Watch? -- What happened? Not because you have to. Can you believe it? I just risked my life for a network that tests my face with focus groups. We can cut back at the end. Did you shoot their boots? Last time Paul was sick they gave Connie the weekend news instead of me. I didn't sleep. They're giving me less and less air time. They don't think I'm at all anchor material. Eleven and a half. They didn't hire Peter Stiller from the Times and he had a great audition tape. Wouldn't this be a great world if insecurity and desperation made us more attractive? If needy were a turn-on? I'd give anything if that were true. Okay. I feel like I'm slipping but do people who are actually slipping feel that way or is it always the really good people who are moving up who invariably think they're slipping because their standards are so high? Okay. Let's do me. Because nobody invites a bad- looking idiot to their bedroom. He must have been great-looking, right? Where's where I asked him about being scared? You should work on your speech. Okay, I'll see you in the lobbies [<i>sic</i>]. Now listen, Arnold just said that he's been making three million a movie now. But he's not ever gonna change. He's still the same person when he was making two million dollars a movie. He feels no different. He also bought a brand- new condo with Maria, they gonna furnish tastefully. Hi. Turn on your TV... Good Morning America , the Morning News and Today are all about to talk to Arnold Schwarzenegger and I think he's live on at least two of them. In other times, with other purposes, there might be a band and bunting here at the bus depot for J.D. Singer's return from war. Last week he was decorated by a president for heroism in a war. But it was the civil war -- in Angola -- and he was in it for the money. Oh, you mean use him...That's nice. Okay. In other times, for other purposes, there might be a band and bunting here at the bus depot for J.D. Singer's return from war. He... No -- Don't worry about it. Let's do this. It's an ethnic curl, I can't do anything about it. Ready. So I quit. They told me they'd keep me because they could plug me into any story and my salary was in line. Thanks. Okay. I think I'd better be alone for a while. Prepare what? You have Saturday's news handy? Do it then. Do one thing to me? Get me one shot at anchoring the Weekend News -- they've never seen me do it. I think it could turn them around. Ah, damn -- the fucking jerks -- My, God. They want to fire me. Wait. Bullshit me a little...I'm beginning to appreciate it. Just blunt talk, okay? I'd really appreciate bluntness. Wipe me out? Just tell me what's really going on. I think we know each other well enough for me to expect that. Outside? I'll tell you what. I'll stay if Tom knows how to spell Gaddafi. That's it. I resign as of now. You didn't say anything to her? I'm gonna go look at it again. All this business of war -- do you get scared? It depends on how big a news day it is. How long has it been since you've been home. We came from Washington. Just a few questions? No. I think anyone who puckers their lips and presses it against his boss' buttocks and then smooches is an ass kisser. Take care, Paul. It takes a certain kind of courage for you to say that in front of the President of the News Division. Oh, come on -- tell us another. Norman Rockwell's enduring portrait of a Homecoming The return of a fighting man has always been one of the more moving ceremonies of war... Tearful women, proud men, excited children. But J.D. Singer was right -- his homecoming was no big deal. Oh, that's nice... We'll need some new lines. What is she shooting?This is a brutal layoff...And all because they couldn't program Wednesdays. If we're not here for each other during the tough time, we're not a news organization. I'd like to take everyone out after the show. Just when do you start, telling people? I'll speak to you soon Well, you always want to give the credit away, do you? Well, the visual with the boots at the end was just perfect. Well, darling, if it gets any better than that, I'm going to have to bring you up here to New York. Jane?My gosh, and for a while there, I was attracted to you. You think anyone who's proud of the work we do is an ass kisser. Goodbye, Paul. I was a little nervous there for a minute. We have a minute and a half. It's my responsibility to tell them we won't be ready. Norman Rockwell's 'Homecoming.' Okay. I just wanted you to know. They canned me. Well, my brother will feel great -- now he's not the only screw-up. I spent a fortune on this. Do you know you're the second woman in network news history to produce? It's Aaron. Yes. And Bobbie says... I liked it. He's not afraid to be human. What did he say? I've got to tell Ernie...because there isn't enough time. You don't have time. Not a chance.Ravenous homosexual. I don't like the word gay. Office Bimbo. No, I'm sorry. I was there two years and was promoted on merit nine times. Yes. Yes. Yes. Well, who knows. Just let m tell you what my favorite teacher ever, told me -- 'Don't be afraid to be wonderful.' ...good-bye then. Good. He's on the world's longest ego trip, let him take it alone. Look, I can start up with him again if you really... I broke up with my roommate -- He was really the magnet for everyone who knew anything. Anchor? Is everything all right? Okay. Okay. And look, in the future I can call you when I have news for you. Don't feel you have to spend time with me just to get the information. Well, that wasn't as hard to say as you thought, was it, Buddy? What if we just don't tell them anything anymore unless they let you do the story? I wish it were you giving the story. Forgive me, but it really is intoxicating being a news source. I see the change in you -- I see it. Oh, please. So they were really impressed with you at work. ...and the White House is hoping to keep a lid on it for a few days till they figure out what to do. My roommate's very social -- somebody from Justice was over and...I always hear things before they happen. Hey, and from now on, so do you. Yes, it's true. They're going to make it public Wednesday but isn't it a big deal for you to have it a day and a half early? Okay. At least let me show my appreciation. The Secretary of Labor is going to be indicted on Wednesday. For the graft thing he supposedly did before he was appointed. One's enough. I know...I mean you didn't do anything special for me tonight. You just had what I think are good manners, decency. And it really makes me want to be nice back and it has nothing to do with any homosexual thing. Honestly. Because I don't know if you've homosexual or not and -- you're not, are you? Bad manners. You talked me into it. How do I get out of here? They're not really going to call security are they?I'll put him in the low corner of the frame -- good. Okay. In front of a little -- it's a bit... You want a mirror? Your hair's a little funny.The cost-efficient reporter. It's what he did. I'm proud of him. I understand. I'll go with you. It's been a while since you read the news -- I'll have somebody work with you. Just on superficial performance things. Please prepare carefully. This couldn't come at a better time. I could do it this Saturday -- everyone wants off for the Correspondents' Dinner. All I know is that they've got to fire a large number of people... and they're not going by seniority. There's a recklessness in the air. They... I'm no suggesting the worst will happen...but someone with your brilliance gets nibbles about other jobs and maybe, the next time that happens, down the road -- you should look into it. Aaron, I've never seen them like this -- I think Paul's nervous about his own job and for some reason he thinks you only appeal to... Upper management thinks you're dull. Anyway. I want you to think of this as... We know each other well enough for me to care how I put something to you which could wipe you out. So I will phrase things the way I think they should be phrased. All right? I don't know if we have any younger man more respected in our operation than you. Yeah -- Oh, I was just writing you a note. What do you say we take a walk? Stop it. I had the strangest thing happen yesterday. Anne and I have been married what? -- Thirty-six years... Everything fine -- two days after the promotion came through, I was checking myself in the mirror and she was making a face at me behind my back. So yesterday I looked in the mirror and she was doing it again. I saw the smile -- good piece. Bye, sweetie. No. They're firing even more people than they said. Some will want to talk. It could help. They fired me. Tell me I'm on the way in.Finish quickly. I don't want you getting obsessive about these things. Good night. You don't have to finish tonight. Jane -- For God's sake... Look, it's time for you to go to sleep. Honey?...Would it help if I got you a tutor? Oh my. I see you studying so hard, Tom. What do you think the problem is? As long as that's your only problem you're... You know, Tom, I feel a little proud when people comment on your looks. Maybe you should feel that way. Were you bothering by those waitresses making a fuss? Go ahead. Why so glum? I don't know a recent Saturday I've sold more. You didn't think I'd sell that health restaurant, did you?You can make it a little less brutal by knocking a million dollars or so off your salary. Bill...This is hard on all of us and it's no time for compliments. But I think it's extraordinary of you to come down here for this. Almost immediately. I had no idea she was this good. It must be nice to always believe you know better. To think you're always the smartest person in the room. You're just absolutely right and I'm absolutely wrong? Okay, that's your opinion. I don't agree.If you ever get restless in Portland, let me know. It's nice to see you. Are you any closer to a decision? I'll see you back at the hotel. I thought she'd be here. I'll go with you. Well, this kid couldn't possibly belong to anyone else. What's your name? You know what I... I'm going to miss you -- you're a prick in a great way... Yes. You're not going to stick around for the farewell party? Hold it down, okay? I don't think so. London. You packing up tonight? Why? What did they do to you? They booted me out of Washington. No. Don't worry about it. Everybody has one like that. I thought it was great when you started to laugh at the end. You were smokin' toward the end there. And the left side of your face is the good one. Go again. And try to punch one word or phrase in every sentence -- punch one idea a story. Punch -- come on -- Don't let your eyes go from the beginning of the sentence to the end like that. You don't want to look shifty, do you? No. No. I'll find some copy. Be right back. No. That's not going to tell us anything. Let's get this prompter going. Sit on it! Now look. Your coat jacket is rising up in back. Wait. We sure do. I don't mean it as a knock either. Go ahead. I'll just say what I think and you can disregard it if you want. What's wrong with it? Fifty, right? You're feeling good, aren't you? Yes. Yes, Aaron. I know the names of the Cabinet. Okay, let's drop it. I didn't mean I'd take a test for you -- I mean if that came up in conversation I'd... Never to pretend to know more than I did. I made one rule for myself when this started and I realized I was going to take a lot from you people because of being from sports... Shut up a second... I'm not buying into any of that. I have a load to learn. I'm not going to act as if... You know the other day I really wanted your reaction to how we did with the Libyan report -- I was going to ask but I guess I feel a little intimidated with you. Great. Network news, Washington... I love it. What do you do when your real life exceeds your dreams? What did I do to you? You want to go out there -- get out of this for a second? Hi, Aaron...What's doing? ...outlaw nation but strangely those who have interviewed Gaddafi find him, in a phrase we like to use in this country, very 'presidential'. One source referred to it as a five billion dollar metal sculpture to ugly to look at and too big to bury. Okay if I watch you tape that interview downstairs? You're almost there, you can do it -- can do -- can do. I'll speak to you. Hey, okay. Look Buddy -- I've got to go to work. No. I'm doing fine...Look. Oh. Yes, stop! I wondered if you could find out anything about what's happening. What's wrong? Yes. You didn't have to come here. It's just that I'm going to anchor this special report on this Libyan thing... Hey, Buddy, don't do that anymore. What do you mean? You're one of the few people in this town I can talk to. No. Really...don't worry about it. That's okay. Nobody else had it. Not impressed exactly -- but a break in the clouds. Thanks a lot, Buddy. Yes. How do you know? What? I really have to go. No...no. Yes. That's right. I've been doing some morning show stuff, but mostly radio -- that doesn't bother me. I'm in no rush for anything. It's just the snotty attitude, even if I have it coming, it's still... Follow me. No, I don't think so. That would be great. It better help. What can you do with yourself if all you do is look good? Thanks, Dad, this talk helped. Will you sign it, please? I'll just have to try harder. I don't know. I will. I will. I will. I will. I got my report card. Three Cs, two Ds and an incomplete. It's not. Proud? I'm just embarrassed that I like when they say those things. No. But, honest. What are you supposed to say when they keep talking about your looks? I don't even know what they mean -- "Beat them off with a stick." No, nothing. I've got a problem, I guess. I don't know. No. Not even you. Okay...It's so good to see you. Well, we should talk. You going to have time for dinner? I'd like you to meet Lila. What a great surprise. I didn't think we had a chance. I heard you wanted to stay in Washington. A picnic? Take it easy. Then you should stay here. You want to come? Yes, I am. Thanks. I mean it. What I don't know, I can learn and what I know, nobody can teach. Excuse me for saying it about myself, but I think it's true. What do you think? Never mind what you think. Well, let's do a special report on that...I mean that's news. You keep coming after me and looking down on me. It's starting to make me batty. I'm leaving now. Gate 43. This is a one-way argument. We've got six days; if you go and we fight and we hate it -- we'll come home. If you don't go? Well, that's a much bigger deal. I go to London right after that. So, it'd be very big deal if you stay here. The plane's boarding. You're good at deadline. Here's your ticket. It's hard not to cross it; they keep moving the little sucker, don't they? I got promoted for things like that. Jane, Jane, Jane, Jane, Jane... We disagree on how God-awful it was. Why don't you come with me and we can disagree and get a tan at the same time? I felt funny about it afterwards. It's verboten, huh? I thought since I did it for real the first time -- but I get you. That's not the reason you're not coming? Why? Then give me a minute... That's yes? Sorry. I can't stand here feeing bad that I don't feel worse. This has happened at every station I ever worked for. Look, I think it's crazy for you to come in here tomorrow and start a new job. I have a week to get to my job. Let's get the hell away to some island fast and find out how we are together away from this. Maybe I haven't been here long enough. But, hey, congratulations on the promotion. That it would be a treat to make someone like you feel better... He gets like that sometimes. Yes. Then he said a really weird thing... He -- uh -- said he liked you because you looked like you had -- fire and honesty. Jane, I'm not some chore you have to finish so you can stay on schedule. Okay. Good night. Hello? I'll see you at the office. Good night. I've got my father coming through tomorrow anyway. I should get some sleep. No. That sounds more important. Let's forget about tonight. Not if you count 'Singing in the Rain.' Do him a favor and don't treat it like a tragedy. You want me to talk to him? I know. I taped it. Well, when? Where are you? It's not that it's hard. I just want you to give me a minute to catch up. Don't run off -- like everything's settled the minute you make up your mind. I'd like to know. I'll go along. That's not it. What? I don't remember saying anything like that -- exactly...I don't know why I just did. Because you're nuts. You just can't stop editing me. Huh? Why can't I let go of this woman? You okay? You're not going to take off on me, are you? Suppose I go in for a little while and you wait in the lobby-bar. How's that? Me! It's incredible who's here. Yeah. So what did you think? I like you as much as I can like anyone who thinks I'm an asshole. We can go together. Maybe I'll get off work. I'd like to go. No. Were you going to you? No. Are you going to the Correspondents' Dinner on Saturday? What pills did you take? You sound more like someone on a general anesthetic. Maybe I'd better speak to you tomorrow. It's not important. Yes. I'm not sure I dialed right -- Jane? If I tell you, can you manage not to put it down or tell me why it won't work or is in bad journalistic taste or anything like that? I just read about it in a magazine and it affected me. Believe me, I wouldn't be doing this unless it was absolutely necessary. I have an idea for something. I'm going to have to do a story from beginning to end on my own. Too many smart people in one room -- it's not healthy... Maybe we could just sit here -- talk a little? Do I have to stand here in the middle and meet them all? I'm not sure I'd be good company tonight. Jennifer, you want to have another drink? There's no gang in there -- We were the last ones. I didn't think you'd make it. I'll wait for you till seven. Jane? You have to celebrate with me, don't you? Everybody's going to that bar on the corner, 'Caps.' Indescribable -- you knew just when to feed me the next thing, just a split second before I needed it. There was a rhythm we got into, like great sex. You're an amazing woman. What a feeling having you inside my head. George Weln is at the Pentagon where the attack launched by the lone Libyan pilot has resulted in a massive movement of military might. Excited. You okay? You're great at taking the edge off a good time. At work there's always this sort of film over you. It's the firs time I've seen you dressed like this. You look so clean and pretty. Okay, billion...right, of course. They told me I could have any producer I wanted -- and I want you. The House Armed Service Committee has a secret report which says that the General Stillwell tank the Army has dumped a fortune into plain won't work. I have it cold, confirmed. They have five million dollars in this thing already. I've got another story. Ah, I don't want any credit. Bobbie and I serve anonymously. So he was indicted? Okay. Can I buy you dinner sometime soon? Hi. And it has nothing to do with the fact I left your room instead of staying there? You make me nervous. Anyway if I can pick your brain -- I thought you were incredible in there. I know how much I have to learn. I'd really -- a lot -- appreciate it...if... I can't believe I'm really here. No kidding. If you're through work now -- I'm sorry if I was in the way. It was totally impressive. Great piece. They said it would be okay if... Those audition tapes I sent out... I've been hired by your network for the Washington bureau. So I'll probably see you at work. Sorry. I never told you the reason I was telling you everything for. Whoa, this was a mistake. Uh-huh. One year...almost one year. But that didn't stop me from sending out audition tapes to bigger stations and the networks. I don't write. I didn't even have the chance to get really good at sports. I wasn't bad. I thought I was starting to do interesting features but hockey is big at the station and... Listen to me. You keep on thinking I'm somebody ho lacks...confidence. That's not it. I know I can talk well enough and I'm not bad at making contact with people, but I don't like the feeling that I'm pretending to be a reporter. And half the time I don't really get the news I'm talking about. It isn't that I'm down on myself. Trust me, I stink. Except I'm no good at what I'm being a success at. No, I really got this job on a fluke and wait till you hear where it ends up. Yes, sure. That actually goes on... Totally understood. Totally wrong of me to talk shop after the day you've had. Totally sorry. I haven't been in news that long. I've just been looking for the right person to talk to. I have about two thousand questions for you. I kept thinking what a great break it was for me to get to see you tonight. More than a great break, maybe just what I needed...just when I needed it...Angel of mercy -- godsend...lifesaver...what? I was a lot earlier. Well, they say if you can reach even one person, it means something... And you did that. I just wanted to tell you how great you were. My name's Tom Grunick. I'm not knocking it. It's a great solution. Not only the storage but you can see everything you have. Where's the bathroom? It would never occur to me to worry at all about you. This is my first time at the White House. Is there any chance to look at where he works and the rest of it? Look, I'm junior man -- and it's your beat. So he bought this Peugeot sedan at a greatly reduced price while he was there in charge of the White House Advance Team. ...that way we have someplace to go when we cut. And I just sit here, I nod my head and look nerdy. I just need you for another minute now, so we can shoot from behind towards me, and, um... Don't be silly. What are you sorry about? Are you okay? That's enough. That's enough.