This was your best race. I beat him, Papa. You did son. Come on, shower. We'll be there, Mr. Ben'sir, Jonathan come to help me. And how's the algebra?   Still giving you trouble? Just a little, Mr. Ben'sir. He's working hard, Mr. Ben'sir, and your money will not be wasted. Emily and me will always thank you. See you both later. U ya phi? (Where are you going?) Your children are starving and you are drinking. We demand freedom and our fathers are drunk. We ask you to boycott these beer halls. Revolution and drink don't work together! Since when do children talk like this to their fathers? They need thrashing. I wondered why he wasn't at school. Would it help if I came to see him? He's always seemed a good kid to me. She's having trouble with her boy. He won't come to school. Yes! Gordon!   What are you doing here? That's not why I'm complaining, Mister Ben, sir. If he did wrong, I'd beat him myself. But he didn't. He did nothing and they wouldn't listen. They wouldn't believe him. I'm sorry, Gordon.    But there must be a reason. He says he wasn't doing anything wrong, Mister Ben, sir. And I believe him, I know my son! It's an injustice! What about the court?    Didn't he state his case? What does he know about court? Before he knew, it was all over. I don't think there is anything we can do about it now. We can get a lawyer to appeal. A lawyer? That won't heal Jonathan's buttocks. I'll be out in a minute. You don't understand, Mister Ben, sir. I don't want him to have a police record. It will be there for  the rest of his life and make it  difficult for him to get a job in  the future. Don't worry, Gordon. I'm sure there'll be no record, it's such a minor case. Please don't worry. Johan, get some iodine from the cupboard. I'm not worried about the wounds. They'll heal in time, Mister Ben, sir. It's the wounds here. I worry about. Injustice... it festers. Rub it on the wounds and it will help. Jonathan has been caned, by the police. You all know why we are going to march. 'No to Bantu education' 'No to apartheid' 'Freedom Now'... There must be discipline. We start marching from here and we'll join up with the others at the main road. Please take care of the younger ones. Let's go. This is the last warning. Disperse immediately or I will take action. Wellington!   Wellington! Can I see where it's touching? It's the electricity. What has electricity to do with it? Today with the electricity they say: 'Darling let's not switch off the light.' Tell us, does your wife also wear thick glasses? You should know, she's your sister. Quiet!   Thulani! Thulani! They are killing our children and you are making jokes... They say hundreds of children have died and Soweto is burning. The white people, they will pay, and soon. Look, I've tried to help you. You're here too, sis Paulina, who are you looking for? We are all searching. He is our son... we must find him. I'll make more inquiries -- John Vorster Square -- the special branch -- but I don't hold out much hope. You're a lawyer, Julius! A black lawyer! Those Boers... the bastards'll kick him around till they lose him. When the boy was flogged he didn't help. Why should he help him now? They arrested many. They even deny they've got him. He's disappeared... Disappeared? He's a child -- why didn't you tell me? Okay!   I'll see what I can find out. Our gardener, yes. Probably nothing, but he's worried. ... And when was this? Ngubene -- Jonathan Ngubene. I'll get on to them straight away... Not at all -- I think better this time of morning -- after lunch, man, I'm a zombie. Sure -- let you know straight away -- love to, Susan... Cheers! Freda! Open an account... Du Toit. Benjamin Du Toit... Subject... Jonathan Ngubene. Thanks a lot, Dan... I'll tell Gordon. 'Bye. Mister Ben, sir. If it was me, all right. And if it was Emily, all right. We are not young. But he's out child. My time and your time, it's passing. But the time of our children is coming. And now if they kill our children -- if we let them -- what is it that we lived for? What can we do, Gordon? You or I... We can't change it. That day, Mr. Ben, sir, when they whipped Jonathan, you also said we can do nothing. But if we had... if someone heard what we had to say this would not have happened. It's a terrible thing, Gordon -- God knows I'm sorry. But you have other children to live for... I'll help them too with their schooling. How did he die, Mister Ben, sir? I told you, Gordon... He died on the day of the riots. That's what  they say. But I got to know for  certain. How can I have peace?   I must know how my son died and  where they buried him. Gordon.   The police -- if they've said... I don't care what they say. He is my child. God is my witness today: I cannot stop before I know what happened and where he lies. His body belongs to Emily and me. ... This business of Gordon's son. Be careful, Ben. These are not normal times -- one has to make allowances. Don't worry! I'm no crusader. I've known Gordon a long time, that's all. I understand -- it's your Christian duty to your neighbor. Something like that -- yes. Just don't get too close. Teachers must stay out of politics. Love to Susan! Look who's coming? It's baba! I want to know what happened to Jonathan. Isn't he out yet? I last saw him weeks ago. Jonathan is dead. I have to know how he died. And he was such a nice boy, well- mannered. The Rand Daily Mail always exaggerates. Looks quite attractive to me. '... Is only the latest in scores of black youths who have disappeared whilst in police custody.' What does she expect? They're out of control. Give then an inch and they take a hundred miles. It's in their nature. The only language they understand is force. Chris, Jonathan was fifteen, like me. Would you use force on me? You're not a terrorist. If you were -- like an increasing number of them, you'd deserve it. Look, every time you pick up the newspaper... My God, one hundred shot! They didn't have to kill them. And who would do the work? The work, who'd do it? 'On the second day of our detention at John Vorster Square we were taken to one of the top floors. We were ordered to undress and they started to beat us with fists and sjamboks. This for a long time.' 'On one day me and Jonathan...' '... We were asked questions for the whole day and night by Capt. Stolz and different policemen -- they never stopped. They tried to force us to say we were the leaders at our school, that we were working for the A.N.C. and got money from overseas. Capt. Stolz wanted to know the names of the students committee and where he can find Toni Mtimkulu -- Everytime they asked question, they beat us. It was bad beating.' 'We told them we had done nothing and didn't know about all the things they are asking us; on two occasion they put a wet bag over my head and I -- couldn't breathe -- I thought I was going to die. One day I heard Jonathan being beaten. He was screaming and crying, and then a noise like tables and chairs being knocked down, and Capt. Stolz shouting "you bastard, get up, do you hear me?" Ngubene, don't pretend here, get up." Then the next day I heard he had gone to hospital and I never saw him again.' Stay right where you are. On your feet! So, you must be Gordon Ngubene? We know each other, don't we? Gert, in daardie kammer. (Gert, that room) Jaimie, in die ander. (Jamie, the other room) Niks, Kaptein. (Nothing, Captain) Take the bastards away. That day, Mister Ben, sir, when they whipped Jonathan, you also said we can do nothing. God as my witness today: I must know what happened and where he lies. His body belongs to Emily and me. Jeezus -- Jeezus -- Jeezus Christ. Good night, Papa! Oh, Papa! Yes, son.   Go and get some sleep. I don't know.    I'm just tired, I suppose. I will, in a minute. I'll just put the thoughts of Standar Six away. They mustn't be lost to posterity. '... Seeking the whereabouts of a certain Jonathan Ngubene, regret to inform you we have no record of anyone of that name...' All right, time up! Hand in your test. What's happened, Emily? How's it? I'm Stanley! I heard about you! Don't worry too much, Emily, I'm sure Gordon will be home in a few days. Somebody will meet you on second floor. Come on you bloody black bastard. Who has been telling you lies? I'll be down immediately, Colonel. Well... to put it simply, Colonel... I'm always grateful for that. I thought there might have been some kind of misunderstanding I could help straighten out. I know him, Colonel. He works at my school. He's done work for me too. And you feel you know him enough to vouch for him. Yes, after so many years... 10 years. Gordon's not the type to get himself in trouble. He's an honest, hard-working, church- going man. Ha! You'd be surprised how many honest, decent, church-going men we come across during a working day. It's routine, Mr. Du Toit -- a routine enquiry. Cleaning up these townships we must leave no stone unturned. I appreciate that -- but Gordon would never... Not an easy task either -- the press screaming blue murder -- especially the English. And they'll be the first to squeal if the Reds took over, make no mistake. Rushing back overseas clutching their bloody British passports. Have you any idea what will happen here if we don't follow every lead? We have a duty -- obligation. You have your job -- we have ours. Colonel -- believe me, I'm with you all the way. But in this case -- I'm sure that in your worthy pursuit of the guilty you have, unwittingly, involved the innocent. After all, we're all human. We all make mistakes sometimes. We are indeed, Mr. Du Toit -- we are indeed. Though there's many who might need persuading as to that fact. Mr. Du Toit. While you're here, would you mind if I asked you a few questions about Ngubene? Colonel, I'd welcome it. Shall we start with his son? Jonathan. The eldest. Yes.   He died some time ago. What do you know about Gordon's activities since Jonathan's death? Nothing, Colonel. Did Gordon ever discuss the death with you? Of course he did -- he was upset. But he accepted the truth? He is a religious man... in the end he would have resigned himself to it. Come on, Colonel! If one of your kids died... ... and nobody would tell you how it happened or where his body is buried, wouldn't you be upset? We told him how his son died, Mr. Du Toit. You have a son, Mr. Du Toit? Does he burn and destroy -- everything he can lay his hands on?... No -- and neither does mine. That's what I can't understand... after everything the government does for them. Think about it, Mr. Du Toit. We're for you, not against you. I've never doubted it, Colonel. It's you who appear to be doubting me. These questions.   You're making me feel like a criminal. I'm sorry, Mr. Du Toit... I'm sorry. It's force of habit. Once a policeman, always a policeman, eh? ... As soon as we're satisfied he's innocent, he will be released. We know what we're doing, Mr. Du Toit. You want your wife and that boy of yours to sleep safe tonight, don't you? One last favor, Colonel? Fire away! Gordon's wife -- she's very worried. May she bring him some food and a change of clothes while he's still here? No problem!    Thank you for your help... Thank you.    I'll rely on you, then. Will you find your way out? I think so. And thanks.    I feel much happier now. Good! And give my regards to your father-in-law -- tell him we'll have a drink sometime -- maybe go to a game. I will.   Goodbye. Is the little bird singing yet? I'm working on it. Good. That's right, Suzette. But, only one detainee: 'Gordon!' That's right. Of course it is. I went down there, told them. They're looking into it. John Vorster Square. More wine?   Viviers? Mrs. Cloete? It's all right. Oh, it's you... hum... Stanley, isn't it? That's all right, darling. A Friday night, man! I'm no doctor, I'm not on standby all the bloody time. Can't they wait 'til Monday? Dan! I'm standing here with Gordon's clothing in my hand. It's bloodstained... There are broken teeth in the pocket. Monday may be too late! The lawyer has been banned. Do you mean Julius Nqakula? Too bad, he's a good lawyer. Why are you getting so involved, Ben? I'm just trying to help Gordon. ... You represented many cases, tell me, does this happen often? But Gordon's not political. Okay, Dan, I'm sorry for disturbing your weekend. He agrees to see you tomorrow and will apply to the supreme court for an interdict to stop any assaults on Gordon. And, we'll find out what's going on. You're all right, Lanie. Come on, sisi. Tomorrow it'll all be first-class again. I have a responsibility for the children. These are troubled times, Ben, we can't trust the natives any more. You have to be extra careful about any influences, Oom Ben. Even their churches are breeding grounds for all sorts of evil ideas. Gordon's not subversive and definitely not a Communist. Then he's got nothing to worry about! I'm not talking about the government! I believe in our government, damn it... Dominee? Nee Dankie. Sorry I'm late. Johnannes, the table. You're a heavy shitface. Too much mealie porridge! How do you feel today?   Ready to fly? Yes, Mister Ngubene, we know about this Wellington... and... ... We know about him... and him ... Now, we want the names of the others. And today you're going to tell us. Bloody woman. Water! 'Samson' is ready, Captain, shall I switch him on? Okay.   Gert! Hai! That was a small taste of 'Samson.' We have a whole day... What do you want? A letter for you, Captain. What are you bloody-well waiting for? No reply, Captain? Get out of here. Now about these affidavits who told you to collect them? The A.N.C.? Who recruited you? I don't know anything about the You've had your chance.    Now you're going to shit. Reg gert. (Okay, Gert) Hai!   Hai!   Hai! God created the whole human race so that they could occupy the entire earth. He decreed how long each nation should flourish, and what the boundaries of each territory should be. Our task is to preserve that creative diversity. Brothers and sisters, like our forebears, the Voortrekkers, who trekked into the wilderness preserve the Afrikanere way of life given to them by God. Today, we also live in times of great danger. Let not fear overcome you! Cling to the ways of justice and truth preserved by our leaders. So shall God be honored... ... So shall the Afrikaner people flourish. What's happening -- it's something I've never had to face -- deal with -- before. Be patient with me... When Gordon is free you'll have me all to yourself again... promise. Papa. Stanley's here, Papa. Gordon's dead. The bastards say he committed suicide... hanged himself. Suicide... is that what they told Emily -- poor woman... They didn't tell her. She heard it on the radio like the rest of us. I contacted Lewinson immediately. He then rung the police to ask why Emily wasn't informed. Would you believe it, they said they were sorry, and they didn't know where to contact her. God! I never thought Gordon could commit suicide. Did you understand me? I said, they said he committed suicide. How do we know? Gordon wasn't a coward. Yes, but... What do you mean 'but'? What about Timol who they said had jumped from a top-floor window? What about Ngudle? What about Mosala? Joyi? Malele? They all died in that John Vorster Square. All suicide, eh? Anything I can do to help? He's got brothers. Brothers? I'm his brother, man, we all are! We'll take care of everything. That's the African way. Stanley, I'd like to see Gordon. Don't look for trouble, man. You know there are riots all over Soweto. You're out of it. Why don't you stay out? Don't you understand?   I've got to go. You got to go? Of course, Lanie... the last farewell. But we have to be careful. We expected it. How can you talk like that!? A guy gets picked up by the S.B... he's part of history, man. You mean you had no hope, you didn't believe he'd be released? Hope's a white word, Lanie... It's not hope we need. Well, thank God Emily has you to lean on, Stanley. Emily is like my sister... We go back many years. Do you belong to the xhosa tribe too? I am an African. That's all! Comprende? I am an African too! I was fourteen before I wore shoes -- except for church... I grew up on a plaas miles from any town... watching sheep and... Bullshit! Next you'll have me believing we grew up in the same country, same laws, same freedom, same everything! We are now about to leave the white jungle and entering the land of love and glory. So this is Soweto. Land of love and glory, Lanie! But watch out for the police and army. They're patrolling all the time. Hurry up, Lanie. No sweets today. I'm sorry, babies. What are your thoughts now? What do you mean? Come on. I know you came to see the body. What do you think now? I... I cannot think.   I'm confused. You either believe what you saw or maybe you still prefer the government version. For Christ sake, just get off my back, Stanley. Okay.   It was a simple question. You know, Lanie, when you run a taxi, especially a pirate taxi like me, you have eyes and ears everywhere. Even when a policeman farts in his bed you know. People want a reference book, a permit to stay in Soweto, a house, anything, we taxi drivers know the routes. I'll tell you something... Dr. Hassiem has been picked up. Dr. Hassiem is the doctor we got to represent Emily at Gordon's autopsy. We wanted the truth. He would have testified.   Bloody hell! A smart move by your Boer brothers. They have silenced Hassiem. His report has to be important. We can only use what we have. Therefore, Lewinson must get a very good advocate. If only we could get   hold of this Hassiem's report. What's the use? It's one big game and we blacks are merely spectators. Hey Lanie, can one be a spectator as he's being kicked around? It's not a question of being spectators. The courts are impartial, the law is what matters. That's what you all say. I have to move man. Your neighbors! Now, be careful. They will put their marks on you! Who? You'll find out! In case you need me. Don't give your name -- just say 'Lanie' phoned -- right? Now tomorrow at ten... Sharp! At our smart liberal friend's office, yeh! Good night. I went to Soweto and saw Gordon's body. They have lied to me, my own people -- they killed him! I saw the body. Facts? There's a doctor who participated at the autopsy.   A Doctor Hassiem and he... It was in the five o'clock news, Papa. That's him, he represented Emily at the autopsy. Can I have a drink? You always know what I need. The funeral is over. I order everyone to go home. This is not a political rally. I repeat, disperse. How are you, Emily? Mfundisi... (priest) ... Sisi! (sister) I didn't mean to disturb you. I've come to talk to you. You have to understand what's happening to our children today, they're like wasps when you burn their nest. Emily, I have really come to assure you that I will do all I can to help you find out what really happened to Jonathan and your husband -- we cannot bring them back to life, but we can make sure that this sort of thing won't ever happen again. You mean well, sir, but it's better to forgive. If we keep the pain alive then hate and bitterness will remain with us. The air must be cleared.   So we can breathe again. The air can only be cleared if we forget about yesterday's thunder. You must understand for us, suicide is a coward's way out, how do they say, it's a 'cop out.' Gordon wasn't a coward and we'll prove that. We have a very good advocate for the inquest. His name is De Villiers. I have confidence in him and the truth will come out. Those people who did it are sinful people who don't know what they're doing. We must help them. That's the only way. They need our help, not hate, but love. I pity them and I ask the Lord to help me so I can learn to love them. If that's what you preach in your church you will soon be starving. Aren't you afraid sis Emily? Emily, Stanley and I will do all we can. As I said we have a good advocate. Everyone involved with Gordon's death will be questioned and all that's known regarding what happened in John Vorster Square will come out. Lawyers ask questions. I'm pleased I came. Wait, let me check the situation. Take it easy. It's okey, dokey, but hurry. Do I... Yes, on the floor man. Sure 'bra' Stanley. Take it easy. Are we still in Soweto? Why don't you look for yourself? What the hell are you playing at? Precautions, Lanie. Don't call me Lanie!   What does that mean anyway? You will not understand, Lanie. You are sure about the hanging? This pressure on the neck, could it also have been exerted in other ways? It could, but it is not for me to speculate. Of course not, Doctor. The list of injuries found on the body was horrifyingly long; bruises, swellings, abrasions, broken rib, lacerations, etc. How long before death do you estimate he received these injuries? I couldn't say exactly. Some were fourteen to twenty days old, others three to four days and others even more recent. Even more recent. I see. I understand you had a Dr. Hassiem present at the autopsy. That's correct. There were two reports, ours and his. Did they tally? Yes, it was.   In most respects. Isn't it normal practice to have one report? Why did Dr. Hassiem decide to draw up a separate report? If he really co-signed yours. That's for him to answer! I would very much like to, Dr. Jansen, but he's been detained -- you know of course that he represented the Ngubene family. Thank you. Dr. Herzog, did you examine the deceased? Yes, one day Captain Stolz called me in. The man had toothache. That's all? As far as I could tell -- yes. You didn't examine him thoroughly? Why should I? The man was perfectly healthy, just complaining of toothache. I extracted three decayed teeth, and gave him aspirin for the pain... that's all. Did the captain or anyone else assist you during the examination? I... I cannot remember. Dr. Herzog, tell us. Have you been intimidated by the Security Police or did you deliberately cooperate with them in playing their disgusting little game of hide-and-seek? I protest, Your Worship. Advocate De Villiers, will you refrain from insinuations? Thank you, Doctor Herzog... I'm sure Gordon Ngubene was extremely grateful! Advocate Louw? Thank you, Your Worship. I'd like to call Captain Stolz. You're a police officer stationed at John Vorster Square? That's right, Your Worship. You arrested Gordon Ngubene. Could you describe what happened? Acting on information we had received, I went to the house of the deceased, accompanied by Lieutenant Venter, Lieutenant Botha, and three native members of the security force. This was about 10 P.M. I informed Ngubene that he was under arrest under Article 6 of the Terrorism Act. He then became violent and resisted arrest. A certain force had to be applied to restrain him. We found several incriminating documents. These pointed to his involvement with the A.N.C. and activities endangering the security of the state. Thank you, Your Worship. Captain Stolz, you said you treated the deceased always with courtesy and correctness, then how do you account for the injuries found on the body? Sometimes detainees deliberately injure themselves for propaganda purposes. You say he tried to jump out of the open window... Are there no bars to prevent such an act? They had been removed for repair. And why did he wish to jump out? Because you were torturing him? He wasn't tortured. Perhaps it was the toothache then. You said you seized incriminating documents at the deceased's home; can you produce them to see how subversive he was? Those documents cannot be introduced as evidence, Your Worship, in view of the fact that state security is involved. I put it to you, Captain -- that the only subversive activities the deceased had been involved in were his efforts to establish what happened to his son, Jonathan, allegedly shot during a riot, although several witnesses are prepared to testify that he died in detention one month later. I protest... This would support my case that an innocent man has died in your hands under highly questionable circumstances. If it please Your Worship... this unwarranted slur on the integrity of the special branch is unacceptable... and based, I may say, on allegations which are in any case irrelevant to the present inquest. If the police are really interested in retaining an unsullied reputation, they should not object to the real facts being presented. Thank you, Captain. The real facts are being presented -- as the following affadivits prove. They are all by detainees -- who testify that they had all seen the deceased intermittently from the time of his detention -- to the time of his death -- and on all occasions he was in good health. I trust the signatories of these ... documents... are available to corroborate their evidence in person. Mr. Archibald, when did you first meet Gordon Ngubene? I never saw Gordon Ngubene. Are you saying that you didn't sign this statement? ... I never met Mr. Ngubene... they forced me to sign. Captain Stolz, he hit me many times with a rubber hose... he said he would kill me 'less I signed... this... this is what he did to me. Thank you, Mr. Archibald. Advocate Louw? No thank you, Your Worship. May we put up the second signatory? Your Worship -- the other three signatories cannot appear for reasons of state security. Your Worship, I'd like to recall Captain Stolz. Captain, you're still under oath -- you took Archibald's statement. Was it voluntary? I'm sure you'll say it was, then how did he come by the injuries on his back? He fell down the stairs a few days ago. Fell down the stairs. You should do something about those stairs, Captain, so many people fall on them. Thank you. Your Worship, may I be excused? I have to escort detainee Archibal back to John Vorster Square. You may, Captain, and thank you. I think this's a good moment to adjourn -- we'll reconvene at two thirty. De Villiers is making mincemeat of them. He's very good. His cross- examination has got them rattled. It's obvious to anybody! The evidence is clear! Did you see Archibal's back? He didn't have to tell the truth. That's what Stolz is saying to him right now in his torture room. When your husband's clothes were given to you, in what condition were they? Now Mrs. Ngubene, you have seen the note that's said to have been written by your husband. Do you recognize the writing? Thank you, Mrs. Ngubene. Advocte Louw? Will you take the woman out? I'd like to call my last witness. Grace Nkosi. Were you ever detained? For how long? Can you tell us what happened to you during that time? Thank you, Miss Grace. That's all, Your Worship. You made that up. Say you made it up. We shall adjourn until tomorrow morning. I'll hear the arguments and give the verdict. I wish to thank both advocates for conducting this case without rancour and in the best traditions of the South African legal profession. I have listened to all the evidence and the arguments. To begin with I have to say that there was no conclusive evidence offered to prove beyond doubt that members of the Security Police had been guilty of assault or any irregular conduct on the deceased. There were indications that Ngubene was aggressive and on more than one occasion had to be restrained with force. There was sufficient evidence to conclude that death had been caused by a trauma following pressure applied to the neck, consistent with hanging. Consequently, I find that Gordon Ngubene committed suicide by hanging himself and that on available evidence his death cannot be attributed to any act or omission or amounting to a criminal offense on the part of any person. Don't worry, man. There's another day! I'm sorry, Emily. 'Mister Du Toit, how do you know Mrs. Ngubene?' 'Mister Du Toit, can you answer, is it true, he was a terrorist?' Mister Du Toit, what do you think of the verdict? Do you believe the police? Hang on, Melanie, I'm coming with you. My car is over there. Obviously of the Rand Daily Mail. I read your article about Jonathan. You do? I remember. The mortuary in Soweto... ... The ambiguous Stanley. He couldn't have given you a glowing report of me. I'm sorry, but where are we going? Mrs. Bruwer, I'm not... I really must go home. How long have you lived here? Is that you, Melanie? Does anyone have a friend nowadays? Do you like bees? I have nothing against them. You shut up. Let me tell you about bees, and for that matter ants: a bee has a completely altruistic sense of purpose -- based on the common good. A course from which he cannot be deflected. Greed, ambition, they mean nothing to him. He lives solely to serve his fellow bee. There's the rub, my girl. There's the rub. One of these days I'll ask the bees. I'm sure they have the answer. Now, you two run along! I've been peeing too much this morning. I thought they were German? Please, call me Ben. Why do you ask? Can you understand it? Tell me, Miss Bruwer... Tell me, do you believe in the notion of justice? What use is a system if justice does not apply to all situations? That's a tall order: 'know injustice... know the enemy.' it seems I have a long haul ahead of me. Thank you, darling. They killed Gordon -- first they kill Jonathan, and then him. How can they get away with it? I'm not so sure about that, Susan! Soweto! More meneer Van de Merwe. (Morning Mister Van de Merwe.) Our boys gave the Eastern province a thrashing. Is anything wrong? And a packet of tobacco and pipe cleaners. See you tomorrow. How's that, Suzette? "EMILY NGUBENE, wife of native who died in detention, comforted by a friend of family, Mr. BEN DU TOIT." Now listen... What's everybody yelling about? Do you really think I specially arranged for the photographers to take that picture? And what's more it's distorted. Suzette, pull yourself together! Suzette! What's Papa done, anyway? If something happened to him, wouldn't you be upset? That goes without saying. There must be easier ways of getting your name in the paper. Who?... I don't know you and have nothing to say to you... No thank you for your advice! It's you, Viviers... I appreciate it... of course... Not yet... Any thank you. Tot siens. Morning, Mr. Cloete...   I'd like to say... ... Mr. Cloete, may I ask what on earth has the picture to do with politics?... I'm sorry Mr. Cloete, I have to go. Isn't it presumptuous to pretend we can speak for someone else? Have you no faith in your fellow men, Dominee? Don't you love your neighbor? Wait a minute, instead of criticizing blindly, don't you think we have reason to be proud of the judiciary we have?  suppose this had been Russia; what do you think would have happened then? What's the use of reaching a court when a handful of people have all the power to decide what is going to be said in that court and by whom? The one man they allowed to speak for himself, that young Archibald Chigorimbo, didn't he immediately deny everything they forced him to say in his statement? And the girl who spoke of her own torture? That did not refer to our situation in this South Africa. Do you know what I believe in, Dominee, that once in one's life, just once, one should have enough faith in something to risk everything for it. One can gain the world and still lose one's soul. Tea must be ready. I thought I had warned you about involving yourself with Kaffirs. Obviously you didn't heed my advice.  That's all I have to say for now. Viviers. Good afternoon, Professor. Melanie isn't home. You are... Ben Du Toit. You have a nice vegetable garden. You mean the area or the produce? Both.   What plants are these? What's the world coming to? It's herbs, can't you see? Thyme there, oregano over there, feunel next to the tomatoes, sage here and rosemary somewhere. Poor plants, they re not in their ideal soil or climate. Next time, I'll bring some soil from the mountain of Zeus. Perhaps the old man's holiness will do the trick. Come, you are just the person to sample my greengage wine. I don't suppose you've ever tasted it? I'm sure I'm the only person in the country making greengage wine. The first bottle this year, and you don't have to tell me if you like it or not. Tell me, did you ever study philosophy? Not really.   I've read a few books. Not bad, in fact quite good. Now where was I... Oh, I was going to say after decades of philosophy, I find myself being forced back to the earth. Do you know, Ben, we're all living in the spell of abstractions. Hitler, apartheid, the great American dream, the lot? What about Jesus? Misunderstood. You don't have to finish it. It's quite nice. Melanie has told me a little about you. It's not an easy road you have chosen. I feel I have no choice. Of course you have a choice. Damn it. One always has a choice. Only thank God you made the choice you did. But all I want to say is, keep your eyes open, young man. That's encouraging. We are both Boers, Ben. We know how hard our people worked to get a toehold on this land; it was a good life. Now look at the mess. It's all systems and no God! Sooner or later people start believing in their way of life as an absolute: unmutable, fundamental, a precondition. Saw it, with my own eyes in Germany, a nation running after an idea. Sieg heil, sieg heil. I left there thirty years ago because I couldn't take it any longer. And now I see it happening in my own country, step by step. Terrifyingly predictable. This sickness of the great abstraction. What you say is very interesting and important. Take for example the way the government is handling the electorate; like a bloody donkey. Carrot in front and kick at the backside. The carrot is apartheid, Dogma. The kick is quite simply, fear. Black peril, red peril, whatever name you want to give it. Fear can be a wonderful ally, Ben. I talk too much, I always do with younger people, they don't fall asleep to me. We Afrikaners have to stop to turn a blind eye and look around us and at ourselves. You are right. We still have time. History should teach us about those who regarded themselves as the chosen people. Professor Bruwer, may I say I have needed to hear somebody say some of the things you said. I still have hope for our country. If you lose that you have lost everything. I'll get back to the earth. Thank you. I'll tell that hot-head daughter of mine that you came to see her. There is absolutely no doubt that they were killed in custody. Those responsible must be punished, whoever they are, or whatever their rank. The problem is laying our hands on them. Tell me, Dan, we lost at the inquest, what next? The family can file a civil claim. What does that entail? To put it briefly, it means we have to have witnesses, affidavits and any information relating to the arrest and death of Gordon. We also need similar information on Jonathan. You see Ben, for example, Stolz figures in both cases. That's one link at least. I know what I have to do. Why?   You didn't write it. No. A distorted photograph and a few poisoned words and meneer Du Toit is a leper. That's why I called on you the other day, I needed to talk to somebody rational. You are an Afrikaner too, and your articles, in a liberal English paper? What kind of loyalty? Blind loyalty. Until the deaths of Jonathan and Gordon, I gave all the loyalty I could give, laager loyalty. You know, Melanie, we Afrikaners have always lived in our laager, we have not seen what's beyond the mountains. We carry on.   There has to be justice. We lost at the inquest, so we pursue them in a civil action.    I consulted the attorney Dan Lewinson. Mr. Du Toit, if you knew what we're working with every day of our lives, and what we're up against, you would understand why we have to be so thorough. However you go about it. I can understand you're upset about having your house searched ... but... I wasn't thinking about myself. What are you talking about then, Mr. Du Toit? My thoughts, Captain, I'm sure, are an open book to you. An interesting book -- Picasso -- Not one I'm familiar with. Not on your list of banned books, Captain? Mr. Du Toit. If you're keeping anything from us, we can turn this whole house upside down if we want to. We have all the time in the world. Why don't you go upstairs? I'm afraid she has to stay where we can see her -- in case she wanted to warn someone. Roast beef, I hope it's like your mother's. She insisted we start early. Where is Ben? In the study. I'll get him. Have you put on weight, Susan? Sorry.   Didn't hear you arrive. How are you, Ben? Fine. And how are you, Ma? Why doesn't everyone sit down? I'm getting tired of the trek to Cape Town and then back to Pretoria. If I had my way, Parliament and government would be in the same city. There's nothing wrong with Pretoria. I thought you'd prefer Cape Town; the sea and Table Mountain. That's for   holidays. Anyway, Ben, one of the   reasons for this visit was that I   wanted to have a discussion   with you. What about? It's that photograph in the papers. Ben, a thing like that could be an embarrassment for someone who is a member of Parliament. It's a grievous day when one's family's behavior comes between him and his duty to the fatherland. Are you blaming me for trying to help those people? I've been doing that all my life, be they black or white. But no member of our family has been seen with a Kaffir woman before, Ben. I am glad you mentioned it, Father. Because I'd like to discuss the whole thing with you. First, there's the matter of Gordon Ngubene himself. What about him? I thought the case was closed. It's exactly what I said, Father, when Jonathan first got into trouble. Of course, they have good reasons: hushing up how Gordon died and how his son died! Ben, how could you side with the enemies of your people? You mean you're prepared to sit back and allow an injustice to be done. It's you, Ben, who talk about injustice? A man who teaches history at school? Did you forget what our people have suffered under the English oppressors? Now that we have at along last come to power in our own land. Now we're free to do to others what they used to do to us. What will you do if you were a black man in this country today, Father? Don't you realize what the government is doing for the blacks? It's a slow process, Ben. One of these days the whole bloody lot of them will be free and independent in their own parts of the land, the bantoustans -- what can be more just than that? But they're not ready yet. We have nothing to be ashamed of before the eyes of the world, my boy. We don't? I'm not sure we're going to survive. Don't underestimate us, Ben.    Our power of survival. We are Afrikaners! African time. I'm sorry. Doesn't matter, Lanie -- as long we are on time for the revolution. The special branch searched my house four days ago. The S.B. searches your house? Did they take anything? A few journals, letters -- nothing much. Just wanted to scare me, that's all. Don't be so sure. They may think you're onto something big. They're not that stupid. 'Lanie' -- don't you believe it -- nothing's as stupid as the old S.B. If they decide it's a bomb they're looking for, you can shove a turd in their face and they'll swear to God it's a bomb. And did they? What? Scare you? No.   They tried too hard. Hallelujah! Shake, man. Join the club. On your knees, everyone, prayers time. Hey man, you should have been a mfundisi holiness oozer... Okay, Stanley. It's stupid, but one is forced to do these things. I'm Julius Nqakula... I'm banned and also under house arrest. That's why I have this ridiculous garb on. I understand. He's one of the most solid lawyers we have; they've immobilized him, that's the right word isn't it? Stanley has told me about you. I appreciate the risk you are taking by coming here to meet me. I was reading the notes Gordon smuggled out of John Vorster Square... May I have a glance at them? 'My dear wife. I am still in these conditions... worse... and too much pain. They don't want to believe me. You must try to help me. They won't stop. You must care for the children. I don't know anymore if I will come home alive. They're very -- -- but God will provide. I love you and I miss you very much. Try to help me because...' When did you get the letters? But, Emily, why didn't you tell me long ago? Emily, I have to meet the man. He has to be persuaded.   He is very important to us. You mean Dr. Hassiem. How are you going to do that? You know of course that he is detained. I know, with luck they may release him. But, Emily, this man is important, please try to tell him we will protect his identity. No one will know. Nothing will be done without his approval. I only want to talk to him. Why don't you leave it to Stanley and I? What do you say, Stanley? May I call you Julius, I'm not very good with some African names. Nqakula, that's a hell of a name. Please call me Julius. This case must be reopened and we must win. We have to dig up everything. We need your cooperation, Julius. Where do I start? Don't forget my restrictions. They did not ban you so you could sit on your backside and have a Soweto holiday. You could help with the affidavits. Lewinson the lawyer has stressed their importance. We know each other. He's a good lawyer for this kind of case. Of course I'll do what I can. My commitment forces me. I'm glad. How   are you planning to safeguard the   documents? Stanley told me you   have already had a said by the   S.B. I wouldn't worry.    I have a secure place. Let's hope so. Not for me, Sis -- too strong for me. No whisky? Tea then... ... and God forgive me -- Yes.   I know. Does it worry you? Don't stop, Dad. You mustn't give up now! ... And on the morning of the autopsy, as I was cleaning the mortuary, Captain Stolz gave me a bundle of Ngubene's and ordered me to burn them. Papa!    Papa! It's okay, son... we're all right. Everything's okay! What's happened? It's okay, stay there, please!! They were trying to scare us, that's all. Now you must be exaggerating, Mr. Du Toit. My house has been searched. My phone is tapped. My mail is opened. And last night three shots were fired through my window -- close to killing my wife. Mr. Du Toit, if shots were fired into your premises, we will investigate. All I want to know, Colonel, is why don't you leave me in peace? Now wait, wait a minute, Mr. Du Toit, you're not trying to blame me? Tell me, Colonel, why is it so important to you people to stop my enquiries about Gordon Ngubene? Is that what you are doing? Well, now. If you possess any information that may be of use to us, I trust you won't hesitate to discuss it with me. Because if there are facts you are deliberately hiding from us, Mr. Du Toit -- If you give us reason to believe that you may be involved in activities that may be dangerous to both yourself and us -- then I can foresee some problems. Is that a threat, Colonel? Let's call it a warning. A friendly warning. For God's sake, open your eyes, Mr. Du Toit! Don't you see you're being used! By the Communists, I suppose. Goodbye, Colonel. I'm sure. And this is Johnson Seroke.    The man of the letters. Johnson. A beer would be nice. You know they call this place Vrededorp, but we baptize it Malay Camp. Your first time in Malay Camp, Lanie? I've driven through here many times. The main road, eh? Sure, Sadie. And thank you. Can I help myself to another beer? Okay, Sadie. That woman can die for you. We mustn't be long, Johnson has to be back on duty. Alright, let's get on with it. Stanley tells me, you work at John Vorster Square. I had no choice, they transferred me there. Yet you smuggled out letters to Emily? What do you do if a man asks you, and he's in trouble? If they find out he'd be in very big trouble. I know that. Tell me, what do you know about Gordon? Very little. You did talk to him from time to time? He gave me the letters. When was the last time you saw him? Just before he died. Did you attend any of the interrogations? No. I'm not a member of the Special Branch. But once I had to deliver a letter to Capt. Stolz, Gordon was there. How were they interrogating him? It's okay.   Tell him what you told me. What? They were using the pole. The pole, what's that? They handcuff you and manacle your feet then they put a pole between your arms and the back of your knees. Then you're like a chicken ready for the oven. They hang you between two tables. Then they do what they like with you. The S.B. call it the aeroplane. Lieutenant Venter and a black S.B. You are sure? He's sure. It's very interesting. When was the last time you saw him? I saw them take the body away to the cells. He was limp. You did! Johnson, why do you stay with the police? You don't really belong there. They must never know I told you anything. Right? I understand.    I promise. This is strictly between the three of us. Don't worry, man. Take it easy. A beer, Lanie? No, thank you. You know, Stanley, after what happened the other night I was about to give this whole thing up. What happened, man? My wife nearly got killed. Three shots were fired into the house. What right have I to expose my family to harassment and actual physical danger? That's what I asked myself. Three bloody shots and you crawl on your hands and knees to people like Stolz, and say 'I give up.' What is the beginning for you is a version of what we suffer all our bloody life. Shit, I thought you had more guts than this, man! I didn't say I'm giving up. But you thought about it. Johnson has revived my determination. It's a hell of a time, Lanie, but we'll survive. You and me. I tell you! You think we may still win in the end, Stanley? Of course not, Lanie -- but we needn't lose either -- what matters is to stick around. By the way, man, I'm off on a trip -- Botswana -- thought I'd tell you in case you get worried. Why are you going there? Business. Tell you next week. Now for the bad news I've been saving to the last. Julius has been arrested. He broke his banning order and visited his sister. You know what that means? At least a year's imprisonment. A year in jail just for visiting his sister? That's the chance he took. And he'll be the last to complain. Don't you think the real reason for this arrest was that they found out he was helping us? So what? Lanie, you're not getting guilt complexes now, are you? That's a luxury only liberals can afford. Julius will be back, man. All refreshed by a spell in the deep-freeze. How can we shrug off a man we've been working with? Who said we're shrugging him off? Best way of remembering a man, Lanie, is to carry on fighting. About what? Oh.   He must have been young. Go on. And then you became a journalist? She's a widow, man. That's what happens in Soweto when a woman loses her man. They throw her out of the house and out of the city. Zululand! The whole thing smells of being an excuse to send her hundreds of miles from the case. And how will they live there?... Shit! I was about to find her a place, but I had to go to look for Robert. So, that's why you went to Botswana for. Sis Emily asked me but it was no use. His mind was made up. He was going to join Wellington in Zambia. Couldn't you stop him?   He's a little boy, Stanley! He'll be back in a few years.     And he won't be throwing stones! Traitors like you are threatening centuries of Afrikaner sacrifice. That last remark was slanderous -- I'm simply being faithful to the truth. Slanderous? My God, man, you slander a whole people. You have given me no alternative. I have to abide by the regulations of the Department of Education -- so I have made my report. And there will have to be a formal inquiry. But until such time... It won't be necessary, Mr. Cloete. I'll send you my resignation. Thank you for making things much easier. And it would be better if Johan left too. Are you serious? He's a Kaffir-lover too, isn't he? 'Lanie'... compliments of the season, old mate. Stanley.   What are you doing here? Who's this Kaffir, Ben? Why don't you tell the Boer who this Kaffir is? Shut up, Stanley. That's all right. I'll... A Kaffir calling me a Boer? Ben, did you hear that?   Call the police, Ben! Please, go to the table. Stanley, wait outside. Who are these people, anyway? Stanley, this is still my house. Let me throw him out. Let him try, leave him, Lanie. Please leave me with him.   I'll explain everything later. Nothing has changed in this house. Mother, let's go! Let's leave this house. I've been sworn at by a Kaffir and Ben protects him. Right. Dead right. Put the Kaffir in his place. Bloody hell! Stanley, what's wrong with you? Emily is dead. Emily dead?   How?   When? What happened, Stanley?      Oh, my God. Please tell me. A broken heart. All they said. God. That's the main reason for coming here tonight. Melanie, I need your help. Without Emily, we can't pursue our civil suit. The only thing left open to us is to expose them through the press, and the media here and abroad. You know, Melanie, I'm discovering that the enemy is not in Soweto. The enemy is ourselves. Our bigotry, our laws, our system. We have our own fight and it's just beginning. Now, before going to the press, I have to have all the documents. I must have two vital affidavits; Dr. Hassiem's, he's detained and Jonathan's friend, Wellington has fled to Zambia. Could you? That would be very useful. Please. Melanie.   Be careful. Do be careful. I wouldn't want you hurt. And hurry back. I can't dance. Then don't. Suzette... Thanks.   I'm glad you understand. You don't have to worry.   They'll never find them. Dr. Hassiem? I'm Ben Du Toit. I'm a friend of Gordon Ngubene's... The inquest is over, Mr. Du Toit. Not for me, Doctor. I've got to know what happened to Gordon. I only came home yesterday. After three months in detention and now I'm banned and confined to the house. There's nothing I can do for you. I know it may be painful to you, Doctor, but I need to talk to you. How can I be sure you weren't actually sent by them? Ask Emily. Doctor, we are in the process of filing a civil claim. And your help is vital. Thank you for inviting me in. What do you want to know? Just one thing, Doctor. Why did you sign the State Pathologist's report on the autopsy if you drew up your own report as well? What makes you think I signed Dr. Jansen's report. The report produced in court had both your signatures on it. Impossible. What did you write in your report? Dr. Jansen and I didn't disagree on the facts. After all we examined the same body in the same time. But just on the interpretation. For example, if Gordon, had really been hanged, the marks on his throat would have been concentrated on the front. But in this case, the bruises were more obvious on the sides. Something else really upset me, perhaps it isn't important. What was it? You see, through a misunderstanding I arrived at the morgue too early for the autopsy. There wasn't a soul around except a young African attendant. When I told him I'd come for the autopsy, he let me in. The body was on the table dressed. I noticed blood on the clothes. And then? As I examined the clothes more closely, a police-officer came in and said I wasn't allowed in the morgue before Dr. Jansen arrived. When I returned with Dr. Jansen, half an hour later, the body was naked. Doctor, we've already got the African attendant's affidavit. He testified that Capt. Stolz ordered him to burn the clothes. Did you mention what you said in your report? Of course.   I found it most odd. Doctor Hassiem would you be prepared to put that in writing? Please excuse me for a minute. This is my report. I only have one copy. You have a copy of the report? I know how to hide things from the S.B., Mr. Du Toit. I hope you have as secure a place as I have. I think so. Take a pew, man. We have it, Stanley! Have what? Hassiem's report. You know what that means, Stanley? Melanie arrives in two days. We'll have all the evidence. Everything is in place. We'll get them yet, especially Stolz. That's fantastic, man. God!   It's Johnson Seroke. Late at night. A knock on the door. He opened and five shots, point-blank range. Face, chest, stomach. 'A police spokesman when questioned said: "It's not the first time that a black member of the police has lost his life in the service of his country, fighting terrorism." Bloody bastards! They killed him. Stolz must have thought he knew too much. What's the score? The nurse is detained; the mortuary attendant has disappeared; the police van driver who brought Jonathan to hospital is detained. Julius is in jail, and now Johnson dead. Who's next on their secret list, I wonder? How much longer must the list grow of those who pay the price of our efforts to clear Gordon's name. Hey! Are you going soft, Lanie? We must keep going even more so now. And for every bloke who's going to die of bloody natural causes in their hands. And for our children's future. I know. If I can no longer believe that right is on my side, if I can no longer believe in imperative to go on, what will become of me, Stanley? We're all made of flesh and blood, Mr. Du Toit -- we've all got our flaws. And if a man likes to sample the grass on the other side of the fence, well, that's his own business. But it would be unpleasant if people found out about it, especially if he's a teacher. You mean, if I cooperate, if I stop digging, embarrassing you, threatening you... these photographs will disappear. Let's just say I may be able to use my influence to make sure that a private indiscretion isn't used against you. Suppose I refuse? Is this your son? Johan, leave us alone, please. Don't you think this business has gone long enough? That's for you people to decide. Isn't it? I won't be blackmailed, Captain -- not even by you. Mind if I smoke? Now be honest. Has all the evidence you've been collecting in connection with Gordon Ngubene brought you closer to the truth you are looking for? Yes, I think so and there's more to come. I really hoped we could talk man-to-man. It's not possible, Captain.    Not between you and me. It's high time, Mr. Du Toit, we allowed the dead to rest in peace. I'm offering you a chance. You mean my very last chance? One never knows. It may not be important to you, but we have to survive. If we can only survive through murder and torture, then we have forfeited our right to exist. Is that your final answer? Before you go. I'll tell this, Captain. I have a pretty good idea of what I will eventually uncover. I mean the truth. And I won't allow anyone or anything to come between me and that truth. Here's my card -- my private line. If you should change your mind... Let's say before the end of the week? Goodbye, Captain, and don't forgt the photograph. Be careful, Mr. Du Toit. There are people who can make things very difficult for you. They are wasting their time. They just can't hurt me anymore. I trust you'll give them the message, Captain. A brandy, Papa? A gin and tonic would be fine. Is there any other exit, Papa? No. They have to collect their luggage and pass through customs. Maybe she can't find her bag. That's possble. Afternoon, Meneer Du Toit.   Johan, isn't it? What now, Captain? Word came to me that you were asking after your very good friend, Miss Bruwer. You know, subersives come in all guises and can be very resourceful. Now let's take your friend, she has been using her privilege as a journalist to endanger the security of this country. But you know something else? She has been secretly holding a British passport. A South African passport and a British pasport. Now you tell me, where is her patriotism? Her allegiance? The minister telexed to the immigration officers here declaring her an undesirable immigrant. So she is being put on the first available plane to London. This must be heart- breaking for you. Good afternoon, Meneer Du Toit, Johan. Let's go home, Johan. I don't understand, Papa... I'll explain later. I took it out. Hide it in my secret place. Thank you, son. You did a man's job. Somebody has dropped it through the door. I'm nearly ready, Papa. Wellington's affidavit! Good old Melanie! Meneer du Toit, tonight we're coming to kill you. What's happened, man? It's you. It was a bomb. And the papers? Don't worry. Safe. Thanks to Johan. Incidentally, I have Wellington's affidavit. Melanie found him. She's being deported. The official reason is that she possessed a British passport. I don't know how she managed to smuggle the envelope to me. Man, it's all happening! Like a joint? No, thanks. What's so funny? They drop the bomb on you! How are you, Suzette? Would you like a drink? I know. Look after them. I see you got the goodies. We thought we'd save you the trouble, Mrs. Klopper. Thank you. This country needs more people like you. Now let's see what we've got. The bastard! 