He's here. You're looking well, Dutch. We've got a real problem here, something right up your alley. Eighteen hours ago I was informed that one of our choppers, transporting three presidential cabinet members from this charming little country, was shot down... ...The pilots radioed from the ground that they were all alive.  Their position was fixed by the transponder beacon onboard the chopper. Here. That's the problem.  Apparently they strayed off course. We're certain they've been captured by the guerrillas. We figure we've got less than twenty-four hours to catch up with them.  After that, there's not much hope.  We want a rescue operation mounted tonight.  That doesn't give you much time. You lift off in three hours. There's one other thing. Someone else will be going in with you. Who said anything about outsiders, Dutch? Last time we danced, it was Lieutenant, Schaefer. How you been, Dutch? No way, old buddy. That piece of work you guys pulled off at the Berlin embassy last week was really something.  Blew the entry points on three floors and neutralized the opposition in eight seconds flat. Beautiful. Also heard that you passed on that little job in Libya. Those cabinet members are very important to our scope of operations in this part of the world.  They're about to get squeezed.  We can't let that happen.  I needed someone who could get the job done, quick and quiet...no screw-ups.  I needed the best. The best.  So, I pulled a few strings at the State Department...and here we are. The set-up is simple, Dutch. One day job.  We pick up their trail at the chopper, run 'em down, grab the hostages and bounce back across the border before anyone knows we were there.  You've done it a hundred times.  Nothing out of the ordinary. I'm afraid those are your orders, Major.  Once you reach your objective, Dillon will evaluate the situation and take charge. Not to worry, Dutch.  I haven't lost my edge.  They've got a head start on us in some real tough country, otherwise, believe me, it's a piece of cake. Gentlemen, we're losing time. You'd better get your men ready. Good luck, Major. Redbird Two, Two.  Bearing south, three, five, zero, one o'ckock on the saddle ridge. Over. Roger, Blue Leader.  Three, five, zero, on your move. Over. Hey, Billy, how many marines does it take to eat a squirrel? Two.  One to eat it and one to watch for cars. Get that stinkin' thing out of my face, Blain! ...bunch of slack-jawed faggots around here... ...this stuff will put hair guaranteed... ...make you a God-damned sexual ty-ran-toe-sore-ass... just like me. Our rendezvous points and radio freqs. are indicated and fixed.  AWACS contact on four hour intervals. No such thing, old buddy. It's a one way ticket. Once we cross that border, we're on our own. ...roger Bird Two, Two. Reconfirm insertion at Tango, Charlie, Delta One, zero, niner on the grid at zero, two, two, mark four by zero. Over. Two, Two, leader.  Roger your insert co-ord.  Over. Leader to Bird Two Two.  I bear two minutes to Landing Zone. Man, that's a real bad habit you've got. LZ comin' up in 30 seconds. Stand by the rappel lines. You don't know how much I missed this, Dutch!!!  Once you get this in your blood, you never get it out!!! The pilots have each got one round in the head.  And whoever hit it stripped the shit out of it. There's something else, Major... I don't think that was any ordinary army taxi... ...looks more like a surveillance bird to me. Have you picked up their trail yet? They're getting better equipped every day. Major, looks like there were ten, maybe twelve guerrillas.  Looks like they took some prisoners from the chopper. Then a different set of track, over there. Six others, U.S. issue jungle boots.  They came in from the north, then followed the guerrillas. Probably another rebel patrol. They operate in here all the time. Same business, guerrillas hauling two guys from the chopper...followed by men with American equipment... Holy Mother... Jesus...this is inhuman. Uh...I wasn't told of any operations in this area.  They shouldn't have been here. Must have run into the guerrillas ...Fucking animals. Ain't no way for a soldier to die. Time to let 'ol 'painless' out of the bag. Strange, Major.  There was a firefight.  Shooting in all directions. I don't believe he did, Sir. I couldn't find a single track. Just doesn't make sense. No sign.  They never left here Major. It's like they just disappeared. Payback time. You're ghostin' on me, mother fokaaa!...I don't care who you are back in the world... You give away our position again and I'll bleed you quiet and leave your fuckin' ass right here. Got it? Say, Bull.  What's goin' down? We got movement? No.  Shithead with his trenchcoat and dee-coda-da ring was makin' enough noise to get us all waxed.  I don't like that guy.  Don't like him at my back.  I ain't winding up like those bastards back there. I know what you mean, Bull, but don't sweat it, me and 'ol 'painless' here are watchin' the front door. As always, bro... Ready, kid? On your nine!!! You got it, Major! We found 'em both, dead. And the gear from the chopper. If they're Central American, I'm a fuckin' Chinaman.  By* the looks of 'em, I'd say our cabinet minister and his aide are CIA. Another thing, Major, we were lucky...couple of those guys we waxed are Russians, military advisors by the look of it.  Something big was about to happen here. You're hit.  You're bleedin', man. Ain't got time to bleed. Son of a bitch's dug in like a Alabama tick... ...jack us around all day. Hell, dude, we don't have all day. Shit, Pancho!!! What's your problem, dude? This is beautiful!  More than we ever thought.  We got the bastards! Two days...that's all we had. In two days, three hundred of these bastards would have been equipped with all this.  After they crossed the border, it would have taken a year to stop them. We've averted a major guerrilla invasion, Dutch... That's right, I set you up. You're a veteran at this, Dutch, I had to. Because I told you, you're the best.  I knew you could do it but I couldn't get you in here without a cover story. We've been lookin' for this place for months.  The chopper must have gotten close when they got shot down.  Hopper* was sent in to get my men. He was just doing his job. When he disappeared I had to clean this up,  I had to stop there bastards.  We were so close, we couldn't quit.  We couldn't sleep through this one.  I needed you, Dutch, can't you see that? To invade a foreign country, illegally?  You lied, Dillon. Stacked the odds against us.  Set us up.  You could have gotten us all killed. You used to be one of us, Dillon, someone I could trust with my life... We've been through a lot together Dutch.  When we were together, no* one could stop us, the hottest* Goddamned team the army ever saw.* But things changed, I woke up. We're fighting them in a dozen Goddamned countries.  It's a fight we can't lose, Dutch.  We're all expendable assets, can't you see that? Major! Are you all right? Major, we stepped into some real shit here.  I got a hook-up with aerial surveillance. Guerrillas swarming like flies* all over the place.  Can't be more  then one, maybe two miles away.  Place is going down, Major. Half an hour, maybe less. She goes with us. She's too valuable.  She's got to know their whole network.  The whole set up. We take her with us.SCHAEFER We take her and she'll give away our position, every chance she gets.  No prisoners, Dillon. You're still under orders, Dutch.  You want to make the call, or should I? Looks bad, Major.  It's gonna be a real bitch. If we follow above the river and then down, here, at this canyon, we might find a way out. It's a long walk back, make it easy on yourself. Hey, Dillon, over here. Dillon, over here. Yeah, what is it, Sergeant? Thanks. Anytime. Dillon, over here. Dillon, over here. Dillon, over here. I've seen some badass bush before, but nothin' like this, man. Little taste 'o home? I hear you bro, this is some shit.  Makes Cambodia look like Kansas.  Lose your way in here, man, you be in some kinda hurt. Shit.  Come on... Don't try it. You should put her on a leash, Agent Man.  If you can't handle her, just say the word. Try that again.  Please.* Watch her. Can't say, Major...been squirrely all mornin'... fuckin' weird...sometimes I think that nose of his is too good...smells things that ain't there. Something...in the trees... Can you see anything... ...there? It's nothing... Please... Major, you'd better take a look at this. I can't tell. I think it's Hawkins. There's no sign of it. She says...the jungle came alive, and took him... That isn't what she said... she said... ...she doesn't make sense. Couple of sappers been trailing us all the way from the camp, Major.  Billy heard them.  She set us up, ran for it...They were waiting. I should've wasted the bitch when I had the chance. They did the same thing to Davis... Come on in you fuckers...come on in.  'ol 'painless' is waitin'... Contact, 30 Right!!! I...saw it. I saw it. The wound all fused, cauterized...what the hell did this? I don't know.  Goddamn it, something...I saw something/. Nothing.  The same thing. Not a fucking trace.  No bodies, blood, anything. Yessir. I'll take him. We've got most of the flares, frags. and two claymores just outside.  Nothin's comin' close to here without trippin' on somethin'. The best friend I ever had. Good-bye, Bro. Blazer One, say again... Red Fox, I say again.  Your request for extraction denied. Your area still compromised. Proceed to Sector 3000 for prisoner extraction, Priority Alpha.  Next contact at 1030 hours. Roger, Blazer One.  1030 hours...damn, bastards. We're still too far in, they won't risk coming in for us. I can accept that, it comes with the job. Shit load o' good a chopper'd do us in here anyway. Mac.  Who hit us today? Don't know, only saw one of 'em.  Camouflaged.  He was there... ...Those fucking eyes... What, Sergeant? Those eyes...disappeared.  But I know one thing, Major... ...I drew down and fired right at it.  Capped-off two hundred rounds and then the Mini-gun; the full pack. Nothin'...nothin' on this earth could have lived...not at that range. I've got the first watch. Ask her again.  What did she see?  What happened to Hawkins? She says the same thing... It was the jungle... You know something Billy, what is it? I'm scared. Bullshit.  You ain't afraid of no man. There's something out there, waiting for us...it ain't no man. He's losing his cool.  There's nothing out there but a couple of men that we're going to have to take down. It's the same kinda jungle, Bro, same moon... everything... ...a real number ten night. Remember Bro?  Only you and me, the only one's out of the whole fuckin' platoon who made it out. ...we walked out on top of 'em.  Not a scratch, not a fuckin' scratch. No fuckin' chili-choker got to you, Bro...you were just too good... ...I promise you this, Bro... whoever he is, I hope he's plannin' to hit us again... ...'cause he's got my name on 'em. Got the motherfucker... A pig...just a fucking pig... Holy shit, Mac. Major, over here. The body...it's gone. Came in through the trip wires, took it right out from under our noses... Boar set off the trip flare, Major.  No other tracks. How could anyone get through this, carry Blain out, right  under our noses without leavin'  a trace? Why didn't he try to kill one of us last night? Like a Hunter.* You're wastin' your time. Shit, you trying to tell me Blain and Hawkins were killed by a fucking lizard?  Don't listen to her.  Its's a psych-job. Two, maybe three of them, that's all.  We keep our cool, out-think* them 'til we're across the border... What the hell do you think you're doing? What are you talking about? We'll be out of here in ten*  minutes.* I'm tellin' you, this little  'boy scout' stunt is a  Godamned waste of time. We've got to get the hell out of here, now, while we've still  got the chance. Now what, Dutch.  You going to send your mystery guest an invitation? What'll you try next -- cheese? Satisfied?  Now let's get the hell out... What is God's name...? No way, Dutch.  I'm going. You get these people and get the hell out of here. Guess I've picked up some bad habits from you, Dutch.  Now don't argue with me, you know I'm right.  Get to that chopper and hold it for us. We'll be along. You know me, Dutch, I never did know when to quit. Right behind you. He's busted up, bad, Major. I can make it, Major. Come on, you motherfucker! Dillon, over here. Dillon, over here. Mac? Out there.  Past the rocks... can you see it? I see it! We're gonna take this thing. Take a position over there. I'll work around towards you. When I flush him, you nail him... ...Right, I got a score to settle for the Bro... We both got scores to settle. Mac...Mac. Look out, behind you!!! ...Look out, behind you! Dillon, over here... Who... ...the hell... ...are... ...You? Holy, fuck, what was that...?!!! Orbit right...check it out! Looks like he's been through hell...can't believe he's still alive.  What the hell went on down there? If it hadn't been for her, he'd be dead now.  That story she told us...I still can't believe it. 