Looks like a helluva lot more than a make-over. Was there surgery involved? No way is that the same chick. The other one was a dog. Waiter! She needs more water. Yeah and when your woman says you're an ass, say yes, I have Abundant Sperm Syndrome. I don't believe in PMS. Women made it up just so they can be bitchy. What's with her? If they're not bleeding they're PMSing. If they're not PMSing, they're warning you about the impending doom. If you're lucky, you get a sane person one week a month. Then you gotta date three or four women just to get some normalcy in your life. That many women in one place -- nothing good can come from that. I mean body temperature. Do you have a fever? Wow your body's really hot. Your lips look delicious. Yeah but they looked cool... James Dean, Humphrey Bogart... Yeah yeah I know. Smoking kills. I'll quit someday. Doesn't it seem like all the cool people smoke? Sorry I didn't recognize you earlier. You look so different. Yeah that's like a three bagger. Today a bag is also a condom, so now a three bagger can be a chick that's really hot. So hot you gotta put several condoms on to dull the senses. No one I've run into knows what "coyote ugly" means. Don't apologize. It's great to see a woman really enjoying her food. I hate it when I buy a woman dinner and she won't even touch it. Guess you like those Coyote Ugly steaks now, huh?Now it's menopause. She's always hot. I gotta wear a parka around the house cause she keeps it so cold. It's always something. Diet and exercise, that's all there is. I'm not a big proponent of the PMS craze, but there's a book my wife mentioned called "The PMS Diet," which may be helpful. Sounds all stress related. Your teeth may feel sharper if you're grinding them at night. You don't seem hairy to me. Is that all? How have you been feeling? That bite healed up quickly. It's been about three weeks? And keep a journal of your symptoms to make sure it's related to your period and not just in your head. That's just part of being a woman. Diet and exercise should help. Avoid salt, sugar, starches, caffeine, alcohol... PMS. What symptoms are you experiencing? How's the rest of your health? A dog at Victoria's Secret? I mean where on your body? A bite... Where'd you get bitten?Jennifer gave her a make-over. Can we get some service here? My brother has an answer to PMS. A-S-S: Abundant Sperm Syndrome. A man gets sperm build-up, and if his woman isn't givin' it to 'em, he's gotta get it elsewhere. I'm lucky Jen's not like that. Sorry about Frida. She's been friends with Jen forever. It all starts with them going to the bathroom together. You can't believe this bullshit. Oh great. What the fuck am I supposed to do? You have some weird friends. What does her thinking she's a werewolf have to do with us having the cat? I'm supposed to put up with a fuckin' cat I'm allergic to cause your friend's got PMS? It's for you. Frida. Carlton insisted on leaving with her. Maybe he got lucky. She'll talk about PMS and stare at her salad. She's just so... pathetic. He was saying that when women are close friends they get their periods at the same time. Two bags for them, and one bag for your head in case her two fall off.So pee? Here? I wouldn't mind doin' something else, but I do really have to pee. Yes I do have to pee! Knock what off? That's okay. I just have to use the bathroom and then I'll leave. I didn't have to pee then. I really gotta pee. They say sex is great for cramps. Come on, didn't all that steak make you thirsty? Hey, how about a little nightcap? Well, whattdaya think? So there I was, hanging from the edge of a bridge, when my mom said, "Son, you got into Harvard!" It took three of them to pull me back! Frida keeps eating. You said you're starving. Come on, I can't stand a woman who won't eat. Man I'm starving too, I think I'll go for the Surf and Turf. You hungry? No, I'm serious. How about we have dinner and I tell you about it? Oh, a D-Girl. You know... I have a really great idea for a screenplay. So you're Grant's secretary?Packages of money. How big? You got a dog? Seems you were the last to see Carlton alive. And the last to see Gregory alive. You heard about Carlton Fraser? We can get a warrant if you like. A kiss? Did you have sex with him? Looks like it was your only date. Unless you go to his funeral. Did he come home with you? Did you go to his apartment? It's about Gregory Jameson. He's dead. Can't figure out the species. Similar to a wolf. They're jokin' at the lab that a werewolf probably killed him. Ain't that the stupidest thing you ever heard? Just this morning. Animal hairs were found all over the victims. And that was 28 days ago today. She says she's on the rag every time I get called in to investigate a murder. My girlfriend's predicting another murder in the next few days. Which brings up an interesting point. I wasn't following you. I was following the suspect. And you just happened to be there... I know. I followed you. To the zoo, to her house, to your house... And fifth, you're dating her. It has to be Frida. This makes three guys ripped apart who are tied to her ass. You think mafia hit? Like a vampire or some shit? It's a bit farfetched that Mark would rip guys to shreds just outta jealousy. This makes no sense. One of our only leads... You had dates with both men right before they were killed. This one walk you home too? Yeah okay. I still say Frida's involved. She's the last one to see two dudes alive... Poseur was missing a chunk of his neck. And his eyes were open. That always bugs me out. Do me a favor, if some mutherfucker's about to blow me away, remind me to close my fuckin' eyes. Nah, East Village poseur was grosser than the dude in the park. Sounds like you got a conflict of interest. She's got a hidden pitbull. Maybe she hired someone to kill them. This is more than fishy, this chick dates a dude and he winds up dead. I still don't get when you gave her back the pillowcase. And he was missing an arm. And you think I'm sick? Back in the '80's. You didn't see the pictures? They were from before she got famous. She was hairy as hell. Her pits, her bush. Waiting for DNA tests. He was hairier than Madonna in Penthouse. I checked all the zoos. No missing animals. You think a pitbull? Hey, there was a lot of blood. Frida's sheets checked out fine. It was just her own blood. From her... you know. Nah, man, I'm just saying, you should never date a woman who was the last one to see a guy alive. No man. Blood is not a turn on. You sure let that Frida off the hook. You weren't even going to take the sheets. If I didn't know better, I'd think you liked her. Hell no, I'm not into that shit. The sight of blood makes me sick. I didn't trust her. All that blood on the sheets. She may look sweet, but she could be a wolf in sheep's clothing. Something's weird. Torn apart. Limb from limb. A bloody gruesome mess. Hey, you hear about the chick that came in today? Said some chick bit her at Victoria's Secret. Bitches are outta control these days. You kiddin'? They try to get ME drunk. Nah, I don't wanna break up with Wanda, I just wanna see Carmen too.Wow. Yeah? I just need a place to lay low for a few days. Come on, I know you hate me but you can't wanna see me at the bottom of the East River? Come on, I'm your biggest supporter. It's the truth. If you'd just loaned me the money last time this never would have happened. These guys aren't the kind that'll take an apology. They're the kind that'll break my thumbs. I did something stupid. I had a courier job -- picking up a package from the airport. It turned out to be money -- so I kind of borrowed it to pay my rent and now these dudes are after me. Come on Frida, I'm not kidding. I'm totally fucked. Let me in. It's a matter of life and death. Frida? I hear you talking. I know you're in there. Let me in. I'm kinda borrowing it. Who's this, Mr. Date-Guy? I'm working on it... Hey wait, I paid three bucks for that burger. You owe me... Frida, you know you're it for me. OUCH that stings! Damn, what am I going to do with my back like this? Shit. And you're eating my burger? You don't eat meat. Look what you did! You do though. You look really... is that a wonderbra? You look different. I mean you look good. What, you got a date or somethin'?Very well then. Is that all? No? Uh... yes. Not for us. No woman in jeopardy. Find me Dr. Quinn Medicine Woman. Find me a true story about a crazed killer stalking beautiful women. I'll make a note of that. Put the coverage on my desk. Yes, that's what we're looking for. Did you change your hair? Coffee and... Script coverage? The Nielson's?Thanks. I'm going to take a shower. I know. The important thing is that it stop. No way can anything be proved. All they have are some wolf hairs. No one believes in werewolves. Sure. Cheating, lying. What's a little werewolf a few days a month? We can move out to the country where you can feed off deer. We can work this out. Other couples have worse problems. I knew you wouldn't kill me. I'm staying here with you tonight. There's no getting rid of me. Can't you bite me and then I'll be like you? I have the silver bullets in case I need to protect myself. Does that make you feel better? I don't think you would. No matter what form you take. I don't think you'll hurt me. I'm not afraid. Frida! I love you. If you don't like me, just say so. You don't have to make up some bullshit like you're a werewolf. Yes, your PMS. Frida I can deal with that. You at least owe me the truth. Yes or no? Frida, can't you just be honest with me? What? Is there someone else? Frida? You okay? Look, I think I know what happened to Mark. I want to help. I'm coming over. No. But I don't mind hairy. Are you okay? No, it's a good thing. I like it. Everything about you is great. I like how you don't shave your legs. Women are so much sexier when they're natural. Your breasts feel larger. You know, I've never seen your cat. What's with the squirt guns? You didn't say it. Is that how you feel? Is it that funny? You can't mean that. I'm sure your bark is worse than your bite. That's it? Hell my mom chased my dad around with a knife when she had it. She made us call her a different name. She'd say, "You're talking to Betty now" and we'd leave the house for a few days. Speaking of Mark -- we've tried to track him down and there's no sight of him. Vanished into thin air. I got a hunch he fled the country. Did I tell you I have the worst sense of humor and I make bad jokes at totally inappropriate times? Except Mark of course. Yeah, every guy you date winds up dead. I thought we were starting something... and then... I know it's unorthodox, I mean with you being involved in the case and all. What happened? I need to talk to you. About us. Frida... I... Can I carry your box? Frida. I was looking for you. You changing jobs? He was ripped to shreds also. In his apartment. Still haven't figured out how he or anyone else pulled that off. Never seen anything like it. No, no... But Mark -- a jealous boyfriend gone mad. Maybe he kills men you date. You had a date with Carlton? Frida, can we come in? We need to talk to you. It's important. A man killed in Central Park. You sure? It's my favorite shirt, mind if I check? Was there anything in that washer? No. I was doing my laundry. Frida, wait. Don't go. We can just sleep. I just want to wake up with you. I mean we can still... whatever... Maybe I should get a towel? Oh, nothing's wrong. Just... well don't you have your period? I'm a cop -- I notice everything. That drawer's ajar, that picture's been moved about an inch, the closet wasn't closed when I left... Oh just my wolf paraphernalia. Some people collect beanie babies... I collect silver bullets. Silver bullets. A collectors item. These are very valuable. They were melted down from a crucifix. Goodnight. Thanks for the walk. Maybe we could... get a bite sometime? Me neither. That's why I wear briefs... So why did you and... Mark break up? Briefs. Yeah but a guy hung like a horse would need briefs to keep things in line. You know how moms always tell you to wear clean underwear in case you're in an accident? Well this guy wasn't wearing any underwear. Sometimes it's frustrating. Like this Gregory Jameson case. We don't even know what killed him. I'm putting together little details to see if we're missing something. The weird thing is I've had an odd, morbid fascination with wolves ever since. We lived in northern Minnesota. She went for a walk one night and they never found her body -- just her torn apart clothes with her blood and wolf blood on them. Then the town rounded up bunch of hunters and shot all the wolves in the area. I've had time to get over it. She was killed by wolves they think. No, she died when I was twelve. My mom used to get PMS too. I can forgive you a bestseller. No really, I love knowing what people read. So what book did you buy? Okay well. Maybe some other time. They continue walking together. Some decaf then? That was stupid. Obviously you said you were staying away from caffeine as a nice way of blowing me off. You wanna get some coffee? There's a lot of that going around. Being a cop has such a warm effect on people. At least let me give you this back. I washed it. No... no... this is embarrassing. I was returning your pillowcase... and I saw you cross the street... and I sort of started following you. I just find you really intriguing. I don't know why. You busted me. Okay, if you think of anything else, please give us a call. When's the last time you saw him? He's been running money for the Mafia. Why would you want to be a cop? We can just take this pillowcase. We're just trying to figure out what happened. Yeah, sorry. Uh... Gregory's roommate told us you were out with him last night. What kind of animal? Did we get those DNA tests back? So... they're on some cycle. The murders... Gregory... then 28 days later... Carlton. What makes her think that? What the fuck are you following me for? I'm not a suspect here. What are you talking about? Okay Lloyd. First, no way does Frida have the physical strength to tear a guy to shreds. Second, why would she be so obvious and let it be known she was the last one to see these guys? Third, she's the one in danger. She's a woman in jeopardy and you're layin' a murder rap on her. Fourth, I look in her eyes and know she's no killer. Hard to tell. Looks like he's been cleaned up and he's decomposing as we speak. This case gets weirder by the minute. It's like some fucking monster dropped out of the sky and killed these dudes. Spencer's the key here. Frida is in no way associated with him. And her blood hasn't matched with any of the killings. Seems he's stolen money from them. He's desperate and our only lead. He means the last that we know of. She wasn't the last one to see them alive. Whoever killed them was. Deal. And if some mutherfucker's about to blow me away, shoot him. The park dude was missing an arm. You take the cake Lloyd. Come on, she's not here. Let's check out her psycho ex. She's not a suspect. What is her motive? There's nothing, NOTHING connecting her to either crime except that she dated both guys. Okay Lloyd, you tell me how she killed them. We only live a few blocks apart. He was found nearly ripped to shreds in Central Park. What? Hairy women are kind of sexy. Women in their natural state. Madonna's in Penthouse? Maybe. What about all those hairs they found on his body? She was never a suspect Lloyd. Some animal must have done this. I told you she was innocent. I can tell she's not a killer. You just don't like her cause you have a hang up about menstruation. Oh, so you decide to be a cop? Seriously? You don't have sex with a woman cause she's on the rag? That dude was torn limb from limb. No way a woman like that could have done it. You never seen blood on a chick's sheets from her period? He was found a few blocks away. You're some catch Lloyd. Man, you're livin' dangerously. Let me ask you somethin', you always have to get women drunk before they'll sleep with you?You use the word "fucking." You're sexualizing things. Stop berating yourself. It's okay to have sex. You say you killed a man and don't remember it. Couldn't you have had sex and not remember it? It's sexual. Why did you choose "eating him" as the method of killing? Dreams about killing usually signify feelings of guilt. You had sex last night and you feel guilty. And how did you feel when you ate this guy? Let's explore this. What makes you feel you're a werewolf? Oh, I see... interesting theory.