Who? Hurricane kept you up, too? You know the law -- no liquor before noon. Could lose my license. It's ten thirty in the morning. Don't like 'em, don't eat 'em, don't make no damn difference to me.You too? Shut up. West's dead. Holy fuck... Holy fuck, what the fuck did you guys do? What do you mean, alone? We finished the course and came here, then heard an explosion -- Where's Pike? Washout rejects, guys he said were "dumbfucks too stupid to know they dead"... You won't find them. Won't find West, either. He's too good. I guess Nunez wasn't dead after all. He came after us with a vengeance. You know the rest. Hunting -- we had to hunt him -- He -- He made me do it -- Jesus! Oh, you don't? What else do you have on me? You haven't found any bodies yet, have you? You wanna bet? Mr. Hardy, I joined the army for college money. I didn't ask for any of this -- I tried to do the right thing out there and people got killed. You say finding those bodies'll help me, then go find them. I don't want to die. But not Pike's. They would have killed us both. You want me to write a confession, I'll write a confession. Yeah -- Of course -- I apologize -- I didn't shoot West -- Did Kendall tell you about the PX? I'm serious -- He's lying. That son of a bitch. This is one of those interrogation tricks, isn't it? You don't give me a cigarette till I tell you more. Yeah. And that's all I'm saying. Some. I'm not telling you what happened. Okay. There's no need... You did Basic here? I don't know... I like the Army. I just don't like it. It's... too slow. I asked for a policeman. Just a guess. Maybe they're not where they're supposed to be. Maybe somebody moved them. Habeas Corpus -- no bodies, no crime, and Nunez still plays as self defense. Face it detectives... you have nothing. Ohhhh, I don't think so... Did I ever claim I was Raymond Dunbar? Was I ever told to state my name rank and serial number for the record? No. You assumed who I was, because I was wearing this uniform. Don't believe me? Is that what I did, now? And of course, you can prove all of it. Can't do that now, though, can you? Don't know on a map. West told us it was there, we just found it. Maybe the hurricane took it away. Would you have believed me? Yeah. One went off, yeah, but it didn't touch him -- I thought you knew this -- The creek bed -- Pills, shots, you name it, Basic's a lot easier when you don't feel pain -- No, did he tell you about it? About the business Childs ran? Yeah. Spent half his time in the infirmary. Only reason he enlisted was his father. West didn't section him till last week. He was sickly. Had that shaking thing, whatd'yacall it, epoxy? There were six of us... That first night with Pike. I made the mistake of letting him sit down at around 0300. No, ma'am, he just wanted us to quit. Making it through was kind of an honor. Some of the other guys on the base told us that if you could hack Section Eight, Command would consider you at the top of the class. Your weapons, Sergeant. Sir, yes, sir! Sir, yes, sir! Sir, Dunbar, sir! So you killed him? So did we. Why didn't you come? West... he's dead. We were each given three so whoever killed West will be missing one. Shut up. Let me see your grenades. I hated West, Childs hated West, everyone with a goddamn brain hated West but that doesn't mean we killed him! He wouldn't kill anybody... Put it down! No... no, we can just wait till we get back and then tell the M.P.'s -- This is a lot of information to be getting... I have to think -- I... I don't know... They? His chest was hamburger -- Full clip to the body -- That still doesn't mean you didn't kill him. Why... why didn't you tell me? You're lying -- Why? Bullshit. You hated West, Mueller loved him -- That's exactly what he says about you. Oh, come on -- If not you, then who? You're the only one missing a grenade. You hated West more than any of us. Yeah... You know it's not like that -- We just want to check your pack -- Where have you been, Jay? What do you mean, West's? Whose blood is that, Jay?Old friend. Haven't talked to him in -- 911. Can I use your phone? Bill Styles... Yeah, and I could've used the sleep. I'm supposed to meet people here tonight, try and get some work going. Don't you mean "don't need no liquor license not taken away from me"? Yeah, if you've slept. Can I at least have a drink? You know that was like a quadruple negative? He's telling the truth up to a point... I promised them I'd ask you where West and the others are... And the bodies? Do what? Not true, Cadet, I've got a gun -- We've found all of them. We don't need the tapes -- We're not finished yet -- Raymond, for you to have any chance of coming out of this, we need to locate the other bodies and examine them to corroborate your testimony. Otherwise this is just another story -- You saved Kendall's life -- You shot Childs and Nunez. And he'd been shot. You saw West's body. Yeah, we know, Pike did. So Childs made some side money, so what? People are dead, Ray, and the only one we have to blame is you -- Fuck "you're serious", Raymond, you got exactly zero truck with us; right now we'd take the word of a crackhead over yours, so if you've got something to say, say it. Well, why didn't you say so? We'll just drop all your charges, then -- That'd be my reaction too -- Hey, Ray! Just had a nice talk with your buddy Kendall -- seems you killed three people! No, actually, I just left mine in the car and was hoping you had some. You smoke, Ray? And those were the guys who went on the exercise with you? Tell me about them. Okay... but I would like to know about the other cadets. What they were like -- nice guys? Why'd you ask for a cop, Ray? Right. Now, I'm gonna go get you another donut and you think about whether you want to talk more, okay? They're dead, aren't they? Fifteen years ago under Sergeant West. Piece of work, that guy. I remember, he used to have these two silver .45's with ivory handles and if you weren't quick enough, he'd knock you on the head with one of them. He still carry those guns? C'mon, Ray, everyone hates the Army during Basic. I'll tell you straight, I hated it here. What do you like then? Well, it's a game of anticipation, that's the beauty. You're under military arrest, it's not gonna happen. What's wrong with baseball? Why not? MAYBE WHAT -- Where are they! You lied to us, Levi, you're going to the gas chamber unless you tell us where to find them! But you can't prove it! You can't prove anything until we find the bodies! Or you, Levi? When is it finally going to come out that you were the one who killed him? How do you know? Why? Jail if he's lucky, the gas chamber if he's not -- Something funny, Levi? Dunbar will testify that you were. Well? Huh. You know, I really thought you said Nunez. I thought you said "Dunbar was gone," My fault, I gotta check the tape on that. Oh, yeah we taped the last interview. This one too. Cause it'd be a real break for us to catch you in a lie. Dunbar was running out the door? Ohhhhhh... See that's where I was confused, because I thought you said Nunez was running out the door. Why did you tell us he shot everybody, Levi? You put him in for three murders, the man saved your life -- Is it the truth? My heart weeps. Can I go to jail for punching a guy who's been shot? You tried to pin three stone murders on Dunbar -- Stop. Okay. I think that's it. He rises and walks to the door. Why did he come back for you? He admitted it. But you didn't. Then who did? What happened to "degrees"? Levi, I don't know if you're familiar with investigative work, but we have this little thing called "motive" and you just gave yourself one. I think you just blew "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" out of the fucking water. Senator Daddy must be thrilled. But not the only victim, right? Levi, you got about four hours before armed men show up here, put you on a plane to Washington, and lock you in a very small dark room. I suggest you talk to us. Coast Guard, special detective detail. We feel this incident may have put the beaches of Florida at risk. Get your hands away from the desk! You can't duck this, Bill. I may have done every goddamn thing in my life wrong but I won't let this happen. No more witnesses. West's a ghost. But it doesn't matter because we have your signature, the hospital log, and Kendall's toxicology report. And that'll be enough. Not for long. No! You will stand there and you will listen! What happened to you, Bill? You were the one who joined up to do good in the world. You were the one who believed in it -- You poisoned him, Bill. You heard our interrogation, you knew he was ready to crack, so you killed him, just like Pike. Toxicology report came back. Kendall's attack was caused by a drug known as anephadrine, maybe you've heard of it. It's for asthmatics. If an epileptic takes enough, it kills them. I checked with the nurses at the hospital -- you're the only other person who visited Kendall. What I can't understand is why you signed these. If you'd just let West take care of the paperwork, no one would have known, but you got careless. So when Pike finally told the truth you had to get rid of him, too. West had a partner. Someone who knew how to get things done. Stay where you are. I'm not going to cover for you, Bill. Not for this. If you let him testify then it would have all come out. West was supposed to take care of it out there, shut Nunez up and then disappear. But it got messy and people got killed. So you called your old pal Tom Hardy, figuring if worse came to worse, he'd cover for you. It was so good, I actually forgot you're one of the bigger dogs now. The Base Commander. The one in control. You couldn't let him testify, could you? You're a good soldier, Bill. I'm sorry, Bill. They're taking your command, aren't they? I wouldn't know where to start. I guess it was about one man framing another. He thought if the other guy got blamed, people would over look his own wrong doings. That's horseshit and you know it. Yeah. What I said before -- I'm talking about West! We had him, Bill, we were there. You're the fucking Base Commander, you knew what he did to Cadets and you let him go on the way he always he has -- You want a confession? Why don't you confess, Bill: people are dead and you don't give a shit about it! Only reason you called me is to protect your fucking job, you know this is your fault -- Home, I'm done. You mean not enough to save you. Nevertheless what'? Kendall will testify and that'll be enough. From Dunbar? I hate to break this to you, but I don't think he's gonna be all that psyched to put himself in for the death penalty. Okay, then let's widen the search to include the endzone in Giants Stadium and the trunk of my car -- There was a hurricane, Bill, the wind probably moved it. Someone must have got a shot off. He wasn't exactly a moving target. Pike killed West, Dunbar killed Mueller, Childs, and Nunez. He's not done by a longshot, I can get more out of him -- I'm not gonna let that happen. And I'm the closest thing to it, right? Which gives us about five hours. Why'd you call me? I'm assuming that's what made him the dead one? And the problem is you only got three. Well, he's a good soldier. It's not West, is it? Tell me it's not West. And here you are going out of house. How's that make you feel, Jules? Tell me what I can do. That bad? What kind of trouble are you in? How are you? Yeah. But he was a lot of other things, too. Thanks. In case you need me to testify about the shooting. They'll clear you. I should probably write that down. Want company? Think it'll work? Leaving without saying goodbye. What are you gonna do? Do I have a choice in this? West? Really. There are degrees of truth, officer. Always degrees. Tough. This is the perfect time. You know what makes a good detective? The number of confessions they get. You're a good detective, Osborne. So now you get mine. Seven guys. What was it you said? You were "just starting to believe I wasn't the guy people said". Seven. No death certificates. No crime. WHERE'S WEST'S BODY? We can tie you to the chair if it'll work better for you -- Isn't this how your story goes? Right back where we started. Get in. Good, just making sure. Maybe... Maybe we were nowhere near. Sometimes mysteries stay mysteries. I haven't by any chance grown on you, have I? That's gonna stay my secret. It dawned on me one day that we were supposed to be a nation founded on the principle of questioning authority... and all I did here was follow orders. It didn't add up. Plus, I got kicked out. Nah. Now I go home, get drunk, and try and forget this ever happened. Yeah. No, I didn't. I wanted to humiliate him. For what he did to Dunbar. For fucking over the little guy. Yeah, I could've. Should've. I pushed him too hard. That's a fantastic idea -- Why don't you talk to Levi off the record for a second? Are you sure? What? We're fucked, I know -- Let's go talk to Bill... That bugs you too? And all hell breaks loose. A lot of Good guys shoot a lot of bad guys and whiz, bang, zoom, happy ending. Kendall maybe would have agreed, but the hurricane buttfucks the cabin -- And if they're asked, that's what they'll tell the, world. Exactly, someone who's not involved, who's word can't be questioned. You only let them see what you want them to see, you make them believe, so when the time comes, they've totally bought into your version of events. And they're smart about it. They know when you commit a crime you know is going to be investigated, you need a fall guy and for that to work, you have to have a witness. What happened next? Dunbar... He said he didn't shoot West. West wasn't shot, Kendall said he was blown apart by a phosphorous grenade and Dunbar never saw the body. I didn't shoot West... Why do you care? Oh, spare me the reverse psychology bullshit! This isn't my "great second chance", Osborne. Everyone thinks I'm a piece of shit cop who took money and nothing is going to change that. Nobody will ever know what happens here -- Phenomenal at taking bribes, right? West was a monster! Fifteen years ago, I was here, I was Section Eight, I was Pike. Fuck being the knife dummy -- that thing he did, stripping Pike down, making him stand outside all night? He did that every year, he did that to me. Fifteen years ago, I wanted him dead, and now I'm supposed to care that somebody offed him? Sorry, no can do. I tried. Watch me. You knew what he was capable of and you just stood by. It was just a matter of time till somebody fragged his ass, and you know what? He deserved it. There's your confession. Why the fuck wasn't he in restraints? Well, I'm sure if he'd known this was all going to happen he'd have tried harder to witness it for you -- Everyone's capable of murder, Osborne. That means under a year. Let me explain what ten years of police work has taught me -- murder is basic. There are no conspiracies, no grand mysteries, and no evil puppet masters behind it all, pulling the strings; murder is shitty people doing a shitty thing to other shitty people -- it doesn't always make sense but it's always neat. Dunbar's our guy. "Too neat." How long have you been an investigator? I lied. Wait for it... Have no fear, Osborne, we have not yet begun to fight. Got it. Being back here. Gives me the willies. He's telling the truth, up to a point. You guys really got the shit kicked out of you here. So noted. I plan to grow on you. The very same. Yeah. That's just the story I tell the girls to get them into bed. Truth is... I don't know. The whole honor and duty thing. Make a difference in the world, crap like that. Didn't really work out. I lost a bet. You had a mobile of bayonets above your crib. Microrecorder for Kendall -- didn't have time to wire his room. Now tell me why you joined the army or I'll jab this pen through your neck. Best time for banal chit-chat. You're right. We should sit in silence. Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't know the object of the interrogation is to make you look good -- Everyone knows good cop, bad cop -- by admitting it I appeared trustworthy. I believe somebody owes me ten dollars -- See, Ray, this is what we call "good cop, bad cop". She shouts, I stand up for you, you're grateful, a bond of trust is established. Ten bucks says I have him talking in under three minutes. Something like that. Thank you. At some point in there I'm gonna rub my nose. When I do, go at him with everything you got. Is he handsome, self assured, carry himself well, does he look you in the eyes or down at the floor, does he have good bones, suggesting good breeding, does he slouch or sit up straight -- these are important questions, as they reveal a great deal about this man's character so please get over yourself for two and a half seconds and tell me is he cute? Is Dunbar cute? Because interrogation rooms look suspiciously like interrogation rooms, which doesn't exactly put people at ease. Is he cute? Move him. He's in interrogation? Christ... Remind me to thank Bill for mentioning that on the phone -- Levi? Who names their kid Levi -- Three things. First -- You don't have a choice. Second -- I've never taken a bribe in my life. And Third -- I'm still a little drunk from last night, so if I skip over the witty banter and move forward to straight hitting on you, try not to take offense. Tell me about the two guys. Subtlety really isn't one of you finer points, is it, Osborne? It was for suspicion of bribery, it's really all in the wording -- He got me through Basic and a lot of other stuff. I owe him. Gotta be honest, I love what you've done with the place -- And you notice I'm not in the Army anymore. I didn't mean that as a compliment. He was our Drill here. Man's older than sand. Ah, Christ Fantastic. You want to tell me what's going on?You framed-him... Maybe he's dead too. Maybe you killed them both, Mueller -- What about Pike? Did -- did you -- I don't want to go -- What do we do? I thought I was gonna have an attack. Go into a fit and bite off my own tongue in the middle of the bayou. Childs could tell I wasn't right. I'm -- I'm sorry... Maybe he... Maybe -- I don't know -- I didn't -- Because I was standing next to him. Because of what I saw. Who really killed West. I didn't do anything -- I was just thinking of what's going to happen to your careers when my father gets through with you. Then we'll leave it up to the courts -- His word against mine. What does his father do again? Steelworker? Doesn't matter, I'm sure justice will be served. In any case, my father will definitely want to talk to you about all these questions, these accusations on his son. He's quite protective. Sorry to disappoint. I'm on painkillers for the injury -- they cloud the mind. You're right, it was Nunez. Any more questions? I believe your next line is "What are you trying to hide?" No. I said Dunbar. So I should stay silent about his misdeeds? The guns went off, I ran in, Childs shot me, Pike and Mueller were dead, and Dunbar was running out the door with the smoking gun -- There's that word again. As I told you, I wasn't in the room when everyone started shooting. Epileptic attacks are murder on your system. Rattle your internal organs like a paint mixer. How many murders did you cover up? One? Five? Maybe an even ten. Somebody emptied a full clip into him -- Mr. Hardy? I honestly don't know. Maybe to have someone to cover for him. And I wish I could, but there's no doubt in my mind he killed those men. Right in front of us. Mueller went after him but we held him back. No. Poetic justice, though. Maybe I shouldn't tell you that. Maybe I should tell you I wasn't scared at all. But I was... Enough to almost kill him. I didn't kill him -- You said you wanted to know what happened -- I'm telling you the truth. The Sergeant discovered this relationship and wanted me expelled. My father interceded, so instead, West Sectioned me and made sure every other cadet knew that I was gay. He is not, shall we say, wild about the idea. He has asked me on numerous occasions to be more discreet about my proclivities, and I have done my best to oblige him. However, in the last four weeks, I began a relationship with another cadet. What do you think of that? My father is a powerful man. Over the years he's used that power to protect me, in one form or another, from certain... unpleasantries. I am a homosexual. My, my, my, how did things turn so hostile so quickly? If I didn't know better, I'd say you two were out to get me. I've done nothing wrong. I'm the victim here. That's it. You're that policeman with friends in low places. Tell me, how's Guissepe Torres doing these days? Those racketeering indictments must have really been a downer -- You... I've seen you around the Base. But you... You're not Army, are you? Pike, please -- I don't think I want to hear this -- How? What are you talking about? So you took off your shirt? Oh, you remember now -- Yeah and he doesn't know when -- Poor fucker my ass... We should tell him we're not going. You ever been in a hurricane, Mueller? Maybe we shouldn't go. He came after us. And I told Dunbar he had to kill him... I scared Dunbar into silence. He's been trying to cover for me the whole time. We got here, you came to see me... I didn't know if I could trust him with that kind of secret -- I told him what had really happened to West. Told him to keep quiet about it or I'd destroy him. Because if it came out that I was involved with the whole PX scam, my father would be finished. Childs. We did get our stories straight, but not because we killed anyone. It was because I threatened him. Dunbar's telling the truth. Wait -- It won't work -- What? You can't threaten me -- Then he's mistaken. You know, I really don't think my father would approve of this line of questioning -- No, but it got you interested, didn't it? Got you to dig. Inspired Ray to tell you terribly sordid tales about drugs and creek beds and dead little sergeants who stuck their noses where they didn't belong. Not much time to solve the crime. Tell me, detective, how did it feel taking blood money from Guissepe Torres? Did it weigh on your conscience or did you just not think about it? Running out of time, are we? Tick- tock, tick-tock, how long till your witnesses fly the coop? We've been making progress, I see. Like I said, I was in the kitchen. When I came out, Mueller and Pike were dead, Nunez and Childs were hit and Dunbar was gone. Because he'd shot Mueller. He whispered it in my ear. "You're gonna die tonight, faggot". Clear as day. He wanted more than that. What, "The Truth"? Please. There are degrees of truth, officer, always degrees. Things are not what they seem.West was one thing, but this -- Shut the fuck up, you fucking faggot, You just shut the FUCK UP. I don't know! We got -- I don't know, we got separated You killed him you fucking faggot -- Hey, I -- Holy fuck... holy fuck, what the fuck did you guys do? Can anybody hear me! I... Pike and I got separated... then I heard gunfire. Close. Jesus, what happened? Why? Oh, bullshit, he's a fucking convict. You know how much he hated West -- To start a fire, goddammit! What about him, huh? Maybe he offed the Sarge and changed shirts, brought an extra one in his pack. Y'ever think of that? Go ahead, cut him loose! First chance he gets, he'll waste the rest of us, that's how they work -- I was freezing from the hurricane -- I'm about two seconds away from seeing if fairies really can fly -- I remember now, it was before the explosion -- Pike and I got separated -- You better watch it, faggot, I'm not sure you and Childs didn't do him -- They found him. Poor fucker was practically blown in half -- Oh, yeah, "Excuse me, Sergeant, sir, we don't feel like going out -- we don't want to get rained on." He'll kick our asses from here to Cleveland. You ever been in a hurricane, Mueller? The faggot speaks. Tell him to shut up -- Shut up! Bullshit -- The fuck are you talking about -- We're not going anywhere. I used it to start the fire -- We all know what you did, Pike. I don't know what kind of nigger voodoo you been working in here, but -- Shut the fuck up. He was gonna cut him loose. What the fuck are you doing? Whoever shot the Sarge blew a grenade first -- What the fuck happened to you? One minute you're next to me and the next you're gone and the sky lights up like fucking Christmas -- Toughens us up, Pike. You don't like it, quit.A test will no doubt link you to the killing -- We wait and I'm a dead man. I got a black face, a criminal record, and over a hundred other cadets who'll testify how much I hated West -- my court martial will take six minutes. It's either me or them, Ray, and you gotta decide right now. There's no time to think, Ray, we gotta get out of here! You untie me, we grab the guns, get Kendall and Nunez, and make a run for it -- What don't you know? Mueller and Childs. One of them must've taken the grenade from my pack on the chopper... Way I figure it, West must have found out about their little business and was gonna bust them, so they decided to get rid of him first... That's close range. You go full auto on a guy from close range, you're gonna be swimming in blood. Look at my uniform. Nothing. From up close or far away? You saw West, right? How was he killed? Becoming a morphine addict during Basic ain't exactly something you want to broadcast. Only Mueller and Childs know. Pull up my sleeve. Right arm. Combat grade morphine. Mueller sold it to me. Just look. Little pocket. Look in my pack. Enough to go to prison? Childs' PX scam, Mueller was in on it -- Who you gonna trust, Ray? Him or your friend? We're sweeping our area and suddenly he's gone. Couple minutes later, phosphorous grenade pops off about a third of a click away -- Mueller. Ray, this is my life here. I ain't gonna pretend I'm not happy West is gone, but you know I couldn't have done this. It's not in me. Which anyone coulda taken out of my gear on the chopper. Were you watching your pack on the ride in? Maybe, but that don't make me a killer -- You gotta untie me. I didn't do this thing, Ray. Right? Do I? Why? Roberto, what the fuck? Wandering through a hurricane trying to find this place. It's gettin' bad out there -- Where's West? I mean I killed him. Isn't that what we all wanted? West's. Any kindling for afire? Although that won't matter much when coupled with the murder charge -- Someone else can do the deed, it doesn't have to be you. Maybe Nunez too, he's got a tendency to follow Mueller, but the rest of us can come out ahead -- the guys who took out their Sergeant's killers! We'll move the bodies out to the creek and say we came over the hill right as they fragged West, all we gotta do is tell the story right. Mueller. He's as bad as West and we both know it. Now I can't do it, cause I'm tied up, but we get the others to go along -- A gay Senator's son who let his Sarge get fragged on a training exercise? The press'll crucify you and your father. His career will be over and it'll be your fault. But we do this different and you come out a hero. The thing is, we've got a real opportunity here. You turn me in tomorrow and we're both fucked -- -- failure to comply with this arrest is a court martialable offense in and of itself -- Until we return to base, and ballistics can match your weapon to the slugs in Sergeant West's body -- You are to be stripped of all weapons and placed under guard -- Cadet Michael Mueller, I hereby place you under military arrest for the murder of Sergeant Nathan West -- Goddammit, Ray, we gotta get out of here -- Still got mine on, not a speck of blood on it. Not a bad trick for a murderer -- you said you burned yours? Where's your shirt, Mueller? This place is going, Mueller. We gotta move -- Thank God... Blame the nigger, then, huh? Someone turns up dead, you just look for the darkest face in the crowd -- What the fuck happened to you -- Hurricane's due after midnight and we're still going out?Ma'am, Ray Dunbar's black. You mean Ray Dunbar? Well, that ain't right. Funny. I swear I saw them bring him and the smaller guy in this morning. Terrible tragedy. One of those Section Eight boys worked in here. Pike. Heard he got out okay. Sign here and here. Hey, ain't you the folks workin' on that whole hulabaloo from last night?For the last time, I have no idea what you're talking about -- You're crazy -- You want to get into a finger pointing contest about character? The army kicked you out for drugs, the cops fired you for taking bribes from a mobster, and you think you can stand there and lecture me on codes of conduct? There's only one criminal standing in this room and it's you. I'm not even going to dignify that -- I wanted to see if he was okay -- That's preposterous -- Or what? You've gone round the bend -- You're drunk -- What are you talking about? I thought you said that wasn't a compliment. Don't be. I'm not cut out to deal with the West's of the world. The Senator... You think you could explain all this to me? Maybe. But it's my fault and I'll carry it. It's over. Time of death was 4:42. JAG's been notified and I called the Senator myself. My report will reflect that his medical condition made this unavoidable... you two had no culpability in the matter. Does Osborne agree? Was dead right. You think Dunbar's on the level? What the hell are you talking about -- What about the confession? Tom, where are you going -- JAG gets here in three hours. Try for the confession. Not for me. Nevertheless -- Without the body we have no physical proof. We need a confession. Habeas Corpus -- you have to have a body to have a crime. We've already been over the terrain twice. Nothing. Who killed Pike? He can wait. Kendall's out of surgery. Tom, bottom line: I let those kids go out there. If JAG shows up and I don't have any answers for them, my career is finished -- The guy in interrogation said he'd only talk to a cop. Cadet Roberto R. Nunez. Killed right in front of me. No, the problem is one's dead, one's got a bullet in his arm, and one won't talk. The one who won't talk was trading live fire with the dead one as we reached the pick-up. The exercise was one of his Section Eight "private sessions". Left around 2100 yesterday and were scheduled for pick up at 0630 this morning. A few years ago, the Army picked our good buddy as their go to non-com to trot out to the press to talk about the kinder, gentler military. He even did the standard video greeting played to all incoming Basic cadets across the country. The official term for it is "Clusterfuck". By the time Beth hit us, I'd canceled all off base exercises save one -- a six man cadet team and their Drill out in the bush. We're missing three and the Sergeant. The cadets are in their eighth week of the cycle, nobody here knows much about them, up to and including their names. But the Sergeant... This is Warrant Officer Julia Osborne, the closest thing we have to an in- house investigator. Would I have called you if it wasn't? If there was any other way -- Been better. I read about what's been happening with you... I should have called -- The army kicked you out for drugs... Gets on his plane in ten minutes, which means you two are done. You'll understand if I don't walk you out. I'm giving you a chance to walk away. You both know if you do this, if you go after a Senator's son and you're wrong... it's not just me in the hot seat anymore. You want Kendall, don't you? What do you think? You think he did it? I called the JAG Corps, the two cadets we retrieved are to be flown to D.C. on a transport leaving here at 1700 -- Then it's unofficial. He's former Army and the best I've ever seen in a room. Besides, he knows the territory, we did Basic together here. You've had three hours with Dunbar and haven't gotten a peep, we need to take a different tack. He asked to see a policeman, we're getting him a policeman.Sir, yes, sir! Sir, yes, sir! Sir, yes, sir! Sir, yes, sir!What the fuck is going on? The rest of you, fallout for physicals! Dunbar you are to stand here and guard this nigger for the next twenty- four hours! He is not to be given food, water, or clothes! If he so much as moves, you are to blow his nigger brains out, is that clear? You know how to work a pistol, Dunbar? Cadet, what's your name! LZ is two clicks North of a cabin, you are to split into teams of two and work your way through your designated area blasting as many targets as you can find! Each area has twenty targets, first team to take all twenty and find the cabin wins! Teams are as follows -- Dunbar and Nunez, Pike and Mueller, Kendall and Childs! Some of you may have heard there's a hurricane coming! American soldiers do not wait for good weather -- they do not wait for a bright sunshiney day to do their duty! An American Soldier learns to operate in the worst conditions and turn said conditions into an advantage against their enemy! Anyone who thinks these conditions are too harsh, feel free to lay down and die, you get me? So forget what you've seen on Sixty fucking Minutes about the kinder, gentler military -- you will either succeed, quit, or die by my hand! In my time I have killed sixteen men for the good of my country, sixteen men whose entrance into this Army I could not condone, as it would weaken the fabric of this nation's defense! This base suffers an average of three training accidents a year, unfortunate incidents that I will not hesitate to repeat if you cross me, understand -- give me a sir, yes, sir! Those who I deem unworthy to pass through this camp will quit, and those who refuse to quit I will kill. You ever hear of a training accident -- give me a sir, yes, sir! You motherfuckers have just made the worst mistake of your lives! You have chosen to join my Army! This Army is my mother, my father, and my little virgin sister and I will not allow anyone or anything that is not up to my standards near her pretty little virgin cooze, do you understand me -- give me a sir, yes, sir!