Blow me. Yellow means go, Kimmy. Blow me. Yellow means go, Kimberly. Yeah. Who does he think he is? Knight Rider? Calm down, Kimmy. It's not drugs, just weed. Blow me.Evan Shaeffer's dead. Guess he wasn't as lucky as we thought. Good. Cause we just got some new info and I don't need you getting freaky on me. I thought we were finished with this bullshit. This is police work, not the psychic Hot Line. Tell me you didn't start up on that Flight 180 shit again. Did you?So if you never got off the plane, none of us would be alive in the first place. I'm not sure I understand. Um, Clear? I'm sorry...about before. I... What, you think Death planned for each of us to die in the pile up weeks ago? You're nuts. Jury duty? That's randomly selected by social security numbers.Dano, shouldn't we stop and help your mother? Dano, shouldn't we stop and help your mother? Who? A Trans Am. That shit went out with New Kids on the Block. Yeah, you should have specified. Dano, shouldn't we go back and help your mother?She did. Take a guess. We had a fight. Some things got broken, the dog went crazy, she left me. Wouldn't say where she was going. No. What's this about? Maybe. What's this about? What?I don't know what I'd do if I lost you. There were so many times I didn't think I could last another day. I can't even tell you some of the things I thought about. I'm sorry. I'm just so happy that you're safe. What feeling? I mean it. Take care of it. Your car's leaking either transmission or brake fluid. I want you to have it checked ASAP at a gas station. Kimberly? It's Dad. Your mother would have been so proud of the way you've handled yourself through all of this... I know, honey. I just -- Fix-A-flat? Road flares? Sunblock? Mace? You have everything, Kimberly? Credit card, cell phone, AAA card?Freaked me out so bad I hid in a shopping cart for four hours. 'Course, missed the show... I had tickets to go, but one day I'm in Paris, trippin' on acid, sippin' lattes an' such, and this dude gets whacked by a falling sign. That lucky bastard. Yeah, so what happened? But why single me out? What am I in the great scheme of things? You'd think I stepped off Flight 180 or something... Fucking weird, man. Here's what I don't get. For nine months, Death does all this shit to make sure I win these tickets and end up on Route 18 at exactly the right time for the pile up... Anyway, I guessed it right and won these. Last July I dialed a wrong number and got a radio station by accident. They asked me what number means "good luck" in Jewish. Just shut the fuck up and maybe you'll live. Yeah, I hate to love and leave ya, but I've been over this X-Files shit since the sixth season. Would you take these? And if I die... Could you throw all my drugs out? Paraphernalia, porno, you know... Anything that would break my mom's heart. And you're gonna die after me, right? When I die. Is it gonna hurt? Can I ask you a question? The best way to get to Yankee Stadium is Route 18. Hey, don't be knockin' the Chevette.I've got to stop and help those people. Damn, they always stick me with the clunker. Hopefully the district judge can straighten it all out by Monday morning.Don't sweat it. It's over. Then the only way to survive is to get to the hospital and protect Eugene and Isabella for as long as we can. Here we go. The vehicle's a delivery van registered to Jorge and Isabella Cruz. And Christ, there's almost a dozen domestic disturbance complaints on these two. Taken care of. Remember the onramp? There was a pregnant woman in a white delivery van. Should we knock? What? You've made your point. Look, you weren't there. It was weird. She knew that log truck was gonna cause an accident, she knew. Never mind. Of course not. That would be irresponsible and unprofessional. Does she have a cell phone? A way we can contact her? What was the fight about? May we come in? Are you Jorge Cruz? I'm Officer Burke. I'm looking for an Isabella Cruz. Yeah, don't make me cite you for harassment. I know. I can feel it too. That's crazy. You can't give up now. We can still fight this thing. Then what's the premonition of the lake supposed to mean? Impossible. She was on the onramp. But it's over. Isabella's baby was the key. You saw her die and everything, right? Are you okay? You just face planted! No time. Keep going. I wouldn't know how to explain any of this anyway. Kalarjian? I wasn't worried about us. Um, Kimberly? This is a neighborhood. You may wanna slow it down. Stop it, don't move him! You said she was going to drive into a lake. How can she when she's in protective custody? Guys, let's not panic. Isabella's safe. Whoa, nine months? Hey, I'm a police officer, remember? Shit, I don't have her number. She was never interviewed. She took off right after the accident. It sounds all well and good, but what if we're wrong? New life defeats death? Follow the signs? Where the hell did you find that guy? Who is this guy, anyway? I did. And right now, I don't think she cares. Nora's not coming. She refuses to leave her son. Hold on. I'm not following you -- I didn't. Until I was dispatched to clean up one of the Flight 180 survivors. I know. I've gotten calls all morning from everyone who was on the onramp. We're all meeting at my apartment tonight. I tried calling last night but your father -- You mean Alex Browning. Like what? Do you remember what triggered it all? Tell me again how it started. Alright miss, calm down. I just need this lane open. I need you to pull your vehicle onto the shoulder! What's going on here?You think the tooth fairy's gonna come tonight? I'm thinkin' like fifteen bucks. You think... You think those guys were b.s.-ing us today or what? Mom? Jeez, Mom, stop trippin'. Who am I, David Blane? Damn, it really hurts, Mom.