No, no... listen, when I get back to New York we'll meet with the Board. Chain saws. Hey, smart-ass, I'm up here right now in a... luxury alpine retreat, with a two million dollar view of the lake. You tell them if they come up to seventy-five, I'll cut them in on the Crystal Lake package. Fifty? We need seventy-five. Really? How much? Hello? I want to look at the rest of the house. There doesn't seem to be any water damage. Kind of cozy, actually. Help me with this. Structure might be salvageable... let's see what the interior looks like. You learn something new every day. Let's go. You have a map. Yeah? Great. Get rid of them. Jesus Christ! I don't think you're getting in the spirit of things, Janet. We'll buy whatever studies we need -- Beautiful trees... sturdy trunks... lots of branches... We can do some great logging up here. We're not talking about truth, we're talking about perception. And the perception is that Crystal Lake means inbred psychopaths running around the hills with axes and hockey masks chopping up teenagers. That, my dear, is what we call an _image problem_. And do you think they like the fact that half the country thinks Crystal Lake is filled with corpses? Do you think they like the fact that tourism has dropped ninety-eight percent in the last ten years?You want to put in chain saws? Don't tell me you're still thinking of buying Casa de Psycho... Ken, we've been through this... Fifty. Ken, it's Bruce. Listen, we've got a nibble on the Pendleton financing. Janet, goddamnit, what's going on? Who's there? Janet, are you okay? Are you there? Yeah. Ken said there was another guy there... _big_ guy... then he dropped the phone. What's going on? What about that other guy? Where's Ken? Is he all right? Who is this? What's going on?Who? What happened? What? Some kind of emergency back at the Sheriff's Station. Four deputies shot... some kind of explosion... I don't know what's going on, but they're panicking back there. I can't wait to hear your opening argument. "Ladies and Gentlemen of the Jury... the Defense will prove that Jason Voorhees did not kill all of these people. They, in fact, committed mass suicide and then buried themselves in his back yard..." Ruby, come on. You witnessed a brutal triple murder and you're having trouble accepting it. Think about what you're saying. You really expect a jury to believe that Jason has a mystery killer living in his tummy? You're about to be a media darling -- you might want to dress the part. And we're in the center ring. You sure you want to wear that blazer? That's my job. I'm not sure I'd call them murder exactly. More like a couple of bar fights that got out of hand.Take it easy, Ruby... it's all right. Now, try to think clearly... don't you mean _Jason's_ hand... don't you mean he grabbed a scalpel and slashed Doctor Layton's throat? Who's chest? Ruby... this guy almost took out an entire Tactical Response Team. You can't expect me to just leave you -- That's right. Wasn't on any of the maps... we could barely see it through the underbrush. Place must've been abandoned for twenty years. Compared to this guy... amateur. Shit. We're still putting the victim list together. You'll need a forklift for the case file. I suggest you hire some help, and don't expect to get a lot of sleep for the next few months. You're about to defend the most notorious serial killer in American history. Your... client is being booked right now. He'll be in cell five.