Dr. Grey. Power went out again in our wing. It's not shrink-appropriate to be afraid of the dark, you know? What am I afraid of? Write a little country music, decline invites to grand social events, drink myself to sleep -- the usual. You? Again? So is golfing, I'm told.   Who was your six o'clock? I hear Manhattan's full of them. Good girl. Miranda, my wife keeps wanting to set that dinner with you and Doug. Are you free tonight? You've been here a year already, Dorothy's starting to take this personal. How's next Wednesday? Nah, telephone post just decided to fall. It'll take us a while to clear this up so I'm afraid you're gonna have to take the long way home, Miranda. And tell your husband he owes me a phone call. That a girl. The law never sleeps and all that. You take care now. Giving you something to calm down. Just take this and we can sit down and chat. Fifty milligrams. Twenty. We can discuss it at length after you take your meds. Miranda, this is very awkward. Technically I shouldn't even be treating you but the court has granted us a waiver until you're transferred. So whatever is said here won't leave this room. I won't tell Parsons, I won't tell anyone. You can't to that. Sit down, please. Try to relax. I understand you're upset. But we need to put some things in order. How long have you been here? Just answer the question.    Humor me. I don't mean how long you've worked here, I mean how long you've been staying here. Of course you're a doctor. A great doctor in fact. You were admitted to the neurosurgical unit seizing violently. That lasted three days. Scans revealed left-sided weakness, numbness and severe fontal lobe deficits. You came out of it and tested negative for PCP, underwent extensive hypnosis and received amytal injections. You were tied down for a day and a half so you wouldn't hurt yourself and then you went into a state of, well -- You've been pretty much catatonic. This is the first time you speak. You're the most logical person I know, bar none. Plus you have a photographic memory -- unconfirmed, but you do remember events and phrases more accurately than anyone around. Why am I telling you this? And that's a fair assessment, no? Two hundred percent. Don't analyze yourself, just focus on remembering. And then what? And then what? There was indeed an accident, you were detoured by the cops. But there's no report of any girl. What about your husband, what can you tell me about him? Wasn't there? You don't remember anything else. Anything at all? He's dead. I'm positive. You killed him. Don't be too hard on yourself, Dr. Grey. You haven't done anything wrong. Not your fault. Patients always find a way to hurt themselves if that's what they want. Yes. No. I didn't think it would help you. It means they wouldn't have let me treat you if they thought I had any kind of involvement in what happened. Did I what? No. We got disconnected and I couldn't get through to you. I sat there waiting all night. Figured you'd changed your mind. Because the only way you'll be able to accept these events is if you remember them on your own. My job is to assist you in processing that information because you're not in a frame of mind to do it by yourself. The subject is you don't trust me. You want to talk about today? I think that's premature. Hello, Miranda. Of course. Well, actually, I'm about to... What about him? Are you complaining about his methods or are you referring to the nature of your past relationship with him? He explained there might be a conflict of interest because he has feelings for you. You two engaged in a kiss at one point. Am I right? I told him we're all grownups here and the fact is he's the best doctor on my staff. As such, and given the severity of the charges you face, I consider him the most qualified person to assist your recovery. Now, if you'll excuse me, Sheriff Ryan is not a patient man. Miranda. Thank you kindly. I'm here as your lawyer. So whatever my relationship was with Doug is no longer of consequence. First things first, how are they treating you? You know this place better than anyone. Anything out of the ordinary? The DA is pushing for a hearing as soon as next week. They're eager to resolve this situation because -- well, crimes like this don't happen that often around here. Doug was a hometown boy who'd done good, beloved high school principal, a role model. Our best shot -- scratch that, our only shot -- is to claim temporary insanity. Frankly, no. Neighbors heard screams. They have you at the scene, they have the murder weapon and they have your prints everywhere. The only thing they don't have is motive. And that's what's confusing them. The fact that you're a brilliant psychiatrist doesn't help either. It fills their heads with ideas. They figure if you were to plan a murder you might know how to fake insanity to get out of it. It doesn't matter what I believe. I can't help you if you don't talk to me. I can stand here all day. All week. You're the one running out of time. What does it mean? Then who? You're going to have to trust me. Because no matter what's going through your mind right now, I haven't done anything wrong. You admit you're having a hard time differentiating what's reality from what's hallucination, right? So isn't it at least possible that -- How about this moment right now? Is this a hallucination? Which is why I suggest we simply increase your dose until -- Alright. Let's say you didn't write this -- I think it's time you look at these. You wrote that. Any idea why? You're the only person who can figure out what this means. Try to remember. Stop holding back. Dorothy, I can't discuss this now -- I'm not taking it lightly, no.   We will talk about it at home. Yes, dear. Me too. I'm so sorry about this, Miranda. Has Pete told you about the hearing? Teddy already filled her in. Teddy Howard is top notch. He's going to do everything in his power -- and he's quite resourceful -- to prove you're not fit to stand trial. Miranda, I know you have no family left, so we're your family now and we're all going down to the wire to protect you and help you in any way we -- Excuse me? My daughter. You're obviously mistaken. Miranda, you've seen that photograph at least a dozen times, every time you've been in this office. You're just confused -- No, she's not... all right. Rachel committed suicide six years ago. Miranda, that's none of your -- That's okay. Rachel was a very troubled girl. Handicapped since birth. She was born mute. My wife and I tried everything to help her fit in but... but she ran away from home more than once, wanting to end her life. And she finally succeeded. Jumped off Ashley Bridge. She was only seventeen years old. Peter, can I speak to you? ... Textbook psychotic pattern... manifestation of guilt... ... much she knows about Rachel? I'm telling you she doesn't... Concocted alternate reality... I'm trusting you... crawling with cops. Could there be any truth to her claim? Peter, we have one hundred and forty employees. Thirty-five work maintenance. They all wear yellow shirts, it's their uniform. I'm holding a very discreet inquiry, sure -- but I don't want a news van parked outside day and night. It makes much more sense that she tried to escape and got caught, doesn't it? I perused Miranda's files on Chloe McGrath -- they're damn comprehensive. Maybe she was a bit obsessed with her. The scariest gift God gave us is our minds. And a bright person like Miranda -- she's grasping at straws here -- who knows what her brain is telling her, now that it's snapped. Yes. As a matter of fact, I was part of the search party that found the body. You can imagine. Actually, Phil was in Houston undergoing triple bypass surgery when it happened. I'm sure there are.   Can we get back on track now? Where are you going with this? First I'm a suspect in Doug's death, now what, Phil Parsons murdered his own daughter? What same M.O.? One jumped off a bridge, one hung herself and one crashed her car. Who gave you this? You heard Phil, his daughter had tried several times before -- Well, you can't. You can't because... he died. Frank Albright was an eighty-year- old retired sociology professor. This is a fluff piece about teenage depression and the breakdown of the nuclear family. You can find one in any local paper, anywhere, any other week! Listen to me. You are not well. I had hoped once you remembered the murder we could deal with your feelings about it but these fixations: Rachel Parsons, Chloe McGrath -- are self-created distractions to avoid looking into yourself. And the longer you -- Good.   Saves me the trouble. Hell, don't go all bubbly with joy or anything. You slay me, Claire.    Honest. Won't happen again, ma'am. This is gonna hurt you more than it hurts me. I've always wanted to do a doctor. The more you fight me, the harder I get, pussycat -- so pretty please, with sugar on top -- keep still. Holy shit. Lady, stay right where you are. Hands up where I can see them. Nice and slow, start talking to me. And make it good. Tell me just exactly who that is. Mr. Howard -- let me simply list the events your client was involved in last night. First she drugs a janitor, steals his car and escapes a mental institution -- Hold on, there isn't even any substantial evidence -- Mr. Howard -- there isn't evidence because the overdosed janitor hasn't woken up, that's why -- and when your client was questioned on the matter she admitted to injecting a full syringe of -- You had no right to question my client without my presence -- Mr. Howard, this is not a courtroom. Your client was read her rights and she still insisted -- -- Let me ask you this, Sheriff: what exactly was a janitor doing with several vials of sedatives inside my client's cell? And is it not possible he had taken some drugs himself before my client -- I'm not a drug expert. I'm simply stating the frigging facts. Phil, thank God -- this guy's driving me nuts! What happened? An 'incident' -- for lack of a better frigging word -- involving Miss Grey and a teenage girl who's been tortured and is in critical condition and chances are slim she'll even utter another word. Who's the girl? A runaway from Portland, Tracy Marie Seaver. Reported missing a couple weeks ago. We found Miss Grey in some barn off Willows Creek with the girl all messed up. I'm just now waiting for the surgeon to give me an update. Notice, Counselor, how I'm not even mentioning her trespassing or lying to a police officer. Christ, the woman's got the entire hospital busy -- Why are you harassing my deputies? I'm only asking him where he got the coffee -- ? He's not at liberty to answer that. You've had enough goddamn coffee already. We need to get Miranda back to the institute. She needs psychiatric care, not a prison cell. Phil, how well does your wife know the suspect? Why do you ask? Because she's at the station right now, demanding to speak with her. We can take those off now. Don't push it, Doctor. She's cuffed until your people secure her in a cell. Are you alright? Can we talk about this later? Thanks, Sheriff. Tomorrow morning first thing my deputies are here. I know, I know. We'll see you then. And my offer still stands if you need added security. Thank you. She won't go anywhere. I guarantee it. Inside, okay? What is this? They're not gonna start something, are they? We'll be right outside, Doctor. I pulled a lot of strings to get you transferred back. The best case scenario you're looking at right now is five years here. Five. Under my -- But you know that the brain is fully capable of tricking you into seeing all sorts of things. The simplest chemical deficiencies can -- I'm a very open-minded person, but as a doctor -- Is that a threat? To me. You're making a complete fool of yourself. Do you realize what you sound like? This proves that her story is true: my daughter appeared to her in some form and guided her through all this, putting things right. Come on, Phil, you of all people -- I of all people hold logic, reason and facts above everything else. And seek the truth through proof and proof only. And what do you call that? Has it occurred to you that maybe she knew what her husband was doing to those girls? No.   Frankly, it hasn't. Maybe she couldn't stand the guilt and cooked up this far-fetched tale to tug at everybody's heartstrings. The fact remains she hacked her husband to pieces. The fact remains my daughter was murdered and Miranda stopped the killer. A killer who was loose under your incompetent nose for over six years. We don't know how many future victims were spared, but we do know she saved that girl in the barn's life. And that's more than you or I can say -- ! Calm down. For the record, that girl is on a ventilator. The doctors don't think she'll make it through tonight. Now, you want to stand up in a courtroom and tell a judge that a ghost is behind all this, that's your prerogative -- but I have to abide by the law. And the law says Miranda Grey faces criminal chargers. So here's what we're going to do. I'm going to leave a cruiser outside to make sure you don't go anywhere tonight and two of my deputies will go guard Ms. Grey until tomorrow morning. Phil? There will be no breakouts, no aiding and abetting, no taking the law into your own hands. It'll take an Act of God for Miranda Grey not to show up in that courtroom tomorrow. Are we clear? I'm sorry. I will never forgive myself for what happened to you. Not as long as I live. I miss you so much. Help you? We're here on Miranda Grey detail. Sixth floor. You can get a couple chairs from the nurses up there. A pretty decent cup of joe too. Thanks, guys. Although why the Sheriff is making you fellas waste your time is beside me. We got her right here. She ain't going no place. Looks perfectly harmless, doesn't she? Don't they all, Officer, don't they all? Shit.   There goes the card game. Officer Turlington, ma'am. We're supposed to sit outside Miranda Grey's cell all night. Christ Almighty. Sheriff? I have Miss Grey right here. Sorry, we thought you might have made a run for it. Everybody accounted for? We're doing the final count.   Now they can't find the Sheriff. Are you alright, Miranda? What's going on, Officer? One of your patients is holding the Sheriff at gunpoint. She's in the cafeteria. I think Doctor Grey should be the one to talk to her. Young lady, I don't know how you think you can get out of here, but -- Turlington, it's alright. I can -- I'm just going to -- The grownups are -- are talking now. Just leave. What are you talking about? You've lost your mind. Miranda, don't do it! And just exactly who would believe you? No proof, no living witness. Everybody knows you're crazy. I want that woman in custody. She has a judge to face in the morning. I'll call your lawyer and -- ! Sir, not now -- I'll meet you at the station! Sir, please -- What? Her condition remains the same. Basically that ventilator is keeping her alive. We have no reason to think she'll ever wake up. I'm sorry. You mind if I stay here tonight? Hey, it's a big place. The more the merrier. If I can just ask you to wait outside. That's me.   Excuse me. Clear! How did you know? This isn't one of your word association games, Doctor. Did Douglas tell you that night? Maybe it's your amnesia. Maybe you blocked it out. You think me and Doug are monsters. That this was all a carefully laid out plan with those girls. But it wasn't that at all. You do things sometimes and you're not sure why you did them. Then you realize you can live with them and so can everyone else. Life goes on. One thing about fear is it makes people say the dumbest things. My only problem is you. I hate a bad bluffer. Go ahead, hit me back. It's what you want. Back to profiling, huh? Your thought process is completely transparent. I guess we'll find out. Trust me, prisoners hang themselves with just about anything. Don't worry, you'll scream. Take off your shirt. Take it off. But I can smash your teeth out and make it look like you bashed your head against the wall. Now shut up, take off your goddamn shirt and pull off your bra. Today, Doctor. Doug mentioned you were painfully 'modest.' But enough about you, let's discuss Rachel. She was no crippled saint. Wasn't the first time she turned up at Doug's house all messed up. It wasn't some satanic pact, society didn't make us do it. But I believe given the proper circumstances a person is capable of anything -- certainly in my line of work you see it day in, day out. Tell you what, keep the shirt. The bra will do. Chin up, Doctor. You wanted to get to the bottom of this and you did. You followed it all the way through. This is how it ends. Doug settled down once you two got married. New start and all that. Wanted nothing to do with this runaway I'd found, Tracy Seaver -- Or so he claimed. Because the truth, Doc -- is people never change. The son of a bitch couldn't resist. I asked him to dump the body and instead he went found some barn to work her out of his system some more. Go fucking figure. You can't count on anyone, even friends you've had your whole life. The only soul you can ever count on is yourself -- Why, Doctor.   That was unexpected. You sure about this? You need me alive for your story to stick. Be logical now. You know you can't kill me. Anybody in here -- ? Sheriff Ryan? Sheriff? Jesus H. Christ. It's been my pleasure, Miss McGrath. Good luck out there. Hey, you never know. It's a small world, unless you have to clean it. 