Hey Mordechai, look. I dropped a penny. Hey Jew nose, save some oxygen for us. Hey everybody! Look what Mordechai got. Nice spinning top Morty. Yes Mrs. Highsmith. Happy Hanukkah Maccabee. Thanks Hammer! Thanks for the invite Mrs. Kleinman, but right now G dash d's the only one for me. Shabat Shalom! Give it back! Give me back my yarmulke! Hey Teddy, throw me the frisbee. We...we were going to give it back. I swear to god. Did you just take god's name in vain? No, no. It...It's not like that. We were just about... Just about to leave, right? Yeah, yeah, that's right. We were just about to leave. C'mon Teddy. You alright? I guess. Sometimes I wonder why I even bother praying to one god. Hey, hey! Be proud of who you are. You're a bad, bold, big-nosed, biblical brother. You feelin' me? Yeah. You're right. Aveenooh Shalom Alechem little brother. Thanks Hammer. Stay Jewish. Happy Hanukkah Tikva. So, what's shakin' Yenta. Okay, what's the information? Anything else? But we're not open on Sundays. I'll be in my office. Ho. Ho. Ho. Gentleman! Gentleman! Please! Sheket B'vakasha! Sheket B'vakasha! Hey! The time for action is now. We predict that the St. Nick Day Massacre will put Hanukkah-Christmas relations back at least a hundred years. With this meshuggena new Santa Claus in power, Hanukkah is in jeopardy. Our first order of business is to put into motion a plan to create goodwill towards the Jewish Community. Mr. Chairman of the Worldwide Jewish Media Conspiracy. Yes Chief. We need your people to crank out a couple more award winning documentaries on the Holocaust, possibly a new Adam Sandler movie. What's wrong with Adam Sandler movies? Frankly, I don't care what you think. I think you're a putz. Focus people. Our next order of business is to assign an agent to track Santa's activities. Step in and use force if the situation calls for it. We need to put the toughest Jew we have on the case. Suggestions? Suggestions, anybody? What about Steven Spielberg? C'mon, he made ET. We need someone tough people. What about Itzahk Perlman? He's in a wheelchair for crying out loud. Allen Greenspan? Henry Kissinger? Too old. Missing in action. Robert Shapiro? He's a lawyer. We're looking for heros people. David Copperfield? What's he gonna do, make Santa disappear? Think people think. We need a hard hittin' Hebe on this one. The Hebrew Hammer? No. No way. After the way he handled that situation in the West Bank? He's the only Jew in the world too extreme for the JDL. There's a reason why we kicked him out of our ranks, sweetheart. We need a man who can follow orders. A man with self-control. We need a man... ...We need a man who can get the job done. It was the day before Hanukkah when she strolled into my office. Come in. Please, call me Mordechai. From the way she carried herself I could tell she'd been around the block a few times... Oh, the things I would do to her if I had the... Client notes. Sorry. What can I do for you? How is old Chief Bloomenbergensteinenthal? Is he still shtooping every girl he can get his hands on? Your mother? Oh. Whoops. I'm sorry to hear about Santa. He was a good friend, but my days... Sorry Shiksa, I think you got the wrong office. I'm the Hebrew Hammer. Mike Hammer's down the hall. Listen. Esther, you seem like a nice girl, so I'm only gonna say this once. I no longer affiliate myself with that organization. The politics there were brutal. Besides, I've already got a full case load. That's...uh...that's all done electronically now. I hate to cut you short, but in an hour the sun goes down, and then it's officially the Sabbath. I can't work on the Sabbath. This is where we're going to have to part ways boobola. Be my guest. But I have to warn you, I'm going to my mother's for dinner tonight. And if you think I'm difficult, wait till you meet her. Shabat Shalom mama. I brought some Manischewitz. The black label. Oy vey, I'm stuffed. Mom, I think we've had enough. Mom! Esther works for the JDL. They sent her to try and recruit me back to save Hanukkah for them. What she doesn't seem to understand is that nothing, not even god himself could convince me to ever work for them again. Not my problem. If you'll excuse me now, I need to use the bathroom. Mom, where do you keep the plunger? So, what did you two ladies discuss while I was gone. Mom, stop with this already. Of course I love you. You're my mother. Mom, I have a real job. I do good things for this community. I help people. So don't show a picture. Oh. Oh, What. So, all of a sudden my saving Hanukkah's not good enough for you? Is that what your saying? No. No. We're gonna argue. And you know what mom? I'm going to save Hanukkah just to spite you. And when my face is all over the television. When your friends are opening their Hanukkah gifts next year, don't mention it to them, okay? I wouldn't want you to have to show my picture. Mom, why don't you put that cat out of its misery? Jew Confirmation Test initiated. You've gotta be kidding me. They're still doing this? Please state your full Hebrew name. Mordechai Baruch Netanyahoo. Please state the six dishes found on the Passover Seder plate in alphabetical order? Beitzah, Charoset, Chazeret, Karpas, Maror, and Zeroa. Please demonstrate musical aptitude. Please step forward and remove your undergarments. Oooh. That's cold. Circumcision confirmed. Final test initiated. Hello? Can anybody hear me? I think this machine is broken or something. Hello? This is ridiculous! I didn't even want to come here. I shlep all the way out to the middle of nowhere, for lord knows what purpose, and... I am so unhappy with this situation. Why Mordechai? Why do you always feel it necessary to do what other people want you to do? Why can't you be your own man... Come on. Come on. He's still got it. Welcome back Hammer. Since you've been gone Hammer, some things have changed around here. Our agents are now subjected to a strict physical training regiment. Take a look. A minion practicing Jew-do, the deadly fighting art. Cool. There's more. Follow me. We've even relaxed our centuries old admissions criteria. Mordechai Jefferson Carver, I'd like for you to meet the Jewish Defense League's first black Jewish agent. A close personal friend of mine, agent Sammy Davis Jr. Jr. The Hebrew Hammer? I've heard about this cat. Your beautiful babe. Keep on keeping on. Alright. I'll, uh, keep doing that. Sammy, if you'll excuse us, Mordechai and I have business to attend to. You two cats keeps purrin'. Alright Mordechai, now that we're alone I just want to say that I'm not happy about this. I don't want a repeat of that incident in the West Bank. I got the job done didn't I? I did what I had to do. A settlement completely demolished, ten smashed army jeeps, four dead Arabs. G dash D damn it, Hammer! You think you're above the Ten Commandments? Just find Santa Claus and bring him back to us. No heroics, got it? Hey, it's your Bar Mitzvah. I'm just readin' the Torah portion. Well it's good to see that you can be so nonchalant about the whole thing. I guess I could be chalant about it, but then again I'm not even sure if that's a word. Listen Chief, we could stand around arguing all day, but I gotta case to crack. What's your first move? I'm gonna pay a visit to the K.L.F. See if they've got the 411 on Santa's location. I'll check in with you when I know more. You be careful Hammer. The fate of Hanukkah rests squarely on your shoulders. Okay. You guys have seriously got to stop with that stuff. That's a lot of pressure to put on one Jew. I'm only human you know. I'm already shvitzing about the whole thing. You know, believe it or not, I'm allowed to make mistakes, too. I can only do the best that I can do, and that's just gonna have to be good enough for all of you. Just...just stop with that. Okay? Alright, I'm out of here. Oh shit! Hey, yo, we got ourselves a visitor. Who is it? It's some pimped out Hebrew dude in a caddy. The Hebrew Hammer! My main Kike! Mohammed Ali Paula Abdul Rahim. My main nigga! You...you just called him a Kike. And you. You just called him a Nigger. Well it's okay when we call each other that. Oh. So Morde-chai, tell me, what brings your bad self down to the KLF? I'm back on the job for the JDL. You hear about that crazy white boy who took over as Santa? Oh, most definitely. Got the brothers here in full alert mode. Gotta always be cool under pressure. You know what I'm sayin. True dat. True dat. So, what's the word on the street? Word is that papa's got a brand new bag, and it's velvety red, and it ain't gonna be overnight Fed-Exed to Jerusalem. If you know what I mean. Actually, I...I don't. What does that mean? Oh. It means that Santa's gonna fuck Hanukkah's shit up. Not if I can help it. You got any information for me? I don't. But I know somebody who does. Jamal, I'd like for you to meet the Hebrew Hammer. 'Sup. I'd like for you to tell him what you told me. A'ight, a'ight, cool. Yo, it's like this. That nigga Santy Claus be trippin'. First that motherfucker kills his own pops, then he start talkin' 'bout bustin a cap in Hanukkah's ass. Next, the racist motherfucker kick my ass out the workshop, sayin' that there ain't no room for no little colored elves like me. Can you believe that shit? Yo, if it wasn't for the arthritis in my joints, you best believe that I'd be... ...blam! blam! blam! Bustin' caps all up in his ass. You know what I'm sayin'? Is there anything else you can tell me? His hangouts, his next move, anything? Well, come to think of it, there is one thing. Before I left, I was packin' up my shit and I overheard the nigga talkin' to some business pahtnah or something. Sayin that he'd meet him today at some joint called Duke's. Round five o'clock if my memory serves. When he got off the phone and jetted, I scoped the room for some jewelry, cash, whatevers. You know, a severance package. Didn't find any duckets, but I did snatch this. Thanks little brother, you've been a big help. Shit fool, ain't no thang. If it wasn't for my real brothers here at the K.L.F., I'd be shining shoes at the train station or getting my afro tossed up against a velcro wall in some redneck bar somewhere. I finally gots a place where I belong. Fuck Christmas. I'm all about smoking blunts and pimpin' bitches. I'm all about Kwanzaa nigga! He's new. He's still got a long way to go before he understands the true meaning of Kwanzaa. Thanks again Mo, you always deliver the goods. You watch your back Hammer. Hanukkah might just be his first move. For all we know Kwanzaa could be next. There's a lot of brothers counting on you. If you fail... Okay, look. I'm going to work really, really hard on this one. But, please stop with the pressure. I'm already tense as it is. It's cool. It's cool. Aveenooh Shalom Alechem, brother. Alekem Salam. It's me. He's on his way. Pfff. Shit nigga, ain't no thang. Hey, yo Santy Claus, so does this mean that you gonna make me an official elf now? That's some cold shit. Utopian model of efficiency my ass! Ever since you took charge, this place has been more like a sweatshop. We know our rights Santa! You're in violation of the union regulations! We're going on strike! Really? Manischewitz. Straight up. Usually we don't serve your kind. But since you had the balls to walk in here, Kike, I'll pour you one last drink before we lynch you. Actually, can I have the black label? I figure if this is my last drink, you might as well leave the bottle. Be my guest. Do you guys take Shekels? I just got back from a trip in Israel, and all I've got is a fistful of Shekels. 5733. That was a good year for me. Shabat Shalom, motherfuckers. Papa, Papa! Mommy says that every time you hear the sound of a bell ringing an angel gets his wings! Mom, dad. How come you made me Jewish? What? It's a Hanukkah bush. Shlomo, you okay? Mommy says that every time you hear the sound of a bell ringing, an angel gets his wings! Huh. Mommy says that every time you hear the sound of a bell ringing, an angel gets his wings! Bootleg 'It's A Wonderful Life' from Taiwan. Sixty five percent pure. Damn! People could get hurt watching this shit. Come with me. Chaim Potok's The Chosen? Get yourself home and watch this as soon as possible. Mommy says that every time you hear the sound of a bell ringing, an angel gets his wings! Hey, hey, hey! You can beat this. Now get going. 555-55-555-55555... ...5. Chief, it's me. Listen carefully. I need for the Worldwide Jewish Media Conspiracy to mass produce video copies of every Hollywood movie ever made featuring a positive Jewish protagonist as its lead. You mean you want us to make copies of Yentl, Fiddler On The Roof, and Chaim Potok's The Chosen? That'll work. Get them out to the Jewish community stat. We got an epidemic on our hands. We're on it Hammer. How'd you do with Santa? It was a trap. I'm back at square one. Well, then I've got good news for you. We just got word that he'll be making an appearance at the Mall Of America today. I'm sending Esther to meet you there at once. Good thinking. We'll disguise ourselves as a Gentile couple to pass undetected. Now that he thinks I'm dead, this should be a piece of homentashen. One last thing Hammer. You take care of yourself. The... The fate of Hanukkah. Right. Right. Yeah, Got it. Will do. Okay, bye now. Nothing stirring here. Let's get a look at you, shall we. A power muff girls T. Very nice. Alright, now spin around. Very nice! Alright. You're cool. Go on and see Santa, sunshine. That's not fair! How come she gets to go next? We were here first! Oh really! Is that a fact? Well guess what buddy? You ain't gettin' in to see Santa today, so why don't you just turn around and high tail it home. But I've been waiting to see Santa all year. But I've been waiting to see Santa all year. You heard me. Get moving punk! He must be behind that curtain. Relax. We're undercover. We need to give off the appearance of calm. You see Esther, the trick to undercover work is to try and blend in. Act as a Gentile would. While I thank you, Gentile friend, for your generous offer of that deliciously unkosher snack, I sadly have to decline for I stuffed myself full of meat and milk product at a prior lunch engagement. Can I have everyone's attention please. In fifteen minutes, Santa's gonna have to leave. Ah, don't be like that kids. We gotta lot work to do if we're gonna get all those presents out in time. Hey! Hey! You want shitty ass presents for Christmas? You want Barbies with heads screwed on backwards? You want remote control cars without the batteries included. Then be my fucking guest! C'mon follow me. Hey, hey! Not so fast. We have to get through. It's an emergency. Sorry pal, you're gonna have to wait in line just like all the other parents. Well...umm, when you put it that way. Sure go on through. You're good! They worship the devil and sacrifice small Gentile children like me in bizarre, sadistic rituals. If you keep your mouth shut and come with me, you won't get hurt. Let me guess, you're the goy who stole Hanukkah. What's your shpiel, Santa? Sorry Santa. I like my women like my matzah. Unleavened. This is where you go down. Hey, hurry it up in there. We gotta bunch of kids... Oh shit! Please Hammer, don't hurt em'! Let's do this clean. I don't want to make a scene Santa. What are you doing? Hey everybody. How's it hangin'? C'mon! Where'd they go? I saw them go down that hallway. C'mon, let's get em'! It's over. We're doomed. What is that? You saved our lives. Thank you. How can I ever repay you...? Where are we? What is this place? That got annoying fairly quickly. Tickets please. Thanks for riding the Underground Jewish Railroad. If you plan on returning today, please make sure to get you hands stamped before you leave the alley. Nah, we're kosher. Thanks though. Now we wait for Santa to make his next move. Want to get a drink? What was that!? Oh. Yeah, about once a week! I said, yeah, about once a week! Would you like to dance? I'm okay right now. Thanks though. Hey Morty, wanna cut a rug? Nah, I'm good. I'm kind of here with somebody. Oh. Okay. Maybe next time. Yeah. Maybe next time Joshua. Take it easy. Well Shalom there mister! Do we know each other? No, but we have mutual friends. The name's Feygele. Chaim Feygele. Mordechai. My friends call me Morty. So Morty, I just love a man in a black suit. Care to dance. Uhhh. You know, I...have to go to the bathroom. I'll be right back. Hey there. Do you want to get out of here? Sorry. I'm better with men. You mean like disco dancing or doing the funky chicke...Oh. I get it. Now we're talking Boobola. Yes Esther. Oh. Okay. I want to have lots of children by you. Get a good paying, stable job. Settle down in Long Island somewhere. Someplace nice. Fancy. But not fancy schmancy. I want for our children to go to private schools and take music lessons. Little Abraham will go to Stanford for college, Batya will go Ivy League, maybe Vassar. Afterwards they'll make the decision as to whether or not they'd like to continue their religious studies in Israel. Because, hey, after all we'll have practiced the highly effective assertive democratic style of child rearing, sprinkled with a healthy dose of liberalism. Also, on a daily basis, I want you to tell me what to do, where to do it, and how I should live my life. Antihistamine. It's for my allergies. The capsules make me gassy. You know, I've been thinking about what Santa's got planned for us next. Maybe he'll... Oh, she said that, did she? What else did Mommy Dearest have to say? When did you guys have this conversation? When I was in the bathroom? What else did she have to say? What? You made a deal with my mother to sleep with me if I'd help you?! What does that make you? What does that make me? And my mother. What does that make her? Oh my god. She's become my pimp. And she's whoring her bitch-son out to the highest bidder. Always meddling in my life. This is so typical of her. But from you? I thought we had something good here. I'm sorry Esther, I just don't think we can see each other romantically anymore. Hammer here. Hammer, it's the Chief. We've got ourselves a situation. Get yourself down here, I've got something you need to see. Mordechai. Thank god you're here. What's up? About an hour ago, we received this transmission from the North Pole. Looks like I got a plane to catch. Take Esther with you, you'll need the backup. No way, it's too dangerous. Besides, my days of hooking are over. Did I miss something here? It's a long story. I'll explain when I get back from saving the clock. Alone. Tail him. He's gonna need the help. Do you speak English? Yes. Chello. Chello. I need to rent your biggest Cadillac. Preferably lowered, with white wall tires. I'm so sorry sir, but somebody just rented our last Chadillac. Well what else do you have? Well, we do have a Ch... Whatever it is, I'll take it. Go, go, go! What's this doing here? No time. Besides, it's not like someone's gonna jump their motorcycle into the building while we're inside. There's Santa now. Uh. Can you just give me one second? Let's dance the hora! What are you doing here? I love you too. I'm sorry about freaking out yesterday. I was wrong. Go check on the clock. I'll finish up here. I don't know. I'm feeling kind of tired. Esther! Merry Kwanzaa nigga! Mordechai, you're back. The clock? Still ticking. Thanks to the help from the Brothers at the KLF, Hanukkah's safe for now. That's wonderful! So why the long face? It's Esther. Santa's got her. My Esther! Oh Mordechai. Please. Will you help me? I love her sir. If I don't help you, I won't be able to make her my wife. Mohammed Ali Paula Abdul Rahim has agreed to come with me to the North Pole on a rescue mission. Asalam Alekem. You're a mench. Thank you. Mordechai, by any means necessary, you bring my Esther back to me. Even if it requires using Judaism's most powerful weapon. Oh no, not the... There won't be any need for that sir. Hammer, the fate of my daughter rests solely in your hands. I know sir. I won't let you down. Sammy Davis Jr. Jr. You two cats are beautiful. I love you guys. You take care babe. What's wrong with him? He's still working out some identity issues. It's gonna be tough, but the back entrance looks like our best bet. I wanted to ask you, how were you able to pinpoint the exact location of Santa's workshop? We've been trying to gain that piece of surveillance for years. This is the year 5734. It's time the boys at the KLF got into the 58th century. Let me show you something. The JDL supplies all its agents with this state of the art device called a laptop computator. Cool. What's it do? Now this might get a bit technical, but try and stay with me. Using a highly sophisticated connection of other computators, called the Internet, I can access surveillance maps, villian biographical information, and even sports scores with a few simple keystrokes of this electronic typewriter. Man, that's far out! Hey, the Jets won! But wait, there's more. With a few swift clicks of this hand-computer interface, commonly referred to as a mouse, I can download illicit pornographic material and even send it along to a friend via a cyber postal route known as e-mail. Porno? You're tellin' me that you can get porno on that thing? Oh yeah. Take a look. For example, here's a picture of your sister Tawanda getting freaky with a German Shepard. Gettin' freaky with a what? Oy vey, that's almost as bad. That's Tawanda getting freaky with a notorious white supremacist. Where's the white out button on this thing? What just happened? Remember that bit about the cyber postal route? Yeah. Nah, forget about it. What are you doing? Just praying to god that we don't kill ourselves going over this wall. You know, you don't have to hold on to my waist. You're tied in. I knew that. Well, that was easy. Wait! Before we enter, you need to know that my research has determined that Santa's compound is wired with the XP 2000 stereo type alarm system. A stereo type alarm system? Take a look. How do we bypass it? The alarm will trigger if the system detects any Non-W.A.S.P. tendencies inside the building. For example, if you were to dribble a basketball, or eat watermelon, or use the word dawg...that is, spelled with an aw as opposed to the letter o...within the confines of this workshop, the alarm would sound. Listen cat, I'll have you know that I hate the taste of watermelon and am a terrible basketball player. Well that's good news for us. It means the system is outdated. This should be easy. C'mon. It's all clear. Let's go. Mo, I think you dropped some... Hammer, no! Let's go! C'mon, let's go! What are you doing? Offscreen gunfire. That Jewish Atomic Clock stuff ate up a lot of our budget. There's Tiny Tim. I'll take Tiny Tim. You go find your woman. Damn! Now I'm gonna do to you what I should have done earlier. Where's my girlfriend Santa? But if I kill you, then you'll be dead. Don't worry your pretty little head. That was a warning shot. Wait! I didn't want it to come to this, but you leave me no choice. I have no other option but to use the most powerful weapon in the Jewish arsenal. I shlepped all the way to the North Pole for this? I come to fight you, and you don't even put out anything to nosh on? What kind of arch nemesis are you? What sort of host would treat company this way? Esther is clearly uncomfortable in your guest room. I'm shvitizing from running around shooting people. And my feet. What kind of flooring is this anyway? My arches are killing me. And to top it off, you didn't even have the courtesy to give me a proper hello when I entered the room. What have I ever done to you to be treated with such disrespect? Hammer, you alright? Everything's kosher. Watch him for me. Esther! Joseph Lieberman? Mordechai! Thank god you're here. We go to the same temple. Mo, get him out of my sight. No, wait. I need closure here. I just wanna say one thing. You know where you messed up Santa? You underestimated the true meaning of Hanukkah. That's...that's a very good question. And I do know that it does have something to do with...dreidels, and... And latkes! And some miracle oil that lasted eight days. And that my friend, should've been enough for you. Take him away Mo. Esther Bloomenbergensteinenthal, will you marry me? What happened out there? Oh Mordechai, you know how I detest gore. Well then maybe you should have thought about that before you ran with him. C'mon, let's get you back to Washington. And a Merry Christmas to all of our Gentile friends. Mun Chi. Before we start the Sabbath, I'd personally just like to thank god for all the blessings I've received over the past year. A beautiful fiancee... ...a wonderful mother... ...and the opportunity to help my brothers and sisters in the Jewish community. Thanks mom. Well, I did save Hanukkah mom. My children, and my children's children, and my children's children's children... ...and their children will all be able to eat latkes and spin dreidels, and light the menorah with the knowl... ...No, no, no, no, no. I see what you're doing here. So all of a sudden Hanukkah's not good enough for you, is that right? Well I have news for you mom. It is good enough...I'm good enough and I won't leave here until I hear you tell me... ...I'm not finished yet, mom. Mom! We're eating! Oh, I get it. To you, the cat pooping in his diaper is somehow better than my saving a Jewish holiday. Forget it. I think I hear the new Santa Claus busy at work. C'mon. Since Santa will be living out the rest of his days at a home for the religionally insane and because he had no blood heirs, the Kwanzaa Liberation Front and the Jewish Defense League agreed to make the whole Santa Claus process a democratic vote. We're all very pleased with the first Santa elect. Look, there he is now. Merry Christmas Jamal. Merry Christmas Niggas! 