Hey, great they're back. That's not something to joke about. What? No, I'm was worried that... I was just wondering what's taking so long. I wonder what time it is. Seems kind of late. Mmmmm, this is tasty. Hey, um... ...what kind of animal is that? Thank you. Um, yeah sure, I guess. So, you live here alone... I mean with just your brother? He left! Is your brother ready to go? Christ, you scared the shit out of me. OK. Well, yeah, kind of. How much further? Don't worry, I'll be right back. OK, whatever. Let's go get your brother's truck. Faster we get the truck, faster we get out of here. I guess I'll try to back it out on the rim... at least to the main road. Which way? What about the tree? Where's that? No, no I think it's really interesting. But suppose for a second you did. But if you did. You see me and my friends are writing a book on offbeat roadside attractions. You know all the crazy shit you see when you drive cross country. Yeah, I was never that big of a western fan. I like science fiction. You mean John Wayne? The Duke? No, really. How long have you been running this place? Almost there. I can't believe what I'm seeing. Didn't look like chicken to me, more like fried pussy cat. Whatever, at this point all I care about is food. I'm starving and I got a fucking killer headache. Thanks. And the spare is safely sitting in Jerry's garage. You're a real fucking piece of work. Jesus Christ, Jerry. I hope you fixed the spare like I asked ya. Gee, ya think it wouldn't be too much trouble. OK, let's relax. I'll check it, maybe I'm wrong. Don't everybody freak out just yet. Fuck. I think we blew a tire. Oh yeah, I heard about that. I always thought it was bullshit. She looks like she stinks. Way out here? What's that? I don't know. How much further? Wake up the chicks and bust out the camera awesome? How awesome? I'll pump the gas. Go inside and see if it's worth thinking about. Perfect. I dunno... we'll ask around as we get closer. Man, I really don't want to run out of gas out here in the middle of Petticoat Junction, man. Oh yeah, I remember now. Yeah. Shit, we really need to find some gas. Hold on, I've heard this before... but I can't remember the end. Hot has got nothing to do with it. Dude, talk about baggage, that ain't no carry-on shit, that's some heavy duty Samsonite shit. I thought she tried to murder a witness for the prosecution. Oh yeah, I forgot about her. She was pretty hot. Yeah, no shit. Better than pissing... anyway so, what's your choice? Yeah but, she reminds me of this chick that I remember from fourth grade... called a... shit, what did we call her? Oh yeah, Patty Pee-pee Pants... when ever she got called on by Miss Chumski, this chick would piss in her pants and start bawling. Sqeaky! No way, she ain't that hot. Don't look back, just get in the car. Yeah, I'd say at this point all we can do is just wait it out. There's nothing else. Man, it's already ten thirty. Just grin and bear it. What's he so excited about? Yeah, maybe R.J. could just tow us and our car to the nearest garage. Fuck! We are fucked! He won't move. I like sleep. It won't work. I gotta open the gate. Quiet. Just sit back and enjoy the show. Well, ya can't complain I never take you anyplace. Whatever it is just do it. The more we play along the faster we'll get the hell out of here. Don't worry, I'll be quick. Just stay here, no sense everybody getting drenched. Forget it. I'll just go. Fine! I'll go straight! Fine. I'll go straight. Well, I got some bad news and some bad news. Hey, he moved. There's not enough room. There's a dog in the road. Where ya headed? We can't leave her out here in the rain... maybe we can just drop her at the next rest area. It's a girl. We'll need pictures of the inside too.Well fuck me Side Sally, who want to read about all that horse shit anyway. Y'all find us country people real funny like don't ya... well, God damn pack up the mule and sling me some grits, I'ze a gotta get me some schooling. I don't. I don't drive cross country. I figured that much. Why the fuck you asking so many jackass questions for? Hell, boy there some other Duke you know about? A great American. Yeah, my Pa wasn't right in the head after that. Shit, I don't remember exactly. I took over for my Pa just after the Duke nabbed the Oscar. How long is a piece of string? Too God damn long, that's how long. Yeah, yeah, sure. You don't have to get all True Grit all over my ass... I'll give'm to ya... you can knock yourself silly for all I care. Yeah, they weren't here but a few minutes, didn't really have time to get as up close and personal as I do with most of the assholes that wander through here. And I gave 'em directions out there, up by the old farm row... I figured what's the harm. Stupid kids probably going out to piss up a rope and got themselves turned around backasswards and got lost as shit. Aw, she was with some nosey, smartass high-rise kids. They were poking around... asking stupid questions. Hmmmmmmmmm? Well, I'll try but I don't know nothing 'bout nobody. I'm a guy who likes to mind his own business, if ya get what I'm saying. Officers, officers what can I do for you today? I ain't fried up the birds yet... if that's what you're ring a ding dinging about. Fuck your grandmother. Ya hear me? You bust that crapper and I'll beat your ass. Yeah, now there's the perfect woman. I always loved that mute broad that Chuck Heston was shacking up with. Goddamn. I'm sure that ain't the only place he's sticking those pencils. What? Worse than a fucking rabid baboon. Christ, ain't they all. All them retards wanna do is fuck and eat. Fascinating. The retard over at Molly's fruit stand. Hmmmmm.A missing girl. I use'ta go to school with her, she just up and disappeared some day... real weird. Hey, wait take this. Holy crap, thanks! Ummmm... two hundred and eighty-five dollars. Actually it's G. Ober... Gerry Ober, but the guys drew in the other O, fucking assholes. Yeah, yeah... ...I like to fuck shit up. You all sure are buying a lot of holy water for two people. You all having a Halloween party tonight?You find something, Georgie? That's the understatement of the year. Shit, I wonder what these kids did to bring this much hell down on 'em. Recover any bodies? Holy Jesus, somebody had themselves a field day beating the shit outta this thing. What'd we here, Georgie? Open up the trunk. Well Christ boy, don't stand there like a prize dog dick with his butthole caught up a tree. What'd ya got there?Please don't kill us, please don't kill us. I agree. The lions were totally covered in this guy's blood... I think they ate his face off, tore open his rib cage, pulled his legs off... it was a wild scene. Cool. I always hate saying the word cheese, every time you get your picture taken... smile, say cheese. Huh... what cone? What? Deadwood, is that what it's called? Cool, will you show us? Really, wow, so it's really a real thing. Yikes. Really, that's a long time. Jesus, you think she was really gonna cut you? I know, this is fucking nuts. Tasted pretty good. Hey, I asked you if you wanted some chicken. Oh, don't worry she didn't get offended by what I said. You two got to lighten up... right, Bill? No problem. Don't forget the flashlight, it's pretty dark out there. Tire's fucking gone crap on us, man. There's no saving it now. Well, technically I did what ya said. Yeah, I fixed it. Well, I ain't... um, I can't remember. I think I took it out to fit the bags and forgot to put it back. I'll help ya. What was that? No... yeah, they ripped him to pieces while his family watched from the car. The wife is screaming, the kids are crying. Some dude in another car filmed the whole thing. That reminds me of a film I saw once of a guy who got out of his car at Lion Country Safari to take a picture of a lion cub and got eaten by the lions. Cat fight, cat fight. It's a hitchhiker. Come on, we need something like this. It could be the real deal. It's too far out of the way to come back to. I'm not exactly sure... it looks close. Did we pass an abandoned school bus yet? Keep straight on this road here. Hell yeah. Really fucking awesome. Holy crap. You gotta see this place. It's awesome. OK, Boss. I hope this place is cool. We could use something interesting to liven up chapter 12. Don't panic yourself, way too much caffeine guy... I see a sign. Captain Spaulding's Museum of Madmen and Monsters... cool. Also... fried chicken and... gasoline... next exit. Yeah, no shit I just told ya. Hey, you think this place called Alien Ed's UFO Welcoming Center is still around? It says, "Where the Fact is separated from the Fantasy." Then the devil says, "are you gay?" Guy says, "fuck no"... Devil says, "Well then, I guess you're gonna hate Thursdays." Then the devil asks, "do you drink?" Guy says, "yeah"... devil say, "wonderful, Wednesday is free drinks night, best booze you ever had... all made from the finest stuff." So, the guy goes to Hell and the devil says, "do you smoke?" The guy say, "yeah"... the devil say, "great cause Tuesday is cigar night, sweetest Cuban cigars you ever had." Yeah, I guess... hot chicks are always nuts. I'll let it slide, she was only seventeen. Fuck yeah, she is. I'd join a cult to get some of that... and the best part is she didn't try to kill the President or nothing, so that baggage ain't hanging around. As far a hot... goes I gotta go with... Ruth Ann Moorehouse. If we're talking cute... like regular cute, I'd say Leslie Van Houton, but cute ain't hot. There always one kid with no bodily controls. We had this dude, Jeff Baxter, he was a puker. The fucker would just sit there puke all over himself. She's pretty cute. Really? Huh, I thought for sure you'd say Lynette Fromme. She's got that snooty vibe I know you dig. Someone is out there... ...help, we're in here! That was good babe, just keep doing that. I know, but we can make it out of here. We can do it. Think, think. Try to open the lid, try to kick a hole in the wood. Shhhhhh. I don't know, I think he's funny. Hey, I'm just waiting for Cousin Itt to show up. Yes, thank you. Thank you very much. Dude, your chick's a little high strung. Hey, nice outfit Billy Bob. When? I don't... ...I just thought it was weird. I don't know, I just thought it was interesting. These dates perfectly correspond with the time frame of our beloved Dr. Satan working at the looney bin. I'll bet he amputated her arms. Blah, blah, blah... it doesn't say, but she was released sometime in 1937, only to reappear as Ellie Bogdan, the arm-less wonder. Says she, "criss-crossed the United States constantly in carnivals and freak shows until her death in 1946." Now she was put in the nuthouse in 1930 at the age of 16. It says, "records show that Ellie Thompson was born in 1914 of normal physical stature and lived a life of normal bearings, until such time that she was placed in the care of the Willows State Mental Facility." Yeah, in this book there's a chapter called Self Made Freaks about how people would mutilate themselves in order to work in a freak show. It mostly talks about tattooed people and wild men of Borneo and shit like that, but there is one mention of a single case where a woman was suspected of having her arms removed on purpose to become an arm-less wonder. Hey, listen to this... I think this is related to our Dr. Satan. Hey, maybe she knows where this is? Fried chicken. Anybody want some? Aw, come on. It will be fun. This isn't everything. Get ready for this... there's a Museum of Murder and Mayhem. Great, you're back. Let's go. We already paid for the tickets. Grab Mary and come inside. Please, let us go, we won't tell anybody. Great. Oh, you mean on TV. Firefly... mmmmm odd name. Mrs. Firefly, do you know anything about the legend of Dr. Satan? I've been meaning to ask you, Mrs... Ummmm. Didn't ya think, Mary? Great. I thought I felt a certain attraction between Mary and Tiny soon as he walked in. I was just kidding. And I'm gonna help put the razor blades in the candy apples. I don't doubt that. Well, I thought I'd maybe take in a hoedown. Um, I'm Jerry... that's Bill... Denise and Mary. Oh, right. Hey, maybe the guy with the tow truck could drive us to a phone. Negative. Shit, we are so deep in the sticks we could walk for hours and find zero. This is way too fucked up for words. OK lassies, I think it's time you get to gripping reality. Hold on, hold on! Everybody calm down! It's the tow truck guy. Oh, don't blow everything out of proportion. Huh? I'll go. It's my fault. I think we should go straight. I mean we know for a fact there ain't nothing back that way, right? We hit the jackpot! Let's roll, good buddy. We got ourselves a convoy. Shit, it is only sprinkling and it's worth the trouble. Hold on for two seconds. I'm gonna go ask him.Well, just promise me you'll be careful... alright, alright see ya soon... good-bye. Well, don't take too long, the kids are already knocking down the door demanding their sugar fix... I know, I know I forgot to mention that Halloween falls on a school night, so they're trick or treating tonight... I got the joint decked out this year, built a graveyard in the front yard like when you were a kid. Oh yeah, yeah I've driven by that place before. I seem to remember a crabby old bastard in a crummy clown suit running the place. Hello... ...hey Denise... what, what's wrong, did you break down? Right. Call Wydell. Tell it to my daughter. We gotta break it open. Over here, inside the smokehouse. Shhhh... you hear that? Where we headed? My Denise is a smart girl, she wouldn't do anything stupid, and her boyfriend, he always seemed like a good kid. Christ, four kids couldn't just disappear. Fit the profile? George Willis... ...any leads? I pray to God there is. Christ, you know it's crazy... I lived through so many other people's nightmares, you know. Always cool and calm, but... but I never thought I'd be the one needing help, ya know? What about the body you found? Dr. Satan? That's it? Yes, sir.Yes, sir. Huh? Keys. Fuck, go to the car... call for backup. Tell 'em officer down. Jesus Christ. Shit... fuck procedure. I ain't got a warrant. Yeah, I hear it... where's it coming from? Shit, don't these packrat hillbillies throw anything away? Turn up this road. No they couldn't, somebody had to see something. No, not really. Good kid, never been in any trouble. Local girl, Karen Murphy, been missing for a couple months, figured for a runaway. Hey. We found one. Wydell. Right... ...come on. Don't worry, we'll find her. Yeah it's horseshit, just some boogieman crap that the kids like to scare each other with. I guess not. Sounds like a bad idea to me, probally just get in the way. You sure this guy's supposed to ride with us? Seems kind of weird. Plates match. What. Hulk was dumb as shit. You know, his senses start tingling... when he was approaching danger and shit. You know, your hyper sensitive Spidey senses... like Spider-man... ...you know, like in the comics. Your Spidey senses tingling. Boss, the way I see it is these kids probally stop off somewhere, bought a bunch of booze and are off getting shitfaced. Right.You, my dear worm feeder, are about to become immortalized. Oh, come now... we're all creatures of God and freaks in our own way... ...but if you'll notice... right here, needs a little something, heh? Oh, it's real... as real as I want it to be, mamma... ...look, see the magic in my brush strokes. Behold... The Fish-Boy! Let's go see. Well, Bill... he's a good guy, he's been great help to me... a real blessing... I couldn't have asked for a better specimen. I mean you don't know what a dry spell I've had, total block... ...total block... but Bill he's OK. Doing what? Messy up your day? Well, fuck lady there are some bigger issues at hand... than your fucking have a nice fucking day bumper sticker shit! Well, go get her. Get in... now! Yes! I'm the one who beats you when you're bad... I'm the one who brings the devil's brandy... Go down stairs and play nice... I'm a gonna go 'round back and handle things like I always fucking do. I'm sure there's more than that... fucking pigs always travel in packs... ...here, take this. What! God damn, how many? I ain't sure that you really need to know. It's better you go home still dreaming about your kitty cats and puppy dogs.Yeah, I remember Mr. Alacard the shop teacher use'ta call you Little Dick Wick. Hey, wasn't there a song we made up to go with that? I hear ya. Can I get some stamps off ya? Did you fix the toilet yet? Nova, yeah she looked pretty sweet. Had to take him to the hospital. Kid had Dr. Zaius stuck half way up his butt, couldn't get it out. Naw, he don't do anything else with 'em, but he did get caught once with a Planet of the Apes doll hanging out his asshole. Yeah, doesn't hurt himself, just spins it around next to his eyeball. Yeah, I guess, you know next to wacking his weasel his other favorite thing is twisting sharpened pencils in the corner of his eyes. Well, yeah... I think that if you knew him... I mean if you'd understand his urges, shit the guy's like forty or something. That kid is one horny retard. Yeah, he's all hot on her after he found some of his dad's old nudie books hidden in the basement. He keeps 'em taped inside his school workbook. Shit, this ain't worth nothing now that my name gotten all over it. I was a fixin' on trading it to Jackie Cobb. I... I got back a stack today. Some nice shots. See, a good topless June Wilkinson... unfortunately she personalized it... to Stucky, love June.