You mind if I ride with you? Or worse, we'll have a hostage situation on our hands. Every step of the way. I'm sure if our departments cooperate we can find out the truth. That's the point. He slipped up, and he's desperate now. And that means he's all the more dangerous. Our agency monitors all threats very carefully, and there's good reason to believe Jim Trudell has the training, the connections, and the experience to present a clear threat to the public if he remains at large. I don't think you understand. I don't mean shuffling papers in an office, I mean Jim Trudell worked classified assignments, special forces...sabotage...until last year. He was brought up on charges of espionage, but the charges were later dropped, and he sprang the service. We did a little digging on Jim Trudell at Sergeant Zydowski's request. He's 31, no priors, and he's been working for the military for ten years. Your department contacted our agency regarding information on Sarah Williams. Captain Doyle?Yeah, stick around, you might learn something. Alright, we know who we're looking for. Play it cool until the time is right to make a move. Let's not pull any gangbusters shit or we'll lose him again. If you guys want in, fine. Just remember this is our jurisdiction. Cooperate? If what you're saying is true, then why would he have killed two police officers? A man like that would want to lay low, if he was planning some kind of damn sabotage mission! Yeah?..well what are you getting at? You saying he has an agenda down here? We ran the i.d. I could have told you that. Yeah - I heard - nothing came up. What can I do for you? Yeah? Well why don't you sit this one and get some rest...you look like shit. CUT TO INT TUBBS' APARTMENT - NIGHT Something wrong with you Marvosa? That's got to our secret agent man! Do we have an address? Just wondering if maybe they had a thing going with this hooker, you know, some connection. Where do you come from, Marvosa? It's kind of a funny coincidence, isn't it? Well don't you think that's odd? So you must have known Fleming... and Stanton - Did you start out area six? When did you join the force? You know, the police force, the place you work... Our getaway car. You said a cell phone? Fine - I'm sure you can handle it. Now I want to do an alley-to alley sweep beginning at the north and south ends from Marine to 30th. Foot beat units continue on the boardwalk. If you can trail him to a remote area do it. We all want a piece of him but let's keep our heads and stay within the law - we got people everywhere out here. Let's roll - Find out for me. But what was a hair dresser from Malibu doing 60 miles away in some dive bar? Sarah Williams left the bar with Trudell on her own. I didn't hit shit! Don't take any chances. Call for back-up this time! We're all gonna fan out! C'mon, let's do a sweep of the alleys - Great. Well that changes a lot... What the hell is this Marvosa!! I don't know how you're used to doing things, Marvosa, but it sounds like some damn sloppy work to me! Why didn't you call for back-up! What were you thinking, Jesus!!! What the hell happened? we've got kidnapping, grand theft auto, burglary, and two counts of murder on you, and I'm gonna see to it personally that it sticks! Did you report it stolen? I tell you one thing Trudell - you'd make a hell of a cop... Are you alright? Yeah, it was opened - with a goddamn screwdriver!!! So... to get the car back, you break into her house. Anyhow... you wake up and she's gone. But-- --this is my favorite part-- she leaves you the keys to a brand new Beemer. Who am I? I'm gonna be your worst fucking nightmare until you start breaking it down for me. You understand? Where did you get the car! Alright, where is she? And what did he do to the girl? Now you listen to me hay-seed! If you don't want to spend a year in jail for making a false report you'll start giving me straight answers, you got that!! Mm-hmm...that's not what the bartender told us. Did he harm the girl? And he took a swing at you? Well let's get his ass to the garage! Some lead... And where the hell is Marvosa? Vice...you think they had something to do with this dead hooker? Something I don't already know? No Zydowski I didn't read today's paper - it's just going to irritate the hell out of me. That's great Zydowski, you tech guys are really on the ball. Harding - call the print lab at the FBI, run the prints through their library, see if it's less screwed-up than ours... What? Wait a minute - Yeah? Zydowski. It's about time. Yeah? Good! We'll get it to the nearest outlying station and hold it for prints - we're on our way - You coming? Speak of the devil. Where is he?!! Who is it?It wasn't in the cards. I'll live... I didn't break in - the back door was open! She stole my car!! I'm done talking until I get a lawyer. And who are you? No - Where the hell is my car? There's something I've been meaning to ask you, Stephanie. So you know about Marvosa, and Stanton, and all of them. What happened with the tape? What did you do then? Found what? And what did you do? Didn't these - professionals - figure he had a girl in the room? No, but I'm listening. What exactly did you see? Look what are you anyway? Some kind of spy? Well you figured wrong! And now I'm public enemy number one. You have an answer for that? Why did you set me up? What's going on here? Only on dates? You always carry a gun with you? Figure you would have tried it already. No... No... Seattle. Up north. Are you going to be alright? I'm going to need a way to get there. Tubbs, these people mean business. That was her - the girl... We have to go. It's not very much to go on...is there anything else we can check? Both at the same bank... A bank? What else is new? I gave all that up. I got tired of the lies. They wanted to stuff me in Levenworth to cover their asses on a botched assignment. It got so I didn't know who to trust anymore... ...some things never change, I guess. How about Marvosa and the others? OK...county tax records...they're saying 1490 Breckinridge is owned by... an Atlantic Trust Corporation...they have a P.O. box in D.C. I knew I could count on you. No thanks. How do you know they can't catch you on this thing? 1490...Breckinridge... I've got a better idea... I hope you haven't lost your touch with this stuff. I don't know. But I'm in trouble. I'm all over the papers. I have to figure out what's going on. I have nowhere else to go, Tubbs, I need your help! They're inside the department, they're everywhere - it's not safe. It was self-defense, Tubbs! They're dirty! I walked in on something, I don't know what - Yeah I'm sure! I did it with my own hands! I killed them. No... Hello Tubbs. Can I come in? Operator, I'd like to make a collect call - 213-467-0972... Please... It's...it's a long story. Can we meet somewhere? Tubbs listen! I don't know anywhere else to go! I need your help! Yeah... No...I'm in some trouble... Tubbs, it's me. Jim Trudell! Bravo company! You don't seem afraid of much. What would your - boyfriend - think? Bartender said there are motels south of here. Ditched you? Are you a regular there? Hop in. I don't have any real destination. I'm just going South. Well I've kind of had my fill of the place, you know what I mean? Where am I going? No. It wasn't like that! What? No - that's not it! She said her boyfriend stranded her up there! I didn't ask her to come with me!Nothing! He didn't do nothing! I was just having a little fun - Alright, alright! We were just fucking with him..you know? Hell, he probably raped her in the lot, dumped the body somewhere. That's what he was like - a real wacko. Yeah...the guy was psycho - I was just tying to protect the girl... The guy was looking for trouble, shoving people around, being an asshole...LAPD data center reports a breach on the system. An outside hacker has accessed files on Detectives Fleming and Stanton...and yours too, Marvosa. Captain? They found the getaway Mercedes a parking garage north of Venice. It checks out. I lost him - I heard shots - that way!! I don't know - but he's from the FBI. Captain there's someone here to see you - he's waiting in your office.Don't worry about me... ...and don't forget your helmet. You don't want to get a ticket. I can't help you anymore, Jimmy. I'm sorry. I told you I'm not going anywhere! I got my whole life in this place! I'll just destroy the evidence and play dumb. I'm not going anywhere! Shit, we just started. But I better log out of this. Ahh, shit. We're pretty much tapped out. I'm getting denied access all over the place... And look at the balances...these aren't police salaries... Who knows? Maybe he's ordering army knives. I can't access that, but look what we have here...these are the account records for Fleming and Marvosa. OK...Marvosa makes calls to this fax number overseas. And that's Switzerland's country code. You know this time, there's nobody that's gonna cover your ass. You're over your head this time. So...what happened to you, Jimmy? I figure you'd be in some far off place somewhere, living on the edge like the good old days. I'll access the LAPD mainframe, but we gotta be careful - that one's kind of tricky - I got a lot of free time, you know what I mean? I don't, but I'm pretty sure. It's a long story but I cloned a cellular linkup with a binary code scrambler and sent it through the phone network mainframe. If they start a trace it will be to a Pic'n'Save on Pico. Donut? Let's see what we got... OK, I'm logged on to the municipal network. I'm showing sixteen people with the name Sarah Williams in L.A. county. None of them live in Hollywood. Do you remember the address? OK...where do you want to start? Shit, what I have now made our setup in Angola look like Tinker Toys. I've been skipping through Internal Revenue records all day. I even have video strip poker. You want to check it out? Alright...alright...you've saved my ass enough times. What do you want to do? Oh man...what happened? Shit, you know what happens to me if I'm harboring a fugitive? I already think they're on to me! I thought you were the phone police for Chrissake! You gotta turn yourself in. Before it's too late - Jimmy, do you realize what you did? Man that's like death penalty shit - Oh, shit, shit, shit - I don't know about all this! You sure?! And?... Look, Jimmy, you know, I haven't seen you in eight years, you show up to my door like you're on drugs - now the least you could do is tell me what the fuck is going on! Yeah, c'mon in...you scared the hell out of me! Holy shit - This is Tubbs. Sorry I can't answer the phone, I'm out square dancing. Leave a message-- Jesus, man... Just what did you get yourself into, Jimmy? You are drunk. You know, it's been a long time and I'd love to catch up, but I really got to - Well...whatsamatter? Run in with the law? Well where are ya, what are ya, drunk? What? Yeah, and that's all I'm going to say. If you want to arrest me, go ahead... I asked him not to tell me where he was going. I told him I don't want any part of it. Long gone... MARVOSA Well you won't mind if I don't take your word for it, right? Don't you guys ever knock?