Hah. Ten years you carried that pistol, and you end up wasting your shot. Quite, boy, or you'll lose your tongue. Those as know me know I wouldn't cross my word, and bring down bad luck on the ship. I agreed to set them free. I didn't when ... nor where. Eh? You have my word, then -- on the Good Book, I do swear, and the Lord spare my worthless soul. We got that part. Anything else? Enough of that! Name your terms. You've got one shot -- and we can't die. What's in your head, boy? So what now, Jack Sparrow? Are we to be two immortals, locked in epic battle until the trumpets of Judgement Day? Just so you know, Jack -- I don't think you're that clever. I think you're a fool. A mortal fool. Aye, for us there is. Men! Are you up for it? That so? I can't help wondering, Jack, why you're being so helpful and all? Last time you did that, it didn't end well for you. What're you suggesting? Why don't I want to do this? No, I really think I do. That's fair. So how did you get off that island, anyway? You'd best take a swim, Jack. Now, Jack. That reef is less than a league distant. It's a square deal all around, and you can't hope for better. Bosun! Set up Mr. Sparrow's quarters, nice and fine ... in the brig. Meaning no disrespect, of course. That fool woman took it. You be careful around her, Jack -- she's pretty enough, she'll steal your heart -- but pure evil inside. You're playing this as close to the edge as any man, I'll give you that. We might just have to sign articles, you and I. Jack, you're a pirate at heart, that's certain. Jack, I don't trust you, and that's a fact. Never trust a smiling man, you can lay to that. Track you down and -- You're setting me up for a double cross, you with the ship, and me with nothing more than your word! Blast you! I'll throw you in prison. I'll torture it out of you. I'm supposed to ... trust you? That's your offer? You, sailing away nice and pretty with the Black Pearl, and all I have is a name? The Pearl? Oh, that's fine. And just how do you expect this to work? Allow me the humor of listening to your terms. Say the name, or I slit your throat. No. But him I believe. He us genuinely angry. Turner blood doesn't flow pure in his veins. Best play it safe, and spill it all. By the powers, you're right! Where's Jack's pistol? Who's got it? Bring it forward! Looks like your back to having nothing to offer. Now. No, don't kill him. Agreed. You have my word, as a gentleman of fortune -- Aye. And not a bit of it any use to us, only hoarded. But it will drive us no longer. It's a piece of the treasure of Isla de Muerta. Do you not know what this is, then? Would that I could. Oh, there would be no sense in killing you, Miss Turner. Now, none of that. Please dig in. Maid or not, it fits you. It's you who invoked the parlay! Believe me, Miss, you'd best hand it over, now ... or these be the last friendly words you'll hear! No, no, nothing like that. Very well. You hand that over, we'll put your town to our rudder and ne'er return. And how does a maid come to own a trinket such as that? A family heirloom, perhaps? You've got sand, for a maid. You have a name, missy? Did you, now? My holds are bursting with swag. That bit of shine matters to me ... Why? I am disinclined to acquiesce to your request. Means 'No.' There was a lot of long words in there, miss, and we're not but humble pirates. What is it you want? My apologies, miss. As you were saying, before you were so rudely interrupted?How did you get off the island? What's in your head to put you in such a fine mood? We'd best drop canvas, sir! Kid's a bit of a stick, isn't he? And you've got that, have you? A fool's errand. Jack, it's a fool's errand: You've heard the tales they tell about the Pearl. Say again? Oh, there's a hard tale, Jack. Most of the decent pirates in town won't sail with you -- seem to think you're a jinx. Make it last, then. Now, what's the nature of this venture of yours? Aye, that'll about do it. Curse you for breathing, you slack- jawed idiot. Mother's love, Jack, you know better than to wake a man when he's sleeping. It's bad luck! Will -- it'll go worse for us -- for Elizabeth, especially -- if we fight. That we are. It's a signal. If we resist, it won't just be death. There'll be torture as well. Jack gave hisself up for the sake of his loyal crew. He was marooned on an island, left there to die. Ah -- he's learned, then. Plays things more close to the vest. See, Jack was a cartographer, back in Old England. Somehow he came by the money to commission the Pearl. Hired himself a crew, promised each man an equal share. So, they're forty days out, and the First Mate says, everything's an equal share, that should mean the location of the island, too. So Jack gave up the bearings. That night, there was a mutiny. I'll tell lee. Now, Jack Sparrow has an honest streak in him, and that's where the whole problem starts. This was when he was Captain of the Black Pearl -- Now, lad, just because it don't point north don't mean it don't work. That compass gives bearings to the Isla de Muerta, wherever it may lay. Blast it, I'm already awake!Mr. Gibbs, organize a cleaning detail -- you and Cotton. I want every inch of the Pearl spic-and- span and ship-shape! AnaMaria, trim the mainsail! They'll be anchored on the lee side. Haul your wind, and keep to the weather of the island -- You'll get it back. Or one better. Safe! At Port Royal. With the Royal Navy. AnaMaria! Have you seen Gibbs? I need to put together -- Or you could surrender. Remarkable how often those two traits coincide. There's ... another exit? Now, you can take care of the Dauntless, right? Aye. See, after you're done with the Royal Navy, you'll have a bit of a problem: the H.M.S. Dauntless. There you'll be, with two lovely ships on your hands, and what to do? Of course you'll decide you deserve the bigger one, and who's to argue? The Dauntless a first- rate ship-of-line, and with it, you can rule the seas. But if you're Captain of the Dauntless, who's left for the Black Pearl? The situation has changed. Like after you've killed ... Every ... Last ... One ... of Norrington's men. You've no hope of surviving Norrington's attack ... that is, if you're mortal. Because, right about now, the H.M.S. Dauntless is lying in wait in the harbor. All right then. You can go to your grave not knowing. The last time you do this, you left me a pistol, with one shot. Someone needs to cut these bonds, then. It's pure evil to make a Captain walk the plank of his own ship, twice in one lifetime. No good can come of it. I'll watch my back. What -- you don't have the medallion? See, that's where we're different. I trust you ... to do what it takes to get what you want. Let's say I tell you the wrong person. What would you do? Wait as long as you like. You left me on a desert island -- what worse can you do? You see, I've got this honest streak in me -- in its own way, a sort of curse. Oh, and there's the fact that you have no choice. That's right. You give me the Pearl. Then I tell you who you need. Simple. I have something you won't more than anything. The way to free you from the curse of the treasure. You have something I want -- more than anything. No you won't. I know whose blood you need, to end the curse. I have a plan. If it succeeds, then any battle will be decidedly brief ... and one-sided. Exactly. Nor did you, I noticed. You -- you burned up the island, for a one-time chance at being spotted? Why? What are you doing? You've burned our food, the shade -- the rum! To the Black Pearl. We've got a few bottles left ... and we've yet to tap the kegs. Ah, well ... the company is better than last time. And the scenery has definitely improved. When I get the Black Pearl back, I'm going to teach it to the whole crew, and we'll sing it all the time! More to drink! Now I must hear this song. An authentic pirate song. Have at it. I know a lot of songs about pirates, but none I'd teach a child. Let's hear it. What? What was that? Something funny, Miss Swann? Share, please. Don't be thinking I'm happy about this, Elizabeth. But I see no use in wailing and gnashing my teeth over that which I can do nothing about. You're right. Here's luck to you, Will Turner. You should look at our contretemps this way: we've got shade trees, thank the Lord. We've got some food on the trees, thank the Lord again. And we've got rum, praise the Lord. We can stay alive a month, maybe more. Keep a weather eye open for passing ships, and our chances are fair. Welcome to the Caribbean, love. Last time, I was here a grand total of three days. Last time, the rumrunners who used this island as a cache came by, and I bartered passage off. But from the looks of this, they've been out of business, and so that won't be happening again. We probably have your friend Norrington to thank for that. It won't. It won't, and so we won't. Don't be thinking I'm not already working on it. The trees are taller. No. This won't work. I'll stay behind, and fight them. You go on. No, I'm -- rescuing you. Me! I saved your life; now you've saved mine. We're square. Miss Swann, if you'll be so kind? Ah, that's a dark and unpleasant tale, best left untold. We're catching up! She can hold a bit longer. That he is. Not if the fool has something Barbossa wants. Something he needs. Aye, and that's why I know where it's going to be, and that's why I know what Barbossa is up to. All I need is a crew. I'm going after the Black Pearl. I know where it's going to be, and I'm going to take it. Now where, I wonder, would they have gotten that idea? First -- have you found me a crew? Well, fortunately, I know how to counter it. The man who did the waking buys the man who was sleeping a drink, and the man who was sleeping it drinks it while listening to a proposition. As likely as not. Will, short up the anchor, we've got ourselves a ship! Fine by me. We brought you a nice little boat, so you can all get back to shore, safe and sound. We'll see about that. Dead serious. None? Very well. You rumbled me. I confess: I intend to commandeer one of these ships, pick up a crew in Tortuga, and go on the account, do a little honest pirating. Smith. That so? I've heard of one, supposed to be fast, neigh uncatchable ... the Black Pearl? That's a fine goal, I'm sure ... But it seems to me a ship like that -- -- makes this one here just a wee superflous. This must be some important boat. Some sort of to-do up at the fort, eh? You two weren't invited? Sorry, I didn't know. I'll slip in, talk them into to come out, and you'll be free to blow holy high heaven the whole lot of them. That chart I drew up'll get you past the reefs. If you're steersman's good enough, that is. I knew you'd listen to reason! They left me stranded. Twice. What have you got to lose? Funny, I was thinking along those lines. How about you let me go in alone, and while you're setting up an ambush, I'll trick the pirates out to you. Norrington, think about it ... the Black Pearl, its captain and crew ... the last pirate threat in the Caribbean. How can you pass that up? We had time to get to know each other. But it seems to be enough to condemn him. Ah, but you have heard of me. Captain Jack Sparrow. If you please. The worst. On the other hand, maybe I'm a man who can't pass up a chance for revenge against the black-hearted bastard who stole my ship and left me to die in the middle of the ocean -- twice! -- and who knows how to get what he wants. Now that's a great pirate. -- and its guns and crew will cut you and your men to pieces the moment you step outside these caves. It's the right way. Don't talk. These caves magnify sound. Just follow me. Do you have any idea where you're going? Will -- don't do anything stupid! Don't say anything stupid -- I'm sure. When you've led the kind of life that I have, there are debts that must be paid. Maybe I can balance the scales a little. Go to the opposite end of the island, and signal the ship. I'll keep 'em busy. I'll lead them away. This way! On whether the stories are all true. If they are, that's a waterfall that spills over at high tide, with a short drop to an underground lagoon. If not -- Depends. But I survived. And I still have that single shot. It's meant for one man. My mutinous first mate-- The pistol. When a pirate is marooned, Will, he's given a pistol with a single shot. No good for hunting, or surviving, really. But after three weeks of starvation and thrist -- the option of that pistol begins to look good. These are the only ones worth having. And we're going to need them -- Don't worry. I've already got a Quartermaster -- there! Oh -- did I forget to mention that? Then that's not much incentive for me to fight fair, is it? Put it away, Will. It's not worth getting beat again. Sure -- because he could always go pirating. You think your father is the only man who ever lived the Glasgow life, telling folk one thing, and then going off to do another? There's quite a few who come here, hoping to amass enough swag to ease the burdens of respectable life. And they're all 'merchant marines.' Figured you wouldn't want to hear it. I swear, you look just like him. Good man. Good pirate. And clever -- I never met anyone with as clever a mind and hands as him. When you were puzzling out that cell door, it was like seeing his twin. I knew him. Probably one of the few he knew him as William Turner. Most everyone just called him Bill, or 'Bootstrap' Bill. Is that so? For a man whose made an industry of avoiding boats, you're a quick study. Everybody stay calm. We're taking over the ship! Remarkable how often those two traits coincide. So's breaking a man out of jail. Face it, Will: you may say you'll never be a pirate, but you're off to a rip-roaring start. My advice -- smile and enjoy it. Commandeer. We're going to commandeer a ship. Nautical term. No worries there. She's far more likely to rot out from under us. Come aboard. Good. My business, Will. As for your business -- one question, or there's no use going. This girl -- what does she mean to you? How far are you willing to go to save her? Not without my effects. Agreed! How? The key's run off. So it is that you found a girl. Well, if you're intending to brave all and hasten to her rescue and so win fair lady's heart, you'll have to do it alone. I see no profit in it for me. And you want to turn pirate yourself? Why ask me? Surely you've heard the stories? The Black Pearl sails from the dreaded Isla de Mureta ... an island that cannot be found -- except by those who already know where it is. Somewhat. Move! Move away. Pirate. You need to find yourself a girl. Or maybe the reason you practice three hours a day is you've found one -- but can't get her? Who makes all these? Only a little. Do you think this is wise, boy? Crossing blades with a pirate? Ah. Then it would be a shame to put a black mark on your record. So if you'll excuse me ... You look familiar ... Have I ever threatened you before?Mentioned it, is more what he did. He may be. I think he's telling the truth. What's your business in Port Royal, 'Mr. Smith'? Like I said, there's no real ship as can match -- Hey! Oh, and no ship that's not crewed by the damned and captained by a man so evil that hell itself spat him back out could possibly have black sails and therefore couldn't possibly be any ship other than the Black Pearl. Is that what you're saying? No. You've seen a ship with black sails that's crewed by the damned and captained by a man so evil that hell itself spat him back out? You haven't seen it. You've seen the Black Pearl? You've seen it? No, it's not. There's no real ship as can match the Interceptor.Elizabeth, this is hardly appropriate -- I'm told that dress is the very latest fashion in London. Or, rather, Commodore Norrington ... a fine gentleman, don't you think? He fancies you, you know. Captain Norrington's promotion ceremony. Although ... I did think you could wear it to the ceremony today. Is an occasion necessary for a father to dote upon his daughter with gifts? Elizabeth? Is everything all right? Are you decent? And that's what concerns me. Elizabeth, we will be landing in Port Royal soon, and beginning our new lives. Wouldn't it be wonderful if we comport ourselves as befits our class and station? Dammit, man, it appears someone is stealing your ship! But -- Commodore -- Well, she had a very taxing day... Ghastly weather tonight. Has my daughter given you an answer yet? What happened here? Where did he come from? Captain Norrington... I appreciate your fervor, but I am concerned about the effect this subject will have on my daughter.He didn't waste it. No! You gave your word! You must swear by the Holy Bible. And Jack. And the crew. Free and unharmed. If you agree ... then ... I will remain with you. Elizabeth goes free! You can't. I can. She. Goes. Free. -- but that was not a proper kiss. Elizabeth, I think it doesn't matter that we are of a different class -- I can't believe he would make such a sacrifice for us. If I had known -- Why would my father send this to me? I'm glad we got here in time. At least once more, Miss Swann. As always. I could never forget it, Miss Swann. We can at least fight -- we might be able to kill a few-- We're not going to just surrender! How did he get off the island? What? He never told me that. Really? So ... what's the story on the pistol? How do we expect to find an island no one can find -- with a compass that doesn't work? I know. That was for the smell. Well, you're the worst pirate I've ever heard of. You're a man who can be trusted, who can be counted on, and who can't betray his friends. What kind of pirate is that? Jack! Are you certain this is the right way? Jack! My name is Will Turner, the son of Bootstrap Bill Turner. His blood runs in my veins. You need my blood. And on my word I will pull this trigger, and sink all the way down to Davy Jones' Locker! Are you sure? Jack -- this is not something you have to do. No. Miss Swann! We're here to rescue you! It's going badly! On what? What's that? Barbossa. Wait -- what about the pistol? Shut up, before you lose them all! Just do it quickly. Tortuga? You didn't beat me. You ignored the rule of engagement. In a fair fight, I'd kill you. My father -- was not -- a pirate! My father did not think of my mother -- his family -- as a burden. He was a merchant marine! He was a respectable man who obeyed the law, and followed the rules-- It's not true my father was a pirate. That's not true. 'Bootstrap?' My father. William Turner? I worked passage from England as a cabin boy. After my mother passed, I came out here ... looking for my father. Aye! Avast! This is either crazy, or brilliant. It's still against the law. We're going to steal a ship? That ship? I haven't set foot off dry land since I was twelve, when the ship I was on exploded. It's been a sound policy. I'd die for her. Why are brothering with that? We need to go! Agreed. I helped build these cells. Those are hook-and-ring hinges. The proper application of strength, the door'll lift free. Just calls for the right lever and fulcrum ... I can get you out of here. Never. They took Miss Swann. Because you're a pirate. The ship's real enough. So its anchorage must be a real place. Where is it? Where does it make berth? Are you familiar with that ship? The Black Pearl? No. I can not just step aside and let you escape. No. You cheated. I do. And I practice with them. At least three hours a day. You threatened Miss Swann. I've made a point of avoiding familiarity with pirates.