Better make it a week. That's my girl. No, nigger. They ain't men, Mae Rose. They're convicts. And nigger convicts to boot. Can you say nigger? It's a boy! Well, let's get a look at him. And the baby? Is Mae Rose okay?Not for me, it ain't. What am I gonna do out there, Ray? I can't go home to my mama like this. I'll get the strap for sure. Hell with him. It ain't that. Cost you a pair of nylons. Thought you'd never ask. Biscuit needs some gravy.At least the kid's getting out. Isn't this what you wanted? Look, I am truly sorry about this. I'd like to help you... I did, Claude. I mentioned you. I mentioned you both. But the fact is, pardons don't come cheap. The kid can hit. What can you do? Kid's getting out. I got him a pardon. There are ways around that. Right sergeant? Crawford's are always looking for new talent. Can't Get Right? That's the kid's name? Can I talk to him? We played down in Jackson yesterday. Heard a rumor you've got a boy up here who can hit the ball a ton.Sharp. Yeah... Do yourself a favor and find another place where they let you in the front door. No, but... Oh, no, Ray. Not tonight. Spanky's not happy with you.But you can't. Yeah, but what about me and Ray? I didn't see our names on that pardon. You said you were gonna put in a good word for us. Yo, Blocker, what's going on here? Maybe you didn't notice, but this is a prison. You can try, but you won't get too far. Why you interested? You probably mean Can't Get Right. That's him over there. We get the games on the radio sometimes. Nice girl like you don't belong in a place like this. But if you talk to Sylvia, tell her old Claude said congratulations. I'm too old for you. Besides, I'm not much in the mood. Take care of me? But I'm not on the outside. I'm in here. Married? Why not? She's alright, isn't she? Yeah. Sure, boss. Cool it, Ray. You're gonna get us in a lot of trouble. Goodnight, Mr. Wilkins. Mr. Pike. Yes, sir. You have to forgive me if I don't laugh. It's a hell of a lot longer when you're innocent. Over forty years now. Me and Ray Gibson out there. That's alright, boss. Takes a lot more than a colorful brochure to hurt my feelings. Yes, boss. As a pair of fur-lined bedroom slippers, boss. Here! You think you could make an exception just this once, boss? She came all the way down from New York. I got it... boss. Ray Gibson? No, no. He's the reason I'm in here, Daisy. For all I know, he's got a record a mile long. I got a better shot of getting out of here on my own. You tell Maynard to think about me, concentrate on me. Understand? A job, huh? Well, that's nice, real nice. You won't have to work long. I'll be back soon enough. After I start work at First Federal Bank of Manhattan, I'll be keeping you in style. Everything will get back to normal again. That's a promise. Yeah, that side of the family has all the looks and none of the brains. I hope he don't mess things up. Did you go see my cousin Maynard like I asked you in my letter? Come on, honey, let's get out of here. Sure it is. I just don't see any reason to rush into things. Damn, look at this shirt. I'll be right back. Engagement ring! Season tickets to the Yankees. Right there on the first base line. What's wrong, baby? Know what I'm going to buy with my first pay check? For the kind of money they charge here, you'd think they could hire somebody to actually wash the dishes. Ten dollars. But I need it to get home. Claude. That's my name. Claude. That's never happened before. I really shouldn't. I gotta keep an eye on my friend. I know it begins with a "C"... That's because I've never been here before. I know you're not talking to me... Well, if you must know, they could be closer. Yeah? You and what army? They're touching. No, this ain't gonna work either. It's half chocolate, half vanilla. Hell of a day, Ray. Yankees are on fire. You didn't get ketchup? I saw that hot dog guy in the bathroom urinating. He didn't wash his hands. I can't eat this. Never thought I'd hear Ray Gibson say that. Hell with you then. You'd only slow me down anyway. You don't want to hear it, you don't want to hear it. There's no shame in that. Shh! Is that so hard to believe? 'Course I was right. About what? Remember what that place looked like on a sunny spring day? More beautiful than any church I was ever in. What do you expect? It's almost as old as we are. Sure would like to see the house that Ruth built one more time. An erection, huh? Haven't had one of those in a while. Why don't he just tell 'em the truth? Don't call me soft, I hate it when you call me that. What'd you say? I can't do it. No, believe me, I'm gonna kill him! Don't shoot, sir. I can deal with this. Ray, buddy, you don't want to shoot this white man. See, you do that, they'll kill you for sure. And it's not that I like you or anything, but I've kinda gotten used to having you around. We'd be in the hole by now. Hey, man, you're peeing on my shoe. Some faces you just don't forget. Warren Pike's is one of 'em. Hey, there's Wilkins! I ain't spending a month in the hole so you can take a joy ride. Forget about that. You run if you want to, but you're not taking this car. And what will we do when we get there? I'm sixty-five years old, Ray. So are you. What are we gonna do out here? Get married, have kids, settle down? That boat sailed without us, man. Go where, Ray? You ain't getting out of that trunk. I ain't escaping! We're picking up the new super just like I told you. What the hell are you doing in that trunk?! Greenville. We're picking up the new Superintendent at the bus station. Wilkins' driver's got the flu, so he asked me to fill in for him. Don't touch that car. Goodnight, Ray. I'm not working on a plan. He's just a lonely old man. He likes to talk. Bullets weren't the problem. That pie was too hot. Burned my tongue. What?! I know, but since we're talking, I thought I'd mention it. I was sorry to hear about your mama passing. I hope you don't think I owe you anything. Because I don't owe you a damn thing. I'd have knocked you off those bottles, put a bullet in your ass and be half way to New York right now. You're a sucker. I'd have taken that deal. That's the way it is. The only thing I regret is the day I met you. Here's a news flash, Ray. We never were friends. We've just been stuck together for 12 years. It's been nothing but bad luck since the moment I ran into you. Every time I look at you I get sick to my stomach thinking about what my life could have been if I'd never bumped into Ray Gibson. Maybe you're fooling yourself, Ray. Maybe you're just a chip off the old block. I ain't getting in no airplane with you. I'm finally wrapping my mind around the concept. They threw us in this shithole for life. Don't you get it, Ray? We're gonna die here! Might as well head up to the cemetery, pick a plot and start digging. My plan is on his way to Pittsburgh right now. That congenital idiot just got himself a pardon signed by the governor thanks to us, but we can't seem to do nothing for ourselves. Don't you feel a little disgusted right now? They're called pilots! I'm serious, Ray. I'm not in the mood for one of your stupid, fucked-up plans right now. I'm not in the mood right now, Ray. You show them Crawfords how to play ball. I'm not gonna let it go. The man needs to explain himself. Makin' promises. Let me see that. Crawfords. God may have given it, but Claude Banks spotted it and nurtured it. What about us? Don't forget to mention us. It's amazing what Ray here can do with a couple of pounds of potato skins and some molasses. Don't matter who Camp 12 puts on the mound. All I know is when this season's over Camp 8's gonna have pork chops. All right, grab the bat. Let's see what you can do. Him? I'm sick of watching Camp 12 win the championship. Every year they get to roast the victory pig and we get dick. This year I want that pig. Hey, man, is Babe Ruth in the lineup today? What am I gonna eat? I can't eat it with mustard. You get ketchup? I know people. Allie Reynolds. He's my boy. Red Sox... Who's on the mound? Hundred and Sixty First Street? That's Yankee Stadium. The hell you talking about? What train? Say what? How the fuck are we gonna do that, Ray?! He'd be doing me a favor. I'm getting outta here one way or the other! Goddamn rats and shit! Fuck! I'm serious, man. Don't mention it. Ever. Don't mention it. Come on, Ray, time to go! That gripes my soul, man. We're out here in the middle of nowhere. There is shit nibbling at my balls! Don't tell me you don't know where we're going! You drew this?! You call this a map? What was Cookie smoking when he drew this? Let me take a look at that map. I know these trees all look the same, but I'm getting an awful familiar vibration from this one right here. You sure you know where we're going? You did it, man! You got us out! Next stop, New York City! Don't call me that. You know I hate it when you call me that. What'd you say? Does that mean I'm in? No. Come on, man. Don't shut me out. I'm telling you, you and me, that map, we can go places. The appeal was denied. Then Daisy went and fell for Maynard. They're engaged to be married, can you believe that? Look, my cousin Maynard is a lawyer. He filed an appeal on my behalf -- Well, if you're still thinking about booking it, I want in. I think we can make it. You still got that map? Your daddy must have been a helluva guy, a deep man, a wise man. Sure wish I could have met him -- What do I want? What makes you think I want something? Sure is hot today. Think it'll rain later? What's up, Ray? Gimme that. That doesn't concern you. Getting a map from a chubby chef named Cookie? Dragging our asses through the swamps in search of some worm-eaten boat? That ain't a plan, that's a vacation for two in the hole. When you've got a map to New York City, you get back to me. Forget it. No, I don't like it here. Look around. There's nothing but ass. Male ass! Balls and ass! Believe you me, I'm getting out of here. Why are you always talking about we? There is no we. There is a me, there is a you. But there is no we between us. What do you know about boats? I bet you can't even swim. Yeah, I know what your saying. And I'm saying if you made it that far, they'd be watching every train that pulls out of that station. So? No, man. I want you to have it. Pack of lies. Don't listen to him. We didn't kill nobody. We were railroaded. And we gonna prove that. What a second, you've been in here since you were thirteen? This fork is filthy. So? Why do you think they call him Jangle Leg? Shut up. It's too damn hot. What do you know, anyway? Life?! What's life mean? There's no way I can do life. I got a job starts Monday morning! Spanky's gonna be pissed? Poor Spanky. Fuck Spanky! What the hell kind of a name is Spanky, anyway? You're responsible for this situation. I blame you for everything. If it wasn't for you, I'd be home having a hot meal right now. Would you look at that, Ray. Winston up and died on us. Come on, Ray, better get Winston back to the truck. Yeah, nobody puts 'em away like old what's-his-name. What ain't there? What do you think you're doing?! The man's been dead for two seconds! Don't you have any respect? Oh, man, I've never seen a dead body before! I think he's hurt pretty bad. Fuck that cheap-ass watch -- I mean, how the hell are we gonna get home without any money? You lost all our money in a card game? What are you talking about? What can I say? When the spirit moves me. She's in a tight spot. Her mama needs this operation, and they ain't got the money for it. Their church took up a collection but they were still short... Well, not exactly. See, I met this girl. Real nice girl. God-fearing girl. Her name's Sylvia. Guess we better get going, huh? Hey, Ray. I've been looking for you. Reward? Let me get this straight. We drove all the way down to Klan country 'cause you heard a couple of guys talking? Oh, I don't know, maybe because our lives depend on it, I just sort of thought you knew what you were doing! Nice meeting you? You've been here before, haven't you? Okay then, I'm gonna walk over to that counter and get us some fucking pie. Alright. You want some pie? Hey, man, don't ever call me that. What'd you say? Don't Uncle Claude me. You get a load of those crackers? Couldn't be a mouthful of teeth among the bunch of 'em. Why you want to pick a fight with people like that for? You mean this sign? The one that says "No Coloreds Allowed." That's a good question. Ray, how come we missed the sign? I must have left my appetite outside, which is where I think we ought to be right now. Maybe we oughta find another place. Oooh... There is no Boom-Boom Room. Looks like a fake to me. Loan denied! Yeah? Who'd he steal it from? That thing? Who'd you steal it from? You need collateral. Uh-huh. That's right, a loan officer. Bank teller's just a start. I got plans. Real plans. Not opening some Zoom-Boom Room. This time next year I'll be a loan officer. At some point a man's got to get serious about his future. I'm sure you have no idea what I'm talking about. The Negro League don't pay so good. And you're always on the road. That don't wash with Daisy. I didn't start out to be a bank teller. I was gonna be a ballplayer. Even had an offer to play short for the Newark Eagles. Well, maybe I should dig around in other people's clothes for money. It's obviously been highly successful for you. No, tell me what's so funny. What? Damn straight, it is. I got my own set of keys because I'm supposed to open up. So if I ain't there 8 a.m. Monday morning, there's gonna be hell to pay. Well, if you must know, bank teller at First Federal of Manhattan. I'm responsible for keeping track of hundreds, occasionally thousands of dollars. Look, man, I don't want friendly conversation. I don't want to be your friend. I've seen your friends and I don't like them. I just want to do this thing and get back to New York in time to start my job. A thumb? What do you mean, like cut it off? For ten bucks? That include the tip? What are they gonna do to us? Good, I'm looking forward to meeting this Spanky. Give me a chance to straighten out this whole mess. Where they taking us, anyway? I don't see where that's any of your business. Good old Monroe. You went to Monroe? Claude Banks. I don't think so. I try to moisturize regularly. 'Preciate it. Claude. You kidding? I've been in and out of prison my entire life. Mostly in. I'm hard-core. I'm all right.He's a big one. She's doing just fine. She'll be fine. She just had a bit of a shock.You heard what the man said! Move it! We don't need no fences at Camp 8, boss. Movin' it out, boss. All in, boss! You heard the boss! Let's move! Judge gave 'em the long ride. He's from New York City. That one, too. State of Mississippi wants this ditch cleared by sundown. You got that?! Listen up, jiggaboo! State of Mississippi ain't interested in your... in your... metropolitan assets! Why ain't that pick swinging?What do you think about that? Hell, no! I just got something in my eye. That musta messed 'em up pretty bad. Oh, right. Well, why didn't they get those pardons? So Ray and Claude got their pardons, right? I seen the bodies before they sealed 'em up. Them fellas sizzled up good. Looked like some shit from the X- Files. Damn, that shit's nasty. Hey, the dude's holdin'.Soft and supple. Like a lady's. Then you won't have no problem making the adjustment. You need anything, help of any kind, gimme a holler. Name's Jangle Leg. You ever done time before? How you doin'?I think that old man lost his marbles about a hundred years ago. Come on, let's get this over with. Man, you really bummed me out. That's a terrible story. Nigger, you crying? What happened to 'em after that, Willie? No, they didn't get their pardons, you dumb shit! If they'd got their pardons way back then, we wouldn't be burying them today, would we? Hell of a way to get out. Heard they burned up in that fire yesterday. Come on, old-timer, hook the brothers up. Hey, Willie, what was Claude's plan, anyway? Just like Elvis. What were they, bootleggers? 1932? That's like, that's like... Why do I get the feeling when you say some time, you mean some time.What difference does it make? Natchez was better off without Winston Hancock! Who cares if a couple of no- account bootleggers went to jail for his killing? At least the state of Mississippi got 40 years of cheap labor out of the deal! He's crazy. Don't listen to him, Wilkins. I'm afraid I'm gonna have to teach this uppity nigger a lesson in manners. Respect? Well, isn't that progressive. If you don't mind my saying, you seem mighty familiar with your house boy. You don't have to twist my arm. Say now, that gumbo has quite a kick. Well, fortunately, I carry my own. I prefer bourbon. Goddamn it, Wilkins, would you please just shoot the nigger! Shoot him, Wilkins! I oughta shoot you for that comment, boy. Something like that, yes. Why, my wife gave it to me on our anniversary some years back. Yeah, it's special. They don't make 'em like this anymore. Yeah, it's getting late. I could sure use a bath. You may be able to buy your way out of trouble up in New York City, but down here we take murder seriously. Are you offering me a bribe? Besides, why bother with bootlegging when we got us a clear cut case of murder?Who? Hey, Ray, Goldmouth don't believe me. Ain't it so they got trains up in New York City that run under the streets? Appreciate it. Jenny?That's it. The Boom-Boom Room. Sure would like to see that place when you get it up and running. Hey, Ray, what's the name of that nightclub of yours? Hey, Ray, you ever been to the Cotton Club? Couple years back, Cookie made it clear to Greenville.Well you can't stay here, Biscuit. This ain't no life for a man. Any one of these fellas would give their right arm to be in your shoes. I sure know I would. It's 1945. It's a different world now. Come on, Biscuit, this is good news. Your mama's gonna break down in tears when you show up on her doorstep. These are free papers. Don't take it so hard, Biscuit. She don't mean nothin' to him. I'm talking about a haircut. Biscuit, when you're done with Jangle Leg, you think you could squeeze me in? I look good tonight. And I feel lucky, too. Well, alright then. What do you think about this new tie? But this is where the action is and I have to be where the action is. Look, when your old lady wanted those alligator shoes, didn't I come through for you? Ain't she stepping in style now? Then what's the problem? Is Spanky here? I'm sorry, he's on medication... Damn, I shoulda let Spanky Johnson drown you in the river when I had the chance. Next thing, you're gonna be complaining about the seats. If you don't eat that ice cream right now, I'm gonna strangle you until you are completely dead. So? Hell of a day for a ballgame, huh, Claude? Gimme that damn thing. Just put some mustard on it and eat it. Why the hell not? It's too late for plans. Don't tell me, I don't want to hear it. It's probably all fucked up, anyway. Are you trying to tell me after all this time you finally have a plan for busting out of here? You're the one who said that boneyard's the only way we're getting out of here. We're gonna join all the rest of 'em soon enough. Jangle Leg, Biscuit, Goldmouth, Poker Face, Cookie, Radio -- yes sir, pick a plot and start digging... Over to the morgue and up the hill to the cemetery. Never thought I'd admit it, Claude, but you were right. They oughta tear that shit down and ship them Yankees cross the river to Jersey. Well, Ruth shoulda built it a little better. Damn thing's falling to pieces. Gonna hurt somebody. Tell me about it. Scared me at first. Then, before I could figure out what to do with it, it was gone. Imagine my disappointment. Nurse Humphries was checking my prostate this morning. I got an erection. He knows nobody wants to hear the truth. I said you're soft. That's because you're soft. Gimme the gun. No, I'm gonna kill him -- He's got my daddy's watch, Claude. I always knew whoever took that watch killed Winston Hancock. And that was you, Mr. Pike. I know. Simultaneously, they shake and zip. Claude bends down and picks up a bowl of gumbo, placing it on a tray next to an identical one. I don't like it, I don't like it one bit. We shoulda taken that car when we had the opportunity. We'd be half way to New York by now. You sure it was him? Don't make me take them away from you. Claude, man, I'm serious. Give me those keys. This boat's gonna sail without you, too. I don't care if I last one day out here. At least it's one day of freedom. Now gimme those keys. Back to New York for starters. Come on, man, I'm starting to cramp up here. We have the chance right here, right now, I say we go! Then you're lucky I came along. Doesn't take a visionary to spot a golden opportunity like this. Now help me out of this trunk. You didn't think I was gonna let you escape alone, did you? Damn, it was getting hot in there. You haven't driven in 40 years, you ain't even got a license. Man's taking his life in his hands, putting you behind the wheel! Where you taking him? What the hell are you doing? You can't fool me, Claude. I know you got something brewing. Hey, I'm a lonely old man. I like to talk, too. So why don't we start by talking about what kind of a plan you're working on? You and Wilkins sure are getting chummy. You two planning on going steady, or something? You sure looked funny running for those pies, bullets flying all around you. We're not talking, you're talking, and doing too damn much of it, if you ask me. That was five years ago. I didn't do if for you, anyway. I just ain't no boot-licking trusty, that's all. After all these years of blissful silence, I almost forgot how annoying the sound of your voice can be. Excuse me? Are you talking to me? Then I have nothing left to say to you. Well, if that's the way it is... Better watch yourself Claude, before you say something you regret. Take that back or we ain't friends no more, Claude Banks. My daddy died in prison. He gave up hope and hung himself. What you're talking about is the same damn thing. That ain't how I'm going. Crop duster. I don't see you coming up with any plans. He said they keep it parked out behind the barn. Can't be that hard to fly a plane. Lots of people do it. One of the new kids said they're farming those acres just north of the swamp. He said he saw a crop duster flying around the place. Make 'em throw strikes. Let it go, Claude. It's a pardon from the governor. Whatever. Damn straight. I expect those Pittsburgh Crawdads to remember that. We're like his handlers. He can't function without us. So, Blocker, what do you think of our boy? Judge must have money riding on the championship. Can't be worse than any of these other fools. You want to hit? Yo, Claude. Give Can't Get Right a shot. What you're dealing with here is a complete lack of talent. Of course, he's in the lineup. There he goes right there. Hey, Babe...! You can starve to death for all I care. Now shut up, the game's about to start. Give me back that hot dog. I'll eat it myself. Ketchup? Who eats ketchup on a hot dog? Mustard's what you want. They must be the right people. Whoa, there goes the hot dog man. Let's get a couple. Damn, that smells good. Nothing like a ballpark hot dog, huh? Sure, it says Allie Reynolds right here in the program. He's warming up right now. Man, we're so close to the field I need cleats. How'd you get such good seats? I don't know. Who do you want? Hell, yes, Yankee Stadium. Bombers are playing a double-header against the Red Sox. We're in the Bronx, my man. Hundred and Sixty First Street. That's right, we'll get off at the next stop. The train's pulling into the station right now. We'll just get off at the next stop. All right, man, just settle down. We'll get outta here, Claude. We'll get outta here real soon. Keep it together, Claude. You wake up the man, he'll shoot you for sure. Hell, you'd probably be half way to New York by now... I'm stuck! I knew you wouldn't come if I didn't have a map. Cookie didn't draw it. I did. Absolutely. The map is very clear. New York's a long way's off. Let's just keep moving, okay? I said you're soft. I don't think so, Claude. You'd just slow me down. We'd have to stop every five minutes so you could polish your silverware. There's no way around it, you're soft. At least you're honest for once. So now you want to be my friend? Well, let me tell you something, Claude-my- shit-don't-stink-Banks. You got a lot to learn about friendship. You know what, Claude? This whole time we've been down here, you've done nothing but think about yourself, acting like this whole thing is my fault. That plan with your cousin, did that include me? Well, let's just think about that for a moment. He's a successful lawyer up in New York City and you're down here with a bright future in the cotton picking business. Eeny, meeny, miney, Maynard. On your behalf. What happened to we? We? Did I hear you say we? As I recall, you're the one who said there is no we. Guess we got some bad news in that letter, huh? Yeah. Cut the bullshit. What do you want, Claude? My daddy always said when a man starts talking about the weather keep you hand on your wallet. What do you want, Claude? Claude. I'm sure it don't. Maynard Banks, Esquire. Attorney at law. I'm not gonna forget it. What does that mean? If you've got a plan, I think I have a right to know about it. I told you my plan. What does that mean? You want out of this place, don't you? Don't tell me you're starting to like it here. What I know about boats is they take you to freedom. Come on, man. I think we can do this. That's why we won't take the train. Cookie showed me where there's a farm house. They got a boat there. You know what I'm saying. Cookie drew me a map to Greenville. Wait up there, Claude. You give that guy your corn bread and the next thing you know you'll be ironing his shirts and clipping his toenails. He just blocked it out. Nigger's crazy. He's the one who did all the stabbing. He's capable of some heinous shit. How 'bout him down there? I kinda lost track of how many people we killed that night. Must have been 15 or twenty -- not counting women and children. It was a real bloodbath. All that screaming... What about you, Radio? The fork is the least of your worries, Claude. He does it all by himself. Somebody just told me he wins the three-legged race every year. I wouldn't do that if I was you. Life?! How long is life? We were just walking back to the truck. We didn't do nothing! Fuck life! If it wasn't for me, you'd be washing up on the beach at Coney Island right now. "I need all my thumbs and fingers for praying and doing good." Man, this is gonna delay everything. Spanky's gonna be pissed. Hell with him then. If he can't share the driving, he can't ride in the truck. Winston. His name's Winston. My daddy's watch. This is the dude I was telling you about -- It ain't here. He's dead. We've still got 36 cases of rum. That's better than money. He even got my daddy's watch. While you were upstairs doing God's work, I was getting jack-legged by a fool with four threes. That was mighty charitable of you, Claude. Looks like we both got fucked tonight. So you made a generous contribution. That jelly you were talking to right here? Still got that ten dollars? Here I am. There are people down there having fun. I want to be one of them. I want you to be one of them. On Monday you can be a bank teller if you want, but tonight you're a bootlegger with a truck full of Puerto Rican rum and a fistful of cash. What are you complaining about? It worked out. Everything's cool. Now, come on, let's head down there and see what's shaking. We deserve a little reward. Don't get all agitated on me. I bought a bottle of rum from a couple of dudes, I heard 'em talking... What gave you that idea? Yeah, I want some pie. I call it like I see it, and what I see is definitely soft. I said you're soft. You're soft. Thanks for backing me up here, Uncle Claude. Look, ma'am, we've been driving all day. We'd just like to purchase one of those pies and we'll be on our way. Are you kidding? Tell me you don't want a slice of that pie right over there. I think I liked you better when you kept your trap shut. When there is, you can forget about it. And I swear to God, you ever talk about my daddy again I'm gonna kick your bank-telling, loan-denying ass, you got me? Ah, go chase yourself. I'll take my business elsewhere. And for future reference, you are no longer welcome at Ray's Boom-Boom Room. My daddy is dead so watch your mouth. You can say what you want about me, but don't be dragging my daddy into it. This watch means the world to me. Solid gold. Keeps perfect time. My daddy gave me this watch. Like this? How would I get a loan, anyway? So you mean, if I needed some jack to get my nightclub up and running, I'd have to hype some square like you? A loan officer? You're talking about giving up baseball to be a bank teller. You gave up baseball to be a bank teller? I can't latch on to that. Why didn't you take it? Hey, you'd be surprised what you find in other people's pockets. Just gotta avoid them deadbeat bank tellers. Get you every time. I don't know. Bank teller. Sounds like ladies work to me. Nothing. That's some long green. Start your job? What kind of job? Come on, daddy-o. You haven't said a word since we started. Least you could do is make some friendly conversation. You? Dine and ditch, right? Over ten bucks? You're probably looking at a thumb. I can't wait to see that. You slay me, man. Probably to Spanky's headquarters down at the pier. Did those two muscle heads shake you down? Swear I've seen them down at the track with Sure-shot Riley. That's it, ain't it? A gambling debt. What I want to know is what happened to your cush between the time that you got up from the table and when I caught up with you in the Johnny? Here, this belongs to you. It was empty when I found it. That's right! Good old Monroe... Claude Banks. How could I forget that? You've got to remember me. Ray Gibson. We went to high school together. Sure I do. What's your name again? Don't I know you? No problem. Oh, boy! Made just for you, Cookie. Well, not yet. It's still in the planning stages. Alright, well, let's say you make it to Greenville. What's there, anyway? You killed Santa Claus? Can't I get one of those steaks you got grilling back there? What is that? C'mon, Goldmouth, somebody's gotta watch the front door. That's right, fellas. Catch any cab heading uptown. All the drivers know Ray's Boom-Boom Room. He's a good friend of mine. Drops by the club whenever he's in town. Just because it's in my mind, Goldmouth, don't mean it ain't real. Everything worth anything starts with a dream. My corn bread? Oh no, my friend. I love corn bread. They gave me life, mama. I can't believe this. I always said I'd never end up like this. I thought I'd make something of myself, do something with my life. You know, be successful. Have a big house, a family. Now I'm gonna end up just like daddy. I can't take that, mama. Don't cry, mama. This place ain't so bad as it looks. Sure, we work hard, but there's plenty fresh air and sunshine... And you know something else, I've taken to going to church regular. They got services every Sunday right there in the mess hall. Don't worry about that. Hey, fellas, this here is my mama. These are some of my friends. That's Willie, there's Poker Face, Radio, Cookie, Goldmouth, Biscuit, Jangle Leg. What are you doing here, mama? Mama? I'm going in for him. He'd do the same for me. It'll be too late. He must still be in there. Hey, where's Claude? I don't see Claude! He shoots me, I swear I'll take you with me! I just want to hear you say it. That watch was the only thing my daddy ever gave me. It meant the world to me. I'm gonna work this man's brains out the back of his head. Like you shot Winston Hancock? She give you that scar, too? Must have been some time ago. Maybe forty years? Sure don't. Mind if I ask where you got it? That's a real nice watch you got there, sir. Fancy old thing even plays a little tune. I'm just trying to pay the toll on the road to justice. Mr. Johnson is very well connected. If you were to let us go, I guarantee he would show you his appreciation, if you know what I mean. Excuse me, sheriff. As we explained to your associate here, there's been a mistake. We didn't kill anybody. Now, as for the bootlegging, we happen to work for a very important man in New York. Satchmo. They're called subways. A nickel will take you from one end of Manhattan to the other. Helluva ride, too. Anybody else need anything read? No, it says Marleen here. Apparently, your sister died. You should have come by last night, Radio. You woulda had yourself some fun. You mean the Boom-Boom Room? Sure I've been to the Cotton Club. It's pretty sweet. But it don't hold a candle to the Boom Boom Room. That's where the real action is. Greenville, that the nearest town? I slipped in a couple of bottles of my latest batch. Help wash down all them pills they'll be giving you. Alright Willie, I think I got everything. I'll talk to Dillard, see if I can get up to the infirmary and check up on you. Make sure they're changing your diapers regular. I'm talking about old Satchmo nearly blew the roof off the joint. That's my joint. The swinginest nightclub in town. You all been here a long time. Doesn't anybody ever escape from this place? What are you in for, Willie? What's your name? Maybe we will. Nice meeting you. Blacks welcome there? Man, that music is hot. What goes on down there, Slim? How you doing? We're looking for Slim. I just want somebody who won't put a bullet in my back once the truck is full. I'll take the little choirboy, if you don't mind. Understood. All I need is the front money and a truck. I could be back in two, three days tops if I had somebody to share the driving. Comes up the Mississippi. I can get more. A lot more. I was thinking about going into business for myself, but under the circumstances, I'd be willing to take on a partner. Puerto Rican rum. See for yourself. Come on, Spank, I'm just trying to get by here. You remember how it was when you were starting out. You don't have to drown that fella, Spanky. You already scared him half to death. He didn't know who he was fucking with.Green's the only color that matters under the hill. They got gambling, girls. You oughta check it out. That's Natchez-under-the-Hill. You found him.If I was you, I'd want somebody who can handle himself in a tight spot. Alright, Ray, you've got a deal. Pick your man and get going. If you fuck me on this one, I'll spare no expense. I'm interested. Keep talking. Where'd you get this? What's that, some of your bathtub brew? But you do. What does that say about you, Ray? What does that say about me? I've given you a lot of leeway over the years on account of your father. But he didn't last long enough to teach you the meaning of the word respect so I guess I'm gonna have to school you myself.I'm not your boss. Not anymore. Claude, mind helping me to the bathroom? He's right, Gibson. Put down the gun and we'll work this out. Goodnight, Claude. I'll be right back. You know I trust you, Claude. Half the men in this prison swear they're innocent. Don't you think that's kinda funny? Forty years. That's a long time for any crime, even murder. You been on the farm for quite a spell, haven't you? I apologize, Claude. That was rude of me. You know, I'm fixing on retiring at the end of the summer, gonna try to enjoy what few years I have left. What do you think of this place? It's one of those new retirement communities down on the Gulf. Damn dentures slipping again. Everything falls apart when you grow old, eh, Claude? Time sure marches on. Is there any truth to what he's saying, Pike? Do you realize what your saying, Gibson? What's going on here? If somebody deserves respect, Mr. Pike, they receive it from me, convict or no convict. I believe in treating the convicts with respect, if that's what you mean. Thank you, Claude. That'll be all for tonight. Hunting's been pretty good on the farm the last few years. It's one of the perks of the job. If you're interested, tomorrow I could show you some of my favorite spots. I'm sorry, I don't keep any liquor in the house. Lemonade?Nothing to it, really. Claude figured they could steal a couple of bodies from the morgue. They got a couple of crackers working there don't know their asses from their elbows. Then they was gonna set fire to the infirmary and make it look like those bodies was them that got stuck inside. Claude figured during the commotion, it wouldn't be too hard to slip onto one of the fire trucks and hang tight until it rolled right on out of here in the morning. It's alright for a man to cry once in awhile. Just don't make a habit of it. Of course nobody believed Ray and Claude. Old man Wilkins' never came out of that bathroom. Died right there on the crapper. Ray's special recipe. He always had exacting standards where the hooch was concerned. Sixty-five years ago. They always said the farm couldn't hold 'em forever. Looks like you're finally free, boys. I was already here a good many years when they came in in 1932. They'll be sending you up there soon enough. And not just for a visit, neither. Last night? What are you talking about, Ray? What's the Boom Boom Room? They run but they never get too far. Goldmouth? They say he was born out back behind the shithouse. That's what they say. That's a long story... Me? Willie Long.