You got everything you ever wanted. Next time, make sure you put a barf bag in the centerfold. Holy stinkers, what were you thinking? Brilliant! Molly, give me all you've got. For Merk. I love those springy head puppies! No, leave one. Somebody's grandmother might want one. Chicks are like buses. If you miss one, don't sweat it. There's another coming 'round the corner. With a refrigerated cargo bed full of sirloin tip. You'll never believe who's in there. You're late, bro! A couple of boys fighting over a pair of red silk panties is nothing compared to what he's seen. I'd call you a sick, twisted fuck. But this is different. She wasn't your mother mother-- Take a whiff of heaven. ...where they get all the really good porno channels on cable. I'd feel like staying up all night! Forever! Or at least till I got the LAY of the land, SO TO SPEAK. Don't be such a pansy. All of this is YOURS. Then there must be a whole room, made completely of chocolate. Dead? Beauty? No. We're talking GODDESS. Check it out! Hurry. Check this out. Hurry! Yeah, whatever. I'd kiss your mother with this mouth. I mean, if she wasn't, you know... Oh. Well. Maybe not yet. I wonder how many of them will be at the orgy tonight? This is like my every wet dream come true. I don't even care that you're here, too, bro. I can't believe that's your mother. We're talking babe-a-licious chub fest, right here in the 501's. And like every hamburger guy knows, when you get your one big chance at the good life, you abuse every second of it until they figure out you don't belong there and kick your sorry ass out. Don't you know anything about limo etiquette? Everything in here is included for our pleasure. For a guy about to try his first Dom Perignon, you are extremely uptight. This is the life, baby. We get ourselves some tail and we're talking SPRING BREAK! ...A bouncer? Are you serious? Who the hell was your father? What are the odds of there being ANOTHER Ted Nelson on our flight? And nobody knows you're a virgin! Aw, who are we kidding... Nobody knows you barfed during junior high school graduation. Seriously, it's like we're being reborn. We really could reinvent ourselves here, just like you said. Nobody knows about your massive humiliation. Think about it...Long tunnel, bright lights, it's full of vaginal symbolism. Don't do it, Ted. Don't do it. That's crazy talk. You have a better chance of being hit by a Mack truck with a refrigerated cargo bed full of sirloin tip. One thing for sure, Christy Malone ain't lookin THAT good naked. The only chick more untouchable than Christy Malone is Miss April. "Hi, my name's Ginger. I love tofu burgers, rainy nights, and riding bareback. My biggest turn-off is cell phones during sex." Here's a tip: set it on VIBRATE, honey, and don't be stingy with the lube. Don't knock it till you tried it. She smiles at everyone, Ted. She's like a newborn with gas. That vibe is from your wrist, pal. You've been over-tenderizing your meat, again. Don't get me wrong. We can salivate over all the Christy Malones of our lives. Wishing we could devour them like melt-in-your-mouth filet mignon. But we're strictly hamburger guys. Ground chuck, sixty eight percent lean, is about the best we can hope for. Come on, bro. Spare yourself the humiliation, the degradation... God, I love being dead. These are real, live women? Let me get this straight... Oh, god. Look. Look. Naked girls, wild sex, video games. No wonder it's called "Heaven." He kicked major ass and you know it. Jealousy is so unattractive. You've obviously never had your dogs nestled in thousand dollar Italian loafers. We reinvented ourselves.We think you should give up the magazine. Sell it. Let someone else run it. Whatever it takes. We miss you. We miss our son. But that doesn't make you the boss of everything, son. We love our lives just the way they are. Ted, we put a lot of love in our business. I always wanted Craftsman tools. He even got me the limited edition Buckeye colors. Of course, dumpling. Its very nice of Ted but... We own a small family grocery store. I will not have my boys arguing. Watch your tone, mister. You ordered a Winnebago? Your mom said you've been ignoring your chores. Sorry I-- But those are our dreams, son. We have to make them come true. We're grateful, Ted. It's not that. Those Craftsman tools...they're a dream come true. Well, good. Every little bit helps. I know they were simple people, but did this trip help your college fund at all? Ted, it's your dad. I have a question for you. I don't know how to put it tactfully. You know I'm lousy with words. There ya go. Always remember, focus on the peach... Whatever helps you cope. Think of it as a rite of passage to manhood. Be a sport. How bad could spring break in Los Angeles be? They did do one great thing. They gave us our boy. They had a rough life. Your father was a bouncer. Your mother was, well, a two-bit stripper. There was no place for a baby. Son. Of course we are. I'm getting so good at this. The lesson being? You're way ahead of me again? Grandpa was so strong back then. Working from the crack of dawn. So proud of his peaches. I remember spring break of my senior year. Seems like a lifetime ago. We understand your disappointment, Teddy. Christy is a pretty, sexy, provocative, voluptuous... We...uh...we understand your disappointment.I see, so you'd be open to little ladies from Pasadena, who want to show you their knickers? What about the future? You planning to rock the boat at all? Stir things up in "Heaven?" Are they hitting you up for donations? Asking you to sponsor the local quilting bee? How are the hometown folks treating you, back in Xenia?From my wise, albeit youthful, vantage point, the world is your oyster. You scored big. You ever look down on them again and call them "grocers" like it's a dirty word, and you'll be sucking your filet mignon through a straw for six to eight weeks. Got it? But just for the record, my Mom is a kick-ass schoolteacher and my Dad is the best damn auto mechanic this side of the Himalayas. You seem to have forgotten they opened Nelson's FAMILY Market so they could build something permanent, a legacy, for us. Their kids. Look Ted. I'm cool with everything. You've long been dissatisfied with our mediocre little town. You've always had an itch for the good life. I'm happy for you. This couldn't happen to a nicer guy. I meant biologically. Funny you should say that. My Grandfather was a peach farmer. You can't come back. That is, you can, but your things will be in the room you currently think of as mine. Aside from the fact that Mom's eyes are nearly swollen shut from crying and Dad spends all his time under the car trying to fix stuff that isn't broken, things couldn't be better. Are you kidding? Mom and Dad discover I'm gone and I'll be doing hard time. Just a formality. If you could just sign right there. Mom and Dad said it's yours. They seem to think you're coming home. Better view, more spacious, new carpet. It's a no-brainer. I came to ask permission to take custody of your room. My new bike. They say money can't buy happiness but this is a reasonably good facsimile. Impressive. This is bigger than our whole house. She knew exactly where you were staying, which you neglected to tell me, your own brother. You can call me Jimmy again. Sheryl Petersen said James sounds too pretentious. Mom, Dad. Meatloaf has come to represent all that Ted hates about his mediocre life and the world we live in. He's what you'd call clinically bummed.Alcohol does horrible things to a developing young mind. Our state has a zero tolerance policy for underage drinking. Mr. Nelson, you disappoint me. First you break our school board rules. Then you break the law. I'm warning you. You're crossing the line, Mr. Nelson. Deaf ears, Mr. Nelson. I answer to a higher power. Rules are rules. We cannot afford free speech if it excises the moral fiber of this community! What kind of sick question is that? I'll be watching you, young man. Your money and power mean nothing here. Nothing. I never figured you for a pimp. That's a good start, yes. A very good start. Ted, you are the best editor this school paper ever had. You don't need to be pandering flesh. It's nonsense. It's beneath you. I'll be blunt. I know you can take it. I like you, Ted. You know that. I liked you before you were filthy rich.Except the girl. The only one that really mattered. We wanted to challenge the notions of classic beauty. We wanted to showcase women throughout the world. Get them together. And while you're at it, I'll take ten dozen of those puppies with the springy heads. Hell yes, all hundred and seventeen of 'em! I thought I loved her. I feel like I've just been hit by a Mack truck. It better not be my Aunt Trudy. Sorry. Ginger got a little, you know, enthusiastic. Yeah, he's probably been serving cocktails, SO TO SPEAK, at the orgies. Give me those! How would you like it if I did that to your mother's panties? Oh, how inappropriate is that! I feel like I'm entering a forbidden tomb... It's a lot to digest. Imagine how you'd feel. And some really fast cars. Our plane crashed. In the Grand Canyon. A big fiery explosion. We never made it to L.A. They needed dental records to identify us. And this place. This. Actually. Is. Heaven. I get it now. You and me. We're dead. Don't tell me. Another vision of incomparable beauty? What is it now? I better go, Dad. So far away? In Xenia? You kiss your mother with that mouth? Not ever. Never. This isn't some 80's porno film, you dip shit. There are no wild sex orgies. Be cool. Fake it if you have to. Perv. Wait a second, I thought we were hamburger guys. Cut it out, before you break something! Maybe he got promoted. Well, Dad said... Astronomical. Nobody knows about your constant masturbation. Nobody knows about your mental retardation. Poor Freud, turning in his grave. Any time, any day, a man can completely reinvent himself. I defy any and all limits. I defy your hamburger theory of life, and all of the unfulfilled hopes and dreams it represents. Someday, I'll find out. Were you always this sick? See? Did you see that? I genuinely think she wants me. I feel a vibe. That's Charlie. My best friend. He's into beef analogies, partly because he's a butcher's son, and partly because, well, he's just into beef analogies. What can I say? He's also a photographer... You and your pep talks. God, you are so hot. Come on, I was hamburger. You were porterhouse. You expect me to think at a time like this? There isn't a drop of blood in my brain. You have changed since second grade. I miss those days, when schoolyard sexual harassment was without consequence. That was code for "I like you." I remember the first time you walked into Mrs. Temple's class in 2nd grade. Blue gingham dress. Blond ponytail. Do it? I do? I mean, yeah, I do. Christy? You want to be in "Heaven?" Yeah? You like? So that's a maybe? So you'll think about it? But that smile. You like me. I like you. I guess it's pretty obvious to everyone. SHUT UP! Are you serious? Of course I will...of course. Yeah? Yeah? Ladies first. I insist. From your lips, to God's ears. Shut your pie hole, Jimmy. Why don't you just admit what this is really all about? I'm not your real kid and you can't control me anymore. THAT is your dream, not mine. My dream is so far beyond anything YOU PEOPLE could even imagine. I paid off the mortgage! I ordered that Winnebago you always wanted! Now you're ashamed of me? It's okay. You need me? Consider me your fairy godfather, except without the fairy part. No more mealy apples and bruised bananas, ever, for the rest of your lives. Finally, some gratitude. Dad, let's just say I can buy anything I want in the whole bookstore. Including the bookstore. Just say it, Dad. ...not the pit. I guess it's better than having tribal patterns carved in my face. Like one of those "National Geographic" specials with the topless chicks? I guess we could go to Disneyland or something. Yeah. I guess. Well, why should I? They didn't want me when I was born. Why should I care... You guys are my parents. Sometimes you have to do stuff you don't want to do. It's all part of growing up. And it usually works out peachy in the end. It was the year of the rhizopus rot. Grandpa almost lost the farm. You sacrificed your dream to go to the prize hog festival. And in the end you saved the peaches and you didn't have to slaughter your sow. Remember how you struggled through that whole facts of life talk and then found out I knew more than you? Dad, please. It's my private business! Mine! I guess...I don't know...I guess we should leave if we're not wanted. Hang in there, I'll think of something. What do you want me to do? Of course we were. Whatever you want. Hmmm? I always knew there was more. I felt it. What do you mean? I'm Ted Nelson. Hi ho, Silver. Shopping, really? I should tell my friend. I almost didn't recognize you without...you know...that stallion between...your...uh...legs. The one with the horses. I'm Ted, by the way. I think I forgot to say that. Some of them have to be automatics. I don't even know if I should be doing this. It's a very expensive car. Got it. I don't have much experience with a...uh...stick. I-I don't have the keys. And the girl I love, she hates "Heaven." If I keep it, she'll never respect me. They're not my parents, Helen. My parents are back in Xenia and I hurt them very much. My legacy. I wondered about them, for so many years. I wondered if I looked like them, acted like them. I wondered why they gave me up. You mean they knew who I was? Look, the girls of Xenia are gorgeous, you'll see. Next month we'll be back to normal. No problem, consider it done. I had this idea of shooting on location. Outdoors, you know? Maybe at some famous Xenia landmarks. You think that would be a problem? You're on the next plane home. Matter of fact, Jay, I'm planning a pictorial focusing on the women of my hometown, "The Girls of Xenia." Just to show my appreciation. Matter of fact, Jay, my uncle and I are planning to rethink the magazine. To expand the traditional western notions of "beauty." I'm no stranger to the notion of philanthropy. Andrew Carnegie has long been one of my idols. Well, Jay. They've been exceptionally supportive. Great. I didn't forget. That's a crappy thing to say. He was my Grandfather, too. You're a peach. I miss them, too. Are they okay? That's it? I mean, you don't want to order room service or anything? We could play games and watch movies and stuff. You want it in writing? You can have it, then. I'm not going back there. It's not up to me. My room? Very funny. So, what brings you here at his hour? Most places are, Jimmy. It's really late...do your parents know where you are? Sheryl Petersen is, what, nine years old, what does she know? James, what are you doing here? Why can't we have pot roast or stroganoff or even a little London broil? I mean, for god's sake, we own a grocery store! They're playing our song. Dare I ask for this dance? Yellow pages? I graduated from college. Did great, summa cum laude and all. And I'm about to launch a brand new magazine called "EXPOSED!" An homage to Miss Julie Conroy of Xenia, Ohio. The thing is, I'll need a first mate. And I thought maybe I'd take up boating. I've always wanted to be a "coxswain." I decided to let Helen run the magazine. I need to go to college, learn a few things, you know. Julie, wow. I was afraid you left. I was afraid I'd never see you again. The thing is, I made a commitment. I said I'd do it and I have to keep my word. You're quick. I like that. You've seen one naked breast, you've seem them all. Aw Julie, it's my job. It's like being a doctor. I know, their small town mentality can be maddening. But absolutely true. Julie, I'll tell you something that is the god's honest truth. I've seen a lot of really beautiful girls. I mean a lot. But none of them make me feel like you do. I want you to trust me. Come on. Do you trust me, Julie? Turned out to be a scoundrel, eh? I saw that one coming. A Portuguese boyfriend. Sounds very "Cosmo." I see. Tell me more. What about you? My fantasy is a totally naked woman, wearing nothing but a Timex and suede clogs. Shoes, if you want to know the truth. Shoes are my thing. I have a bit of a goosebump fetish. Not many people know that. That has more to do with your proximity to me. Look at us. It's one o'clock in the morning, on a school night. We're in a smoky nightclub, hoping to catch our principal with some big city tart. At least it's not another 4-H meeting or a Big Brother barbecue. I don't know. This place seems pretty tame. Let's do it. He's on the move? That's probably my office. Then you won't mind covering that watermelon seed spitting contest next week... He shut down your paper! You're stuck writing articles about swap meets and raffles and PTA brunches! There's gotta be something. We have to dig deeper. In a word: MERK. EXPOSED. If we were a team, we could do anything. I mean, anything. Even when you infuriate me, I still want to kiss you. You're amazing. And then what? I feel like I'm being drawn and quartered. Like every part of me is being pushed and pulled and tugged in a different direction. It's all so complicated. I mean my father. You think my dad would have been like that if I knew him? You think he would have bought me a stadium, instead of teaching me how to play ball? Now it makes sense, the whole neo Bohemian, down with hypocrisy, fight the power crap. You're a poor little rich girl. I see. He cared enough to want you to have it. Whatever. I can't believe your dad built this for you. Where are we going? Wow...you clean up nice. Why can't you be nice to me? Charlie's right. Jealousy is so unattractive. You're implying she's, what, a gold digger? Well? What do you think of her? A little respect would be nice, that's all. See? You're impertinent, rude, sarcastic. Considering this is your first time on a private jet, on which you are interviewing the world's most eligible bachelor, you are extremely cavalier. My adoptive grandfather. Who knows what my biological grandfather did. Funny you should say "peachy." Write what you want. Just try not to make it so obvious that you're crazy about me. Don't write that part. You never know around here. I guess. I felt limited. I felt confined. I felt like I was suffocating. I don't get the distinction. I have to admit, I always felt... different. Really? You wanna write about me? Me? What do you want from me? I'm trying to be fair. But I can't keep you on staff if you turn every PTA meeting into an Agent Orange cover up. That's not ENTIRELY true. I'm trying to help. Come on, Julie. Don't screw up. You have some real talent. In the sense that there is no "hidden agenda" behind a bake sale that raised five hundred dollars for seeing eye dogs. Your article sucked. It's so nice to have FRIENDS like you, Christy. But you triple-dog-dared me. I have absolutely no intention-- Me-ow. Christy's a very talented journalist. I see a Pulitzer in her future. Look, I loved "Exposed!" and I hate it that you got busted. I know the school paper sucks in comparison, but it's really not THAT BAD. The school dumpsters used to overflow to the point where the stench was unbearable. My award winning expos� changed all that. The city added an extra weekday trash pick-up. That's just one example. My reporting has made a difference. I need your help. I'm really in deep shit. Everything I am is because of you. Can you ever forgive me? Forget the store. Think big. Like take that trip to Buckingham Palace. Go deep sea fishing in the Gulf of Mexico. Now's your chance. You're free. You can do anything you ever wanted to do! Don't you get it? In one day I earn more interest than the store's entire annual revenue. You don't have to work another day in your lives. I'll make you very proud. Only the best for my mother. Mom. Believe me. I could buy all that AND the factories they came from. Just a few tokens of my affection. I'll be back soon, don't worry. Well? Surprised? It's okay, Mom. Trust me. Yeah, I'm doing fine. I have so much to tell you. I don't even know where to begin. I'm all right, Mom. I'm not in Siberia, you know. Charlie, at a will reading? What did I do to deserve this? What? Having spring break ruined by will readings? I don't have a shred of privacy in this whole stupid town! What is this? Does everybody know everything I'm about to say or do every freakin' minute of the day? You called the cops on us? What law, Merk? Having fun? Letting down our hair on prom night? You kicked us off your turf, Merk. Don't rain on our parade. A new pediatric wing at the hospital? A presidential campaign? Name it. Anything. A statue in front of city hall, dedicated to Principal Dick Merkin? Come on, it's our only senior prom. Honestly, Merk. It's like you were never seventeen and the head of a media empire. If that were true, this would be one seriously constipated town. Most guys in Xenia have been looking at naked girls in "Heaven" since they were old enough to figure out their dads hide it under the mattress. With all due respect to Merk, he doesn't have to read my magazine. But he has no right to stop others. Ever hear of the First Amendment? I guess you won't be wanting that Rolex I sent you, then? Have you ever even looked at "Heaven?" Are you kidding? This magazine is my dream. It's every red-blooded, heterosexual male's dream. You think I ought to just tell them thanks but no thanks? I don't want your silly billion dollar empire? Yes, sir. I'll brace myself. Thanks, Principal Merkin. That's right. And guess who's the new King of the Unemployment Line. Thanks for teaching me an important lesson. What makes a family is love, not blood. My job. Back off, Benedict. --PEACHES! CANNED PEACHES! Yes? Thanks, Uncle Billy. Thanks for everything. I'd love to, but I really need to crack the books. Final exams are coming up and I've been slacking. Yeah, well, like my Grandpa used to say...you can't change your Christmas past, but you sure can exchange your Christmas presents. I owe it all to you. Without your help I'd be lost. Seriously? I'm doing all right? It was incredible. The light, the crowd, everything. I never saw anybody turn so many shades of red. My father must've been amazing. Really? So I'm doing OK? I'm Ted Nelson. I guess you already know that part. For two years I've been the editor of the high school paper in Xenia, Ohio. I've won some awards, made a difference. I've always had journalism in my soul. Now I know why. That's perfect. In other words, our scope is too narrow. You think we should be more open minded? What kind of ideas? My parents always say hard work builds character. You seem like you're anything but lazy, Uncle Billy. Really? You'd do that for me? It's really going to be strange going home in a couple of days. I would have been laughed right out of Xenia. I was like a different person tonight. Whoa. But...that's the thing... I've never even actually... Me? The King of Coitus? I do? All those people out there. It's a lot of pressure. Truth is, I'm a little nervous. Just a couple of finishing touches. My parents always said you never get a second chance to make a good first impression. Yeah. Everything's cool. Tipping? I...uh...I think she's doing fine on her own. Ah, in other words, this is the apres-orgy salon? Seldom? No kidding? As much as possible. Of course I like girls. Uh, sure. Uncle Billy. I'm seventeen. I know it like the back of my hand. It's spring break. I don't want to go to a will reading. You've got the wrong guy. The closest my parents have been to the Amazon is the Brazilian pavilion at Epcot. My parents? What do you mean? Oh no. No way. I've had all the bad news I can take for one day. People pay good money for that? I was in the middle of a melodramatic exit. It wouldn't really make a statement if I tiptoed out the door...What are you selling?Everything. Before we knew it, we created the most popular men's magazine in the entire nation. The rest is history. We had no idea the nudie magazine we started in the garage would turn into all this. If you're anything like yours truly, then you probably figure we didn't want you when you were born, so who cares if we're dead? Am I right? But if you're watching this, then it means we bit the dust.We don't generally feature blow-up dolls in our magazine. But hey, if you think there's a market for it. If it isn't straight by now, son, you probably should see a doctor. Every one of these women thinks she should be the next Angel of the Month. It's your job, Ted, to decide which of them is right. Never say never. This is a fun place...but we don't usually come here until after the orgies. Aw, come on, kid. Throw me a bone. I'm your uncle for gosh sakes. All is fair in "Heaven," Ted-baby. What are you doing? I loved my brother. I stood by his wishes to let his son run the company. A son he never knew. A son that he and his wife gave away at birth. A son who was raised in a world quite different from our own. Nevertheless, I was there for the lad. I guided him as best I could. But he's only seventeen, with a mind of his own and judgment that is, well, frankly, not a chip off the old block. There is only one clear solution... And I think we all know what that is-- We've got a huge problem with the magazine, Ted-baby. Our readers hate it. HATE IT. We need to talk. You're a great kid. Don't you forget it. You're right. I should work, too. Our first issue together is almost ready to print. I wish I knew you years ago, when my brother was alive. I wish he never gave you up. You're taking this bull of an empire by the horns, but you're still keeping your small town values. You're not letting all this "stuff" spoil you. Such enthusiasm. Have I told you lately how proud I am of you? I can't wait to see the pictures. He was in a league of his own. So far, so good. Some of them have real Angel potential. Don't forget to tell them all your qualifications. At our press conference tomorrow, I think we should announce our plans to explore the world. Not just a few leggy 36D's, with blond hair upstairs and down. The world is a big, beautiful place. We can open new markets in Africa and Asia. Imagine the Dali Lhama reading our magazine. Well...for one thing...I think it's despicable that we exclude so many women that only fit our western notion of "classic beauty." It's not like I didn't have ideas, I had plenty of ideas. But I never even shared them with your father. Never had the guts. I never finished school myself. Never had to. My brother built this empire from nothing but his wife's perky tits and a whole lot of gumption. He gave me a cushy job on a silver platter. I never struggled for a second. I've been very lazy for a long, long time. You ARE home. But go ahead, finish school, do what you feel you need to do. In the meantime, I'll be your point person here on the magazine. No one will be laughing at you now, Ted. You can take that to the bank. You were the new and improved you. I told you you could do it. Why, look who's here. The Supreme Sovereign of Sexuality. You're the Sultan of Semen. The Monarch of Masturbation. The Merchant Prince of Lust. You. Ted. Are the King of Coitus. You are a multi-media magnate. The Tycoon of Tits. The Baron of Bottoms. Huh! You laugh in the face of pressure! YOU? Nervous? Why on earth should you be nervous? They said that? Really? Oh, your parents. The Nelson's. Right, right. How midwest. I like that. You ready for your big coming out party? Everybody's dying to meet you. There you are, Ted-baby. Everything all right? We don't allow TIPN, Ted. Maybe she needs help, Ted. You should be a gentleman. Indeed it is. During the day, visitors prefer to be outside, au naturel. As it were. The parties are held in here when the weather dips below seventy. Which is seldom. You're sure? A lot? I mean, a whole lot? You do like girls, don't you? I have only one concern... Smashing! Welcome to the family, Ted. You are going to breathe some new life into this place. You are going to set the world on fire! You are going to...call me Uncle Billy? Please?