Solomon... Solomon, turning back to his wife with a broad smile waving her forward: I will not ruin my dress. Catch me! Solomon moves close, holds out his arms. Yet, there's still just a bit of mischievousness in his eyes. Anne gives her husband a lightly stern look to which Solomon replies. You will. And with that Anne takes the leap. Solomon catches her, swings her around grandly and sets her down lightly to the delighted applause of the children. That done, Solomon takes Anne's hand and leads her on. As Solomon and his family make their way, among the slaves on the street, we see one in particular; JASPER. As he trails his MASTER he can't help but note Solomon and his family as they enter A STORE. His intrigue of this most handsome and harmonious group should be obvious. With his Master occupied, Jasper moves slyly toward the STORE. Frozen on the spot, Jasper looks on admiringly. Suddenly a voice barks out- I am. Using a long pole, Mr. Parker fetches down a CARRY ALL from an upper shelf. It's beautiful. We will take it. Children, come see what your father has just purchased for me. As the children run over - chattering excitedly about the new gift - they RUN PAST JASPER who has quietly entered the store. At the checkout counter sits a portrait of WILLIAM HENRY HARRISON, the edges draped in black crepe. Before the book sits a LEDGER. Mr. Parker asks of Solomon: Will you read it again? Not just now, darling. Anne enters the dining room and places a large chicken at the center of the table. As she takes a seat, all heads are bowed. For food that stays our hunger, For rest that brings us ease, For homes where memories linger, We give our thanks for these. Thank you, Papa. Yes, and you were such a good help. Especially making the gravy. Papa, I would very much like to learn how to play the violin. Could you teach me? Yes, but I asked Papa first. It is the custom. I wonder what  you'll do without me? Darling, it's good money. You don't.  They kiss. Stay safely. Anne and the children loaded up, the Driver chides the horse and the carriage heads off. Solomon waves a hearty good bye to his wife and children. My darling. My sweet, sweet baby. When I say I had my master's favor, you understand. Above even his own wife, I had it. Do you know that he built a house for me? Built it on the sole condition that I reside there with him. The added promise in time I would be emancipated. And for nine years he blessed me with every comfort and luxury in life. Displaying the finery she still wears: Silks and jewels and even servants to wait upon us. Such was our life, and the life of this beautiful girl I bore for him. But Master Berry's daughter...she always looked at me with an unkind nature. She hated Emily no matter she and Emily were flesh of flesh. As Master Berry's health failed, she gained power in the household. Eventually, I was brought to the city on the false pretense of our free papers being executed. If I had known what waited; to be sent south? I swear I would not have come here alive. My poor, poor babies. No, please don't... Please... Cheer up and don't be so cast down. Clemens Ray and Solomon watch as the Mulatto Woman returns to top deck, the trapdoor locked firmly behind  her. Clemens Ray turns to Solomon with a deadpan stern  expression. Please, sir... Please don't divide my family. Don't take me unless you take my children as well. You will have the most faithful slave in me, sir. The most faithful slave that has ever lived, but I beg that you do not separate us. A BUYER interrupts the skirmish and approaches Freeman and delivers coolly, eyeing Randall- I will not go without my children. You will not take them from me. Please, don't. No! Freeman, to Cape: Mama... Mama! Don't cry, Mama. I will be a good girl. Don't cry. I will keep my head up and I will look smart. I will always look smart. It's all I have to keeps my loss present. Have you stopped crying for your children? You make no sounds, but will you ever let them go in your heart? Then who is distressed? Do I upset the Mistress and the Master? Do you care less for my loss than their well being? He is a slaver. Under the circumstances he is a slaver! Christian only in his proclamations. Separated me from my precious babies for lack of a few dollars. But you truckle at You luxuriate in his favor. Ford is your opportunity. Do you think he does not know that you are more than you suggest? But he does nothing for you. Nothing. You are no better than prized livestock. Call for him. Call, tell him of your previous circumstances and see what it earns you...Solomon. Eliza uses Solomon's name quite pointedly as if to underscore his true self. Solomon get her meaning. Yet he says nothing. Again, pointedly: So, you've settled into your role as Platt, then? I accuse you of nothing. I cannot accuse. I too have done so many, many dishonorable things to survive. And for all of them I have ended up here... No better than if I had stood up for myself. Father, Lord and Savior forgive me... Forgive me. Oh, Solomon, let me weep for my children. Sell her! You will sell the negress! No other. Sell her! You will remove that black bitch from this property, 'er I'll take myself back to Cheneyville. Platt... Can you find your way to Bartholomew's? This is a list of goods and sundries. You will take it to be filled and return immediately. Tell Bartholomew to add it to our debt. Where yah from, Platt? Tell me again. Who were yah Master? Was he a learned man? He learn yah ta read? Don't trouble yer self with it. Same as the rest, Master bought yah to work. Tha's all. And any more'll earn yah a hun'red lashes. Having delivered her cool advice, Mistress heads back into the house. Any trouble? Nigger Platt. Drink tea? Would you knowed Massa Epps's consternation ta be any lessened wit your timely return? Sit. Sit and drink the tea that offered. L'il gossip on the Sabbath be fine. All things in moderation. Solomon is not sure what to say. He struggles to be as diplomatic as possible. He do. No doubt...if not born outta truth itself. The Mistress waves to Shaw. Shaw, unsuspecting of the conversation, waves back. Nothin' Epps desire come outta concern. He ain't heard you. Ha! You worry for me? Got no cause to worry for my sensibilities. I ain't felt the end of a lash in 'mo years than I cain recall. Ain't worked a field, neither. Where one time I served, now I got others servin' me. The cost to my current existence be Massa Shaw broadcasting his affections, 'n me enjoyin' his pantomime of fidelity. If that what keep me from the cotton pickin' niggers, that what it be. A small and reasonable price to be paid 'fo sure. Looking toward Patsey, speaking with great empathy: What? Wha's the fuss? What is it? Ya cain't remain the Sabbath without her under your eye? Ya are a no-account bastard. A filthy, godless heathen. My bed is too holy for yah ta share. Of yer misbegotten ways. A moment from the dancing. Come sample what I baked for y'all. The slaves, thankful for the rest as much as the food, file toward the tray reciting a chorus of "Thank you, Mistress." As Patsey moves toward the pastries: Are you blind or ignorant? It was hot, hateful scorn. It filled that black face. Yah tell me yah did'n see it, then yah choose not to look, or yah sayin' I lie. Is that how yah are with the niggers? Let every ill thought fester inside 'em. Look at 'em. I am hungry. Give me food. I'm hungry. Solomon gives Celeste some of his food. Celeste, famished, devours it. My name is Celeste. I belong ta Massa Carey, and 'ave been two days among da palmettoes. Celeste is sick and cain't work, and would rather die in the swamp than be whipped to death by the overseer. So I took myself away. Massa's dogs won't follow me. The patrollers 'ave tried to set dem on me. But dey a secret between dem and Celeste, and dey won't mind the devilish orders of the overseer. Celeste lifts her head from the food on which she gnaws. Do you believe me? Why? Give me more food. I'm starvin'. Give it to me. Almost as if compelled, Solomon does as ordered. As she eats, Celeste aggrandizes herself: Most slaves escape at night. The overseers are alert for such chicanes. But Celeste tricked dem 'n alight in the middle of the day wit the sun up at its highest. The place of my concealment now deep in the swamp, not half a mile from Massa's plantation, and a world apart. A world a tall trees whose long arms make fo' a canopy so dense dey keep away even the beams of the sun. It twilight always in Celeste's world, even in the brightest day. I will live there, and I will live freely. The overseers are a cowardly lot. Dey will not go where their dogs show fear and where it always be night. Others will join me in the twilight, and we ain't gunna be slaves no 'mo forever. Celeste will come to you again in the night. You will have food for her. Celeste departs the way she came; as though she were a vision. I am hungry. Solomon gives Celeste the handkerchief he's filled. She opens it, and begins to devour the food. As she eats: I was rude, and didn't even ask yo name. Was you free? Free heart means nothin if'n yo body gunna die a slave. How? Celeste knows you ain't gunna run. Celeste knows it ain't your nature. A letter? How'll yah mail da letter? Who yah trust to post it? A nigger that can read and write is a nigger that'll hang. There is a pause. Solomon can't answer this question. It is the glaring hole in his plan. Having finished eating: Celeste will come again in de night. You will bring her 'mo food. You will bring Celeste 'mo food. And with that Celeste again moves back into the darkness. Yah has your freedom then? I have resolved to return to my Massa. Solomon gives an unnerved look. This is not good news. I live in fear. It ain't the patrollers I scared of... At all seasons the howling of wild animals can be heard at night along the border of the swamps. At first their calls were welcomin'. Dey too was free, 'n I thought dey greeted me like a sistah. Lately, dey cries have turned horrifyin'. They mean to kill Celeste. My freedom been nothin' but a daydream. So was Celeste's thoughts of slaves conjoinin' in the bayou. It is lonely dwellin' waiting for others who won't never come. It'll only be worse if'n Celeste don't go back of her own will. You got alternatives, Solomon. Celeste got no one to write a letter to. As if to punctuate her resolve, without a word more Celeste departs toward the swamp. Solomon starts on into the swamp after her. We know nothin' of her, Massa. Do it! Strike the life from her. Epps again hoists the whip. It trembles in his hand ahead of the act... But he does not have it in him to deliver such a beating. Turning to Solomon, thrusting the whip at him: He pantomimes. There ain't barely a welt on her. That's what your niggers make of yah; a fool fer the takin'. Epps's grief is replaced by fury. EPPS GRABS THE PISTOL FROM TREACH'S HOLSTER and draws down on the slaves. He is my husband. And this is your grandson. Solomon Northup Staunton. There is nothing to forgive. The pair, joined now by the whole family, hold on to each other for life...and one would think for all the rest of their lives. 