The cherry blossoms I was trying to think of what they-- I cancelled it. Mrs Travers. I shan't be going. I've changed my mind. With all due respect Mr Russell I am on very good terms with my own faculty and exceedingly confident in its decision making capabilities. Why in the world are you speaking to me as if I am a neonate? He'll what? Sue? He is most welcome to every penny I don't have. I know what he's going to do to her- - she'll be cavorting and twinkling! Careening towards a happy ending like a kamikaze-- Use her to pay my bills? If I believed in a hell I'd be sitting in its waiting room-- I fired her. It's just as well. It seems I can't afford her anymore anyway! You don't know how much she means to me. Of course not Polly! (it's a filthy word) Los Angeles. Yet! Oh I must, must I? Stop saying money! It's a filthy, disgusting word! I have final say? I have final say. And if I don't like what they are doing to her? I want to keep my house. I'm perfectly capable thank you. They've used all the space; so greedy. I don't want it up there. I want it here, in the corresponding holding area for my assigned seat! You can put my bag up front instead. Will the child be a nuisance? It's an eleven hour flight. Er-- no, I-- Jolly good. I hope we crash. The carriage? (to her staff) Thank you so much. For everything. Oh does he indeed? Mrs. I'm perfectly capable of-- Oh, nevermind. Don't be preposterous. It smells. Like-- --chlorine and sweat. It's dreadful. Absurd. It's not Mrs P.L. It's just Mrs-- Oh, it's so hot. Unpack? Young man, if it is your wish to handle ladies garments I suggest you take employment in a launderette. Yes? Odd. Oh my. Oh no, no, no. (muttering to the pears) This won't do. Yes. Good riddance. Well, first things first. Good Lord. And you can stay there until you learn the art of subtlety. There. Yes. (answering an imaginary Now, really! Flatterer! (then scolding herself) Silly girl. Oh! Soap for the brains. Well, well-- There you are. Off! That's how we deal with you. It's not Mrs, it's-- Oh, why do I bother? We're just not going to get it right are we? Will it be the same driver every day? You say it like you're surprised. Like the sun is particular about whom it appears for. It seems you think that I am responsible for it's miraculous dawning every day. For goodness sake, it's California! (as much to herself as Sad is entirely the wrong emotion. I shan't bother explaining why; The rain brings life! Be quiet! It is so discomfiting to hear a perfect stranger use my first name. Mrs Travers. Please. Co-script-writer. I shall certainly be having my say Mr. DiGraydi. If indeed we ever sign off on a script. Poppins. Mary Poppins. Never ever just Mary. (to Dick and Bob) A pleasure to meet you, though I fear we shan't be acquainted for too long. These books simply do not lend themselves to chirping and prancing. No. Certainly not a musical. Now, where is Mister Disney? I'd very much like to get this started and finished as briskly as is humanly possible. No thank you. No one likes a show off. I am perfectly capable of walking. Shoo! Go away! Ghastly. (over, to Dolly) Would you let Mister Disney know I have arrived please? (whispering into phone) She's here! You may. Whether I heed it or not will be another matter entirely. Oh! Hum-- ah. It's an honour, Mister Disney. That wouldn't be appropriate. A pot of tea would be most welc-- What a charming story. About your daughters. Children grow up. Gotcha indeed! Mister Disney, if you have dangled then it is at the end of a rope you have fashioned for yourself. I was quite clear when you approached me the first time that she wasn't for sale and clear again when you approached me a year later and clear again when you approached me every annum for the subsequent 18 years. Honestly, I feel corralled, ensnared-- My name, if you please, is MRS Travers. Well, that's very honourable of you Is it? Yes, this singing, I am glad you've come to that. (addressing his tea That's right. Now the tea-- And a spoonful of sugar. You don't mean for this film to be a musical? No. No. Not bad. No, Mister Disney, Mary Poppins does not sing. When? Those aren't songs! They're recitations. She is not a giddy woman, she does not jig! Singing is frivolous and wholly unnecessary for a governess, an educatress. No. It would just ruin it. I won't have her turned into one of your silly cartoons. If you're the King of England then you shan't exist and knowing the little of you I do; I shouldn't think you would like that very much. I do quite like Greensleeves. Come to think of it. That's a song I wouldn't object to. Yes. Quite right. Diarmuid. (waving the agreement) A live action film. No animation. I'd like that on tape. Your promise-- and all the discussions we have here-- on tape. Ah there you are. Mary Poppins and the Banks's, they're family to me. Well then! Shall we begin? Let's see if that's at all possible. It's rather late-- Biddy and Moya are already asleep. Good night dear. Look at the stars. (peering around a vase at We could save a starving country with benefaction from this room alone! Ugh, It's so vulgar. And these are beautiful blooms butchered for our visual and nasal enjoyment when we could have just as easily gone to the window, looked out and gazed upon them happily minding their own business and very much still alive. Let us begin. Hm. Ah, I see, an abbreviation. Scene One. Exterior-- Oh, I'm sorry Mr DaGradi, did you feel you should--? Yes, I do think it's best. I've the most practise. Readings of my books you know? Anyway-- Scene one. Exterior. 17 Cherry Tree Lane, London. Day. Yes. That's good, that can stay. --Though I do think we should say number 17, instead of just 17, yes? It's proper. I will see it. Write it down, write it down, chop chop. Is that on the tape? Good-- onwards. I'm sorry to interrupt. Is this a joke? Excuse me? Do you think you are a comedienne? I'm sorry I don't understand. Unbelievable. Scene One. Exterior. Number 17 Cherry Tree Lane. London. Day. Bert, a one-man band-- (she looks up) The rumour is that this is to be your Mister Van Dyke is it? Hmmm, we'll see about that. He's totally wrong, totally and utterly. Dick Van Dyke? Robert, my dear, Olivier is one of the greats, Burton, Guinness - greats without question. (speaking loudly into the No no no no no no no. Responstable is not a word. Well, un-make it up. I've a thought! I've always liked Ta Ra Ra Boom De Ay. Now, that would be a wonderful song for the film! Oh! And Admiral Boom could sing it! Do you see? Irresponstable. Of the matching of ribbons for bosom and head. Nobody walks. (refusing him the No, no, no. Goodness no. The Banks house doesn't look like that! My house is a terraced house with a pink door, white bricked with a crack in the gable. The window frames are lead-lined and the flower boxes grow pink nasturtiums to go with the pink It's too grand! The Banks family - they're normal, everyday sort of people. This isn't normal. It isn't everyday! They're not aristocrats! Okay. Do I even have to say it? Why in the world have you made Mrs Banks a silly suffragette? Quite possibly, looking back. Are you calling Mrs Banks neglectful? Being a mother is a job. A very difficult job and one that not everybody is up to, that not everybody should have taken on in the first place! I will NOT have her called Cynthia! Absolutely not. It feels unlucky. No it should be something warm, a bit sexy. How about Mavis? Prudence? Winifred! Yes, that's because it's very good. This isn't Mr Banks? This isn't him. He has a set of moustaches! I told the illustrator I didn't like the facial hair but she chose to ignore me. This is MY film and this time around I shall have MY way. (clearing her throat) Mrs Travers, it was a specific request, from Walt. (to the boys) Why? He didn't, he doesn't, Mr Banks is clean shaven! You can wait outside! I shan't say it again Robert. What is wrong with his leg? Hardly surprising. Can I expect anymore drama from anyone else? Swish. Swoosh. Well I always know what to say. She has a lot of-- ideas. About how she, uh, sees things. The name Cynthia has been changed to Winifred. She won't approve Dick Van Dyke. The sketches of the Banks house make it look too opulent, there must be no hint of romance between Mary Poppins and Bert, she wants to know why Mr Banks has been given a moustache, the-- Yes. They did tell her but she wants to know why. Right. Of course. Uh-- the tape measure Mary Poppins uses to record Jane and Micheal's height must be a roll tape, not a ruler, we must add gravi-- gravitas, she says. She only wants green vegetables and broth, I don't know what that is but she wants it in the room from now on and oh! She doesn't want the colour red in the film-- at all. I've simply gone off the colour. You did say I was to have final say did you not? And? I understand your predicament Mr Disney, I do. I just-- hm-- I don't know what it is, I'm just suddenly very anti-red. I shan't be wearing it ever again. I took you at your word Mr Disney and it seems my first stipulation has been denied. There will be many more, so-- perhaps we should just call it quits and I should hand you back these? Quite. Now, If you're insisting upon this musicality you feel is SO important for my film then I suggest I hear one of your ditties. I shall keep an open mind! Well I simply don't know what to say. That's the worst song I've ever heard. Ever. A pot of tea. Thank you. Tea is a balm for the soul don't you agree? I loathe this place, Mr Russell. How can a place so sunny be so cold? I meant heartless. I'm afraid a jumper wouldn't suffice. It's bringing up these-- it's so hot and stuffy I feel like I am being attacked. These odd dreams, like my subconscious is after me. Punishing me for entertaining the idea that I might hand her over. I am at war with myself Mr Russell. The script is ghastly, exactly as I Serves me right. Money, money, money. Bit me on the bot. I'm sure your country doesn't have any laws about sharing a pavement. Up. Is it? Bravo. It seems enormously patronising to me. The very sort of annoying tune you would have playing in your themed park I daresay. All giddy and carefree, encouraging children to face the world unarmed. All they need is a spoon and some sugar and a brain full of fluff and they're equipped with life's tools. Wonderful! MRS Travers! My point is that, unlike yourself, Mary Poppins is the very enemy of sentiment and whimsy. She is truthful, she doesn't sugar coat the darkness in the world that these children will eventually come to know. She prepares them for it, she deals in honesty. One must clean one's room; it won't magically do it itself! This whole script is flim flam! Where is its reality? Where is its heart, where is the gravitas? No weight Mister Disney! See? You think Mary Poppins is saving the children Mr Disney? Oh dear. It goes up. There there. Shush shush now-- (to the girls) If you could just-- What a lovely surprise! Did you finish early? Oh! --darling, it's just that um-- a --the bank is getting you down again? Perhaps my sister-- Oh my dear-- Helen Goff, would you lay the table for supper please? I need-- (help.) (her face contorts in Helen Goff? Wake up dear. You want your banner to be ready for the fair don't you? (a flutter of pride) He is indeed! On behalf of the bank. Travers, Biddy's stomach-- I'll take Biddy to get ready for her dance. Where's your father? Come on Biddy. He's using too many `verys'. He always says `very' too much when Why did you have to make him so cruel? He was not a monster! You all have children yes? And do those children write you letters, make drawings for you? (cutting him off) And would you tear up those gifts? In front of them?! It's a dreadful thing to do! I don't understand! Why must father tear up the advertisement his children have written and throw it in the fireplace!? Why won't he mend their kite? Why have you made him so unspeakably awful? For all the world to see, in glorious technicolor? You claim to make them live-- if that happens can't he? Can't they at least live well? I can't bear it. Please don't-- I'll feel like I let him down again-- It's blasphemy to drink tea from a paper cup. All the way to England? Yes, please. You're an impertinent man you know? You ask an awful lot of questions that have no relevance to you being able to carry out your duties. And you have no barometer. Let us say that I haven't family who'd notice whether I was halfway across the world or sitting in my living room. Make a little furrow, there. Well, most people do. Now look. It's a band stand. Lake. Wouldn't that be nice? I know you gave it to him. (squeezing Ginty's hand) All the hope is in the bottom of that bottle, Helen. I want you to take care of the children. Watch over them. I know you love your father more. But one day you'll understand. Sometimes a person we love, through no fault of his own, can't see past the end of his nose. Mrs Travers! Hello! Mr Disney. Are you a doctor? Check ups are for medical practitioners no? What can I do for you Mister Disney? Walt-- er. They went as well as they've gone every other day that I've been here. I don't recall `special' phone calls from you on any of those other evenings. Ha! I cannot tell you how uninterested, no, positively sickened I am at the thought of going to see your dollar printing machine Mr-- Walter. Disappointments are to the soul what the thunderstorm is to the air. Hello? Hello? He hung up! I'm! I! I can't believe he hung up! Now, I've brought every new fangled treatment available in Sydney. Close your mouth please Biddy, we are not a codfish. (to both girls) I spy a multitude of jobs to be done! They've been so worried-- I've-- Do stop babbling nonsense! I'm here now and I shall fix everything. Girls! Feverfew and camomile to lower his body temperature. Garlic, sorrel, sage. Deadly nightshade. And if those don't work-- well I shouldn't like to say. --tincture of horseradish-- I thought I had made it quite clear you were to begin helping. Spit spot! Where are we--? This isn't the way. (realizing where she's I'm sure I don't know what you're-- Little park? I haven't a clue what you're talking about. Concentrate on the road. Always chitter chattering! Is it all like this? Do you always get everything you want Walter? With the exception to the rights to my books of course! I love you so much! Can I--? Pre-signed? Tidbit. Gosh. Who? She flew in through the window one day. No thank you. I'm happy to watch. Maybe in you Mister Disney, but certainly not I. I said what? You brought me all the way out here to tell me that? Well begun, is half done! What horrors have you in store for my beautiful characters today, hm? However did you manage it? He mended it? (as Mrs Banks) "A proper kite needs a proper tail don't you think?!" Mr Disney! Walt! I'm sorry to interrupt. It's just she-- she's dancing! Mrs Travers. She's dancing with Don! Well. Yes! He fixes the kite! Oh, I love it! Though proper English would be `Let us go and fly a kite.' But I might be willing to overlook that. Father? Do you know you're quite right? It is beautiful. Exquisite. As you wish. Now, how in the world does Mister Disney propose to train penguins to dance?! I've heard about his implausibly leaved trees so I assume he does have some insane penguin wrangling scheme but it does seem rather far fetched. Can you train penguins? Sorry? Good afternoon Mrs Travers! Where is Mister Disney? If you'd like to take a seat-- I would not like to take a seat thank you. I would like to-- Mrs Travers, please! I shall not sit in the seat of a trickster! A fraudster! A sneak! Penguins! Penguins have very much upset me Mister Disney! Animated, dancing penguins! Now, you have seduced me with the music Mr Disney, yes you have. Those Sherman boys have quite turned my head but I shall not be moved on the matter of cartoons. Not one inch sir! You promised me. You promised me that this film would not be an animation! So they're real penguins? Oh. (to herself, smiling Good day Mister Disney. Please call my driver and have him pick me up. Yes ma'am, when? You shouldn't make promises you can't keep, especially to children, they hold on to them you see? And those promises they just sit there inside of them, like little doses of poison, all those broken promises, eating away forever. The books weren't written for the children. They were written for the promise breakers. Yes. Thank you. I'm so sorry Mister Disney. To have put everyone to so much trouble. I simply can't give her up. Not yet. Perhaps not ever. I don't know I can't, he's-- I just-- Goodbye Mr Disney. No one likes a fibber. You found out? Can't stop reading it. I'm very slow mind you. Would you like me to sign it? I'd be honoured. Your daughters name? Really? (reading as she writes) To Jane and her dearest father-- (she looks at him) I've just this instant realized I don't know your name. Pamela. You're the only American I have ever liked, Ralph. No. Now take this-- They all had difficulties. Jane can do anything that anyone else can do, do you understand? Look at the bottom. Deficiencies in concentration and hyperactive behavior. Explains everything! Goff? Who's Helen Goff? Yuh, didn't you know? She's all hoity toity. British this and British that and she's really an Aussie called Helen Goff. Stuck up-- No, you mustn't. Let her go Margaret. Hello house. Oh dear god! But, you always get what you want eventually. Isn't that right Walter? Milk. The milk goes in first. And whiskey. I'll have whiskey in mine. You've come to change my mind. To beat me into submission. How do I misjudge you? And don't you? Mary Poppins isn't real. Well, Where is she when I need her? Hm? I open the door to Mary Poppins and who should be standing there but Walt Disney! Ah! Not true then that Disney created man in his own image? Can't say I do and as I have no plans to ever set foot on American soil again I'm afraid I never will. I don't know what you think you know about me Walter-- I don't need to forgive my father. He was a wonderful man. Enough. I should say so too. For goodness sake! Please don't screech like an alleycat! I should think you'll have a draft very soon. Polly! Where's that tea? It's coming along marvelously! Would you pour please? You're perfectly capable of doing it yourself. She's quite the worst maid I've ever had! I don't know-- she reminds me of me. Mary Poppins in the Kitchen. NEVER again. Oh, I'm not going. Hollywood premieres are not for old trout like me. Anyway, it's not I'm perfectly capable thank you. I shall! Me again! I'm here for my premiere. I didn't receive my invitation, but I just assumed the American postal service had fallen down on the job as per usual. That's very kind, Mr Disney. I knew you wouldn't have forgotten me. How indeed? You did, after all, assure me that I wouldn't be disappointed. I thought I left you in London. Would you call me a taxi please? Ralph! Father in a cage? Whatever would we do without you? I shall stay until the wind changes. No, no. It's just that-- I can't, I can't abide cartoons! Winds in the East Mist coming in-- 