I'm fine. She's not. No, we should go back in. Something about the strange intensity of her expression makes Daniel reconsider and he turns back to the interrogation room. You're not wearing one. Is he ever getting out? That's not credible. You too, Sir. Fine. It's kinda fucked up. No. Bradley smiles. He knew she didn't volunteer. They reach a secure area and Bradley checks Maya through an electronic door. Here we go. Right, but you forgot - you forgot Mullah Omar. J.J. and JEREMY, two case officers, continue the banter: Ammar is withholding? Daniel nods. Washington assesses that Abu Faraj is officially our new number three - JESSICA moves to a wall chart of AQ leadership and repositions Abu Faraj's mugshot to number three in the line, two down from Usama bin Laden. Meanwhile, in the background, the riffs continue - The Jordanians are being really helpful with Ammar's transit papers. Jessica passes Daniel a file. They want the Consulate, the Marriott, it's low security. And they've got Majid Kahn talking about gas stations in the US. Honestly? There are six hundred questions in there. I'd concentrate on Heathrow. The Saudis. Does it matter what Faraj thinks about Heathrow? How much latitude does he get to pick targets? (reading from a cable) A farmer on the Afghan border near Tora Bora reports: a diamond shaped pattern in the hills, tall male in the center of the diamond, flanked by four guards. It's consistent with UBL's movements. That's pre-9/11 behavior. Jessica doesn't appreciate the challenge. We don't have reason to believe he's changed security tactics. We invaded Afghanistan. That's a reason. And so the rivalry begins. You can help yourself by being truthful. The door handle turns. It occurs to Maya that perhaps Daniel was testing her resilience, too, as Daniel re-enters with a DOG COLLAR in his hand. Don't worry about the Saudis, they'll take care of business. You warned them - they didn't take you seriously - this is what happens. It's not on you. No, no, no. You had - what - days - brief custody - and an unresponsive ally. The way you do this is you look ahead. London. Heathrow. Mass casualties. That plan is still active. Ammar doesn't have a clue about what happened. He knows. How? You have to be really careful with people in KSM's circle - they're devious. He's not going to talk about attacks on the homeland. He's going to withhold operational details on the KSM network and probably on bin Laden. (flipping her argument) But he's been in complete isolation, he doesn't know we failed. We can tell him anything. He hasn't slept, Dan. He's clueless. After we kept you awake for 96 hours, you gave us names of some of your brothers and saved the lives of a lot of innocent people. Sorry, who is the "we" in that sentence? Who's Abu Ahmed? I've heard of the other guys. What's his family name? Abu Ahmed means "father of Ahmed", it's a kunya. Ammar, I know the difference between a war name and an Arabic name. A letter? How's the needle in the haystack? Fine. Facilitators come and go, but one thing you can count on in life is that everyone wants money. The rivalry is in full bloom. Sometimes it's friendly. Sometimes it's not so friendly. You're assuming that Al Qaeda members are motivated by financial rewards. They're radicals. Correct. You're assuming that greed won't override ideology in some of the weaker members. Money for walk-ins worked great in the cold war, I'll give you that. Thank you. Just not sure those tactics are applicable to the Middle East. Who did he work for? Hakim translates. Then the prisoner speaks. What did he do for Faraj? We need to ask him something to see if he's telling the truth. We don't know if he really knew Faraj. Hakim speaks to the prisoner. Twenty detainees recognize that photo of Abu Ahmed. They say he's part of the inner circle of guys who were hanging out in Afghanistan pre-9/11. A lot of them say that after 9/11, he went to work for KSM. When KSM got captured, he went to work for Abu Faraj, primarily as a courier from Faraj to bin Laden. Yeah, we don't know if Abu is on the outside of the network - part of a series of cutouts and dead drops - or if he has a direct connection to bin Laden. Does bin Laden invite him into the living room and hand him a letter directly? Or is Abu just the last guy in a long line of couriers, so that's why everybody knows him? We know that he's important. The fact that everybody's heard of Abu Ahmed but nobody will tell me where he is suggests that. No. No. (re: the monkeys) You Agency guys are twisted. The detainee is ready. Daniel nods, weary. Then a monkey reaches through the bars and steals the remainder of Daniel's ice cream cone. He looks at the monkey and laughs. I want you to understand that I know you. I have been following you and studying you for a long time. I chased you in Lahore. We find Maya entering the gates of a Pakistani prison. The weather makes the place seem especially bleak. I had you picked up instead of killing you because you're not a violent man and you don't deserve to die. But you do have deep ties to Al Qaeda that I want to ask you about before you get sent to your next location, which might be Israel. Ghul looks ashen. However, depending on how candid you are today, I may be able to keep you in Pakistan. I'm going to ask you a series of questions based on your knowledge of Al Qaeda and your position as key financier for the organization. What can you tell me about Atiyah Abd al-Rahman. In what context have you ever heard the name Abu Ahmed? What makes you say that? Where did you last see him, and where is he now? Why is that? Seriously? Thank you. Deal. You want family ties, financial networks, media sources, disgruntled employees, imminent threats, homeland plots, Foreign cells, health status, trade craft, recruiting tactics -- anything else? A lot of brothers told us Abu Ahmed was bin Laden's courier and that he worked very closely with you. Who? Okay, so you're telling me that all the other brothers are wrong, and there's some famous Buluchi guy that is working for you and bin Laden that I've never even heard of? What does this Buluchi guy look like? Kind of like Gandolf? When was the last time you saw him? I don't believe you. The GUARD in the room with them leans forward and SLAPS Faraj across the face. Faraj's expression doesn't change and Maya herself remains flat and steady, unmoved by the violence. She's not quite the same young lady she was a few years ago. You're not being fulsome in your replies. You do realize this is not a normal prison. You determine how you are treated, and your life will be very uncomfortable until you give me information I need. The guard slaps Faraj again. Faraj is impassive. Faraj is completely denying knowing Abu Ahmed, and that's using every measure we have. Do you want to take a run at him? No? Since when? What? You okay? Like what? I'm not going to find Abu Ahmed from Sorry, Dan. I know. To the Marriott. I assume you noticed the dip plates. It's a gym bag. Maya does not get out of the car. She stares at him defiantly. He advances forward a bit. She rolls up her window, flicks the door lock, and starts dialing her cell phone. The policeman walks away to rejoin his group. The police confer. The original policeman returns, this time with several other cops. They knock on the glass. Hard. Maya stares straight ahead. Fucking checkpoints. Maya sits down, absorbed in her Blackberry. Maya? Yeah. We're socializing. Be social. Maya puts away her blackberry. Okay. Look, I know Abu Ahmed is your baby, but it's time to cut the umbilical cord. No, it's not. So Faraj went south on you - it happens. There are still cells in London and Spain planning the next round of attacks. I can work on it at the same time - plus I think it's a good thing that he lied. No, not at the expense of protecting the homeland, you can't. Wait a minute, why is it a good thing? You sound just like Bradley. He doesn't believe in my lead either. It's a good thing because the fact that Faraj withheld on Abu Ahmed is revealing. The only other thing he lied about was the location of bin Laden himself. That means Faraj thinks Abu Ahmed in as important to protect as bin Laden. That confirms my lead. Or it's confirmation bias. We're all just worried about you, okay? Is that okay to say? Maya rubs her eyes, not liking where the conversation is going. She forces a smile. Where's Jack? He's probably stuck in some check- point somewhere. You two hooked up yet? Hello, I work with him. I'm not that girl, that fucks. It's unbecoming. So? A little foolin' around wouldn't hurt you. So no boyfriend. Do you have any friends at all? She doesn't. Jessica's phone rings - It's Jack. Hey - that's okay - The Jords have a mole! What? Jessica pops a CD into Maya's computer, loads a file that plays the same video clip we have just seen. He made this video to prove his bona fides. Shut the fuck up! The camera stops on one man, BALAWI. Humam Khalil al-Balawi, he's a Jordanian doctor. He's really motivated. Maya practically bolts out of her chair. Together, they start walking towards Bradley's office - This could be it! This is it. He's right there in the inner circle. The Jords worked him for a year. Dinners, money. They've convinced him that it's his patriotic duty to turn on Al Qaeda and get rich doing it. You're right. We can't rely on the Jords. We have to evaluate him face to face. He may not be that smart. He may be full of shit - but we have to talk to him to find out. The key is to meet him so we can figure out for ourselves what he can actually do. The meeting with Balawi is off. He can't come here to Islamabad. Can't or won't? He's not going to travel - security He wants us to go to him. He'll meet in Miram Sha or the tribals. He knows we're white. You'll get kidnapped up there. DAVID, an analyst, adds his two cents to the conversation - He's not going to travel out of Al Qaeda territory. I'm not. Believe me. We're stuck. This may be going overboard, but I baked him a cake! Don't be so literal. Everyone likes cake. It's not too late for you to come, you know. It will be fun. I don't want to be a straphangar. It's your show. You were the first to see the potential in this. Cool. Bring me back a bottle. Not to get technical, but this guy is actually the first big break we've had since 9/11. To big breaks and the little people that make them happen. Clink. So far, everything he's said we've cross checked and it's proved legit... and I think the money is persuasive. 25 million dollars?! That buys a new life. Possibly. But Al Qaeda needs doctors and they are short staffed and that could explain his rise. In six months to a year, if he doesn't fuck up, he could be called in to treat bin Laden. And at that moment, with 25 mil on the table, I think he gives up the Big Man. And if he doesn't, we kill him. So John? (John turns to her) When he arrives, I'll set the tone, and then I'll flip it to you - and you'll talk about asset protection. Then Lauren, I know you want to get some questions in there - but give Balawi time after John speaks. We'll cover the basics and have his birthday cake, then we'll get to the nitty gritty. Is that order okay, or do you want to introduce everyone? Right. And Lauren? Washington will want real time updates so please stay on top of that. Be concise. The Director is in the loop. And I wouldn't be surprised if he doesn't update the President. Yeah, I'm on it. They take in the possibilities. Now, I just need to get Balawi's ass down here. (to the Security Gyard) Why are there gate guards there? We talked about this, no one is supposed to be there when my source arrives. You might have spooked him already! This time is different - I'm sorry I can't explain, but it's for a good cause. I just need them to go away for a minute. You can search him as soon as he gets here. The Security Guard pauses, then into his radio: I don't believe this. I'm going to smoke everybody involved in this op, and then I'm going to kill bin Laden. Off the darkness in her eyes we - Hi. I painstakingly combed through everything in the system and found this. It's him. He was one of ten names on a watch list sent to us by the Moroccans after 9/11: Ibrahim Sayeed. They told us to watch out for him, apparently they think his whole family and extended family is bad and has ties to KSM. He was picked up for fake papers and a doctored exit visa leaving Afghanistan, traveling through Morocco en route to Kuwait. Abu Ahmed al- Kuwaiti. This must be Abu Ahmed. Doesn't matter, but I wish I had that five years ago. How come I never saw it before? Nobody saw it, most likely. There was a lot of white noise after 9/11, countries wanting to help out, we got millions of tips and... Things got lost in the shuffle. Human error. Maya turns her attention back to the WHITE BOARD and as Debbie keeps talking we follow Maya's gaze across the row of MUG SHOTS of Al Qaeda personnel. While a few of the men are African or are distinctive looking for other reasons, most of them look fairly similar in that they're all wearing the same type of clothes and have the same trademark long gnarly beards. Anyway I thought you should know about it. I just want to say I've heard a lot about you. You inspired me to come to Pakistan. Maya's eyes narrow. She keeps looking at the WHITE BOARD Maybe you'll let me buy you a kabob sometime? Don't eat out. It's too dangerous. Maya stares at the Al Quaeda mugshots - a thought crosses her mind. Dan, Debbie found Abu Ahmed! He was in the files this whole time. The family name is Sayeed. We have no intercepts about Abu Ahmed dying. We just have a detainee who buried somebody who looked like Abu Ahmed. But if somebody as important as Abu Ahmed had died, they'd be talking about it online in chat rooms all over the place. Plus, the detainee said that Habeeb died in 2001. We know that Abu Ahmed was alive then, trying to get into Tora Bora with Ammar. That means it's probably one of the other brothers that's dead. Yes, I fucking want it to be true. Maya slams the desk. I am calm. Move heaven and earth and bring me this fucking Sayeed family's phone number. Hey, Jack. Fuck. She dashes out runs down the hall to an Exit sign - bursts through the door to a staircase - How come you haven't deployed a team to stay in Rawalpindi? That's why you should forward deploy - so you can shorten your response time. Why? You haven't tried. That's bullshit. Right, I understand. But I don't really care if your guys get sleep or not. Maya looks at Larry's team sleeping on the couch. Abu Ahmed al Kuwaiti is the nom de guerre. His true name, we think, is Ibraheem Sayeed. His family lives in Kuwait. I know - Over the course of two months, he's called home from six different pay phones, from two different cities, never using the same phone twice. And when his mother asked him where he was, he lied. He said that he was in a place in the country with bad cell reception -- implying he was in the Tribals -- but he was in a market in Peshawar. I'm sorry, but that's not normal guy behavior. That's tradecraft. No. Not okay. Look, Abu Ahmed is too smart to tip his hand by talking about ops on the phone: he works for bin Laden. The guys that talk about ops on the phone don't get that job. Larry looks away. A lot of my friends have died trying to do this. I believe I was spared so I could finish the job. The girl is a true believer - as pure as they come. Larry looks at her. Her sincerity is persuasive. And just like that, he decides to help her. I really need to talk to you about beefing up our surveillance operation on the caller. He's the key to bin Laden. bin Laden is the one who keeps telling them to attack the homeland. If it wasn't for him, Al Qaeda would still be focused on overseas targets. If you really want to protect the homeland, you need to get bin Laden. You just want me to nail some low level Mullah-crack-a-dulla so that you can check that box on your resume that says while you were in Pakistan you got a real terrorist. But the truth is you don't understand Pakistan, and you don't know Al Qaeda. Either give me the team I need to follow this lead, or the other thing you're gonna have on your resume is being the first Station Chief to be called before a congressional committee for subverting the efforts to capture or kill bin Laden. I need four techs in a safe house in Rawalpindi and four techs in a safe house in Peshawar. Either send them out or send me back to DC and explain to the Director why you did it. I love you! It would be convenient for him to drop tapes off if he's sending either from bin Laden or from an intermediary. When he wants to make a call, he leaves the house, walks a few blocks, then switches on the phone. We need to keep canvassing the neighborhood until we find him. Do you think its intentional? ISI fucked you. I'm so sorry Joseph. It's the first time she's addressed him by his first name. Startling, to hear kindness in her voice. Joseph turns to reply then thinks better of it and walks away. Is this what I think it is? Thank you! I need a picket line along the GT highway and men spaced at intervals along the road and at every exit. So you agree with me now. This is important? Good morning, Amad. Maya gets in her car. The gate opens. As she starts pulling out onto the street, suddenly a car drives up in front of her and THREE SHOOTERS come out and hammer Maya's Toyota. Any American in Pakistan is a target, they don't necessarily know I'm CIA. Yeah. Pretty much. The question isn't are the Paks protecting bin Laden?' The question is, 'would he allow himself to be protected by the Paks?' I mean, why would he trust them? He tried to kill Musharaf. Steve considers a reply, but the meeting principals are filing in, including Daniel, and when Steve sees the CIA DIRECTOR enter the room, he clears the head of the table. Go ahead. Can't you put a camera somewhere - in the trees - to get a look into the main house? We have to get a look into the house. The Director moves to the satellite image. And how close is that to the house? Who are you? I'm the motherfucker that found this place, Sir. The boss studies her for a moment then turns back to the model. I want to know more about who's inside this house by the end of the week. The brass files out, leaving Steve and Maya. (through the glass) Morning, George. In red magic marker, Maya writes the number 21 on the glass. Then circles it. George looks up. Twenty-one days. It's been twenty- one days since we found the house and nothing's happened! Yeah? Who's that? How do you know the gender? What's that up there? Your female is moving fast. So you found two males, three females? You're missing a male. Wow. There are two narratives about the location of Osama bin Laden. This registers on the SEALs. The one that you're most familiar with is that UBL is hiding in a cave in the Tribal Areas, that he's surrounded by a large contingent of loyal fighters. Beat. But that narrative is pre- 9/11 understanding of UBL. The second narrative is that he's living in a city - living in a city with multiple points of egress and entries and with access to communications so that he can keep in touch with the organization. You can't run a global network of inter- connected cells from a cave. Beat. We've located an individual we believe based on detainee reporting is bin Laden's courier. He's living in a house in Abbottabod, Pakistan. And we assess that one of the other occupants of the house is UBL. No. Bin Laden uses a courier to interact with the outside world. By locating the courier, we've located bin Laden. Quite frankly, I didn't even want to use you guys, with your dip and your velcro and all your gear bullshit. I wanted to drop a bomb but people didn't believe in this lead enough to drop a bomb, so they're using you guys as canaries on the theory that if bin Laden isn't there, you can sneak away and no one will be the wiser. But bin Laden is there - and you're going to kill him for me. We've spun up the SEALs - we've done everything humanly possible to collect on the compound, and the collection is not going to get any better. You're going to come into work one day, and there's going to be a black moving van and a 'for sale' sign in front of that compound. George drops his tray down. I'm about to go look the President in the eye and what I'd like to know, no fucking bullshit, is where everyone stands on this thing. Now, very simply. Is he there or is he not fucking there? He looks to the Deputy Director. Yes or no. You guys ever agree on anything? This is a cluster-fuck, isn't it? One hundred percent, he's there - okay, fine, ninety-five percent because I know certainty freaks you guys out - but it's a hundred! They're all cowed. What do you think of the girl? We're all smart, Jeremy. May I join you? She nods, gulps. How long have you worked for the Twelve years. I was recruited out of high school. Do you know why we did that? I don't think I can answer that question, sir. I don't think I'm allowed to answer. What else have you done for us besides bin Laden? Nothing. I've done nothing else. He evaluates her... weighing her certainty against his decades of Washington experience. Well, you certainly have a flare for it. When? Testing - testing 1 - 2 - 3 - A SEAL with his com set on gives her the thumbs up. She looks around at all the impressive technology in the makeshift Command Center. She walks over to Hakim and they leave together. Thank you for coming with me. Fuck Hakim, what if I'm wrong? I wish we could have just dropped a bomb. I'm serious. Pakistani coms, no chatter. He is al Noori Hasan. Yeah. 