Me! Sorry- Shit! Oh God, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to say that! I've uh... brought my resume and some references. I know I already sent a copy with my application but just in case. Yes, I uh... I've done a lot of them. Oh yes. Yes I know. You'll see I've also worked cleaning a school, so I am used to big areas. Oh yes, yes of course. I know what you mean, yes. It may be strange at first but I actually have some experience in I really admire that and I promise I would not let you down if I was given this job. Oh my God, I'm so sorry!! Look I'm so sorry, I really am! Hello? It was a total fucking disaster! I sneezed on the head of the institution. I sneezed on him! It was one of those sneezes that just sneaks up on you, I didn't have time to cover my face. Before you know it he's covered in my snot! Go on, go ahead. You know you want to! Laugh it up, it's gonna be your last chance because I'm not going for any more job interviews! I'm done, I'm always so damn nervous and I just don't make a good first impression. [Smiles] I know but if there's ever a good time for ice cream it's today! Sure. Night. Hello? Really? Oh, I uh... Hi! Um... is this a joke or something? Seriously? Oh my God I... I can't believe it. Oh God, thank you so much! I really appreciate this, I won't let you down! Okay, see you tomorrow! Yeah, I'm here for an induction into the cleaning job. Yes, that's right. Oh great. We work nights so today we'll just show you around, okay? Okay, thank you. I'll clean this up and we'll get to it. This is the storage cupboard. Everything you will need for each Is it okay if I watch you use it a few times first so I know exactly what I'm doing? I don't want to end up burning myself or any furniture! No problem. Now here we come to the most dangerous chemical we have. This is a concrete cleaner, very toxic stuff, so you have to wear the face mask and gloves we have here, okay? Okay. This is for cleaning and descaling brick, stone and concrete and for metal de-rusting. For concrete you must mix it one part to four parts water. Brush or spray it on with the equipment here then leave it five to ten minutes to set, then rinse it off. But for those stubborn son-of-a-bitch marks use it neat! Okay. Don't worry if anything seems complicated, you'll get used to it. But you'll mostly be mopping and hoovering in your first few weeks. Yeah that's fine. This is Ward B, one of two wards you'll be responsible for cleaning each evening. Essentially the main duties will be emptying the bins, hoovering the carpeted areas and mopping the hallways. The patients in here are Category B. They're mainly people who have had nervous breakdowns and those who are catatonic. They're harmless. Like Missus Hardesty here. Hello Missus Hardesty. She hasn't spoken a word in all her time here. The orderlies just lift her from the bedroom to the day room and back again every day. Why did you just talk to her? We've still got to treat them like human beings. Otherwise they just become like furniture and we all lose our humanity. I like to think she can hear me, even if she won't talk to me. See you later Missus Hardesty. Okay. In the day time there are nurses who often clean up but in the night we may be called to provide fresh linen or mop up. Not the most pleasant of jobs but it happens from time to time. Yeah I understand. Now here we come to the most difficult part of the job. Cleaning crap up isn't the most difficult part?! Oh no, that's very easy compared to what's behind this door. What's behind it? This leads down to Ward X. Sounds ominous. You could say that. It's where Category A patients are held. The criminally insane. Really? Doctor Mixter didn't mention that. Yes, well, these patients are beyond help so they've become athe hospital's secret. Many of them were transferred from prisons and other institutions. Doctor Mixter probably thought he could help them. He can't. The staff call this place Blood Row. What's that smell? It always hangs in the air. No matter how much we bleach the floor there is always that smell of death. Yes. But don't worry, we never have to interact directly or anything like that. You will just be mopping the corridor and dusting. That's Jerry Kimble. He was convicted of stabbing a young mother forty-nine times in front of her two year-old son, then killing and sexually assaulting a woman before smothering her four-year-old daughter. They call him the Green Chain Rapist. He was in Sing Sing but was certified insane and his lawyer got him transferred here. He doesn't make any noise or fuss, but he is a dangerous man. Especially towards women. This next inmate is even worse. That's Dennis Palmer. Also known as The Long Island Cannibal. He was abused as a child so his targets were always paedophiles and rapists. He'd track them down and torture them. He would eat parts of their body while they were still alive. That's horrible. The most horrible thing is that a lot of the public thought he was a hero. Sadie Krenwinkel. What's her deal? She was a member of a Witchcraft cult. They kidnapped six people for a demonic ritual. Five were killed but one got away and led police to the cult. She turned her trial into a circus, talking about lots of crazy stuff. The media enjoyed it but she got certified insane by the court. She's been around a few institutions since. Now she's here. Some strange stories here. Well those aren't the strangest. Really? This last patient is the strangest case. This is our resident John Doe. Sometimes we have people with Why is he down here? They first brought him in about six months ago. No one knows where he came from, he literally just turned up late one night. An orderly found him wandering the grounds. First of all he was like Missus Hardesty upstairs-catatonic. Then a few weeks later he started to respond to Doctor Mixter and the nurses through facial expressions and gestures. But soon, he got violent. Very violent. He'd have bursts of rage and beat other patients. One day he appeared to have a seizure and collapsed. A young doctor tried to take his vital signs. Patient X here throttled him so hard he crushed his larynx. It took six orderlies to restrain him. Now they won't even let him out for the obligatory hour a day exercise. We still don't know who he is. Oh God. God has nothing to do with this man. I haven't put you off have I? I guess not... it's just a lot to take in. I've obviously never been around stuff like this before. This is the reality of this place. We don't deal with these people directly but we may have to clean up their mess. If you can't handle I'm not a quitter. Ooh, you made me jump! Should you be out of bed this late? I don't know. I don't think you should be. Do you want to play with me? I'd love to sweetheart, but it's very late now. I think you better go back to bed. Okay. Fuck!! Sorry, I didn't mean to startle you. It's okay. Are you okay? Yeah, just hurt that's all! Sorry. I'll live. Do you want to grab a coffee? Sure. Did you change the bins in the Day Room? Yeah. Good. I've got a light bulb to change in Room Twelve upstairs soon. We're making good time. Cool. It's funny, I never thought I'd get this job. The interview didn't go well! Doctor Mixter told me you were the only person he interviewed for the job. Really? Yeah. I'm sure he felt you were right for the job and didn't need to interview anyone else. Cool. Nice tattoo. Oh yeah. I forget I have it sometimes. Well... it represents a lot of wrong turns in my younger years. Like what? Sorry, I didn't mean to pry. It's okay. Let's just say the past is better left there. Fair enough. So how is the first night going for you? Not bad. I ran into a young girl in the hallway earlier. Sweet little girl, she was only about twelve or thirteen. I told her to go back to bed. I guess they don't lock the kids in at night huh? You sure it was a young girl of that age? Yeah definitely. She was carrying a teddy bear. She was about thirteen at the most. Umm... okay. What? Well... there are no children of that age here. What? In fact, there are no children of any age in this place. I think our youngest patient is about twenty. You're kidding right? No, I'm serious. Then who was that girl in the hallway? You sure you saw a girl that young? I'm positive. I better tell the orderlies. This is no place for a little girl to be. Did you find her? No. Of course. That's strange. Yes. Sorry. Don't worry about it. Better safe than sorry. Hey, can you do me a favour? What? Can you empty the rubbish in Doctor Mixter's office? I've got to check the boiler, there's been complaints about the heating not working. No problem. Uh... I was just emptying the garbage. Look I... it was just open and I ... I dunno. Oh please don't, I didn't see anything I just opened it. But I've only just got this job and I really need it. What do you mean? What kind of favour? You're disgusting! Look, you better get out of my way or I'm going to report you for sexual harassment. Pemberton! No problem. Lisa, come with me, we've got a job up on Ward B. You okay? I'm fine. It was just a little bit intimidating, y'know? Pemberton can be like that. He works nights with that other son- of-a-bitch Hardcastle. They like to throw their weight around. You'll get used to it. People like that shouldn't be in charge of patients. Let's get a coffee. You sure love your break times! I like to pace myself! Missus Hardesty, you scared me! What are you doing up at this time? Sorry, I forgot you don't talk. I'll just go and get an orderly. You're going to die in here. What did you say? I'll... I'll go get an orderly. Bite me. Look, I don't want any trouble. I just came to tell you there's a patient whose out of their room in Ward B. She was right there, in that chair. Missus Hardesty. Yeah. She even spoke to me! Yes! Look I know she's supposed to be catatonic but I swear she said something to me! What do you mean? But I could have sworn... Hello? Little girl, wait! Don't go in there! Little girl? Don't you grieve for me? Of course I do. Okay, next thing is mopping the floor in Ward X. Why? I dunno... I just need a break. Does Ward X frighten you? A little. That's normal, it frightens me sometimes. But I've got to go up to a patient's room in Ward A. Apparently they've had a little accident. Surely you wouldn't prefer to clean that up? Well... maybe not. I know Ward X is a scary place. But you'll get used to it. I can hear them talking. It's kinda unnerving. I know, I hear that too when I'm down there. But trust me, once you get used to it things will get easier. I can hear you out there. I've been talking to your mother Lisa. She's here with me Lisa. She's told me all about you. I know you're out there Lisa. Talk to me. What... what do you expect me to say? Perhaps you can tell me all about the summer trips to Key West with your mother? Those were your favourite memories of your mother weren't they? Or perhaps you'd prefer to tell me about when you sat at your mother's bed side for six months, watching on helplessly as the cancer ravaged her body and sucked the life out of her? How... how do you know all this? Because your mother is speaking to me from the flames of hell! You sick fuck! She has a message for you Lisa. Want to hear it? What is it? GET OUT!! What's wrong Lisa? I'm not going down to Ward X again, I'm really sorry I just can't handle it down there! Okay, just calm down okay. Tell me what happened. They say things to me through the doors. Horrible things! I know, they've done it to me too. But that woman Sadie, she says things she couldn't possibly know about me. Like what? I sound crazy don't I? No. This place just gets under your skin sometimes. I'm starting to wonder if I'm losing my mind. Well it's not healthy to think too much about what those crazy son-of- a-bitches say. Believe me you don't want them inside your head. It's hard to keep them out sometimes. Listen, take a break from Ward X for a while. I'll go down there for the next week or so. I'm really sorry about this, I didn't think it would effect me so much. Thank you. I really appreciate that. No problem. Oh nothing, I didn't see anything. I won't say anything. Of course. I'm so sorry I'm running late Nanc! Don't worry about it, have a seat. A latte yeah? Good, I've ordered it. They'll bring it over soon. Thanks. God hun, you look like shit! Oh thanks! Sorry, I didn't mean to be blunt but you do. The night shifts getting to ya? The whole job's getting to me. My body clock's all out of whack but it's not just that. There's something seriously wrong with that place. What do you mean? Thanks. Wow, you like a little coffee with your sugar? I figure it'll wake me up a little. So what's wrong with the place? I dunno, never seen one. But I like to think I'm open minded. Plus you're the most intelligent girl I know. If you say you've seen something, I believe you. Thanks Nanc. So what are you gonna do? Are you gonna quit? Part of me says I should. There's a lot about the place that frightens me. But I dunno... I think I've seen too much to be able to just walk away and forget the place. If I was you I'd just walk away. Who wants to work at a place that frightens them? Well I need the money for starters. But now it feels like I need to find out more. Maybe you are crazy after all! What the hell's going on?? Stop it!! Stop it now!! Don't you touch him!! Stay away from him!! Ronnie, don't!! Please!! No!! Do you know the history of this place? I don't believe that God is a bearded man who lives in the sky. Or that the Devil is a red demon with horns. I believe God and Satan are within all of us. God is our human side. Satan is our animal side. Whether we become good or evil depends which side of us we feed. It's a frightening thing to believe that if God exists he is not powerful enough to stop evil. Free will in the hands of a person who feeds the Evil inside them. That's what frightens me. Doctor Mixter must have known what stood on this land before the hospital. Of course he did. He bought the land and organised the demolition of the house himself. Why would he build on this land knowing the history of the place? He's not superstitious. He's a doctor, they don't usually believe in those things. Amityville is full of local legends, going back even before the DeFeos. Like what? There's stories about the Native Americans being slaughtered on this land many years ago. Some people Really? I don't think that's true. If I've learnt anything from the patients on Ward X, it's that some people have a mind that works in a different way to other people. Those people who do bad things have fed the evil within them more than the good. It's not possession, it's sickness. Sickness of the soul. I don't know what to think. Just don't let your imagination run away with you Lisa. You're a person who feeds that good within you. Don't let this place feed the evil. Hi, sorry to bother you but my name's Lisa Templeton. I rang yesterday to set up a meeting with Gloria Branco. Yes, that's me. Oh great! Thank you for agreeing to meet with me. No problem, nice to meet you! I've set up a table in the back. I've Thank you, that's great. So you wanted to know about the history of Amityville dating back to the Native Americans? Yes that's right. I'm writing a college paper and I had heard some rumours in the neighbourhood about Native Americans being killed on the land down on Oceans Avenue. Well that area has quite a dark history. You mean the DeFeo murders at One Twelve? Yes. Terrible business that. Those young children. Breaks my heart to think about such a tragedy. Yeah it's awful. You know most of the town was very upset when they decided to build that mental institution on the land. That used to be a nice suburban neighbourhood, now there's this big eye sore there. We had a So what about the native Americans? Is that story about them being killed on that land true? There's something on that here. Ah yes, here it is. (Reading) In the 18th Century there existed a group of Native Americans in Amityville known as "The Satchem Tribe" led by Satchem Takapausha, the Chief. The tribe had fled Salem in Massachusetts to escape persecution by the Christians who were persecuting members of the tribe because of their Witchcraft practices. These practices included a ritualistic human sacrifice of six people (The significance of Six being related to the biblical number of man and creation) in order to induce the spirit of their God, The Dark Master, who they believed manifested his powers through his devoted followers, giving them immortality. The hundred strong tribe settled in Amityville but were later chased off the land by local Christians. Satchem accused the Christians of not properly compensating his tribe for the land. A war started and the Christians hired a hunter called John Underhill from Salem. At the site where One Twelve Oceans Avenue was later built in Amityville, Underhill killed all of the tribe. The Indians were buried in a mass grave on the site. Before he died Satchem vowed revenge. According to local legend, Chief Satchem is believed to have subsequently haunted the land. Various parapsychologists and mediums have So the legend has basis in historical fact? Absolutely. You told me the other night that you think evil is within us all. But do you think that people can be influenced by an evil that comes from outside of themselves? Are you still thinking about this? I guess I am yeah. I worry that you're thinking too much. This place is getting to you. There's something going on in this place. Something sinister. And I don't just mean the patients on Ward X. Have you not noticed that? I've noticed some things. Why haven't you said anything? Or done anything? What do you mean? The honey bee is fine when it's just flying from flower to flower. Then they think that a person is a threat and they sting them. They might leave a sting but the person will recover. The bee dies. So I ask myself... is it worth it? I know what you're doing. I've seen that blog. How are you getting access to the internet? Are you allowed to have all this stuff in your cell huh? What's going to happen? You're planning on a human sacrifice aren't you? All good things to those who wait. Tell me!! Our time is at hand! Doctor Mixter. I just wondered if I could speak to you for a moment sir. It's very important. Well... what I'm going to tell you will sound really strange but I need to tell you. Do you know the history of the land the hospital is built on? Well, first of all. The DeFeo murders and the infamous house that people said was haunted. Maybe. Are you aware of the history of the land dating back to the eighteenth century? Yes. Sadie Krenwinkel down on Ward X. She shares the beliefs of the Satchem Tribe. I have reason to believe that somehow she has access to the internet and Witchcraft paraphernalia and she's planning on a human sacrifice tonight to try and raise the God she believes in, The Dark Master, and become immortal. I'm serious. Go on the internet and check out the Blog! She signs herself Sister Sadie. Go down and search her cell! What the hell are you doing?? Fuck you!!! Let me out of here you sick fuck!! Why are you doing this? I'm not having delusions, I know what I've seen! You do this to all your staff huh? The minute we speak out we get fucking committed?? No, no. You're lying to me, I know who I am! I KNOW WHO I AM!! Okay. Thank you. Okay. Yes. Thank you. Adoni, Helumnay, Peenay, Adoni, Helumnay, Peenay, The gods do command thee from thy majesty oh mapulamun. We need to get out of here! One of the patients is running around with a shot gun down on Ward X! Fuck!! Please help us! The patients are loose! We need to save ourselves. Let them reap what they've sewn. Why don't you want to play with me? Hey mister, you need to get the hell out of here, there's a patient going crazy with a gun!! What? Kurwa!! What, what?? A fucking key's been snapped in the lock! Fuck!! Get your fucking hands up you sick fuck! You gonna tell me it's all in my head now huh?? Wanna tell me I'm the crazy one?? Get the fuck out of my head you son-of-a-bitch! I know who I am and I know what I've seen! You're part of all of this. I know you are! You're the crazy one!! Why did you do this? Why?? You fucking believe that do you?? Sounds like a bunch of bullshit to me! You're no better than those fucking fundamentalists who kill innocent people because they've twisted shit they've read in some Holy book. It's all shit!! What the fuck are you laughing at? The cops coming here? I'm gonna tell them everything about you and your little sick plan! They're gonna lock you up and throw away the key!! What did you say?? You shut the fuck about my mother, you don't know anything!! I have not forgotten about her!! SHUT UP!! SHUT UP!! Fuck you!! 