Kill them. Kill them all. Lisa Templeton? It's quite alright. I'm Doctor Elliot Mixter. Come into my office. Please, take a seat. Thank you. Very good. I see you've had lots of experience cleaning private homes. Well an institution such as this one is a very different proposition. Yes I've seen that. When I say this is a different proposition I mean in terms of the sensitivity required due to the nature of what we do here. You would mainly be working night shifts at a time when patients are on lock down. But many of our patients here have psychological disturbances so there may be situations where you have to clean up things you may not be used to cleaning up. If you know what I'm saying. Would that bother you? I'm sure you wouldn't. It's quite alright, please sit down, I can take care of it. Okay... well thanks for coming in. I'll let you know. It's fine. We'll be in touch. Can I help you? You must be Lisa? Doctor Mixter said you would be coming. I'm Delaney, we'll be working together. So you're the one who saw the little girl huh? You sure you saw a little girl? Well I've had to pull staff off other wards to search this goddamn place top to bottom. We found nothing. A big fucking inconvenience is what it is! Do me a favour, the next time you think you see something be absolutely sure before you go running to Jumpsuit here! I ain't got time to be running around this place looking for shit that isn't there! You understand?? What the hell are you doing in here? Funny, I don't remember Doctor Mixter keeping the garbage in the filing cabinet. Well, y'know I'm gonna have to report this. Well new girl, it's hospital policy to report this kind of thing. Perhaps we can come to some arrangement. Well, I'd be doing you a big favour if I kept this to myself. So perhaps you can do me a favour. A blow job. Oh come on, I bet you'd love it. You've been working here for five minutes. You really think Doctor Mixter is gonna believe a fucking cleaner over a medical professional? She ain't no prisoner here! I was just talking, what's the problem? Well look who it is, Miss Sexual Harassment. What are you laughing at? This one's got a big mouth! First ordering a search of the hospital for a little girl, now she's busting your balls! You won't get no trouble from me, I'm a professional. Unlike this useless bag of bones. Fuck you! Catch you later sweetie. Where is this patient huh? Who? Missus Hardesty? Missus Hardesty was here and she spoke to you? Just a second... The new girl here says that Missus Hardesty was just sat in that chair. Says she even spoke to her. Missus Hardesty died this morning. Listen newbie, how about you just get on with the cleaning and stay off the crack pipe. Okay, honey bunny? Kill them. Kill them all. What's with all the fucking racket Palmer? Sorry to bother you Mister Pemberton. But I wondered if it would be possible to get some medical attention? Now how the hell did that happen? I believe it was this rather crude weapon that did the damage. Jesus Christ Palmer! Now put the weapon on the floor and back away. Put your hands on your fucking head and face the wall! Now!! I'm coming in dipshit, one fucking move from you and I'll cave your fucking skull in! You understand?? As you wish Mister Pemberton. Don't you fucking move!! I said don't fucking move! I'm terribly sorry about this. Pemberton? Pemberton, what's taking you so long man?? Shit! We got a major code six over here! Stay alert! Good evening gentleman. I believe we will be one short at roll call tomorrow morning. Do we need to put the bit in his mouth? No. We're not giving him the methohexital either. What the fuck are you doing?? What are you seeing in there? You make sure it stays that way. That guy is a fucking menace and he deserves everything he gets. So you don't talk to Mixter or anyone else about anything you've seen in there. You understand? Good. Now don't you got some cleaning to do somewhere? Hey Pop. You come to help? I'm going out. Again? Boy, you better not be turning up for work tomorrow like a goddamn zombie again. Yeah, yeah Pop. Don't yeah yeah me boy. You're on a last warning. I seen you got Mark a wheelchair. Mom says it cost five hundred bucks. What of it? Well how come you're spending five hundred bucks on Mark and I gotta come beg you for money all the time huh? What's the matter with you, boy? Your brother's broken his leg, he needs that wheelchair. Well I need money too! Butch, you get a wage from the auto dealership every Friday and it's gone by Monday. Why is that? I gotta live. What you spending that money on huh? Cos it ain't rent or food. You get everything you want for nothing 'round here. I know what you're really doing with that money. You don't know shit! Boy, you better shut that mouth of yours. This ain't over. Hey Mick. Butch, I told you man, you can't get no shit on lay-away any more. Your credit's all used up. You accept cash? My man! Come on in. Nineteen thousand dollars boy! Nineteen thousand!! What?? You stole that fuckin' money from the auto dealership!! What the fuck you talking about?? I was robbed!! Didn't Brigante tell you huh? Some fuckers car jacked me Pop. I told the police about it! You expect me to believe that, boy? You think I'm fuckin' stupid?? I ain't saying your stupid pop, I'm telling you the truth! I was robbed god-damn it! Our son's a fuckin' junkie thief, that's what's going on!! He robbed the fucking dealership!! Don't listen to him Ma, I ain't done nothing!! Why do you always have to get involved huh?? You've always been too soft on that boy!! He needs some fuckin' discipline!! I've had enough of you fat man!! Oh Lisa, Hello. What brings you here? Of course, come in. What can I do for you Lisa? Okay, go ahead. What are you referring to exactly? I am aware of the DeFeo murders yes. The hauntings... well I think it's common perception now that a lot of that was exaggerated by the media. No, I can't say that I am. Okay. I'm sure there's a point to all this? Have you been reading up on Sadie? It's rather outlandish stuff isn't it? But I can assure you she has no access to the internet or anything else. Well that could be anyone called Sadie couldn't it? I don't believe that will be necessary. The patients on Ward X spend twenty three hours a day in the cell. They get an hour of exercise in a small yard guarded by six of our staff. There's no way In fact, I'll order a cell search immediately. Stay here for a moment, I'll be right back. This is for your own good Lisa. You need treatment. This is for your own good Lisa. Now Lisa, let's talk calmly or you will be sedated again. You're having paranoid delusions. I'm also aware that you've been having disturbing visions. Well you think you know. The human brain is a powerful thing and I'm sure you do believe what you've seen. But it's all in your mind Lisa, it's not reality. You're a very sick girl and you need treatment. Staff? You were never staff here Lisa. You're a patient here. You've always been a patient here. I'm afraid not my dear. You've always been with us here. Initially as an out patient but now the delusions have progressed I feel it's time for you to become a full time resident. Look, I understand it's a lot to process now. I'll leave you to think about it and then we'll begin counselling sessions tomorrow. Listen, how about I take this straight jacket off so you're more comfortable? First you must take this. It will help you sleep. Good girl. I know it's a lot to take in but together we'll get through this. Now I'm going to take your restraint off. Remember though, if you're violent then I promise you it will go straight back on. Okay? That better? No problem. I'm going to leave you get some rest now. Tomorrow we start the healing process. We'll take care of them. My...my skin's on too tight! My skin is on too tight! My skin's on too tight!! My skin is on too tight!! That's much better. I see we've dispensed with the usual pleasantries. Come in Lisa. Well maybe it is, maybe it isn't. How would you know? You're the one holding the gun on a well respected doctor, my dear. You are part of a great becoming tonight. A rising of The Dark Master who blesses all of his followers with power and immortality. The plan for the becoming is almost complete. Just one more sacrifice, that's all we need tonight. It's all falling into place. If you say so. Tell me something Lisa, would it help your grief over your mother if you knew she was a slut? Yes. That's why she's burning in hell. I know that sometimes you wonder why you don't cry enough for her. I know you feel guilty for not doing more for her when she was alive. You feel guilty for moving on with Face it Lisa, you never cared for her. You never cared for anyone but yourself. She's looking up from the bowels of hell now knowing that you never loved her! She was a whore! Your mother's in hell and you don't care!! Morning Katherine, how are you? I'm good thank you. So Doctor, can you tell us a little more about the book? Well, it features a blow by blow account of the evening. It was obviously a very harrowing experience and for me it was rather therapeutic to deal with my feelings about what happened in writing. How has it affected the hospital Doctor? Obviously we were all left very numb by events for a long time and I know a lot of people in the town felt we should close the institution. But that never occurred to me. I feel that people should be brought closer by tragedy and the Staff and I have definitely become closer, both as colleagues and friends, since the incident. That bond makes for a better You mentioned there that some people wanted the place to close. I know many were also resistant to the opening of the institution in the first place given that it was built on the site of the infamous house, where Ronald DeFeo murdered his family in the seventies. I know a lot of people associated with that case were accused of exploiting it for their own ends. You've also faced some criticism for that, particularly as we heard last week that you have sold the movie rights to this book. How do you respond to that criticism? Well I know that some people accuse me of hurting the memory of the victims but I feel I'm helping the memories of those involved live on. Granted, some victims were criminally insane but other victims were loyal staff who had families and I'm determined that they not be forgotten. Each staff member gets their own chapter in the book so that the readers can get a full picture of what wonderful people they were. I always say that all forms of media, whether it be books, newspapers, TV or movies, are a preservation of life. Our physical bodies may die but our images live on when we are famous. Our work and our passion is preserved, therefore it's as if our souls are preserved. Through all of these forms of media we are, in effect, immortal. 