Arthur? Who are the women with you, Arthur? Whatever you want. But no penetration without a rubber. Maybe you should. Nanny? Is she going to stay here? I can't do this. Sorry, fellas. ...and inspired by the machine age of the 1920s, this magnificent structure was the world's tallest building for 11 months before the Empire State stole its thunder. The Chrysler got its name when the builder went bust in the 1928 Cement Famine and had to melt down his Chrysler to make the pointy bit at the top. If you peer closely you can still make out remnants of a hub cap and a sticker reading `Honk twice if you voted Hoover.' That was a joke, folks. It was built for the Chrysler corporation. The spire is a beauty, especially on a winter's morning when the sun hits it and it just seems to...How tall is it? 1047 feet madam, not allowing for pigeon shit. Okay, let's cross. Sure. It's $15, plus $5 for the free authentic street pretzel. Sorry, my bosses make the prices. Sorry. I can't take cards.Ah, owe me it. I start on that corner every day on the hour... Hey, you big blind jerk! Doesn't your braille windshield work? PEGUELO ENCIMA DE SU ASNO, USTED Just generalised criticism of his parents and genitals. (to the tourists) Everyone make it over alive? Excellent. Next we enter Times Square, world famous for New Year's Eve, when a Waterford Crystal Ball descends at eye-poppingly slow speed for the inexplicable entertainment of a million drunk fools. Many people think the square is actually a square, despite blatant evidence otherwise.Sir? What shape is Times Square? Soon, sir. Soon. Okay, next the very Laundromat once used by George Gershwin, Donald Trump... ...Mr Big from Sex and the City and three of the 9-11 terrorists. Oh, dad. The Welsh poet Dylan Thomas drank himself to death at the Chelsea Hotel half an hour after losing a sock in this very dryer. Are you abusing the tour to stalk me? Ahead, the jewel in Manhattan's crown, the Empire State Building. This iconic symbol of American corporate might was adapted during World War 2 in case of attack from enemy forces. At three minutes' notice the entire structure can retract into the ground like a tortoise's head. You're not being very civil to me. Exactly. The ground rises up! Thank you, sir. Manhattan's in the way. Victory to the Nazis. Is that what you want? Okay, folks, your pretzel awaits. Do I know you from somewhere? What are they? That the internet? Ah, my computer's too old for all that. Life's too short for all this obsessive upgrading. So why do people gossip about you? She's with you? Ooh, Grandma's got jokes. Who's this? Joan Rivers' older bitterer sister? Obviously. Seriously, who is she? Sorry, I have to get out the cattle prod and haul ass. Got another tour starting in eight minutes. I don't give my number to grown men with nannies. But as you may not be a grown man, it's 917 476 2030. Arthur. You know I prefer `mother'. (not looking up) So. How are you, Arthur? Did I hear you say you were meeting Ivanka Trump for brunch? That's nice. Right. Today we're going to have a friendly chat. Then a serious talk. And lastly make a timetable. How does all that sound? What happened, Arthur? You were such a sweet baby. Right, that's it for the chat. Time to transition to our talk. This insanity has to end, Arthur. As the delightful coffee-coloured gentleman who runs this country said, `The time has come to set aside childish things.' Susan is a splendid girl. Her feet are on the ground, she's of fine stock... And? You think I spent my marriage to your father skipping through meadows? Suit yourself. My will, which I have updated to designate Grant in reception as the sole beneficiary. ...Vivienne? Try me. Shall we segue to the timetable part of our meeting? Hello?Hello?This is your English stalker. Sorry, I'm polishing my yacht. No, it's a lie. I have a creative writing class. Tonight? You got it. Sorry? A movie? Pizza. It's a first date, Arthur. Not our honeymoon. Anything but guts and mushrooms. Okay, enough questions. Turkey Jerky and Pez. Are we done? Just that I.... Sorry to make you wait, Arthur. I was talking to your mother. I hear you have something to ask me! He's just joshing, Dominic. I'll do the skate in wood ear mushroom. Arthur, did you really have to be so icky to Dominic? You know, I was grumbling to your mother about how things are with us sometimes. How I'm sure you're trying to drive me away... But she was explaining that relationships are like property purchases; invest only in high-end stock, avoid anyone 'up-and- coming', then hold onto the property through thick and thin to deliver maximum return! Isn't that darling? Arthur. Why can't you learn to laugh at genuinely amusing things? YouTube clips of babies giggling. Dane Cook. I love you, Arthur. And you love me, whatever you think. Don't they say opposites attract? No. Well, I had a thing at college. That was serious for a while. But daddy... Ask me, Arthur. You're not happy, Arthur. Nobody who drinks like you can be happy. A real woman could stop you from drinking. Ask me, Arthur. Yes, I'll marry you. Erica will be the planner. Who I love, she loves. It's a satellite dish! It's better than nothing. I miss her too, daddy. But now she's gone and if I'm going to keep you in grits and Oprah the rest of your life, you live by my rules. So? I want to know I can look after you. Who cares? He's nice. He's funny. A bad actress holding her breath? Stop watching CSI. On a first date? Are you crazy? Arthur. We're in Battery Park at night. I've met you once - in the company of your nanny. You make a disturbing number of jokes about stalking and basements. My dad already has you down as a mass murderer. And you want me to put on a blindfold? Okay, I'm officially a little worried. Arthur, I don't know what to say. It's beautiful.Who did all this? Did you take account of the heroin fairies who hang here at night? Are you kidding? Where I normally eat, the special's the one that comes with a free toy. You're rich rich, aren't you? `It doesn't remotely matter how much or what you spend it on' rich? Craziest thing you ever bought? Oh my G-d, you're serious. I once said the Manhattan we were in was actually a movie set built for `You've got Mail', but that after the film wrapped, everyone moved to the set because there was less crime. Yes, dad? There's a small Tiffany butter knife about two inches from his hand but it might take him eight months to dismember me with it.Gotta go, battery. Love you too. Mom died last year. For eight months dad ate nothing but Popeye's Chicken n' Biscuits in front of CSI. So I persuaded him to move in with me. Where he eats Popeye's Chicken n' Biscuits in front of What are you gonna do? All those years your folks tucked you in, did their best to stop you from eating crap in front of the TV. And then one day, you're the one saying `No, honey, it's bad for you! Go to bed.' Weird, huh? AT&T store in 1998. It's a fine phone. Battery life of eleven seconds, which cuts the crap right out of conversations. I can't believe these mofos who gotta keep up with the latest bullshit. CDs come along, so out with the vinyl. Vinyl's back in, out with the CDs. I just kept the vinyl. Way cheaper, and I get to be incredibly hip once every 20 years.... WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON? No it is not ace, you crazy English bastard! This is dangerous! You're seriously making date small talk while this is going on? `Lower this freak show to the ground and get me a cab': Naomi Snart. What the hell. Gotta go sometime, right? At least it won't be years of pain like mom. Just a few seconds of screaming and falling with a truffle in my mouth. A kids' book. I sent a chapter to a childrens' publisher. Sunshine Press'. The rejection letter was the meanest thing I ever read. Not that kind of problem. Great. `Picnic in the sky' followed by `Robbed in the sky'! This isn't funny, you lunatic. I can't find it. Over here? I can't believe I'm saying this, but so did I. Summarising Phase Alpha: formal wear for bridal attendants, groom's attendants, mens' formal wear, St John the Divine all confirmed... Don't worry, Thomas. This whole thing's just a joke to Arthur. Take this away.Progress on the reception? Black inked at the Emery Roth Room at the Ritz-Carlton. A first pass at the guest list. Bride's family and friends: Groom's family and friends: We can arrange to screen off the area behind your guests, Arthur. To make it seem less desperate. Cakes, caterers, floral arrangements, photographer... No. You can leave. Where are you going? We're not going to end up in the Hudson again, are we? Are you okay? Hey, Richey Rich. Want to go somewhere really romantic? Yip. A whole penny less than those bourgeois assholes at the Dollar Store. That one was on the news. Everyone else recalled them, the pussies. Not my 99 Cent! Oh, I love this place. Well, I'd like you to believe it's because I'm a poor girl reduced to buying `Depressed Chef' burgers-in- a-can to Right Said Fred because I don't know where my next paycheck is coming from. But the truth is - bargains get me hot. Got it from ma. Drives my dad crazy. The tour? Looking west, the ladies' hygiene products. Note that the more natural-sounding the name, e.g. this 'Vermont Breeze' Feminine Spray, the more lethal chemicals it contains. Watch out for the products cunningly labelled to make the dumber consumer think they're getting the real thing: 'Special J', 'Crampbell's Soup', ''Aunt Janina's' Maple-Style Syrup... And ah, the music: Dated sounds for lonely people to buy cheap shit to. I once watched a woman shoplift an 8-pack of toilet scrubbers down her panty hose to 'Everything I do, I do it for you'. Why are you staring at me? You're good at fascinated. Not that one. (shaking the tin) No. There's less beans in it. (sniffs the tin) No. I'll get ill. Oh, man, Phil Collins. Gotta get out when they start playing Phil Collins. Want to see how to get a quarter from a shopping cart? Tiger Woods has confirmed! I don't. He agreed to daddy's fee. This is going to be the happiest day of my life! Why is she here all the time? She's my wedding planner. A second ballroom. Obviously. Gotta have a second ballroom. Hobson? I think I realised that as I plunged into the Hudson with a junkie. But I like him. He's fun. What does that mean? `Vlad the Inhaler'. About an asthmatic boy detective. Oh, it was dumb. `The Boy Whose Heart Escaped'. It was about this kid who wakes up to find his heart has climbed out and is shinning down the drainpipe to freedom. Rainbow Press said it was too disturbing. But it wasn't literal - there wasn't a kid lying there with a gaping hole in his chest. It was just this cute little heart bouncing up and down shouting `You can't catch me, mofo!'. I'm paraphrasing. Never got that far. You like the hooch, don't you? Frog and Toad! I loved Frog and Toad! That was beautiful. It's like you read it yesterday. Not that it matters, but he's a billionaire. Arthur. What's so urgent that you had to come all the way out here? Arthur, we've been through this! What family is she from? Never heard of them. Susan will generate quality sons, not oil-soaked car monkeys. Arthur... We need an heir! Arthur. Come back here. Suit yourself, Arthur. Follow your heart. But do be aware I consider what you've squandered so far an advance on your inheritance. That's about $17 million. No. But you'd spend the rest of your life in court. There's a simple solution to all this. Marry Susan. And cheat with the nobody from Queens. Have you been at the cookies? (realising it's serious) Oh, man. What? What? What are you talking about? This is bullshit. Who do you think you are? Is this some rich guy thing? Yeah, yeah, you just. You're frog. Maybe if I'd spotted this facet of your personality earlier we wouldn't be having this conversation. Why? Bye, Arthur. It's going to be okay. I'll get you a beer, yeah? Please, interrupt. Hell, who wants to come home with me and butt in with questions while I'm watching Letterman? `Yo. How tall is Dave?'Sorry, sir. Late night, no sleep, long day. What's your question? When I stand here taking every breath with you, ooh... What is going on? Sorry to be a wet blanket, folks. he's getting married. But I guess he didn't choreograph that bit for you. I gathered that, Arthur. Are you capable of doing anything without it being a grand gesture? It's like Hobson said. You're not like other men. If you were normal, if the money and the booze didn't cloud everything, you'd deal with the fact that you're engaged, rather than just looking for ways to win me back. But it was a lovely routine, really. Fantastic outfit. It says here you shouldn't forget to clean your junk. I guess that's what...'genitahlio-ah' is. Hobson left me in charge. She's gone to bed. She had a headache. She blacked out. I was waking up four, five, six mornings a week in different mens' beds... I wanted to die. To be nobody. Arthur, if that's...Hello? Yes. Yes, I did...Yes. Sorry? Really? Well I worked pretty hard on it..Love to...Love to...What time? I'll call in dead to work. Bye. Well, well. Oh, should I? Are all the other girls he passed up going too? Tell him thanks, but I have a deadline. Are you alright? You really look out for Arthur, don't you? Ah, what am I gonna do? The no-kill pet shelter won't take him. I appreciate what you're trying to do but I'm not going to that party. Have you seen a doctor? I think Arthur has a very good friend. May I kiss you on the cheek? Yes. Dad! Call 911. Splendid affair, Susan. Don't thank me, thank Erica. With all due respect, Hobson, you're talking out of your frumpy English ass. Arthur needs to know! Snart plus one. Nice dress. Vera Wang? Ross Dress For Less. You know where Arthur is? Yeah. Have you seen Arthur? Of course she is. Why would Arthur marry a pig? Hm? Oh, I'm the heiress to a fortune built on small pets. Hamsters, mice, doglets... Tiny dogs. The technology's not perfect. Seeing a horse the size of a can of soup fall dead before your eyes - that shit stays with you. Are you sure he's this way? (to a WOMAN) Excuse me. Have you seen Arthur? That way. The ballroom. Bye, Justin. I know that. I'm here to give Arthur some very important news. Arthur, can I talk to you? No, thanks, Arthur. I should go. Arthur. Please. Can you just call me a cab? Orders cabs to take the girls away? It's okay. She was a looker from the get-go. Nuts. I thought the moon followed me. I would walk and think the moon went any place that I did. I thought it meant something special would happen. So I've been waiting. What an ass. Arthur. We've been through this. Call that cab please. To Bombay, a travelling circus came, they brought an intelligent elephant and Nellie was her name... Is this the tour guide? Is this the Vivienne? Crowded field, writing. We all know who's seen her potential. Meaning? Oh, of course, you don't know, do you? What is going on here? My son became fond of you. You're not the first. Or the last, I imagine. Anyway I was scanning his monthly expenses - which always makes for entertaining reading, all those gifts for all those girls - and found he'd bought an entire publishing company called...what was it now? Rainbow Press. You bought Rainbow press? So you could tell them to publish my book? He knows people, dear. I'm sure you do too, though the people you know tend not to own books, let alone publishers. Arthur, I trust we'll see you back at the party? Susan's a little worried. Don't say that! Hello, Amnesty? Come quick! Arthur's being held against his will in Guantamoney Bay! Stop riffing with me! How dare you do what you did. I didn't need your money to feel good about myself! Huh? Hello? I heard shouting. I'm an employee of Arthur's. I came to complain about the conditions. Mr Bach-Templemead, I know you thought putting half and half in the staff kitchen was an improvement.But some people prefer Coffee Mate! You were disrespectful. I quit! Because you changed the creamer?Arthur, Marty called from the hospital. Apparently you didn't. She sounds like Darth Invader! How's the tea? Want to talk about the Cubs game? Arthur! You haven't answered the phone for eight days. Susan's beside herself. What's going on? Oh, that. Well, yes. A faithful, humble companion who... Remember who pays for this apartment, Arthur. For everything! You had damn well better be at that wedding, boy. It's mother! Don't worry, Burt. He's cleaned himself up. He's stopped drinking, he's anxious to get a real job. He's become a responsible citizen. Due to a tragic error in the architect's drawing, the original Statue of Liberty unveiled in 1886 was just seven inches tall. 100,000 New Yorkers rioted, having come expecting to see something more impressive than a garden gnome holding up an ice cream... Girl's gotta have a dream. Are you okay? You're a mess. You look like you...now. I'm so sorry about Hobson. It's okay. So how did Susan take it that you're not marrying her? You haven't told her? Are you six? She isn't my enemy. She's the woman you proposed to! The wedding's today? When? (looks at her watch) It's eight minutes to. Church? St John..Fourth largest church in the world...111th and Amsterdam. It's about four miles. Better hurry. What's the alternative? Jilt Susan at the altar? Can I expect the same treatment when you dump me? C'mon, folks... Arthur. Prove you're not the same pampered little boy who can have what he wants then toss it aside when he's bored. Then we'll talk. 5th...right on Broadway...left at Times...Right on 7th...back on Broadway....right on Amsterdam. The church is the big stone pointy thing full of rich people. (into a headset mic) ...originally a rough neighbourhood. Some say it was called 42nd Street because it wasn't safe to spend more than forty seconds on it. If you burst into song, you're off this bus. Sorry, sir, that's not on our route today. Anyway... I want to know if Arthur's gonna make it. Okay! Arthur? What's going on? What? Shut up! We're getting married! And you think I love you? I never have. Daddy never hurt Alex. He paid her parents to send her away.. Lesbian. Yes. You may have noticed that daddy is homophobic. He swore he'd disown me if it happened again. Why else do you think I'd spend more than 30 seconds in your company? You're the perfect cover. No. Arthur, please. You can drink as much as you like, sneak off to Naomi. We keep the money. We live our lives. Everyone wins. Daddy, no! Stop it! Burt! Get off my son! (louder than anyone yet) Wouldn't I? You crushed me. Bullshit. You wanted to stop me being a lesbian! You want some more, bitch? Huh? Erica, that's enough, honey. Because I hate an infection! Keep still. What are we going to do, Arthur? Stop this! A Bach-Templemead has never been poor and we're not about to try that experiment with you, Arthur. That said, you've shown strength of character for once, instead of blubbing on about frogs and friendship. The inheritance is yours. All I ask is, with Hobson gone, you finally start treating me like a mother. I beg your pardon? Arthur. I will withdraw this offer forever. Don't doubt me, boy. Arthur! Arthur! I am serious! If you walk out of that door... Money good. You were never happy rich, honey. It's only been a month. Be strong. Remember: however hard life gets, love will always find a way. (off their stares:) What? Can't a girl make a joke? 