...Plain Jane cheap like you asked for but with a hundred and sixty horsepower inside. You get any sleep? I can offer you some Halcyon. There she is. Silver Impala. Most popular car in the state of California... Driver casts his eyes over the unimpressive vehicle then holds out his hand for the keys. A high risk stunt like that's worth at least a thousand five. Done. For all his charm we sense something of the hustler about Shannon. I managed to get them up to five hundred. Driver doesn't seem to care, focussed on the job. SHANNON Nice work, officer... Driver spits out some fake candyglass from the shattered windscreen. You know how much my business made last year? Thirty Grand. Takes me six months to build a car and a couple of seconds for these jerks to write it off on a stunt that doesn't even make it into the movie. Bernie shakes his head but clearly has a soft spot for Shannon. Let me talk you through it first. Doesn't have to be. The big money teams burn through three, four million a year but that's `cause they're using half a dozen test drivers and a stable of cars. Sure, but it's not the only way. All I need is a hard-used stock car. We start off with the small-town action then work our way up. There's close to two thousand events out there and once we make the Show we're talking millions. There's a fortune to be made. Sponsorship. TV deals. We'll even name the team after you. Bernie looks at his friend in mild exasperation then turns away as the waiter returns with a handful of chop sticks. Four hundred and thirty thousand dollars. Bernie Rose can't help grinning at his nerve. Look, I wouldn't come to you unless I was sure about this. I got a driver. Not like this one. He stares at his friend with quiet conviction. I been working with this guy a long time - I've never seen anything like it. I had the money I'd back him myself... Bernie Rose considers him quietly. Everything I own is in metal. I had to sell my Bullit car the other day just to pay the gas bill. I'm telling you, Bernie, put this kid behind a wheel there's nothing he can't do. BERNIE ROSE And what happens to my money if this kid gets hit by a bus? Shannon's about to reply when they're interrupted by a big bull of a man with a gruff voice. Fourth please... Driver presses the fourth floor button even though it's already lit. The doors shut and the elevator starts to climb. Driver stares out quietly. Irene takes a glance at him, feeling awkward in the silence. She looks relieved as the elevator doors finally open. Driver steps aside to let her out first. Thank you... Goodbye... It ain't slow... (Playing hard to get) Maybe where you come from... Bernie Rose pays no attention to their banter, his eyes fixed thoughtfully on the stock car as it finally slows to a stop. Looks a little long in the tooth to me. Think we should take her home?... Driver shrugs. Shannon grins, turning to Bernie now. Bernie, this is the driver I been telling you about... One look at Bernie Rose and Driver senses the power and authority behind his deceptively gentle eyes. Bernie's thinking of investing in our race team... The old mobster holds out his hand, meeting Driver's gaze. You gonna give me the four? Just over there. Thanks... Driver places the bags on the kitchen counter. Would you like something to drink? A glass of water? Excuse me a second... She walks out of the room, leaving Driver alone with Benicio. The little boy stares at him fixedly. Irene closes the bathroom door behind her, looking at herself in the mirror, feeling a little uncertain. IRENE You just move to LA? And before that? (A gentle smile) Too many questions, huh?... Driver smiles back awkwardly, not sure how else to respond. Irene switches on the TV for Benicio, sitting him down on the couch. Driver has a sip of water, glancing around the room. He notices a few photographs on a side table. Most of them are of Benicio and Irene, but one of them shows the little boy standing next to a strikingly handsome Latino man. Irene turns around and sees him looking at the picture. That's Benicio's father. Driver takes in the significance of this, then looks back at her. He's in jail. (Changing the subject) What do you do? Driver hesitates. You mean all those car chases and stuff? He nods, a little embarrassed. Isn't that dangerous? He seems thrown by her concern. Where? You should tell Benicio you're a stunt guy. Aren't all little boys? She smiles softly and he realizes she's teasing him. Would you like another glass? Sounds like a goddamn M-16... Driver smiles, popping the hood. As Shannon limps out of the vehicle he sees a battered Oldsmobile drive into the forecourt. He takes one look at the owner, then runs his hand through his white hair, breaking into a friendly smile. Gorgeous day just got even nicer. How can I help you, ma'am? IRENE Hi... You boys and girls know each other? We're neighbors. I see... Driver ignores the sly look in the old man's eyes. So what seems to be the problem, ma'am? Either it doesn't start or it stalls. Well, why don't we park her over there and take a look... Driver is still watching Irene quietly. I can come back later if you're busy... He's busy, I'm not... Shannon gives Driver another sly look as he takes her car keys. ...Just my opinion, but I think you should consider buying a new car... (With gentle irony) That would be great... She glances round and sees Benicio standing in the forecourt with Driver, watching him work on his own car now. BENICIO That thing doesn't work. Don't worry, ma'am, your son'll be fine. I didn't mean it like that... Shannon smiles to himself, sensing her interest in Driver. We been together about five years now. He showed up out of the blue one day, no references or nothin', asking me for a job. I offered him half the wages I normally pay and he didn't even blink. Been exploiting him ever since... Only thing he knows is cars... Thank you for today. He had a great time... DRIVER I'm glad... He stares back at her in the silence, both of them looking a little uncertain. I'm sorry if I put you on the spot, you know, just showing up like that... ...I still can't believe I bought this piece of shit... SHANNON I thought maybe we'd take her for a run Thursday or Friday. Yeah? Why's that? Irene, huh? You're seeing quite a lot of the young lady. Hello?...Yes?...Yes, this is she... Driver sees the look of surprise on Irene's face as she listens to the voice on the other end. The doorbell suddenly rings. Irene catches Driver's eye and asks him to open it. He heads over, checks the spy-hole, then opens the door. A YOUNG WOMAN who's sitting for Benicio walks in, looking at Driver curiously. The park looks pretty at night... She looks at Driver, watching him quietly, then looks away again. That was my husband's lawyer on the phone. He's getting an early release... She tries to sound casual. Driver takes the news quietly, even though it hits him like a sledgehammer. I'm happy for Benicio... Driver knows she's trying to explain herself but doesn't say anything, driving in silence. Up ahead the traffic lights turn red and the car slows to a stop. Inside, the silence is unbearable. Irene pauses, then looks at Driver. He's even more handsome in the shadowy half-light, something achingly lonely and melancholy about his stillness. She hesitates, then moves her hand towards his, brushing the back of his hand, then slipping her fingers between his. The gesture is tiny but charged with emotion. They both stare out in silence, fingers clasped, then Irene gently withdraws her hand, as if nothing's happened. Outside the lights change to green. STANDARD ...I'm touched and grateful that you're all here today -- even though I know it's probably for the food not me... His self-deprecating humor gets a chorus of laughter and agreement from the guests. Irene is standing next to her friend Cindy, looking a little uncomfortable. Who was that on the phone? Hey... He turns around and sees her standing there with a smile. I'm sorry about the noise. I was going to leave a note under your door warning you we were having a party. I wish you would. Maybe the cops'd show up and send everybody home. Their eyes stay on each other, the music pounding in the background. IRENE The car works great by the way. Hasn't stalled once. Listen, if you're hungry we got plenty of Standard, he's busy... Standard doesn't respond, still holding Driver's gaze. Try her out. She's more comfortable than a water bed. NINO I already got a fucking water bed. He sits heavily in the car and starts prodding and pressing all the control buttons as if he wants to break them. Windshield wipers. Hey, kid! Come say goodbye, the money people are leaving!... Driver and Standard stare at each other a moment longer then Driver breaks off. Who was that? What did I tell you about married women? Nino can't resist another dig at Shannon. We haven't seen you around in a while. You must have been pretty busy?... What can I get you? We're okay. Standard thinks he may have found a job so I can give up my night shift... Driver stares back at her with his intense gaze. Benicio misses you... From the way she says it she could almost be talking about herself. He keeps asking me to invite you for dinner... DRIVER I'd like that... His gentle gaze is finally too much for her. She grins, excusing herself. I better serve some food... It's only when she has her back turned that we see how hard this is for her. Driver watches her walk away, lost in thought. They've forgotten my Coke. Would you like some more chicken? (Changing the subject) How's the movie going?... Don't you think that's enough? Then why don't you go ahead and talk for all of us. Benicio, it's time for bed - Benicio, you heard me - I'm sorry. DRIVER Don't worry... She hesitates, torn, then looks up at him again, needing to confide in someone. Every time he makes that speech about taking me and Benicio away from here he's in some kind of trouble... Driver sees the deep concern in her eyes and feels even more torn. Irene gets up, clearing away some plates. Move for Chrissakes!... Driver ignores her, still watching the Chrysler out of the corner of his eye. The lights change to green but Driver doesn't move. Nor does the Chrysler. Behind them, other cars start honking their horns. Suddenly Driver roars off, swerving left at speed. The Chrysler reacts, screeching off in pursuit. Driver floors the gas. On speed and power his vehicle may be no match for the Chrysler, but in traffic the odds are even. He weaves his way past the slower cars, putting obstacles between himself and the Chrysler. The pursuing car matches him move for move, staying on his tail. In the back seat, Blanche looks terrified, buckling herself in. 49A Forty Grand... She glances at the bag, staring at how much more money there is. Driver switches on the cheap TV set with the remote, flicking through the news channels. There's no mention of the robbery yet. He zips up the bag and heads out. I've no idea. ...Cook told me another car would hold us up...but he never said anything about this much money or anyone getting killed... Driver stares at her quietly, beginning to put the pieces together in his head. Just a couple months. We were fooling around. I've never been mixed up in anything like this - He told me it was Chris, but I just called him Cook. ....Can I go wash up?... Driver nods distractedly, his mind racing. Blanche heads over to the bathroom. Why didn't you tell me?... All he hears is silence on the other end. Well, I guess it's done now... He leans back against a car. How big's the take?... Jesus... He looks dazed by the thought of so much money. You better bring it over. I'll take care of it... DOC ...Looks like you got more metal inside you than a ten ton truck... (His hand shakes) You'd be better off with a mechanic not a medic... Driver looks up at him warily from Shannon's pull out bed. What did you do with the cash? You want me to look after it for you? Driver doesn't answer, gritting his teeth as Doc pulls out the largest shard of glass. Just think what we could do with all that This guy Cook got a real name?... I'll ask Bernie if he's heard of him... SHANNON I wish you'd talked to me first... Driver doesn't reply, his eyes fixed on the ceiling. Lotta guys fall for other mens' wives, but you're the only one I know robs a joint to make it up to the husband... No, thanks... Shannon looks tense but tries to hide it. From next door they can hear the sound of raised voices. Bernie Rose grabs the TV remote and turns up the volume to drown out his neighbors. A friend of mine owes him some money. I was wondering if you knew him? Yeah... We're all set for next month. He's doing great. ...I'll be back before you go to bed. How's that sound?... The little boy nods, watching his Japanese cartoon. Irene's friend, Cindy, is also there, gazing at them both in sympathy. Irene looks up at her. Are you going to be okay? We'll be fine... Irene gets up to leave when the buzzer rings. She walks over and opens the door then stops in surprise. Driver stands there. Where have you been?... He stares back at her in silence. I tried to reach you. Standard's been - I can't talk now. I have to go. The car's working fine. (Almost a whisper) Why?... Driver misunderstands, thinking she's talking about Standard. Great job... She walks faster now, striding towards the elevator. Driver follows her. What are you, a bank? I work for a living. I don't need your widow's pension! IRENE Just tell me one thing. How did he talk you into it? Stupid me... She turns away when the elevator bell rings. The doors open, revealing TAN SUIT. Neither Driver or Irene recognizes him but we do. He smiles, pretending to look confused. So are we... She steps into the elevator. Driver follows her in. What are you talking about? You're crazy. I don't even know you - It doesn't work like that. Because people like you never get out. And I don't want my son to grow up like that... She holds his gaze with regret. Driver's about to respond when suddenly he catches a fleeting movement out of the corner of his eye. A beat -- then he suddenly lunges -- grabbing Irene and pulling her to the ground. In the same instant Tan Suit appears out of the darkness, opening fire with his automatic. Bullets spark as they hit the concrete floor and the other parked vehicles. Driver drags Irene behind a car now, covering her with his body as Tan Suit fires another burst. More sparks light up the darkness, the bullets penetrating the car with ease, narrowly missing Driver and Irene. Driver moves again, dragging the terrified Irene behind him. Tan Suit loses sight of them in the darkness, striding past rows of parked cars. What happened? I called Bernie...I asked if he could help. Him and Nino are like brothers. I told him you weren't interested in the money, that you only did it for the girl... (From the heart) I wanted to make sure once you returned the money that was the end of it... Driver doesn't seem to hear him. Let me talk to Bernie again. They probably didn't listen to him - What are you gonna do?... Driver doesn't answer, but from his silence Shannon can guess. How the fuck did this happen? We're supposed be in Charlotte or Daytona drinking champagne out of trophies and getting laid by pit lizards... He stares at Driver with quiet regret. Fuck... Door's always open to you... Bernie Rose heads towards him with his hands in his coat pockets. Thinking about it. BERNIE ROSE I'm looking for your driver. You break in like this I figure it's bad news. He tried to put it right. Probably across the border by now. Mexico. Belize. That's where I'd go... Bernie Rose smiles, not believing a word. That's gratitude, I guess. Bernie Rose can't help grinning, fond of Shannon despite everything. Anyone else I'd do the same... Bernie Rose watches him with a mixture of affection and regret. Then I'm glad you got here first... Bernie Rose holds his gaze, then looks away, admiring the shiny stock car. Nah, I'd have fucked it up too... Shannon smiles, reconciled with himself. Bernie Rose grins, and extends his hand. They shake hands firmly, like old friends, when suddenly Shannon recoils, as if he's been stung. We see now that his shirt sleeve is covered in blood, his vein cut all the way from his elbow to his wrist. He looks dazed, paralysed with shock. Bernie Rose holds a razor knife in his hand, the blade wet with Shannon's blood. He takes Shannon gently by the arm and sits him down against the boot of the stock car. (Picking up her phone) Hello?... The blazing sun beats down. Driver walks through a long corridor of glinting cars. What do you want me to do with it?... Driver walks with difficulty, finding it hard to breathe. I told you, I don't need your money... Blood seeps through Driver's shirt, dripping on the tarmac. Irene hears his labored breathing now, looking concerned. IRENE Are you okay?... Driver's skin looks deathly pale, his eyes a haunting shade of blue. He keeps walking through the maze of cars, casting his eyes from one vehicle to the next, looking for the perfect ride. Fine. I'm in the park with Benicio... Irene can no longer hold back her tears, heartbroken. Driver stops in front of the white Camaro, unsteady on his feet. It was nice to meet you too... 