Aibileen, bridge club's in an hour! Did you finish the chicken salad? Oh, and Hilly's deviled eggs. No paprika! Does this dress look homemade? Momma! We're late for bridge! Minny! Go get Momma! Missus Walters?! You need help coming down? I'm down! Gone give me a heart attack! Minny, I'm getting my coat. It's ninety degrees out there, Missus Walters. Minny, William took Billy out for ice cream. So, hurry back and get Billy down for his nap. No dilly dallying. Yes, ma'am. No! Nooo. Aibileen, the girls are pulling up, and the table isn't set! Mae Mobley go, Momma! Get in your room! Right now! I sorry. Hey, girls! (over her shoulder) Put Momma in a chair before she breaks a hip. I'm not deaf yet, Hilly. Aibileen, I want you to have this coat. It's too big for Momma now and it's way too expensive to put in the coat drive. All yours. Go on. Try it on. Forgive me, Lord, but I'm gonna have to kill that woman. Looks like a walking Christmas present with all them bows. And, now she gone to puttin' pencil marks on the toilet paper. Uh-hum. But, I carry paper in from my own damn house. That fool don't know. Hey, Skeeter. Well, if it isn't Long-Haul- Skeeter. We didn't think you'd ever leave Ole Miss. About supper club tonight...Honey, Stuart had to cancel. He can't get off the rig, Skeeter. It's offshore! Stuart is a very successful oil man. Raleigh called his cousin down in Hattiesburg. He'll drive up. One eye?! They'd be a fool not to hire you. To Skeeter...and her job. Last stop `til marriage. Well, no! But, I bet the poor girls without any help, in South Jackson, read it like the King James. Aibileen? My Aibileen? What can't you just get Constantine to help you? I'm so sorry, Skeeter. Well...I mean as long as it doesn't interfere with her work. Please tell her Celia Foote called again. I'll call back tomorrow. Ah-hem. Miss? I'm looking for some help at my house. You know any maids looking? Okay. Celia Foote. Emerson 6-8-4. Bye, now. Who was that on the phone? I've never called her back, Hilly. She can't take a hint, can she? Who's Celia Foote? That tacky girl Johnny married. Girl? I heard she's twenty-eight. Oh my God! Uh-hmm, worked concessions at a LSU game and sold him a hotdog. And, boy, he got a whole lot more. And live thirty minutes outside of town? Anyway, I ran into her at the beauty parlor, and she had the nerve to ask if she could help with the children's benefit. Yes, but we're not telling her. Oh, Hilly, I wish you'd just go use the bathroom. Ah-hem. I'm fine. She's upset cause the nigra uses the guest bath, and so do we. Aibileen, go check on Mae Mobley. Just go use mine and Raleigh's. If Aibileen uses the guest bathroom, I'm sure she uses yours too. Wouldn't you rather them take their business outside? -Tell Raleigh every penny he spends on a colored's bathroom, he'll get back in spades when y'all sell. It's just plain dangerous. Everybody knows they carry different diseases than we do. I double. I can't ask Raleigh until tax season. But, it would be nice. That's why I've drafted The Home Help Sanitation Initiative. As a disease preventative bill that requires every white home to have a separate bathroom for the colored help. I've even notified the Surgeon General of Mississippi. I'll pass. You ought not to joke about the colored situation. I'll do whatever it takes to protect our town. Your lead, Jolene. I have to skedaddle! Gotta get over to the station! Daddy's letting me do the weather tonight! Johnny, you scared the daylights out of me! You're home early. Johnny, I can't get any of your old friends from school to call me back. Johnny, honestly! I don't know what's taking us so long. I'm sorry. Watch my hair. I'm sorry. Did I interrupt something? Hilly wants this put in the League newsletter. Tomorrow is silver polishing day, so y'all make it quick, okay? Is this a little too young? Your daddy bought me this dress in -Right after Ole Miss won the Sugar Bowl. Come on, you try it on. I told you...she went to live with her people in Chicago...Now, Skeeter, your mother is dying, and she wants to see you in this dress. I told her not to write you. I didn't want you upset in the middle of final exams. Honey, we were just a job to her. With them it's all about money...Did I tell you Fanny Peatrow got engaged? After she got that teller job, her mother said she was just swimming in proposals. This looks precious on you! Four years ago my daughter went off to college, and what did she come home with? Hilly and Elizabeth have such lovely children. If only you'd show a little gumption, Eugenia... You did? Great. You can write my obituary. "Charlotte Phelan dead. Her daughter still single." I need to...ask you something, Skeeter. I read the other day about how some girls...get unbalanced, start thinking these...well, unnatural thoughts. Are you...do you...find men attractive? Are you having unnatural thoughts about... Girls or...or women? Because, this article says there's a cure, a special root tea. Eugenia! Carlton's bringing Rebecca to dinner. Try to look presentable! Oh, the irony of it all. Givin' advice on how to keep up a home when she... Oh my Lord. You have pushed it, Young Lady! You wouldn't understand. Not until you've hired help of your own. It was a colored thing, and I've put it behind me. Excuse me, Rebecca. My daughter has upset my cancerous ulcers. Eugenia! You've grown another inch since breakfast. Go put on a dress that fits before that boy and his daddy come pick you up. Pray Carlton doesn't like LSU, Constantine. It's so far. It might be the last we see of him. Sunny skies and a high of ninety- eight today with ninety-nine percent humidity. There's a slight chance of afternoon showers so y'all carry an umbrella. What gave you this idea, Miss Phelan? I'm...curious. Continue. I'm listening. So, a side to this never before heard. Who was that? Look, no maid in her right mind would ever tell you the truth. That's a hell of a risk in a place like Jackson, Mississippi. I watched them try to integrate your bus station on the news. Oy! They jammed fifty-five Negroes in a jail built for four. Really? A negro maid has already agreed to talk to you? Well...I suppose I could read what you come up with. The book biz could use a little rattling. I'm saying I'll let you know if it's even worth pursuing. And for God's sake, you're a twenty- four-year-old educated woman. Go get an apartment. Build it just like the one at my house, right against the garage. Oh, mercy! It'll confuse Mae Mobley if she sees Aibileen going inside. And we can't risk her health. Hilly spoke to the Surgeon General! She also said it'll add value to our home! Honey, Hilly's covering the cost...and said you can just do William's taxes to pay her back. Aibileen, Mae Mobley's crying her eyes out! Skeeter...Hello. I'm sorry but I think it's best if you leave now. And...I don't think this Miss Myrna thing is gonna work out with Aibileen. You're making it a lot hotter flapping your arm like that. That should do it. Minny, go get me and Momma some iced tea. Uh...Miss Hilly? Yes. Never mind. You go on ahead and use the guest bath, Minny. It's okay. Oh, for crying out loud. It's just a little rain. She can go get an umbrella up in William's Study! I believe she was working for me before you dragged us both here. I'm gone get your tea. MINNYYYY, are you in there? Yes, ma'am... Are you sitting down? Hurry, Aibileen. Mae Mobley's up, and I'm off to the doctor. Aibee bafroom, Momma! No! Oh, Aibileen! I went and did it now! Miss Hilly been tellin' everbody in town I stole a candelabra! That's why I can't get no job. Oh, but I got her back...I did something awful, Aibileen. She got what she deserve, Aibileen. But, now I ain't gone never get no work again...Leroy gone kill me. We're running behind on our "coat drive," girls. So hurry up and clean out those closets...But our Christmas Benefit, however, is right on schedule as y'all have already filled all our baked goods raffle slots. Y'all think we can put a dent in the African Children's hunger this year? Now for some exciting news...I wanted y'all to be the first to know...My William is seeking election to the State Senate this November! He's runnin' on a platform of health. Protecting our children. Protecting our way of life. So, I, with William, have drafted The Home Health Sanitation Initiative. Skeeter, when can we expect to see the initiative in the newsletter? I gave it to you a month ago. I gave that to you myself! Would you please stand, Skeeter? He's coming! Oh, Skeeter, he's definitely coming this time. This Saturday night. Don't you dare say that! It's your time, Skeeter. And damnit, I'm not going to let you miss this just because your mother convinced you you're not good enough for somebody like him. Eat up, Girl. Miss Woodra's like to not feed ya on try-out day. I still say you're too young to be waitin' on white peoples...Now, Sugar, I want you to listen to me, and you listen to me good. These are the rules for working in a white lady's house. Rule Number One: Don't you ever let White Lady find you sittin' on her toilet. Number Two: You keep your nose out of White Lady's problems, and don't cry to her with yours. White people ain't your friends. Number six, Minny. Number six. Hey there! I'm Celia Rae Foote. Aibileen said you'd be on time. Can I get you a cold Coca-Cola? No, thank you. I'm Minny Jackson... You...cooking something? One of those upsidedown cakes from the magazine. It ain't workin' out too good. Come on in. What in the hell- Tuck it in, Minny. Tuck it in. I guess I have some learnin' to do. You sure do. Johnny's momma wouldn't let me decorate a thing. If I had my way, this house would have wall to wall white carpet with gold trim and none of this old stuff. Where you from? Sugar Ditch. It's near Memphis. I know Sugar Ditch. My cousin live there. Let's go meet Oscar! Johnny's granddaddy shot him up in Montana back in 1910 with Teddy Roosevelt. We got five bedrooms and bathrooms here in the main house. The pool house has two more beds and baths. When you gone have some chillins, start fillin' up all these beds? I'm pregnant now. Gone be eatin' for two. Double the cookin'. I know it's an awful lot to do. Five other maids have already turned me down...Can I at least give you some bus money? When you hear me say I don't wanna clean this house? What? So...You'll do it?! No huggin', now. No huggin'. I'm sorry. This is my first time hiring a maid. We got to talk about some things first. I work Sunday through Friday. You can't come at all on weekends. Okay. What time you want me here? After eight, and you have to leave at four. Okay. Now what your husband say you can pay? Johnny doesn't know I'm bringing in help. And what's Mr. Johnny gone do if he comes home and finds a colored woman up in his kitchen? It's not that I'd be fibbing. I just want him to think I can do this on my own...I need some help `til I get the hang of it. I need a maid. A course you do. Last one done got shot in the head. Miss Celia, I think you done burned up yo cake. Oww! Dawgonit! You can't use no wet towel on a hot pan. I'll take this burnt up cake with me so Mister Johnny don't see it. I'm off, Aibileen. Don't forget Raleigh wants pot roast tonight. Where are you going, Skeeter? On a Saturday night? Aibileen! Yule May told me what y'all up to. Medgar Evers live five minutes away. They blew up his carport last night. For talking! What makes you think colored people need your help? You white. Why you care? Maybe you just want to get her in trouble. Well it's a real Fourth of July picnic. It's what we dream a doing all weekend long, get back in they house to polish the silver. And we just love not getting minimum wage or Social Security. What law's gonna say you gotta be nice to your maid? And another thing, I don't want my children going to school with white kids. And I don't care a thing about votin.' Only thing black mens get elected to is Deacon of the church. You damn right I don't! You two givin' me the heart palpitations. All right...I'm gone do it. I just want to make sure you know this ain't no game we're playing here. Slide your chair out from under that table and face me. I want to see you square on at all times. I's got to come up with your questions, too?! Belzoni, Mississippi on my great- auntie's sofa. Next! I put the green beans in first, then I go on and get the pork chops going cause, mmm-mmm, I like my chops hot out the pan. "Oh, Minny, I'm gone give you a week paid vacation." Now, I ain't had no paid vacation in my life. A week later, I come back and they'd moved to Mobile. "Miss Lazy Fingers" scared I'd find a new job before she moved... We gots to get more maids! I like this "Sarah Ross." She can kvetch but not complain too much. And this "Bertha"...she's got chutzpah. I'll give her that. Eugenia, Martin Luther King just invited the country to march with him in D.C. this August. This many negroes and whites haven't worked together since "Gone with the Wind." I never said that. My advice is to write it fast before this civil rights thing blows over. I need it by New Year's, and don't send me anything more until you have twelve maids. At least. Aibileen and I done asked everbody we know. Thirty-one maids. Everbody too scared, think we crazy... I got plenty a stories, Miss Skeeter. Just write`em down and invent a maid that said it. We already making up everbody's name. Make up the maids, too. What can you cook? I can cook corn pone, boil potatoes, and do grits. We didn't have electric current where I was raised. Well, I reckon if there's anything you ought to know `bout cooking... It's this. The most important invention since they put mayonnaise in a jar. You don't even know the things you can do with this here can. How pretty. Looks like frosting. Shake that. This is fun! Looks so good! I'm starved. You supposed to eat in the dining room, Miss Celia. That how it works. Here, I'll take your plate in the dinin' room for ya. Want tea? I'm fine right here, Minny. I'm real grateful you're here. Miss Celia, you got a lot more to be grateful for than me. Mister Johnny?! Oh, no! Hide! Oh...It's just the florist. Johnny must have sent me flowers. Miss Celia, I ain't playin' around no more! He gone catch me here and shoot me dead right here on this no- wax floor! You gots to tell him. Ain't he wondering how the cooking so good? You're right. Maybe we ought to burn the chicken a little. Minny don't burn chicken. This is bound to work, Sweetie. It even smells expensive. How can you not know his last name? That's just so sweet of Hilly. The Shinolator! It cost eleven dollars. I'm a good mother. "The Miracle Straitening Cap" must remain on the head for two hours." I'll have Pascagoula bring you a magazine. You've shrunk five inches. You'll be able to wear heels tonight. You're not leaving this house in those awful, Mexican, man shoes. What time is he picking you up? We promised Carlton the Cadillac tonight. So, William's cousin will just have to come get you himself. It's hooked to the motor grader. Don't mope. Remember to smile! And, don't sit like some squaw Indian. Cross! Your! Ankles! I love you! Boys, we'll be right back. Y'all talk about quarterbacks or something. Yule May, get Miss Skeeter a Coca Cola. Skeeter, you don't even have on lipstick! Well...What do you think of him? Seven. Honey, you're beautiful. Just go on out there...you're gonna do great. It's your time, Skeeter. I just know it. "Roll Tide." We still love him. William! The Lieutenant Governor just walked in. We'd love your support on election day! Thank you, Johnny. Sweetie, we need to go order our dinners. Hilly, did you ever get the messages that I've been calling you? I did not. Well, I would love to help with the benefit. I have a lovely hand if you need invitations addressed. "Save the dates" were mailed weeks ago...You didn't get one? Mail's a lot slower way out there in the country, huh? Now, come on, before they run out of Trout Almondine. What'd we miss? Who? Is? Hungry? Run on, now, Yule May. Got a big crowd coming for Miss Leefolt's baby shower. Miss Hilly, I would like to ask you and Mister William something. Okay... We are short seventy-five dollars on one of the tuitions. Go on... Now...We're faced with having to choose. Which son gets to go...if we don't find all the money. That's not working for free, Yule May. That's paying off a debt. Yes, ma'am. As a Christian, I'm going to do you a favor. God doesn't give charity to those who are well and able. You need to come up with this money on your own. You'll thank me one day. That's her. Lord, she's trying to shop. Thanks, Doll! Miss Celia just don't see `em. The lines. Not between us, Miss Hilly, nobody. What you so quiet for? I know you got a opinion `bout all this. I ain't afraid a no philosophy. Oh, they there. I know. I get punished for crossing them. You know I ain't studying no line like that. So, I ain't crossing no line if I tell Miss Celia she ain't good enough for Miss Hilly? Tell her she ain't in Miss Hilly's league? Cause they happy. Myrlie got her a good man...And you better not try to say they ain't no line between her Medgar and my Leroy. Mae Mo hungry, Momma. She's always hungry. Aibileen, we gave that scraper to Hilly and William for their wedding present. Chantilly! Aibileen, are you enjoying your new bathroom over at Elizabeth's? Nice to have your own, isn't it? Separate but equal. That's what Ross Barnett says, and you can't argue with the Governor. Aibileen, did you know that me and Mister Holbrook arranged for that bathroom? Sent the boys over and the equipment, too. Well...You. Are. Welcome. May I get you something? I know what you want to ask, Miss Skeeter. Aibileen and Minny already did. Is that true, Yule May? Yes, Ma'am. Did you also ask Miss Skeeter if you could borrow money? Skeeter, I'm starting to think you're intentionally not putting my initiative in the newsletter. Skeeter...I'm sorry about your mother. And I know you must be so worried. But I'm worried about you. All this carrying on lately and now you're reading this stuff? I mean, around your friends is one thing...But, believe it or not, there are real racists in this town! If the wrong person caught you with this...you'd be in serious trouble. Skeeter! Don't panic, but there's a very tall man named Stuart here for you. Skeeter, love and hate are two horns on the same goat. And, you need a goat! Stuart, would you like a cocktail? What's your last name, Stuart? Hmm...Where are you from? Really? Well, I know a Whitworth from Natchez...But he's a Senator up in Washington. Who is? Really? Well...tell him I said "Hello"...I'm going to go see if Pascagoula needs some help in the kitchen. Me and Aibiee bafroom, Momma. It! Is! Not! This is dirty out here! You'll catch diseases. No! No! No! Martian? How big? What's his name? What did he look like? Why Aibee? Why was they so mean? Aibileen! Come on! We have to go help Hilly. Now! Come on! Look! Look, Aibee. Get out of here! Skeeter! She put it in the newsletter. I specifically said old coats are to be dropped at my house. Not commodes! She put it in the newsletter when she knew we'd be down at the beach. Go help those boys GET THOSE Aibileen! You okay? KKK shot him! Hour ago. Right in front a his children, Aibileen. We living in hell! We trapped. Our kids is trapped. Take your brother and sister and go get in my bed. Stay there! What they gone do to us if they catch us with Miss Skeeter? Hitch us to a pickup and drag us behind? Shoot me front a my kids? You a fool, old woman. A fool! I can't believe I'm on say this... But, I actually wish Leroy was home right now. You are sick. Do not speak to me. Do not look at me. Don't say hello to my children. How long had you been planning to humiliate my family? You thought you were so clever, didn't ya? But I've already installed three of those old toilets in people's garages. I intend to tell Stuart he's ruining his reputation by associating with you. Jolene's yard boy saw you hanging around the colored bus stop. I guess your car was in the shop? You know as well as I do, people won't buy so much as a slice of pound cake from an organization that harbors racial integrationists! "The Starving Children of Africa." Just so you know, Lou Ann Templeton has taken your seat at bridge club. Miss Celia? Miss Celia, you in here? Hello? You sick? You mess up your hair coloring again? I helped you fix it last time, got it back real pretty. Miss Celia! There's so much blood. Why is there so much blood this time? Please, Minny. Will you get it out? I can't look at it again. Keep your head down. We got married because I was pregnant. But it slipped out too. That's just God's way. Next one's gonna catch. Johnny wants kids now. I thought if I was real still, brought somebody in to do the house and cooking, maybe I'd hold on to this one. Oh, Minny, what's he gonna do with me? He gone have to get over this. He needs to know this takes time. He doesn't know about this one, or the one before... Minny, you know how to play bridge, don't you? Yes, ma'am. I used to help Missus Walters practice. Mae Mobley three! How old are you, Aibiee? Do you get burfdays? Do you have some babies? Where are the babies? Aibee...You're my real mama. I'm your real baby, Aibee. Those other ones are just pretend. Okay. First order of business. We're updating our newsletter. We're adding a fashion column with all the latest trends...Your dresses better be cute at next week's benefit! Now it's time to choose a new editor for our new modern monthly. I nominate Hilly Holbrook. Jolene, you're the sweetest thing! I'm so sorry. Honey, would you like me to drop you off at bridge club on the way to my doctor's appointment? Shhh! I...brought you a chocolate pie...My maid, Minny, made it. They made me stand there like the vacuum man. Why, Minny? Because they know about you getting knocked up by Mister Johnny. They mad you married one a they mens. Especially since Mister Johnny and Miss Hilly had just broke up, too. So, Hilly probably thinks I was fooling around with Johnny while they were still going steady. Missus Walters says Miss Hilly still sweet on Mister Johnny, too. No wonder! They don't hate me...They hate what they think I did! They hate you cause they think you're white trash! And don't be takin' pies to those women! Well, I'm just going to have to let Hilly know I'm not a boyfriend stealer. In fact, I'll tell her Friday night at the benefit. Now, Miss Celia...please don't be going to that benefit. Did you hear what I said? What are you doing? That looks bad. I got to get my work done. I know you didn't fall in the tub, Minny. Let me take a look. Hilly Holbrook been sent from the devil to ruirn all our lives. Please! A nigra walks in a pawn shop with a ring of such size and clarity. It took'em all of five minutes to figure out where she worked. I knew that girl was a thief the day she started. She had a lawyer. A white lawyer! But Miss Hilly friends with the judge's wife. Whole thing took two days. Arrested on Tuesday, in the state pen by Wednesday. I'm on help with your stories. I'm on help too. We all are. They doing this for Yule May. Been there thirty-eight years and Miss Margaret still makes me put my hair up in a rag. Say she know coloreds don't wash theys hair. But, I love her. She love me too. I had been workin' for Miss Jolene's mother up `til she died. Then her daughter, Miss Nancy, asked me to come work for her. Miss Nancy a real sweet lady. But her momma left it in the will that I had to work for her daughter, Miss Jolene. Miss Jolene a mean woman. Mean for sport. I tried to get another job, but in everbody mind, the French family and Miss Jolene owned me. I used to take a shortcut ever day to work at Doctor Dixon's house. Cut through this farmer's lower forty to get there. One day, that farmer was waitin' on me with a gun, said he'd shoot me dead if I walk on his land again. Doctor Dixon went and paid that farmer double for two a those acres. Told him he `bout to start farmin' too. But he bought it just for me. So I could get to work easy. He did. All these colored women have been real nice, haven't they? Well, they hate you. You know this? Every little thing about you. But you're so dumb, you think you're doing them a favor. You know the nicest thing a white woman's ever done for me? Gave me the heel of her bread. These women are playing a trick on you. They'll never tell you the truth! Say it, lady, say the word you think every time one us stands in front of you. Nigger. You just as dumb as she is. Morning, Sleepy Head. I thought you could take me to the doctor this morning and then we could get some lunch afterwards. (looking at toe) Or...we could...go straight to Fanny Mae's for a girl day. When did Stuart leave last night? Well, I hope he knows he's welcome to stay in Carlton's old room. "Bird in the hand," Eugenia. Bird. In. The. Hand... No...So I been thinking...Maybe we need us some insurance. I told God I'd never speak of it again. But we got no choice. It's time...Time to tell you both "the terrible awful" I did to Miss Hilly. It might be the only thing to protect us. Nobody wanted to hire a sass- mouthing, thieving nigra, did they? Pie's as good as always, Minny. I'm glad you like it. If...I take you back, I'll have to cut your pay five dollars a week. Take me back? What do you put in here that makes it taste so good? That good vanilla from Mexico... And...something else real special. No, Missus Walters. That Miss Hilly's special pie. Momma can have a piece. Cut her one. Eat my shit. What did you say? I said eat my shit! Have you lost your mind?! No. But you're about to, `cause you just did. Did what? Well, Hilly, that's what you get, I guess. And you didn't just eat one. You ate two slices! No! I never planned to tell her! I just wanted to see her take a bite and leave so I could be done with her. Forever! She was never supposed to ask me back. And, then for less pay! That got me even madder. And, then she went slid that pie at me. Oh lord! That was it! I just lost control, Aibileen...you know how I get, now. So, before I knew it, it just came on out my mouth...and I had tolt her what was in that pie. I've asked God to forgive me. But, more for what happened to poor Missus Walters. Miss Hilly threw her in that nursing home just for laughing. We need insurance! Hilly Holbrook can't never let people know that pie story is about her. Right! But don't you see? Miss Hilly gone go to her grave convincing people this book ain't about Jackson. Then we safe, insured! You brought me into this, and I'm on finish it! Either put it in or pull my parts out all together. The last editor's meeting is December 17th. If you want a chance of this getting read, I need it in my hands by then. Otherwise it goes in The Pile. You don't want it in The Pile. And you must get a piece in about the domestic who raised you. It'll add something personal to it. This is Jolene French reporting from the African Children's Benefit Ball, and I'm here with League President Miss Hilly Holbrook. Thanks, Jolene... Bosoms are for bedrooms and breast- feeding. Not occasions of dignity. Do you think I might have overdressed a little? It's supposed to be formal, but this looks like a funeral. Look what she got on. And that's the man that don't even know he's paying me. Hilly can throw her in a home, but she can't keep the taxis away. Well, hello, Elizabeth. Hi. Those are lovely dresses. Yours too. Really?! I was worried I was a tad overdressed. Oh, no. You're just perfect. Everybody enjoying their dinner? Let's give a nice round of applause for all the men and women that have helped make tonight possible. A cause I'm sure is dear to their hearts as well. Woo-hoo! And have my stomach poke out?! Why, Johnny Foote. I'm surprised to see you here. Everybody knows you can't stand parties like this. Where is that wife of yours? Out selling hotdogs? Oh, you know I'm teasing you. We dated long enough where I can do that, can't I? Stuart. I've got the list of winners! I hope you enjoy your new set of tires, Missus Atwell. Now, on to the baked goods. Oh, yum! Yum! The highest bid in baked goods goes to Minny Jackson's chocolate pie. Congratulations, Hilly Holbrook! What? I didn't bid on anything. Well, wasn't that sweet. Someone signed me up for that pie. Congratulations, Hilly! I didn't know you're a fan of Minny's pies. I've wanted to talk to you all night. Minny told me why you won't be my friend. You think me and Johnny went behind your back. Let me go! I'm so sorry. What are you trying to do to me? What are you and that nigra up to? I don't know what you- -You liar! Who did you tell?! Hilly, I got pregnant after you and Johnny broke up! Oh, shit. Shut up, Mother. Johnny never cheated on you...At least, not with me. Johnny would never- And I'm sorry I thought you'd be tickled to win that pie. You tell that nigra if she tells anybody, I will make her suffer. Uh-oh. Get that cleaned up before it starts to smell. That big-boobed lady Momma works for was drunker than an Injun on payday. Upchucked in front a everbody! Don't you never let me hear you talking bad about the lady who puts food in your mouth. Clothes on your back! You hear me? You do it all the time. Just come on home and stay with us tonight, Mother. No thanks, I got a pie to eat. You throw that pie away right now! I spent good money on this. Won it just for you... You?! You signed me up? I may have trouble remembering my own name and what country I live in. But there's two things I can't seem to forget. That my own daughter threw me in a nursing home...And that she ate Minny's shit. Ain't Mister Johnny gone wonder how dinner got on the table if you laid up in bed? The way Hilly looked at me. Like I was trash on the road. She billed me for her dress. In lieu of payment, she's asked that I send two-hundred dollars to the African Children's Fund and then she banned me from all future League events. She don't count. Don't judge yourself by the way she see you. I'm not right for this kind of life, Minny. I don't need a dinner table for twelve people. I couldn't get two people over here if I begged. She called me a liar and accused me of getting her that pie. I wouldn't have thrown up if it wasn't for that! I can't do this anymore to Johnny. I'm going back to Sugar Ditch. You gone leave your husband cause you threw up at some party? Lord, I reckon it's time you knew. Miss Hilly thought you knew `bout "The Terrible Awful," that you were making fun a her. It's my fault she pounced on you. But if you leave Mister Johnny, then Miss Hilly done won the whole ball game. Then she done beat me, and she done beat you. Thank you. For telling me that. I remember hiding with Miss Lilia in a steamer trunk while Yankee soldiers stomped through Master's house. We were both four. Eighty- five years later she died in my arms. We's were friends `til the end. Her grandson still pays my rent. Buys all my groceries too. Now we just wait and see? Hopin' Missus Stein publish it? What story you got left to type? Have you been crying? You know that ages your skin, Dear. Oh, Eugenia. That was so long ago. Now, you look. I was good to Constantine. Oh, she talked back plenty of times, and I put up with it. But, Skeeter, she didn't give me a choice... Watch out! Get a hold of yourself, Constantine! I told her she couldn't work here anymore and to go on home. I didn't mean to. I was upset. I didn't know what else to do. I didn't throw her away, Skeeter. Your daddy went to her house the very next day to give her her job back. But she had already moved to Chicago. Left everything behind. Please don't do this to me, Skeeter. I feel terrible. And you have to remember, they're not like us. They are different. And you idolized her too much! You always have! We finally found the address of her daughter in Chicago...so we sent Carlton up there to go get Constantine. When he got there...she was dead, Eugenia. I'm so sorry, Honey. I knew you'd blame me...when it wasn't my fault. It just happened, and it was so unfortunate. I'm sorry, Eugenia. Two weeks. Come on, Miss Celia! Get out a that bed and let me in. It's twelve noon. I did all the shopping just like you asked. Well, look at you, Miss Celia. What's all this? I cooked it all by myself. I wanted to do something special. I wanted to say "thank you." Greens got just the right amount a hock taste to `em. That's a good pot liquor, Miss Celia. Who taught you to cook like this? Corn bread's happy now. Are you happy, Minny? Why you ask such a funny question? Are you? A course I's happy. You happy too. Big house, big yard, good husband. You know, if I were you, I'd give it right back to him. I'd hit him over the head with a skillet and tell him to go straight to hell... Maybe I will. I almost forgot the dessert. Why are you frowning, Jolene? You don't look cute that way. Look how cute that dress is. It's not Jackson! It's a disgrace to the South! A disgrace to good Southern women who've spent their lives taking care of their help. I know I personally treat my help like family, and every one of my friends does the same. Do not buy this book! Ladies of Jackson, do not support slander with your husband's hard earned- Don't cut her off like that. What's that book called, Aibileen? `One-arm-Earnestine' said Miss Leefolt brought a copy over to Miss Hilly in less than a hour. She better read it quick and start the "this ain't Jackson crusade." Oh, she gone read it. Especially after that man made such a stink on the tee-vee. She gone read it. Skeeter?! Come in here, please. Come here, Eugenia. I want to tell you something. You go first. Finally! Of course. He had to ask Daddy for your hand. What did you do?! Young lady, I'm talking to you! Stuart'll come around. It's a funny dance. (points to Robert ) Took this one a year. Anyway, my news. After a long talk with your daddy, I've made a decision. My health's been on the uptick these past few weeks. And I know the doctor says it's some kind of last But, as I said, I made a decision. I have decided not to die. Too late. I tried calling Fanny Mae's so I could make your hair appointments for the next twenty years, but they wouldn't allow it. I certainly can't leave you now. Momma, there's a white man at our door! Who there? Please don't hurt me! My babies are in the house. I don't know about that. You knew I was there? I couldn't make you eat anymore corn pone, Mister Johnny. So I ain't losing my job? I heard that Betty character might be Charlene. It's not Jackson, and that book is garbage. I bet the whole thing's made up by some nigra. Well, yes...But that's not odd is it? Happens all the time, right? The book is NOT ABOUT JACKSON! You spilled some, Aibileen. Get me a new plate. One you haven't soiled with a dirty cloth. We late? Looks like Bible study done already started. Honey, we clappin' for you. We did something. We did something good. That real good, Miss Skeeter. You ain't got nothing left here but enemies in the Junior League. You done burned ever bridge there is. And you ain't never gone get another man in this town, and ever body know it. So don't walk your white butt to New York, RUN IT! And you listen to me. I'm on take care a Aibileen, and she gone take care a me. Don't you get an inch closer! I've contacted my lawyer, Hibbie Goodman. He's the best libel attorney in Mississippi. You're in big trouble, Missy. And you're going to jail. I one-hundred-percent know you wrote it `cause nobody else in town is as tacky as you. Those nigras of yours are in a lifetime of trouble. I don't, do I? You tell Aibileen, the next time she wants to write about my dear friend Elizabeth...uh- huh. Remember her? Had you in her wedding? Let's just say, Aibileen ought to've been a little bit smarter before putting in the L- shaped crack in poor Elizabeth's dining table. And that nigra, Minny? Do I have plans for her. That was not me WHO ATE THAT PIE! I've come to tell your mother what a hippie you've become. She's gonna be disgusted by you. Why, Hilly...It's been such a long time, Dear. Everything okay, you two? Missus Phelan, I'm...I'm here to- Hilly, you're a mess. Are you ill? Well, I...I didn't have time to get fixed up before- Darling, no husband wants to come home and see this. And that...that is horrendous. Missus Phelan, I'm here- You know, Hilly. If I didn't know any better, I'd say you've been eating too many...SWEETS? In fact. I'm sure of it. Now GET OUT OF MY HOUSE...before we all get one of those on our lip. Do you have plans tomorrow? Bible study? Anything like that? Good. We're going shopping. `Cause no single daughter of mine is going to New York, representing the great state of Mississippi, without a proper cosmopolitan wardrobe. I'm very proud of you, Eugenia. A friend of Constantine's told me. Would you do me the honor of signing my copy? They fired Leroy last night! And when Leroy ask why, his boss say Mister Holbrook told him to do it. Said his nigger wife the reason. He try to kill me with he bare hands! He threw the kids in the yard, lock me in the bathroom, and say he gone set the house on fire. The gas station. I climbed out the window, and we all ran here. Wait, Aibileen...I'm pregnant. I hear you... Aibileen, the silver I lent Elizabeth last week. When you returned it, three pieces were missing out of the felt wrapper. A fork and two spoons. You know as well as I do that silver's not in the kitchen. Do you hear her, Elizabeth? She's trying to blame it on a toddler. She says she doesn't have them. Then it behooves me to inform you that you are fired, Aibileen. And I'll be calling the police. They know me. Aibee, my froat hurts. Elizabeth can take care of her child. I'll go get the couch syrup. I won't tolerate liars! I'm not talking about silver. I'm talking about those things you wrote about Elizabeth. Maybe I can't send you to jail for what you wrote, but I can send you to jail for being a thief. And your friend, Minny? That nigra's got a nice surprise coming to her. Johnny Foote listens to what I say. She's as good as- Nobody would believe something you wrote. Get out of here! Don't go, Aibiee! Noooo! Don't go, Aibee. Please don't leave. Why? Are you going to take care of another little girl? Noooo! To wipe my bottom good? You is kind. You is smart. You is important. You need to go now, Aibileen! Aibeeeee! Don't go! 