There's still plenty of applesauce boys. It's OK dear. He just needs time. It's his first day back tomorrow. Lets try and be patient. One thing at a time dear. One thing at a time. Cerisola? Cimino? Cody? Cooper? Early? Edgerton? Fletcher? Forney. TJ Forney's back. Welcome back, TJ. Hi, pumpkin. How was your day? Why sweetheart? Do I look like I'm sitting in darkness here? Maybe I need new glasses? Actually, I don't even know if these are mine. Geez, I don't know. Jesus, I don't know. You know my mother always told me that I'd damage my eyes if I read by poor light and I always think about that when I'm reading, but I've gotten this far, so why am I still worrying about it? Why am I even reading? There's something more I need to learn? I guess there's always something more to learn. Is is your dad up yet? Well, you know, sometimes people get knocked off course a little when bad things happen. But they come good in the end. Here's some milk to wet your whistle. Take some applesauce, sweetheart. TJ, would you please pass me the salt? Did you know that when Albert Einstein interviewed people for a job, he would take them out for lunch and if they put salt on their food before tasting it, he would not give them the job. I've always liked that. If we consider that dreams serve a metaphoric function in narrative fiction, as they do in life, what metaphoric function would you suggest the dreams here are serving? Leave him alone! What are you doing?! Are you alright? I don't think so. Am I? I can't believe he called me lady. Do I look like a lady to you? Thanks. I mean do I look old? Well anyway, at least I can say I've been in a fight. I can't believe he called me lady. Oh shit. Ah, fuck it. Hey, so I'm kinda like a hero now, aren't I? Well actually, I basically just didn't want to have to go home and then spend the rest of the day feeling bad about the fact that I didn't help you and then hear about you on the news being beat to death in the parking lot. So you know, really I'm just - I did it for me. I'm just selfish. And I'm sorry, I'm sorry I'm like that. Oh, gas station. Whoaaa... sorry, sorry. Perfect landing. You like black or red? Black? Really? Are you sure? OK. Red it is. It's super sour isn't it? You don't have to eat it if you don't like it. I know, that's the point. I used to hate this crazy sour stuff, I don't know what happened. I just recently acquired a taste for it. I don't even really know what's in it, but I pretty much eat it all the time. And I'm sure it's making me fat. I just don't want to end up like those fat old ladies you sometimes see, you know, the really fat ones? I don't know why I'm telling you this. Anyway, I was secretly hoping that you loved these - So you could eat 'em for me. But now I can see you don't like em' and I'm kinda glad cuz it means more for me. I guess I'm sort of a hypocrite in a way. Hey! You want your bike? Hi, TJ. What you doing around the back? Your Dad's gone to the supermarket, honey. Everything OK? I'm gonna make a cake. Do you remember my cherry cake story? I used to make a cherry cake all the time and it always came out just wonderful. One time I invited my doctor and his wife and I wanted to make an impression. I asked him to come see your dad in a play and he came and I said, 'would you like to come back to the house?' And he said, or his wife said, 'yes they'd like to come back.' So earlier that day I made a cherry cake and I used a - I didn't know it till afterwards, I used a new product - instead of Crisco, I used Fluffo. They never made it again that Fluffo. Oh, of course honey. Hello there. Does your friend want to eat some dinner dear? Are you sure? That's great honey, it's nice having a bit of music in the house again. Is he a new friend? You know your grandfather played the harmonica for many years. Hesher, would you like a glass of orange juice. Morning, TJ. Oh, I'm sorry, honey. We're out of milk. I can cook you up some eggs if you like, dear. Would you like to come for a walk with me today? No, I mean later. This afternoon. OK, honey. Hi Sir, how are you today? Oh, hey. How's it goin'? Oh my god. That's so sweet, thanks. Oh, OK. Thanks. See ya. (to next customer) Hi. - and his wife said, yes they'd like to come back to the house.' So earlier that day I made a cherry cake and I used a new product - I didn't know it till afterwards- I used Fluffo. They never made it again that Fluffo. It was an imitation brand. I served the cake and there was silence. And then - You put the cake in your mouth and it stuck to the roof of your mouth. They could hardly swallow it. Hi sweetheart. So who's coming for a walk with me tomorrow morning? TJ? Ok, well you're always invited. He's right TJ, it'd be very good for you to get some fresh air. Why would anyone rape me? OK, so welcome everyone to the Transformational Grief Group. My name is Meryl. We should start off by going around the circle and introducing ourselves and briefly explaining why we are here. Hi Miss, would you please start us off? We are the Bolder family. I am Coleen and this is my husband Jack. Our daughter Cynthia was murdered last year. (she chokes a bit) She was the victim of a violent attack that was unfair and sick. We are here because we need help. We lost our baby and we are broken. Thank you, Coleen and Jack. Welcome. (to Dad and TJ) Sir. OK, great. Welcome, Paul. TJ? Would you like to introduce yourself, say a few words to the group? OK. That's OK. (to the person next to TJ) Nicholas, would you like to introduce yourself to the group? Hi, honey. How was your special group? Hey, get back here! I'm sorry. I didn't - Sometimes, you know, a day is bad and then when you think it couldn't get any worse you suddenly discover whole new ways it can get worse. No, thanks. Was that some kind of perverted metaphor for me? About how I should just step back and let things work themselves out? What the hell was that? What? Are you OK? Who's that guy? We're where? What was that back there? That other house? What the fuck!? Yeah, and now I'm wet. Cut it out. So, how do you know this guy? What, like he's renting a room or something? Do you realize that the equivalent to you flicking that ant would be like one of us getting hit in the face by a giant wrecking ball at 100 miles an hour and getting thrown into the next yard? Do you think the other ants are gonna wonder where that ant's gone? Do you think their gonna miss her? Jesus Christ. Did he just leave us? I think we should get out of here. So, what's his name? Hesher?... Is that a name? Does he have a last name? How old is he? Do you know anything about him? That was so lucky you guys were behind me when that guy got all mad about his car. I was freaking out. I don't really have any insurance right now. I just can't afford it. There's no way I could afford to fix that guy's car. How do people do this stuff? I mean, I have a job. It's kind of a joke though. I've been there for like a year and I'm still only doing like five hours a week. Why aren't they giving me any more hours? Do you think it's because they think I suck? Did you think I sucked when I served you at the checkout? I don't even get paid enough to really cover my rent. I'm gonna have to start selling shit pretty soon. The sad thing is I could actually use it. Oh, no. Please tell me that's not a ticket... Fuck, fuck, fuck it. Ah, shit. Fuck it. What have I done to deserve this chain reaction of shit all the time? Sometimes I wonder if I were to die right now, if anyone would care, or even notice. That's nice of you to say, but I doubt it. Please don't call me lady. Let's get out of here. You wanna steer or push? Hi TJ. Boys please, I'm not feeling well. Did I miss something? Those boys have been through a lot. Sometimes I wonder if they're ever gonna smile again I just wish there was something more I could do. Thank you, dear. I don't know, dear. A worm? I don't know. I'm going to lie down. I'm not feeling well. I'm very nauseated. Figure what out, dear? No, not yet dear. Can you do me a favor? Will you please hand me that red tin on the cabinet dear? What? Oh, I'm feeling very nauseated. They're medical cigarettes that help me with the nausea. Will you light a match for me, dear? What is that? Umm, OK. Oh, wow... That was a big one. I think I'm OK, dear. Honey, how old are you? I don't know. You seem a little older than TJ. Oh, stop it. Aren't you a little old to be hanging around TJ all the time? No, I'm his grandmother. Actually, there's no limit to the food items that you can even think of that a snake might eat. Whatever is available in abundance would become the prey for the snakes. Depending on their growth, their diet - They do eat mice. A lot of times snakes eat other snakes because they're the right shape - So is TJ the mouse? Well then, what am I? No, I'm a grandmother. Oh, that's nice. Where are you going? Oh, OK, well have a nice time. I'll see you when you get back. Ohh, OK, caauuse iii... Teej, c'mon sweetheart. We have to go. We're going to be late. We'll eat it in the car. Honey, will you grab the present? We'll take my car. That's a great idea. I'll be sure to let them know that our dirty old microwave is a gift from you. Honey, they're my friends. Please. A microwave and a bottle of scotch is hardly a lot of presents. Sure honey. How about some oldies? Honey? I came to see you. I wanted to tell you something. I didn't know if I should come here or not, but I couldn't stop thinking about it. I thought maybe if I came you'd still just be really angry at me and hate me, but then I thought if I didn't you'd think I didn't care and you'd hate me anyway, so I figured I might as well come, just in case, so here I am. I want to apologize. I feel bad about what happened. I didn't take your feelings into consideration - Yes it does. It does to me. I like you, TJ. We're friends. I understand if you don't want to be my friend. I didn't mean to hurt your feelings. Sometimes I just... I don't know. I just wanted to come around and say all that, but maybe you still hate me and so it doesn't matter, but I just came round to say that, but I've said it now, so I should just go. So, OK, bye. It's OK. It's OK. But I'm a prostitute? I did not know Madeleine long enough, but from the moment I moved into the neighborhood so many years ago, she treated me as though I was part of the family. TJ, I think you should say something. 