Daniel, what's wrong? Did you break your ankle? But as she turns him over, she sees the light leaking from between his fingers and reels back. Oh my God. He stares up into the crowd's fearful faces, then staggers to his feet and takes off running. Here we are. Home sweet home. They scan the faded interior. The place is in desperate need of a makeover. A grandfather clock pensively TICKS at the end of the hall. Annie remains relentlessly optimistic. First impressions? I feel your pain. I have a daughter his age. Apparently, I ruin her life on a daily basis. John steps back in, holding a sun-faded poster featuring NFL great Bernie Kosar. I told the handyman to patch that before you arrived. I'm so sorry. We'll knock it off the rent. Keep the poster, Bernie Kosar brings good luck here in the Buckeye State. He's really well-trained. How long have you had him? John turns away. No worries. He begins walking towards the entrance. You just moved into the house on Old Mill Road. It's John, right? Don't worry, I'm not stalking you. My mom said she rented it to a guy with a son my age. Since I know every other face on this quad, that had to be you. I'm Sarah. He nods. Where are you from? I don't think that qualifies as an actual answer. Capturing your first day, even though you're technically six weeks late. Afraid the camera's going to steal your soul? She lifts the viewfinder to her eye, adjusts focus. Annoyed, he covers the lens with his hand. It's only for the yearbook. John regains his composure. How'd you do it? Her accusation startles him. Eviscerate the entire senior class? She pulls a strip of overexposed 35mm film from her coat. I was in the darkroom before lunch and they were hanging on the line smiling and looking forward to the future. When I got back, I found 15 rolls of negatives wiped clean. John shrugs innocently. So you weren't in the darkroom today? Here's a tip. If you're going to lie, don't leave a big red backpack at the scene of the crime. She swings his backpack into view. John is mortified. He struggles to find a plausible answer and silently tries to quell the feeling welling in his chest. Digital sucks. Film tells the truth. Clearly, I'm not going to get that from you. He watches as she angrily heads down the steps and climbs into her car. John glances at his palms and is surprised to find they are dimly luminescent. disappearing into a room at the end. He's torn, then makes a decision and does something he shouldn't -- he strides down the hall after her. I think you have the wrong room. She rises, walks past him and begins searching the photos scattered on the layout table in the middle of the space. Does the apology come with an explanation? He turns to go, has his hand on the door when -- Wait. He looks back. Her face softens. How about we delete Monday and start over? She steps forward and extends her hand. I'm Sarah. Nice gloves. She crosses to the board, reaches down to lift it when John steps behind her. Curse of a small town. I've been around them my whole life. (pointing to photo) Kim Thomas. She peed in her bed at a sleepover when we were seven. Neil Bailey. President of the Debate Club. Plays five instruments. Doesn't know he's gay yet. Mrs. Ross. AP English. She's been here so long, she taught my mom and my four brothers. I'm the baby of the family in case you were wondering. Her curious eyes scour his face. So what's your story? Determined to keep the mystery alive, aren't you? His finger arrows in on a photograph of Sarah. It's a candid and she's taking a shot with her trademark Nikon. Okay. Recovering cheerleader. Wannabe vegetarian but I still love burgers. Dreams of being a photojournalist. I've never actually admitted that last one to anybody before. You ever feel you don't belong in your own life? Wow. That almost sounded like a straight answer. They look at each other. There's a charged silence. The moment is broken when -- I thought you were on two-a-days. John was helping me move some boards. John turns to Sarah. I don't have time for this, Mark. You were following me? You've crossed so many lines I can't even speak to you right now. She hustles out of the room. Mark glares at John. I heard about the lockers. I'm sorry. I broke up with Mark. He stops, slowly turns back. I've been thinking about doing it for a while... today just finally pushed me over the edge. I don't know. Halloween Block Party's tonight. I'll be on Main Street hiding behind my camera if you want to swing by. He says nothing. I wasn't expecting an actual response. I could text you later. Do they have cell phones on Planet John? She holds out her phone. John looks at it tentatively, then takes it. As he inputs his number, he hears the BLARE of a car horn, looks up and sees Henri waiting in his SUV. You made it. (re: Sam's shirt) Like the T-shirt, Sam. What do you think of Halloween in Paradise? John regards a particularly over-the-top float. Well, you haven't had the full experience until you've been on the Haunted Hayride. Give me a sec. She steps to the face-painting booth. It's sponsored by the local realtor who is Sarah's mom, Annie. Sarah hands Annie her camera. Sam whispers to John. You guys ready? Sam's cool. I haven't really talked to him since 8th grade. Mark had a tight circle. If you weren't a jock or cheerleader, you didn't exist. Me too. OFF their growing connection... Not even a flinch. None of this scares you, does it? You can smile. I was starting to have my doubts. She takes his hand. They CLATTER past a series of grisly Once we make it through, we're home free. That was insane. Just part of the ride. He turns, sees a flash of purple light and hears the rustle of HEAVY FOOTSTEPS on all sides. Let go! Stop it! John tries to stand, but a boot CRACKS him in the ribs. Another strikes the side of his face. He is surrounded. His attackers are brutal and unrelenting. Over the LOOPING SOUNDTRACK OF B-MOVIE NOISES, Sarah's muffled SCREAMS DIM. Let go of me! She futilely tries to wrestle free. Are you crazy! Where's John? Mark nods the Zombie Jocks away. I swear if you hurt him -- Get out of my face, Mark, you're pathetic. John! Are you okay? He nods. Mark looks past him, confused. John! Stop! Mark is in real pain. Transfixed with anger, John keeps twisting. Sarah looks at him, pleading. That's his throwing arm! But he doesn't stop until she finally steps forward and slaps him across the face. Startled, John lets go. Football's all he's got. John stumbles back, ashamed, and heads into the woods. Sarah offers Mark a look of disgust and follows after John. John! Wait. Sarah catches up. I'm sorry, I didn't want you to break his arm. I had no idea Mark would pull something like that. He has seriously gone off the deep end. That's not love. Their eyes meet in the moonlight. Walk me home? This is me. John stares at the dozen jack-o'-lanterns arranged on the porch. They glare back with flickering bucktooth grins. I know. Wait until the Christmas decorations go up. My mom decks the halls with so many lights, you can see our house from space. Stray TRICK-OR-TREATERS race past. She motions to the cut above his eye, concerned. You should see a doctor. You're not going to tell me how you took out those football players, are you? I really don't get you. She steps closer. But I feel like I can trust you. Good night. Sarah swings open the white picket gate. I don't see any family pictures around. I guess the photo aversion is hereditary. He greets the observation with a shrug. She carries on. Your mom... grandparents. Is there anyone else in your life? I'm sorry. I get the feeling he doesn't like me very much. Thanksgiving's tomorrow. Why don't you bring your dad and celebrate with us? A tsunami of relatives. But don't worry, I'll shield you from the wave. Besides, I want everyone to meet you. She playfully splashes him. Their faces inch closer. They begin making out hot and heavy until Henri suddenly walks in. I better hit the road. See you tomorrow. Twoish. Bye, Mr. Smith. OFF John as she hustles out... Come on, we're on gravy-boat duty. You look dazed. I'm glad you came. They tenderly kiss until Annie bustles in carrying a steaming bowl of mashed potatoes. Don't mind me. She puts the bowl on the table and grabs Sarah's camera. Let's get a picture of you two lovebirds. Sarah cringes as Annie lifts the camera to her eye. Mom. No. John really doesn't like having his -- I'll see what's taking him so long. John! He looks back. appears in the corner of his viewfinder. She's kneeling by Frank's severed head which has rolled a short distance from the body. The Photographer pulls the camera away from his eye and looks at the Teen Girl, confused. Where is he, Sam? What happened last night? I've tried calling him all day. But his number's no longer in service. I'm not going anywhere until you tell me what's going on. Little late for dessert. She's not here. Some friends dragged her to a party at Mark Jayne's. John absorbs this news, turns. Annie steps out after him. I don't usually pry into my daughter's love life, I certainly didn't want my mother in mine -- but Sarah's my youngest and she's special to me. John! No. Not good enough. Sam said you were never coming back. What are you doing here? So it's true. What's going on? What kind of trouble are you and your dad in? Damnit! Whatever it is, I'll understand -- just tell me the truth. Why are you acting like this? Safe from what? He turns away, shields her from his torment. Went back for Dozer. Another EXPLOSION rocks. A COUPLE of drunk Jocks CHEER. John looks back at the house. The fire has taken hold with incredible speed. The living room curtains are ABLAZE. John! Dozer's under the bed. He's too scared to come out! John strides forward, grips the bed with one hand and effortlessly hoists it. Sarah looks at him, amazed, then scrambles forward and gently scoops Dozer into her arms. John puts the bed back down. You walked through that fire without getting burned. I saw you stop that beam. SIRENS wail in the distance. I'm sorry. I'm still trying to process everything I saw and I keep coming to the same conclusion -- what you did isn't possible. Who are you? (off his hesitation) For once please tell me the truth. It's the hardest thing he's ever had to do. I don't care. I just want to be with you. There's something I want to give you first. So you'll always remember me. With exquisite tenderness they kiss. John's palms shimmer. The intensity of the luminescence builds with their rising passion. They sink to the floor and the light crescendos in an ethereal flash that BLEACHES OUT THE FRAME. Hello. She listens, then hands John the phone. It's Henri. The gym, there's a tunnel under the stage. We're invisible. John realizes, turns to Six. What are you doing with them? The gym's this way. A projectile HISSES past John's ear and DETONATES a row of lockers -- BOOOOOM! -- it's like an incendiary grenade. The paint blisters off the lockers as they are consumed by FIRE. Where's John? Oh my God... John. Before anyone can stop her, she takes off running, sprinting for the stadium. John! She charges across the broiled expanse, hoping against hope. Then she sees John, lying motionless and naked, his clothes completely burned away. She stops, puts her hand to her mouth to stifle a sob, when he COUGHS and stirs. John! Ash swirls like snow as she races to his side. They wrap each other in their arms. Neither wanting to ever let go. Sorry, Girl Scout first aid didn't cover extraterrestrial dagger wounds. Six smiles, grateful. I want to come too. Why? I don't want to say goodbye. When? 