So Paul, tell me something I don't know...tell me what's gonna happen on the 15th. What? I'm asking you. If had to say, I'd say it'll be close, but you'll eke it out. So what's gonna happen? Nine? There's no way you'll win by nine. (To PAUL) So you're certain you're gonna win here? You just said you'll win by nine. So you're saying there's a good chance you won't win. So Stephen... Stephen, Stephen, Stephen.... Paul's going to the airport? Getting on a plane. Where is that plane going? Not going back to headquarters. He's not going to Texas? What if I said North Carolina? He's going to North Carolina. I knew it. Now tell me why. I hate you. I love Paul. You I hate. Sexual favors? If it meant a good scoop my fiance would understand. You really buy into all this crap? All this take back the country nonsense? You really have drunk the kool-aid. Or what? The world will fall apart? It won't matter...Not one bit to the everyday lives of everyday fuckers who work and eat and sleep and get up and go back to work again. If your boy wins...You get a job in the white house...If he loses you're back at a consulting firm on K Street...That's it. You used to know that before you got all goosebumpy about this guy. Morris is a politician...He's a nice guy...They're all nice guys.IDA He will let you down...sooner or later. What? Seriously? My lips are sealed. He's gonna endorse? That's huge. He's said publicly he's not gonna endorse anyone. So this is for real? When are you gonna announce? Ben wanted me to get you to sign off on this before the staff meeting. Anything interesting? White paper? So like what sort of negative stuff? Which paper? So it's something big? Well that's what you're good at, right? (Holding up her phone) Did you get your phone? It's exciting isn't it? A what? Oh no...I'm not from here...I worked with you in Iowa actually. My hair? No.. Not at all...you're the big man on campus...I'm just a lowly intern. Sure it is...you get to stay at the Millennium, they put us into a motel on the other side of the river. Now you're starting to see. We do have the better bar though. You ought to stop by one night and have a drink with the worker bees. Tonight's good... Yeah it's quiet. Well you have my number. Programmed right there in your phone. Under Mary. Molly...my name's Molly... Be right back. Stephen you have a call on three, your dad. California for Super Tuesday. I know...you guys needed a lot more help over there. Because the pay is so good. My dad is Jack Stearns. He's an asshole but he's your boss. You don't work for the Democratic National Committee? Don't tell my dad that. Never. Nine AM...I'm showing the new interns how to robo call...you see...I'm the experienced intern. How old are you? Thirty? I'm sorry, how old are you? How old do you think I am? Twenty. Too young to fuck a thirty year old? Where your hotel is? You have a car? I don't drive. I have the keys to the campaign bus... Do you want me to go? You seem busy...I should go. Steve? We can talk about it later if... The cleaning lady. You called me the cleaning lady. No why would I be mad? Look. I'll tell him you said that. You said you wanted to talk to me about something? I won't tell anyone about last night. Really wouldn't look good if you screwed an intern. Steven, you don't have to say anything. Well you are kind of a player, but that's okay. Bullshit...you were trying to pick me up. You were pretty obvious about it. Totally. You were pretty forward. Well...I've been trying to fuck you for a while. Pretty slutty of me, huh? Good. No no not a clue. For a teenager. This is all the car rental companies in Northern Ohio...they've booked every single van for Tuesday... I called and we can get a hundred vans out of Covington and Newport Kentucky. What're you writing? The bar is awfully high on that one. I got hit up by Mitchell's wife for you to show up at her "Daughters of the American Revolution" luncheon. Congressman from the first district. You might want to remember that. No I can't. Lets just do this one more time. That's it. You think we'll lose Ohio? If you took Thompson's delegates the race is over. Ohio wouldn't matter. (Shaking her head) Stephen. They are good. Is Thompson so bad? Worse than Pullman? You've got great hair. Really? I don't know? You answered it? I don't know... Oh that never happens...let me see the number... (Still waiting for it) Stephen... No! Gimme my phone Stephen! (Getting more urgent) Don't do that Stephen... Hang up! I'm in trouble... I was working on the campaign in Iowa...we had a party in Ben's room after the rally in Des Moines... No he wasn't there. I took him up a hard copy of the polling numbers... (Shaking her head yes) About midnight I guess...I stood in the doorway with him...we were talking...a long time...then he just reached behind me and closed the door. Not that drunk... Just that once. No. I know! I called him first. Because I didn't know who to go to...and I needed nine hundred bucks... I can't go to my dad...We're catholic. So what should I do? Okay. Stevie ... off the record ... That's not what I wanted to ask you about. You met with Duffy. A little bird. Did you meet with him? I know you met with him at a little bar in Cincy, two nights ago, just before the press conference. Duffy ordered buffalo wings. Anonymous. What happened with Duffy? Wait wait wait -is that what you thought? That we were friends? You're right -you've given me a lot. But let's get real here Steve. The only reason you ever treated me well was that I work for the Times. Not because I was your friend. You give me what I want, I write you better stories. Don't pretend it's any more than that. Why'd you meet with Duffy? Okay, I'll make it easier on you. Forget Duffy. What happened at Paul and Thompson's meeting? Of course I do. That's why I'm giving you a choice here. So it's not a difficult choice, is it? I've got to file by three p.m.IDA tomorrow. You've got till then to make up your mind. Shit, you scared me. Yes. You mean I can't be here. But I would never tell anyone... Then why? He and I both fucked up. I could go to North Carolina and work on the campaign... (Looking at the clinic) I hate this shit... Yeah... These are Vicodin...they're for the pain. You have Ambien...that'll help you sleep...and I threw in a couple of Xanax for the next couple of days. Did the doctor explain there would be some bleeding? Not much...and it shouldn't last very long. If it does you'll need to call us. Do you have a ride? Okay...if you need anything you just call the clinic...okay. Okay. Yes Mike, Senator Franklin Thompson of North Carolina arrived at the Lunken airfield today igniting rumors of a deal in the works.BEN Hey, where were you today? I'm not feeling great Ben... Why? When was this? No. Will you continue with your schedule today? You're set to tour Proctor & Gamble this afternoon. But you must concede that these three hundred and fifty-six delegates put the pledged delegates out of reach. And with word today that the super delegates are breaking three to one for Morris. Well then do you have the funds? As we read it- Hey...Ben...I was told to talk to you. I'm supposed to get a phone... Jill Morris...no relation. No...I'm from Columbus I'm a Buckeye. You're making me look bad. I just filed a story that said you were off the campaign and Thompson was going to Pullman. I want to give you an opportunity to comment on my next story. It says that you delivered Thompson...You got the three hundred and fifty-six delegates, you delivered the nomination. And all you asked in return was Paul's job. Any chance of you confirming that? Come on Stephen...aren't we friends anymore? 