Let me in. You better all shut up. Are you having any more trouble with the feeding tube? Alright, well I'll be back soon. I'll bring some new books. You're probably sick of the ones you have. No...no, he didn't. But we have to give it time. I've seen coma patients with a much longer inactivity time suddenly start making noises. No, they haven't. We're going to figure it out. You okay? I was going to head off for an hour or so. Are you alright here? No. I'm sorry. Keep providing him with stimuli. I've seen it work time and time again. Read to him. Even if you're doing something else, you can play him music that he likes. Don't give up. The universe picked a fight with the wrong chick. No, I'm not. I'm doing my job. I chose to be here. You didn't choose any of this. You're the strong one. Nonsense. I'm perfectly capable of putting a few things away. I did it for Josh his whole life. He never was good with tidying up. I think it's you who should be sitting down by the looks of it. I can't believe you got Josh to sit still for a photo. Nobody - not me, not anybody - knows what you're going through right now. Whatever you have to do to get through it, do it. And never apologize for it. Oh tip-toe, from the garden, by the garden, of the willow tree... Go on, Renai. Tell him. Let her speak. What's happening to Renai is real. I've seen it for myself. I came here today because last night I had a dream about this place. 50. I can still hear that voice. He's here. I know somebody who can help...if you're willing to ask for it. No, my mother couldn't come, it's just me. Elise. You must be Lorraine's son? You've grown since I last saw you. Your mother and I have been friends for a long time. (re Specs and Tucker) They're very good assistants but I can't get them to dress any better. Pleased to meet you. I'm Elise. And the previous home? No, that's fine, gentlemen. I don't think bad wiring is the problem here. Hmm. May I walk through the house? Steven, do you have your sketchbook? Good. We're going to need it. There is something here. ...long hair...grey dress...her eyes are... Do I have permission to enter this room? Maybe you could wait back there? Leave the lights off. I'm not sure if you are ready to hear this yet...but unfortunately I can't waste any time easing you into it. There is no time left. I want you to know that this is what I believe and it may contradict a previous medical diagnosis. However, you called me here and I am taking that as an acceptance of my readings. Your son...is not in a coma. His physical body is here, but his spiritual body is not. The reason these disturbances followed you to a new home is because...it is not the house that is haunted. It is your son. Have you ever heard of astral projection? I call them travellers. These are people with the ability to leave their physical body and travel to different places in an astral form. To some degree, we all have the ability to do it...but most of us subconsciously suppress it or don't know how to access it. Dalton is...a very accomplished astral projector. He has been since he was very young. He's not afraid of his ability. And that lack of fear has led him to travel too far and become lost... In The Further. The Further is that place beyond our perception, beyond our understanding of the physical world that we can see and touch. It is a place without clocks or measurements, without past or future...an infinite realm that holds all of our dreams...and all of our nightmares. That is where Dalton is. The problem is that with his astral body gone, he has left a physical body with us. An empty vessel. And there are entities that know this. They can smell it - the chance to live again. That is why they have gathered around him. There are five benevolent spirits. Five different entities for whom Dalton has become a most prized possession. They are trying to get inside his physical body...and they get closer with each passing day. Then there are two entities who are...not benevolent. One of them takes the form of a man, the other... They work together, so desperate are they to possess Dalton. They are the closest of all the entities to getting inside him. I don't want to scare you, but I have never, in all my years of doing this, experienced anything as terrifying as their presence. There is something we could try. A way of calling him back. I would need your complete trust. I know this is hard to hear. I completely understand. And I honestly don't blame you for reacting like this. Thank you for your time. What's most important is that you realize no two attempts are the same. I will be completely honest with you about the results, and if no dialogue is established, I will tell you. I am not in the business of embellishing success. What happens, happens. Forget the limits and laws and logic of this world. We are treading in a different place now. Everything I say while I am in tune will be at a very low volume, so you won't hear any of it. Steven will write it down and repeat it for you. Hold on to each other, and stay focused. You'll see things you don't understand. Confusing things. Do not question them or speak in any way. Dim the lights please. Leave this vessel! Leave this vessel! LEAVE THIS VESSEL! Leave this earthly body! Leave his body! The lights! Proof? Proof of what? Nine tenths of the world believes that when you die, your soul ascends to sit with God. Would you be telling them something they didn't already know? No, our job is not to alert the press and prove the existence of the `paranormal', as you call it. I'm not out to prove anything. I've known there was a higher plane ever since I was a little girl and I could play hopscotch with people whose names were inscribed on tombstones. What you call paranormal is a fact of life for me. Our job is to help people. The least we can do is spare them the indignity of Sixty Minutes. No, I won't, Tucker. I'll just be proud of you. You two stared down something that would crush most mortals tonight and you stood tall. We answer the door. I asked your mother to come over. I called her immediately after...the session. I told her to hurry over. There is something we must talk about. Sit down, Lorraine. Go on. Tell him. The reason...I knew to call Elise in this situation...the reason I know her so well...is because I called her myself once. Years ago. To help you, Josh. It's no accident that your son is such a gifted traveller. The ability was handed down to him. By his father. When you were about eight...you suffered night terrors. Awful fits of pure fear. You were terrified of an old woman who you said would come to visit you at night. Let me in. I dismissed your stories. Told you to grow up. Then I saw her for myself. At first, I thought it was a camera problem. Then I saw her again. In each photo, she got closer and closer to you... Finally, I was so scared, I called Elise. You've blocked it out. But in the back of your mind, you're still afraid of having your picture taken, aren't you? I've kept the photos hidden ever since then...until tonight. I advised Lorraine to hide them. To stop taking your picture. And to let you forget. A parasite. She befriended your astral body, then drew you out into The Further, just as Dalton has been drawn out. 81. But she deceived you. All she wanted was an empty vessel. A physical body. Yours. I'm sorry, Josh. I didn't want to make you remember this...I only do it for the sake of your son. Your son is out there. And you are the only one who can bring him back. If you cannot reach him tonight, then he is gone forever. Remember who you are and why you are traveling. Keep one foot in this world. Are you ready? Close your eyes, Josh...and relax. Breathe deeply. Let all life around you fade out into the background...until the only thing you can hear is the ticking of the metronome. Focus on a spot in the center of your forehead. Feel that spot getting further away as you drift off to sleep. I want you to relax your physical body and let the astral body gain strength...feel it rising out of your chest. Detach yourself. Now you are free. Keep your guide, and a steady stride...and into The Further you go. He's in... You're stronger then they are, Josh. You are a living soul! They've made contact. I know it. He's found your son. We need them to come back. We need him to find us. Call out to him! Check on the boy! Find me, Josh! Now! Wake up! Well put. No. You've been there before, remember? And you'll go back. All of us will...eventually. Nothing, I... No. You've been there before, remember? And you'll go back. All of us will...eventually. Nothing, I... 