What do you want? Shelter. Jane Eyre adapted by Moira Buffini March 2008 4. I can't take in vagrants. Here's a penny. Now take it and go. I have no strength to go. You can move off. And if there are others with you tell them we are not alone. We have a gentleman here, and dogs. But I must die if I am turned away. God help me. I will die. We've had a beggar woman come, Mr Rivers. I sent her - For shame! St John, who is it? Jane Eyre adapted by Moira Buffini March 2008 5. I thought her one of the gypsies from the cross. She's as white as death. Hannah, some water. She's worn to nothing. She looks like a spectre. St John, if you hadn't taken her in, we would have fallen upon her dead body in the morning. Mary. There's milk and bread for you. I - I am J - Please, tell us how we may help you. What do you want? I have done nothing wrong. Master Reed. I wasn't aware it was yours. Wicked and cruel - you are a slaver - a murderer - I hate you John Reed. I hate you - Jane Eyre adapted by Moira Buffini March 2008 8. For shame, hitting your master. If you don't sit still you must be tied down! What we do is for your own good. If you are passionate and rude like this, your Aunt Reed will send you away. You're worse than us servants. We work for our keep; you do nothing. Pray for forgiveness Miss Eyre or something bad will come down that chimney and fetch you away. Jane Eyre adapted by Moira Buffini March 2008 9. Miss Eyre what is it? Bessie! Have you seen something? There was a light. Bessie, I gave orders that she was to be left in the red room until I came. But she screamed so loud ma'am. It is play-acting. Let her go. I know your tricks Jane Eyre and I abhor such artifice. Loose Bessie's hands, child. No - Aunt, have pity - And only when you are perfectly submissive will I let you out. Please - I cannot bear it - Silence. This violence is repulsive. I shall be killed - Get back! Have mercy, have mercy I beg you - She's awake. Look at the suffering in her eyes. They're like dark pools - She has a peculiar face; I rather like it. She's so ill, St John. They go to hell. A pit full of fire. No sir. I must keep in good health and not die. I've been her sole benefactress and her kindest friend. But she shows no gratitude and brings nothing but discord into my house. She's an orphan. Her mother was my late husband's sister. On his deathbed he exhorted me to care for her. I have always treated her as one of my own. I wish her to be made useful, to be kept humble. And as for its vacations, it must spend them all at Lowood. You are not fit to associate with me! You said I was a liar. Well I am not. If I was, I should say that I loved you and I don't. I dislike you the worst of anybody in the world except John Reed. He is a liar, not I. How dare you speak in this manner. I'll never call you Aunt again as long as I live and if anyone asks how I liked you I'll say that the very thought of you makes me sick. You wouldn't dare. I'll remember how you thrust me back into the Red Room and locked me there to my dying day. Even when you knew it was haunted and I begged to be let out. People think you are good but you are bad and hard-hearted and I'll let everyone at Lowood know what you have done! Children must be corrected for their faults. Deceit is not my fault! But you are passionate. My Uncle Reed is in heaven and can see all that you do and think; so can my mother and father. They know how you hate me and wish me dead. They can see. They see everything you do and they will judge you, Mrs Reed. You're such a queer, solitary little thing. If only you could make yourself more appealing. Perhaps if you tried smiling from time to time, people would find you more pleasant - Don't scold me Bessie. I know you dislike me - I don't dislike you Miss; I'm fonder of you than of anyone. You don't show it. Miss Jane - You take good care of her. What's your name, child? Jane Eyre. You are very young to be sent alone, Jane Eyre. My name is Jane Elliott... Jane Elliot. Where do you come from, Miss Elliott? No one. Yes sir. Don't upset her, St John. She must not be interrogated so. Mr Rivers, you and you sisters have done me a great service, the greatest man can do - you have rescued me from death. I'll tell you as much as I can. I am an orphan; brought up a dependent; educated in a charity school where I passed six years as a pupil and two as a teacher. I left a year since to become a private governess - A good situation, where I remained until... Diana, didn't I say so? Didn't I say she was a governess? We did wonder. We mean no offence but you have a certain look. Mary and I work as governesses too. (with great interest) Do you? We are currently trying to teach ourselves German, so we may find better positions. You're not working at present? We came home only for our father's funeral. He died three weeks ago. I am very sorry to hear it. I... It was a catastrophe. I am free from any blame, sir. I was happy. That's enough for now, St John. You must rest, Miss Elliott. Because that is not my name. You haven't given us your real name? Because I must not ever be found. Welcome to our table, Miss Elliott. I'd appreciate it if you called me Jane. It is my own name. It's wonderful to see you on your feet, Miss Jane. I trust I will not be eating long at your expense, Mr Rivers. I wish to work, sir. Show me how to work or how to seek work; that's all I ask. You're not fit enough to work. With all my heart, sir. It's a shame she has no choice of helpers, St John, and must put up with such crusty people as you. Most thorough. Burns, Helen Burns! Come now, don't cry. You're not allowed to speak to me. I must be shunned. Mr Brocklehurst is not a God. He's not liked or admired here - He said I was a liar. I am not a liar! If your own conscience approves you, then so will I. How do you bear it? Bear what? Being struck. I'm a trial to Miss Scatcherd. She hits me to improve me. If she hit me I would get that birch from her hand and break it under her nose. You'd just be punished even more. It's part of life here. I have always been excluded and alone and hated. Miss Abbott used to call me an ugly little toad. You're not ugly. Do you know what is inside you? What? The spark of your spirit, the principle of light and thought, pure and bright, as perfect as anything created. What do you mean? Your soul. Your soul is beautiful, your soul has value - more value than anything on earth. Is that true? Yes. God sees your beauty. Even as you stand on that stool, there is an invisible world around you, a kingdom of spirits. It is everywhere. Angels see your pain. Angels know your innocence. Angels? Do you not believe in angels? Come here, Girls. We've lived here all our lives but the house must be shut up now. Why? We can't afford to keep it on. Diana and I will return to our charges in a few days and St John will go to his parsonage. It'll be a hard parting for us. We may not see him again for years. Why ever not? He means to be a missionary. He's going to India to do Gods's work. Can he not do God's work here? This quiet parish will never do for him; he almost raves in his restlessness. It breaks our hearts. St John burns with talents and ambition. But he lacks the means for advancement here. Our poverty thwarts him at every turn and so he has chosen to lay all his gifts on God's altar. We've tried to persuade him to stay but in some things our brother is - he is - Inexorable as death. We are now without father. We'll soon be without home and brother. In one thing you are fortunate. You have each other. This is the result of semi- starvation and neglected colds; Brockelhurst's idea of mortifying their bodies to save their souls. Write to the governors. You must. Helen. Is it you, Jane? Have you come to say goodbye? You're cold. I'm very happy. I am going home. Back to your father? My father has a new wife. He'll not miss me much. Then where? To my future home, where all is light. I am going to God. No... Don't be sad. I will escape great suffering by dying young. No... I don't have any talent to make my way in life. I should be always at fault. But God is my friend. He loves me. Then he must save you. He is saving me. I feel like I could sleep now. I like to have you near - I won't leave you. You're so warm and alive. Jane, you have a passion for living. Jane... No, no, no - Have you something for me to do? You are doing something already. May I see? That's Miss Temple on her wedding day. She was my teacher; a great influence on me. Under her guidance I became a teacher too. St John - No, Mary, please - See how skilled Jane is. She is better than any drawing master we have ever had. Mr Rivers, I wondered if you had yet heard of any work that I could do. I shan't mind what I do. St John, what are you going to offer her? Not washerwoman, I hope? Mr Rivers, I thank you heartily and I accept with all my heart. I will save them until they are wanted. They will keep. Yes. Excuse me. How do you do, my dear? What a long and tedious journey you must have had of it. John is quite the slowest driver in the county. You must be cold to the bone. Are you Mrs Fairfax? Indeed I am; come and warm yourself in here. Draw nearer the fire. John is taking your trunk up to your room. Am I to have the pleasure of meeting Miss Fairfax tonight? Who? Miss Fairfax - my pupil? Oh you mean Miss Varens; Mr Rochester's ward. She is to be your pupil. Who is Mr Rochester? Why, the owner of Thornfield. I thought Thornfield Hall belonged to you. (bursting into laughter) Oh bless you child, what an idea. To me? I am only the housekeeper. Forgive me - There is a distant connection between Mr Rochester and I - his mother was a Fairfax - but I'd never presume on it. Heavens, me, owner of Thornfield? We shall have a cheerful house this winter... I'm sure that last winter - and what a severe one - if it didn't rain it snowed and if it didn't snow it blew a gale - last winter I declare that not a soul came to the house from November to February. Good night, my dear. I hope you'll be comfy. Thank you. What a beautiful house. Mr Rochester's visits here are always unexpected. He doesn't like to arrive and find everything all swathed up, so I keep it in constant readiness. Now, come and meet Miss Varens. Did I mention she was French? Sophie has been crying because no one understands. Nobody can speak to us except for Mr Rochester and he has gone away. Would you ask her about her parents? Mr Rochester's neglected to tell me anything about her. Where did you live Adele, before you came to Thornfield? With Maman - but she is gone to the Holy Virgin now. Her mother has passed away. Maman used to teach me to dance and say verses. When gentlemen came to see her I used to dance for them or sit on their knees and sing. May I sing for you now? Well - that would be lovely. (To Mrs Fairfax) Adele is going to show us her accomplishments. How very French... Me! It is me! Here. For you. Who's there? Who sleeps up here? No one. This part of the house is quite empty, except for you and me. I heard someone. You can't have done. A laugh. Someone laughed. Oh - that must be Grace Poole. She likes to sit up here with her sewing. Rather an eccentric soul. (She shouts sharply) Grace? Grace! I thought I might find you up here. I've been waiting to pour our tea. I'm not in need of tea, thank you. What is it, child? You've been here three months now and I'm worried that the position is not enough / to occupy your - Oh, Mrs Fairfax, no. I'm so thankful to be at Thornfield. Please don't think I'm so ungrateful as to be discontented. But it's a quiet life, isn't it? This isolated house; a still doom for a young woman... I wish a woman could have action in her life, like a man. It agitates me to pain that the sky- line over there is ever our limit. I long sometimes for a power of vision that would overpass it. If I could behold all I imagine... I've never seen a city, never spoken with men. I've never even seen a town of any size. And I fear my whole life will pass, without ever having... Well now - exercise is a great cure for anything, they say. Can I do anything, sir? Are you injured, sir? If you are hurt and want help I can fetch someone from the village. I'm on my way there to post a letter. Thornfield Hall. Mr Rochester's. No, I've never seen him. I am the governess, sir. No. Mr Rochester is here. Oh? Go and change your frock; he wishes to meet you. I have to change? Oh yes - I always dress for the evening when Mr Rochester is here. But all my dresses are the same. You must have one that is better? He's in a terrible humour; the doctor has been. His horse fell in Hay lane and his ankle is sprained. Here is Miss Eyre, Sir. Thank you. Yes, sir. Pardon? I was brought up by my Aunt, Mrs Reed of Gateshead, in a house far finer than this. At ten years old I went to Lowood school where I received as good an education as I could hope for. I have no tale of woe, sir. Dead. No. She cast me off, sir. Because I was burdensome and she disliked me. Yes. Eight years. I daily thank providence for sending us Miss Eyre. She's a kind and patient teacher and an invaluable / companion - Sir? Yes sir. Out of my head. Yes sir. The evening star. Tonight I will have my cadeaux. He always bring me a cadeaux. Sorry to disturb. He's asked for your art. What for? He wishes to have it. Why? To show to his company, I should think. Is this it here? Thank you. Monsieur! Ma boite, ma boite! We'll open it together, shall we? Oh Ciel! Que c'est beau! How, sir? Monsieur, je vous remercie mille fois de votre bonte... That is how Maman used to say, is it not? Let's try it on, shall we? No sir. I was too plain; I beg your pardon. Mr Rochester, it was a blunder. I ought to have replied that beauty is of little consequence - You have other qualities, sir. Not at all. What about, sir? How can I introduce a subject when I don't know what'll interest you? Yet you'd command me to speak? I don't think you have a right to command me just because you're older. Your claim to superiority depends on the use you've made of your time and experience. There are few masters who'd trouble to enquire whether their paid subordinates were hurt by their commands. I'd never mistake informality for insolence, sir. One, I rather like. The other, nothing free born should ever submit to - even for a salary. You've clearly not spent much time in the company of schoolgirl governesses. I'm the same plain kind of bird as all the rest, with my couple of accomplishments and my common tale of woe. How? Are you a villain then, sir? Then you'll degenerate still more. I'm reminding you of your own words; remorse is the poison of life. I don't know. To speak truth, I don't understand you at all. Sir, I find the conversation has got out of my depth. I'm not afraid. I've simply no wish to talk nonsense. Just as it turns to come down - that's when you hit it. Mademoiselle has got to rest. Because I start to win! Have mercy, Adele. Play with Pilot for a while. Is our game disturbing you, sir? Mademoiselle - Il faut jouer - To fall in love, sir? Does it? Were you dashed to pieces, Mr Rochester? But you took her on? Who's there? Wake up! Wake up! Sir! It is I, Jane Eyre, sir. For heaven's sake get up. Somebody has plotted something; you must find out who. I'll light the lamp - I heard a laugh outside my door loud enough to wake me. I opened it. Someone was running towards the third floor. And a candle was left burning in the middle of the floor. Shall I fetch Mrs Fairfax, sir? Then I'll wake John and Martha. Only the candle on the ground. Yes. There's a woman who sews here; Grace Poole - She laughs in that way, I think. Yes, sir. (She takes off his coat) Good-night. You said I should go. What am I to do then, sir? There is no debt. Good night then, sir. I'm cold. Good day to you, miss. What's happened here? Only master reading in his bed last night. Fell asleep with his candle lit and the curtains got on fire. Managed to put it out with the water from his stand. Did you not hear anything, miss? I did. I heard a strange laugh. It's hardly likely the master would laugh when he was in such danger. Perhaps you were dreaming. I was not. Then you didn't think of opening your door and looking out? Has Mr Rochester not sent for us today? Why, he's gone away. Were you not aware? He left after breakfast. Oh? I saw her two years ago when Mr Rochester had a party here. Oh, she was a beauty; I daresay the most elegant girl I've ever seen. So tall, with raven hair cascading down her back; I don't know how she'd had it done. She sang a duet with Mr Rochester. They made a lovely harmony. Qu'avez vous mademoiselle? (without looking at her) Nothing. Speak in English, please. Thank you, girls. You may go. Not at all. I'm getting on very well. I hardly have time to notice it. A few months ago I had nothing. I was wretched. Now I have a home and work; free and honest. I wonder at the goodness of God and at the generosity of my friends. It's what I mean to do. Thank you. Why were you intensely miserable? You could have been happy. Yes. What's the matter? He's back in three days he says - heavens that's Thursday - and not alone. He gives directions to prepare all the best rooms. I'm to get more staff from the George Inn. The ladies will bring their maids, the gentlemen, valets. We must accommodate them all. Supplies to be got; linen, the May I assist you, Mrs Fairfax? Wish I had as good; not one fifth what Mrs Poole receives. And she's laying it all by. I shouldn't wonder if she's saved enough to keep her independent. Not everyone could do it, that's for sure, not even for the money. They're here! They're here! Thank you. Excuse me, miss. What is it, darling? She sing like Maman. Tonight. He wants you both in the drawing room after dinner. Not me, surely. It's his particular wish. He was being polite. I'm instructed to tell you that if you resist, he'll come up and get you himself. You needn't stay long. Just let him see you and then slip away. Don't worry; no one'll look at you. May I present Miss Adele Varens? Bon jour, mesdames, monsieurs. Why, what a little puppet. (mutton dressed as lamb) Is this your ward, Mr Rochester? (English rose; nineteen) What a love of a child. I thought you weren't fond of children? Then what induced you to take charge of that little doll? Why don't you send her to school? You should hear mamma on the chapter of governesses. I had half a dozen in my day - all detestable, ridiculous incubi - were they not, mamma? Did you speak, my lily flower? I said governesses. Oh, don't mention them; the very word makes me nervous! I've suffered a martyrdom from their incompetence and caprice. I thank heaven we're now done with them. I have just one word to say of the whole tribe; nuisance. We shall have music - and new subject, if you please. Signor Eduardo, what shall it be? Beauty? Why there's nothing new to be said. I give you back male beauty. Mamma, what's your idea of male beauty? My son, of course. Oh, Tedo's quite typical of the young men of today. They're so absorbed in the pursuit of fashion that they've forgotten how to be men at all. A woman who neglects herself is a blot on humanity. But a man should pay no heed to his looks. (Glancing at Rochester) A man should possess only strength and valour. He could be a gentleman or a highwayman. His beauty lies in his power. As long as he resembled you. I am serious. To my mind, a man is nothing without a spice of the devil in him. I am tired, sir. You seemed engaged, sir. Teaching Adele. I am well. A gentleman has arrived to see you, sir. He says he's travelled a long way, from Spanish Town, Jamaica - Mr Richard Mason. He says you're old friends. I've put him in the morning room. Can I help you sir? Turn them out of the room sir, if I could. I should care nothing about it. For the sake of any friend who deserved it. He is yours. Oh what is it? Who is hurt? What awful event has taken place? Is there anything I might do? It seems to me a splendid mansion, sir. Will Grace Poole stay here now? But sir - Yes sir. Yes sir. I'd do anything for you sir, anything that was right. Excuse me, sir. Does that creeping creature want you? If you please, I want leave of absence for a week or two. This is from my old nurse, Bessie. She says my cousin John Reed is dead. He ruined himself and has committed suicide. The news has so shocked his mother, my Aunt, that it's brought on a stroke. She's been asking for me. I parted from her very badly and I can't neglect her wishes now. Sir, it seems you are soon to be married. Adele should go to school. And I must seek another situation. I intend to advertise. And sir? Forgive me but I have had no wages as yet. Fifteen pounds. That's too much. I cannot. Now you owe me five. Not a whit, sir. You are not to be trusted at all. Bless you! - I knew you'd come. Bessie... I'm not too late? How is Mrs Reed? She may linger yet a while. She's spoken of you daily. At first we couldn't tell what she was saying but when her speech came clear we heard 'Jane Eyre, get Jane Eyre.' Shall I see her now? I'll take you up directly. But look at you. What a lady you've become. Why you're almost pretty. Aunt Reed? It is Jane Eyre. You sent for me, and here I am. No one knows the trouble I have with that child. Such a burden. Left on my hands. Speaking to me like a fiend. The fever at Lowood. She should have died! Why do you hate her so? Her mother. Reed's sister - his beloved. When news came of her death he wept like a fool. Sent for the baby. Sickly thing - not strong like mine. But Reed loved it. Kept it by his bed. Made me vow to bring the creature up. Why did he not love mine? I am Jane Eyre, Aunt. You. Is there no one in the room? We are alone. I've twice done you wrong. I broke the vow I made to Reed - Please, don't think of it - I am dying; I must get it out! 'Madam, will you have the goodness to send me the address of my niece, Jane Eyre. I desire her to come to me at Madeira. Fortune has blessed my endeavours and as I am childless I wish to adopt her and bequeath her at my death whatever I may have to leave. Yours, John Eyre, Madeira.' This is dated three years ago. Why did I never hear of it? Because I wrote and told him you had died of typhus at Lowood school. You fury. You were born to be my torment. I'll never forget how you turned on me and raged. Forgive me. You cursed me. I would have loved you if you'd let me. My life has been cursed. Please, let us be reconciled. Then love me or hate me as you will. You have my full and free forgiveness. Now ask for God's - and be at peace. My mother. Why ever was I so afraid? I have been with my aunt sir, who is dead. Thank you Mr Rochester. I'm strangely glad to get back again to you. Wherever you are is my home. We're expecting the announcement very soon. He went down to London only last week to buy her a new carriage. Then we must accept it. He'll soon bring home his bride. I'll be sad to leave it. Have you found me a new situation, sir? Connaught? It is a long way away, sir. From here. From you. I wish I could. I wish I'd never come here. I love Thornfield - I've lived a full life here. I've not been trampled on or petrified or buried with inferior minds. I've talked face to face with what I reverence, with what I delight in. I've known you Mr Rochester - Because of your bride. But you will have. Then I must go. Do you think I could stay to become nothing to you? Am I an automaton, a machine without feelings? Do you think that because I am poor, obscure, plain and little that I am soulless and heartless? I have as much soul as you and full as much heart. I'm not speaking to you through mortal flesh. It's my spirit that addresses your spirit as if we'd passed through the grave and stood at God's feet, equal - as we are. Let me go. I'm a free human being with an independent will, which I now exert to leave you. Are you mocking me? Entirely. Not a whit. Your bride is Miss Ingram - Are you in earnest? You wish me to be your wife? You love me. Then sir, I will marry you. I must go. Good night. Have you accepted him? Yes. Well I never would have thought. Am I a monster? Is it so impossible that Mr Rochester should love me? No, I've long noticed that you were a sort of pet of his. But you're so young and so little acquainted with men. I don't want to grieve you child, but let me put you on your guard. Gentlemen in his position... Let's just say they're not accustomed to marry their governesses. Until you are wed, distrust yourself as well as him. Please, keep him at a distance - Thank you. It is I, Jane Eyre sir. It can never be, sir. Human beings were not meant to enjoy complete happiness on this earth. It's too much like a fairy tale. Oh, no sir - I don't want jewels - Then you won't know me. I'll not be Jane Eyre any longer but an ape in a harlequin's jacket. Put them away. I'm naturally proud. And hard and flinty. You ought to know what sort of bargain you've made while you've still got time to rescind it. I want only one thing from you, Mr Rochester. Your regard. Adele? Adele, is that you? I'm afraid. It was not Grace Poole. I was not asleep. I know what I saw. Mademoiselle... Please, you must look. Sir, you can't be bringing folk in here. It's madness. Thank you. I cannot. I'm tired and sick. I need some water. Much better, sir. I shall be well again soon. All is changed, sir. I must change too. Sir - you speak of her with hate - it is cruel. She cannot help being mad. I do. No. You can't. I must leave you, sir. I do love you - But I mustn't show it or speak it ever again. I must begin a new existence - strange scenes among strange faces. I must part from you. You have a wife already. I earnestly pity you, sir. Do not say it - I can not. How? You once told me that hiring a mistress is the next worse thing to buying a slave. I would not degrade you by having you live with a slave. I do. I do. I would. It would be to obey you. I care for myself. The more alone, the more friendless, unsustained I am, the more I must respect myself - I must listen to myself - Let me go - God help me! Edward. Mr St John - What on earth brings you away from your hearth on a night like this? Has anything happened? There's no bad news I hope? You are recklessly rash about your own health. Why are you come? I mean on a night like this - Please... Mr Rivers! - Since you know so much, perhaps you can tell me how he is. Mr Rochester; how is he? The solicitor - Mr Briggs - does he have any news of Mr Rochester? What does he want with me? What? How much am I worth? Twenty thousand pounds? There must be some mistake. It's two thousand, surely. Why did Mr Briggs write to you? Yes. St John Eyre - Your mother was my father's sister? My uncle John was your uncle John? So you, Diana and Mary - Oh, I am glad! - I am glad! Of no moment? You have sisters and maybe don't care for a cousin but I have nobody. I have been alone, always. And now three relations are born into my world full grown. Oh, I am glad. You, who saved my life - Write to Diana and Mary. Tell them to hand in notice and come home. They will have five thousand each and so will you. Don't put me out of patience, cousin. I am rational enough. Twenty thousand divided equally between the nieces and nephews of our uncle, gives five to each. And you cannot imagine - family - I never had a home. I never had brothers and sisters - You are not reluctant to own me, are you? You call Jane your sister but you don't treat her as such. You should kiss her too. Di, you are very provoking. Am I not being useful? Beyond to what? So soon? - I'm not fit for it. I have no vocation. St John have mercy. I feel my mind shrinking - I used to long for a life of action, to overleap the horizon, to move in the world of men. Maybe God is giving me this. And what is there for me here? Pain and longing for what can't be. I don't know how long I would survive in India. My frame isn't strong. But I'll go with you, if I may go free. You and I had better not marry. Because I am your sister. Conditionally - as your curate. I must have my heart and mind free, my own self to turn to. I couldn't become part of you - Enough of love? St John, I scorn your idea of love. I scorn the counterfeit sentiment you offer and I scorn you when you offer it! Forgive me but the very name of love is an apple of discord between us. My dear cousin, please abandon your scheme of marriage. Do not be angry with me please. It makes me wretched. I want us to be friends. I cannot come as your wife. If I were to marry you, you'd kill me. You're killing me now. You'd kill me without drawing any blood or receiving on your conscience any stain of crime. You'd experience no pain - but I tell you it would kill me! Because I would inevitably come to conceive love for you, because you are so talented and good, because there is such grandeur in your look. You wouldn't want this strange and torturing love; if I showed it you would find it unbecoming. And my lot would be wretched. You're a good man, but you forget the feelings of little people. We'd better keep out of your way lest you trample us. If I were sure; if I were certain - Oh God, what is it? I am coming! Wait for me! Where are you? They sent me from the inn. I've been up at the house - Come in, come in. Is he dead? No, no. Mr Rochester still lives. Tell me - please - Why did you run away in the night like that? I would have helped. I would have helped. He sought you as if you were a lost and precious jewel. He didn't rest. And as days turned into weeks and no word came, he grew quite savage in his disappointment. He stayed at Thornfield? Didn't leave the house... Antoinetta? He's alive child, but many think he'd be better off dead. Why? When he was taken out from under the ruins, a beam had fallen in such a way as to protect him, partly - but his eye was taken out and his left hand so crushed that he lost it. The other eye inflamed and - he is blind. He's blind. I had dreaded worse. I'd dreaded he was mad. Where is he? Martha is in the kitchen, sir. Pilot knows me. Will you have some more water? I've spilt half the glass. And her voice. My Edward, I am Jane Eyre: I have found you out. I am come back to you. I've been with good people; far better than you, quite more refined and exalted. And I'm an independent woman. My uncle in Madeira died and left me five thousand pounds - I'm here. I'm home. I am where I love best. I conscientiously believe so, sir. But I see that you're turning into a lion. It's time someone undertook to rehumanise you. I know. And the worst of it is, I'm in danger of loving you too well for this, and making too much of you. Very. But you always were, you know. 