That means Val reached you about his customer. It could be he's right. I ran the name, the family's got a real estate business in Beverly Hills. The Times has them down for some big house sales, movie-star dollars... A couple of DUI's, I quoted them the house number. That's it, you're free after Roulet. You're going to see Gloria. Why do you waste time on her, Mickey? Mick sees where Earl's pointing: SQUAD OF MOTORCYCLES, HARLEYS, IN THE SIDE-VIEW MIRRORS... They pull up alongside: gang jackets, black leather vests... Big guys... The divorce papers called it temporary insanity. Don't tell me. Son of a bitch, Haller. I wanted this one... Alright I'll go quietly. But after today's hearing, if you don't object. That won't change with the prosecutor. Not with what your guy did. With which she shows him the photo: gruesome. Sure. "If." They only picked him up in her home with blood all over him, but it's a valid question... Get it from whoever takes over. No favors on this one. She's good. She likes the things you send her but would rather you show up yourself... Okay, I'll tell Hayley. Tonight. Only Mick-- don't cancel on her. With resources like this man has, it's always a risk-- let alone the fact that the victim was brutally What'd I tell you, Mick, we got us a franchise... There's the lawyer-guy, you get him to go for the cash-bond... MOVING from Val, Mick HEADS DOWN THE HALL, through the BUSY CRUSH of attorneys, clients, spectators to-- DOBBS, waiting. Mickey Mantle. You're going to bat for me again? GLORIA, redhead, 27 but good looks already fading-- greets Thanks. For coming, not for the compliment. Mick's already paging through her arrest-sheet, sees... Dumb, I know. A guy paid me with it, I had it on me when I went to my next. Can't you get me into one of those rehab places where they get you straight? I can't. And do what? Have kids and plant flowers? Look at me. Mick doesn't have an answer. Opens a notebook, gets to work. I did a guy at the Travel Lodge on Santa Monica... He had a shitload in there. I saw. Which gets Mick's attention. His wheels suddenly turning... No. He reached me on my website. He was Mexican or something. Don't I screen 'em all? No, his passport. I think his name was, Hector, or-- And your girl's looking to trade? She'll also have to testify on the coke. (as she weighs it) What's she want in exchange? I have a check for you, Mr. Haller. And slides it towards him in an envelope. Mick, tries not to seem too much in a hurry as he glances inside-- ANGLE, we glimpse the amount, the zeroes... $100,000... BUT: Don't be silly. I'll back my son come hell or high water. These ridiculous charges. That ridiculous woman. But not now, is that it? I will see you at dinner. And goes. Dobbs gets the door for her. When she's gone: He said there's no client as scary as an innocent man. Mick, seeing her, smiles and continues, a little tipsy... Raul, if you let a man drive in his condition I think I can charge you both. The guys look at each other. Maggie swipes the keys-- I'll drive him to his house. My friends brought me. I'll keep the car, he can pick it up at my place in the morning. Get in. And she gets in the driver's side, waits. Mick to Raul-- You've got to be kidding me. Where is Earl tonight? Hasn't he worked your fee off yet? You can't tell by this stuff. She snaps the rap OFF. Not Roulet. I heard Smithson assigned Ted Minton to your case. He's brand new. Bright, though. Smithson's protegee. Naturally. Georgetown, buys his suits at Brooks, above all he's a guy... Mick looks over at her, as she flares, calms... Moonlight lines her profile. Made self-conscious by his watching her, she moves her hair from her face. Beyond pretty: Beautiful. Saturday there's the Sponge-Bob movie... I'll know when I drop you and get home to relieve the sitter... (catches him looking) What? That's not doing me any good, Haller. Are these for A.D.A. Knight? I'll have to ask her... But, he holds them back. Stares. She yields... I'll run them for you now. He'll be a few more minutes, sir. Kurlen, seeing he's drawn blood, continues to needle. Thank you, Earl. Just then a little girl gets off a pony. The attendant holds it for Hayley. You said we',re going to the movies! You promised me last week! Defense lawyers will swear to anything... You look like you're in a daze. Nobody's seen you at Four Green Fields lately. Yeah well. If you start going again. Now she has his attention. Bunch of us from the office are there. Tuesdays, after work. An invitation. S-zrprising him. Okay. Haller! Let him in, girls! Buy you a beer? Then let's share this. They fight to a table for two, edge of the crowd. When he balks at sipping from her glass-- We've had a taste of each other before. He laughs a little, reads that she's had a few. He drinks. Feeling a little better tonight? Or did Ted Minton sandbag you? With that guy Corliss, right? I told them using that dirtbag was a bullshit play. But you'll take the the guy's head off on the stand... Mick's off-guard, doesn't know what she's talking about. (catches herself, giggles) Whoops, I shouldn't say that... Huh? It was me who sent him to Ted. Corliss thought it was my case because I handled first appearance. (sees Mick is too eager) I'm telling you too much. (clams up, with:) Can't we just forget work and have a friendly Guiness? Let me tell my friends I'm leaving. She goes. And Mick, quick, writes the name CORLISS on napkin. I'll bet you didn't know Sponge-Bob movies could be so much fun. You didn't know Minton had Corliss til I blabbed, did you. You got me drunk to find out what you wanted to know. Except I was already drunk. Good point, right? He feels something. ANGLE, her hand on his knee... Hayley's probably asleep. I gotta go relieve the sitter-- (makes a face) Only I don't think I can drive myself home. And will you take me back to get my car in the morning? A loaded proposition. Covers her hand with his own. CUT TO, This is not fair to her. Waking up and finding you here. She'll get her hopes up. She comes in here when she has nightmares. She has nightmares. Don't start. You have no idea what it's like raising a child alone. He can tell by her tone: All last night's tenderness gone. Just like that? You're gonna start taking her to school? I thought you were just trying to get into my head on your case-- or get me into bed-- Not when you're being a defense lawyer! Do you know how crazy we were to think we could ever make it? Me trying to get dirtbags off the street, you keeping them there-- Just go! Hey Mick! Val's surprised... a mix of emotions... What're you doin' here?... and I heard about Raul Levin, man... Shit: I just had a plasma delivered... And rushes to... the GARAGE. Mick trails... Val's relieved to find the box is okay. Oh man, if we still lived in Van Nuys this sucker'd be gone. Set me back eight grand, too. But it's gonna be great for the games... (notes Mick's silent mood) What's up anyway? What brings you out here? I know, I gave them the trace. The bracelet's got a mass detector, there's no way to beat that. You better not be sayin' what I think-- that I cut him loose-- to let him kill Raul--? (over, angry--) You think I'd let that happen? For a fuckin' TV? And he lunges at Mick, shoves him back agains the van, Mick shoves back, harder, backwards into the TV box-- it hits the cement floor, hard, and Val falls on top of it-- Sickening snap/crunch from within the box-- Shit, man-- That's bullshit! I didn't do that! How dare you say that to me-- I'm inocente, man-- Mick reacts to the word-- Martinez's word-- as Val glares at him from the ground. Get outa here; Get out of here, Mick, and get outa my life! Mick's already backing off-- towards the car-- Keep going, man! Mick keeps going-- down the drive and into his car-- CUT TO, Being married to you sucked but it beat being a car service... I'll be your first customer. First dollar. And rolls him onto the bed. He looks at her. Drunk as he is: I'm not staying. He knows, but-- one thing more-- How do you do it, Haller? You're a sleazy defense lawyer with two ex- wives and a daughter, and we all still love you. We STAY ON HIM as she stands up, goes. To no one: You had a message from Gloria. She thinks she can do what you asked. Corliss has the same meal time. She can try. What do you mean? Mickey? Can you do that? Off Mick, tries for a confident smile... Yes, I recognize this knife. (holding an evidence bag) It's the one my son carried with him for protection for the last four years. Almost exactly. Because realtors alone in a house are sometimes robbed or hurt... Even raped or murdered. No. But he knew someone who... (hesitates...) She was raped and robbed by a man. Louis found her. It was terrible. The first thing he did afterwards was get himself a knife to carry, at all times. (looks at Ted Minton) March Sixth would have been no different. I am. The incident took place on June ninth, two-thousand-one. Mick watches Ted, carefully... Cat and mouse... No. There was no police investigation. I know the date because I'll never forget the day I was attacked. The news falls on Ted. She goes on before he can rally... MARY WINDSOR (cont'd) Louis will never forget it either. He found me in that house, tied up. Naked. It was traumatic for him. She's perfect: a strong woman, unused to showing emotion. Mick smiles, impressed. When, with some sarcasm: I wouldn't lie. Not about what happened that day... I never reported it... I was ashamed. If you don't understand that I can't explain it to you. And yet I live with it every day. Is that a question? Off Mick, admiring, GO TO, Haller, is this serious? How is this possible? Is it Roulet? Is that the client? Fine. But Haller, if she ever hears anything about this-- What are you going to do? A long beat. Then he says, just as he told Raul-- But Gloria still hasn't let us know if she got to him! Yes but... Yes but I didn't like forging the judge's signature... Yes I did. Just then, approaching, he sees SOBEL & LANKFORD: Are they coming for him? No, they turn into the courtroom along with others showing up for the trial's last day. Relieved-- I'm crazy about the power suit. Extra flip to her hips as she goes because Mick's watching. Um, no, now I'm just in the courtroom. Dumb answer draws laughs. ANGLE LOUIS, seething... Yes. Since I got arrested. That's right. Yes. I met him in lock-up. We was bussed over from jail, and then we was together in the tank when we came for first appearance. Yes... we talked about how bad we needed cigarettes. You know, "what are you in for?" Like that. He said, "For giving a bitch exactly what she deserved." Those were his words. Reaction Louis, stirs like a caged animal. Mick steadies... No. It's the right thing to do. Ted sits. Judge turns to Mick-- who's just staring, angrily. Then rises. Like he doesn't know what to do. Louis, the others, watch anxiously. Mick crosses to the front, steals a glance at the rear, SEES KURLEN standing against the wall, LANKFORD AND SOBEL seated in front of him. Then... About seven in L.A. Couple of times in Phoenix if you count those. I try to survive... This makes my fourth. People talk to me. I'm a friendly guy. Mick, walks toward Louis, indicates him-- That's right, we was friendly-- Not exactly. He was like, bragging. He told me he did it before... Mick freezes... Like he's in a mine field and can't move... He said the other time he killed the bitch... He got away with it then and he would get away with it now. Well, like, he told me the details. About the other one, that he killed. He called her a snake dancer. She danced in some joint where she was like in a snake pit. ANGLE, REACTION DETECTIVE KURLEN, he leans forward at this... SAME TIME, REACTION at the defense table: Mick, "alarmed," low to Louis-- No, that snake-girl stuff was it. This is where I whisper in your ear, tell you stuff... Damn. She goes, he returns to the table. Before Louis can speak: It's what people call me-- Maybe. He's a bit wary. Mick looks through the file Lorna brought-- Yeah, that'd be me. But-- I don't remember any Bentley-- Uh-- 1989, I was high a lot, there's not much I recall-- I ain't too good at reading... (clears his throat) "A man, Frederick Bentley, wrongly convicted of rape, was released Saturday after con-- --conclusive DNA results cleared him of the crime. The case was bolstered at trial by testimony from an informant, D.J. Corliss of Mesa, who claimed Bentley had-- bragged to him about the rape while together in a holding cell--" No I was not. Oh my god... Mr. Haller, thank you for my son... Mr. Haller, this time I insist you come to Orso for a celebration-- No! Take your hands off my son! I know... but the D.A. downtown said the detectives didn't have enough, they had to kick him... They've still got the parking ticket... and they're working forensics on the knife... (takes this in: furious:) What are you saying? How could you expose her to-- (thinking, checks watch--) On the schoolbus-- the sitter's on the way to pick her up on Ventura, near the house-- Valenzeula. I should hang up on you. The shit you talked to me! You got balls even askin'-- This is Roulet, right? Yeah, he must, he didn't come by the office and I'm the only one can take it off... (watching it, into phone:) I got him... He's movin'... on Sunset... Could be, yeah, he's going west, heading up Laurel Canyon... Mick, nods... glance toward his gun... Then... PHONE BEEPS in his ear, Call Waiting-- I see him but I don't know where he's goin'... He's not goin' to your house. Sonofabitch sailed right past the turn... SCREEN, CURSOR travelling... He's heading for the Valley. Where's Maggie live? What street? He's almost there, Mick. You took my son away from me! She raises her gun again-- Mick FIRES AT HER FROM INSIDE THE JACKET. Her body jerks back, she falls... Mick, stunned, lies there... He watches, through the haze of his condition, as Mary Windsor's fallen body jerks, on the floor... CUT TO, I didn't know you were awake. He looks at her. Questioning. Don't worry, we haven't been living here. We did, for a while. When you were touch and go. Mick. Returns his gaze to-- HAYLEY, going branch to branch. I'd better get her down, she can get hurt up there-- 