Kenneth, you might have told Cook we were another two for dinner. What is everyone supposed to eat? Cabbage soup? Oh, Colin, darling, there you are... Off? Can't you stay for dinner? There's nothing to eat but I'm sure the conversation will be charming. I'm sure they won't mind. You'll be a famous film director in no time. I know your father's put in a word. I have to watch Jenkins like a hawk. One more of his murderous prunings and we'll lose the tea roses for ever. And she's off again, with COLIN still following. He can't help smiling at the madness of it all. Now go and have a lovely time, darling. We're always here when you're ready to talk your future. COLIN wants to protest but before he can get the words out JANE sees a YOUNG GARDENER walking at the side of the house with a wheel barrow. Her face lights up. Mullins! Be an angel - find Cook and ask her how many pork chops we need for tonight. Then bring the car round. I must get to the village before the shop shuts... She dashes away after the GARDENER, turning back as an afterthought to blow a kiss at COLIN as she goes. COLIN smiles, then pauses for a moment to look at the house. We can sense both his affection for it but more pressingly his need to get away. He gets in, puts the car in gear and the Bristol pulls out of the drive and across the moat. In the last rays of the sun, the countryside looks magical, but Colin only has eyes for the road ahead. You're not in Mr. Perceval's diary. I have a Mr. Colin Clark here. He says Sir Laurence sent him. She stresses the proper name in disapproval of Colin's familiarity. Are you going to sit there all day? You're very determined. Anything? You can start by making me a cup of tea. White, two sugars. You can answer the telephone while I'm at lunch, if you like. She winks. COLIN grins. The phone rings. He picks it up. Colin, darling! How are you getting on? How exciting. Let me see... it's Sloane 2965. Ask him if he's coming to Saltwood for the bank holiday. You remember Colin, darling. You met him at the Clarks' party. They named them after Larry. The first actor since Du Maurier to have his own brand and they pay him an absolute fortune. (Pause) I'm afraid they're rather ghastly. Isn't he gorgeous, Vanessa? I suppose he's all right. Let's elope together and have the most glorious affair. (Arch) Oh, but then, who'd look after my poor Larry? Olivier glances over with a faint look of exasperation. VIVIEN winks at COLIN and takes her husband's arm. Now, darling, you must do something for Colin. You absolutely promised. OLIVIER looks hunted. There is no way out. He glances back at PERCEVAL as he comes in. You will take care of my precious Larrykins, won't you? She flirtatiously offers up her cheek for COLIN to kiss. COLIN's smile falters as he sees PERCEVAL looking at him grimly. It seems we're not top of the bill anymore, darling. I like it a lot. You bet it is. Arthur's the greatest man I ever met. I'd love to see the little fellow with the bow and arrow in Piccadilly Circus. I want to be the best actress I can be. I'm considering it. I'll be playing Grushenka. Sure. Can you? My husband is. I guess you could look it up in a dictionary. I am sure if Miss Monroe needs any advice she'll get it from her director. I hear he's terribly good. As I'm in England let's say I sleep in nothing but Yardley's Lavender. Are all your press conferences like that, darling? Well, that was quieter than some. Vivien smiles at the wry joke. ARTHUR JACOBS watches the proceedings with an eagle eye. Marvellous, isn't she? I suppose you're quite smitten. COLIN looks at her shrewdly, sensing he is being tested. Larry fell desperately in love with her in New York. He's determined to seduce her. Oh, Colin, I thought you were a man of the world. She gives him an arch smile and leans in intimately. Oh, don't be such a boy! COLIN looks shaken and she touches his hand in contrition. At least you still adore me, don't you? I'm 43, darling. No one will love me for much longer. Not even you. He goes to protest but she stills him with a finger to his lips, her smile quickly restored. Such a lark! I long to see her. COLIN stands by the door. OLIVIER looks at his watch and shoots him a questioning glance. But Marilyn is not ready. She's preparing. MARILYN glances up at COLIN in the mirror and smiles with unexpected simplicity. Excuse the horrible face. She finds her dark glasses on the dresser and puts them on. How lovely you are. Here, I kept a place for you. PAULA bursts forward, steering Marilyn away instead to an empty seat on the other side of the rectangle of tables. She looks at RICHARD WATTIS, the actor occupying the seat next to the empty one. I have to be next to Marilyn! The startled WATTIS gets up graciously and troops all the way around the table to the seat next to SYBIL THORNDIKE. Don't worry, dear, we won't bite. PAULA looks at her in truculent apology. She likes me by her side. What a good idea! I wish we could all bring a friend. One does get so terribly nervous. It's just like the first day at school, isn't it? Gee, Mister Sir, I could listen to your accent all day. Remember why you're in the embassy, Marilyn. What does the Grand Duke want from Elsie? She thought there were going to be a lot of people here and it's just her. Oh, let's see... "Oh, and am I what you'd call new hat?" Locate the experience, Marilyn. Look for the memory that helps you. Remember when you went to that party at Chaplin's house and you were the only guest? How did that make you feel? This time OLIVIER stares at PAULA. Marilyn has to begin finding the character. The words, maybe. Not the character. RICHARD WATTIS whispers to PAUL HARDWICK. Aren't we going to have fun? I'm working. I'm washing my hair. Look, I have two rules. One, never touch the talent... ... and two, never go out with thirds. Because they're all randy little buggers who just want some fun during shooting. I'm free on Saturday. How kind of you to meet us. Dear me, you do look cold. How exciting! Don't you love the first day of a new production? Oh, to be young again! She blows him a kiss and the car rolls in through the gate. Almost immediately OLIVIER's chauffeur driven Bentley appears. She wasn't happy with her make- up. OLIVIER loosens his collar irritably and glances at ORTON. Isn't she pretty though? How kind of you, Colin. Yes, why don't we all sit down? Colin sees her chair by the camera and goes innocently to fetch it. But as he picks it up he is confronted by a stern looking crew member in overalls. I'm sure we're all good union members here. There's no need to fall out over something so trivial. I rather think you've made your point. Solidarity is the important thing here. When unions fall out, it's only management that benefits. I was on the picket lines in 1926, you know. Gee. I forgot my line. I'm sorry. It's so easily done, isn't it? I'm sure I went wrong somewhere there too. Shall we have another go, Larry? "Oh, I'm quite sure you don't, your royal..., oh, I mean, your, uh, Imperial... your uh... serene majesty." It is not clear whether Marilyn's hesitance is acted or not but the others press on gamely. Didn't I have a line somewhere there, dear? That was perfect, Marilyn. You're Elsie to the life! MARILYN smiles awkwardly, not really believing her but SYBIL carries on with complete conviction. SYBIL THORNDIKE (cont'd) Perhaps we could practise our lines together later? You'd be doing me such a kindness. At my great age it's just so hard to make them stick! Why don't you come for tea tomorrow? In fact Sybil is word perfect every time, and everyone knows it. But it is a kind and tactful gesture. MARILYN's face lights up. Can I? I just can't figure this movie out. You were wonderful. You are the most gifted actress I have ever known. You were superb, Marilyn. You were divine. He was angry with me, I could tell. You were great. You are a great, great actress. All my life I have prayed for a great actress I could help and guide. She stops abruptly and gets down on her knees in the corridor in front of Marilyn. COLIN stops awkwardly, his path blocked. Like this. I prayed to God on my knees. And he has given me you. You are that great actress, Marilyn. Come on, Paula, get up. Not until you admit you were great. MARILYN smiles, her mood slowly lightening. Oh, okay. I guess I was. COLIN glances at her, seeing his chance to help. Are you sure you can afford all this? It must be costing a week's wages. You're not the average third, are you? Most of them would be happy with a swift half and a grope in the pub car park. By making eyes at Vivien Leigh? Word gets around. So there's nothing in it? You and Vivien? He smiles mysteriously and leans in to kiss her. She avoids him coolly. I'm not that easy. The WAITER approaches with a bill on a silver salver and offers him a pen. Of course you were. Do you think Marilyn is beautiful? You don't have to try so hard to be charming. You're nice enough as it is. Well, you could be. You know Marilyn's really still in love with Joe DiMaggio? She married Miller on the rebound. The papers are calling them "The Hourglass and the Egghead". Wait a while, crocodile. Maybe. That's my dad. Sorry, Daddy. We were just going over tomorrow's schedule. Colin, dear, I thought you looked cold so I bought you this. She hands him a bright red woollen scarf. COLIN is touched. Film sets and rehearsal rooms are the coldest places on earth. He smiles as her car drives away. He wraps the scarf around his neck and looks up and down the road again. Oh... you have that word in England too? She looks at him in surprise. She looks sedated, not quite there. PAULA leaps protectively to her defence. Marilyn has to prepare properly. She has to find in herself all that lies under the surface. Acting isn't just a case of putting on a costume or some ludicrous false nose. OLIVIER gives her a freezing look then takes Marilyn's hand, leading her forward like a child. I'm sorry... (Cutting her off) My dear, you mustn't concern yourself. A great actress like you has many other things on her mind. A radiant smile spreads slowly across Marilyn's face as the older woman's words sink in. You think I'm a great actress? None of the rest of us truly know how to act for the camera. But you do. It is a rare gift. She looks sharply at OLIVIER. SYBIL THORNDIKE (cont'd) This poor girl hasn't had your years of experience. She is in a strange country, acting a strange part. Now, are you helping or bullying? OLIVIER looks aghast at being so roundly rebuked. COLIN looks on, startled. I found it. Calmly she takes the towel from her hair and wraps it around herself. She smiles quizzically. You can go now, Colin. He hesitates a beat, surprised that she knows his name, before he fumbles for the door. Tell him he can start sending them up. Women first. They kiss again. He pulls away. I'm looking forward to Saturday. He looks at her uncertainly. Our date? Since when do you work for her? Well, of course you must do what Larry says. Gee, it's quiet. It's Marilyn Monroe! Can't we just drop it? Oh, sure. (Pause, she looks stricken) Paula! I don't get it. He's such a strange man. I think she'd figure out he only invited her to sleep with her. The reason Marilyn can't remember the line is because she doesn't believe the situation her character is in. Pretend? We're talking about the difference between the truth and artificial crap. Marilyn needs time to give a great performance. You should give her as long as it takes. Chaplin took eight months to make a movie. I can't do this. I can't. You can do it. You can't fail. You will have more pain, you will suffer more but you will create. All you need is time. Remember, Marilyn, a tree is never just a tree. What kind of tree is Elsie? An elm tree? A birch tree? Think about the things you like, instead of him. Frank Sinatra. Coca Cola. Be specific. The character comes alive if you know what you're doing. Paula! I don't know who Elsie is. I can't act her if I don't know who she is! I can't find her. She's not there. She's not real. Are you saying I don't need to act? I don't want to be myself! (Pause) I want to be an actress playing a character. I want Lee. I am only Lee's representative. It's Colin. COLIN waits a moment then PAULA opens the door wider. PAULA (CONT'D) (cont'd) Come in. Marilyn wants to see you. COLIN stares at her in surprise. How old are you? You remind us of the young king in the movie. Kind of honest and innocent. What's your job on this picture? You're Larry's assistant too. What were you doing in my house last night? Did he send you? Are you spying on me? Colin? Whose side are you on? COLIN stares at her. She looks utterly beautiful and vulnerable in the shadowy light. There is only one answer anyone could give. Call me Marilyn. He is suddenly overwhelmed by a rush of sympathy. She looks so lost and vulnerable. Perhaps he means it. Perhaps he is on her side now. Hello, Colin darling. You look like Horatio defending the bridge. Are you going to let me in? I hope Larry isn't making you all work too hard. I know what a dreadful slave driver he can be. She sees ORTON and takes his hands. David, he would be lost without you. I'm getting old, Jack. I need you to work your miracles on me. Now, you are looking after Larry like I told you? Darling Marilyn! She kisses her on both cheeks and holds her hands. Larry tells me you are quite, quite superb. I'm wild with jealousy. Oh, but everyone says you were a wonderful Elsie on stage. But I'm too old to play her in the film. Larry was quite brutal about that. You see, the truth is all that matters to him. That's why we all admire him so very much. She glances at OLIVIER with a fluttering laugh. He smiles back with a haunted look in his eyes. Now, I must let you work. I only came to wish you good luck! Goodbye, everyone! The crew press around her. MARILYN watches, feeling more than ever the odd one out. COLIN watches her from the edge of the crowd. She cuts a lonely, vulnerable figure. He is totally preoccupied with her, so much so that when VIVIEN comes up behind him he turns guiltily as though caught out. VIVIEN stares at him. All her exuberance has vanished and she looks suddenly tired and older. It as though the facade of a beautiful building is beginning to crack. She gazes at him with bitter disappointment. Oh, Colin. Not you too. He wants to protest but VIVIEN is already turning away. I didn't think she would be so beautiful. She... shines on that screen. If you could see yourself. The way you watch her... Only because she didn't want you. Do you think I'm a fool? You didn't think the little tart could resist the great Laurence Olivier. VIVIEN (CONT'D) (cont'd) But she saw through you, didn't she darling? Take away the actor and what's left of the man? You can't even play the husband properly without a script. (slaps him hard across the face. ) I hope she makes your life hell! Colin, why don't you drop by here on your way home? Good. Don't tell anyone though. Help yourself to a drink. COLIN wheels in surprise. MARILYN stands in the doorway, casually but beautifully dressed in silk trousers and a pale cream shirt. COLIN looks guiltily at the brandy. Here, let me. She pours some brandy into a glass and gives it to him. Are you frightened of me, Colin? Good. Because I like you. I want you to help me. Will you do that? But you know what's going on. You can see both sides of the situation. I want you to be honest. Tell me everything. Relax. I thought you weren't scared of me. (Pause) Are you hungry? I'll have them send in a tray. I'm starved. Oh, gee, I'm sorry. Am I interrupting something? Maybe you have a Mrs. Colin waiting for you at home? So we can talk as long as we like? Why is Sir Olivier so mean? He talks to me as if he's slumming. Are you sure you can handle that? You don't look old enough to drink. It's Marilyn. (Pause) I'm 30. I guess that makes me an old lady to you. Do you know I've been married three times already? How did that happen? They always look right at the start. Let's walk in the garden. See if we can find any more reporters in the bushes. She giggles. COLIN's heart contracts as she casually takes his arm. I didn't know it was so pretty out here. I am the sights. She giggles again, her mood lighter. Look at us. We're just like Elsie and the young King. What would Sir Laurence say if he could see us now? I wanted to be an artist. To grow as an actor. I was so proud to be working with the great Olivier. (Pause) Now he thinks I'm the enemy. She looks at him innocently. COLIN hesitates. Every time I walk into the studio I feel this sense of doom come over me. He looks at me like he's smelling a pile of rotten fish. And the crew hate me. Paula is the only person I can trust. (Pause) Except for you now, maybe. She looks at him, her eyes huge. COLIN feels his senses swim as he stares into them... ... and then ROGER suddenly appears on the steps. Goodbye, Colin. Thanks for telling me the truth. COLIN stares after her. It is a second before he realises that ROGER is gazing at him sternly. I waited for you on Friday. So I hear. Of course there isn't. Marilyn Monroe fancying you? Come on. COLIN is put out. Up to now he has never fully confronted the possibility of Marilyn wanting him, but he doesn't like the idea being dismissed so lightly. Lucy sees it and her eyes widen in surprise and hurt. Before she can respond MARILYN herself coming towards them in her gown, her hair up in towel, surrounded by PAULA and her MAKE-UP people. She offers him a dazzling smile. Hi, Colin. COLIN smiles, self-conscious. MARILYN stops and frowns, looking at Lucy. Hey, are you guys dating? That's what I heard. She looks at him expectantly and suddenly his growing fantasy that she might actually be interested in him kicks in hard. He shrugs casually. Too bad. You look cute together. She walks off with her retinue. There is a long pause. COLIN looks up to see LUCY staring at him in dismay. There are sudden tears in her eyes, which she wipes away angrily. I thought you were different. And now it's time to set your sights a little higher. I get it. (Pause) Who do you think you are, Cary Grant? She shoves the rack of clothes back towards the wardrobe department. Part of him knows he should go after her, but in the end he just stays where he is. He can't help feeling an unworthy sense of relief. Roger and I decided to take you out for an adventure. Didn't we Roger? No one can sack you, Colin. (Pause) Except me, of course. She pats the seat next to her. I don't like being on my own in the back. Before COLIN can respond he sees the curious MILTON running back, having spotted MARILYN in the back. Do you think he saw me? COLIN can't help laughing. He finally tumbles into the back seat with MARILYN as the car speeds away. She scoots up to make room for him. Snuggle up. This is fun. She threads her arm through his. He gazes down at their hands meshed together. ROGER's disapproval registers in the faintest flicker of his eyes. In the background the defeated and frustrated MILTON watches the car speed away. This is how I ought to feel every day. COLIN smiles. Impulsively MARILYN hugs him. Let's run away together. He turns ashen. Just kidding. She looks around happily. COLIN smiles at her. Only one day? Or a week? He grins. She takes his hand, walking contentedly at his side. What shall we do? We met at a movie premiere. She said my dress was pretty. Gee, I'd love to read all these books some time. She's beautiful. I hope I look that good when I'm I've heard of him! Didn't he paint that lady with the funny smile? Do you have that one here too? Really? Look, Colin. COLIN kneels at her side. I sure never had a dolls' house like this when I was a kid. She sees a perfect doll family inside, husband, wife and two children. She points at them, her eyes shining. This is me, that's you, and these are our kids. She smiles wistfully and puts her hand on his arm. Our daughter's so pretty. All little girls should be told how pretty they are. They should grow up knowing how much their mother loves them. Her eyes fill with sadness for a moment. We look like such a happy family, don't we? Shall I be "her"? She jumps up onto a step and strikes a pose - hip out, shoulders back, bosom thrust forward, the classic Marilyn "look". The delighted crowd bursts into cheers. COLIN stands proudly nearby, content to watch Marilyn being a star, basking in the certain knowledge that she will be leaving with him. One of the spectators turns to him. This isn't a school, it's a palace! COLIN smiles. It's like walking through history. Whipped? I'd never send my kids away. (pause) How long were you here? Why? It seems to me that you've had most things pretty easy. So how are you going to do it? Sounds pretty good to me. Work hard, boys! I don't want anyone whipping you! A gawky young teenager near the front shouts out cheekily. Hurry up, slow poke. Oh my gosh! It's freezing! This is great. Don't worry. Roger will fix it. Oh, darn it... She holds her head and he looks at her with concern. I have something in my eye. He swims across to her, very aware of her naked body under the water. She holds her head up to him. Get closer. She tips her head back. He looks deep into her eyes - and suddenly she grabs him and kisses him on the lips. Before he can respond she laughs playfully and swims away. That's the first time I've kissed anyone younger than me. There's a lot of older guys in Hollywood. She swims happily, totally relaxed. COLIN is much more self- conscious, keeping one nervous eye open for pleasure boats. Finally she swims back into the shallows and wades to the shore. She glances back, catching Colin looking. He glances away, embarrassed. Don't be shy, Colin. It's nothing you haven't seen before. Oh, Colin! And you an old Etonian! Don't spoil it. I want this to be the perfect date. I haven't had a real date since I was 13 years old. That was nice. I don't get kissed much. Okay, what do we do now? COLIN looks at her, knowing it is time to return to the real world but reluctant to face it. There is a discreet cough and ROGER appears. Hi Milton. She smiles sweetly. Next time I come on set, you better make sure Colin is there. He looks at her in shock then bitterly at COLIN. Take him home. She hasn't made a sound for over an hour. Oh hi, Colin. Phooey. She pats the sheets at her side and settles down sleepily on the pillow. Get in. She is instantly back asleep. COLIN fumbles his way to the door. He searches for the key on the side table and quickly finds it. He goes to unlock the door, but then pauses, looking back at Marilyn. He puts the key back and bends down to whisper at the keyhole. Colin, open this door! She needs me... COLIN goes back to the bed and gazes at the sleeping Marilyn, his expression suffused with a tenderness we have never seen in him before. He pulls up the sheet so that it covers her nakedness, then tentatively lies down to rest his head on the pillow. Colin? What are you doing here? MARILYN sits up, the sheet clutched to her chest, her expression panicky and disoriented. COLIN hurls himself off the bed. The window? Is there a balcony, like in Romeo And Juliet? How romantic. (Pause) But I'm not sick. What makes them think that? My mom. They took her to the Sanatorium when I was a kid. I grew up in other people's homes, mostly. I don't know who my father is so it might as well be him. Why not? I can pick any father I want. Do you have a home, Colin? A real one? And a mother and father who still live together? And do they love you? You're lucky. Do you love me, Colin? I'm not Greek. I don't want to be a Goddess. I just want to be loved like an ordinary girl. I found his notebook. It said I'd let him down. He wanted me to find it. It said he should never have married me. That I was unpredictable and a woman-child, flighty and self- centred. He's left me, Colin. Why do the people I love always leave me? All people ever see is Marilyn Monroe. As soon as they realise I'm not her, they run. Boy, there's a lot of men in this business. And they all think you've got to sleep with them. You're not like that. That's why I like you. You should date that Wardrobe lady. She's pretty. What's the matter? Don't you want to make love? Okay. Friends. This is nice. Like spoons. I used to do this with Johnny. Johnny Hyde. My agent, back in the old days. He was thin, like you... Okay. "I found a dream and lay in your arms the whole night through... I'm yours no matter what others may say or do... She has never sounded so happy or carefree. COLIN smiles. From the first moment all I have felt is Olivier's loathing and contempt. He thinks I'm unnecessary. Me, her drama coach, surrogate mother, nursemaid. On call 24 hours a day to help her act, dole out pills, bolster her ego, keep her sober enough to work. (Pause) Me. Unnecessary. (Pause) No me, no Marilyn. He is taken aback by her passion. She smiles bitterly then walks on. COLIN hesitates. She looks back briefly. You can come up now. You think I can act, don't you, Colin? Marilyn's tired now. I want him to stay with me. You have no idea of your position in the world, Marilyn. You are the greatest actress there's ever been. Not just actress. The greatest woman of this or any time. I love you like a daughter. It's hard now, but believe me you will survive this and go on to better things. Your life is ahead of you. You're young, just beginning. I'm so tired of feeling scared. Life is so shitty. I hate it. It hurts too much. Good old Colin. Looking after me, looking after Larry, looking after Vivien. Always putting everyone before yourself. It hurts! It hurts, Colin! She is doubled up, clutching her stomach, sweating and frightened. COLIN sees a dark red stain on the sheets. The baby. I can't lose the baby. COLIN looks at her aghast. It's a surprise. For Arthur. Don't tell anyone. Promise me. He hurls himself off the bed and runs to the door. Don't let anyone in. Marilyn! Marilyn, my baby, what has Colin done to you? What will Arthur say if she dies? Please save her... it's Marilyn Monroe. You can't let her die. CONNELL calmly extracts himself from her grasp. She'll be safe with me. We have to say goodbye now, Colin. Arthur's on his way back. When this film is over I'm going to settle down and be a good wife to him. I'm going to learn to make Matzo ball soup as good as his dad's. She smiles wistfully at the fantasy. We have to forget this ever happened. What do you want to do? Marry me? This is what I've worked for my whole life. I couldn't just give it all up. You think I'm crazy? I am happy. I got everything I ever dreamed about. Well, maybe just a wink. Once in a while. He smiles, looks at her just once more, and then goes out. As the door closes we see Marilyn's smile fade to be replaced by a bleak, frightened expression. I hope you will all forgive me. It wasn't altogether my fault. I have been ill. I'd like you to remember I tried. First love is such sweet despair, Colin. She touches his cheek gently and smiles, perhaps lost in a long ago memory of her own, before retreating quietly into the darkness at the back of the set. Of course not. It's from Marilyn Monroe. He smiles. She shrugs and turns to leave. I'm washing my hair. He nods, accepting this as no more than he deserves. She goes but then stops to look back at him. Did she break your heart? Good. It needed breaking. There is no malice in her response, just an awareness that he is older and wiser now, and perhaps a better man for the experience. He nods, accepting the rebuke. (After a second) I might be free on Wednesday. COLIN smiles. She goes out. He looks down at Marilyn's present in his hands. Buy a girl a drink? COLIN doesn't turn. He recognizes the voice and smiles. I didn't want to leave without saying goodbye. The first time you saw this, all I had on was the radio. Colin opens the package. It's her copy of the script. On the first page she has written a message scrawled in ink: TO THE Don't forget me. Everyone else on the picture wishes they could. Be a gentleman and walk me to my car? That's for being on my side; and remember, when you see me wink, that's for you. ROGER walks around the car and looks over at COLIN. It's probably just someone having a joke. COLIN looks down at the message. There is a Los Angeles phone number and then the name - Marilyn Monroe. She just asked you to call. (Pause) It is a joke, isn't it? COLIN stares down at the paper. "I found a dream and lay in your arms the whole night through, I'm yours no matter what others may say or do. Be light of heart and fancy free, that's the way to start, there will be nothing to lose till you lose your heart..." The fragile voice hangs in the air for a second, then slowly drifts away to nothing. 