Hear what? The wolf HOWLS AGAIN. The Boy shivers, fearful. I know what he told you. He told you about the Wolf. The Beast of Villiers la Croisée. (off Boy's look) The people of that village have been spreading that nonsense since before you were a tickle in your daddy's prick. I'd give you a whipping for believing it if I thought it would do any good. The Old Knight stares into the fire, then speaks. Half the people in these parts claim to have seen it. What the devil are you --?! Honestly, Isabelle. Just kill it. I can't. It's the fifth commandment. Thou shalt not kill. Lucie rolls her eyes. Isabelle crouches, letting the spider crawl off her hand. She watches it skitter away, then calls to Suzette, feigning nonchalance: I'm going to take Father some water. All right. Don't be long. Isabelle smiles, grabs a bucket and ladle, and anxiously heads toward the village. Lucie watches her go, dubious. I can do it myself. The Carpenter smiles. Of course she can. Mother thought you might be thirsty. You should know better than that. I think my sister's starting to suspect something. I don't care. I wish she would tell him. I want everyone to know. Besides, my father likes you. What's going on? Was it the Wolf? I know. You say that every month. I'd better go. Don't get used to this. I start my sewing lessons next week. I'll manage somehow. Pride is a cardinal sin, by the way. You mind your grandmother, understand? You're her student now, the same as the other girls. Yes, Mother. Suzette hands her the basket with a proud look. My last baby has grown up. You're only encouraging him. I know. THREE GIRLS (ages 16-18) approach: ROXANNE (round-faced, cheery and instantly likable), PRUDENCE (practical, serious), and ROSEMARIA (pretty, arrogant, flirtatious). A playful PUPPY tags along. Prudence and Rosemaria look tired, but Roxanne greets Isabelle with a big smile. You look happy. Aren't you excited? It's too early to be excited. I'm just trying to look on the bright side. Well, stop it before somebody hurts you. The girls have a laugh at Roxanne's expense. Did you hear about her and the Darley brothers? Oh, no! Which one? Both! On the same night! Isabelle gives an incredulous look and Prudence tries to contain her laughter. Rosemaria hears and looks back at them. She scowls at Isabelle. Why does your grandmother have to live so far away? What's the matter, Rosemaria? Having trouble walking? Prudence laughs. Roxanne frowns, disapproving. Rosemaria shoots Isabelle a dirty look. Well, stop dawdling. Come on, come on. The girls hurry inside, but Grandmother stops Isabelle. Your mother has warned you not to expect any special treatment from me? Yes, ma'am. Grandmother eyes her a moment longer, then breaks into a smile and surreptitiously hands her a bright red apple. Well, then your mother doesn't know me very well, does she? Isabelle smiles as Grandmother ushers her inside. There. This is going to be my foundation. Everything I do now will build off of this. She shows the row of stitches to Roxanne. Roxanne, is this a good foundation? I don't know. Why not? Well... you haven't told us what you're making. There's something else I haven't told you. I haven't told you why I'm making it. Before you begin any task, you must first always ask yourself why. Why? The girls laugh. Grandmother gives her a patient smile. Because understanding why you are doing something is the key to doing it successfully. So, before we begin today, let's be certain that we have a good foundation. Who can tell me why you are here? To become seamstresses. To learn how to sew and mend clothes. That's what you are doing. But why are you doing it? Blank looks. None of them have ever considered this. Isabelle, your sister studied with me last winter. What does she do now? She works with the women. Why don't you work with them? I don't know how to yet. And how does that make you feel? Isabelle thinks for a moment, then has an insight. Like a child. Grandmother gives her a smile, then continues. You will be coming here every day for the next three months. During that time, I will teach you everything you need to know to be productive members of our community. But there is something far more important that will also be happening here. All the girls are paying close attention now, but Grandmother seems to be speaking directly to Isabelle. You will be proving your worth and learning your place in the world. And I promise you, when you leave here for the last time, you will never feel like a child again. What about? Peter just looks at her for a beat. Isabelle turns and sees that the other girls have stopped to watch. Isabelle shoots them a look. The girls take the hint and leave. When they've gone, Peter walks up to Isabelle. Telling you what? Henri Smith? Is this a joke? Who told you this? It's all been arranged. Your marriage to Henri will settle our debt to his father. Isabelle nods, shaken. Cesaire sees that she's upset. We know that you and Peter have become friends. But you have adult responsibilities now. That means putting your family's interests ahead of your own. So Henri Smith is in the family's interest and Peter is not? But what? He's poor? He's an orphan? He's not one of us. His parents were outsiders. Why? Because they hadn't lived here since Noah built the ark? You mind your tongue. Isabelle is about to respond, when she notices something. Lucie is crying. A beat. Lucie looks up at her parents. Do you realize how this makes me look? I'm older than her by more than a year. If anyone should be getting married in the spring, it's me. Everyone is taken aback. Lucie storms out of the cottage, angrily wiping tears. Isabelle watches her go. We knew Isabelle was going to be stubborn. It wouldn't be like her to simply do as she's told. She's too much like her grandmother. She's a good girl, but she's still a child. Talk to her. You're her father. She'll listen to you. Isabelle glances over at Lucie... and sees that she's been eavesdropping, too. Lucie turns away, embarrassed. Isabelle gives her a sad look. Hello, Henri. Yes. My parents are very pleased. It's a very generous arrangement. I'm not sure. We've never really talked that much. What for? Not until the spring festival. That's months away. A lot can happen in a few months. Henri seems disappointed. She sees this and reconsiders. All right. What would you like to talk about? Well, I'm glad we had this conversation. Isabelle abruptly turns and walks away, leaving Henri surprised and a little hurt. She passes Peter, her eyes averted. He glances back at her as she and walks away... You know, I had a sweetheart when I was your age, too. Isabelle looks up, intrigued in spite of herself. Suzette smiles slyly at her reaction. What happened? Nothing happened. My parents arranged for me to marry your father and that was the end of that. Didn't you want to marry your sweetheart? Of course, I did. But there's more to marriage than being in love. Love doesn't always last and it certainly doesn't fill your children's bellies in the winter. You've never wished you could have married that other boy? Not even once. Isabelle eyes her, still uncertain. I don't care what my parents want. They don't own me. I love you. It does to me. Doesn't it matter to you? You sound like my mother. I don't believe you. I don't believe you! He doesn't look back. She watches him go, heartbroken. Yes, Father. Isabelle reluctantly turns and walks away. The girls follow her. Roxanne gives Lucie a concerned look. What's wrong with Lucie? How would you feel if you were in love with your sister's fiancée? Isabelle stops short and gives Rosemaria a sharp look. Lucie is not in love with my fiancée. Really? So she's just had a crush on him since she was ten? As if she would really tell you something like that. She didn't. She told my sister. (off Isabelle's look) Did you honestly not know? Isabelle clearly had no idea, but tries to hide it. Just then, they walk by the blacksmith's shop where Henri works with his father, ADRIEN. Henri smiles at Isabelle. Come on. We're going to be late. She turns away. Rosemaria gives her a smug look. Rosemaria...? The other girls stop and hurry back to the fork, dismayed to find Rosemaria headed down the overgrown path. What are you doing? What does it look like? You can't go that way. You have to stay on the path. This way is faster. But it's not safe. My brother says the bridge is rotten. I don't care. It's bad enough working all day in that smelly cottage. It's not reasonable for them to expect us to walk that far every day on top of that. She walks away, defiant. The girls look nervous. Then: If you get lost, nobody will come looking for you. Not tonight. This last part gives Rosemaria pause. She looks down the narrow path. It suddenly seems a little ominous. Grudgingly, she returns to the group. The other girls exchange quiet looks of relief. They continue on. The wind blows leaves across the abandoned path... Everyone finish what you're working on. Your parents will be worried if you're not home before it starts to get dark. The girls begin packing up their work. Prudence sighs. I wish someone would just kill that stupid wolf. You can't just kill it. It's not an ordinary wolf. It's a devil- wolf. A servant of Satan himself. Prudence rolls her eyes. Whatever. Who cares what it is? It's only one night a month. You stay inside, lock up the animals, and you don't go into the forest. It's never killed anyone from the village and as long as we leave it alone, it never will. My goodness. I had no idea our young people were so woefully uneducated these days. (off their looks) Our village was not always like this. When I was young, this was a very special place. Traders and merchants came here from lands I'd never heard of selling things I had never seen. King Philip the Bold even visited here once. But that, of course, was before the Wolf came. The girls listen attentively. Your parents fear the Wolf because they remember when it did kill people from the village. Break down doors in the middle of the night and snatch children right out of their beds. Rumors began to spread that we were cursed. That was when our village began to die. And that was why my husband led a group of men into the woods to kill the Wolf. But instead, it killed him. Isabelle reacts. She has never heard this story before. After that, people here didn't have much stomach to go hunting for it anymore. But something had changed. The Wolf stopped killing in the village. Even our livestock were usually safe as long as they were brought inside. So we decided it was safer to compromise. We gave the Wolf its one night a month, the night of the full moon, and it has left us alone ever since. People still die. Yes, but nobody we know. Everyone knows what should be done. But it's not always easy to do what you know is right. Sometimes it's easier to settle for being safe. Isabelle frowns, unsatisfied. You were right. About Peter. I was being childish. But I'm not going to marry Henri. Cesaire and Suzette stop eating. Suzette levels a cold look at Isabelle. You'll do as you're told. It's all been arranged. The family gains the same no matter which one of us marries him. And I don't love Henri. Lucie does. Lucie looks up, surprised to be dragged into this. She's right. It's not fair. I will gladly trade places with her. A beat. Then, without looking up, Lucie whispers: Shut up. Isabelle is stung, the smile wiped from her face. I'm sorry... I... Please. Just shut up and mind your own business. A tense beat. Isabelle looks away, hurt and confused. What on earth --? The Young Man glances at Isabelle. Something about the look in his eyes makes Isabelle go pale... It's my little secret. A pinch will help you rest. A little more and you'll sleep through the end of the world. Grandmother smiles. Isabelle smiles back, weak. I think I'd like that. What is it? Nothing. Grandmother curtly wraps what she's found in a washcloth. Take your brother home. Embarrassed, Roxanne quickly grabs Claude and drags him away, but he fights her, crying and kicking. Isabelle's family is met by Henri and his father, Adrien. I know something. Cesaire and Suzette give Grandmother surprised looks. She walks up to the table and hands Attewater the wadded up washcloth we saw her with earlier. I found this. I believe it must belong to her attacker. Attewater unfolds the washcloth. There are a few strands of hair inside. He gives her a sharp look. No, it isn't. It's human. A stunned silence comes over the room. Yet she was holding a man's hair in her hand when she died. That the man and the Wolf may be one and the same. A low MURMUR works its way through the crowd. Not someone. You're talking about Father Solomon. This sends a ripple of comment through the room. Who gave you permission to wear that? Nobody. I just -- Your Grandmother made that for Lucie. Take it off. Isabelle hesitates, then does as she's told. Suzette snatches the cloak away from her. A beat. It was folded when they found her. Her clothes, too. Did you notice that? Someone must have folded them. A beat. Isabelle is reluctant to voice her thoughts... She was so unhappy. Suzette turns, her eyes narrowing dangerously. What are you saying? Maybe she went into the woods on purpose. Maybe she wanted to die. Suddenly: Suzette slaps her across the face. Hard. Lucie's soul is at peace with God. Don't you ever again suggest otherwise. Suzette turns away in tears. Isabelle is stunned speechless. I'm sorry. I just need to talk to someone. Can I come in? Peter balks. Just then, a figure appears. Isabelle can't believe her eyes... It's Rosemaria. She's standing behind Peter, but it's clear that she's naked. No. You can't. She wraps an arm around Peter's waist. Isabelle gives him a stricken look and runs away. Peter watches her go. I hate the cold. Why can't we have lessons in the summer? I suppose that would be easier. But then that would defeat the purpose. People only change when things are difficult. Isabelle gives her a look, understanding, then turns away. Grandmother puts a hand on her shoulder and then leaves her alone. Isabelle stares into the fire... I caught the little bastard watching us! Watching what? Just then, the Merchant enters from the bedroom, adjusting his clothes. He hesitates when he sees Roxanne, then drops a handful of coins on the table and leaves. Marguerite puts the coins in a leather purse. Roxanne glares at her. It's money, isn't it? You could make twice this your first time. They pay more for virgins. Roxanne recoils in disgust and storms out in tears. I heard your father wounded the beast. He was a brave man. I thought your mother would be here. They used to be quite close. Isabelle gives her a sharp look, but Lucrece says nothing more. Isabelle looks down at the coffin with a sudden realization... You told me you had a sweetheart before you were married. It was Henri's father, wasn't it? Lucie was in love with Henri. She could have married him. (off Suzette's look) Couldn't she have? We arranged for you to marry him. But you gained the same no matter which one of us married him. So why did it have to be me? I think you know the answer to that question. No. You say it. Suzette's eyes well up. Then: Lucie was Henri's half-sister. She was not your father's daughter. Isabelle suddenly looks ill. Reluctant, she asks: Am I? Do you even know? Yes. I was already pregnant when your father and I married. Does he know? No. And he must never know. Tears spill down Isabelle's cheeks. She walks away. Isabelle! Promise me you won't tell him. Isabelle gives her a look that doesn't promise much. She leaves without answering. I've found that there's no burden that doesn't at least seem a little lighter on a full stomach. I don't know what to do. She wants me to pretend like I don't know. How am I supposed to go on living in that house? You have a right to be angry with her. But try not to hate her. Too much hate will eat you alive. Isabelle nods and rests her head on Grandmother's shoulder. I heard there's going to be a festival on the night of the next full moon. To celebrate. A festival? I've never been to one! My father says he hasn't seen one since he was a boy. It's strange, isn't it? You think because things have been a certain way your whole life that they'll always be the same. Then overnight everything just changes. But Isabelle is distracted. Amidst the morning bustle, she sees Rosemaria laughing with Peter. Roxanne notices. Just then, they hear HORSES approaching. A lot of them. Everyone stops what they're doing, listening, suddenly apprehensive. The girls turn toward the sound and see... ... A DOZEN SOLDIERS in identical armor, silver helmets gleaming in the sun, riding into the square atop armored steeds. The Villagers gape at them in awe. The Soldiers ride escort to a WHITE COACH with a red cross on it, drawn by two horses: one white, one black. A FIGURE rides inside, cloaked in darkness. Isabelle gives it an uneasy look. Leading the Soldiers is the CAPTAIN OF THE GUARD, his helmet adorned with a blood-red plume. He brings the caravan to a halt in front of the Merchant's shop. I'm going to the festival. All right then. She doesn't look up from her knitting. Isabelle leaves. I'm sorry... She acts more like a mother to him than a sister. Someone has to look after him. I know. But who looks after her? Isabelle gives Roxanne a sad look. Please, don't do this -- Henri brushes her aside, but too hard and she stumbles. Peter instantly grabs hold of Henri's wrist. Henri Peter! Wait! I just want to make sure you're all right. Peter stops. He whirls on Isabelle, incredulous. You're bleeding. You think I want to feel like this? You think I enjoy feeling like a fool every day because I can't stop loving you? Peter's bravado falters. He can't completely hide what her words do to him. She looks up at him, realizing... Why are you with Rosemaria? You hate Rosemaria. You're a terrible liar. Isabelle takes a step closer and presses the palm of her hand against his chest. A beat. There. You're heart is starting to beat faster. And the little black circles in the middle of your eyes still get bigger when I touch you. She gazes up at him. He tries not to look in her eyes, but can't stop himself. You can tell me you don't love me, but I know what you're really feeling. I can feel it with my hand and see it with my eyes. Peter hesitates, then covers her hand with his own. How could you think that? That means less to me now than ever. We can leave here. We can go someplace where we'll both be strangers. The only life I want is with you. I know you are. I just don't care. She kisses him on the mouth, then quickly steps back, as if she did it before she could change her mind. Then he takes her in his arms and they kiss, long and hard. I don't want to wait. It's not soon enough. She pulls him to her and kisses him. This feels like a dream. I'm afraid if I leave you I might wake up. He kisses her and holds her tight. Neither of them notice Henri, angrily watching from the shadows... I've never seen it full before... Suddenly -- the CHURCH BELLS start to ring. Everyone falls silent. Confused looks all around. Then, somewhere in the dark... ... a WOLF HOWLS. The Villagers gasp. A WOMAN screams. People start to panic. Claude is knocked down. Claude! Then something massive pushes its way through the surging crowd, bursting from the darkness... It's THE WOLF. The Villagers gape in horror. It makes the wolf that they killed look like a chihuahua. But there's something about its face that isn't canine at all, but ghoulishly human as it HOWLS at the moon. Suddenly, a group of Villagers throw off their cloaks, revealing themselves to be Solomon's armored Soldiers. Each of them draws a gleaming sword and points it at the Wolf. They've been lying in wait and now they have it surrounded. The Wolf SNARLS at them. Where's Claude? Where is he?! Claude! Claude! Roxanne spots Rosemaria and grabs her, begging for help. Have you seen my brother? Please! But Rosemaria just pushes her aside, panicked. An instant later -- the Wolf appears out of nowhere, jumping on Rosemaria. She screams, then -- CRUNCH. The screams stop. Isabelle and Roxanne gape in horror, then run. Claude! Where are you?! Isabelle drags her to the ground and covers her mouth. You have to stop it. He can't hear you and you are going to get us killed. Do you understand me? Roxanne nods, crying. Isabelle helps her up -- and finds herself face-to-face with the Wolf. Roxanne screams. They run back the way they came, turn another corner -- Come on! Isabelle climbs the wall, but Roxanne's not going to make it. Isabelle jumps down to help her... ... just as the Wolf's shadow falls over the alley. The girls watch helplessly as the Wolf slowly walks toward them, SNARLING and glaring at them with its strange, near- human eyes. Then, inexplicably... the Wolf speaks. How do you know me? Who are you? Isabelle...? The Wolf GROWLS, cutting her off, and turns back to Isabelle. It moves closer. Isabelle looks into its eyes. They suddenly seem very big and deep, almost hypnotizing. She seems to fall into them... What big eyes you have... Are you going to kill us? Then what do you want? I don't know who you are, but we are not the same. I would rather die than go with you. Is Peter here? Peter? I don't think so. What about Claude? Or my parents? I haven't seen any of them. Would you look for them? Please? Prudence nods and rushes off. Roxanne slumps in a corner, a dazed look on her face. A beat. You talked to it. It talked to us. A chill runs down Roxanne's spine. A long beat. No. It only growled. (off Isabelle's look) You heard it talk to you? Isabelle doesn't know what to say. She glances around to see if anyone has overheard. Then: Do not speak of this to anyone. Roxanne nods, but eyes Isabelle warily. Isabelle turns away, afraid and confused. Mother! Father! Is she dead? Peter... My mother's hurt. I can't leave. Not now. I don't have any choice. It's not just my mother. Something else happened last night. (off his look) I can't tell you about it. I just have to stay. Peter nods, but his face darkens. A long, tense beat. I meant everything I said. This isn't what I wanted. Has Claude come home? No. Nobody has seen him. He's run away before. He'll be all right. Roxanne nods, unconvinced. Prudence joins them. They all exchange a sad look. Well. I suppose this is all of us. The three of them turn and start toward the woods... It talked to you. And you understood it? As clearly as I do you now. Grandmother fixes her with a serious look. A beat. Word of this cannot be allowed to spread. Do you understand me? Roxanne will never speak of it. She won't even talk to me about it. A long beat. Isabelle is working up her nerve. Then: I have to do what it wants. (off her look) I have communed with an unholy beast. What does that make me if not cursed? I don't know. But I won't allow you to go with this devil and live as its concubine. But if it comes back for me and I don't go with it, then it will kill again. If I have the power to save even one life, aren't I compelled to do so? This is why it chose you. You're a good girl with a gentle heart. It's using that against you. But how could it? Unless it really does know me? Isabelle and Grandmother exchange an anxious look... What about my family's debt? They've caught the werewolf! He's been hiding in a hayloft. They caught him trying to steal food. But who is it? An angry crowd has gathered. Solomon's Soldiers are all that's stopping it from turning into a lynch mob. Isabelle finds Roxanne in tears, trying to force her way through the crowd. What's wrong? What's happening? Roxanne doesn't answer, just plunges into the crowd. Isabelle goes in after her. Cesaire tries to stop her. Claude!! It's not him! It can't be! If he's not the werewolf, then why was he hiding? What's he afraid of? The Soldiers carry Claude off and Roxanne stumbles after them. Isabelle tries to follow, but Cesaire stops her. She can only watch helplessly as Claude is dragged away. The good of the people is the chief law. And write. I was studying to be a nun when I met my husband. He was a priest. She grins. Is she being serious? Attewater bristles. You know the boy is innocent. He's being tried because he's different. Because Father Solomon knows he can turn us against him. A wolf hunting sheep picks off the weakest ones first. (off his look) This is just the beginning. She enters the manor hall. Attewater watches her go. In broad daylight with my own eyes. Everyone here has seen it. Yes, Your Eminence. I saw it for the Devil's work, but they laughed at me and paid him money. Isabelle and Grandmother exchange a concerned look. Through a SERIES OF CUTS, more witnesses are questioned: Roxanne weeps as her mother testifies against Claude. I am his mother. I don't know, sir. I never learned his name, sir. Not much, sir. She lowers her eyes, ashamed. Solomon considers her. Yes! Yes, I remember now! He came to me in my sleep! It wasn't my fault! God save me, it wasn't my fault! Roxanne buries her face in her hands. It isn't him. It can't be. He was with us when the Wolf attacked. Solomon is taken aback. Surprised MURMURS in the room. I can! It's true! I saw him! She's his sister! She'll say anything! The suspicious Villagers agree. Roxanne gives Isabelle a desperate look. Then Isabelle spots the Carpenter. He was there! He carried Claude away! He saved his life! Suddenly, all eyes are on the Carpenter. He shrinks back. He glances at his WIFE. She stares at him. Hard. Why wouldn't Father Solomon listen to me? Doesn't he care that Claude isn't guilty? He'd rather let an innocent boy die than risk letting the Wolf go free. But the Wolf is free. And the moon will be full in two days. The full weight of this hits home. Grandmother leans close, lowers her voice. We both know it will be coming for you. You must leave here tomorrow and never return. A long beat. Isabelle reluctantly shakes her head. I cannot leave. You have no choice. The alternative is unthinkable. What is unthinkable is that I should be responsible for the deaths of everyone that I love. I'd rather spend a lifetime of misery than let that happen. The Wolf's sins are on its own twice-damned soul, not yours. But what if it was you it wanted? Would you go with it to save me? Or would you leave me to die? Grandmother doesn't have a fast answer for that. Suddenly, a HIDEOUS, INARTICULATE SCREAM echoes in the night. Isabelle and Grandmother exchange a grave look. Father Solomon. Extorting his confession. Claude's screams sending chills down their spines. How can you just sit there and listen to this? Marguerite ignores her. Furious, Roxanne stands up and grabs Marguerite's coin purse. Where are you going with that? Roxanne doesn't answer, just pulls on her cloak. Marguerite grabs her, but Roxanne turns and shoves her to the ground. Marguerite starts to get up, but Roxanne snatches a knife from off the table and points it at her. Don't you touch me again. Ever. Roxanne angrily throws the knife aside and leaves. I would like to bargain for the release of my brother. What? That's not possible! I have more than money to offer you. She raises a trembling hand and starts to open her bodice, but Solomon interrupts. Wait! I have something else! I know the name of a witch! Solomon looks up sharply. The Soldiers stop. Solomon crosses the room and stands glaring down at Roxanne. She cringes. This is the hardest decision of her life... Spare my brother and I will tell you her name. We were friends. All my life. Yes, Your Eminence. On the night of the last full moon, she talked to the werewolf. And later she told me that it also talked to her. Isabelle gives Grandmother a frightened look. Cesaire clenches his fist. Solomon turns to Isabelle. No. I do not deny it. The crowd REACTS. Solomon quiets them with a look. It spoke, just as a man speaks. It told me... It promised to leave here and never return. But only if I leave with it. Roxanne gives her a stunned look. A heavy silence falls over the room. Even Solomon is surprised. Then: I don't know! I swear I don't know! What's the matter with you? You know her. You all know her. She could have run away. She could saved herself, but she stayed here because she cares more about you than she does herself. The first victim was her sister. The second was her fiancée's father. Then Rosemaria, who everyone knows she hated. And don't forget her mother, with half her face missing. All this death around one girl... Prudence has heard enough. She turns away. I'm here for my brother. He gestures. Roxanne turns... and sees Claude's body dangling from a makeshift gallows. He's been hanged. I'm not going to let these worthless shits sacrifice you to save themselves. We have to find the real werewolf before tomorrow night. That's impossible. Even Father Solomon doesn't have the first clue. Father Solomon doesn't know the things that I know. (off Isabelle's look) I am the oldest person in this village who was here when the Wolf first came. I remember the old days. And what is happening now is much worse. What was it like in the old days? The Wolf never used to attack in the open like it did at the festival. It's a coward at heart. It would kill whole families in their homes, but it always stayed in the shadows. It never would have shown itself in the old days. It's grown bold. Or perhaps it made a mistake. You're at the center of this. At least two of the victims can be tied to you. What if it had to kill so many at the festival to hide the fact that the first two killings weren't random? But who would want to kill Lucie? Your parents said that the Wolf broke into the house and took Lucie. We both know that's not true. What really happened? Isabelle hesitates, reluctant. My mother made me swear I would never speak of it. Lucie went to the Wolf willingly. Grandmother reacts, horrified. Why would you think such a thing? She was in love with Henri. She took her own life over a boy? What other explanation is there? Grandmother thinks. The pieces are fitting together... Hello, Henri. You spoke up very loudly in Isabelle's defense today. That was very brave. You're under no obligation to stand in her defense. You broke off your engagement to her. As her sister would have done anything for you. (off his look) Lucie was in love with you. But you knew that, didn't you? She kept it secret from almost everyone. Even Isabelle didn't know. Did you tell anyone? Not even your father? So he knew your secrets, did he? Henri picks up a hammer and goes back to work. Angrily nailing a shoe to the horse's foot. BANG! BANG! BANG! You were the only one who could have lured Lucie out on the Wolf's night. And none of the men who went hunting for the Wolf remember seeing you after the sun set on the night your father died. Henri faces her, clutching the hammer... Because I want you to confess. You killed Lucie. And your father. And God only knows how many others. And if you won't admit it, then I will tell Father Solomon and we will lock you up until the moon rises tomorrow night and you can no longer hide your guilt. As she says this, a slow look of dawning realization comes over him. Realization and horror. Smell what? What are you talking about? You accuse me and I'll bring you down with me. All they can do is take my life. You have more to lose. Then I'll have to prove it. Stop the cart. Cesaire pulls the reins. Grandmother calls out: Prudence, come with me. I have some blankets I want you to mend for Father Auguste. Prudence sighs and climbs up into the cart. You take these blankets to Father Auguste the moment you're finished. Understand? All right. Cesaire helps Grandmother out of the cart. Yes. First thing in the morning. He nods shakily and leaves. She closes the door behind him and lets the façade of calm fall from her face. She puts a trembling hand to her mouth, mind racing... Show yourself! Coward! Another beat. The veil settles and is still. Then: A FIGURE lunges out of the veil with its arms reaching out at us. It grabs Grandmother's throat in one hand and wrestles the cane from her grip with the other. She struggles, but she's far too weak for her attacker. The Figure whips out a knife. Grandmother sees it, but can do nothing. The knife flashes. Fat drops of blood splash on the floor. Then the Figure drops Grandmother and she crumples, lifeless. A pool of blood slowly spreads out from underneath her. The Figure steps over the widening pool and picks up the letter Grandmother was writing. He quickly scans it and angrily tosses it in the fire... Then he hears something. FOOTSTEPS, crunching through the snow. He hurries to the window and peers out... It's Roxanne and Prudence. Roxanne looks like hell, but here for lessons as usual. The Figure ducks out of sight. A moment later, they're KNOCKING on the door. Their feet are visible under the crack. The Figure sidles alongside the door, BREATHING heavily. Another KNOCK. On the floor inside, the pool of blood is expanding toward the door... The Figure sees it. He puts a hand on the hilt of his knife... then whispers to the girls through the door, disguising his voice with a dry, old woman's rasp: Are you all right? You sound awful. Would you like us to make you something? Are you sure you don't want us to bring you something? Has there been any word from my grandmother? What have you done to him?! Then: Isabelle's cell is opened. The Captain is holding iron manacles. Isabelle looks at them, horrified. The Soldiers clap her in irons. This is really happening... I love you so much. Tell Mama and Grandmother that I love them. Not so pretty now, is she? The Villagers do not answer. Henri is here, silently fuming. Prudence stands next to him. She looks around. Where's Peter? Help... Father Auguste stops. The Villagers shift uncomfortably as her helpless voice calls out from inside the mask. Help me... Please... Help me... The Villagers start to leave, ashamed. Isabelle sees them going... and suddenly SCREAMS. Isabelle? Can you hear me? I can hear you. Roxanne wanted you to know how sorry she is. She only said those things to save her brother. I know. Will you tell her that I forgive her? Of course. I wanted to say... I don't know what to say. You don't have to say anything. I want to. I want you to know that you may have fooled Roxanne, but you don't fool me. Not anymore. You were always too good. Too pretty. Nobody could be as perfect as you. You tricked us. And now you're going to get what you deserve. A beat. Isabelle responds, surprisingly gentle: I think you'd better go now. Prudence looks up. The sun has almost set. Yes. It won't be long now. Get away from me! Yes! Yes, please hurry! Solomon and his men watch as Henri uses a hammer and chisel to break open the stocks. BANG! BANG! Peter? Where is he --? I don't think so... Just then, they pass by the Reeve and a group of Villagers. The Villagers start to give chase, but Isabelle and Henri quickly leave them behind. Meanwhile, the Wolf is shortcutting through the village, racing after the cart. It comes to a sheep pen and smashes through it. It comes to a large barn and leaps onto its roof, then leaps off again -- -- and lands within striking distance of the cart. Henri drives the horse, but it's no use. The Wolf lunges, wrestling the horse to the ground. The horse cries out, its body twisting as it falls, sending the cart flying. Isabelle falls out and lands hard. Henri lies on his side, clutching his wrist. Isabelle pulls herself together and goes to him. She looks at his arm. It's visibly broken. She helps him to his feet -- -- just as the overturned cart is SMASHED apart. The Wolf bursts through it, breaking it to pieces. It glares at them with bloodthirsty eyes. Isabelle and Henri back away from it, but their escape is blocked -- the Villagers have caught up. They freeze at the sight of the Wolf, but stand their ground. Isabelle and Henri are trapped. The Reeve shouts: My place will never be with you. They're still good people. The Wolf is a man. It told me. Follow me. She takes his hand and leads him away. We need to come inside. Quickly. Have you lost your mind? If they find her here, they'll kill us, too! Then shut up so they don't find her. You'll never make it. You can hide here until morning. They're searching everywhere. We have to keep moving. You might make it to the church. Even the king cannot violate the protection of sanctuary. Can we go out your back window? Roxanne nods. They hurry toward the window, but then: Wait! I have an idea. I can if you can. They run off, chased by the Villagers. Henri, what are you doing? He's right. It's a coward at heart. Look at it. Why doesn't it attack? The Wolf SNARLS louder and takes a step toward her... but then the Merchant picks up a rock and throws it. It's past noon. I know. I didn't want to wake you. Isabelle smiles up at her. The wounds on Suzette's face are still bad, but healing. She's scarred for life. Where's Father? He'll be home soon. They have no reason to hold him any longer. Did they catch the Wolf? No. They lost it in the forest. This gives Isabelle pause. A beat. Then: What about Grandmother? Suzette hesitates. Isabelle is suddenly concerned. Roxanne came by. She said your grandmother has fallen ill. I was hoping you could look in on her. Off Isabelle's troubled look... I'm fine. You sent Henri to help me. Those people back there. I know they mean well, but they're just people. I didn't expect anything from them. I expected something from you. I'm going to see my Grandmother. She's sick. Please don't follow me. Isabelle starts walking again. Peter just stands there, watching her go. When she looks back, he's gone. She sighs, wiping tears from her eyes. She continues on... Then: FOOTSTEPS behind her again. She stops and looks back. Listens. Nothing. She keeps walking. But then she HEARS them again. Looks back. A dark figure follows her in the fog. She walks faster. She reaches the fork in the path. She pauses. The FOOTSTEPS are still behind her. She makes a decision. She breaks off a tree branch and backs toward the abandoned path, using the branch to sweep away her tracks in the snow. When she's far enough away from the main path, she throws the branch aside... ... and turns to face the abandoned path. It looks ominous. She gives it a wary look, then starts walking. Grandmother? Are you awake? She listens at the door. A long beat. Then: Mother sent some food. There are cakes and a pot of butter -- Are you sure? You sound so weak. I came here to take care of you. Not the other way around. You always say that. She ladles some soup into a bowl and sits down. The cat looks up from its grooming, watching her... I've been worried about you. When you didn't come back yesterday, I was afraid... You were wrong about Henri. Yes. He saved my life. Isabelle takes another bite of soup, then pauses. She puts the bowl down and loosens her collar... I feel hot all of a sudden. What is this...? I don't think I want to. What is this? Where's Grandmother? You're not the Wolf. You can't be... Oh, dear God... You killed Lucie? You killed my sister? Yes, she was. In every way that matters, she was. Did Grandmother know? Yes, Father. Isabelle walks away. Cesaire watches her go... There must indeed be a God. For you are surely the Devil... Father...? He approaches her. Stands behind her and places his hand on her shoulder. Her skin crawls. You gave me two choices. She turns to face him. Looks up at him. But I have thought of a third. Suddenly -- CRUNCH! Isabelle drives something hard into Cesaire's jaw. He gasps, choking. He puts his had to his throat. Blood spills out through his fingers. CAMERA FINDS Grandmother's ball of yarn on the table. The knitting needles aren't sticking out of it anymore... They're sticking out of Cesaire's neck. He falls to his knees, gagging. Then he flops over dead. Eyes open. Isabelle gazes down at him. She looks like she might have just lost her mind. Then she sits on the floor, staring at his body... and screams. An eruption of rage, betrayal, and heartbreak. She screams. People should know what he was. Then I'll run away. I was ready to run away last night. Why didn't you come for me? Peter gives her a long look. But instead of speaking, he rolls up his sleeve. Isabelle's eyes go wide. There's a huge scar on his arm. In the shape of a bite mark. No, you're not. You could never be like him. Yes, you can. We can still be together. My father lived here. My grandfather lived here. I don't want him ever found. No. We'll put the rocks inside him. (off his look) Cut him open. I will sew the rocks inside him. Peter is taken aback. She's serious. Wait. She pulls back the burlap, revealing Cesaire's dead body. His belly is lumpy and misshapen, an ugly red line in his torso stitched together with black thread. The knitting needles still jut out of his jaw. Isabelle yanks them out, then pulls the burlap back over Cesaire's body. Peter gives her a questioning look. These belonged to my grandmother. The knitting needles are covered in blood. Peter takes out a rag and wipes the blood off for her. And as he does... something begins to shine through in the moonlight. Peter gives Isabelle a stunned look. I can live with it. Where will you go? I know. No, it isn't. You'll be in my dreams until the day I die. Peter turns and starts to walk away. But then he pauses. Yes, he is. Then Peter continues on until he vanishes in the fog. CAMERA PUSHES IN on Isabelle as she watches him go... 