What's going on here? Em, you want to open your presents? (off pink box) This an awfully big box. I know, but that's why you call it a budget. You set it, and you don't budge. Hey babe, I'm late. Mom's saying goodbye to the girls. She's gotta get on the road. They've been fed. They just need a bath. Can you get them down at a reasonable time tonight? They're exhausted. Babe. (off his cut) Yeah. Just like you gave me a call when those Temple frat boys decided to smash up your face. Alright, well wait up for me tonight. I'll see what I can do about that. It's time for our next contest! Introducing first, fighting out of the red corner, from Ripley, West Virginia, please welcome Mike "The Mutilator" Moore! And in the blue corner. He fights out of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Please welcome "Irish" Brendan Conlon! This bout is scheduled for three five-minute rounds, and when the action begins your referee is Mr. Rick Fike. Hey babe. How was work? Oh my God. What happened? You said it was going to be a slow night. What do you mean you're not bouncing? You've been lying to me? Then they'll put us out of the house in three months. I'd rather go back to the old apartment than see you in the back of an ambulance again. I thought we agreed that we weren't going to raise our children in a family where their father gets beat up for a living. We'll figure it out. But this is what we're not going back to. What are you doing? They're gonna review your case at the end of the semester, but until then you're suspended without pay. Joe gave me the number of his attorney. He talked to me for free. As a favor to Joe. He said there's no precedent for this. You'll be back by next semester. You're gonna put yourself through this over and over, for five hundred bucks a pop? What are we gonna tell the girls? Damn dude, that's brutal. "Mad Dog" Grimes gettin' tuned up by some dude in a gym in Pittsburgh. Shit, Bradford. The stuff you don't know amazes me. Oh my god, did you see that? Daddy, who is that? Bueno? Tommy! Dios mio! I can't believe it! How are you? OK. You know me, Tommy. I was getting really worried about you. They're good. Maria's getting so big. She looks more like Manny every day. He's good. He's a good kid, Tommy. Takes care of his sister. He's a great kid. Everyone's good. Whatever you can do, Tommy. I know Manny would really appreciate it. You worry too much. It's OK. We're hanging in there. 44. Really? So that's your decision? You decided? `Cause I really enjoyed that conversation we just had about making that decision together. You told me you were gonna fight guys that watched too much UFC. I saw that Koba dude on TV, and he's the guy they're watching. I don't give a shit about the money, Brendan. I told you that. We're gonna end up cashing in your life insurance policy before we pick up that prize money. I think you can get killed. Fine, you're not going to get killed. But can you promise me you're not going to get hurt? You're not gonna end up in the hospital? You're not gonna end up paralyzed? We'll have no prize money. No house. Payments for I'm not gonna watch you fight again. I'm not. I'm gonna get the girls breakfast. Yes! What are you gonna do? What was that! 