Nick!! Please! Please...? I haven't done anything. --my God, Nick??? I'm not a witch, you're all crazy! Closer. Closer. Lift the lid and look-- it hurts. My eye, is there something in my eye? Don't know--just that she was afraid-- A coward too. That's why she had to go. --bad boys, mean boys, cowardly boys--just like Domini. I don't...I don't understand them myself. Join the club. Because it means the tree is older than the house. Hey, folklore-- --which she may have-- I just wanna go home . Her father's Sheriff of Taos County. Inside the grave? What're you doing there? Domini? --he's not my husband! --I'm not staying here! No! I guess-- Something was wrong. I was out hiking, camping the past two days--that's what did it-- I killed it-- Why? --Nick!! I haven't killed any-- Looks like business is booming. That's a joke? We're ticketed to fly back from Baltimore, anyway. Oh, sorry, right. Not the only things missing, Nick. So whoever built this-- No. What's it doing here in the middle of the foundation? Buried deep under 200 years worth of soil, ash, and compost layers. The Witch's voice. I dunno, probably right up there, based on her resume. No idea, just talked to her on the 'Net--she's very good. She e-mailed me yesterday this is where we should meet her. Guess they thought it was safe to put some up again. --it's called "morning sickness," asshole-- --Christ almighty-- Only thing I'm feeling is homicidal. Down or off--you're giving me a migraine. --fuck your bullshit pieties! You were the next to die, asshole! --what're you saying?? I didn't have anything to do with-- Why? --no, what's wrong with you? Whatever you want. --no, you're not. You love me too much. You don't want to see them kill me. I can't. Little boys. Looking up my skirt as I danced. Giggling. I get dreams. I don't like 'em. No. What? I guess, yeah. Nothing. I dunno-- Sleep. --Cotter's-- Get your goddamn-- I'm not going anywhere, 'til-- For once could you just sit down, shut up, and give something a chance ? We've looked at half of one tape. No idea. But if that's all we've got left-- I want to see the tapes. --or someone-- Yes. I don't know. Nightmare. I don't know. What? --fine, later, fine. You feel no need to get married or anything. Why is there no "our" here? You don't want it though. Like how weirded-out you are with this pregnancy thing. You know, Nick, you've been something of a total asshole the past few days. It was free --I recall that was the chief selling point for you. Oh, c'mon --even you have to admit this is weird. -- whoever --they built an entire house around a tree . Sticking up right through the living room. Somebody like to explain that to me? --do you agree it's that old , Nick? That's a sapling-- this mother's got to be three hundred years old, minimum. What is this ? You sure? --doesn't just pop out of thin air. It spins off of real events. At some point there was a Blair Witch-- No, the kids were actors, the townspeople were real. Her, the Sheriff, the Convenience Store guy-- What? She is --she's helped solve a bunch of murders: Arizona, New Mexico-- Domini. Domini Von Teer. It's like traveling back in time.Bullshit! Talk! --Jamie Kurth, Jonathan Edmunds-- You killed Domini, didn't you, witch?? No. Not that I can see. What, are you alright? --Anna-- What happened to her, where did she go? What do you mean? Try, please, Anna-- I need you to talk to me, talk to me about the dreams--about James, the other boys. 'Give you a hand. I think my sleep for the night just ended. Why don't you just cut it down and count the goddamn rings--who cares ? --or incredibly fucking naive. --and if she ever did-- Remember....what Mary Brown said-- she could see the witch's hands on my face, her mouth sucking on mine. Doesn't say--it's just these pages. --it's the "Blair Witch Cult"--a copy-- some pages from--one of them on the site must've gotten my message-- --I don't trust anybody, not even me, anymore-- Who? Goes right along with these two. That's a "j." --one of us, all of us--I have no idea--brought whatever this thing is back here. We're not going to go out there and spread it around like Typhoid Mary. We're gonna figure it out, we're gonna bring a goddamn end to it. Nobody's going anywhere-- --before you lose your emotional lunch. What -- --Domini! The cart they brought Elly Kedward into the woods with-- --I saw what I saw. What the fuck--?? It's freezing . How's she going to know where to-- Where? Boy Kurth. You think it's possible the tree in the Parr foundation is the same one they tied Elly Kedward to? Cotter? --Cotter, where can I get on-line? Same trees. They took Elly Kedward out to the same kind of trees. Well, she got out of here some - how because she's not here!! Fire escape?? Where's Domini? Gimme it! Where is it? Still don't see it-- English. Su casa y shit-o hole-o. Too busy eating us? --Cotter: shut up. What about night? Me, too. --yeah, a hand or something-- Get out of here! What're you, crazy?? We should be so lucky. Try a long walk. Made no sense. Scared out of their minds, and the greatest stress reliever in creation right at their fingertips. Nada. No fucking. Three people: two guys, a girl-- sleeping in the same motel room, the same tent night after night. What I never could figure about the movie? What movies? If you're looking at me, look elsewhere. Never would've guessed. Nice tent. You're not only an idiot, you're a goddamn child . Shut-up. I take it back--she wasn't an actor. She's a nutjob. I do. Oh, for chrissake, she was an actor. You're a complete fucking idiot, aren't you? --which'd be about ten bucks-- --fuckin' A right-- What're you afraid's going to happen? I think you closed the bar again. I'll have to go out. No big deal. I'm just trying to understand. You gonna be alright? I know, I know-- Slow it down, slow it down, whatever it is, we'll figure it out. What? What? ....I don't know. Dad...? Elly Kedward? What is it you thought you saw on that tape? At least go drink it somewhere spilling it won't drive him to suicide. Two-to-one he dusts the keyboard for fingerprints the second he gets back. Cotter'll kill you. For a blur? What'd you see? That'd be up on your shoulder, maybe your lower back. What's that? Women miscarry all the-- And what's your excuse for being here? Then just give me one of your explanations that all three of us'll buy. Like a blueprint for disembowelment. --the marks appear, then you disappear. Like the little Kurth boy, like Domini, as soon as they come to full bloom--and mine are ! Does she, goddamnit?? Does she have marks, Nick--like the ones we have, that Domini had? Not this one. "It's why the witch kills children." --fuck Anna! No. We all go. You're needed here--keep watching-- Check the monitor, she's fine . You know what we picked up in the woods-- Put 'em together that's a "k." James Kurth-- Gothic rune--the letter "S." I can't do it! We're not dealing with fucking logic here! Why in the world would she -- We are being fucked with here, someone or something. Spare me. What? That feels good. Lower--down into my neck. --it's not a could've--there was , Nick. And it fucked up Anna, and did something to Domini, and it caused my father to die, and it's here with us in this place now . And I don't have one single idea in hell what's going to happen next, just that it's going to happen to one of us. And then the other. And then the other. It's going to get into our brains . Shoot. Yeah. --a lot . I'm sorry. She's off her fucking rocker-- Nick, what you should do is get her back up and get her to a goddamn doctor . She wasn't a witch. Whatever--all I know is the persecution's going to start all over again, they keep pumping out inflammatory bullshit like this fucking movie-- The good old days: toasting marsh- mallows over a burning witch. --she wasn't a witch--we embrace nature, not evil-- --his name's Von Teer! His daughter's named Domini!-- --the Sheriff's Office-- I'm talking to Taos, New Mexico-- His daughter, for God's sake-- I need to know if he's heard from her this morning. --it's urgent! Yes! I need to speak to Sheriff Von Teer. No. Yes. What happened to my Dad?? Who is this??--thank you for calling-- --yes, Ma'am, can I help you with anything else?-- --yes-- ....Ma'am? Could I tell him what it's regarding? He's in a meeting. Could I have him-- Good morning, Sheriff's Office.