Um, Erin? Listen. Even though you're not necessarily my favorite person in the world ... ... sometimes you're not half-bad. Don't use language with me -- Where've you been? Erin, you've been here three weeks. If you don't know how to do your job by now, I am not about to do it for you. That's a joke, right? ... what we do in here is keep track of all the case files. That way, at any time, we can find out a case's status -- where it is in the office, stuff like that. We file 'em all here, alphabetically --All of 'em? Who? Nothing you can't show up for with a stain. It's those files you asked for. Right. Lap-dancers are people too. Erin Brockovich. Car accident. Not her fault, she says. And she looks like such an honest girl, don't you think? He's a low-life. Speaking of which, that's your nine o'clock in there. Tequila. From your drug dealer friend. His dry cleaners. You want him? Tony Marvin.Oh my God. Oh my God. And get someone to help around the house. I can put them in a good school. I don't even know how much money that is. Five million dollars? Oh, my God. A number for the whole group, or for us? It's a good day. I feel good. For what? Sure wish I had longer to get used to the idea. You think if you got no uterus, and no breasts, you're still technically a woman? No. Hunh-uh, see, that's not what the doctor said. He said one's got absolutely nothing to do with the other. Well -- then it's gotta be a different than what's in our water, cause ours is okay. The guys from PG&E told me. They sat right in the kitchen and said it was fine. And you say this stuff, this hexavalent chromium -- it's poisonous? An on-site monitoring well? That means -- Not around here. This is a rough part of the world. Hard times, not a lot of money, not a lot of luck. It's a challenge, staying healthy in a town like this. Heck, even our dogs up and die. I thought the same thing, right off the bat. That's why we went to see the doctor. But hunh-uh. Turns out one's got nothing to do with the other. It's a chemical they used over at that compressor station up the road there. The chromium. Well, that's what kicked this whole thing off. Cause of the chromium. You bet. Paid for a check-up for the whole family. And not like with insurance where you pay, then wait a year to be reimbursed, either. They just took care of it. Just like that. We never even saw a bill. Well, they paid for the doctor's visit. Are you kidding? With how our lives are, if I start subdividing files, I'll be sunk. I just kept all PG&E correspondence in one place. So the whole idea of selling the house -- don't get me wrong, I'd be glad to move to some better place, but if they aren't gonna pay us properly, I just don't see the point. Thank you. It's in remission now, thank the Lord, but you never know. And then while that's going on, I end up having to have a hysterectomy. Plus a whole mess of lumps removed from my breasts. All benign so far, but still, no matter how positive you stay, an operation can still take it out of you. I know. They're more than a bit unusual. See, two years ago, Pete got Hodgkin's disease. That's a kind of cancer -- Cause first you gotta move, then there's decorating, and if the windows aren't the same size, you know -- you're making all new curtains. Honest to God, I don't know if I have the energy. You know, I've been sick. Me and Peter both have. Thank you. I think so too. That's why I'm being such a stickler on this house price thing. I don't mean to be a pain in PG&E's backside, especially after all they've done for Hinkley, but I look around here and I think, if they want this place, they're gonna have to pay for it. And I don't just mean pay for the house; I'd like them to pay me for the trouble of starting over. I added air conditioning, put in the pool, made all those pillows by hand ... Well it oughta be, with all the work I put into it. You're a lawyer? Yes?I'm gonna assume that was meant as a compliment, Anna, and just say thank you. What the fuck did you do with my stuff? Anna? With this real-estate valuing stuff - - could you remind me, cause I'm a little confused about how exactly we do that. Oh, hell. I'm dyslexic. That asshole smashed in my fucking neck! He came tearing around the corner, out of control -- What? Hey -- he hit me . What's your point? Yeah. There's two. Why? Which one? Yup. Any school you want. It's enough -- for whatever you need, for whatever your girls need, for whatever your girls' girls need -- it'll be enough. Five million dollars. And he's making them give five million of it to you all. Both. The judge came up with a number. Well, then -- if you're feeling up to it, maybe we should talk shop. Well, I was gonna head over to the Browns now. I was thinking -- Mandy really values your opinion ... You wouldn't happen to have a little time right now, would you, Donna? Sure you are. You're just a happier woman, cause you don't have to deal with maxi-pads and underwire. Right, but -- didn't you say he was paid by PG&E? I know. But the toxicologist I been talking to? He gave me a list of problems that can come from hexavalent chromium exposure. And everything you all have is on that list. Yeah. It was right up on the PG&E property over there. Seems like an awful big coincidence -- your water being messed with and you being so sick. Well, hell, maybe that's why you all have been so sick -- What's chromium? The what? Wow. Why would they do that? They did? Right, but -- I'm sorry, I don't see why you were corresponding with PG&E about it in the first place. Yeah, I can see that. I guess the only thing that confused me is - - not that your medical problems aren't important, but -- how come the files about them are in with all the real estate stuff? I'll say. Holy moley. Yeah, I'm real sorry to hear that. Yeah, I'm real glad you brought that up. I was going through your file here, and I ran into these medical records. They kinda surprised me -- Right. Yeah? I should learn to do stuff like that. They make the place feel real homey. This is a real nice place you got here. Hell, no. I hate lawyers. I just work for them. You got a minute? I'm Erin Brockovich, from Masry & Vititoe? Hi. Donna Irving? Two million dollars? What is that? Ed, I swear, I'm not -- I wasn't gonna -- Here what comes? Yeah. Yours is nicer. Careful you don't spit from here; you could kill someone. How do you know that? Say you'd be the luckiest son of a bitch on Earth if I didn't up and quit over all this. Say you shortchanged me and you shortchanged yourself. Say you were wrong. Oh, now don't get all jealous, Ed. I got a little something for you, too. You know what, Mr. Potter? I completely forgot your birthday this year. And seeing as how you've been so good to me, I think that is a terrible oversight. So what I been doing over the last few days is I've been putting together a present for you. Morning! No, I'm serious. You know what Kurt Potter is? He's the kind of guy who never would have taken this case in the first place. He's the kind of guy who would have sold these plaintiffs down the river when PG&E offered 20 million. He doesn't work like us, Ed. There's no little voice in his head telling him to do the right thing. Fuck Kurt. Why not? The fuck I'm not. I don't care what the doctor says -- Okay, good. I think I should be the one to tell 'em, cause they trust me more than -- When? Where? Fuck legal terms. We're talking about human beings here. Sick people. A whole bunch of them are gonna be dead in ten years. They need their money now! We gotta get 'em to agree to the arbitration, Ed. We gotta get every damn one of those plaintiffs to -- I'm sorry, are you saying that if this thing goes to trial, it'll be ten years before these plaintiffs see their money? Wait, what do you mean, ten years? So why would PG&E offer it? And if you had to guess ... Between 50 and 400 million, definitely? I know. I'm sorry. Do I get to hear what happened anyway? If you're here to fire me, your timing's lousy. Perks? Jesus -- perks ? Bullshit. You stuck me in Siberia dictating to some God damn steno clerk so you could finish this thing without me. After all I've done for you, that's the thanks I get. How dare you take that away from me. Not personal ? That's my work in there, Ed. My sweat, my labor, my time. If that's not personal, I don't know what is. "Fun?" Jesus, " fun ?" I kill myself for a year and a half, hand you the best case of your life on a God damn silver platter, remind you of why you became a lawyer in the first place, and you think of me as "fun?" And, what, I'm not serious? Kurt thought? What about you? Do you think anymore? Bullshit. You'd drag me off my deathbed if it suited you. People don't fly down in their own god damn plane for "just a meeting" -- If you tell me to relax, I'm gonna kick your fucking head off -- Not in my world. Why the fuck should I respect her? She insulted me! Why good? Counts? What's a demur? Holy shit. Who do they represent, God? Plus, 40 percent of 20 million's a whole lot of money. Do you think we'd do better by going to trial? ... but it won't cover Annabelle Daniels's medical bills. So what are you thinking? Whoa. No shit. What kind of things come up? You might want to think real hard about the amount, too. My kids are sitting in the God damn parking lot right now, cause I still don't make enough to afford good child care. Makes me think about looking around for a job where I'm appreciated, for shit's sake. I want my paycheck. By the end of the day. Fuck you. Make time. Cause I bust my ass for you. I watch everything else in my life go straight in the toilet, for you. And what do you do for me? Huh? You see the way I'm treated around here -- but have you ever stood up for me once? Have you ever mentioned to everyone what good work I'm doing? Have you ever bothered saying, hey, Erin doesn't get paid the most cause she has the best tits; she gets paid the most cause she's the best God damn employee I've ever had? It's my paycheck. Which I earned. Which I deserve. Which I shouldn't have to beg for. That fat-ass bitch won't give it to me. Yeah, I mind. You bet your ass I mind. I want my fucking money -- Yeah. Yeah, I'm ... fine. No, Ed -- what with me running for my life, I didn't have time to check those things -- I don't know. Big. Dark. Some guy in a truck -- he waited till I was alone, then he followed me, like, two miles. Jesus, I'm shaking. Get me a beer. Someone's following me. Boy, this job takes me to some of the best damn places, huh? D'you get his name? Course not. Jesus, Ed -- Jesus. They look like the Secret Service. Yeah, I heard that one before. If they've sent that little shmuck Baum again, I'm gonna be real pissed off. Well, good, Ed. I like working with you too. You didn't care about my case? Really? It makes me sick. Jesus Christ, Ed -- you know, the more I work on this thing, the more I realize what a crock of shit this legal system is. Here we got a company that poisoned a whole aquifer -- that built a pool for a town, then filled it with toxic water -- and we're the ones who've gotta bust our ass proving things? That's just not right. Oh, they knew. They had to know. What do you mean? Don't give me that. You're gonna get plenty rich off of this, Mr. 40 percent. We got those PG&E fuckers by the balls here. Yeah? Then gimme another raise. No -- For your information, Frank cares what was in those ponds 'cause he used to spend half his day wading around them. That was his job. I guess it was a little too inconvenient. So for fourteen years, this stuff flowed into the groundwater, free as you please. See, according to this, they were supposed to line the ponds so this shit couldn't seep into the ground. But guess what -- It didn't help, but no. The real problem's on the bottom. They covered 'em over. And not too carefully either, cause you dig one inch under the surface, and the dirt is green as a fucking shamrock. They used the hex chrom here, in these cooling tanks, as an anti-corrosive. Then they dumped it here, in these six ponds. No . She lived on the plume. You never know. Another raise wouldn't hurt. And with all the time I'm gonna be spending on the road, I'll probably be needing my own cel phone, won't I? You're doing the right thing, Mr. Masry. Kinda like David and what's-his-name? Well -- I found one document at the water board that had a toxic test well reading from 1967. A hell of a lot of people have lived on that land since then. Four more. Eleven people. So far. Okay, fine. I don't know shit about shit. But I know the difference -- We can get these people. With a little effort, I really think we can nail their asses to the wall. And this shit is bad news, Mr. Masry. Not only does it attack every organ of the body, it fucks with your DNA, too. That means these people's genes, and the genes of their kids, and the genes of their grandkids -- -- who happens to know they poisoned people and lied about it. Bullshit. Okay, so here's what I'll do. I'll go on up to Ted and Rita Daniels -- two of the nicest people you'd ever hope to meet, who spend every single day watching their little girl fight like a dog against this cancer -- I'll tell them we can't help them cause you don't feel like working that hard. That's crazy -- why not? And I realized, he's taking a chance too. I'm the one who's injured, and this joker who sits at a desk all day is gonna walk away with almost half my reward? Boy, do I know how you feel. First time I heard that number, I said you got to be kidding me. Forty God damn percent? Mr. Masry, Mario gets lost going to the bathroom. They'll be driving around the valley for hours. And you can't? I don't get why they'd do that. At least they made an offer. So you think we got 'em scared? So far. But that place is a pig sty. I wouldn't be surprised if there's more. Ten. There's a lot of other places I could work. I want a raise. And benefits. Including dental. Course I did. Boy, you musta really fine-tooth-combed it then, huh? And you fired me . Jesus. The ones in the box of files. The box of files? The one from your office? It doesn't take a genius to look at those medical records and think something's wrong. They told her something, but it can't have been too specific, cause I talked to her, and she sure didn't think her water was bad. You wanna know, you gotta hire me back. I got a lot of bills to pay. Boy, are you ever a shitty judge of people. Now, why in the hell would you assume that? Well, that was nice of him. Isn't it funny how some people go out of their way to help people and others just give 'em the ax? Oh, yeah? What are you doing here? Bullshit. You're trying to feel less guilty about firing someone with three kids to feed. Fuck if I'll help you do that. Don't bother. I left a message. I've been dealing with that real estate thing. I was gonna write up a whole damn report and -- I guess I'm not the right kind. Excuse me? Yeah. I got it. No problem. Out to lunch with the girls. Give her a cold washcloth to suck on -- I gotta go -- there's a clean one in that bag -- I'll check back in a bit. Sorry. My kid -- I don't wanna take your money, Mr. Masry. Oh. Okay. That's okay. I was wondering -- could you tell me who I'd talk to about maybe getting an advance on my paycheck? Just -- for the weekend. I'm not everyone else, Mr. Masry. I'm someone you made promises to that you didn't deliver on. I trusted you. With my kids' well-being. Now, I'm smart, and I'm hard- working, and I'll do anything. But if you think I'm leaving here without a job, you got another thing coming. I don't need pity. I need a paycheck. And I've looked, but when you've spent the last six years raising babies, it's real hard to convince someone to give you a job that pays worth a damn. So I figure, since you're the one who said I was gonna be okay, you should be the one to hire me. You said things would be fine, and they're not. There's two things I can't stand, Mr. Masry. Being ignored, and being lied to. You did both. You never called me back. I left messages. Yeah? Well, fuck you. Sorry doesn't feed my kids. Settle down ? I got 74 bucks to my name, Mr. Masry! I can't afford to settle down! Bullshit. You told me I'd get half a million dollars. You told me I'd be set. Oh, please, it was long over by then. God damn, he made me look like some cheap -- Open and shut? Open and fucking shut ? ... just wanna be a good mom, a nice person, a decent citizen. Just wanna take good care of my kids. You know? ... Matthew's six, Katie's four, and Beth's just nine months. ... couldn't take painkillers cause they made me too groggy to take care of my kids. They took some bone from my hip and put it in my neck. I didn't have insurance, so I'm about seventeen thousand in debt right now. How come you didn't say anything when you found these things? What do you mean? And you were told to destroy those? And ...? Did you get a look at the stuff you destroyed? Did he say why? The fuck you don't. No one calls me Pattee. That heavy-breathing sicko that called the other night could've only found out about me from you. People are dying, Ross. You got document after document here, right under your nose, that says why, and you haven't said word one about it. I wanna know how the hell you sleep at night. Hey, Ross. Tell me something. Does PG&E pay you to cover their ass, or do you just do it out of the kindness of your heart? Ross -- you are an absolute angel. Not anymore. Nope. Maiden. I wish I knew. It's for my boss. He's fighting his water bill, and he wants me to find all manner of bills from all kinds of places. The easiest thing would probably be if I just squeezed back there with you and poked around myself. Would that be okay? I guess I did. Well, believe it or not, I am on the prowl for some water records. Ross. Real pleased to meet you. I'm Erin. Thank you very much. Aren't you a gentleman? Mr. ... County water board. All righty, thanks. Hunh-uh. What's that? Well, how do I find out what kind of chromium is up in Hinkley? So that stuff -- it kills people. Harmful, like -- how? What would you get? There's more than one kind? George! What are you doing ? Where's George? That's not true; we had dinner together just last night. Look, I know you're mad. But the way this job is, things come up at the last minute, real important things, and I gotta deal with them. Now I don't like me missing dinner any more than you do, but we're all gonna have to get used to it, cause the fact is, it's gonna happen sometimes. Some kind of half-wit, no-good, big-haired, bimbo, I bet. Oh, come on, where's your sense of adventure? We're going someplace you never been before. Sweetheart, you can get a whole big bunch. Put your napkins in your laps and eat up. Hey, Ros. Nice view, huh? Hey, Ros, where are they? PG& -- Are you sure? What's going on in there? So did I. I'm a slow reader, on account of the fact that I look at the word "dog" and see "god". Hi, Rosalind, this is Erin. Brockovich. From the file room? I was wondering if you could tell Mr. Masry that I'm following up on that real estate thing out of the office. Cause her own mom's real sick, too. Yeah. She is. But you know what? That's why I'm helping her. So she can get some medicine to make her feel better. Oh, God, sweetheart, no. There's nothing on Earth I love more than you. Nothing. I promise. I never forget, honey. I try, real hard. It's just, for some reason, I don't seem to be able to organize things right and -- when it comes to you guys, I end up falling short. We'll work out the roller hockey thing, okay? Whatever you want, we'll work it out. I promise. God damn it, Matthew. What the hell are you doing out here? Well, God damn it, Matthew -- Randy's mom doesn't work eighteen-hour days, and Randy's dad didn't leave her, so figuring out who's gonna take who where is a little easier over at Randy's house. We'll see. Thank God we got you away from her, huh? There's no way a son of mine hates Funky Town. It's impossible. That's all you got, lady. Two wrong feet. In fucking ugly shoes. Annabelle Daniels. 714-454-9346. I said, whose number do you need ? Whose number do you need? Don't talk to me like I'm an idiot, okay? I may not have a law degree, but I've spent 18 months on this case, and I know more about those plaintiffs than you ever will. Excuse me -- Theresa, was it? There are no holes in my research. Hey -- those are my files -- I will. Bye. No, I need my car -- What time is it? Yeah, but I'm gonna get better. A lot of these folks aren't. You know me. I pick things up real fast. And I miss you. I don't know. Few days. Thanks for helping me. I appreciate it. Hunh-uh. Not yet. Look, don't take any of 'em on your bike, okay? Call a cab if you wanna go somewhere. It's not for me; it's for my kids. You're the only one I trust them with. Hi. It's me. I got a favor to ask you. Thank you. They said that'd be tomorrow. They just wanna keep an eye on me another night. You already packed up your stuff? I need it. I can't. Look -- this job -- it's the best thing that ever happened to me. I mean it. For the first time in my life, I got people respecting me. Up in Hinkley, I walk into a room and everyone shuts up just to hear what I got to say. I never had that. Ever. Don't ask me to give it up. I need it. I can't leave my job, George. I'm sorry. I'm just working so hard -- What's that? About what? What's going on? What are you doing? That is not what I'm -- What do you want to talk about instead? Your day? That's a fascinating subject. No, I wanna say hi. That's Ed. Cause it's my office party. If you had an office, I'd go to your party. Just a few more minutes, then we can go. Take her, will you? What? Beth? My Beth? No, no jokes, I gotta pee. Just tell me about your day. What went on back there? I'm so tired I'm about to drive off the road. Keep me awake, willya? Keep your voice down. I didn't say that. Nothing. How would you know? No, see -- that's exactly what those arrogant PG&E fucks want me to think -- that because they got all this money and power, we don't stand a chance in hell against them. But you know what? They're wrong. I'm not in danger. I have a dead bolt. Remember? I'm not gonna quit cause of one creepy phone call, George. I know what you're saying, and I don't wanna hear it. I am doing the best I can. Well, hell, I guess that's it, then, huh? They're scarred for life. They're gonna start holding up 7-11's any day now. George, I am just trying to do something nice for my kids on my one day off. Could you please not give me a hard time about it? No I'm not. Look at me. I'm not. Well, I'm sure as hell not what I thought I was gonna be. I was supposed to have one of those great lives, with everything all laid- out and perfect. I mean, hell -- I was Miss Wichita, for God's sakes. Did I tell you that? You live next door to a real live beauty queen. I still got the tiara. I kept it cause I thought it meant something. I thought it meant I was gonna do something great with my life. I thought it proved I was gonna grow up to be someone. Doesn't matter. Doesn't make one bit of difference. Oh God, George, how'd this happen to me? How'd I end up so ... so nothing ? I can't call an exterminator. I can't afford one. God, I can't even afford my phone . I got fired. What kind of person lives like this? Huh? What kind of person lets her kids run around in a house crawling with bugs the size of housecats? Great. What are you doing here? You think it could make you sick, living in a place like this? Thanks for reminding me. What're you doing? This isn't gonna get you laid, you know. You're around every afternoon? Right. Why in the hell would you want to watch my kids? It's been a while. Maybe I'm just out of practice. I hope that's not supposed to impress me. Yeah? And what do you do the rest of the time, live off your trust fund? Great. Another deadbeat. I'm never here. I gotta leave 'em with this weird sitter all afternoon who costs a fortune and smells like chicken fat. Yeah. I'm probably ruining them. Cause I don't even know you. I'm not gonna leave my kids with you. I had a good neighbor, George. She was 60 and Mexican and she watched my kids for free. Something tells me you're not gonna be able to measure up to that. Return 'em. Maybe you'll get your money back. No. Yeah. Sexy, huh? And here's another: five. That's how old my other daughter is. Seven is my son's age. Two is how many times I been married and divorced. You getting all this? 16 is the number of dollars in my bank account. 454-3943 is my phone number. And with all the other numbers I gave you, I'm guessing zero is the number of times you're gonna call it. Sure. That's one of my numbers. It's how many months old my little girl is. Shit, yeah. I got numbers coming out of my ears. Like, for instance, ten. Which number do you want, George? You want my number? Just think of me as the person next door who likes it quiet, and we'll get along fine. Well, I'm the neighbors. There, now we're introduced, so you can shut the fuck up. What the hell do you think you're doing, making all that Goddamn noise? A lot. But you hang in there, maybe you'll get one. Jaguar's a darn pretty car. I'm real sorry, Laura. That's okay. I understand. Now how'm I supposed to do that when I'm not in here most mornings and nights? What? Where's my paycheck? I am not talking to you, bitch. What am I supposed to do, check in every two seconds? What's going on? I had photos of my kids, plus a mug -- Someone stole my stuff. I mean, it's not a problem or anything, but -- I'm just a little unclear on what those things are. I thought maybe you'd know. Uh-huh? I'm surprised Donna didn't say anything. What? It sure could, yeah. Thanks a lot. Yeah. Who are you? Wow, that's soon -- You're moving away? When? What? It'll be fine, yeah. Hi, sweetie. Were you a good girl? Where are Matt and Katie? Don't go telling anyone. It'll ruin my reputation. Uh-huh. Spent the last few days knocking on doors. And you know what? They're not. I mean, they got problems, but none of this cancer stuff. And their pets are fine. So I don't know -- I just can't shake the feeling that it wasn't no multivitamin they put in the water. ... and when I realized our area's just as bad as Hinkley, I thought maybe my neighbors are all sick too. So I went and asked. Their parents, I'm pretty sure. Right, I guess those are the kids -- No one put me up to anything. I was just hoping I could ask you a couple questions. Who's Baxter? Hi, I'm Erin Brockovich. I was just over in the library there, asking a mess of questions about -- I guess they call it epidemiology? -- and the fella there told me to find you, cause you know all about it. Dr. Paulsen?You're clever. I'm sure you'll think of something. I moved payroll onto the computer. It only knows to process paychecks for employees who log on in the morning and off at night. Have you been logging on? Excuse me ? Yes. It's called accountability. There may be jobs where you can disappear for days at a time, but this isn't one of them. Here, if you don't do the work, you don't get to stay. -- toothbrush, toothpaste, and a pair of hose. Here. Nice to see you, Erin. We've missed you. What do I look like, Erin? A library?I don't know. It happens all the time. Yeah. A real moron. I'm gonna hate it. I hate it too. I hate this trip. Mommy, can I get a flower? How come you're not eating?I thought if I could spend that kinda money on a car, it'd mean everything else was fine. I don't even know how much they cost. Know what I always thought I wanted outta life, Erin? A Jaguar. It's just -- the pain. It's only getting worse. I can't be a good wife. I can't be a good mother. I'm embarrassed.Well, this old neighbor of mine, Bob Linwood -- he ran the dairy on Community -- seemed like someone in his family always had a rash somewhere or other. I just figured it was something in the genes. And you know how it is -- you don't like to ask about things like that ... You know that thing it says in here about rashes? I know. It's an awful lot. There's something else, too. When Donna told us about you, and what you told her about the chromium, we figured that might have something to do with this, too. Excuse me, are you Erin Brockovich?I know. But it's good for me. Now I can help my daughter take care of my grandkids. And it's good for you, too. Now you have money, you can find a good babysitter, huh? Not the old lady next door. Next week. My daughter, she's bought a big house with a room for me. I'm going to move in with her. Ai, bueno. Because I didn't want to tell you before, with your worries -- Outside with the sprinkler. So it's good?Yeah, I'm gonna start sleeping here. Masry & Vititoe, can I -- damn it. Does anyone know anything about these phones? In the conference -- Yup. They must be important, too, cause they came on a special plane. Some meeting. With PG&E people. Hey, Erin, I thought you were taking a sick day. Hey, just so long as you see Him. You've been reading for hours. Masry & Vititoe, can I help you?Okay, look -- I think we got off on the wrong foot here -- Annabelle Daniels. You don't know six hundreds plaintiffs' numbers by heart. Everyone's. This is a lawsuit. We need to be able to contact the plaintiffs. Erin. You don't even have phone numbers for some of them. No offense. There are just some things we need that you probably didn't know to ask. Yeah, we had them couriered over. And listen, good work. They're a great start. We're just going to have to spend a little time filling in the holes in your research.