I don't want to see your hospital. Not today. Leave me, now sir, I am tired. Well, we must keep in mind the Dower Laws. One third of everything we have is mine and since our Negroes have been interbreeding, it would be legally impossible to distinguish them. Don't condescend to me! We have both of us prospered from the arrangements of our kind... Some things must never change. Oh, indeed? You know very well people are frightened of arming the Negroes! They beg you to consider the future. What good is a revolution if it overturns those things we cherish!? Virginia is outraged with your order allowing Negroes to fight in the army. There's a deep feeling of hurt and betrayal. They wanted you commander because they expected you would look out for our interests. Well, I wouldn't want to trouble you with this now. It's an anti-Christian dogma! I cannot believe you are so calm about it! Did you know that Jefferson has proposed a law in Virginia aiming at an absolute separation of state from the church? And have you heard anything from our dear friend, Sally? What with all the rumors getting back to England. I thought she might inquire after us. But then I believe she always looked down on us. That's when Sally Fairfax was tutoring you... When you lived with the Fairfaxes? You're no fool, George. You never have been. And, what 'prize' do you see? What could we possible gain? Have you been reading what Minister Jefferson has to say? If he had his way, all our slaves would be freed no matter what the outcome. And that would destroy us as surely as a British victory. I can not allow the fortune in slaves my first husband created and what our partnership has elevated, to be destroyed... Well, a very real expectation is the British will hang you! They'll burn Mount Vernon and they'll hang you! Our marriage is a business just as surely as... My God, what? But to go to war over trade, over money? Surely there's still time for a compromise. War? No! I did not! When you said compromise was possible I believed it was probable. There's no middle ground at all? We're the King's children! My God, these people mean to go to war! They really mean it."Mankind is born free, but everywhere he is in chains..." Well, I remember a philosopher who said something that I used to think was just another of those stupid class denouncements... but which I now see means us all. You remember, George, when we were 'studying' the great philosophers? Now that is a lie! See how much you want to create a scandal in exchange for a glowing reputation and polite society laid at your feet! When you break off your engagement to Martha Curtis, I'll divorce William! Do you hear? You get what you want from this world, then throw it all away on love! Is it? William says now you have requested a British Commission, why not colonial? I'll clear it up for you, sir, because as a British officer you can lord over colonial yokels -- more than that, it will even get you into polite society! Your dream come true, George, the only dream that really matters to you. And what is this, then? Been off to fight the French because you are a patriot? Or is this you, gaining your long sought after rise in society by becoming victorious in war!? George, you know I only love you, but... Is that the truth? Well, we can't carry on like animals any longer. Well, the widow Curtis will bring you riches, position, land, even half-grown children. You won't have to do anything at all! You shan't have to do another thing to prove yourself. Think what the play means, William. Perhaps these words have a place in the real world. Except for that, quite like home; England, that is. Oh, but you must not mind my talking about you! In fact, William says my main job here at Belvoir is to civilize you; to make an honest English gentleman out of you. So, you are William's wild young neighbor? Or should I say, 'brother'; William claims you as a member of his family. I have heard so many unflattering tales about you, and I understand, that except for you, this 'family' is quite cultivated. Voltaire, of course... Remember, George, "It is dangerous to be right in matters on which the established authorities are wrong." And dost thou live to ask it? I've been surprised in an unguarded hour, But must not now go back; the love that lay, Half smothered in my breast, has broke through all, Its weak restraints, and burns in its full lustre. I cannot, if I would, conceal it from thee. Those people? I doubt they'd think of this. Ooo, you're wonderful this color! Why? Juba was an African and you want to look the part -- hold still. Let's get you darker! I don't laugh at you, George. I like you. I like you because you will never, ever make it as an aristocrat... and that's because you're completely incompetent at hiding your feelings. And to think I am teaching you to become one of them... Is it? Well, I'm scared of what we've become in our freedom. Do you? When I saw those men yesterday in the field... and the women and children in those hovels? I'm not so sure if America is as far from England as I'd hoped. The place to want to be is America. Every English child dreams of it. I dreamt it. Perhaps you best ask, why you wish it. You asked William to teach you manners, philosophy, decorum... as I said, it's completely stupid. It's stupid, of course. That's just my interpretation. Actually it's a dance designed as a sentiment of courtly manners. You see? Walk in a gently 'Z'. There are four distinct movements... In the minuet, George, every movement is significant, like the strut of cranes... The word 'minuet' finds its source in minitus, which is Latin meaning 'small' or 'orderly'. Capture them? Well, I've never seen anything like it, so... of course I'm curious. Africa? That's so far? How do they get here? Where... do those men come from, George?