No, the other one. The one who played his wife. There's always someone out there stalking actors. Look at that woman from the Commish. Oh that's right. Those poor poor people. God Ben Damon was such a hottie. I think Jeff Bridges is getting tired.Horror flicks. B-Movies from Milton's heyday. Well you'll find neither. Rina Reynolds, however, You will. I know every face in here, respect for the unknown actor I suppose, myself included. If you're looking for Maureen Prescott -- Listen, I'm busy. Nobody has access to those files except studio execs. Can you please go away now? Nope. I don't watch TV and I hate books. Whatta you need? Can I help you?I did. Hon, although I got a total of six minutes screen time, they're the best six minutes of the movie. All I'm saying is I'm gonna be royally p.o.'d if you don't catch my acting debut. No, Jennifer Love Hewitt. Of course it's me, silly. And I feel like an ass standing in this theater lobby all by myself. Where are you babe, the movie starts in twenty minutes.What are these movies? 'Amazombies', 'Space Psychos' 'Creatures from theSan Andreas Fault'? It may be Maureen Reynolds -- Well if you won't work for me, will you work for the president? Well can you tell me if the woman in this picture looks familiar to you. Does the name Maureen Prescott sound familiar to you? I'm Gale Weathers, author of the Woodsboro and Windsor College murders, and anchorwoman for TOTAL ENTERTAINMENT. Maybe you've heard of me? He killed Milton! The killer's inside there! Oh God! DEWEY! Dewey's in there too! He needs medical help! He's hurt! Boys, boys, why don't we compare our gun calibers later? The issue is Maureen Prescott! OK, look. We all know that this has something to do with 'Stab 3'. What we do not know is why the killer keeps leaving articles about Maureen Prescott. Four? There are five. But we know who killed Maureen Prescott, Billy Loomis and Stu Macher. I mean, they even told Sidney how they did it! Please, call me Gale. But you won't. You're a good man detective. We think alike. I know you need my help. And I know you know I need your help. Who? Shit. Sarah Darling. I interviewed her too. God, it's happening again isn't it Detective? Oh. I thought you wanted me to stick around. Alright Kincaid, no where to? I'd love to help, really I wouldn't mind being sliced at again by a maniacal psychopath, but I honestly don't know where Sidney is. After Windsor she dropped off the face of the Earth. The only other person that might know is, , not going to talk. That's Sidney Prescott's mother. A note? So is that why you're here? Is that why you're holding me from my show, to tell me about some brutal homicide I'm not even involved in? Well I interviewed Damon once for the show. He was a real obnoxious fuck. Any way, the second one, Christine Perkins, she had a part in Stab 2, didn't she? She was playing CICI. Jesus Christ you scared the shit out of me. Sure, why not. You did Save my life,Mr. Rielly. Paternity test results. Christ Dewey, you're never going to believe who Milton's kid is. Sidney, what happened? I work better alone. Why don't you do some snooping around the set? I've got an idea, I'll hook up with you guys later. Has anyone else every used your phone? Do you have her number stored in your memory? Phone memory! Thank you. What? Amen boy scout, now answer the fucking door! Fuck! Neither are you, Magnum P.I. I happen to work for the police god dammit! Jennifer?! Wait, where are you going off to? And who is that? Right. Sorry. Do you think he did it? I'm sorry, this is too good! Someone stole Sid's file? And? Always. All of what Dewey? You do know something, don't you? Dewey, you're not just here because of that second rate K-Mart, straight-to-video version of me, are you? It didn't work Dewey. We tried, we're different. It was fucking '60 Minutes II'! I couldn't say no! I could've been the next Diane Sawyer! You said you'd never leave Woodsboro, 'The only place that's real!' But now you're here. Not with me. Dewey, I took care of you. I waited until you were well. I couldn't stay there, I mean, it's like dog years, one year in Woodsboro is like seven everywhere else. Again, I am the author of the definitive book on the Woodsboro murders.! What about you? Yes. Look, let's get something straight Dewey, I got into this shit cause the police came looking for ME. Not cause I'm out to make the SUNRISE STUDIOS SLASHINGS. This has everything to do with me Dewey. I was the one who brought the nation's attention to this shit anyway. I'll be damned if I'm gonna sit around and pass on the buck again. Uh-huh. Another News clipping. Another one about Sid's mom. Dewey, whether we like it or not it looks like we're going to have to go back into our past. Show him. Dewey, personal lives and pasts aside, this is about Sidney. We need to know where she is. Would you excuse me for a moment? Your life? Roman, from your enthusiasm it certainly seems that way. Honestly though, tell us, what's your favorite scary movie? It's a pleasure to finally meet you, Roman. Do you get any of my witty humor? I mean, you did play me for three movies. His two hands, dingus. Milton's not a killer. He's a pervert. He probably went out to buy more KY JELLY for his jack -off parties he has with his two best friends. Settle down Beavis. Why don't you tell us the truth? Nobody said she was an actor. Oh I wish I got that one on tape. It'd put a smile on my face everytime I'm down. Really, you know you'd make a fascinating interview. Lifestyles of the Rich and Psychotic. Possibly. No really? Ha. Maybe I should join SNL. And as a sane person. For you that must be quite a stretch. None. I am Gale Weathers! What the hell are you doing? No! He's not dead! He's still breathing! Look! I dunno but I can tell you that your's will be the home video footage of me sticking my foot up your ass! Now come out and fight like a real man you pussy! Listen you sick bastard, what the fuck do you want? Who's phone? I don't know. Screw them. Look, what's important is that we stick together. No matter what. If anyone is next it's you or me Jen. Still that was a much better movie, I saw it at the premiere last week. God, what the hell am I getting sidetracked with this shit for?! We've gotta get down to business. AND I DIE NAKED?! UGH! This is complete bullshit. Who wrote this piece of crap? Wait a second, whoa! Calm down! Number one there were five different versions of the script given out. Ben Damon was given a fake script because he was only being offered the role. It only had fragments of real scenes from the actual script. And what, I die in STAB 3? Dewey, what the hell is she rambling about now? What's wrong Jen, see yourself on one of those USA NETWORK winners you did and realize how badly you suck at acting? Are you saying she was- Well how would you like his rotten carcass dug up and drug all over National TV? Why don't you start talking. I don't think so! Just what happened to Maureen when she was in Hollywood? Just because you knew her? And now? I mean, murders on your set and still you say nothing? Answer the question. You knew Sidney's mom? They're the ones who approved it. Oh come on! Why the hostility? Excuse me Detective, I think we have some business to attend to. I think we should go inside. I have to have a talk with the cast. ALL OF YOU. Heh, well, that's TV journalism for ya. Stage the news to boost ratings. Tom Prinze, tanked as usual. That's a shocker. Let's get out of here! I know! He killed Kincaid! We did some researching in the archives. Sid, something dawned on me when I wrote the book on your mother's murder. For two years of her life, 1969 up until 1971 she basically disappeared off the face of the Earth. Who's this. What'd he say? Oh my God! Sidney, you ran fast or what? Hey.Rob Reiner and Quentin Tarentino? I think Milton's the killer. I think he just went out to kill another cast member. Oh, Come on! You have made millions off the story of her murder. You're obsessed with HER and you're obsessed with her DAUGHTER! Good twist. Bitch. Look who's talking Moneybags. You got more homes than I do. Basements creep me out. Gale Weathers would find a way. There a story in that building? Need to get in that building? That's funny. You know in the movies, I play you as being much smarter. Here's how I see it. I've got no house, no movie, no gun, and I'm being stalked. Because someone wants to kill me? No, because someone wants to kill you. So now, starting now, I go where you go. That way, if someone wants to kill me, I'll be with you, and since they really want to kill you, they won't kill me, they'll kill you. Make sense? Being Gale Weathers. What the hell are you doing? Geez. God damn it you two! Run! Hurry! He's dead! What's your favorite scary movie Gale? Oh shit it's my cell! Shit! Where the hell are Tom and Angelina? I know right. It was kinda weak. That's cause Will Kennison only wrote a rough treatment of it. The script was written by some new guy. He wrote Arlington Street. God damn you Gale Weathers! Don't you see? The killer is choosing his victims as they die in the script! Ben Damon's character was the first one to get offed. So was his girlfriend - but she wasn't cast yet so his real girlfriend was killed - then Sarah Darling's Candy, and now me! You! How can I ever get any fame playing you!What? What movie? Has there been another goddamn rewrite? How the fuck are we supposed to learn our lines when there's a new script every 15 minutes? Roman that's not the line. I'm hanging up right now. Whatever. Come on, who is this? I think you have the wrong number. This is Candy. Hang on, let me get some clothes. See! I don't' understand why I have to start the scene in the shower! The whole shower things been done, 'Vertigo' hello! And I mean, my boyfriend just died, why am I showering? Who's this? Page 22.. Ring ring. Hello? Huh, fine. I'm not happy that I'm 35 playing a 21 year old. I'm not happy that I have to die naked! And I'm not happy that my character is too stupid not to have a gun in the house after her boyfriend's been cut into McNuggets. What character? I'm Candy, the chick who gets killed second. I'm only in two scenes! Oh it's no problem, I'm just... looking at your music video awards. Oh shit. Hello? Director's office. Damn. He called my roommate and told her he had some important things he wanted to go over with me in his office tonight. Make-up. You need it. Hey, Roman isn't here? Would you give that script a rest? It's like a friggen umbilical cord to you. What are you talking about? The murders were a completely isolated incident. Goddamnit I am getting so fed up with these re-writes. It's like every five minutes there's a new script. God, and you just know this all because of STAB 2's script winding up on the internet two months after it wrapped shooting.Oh yeah, how? How is that good news? I used to think I had the perfect mom, perfect family. Till I found out I was wrong. She had a secret life, and I tried to understand that, and soon as I thought I had, more secrets. I don't' know who my mom was. Sometimes I feel like I'm just learning about my mother for the first time. You know, with TV and those movies and what not. God sometimes I feel like I'm just learning about myself for the first time. Like I'm watching my life instead of living in it. Hmm. Ghosts are tough, you can't shoot ghosts. What do you mean? Excuse me? Must be exciting, Beautiful place, beautiful people. Did you request this case? I'll call you Mark when you catch the killer, Detective. You seem to like movies, Detective. What do you know about trilogies? Absolutely. Why didn't you tell me? This is my mother, Dewey. Why didn't you say something? He wasn't superhuman Dewey. He wasn't superhuman at all. DEWEY! IT'S GALE! Dewey my God I thought you were dead. They've got her! Where are you Dewey? Dewey?! OHMIGOD! Where are you?! Yeah? Jesus Christ Dewey help me! They tried to kill me in the bathroom! The killers! No I'll be ok. I've got my mace. My knife. These two lethal weapons. Listen Dewey I have to go to the bathroom. I can see nothing's changed. She was Randy's only girlfriend . . . ever. Mm, what a waste of Silicone. What does my mother have to do with this all Dewey? We're a long way from Woodsboro. Listen, Detective, I wanna see this studio where all this shit's going down. I figured I'd be safe If I was at least up here with the people I care about. Now where's this Kincaid guy the news is talking about? I found this place from a FOX 5 TV NEWS REPORT. Heh. Well it's not safe for me up there either. The killer found me Dewey. He called me last night. GALE WATCHOUT! I know! Gale he's got Dewey! What are you talking about? Oh my God Karen you scared the shit out of me! What are you doing here? Oh, you know, the usual small talk, "What's new, how ya been, how do you want to die?" Hi, Gale. I'm glad you're all right. Roman knock it off! Do you people even know why you kill people? You kill people cause you choose to and not because of any other fucking reason! I can't take it anymore. This Hollywood exploitation of the nightmare I lived has to be stopped. I did this to make you all repent for your sins, and now I'm pleased I've got my message across. Good-bye. Listen, I have no time for this. I've heard this shit before! So lets get on with it! Oh my God, Angie Crick? From English class? All the nightmares. All the hell I went through was because of you, you spineless bastard! Alright I'm here, now show your face so we can finish this. I thought you wanted me here? Alright, I'm here. Now what? Yeah? WHERE? Where? You're dead! How do I know their voices are -- Yes. Who is this? If you lay a hand on him I'll fucking kill you! The final act? Well let's play asshole! No. You didn't kill my mother. Billy Loomis and Stu Macher did. You sick fuck I'm tracing this call as we speak! The police are gonna nail your ass! W-what do you want? Who the fuck is this? I'm sorry, your voice. Well then the people you need to call are the police. Are you sure? Yes, hi I'm Laura, I'm a trained counselor. How can I help you.It's mother, Sidney, now be a good girl and turn on the news. DO IT! Don't you want to know how you can help, Sidney? Are you listening to me, huh? No I need to call you. Just you. Uh-huh I'm sure. I've killed someone! OH MY GOD I'VE ACTUALLY KILLED SOMEONE! Laura I think I just killed somebody. Hello?