Well, I hope it stays that way. Is she in any kind of therapy... professional help? I mean, did you ask her? What kind of drugs has she tried? One thing bothers me... That kid they dropped off had coke and heroin in him. Serious amounts. He's lucky he lived. So I gotta ask: what's your daughter on? Like I said, open container, P.I., Misdemeanor possession. Easy to make it disappear. For you, poof, it's gone. Judge Wakefield, it's an honor to handle it for you. Consider it gone away. She's a minor; it probably would've expunged on her 18th birthday anyway.I want to believe you. I really do. Well, you know, he's going to say about Madrigal... and Salazar. Nine thousand dollars. He has debts. He has gambling debts. He owes a lot of money. It's very hard for me to come and tell you this. He never came home last night. Was he with you? I can't find Manolo. He's right. They'll do it when you're walking somewhere, make it look like street crime.Where are you going? At least she's alive. My Leica's gone. I don't know. Me, too. Should we bring the police into this? Oh, it is? I'm not the one who has to have three scotches just to walk in the door and say hello. No, I don't think so. Leave me alone, give me money. That's what I get from our daughter. She has a way of shutting me out that seems very familiar. If you start in on the war metaphors I'm going to drive this car into a fucking telephone pole. Because I'm at the edge of my capabilities, Robert. You might want to pencil in a little face-time with your daughter. Does this mean you're going to be gone more? She asked me not to. Six months. I found some marijuana, that's all. And a little pipe about two inches long. I talked with her. She said her friends smoked pot and drank -- We don't want to push her away. These are growing experiences. I think she has to find out for herself, on her own. We have to allow her space -- Why? Should we take the quotes off experiment and call it what it is? Honey, this is difficult, but we've all had our moments. I tried -- Me, too. It's so frustrating. So you know we put the case before the arbitration panel, none of whom had any expertise. Superfund is just one of those words. People stop paying attention. Like a Grateful Dead Concert. How well do you know this boy, Seth, who was driving? You know the police have charged him with a DUI and possession of marijuana. What do you think? I don't know. Not yet. Caroline -- Czar for life, just like a real czar. Honey, your father knows the President.He's a friend. He's also like the only one who was dealing with the situation. He'd definitely had a few beers, but it's not like he wanted to drive. We didn't know what else to do. It wasn't my pot. He didn't hang around us. He's like one of those hippie kids. I'm not part of that group. It was a party in all these rooms. His girlfriend who I barely know was completely hysterical... He's blue, he's puking... We didn't want to get in trouble, but what were we supposed to do? I mean, what would you have done if you had been us? Is this bad for him? Are you going to? Did you tell Dad? Sorry, but I mean, come on. None of my friends can fucking believe my dad is the actual Drug Czar. That makes mom the Czarina. I'm a Czarette. Like Anastasia. Did you meet the President? You can't make me. Like I give a fuck. Fuck you. I wasn't doing anything. You're like the Gestapo. How long's the job? Will we get invited to the White House? What if every country legalized at the same time? What about legalizing everything? Has anybody talked about that? I'm a National Merit Finalist. I'm on the Hi-Q team and the Math team. I'm in the Spanish Club. I'm a Thespian. I'm Vice-President of my class. I'm on the volleyball team. I get A's. All A's. I'm third in my class. Yeah. Cincinnati Country Day. I volunteer. I read to blind people. One day a week for two hours. Yes. Yes. Sixteen I think so. If she didn't she should have. I've only got maybe an hour. Then volleyball practice is over and I have to be home. Then here's a little bump. Have you done your homework, honey? Maybe we could show up and smoke a little rock with them to unwind -- Are you kidding... I'm staying with you -- Ach, that's what I'm talking about. Sarcasm. Always fucking sarcasm. You're afraid and you think if you admit it people will think you're weak or won't like you -- What is this, like freebase? What are you doing?It's the same stuff? From the rainy day stash? Did you get it? I need an introduction to the Obregon Brothers. I know I made things worse. I know that and I'm sorry, but Arnie I need something from you. Something only you can help me with. That is going to be rather difficult when all the evidence is against us. I tried, Arnie. And, I will continue to try. I'm glad you think so, but I'm picturing a debt-ridden, thirty-two year-old mother whose ex-husband is being compared to Pablo Escobar. And I'm wondering who would want to be with someone like that? Sometimes I wonder what I'll do if Carl doesn't get out. I'm not very adept at being on my own. I've always had a man in my life. Always. Don't you have some good news? Isn't there something positive you could say. What about legitimate businesses? We own a construction concern, real estate -- Please. Tell me who Carl sells to. Arnie, help me. Doesn't anyone owe us money? Arnie, I need money. Somebody threatened my children. They want a first payment of three million dollars. How much do I pay him? If all our assets are frozen and our "sales force" has scattered... How am I supposed to survive? I'm giving birth in three months. How do I get through this? I am on the board of my son's school. I had a fundraiser for A.L.V. in my front yard. I have a right to know if my husband is a legitimate businessman. Arnie, I feel like Alice stepping through the looking glass. What is he being charged with? Arnie, this is crazy. Why are you talking like that? Arnie, thank God. Tell me what to do, Carl. I need guidance, not a fucking platitude. I'm not bringing a child into the kind of life I grew up with. I won't do it. I want our life back. How? Supportive letters from prison while I'm being kicked out of our home? Do you have any idea what is happening out here? Our credit cards are maxed. The people at the bank, you should see their faces when I walk in there. I have a letter from the government telling me that anything I sell from our house will be taken against an income tax lien. Our friends are behaving like the crowd at a public hanging. Nobody will help us. Nobody will take us in. Nobody wants anything to do with us. So tell me, Carl, how you're gonna make it up to me. Tell me again how we'll get through this, and maybe while you're at it you can put your hand up against the glass so we can have a tender moment of connection. We watched his father get dragged away by federal agents. I don't even know how to begin to tell him where you are or when you're coming back... Or if you're coming back. How's David? How's David? He's terrific, Carl. I keep feeling like I'm forgetting something. Just watching you. Hi. Women's room, stall two. Should we stop for ice-cream? David -- Especially Tiger Woods. ...Actually, he keeps his on the back seat. All the professionals keep them in the trunk. I'll put this in the back. What are you? A mouse? Get out of the car and do it. This is your chance. There's always a way. If people get to the Pope or the President, you can get to him. When will you do it? You're kidding. Can't you shoot him or something? I have a job for you and I don't have much time. I'm on a special phone, may I speak freely? You will help me with my other problem. That's crazy. My husband is on trial for smuggling. It should be... It's yours. I want our debt forgiven. I want to be the exclusive distributor of Obregon Brothers Cocaine for the United States. And I want the principle witness against my husband, Eduardo Ruiz, killed. Fine, then we don't have a deal. I'm six months pregnant. I won't do it. Every part, from his ears to his accessory belt, is high-impact, pressure-molded cocaine. Odorless. Undetectable by dogs. Undetectable by anyone. Not in... We have the ability to change the color, odor, and physical property of cocaine. My husband had been working on something he called, The Project for the Children. Are you aware of this? There are plenty of other suppliers in Mexico. I don't think you're going to do that. My husband is the victim of an informer in your organization, not ours. Why do you say that, Mr. Marquez? Yes, he threatened to kill my five year-old son. I was under the impression I would be meeting Juan Obregon.It's three a.m. I'm not supposed to be here. I snuck out -- What kind of research? Your dad's a doctor. Call him --