Yes he is. I'm very proud of him. He's been through a lot in his life. A lot of ups and downs, a lot of bad spells. A couple I'd thought had broken him... I mean emotionally. They were bad... But he made it. Yes he did. He's spoken of you. He says you're becoming friends. I am. I'm helping him with the sale. On a bench, across the street. Well, go get it then. Forget why. Do you want it or not? ...I got a present for you. You can't do anything about that. You might fall between that chair and this television. If that's what God has planned for you, that's what's going to happen. You can't hide from it in your room. No more sitting in this room. I've let it go on long enough.It's like you resent us David. Resent the life you have. Why? That counts. Maybe it wasn't a specific moment, maybe it-- It's finished. I won. Think carefully? My turn. When was the first time the thought popped into your head that we might not make it? We're supposed to be honest. Soft and Wet, by the Artist Formerly Known as Prince. I didn't know that. Mine's still brown. Rust? He didn't do anything. He just told me his theory... It's sad when patients get like that. They loose reality. Oh. Elijah Price came to visit me at the center today. Yes. He's just laying in bed. He's pretty upset. He won't talk. You use your sleeve. Not often, but it is possible. Most people get scared when they see the shadow of their limits. They don't know how long the shadow really is. They don't know how far away the real limits are standing... They stop out of fear. I was hoping you would call me, but... Anyway I decided not to wait. I was thinking, it might be nice to go to dinner together. My name is Megan Inverso. We went to college together. Yes. Is this David? I've come to a decision. Matching shirt and shorts. It was brutal. The Mitchell barbecue three years ago. Is there anything else you wanted to ask me while I'm up?... When was the last time you wore pink? When was the last time you drank soup standing up? Final call for strange questions at two in the morning. Is that what you wanted to ask me? It means we're probably to tired to remember. ...I can't remember. Not a specific day. What's this about? Okay. I don't know. It's been a while. Oh. Is Jeremy okay? I don't want to drag this out too long for Jeremy. What does that mean? For a second there I thought you were a fanatic. Is this a religious thing? And what was that explanation? Any way, fate stepped in and took football out of the equation. Football wasn't the kind of life I wanted... For ten years I'd be by the phone waiting for a call telling me he broke his neck in a practice game. And if it wasn't that call, it would be a call telling me he blew out his knee or suffered his third concussion. I've seen way too much of it in my job... I can barely take it when my clients are in pain. I don't hate the game. I admire the amount of skill it involved and, like everyone else, I was in awe of how he could play it, but I couldn't give him my heart and then have something happen to him. And it always does with that game. It's not a thing many people would understand. ...See my husband was a big football star in college and we were in an accident together. Our car flipped on an icy road. We were both injured. He couldn't play football anymore. If that hadn't happened, we wouldn't have been together. Twelve years. We're going to prevent any substantial atrophy of your good leg with this. It works the quadriceps.That's what I said to my son. He said, there's always two kinds. The soldier villain who fights the hero with his hands, and then there's the real threat. The brilliant and evil arch enemy who fights the hero with his mind. Is David Dunne there? This kid is six foot two, two hundred and forty pounds. He runs the fifty in under six seconds. He's going to be a God. I'm meeting a player from Temple University. He's a cornerback. You like football? Is that right? It's my field. I represent athletes. I'm an agent.