What about "climbing in?" Even the skylight? You might be right, but Fun is overrated. I need something real. I know, I know, a Warrior. You're very annoying..Now tell me how to defuse the bomb you've set.. Pass! Oh Honey, it's so much better when we do it without the helmet. At this point, a nap. Oh by the way, I killed your butler and your dog.. Winning. You can't get away with.. I'm supposed to be taking personality tips from you three? You people were once heroes. You had ideals. You fought for things. Spooky told me so... How can you say things with such feeling and then turn around and put on a helmet and...Who are you? Were you sitting on my right or my left at the card table? Tell me! Please tell me who you are; you own me that! You've seen me... I still have one left... Oh please, sir, one more. Are you the reporter or the architect? "A superhero's job is to protect.." Sorry, I can't take you seriously...I overheard you say that tomorrow the Cult of Good will be dead--I should be so lucky--what did that mean? It's a lot more fun than fighting violence with pamphlets. That voicebox of yours is a hoot. Say "I'm wearing no underwear"--it'll be funny.. You do know you're evil, don't you? You're not a super-hero. You're not even a hero. You're a scary, sick, fake who made a big mistake. You killed someone very special to me.. Hello, Rachel. I'm Selina. "Save the City?" I don't want to save the city, I want to move! Listen, I'm sure the computer disc is pretty fascinating and I can't thank you enough for the little weird gold thingie, but.. Oh no, not a computer disc. A computer disc? Oh man, come on, what do I look like? I'm not a crime- fighter, I'm not a detective, what, I'm supposed to find some "clues" on this disc. I can't... For when the..Uh, yeah, thanks, a little gold piece of...gold. Uh... I heard what you said, Spooky. I can't believe he shot you... You're not strong. You're scared..scared that someone like me will see right through you. Whatever the Cult of Good was, it's not anymore... You don't have to listen to me, just listen to you.. Whatever you say...Sis. Hello, Spooky. Spooky.Ask me another one-- How did you know our nanny's name is...Lucky guess! I'm a good mother! Did you just say "girls?" You Housewives have no idea what we go through!Trust me, you won't have to. Do you always listen to what your mother says? Selina. Something you choose your life. Sometimes your life chooses you. Save the day.. Yes, you do. You have to go rescue all those people... I hate it when you let your hair just hang like that...you have such pretty eyes... Yes, I'm pretty amazing. You should see this...It came this evening. What kind of name is "Brock Leviathan?" Where were you last night? I didn't hear you come in. Because she asked me--and I couldn't very well turn her down. Don't you remember-- of course you don't remember--that "Hag" is the one who brought you to that hospital in Gotham City. For what it's worth-- currently not much--we owe her your life...When I think about a single woman in Gotham City--amnesia is probably the best thing that could happen to a girl like you...Oh, don't forget your visor. Don't sneak up on me... Oh, so now even the keepers of the city don't meet your standards...You're late. It's funny, I've heard of giving up finding a man and raising a family to pursue a career. And I've heard of foregoing a career to start a family-- but I think you're onto something new, Selina. "Absolutely nothing"-- Has a ring to it. I think it could catch on...How's that for sarcasm? Is every single thing out of your mouth since your "accident" have to be a monotone mumble of cheap sarcasm? Oh, I forgot to tell you, you're on a diet...The fact you're still reasonably pretty is the one thing you got going for you. You're late.I thought you said you weren't a very good liar. In many ways, that obnoxious creep Cactus was the worst one of all. He got off on giving out pain... It would be honor, Brock. Now let's go get this guy... Oh now, you put up a good fight. Let's change the subject. Where do people who live in Oasisburg go to get away from it all? A couple that battles the forces of evil together is a couple that stays together. Thank you, Jeff. No-o. You know, questions like that don't help your cause-- Hmm. Not bad. Tonight, somewhere in the city, innocent people will die--but then one of you knows that; for one of you is a vicious pirate-terrorist posing as the beloved superhero Captain God. Uh Brock, today you are without me... At some sanctimonious celebration of condescension. Nothing like appeasing half the population with a two hour luncheon. I got home fine. How's the "warehouse." I'm sure. Your warehouse? Go on ahead--to your "warehouse." I'll be okay... Well, it's just that I would think that the woman who is the real, non- imitation Catwoman would be pretty angry at some little amateur minx stealing the whole whip idea. Really angry. A whip? Now that's going too far! Some of these women have no shame! No it's not. I'm sorry I went off like that, I get passionate. I--I guess I'm a passionate person. One of those things I had forgotten. When you were a little boy did you want to grow up to be a superhero? Stop. We are not having a "duality" conversation. "Ooh, he has a secret side. Ooh, she has a dark side." Please. Duality is a joke. You get one, do you understand me? You get one life. One shot. I'm so tired of women saying "I have an inner strength" or "Deep down, I'm really ambitious." "One day I'll design my own line of clothing and write children's stories, if I can only remember to return the videos I rented last night." If you are something, then you better be out there doing something. You need to be the same bold thing in the day that you are at night--with maybe a slight clothing change. There is no gray area. The truth is not somewhere in between. There are two sides to every personality, all right--the reality...and the lie. We are not having a "duality" conversation. I checked out your stuff at the library. Awesome work, really. Why would someone like you want to go out with a...with a..what exactly am I, again? Oh, it's superb--I mean if you like that fascist nightmare kind of thing... You designed Gotham Plaza? The big silver guys pulling on those big silver things... I'm not afraid. Are you? But of course you are. Dinner at Eight. Wouldn't miss it. How heroic of you... You're probably right. Nothing, just a jolt of deja-vu. I think I went out with a guy with a dignified British butler--can't remember how it turned out.. I wonder.. I don't know. I can't remember. Guilty. I am. I'll bet. Funny, for some reason, I don't think dogs are supposed to like me. In women? What if I were to say "Your Wife"-- as in does she know of your touching mentor-student relationship with the post-Bicentennial babe working the roulette wheel? Oh Frank, I'm not anti-male, I'm anti- you. Believe me, there's a difference. Kelly is designing new uniforms for next week. Pay her and thank her. And is it a rule that the hottest places on the planet have the coldest air conditioning. There's something out there called 73 degrees, look into it. Can I be frank, Frank? Your entire existence is sexual harassment. I accept there's not much you can do about it. Stop. "Pre-bicentennial babe?" What's the good news? I'll let you know. Have you seen the Oasisburg Police? They drive golf carts with little red sirens. You know, now that I hear myself tell it, I'm thinking maybe both of you are messing with me. What, you get the Helmet Monday through Thursday, then Brock takes it for the weekend... Then there's you, Louis, sneaking through back alleys and surprise visiting me at my home..Both of you have been way too frisky from the get- go. I'm actually a pretty amazing person--funny, smart, attractive when I get my sleep--but you two had no way of knowing that-- when I met you both I was basically a morose, depressed amnesiac incapable of any human feeling. The only reason one of you wanted to go out with me is because you knew I was Catwoman. Lose the smile, Mr. Good Reflexes. We were having a pretty okay time the other night--good food, good conversation--some Catwomen show up and it's "You need cab fare?; I got to go to my Hideout--Oh, I'm sorry, I mean "warehouse." Fine, fine, at a later date, I'll be more than happy to talk about my perverse psychological complexities with the one who's not the creep. But for now, I'm drilling inside your brains...I bring up the whole Catwoman thing for one reason. I bit Captain God in the hand and the next day you both show up equipped with big bandaids and wobbly excuses-- "My grandfather is inventing a new kind of blender.." I'm not through. This will come as a shock. Again, to one of you. I am Catwoman. The Catwoman. You are... I give up. I give up.--I can't figure you out. Not gonna try. Go together? Sure, why not? Another date with someone who could be an insane messenger of death for all I know. No offense. Hey, lean over, let me smell your breath..Say in a deep voice, "A superhero's job is to protect..." Hey, I thought... I said I saw you last night. What were you doing hiding in that alley, running off when the superhero alarm sounded... Like you don't know... Nothing. How's your hand? Did you try to kill... Oh, do you turn around every time somebody just shouts at you? You turned around! Hey, Captain God! Next time, call... Well. I'd let you come in, but the place is a mess... Ah! You scared me! How did you know to come here! Have you been spying.. I am. Dinner with Brock Leviathan... But of course you are. Enough. I actually got some memory back last night. Yeah, she's okay. I don't know what came over me. Uh. "Thanks?" "I'll go out with you." Now go get me these old newspapers... What if I say I'll go out with you, so you can have all these great daydreams, but then never actually talk to you again? But I'm blind. I don't know if I can do it alone. But I'm not a hero. I'm nobody's heroine..I'm nothing. You've said so yourself many times. Mom, not now! I, I don't know what to do.. They're going to attack Frank's Fun Palace! I never thanked you..the arrow..the motorcycle..the computer disc..You're so different from what I..and so the same. Mom? Oh Mom, I messed up... It's because I didn't come in. I live in the Hut, now. I meant to tell you..See ya. Uh, it's just--that woman out there-- that horrible Hag. She's the one who keeps following me on her creepy little scooter--And now she's built a hut in the back..Why did you... I'll take your abuse, but it's way too early for the sanctimonious Cult of Gag... Pretty good...Mom, I don't want you to think I don't appreciate...letting me stay, getting me the job--I've been a mess. I'm still a mess. It's just...we have to start having a different conversation. I can't take.. Maybe. Oh Mommy, you're embarrassing me. A hearty breakfast is the start of a great morning... Yes, Mother. Dear. Nice breasts. You going to talk all day? The kicks..the rush..you mean, like pulling heists..faking your own deaths..killing innocent bystanders...like Mexican angels. I know you're a woman. Do you? You seem sad, Spooky. What's it like being a superhero? It must be frightfully exciting..How did you guys all get together? Oh pooh, come now. If you turn me down, I just might throw a fit..you know how us girls can be.. What's a powerful man like you standing all alone for? Dance with me?