James. I'd like to go back. James... One of my suitors. I wasn't driving. I'd left the car in the parking lot at the airport. Could it have been deliberate? My last lesson's next week. James... my car... I'd better come with you, then. Are you sure you can drive? You'd better drive him. He's a bit shaky. I'll follow in my car. Where is yours? They're questioning Vaughan about an accident near the airport. Some pedestrian... they think he was run over intentionally. Is he circumcised? Can you imagine what his anus is like? Describe it to me. Would you like to sodomize him? Would you like to put your penis right into his anus, thrust it up his anus? Tell me, describe it to me. Tell me what you would do. How would you kiss him in that car? Describe how you'd reach over and unzip his greasy jeans, then take out his penis. Would you kiss it or suck it right away? Which hand would you hold it in? Have you ever sucked a penis? Do you know what semen tastes like? Have you ever tasted semen? Some semen is saltier than others. Vaughan's semen must be very salty... Have you seen his penis? Would you like to tuck him, though? In that car? Do you find him attractive? He must have tucked a lot of women in that huge car of his. It's like a bed on wheels. It must smell of semen... Maybe I am a little. James, I've got to leave for the office. Are you going to be all right? I'm amazed that she'll let you drive her. I've never really noticed. Is Renata going with you? How can you drive? James... your legs. You can Barely walk. Renata tells me you're going to rent a car. No, I couldn't. I feel too close to her. I wish I had. They bury the dead so quickly - they should leave them lying around for months. Minute flecks were spattered across the seat and steering wheel. The instrument panel was buckled inwards, cracking the clock and the speedometer dials. The cabin was deformed, and there was dust and glass and plastic flakes everywhere inside. The carpeting was damp and stank of blood and other body and machine fluids. It is? The sergeant asked me to identify it. He didn't believe you'd gotten out alive. My car, not yours. Yours is a complete wreck. The police dragged it to the pound behind the station. Outside in the visitors, car park. He was a chemical engineer with a food company. The other man, the dead man, his wife is a doctor - Dr. Helen Remington. She's here, somewhere. As a patient, of course. Maybe you'll find her in the hallways tomorrow on your walk. Well, yes. You're getting out of bed tomorrow. They want you to walk. Yes. From Wendel. To celebrate, the license approval for our air-charter firm. I forgot to tell you. If I groundloop during my flying lesson on Saturday you might wake up and find me next to you. Not a lot of action here. There, that's better. Poor darling. What can I do about Karen? How can I arrange to have her seduce me? She desperately needs a conquest. No. What about your camera girl? Did she come? In the private aircraft hangar. Anybody could have walked in.Yes. They felt like traffic accidents. Yes. I didn't plan it that way. The junior pathologist at Ashford Hospital. Then the husband of a colleague of mine, then a trainee radiologist, then the service manager at my garage. I don't know. You can never be sure with Vaughan. This is his show. When I first met Vaughan, he was a specialist in international computerized traffic systems. I don't know what he is now. That's Vaughan. He talked to you at the hospital. That's the point. Besides, I know I can give something now that I wasn't remotely aware of before. It's not a matter of duty so much as of commitment. Yes. We sat in B massive traffic jam under an off-ramp. I don't think we moved more than fifty yards. I'm thinking of taking up a new job with the Road Research Laboratory. They need a medical officer. The salary is larger something I've got to think about now. There's a certain moral virtue in being materialistic, I'm beginning to feel. Well, it's a new approach for me, in any case. I've found that I enjoy burying myself in heavy traffic. I like to look at it. Yesterday I hired a taxi driver to drive me around for an hour. "Anywhere", I said. It's much worse now. You noticed that, did you? The day I left the hospital I had the extraordinary feeling that all these cars were gathering for some special reason I didn't understand. There seemed to be ten times as much traffic. Do you want a cigarette? I started to smoke at the hospital. It's rather stupid of me. I work in the immigration department there. I'll wear a bloody kimono if I want to. Not yet - though not soon enough for some people, I've already found. A death in the doctor's family makes the patients doubly uneasy. Haven't I? To the airport, if you could. Were you badly hurt? I think we saw each other at the hospital. I don't want the car. In fact, I was appalled to find that I have to pay a small fee to have it scrapped. They said it was here. They told me this morning. After this sort of thing, how do people manage to look at a car, let alone drive one? I'm trying to find Charles's car.I'm going to leave now. Do you want a lift? What does he want from you? Serious. But you'll have to take your new friend, the female crash-test dummy. She dropped it off for you. I suspect it involves reenactments of famous car crashes. You know, Jayne Mansfield, James Dean, Albert Camus... A complimentary ticket for a special stunt-driving exhibition. Definitely not part of the big auto show. There's a map in the packet and a note requesting you be discrete about the location. Can you drive? Are you still involving me in your crash? I saw the blood. It looks like motor oil. I'm sure the police would make an exception in your case. Are we allowed to park here?