How do you know that? We can prove that you're not Ray Dunbar. Impersonating a fellow Cadet is a court-martial in and of itself -- You kept Kendall alive to corroborate your story and he did it all they way up to the end. You even gave him his own motive in case we decided to burn him, too. Where's the cabin? Why didn't you tell us all this in the first place? Mueller was alone in the cabin? Back up. What about the phosphorous grenade? Where? What business? He said he worked there -- Epilepsy. Tell us about the other guys, the ones West weeded out. Are you saying Sergeant West tried to kill you? He was your friend. Your phone number? Yeah. A word of advice about women -- that first hour or so after they kill their boss? Probably not the best time to hit on them. Nah. Go home, get drunk, and try and forget this ever happened. What are you doing out here? Yeah. I can wait till you're off the base and do it myself. Nobody saw. But I don't think so. Far as I'm concerned, whatever you did in the past can stay in the past. You're a good man, Hardy. That's not true. What if I don't want it? This isn't the time -- What? We need to talk -- No bodies, no West... Hardy, for Chrissakes -- Hardy, what are you doing -- We got maybe three minutes till they break it down. Four -- No. We were close to something with Kendall. For what? You know, you never told me why you left the army. Think it'll work? So what now? So did I. You wanted to break him. You mean the falsely accused? You wanted to get the truth. You couldn't have known -- See, I just take your gun to the morgue and fire it into one of their skulls; then I call every newspaper in the country with the story about how Senator Kendall's gay son went nuts on a training mission -- Good idea. Positive. Hardy, they planned this. What Kendall said -- "the type of guys you don't feel comfortable going to sleep around." That's what Dunbar said about Childs to the letter. They got their stories straight. Little bit. So why, after Dunbar drags Kendall out from under a house, does the Senator's son try and get us to put his savior in the gas chamber? Buttfucks the cabin? So it's a good plan but it goes wrong; Mueller flips out and shoots their fall guy, which means they have to bring Dunbar and Kendall into the cover story -- They believe the innocent are guilty and the guilty are innocent. Dunbar. Talk it through: Childs, Mueller, and Nunez know they're going out on the regular Tuesday Night drill, hurricane or no hurricane, so they plan it: Kill West, pin it on Pike. At least you and Kendall agree on that. What? Because it's my job. Because people are dead. Because of the whole honor and duty thing, make a difference in the world, crap like that. We can do this, Hardy. But you will. I was starting to believe you, you know? That you weren't who everyone said. I guess I was wrong -- You did more than try. You cracked Dunbar in less than three minutes, as an investigator you're phenomenal -- You said you owed Styles and now you're gonna turn your back on him? Goddammit, Hardy, you can't just leave -- Styles couldn't reassign him, he's a legend -- I don't know. Look, all we've got is what Kendall says, and he didn't actually witness any deaths except Nunez. He found West, he saw Mueller and Pike, but just their bodies -- he didn't see any crime committed. I just... He came back for Kendall. I don't think he's capable of murder. I don't think that has anything to do with -- But we have to question him -- Thought you didn't have cigarettes -- That was kid gloves? Remember, he's the son of a Senator, so go easy. Kid gloves. Not the happiest of memories? Something wrong? What point? Imagine what it must have been like for them out there. What do you think of Dunbar? You're off to a late start. You do understand that there's absolutely no way I could ever be attracted to you, right? This is the straight hitting on me you were talking about, isn't it? You're kidding. Something like that. You? Typical army brat story. Dad was noncom, Mom was a Nurse. There was never any real doubt of joining up. What is that? We're in the middle of a murder case -- You really want to make banal chit- chat like that now? You made me look like an idiot -- Baseball? The Colonel saw you shoot Nunez, you're a murderer -- I questioned him for three hours and he didn't make a sound. You don't have a badge, he won't talk to you. Good cop/bad cop? That is the most unprofessional -- Excuse me? Why? Yes. Kendall Junior is still in surgery, so he won't be available to answer for his name or anything else for another hour -- the cadet we're talking to first is Dunbar. Senator Jonathan Kendall, of Ohio. Hurricane knocked out our Mainframe, so all we have are their dogtags. Cadets Raymond Dunbar and Levi Kendall -- Wording and your friendship with the Colonel aside, I'm not comfortable having you involved in this. You're the Tom Hardy I've been reading about in the papers, right? New Orleans PD fired you for taking bribes from Guissepe Torres. You and the Colonel go back. Sergeant West's served for twenty- three years. He's the public face of the modern Army. You knew Sergeant West? Hostile and uncooperative. What happened with Nunez? So you framed him. The same way Childs was going to frame Pike. Who, Levi -- Wrong answer -- What. Enjoy your flight to Washington -- It will and you know why? Because you're not a person anymore, you're a cadet in the United States Army; you have no identity, no Miranda warning, and no rights. So I'm gonna throw you to the wolves, and unlike you, I'm gonna get away with it, because you're pissing me off! It doesn't matter, Levi. We're going to find those bodies and when we do, I'm going to make sure one of them has a bullet in them that matches your weapon -- You and Dunbar got your stories straight. Little details, little inconsistencies, designed to bounce us back from one of you to the other, asking questions, killing time, until the transport arrives and whisks you away to where Senator Daddy can protect you. You think you're just going to slide out of this? You're an accessory to murder, Levi, you're going to jail -- Dunbar says you were. Pike never confessed. Fifty minutes. Pike never confessed. But you didn't see it, right? Nunez was chasing Dunbar. No one else heard it? He said what? He couldn't kick you out so he wanted you to quit on your own. We just want -- So? No, no that was Cadet Dunbar -- Yeah. You never told me why you got kicked out of... What happens to Dunbar now? We know. He tried to burn Dunbar to us. You don't do that if you're not involved. It's too neat. No -- Search parties for the others are fanning out in a ten click radius from the pickup. If they're hurt and we can get to them in time... He's not Army, it's not official -- But this guy you called, he's not even Army -- This is totally unnecessary --Lucky girl. I know. Go. Please. Go. Just go. It's okay, just leave it. I won't be selling you this house, Mr. Bloom. I was 18. He was 28. Turns out that was a big difference. I'm not convinced you should be happy. Then I don't think so Mr. Bloom. If nothing is going to change, I'd just as soon it not change in the way it hasn't been changing all this time. So I've heard. No one would come out here unless they had business. And no one would have business with me except for you. You're buying the town. You must be Edward Bloom. Promise me you'll come back. How are you gonna make it without your shoes? And when I'm 38, you'll be 48. And that's not much difference at all. I'm eight. That means when I'm eighteen, you'll be 28. And when I'm 28, you'll only be 38. How old are you? It's not a woman, it's a fish. No one ever catches her. Was she nekkid? What did she look like? Well, therapy. And one day I realized I was in love with a man who could never love me back. I was living in a fairy tale. No, it's logical if you think like your father. See, to him, there's only two women: your mother and everyone else. Look, I don't know how much you want to know about any of this. You have one image of your father and it would be wrong for me to go and change it. Especially this late in the game. Can I ask you a question? Why did you come here today? If you found this deed, why didn't you just ask Eddie? Wow. Wow, you just said it. I was expecting to dance around this for another half hour. This was on his sales route, so he was through here all the time. Everyone in town knew him. I am. And you're Will. I've seen your picture, that's how I recognize you. I almost said something at the store, but it would have been awkward. Like this. I wasn't expecting you. Oh. Oh.I like your stories. You were talking about your wedding. Is it the medicine that's making you thirsty? I thought you said you didn't have a church wedding. Oh, so this is a tall tale? I never knew. Please? Can I take your picture? Stop. No, I understand. That's terrible. What were you dreaming about? Hi. How are you feeling? Really. I do. I'm sorry. It seems every hour I have to... I need to lie down for a bit. I'll help you. I spent a week in Morocco for the story. It was incredible. Yes. Your father had a stroke. He's upstairs with your mom and Dr. Bennett. I am always on your side. And I think you should talk to him. You're not. But it's not true. Do you love him? Do you love your father? Mmm, what? But it's romantic. What about the details? How they fell in love. The Circus. The War. You never told me any of that. You never told me how your parents met. I talked with your father last night. I'm going with you. I'm going with you. You need to go. It's bad.I see. We need to get you one of those plant misters. We can spray you like a fern. How can I convince you to stop? You don't even know me. How did you get so many? Daffodils? But you're wrong. I do know you, at least by reputation. Edward Bloom from Ashton. See, I'm actually engaged to a boy from Ashton. Don Price. He was a few years older than you. I'm sorry. I loved it. It sounds peculiar, but I loved every minute of it. I did. Eddie was travelling a lot, so he was gone, but I felt like I always had a piece of him with me. A little part of his soul inside me. I could feel it. It was alive and kicking. Do you like it, being pregnant? I know. It was the same when I was carrying Will. Like clockwork. I'm going to check on him. I'm going to get started on dishes. We'll have to pick up a copy. Down the hall on the right. The door sticks. You have to really pull it. Thank you. I'll bet you need to -- Yes. Thank you. That's okay? I don't suppose one of us could stay with him. In case he... In case he wakes up, one of us should be there. Heavens no. We had a hard enough time keeping the mortgage on this place. I suppose your grandmother's house when she passed on. But we sold that right away. Your cousin Shirley bought it. Yes? He just fell asleep. Josephine's with him. Not everything your father says is a complete fabrication. Do you know who that is? Was she one of your teachers? Before I forget, your father has papers in the basement I'd like you to go through. I wouldn't know what's important. Well, clearly you don't. But I'm not the mystery you're trying to solve right now. I know it's not easy. Just remember, he didn't choose to be your father and you didn't choose to be his son. You just ended up together. You could pick numbers out of a dark bag and it'd be just the same. If you ask me, it's a wonder parents and children can stand each other at all. Yes, you both think William Bloom is a very smart man. The problem is, you only see me as your mother, and not as someone's wife. And I've been his wife longer than I've been your mother. You can't discount that. No it's not. It's exactly the same. Your father and I met, we dated, and we married -- we chose each other -- because we understood each other on some fundamental level. Just the same as you two. Would you say you understand Josephine? Yes, Will, I do. And don't presume things you don't know. Yes. Of course. Really! That's wonderful. You don't talk about those things. Not yet. He's impossible. He won't eat. And because he won't eat, he gets weaker. And because he's weaker, he doesn't want to eat. He's up with your father. You didn't need to do that. You just didn't. Ruth McHibbon offered to pick you up at the airport. How did you get here?Fine. But only if we recover the cash. And how much did you say you wanted for this... What did you call it? A finder's fee? I think so. The airport's going to be crawling with police. Traffic will be a nightmare. Go down to the bar. If they pull it off, great. Have someone deal with Ashby. Let's see... Let's suppose he gets to Customs and he gets caught. We get our money back, but then we have to deal with a criminal investigation. I don't much like that idea. Then again, let's suppose he actually gets through Customs. Now, that'll be something. We recover the money in cash and let the insurance cover the corporate fraud. We double our money.You're welcome. I was just going to ask you if you'd like to join us. Really? Wish we had met eight hours ago. Don't tell me you started a tech firm here before us. So we've been meeting with banks all day. It's amazing how many ways they can say "no" without ever using the word. On me. For the seat. Cheers. That's right. So, brainiacs that we are, we thought we'd be innovative and relocate east. Try our luck with a straight corporate loan out here. It's more like what aren't I doing. My partners and I are trying to secure start up capital for a small tech company. We tried the venture capitalist route in the Valley, but then again who hasn't up there. Oh god. I'm overbearing and rude. Lily. Lily Finn. Brutal day. They say the streets are lined with money down here, but I guess you have to know the secret handshake. What are you drinking? Thanks for playing along. I just have to sit for a while. But I'm not that late. You didn't have to give away my seat. That's it? What are you talking about? We can still do this! So what? We just stay clear of him. I'm going home It's alright. Grant's one of the good guys. So far, masters of our own demise. What bank are you with? No, I want my cut! You sold me out. You should have trusted me like I trusted you. You fucked up. You fucked up HUGE. You got my cell. Leave a message. Your friend, Big Al? It should have been you. No, I want my cut! What about the money? What about... Everyone's working an angle, right? You are such a raving pussy sometimes. Jesus... Take it easy. You know why I told you that, Jake? Because I trust you too. I don't know. I packed up my shit and ran away. To this... So unlike you, I guess I do have something to prove, in a repressed anger sort of way. After Glenn was finished, he gave me a couple of valiums and I went home. The next day, I finished my shift and met him around back, like we always did. I stuck a number eight scalpel into his chest. Three or four times. Shit, what was that guy's name? I really liked him. Then he grabbed me and threw me down on the floor, that really cold linoleum tiled hospital floor and started ripping my uniform off. He said he was going to "fuck some sense into me." Sort of. I was telling him about this great love of my life who's name I don't remember, and I could see... He was getting pissed. I thought it was just because he was worried about me, but... He told me that I was stupid because my boyfriend didn't really love me. No, we never got busted. We were done with a shift one night, both a couple of Percocets down and I was telling Glenn about my boyfriend, about how we were thinking about doing it, you know? I was thinking about letting him be my first because I loved him. What the hell was his name? We were friends. I trusted him. I should have known it was weird. But, then again I was weird. He wasn't my boyfriend. I had a boyfriend at the time... What was his name? Anyway, Glenn was like thirty. I was only fifteen. But he was a nice guy. Real sweet. Liked to talk. We used to get loaded on pills from the nurses station and then listen to Morrisey or some stupid shit like that. Not the way I did it. I was loaded half the time. I don't know how you could change bedpans sober. I used to hang out with this guy, Glenn. He was an x-ray technician or something. Who says you have to know the King to be in a hole? I actually did have a real job once. When I was in high school, I worked as a candy striper. WHAT? You have really soft hands. Like a baby's. How do you know I will? So that was my part? Smile and shake my ass? It's more than that. Whatever. But you... I get the feeling you could have bullshitted your way into anything. So why this? I'm your basic underachiever. Can't stand working and porn doesn't seem like a good option. Do you have something to prove? Why? Your mother not breast feed you or something? I think you'd do it for free. You're almost drooling. You like the rush. Look at you... You want to go. We're getting down to the wire. Apparently another company has a similar product in R&D right now. If they beat us to it... Did I miss something? You told me to change my hair! Lighten up. I gotta go get a haircut. He's gone. Uh... Everything okay? Then show me how. You're just going to have to trust me. Why? What? It's just that I left my asshole decoder ring at home, so how do I know not to worry? What the hell's his problem? Mr. King, I think -- Hey, I'm not just along for the ride, so I don't want to hear any bullshit later about a smaller cut. What about Customs? What do I have to do? No. What's my cut? Here's my deal -- Don't waste my time. What do you want me for anyway? You don't even know me. Gee thanks. Now I don't have to find that bridge to jump off. Oooh. Sassy. What do you care who feels me up, Jake? Unless it kinda gotcha going. Did it, Jake? Getcha going? Says who? Sorry about your wallet, but if you think I'm going to suck dick over thirty seven dollars, a maxed out Visa and a bad fake I.D., you're fucking crazy. Jake. That's not -- What is this? You guys cops or something?You guys awake? Let's just say he burned me once. Did he buy it? Look, I'm not a confrontational person by nature. I want him for something big and to do that, we have to catch him in the act. Preliminary forensics suggests he was sitting there, bloated and purple in his egg foo young for at least seventy two hours. Alfonse was not a small man and there was a lot of food ordered, so you can imagine the smell. Bad for the neighbors, good for me because in all the time I've been looking for Jake, this is only the second time I've even gotten a whiff of him. You are Officer Richard Rottovich. And this would be Officer Walter Sobozinski. I'm looking for Jake Vig. He's headed towards the eastern most exit. Do not, under any circumstances approach. I want to follow this all the way down to Vig. You guy's are not working with me here. I just got off the phone with my boss. After he got done ripping me a new Lincoln Tunnel size asshole, he let me know exactly how little I'm welcome back if we come up short. And now here you guys are, WASTING MY FUCKING TIME! Good... I gotta go. So, what do you have for me? Literally. It's not a bad deal, gentleman. I get peace of mind. You get Detective Sheilds. But this is the best part, Walter... Walter, your daughter will get to keep her braces and have that winning smile. Capice? Not everyone's on the take, Walter. Peace of mind. You help me catch him. Whatever he's into next, I want you to be into. And what you're into, I'm into. If it all goes well, those two guys from IAD will never have to hear this tape. I'll clear you guys of anything you've ever done with Vig under the guise of some cross- departmental investigation. This prick's been on the wish list for so long, you'll probably get gold shields out of it. Do you want to know the first time I had a line on Vig? He sent me a birthday card. Belated, but it's the thought, right? Oh, this prick's got a sense of humor. But, then again you guys probably know him better than I do. In fact, I've only met the guy once. But now, now I have you. The next best thing. His partners. His "Fix." I've been looking for this Jake Vig for some time now. Problem is, the guy's the invisible man. A spook, a spectre, a ghost. Then, like a gift, Jake's good buddy and member of his crew, Alfonse Moorely, is found the other day with a hole in his head.I'm sorry. I'm sorry. With identification. That's no problem. We have those in stock. What was it? I'm sorry. Nothing under Pearson. Do you have a ticket?Please don't kill us, please don't kill us. Yeah, it won't take long and besides you sassy poodle girls will slow us down. Things like that get a lot bloodier than ya think. Oh, I know. I'll show you where it's at, sweetie. Aren't you just so cute all bundled up like a cinnamon roll of Christmas love. I know I hate Swiss cheese, the holes make me nervous. Any cone, yeah... I hate that word... sounds ugly, I don't like crumple either. Cone. Maybe, maybe, maybe... hey, you know what word I hate? Yeah, it's a tree. I used to play there all the time. But, you can't find it without me. Outsider can't find no deadwood. Yeah, I know where that is, it's right by my house. It's Dr. Satan's tree. I can show ya. Yeah, icky. This one guy stops and I look in and he's got his thing out waving it around like a drunk monkey. Yeah, most people just whiz on by like I was invisible or something... or else they're creeps who wanna jam their slimy hands down my pants and twiddle my naughty-naughty. Whoa, thanks for stopping. I been standing out there in that toad strangling rain for like a hundred million years. Take his gag out, it's more fun with the screaming. Who's your Daddy! Oh, he's coming, he got something real special this year. Drink up, it's party time. Come on, ma... this bitch's got it coming. I'll cut your fucking tits off and shove 'em down your throat. Ma, Tiny's in. Oh, he was already gone before I seen him... but Tiny saw him and said he said he was going out to the yard to get a new wheel. Tiny's home. Whoopie fucking doo. OK, sorry... maybe the Great Pumpkin ate 'em up. Oh. Maybe R.J. got into a crash and killed everbody? Don't worry, sugar. It ain't past my bedtime... are you flirting with me? Ain't the only thing tasty in this house. A dead one. You're welcome. You sure do a lot of guessing. No. There's a bunch a us 'round somewhere... I think Mamma's sleepin'. She sleeps a lot, now... do you want marshmallows? Yeah, come on. Oh... yeah, he already left. We'll wait inside, come on. Aw, you ain't seen nothing yet. The door's locked. I'll gotta go around... wait here. Almost there... are you in a hurry or something? Come on. OK. If you keep going straight you can get back on the interstate... it's easier. Go straight up about another mile... til we hit Cherrypicker Road and turn right... it ain't far from there. Oh yeah, the tree. Couple more miles up this road. Aw, I was going home to my Mamma's house... yeah, I was out doing this thing. Yeah, I'll do something. You shouldn't a done that. He walks, duh. I just pictured the tire sitting in a chair watching TV. I was just wondering, cause you got a pissy look about you... like a real pussy licking bitch. You know... a couple of queers. Are you two gals all funny with each other? I was just wondering. I'd like to see that. No! He's one of God's creatures, he can't help it if he's dumb... I'm just crazy about animals. What's this? Come on, bro. Let's go. Keep the change and get yourself a new name. Great story Goober, how much? I'll bet you do... how much we owe ya... ...Goober? Yeah, well we like to get fucked up and do fucked up shit, you know what I mean? Now, what makes you think that?Lock the fucking doors. I suppose. I mean they're obviously all bonkers, but I guess they're harmless. Shit, I'm all for being a sport, but this is ridiculous. That food... ugh, I feel like I'm gonna puke. Yeah, showtime for what? I mean obviously we will compensate you for your troubles. Turn that fucking radio off! Honk at him. Scare him. Here he comes. What happened? Oh, I'm sorry, it's none of my business. Oh. You sure you don't need any help in there? How's he get around out here? How long is that gonna take? Yeah, I guess I'll just help him hand out candy to the trick or treaters. No, he's just joking. We don't really have any plans other than spending the night at my Dad's house... ...which is where we were headed when our car broke down. Huh? Oh, hi. You really don't have a phone? Help, help us. That's not me. I didn't... I'm not doing that. I can't... I can't move my arms. I hurt so much. We've got get out of here, we got get out of here. You gotta be kidding me. This chick is wasted. This isn't funny, it's twisted. What are you laughing at? Shhhhhh. Really, now is not the time to make waves. Thank you. Thanks for coming to get us. Little brother almost scared us to death. When you were outside with Bill. Yeah, Jerry, she said some pretty fucked shit to us. You know what Jerry, who really cares at this point? So what? Yeah? Why? So. Yeah, so how does that fit with the story of four morons with a flat tire looking for a dead tree? Oh, yeah. Fuck, it's freezing. That seems likely. Ugh, what's that smell? Oh yeah, murder museum... sounds fun. I don't want to see that. Tickets for what? Huh? Hopefully I can move things along here and make up the lost time by speeding all the way home... yes, Dad I'm kidding. Yeah, well he's still here. I think him and Jerry are fast becoming buddies, you know Jerry... yeah, he's gotta see everything... yeah, I know... thinks there's some unsolved mystery around every corner. No, nothing like that... yeah, we're gonna be a little late. We stopped for gas at this place called Capt. Spaulding's outside of Ruggsville and it turned into a whole thing, so we're kind of behind schedule. Don't be such a fucking smart ass. Can't Tiny drive us to a phone? Excuse me, may I please use your phone? Jesus Christ. Turn on the headlights. See if anything is out there. Shhhhhh, quiet. What? I didn't hear anything. I don't know... about half an hour. Yeah, she said we looked queer. I can't believe... You got to be fucking joking. Stick her in the front, if you want to pick her up so bad. She's soaked. Aw Christ, Jerry. We can't see anything now, it's too dark. Let's forget it. Never. I swear to God he never sleeps, he goes to bed after me, wakes up before me. He's always working on 10. Scattered, smothered and covered. A decent meal every once in a while wouldn't hurt either, this road food is crap. Yeah, I hit burn out mode back at that old stripper lady's place. Watching her dance around with those ratty-looking animals was ridiculous. God, I hate falling asleep in the afternoon. Now I'll be up all night... ...ugh, my back is killing me. I swear I've aged five years since this trip started. Aw, it ain't crap... it's... cute. ...and really who are we to judge the artistic merit of the tin-can Mona Lisa? Too late. You're in for life, let's move it out Private Shutterbug. Let's go. You're the one who wanted to be a photographer. Rise and shine. Come on sleeping beauty, time to go to work.Why? You gonna do something about it? Take that, you fucking slut! Fucking redneck whore! Fucking great. Oh, wonderful. Fucking psycho. What the hell are you laughing about? Do you believe this fucking girl? What? Wondering what? Can I help you with something? Nice. The animals have got nothing to do with it. Drive through it! What are you doing! Oh, I'm sorry, bothering you? Was I disturbing your viewing pleasure? How much is a person supposed to stand? This is starting to make me real uncomfortable. Check this out. I hope to Christ she doesn't expect us to wear these things. Screw that, no way, I ain't letting you go by yourself. What! What? Let's get going before that thing tries to eat the car or something. Then run him over, he'll move. Go around him. Why are we stopping? Sounds like a magical trip through the heartland. She looks like a freak. Should we stop? Well, don't even think about playing the good samaritan, there's way too many psychos wandering loose these days. Alright, alright. I know... I wanted to be the photographer. Yeah, it's really your fault that we're stuck in this shithole in the first place. A couple hours! Bill, why don't you ask her... she's your special friend. I think I'm gonna have a fucking heart attack. I still don't. I don't hear anything. Wait... quiet. Turn off the radio. What was that? How long has it been? She said we look like pussy lickers or some shit like that. I think I'm going fucking crazy. God damn it, I knew this witch-hunt was fucking bullshit. Don't even say it. She looks like she stinks. Let's just skip it. It is probably nothing anyway. Maybe he's a cyborg. Geez, he never gets tired does he. Exactly... well, I guess a couple more photos won't kill me. If I never eat at another Waffle House again, I can die a happy girl. I know, that was some crazy shit. I never in a million years would have believed it if I hadn't seen it. It will be nice to have a few days off to regenerate. This trip is fun, but it's starting to get brutal. Yeah, hey how far do you think we are from your Dad's? Tell me about it. Aw, shit... I gotta pee anyway. Christ, I hope this isn't more crappy folk art. It's so quaint... it's so primal... it's so crap. I resign. No please, let me sit this one out. Sleeping. I'm with Denise, can't we just walk to someplace, this is getting fucking stupid. I know the words... fucking psycho fucking bullshit, that's the words. Enough with the stupid voices. What! You didn't see the look she threw me. She's up to something. That stupid hillbilly slut. God damn it, I must be fucking crazy to let him go off with that crazy fucking bitch. You said it, not me. Just back up. Huh? Aw, come on Jerry. We've gotten all we're gonna get out of this place and its starting to rain. Don't worry, I'm gone. Sorry. No, just a little too old. What are you doing? ...no, stop... please, please. Fuck you, you fucking freak! This can't be real, this can't be real, this can't be real. Where is he? Where's Bill? Why? Why are you doing this?Yeah, I like the screaming too... it's so much more exciting. Who's your Daddy! Enjoy your last night... ...where's Otis? No, I told you... Baby! Stop! Go tell him to get your Grandpa. What about R.J.? He tried to burn the house down, said it was possessed by the spirits. Tiny was sleeping in the basement where the fire started. I don't think Earl ever meant to harm us... but Tiny was badly burnt, his ears were destroyed and most of his skin. Yeah, my poor baby. It's his Daddy's fault. I mean Earl was a good man... I mean he never hit me or nothing, but one day he just got up and went pure devil on us all. You'll have to forgive Tiny, he can't hear so much. No dear, I'm fine. Now what kind of host would I be if I put my guests to this kind of work. Tiny ain't got no car, he ain't even got a bicycle. He should be back in a couple hours. That's nice. No, none. I had one once, back in '57 maybe... I don't know. Really ain't nobody we wanna be jaw flapping at around here no more. Aw, honey you know I can't do that. Bye sweety, we could of been great together. No, no, no it's so much more special than that... you'll see, you'll be the first to ever see. I think this is something you'll really love. For the show. It's Halloween eve and time for our show. Firefly. Maybe. He's a real lady killer. I'll bet you are... you are a naughty little thing aren't ya. Oh, really... ...well, I'm a pretty good dancer if you know what I mean... I bet I got a few moves you ain't never seen. So, what brings you kids way out here, ain't you got something better to do for Halloween than wander around out here in the sticks? What do they call you, sweety? His name is Rufus, Rufus Jr., but we all call him R.J. I suggest you kids leave now. Well, even though I know it seems childish to you all. Tonight is Halloween eve and it special to us so you are all invited to stay for dinner. I know you're my guests and welcome but I'd please advise you to keep from cussing while in my house, thank you. Oh really, well I hope something changes your mind some day. Oh, I get it... I guess you think you're too good for the simple pleasures of Halloween. No, I can't say that I ever seen 'em before... ...he looks familiar, is he on TV? Oh, you are very welcome... Lord knows how I love a man in uniform. Oh, alright... I guess I can trust you... being a man of the law and all. I um... no, I don't think so... Well, I... mmmmm... no, I ain't seen her, sorry. Questions? Well, heck, I'll tell you anything you want to know. Aw, you ain't disturbing me, but it kind of looks like rain, don't ya think? Well hello, officer. That's true, Otis... not that we're having a bad time, but... Wait, I want to say good-bye. Who's your Daddy! What should I do? I don't know. I only saw one. Otis! Otis! Come quick, there's cops outside. Grampa... watch the language.Enough talk, write. How's about you give me those same directions. Is that all... think real hard. And... What'd you see, who was she with, where were they going? Come on, get with the facts. You seen this girl? Say... within the last 24 hours. What I need are some answers. Yep, I found something. God damn. Yep, I suppose it is. Just in the wrong place at the wrong time. Not yet. Yeah, no mercy here. A vehicle registered to a William S. Hudley. Think... do any of these kids look familiar in any way? Thank you. Please, just a minute. Please, could I please come in and talk to you for a minute? Maybe you could take a better look at the picture... might stir up something. I appreciate your cooperation. I'm looking for a missing girl... ...this girl here, Denise Willis... have you seen her? My name is Lt. Wydell, I'd like to ask you a few questions. Excuse me, I'm sorry for disturbing you this fine afternoon. I'm sure there's a logical explanation. Her part in this I can't figure... but I will. Oh, yeah, you know about that? Hmmm, that's a strange one. Well, all we know is the kids were headed out to a spot the locals call Deadwood to play Nancy Drew with some local legend about this character everybody calls Dr. Satan. Well, we were on our way out to run a check on a couple farmhouses out on the edge of town... closest thing we got to a lead at this point. I'm Wydell... this is Naish. Mr. Willis? Over. Excuse me for a second. I'm gonna see if anybody's home. You and Mr. Willis take a look around the grounds for any sign of anything. Let's hit the road, sooner we get a move on sooner we'll find her. Anyway, there's not much else out that way... so, I figure maybe there's a chance the kids broke down and found their way over to one of the farms. That must be him. Yeah, well I guess it's tough to sit on the sidelines and wait when your own kid's missing... besides, ain't no such thing as an ex-cop. Chief said pick him up and take him with us on our house to house. Guy's an ex-cop, thinks he can help. Call the chief... We found 'em. Aw, fuck. I always favored the Hulk. How old do you think I am? I know who the fuck Spider-man is. Get to your point. Yeah... ...huh, what the hell are you talking about? I hope you're right, but my guts are telling me different. Well, let's go see if the nut that runs this place can help us.They hate each other -- He -- Well, I wouldn't say --We'd better go before we get thrown out. They say the Massey pre-nup has never been penetrated. Therefore in an effort to remove any trace of suspicion from my sweet Howard -- I wish to execute a pre- nuptial agreement. As you are well aware, my previous marriage ended with an unjustified strain on my reputation My motives were questioned. I was slandered in court. Howard! -- we realized we'd always been very attracted to one another. Honey, I don't think this is really relevant to... Sixteen years? Howard Jr. is fourteen and Mandy must be what -- twelve? Miles, I know you're busy and that you charge by the hour so I'll come to the point. Howard and I are planning to marry. Miles, how nice of you to see us -- may I introduce Howard D. Doyle of Doyle Oil. Well, actually, all whores worship the dollar, if you want to get technical. Oh Joe, be happy for us. I'll pay you the twenty thousand. I'm sorry. That was unkind and -- but, we changed our minds. Did you really mean what you said on the phone. It wasn't because you found out about Rex? Triple! Is this Mr. Dumbarton? Whoever sent you, I'll pay double. I'll be right back. Yeah. I guess. You know -- Well. He said to "make the house mine." I think Ming is older than Tong. What is this? I said yes. It's about time. In the Godfather, after the courtroom scene, Frankie Pentangeli opens his veins in the bathtub. Maybe she wanted a free trip to LA. Maybe they offered her money. Massey is very seductive. Who knows. It was like that scene in The Godfather. Frankie Pentangeli is called to testify against the Family. And he's in court, and he looks into the spectators gallery, and sees his Brother. They brought the brother from Sicily. And Frankie can't say a word. He can't testify. That's what it was like seeing Pat in there. I couldn't even have Ruth cross examine her. I can't have a baby with a man I don't love... And I can't submit a child to divorce. No. Ruth Rabino. Sweet. Fine. They were created during a dictatorship. What if something happened to you? What would I tell little Gus when he asked "what was my daddy like?" I don't see how we can ever find our way back from... Murder? Forgery? Fraud? Your forgetting Rex Rexroth? Yes. I know. It's exactly how I felt when I realized you'd hired the goon to kill... It's not something I wanted either. Hello Miles. I'm not leaving you. I took self defense That's true. Wait just a second there. You sent him here. You unearthed this pestilence. Now. But first, he worked for you. It's okay Joe. It's a no go, Joe. You do? You do love me? I fell in love Miles. Just listen to me. I'm sorry, Miles. It's true that my initial intention was to... I will, Miles. I will leave. But Miles -- Miles? Miles! Where have you been? I've been trying to get in touch. Hello? That's marriage. Drop the bogus forgery charge and I'll forget about your generous friends slash clients. I believe the residence will be part of the settlement. I know. So am I, right? And so is Agent Wilson of the Internal Revenue Service. He's a dedicated, underpaid graduate of Southwestern University -- very tenacious, and never more so than when he's dealing with an unscrupulous colleague. I think it's only fair to warn you: I'm going to file an action, Miles. And after a decent interval I plan to have Ruth seek an injunction that will forbid your approach within 500 feet of my house. I don't have to. That's what the IRS guys do. And they do it with great zeal. See, they work at these tortuous civil service jobs, and when five hundred dollar an hour boys like you take their trade out in luxury goodies, these saps feel.. well, they feel like saps. And they feel bitter and they feel vengeful and they feel WRATH. What is this? A Romeo and Julieta? Salary. Unreported income. By the way, what time IS it on Bellagio Road? Arty Farty stuff. Lithographs and pre Castro Cubans. Watches and mileage on private jets. Stuff, Miles. Stuff you get from grateful clients. STUFF. Got a light? I'm not talking about dollars, studmuffin. I'm talking about -- I'm reporting you to the IRS. I want to nail you ass. Comfy! On the contrary. We're married and we have no pre-nup, so a case could be made that everything in here is mine. I'd just like to pick up a few of my things May I come in? Miles? You're scaring me. Miles. I have a very good relationship with all the salesmen. I can return everything. What's wrong Miles? Did I spend too much? You don't like me? I have a surprise for you. Hi. Miles. Fabric and fringe. Well, I suppose I could "girly" it up for you with a little Fortuny, and some passementerie -- Hardly. You have six bedrooms Honey, I could sit... I'm sorry. I'm squishing you. I'll move to the... I want this to be a marriage based on love, trust and community property. That's all I've ever wanted. Oh Miles! Wasn't she the Judge at my divorce hearing? I know. Yes. Again. Do you want to sleep on it? Do you want me to sleep on it? Yes, Miles. I accept. Yes. Did you just propose to me? Huh? What is it Miles? I'm a little embarrassed. I'm not used to losing control with such -- volume. Friends? Thank you for the coffee. It's very robust. I'm sorry Miles. You shouldn't listen to me. I'm sure you have a very fulfilling life. I'd better go. I'm depressing. We are, Miles. You know I'm right. There's something "off" about you and me Miles. And maybe it isn't because of these women -- maybe they were just extremely insightful and recognized our "deficiencies" very early on. Maybe... We're damaged goods. Oh right. You met Patricia. And here I thought my mother was... Boy. Boy, oh boy. She held that against you? She didn't love you? And your mother was very beautiful. She must be proud of you. You look like you were a very sensitive child. You have expressive eyes. Oh. And that is -- mom? Is that you? No kidding. I'll bet you have some very grateful clients. What'd Rex buy you? From a -- girlfriend. You have wonderful art. I love that lithograph. Hockney? You have a very nice home, Miles. Very inviting. Okay Miles. Okay. Should I stop at Starbucks and pick up a blended for -- I'm on Sunset. Near the Beverly Hills hotel. Wanna meet me for a drink in the Polo...? A little. You get out of the car. That's right, Fuctard. I'm talkin' to you! Screw you, asswipe! I don't blame them for betraying me. I don't blame Rex, or Howard or my father. You see, Miles, I'm going to tell you something about me. Something you may or may not know. I suck! You're right about me. I am worthless. I am nothing. I don't deserve to live. Miles? You really think I engineered the whole thing. You think the marriage and the divorce was part of some scheme. You came here to celebrate because you think I'm without morality or soul. You -- sound like my mother. Did you invite me here to score some cheap laughs. I don't feel victorious Miles. I feel betrayed, abandoned and humiliated. I have pictures of him with another woman... It has bones. Be sure to swallow one. Have you tried the duck? It was his idea. It was a gesture of love and trust. Be happy for me, Miles. Miles. Miles. Miles. Howard is a beautiful person. So I hear. Is that all? We told you. We realized we've always been in love. No. You listen to me. You busted me, Miles. You left me with nothing! What did you expect me to do? Get a degree in counseling? Write a book about table linen? Because that's what wives do when they get dumped, and frankly, I'm not quite ready for that. All girls enjoy a little rough trade from time to time. He's passionate. Getting married. Absolutely. That is true, isn't it Miles? Your pre-nup is the best there is? He'll regret this. Yes. Why is that so difficult for you to understand? Yes. I loved my husband, Rex. Well, don't look at mine! What is it you're after, Miles? See the tape. Then we can discuss reconciliation. Rex screwed up and I nailed his ass. Now I'm going to have it mounted and have my girlfriends over to throw darts at it. Then I'm getting on with my life. That's all I'm after. All right, Miles. Let me tell you everything you THINK you know. I was married to Rex for a long time. I was an excellent wife, a partner, a lover, a hostess and a friend. There was only one thing I did wrong during the five years we were together. I got five years older. Think he should be able to ditch me for that? You just haven't met the right person. You don't believe in it. Have you ever been married, Miles? You didn't ask me here to pick me up. You could get in trouble for that. I know you do. I told you. I was hungry. How do you know? Ruth says you've been too successful, that you're bored, complacent, and you're on your way down. Tell me Mr. Massey. What was your performance about this afternoon? See the tape. Then we can discuss my heart. Did you see the tape? "Dismiss your vows, your feigned tears, your flattery, for where a heart is hard, they make no battery." I assume this is on Rex? These are yours. Positano is beautiful. Remember when we were there, Rex? We stayed in the Santo Pietro? That hotel on the cliff? And you must be Mr. Massey. Have you been taking your digestive enzymes? Do you need a Tagamet? Are you alright? You lost weight. Hello, Rex. Rex. Go away. I don't want to have to sic the dogs on you. Are you forgetting about the Atcheson, Topeka and the Santa Fe? We are. And it's winding down. Rex. Get away from the door. So. Now what? He never even asked. He just assumed -- Do you think he set me up? Do you think that was his intention? He told me to -- he said he wanted me to -- Forgery and Fraud? Please! Jesus. I was devastated. Of course. I'm sorry. Where were we? I guess. He has no cynicism or anger. For once I'm not the repository of rage at some other woman. Miles is different. He's still so idealistic. Yes, yes, it's just -- you know I've never been the first wife. Rex was married before me. He's not what I expected. He's very -- he's so -- happy. Right. I can't do this anymore. Let's get some lunch. Is this Ming? I want to be exposed. Sarah Sorkin. Ramona Barcelona -- this is Miles Massey. No. I'll see some blood before this is over, but it won't be mine. Probably. Every woman in my life was divorced at least twice. What was I supposed to say. Anthropologist? Nothing specific, but I'll have my own place soon. They bought her speech. If I was only in it for Rex's money, he shouldn't have to give me any. Get this! He called and invited me to dinner. Well, if he continues to maintain this position -- we're in court. Anyway, even Rex seemed perplexed by his intransigence. If I didn't know better, I'd swear Massey had some personal investment in my ruination. Every week -- Lilly's up. I don't know. Ruth kept her cool, but I could tell she was surprised. I don't know what his game is. He dismissed every one of Ruth's proposals. And Sarah, we weren't unreasonable. Please. I'm not seeing anyone until this is over. One husband at a time. Maybe. Who's she? Do you know him? Miles Massey. In the words of my Private Investigator, we're going to nail his ass. She did a Harriman. I didn't know Barry had a beach house.Well, not just divorce. She used to say "I want to be divorced from some big dumb rich guy..." And I guess her dream is coming true. I'm happy for you Patty When she was a tiny girl? And people asked her what she wanted to be when she grew up? She never said the usual things little girls say -- like -- nurse -- ballerina -- anchorwoman? She always said -- "When I grow up, I want to be divorced." Oh. That's her name. Patricia. Like mine. I was Pat and she was Patty. But she changed it after seeing "Some Like It Hot." To Marylin. After Marylin Monroe. Let me tell you something about Patty. Of course. Of course she was married. What else would she be? Single? I don't think so. No. Uh uh. I don't think so. Hmm? No. Well... no. No. I haven't. But I've been out of town. Hello, Rex. Hello there. Hi, Sweetie. Mother? We don't have much of a relationship anymore. I haven't seen her since before she married Rex. We had some very nice times prior to that. We were quite close.It sounded like a bell. Oh boy. If he only knew. Is Tong older than Ming? You said 'yes' didn't you? You're vulnerable. I begged you to have a baby! Maybe they put a horse head in her bed? Why do you think she did it? You like kids. You should have tried to get pregnant Marylin -- solidify your position. So who'd you hire? That doesn't make sense. It's like punishing you for being goal oriented. And only two are hers. Thorstenson Gieselensen. He just separated from his third. He's in fish. He is fish. Maybe next time. George was so impressed he hired him when he divorced his second. Three is not Farrow. I've been trying to nail George's for years, but he's very careful. I'll just keep having children. I think I'm pregnant, by the way.Objection, Your Honor. This isn't about Mrs. Rexroth's filial obligations. We rest, Your Honor. Uh... poetry recitation. Objection, your honor! Now? Well, Marylin, now you cut a deal or find out how Jean Harris made it work for her. He was right, wasn't he? Like I know his intention? Or yours for that matter? I should join Sam. I'm too old for this bullshit. Quite a little shopping spree. How do you spend six figures in less than six hours? Oh, never mind I've seen it before. I've seen everything. You used his credit card. Is this a lover? Who's that? Thank you, Mrs. Rexroth. We were about to request the primary residence, and thirty percent of the remaining assets. We've outlined a settlement... That's attorney client privilege. Sorry, Miles. But as a great and clever man once said, What's good for the goose -- Don't threaten me, Miles. I did nothing illegal. And it's good! ...The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars... She's YOUR wife. Why don't you ask her? Anyway, I assume she signed the highly over rated Massey pre-nup. I have no idea what Howard Doyle eats. I'm not a damn dietician. Marylin was friends with Howard and Amanda Doyle. They don't like the way you operate. They helped her. ...arty farty! Kirshner does not apply. Kirshner was in Kentucky. Yes. Maybe you're right, Miles. Maybe we're being too conservative. Seventy five percent. Oh brother. Here we go. My client is prepared to settle for fifty percent of the marital assets. Ha Ha. My client feels sufficiently dispassionate. That's delusional. My client has ruled that out. So, Miles. If you have a proposal, let's hear it. Oh, just a routine mammogram. She said to say hello. She's going to Positano with your brother's family. Sam is Sam. He's taking up fly fishing. He's in a yert in Montana.Soon, you'll have your own rage! Well, that's about to change big time. So what? But you're going through with it? What? What about rugs? I thought we were stopping at Mansour? It's not Ming. It's Tong. But Marylin, without this, you're completely exposed. Hello Miles. You're not... So, Marylin. Is that what you said when you were a little girl? That stinks. They left you with absolutely nothing. It makes you wonder about the entire legal system. Like Rodney King. Shit. So where are you now? I'm dying. Oh, God! He has a reputation for being tough. Well what does he want? I wish I had your discipline. We do have a man for you. Now? She's a night manager at McDonalds. By reputation. He got Ann Rumsey that cute little island of George's. Of Massey Myerson? Wow. She's a legend. Didn't she do Kravis or a Pearlman? She definitely did a Factor. Neither did I until my lawyer found it -- quite a paper trail -- he had it in the dog's name. You want to come out to the beach house tomorrow? Well, you can live here as long as you want. Do you have any plans? She's keeping his name. And one of his planes. And all seven of his children It's not so bad these days. Kids like joint custody. Two sets of toys. Muriel Rumsey. Who's Rex's guy? Ramona! Don't get Mia Farrow on us.He tricked you. With a phony wife and a fake pre-nup. Howard Doyle. He got you. You married Marylin, didn't you? You thought she had money. HA HA HA. Howard Doyle made you think that because of what you did to me. And to Marylin Rexroth. Yeah. I heard all about it. My brother Howard Doyle got you. Neener neener neener. You ruined my life you sonofabitch. Gimme those. You're Miles Massey! You probably don't recognize me. The drugs made me put on weight and grow facial hair. Wait. I know you. He would invite these girls home from the staple factory to our condominium in Palm Springs. He had a device he called the Intruder.How about some steak sauce? Ray, my man, this steak is like butter! You got your own nightclub? Grandma Dodi's Pork Rib Joint. At least he didn't kill Santa Claus with his bare hands. Those are for trusties, unless you got thirty cents or two packs of cigs. Creamed chip beef on toast. Except we're outta beef, so I had to improvise.Sure, Claude, whatever you say. Listen, Claude, Maynard wanted to know if he should file the appeal on behalf of your friend, too. He seemed like a pretty good lawyer to me. His offices take up an entire floor of that big, new building on 125th Street, and he was using all these words I never heard before. He even offered me a job. Of course I did. He said he'd file an appeal right away. You didn't tell me he was so good looking. But I'm having a good time... That's what respectable folks do. Get a job, get married, start having babies. That's what you want, isn't it? I was hoping you were gonna say an engagement ring, Claude. Claude. Here's to your new job down at the bank. I always knew you'd make something of yourself.A night in the hole? Nigger. Nagger?I gave you life. And they can't take it away from you. Remember that. You'll get outta here someday. I believe that. You gotta believe it, too. Don't say that, Rayford. Don't ever say that. He gave up hope. That's where you gotta be different. Don't argue with me. You need it more than I do. I know how a little money can help in a place like this. Don't you lie to me, Rayford. You still have your daddy's watch? Well, this is all I can give you. I wish it was more. Rayford, I wanted so much more for you than this. I heard some things so I went to see Spanky Johnson. He told me what happened and gave me some money to get down here. What happened to your face? Rayford!You can't go in there, Ray! You'll never make it! Wait for the firemen! Stay calm, Ray. We'll find him. Claude! Has anyone seen Claude? Is everyone here?Why would you want to go home? It's so early. You're cute. You have any money, Claude? He looks like he can take care of himself. Well, Mr. "C", how about buying a girl a drink? Two bourbons. Can't you remember your own name? I'm Sylvia. What's your name? I've never seen you in here before.Want me to come back some other time? You know, go to the tonk or whatever. I know she's sorry she won't be seeing you anymore. Anyway, she wanted me to take care of you. She always said that if you were on the outside... Real nice guy, too. Trumpet player. They moved down to New Orleans. She got married last month. Oh, she's fine. She's just not coming today. My name's Yvette. Sylvia sent me. You look just like she said.Aye, aye, sir! How does he do that? I will. That boat is my livelihood! My dory. The Jolly Mon. Where is it? You stole my boat.Will -- you can't trust him. The curse drove you to gather this? It's a pirate medallion. Then why aren't you eating? Dare I ask the fate of it previous owner? Can I trust you? Of course. I didn't steal it, if that's what you mean. Thank you, sir. Elizabeth -- Turner. I'm a maid in the governor's household. Because it's what you're searching for. You've been searching for it for years. I recognize this ship. I saw it eight years ago, when we made the crossing from England. I'll drop it! Very well. I want you to leave. And never come back. Captain Barbossa ... I have come to negotiate the cessation of hostilities against Port Royal. Well, I am not going to stay hidden in some cabin, or I suppose it's going to be heaving bosoms and bare for the remainder of the voyage! Then I can wear men's clothing. What? Not as a condition -- a request. Commodore, I beg you -- please do this ... for me. As a wedding gift. Commodore, please! No. The pirates have taken Will -- He can locate Isla de Muerta -- but I doubt he'll be willing to help us from the brig. Commodore, you can't do that! Yes, I'm all right, I'm fine! Go capture him. Commodore, I must protest. Pirate or not, this man saved my life. I can't breathe. His name is Will Turner -- that's all I found out. Boy overboard! I think it would be rather exciting to meet a pirate. About the day we met. Do you remember? Women in London must have learned to not breathe. Difficult ... to say. I knew it. Ceremony? It's -- beautiful. May I inquire as to the occasion? Yes -- yes. Yes, father. Actually, I find it all fascinating. Tell the captain that I am disinclined to acquiesce to his request. If an adversary demands parlay, you can do them no harm until the parlay is complete. Parlay! I invoke the right of parlay! According to the Code of the Brethern, set down by the pirates Morgan and Bartholomew, you must take me to your Captain! It doesn't! There. And don't you dare tell me that wasn't a proper kiss! I guess you can never truly know someone else's heart. -- then we never would have met. To keep it away from them? No pirate would sail to London, for fear of Execution Dock. Truthfully -- you were a bit late. Will, how many times must I ask you to call me 'Elizabeth'? What's your plan? These men will be facing an enemy that seemingly cannot be killed. He might delay the rescue ... and that would be too late. You didn't tell Commodore Norrington everything. Exactly. That signal is over a thousand feet high, which means it can be seen for two hundred leagues in every direction. The entire Royal Navy is out to sea looking for me -- do you think there is even a chance they could miss it? One, because it is a vile drink that turns even the most respectable men into scoundrels. Two -- Yes, the rum is gone. To freedom. Mr. Sparrow! I'm not sure I've had enough rum to allow that kind of talk. Jack, it must be so terrible for you, to be trapped here on this island, all over again. You'll be positively the most fearsome pirates to sail the Spanish Main. Well, perhaps ... with a bit more to drink, I might ... That was before I met one, of course. Oh, no ... it's silly. Back in England we didn't know a thing about pirates, really. They seemed so romantic and daring -- Nothing ... it's nothing. Just ... I'm reminded of a song I learned as a child. A song about pirates. Drink up me hearties, yo ho ... Not when you can drink instead, at least. A month? Will doesn't have a month! We've got to do something to help him! So that's it? That's the secret grand adventure of the infamous Jack Sparrow? You spent three days on the beach drinking rum? But ... you did it before! Last time -- What? What's wrong? How will this help us get off the island? Captain Sparrow! We have to get off this island -- immediately! Has it changed since the last time you were here? Come on! You're in league with Barbossa! You?! You are despicable. Miss Swann.Sir! Shall I break out the cannons? All the men in place, sir. Ready to fire. Hands! Come about! Jackets off the cannons! We are to fire on our own ship? The wind is quarter from astern ... by the time we're underway, we'll never catch them. Agreed. You have the momentary advantage, sir. But I will see you smile from the yard arm, sir. Sir, I'll not see any of my men killed or wounded in this foolish enterprise. You understand this ship cannot be crewed by only two men. You'll never make it out of the bay.Then we just have to make sure everyone who knows can't say anything. I thought you wanted Zammito? They're supposed to be evidence. That's why Bastaldi set this up. Listen, we know their names. They don't know the city. You'll find them. You're the FBI. Zero. That's all I know. Black market art. Zammito got to a few key security guards at the Metropolitan Museum. The Bastaldi's supplied the artists to make copies of famous works. They'd switch the paintings, send the originals to Paris and the Bastaldi's would sell them to private collectors. Laurant and Vincent were in business with Zammito. I don't know. I know they won't be home tonight. No. 145 Ridgeroad Way. Yes. No, I didn't. You can use my car. There's an exterior alarm system. There's also another one in the hall that leads to the bedroom with a motion detector. The control panel is in the bedroom. They don't have a wine list. Vincent Bastaldi is in jail. Stick around and find out. After last night I could say the same for you. Sounds boring. What are you doing? I'm sorry things went so wrong today. Can't sleep? The lucky ones. I've been thinking about getting tattoo. You know, a flower or something. On my ass. Sorry. I didn't mean to pry. You got it in a bar? That's how you get to know someone. Did it hurt when you got it? It looks old. Did you get it a long time ago? Did she break your heart? Casandra. Old girlfriend? They're not nice people. The art world doesn't fully appreciate my talent yet. I needed some way to pay the rent. Laurant and Vincent pay well for information. So, how did you get hooked up with these guys? It belongs to Vincent Bastaldi. He left it last time he was here. I'm sure he wouldn't mind if you used it. You like shoes? Take a nap. Tonight. I wasn't expecting this many of you. I've got a few sleeping bags you can use.Yeah -- you do that. You told me that on the phone. What the hell are you doing here? Showing off your communication skills? Go back to your people and tell them when they're serious to put a number on the table. Why are you here? Okay. How much? Then why not just fuckin' say better than expected? Everybody knows what better than expected means. -- Super what? Okay. I understand you're interested in one of our properties? You sure? I just got a shipment of espresso from Sicily. Special blend. Can't find anything like it in the States. Can I offer you something. A drink? Coffee? When you return please extend my regards to Mr. Maranzano and his family. Good. I'm good. Some cash. Jewelry. The other stuff I can replace, but there's a cardboard box... photos of my mother. They're the only ones I have of her. Yes. You have enough to worry about, Angelo. You don't need my problems. Angelo, we live and die by the rules we make. We are men of honor, but honor without respect is a... horse-less carriage. I did. Joey "Two Tons" and Nicky "The Rake" did the deed. He missed three weeks. You know, I'm kind of tired. I'm just gonna go home if it's all the same to you. Uh, no -- Someone else coming? Supernumerary. It means better than expected. I heard this quarter his profits are gonna be supernumerary. He sticks his toes in the water again, we'll cut 'em off. And nothing. He's just feeling us out. Yeah. Seems Maranzano wants to talk about buying the Merchant Street warehouse. No, I'm good, Angelo. Great fuckin' song. Can you believe that guy? What a moron. Oh, I'm sorry. Just find them! If I knew where they were you wouldn't have to find them, would you? You know why I'm handling it very well? Because you're going to get these guys for me. Well, you know, when five guys break into my house in the middle of the night, stick guns in my face, tie me up and steal from me... it does irritate me. Everything. Everything. Yeah, French guys from France. They were all French guys. Send some flowers. Something nice. Roses or carnations. And one of those get well soon cards. That's right. I said don't do it. Did you listen to me? No. You wanted the money. So, I lent you twenty large. Now it's been three weeks and you ain't paid a dime. What do you think that makes me look like on the street? I don't do something to you and everyone will think they can skate. What'd I tell you? Huh, Vinny? What'd I tell you when you came to me for money? Didn't I ask you not to do it? Did I not say that? What'd I say to him? I see. Well, get back out on the street and find them before I "sort of" kill you. What happened? Get in the car. I said a clean break. How's my brother? Fuck me? Fuck you! And I'm tellin' you it ain't! Now, turn your taco-eating ass around and get the hell out of here. The hell it is. Yeah. It's mine. Okay. Okay. For me? What am I going to do with a piece of shit like this? Oh really? Thanks. I thought it was a sewing machine. What the hell is it doing here? What's this? What are you nuts? A debt is a debt. I was thinking I'd throw a little extra work your way. You know, you come down to the club, make espresso for the boys... wash their cars... run some errands... things like that. Yeah. I mean, you are my brother and... well I should have found another way of expressing my disappointment. So, I've decided to make it up to you. I don't want anything. I just wanted to say... that I may have... overreacted a little the other day. Yeah. I mean besides that. They treating you all right? Food okay? So, I just come by to see how you're doin'? That's good. That's what a stand-up guy does. She seems pleasant enough. That's why we're only breaking one arm. -- Shut up! Don't you try to make me feel bad about this. You knew what would happen to you if you didn't pay. This is on your head, not mine. Break his arm.This spells trouble. Autumn is coming. I'll shut the windows for you. Go to bed then. Miss has grown up, and is getting married soon. God knows what the future will bring. Don't invite danger into your father's house. She's one of those. Your mother would not want you consorting with her kind. I heard you met Shu Lien today. I've made you silk pajamas. Do you want to change into them?Master... I started learning from you in secret when I was 10. You enchanted me with the world of Giang Hu. But once I realized I could surpass you, I became so frightened! Everything fell apart. I had no one to guide me, no one to learn from. You wouldn't have understood, even if I had tried to explain. You know... you've gone as far as you can go. I hid my skills so as not to hurt you. You think you've been teaching me all these years from the manual? You couldn't even decipher the symbols! I owe you nothing. Shut up! That was just for fun. How can I leave? Where would I go? I'll never live as a thief! Why are you still here? You killed a policeman. You should leave! You'll bring ruin on my whole family. He is my defeated foe! So what if I don't? Don't bother. Long. I have a guest. It will be just the same. Enough! I'm tired. I'm tired now. I'll socialize with whomever I please. Do you know her? Put them down. Please sit. Spare your energy. I'll be back! She used Purple Yin... Purple Yin poison. It goes straight to the heart. Don't be a sore loser. Go ahead. Take your pick. I'll wait. Go ahead. Come and get it if you can. What do I care? You were never a real friend anyway. But I wonder, how long could you last as my enemy? You're working together to set me up! I'm leaving! Where is he now? You know about Lo? They forced me to marry! You, sister... I was just passing by and wondered how you were. I'm just borrowing some clean clothes. I'm not staying. You say she killed a policeman? Don't distance us. From now on, let's be like sisters. Too bad for Meng, but it's not your fault, or Li Mu Bai's. No, really? About you and Li Mu Bai? Am I? I wish I were like the heroes in the books I read. Like you and Li Mu Bai. I guess I'm happy to be marrying. But to be free to live my own life, to choose whom I love... That is true happiness. I'm hardly doing a thing. The less I think of it the better. My parents are arranging everything. The Gous are a very powerful family. My marrying one will be good for my father's career. Please. Maybe it is. I wouldn't know. I'll write your name. Just for fun. I'm bored. I've missed you. No! You couldn't roam around freely if you were. You're not married, are you? You know what I mean. I'm getting married soon, but I haven't lived the life I want. But you're just like the characters in the stories. I've read all about people like you. Roaming wild, beating up anyone who gets in your way! It must be exciting to be a fighter, to be totally free! Really? You're a sword fighter too? Li Mu Bai! The famous warrior? Why would he give his sword to Sir Te? Exquisite! You said it belongs to... But I have had much practice. As a child in the West, a platoon lived with us. They'd let me play with their weapons. The scabbard is so beautiful. It's heavy for such a thin piece of metal! The antidote exists. She taught it to me. The formula is simple, but it takes time to prepare. Trust me. As you have helped me, let me help you. Never! Give it back! All right. If you can take back the sword in three moves, I'll go with you. What do you want? Only the sword will settle this. Not another lecture! On guard! Make a wish, Lo. Do you remember the legend of the young man? Don't ever come back. Go. If you don't, I'll come after you. And I won't let you off so easy. Keep it safe. Return it to me when we are together again. Don't send me back! Let them look. So you're still that little boy looking for shooting stars. And so, the little boy became a fearsome bandit. He couldn't find the stars, so he stole my comb. Give it back. Give me back my comb. By the way, I'm a real Manchurian. It's mine. It means a lot to me. A barbarian like you wouldn't understand. You coward! My comb! Give it back! You shouldn't have come. Lo?Maybe the murderer and the thief are one and the same. A female criminal! Now that's news! A murderer? But don't be too lenient. That's good. Sometimes the help can't keep their hands to themselves. It's very embarassing. I heard Sir Te lost something. And now Madame Te's not feeling well... Madam Te is certainly spoiling us with these wedding gifts. She's being so considerate.Father! Let me avenge my mother's death. What does it say? Father! We must avenge mother!I didn't have the heart. Li Mu Bai is coming to stay the night. How's the arm? Still sore? Take my horse and go to the compound. Give this to Mrs. Wu. She'll help you. Hurry! You can't die! Tell us what poison you used! You can't die! Tell us the antidote! You can't let Li Mu Bai die! Without the Green Destiny, you are nothing. Don't touch it! That's Li Mu Bai's sword. How dare you accuse us? I always knew you had stolen the sword! I've done nothing but protect you and your family. And you're repaid me with nothing but contempt. Li Mu Bai himself spared you, and all you do is insult him. We wanted some peace and you've ruined it all! You're no sister of mine! Li Mu Bai has made arrangements. He sent him to Wudan Mountain. He really loves you. Come back to Peking with me. We'll find a solution. Go back to them first. Then you can decide about Lo. Look at the trouble you've caused. Now you know what Giang Hu life is really like. If you think of me as your sister, let me give you some sisterly advice. You can run from marriage, but not your parents. I'll give them to you. Here you must be in proper attire. Yes, from the West. He went undercover and and followed her here, Then as a sister, let me wish you happiness in your marriage. I am not an aristocrat, as you are... but I must still respect a woman's duties. His name was Meng Si Zhao. He was a brother to Li Mu Bai by oath. One day, while in battle, he was killed by the sword of Li Mu Bai's enemy. After, Li Mu Bai and I went through a lot together. Our feelings for each other grew stronger. But how could we dishonor Meng's memory? So the freedom you talk about, I too desire it. But I have never tasted it. Yes. Did you know I was once engaged to be married? Do you think so? Let me tell you a story. You are fornuate to marry into such a noble family. Thank you for seeing me. I hear your wedding day is near. You must be overwhelmed by the preparations. You write gracefully. Calligraphy is so similar to fencing. You're doing calligraphy? How so? You're probably right. What do you think? So I heard. Congratulations. It's the most important step in a woman's life, isn't it? Sure. No place to bathe for days, sleeping in flea-infested beds... They tell you all about that in those books? Writers wouldn't sell many books if they told how it really is. Fighters have rules too: friendship, trust, integrity... Without rules, we wouldn't survive for long. Yes, I am. But I prefer the machete. Certain moves, however, call for a sword. You're too young to understand. My friend Li Mu Bai. He's given it to Sir Te as a gift. Beautiful but dangerous. Once you see it tainted with blood, its beauty is hard to admire. It's 400 years old. The handle is heavy. And the blade is no ordinary metal. Still, the sword is the lightest of weapons. You're just not used to handling it. Use it to meditate. Free yourself from this world as you have been taught. Let your soul rise to eternity with your last breath. Do not waste it... for me. Save your strength. Mu Bai, hold on. Give me some hope... That can't be! Everything has an antithesis! Why not this? We followed Jade Fox. What happened? Not a bad idea. Tonight we'll get a good night's sleep at headquarters. What about you? To repress one's feelings only makes them stronger. Not everything is an illusion. My hand... wasn't that real? Don't you want to see her again. You think Jade Fox will show up? I wish there were something more I could do to help you. It's not our affair. Even if Wudan accepts her, her husband might object. But Wudan does not accept women. She's an aristocrat's daughter. She's not one of us. In any case, it will all be over soon. You'll kill Fox, and she'll marry. I knew she would intrigue you. My job was to get the sword back, without embarassing anyone. I wasn't about to ruin her life, or her father's. But it's not your sword anymore. You gave it to Sir Te. Then, why did you come? What do you mean? Didn't you come back here for it? No, I'd already sent them home. You can blame me for losing the sword, but please trust that I'll get it back soon using my own methods. No, not yet... It was Bo, Sir Te's man. I hear he followed the thief to the Yus'. No. Be careful. Sir Te requires discretion. Official business is difficult enough. Don't let personal feelings make it worse. And I don't know... even this poster... could be some sort of trap. Is there any place safer than under the nose of Governor Yu? You always suspected she'd fled to the West. But something is going on at the Yu household. Join me once you have finished. I can wait for you in Peking. Come with me to Peking. You can give the sword to Sir Te yourself. It'll be just like old times. So what will you do now? You use it justly, you're worthy of it. I don't understand. How can you part with it? It has always been with you. The Green Destiny Sword? You're giving it to Sir Te? We're preparing a convoy for a delivery to Peking. What was it? You were enlightened? Why? You're a Wudan fighter. Training is everything. The mountain must be so peaceful... I envy you. My work keeps me so busy, I hardly get any rest. Monk Zheng said you were at Wudan Mountain. He said you were practicing deep meditation. Good. And how are you? Mu Bai...It's been too long. I doubt it. This thief... it very unusual... Yes. The very killer of Li Mu Bai's own master. Last night, she killed a policeman who had tracked her down. No mercy will be shown toward the murderer who turned up in Peking. Sir Te knows that even well-meaning people can make mistakes... that can bring ruin to themselves and their families. We know who stole the missing item. If the thief returns it, I'm sure Sir Te will pursue the matter no further. I'm sorry she's not feeling well enough to receive you today. The best way to trap a fox is through her cubs. Sir Te, can you find some excuse to invite Madam Yu and her daughter? We must be careful. Governor Yu is a court official, and in charge of security. Any disturbance will cast suspicion on him. It might get Sir Te in trouble. But the sword could be in his compound. Has Governor Yu ever seen the sword? I beg your pardon. Li Mu Bai and I aren't cowards. I don't know... Please, Sir Te, what is it? You've always been so good to Li Mu Bai and me. Please accept our thanks. Sir Te! It has brought him as much trouble as glory. Help him to leave these troubles behind. Otherwise, he'll never be able to start anew.Of course, she's in on it too. Don't let her see you. Just go get that chest and show the world what Collins has been doing. I'm staying here. What? No! Look. Okay, what? What are you wearing? What? My mom wants to know if you can stay for dinner. HARRY? Are you okay? Just down the hall. What? Well now I'm in a position where I may just heed your help. Well, I'll tell you what I think. I think she and Principal Collins are embezzling money from the school, and I think they've been doing it for years. Sit down, I have something to tell you. LLOYD? What about Ms. Heller? I checked with the school board, she's not an accredited teacher. Okay, there's a lot for us to go over, so it may get hard for you. Would you like something to drink? Wipe your feet. My parents are totally anal. Yeah... Come over around seven. You and Lloyd chose the class!? Are you trying to be funny? Or are you actually re--, re...special Oh Harry, you're so funny. Now I have something that's kind of delicate... You did? That's because Ms. Heller doesn't want you to know this whole thing is a scam. HARRY! A field trip? Maybe I'll join you. See you tomorrow. Yes, you and the whole Special Needs class. Hey guys. Yeah, well, I'd much rather write an expose or a hard hitting investigative piece, but nothing really ever happens around here. But, I chose you and that's fine. I'm Jessica Matthews. I've been assigned to write an article about you for the school paper. It was either a feature on you or the new four-color ink pens at the student store. You're the kid who was home schooled. Oh, yeah. I don't think they do. You're new here, right? Excuse me. Hi. Look Ms. Heller, there's something fishy here, and I don't think it's Friday's special. You mean the lunch room? Why are you teaching Special Needs? You're the lunch lady. Are you wearing a coconut bra? So can I come along? Well, when 200 students are hospitalized with stomach cramps I think it's newsworthy. MS. HELLER, mind if I tag along on your field trip? I'm thinking of doing a story on your special needs class. THAT'S NOT YOUR TAPE. That's not your tape. I don't know what you're talking about. So what did you say to my parents on the phone? My parents are going to wonder where I am. I don't know what you're talking about. Last year Toby was in A.P. English. And Lewis won the Science Fair. What are they doing in Special Needs? And, Ching Chong, you're not a Special Needs kid. You're just a foreign exchange student. Being a jerk doesn't make you special. TURK, what are you doing here? TURK, leave him alone. He's going to be in jail for a long time. Don't worry about me, I'll be fine. I can take care of myself and I'm getting the story every high school reporter dreams of. LLOYD, when we were in Principal Collins's office, did you see any kind of chest? HARRY! Lloyd! You guys are a mess. Thanks, Lloyd. But I didn't find what I was looking for. Oh can you do me a favor and clean up? Collins can't know we were here. That's my boyfriend. No, it was a complete waste of time. That's it. I'm done. I'm so close I can feel it. Let's just do it and get out of here. Uh, thanks. God I'm so excited! So, are you ready to take me to the principal's office? He whips out the key, she takes it. Well, something stinks. Oh, baby, you're the bestest. So, when can we do it? So could you get us into the principal's office? Where'd that come from? He holds up a giant key chain. HARRY and I have been talking about school. In fact, I want to ask you something. What? Oh Harry's doing just fine, he's just about to open up. What are you doing here? Well I was born in St. Louis. Yes, what? This school's never had one before. I'd like to talk to you and all your special friends. Oh no, I know that class isn't for me. But I'm happy for you guys. HARRY, I heard Collins has you in some kind of special class. I'll talk to you later.Damn right I did it. Went back and set the house on fire, his little floozy testified in court - and I ended up doing ten years at Rikers, got my teeth knocked out by Mike the Dyke. No, it actually fit quite nicely. Well, except for the fact that it wasn't really as long as it was wide. You bet I left him, took the dog and we was history. Oh, yeah he was straight all right, just wasn't very good in the sack. I used to give him directions. Higher, lower, faster, harder, small circles, do the alphabet. Useless. He was a big loser! What are you deaf!? Loser... oh yeah he was a loser alright. A big loser. Museum huh, haven't been there since my husband left me. I love art.So boys, how was your first day? Then a sleep-over is okay by me. Okay boys, eat up. LLOYD, did you ask your parents? Oh, Harry, I'm so proud of you making a real friend. Right. Here's your lunch. And an apple and banana for extra energy. You're going to be just fine, HARRY. I don't follow. It could be anything. You're going to discover a whole new world when you get to school. Yes, Harry. I can't home school you anymore. So maybe it's time to make some new friends, some friends your own age... How was that? You know I do! Oh honey, I wouldn't miss this for the world. Hey you two. Lights out. It was meatloaf. You just put everything in your soup. He passed away three years ago.I wouldn't know. Being that I'm just the teacher and all. I thought I told you to get lost. Dietician! This interview is over. You can have the camera back tomorrow. Come by the classroom. Heller heads off. Oh, you're good. No. Nevertheless, you could have mentioned the sauce. Well, I see you have a camera. I'm not interested. Not after the smear story you did on my chicken sushi. So miss snoopy reporter girl, it appears that you've snooped yourself into a corner and snoopcuffed yourself to a desk. Whose wearing the Coconut bra now? That's not bad. How about a float of George Washington crossing the Delaware? People! Come on. "Parade" float. No. Your assignment is to pick the class. Find some other students just as special as you. What the hell are you talking about? I think you did it. Ha! Too big to make the turn! Left here! Left! That's great, now make a left, then straight! Uh, no and I don't appreciate...turn down here! What? Looking for a scoop, huh? I'll give you a scoop... of short bus. Lose her! Let's go Margie. The museum ain't going to teach itself. This is horse? Love it! This band sounds terrible. So the chest is still out there somewhere. Are you going to kill her? She's been snooping around a lot, asking questions. It was Jessica. That girl who tried to follow me on the field trip. Wait a minute, I think I know who stole it. Where is it? The evidence of what? What papers? Baby, I'm going to spend the morning at the mall. You know, shop for Waikiki. Honey, what are you looking for? Oh, just like the President. Everything? So what do you keep in there? Monkey, this is too exciting! I can't believe our dream is coming true. You got the Extender? It's a surprise. Guess what"s under these coconuts. Knock knock. Wow, you are smart. And...? To take a picture for Superintendent Zimmer? Times two. Oh wow. Look at you. You said "aloha" twice. We start our own class? Oh, this is fantastic. So all we have to do is kill this Moffit guy and we get all the money! It's the big potato. How baby-cakes? You've done it all. God, I've missed you. ... and, Principal Collins, you'll be pleased to know that this year Wednesdays are "South of the Border" days. We'll serve a spicy tuna tamale along with a cheese quesadilla.I have to save Eugene! What did you see? Speed up. Another premonition? What did you see? What am I looking for? I don't think so. Alex's premonitions happened exactly as he saw them no matter how much we tried to change it. Six duds in a row. Are you crazy? What makes you think you'd survive? What are you doing? You're going to kill us! How you doing in there, hero? So let's do it. Please, what else could it mean? Then it wasn't just a sign. It was a premonition? You were there? You have to tell us now. I hope you're ready for this. I didn't beat it; I hid from it. If you were smart you'd put a down payment on a burial plot and say goodbye to the dog, because what little life you have left is over as you know it. Don't make new friends, don't fall in love, and don't ever bother trying to save others. That's the worst killer of them all. That's what Alex used to ask himself right up until... If you have the same power as Alex, you'll be seeing signs soon. When you see anything creepy or ominous, an in-your-face irony kinda thing? Don't ignore it. It usually means the difference between life and death. That's good. Get all your tears out now, you'll need your eyes. For the signs. Congratufuckinglations. That makes you last to go. But don't worry, once the others are dead, it'll come back for you. Always does. The survivors of Flight 180 died in the exact order they were originally meant to die in the plane crash. That was Death's original design. Death's list. The precise order you're going to die in. Well, if you put them on the list, they're already tits up. Nice work. Maybe if you're real lucky, you'll wind up in here with me. But I doubt you'll survive that long. Yeah, how? Kimberly Burroughs, eh? What do you want? She had the baby? A guard grabbed me before I could find Eugene. If only Alex and I had done that with the others, Alex might still be... We need to hurry. Make sure all these people will be at the meeting tonight. Holy shit. He said "only new life can defeat death." If she gives birth to a baby that was never meant to be born, a brand new soul that was never part of Death's Design... He probably already knows we're coming. A mortician. He seemed to know a hell of a lot more about death than he ever told us. That's why Death is working backwards. It's tying up all the loose ends, sealing the rift once and for all This chapter of the screenplay contains scene that do not appear or occur elsewhere in the final movie. In order to maintain the integrity of the screenplay, it has not been edited. Being alive after our time caused an outward ripple - a rift in Death's design. Your entire world view just went out the window. I couldn't expect a religious conversation overnight. We'll get through this. I promise. Random, sure. What about you, Kimberly? Did you anyone from Flight-? Carter. What about the rest of you? Kimberly, you were driving to Daytona. Was Route 18 your first choice? The only reason he was on Route 18 was because he own the lottery and had to collect the winnings.Do you want to deliver this baby? Please. It's not going to wait. Take my van! Jorge. When I get out of here I'm going to sue his cheating ass off. What do you mean "grand theft auto?" This is insane.I never mad it. The Greyhound bus I was on splattered some chick all over the road and we had to stop. I got that beat. So like, last May, I was supposed to stay at this cheesy bed and breakfast in Pennsylvania. There was a major gas leak no one knew about and all the guests suffocated during the night. Yeah? Eighteen. And it's "Hebrew". This can't be happening. My career's at a peak, I finally met a cute guy, I just bought a new house... First I'm stuck with Jury Duty, now this nonsense.No! It can't be. I was dead. And came back to life. An EEG machine. Where's Eugene? Yeah, fuck 'em. No offense. What do you want me to do? Yes. I was in a hospital. There was screaming... A nurse was choking me. I couldn't tell what she looked like, but the name tag was right in my face. Kalarjian. No, it's not here. This one was different. More like the pile up and the van going into the lake. This makes no sense. Isabella was supposed to crash her van into a lake. Could we have altered her destiny when we had her arrested? And when it was Rory's turn to die, and Thomas was in the way? What happened when Eugene tried to kill himself out of turn? No. If anyone dies from a crash now, it'll be me. But I can't die if Eugene and Isabella are still alive. I'm last on Death's list. What about that? So if you give us the pregnant lady's number, we can warn her about the lake and she'll live long enough to have the baby. I can practically taste the water in my throat. And something else. The smell of flowers... I was driving a white van. It must've gone out of control because it crashed into a lake and I drowned. It was...horrible. I...I... The second one just dies. A 16 year old kid. How can you say that? What kind of monster are you? The songs on the radio. But wait. I don't understand. Why is this even happening to me? Signs? That still doesn't make sense. You said you die in the same order you were originally meant to. But Evan Shaeffer died last in my premonition, not first. Officer Burke pulled me away from the crash that killed my friends. Exact order? Then I'm next! I was meant to die with my friends, so I'm next! What list? It's not just about me. Someone I saved died last night in a freak accident. What if the others are in danger, too? I had a premonition about the Route 18 pile up... I saved some people. And now I think Death is after me. I thought...I thought you might be able to help me. For God's sake, leave him alone, Dad. Welcome back. We did it. For real. You can't cheat destiny. I know what I have to do to save us. I have to die. I'm not sure... I don't think Isabella was ever destined to die in the pile- up. I don't...what if I made a mistake? I know how it feels to be dead. Shouldn't we pull over? I think a nurse named Kalarjian is going to choke Isabella to death! Don't worry. Nothing can happen to us. He can't breathe damn it. I think his lung's collapsed! How do you know? Are you thinking what I'm thinking? How are we going to find her? There must be thousands of white vans in this state. It throws the entire Death list out of whack. And a new list has to be rewritten from scratch. We all start over with a clean slate. Yeah, I thought he was supposed to be helpful. This is cheery. We have to tell her she's in danger! Turn around. The cleaning woman said they're at the dentist's. 14th and Main. They're next on the list. We have to find them. Pigeons... It's a sign! If Clear's right about the order, then Nora and Tim are going to be attacked by Pigeons! Clean up? I don't... Then you believe all this?? That Death is working off a list? Evan Shaeffer's dead. ...My Premonition was just like his. Billboards about accidents. Kids yelling "pile up" for no reason. It all felt...just wrong. Just like... The log truck...and everybody I guess. Everyone was driving like a maniac. And somehow I knew something horrible was going to happen, even before it did. Like I said, it was like I was there. I remember everything. The sounds of the crashes, the smells, the look on Shaina's face... You're not listening to me! You have to do something! THAT's the truck that's going to kill everyone! There's going to be a pile up. Logs. Bodies everywhere. I saw it happen. It happened. Highway to Hell, Highway to Hell. There's going to be a huge accident! Everyone's gonna die, all of us, I saw it! There's going to be a huge accident! Everyone's gonna die. All of us! I saw it! What's the chance of finding a nice mature guy once we get to Daytona? I can live with thaaaa -- This trip better be worth it. What's the guy-girl ratio again? No, I'm good. I guess so. I...I don't know. Sure. I don't know what's weirder, the dialing a wrong number part or that Death would set you up nine months in advance. More than that. All the songs on the radio were about car crashes. Some kid's banging toy cars together. She was dialing her cell phone with her headset on. His car was leaking oil all over the road. I used to have those feelings, too. But that's when I'd think of Mom. Her strength...and courage. And I'd pray that maybe I'd grow up to be as brave as she was. And the bad thoughts would go away. I love you too, Dad. Goodnight. That it's not over yet. I know it's crazy, but I'm really scared for the others. I've got this terrible feeling. I will, Dad. Bye, luv you. You got it, Dad. I'll call you if I have a problem. Hey, Dad. What's up? I know, Dad. I know this is the first time we've been apart since. But everything's gonna be okay. Relax, Dad. It's Daytona, not Mongolia. Thanks, Dad. I'll call you.Nice try, kiddo. Yeah? You're all certifiable, you know that? I can't believe I've been listening to this crap. Come on, Tim, let's go outside. What on Earth are they doing? I know, we'll be there soon.For Christ sakes girl, take a breath. Relax, you need to chill the fuck out. What is it? What are you? What is it? What are you? How does a nice mature fuck sound? Get ready to smile, five guys per girl. Want me to drive?I really think we should go back... Mister Biller... now that we can see the lake, I think we should follow the shoreline to -- I didn't think there were any houses up here... I know... but we left the main trail... and I can't find any landmarks around here... I've been trying to figure it out but... I think we're lost. Mister Biller? Okay... well... I think it's this way... Just a deer, Mister Biller. Part of the local wildlife. Logging? We'll need an environmental impact study for that... That's not true... No, but... I don't think the people who live around here would like that very much... Jas... Jason Voorhees... he's here... Oh my god... this is his house... _we're in his fucking house_... He... he's here... Other guy? I don't know... This is Janet Davenport -- I'm the Realtor. Hello?Come on. _Krueger_... His camera... it's still recording. It's still on. What's going on? Fuck you. I know how this sounds, but that's what happened. What? Quite a circus. I seem to recall arguing the same thing in court while you were trying to file murder-one charges. Two. Did you find a scalpel? Did you find a murder weapon? And this hand... it... it slashed Doctor Layton's throat... and the Deputy. Then it grabbed Danny by the head... And it pulled his head right down into his chest... I couldn't... Hayes lays a hand his shoulder. Jason's. It came out of his chest... a hand with long blades on the fingers... That's right... it... it came right out of his chest... He doesn't look like he's going anywhere, Bill. And if necessary, I can get a judicial order reaffirming the right of my client to speak to his attorney in private. A house? I thought that was Ted Bundy. What are the charges? Three. Where's my client? "Zombie Sluts From Beyond the Grave." You watch this garbage? I don't know if anything's going to work in this case. Therefore, we have to try everything. Wrong. Jason can't get a fair trial because of _these_. So... why can't Jason get a fair trial? Now... I think the video store's open for another couple of hours. Let's go. It's all right. Now... we're going to need a really good head-doctor for this. Someone who can get up on the stand and tell the jury that our client is mentally insane and has been for years... We'll go through a dozen doctors before we find one who's willing to testify for us. I think it's our best bet. They're taking apart his house right now... they found weapons, blood, a mountain of evidence. We can't say he was framed. My client... is dead. But I think he's a free man. Are you all right? Let's split up. You take the left side, I'll take the right. We'll meet in front of the Cineplex. Ten minutes... How long will the effect last? So you think it might counteract Krueger's ability to make us hallucinate? What's that? Then we're all in a lot of trouble. Krueger's in the real world... maybe he's mortal, like us. I used to go hunting with my father when I was a kid. Krueger's the greater danger right now. We have to stop him. _Springwood_. That's where he'll go. That's where he's always gone. But Springwood's not like Crystal Lake. There's a couple hundred thousand people there. He could be anywhere. I don't know... but I think he's pissed. If I'm right, this happened before the Krueger murders in Springwood. That means that Jason might've been Krueger's first victim. So Krueger thinks Jason's dead... leaves him in the lake... but the boy actually wakes up on the shore... crawls off into the woods... where he lives the rest of his life alone. How's that possible? What are you doing? A cameraman caught him on videotape. Joe, I saw an entire sheriff's squad fighting and losing against an enemy that wasn't there... It was Krueger, wasn't it? I was there once... that was enough. Besides... I have to go out to Jason's house tomorrow. They're... digging up some new evidence. I'll have to lean on them pretty hard after what happened last night... but I think I can do it. Let me know what happens. Great. When can you do it? Not yet. So what do we do? That doesn't make sense. Yeah, what is it? Don't you see? Jason was _asleep_. And he was dreaming -- the REM patterns prove that. And I saw finger blades just like Krueger's come out of Jason's chest. There has to be a connection. That's right. The murders in the eighties were never solved. But... there were teenaged witnesses who said Krueger had the ability to appear in your dreams... and that if he killed you in a dream, it would kill you in the real world. Now.... according to the file, Krueger was burned to death in a fire in 1968. But get this -- beginning in 1984, there was _another_ series of murders in Springwood. All teenagers... all killed in their sleep... all killed with finger blades just like Krueger's. He was a child killer in the late sixties... in a town called Springwood about eight miles from here. Guess what his murder weapon was? A glove with six-inch blades. Well, I'm onto something more useful. You ever hear of a man named Fred Krueger? I think I'm onto something, Joe. He's my client, and this is important. Enjoy your waitresses. That's open to debate. There's a pizza place over on Market. How long will he need to be asleep? Then I'd say it's bedtime for Jason. How do we prove it? If we could prove that Jason suffers from this disorder... and that his homicidal behavior has been a direct result of a medical condition... So Jason doesn't sleep... how does that help us? Insomnolesence... That's pretty weird. Is it possible for someone to not sleep for months? Not much here. Jason was brought in a couple more times for insomnia... that's about it. Oh? What do you want -- a tidy psychological profile? You want to hear that I was falsely accused of a crime I didn't commit... and that's driven me to defend others? Or maybe you want to me to get in touch with my feelings... talk about my childhood... I don't "rationalize" anything. I'm his lawyer -- he's my client. That's all. My job is not to determine his guilt or innocence. That's up to the jury. My job is defend him. Well, Jason _was_ in a canoe accident in 1967 and presumed drowned. His mother died a few years later after a long bout with cancer. Some time in the early eighties, there were a string of murders out by Crystal Lake... People started saying it was Jason... back from the dead. That's the problem with this case. Everyone thinks they know Jason's life story. But they don't. What you're remembering is a _movie_. Fiction. In the movie, Jason's mother runs around, killing people after Jason drowns in Crystal Lake So? Well, I definitely feel sorry for you. August fourteenth, 1956... Jason was brought in by his mother, who said the boy hadn't slept for two weeks. Doctor prescribed Valium... This sexual obsession of yours. Have you considered going into therapy yourself? This is Jason Voorhees. They'll be looking for an excuse to send him to the chair. If we're going to argue insanity, we're going to need something a little more concrete. This is bad, Joe. The Prosecution is already putting together a team of psychiatric specialists. They'll argue exactly the opposite. They'll say he's just pretending to be catatonic and he's completely sane. Oh? He wets the bed? Doesnit sleep? Great. Is that what you're going to say when I put you on the stand? Well?What happened? Where's Jason? For the moment! You've only got about two minutes left! Hurry! Ruby takes off towards the Cineplex... We're down to seven minutes. If I give you a bigger dose, it'll give you a heart attack. About ten minutes. Ten CC's of this shit and you won't be dreaming about anything. _Neurolar_. It's a stimulant -- it's also a serotonin inhibitor. It suppresses all electrical activity in the hippocampus... the part of the brain that controls dreaming. And if he's not? Think it'll do any good? You know how to use one of those? Great. Now there's _two_ serial killers on the loose. Where's he going? Except this victim got away. I wonder if -- Alone... but with a murderous fury inside him... which led him to kill dozens of people. Jason's asleep... maybe he's dreaming of himself as a young boy... and that boy is sitting right here. I think he's some kind of projection from Jason's subconscious. This is Jason's REM pattern... and this is the boy's REM pattern. They're identical. Checking out a theory. Just keep talking to him. You saw him? It's all right. I'm simply in shock... this is what happens to people when they experience events they can't understand or comprehend. The mind shuts down temporarily and tries to shield itself from the horrific imagery it's been exposed to. I'm going to need a lot of therapy. You're not going to be there? Tomorrow. If you can clear it with the Sheriff's department. Then I'd say we should put Jason under again... run another tape on him and see what happens. We'll get extra data this time. Video... infrared... the works. I don't suppose I can go back to the University and chase young coeds again... pretend this whole thing never happened... Add it to the list. It's as though there were two people in that room... both of them asleep... both of them dreaming. _It's a second REM pattern_. See this? Yeah... I think I understand... You're drunk, too. Uh-huh... I thought you said Krueger burned to death. Fascinating. Krueger... doesn't ring a bell. Me too. I'm drunk. There's nothing to see here. He sleeps... we record it. That's all that happens. I'll take my chances. Come on, I'm buying. Cute waitresses? Well, that's it. He'll be asleep in a few minutes, but his first REM-cycle probably won't kick in for another hour or so. Is there a place we can get something to eat in this town? We're going to need at least two full REM cycles to get a clear neurological profile. Three hours minimum, six hours ideal. Simple. We sedate him, induce a somnolesent state, and study his REM patterns when he's unconscious. If he has the disorder, his REMS will be highly abnormal. Ruby smiles. Not guilty by reason of insanity. Case closed. Insomnolesence has been known to cause psychotic episodes... delusions... It's a neurological disorder affecting the hypothalamus. The part of the brain that causes sleepiness is inactive. They didn't know about it back in the sixties. Even now, it's not understood very well. It's rare... but there are cases where people go for years without sleep. They diagnosed Jason with simple insomnia... but that's not what it looks like to me. He has every indication of having _insomnolesence_. The mother said the boy hadn't slept for over three _months_. A physical examination showed dilated pupils, temperature of one-oh-two, blood chemistry highly imbalanced... Wait a minute. Let me see that. She hands him the file. You're obviously going through a critical moral dilemma. And you're putting up barriers against anyone who tries to probe your conscience. But it is heartening to know that you do have a conscience. No. You've told me all I need to know. That didn't sound very convincing. Don't get me wrong. I don't care. But the professional part of me is interested in how you rationalize what you do. So, what are you saying... that he didn't kill all those people? None of that's true? I thought she was a killer, too. You know... that she chopped up a bunch of teenage camp counselors... before she was decapitated. I don't believe it. Jason's mother died of ovarian cancer in 1969. No need. I'm self-diagnosed. I have severe nympholepsy... And I'm a bed-wetter. Nurses. That's why I went into medicine. Great. Battling head doctors. We'll confuse the jury enough to create a reasonable doubt. Hung jury. One of the deputies is pretty cute. I think she likes me. I always throw that in. It makes the jury feel sorry for the defendant. Insomnia. Not unusual for someone in his situation. Not to mention he's a bed-wetter. No. When you put me on the stand, I'll say your client is catatonic and exhibits classic symptoms of a schizophrenic, sociopathic personality. And he doesn't sleep. He's fucking nuts.I'll miss you. Ok, bye. Well... have a good flight. You're leaving right now? Just saying good-bye to everyone before you leave? Uh, yeah... I'll bring it down. Hi, Bob. I don't know, it just doesn't, reality changes things....we can't stay here forever, unless maybe we started a Jazz band. I know. But, it doesn't last, you have to go back sometime. Well, I mean it more now. I'm going to miss you. When are you leaving? That lunch was the worst, huh. Around. A coke. Well, I guess she's more around your age... You guys could talk about things in common, like growing up in the fifties. You can't get sushi anywhere in Japan after 2 o'clock. Did you know that? Oh, I guess you're busy, huh. I'm going to Daikanyama, do you want to come walk around? No. Yeah. Working. You think so? It's bad isn't it? I don't know, I think maybe I broke it? I knocked into something the other day... Fuck off. Oh, she'll love it. How old is she? You made it. Why do you have to be with your opposite, why cant similar people be together? I know, but that's what you like about me. John thinks I'm so snotty. In D.C., my dad was the Ambassador to France in the eighties, so we went to school in Paris for a few years... but we mostly lived in D.C., and they were never around... and then I moved to Los Angeles when John and I got married... it's so different there. That's nice. My parents were always traveling, they weren't around so much. No one ever tells you that... That's too scary. Oh. Did that help? Did you learn anything? And marriage, does that get easier? But, I'm mean. I just don't know what I'm supposed to be. I thought maybe I wanted to be a writer... but I hate what I write, and I tried taking pictures, but John's so good at that, and mine are so mediocre... and every girl goes through a photography phase, like horses, you know dumb pictures of your feet... Yeah? But look at you. I'm stuck. Does it get easier. I know. Oh. Oh, for her show? Oh. Well... they were dancing on the couch with that weird English guy who kept talking about hanging out with the Sex Pistols on Kings Road... Did you see Hiromix last night dancing with Bambi? Let's never come here again, because it would never be as much fun. Why do they switch the r's and l's here? I don't remember. Did I scowl at you? Really? Do you remember when we met at the bar? ...You were wearing a tuxedo. How'd a Japanese guy get a name like Hans? I think he kind of liked me...Is that so hard to imagine? Hey look, it's Sausalito. OK, see you downstairs. Do you want to have some breakfast? Thanks for getting me back in one piece. It's Charlotte. I don't want to go home. I could cut the ones that are left for you. What do you feel like singing, Bob? Charlie, this is Bob. Bob  Charlie Brown. No. You really are having a mid-life crisis. See you later. Oh, good. Do you want to go to a party tonight with me and some friends who live here? Not really. How long are you here for? Yeah. Did you get some sleep? Oh, hi. Hi again, how's it going? Thanks. I'm sure your mid-life crisis will work out,too. I don't know, but I can think about it, a lot. Philosophy. I'm not sure, yet... I graduated last spring. Oh. 25 years... that's a long time... Are you still in love with your wife? You're probably just having a mid- life crisis. Did you buy a Porche? Two years. My husband's here for work-he's a photographer- and I just came along...I'm not really doing anything right now, and we have some friends who live here. What are you doing here? I miss you. Yeah, I know you have to work the whole time, I'll probably have more fun here. I'll call Charlie and those guys. Are you sure you have to go? Mmm, I love Cristal, let's have some. I'm not. It's just corny, but I'm not into it. Oh... that's nothing, someone gave it to me. Ok, I will... later. But I like to... and I don't smoke that much. Do you think it's done? Yeah. Bye. Hair stuff? Like popcorn? You smell weird. I don't know what to do. I went to a temple today and I didn't feel anything. Sure. Ok. Maybe I'll walk down with you. How'd it go today? No, I thought it was funny. Forget it. Why do you have to defend her? Evelyn Waugh was a man. Evelyn Waugh? Ok, bye. Oh, it's nothing... I better go, I'll talk to you later. Sure. It's cool... but,I don't know... I went to a shrine today and all these little monk's were chanting... and, I didn't feel anything... I even tried ikebana, ... and John's using hair products... I don't know who I. Lauren?You'll do it? So, we got you on an earlier flight, but I really think you should think about staying for that talk show. Bob, it's me. Ok, you're scheduled to leave Saturday, but we'll hold a seat Thursday in case, but first class is full, you're waitlisted for an upgrade... there might be a seat on Lufthansa... These people are paying you a lot, do you think you could consider it? We're looking into it Bob, but they really want you to stay to do that talk show Friday, apparently it's a really big deal, he's the Johnny Carson of Japan....Well, I have the worst headache, I have to go find some aspirin. But, call me, let's have a drink, I'm under Evelyn Waugh. Sorry if I have the worst B.O., I've been sweating in this little room with T.V. lights for hours... No! Hi! So great to meet you! It's amazing there! ...doing like twenty million interviews a day... It's soo good to see you. How long are you here for? Promoting that action movie I did... John! What are you doing here?Ok, have fun there, you're so lucky you don't have any kids yet and you can go off to Japan... call me when you get back. Oh, wait, can you hold on one sec? Charlotte?! How's Tokyo?Ok, well, travel safely. See you soon. Her ballet recital is Saturday, don't forget. When are you coming home? I guess she's busy. Zoe, come say hello to your father... Do you want to talk to Zoe? Do you want to- Fine. Is it going ok? It's Lydia, your wife. Hello, Bob, it's me. I have to go, Adam's tormenting Zoe, I'll talk to you later. Are you going to be Ok? Why don't you just stay there, and you can have it everyday. Fine. Alright? What? Is there anything I can do? What are you talking about? It's just carpet. It's really hard to reach you... Did you get the carpet samples? I like the burgundy. Is this a bad time? Bob? Good-night. Ok, well... I love you. Well, that's good, I have to get the kids off for school. Can I call you in a little while? That sounds great can you hold on... What Zoe? Oh, yeah? I wish I had seen it. Hello, darling.Take them. My stockings. Mr. Kazuzo send Premium Fantasy. Do you like massage? Mr. Harris? Can I enter? Mr. Kazuzo sent me. Mr. Harris?Neither did I. I'll make it up to you, I promise... Have you ever heard of the Live Oak River? Yeah. I took it with me. It's in a safe place. I didn't know what to do - but I knew I had something somebody would want. That's where I met him - told him what I had. The FBI set me up with a new place...but the cops found me somehow. So I ran...and met you. I had it all on tape... I got out of there. I just grabbed up my stuff, and then I found it. Yeah...they did. One girl... I was there, and it was no suicide. He was killed by professionals. I was in the bathroom when it happened. Six months ago, a police lieutenant named Charles Fletcher was found dead in a hotel room - he blew his brains out - left no note, you may have heard of it... No. A witness. I had to get away! My life was in danger! I didn't. I figured you leave it well enough alone. You'll find out - soon enough. No. You know, you don't seem afraid of much either. How do you know I'm not going to try to rape you? Mind if I turn out the light? You're the mysterious type, right? You got any family? Where up north? So where are you from?Not with this... Screw him! We were fighting - I told him to let me out. So where are you headed? Are you serious? My boyfriend ditched me... Well, you saved me from a bad situation. Thanks. I admit this is...unusual. Where did you learn to fight like that? JIM I read a book. I'm stranded out here. Mind if I come along for the ride? You must be going somewhere. Where are you going?Well, for starters, we're going to honeymoon in Boca for a week. And then, when we get back, Morty's been talking about taking a stable, good paying job as a consultant for the JDL. What do you want me to do? He's...he's very nice. But Mrs. Carver, the fate of Hanukkah rests solely in his hands. Please, you have to help me. It's Esther. You two know each other? Mordechai! Mordechai! I forgive you. Mordechai, I love you. I couldn't let you do this alone. We do! No. It's not like that. You're being completely neurotic. I was just playing along... Relax Morty, I think your mom is wonderful. She cares so much about you. Get this, while you were gone she said she'd help me get you to work with the JDL if I'd come eat by you once in awhile. Like I needed any incentive to be with you. She's so... Your mother was right. You do work too hard. Kiss me you Semitic stud! Keep going. I want you to talk dirty to me. Mordechai? Maybe we should try a different kind of dancing. Oh! What!? I said, do you come here often!? Sure. Why not. So, now what? Yeah, no kidding. What are we going to do? We're at least an hour from the front. Any sign of Santa? I don't think I could eat another latke if you paid me. Mordechai, Santa Claus has been rubbed out by his son Damian. The man's a demon. There's no telling what this new anti semitic psycho Santa is capable of. Actually, his days of marital infidelity have long since past. Now he just shtoops my mother exclusively. My name is Esther. Chief Bloomenbergensteinenthal from the Jewish Defense League desperately needs to speak with you. Sorry I'm late. Traffic was a pisher, and I've been circling the block for the past half hour looking for parking. What are you listening to? Mr. Jefferson Carver?Well, I couldn't be happier for the both of you. He works too much. God forbid he should have a nice Jewish girl come eat by him once in a while. Take his mind off his work. Maybe a blowjob here and there. Hanukkah, Shmanukkah. It isn't even one of the high holidays. What concerns me more is that my boychick is almost thirty, and has yet to settle down with a nice Jewish girl. I'll make you a deal. I'll help you with your little Hanukkah problem if you help me with my Mordechai. You like my Mordechai, yes? From the story of Purim. Well, now that we're all acquainted, let's sit down and start the Sabbath. So. Do you have a name? What a good poop you made in your diaper Mazel Tov! That's right! Mommy loves you! Such a good boy you are! Hello Mazel Tov! A boojee boojee boojee boo... Mazel Tov! ...So you saved Hanukkah Mr. Big Shot. I mean, let's be honest Mordechai, it isn't even one of the high holidays. Well I'm just glad you're safe Bubba Shaina, and eating by your mother for Shabos. Let's let your tuchus breathe. Do what you must. I don't want to argue with you. Let's just eat in peace. You know my friend Maureen? Her son, the investment banker? He paid for her entire retirement in Boca Raton. What a mench he is. Instead of schleping to save Hanukkah, god forbid you should go back to business school and get an MBA. Maybe then you could send me to Boca, too. When I play bridge with all the girls, everyone has what to talk about with their sons. They show pictures. Their sons are lawyers and doctors and Rabbis. Why can't I show a picture? Mordechai. Do you love your mother? I can see. And you also brought a nice girl to come eat by us.Hah! Jewish guilt. Well, it won't work on me Hammer. I'm too strong for it. I don't have to tell you anything Hammer! You're gonna have to kill me before I tell you! In fact, he's just informed me that he personally plans on cancelling Christmas this year. I'm just calming the kiddies. There's no need to worry about Santa. He's just having a peaceful, adult conversation with his nice Jewish friend, The Hebrew Hammer. Whoa, whoa there. C'mon Mordechai, is this any way to treat an old family friend? Let's cut out all the unpleasantness. I admit, I went way overboard with the whole Hanukkah thing. Let me make it up to you. How about a peace offering? Girls. The Hebrew Hammer! You're alive. Excuse me? Do I know you, friend? Take a look around you. Do you even know who I am? Sorry folks, I don't do couples. No dipshit, I want you to kill him. What day is it? Resting? Take a look. What's going on? Why'd he stop? Get off of me you cripple! No. I'm airsick you asshole! Where the hell did these reindeer learn to fly? Thanks. Oh, did I tell you. I picked up that new KC and the Sunshine Band record that you recommended. You were right, it is good. I wasn't too over the top? So, how was I? Bootleg copies of the Frank Capra classic, 'It's A Wonderful Life.' Worse. Oh, that's the beauty of it. These are free samples. While I was in Taiwan negotiating the solution to our labor problems, I came across a factory that illegally manufactures the most addictive, Jewish pride weakening substance on the planet. I bought the entire plant.I understand that. I just thought that you might want to know. Yeah, I'm going to be out of the office from 1:30 to 3:00 on Sunday. I have a terrible yeast infection and I need to see my gynecologist. She said to remind you that you're having Shabat dinner by her tomorrow and also to remind you to bring the Manischewitz. Happy Hanukkah Morty.You want me to be nice to him for no apparent reason whatsoever, buy him clothing he'll never wear, and for just one day of the year pretend to forgive him for all the horrible things he did to me as a young boy when my mommy wasn't looking? It's Friday. Well, he's kinda just resting in the corner with his girlfriend. Maybe he ran out of ammo. What are we gonna do? He's got us on the ropes. I don't know. Why don't you ask them sir. You okay? No, it was the perfect level. It was good. Very chilling, but you still got all the points across that we talked about. That's some cold shit. So what's in the boxes? Heroin? Cocaine? What should I charge? So, what's our first plan of attack Santa?Then you better get in the water, before you get burned. Maybe on the outside. But inside, deep down, I've always been dripping with special sauces. Are you hungry? I was always too shy to admit how much I liked you. Oh, Teddy Bear, you're funny. I mean, what do you think? Well? Things change. Now I'm taking off my clothes...all by myself. Remember dress up day? You and Charlie lifting skirts during recess. Which you pulled, hard! You know...take the pictures? I have to admit, I am so totally turned on. We should do it. Now. I thought I'd be nervous, but you sure know how to make a girl feel relaxed, Teddy Bear. I turned eighteen over spring break. I'm eligible. Hi, Teddy Bear. Makes your shoulders look so big and broad. Great jacket, Teddy Bear. The answer is NEVER, Ted, NEVER. Except maybe in your dreams. You really don't get it, do you? I am genetically programmed to desire a big, buff, manly man who can defend and provide for me and my yet to be conceived offspring! It's, like, a caveman thing! Oh, Ted, DUH. I smile at everyone since I got my braces off. I don't LIKE you. We're JUST FRIENDS. Ted, have you lost your mind? Teddy? Would you please please please take me to the prom? If you don't have...I mean... And I was wondering. Well. The prom's coming up. You go first. Wouldn't it be awesome if we were about to say the exact same thing?Well? This is humiliating. We're being ejected from a prom! Ted! Do something! Teddy, I thought we were having a moment here. After graduation...maybe we could go away together? Teddy? I was thinking. Then remember, you are the heir to a billion dollar empire. You have a staff of literally thousands. Multiply everything you ever imagined by a million and you still can't even wrap your head around everything that is yours. ALL YOURS. Or do you have a taste for the good life, Ted? It's in your blood. And who IS Ted Nelson? Who exactly ARE you? Don't worry. He found the chocolate room. Hey, Ted. Wanna go shopping? That's me. I know. I'm Ginger. Miss April. Your father liked shifting. He said it brought him closer to the engine. "Like a woman, purring with ecstasy." It's your car. These are all your cars. The first time can be awkward. You just have to get on and try again. Now release the brake. And slide the stick into first gear. Want a lesson? You do know how to drive? They're in the ignition, silly.So here we are. Dead. But we never want you to want for anything. That is, we want you to have everything. Can you believe that was me? But we did want you. It's just that you don't always get to keep what you want. We knew you needed a real mom and dad. But don't worry...we'll be in heaven. The REAL heaven, I mean. Not that heaven is an actual place, but more like a state of being. Or not being. Who knows. Maybe we know now. Oh, sweetheart! We wish we could be right there to hug the living daylights out of you!But how can you respect yourself if you don't? I understand. Your parents would be crushed to think you weren't happy with it. Giving you up was the most unselfish thing they ever did. When they founded "Heaven," they wished they could take you back but it was too late. All they could do was build the empire, knowing that someday it would all be yours. They kept this scrapbook of your life. It meant the world to them. Your parents never wanted to interfere with your life, Ted. They knew your Mom and Dad loved you very much. They knew they did the right thing. But that doesn't mean they didn't watch you and miss you, from afar. It's a little more serious than that, Bill. The stockholders have requested a meeting. They want our guarantee that this will never happen again. Some of them are even calling for Ted's resignation. We'll send you the release forms, Ted. Our staffers will help in any way they can. I'm Helen McDole. Your father's executive secretary.Not bad for a hack. He has a future in yellow journalism. That explains the emptiness that haunts me. New Hushpuppies don't make a new man. What gives, Don Corleone? You better. Let your fingers do the walking. I know where you can find an excellent editor-in-chief. Planet Ted. Five years from now. What's happening? I know where you can find any number of naked girls who'd love to hop on board. Very ambitious. I like that. I'm not going anywhere, Ted. You're the one with the champagne wishes and caviar dreams. Keeping your word is something I can actually respect, Ted. You think you're working with chimps here? Which explains the continued success of "Heaven" for how many decades? You're telling me you don't get aroused by a roomful of naked breasts. I mean your pictorial. It bothers me, profoundly. I have to be honest with you, Ted. I really despise "The Girls of Xenia." That's hard to believe. Maybe someday. Trust is something you earn, over time. You don't just inherit it overnight like a gazillion dollar empire. Not a chance. You lose trust in someone and it's over, done, gone, forever. You live and learn. I realized the most important thing to me, above all, is trust. I had a Portuguese boyfriend who could read the phone book and melt me. Sounds, voices, music, humming. All of it can turn me on, or off, like a switch. I'm very aural. That's refreshingly deviant. Wearing them? Or humping them? I figured you for more of a hairy armpit guy. My desire betrays me, like goosebumps on my flesh. I'm trembling with excitement. Amen to that. You expected whips, chains, Merk being cattle-prodded by some dominatrix in a leather hood? I got an anonymous tip and an address in Cincinnati. Well? Where the hell are you? A good journalist can take lemons and make lemonade. I'm honing my craft. You forget, I dislike YOU at least as much as him. That's two words. And I'm out of the "exposed" business, remember? I need to graduate. Besides, Merk's a boy scout. Cut to the chase, William Randolph. Your audience is way ahead of you. But you never do. I know. Then you'll see who's really holding on to you. Eventually you'll let go. It's incredibly simple. A father is nothing but sperm, Ted. It takes a real man to be a dad. Your dad taught you everything. The ozone must be fully depleted on Planet Ted. I doubt it. He phoned it in. Not "whatever." It's two different things. He didn't. He had it built. To the best hiding place in the world. Put your eyeballs back in your head, William Randolph. I'm on assignment. A girl has to fit in. You've got enough people kissing your ass. Second only to unbridled, narcissistic conceit. You're so twitterpated you don't even see the miner's hat and the pickax. And this is not my first time on a private jet, so quit acting like I'm Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm. I bet there are lots and lots of mirrors on Planet Ted. Undoubtedly an aristocratic bartender of some sort. I did my homework. Your grandfather was a peach farmer. Life must be peachy on Planet Ted. Is this an gritty expos or a candy ass press release? She said peanuts, you cretin. Interesting. I see. So more like a tight rope walker who secretly wants to be a trapeze artist. Could everybody else tell you were different, or were you the only one who knew? Different how? Different like a dwarf at a basketball game? Or different like a lesbian in pumps? "Local boy inherits more money than god." Call me crazy, but I smell human interest. Then I'll write about YOU. I'm still better than you. Nothing changed except the decimal point in your savings account. Just because someone died and made you king of the publishing world doesn't mean you're even one ounce smarter than you were a week ago. Ah ha! It was so well hidden, you didn't even know it was there. In what sense? What is it, William Randolph? Your balls need scratching? A few billion bucks and suddenly he's Cro-Magnon Man of the Year. It was for your own good, in a twisted sort of publicly humiliating way. I tried to warn you, William Randolph. She's got stiletto heels hidden in those Keds. --Do it. I triple-dog-dare you. Go ahead. Ask her to the prom. Get it over with. I didn't know they gave them for Best Lip Gloss Retention During a Blow Job. Don't even tell me you're hot for Miss Titty Pom Poms over there. Is it true? Is ignorance bliss? Let me guess: retail sales of little chocolate sprinkles have gone through the roof! So, William Randolph. Your last big scoop contrasted the popularity of Rice Crispie Treats and chocolate Snickerdoodles at the annual bake sale.We want you to go to college, find a career you love, marry a nice girl from a nice family, and live happily ever after. We miss our family. We're not ashamed of you, Teddy. We don't approve of the magazine or the models or the so-called "flesh parties" you attend. But we can get past all that. Don't you see how your self involvement and lack of humility are affecting the whole family? You have to understand. This was a big shock, for all of us. One minute you're our little boy, of whom we could not be more proud. The next minute you're the owner of this whole pornographic empire. We wanted you and Jimmy to have it someday. Something real and honest. Oh, honey. We can't accept this extravagance. Sweetheart, what is it? We can't accept it. It's much too expensive. Right, dear? We have a truckload of strawberries arriving on Tuesday morning. Don't say "shit," honey. Use the strong vocabulary God gave you. Oh, Teddy. We missed you so much. But who would run the store? Like what? Oh. Goodness. But how would we pay our bills? You promise you'll finish school? Oh, good lord. Are those Neptunes? Everything is lovely, Ted, but much too expensive. What is all this? When are you coming home? Save it, honey. We want to hear every detail when you get back, but we don't want you to run up Mr. Zukerman's phone bill. Did you have a nice flight? Are they taking good care of you? What about Charlie? You boys could make it a little adventure. That's part of growing up, honey. No cursing in this house, young man. Use the strong vocabulary God gave you.