EARL	m	I'm thinkin', when Not-Guilty- Two gets to four thousand miles, that's two cars ready, that's enough to start the airport runs... (then, realizing) You gettin' any of this, Mr. Haller? Not this morning. Mick watches the rain without seeing it.
MICK	m	Just keep your speed up, Earl. Earl kicks it, passes cars... Mick takes a FILE from a stack beside him. Also laptop, cell- phone rack: His back seat is his rolling office. Opens the file. Top sheet: THE PEOPLE OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA v. LOUIS ROULET.
MICK	m	Earl-- buds. A command. Earl puts in earbuds, Rap cuts out. Into cell--
MICK	m	This is Haller.
MICK	m	On my way to Lancaster for a calendar call. Why, have you got something?
VAL'S VOICE	m	I mean it, this guy could be money. But he goes before the judge at eleven.
MICK	m	Van Nuys by eleven could be hard--
VAL'S VOICE	m	But this client, listen Mick, his mother's lawyer just waltzed in
MICK	m	He's already got a lawyer?--
VAL'S VOICE	m	Strictly real-estate, doesn't know his ass about criminal. Will you listen?
VAL'S VOICE	m	Guy waltzes in, ready to put up the family's beach house in Malibu against the million in bail...
MICK	m	A million? What'd they book him on?
VAL'S VOICE	m	He picked up a girl last night-- Whatever went down she ended up pretty bad. Cops want Aggravated Assault with G.B.I.--
MICK	m	Has the D.A. filed yet?
VAL'S VOICE	m	No. See? I'm giving you ground floor. So make it work for me, Mick. Don't let him use the house, get him to go for my bond-- Meanwhile the Lincoln's approaching the Lancaster courthouse, there are cars, people-- a traffic jam. To Earl--
MICK	m	Bring me around to the employee's gate, I'll talk my way in. (into cell, writes) I'm at the courthouse. Give me the name.
VAL'S VOICE	m	That would be Louis Roulet... R-O-U-L-E-T, like the wheel.
MICK	m	That's not how you spell the wheel but I got it, thanks.
VAL'S VOICE	m	Remember: I steered him to you.
MICK	m	You're on my Christmas list, Val. Lincoln swings abruptly to a steel gate. "EMPLOYEES."
MICK	m	Harold. Hard Case. Don't hide from your lawyer, Harold, you know what I want to talk about. Caught, Harold slouches towards him.
MICK	m	Listen. when the judge comes in he's going to want to know if we're ready for trial...
HAROLD	m	We are.
MICK	m	We're not and you know why not. You haven't paid me. Rule one, remember Rule one, Harold? I get paid or I don't work.
HAROLD	m	Don't worry, I have your money...
MICK	m	Right, you have my money, I don't.
HAROLD	m	It's coming. I talked to my boys.
MICK	m	Harold-- I looked at the list of people I trust, and you know what? You're not on it.
HAROLD	m	The law says you can't just quit. The Judge won't let you. I looked it up. Mick's about to react to this jailhouse lawyering-- when a hush falls, and the JUDGE comes out: ORTON POWELL, 60...
MICK	m	Pay close attention, Harold. Goes to his seat...
MICK	m	Mickey Haller for the defense, your honor. If I may, I'd like to carry this over.
JUDGE ORTON	m	Do you have a reason, Mr. Haller?
MICK	m	I'm having trouble locating a witness, your honor. An indispensable witness. A Mr. Green. With emphasis. A look goes between the Judge and Mick. Meantime Harold stares from the pen. The Judge, to Mick--
JUDGE ORTON	m	How much time do you need? Would a week be enough?
MICK	m	I hope so, your honor. As your honor knows, Mr. Green can be hard to track down. A look of understanding. Judge nods--
JUDGE ORTON	m	I'm holding this over pending notification from counsel... Then gavels down, for the next case-- As Casey's led off, Mick joins him along the rail-- He hisses--
HAROLD	m	That was bullshit, askin' for a delay-- I know what that was about.
MICK	m	And so does Judge Powell. He spent a lot of years as a defense lawyer, so he knows all about having to chase "Mr. Green," and he doesn't look kindly on defendants who don't pay their attorneys. Now do you get it, Harold? Casey won't look him in the eye-- RAP MUSIC IN AGAIN, TUPAC'S
MICK	m	This is Haller.
LORNA'S VOICE	m	And this is your office.
MICK	m	Actually I'm in my office. On my way to court in Van Nuys.
LORNA	f	That means Val reached you about his customer.
MICK	m	Oh yeah: "This is the franchise, Mick." According to Valenzuela every case is "the franchise." I'd have paid my mortgage ten times over by now--
LORNA	f	It could be he's right. I ran the name, the family's got a real estate business in Beverly Hills. The Times has them down for some big house sales, movie-star dollars...
MICK	m	Sounds like the media might be interested. Call Sticks, tell him to show up. Any other calls?
LORNA	f	A couple of DUI's, I quoted them the house number. That's it, you're free after Roulet.
MICK	m	Good. Then I can go to County lock- up. Under which Mick sees Earl indicate something on the road... while Lorna reacts to what Mick said, exasperated...
LORNA	f	You're going to see Gloria. Why do you waste time on her, Mickey? Mick sees where Earl's pointing: SQUAD OF MOTORCYCLES, HARLEYS, IN THE SIDE-VIEW MIRRORS... They pull up alongside: gang jackets, black leather vests... Big guys...
EARL	m	Want me to do somethin' about this? 'Cause I can.
MICK	m	Ignore them, you're doing fine. FACE OF THE LEADER OF THE MOTORCYCLES, leers at Mick through window, as Mick ignores, answers Lorna re "Gloria":
MICK	m	What can I say, Lorn, I've got a soft spot for redheads. Why do you think I married you?
LORNA	f	The divorce papers called it temporary insanity.
MICK	m	Lucky for you there was a cure. When-- Earl interrupts, insistent now--
EARL	m	Mr. Haller? Calling his attention to-- THE MOTORCYCLES HAVE PULLED IN FRONT. The leader signals Earl to pull off. Mick sees they're surrounded. Shit.
EDDIE	m	Counsellor, how's it hanging?
MICK	m	Fine, Eddie, how's it with you?
EDDIE	m	Hard Case called me from the pen, he said I might catch up to you. Said you're stalling his case til you see more green, is that right?
MICK	m	If you want me to work you've gat to pay me.
EDDIE	m	We paid you. Five thousand.
MICK	m	That's long gone. I could tell you half went to the aerial-photo expert. He's going to blow the state's case by showing that the DEA violated the air space over Harold's farm by flying too low... but you don't need to know that. All you need to know is, we had a deal. Time to refill the tank. Eddie smiles. Taps the side of the Lincoln.
EDDIE	m	Sure, gas-guzzler like this. I heard you got three more. What's one man need with four Lincolns?
EDDIE	m	What? You want another five grand?
MICK	m	Ten. I'm flying the guy in from Kodak in New York, he wants business class...
EDDIE	m	And I want Harold back on the farm. He's the best farmer we got, if you know what I mean...
MICK	m	I don't. And I don't want to. Either pay me my money or go with the Public Defender the judge finds you. Of course he won't know much about air space, but--
EDDIE	m	Keep your shirt on, Counsellor. We want you. He reaches into a vest with his big hand. Thick envelope. Mick takes it. Starts to count, and realizes:
MICK	m	You had the whole ten ready. What if you'd backed me down to five?
EDDIE	m	This vest got lots of pocket. Eddie taps another pocket and GRINS. one tooth missing.
MICK	m	Louis Roulet? LOUIS turns: the proverbial deer-in-the-headlights: Scared.
MICK	m	My name is Michael Haller. I had a call.
LOUIS	m	Yes-- Mr. Haller-- Mick stands behind a painted line three feet from the cell. Signals Louis to come to the bars to talk. Louis approaches,
LOUIS	m	I-- called you because I need
MICK	m	You want me to represent you for your first appearance. I get twenty- five hundred for that. We can work out what comes next.
LOUIS	m	Thank you-- This is a set-up, Mr. Haller-- I made a mistake with that woman, she was setting me up--
MICK	m	Keep your voice down. And don't say anything about the case, not til I've got you out on bail. Okay? Mick's voice, as always, is easy and calm. Louis nods.
MICK	m	I understand your family lawyer's in court?
LOUIS	m	That's him. Cecil Dobbs. Points to-- DOBBS, balding dignified WASP, a few rows in.
MICK	m	Is he ready to post bail?
LOUIS	m	He'll do whatever he has to. Mick nods, noting the tinge of desperation in Louis's voice. Takes out a notebook...
MICK	m	Okay, tell me about yourself. How old are you?
LOUIS	m	Thirty-two...
MICK	m	Ties to the community? You grow up here, go to school?
LOUIS	m	Both. Beverly Hills, UCLA. I work for my mother's business...
MICK	m	"Windsor Estates?"
LOUIS	m	It's named for her second husband.
MICK	m	How much did you make last year? (when Louis hesitates) If I'm going to get you out I need to know everything.
LOUIS	m	My taxes last year said four hundred thousand. Just then, the White Junkie lurches forward towards Mick--
JUNKIE	m	I want a lawyer too, you got a card?
MICK	m	They'll have one for you out there. I need you to back up and leave us alone. Can you do that, pal? Junkie backs off, does just what Mick says. Impressing Louis. Then Mick, low-voiced--
MICK	m	Listen. They've put some heavy charges on you. The DA will probably ask for No-Bail...
LOUIS	m	No bail? Frightened voice, the others react, Mick hushes him, and...
MICK	m	I said they're going to ask it. When was the last time you were arrested?
LOUIS	m	Never.
MICK	m	So if I checked your record--
LOUIS	m	--you'd find parking tickets. Mick looks briefly into the younger man's eyes-- he's scared, fragile -- but sincere. He sputters--
LOUIS	m	This whole thing is--
MICK	m	We're not talking about the case, remember? Not even to the judge.
LOUIS	m	Don't I even say "Not guilty?"
MICK	m	Today's about setting arraignment, period. You say nothing.
LOUIS	m	Are you going to get me out?
MICK	m	I'm gonna try, Louis. One more thing: There are lots of lawyers. Why pick me?
LOUIS	m	I.. remembered your name from some case in the papers...
MICK	m	What case?
LOUIS	m	A drug case, I don't know.
MICK	m	You remember the name or anything?
LOUIS	m	No-- but you got the evidence thrown out against some guy-- Does it matter? (when Mick hesitates) I need your help, Mr. Haller. Off Mick, GO TO,
MICK	m	Are you the prosecutor who used to have the Roulet case? She starts to smile-- until his emphasis registers.
MAGGIE	f	Don't tell me. Son of a bitch, Haller.
MICK	m	Rules are rules.
MAGGIE	f	I wanted this one... Alright I'll go quietly. But after today's hearing, if you don't object.
MICK	m	Depends. You going for no-bail?
MAGGIE	f	That won't change with the prosecutor. Not with what your guy did. With which she shows him the photo: gruesome.
MICK	m	If he did it.
MAGGIE	f	Sure. "If." They only picked him up in her home with blood all over him, but it's a valid question...
MICK	m	I love it when you're sarcastic. Can I at least see the arrest report?
MAGGIE	f	Get it from whoever takes over. No favors on this one.
MICK	m	How's Hayley? A beat. Off the sudden shift in topic, Maggie starts putting away the things on her desk...
MAGGIE	f	She's good. She likes the things you send her but would rather you show up yourself...
MICK	m	How about this weekend? This takes her by surprise. But she takes him up on it.
MAGGIE	f	Okay, I'll tell Hayley. Tonight. Only Mick-- don't cancel on her.
MICK	m	Judge, there is no way the state can claim my client is a flight
MAGGIE	f	With resources like this man has, it's always a risk-- let alone the fact that the victim was brutally
JUDGE	m	Ms. McPherson, the extent of her injuries are not the point. I'm setting bail at a million dollars... Mick wins, Maggie loses. Exchange glances--
VAL	f	What'd I tell you, Mick, we got us a franchise...
MICK	m	We'll see, Val...
VAL	f	There's the lawyer-guy, you get him to go for the cash-bond... MOVING from Val, Mick HEADS DOWN THE HALL, through the BUSY CRUSH of attorneys, clients, spectators to-- DOBBS, waiting.
MICK	m	Cecil Dobbs?
DOBBS	m	Mr. Haller. (They shake hands.) It was depressing to see the boy caught up in that cattle call...
MICK	m	Boy?
DOBBS	m	I've represented the family so long I think of Louis that way.
MICK	m	He did look a little frail. My advice is, let Mr. Valenzuela fix you up with a bond and take "the boy" home.
DOBBS	m	A bond? But Mrs. Windsor was thinking of putting up property...
MICK	m	No good. Assessing it will take days. By then Louis might be carrying somebody's child. (before Dobbs can argue) So just tap Val for the bond, spring Louis, and take him to your office. We'll meet there at Four. And heads off again. Dobbs follows him out, to...
MICK	m	Yep. Media's already picked us up.
DOBBS	m	Mrs. Windsor's sensitive about the press... Mick, a beat. Then calls the cameraman over. When he comes--
MICK	m	I saw you in there filming. What's your name?
CAMERAMAN	m	Rob Gillen. They call me "Sticks."
MICK	m	You freelancing on this, Sticks?
STICKS	m	Your client's got profile, I figure I can sell it to local news.
MICK	m	How much?
STICKS	m	'Scuse me?
MICK	m	How much will they pay you for what you shot today?
STICKS	m	That depends. Seven, seven-fifty.
MICK	m	Suppose we take it off your hands for eight. Sticks hesitates, like it's not the legit thing to do.
MICK	m	Or do we make it a thousand.
MICK	m	I can expense this, right?
DOS	m	Of course. Absolutely. Sticks takes the money, goes. Dobbs, impressed, beaming now--
DOBBS	m	I'll admit, Mr. Haller, you weren't my choice. You were Louis's. Frankly I'd never heard of you. But maybe I should have. Seems to me I've underestimated you.
MICK	m	Then let's talk about my fees. (before Dobbs can reply) I'll need a hundred thousand up front. Working off five-fifty an hour, it'll come to another hundred thousand if we go to trial. That's estimating the trial at a week. Appeals, we start over. Mick's Lincoln pulls up smoothly to fetch him at the curb. Mick, hand on the door--
MICK	m	I take it that's not a problem. Reaction Dobbs-- hesitates but has no choice. MICK GETS IN, we GLIMPSE THE LINCOLN'S LICENSE PLATE: NT GLTY 2-- CUT TO,
LORNA'S VOICE	m	How'd it go, Mickey? We get the case?
MICK	m	(into his cell) We've got it if we want it. I'd still like to know the state's case, what they've got on him...
LORNA'S VOICE	m	What's the difference? 'Course we want the case... Mick says nothing. Gaze out the window. Then...
MICK	m	I've got an hour til he's released. Til then I'll be at county. With Gloria. (before she says anything) Any calls?
LORNA'S VOICE	m	Only Sticks. He says he owes you five hundred next time he sees you.
MICK	m	Yeah he does.
GLORIA	f	Mickey Mantle. You're going to bat for me again? GLORIA, redhead, 27 but good looks already fading-- greets
MICK	m	You don't even know who the Mick was. You don't look good, Gloria.
GLORIA	f	Thanks. For coming, not for the compliment. Mick's already paging through her arrest-sheet, sees...
MICK	m	Something new for you, getting booked on possession of coke, along with the usual.
GLORIA	f	Dumb, I know. A guy paid me with it, I had it on me when I went to my next.
MICK	m	And your next was a cop.
GLORIA	f	Can't you get me into one of those rehab places where they get you straight?
MICK	m	We did a pre-trial rehab, last time. The D.A. won't go for it again. You may have to do some jail here.
GLORIA	f	I can't.
MICK	m	Yeah you can. They've got programs in jail, too. Look, you've had a long run. Maybe after this you can finally get out of the life.
GLORIA	f	And do what? Have kids and plant flowers? Look at me. Mick doesn't have an answer. Opens a notebook, gets to work.
MICK	m	Okay, tell me what happened.
GLORIA	f	I did a guy at the Travel Lodge on Santa Monica...
MICK	m	The one who paid you coke instead of money?
GLORIA	f	He had a shitload in there. I saw. Which gets Mick's attention. His wheels suddenly turning...
MICK	m	Do you know who he was?
GLORIA	f	No. He reached me on my website. He was Mexican or something.
MICK	m	(writes, likes this--) Did you screen him?
GLORIA	f	Don't I screen 'em all?
MICK	m	off what, his driver's license?
GLORIA	f	No, his passport. I think his name was, Hector, or--
MICK	m	Hector what? Last name. Think.
MICK	m	Moya. Hector "Arrande" Moya is what you get if you run a trace. He's Colombian, a fugitive from a Grand Jury indictment down in Florida. The DEA wants him for drug trafficking. The D.A.'s LESLIE FAIRE: a woman, well-dressed, humorless.
MICK	m	Leslie? They want him a lot.
LESLIE FAIRE	f	And your girl's looking to trade?
MICK	m	She'll give you his motel and room number.
LESLIE FAIRE	f	She'll also have to testify on the coke.
MICK	m	That's a No. Location only. Your guys take it from there. My investigator says Hector hasn't checked out yet.
LESLIE FAIRE	f	(as she weighs it) What's she want in exchange?
MICK	m	You drop charges, and all she does is a Pre-trial Rehabilitation. The facility at USC-Med would be nice. (when she hesitates) Or do I take this straight to the Feds? Which, though veiled, is a threat. Leslie hates this.
MICK	m	Mrs. Windsor, this is Raul Levin. Mr. Levin's my investigator. Accepting this, everyone takes their place at the long, blonde-wood conference table. Mick can't help run his hand over the surface, everything's a contrast to his own on-the- fly office... Dobbs, to Mrs. Windsor...
DOBBS	m	Mrs. Windsor, I can't commend Mr. Haller highly enough for his performance in court this morning. Mary Windsor nods, provisionally pleased.
MARY WINDSOR	f	I have a check for you, Mr. Haller. And slides it towards him in an envelope. Mick, tries not to seem too much in a hurry as he glances inside-- ANGLE, we glimpse the amount, the zeroes... $100,000... BUT:
MICK	m	I'm going to need that to come from your son, Mrs. Windsor. (slides it back to her) You can give him the money so he can write the check. But I want the check to come from Louis. He's my client and that's got to be clear from the start. No offense.
MICK	m	Thank you. I'll expect you to support your son through this in other ways. If you're willing.
MARY WINDSOR	f	Don't be silly. I'll back my son come hell or high water. These ridiculous charges. That ridiculous woman.
MICK	m	It's good to know you'll be there when we need you.
MARY WINDSOR	f	But not now, is that it?
MICK	m	We'll be going over the case. The D.A. could make you testify about what you hear. Attorney privilege doesn't cover you. Mary Windsor's motionless a moment. Rather than respond, she simply rises. To Louis--
MARY WINDSOR	f	I will see you at dinner. And goes. Dobbs gets the door for her. When she's gone:
LOUIS	m	My mother built a good business. From the ground up.
MICK	m	I've got no trouble believing that. (after a beat) I say we get started. All agree, they sit, Mick starts up--
MICK	m	Our first choice is whether we waive our right to a speedy trial.
LOUIS	m	No. I want this behind me.
MICK	m	You sure? You can stretch things out, enjoy your freedom. Most clients...
LOUIS	m	Guilty clients, you mean. I want this over. Mick's struck by how firm.
MICK	m	Fine. We go to trial right away. Puts more pressure on the D.A.
DOBBS	m	Or maybe the case never even goes to trial. (They look at him.) Our firm's clout is considerable. Pressure can be brought to bear--
LOUIS	m	There won't be any negotiating. (before Mick can speak) No plea bargain, no nothing. I'm not going to jail for something I didn't do.
MICK	m	It might not be jail.
LOUIS	m	Even if I walk. I'm innocent and if there's a trial I want to get on the stand and tell the jury I'm innocent. If that's a problem we can part company right now. Mick looks at the young man. Evaluating. Then...
MICK	m	Time to tell me what happened. Louis. Removes his Ray-Bans. SUDDENLY:
MICK	m	Raul, what's the file say about the girl?
RAUL	m	(reads-- Chicago accent) Regina Campo, goes by "Reggie." Twenty six. An actress and a telephone solicitor.
DOBBS	m	And hoping to retire. Soon as she sues my client.
MICK	m	(ignores Dobbs; to Louis) Did you know her before last night?
LOUIS	m	I didn't keep the napkin. I work in real estate, I remember addresses.
MICK	m	Raul. Check that file you've got and see if the Police report has any of this. While Raul looks, Mick explains to Louis and Dobbs, can't hide some professional pride in Raul Levin's work--
MICK	m	Raul's already worked us a little miracle. He's managed to score a copy of the discovery file, everything the D.A.'s got. They'd have to turn it over eventually but it could have been weeks. Under which, Raul's checked the blue file, and...
RAUL	m	Nope. They don't have the other guy. They don't even have the bar.
MICK	m	All they've got is, Louis shows up and beats the crap out of her?
RAUL	m	That's it.
LOUIS	m	That is such bullshit--
MICK	m	Just keep telling me.
LOUIS	m	I waited til the guy came out.
MICK	m	What was what?
LOUIS	m	She hit me with something and I went down. It got black fast. SUDDEN POP TO, LOUIS STRUCK FROM BEHIND... Blacking out as he tumbles... BACK TO,
MICK	m	Okay then. What do you remember next?
LOUIS	m	Waking up with two guys sitting on me. Holding me down.
RAUL	m	Police report has them, homosexual couple from down the hall...
LOUIS	m	Like I said. Faggots. To which Raul says nothing. After a beat--
MICK	m	Go on, Louis.
LOUIS	m	I was still foggy when the cops came...
REGGIE	m	.he was like an animal! He said he'd rape me and kill me... then rape me again when I was dead... Louis looks around at his left hand in a plastic ba Bloody.
MICK	m	Set it up how?
LOUIS	m	Put blood on my hand. My left hand. But I'm right-handed, I'd use my right if I was going to... punch someone. Which is crazy. Louis mimes throwing a punch, in the air. Inept.
DOBBS	m	Louis never hit anyone in his life.
RAUL	m	What she did made sense. It's the right side of her face that was hit, she had to bloody your left.
MICK	m	Louis: You said she opened the door a crack. Did you see her face?
LOUIS	m	Not all of it...
RAUL	m	She already had the injuries, on the right. She was hiding it from him when he steps in...
MICK	m	And then she clocks him?
LOUIS	m	Yes.
MICK	m	So our case is, she beat herself up? Mick takes the file, takes the 8xl0s, REGGIE'S PULPED FACE...
MICK	m	We're saying, she pounded her face into hamburger meat, or had her boyfriend do it, hoping some far- off day a jury would give her a big fat reward?
LOUIS	m	She must have.
DOBBS	m	Of course. She saw his Porsche, his Rolex, it's known the family has money... I'll wager she's already filed in civil court. Mick. Thinks. Then, to Raul--
MICK	m	Okay, the police report. Let's hear how Reggie tells it.
LOUIS	m	This isn't my knife.
MICK	m	Raul, are his prints on there?
RAUL	m	That's what the report says. I'm not surprised, if she put blood on his hands she's gonna put prints on his knife...
LOUIS	m	I told you, it's not "my" knife! Mick ignores, still intent on Raul's reading...
MICK	m	Okay, how's she say he went down?
RAUL	m	"As Ms. Campo entered the hallway, she pushed the intruder backwards into a large floor vase..."
LOUIS	m	Those are all lies, this is bull--
MICK	m	If everything she said is a lie, this will be the easiest case ever. I'll tear her apart and throw her entrails into the sea. But Louis... (He moves closer, for:) You swear it's all lies? Is there anything you aren't telling me? Mick's eyes burn into him. Louis answers simply.
LOUIS	m	Nothing. Mick holds him in a long, hard, assessing stare. Over which, eventually, we PRE-LAP--
MICK	m	.it's just quirky enough. Mick and Raul coming out, after having a few. It's a lawyers' hangout at this hour, others are coming/going...
RAUL	m	Quirky enough for what?
MICK	m	To be true. Maybe it went down just like he says. (off Raul's look) Anyway there's a. chance. In a party of law-types, we GLIMPSE MAGGIE, who catches sight of Mick in the doorway... while Raul mulls what Mick said...
RAUL	m	An innocent client. Jeezus.
MICK	m	Yeah. But you know what my father said about innocent clients... Maggie's overheard this, gives the answer.
MAGGIE	f	He said there's no client as scary as an innocent man. Mick, seeing her, smiles and continues, a little tipsy...
MICK	m	That's right. Because if you screw up and he goes to prison, it scars you for life. There's only one verdict. You've got to put an N.G. on the board. Hey Mags. She reads the state he's in.
MAGGIE	f	Raul, if you let a man drive in his condition I think I can charge you both. The guys look at each other. Maggie swipes the keys--
MAGGIE	f	I'll drive him to his house.
RAUL	m	And how will you get home?
MAGGIE	f	My friends brought me. I'll keep the car, he can pick it up at my place in the morning. Get in. And she gets in the driver's side, waits. Mick to Raul--
MICK	m	Okay, you know the moves. Make the rounds, check out Morgan's Bar...
RAUL	m	And Mr. Corvette...
MICK	m	And Regina Campo. The way Louis says she came on's got me wondering. Mick gets in and closes the door. As Maggie starts it up and pulls away, and we SEE the "NT GLTY" PLATES again... go to...
TUPAC	m	"God bless the dead and buried nigga, Don't worry if you see God first, Tell him shit got worse..."
MAGGIE	f	You've got to be kidding me.
MICK	m	Earl lays this stuff on me.
MAGGIE	f	Where is Earl tonight?
MICK	m	I never keep him this late.
MAGGIE	f	Hasn't he worked your fee off yet?
MICK	m	A while ago. But he likes driving, keeps him out of trouble... He's taking courses, too, in music.
MAGGIE	f	You can't tell by this stuff. She snaps the rap OFF.
MICK	m	You get used to it. Besides, Tupac, he helps me understand my clients. Most of them go to school on his
MAGGIE	f	Not Roulet.
MICK	m	Not Louis, no. Louis is my franchise player, he pays for all the rest... After a beat... Office gossip...
MAGGIE	f	I heard Smithson assigned Ted Minton to your case.
MICK	m	Never heard of him.
MAGGIE	f	He's brand new. Bright, though. Smithson's protegee. Naturally. Georgetown, buys his suits at Brooks, above all he's a guy... Mick looks over at her, as she flares, calms... Moonlight lines her profile. Made self-conscious by his watching her, she moves her hair from her face. Beyond pretty: Beautiful.
MICK	m	Lorna made me my schedule. Saturday's fine to take Hayley.
MAGGIE	f	Saturday there's the Sponge-Bob movie...
MICK	m	I'm all over it. How's she doing?
MAGGIE	f	I'll know when I drop you and get home to relieve the sitter... (catches him looking) What?
MICK	m	Moonlight becomes you.
MAGGIE	f	That's not doing me any good, Haller.
MICK	m	Thanks. She nods You're welcome. And pulls away. Mick's smile fades as he looks up at his dark lonely house.
MICK	m	Me too, baby. Then Mick hits "Play" again. BEEP.
DARIUS	m	The day I get my sentence?
JUDGE FLYNN	m	That too. But it's also St. Patrick's Day. A day to revel in your Irish heritage. Darius doesn't get Flynn's joke. Mick cautions Darius, low--
MICK	m	He's an asshole but just be cool. Darius scowls... under which Mick notices that RAUL has showed up, is trying to get his attention... while...
JUDGE FLYNN	m	Do you know the origin of your name, Mr. McGinley?
DARIUS	m	Slave-holder, I 'spect. Why do I care who that motherfucka be?
MICK	m	Darius I told you--
DARIUS	m	The man's dissin' me!
JUDGE FLYNN	m	Alright: If you don't care about your name, then I don't.
MICK	m	What couldn't wait, Raul?
RAUL	m	(brightens a little) Wanna see a movie?
RAUL'S VOICE	m	We caught a break. The owner had a camera installed to watch his register after he caught the help dipping in last year...
MICK'S VOICE	m	And here comes Louis. Said as LOUIS enters frame, sits. MOS, orders a drink. We're:
RAUL	m	I had the tape transferred to disc, so I could manipulate, y'know... Raul starts to ZOOM... Shows Mick, on the SCREEN...
RAUL	m	I'd like you to meet Reggie Campo.
RAUL'S VOICE	m	And Mr. X. The Corvette-man.
MICK'S VOICE	m	Are you sure?
RAUL'S VOICE	m	Wouldn't have popped a grand for the tape if I wasn't. Now watch... STARTS PLAYING IMAGE AGAIN, widen to full shot. as it reaches 8:40, 41, 42...43. Then... Here. Mr. X gets up, with pack of cigarettes, goes...
MICK'S VOICE	m	I know the place. They got a smoking porch out front.
RAUL'S VOICE	m	That's where he goese. Giving Reggie her chance. Watch her. She passes behind Louis, trails her hand along his shoulders... keeps going out of frame...
RAUL'S VOICE	m	Whoa, wait, she just went to the little girls'. But she's gotta come back, no? And NOW HE FAST-FORWARDS TAPE AGAIN... And this time she stops by Louis, speaks into his ear, presses her body against him... Louis nods, takes something from her... Reggie kisses his cheek quickly, continues on... Rejoins X at the bar.
MICK	m	(takes it in, excited) Do the cops have this?
RAUL	m	How can they? I got the one and only. It ain't a copy.
MICK	m	You're exceedingly beautiful.
RAUL	m	Wait. (speeds the tape again) .Reggie and X decide to split...
RAUL'S VOICE	m	Check out his hand, his watch.
MICK'S VOICE	m	It's on his left. That's no good...
MICK	m	It means he's right-handed. But the facial blows were from the left...
RAUL	m	Slow down. You said you knew Morgan's. So you oughta realize... (as Mick stares) This image is in the mirror over the bar. That's how the owner set the camera to watch his register.
MICK	m	So everything's backwards...
RAUL	m	And X punches with his left.
MICK	m	I told you you were beautiful. Anything else?
RAUL	m	Yeah. But it's not on the tape. You know how you were wondering about Regina?
MICK	m	Yeah? Raul just looks at him. Off Mick,
MICK	m	Mickey Haller. Here to see Louis.
ROBIN	m	Mr. Roulet is with someone. He can't be disturbed. It's like he doesn't hear her-- walks calmly past her-- to -- THE DOOR TO LOUIS ROULET'S OFFICE- Mick ENTERS, finds Louis with his loafers off, on the couch with his cell-phone cradled to his ear. Robin chases behind...
ROBIN	m	I'm sorry, Mr. Roulet, this man just came back here--
LOUIS	m	It's okay, Robin. You can go. Robin exits. Louis mutters an apology into his cell-phone and rings off. Looks annoyed at Mick.
LOUIS	m	I was setting up a showing.
MICK	m	There won't be any showings in Pelican Bay.
LOUIS	m	Where's that?
MICK	m	It's a supermax prison where they send violent sex offenders. You'll fit in real good in your loafers.
LOUIS	m	What's the matter?
MICK	m	You lied to me, Louis. I'm about to go and see the new prosecutor, who's doing everything he can to put you away, and now I find out you've been lying. (before Louis can deny) Tell me about Reggie Campo.
LOUIS	m	What about her? I've told you--
MICK	m	You didn't tell me. That you were going to pay her for sex. (off Louis's surprise) You think it's hard to find out somebody's not Snow White?
LOUIS	m	Alright yes, I was going to pay. She wrote down a price on the napkin, four hundred dollars...
MICK	m	Why didn't you tell me this in Cecil's office?
LOUIS	m	I didn't want my mother to know. Cecil tells her everything. And can we keep it down? Her office is on the other side of that door... Mick looks at Louis's concern. Believes it. Easing up...
MICK	m	This changes things. You see that, don't you?
LOUIS	m	I'm not a lawyer. Explain it to me.
MICK	m	Alright I will. You know that guy on the Venice boardwalk? The one who has all those plates spinning on sticks?
LOUIS	m	What does this have to do with--
MICK	m	Just listen. A bunch of spinning plates: that's the state's case. In the middle is a big one. It's a fucking platter. And if that falls it takes the others down with it. (He gets closer to Louis) The big plate is the victim. The only witness against you. I knock her down, the act is over and the crowd goes home. No trial. Mick has Louis' attention now.
LOUIS	m	You can make this trial go away?
MICK	m	We've lost time. You concealed from me the fact that could do it. It comes down to why.
LOUIS	m	Why what?
MICK	m	Why would a guy with a Porsche and a Rolex need a knife to get sex from a woman who sells it anyway? The answer is, he wouldn't. And when you see that you see the set- up, the trap. And suddenly it's the defendant who looks like the victim. Louis gets it. Penitent.
LOUIS	m	You're going to the prosecutor now?
MICK	m	Yes. Young hot-shot named Ted Minton. He wants to give me the discovery file. Poor guy doesn't know that Raul already got it. He's new to felonies but he's no dope. When he hears his vic's a hooker he'll know we've knocked all his plates down.
LOUIS	m	Then it'll be over?
MICK	m	No promises, Louis. Louis closes his eyes, savors the prospect. Then sees Mick to the door. When he opens it: MARY WINDSOR's there. Surprised to see Haller.
LOUIS	m	There will be, Mother. And puts out a hand to Mick. Grateful. Hesitating half a beat, Mick shakes it and goes... Louis and his Mother. Regard each other. Face to face.
SECRETARY	f	Are these for A.D.A. Knight?
KURLEN	?	Yeah, and they're my only copies. I'll wait while you copy them.
SECRETARY	f	I'll have to ask her... But, he holds them back. Stares. She yields...
SECRETARY	f	I'll run them for you now.
KURLEN	?	Just what I wanted to hear. She goes. Mick tries to avoid Kurlen-- but too late--
KURLEN	?	Well, look who's come callin'.
MICK	m	Detective Kurlen.
KURLEN	?	(re papers he dropped off) Puttin' a case away. Guy drowned his neighbor's kid in a tub to see what it felt like. It won't shock you to hear he was high...
MICK	m	Thanks for clearing that up.
KURLEN	?	If he gets San Quentin, maybe he can look up your boy Jesus Martinez. Mick bristles at this reference. Turns away again. To a
MICK	m	(to a passing secretary) Is Minton back yet?--
SECRETARY #2	f	He'll be a few more minutes, sir. Kurlen, seeing he's drawn blood, continues to needle.
KURLEN	?	How's he doin' up there, anyway? He make the pucker-up-and-kiss-me team?
MICK	m	I haven't talked to him.
KURLEN	?	I guess once they plead guilty, they're not much use to you.
KURLEN	?	(rubbing it in) He went down forever, right?
MICK	m	He got life, but he'll be out. I don't know when.
KURLEN	?	Too bad. 'Cause his victim, Martha Renteria? She's dead forever.
MICK	m	You don't have to remind me you were lead dick on that. Kurlen grins. Shakes his head.
KURLEN	?	How's a guy like you sleep at night? With the scum you represent. Mick's had enough. Moves closer. To tell him a story.
MICK	m	I had a client once, he decapitated his ex-wife, then kept her head in the refrigerator.
KURLEN	?	Naturally you got him off.
MICK	m	The D.A. got greedy. Tried to pile on two unsolved murders, trick up evidence to stick my guy with them. It's called the justice system, we don't do things that way.
MICK	m	I don't know. I never heard of him after that.
KURLEN	?	But he could have. Fuck you, Haller.
TED	m	Mr. Haller? (Mick stands, relieved.) Sorry you had to wait. I hope it'll be worth your while. He gives Mick a thin, white-covered file from a briefcase. Mick, leaving the still-sneering Kurlen behind, takes the file and follows Minton off-- tapping the file with a finger--
MICK	m	Looks kinda thin for a discovery
TED	m	Yes well-- We can go to my office--
MICK	m	I've got a question first. He takes from his pocket: Raul's DISC. The DVD Raul gave him.
MICK	m	You have something to play this on?
TED	m	What else do you have? The simple, polite question throws Mick.
MICK	m	Look Ted, let's cut the bullshit. Not only is your so-called victim a working prostitute, but we've got her on tape soliciting my client! Maybe you're new, but you gotta know how hard it's gonna be to convince a jury a guy would have to rape a hooker to have sex with her--
TED	m	Nothing you're telling me's going to change my offer.
MICK	m	Offer? You're making an offer? going forward? Not the way Mick thought it would go. Ted goes on...
TED	m	We'll drop the charges to Assault with a Deadly and Attempted Sexual Battery. The guidelines put him at seven years, maybe he'll do four. Mick, uncertain now, doubts himself for the first time...
MICK	m	.What am I missing here?... Ted stays innocent-looking. Blank.
EARL	m	Got you the good stuff, Hayley...
HAYLEY	f	Thank you, Earl. Just then a little girl gets off a pony. The attendant holds it for Hayley.
EARL	m	Man's got your ride ready...
MICK	m	Go on, I'll hold your ice cream. Excited, Hayley goes. The attendant lifts her up and on, and The pony carrying Hayley joins the others in the wide ring... Mick watches her for a moment, waves-- then, balancing the ice cream, returns to his files--
MICK	m	There's something right in front of me and I'm not seeing it. On his lap he's spread out: PAGES from the TWO FILES: the blue-covered one Raul gave him. The white-covered from Ted. Mick starts turning pages, compares... The same, the same... When he turns the next one over: It's the page Raul gave him showing the PICTURE OF A KNIFE, the picture we saw in Cecil Dobbs' office. Turns to the matching page from Ted's file. Reaction Mick...
HAYLEY	f	You said we',re going to the movies! You promised me last week!
MICK	m	Daddy's got to talk to somebody. You stay with Earl. Mick gets out, Hayley stays...
LOUIS	m	What's happened? Is it over? You said it would be over by now--
MICK	m	That was before I found out you were still lying to me. He shoves a sheet at Louis. Louis looks: PICTURE OF A KNIFE, but DIFFERENT from the knife-picture we saw before.
MICK	m	You know what that is? It's a picture of your knife. The one you had on you when you went to Reggie Campos. The one the cops have. Look at the blood on the blade. Look at the initials. Louis is stuck for an answer--
MICK	m	That's why Ted Minton didn't care when I told him Reggie's a prostitute. What's it matter, when he's got a knife with her blood and your initials on it?
LOUIS	m	This wasn't the knife in the file--
MICK	m	(scowls, sore) That's right. The file Raul got us was a loaded deck. The cops must have been on to him, because they used it to set us up. So we'd think they had nothing, when in fact they had enough to put your Hugo Boss, golf-playing ass away for twenty years! Mick looks back towards the car, parked maybe 20 yards off. He sees HAYLEY in the backseat looking out. So does Louis. Mick sees him looking her way... Feeling the man's look, Hayley sits back. Out of sight. A moment... then Mick resumes. Cold and firm.
MICK	m	Explain to me why you lied about the knife.
LOUIS	m	I didn't lie. I said the one in the picture wasn't mine. Mick frowns/grins at the answer...
LOUIS	m	I said it twice! Nobody listened!
MICK	m	What are you now, a lawyer? A clever, third-rate fucking lawyer with smart-ass technicalities? "You said it wasn't yours"-- What you should have said was, "I had a knife but this isn't it!" What did you think, it would just go away? (closing in on him) You brought a murder weapon to a meeting with a prostitute, Louis! How am I supposed to make that look like she set you up?
LOUIS	m	1. Did. Not. Do this. Off which, Mick stares hard at Louis. At his frightened look. Then tries-- slowly-- as if for the last time--
MICK	m	Then kindly tell me why you went to her apartment with a custom-made knife, serrated tip, with "LR" engraved on the blade?
LOUIS	m	I always carry it. For a moment, Mick takes this in. Echoes.
MICK	m	You always carry it.
LOUIS	m	Yes. In real estate we show homes, to people we don't know. This one time... He stops. Like it's difficult. Then goes ahead...
LOUIS	m	My mother. She was showing a place. It was in Bel-Air, so she thought it was okay to go alone, even though there was a man at the time who had raped some women that way. He was there.
MICK	m	Who was there?
LOUIS	m	The man. He raped her. When she didn't come back, I went to the house and found her. Mick. Stirs. Like he's seeing a possibility...
LOUIS	m	That's when she stopped showing property. I do the selling now. And I started carrying a knife. Always. Mick turns it over. Finally...
MICK	m	That's quite a story, Louis. Your mother will have to testify.
LOUIS	m	We don't want that.
MICK	m	I don't give a damn what you think we want. From now on you do what I tell you while I try this case. Do I make myself clear? Louis is silent. Mick looks off. Towards Hayley, in the car.
MICK	m	If she wasn't so darn heavy I'd carry her all night, I swear.
MAGGIE	f	Defense lawyers will swear to anything...
MAGGIE	f	You look like you're in a daze.
MICK	m	It turned into a rough week. Being with Hayley was the only high. She can't find anything to say. As he heads out again...
MAGGIE	f	Nobody's seen you at Four Green Fields lately.
MICK	m	I stopped going. Too much of a scene.
MAGGIE	f	Yeah well. If you start going again. Now she has his attention.
MICK	m	If I start again, what? She's awkward. Smiles, shrugs to cover--
MAGGIE	f	Bunch of us from the office are there. Tuesdays, after work. An invitation. S-zrprising him.
MICK	m	I'll keep it in mind.
MAGGIE	f	Okay.
MICK	m	Okay. After more awkwardness, goes. She closes the door. CUT TO,
MAGGIE	f	Haller! Let him in, girls! Buy you a beer?
MICK	m	You won't make it to the bar...
MAGGIE	f	Then let's share this. They fight to a table for two, edge of the crowd. When he balks at sipping from her glass--
MAGGIE	f	We've had a taste of each other before. He laughs a little, reads that she's had a few. He drinks.
MAGGIE	f	Feeling a little better tonight? Or did Ted Minton sandbag you?
MICK	m	(How'd she know?) Yeah, that's exactly what--
MAGGIE	f	With that guy Corliss, right? I told them using that dirtbag was a bullshit play. But you'll take the the guy's head off on the stand... Mick's off-guard, doesn't know what she's talking about.
MAGGIE	f	(catches herself, giggles) Whoops, I shouldn't say that...
MICK	m	(to keep it alive) So Ted talked to you about Corliss?
MAGGIE	f	Huh? It was me who sent him to Ted. Corliss thought it was my case because I handled first appearance. (sees Mick is too eager) I'm telling you too much.
MICK	m	Nah, nothing I don't know, they always use a professional snitch... (when she doesn't bite) I mean Corliss has done this before, right?
MAGGIE	f	(clams up, with:) Can't we just forget work and have a friendly Guiness?
MICK	m	How about we go somewhere to eat? (before she objects) So we can talk about our daughter.
MAGGIE	f	Let me tell my friends I'm leaving. She goes. And Mick, quick, writes the name CORLISS on napkin.
MAGGIE	f	I'll bet you didn't know Sponge-Bob movies could be so much fun.
MICK	m	The fun's watching her. Maggie likes this. Touch glasses. After a quiet moment...
MAGGIE	f	You didn't know Minton had Corliss til I blabbed, did you.
MICK	m	He was hiding something, I thought it might be a jailhouse snitch...
MAGGIE	f	You got me drunk to find out what you wanted to know. Except I was already drunk. Good point, right? He feels something. ANGLE, her hand on his knee...
MAGGIE	f	Hayley's probably asleep. I gotta go relieve the sitter-- (makes a face) Only I don't think I can drive myself home.
MICK	m	one good turn. I'll drive you.
MAGGIE	f	And will you take me back to get my car in the morning? A loaded proposition. Covers her hand with his own. CUT TO,
MAGGIE	f	This is not fair to her. Waking up and finding you here. She'll get her hopes up.
MICK	m	How'd she get in here?
MAGGIE	f	She comes in here when she has nightmares. She has nightmares.
MICK	m	So she sleeps in here a lot?
MAGGIE	f	Don't start. You have no idea what it's like raising a child alone. He can tell by her tone: All last night's tenderness gone.
MICK	m	Look-- I'll leave-- then come back in an hour. We'll go together to get your car then I can take her to
MAGGIE	f	Just like that? You're gonna start taking her to school?
MICK	m	Don't you remember what we talked about last night?
MAGGIE	f	I thought you were just trying to get into my head on your case-- or get me into bed--
MICK	m	(getting angry now) I can't win with you--
MAGGIE	f	Not when you're being a defense lawyer! Do you know how crazy we were to think we could ever make it? Me trying to get dirtbags off the street, you keeping them there--
MAGGIE	f	Just go!
MICK	m	Sorry. It's work.
WAITRESS	?	I just hope you catch the bastard who did it to her. And goes. Mick tucks the picture under some papers, to hide it-- but finds that he's only hid it halfway. Leaving half her face exposed. The good half. Something about this... He picks it up again, folds it...
MICK	m	Martha Renteria.
MICK'S VOICE	m	I wish you'd called me before you talked to the cops, Jesus...
MARTINEZ	m	I seen my picture every place! They was gonna bring me in, so...
MICK	m	But you told Kurlen you were in her apartment. He didn't have that, he doesn't even have any prints...
MARTINEZ	m	That shit I tol' is true, man! I seen her at the Cobra Room, she said if I paid we could go to her place, she didn't care about the other guy...
MICK	m	Nobody saw any "other guy"...
MARTINEZ	m	There was another guy, bpi guy that she was talking to...
MICK	m	Plus the coroner says her vagina was brutalized...
MARTINEZ	m	Are you my lawyer or what, man? (insists, crazy now) When I left that chick was fine! I fucked her but I didn't hurt her-- You ain't even listenin'--
MICK	m	Three people saw you throwing a knife into the L.A. River...
MARTINEZ	m	'Cause I had that knife in my car! I knew they was gonna find it...
MICK	m	If all you did was fuck her then why didn't you leave any prints? The place was wiped down...
MICK	m	But your semen was on the towel, you forgot you wiped your penis on that towel...
MARTINEZ	m	I didn't forget nothing! I jus' used that towel, then I give the chick the money and I left!
MICK	m	It's not gonna make.
MARTINEZ	m	Don't say that!
MICK	m	Jesus they want the death penalty! I can see to it that never happens, but not if you don't plead.
MARTINEZ	m	You want me to say I did this? Mick hesitates but stays level. Unbending. No choice.
MILK	?	Jesus, there's a deal to be made. I can do that. I can get you Life. (Martinez crumples...) Life means you'll do fifteen...
MARTINEZ	m	I'm innocent! Inocente! You know what that means? Mick just looks at him.
MICK	m	I'm not going to ask you how you are because I know. Martinez glares at him, then spits on the floor.
MICK	m	Look. I need to ask some questions.
MARTINEZ	m	you didn't have no questions then. Never ask, Did you kill that girl?
MICK	m	I am trying to make it right. Martinez is silent. Cold.
MICK	m	Tell me again about the Cobra Room.
MARTINEZ	m	Tell you what?
MICK	m	Guard! Long beat. Guard enters. Clean-Marine. Mick shows the stack.
MICK	m	I need him to look at these.
GUARD	m	You can't give him anything.
MICK	m	But if you won't let him close to the glass, how can he see them?
GUARD	m	That's not my problem.
MICK	m	All right, but can you stay a minute? If he IDs one of these mug- shots I need you to witness it.
GUARD	m	Don't drag me into your bullshit. And goes.
MICK	m	Godammit. (then, to Martinez) Try. See if one is the guy. Mick holds up one after another. Martinez shakes his head no-- Then the booking photo of Louis Roulet.
RAUL	m	Cool it, Ahab... C'mon in, Mick... Leaves Mick alone while he puts out the dog-- Mick cools his heels. Takes in: Cubs pennant, Raul's old peaked policeman's cap, mounted... finally pours himself a vodka. Notes the photo of a YOUNGER GUY, its frame hung with the "Fight Aids" ribbon. Raul re-enters.
MICK	m	(re the drink) I helped myself.
RAUL	m	It's okay. I owe you, the way I let you down on that discovery file--
MICK	m	It wasn't you. The cops set you up. Who was it slipped you the file, anyway?
RAUL	m	Some guy in vice I play cards with. Lonnie Fry. You don't know him.
MICK	m	You're right, I don't. But I know who his partner was, when he was in homicide. Kurlen.
RAUL	m	That prick. I'll make him sorry.
MICK	m	Don't bother. We've got bigger problems. The way Mick says it. Raul sits, asks--
RAUL	m	Like what? Where were you today anyway? You were hard to reach...
MICK	m	Cell phones don't work too well where I was. Raul waits. Knows this is why Mick came here.
MICK	m	I came to tell you a story. About Jesus Martinez.
RAUL	m	You were at San Quentin.
MICK	m	It's about what happened after he left Martha Renteria's apartment.
RAUL	m	After he killed her?
MICK	m	He never killed her. He went there, had sex, flushed the condom--
RAUL	m	Wiped his prick on the pink towel--
MICK	m	And then went home. The story starts after he left.
RAUL	m	The real killer.
MICK	m	The real killer. She lets him in.
MICK	m	Maybe he fakes like it's still Martinez and he forgot something. Or maybe it was an appointment... We see the door open but we don't see who enters...
MICK	m	Do you need to ask what kind of knife it was, based on the wounds?
RAUL	m	A short-blade folding knife...
MICK	m	Or whose face Martinez picked out of the mug-shots I brought him? No. No need. A beat. Raul's dog barks from outside.
MICK	m	Of course the story goes on from there. From there it's about the lawyer Martinez gets himself...
RAUL	m	Don't do this to yourself...
MICK	m	(ignores, on a roll now) The lawyer who just assumes he did it because of the DNA. The lawyer who gets him the best deal he can, and feels pretty good, because the deal keeps his client off Death Row... and this guy, this lawyer, he's all about the deal, see?
RAUL	m	Mick-- You can't beat yourself up for what you didn't know--
MICK	m	I just saw him and he's twenty-six going on forty. He's a little guy. You know what happens to the little ones up there. A beat. Mick drinks.
MICK	m	He has a type. Roulet. It's more than a type, Renteria and Campo, you put their faces together you get the same face...
RAUL	m	(off the drink Mick takes) You better take it easy...
MICK	m	Listen, I was thinking about this the whole way down on the plane-- That night with Renteria? It was like he hit the jackpot-- got to do his thing and get away with it. Then he's in a bar, sees Reggie--
RAUL	m	Who he's seen before, remember--
MICK	m	Yeah but tonight he sees who she looks like.
RAUL	m	Renteria?
MICK	m	Right. And he's right back there.
RAUL	m	Mick, we're talking about a really
MICK	m	We're talking about a killer at work. You know that video from the bar? Just like you, he saw that Mr. X was left-handed.
RAUL	m	(struck by this) Smart as the devil--
MICK	m	He knows what he's doing. Reggie's the luckiest woman alive.
RAUL	m	You think there are others? With that face, or--
MICK	m	You find out. Dig into Roulet. (recalls...) "All you'll find is parking tickets," I don't buy that anymore. Check out knife-murders of women. Not just the unsolved ones, Martha Renteria was a closed case.
RAUL	m	Look man, I can't throw a net like that. I'm just one guy! You gotta bring the cops in.
MICK	m	I can't. He's my client. (clear on this:) That's why he hired me. Raul looks up, startled by this. Mick lays it out...
MICK	m	I was thinking about that on the plane too: He was worried I might hear about the case and put it together. But if he was my client, I'd be bound to keep my mouth shut and protect him.
RAUL	m	Attorney-client privilege.
MICK	m	I told you: He knows what he's doing.
RAUL	m	You got one guy in prison for what your other client did. What are you going to do, Mick? A beat.
MICK	m	I'm working on it.
MICK	m	This is Haller...
MAGGIE'S VOICE	m	Did you get my messages?
MICK	m	Maggie, no, I was up in San Francisco for the day...
MAGGIE'S VOICE	m	No you weren't. You don't go to San Francisco, you go to San Quentin. Must have been seeing a client...
MICK	m	You always were too smart for me. Is Hayley okay?
MAGGIE'S VOICE	m	She's good. Look, she's playing soccer tomorrow, and she wants you to come to the match. You've started something, Mickey...
MICK	m	Fine, I look forward to it.
MAGGIE'S VOICE	m	You'll need to pick her up at noon. But, under this, he sees, DOWN THE HALLWAY, light from a room. Sudden chill. Angling to see, keeping a normal voice...
MICK	m	Noon, I'll do that. See you then. And hangs up before she can say goodbye.. And Stops. Freezes. Eyes on the LIGHT at the end of the hall. Carefully, Mick begins to move down the hall... Pauses at the door he comes to first, bedroom, dark... Kicks it-- Nothing. starts walking again, when: there's a SOUND. Then silence. What was it?... Mick continues-- to-- The LIT ROOM: SIDE ANGLE, we see it's the den-- Mick braces-- And BURSTS IN SUDDENLY:
MICK	m	What the hell are you doing here?
LOUIS	m	Funny thing is I've been here before. I was offered the house to show, never gave back the key--
MICK	m	(over,doesn't give a shit) Get out of my house! Now!
LOUIS	m	(rising, but)
EASY MICK--	m	But, sees Mick noticing-- the ELECTRONIC ANKLET on his leg--
LOUIS	m	Your friend Valenzuela put this on. A tracer. As if I were going anywhere.
MICK	m	I said Get up! Get up and get out of this house! Off Mick's force, Mick's almost crazy-- Louis smirks, goes--
LOUIS	m	I couldn't reach you! I'm on trial for my life, Mick, and I get nervous when I can't reach yout And you were away all day. Like you told "Maggie." Meaning he listened to the call. Mick goes white.
MICK	m	You don't come near this house again, do you understand me? We aren't friends, we aren't partners, you're my client, eriod--
LOUIS	m	Just what I wanted to remind you of. I'm your client. Mick reacts. Louis lets in sink in, then:
LOUIS	m	Besides, I like it in your house, Mick... Pretty pictures of your kid, Hayley...
MICK	m	Fucken don't.
LOUIS	m	Don't what, don't say she's pretty? But I saw her, the other day at the club... At which, Mick's had enough: belts Louis in the mouth. Quick, solid.
LOUIS	m	Okay. Okay I'm going. But-- And extends his hand: with Mick's house-key in it.
LOUIS	m	--first I think I should give you back your key. It isn't right that I have it. Now that we can trust each other. Mick takes the key. Panting, he watches Louis go down the fucking steps.
MICK	m	That's it, Hayley, get in her way! Hayley isn't quick enough, the forward dribbles round her, goes in for the score. Hayley looks despondently at Mick--
MICK	m	It's okay, honey! When-- his CELL-PHONE RINGS. Into it--
MICK	m	This is Haller... He strains to listen... Stops cold. His look darkens... Even from the field, Hayley sees this...
LANKFORD	m	Levin was back in his office...
SOBEL	m	We wouldn't have found him if a neighbor hadn't brought the dog back. It was running loose.
LANKFORD	m	(shows a desk calendar) Your name's all over this. Were you the only guy he worked for?
MICK	m	No, but I've got a big trial next month, attempted rape and murder. He was helping me.
SOBEL	m	Is that the Roulet case?
MICK	m	How did you know?
SOBEL	m	Because every file that's been rifled has the name.
LANKFORD	m	Only thing, Roulet himself is already cleared for this. We've checked the tracking on his tracer- anklet and it doesn't show him anywhere near this place. And there's no way to trick those things, no way in the world. We see Mick register this-- wants to ask about it, but before
LANKFORD	m	By the way, Counsellor, where were you this morning? Mick rocked by the question. What it means.
MICK	m	I'm a suspect?
SOBEL	m	He knew whoever shot him. There are no signs of forcible, he even let the killer into the back room.
MICK	m	I was watching my daughter play soccer. A couple of dozen people can confirm I was there. Provisionally buying this, Lankford takes out booties.
LANKFORD	m	Put these on and don't touch anything back there.
SOBEL	m	Can you tell us if you see anything unusual? Mick draws close. Lankford, abruptly--
LANKFORD	m	All I see are pictures of a guy. Was he a fruit?
MICK	m	He was a hell of an ex-cop, is what he was. Crimes Against Persons, back in Chicago. And yeah he was gay, and what the hell's that got to do with it? If the murder was some kind of gay thing, why'd they ransack the office? Isn't it obvious they were looking for something to do with his work? Lankford can't argue with this. When Sobel, near the body:
SOBEL	m	Look. The position of his hands. ANGLE: Two middle fingers point down. Two outside fingers up.
LANKFORD	m	Was this guy a Longhorns fan or what? Or is it some kind of sign, like he was trying to tell us who
VAL	f	Hey Mick! Val's surprised... a mix of emotions...
VAL	f	What're you doin' here?... and I heard about Raul Levin, man...
MICK	m	(ignores all that) You know your garage door's open?
VAL	f	Shit: I just had a plasma delivered... And rushes to... the GARAGE. Mick trails... Val's relieved to find the box is okay.
VAL	f	Oh man, if we still lived in Van Nuys this sucker'd be gone. Set me back eight grand, too. But it's gonna be great for the games... (notes Mick's silent mood) What's up anyway? What brings you out here?
MICK	m	Raul's murder. (Val waits, listens.) I've been with the cops. They can't tie Roulet to it, because your ankle bracelet doesn't put him near the house.
VAL	f	I know, I gave them the trace. The bracelet's got a mass detector, there's no way to beat that.
MICK	m	Did the cops ask you where you were this morning, Val? Val's slow at first, to register just what Mick's asking...
MICK	m	Somehow, some way, Louis killed Raul Levin. And it didn't show up on the trace. Mick looks at the plasma TV, then back at Val. Val reddens--
VAL	f	You better not be sayin' what I think-- that I cut him loose-- to let him kill Raul--?
MICK	m	Maybe you didn't know what he was going to do--
VAL	f	(over, angry--) You think I'd let that happen? For a fuckin' TV? And he lunges at Mick, shoves him back agains the van, Mick shoves back, harder, backwards into the TV box-- it hits the cement floor, hard, and Val falls on top of it-- Sickening snap/crunch from within the box--
VAL	f	Shit, man--
MICK	m	Where'd you get the money for an eight thousand dollar TV, Val?
VAL	f	That's bullshit! I didn't do that! How dare you say that to me-- I'm inocente, man-- Mick reacts to the word-- Martinez's word-- as Val glares at him from the ground.
VAL	f	Get outa here; Get out of here, Mick, and get outa my life! Mick's already backing off-- towards the car--
VAL	f	Keep going, man! Mick keeps going-- down the drive and into his car-- CUT TO,
BARTENDER	m	That's it. You're done here, pal. And you're not driving either. (shows keys, keeps them) Call yourself a cab or something. Off Mick,
MAGGIE	f	Being married to you sucked but it beat being a car service...
MICK	m	That's the idea, y'know. Car service, with the Lincolns-- Drive the illustrious turds of our city back and forth to LAX--
MAGGIE	f	I'll be your first customer. First dollar. And rolls him onto the bed. He looks at her. Drunk as he is:
MICK	m	Lemme ask you something. Corliss. The name Corliss. You didn't just give me that just because you'd been drinking. You wanted me to have it. She doesn't confirm or deny. Just gets him into bed-- says
MAGGGIE	f	I'm not staying. He knows, but-- one thing more--
MICK	m	Maggie-- Raul. Did I get him killed? Moved, she shakes her head no. Straightens his pillow.
MAGGIE	f	How do you do it, Haller? You're a sleazy defense lawyer with two ex- wives and a daughter, and we all still love you. We STAY ON HIM as she stands up, goes. To no one:
MICK	m	I can't do this anymore.
MACHINE VOICE	m	Message received: YESTERDAY, ELEVEN-
RAUL'S VOICE	m	Mick, it's me. Guess I missed you. Wanted to go over a few things, so I wouldn't interrupt your day with Hayley. Anyway... Presses STOP. Raul's voice: Mick's not sure he can deal. But pulls the pencil & pad near him, and presses START again... RAUL'S VOICE (cont'd) First, that witness name you gave me. Corliss? Turns out he's this hype, Dwayne Jeffrey Corliss, sometimes goes by "DJ." When you run it that way you find out he's played the courtroom snitch a lot, mostly in Arizona. But here's the thing: One time down there? It blew up on him. I'm working on it, it can be good for us... Don't know how we get to him, though. They put him in USC lock-up, just to make it harder... Under which Mick, excited, is writing down D J CORLISS... ARIZONA... then USC, circles this last... Other thing is, you asked me to dig deep-on Roulet? Mick, I found something. I found Martinez' ticket out of the Q. When, on the tape he hears DOG BARKING... and a DOOR BELL... RAUL'S VOICE (cont'd) Uh, that's somebody at the door... Look, have a good time with your kid. Gotta go, boss. And MESSAGE goes OFF. Mick thinks a moment. Tries to clear his head. Then pulls out a card and dials a number...
SOBEL	m	Detective Sobel.
MICK	m	It's me. Haller.
MICK	m	Look, I-- just checked my phone messages. It turns out Raul called me. Just before he was killed. I didn't know. The message came at Eleven-oh- seven. He said, "I think I found Martinez' ticket out of the Q."
SOBEL	m	Meaning Jesus Martinez-- that's a former client of yours--
MICK	m	In San Quentin. Right.
SOBEL	m	Did he say anything else? Looks down at his notes. At "Corliss." "USC." A beat. As he tears off the note, stuffs it in his pocket...
MICK	m	No-- No, that's it. Then the dog barked, somebody was at the door. He hung up. (before she can ask more) Look, maybe you can tell me if there's any progress on the case. (when she hesitates) He was my friend. Sobel, makes a decision...
SOBEL	m	Well, we did catch a break. We found a bullet casing in the room, from a 22. It turns out Levin owned a .22, but when we checked it out it wasn't a Woodsman, like the gun that killed him... To which, Mick reacts... as she goes on...
SOBEL	m	The other thing is we can't find his cell-phone... (noticing Mick is silent) Are you still there?
MICK	m	Yeah... just, I'll let you know if I think of anything. About his cell- phone, I mean. Thanks. And hangs up. Too sudden. Leaves Sobel wondering...
MICK	m	Gloria I'm not here about you. I'm here about me. I need your help.
LOUIS	m	Mick. I want to tell you something before we start.
MICK	m	Better make it fast.
LOUIS	m	You're my lawyer, right? So I can tell you anything, even a crime I've committed, and you have to keep it secret.
MICK	m	(a beat, uncomfortable--) That's right. Unless it's one you're going to commit.
LOUIS	m	I've killed people, Mick. Reaction Mick. Just then, Courtroom clerk gives a warning--
COURTROOM CLERK	m	Two minutes, people...
MICK	m	Now? Now? Why now, are you telling me this...
LOUIS	m	Because I know your plan. Mick looks at him. Before he can deny--
LOUIS	m	Your plan is to defend me on this-- then, when I'm not your client, throw me to the cops. (when Mick says nothing) I can't let that happen. So I'm telling you: I've killed people and guess what? Martha Renteria was one of them. There now. If you use what I've told you you might get Jesus Martinez out of jail, but you'll never practice law again. And I'll never be prosecuted. I think it's called fruits of the poisoned tree--
MICK	m	Come with me. Cuts Louis off, rises, leads him... past prosecution table, TED MINTON turns, watches them... as Mick leads Louis out to--
MICK	m	You son of a bitch. You killed Raul.
LOUIS	m	You're right about one thing. I am a son of a bitch.
MICK	m	How did you do it? The trace said you weren't even in Glendale...
LOUIS	m	He was getting too close.
MICK	m	(yanks Louis's lapels) You piece of shit, do you think you have this wired? You don't!
LOUIS	m	I do have an insurance policy. He grabs Mick's wrists. Strong: pulls them off his chest.
MICK	m	I want my gun, Louis--
LOUIS	m	I walk away from this trial a free man-- and remain free-- and it never falls into wrong hands. The deal. Mick's close to hitting him-- when the door opens--
COURTROOM CLERK	m	Judge Fullbright is on the bench.
JUDGE FULLBRIGHT	m	Nice of you to join us... She's 46, bad hair, tough. Mick's off on the wrong foot.
MICK	m	I'm sorry, your honor.
TED	m	What this case is about is a predator... On the night of March Sixth, Louis Roulet was out stalking his prey... Jury of twelve, two alternates...
TED	m	You are going to hear from the victim herself about her lifestyle, one that we would not condone. But remember that anyone, anyone, can be the victim of a violent crime. (approaches the jury box) The case is clear. Straightforward. A man attacked a woman in her home in order to rape and kill her. It is only by the grace of God that she's here to tell you the story. Over Ted,
MICK	m	My name's Michael Haller, and I'm representing Louis Roulet. (glances at Ted) Mr. Minton doesn't want to use the word prostitute for the woman who's supposed to be Louis's victim. He needn't worry, this case isn't about how she makes her money... But it is about her actions. How she saw a young man with signs of wealth, and chose to target him... (closes in on the jury...) What she didn't count on, was you. The fact that you'd put two and two together, and let your common sense tell you who was the real predator.
LORNA	f	You had a message from Gloria. She thinks she can do what you asked.
MICK	m	Thinks?
LORNA	f	Corliss has the same meal time. She can try.
MICK	m	Let her try. But it may not matter.
LORNA	f	What do you mean?
MICK	m	I mean, Corliss isn't on the witness list. It could be Ted Minton is holding him back. He won't use him until he has to. Until I screw up his case so bad he has no choice.
LORNA	f	Mickey? Can you do that? Off Mick, tries for a confident smile...
TED	m	Frightened?
OFFICER MAXWELL	m	She kept asking us if she was safe, even after Roulet was taken away.
MICK	m	Officer, would you read from your arrest report where it's marked?
OFFICER MAXWELL	m	"The victim does not know the man who assaulted her or why she was attacked."
MICK	m	Why did you write that she didn't know him?
OFFICER MAXWELL	m	Because that's what she said.
MICK	m	So, she just opened the door at ten o'clock to a stranger?
OFFICER MAXWELL	m	She didn't put it like that...
MICK	m	Was there blood on his right hand?
OFFICER MAXWELL	m	(confused by the shift) No, his left. Or we would have bagged his right one, too.
TED	m	Mr. Talbot, you were with Miss Campo on the night of March Sixth? CHARLES TALBOT, 48, the customer from the video. Blurred tattoos on muscled forearms, dyed blonde hair.
TALBOT	m	Yep. Had a date with her at Morgan's. Then from there we went to her place and had another date, if you know what I mean.
TED	m	Had you known Miss Campo before?
TALBOT	m	Nope. Just called her up.
TED	m	How did you know to call her?
TALBOT	m	From her website. She's got a real good website. Jury laughs a little. Fascinated but repulsed by this guy... but Fullbright stirs, disliking Talbot's tone...
TED	m	Did you have sexual relations?
TALBOT	m	Four hundred bucks worth. And she earned every cent. Angle a male JUROR, red-faced with disapproval. Mick catches his reaction, likes it. Ted goes on...
TED	m	And what time did you leave?
TALBOT	m	About five minutes before ten.
TED	m	She say she had another engagement?
TALBOT	m	No, she acted like she was done for the night...
MICK	m	Objection, I don't think Mr. Talbot's qualified to interpret Ms. Campo's thinking or plans...
TALBOT	m	I just mean she acted satisfied...
FULLBRIGHT	m	Sustained! Go on, Mr. Minton.
TED	m	When you left, what condition was she in? Was she hurt?
TALBOT	m	No, she was fit as a fiddle. I know because I'd just played her. (before Fullbright bursts) Sorry, your honor. She was fine. Minton goes, lifts a sheet over an easel, REVEALS the blown- up PHOTOS of the Reggie's battered face.
TED	m	She didn't look like this?
TALBOT	m	Man. What kind of bastard does something like that?
FULLBRIGHT	m	Answer the question.
TALBOT	m	No. We made consensual and pleasurable love. Which is what life is all about. Then I paid her.
MICK	m	Mr. Talbot, are you right or left- handed?
TALBOT	m	Left.
MICK	m	Left. And isn't it true that before you left Regina Campo asked you to strike her repeatedly in the face?
TED	m	Your honor, there's no basis for this sort of questioning. Mr. Haller is just muddying the waters with outrageous statements. Fullbright looks to Mick for a reply. Mick half-shrugs...
MICK	m	Part of the defense theory, Judge.
FULLBRIGHT	m	The witness can answer.
TALBOT	m	I never hit her or any other woman.
MICK	m	Do you know a prostitute named... (checks his sheet) Shaquille Barton? "Shaquilla Shakels" is her work name.
TALBOT	m	Okay, yeah. I seen her one time...
MICK	m	And if I brought her here and she said you had struck her with your left hand...
TALBOT	m	She'd be lying. I tried Shaquilla, that rough stuff's not for me. I'm a missionary man.
MICK	m	With a strong left. Thank you. And Mick sits-- drawing a nasty look from Ted for this last, and a pleased one from Louis. CUT TO,
MICK	m	This warrant is bullshit--
LANKFORD	m	Good enough to search your house. For a Woodsman registered to you.
SOBEL	m	We need to run ballistics on it. She turns around: The good cop, but she's hurt:
SOBEL	m	It would have been better if you'd told me that you had a Woodsman.
MICK	m	I don't anymore. It was stolen. The worst yet. Lankford laughs: "How convenient..."
LANKFORD	m	We got the history on the piece. Turns out it belonged to Mickey Cohen the gangster, in the forties.
MICK	m	I know. My father represented him. He got him off for using it in self- defense, so Cohen made him a present of it. Sobel, careful, opens it... It's empty. Like Mick said.
SOBEL	m	Why didn't you report it stolen?
MICK	m	Because I knew who took it. (They look at him.) A client. He told me, so I couldn't turn him in without breaking a trust. They do that.
LANKFORD	m	(doesn't buy this) Still and all, mind if I look around? Just in case you haven't had time to toss it off a pier?
MICK	m	Go crazy. You've got the warrant. Lankford sneers, starts for the next room. To Sobel--
LANKFORD	m	Heidi-- bag the box. He leaves. As she bags it-- He wonders why.
MICK	m	You can't do ballistics on a box. She glances, seeing Lankford's gone-- explains.
SOBEL	m	That old Mickey Cohen shooting? It's kind of famous. It turns out the county still has the evidence in storage. The bullet.
MICK	m	You can match casings to a slug that's fifty years old?
SOBEL	m	It'd be easier with the gun, but yeah. She goes to join her partner. Mick stops her with--
MICK	m	Detective? How long will ballistics take?
SOBEL	m	Careful. You'll make me think you're worried what we'll find.
MICK	m	I'm in the middle of a trial.
SOBEL	m	A day. Maybe forty-eight hours. She leaves. Mick's gaze, in the mirror: Fear.
TED	m	Morning, Haller. Word is, you had interesting visitors last night...
MICK	m	Worry about yourself, Ted. You're dying the death of a thousand razors up there and you don't even know it. They peel off-- Mick to the defense table, where Louis waits for him. Before Louis can speak: Low--
MICK	m	Listen, you little shit: This gun- scheme of yours is about to blow up, and I'm not going down for it. If I have to drive people to the airport the rest of my life. Mick is seething. Louis smiles. Unruffled.
TED	m	One last witness, your honor. The prosecution calls Regina Campo.
REGGIE	m	It's true that I lied. I knew him when he came to the door.
TED	m	In fact, you'd arranged his coming Miss Campo: why did you lie?
REGGIE	m	I was scared. I wasn't sure the police would believe me and I wanted to make sure they arrested him... because he's an animal... She looks tentatively at Louis, as if still scared-- then she looks away. Louis is blank. Mick takes it in. Ted follows up--
TED	m	Do you regret that decision now?
REGGIE	m	Yes. If it helps him to get free and do this to somebody else.
MICK	m	Your honor, prejudicial--
JUDGE FULLBRIGHT	m	Sustained. But ANGLE THE JURY: the damage is done. Reggie's moved them.
TED	m	I have no further questions for Regina, your honor. Ted sits.
JUDGE FULLBRIGHT	m	Your witness, Mr. Haller. Mick about to rise when-- Louis grabs his hand. Low-voiced----
LOUIS	m	I want to remind you of your words. You were going to tear her apart and throw her entrails into the sea.
MICK	m	That's it, keep acting like you pull the strings.
LOUIS	m	I do.
JUDGE FULLBRIGHT	m	Mr. Haller. Emphatic. Mick frees his hand, straightens himself. watched by Louis. Then all at once, to surprise her--
MICK	m	Ms. Campo have you engaged an attorney to sue Mr. Roulet for the events of March Sixth?
REGGIE	m	(recovers, No I haven't.
MICK	m	But have you talked to an attorney?
REGGIE	m	I haven't hired anybody or--
MICK	m	I asked if you talked to one. About a possible lawsuit. Mick's crisp like he knows for sure. She wilts a little.
REGGIE	m	It was nothing more than talk...
MICK	m	Did you ask if you could sue Mr. Roulet for damages?
REGGIE	m	I thought what you say to lawyers is private.
MICK	m	If you wish, you can tell the jurors. Faces her. Ted squirms, seeing the box she's in.
REGGIE	m	I think I want to keep it private. Ted squirms again. Wrong answer.
MICK	m	Okay, let's go back to the night at Morgan's. Had you ever seen Louis Roulet before that night?
REGGIE	m	Yes. There and other places.
MICK	m	Ever noticed he wore a Rolex watch?
MICK	m	Or that he drove one of two cars, a Porsche or a Range Rover?
REGGIE	m	I never saw him driving.
MICK	m	And what made you approach him?
REGGIE	m	I knew he was in the life. You know. A player. I had seen him leave with girls who do what I do.
MICK	m	With prostitutes. To go to a hotel, or their apartments...?
REGGIE	m	I don't know where.
MICK	m	So how do you know they left? Maybe they just went out for a smoke...
REGGIE	m	Because they got in his car and drove away.
MICK	m	But you just testified that you never saw Mr. Roulet drive! Now you saw him leave with a prostitute like yourself. Which is it? The contradiction rings round the room. Reggie, tries...
REGGIE	m	I saw him get in a car but I didn't know what kind it was.
MICK	m	Do you know the difference between a Porsche and a Range Rover?
REGGIE	m	one's big and one's small, I guess. Reactions... Reggie shakes her head, knows she's not making it... But Mick, like he's just getting started...
MICK	m	The women he left with, when you saw them again, had they been beaten or injured?
REGGIE	m	I don't know, I didn't ask.
MICK	m	But girls in your profession talk about customers, don't you? Warn each other if someone's a freak...
REGGIE	m	Yeah, usually...
MICK	m	And how many had warned you about Louis Roulet?
REGGIE	m	None. No one.
MICK	m	So you believed you'd be safe?
REGGIE	m	I, thought he was a known quantity and I needed the money, so...
MICK	m	So you thought he could solve your need for money?
MICK	m	No? Isn't that why we're sitting here? Because you zeroed in on him?
REGGIE	m	No! I mean yes, but not like that-- (looking round, a plea to
BE BELIEVED)	?	He attacked me, I swear!
MICK	m	What did the napkin say, Ms. Campo?
REGGIE	m	My name and address...
MICK	m	And your price?
REGGIE	m	Yes. Four hundred dollars.
MICK	m	(after a beat) It's a hard line of work...
REGGIE	m	And dangerous.
MICK	m	In fact, haven't you told friends you were looking for a way out?
REGGIE	m	Yes. I'm not proud of what I do--
MICK	m	And so, isn't it true-- nothing would be easier to understand-- that you saw Louis Roulet and his money as a way out?
REGGIE	m	No! That's not what this is about! That man hit me and tried to kill me.
MICK	m	Yes, we've heard you say that-- Judge may I ask the witness to stand up?
JUDGE FULLBRIGHT	m	(surprised, but) The witness will stand. I hope you're going somewhere with this, Mr. Haller. Reggie stands.
MICK	m	Now if you please, walk over to my client. She goes, stands before Louis. Who rises on cue from Mick.
MICK	m	This is the man you broke free from, overpowered, knocked out?
REGGIE	m	Yes-- You can do amazing things when you're afraid--
MICK	m	How much do you weigh, Ms. Campo? Because your website REGGIE-FOR-FUN- DOT-COM says one hundred three...
REGGIE	m	That's right. A beat. Louis sits. Reggie stands there... suddenly cries.
MICK	m	I've got no further questions for the witness, your honor. Reggie returns to a seat behind the prosecutor's table. Where we pick up TED MINTON. Staring at Mick, hiding the sense of damage as best he can... He's startled when:
JUDGE FULLBRIGHT	m	Mr. Minton? Do you have another witness for us? Ted rouses, summons confidence, rises... WHILE, ASIDE, Louis to Mick, re Ted...
LOUIS	m	He looks worried. Mick watching Ted, waits, tense...
TED	m	The state rests, your honor. Mick's disappointed: No Corliss.
MICK	m	Not worried enough.
JUDGE FULLBRIGHT	m	(raises a gavel...) Then the defense will call its first witness after lunch. And the gavel comes down.
MARY WINDSOR	f	Yes, I recognize this knife. (holding an evidence bag) It's the one my son carried with him for protection for the last four years. Almost exactly.
MICK	m	Why would he need protection?
MARY WINDSOR	f	Because realtors alone in a house are sometimes robbed or hurt... Even raped or murdered.
MICK	m	But has Louis ever been the subject of such a crime?
MARY WINDSOR	f	No. But he knew someone who... (hesitates...)
MICK	m	Go on, please.
MARY WINDSOR	f	She was raped and robbed by a man. Louis found her. It was terrible. The first thing he did afterwards was get himself a knife to carry, at all times. (looks at Ted Minton) March Sixth would have been no different.
TED	m	Mrs. Windsor, you seemed pretty exact, about when your son started carrying around this, this weapon, a five-inch folding knife...
MARY WINDSOR	f	I am. The incident took place on June ninth, two-thousand-one. Mick watches Ted, carefully... Cat and mouse...
TED	m	Was it in the newspapers?
MARY WINDSOR	f	No.
TED	m	Or, do you somehow remember because the police came to talk to Louis...
MARY WINDSOR	f	There was no police investigation.
TED	m	Then how can you remember the exact date so well? (sly look at Mick) Were you given the date before testifying here?
MARY WINDSOR	f	I know the date because I'll never forget the day I was attacked. The news falls on Ted. She goes on before he can rally... MARY WINDSOR (cont'd) Louis will never forget it either. He found me in that house, tied up. Naked. It was traumatic for him. She's perfect: a strong woman, unused to showing emotion. Mick smiles, impressed. When, with some sarcasm:
JUDGE FULLBRIGHT	m	Mr. Minton-- anything else? Ted, still thrown, stares down at his notes.
TED	m	As Louis's mother, you'd do or say anything to save him, wouldn't you?
MARY WINDSOR	f	I wouldn't lie. Not about what happened that day...
TED	m	We have no police or hospital record that it even occurred...
MARY WINDSOR	f	I never reported it...
TED	m	Why not?
MARY WINDSOR	f	I was ashamed. If you don't understand that I can't explain it to you. And yet I live with it every day.
TED	m	But it's only you who says so: Mary looks at Ted, and at the Judge, as if confused:
MARY WINDSOR	f	Is that a question? Off Mick, admiring, GO TO,
TED	m	I've been thinking about the thousand razors.
MICK	m	We've had an offer. Want to spend six months in county jail?
LOUIS	m	I told you from the beginning--
MICK	m	I know: The only verdict's Not Guilty. Okay. We'll get there. Grateful for this, Louis puts a hand on Mick's arm. But:
MICK	m	Don't touch me, Louis. You want to show your gratitude give me my gun back. Louis grins: meaning No way.
MICK	m	I thought so. You still sure you want me to put you on the stand?
LOUIS	m	I insist on it.
MICK	m	Then get some rest tonight, you're up next. Leaving Louis, Mick continues down the steps, to where the Lincoln waits. He gets in.
MICK	m	There's something I need you to get me, Earl. A tone Earl never heard him use before. Earl turns around.
TED	m	Did you talk to your client?
MICK	m	Yes. No deal.
MICK	m	The defense calls Louis Ross Roulet, your honor.
LOUIS	m	I turned toward the living room, the way she pointed... ANGLE MICK, has a floorplan of the apartment, on an easel.
MICK	m	And what happened when you turned?
LOUIS	m	Something hit me and I blacked out. I don't know for how long.
MICK	m	That was all?
LOUIS	m	Then when I woke up these guys were on me, telling me not to move. I couldn't anyway. I was too scared. Mick moves toward Louis, as if determined to find flaws...
MICK	m	But, there was blood on your jacket and your left hand...
LOUIS	m	Someone put it there because I didn't.
MICK	m	Are you left-handed?
LOUIS	m	No.
MICK	m	You didn't strike Ms. Campo with your left fist?
LOUIS	m	No!
MICK	m	Threaten to rape her, or kill her?--
LOUIS	m	No!
MICK	m	You're angry. Why?
LOUIS	m	(passionate but simple--) Do you know what it's like to be accused of something like this? To listen to people tell lies about your having done something so sick and awful? I, I understand I had to be quiet and wait my chance and not say anything-- but if guilty people have rights, what about innocent people? I am innocent! Mick. Meets Louis's eye, communicates: You were perfect.
MICK	m	Nothing further, Judge. Ted already up & moving, passes Mick as he takes his seat--
TED	m	According to you, Ms. Campo punched herself or had a man she never met before punch her lights out as part of a set-up?
LOUIS	m	All I know is that I didn't.
TED	m	And this knife you always carry, how did she know she'd find it on you as part of the set-up?
LOUIS	m	She couldn't, could she? I mean, I never took it out or showed it to anybody-- so she must have just found it when she went into my pocket for the money I had that I was going to pay her with, right?--
TED	m	I'd really prefer it if I ask the questions, and you answer them! (then calming himself) Would you look at this, please-- Goes to the easel, REVEALS: PHOTO of Reggie's beaten face.
TED	m	Please tell us again if you think Regina Campo would or could have done this to herself.
LOUIS	m	I don't know who did it, but it wasn't me. Nobody deserves that to happen...
TED	m	(seizes on this) What do you mean by "deserves?" Do you mean crimes of violence come down to a whether a woman gets what she "deserves?"
LOUIS	m	(right back at him) I mean no matter what she does for a living or who she is-- No woman deserves that. Ted keeps staring at the photo: Wants the jury looking there.
TED	m	I have no more questions. At which, suddenly there's a wave of movement-- SLOW-MOTION-- Louis dismissed from the chair-- Ted returning to his seat, passing Mick as Mick rises-- Louis gives Mick a "How'd I do?" look, Mick nods, unmistakably, "You did fine..."-- Mick's look finds Ted-- Mick and Ted holding each other in a gaze-- Mick's face in a kind of smile, Ted grim-- As Mick brings out, speaking to the Judge but his smiling eyes fixed on the unhappy Ted-- RESUME NORMAL SPEED for Mick's confident, fateful words:
MICK	m	Your honor, the defense rests.
JUDGE FULLBRIGHT	m	Mr. Minton? Ted is uncertain...
TED	m	Your honor... (She waits.) The state needs the night to decide, your honor...
JUDGE FULLBRIGHT	m	To decide what?
TED	m	Frankly I wasn't anticipating the defense would rest after two witnesses. I-- I'd like the night to consider calling a rebuttal witness.
MICK	m	(reacts, "objects--") Your honor, first we've heard of
TED	m	I said `-consider." I need to find out if the witness is even
MICK	m	The state still has an obligation to disclose the identity--
TED	m	Not if I decide not to use him. (a note of pleading) I'm begging the court's indulgence, your honor. Fulbright doesn't like it... but weighs, yields. Go to,
MAGGIE'S VOICE	m	There's a rumor in the office...
MICK	m	How I'm the one who shot Raul?
MAGGIE	f	Haller, is this serious?
MICK	m	I'd say so. I'm being set up for his murder. Couple of detectives from Glendale are following me around, just waiting for the go- ahead to hit me with an arrest warrant... Could be any minute...
MAGGIE	f	How is this possible?
MICK	m	Bad timing, bad client, me being dumb...
MAGGIE	f	Is it Roulet? Is that the client?
MICK	m	I can't talk to you about my clients. How is Hayley?
MAGGIE	f	Fine. But Haller, if she ever hears anything about this--
MICK	m	She won't. Not if I play it right.
MAGGIE	f	What are you going to do? A long beat. Then he says, just as he told Raul--
MICK	m	I'm working on it. I have a plan.
EARL	m	.when Not Guilty Two gets to four thousand miles, that's two cars ready, that's enough to start the airport runs... Scene we saw at the opening. Mick absorbed... Earl notices...
EARL	m	You gettin' any of this, Mr. Haller? Mick opens the file (back-seat office extraordinarily neat). Top of the print-out: THE PEOPLE OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA vs. LOUIS ROULET...
MICK	m	Bill, I'm getting coffee. Any for you?
CLERK BILL	m	No man, I'm off caffeine...
MICK	m	Hey, is that the custody list? Can I see if any of my no-good clients are on it? Bill lets him have it. Mick, casual, looks over the names...
MICK	m	Minton's putting on Corliss. He's got him in lock-up already...
LORNA	f	But Gloria still hasn't let us know if she got to him!
MICK	m	You said she had mealtimes to work it...
LORNA	f	Yes but...
MICK	m	I'll take my chances. Meantime did you serve Kurlen? Moving her OUT OF THE CAFE, DOWN THE HALL-- hushed & fast--
LORNA	f	Yes but I didn't like forging the judge's signature...
MICK	m	Yes you did.
LORNA	f	Yes I did. Just then, approaching, he sees SOBEL & LANKFORD: Are they coming for him? No, they turn into the courtroom along with others showing up for the trial's last day. Relieved--
MICK	m	Now go, and be ready for my call. Lorna starts to go-- then pauses.
LORNA	f	I'm crazy about the power suit. Extra flip to her hips as she goes because Mick's watching.
KURLEN	?	What shit is this, Haller? I got nothing to do with your case! Mick, "innocent," inspects the papers. With surprise--
MICK	m	Subpoena to appear as a witness? You'll just have to wait and see. It's a legal document, Detective. Cursing, Kurlen takes himself off to a corner. Leaving Mick with the "legal document." He tucks it away-- And continues to the front-- Past CECIL DOBBS and MARY WINDSOR, to LOUIS, at the defense table. OVER WHICH, PRE-LAP:
JUDGE FULLBRIGHT	m	Does the state have any rebuttal?
TED	m	(rises, ready) The state calls Dwayne Jeffrey Corliss as rebuttal witness.
MICK	m	Judge? Who is this witness? Why wasn't I told before now?
JUDGE FULLBRIGHT	m	A fair question. Mr. Minton?
TED	m	Dwayne Corliss is a cooperating witness who spoke with Mr. Roulet in custody, following his arrest.
LOUIS	m	(shouts, suddenly--) Bullshit! I didn't to talk to--
JUDGE FULLBRIGHT	m	Quiet, Mr. Roulet! Mr. Haller, control your client! Mick bends over, to Louis, sotto voce--
MICK	m	That was good. Now leave it to me. (to the court) I do share my client's outrage, your honor. I'd at least like to know how long the state has been sitting on this testimony...
TED	m	Mr. Corliss did not come forward until yesterday.
MICK	m	This is incredible...
JUDGE FULLBRIGHT	m	Do you want to go back and talk to him? Given the timing I'd allow it.
MICK	m	No, Judge, we all know what this is, this is a jailhouse snitch, and anything he'd say would be a lie--
TED	m	That's groundless, your honor--
MICK	m	--I just want my objection noted.
JUDGE FULLBRIGHT	m	Then I'm going to rule he can
MICK	m	Can I ask one indulgence? Can I step into the hallway and make a call to an investigator? For whatever good it will do at this late date.
LORNA'S VOICE	m	Yep, here.
MICK	m	Put your watch at quarter of. At ten fifteen you enter the room.
LORNA'S VOICE	m	Got it.
MICK	m	With the printouts.
LORNA'S VOICE	m	Mickey, I know the moves! He snaps shut his cell-phone.
TED	m	Mr. Corliss, are you incarcerated at this time?
CORLISS	f	Um, no, now I'm just in the courtroom. Dumb answer draws laughs. ANGLE LOUIS, seething...
TED	m	But you are currently held in the jail-ward at USC hospital?
CORLISS	f	Yes. Since I got arrested.
TED	m	For burglary and drug possession?
CORLISS	f	That's right.
TED	m	Now. Do you know the defendant?
CORLISS	f	Yes. I met him in lock-up. We was bussed over from jail, and then we was together in the tank when we came for first appearance.
TED	m	And did you talk at that time?
CORLISS	f	Yes... we talked about how bad we needed cigarettes.
TED	m	Anything else?
CORLISS	f	You know, "what are you in for?" Like that.
TED	m	Did he say what he was "in for?"
CORLISS	f	He said, "For giving a bitch exactly what she deserved." Those were his words. Reaction Louis, stirs like a caged animal. Mick steadies...
TED	m	I have only one more question. Have I, or has anyone, made you promises to get you to testify?
CORLISS	f	No. It's the right thing to do. Ted sits. Judge turns to Mick-- who's just staring, angrily. Then rises. Like he doesn't know what to do. Louis, the others, watch anxiously. Mick crosses to the front, steals a glance at the rear, SEES KURLEN standing against the wall, LANKFORD AND SOBEL seated in front of him. Then...
MICK	m	How many times have you been arrested, Mr. Corliss?
CORLISS	f	About seven in L.A. Couple of times in Phoenix if you count those.
MICK	m	So you know how the system works?
CORLISS	f	I try to survive...
MICK	m	And sometimes that means ratting out fellow inmates, is that it?
TED	m	Objection, your honor...
JUDGE FULLBRIGHT	m	Take a seat, Mr. Minton. I gave you leeway bringing this witness in.
MICK	m	Thank you, your honor. But I'll rephrase: How many times have you snitched on an inmate? Testified against a fellow inmate for the prosecution?
CORLISS	f	This makes my fourth.
MICK	m	Four times? People just come up and tell you they committed crimes so you can testify against them--
CORLISS	f	People talk to me. I'm a friendly guy. Mick, walks toward Louis, indicates him--
MICK	m	So you and my client were friends--
CORLISS	f	That's right, we was friendly--
MICK	m	And he just said what you said he said, about what the woman "deserved," and then you went back to talking about cigarettes?
CORLISS	f	Not exactly. He was like, bragging. He told me he did it before... Mick freezes... Like he's in a mine field and can't move...
CORLISS	f	He said the other time he killed the bitch... He got away with it then and he would get away with it now.
MICK	m	(staring at Corliss) You... Wait... All eyes on Mick. The Judge prompts...
JUDGE FULLBRIGHT	m	Mr. Haller?
MICK	m	No more questions, your honor.
TED	m	Re-direct, your honor. Fullbright nods permission. While Louis leans over to Mick...
LOUIS	m	What the hell is this?
MICK	m	You tell me! What did you say to this guy?
LOUIS	m	(through gritted teeth) Nothing! This is a set-up! You're doing this!
MICK	m	How? How am I doing this? But Louis has no answer. Meanwhile Ted's taken the floor...
TED	m	You said he was bragging. How?
CORLISS	f	Well, like, he told me the details. About the other one, that he killed.
CORLISS	f	He called her a snake dancer. She danced in some joint where she was like in a snake pit. ANGLE, REACTION DETECTIVE KURLEN, he leans forward at this... SAME TIME, REACTION at the defense table: Mick, "alarmed," low to Louis--
MICK	m	How does he know this?
LOUIS	m	Do you think I know?
MICK	m	If you didn't tell him this shit somebody did. Who? Start thinking! RESUME Ted, moving closer to Corliss--
TED	m	Is there anything else he told you?
CORLISS	f	No, that snake-girl stuff was it.
TED	m	(after a beat) Then no further questions, your honor. Ted sits. The look he gives Mick in passing is one of abounding confidence. Mick stews... Swivels around... Covert glance, MICK'S POV, looks to see if Kurlen is where he was, against the wall. He's not. He's gone. So is Lankford. And the courtroom door still swings slightly, as if they've just left... While IN FRONT:
JUDGE FULLBRIGHT	m	Any re-cross from the defense? Mick rises to answer, hesitates-- and just then turns to see Lorna enter and approach down the aisle.
MICK	m	A moment with my staff, Judge?
JUDGE FULLBRIGHT	m	Be quick. He meets Lorna at the gate. Brings his head close to hers--
LORNA	f	This is where I whisper in your ear, tell you stuff...
MICK	m	(takes a file from her) It's all here, right? You go now, I don't want anyone talking to you.
LORNA	f	Damn. She goes, he returns to the table. Before Louis can speak:
MICK	m	I don't know what's going on here, but it won't matter if it's two murders or a hundred if I can show he's a liar--
LOUIS	m	If you set me up I swear I'll--
MICK	m	Just tell me if there's anything else he knows. Anything else I have to stay away from.
LOUIS	m	I don't know because I never talked to him. I'm not that stupid.
MICK	m	It doesn't matter. If I destroy him none of it counts...
LOUIS	m	(from his gut) Then destroy him. A command. Mick nods. Returns to the witness Corliss--
MICK	m	Dwayne, if I can call you that--
CORLISS	f	It's what people call me--
MICK	m	Don't they also call you D.J.? For example, down in Phoenix, right?
CORLISS	f	Maybe. He's a bit wary. Mick looks through the file Lorna brought--
MICK	m	Because you know, my assistant, she was just reading on the internet about D.J. Corliss-- arrested in Phoenix, 1989 on drug charges-- Hometown of Mesa, Arizona?
CORLISS	f	Yeah, that'd be me. But--
MICK	m	You remember Fred Bentley, right? Corliss, darkens, stumbles at this-- Ted's quick--
TED	m	I object, your honor, where is the defense going with this?
JUDGE FULLBRIGHT	m	Connect the dots soon, Mr. Haller. But the witness can answer.
CORLISS	f	I don't remember any Bentley--
MICK	m	Sure you do. You testified that he confessed to you the crime he was charged with-- rape of a ten-year- old girl-- even though he denied his guilt in court. Am .I ringing any bells, D.J.?
CORLISS	f	Uh-- 1989, I was high a lot, there's not much I recall--
MICK	m	Then I'd like you to read this to us, D.J. It's a printout of a news story from the Arizona Star, 1997, that's eight years after he was convicted. I ask that it be admitted into evidence--
TED	m	Your honor? A news report?
JUDGE FULLBRIGHT	m	Let's see where it takes us. The state can object later. Mick hands printout to the bailiff, who gives it to Corliss.
MICK	m	I've marked the paragraph.
CORLISS	f	I ain't too good at reading... (clears his throat) "A man, Frederick Bentley, wrongly convicted of rape, was released Saturday after con-- --conclusive DNA results cleared him of the crime. The case was bolstered at trial by testimony from an informant, D.J. Corliss of Mesa, who claimed Bentley had-- bragged to him about the rape while together in a holding cell--"
MICK	m	That's enough. (takes it from him) Were you charged with perjury for that incident, D.J.?
CORLISS	f	No I was not.
MICK	m	Was that because the police were complicit in your confession?
TED	m	(rises, angry--) Judge, how can the witness know what went into the D.A.'s decision?
MICK	m	(ignores, over--) Were you promised the same deal here, Mr. Corliss? To say that Louis Roulet "bragged" to you in the "holding cell?"
JUDGE FULLBRIGHT	m	Alright, Mr. Haller, that will do!
MICK	m	(Ceases. Angry.) Sorry. I have no more questions. And Mick sits. Courtroom's hushed. Until--
JUDGE FULLBRIGHT	m	I'm excusing the jury for an early lunch. Bailiff, see them out. Maintains a smile as the jurors leave. Then her smile dies.
JUDGE FULLBRIGHT	m	Mr. Minton do you know what you have done? You've put a documented liar on the stand, a man with a record of putting innocent people
TED	m	Your honor, I--
JUDGE FULLBRIGHT	m	You shut the fuck up when I'm talking to you! I can think of nothing more prejudicial or corrupt than what I just saw out therel (in a rage now--) Do you realize what you've done to my trial?
MICK	m	He's going to see his boss. To decide what to do before the judge comes down with a directed verdict.
LOUIS	m	What's a directed verdict?
MICK	m	She takes it out of the jury's hand and declares an acquittal.
MARY WINDSOR	f	Oh my god...
MICK	m	We'll know in a few minutes. And heads off. Louis's cold stare, watches him go...
LOUIS	m	I'm not celebrating just yet, Mick.
MICK	m	Yeah I can see that.
LOUIS	m	I want to know how Corliss got that shit he was saying.
MICK	m	Let it go. You're getting what you want, I'm getting you off...
LOUIS	m	What I want is get off for good. Leans into him. Pushes a hand into his back. A threat.
LOUIS	m	You'd better understand that. You've got enough reasons to be afraid of me already. When-- DOOR OPENS-- the courtroom CLERK, BILL, enters.
CLERK BILL	m	It's starting.
TED	m	I just spoke to the District Attorney, your honor. The state wishes to dismiss all charges. Here's a motion... Mick, Louis, watch Ted hand it to Fullbright...
TED	m	It acknowledges that the procedures which guarantee justice were not followed in this case...
JUDGE FULLBRIGHT	m	(as she reads) This is a motion to dismiss with prejudice. No coming back. Ever.
TED	m	Yes, your honor.
MARY WINDSOR	f	Mr. Haller, thank you for my son...
DOBBS	m	You were splendid-- And Louis. Private, a few feet away. Smiles...
LOUIS	m	I knew I wasn't wrong about you...
MICK	m	I want the gun.
LOUIS	m	Of course you do. No more can be said, because Mrs. Windsor-- descends on Mick--
MARY WINDSOR	f	Mr. Haller, this time I insist you come to Orso for a celebration--
MICK	m	I don't think so. Mary would insist, but before she can, OUT OF THE ELEVATOR comes KURLEN-- with LANKFORD AND SOBEL. Mick freezes, expects the worst-- but they move AROUND him and CLOSE IN ON:
KURLEN	?	Louis Roulet, you are under arrest. Turn around and place your hands behind your back.
LOUIS	m	(as Kurlen cuffs him) Mick? This shouldn't be happening. Mrs. Windsor rushes Kurlen-- Sobel tries forcing her back--
MARY WINDSOR	f	No! Take your hands off my son!
LOUIS	m	Mother. Louis' voice controls her. Stricken, Mary gives up. Then--
DOBBS	m	What are you arresting him for?
KURLEN	?	(starting to take Louis) Suspicion of murder. The murder of Martha Renteria.
DOBBS	m	That snake-dancer nonsense? Are you crazy? Everything that man Corliss said was a lie! Which stops Kurlen. He grins, confirmed.
KURLEN	?	If it was all lies, how'd you know I meant the snake dancer? Dobbs sees his mistake. Kurlen begins again to take Louis--
MICK	m	A moment with my client, Detective? Kurlen nods, why not. Mick leads Louis a few steps away.
MICK	m	This is it, Louis. I got you off. Now get yourself a new lawyer.
LOUIS	m	You're forgetting I have the gun...
MICK	m	Yeah, and you'll have to explain how you got it. But you know what? I've stopped giving a shit. You're going down, and Martinez is getting out, and that's all I care about.
MICK	m	When they stick that needle in your arm, that will be me.
LOUIS	m	And what if I don't go down? But Mick's finished, ready to leave, though Louis persists...
LOUIS	m	Because I don't think they have enough to hold me. I could be out by tomorrow... You've got women, you've got a daughter... At this, Mick's head snaps to him, angrily...
LOUIS	m	You can't protect everybody. Kurlen arrives, takes Louis's elbow... Mick's already moving to the elevators... watched by SOBEL.
MICK	m	Please tell me you've got enough on Louis for the murder of Renteria.
SOBEL	m	We will. We have the ticket.
MICK	m	What ticket?
SOBEL	m	The parking ticket, that Raul found. That was the phone message he left you... (Sees Mick doesn't know) Raul checked. Louis got one at a meter outside the victim's place, same time she was murdered.
MICK	m	What about Raul's murder? Do you have him for that?
SOBEL	m	No. We still don't know how he could have slipped the tracer anklet. (before Mick can ask more) Haller? Leave it alone.
EARL	m	Mr. Haller? Got that thing you asked for. And he hands Mick something wrapped in a towel: A GUN. Mick, puts it away, in the armrest. A bit regretful, because:
MICK	m	I said I'd never do this. Ask you to violate your parole.
EARL	m	It's called, lookin' out for your blood. Mick sits back. Earl pops in a RAP CD, TUPAC.
TUPAC	m	"To be a man in this wicked land..."
MICK	m	Yeah?
MAGGIE'S VOICE	m	Mick, it's Maggie...
MICK	m	Uh-huh, I've been waiting for this. You're calling to congratulate me.
MAGGIE'S VOICE	m	No, listen to me: Roulet is out!
MICK	m	What? They've had him half a dayl
MAGGIE	f	I know... but the D.A. downtown said the detectives didn't have enough, they had to kick him...
MICK	m	I knew it, they jumped the gun... dammit...
MAGGIE	f	They've still got the parking ticket... and they're working forensics on the knife...
MICK	m	Maggie... Look... There's more to this. Louis knows about Hayley.
MAGGIE	f	(takes this in: furious:) What are you saying? How could you expose her to--
MICK	m	I've got her picture in the house! He saw itl Where is she now?
MAGGIE	f	(thinking, checks watch--) On the schoolbus-- the sitter's on the way to pick her up on Ventura, near the house--
MICK	m	Get her on the cell and tell her not to take Hayley home, keep her with her til you get there! How long will it take you?
MICK	m	Call me when you've reached the sitter. He hangs up. Thinking-- then dials a number--
VAL	f	Valenzeula.
MICK	m	Val it's me. Mickey Haller.
VAL	f	I should hang up on you. The shit you talked to me!
MICK	m	Don't hang up, Val! I need a favor--
VAL	f	You got balls even askin'--
MICK	m	--it's my family, Val. Maggie, Hayley-- they're in danger.
VAL	f	This is Roulet, right?
MICK	m	Does he still have the ankle- bracelet on him?
VAL	f	Yeah, he must, he didn't come by the office and I'm the only one can take it off...
MICK	m	Then turn on the trace, Val. Now!
VAL	f	(watching it, into phone:) I got him...
MICK	m	Where is he?
VAL	f	He's movin'... on Sunset...
MICK	m	Is he coming to my house?
VAL	f	Could be, yeah, he's going west, heading up Laurel Canyon... Mick, nods... glance toward his gun... Then... PHONE BEEPS in his ear, Call Waiting--
MICK	m	Stay there, Val-- (switch/into phone) Maggie?
MAGGIE'S VOICE	m	I reached the sitter, she'll keep Hayley at the bus-stop...
MICK	m	Good. As soon as you've got her, take her somewhere safe. And call me. (shifts calls/to Val--) Where is he, Val?
VAL	f	I see him but I don't know where he's goin'...
MICK	m	What?
VAL	f	He's not goin' to your house. Sonofabitch sailed right past the turn... SCREEN, CURSOR travelling...
MICK	m	So where's he going?
VAL	f	He's heading for the Valley.
MICK	m	Fuck, he's going to Maggie's. Keep track of him. Hangs up again. Looks around-- as if looking for an idea-- then, frantic, looks up a number-- can't find it, finds it-- dials-- it rings-- Cold sweat til somebody answers--
MICK	m	Eddie? Eddie Vogel? It's Mick Haller...
MICK	m	Yes?
VAL'S VOICE	m	Mick, it's me...
VAL	f	Where's Maggie live? What street?
VAL	f	He's almost there, Mick.
MICK	m	Maggie be there, Maggie pick up...
MAGGIE'S VOICE	m	Hello...
MICK	m	Maggie!
MAGGIE'S VOICE	m	You've reached the cell-phone of Maggie McPherson...
MARY WINDSOR	f	You took my son away from me! She raises her gun again-- Mick FIRES AT HER FROM INSIDE THE JACKET. Her body jerks back, she falls... Mick, stunned, lies there... He watches, through the haze of his condition, as Mary Windsor's fallen body jerks, on the floor... CUT TO,
MICK	m	(forces out the words) They're down! I'm shot! Suddenly LANKFORD & SOBEL are through the door-- Lankford sees Mary on the floor, while--
SOBEL	m	Don't move, Haller-- She rushes to him. Lankford's already on his phone--
LANKFORD	m	This is Lankford, we've got a shooting, twelve-twelve Creek off Laurel, we need paramedics, ambulance transport for two-- During which he's checking Mary Windsor's body, revises--
LANKFORD	m	Transport for one. Rings off. Sobel takes Mick's hand, presses it to his wound--
SOBEL	m	Press hard and keep pressing. Mick's hand is on a blood-soaked hole, hurting like hell... while Lankford makes another call...
LANKFORD	m	Yeah, it's Lankford again. Tell them it's over, they can grab Roulet and bring him in... He what? So, bring him to the Emergency Room first, then bring him in! (rings off; to Sobel) Dig this. The uniforms had some help picking up Roulet. Some motorcycle gang was already beating the shit out of him.
MICK	m	(figures it out--) The police were tailing him?
SOBEL	m	(She levels.) We thought he'd come after you. We couldn't tell you. The truth is we had plenty on him for killing Renteria. Jesus Martinez will be released. But we wanted Roulet for Levin, too. I told you: We had to find out how he beat the trace. Now we know. (her glance goes to Mary
WINDSOR)	?	It was almost perfect. He's still wearing the anklet...
MICK	m	I know...
SOBEL	m	And it puts him half a city away. Just like last time. They share a look at the cleverness of it. When--
LANKFORD	m	Look at this. Mick looks, HIS WOOZY POV AGAIN: Lankford, wearing a glove, lifts Mary's gun. Pearl-handled: The WOODSMAN. Admiring--
LANKFORD	m	They don't make'm like this anymore. Mick, makes a shape with his free hand. The "Longhorns" sign: inner fingers pointing down. Like Raul made.
MICK	m	"W." Mrs. Windsor. Which is the last thing he manages to say before blanking.
MAGGIE	f	I didn't know you were awake. He looks at her. Questioning.
MAGGIE	f	Don't worry, we haven't been living here. We did, for a while. When you were touch and go. Mick. Returns his gaze to-- HAYLEY, going branch to branch.
MAGGIE	f	I'd better get her down, she can get hurt up there--
MICK	m	You can get hurt anywhere. Let her climb. An almost normal tone of voice. She smiles. CUT TO,
MICK	m	Keep your speed up, Earl... He's IN THE BACK-SEAT, IT'S A MESS... He's scribbling on papers as they ride... His CELL-PHONE RINGS...
MICK	m	This is Haller.

