VOICE 	m	... Yes. Parrish blinks, has he heard something, has he not, he is not sure, he releases his arm, his grimace of pain fades, the discomfort seems momentarily to have subsided. He rises now, crosses to the bathroom.  As he pees, a breeze outside the window, the wind again, but then the Voice comes up:
VOICE 	m	Yes... It is unmistakably a Voice, it is not the wind, Parrish has heard something, he looks around, but no one is there.  He can't finish peeing, turns back to his bedroom.  All beweild- ered, Parrish looks around once more, climbs back into bed, trying to trace the source of what he has heard or hasn't heard; he is not sure. He pulls the covers up now, not a SOUND, tries to close his eyes. 
VOICE 	m	Yes. Parrish sits up again, frightened, but still there is no one there, he seems fraught with indecision, should he get up, should he not, what is happening?  He looks out: absolute stillness and silence, CRICKETS chirp down by the river, a light FLICKERS from a shadboat, Parrish closes his eyes but then they flutter open, he glances up at the ceiling and finally, exhausted, falls back asleep.
PAINTER	m	The big tent, Miss Allison --
ALLISON	f	Paint is rust and moss green. Medieval colors -- Daddy's like an old knight. A Florist stops her.
FLORIST	m	The head table --?
ALLISON	f	What about it?
FLORIST	m	The flowers, ma'am--?
ALLISON	f	Freesia, freesia, everywhere.  Daddy loves freesia -- and you, over there, lights.  Not too bright.  I'm looking for a saffron glow -- sort of tea- dance twenties.
PARRISH	m	What do you think of all this, May?
MAY	f	It's going to be beautiful.  And Miss Allison says the President may come.
PARRISH	m	Oh, the President's got better things to do than come to my birthday party.
MAY	f	(smiling) What? Parrish grins, continues on, is intercepted by Allison who, on catching sight of him, bounces in from the terrace.
ALLISON	f	Daddy!
PARRISH	m	Hi, Allison --
ALLISON	f	Have you got a minute?
PARRISH	m	Not much more.  Big day in the big city.  What's on your mind?
ALLISON	f	Fireworks.  Update -- we're con- structing the number '65' on the barge, archers from the State College at New Paltz will shoot flaming arrows at it, when it catches fire it will give us the effect of a Viking funeral with none of the morbidity... The Hudson River Authority says, for you, they'll make a special dispensation - of course there'll be an overtime bill for the Poughkeepsie Fire Dept...
PARRISH	m	Allison, I trust you.  This is your thing.
ALLISON	f	But it's your birthday. Parrish smiles complaisantly, they continue on into a break- fast room where SUSAN, 30, Parrish's younger daughter, is grazing at a table laden with cereals and fruits and coffee.
SUSAN	f	Good morning, Dad.
PARRISH	m	Hi, honey.
ALLISON	f	(to Susan) I'm Allison, you're 'honey'.
SUSAN	f	(smiling) Drew called from the AStar, they're still two minutes away.
PARRISH	m	Drew's aboard?
SUSAN	f	He wanted to ride back down with you. Now sit and relax, get some- thing in that flat tummy of yours -- But Parrish only pours coffee. SUSAN (cont'd) (to Allison) You coming?
ALLISON	f	You've got patients waiting, I've got three hysterical chefs, one loves truffles, the other hates truffles, the third one doesn't know what truffles are.  I'd better drive down. Parrish gazes at the going-on outside which are increasing in intensity.
PARRISH	m	(unconsciously) I hate parties --
ALLISON	f	Calm down, Daddy, you'll see, you're going to love it.
PARRISH	m	Isn't it enough to be on this earth sixty-five years without having to be reminded of it.
ALLISON	f	No. Allison goes, Susan observes Parrish fidgeting.
SUSAN	f	Will you relax?  I know it is a big deal day --
PARRISH	m	How did you know?
SUSAN	f	Drew told me.
PARRISH	m	Does Drew tell you everything?
SUSAN	f	I hope so.
PARRISH	m	You like him, don't you?
SUSAN	f	Yeah.  I guess so. A moment.
PARRISH	m	I don't like to interfere.
SUSAN	f	...Then don't. The helicopter CHOPS in overhead. SUSAN (cont'd) -- Here comes our boy now -- Shall we?
QUINCE	m	...This shit's not bad.
AMBROSE	m	-- The late harvest Riesling, Mr. Quince, a possibility for dessert.
QUINCE	m	(pointing to another  bottle) And that?
AMBROSE	m	Pinot Grigio.  We're considering it for the appetizer. Ambrose takes a sip, swishes the wine in his mouth, spits it in a bucket.
QUINCE	m	What do you do that for?
AMBROSE	m	Well sir, it's 9:30 in the morning.
QUINCE	m	9:30's almost 10:30.  Where I come from, the sun's over the yardarm, m'boy, and the cocktail lamp is lit. Quince drains his wine, presents it for a refill, when he is hailed by Allison.
ALLISON	f	Quince!  Everybody's waiting! Quince downs this glass too, runs for the helicopter as DREW, 34, a young man going places, emerges from it, approaches Parrish and Susan.
DREW	m	(to Susan) Hello, Beautiful.
SUSAN	f	Hi. Drew kisses her, over her shoulder he glances at Parrish.
PARRISH	m	Good morning, Drew.  Thanks for coming out.
DREW	m	Well, it's a big day.  Wanted to line up a few ducks before kickoff. Any thoughts?  Last minute refine- ments or variations?
PARRISH	m	'Thoughts'?  Not a one -- but I did hear a voice last night.
DREW	m	A voice?
PARRISH	m	In my sleep.
DREW	m	What'd it say?
PARRISH	m	'Yes'.
DREW	m	'Yes' to the deal?
PARRISH	m	Maybe, who knows?  You know how voices are.  Let's go. Quince comes running up now.
QUINCE	m	Hi, Bill --
PARRISH	m	Good morning, Quince.
QUINCE	m	How're you doing--?
PARRISH	m	I'm doing great.  You ready?
QUINCE	m	I am, this is it.  B Day.
PARRISH	m	How's that, Quince?
QUINCE	m	Bontecou Day.  Going to close with Big John -- Look at you, Bill, all cool as a cat and over at Bontecou's, I'll bet he's shitting in his pants.
ALLISON	f	(to Quince) Honey, please.
QUINCE	m	Okay.  All aboard - New York, New York!
ALLISON	f	Remember everybody, tonight, dinner in the city at Daddy's.  You too, Drew.  We've still got some loose ends --
PARRISH	m	Not my birthday again?
SUSAN	f	You're only six-five once.
PARRISH	m	Thank God.  Now could we go?  Let's get this day started. Drew ushers everybody on, first Parrish, then Susan and Quince, Drew the last to climb on, shuts the door behind him As Allison hurries away from the whirling rotors.
SUSAN	f	I thought you were in a meeting--?
PARRISH	m	I am.  With you. He peers up ahead at Drew, on the telephone and gesticulat- ing intensely, right at home in the cockpit despite the CHOP of the blades and the pilot pressed up against him. PARRISH (cont'd) Do you love Drew?
SUSAN	f	...There's a start for a meeting.
PARRISH	m	I know it's none of my business -- Susan doesn't answer for a moment, then impulsively kisses her father on the cheek.
SUSAN	f	No, it's none of your business. Another moment.
PARRISH	m	Do you love Drew?
SUSAN	f	You mean like you loved Mom?
PARRISH	m	Forget about me and Mom -- are you going to marry him?
SUSAN	f	Probably. A moment.
PARRISH	m	(smiles) Don't get carried away.
SUSAN	f	Uh oh --
PARRISH	m	Susan, you're a hell of a woman. You've got a great career, you're beautiful --
SUSAN	f	And I'm your daughter and no man will ever be good enough for me.
PARRISH	m	Well, I wasn't going to say that --
SUSAN	f	What were you going to say?
PARRISH	m	Listen, I'm crazy about the guy -- He's smart, he's aggressive, he could carry Parrish Communications into the 21st century and me along with it.
SUSAN	f	So what's wrong with that?
PARRISH	m	That's for me.  I'm talking about you.  It's not so much what you say about Drew, it's what you don't say.
SUSAN	f	You're not listening --
PARRISH	m	Oh yes, I am.  Not an ounce of excitement, not a whisper of a thrill, this relationship has all the passion of a pair of titmice.
SUSAN	f	Don't get dirty, Dad --
PARRISH	m	Well, it worries me.  I want you to get swept away.  I want you to levitate.  I want you to sing with rapture and dance like a dervish.
SUSAN	f	That's all?
PARRISH	m	Be deliriously happy.  Or at least leave yourself open to be.
SUSAN	f	'Be deliriously happy'.  I'm going to do my upmost -- He smiles.
PARRISH	m	I know it's a cornball thing but love is passion, obsession, someone you can't live without.  If you don't start with that, what are you going to end up with?  I say fall head over heels.  Find someone you can love like crazy and who'll love you the same way back.  And how do you find him?  Forget your head and listen to your heart.  I'm not hearing any heart. (a moment) Run the risk, if you get hurt, you'll come back.  Because, the truth is there is no sense living your life without this.  To make the journey and not fall deeply in love -- well, you haven't lived a life at all. You have to try.  Because if you haven't tried, you haven't lived.
SUSAN	f	Bravo.
PARRISH	m	Aw, you're tough.
SUSAN	f	I'm sorry.  But give it to me again. The short version.
PARRISH	m	Stay open.  Who knows?  Lightning could strike. Silence. PARRISH (cont'd) Forgive the lecture --
SUSAN	f	I won't.  And when I tell Drew about it, he won't either.
PARRISH	m	You won't tell him, and even if you did, he'd clock it and punch it into his laptop in order to pull out some key phrases when he gives the Commencement Speech at Wharton.
SUSAN	f	You're terrible.
PARRISH	m	I know.  But I'm the only father you've got. She kisses him on the cheek.
SUSAN	f	Thank God.
PARRISH	m	He doesn't care.  But thanks anyway.
QUINCE	m	Hey, this is it, the hour approach- es, I'm getting all excited.  So what do you think, is it -- (indicates Drew and  Parrish) -- just the 'Executive Committee' or could you guys use me?
DREW	m	Quince, m'man, thanks for the offer, but it's all set for just me and Bill. More people might --
QUINCE	m	I know.  Gum up the works. Parrish is about to make some reassuring comment to Quince when the Voice suddenly intrudes:
VOICE 	m	'...I know, it's none of my business.'
PARRISH	m	What?
DREW	m	I was saying to Quince we won't need --
PARRISH	m	Did you just hear something?
DREW	m	Why yes, Bill, I was saying to Quince --
PARRISH	m	No no, not you.
SUSAN	f	Daddy, what's the matter?
PARRISH	m	Nothing.  I'm sorry. A respectful silence, the elevator continues downwards, suddenly the Voice intrudes again:
VOICE 	m	'...I want you to levitate.  I want you to sing with rapture and dance like a dervish.' Parrish grunts bizarrely, Susan notices and reacts:
SUSAN	f	What is it, Daddy --?
PARRISH	m	Nothing. Parrish's eyes dart about, confirming no one has heard a thing but him. PARRISH (cont'd) Just talking to myself again.  You know me -- The elevator door opens.
PARRISH	m	Well, here we are -- Parrish leads the group out.
SUSAN	f	(to Parrish) Are you okay?
PARRISH	m	A-Okay.  Got my gloves on, my ears pricked.  I'm ready for action.
SUSAN	f	Well, go get 'em, Pops.
PARRISH	m	Yer damn right. Parrish, followed by Drew, steps into a waiting limousine, Quince looks longingly after them.  Susan, blowing a kiss goodbye to her father, steps out into the street to hustle a cab.
DREW	m	...Tomorrow we sign off -- photo opportunity, you and Big John, it'll lead network news.  Okay so far?
PARRISH	m	Sounds good.
DREW	m	It's going to be great --
PARRISH	m	Do you think I need a haircut?
DREW	m	Bill, after this deal, you'll be able to afford one. Parrish smiles, they step into the elevator.
DREW	m	Their PR guy asked me, what did I think Parrish Communications stood for, that's principle and ethics- wise?  I came up with something, but then it occurred to me, why don't I ask Bill?  What do you think? A moment, Parrish shrugs.
PARRISH	m	Our first annual report, must be thirty-five years ago now, I owned two stations, I wrote down a state- ment of purpose, that one day you would wake up to a Parrish radio station, read a Parrish paper at breakfast, catch our news on tele- vision during the day, and go to bed with one of our books or magazines and you would always be told the truth and in the bargain, have a good time.
DREW	m	That's great!  Wait 'til I show it to Bontecou. Drew opens a door, a conference room, a circle of top exec- utives, now stepping out from the group is a huge, white- haired man, JOHN BONTECOU, 55.
BONTECOU	?	Bill, thanks for coming over... (to Drew) And how're you doing today, Drew? (to Parrish) You've got a firecracker here, the kid's really set the table.
PARRISH	m	Good, good.  Glad to hear it.
BONTECOU	?	We've met before, y'know, that White House function, the President had you on his right and you know where I was?
PARRISH	m	I'm sorry, I don't recall --
BONTECOU	?	Left field somewhere.  Well, Bill, I want to come in from the outfield, bat cleanup like you have, learn the plush ropes --
PARRISH	m	I thought you were buying my company.
BONTECOU	?	Oh, Mr. Parrish, I could never buy Parrish Communications.  I could pay for it, of course, but it would always have your imprint. Silence.  Parrish looks around at the circle of 'suits', Bontecou holding away.
PARRISH	m	Well, that's very nice to hear. Drew nods excitedly.
YOUNG MAN	m	...Honey, you've got to go on... there's a time to sow and a time to reap, you sow now and forget about him... yeah, I liked him, I don't like him anymore... because you're my honey and anybody messes with you messes with me -- I'm on a plane in a minute... as soon as I get my phone in, you're my first call, that's a promise... where you going now?... good, hit the books, get that degree, one day we'll hang out a shingle together... you bet, honey... later. The Young Man hangs up, turns around and sits down to an overflowing plate of eggs and meat, potatoes and toast, the counterman refills his cup and the Young Man ties into the breakfast, eating it with such relish that Susan can't take her eyes off him.  He senses her eyes, glances over, his cheeks filled with a mouthful of food, swallows embarrassedly.
YOUNG MAN	m	Good morning, I was talking kind of loud there, sorry.
SUSAN	f	Not at all.  It was fascinating.
YOUNG MAN	m	Oh yeah?  What was 'fascinating' about it?
SUSAN	f	You and 'Honey'?
YOUNG MAN	m	My kid sister.  She just broke up with her boyfriend and she's thinking about dropping out of law school.
SUSAN	f	I'm sorry --
YOUNG MAN	m	Nothing to be sorry about.  That's the way with men and women, isn't it?
SUSAN	f	What's the way?
YOUNG MAN	m	Nothing lasts.
SUSAN	f	I agree --
YOUNG MAN	m	Why?
SUSAN	f	I was just being agreeable, now I've got to explain why?
YOUNG MAN	m	I'm not trying to sharpshoot you, but that 'nothing lasts' stuff, that's what was the trouble with Honey's guy.  He was fooling around and Honey caught him at it.  One girlfriend wasn't enough for him.
SUSAN	f	So you're a one-girl guy?
YOUNG MAN	m	Damn right.  Looking for her right now.  Who knows?  You might be her. Susan laughs. YOUNG MAN (cont'd) Well, don't laugh.  I just arrived in town, got a new job -- I'm trying to get into this apartment.  You a doctor?
SUSAN	f	How'd you know?
YOUNG MAN	m	Everybody's a doctor around here. This apartment house is all green pajamas and slippers.  The guy I'm waiting for to vacate is a doctor. What kind of doctor?
SUSAN	f	Me?  Internal medicine. The Young Man smiles.
YOUNG MAN	m	So if I needed a doctor, you could be it?
SUSAN	f	I could be her.
YOUNG MAN	m	'Her'. A moment.
SUSAN	f	Yes, I could. (a moment) I have an office in the hospital.
YOUNG MAN	m	-- This is my lucky day.  I arrive in this big bad city and I not only find a doctor, a beautiful woman as well. Susan looks into her coffee. YOUNG MAN (cont'd) I'm sorry, you mind my saying that?
SUSAN	f	Not at all.
YOUNG MAN	m	How 'bout another cup of coffee?
SUSAN	f	I've got patients coming in --
YOUNG MAN	m	And I want to get into my apartment and go to work.  Please, what do you say, another cup of coffee? Two pots are warming behind the counter, he reaches over and refills her cup and his.  Pushes a container and pitcher to- wards her. YOUNG MAN (cont'd) I see you use lots of sugar and cream.  Me, too... They smile at each other, fix up their coffee.
DREW	m	I'm all excited --
PARRISH	m	Me, too.
DREW	m	I thought it was great, I thought you and Big John would be like a couple of bulls in a china shop -- (faltering) Instead it was --
PARRISH	m	Like a marriage made in heaven?
DREW	m	You have a way with words. They stride to the main bank of elevators.
JENIFER	f	Good morning, Mr. Parrish.
PARRISH	m	Hi, Jennifer. Drew is still at Parrish's heels, but now Parrish stops at the open door, turns back to him, reminding Drew that this is as far as he goes without being invited.
DREW	m	So... Board convenes tomorrow, you'll recommend, we close and it's a deal, right?
PARRISH	m	As close as a deal could be.
DREW	m	(bursting) Olympic. Parrish disappears into his office.  Drew, on his way out, glides past Jennifer's desk. DREW (cont'd) This is our lucky day. Jennifer acknowledges Drew with a smile, rises and moves to Parrish's doorway, waiting for the day's instructions, but Parrish only nods to the door and Jennifer quickly closes it, returns to her desk.
VOICE 	m	Yes. Frozen with surprise, Parrish's eyes search the room for the source of the SOUND, it comes from no particular direction, yet surrounds him.  Suddenly Parrish's symptoms sharply intensify, he is sinking to the floor but somehow grabs a corner of the desk, holds on with one hand, with the other clutches at his shoulder and arm, the pain has violently seized the upper part of his body.  He breaks out in a sweat, his pallor now waxen as the Voice repeats itself: VOICE (V.O., cont'd) ...Yes. Parrish grips the edge of the desk, the pain assaulting him on the one hand, the Voice coming at him from the outer, each aberration feeds on the other, he is beside himself, consumed with pain and bewildered by what seems to be a hallucination but which he is certain is not.  Parrish is possessed.  He angles his face in every direction, arbi- trarily chooses one and now embarrassedly, unconsciously, enrage, responds to the Voice.
PARRISH	m	'Yes' what?
VOICE	m	'Yes' is the answer to your question.
PARRISH	m	I didn't ask any question.
VOICE	m	I believe you did. Parrish is absolutely confounded, seized up with pain and consternation at this unseen Voice which has such presence and reality.
PARRISH	m	Who are you? Silence. PARRISH (cont'd) Goddammit, what is going on?!
VOICE	m	I think you know --
PARRISH	m	I don't!
VOICE	m	Try.  Because 'if you haven't tried, you haven't lived'. A moment.
PARRISH	m	What are you talking about?
VOICE	m	What you were talking about. Parrish gasps.
PARRISH	m	What is this?  Who is this fucking guy? He holds on tight to the corner of the desk, sweat dripping, his skin ashen.  Now he addresses the Voice again, searching for it in another direction: PARRISH (cont'd) Tell me who you are!
VOICE	m	Are you giving me orders?
PARRISH	m	I'm sorry, I --
VOICE	m	No, you're not.  You're trying to 'handle' the situation but this is the one situation you knew you never could handle. A spasm, the worst one yet, finally it subsides and there is an eerie silence in the room, a VOID, almost more disturbing than the voice that has filled it.
PARRISH	m	Where are you?  Are you there?
VOICE	m	It's enough now.
PARRISH	m	Please.  Talk to me --
VOICE	m	There's going to be plenty of time for that.
PARRISH	m	What do you mean?!
VOICE	m	I think you know --
PARRISH	m	Know what? (a moment) Know what, goddammit! The VOICE is gone.  Parrish searches the corner, but the room has lost the quality it had when it was inhabited by the VOICE, it is now just Parrish's office.  Faint SQUEALS of traffic from the street, then a KNOCK at the door. Parrish touches his shoulder, the pain is gone, but he is still wet with sweat, the KNOCK again.  Parrish straightens himself up, adjusts his tie, runs his fingers through his hair, blinks as he addresses the door.
PARRISH	m	(carefully) Come in. Jennifer enters.
JENIFER	f	I've been buzzing you, Mr. Parrish. Are you all right?
PARRISH	m	Sure.
JENIFER	f	Lunch is 'in' today, have you given it any thought --_
PARRISH	m	(interrupting) No.  Nothing.
JENIFER	f	Nothing? Parrish is within himself, doesn't answer. JENIFER (cont'd) Why don't I think of something? Parrish still doesn't answer, however Jennifer is satisfied, correctly hearing his silence as an affirmative.  She has her hand on the door, 'Open' or 'Closed'?  He nods and she closes it. Utter silence again.  Parrish's eyes search the room, nothing there.
YOUNG MAN	m	...It's kind of a pro bono job.
SUSAN	f	'Pro bono'.  That means doing good -- Going to be doing good all your life?
YOUNG MAN	m	I know what you're saying.  Doesn't pay very well.  Depends on the woman I marry.  Maybe she'd like a bigger house, a better car, lotsa kids, college doesn't come cheap --
SUSAN	f	You'd give up what you want for the woman you marry?
YOUNG MAN	m	I would. Susan rises now, the Young Man with her, leaving money for their checks they head for the door. YOUNG MAN (cont'd) If I married you, I'd want to give you what you wanted, I know it's old fashioned and all that, but what's wrong with taking care of a woman?  She takes care of you.
SUSAN	f	You'll have a hard time finding a woman like that these days --
YOUNG MAN	m	You never know.  Lightning could strike. Susan at the door now, pauses abruptly, her eyes on the Young Man.
SUSAN	f	I've got to go --
YOUNG MAN	m	Did I say something wrong?
SUSAN	f	No, it was so right it scares me.
YOUNG MAN	m	I've been thinking... I don't want you to be my doctor.  Because I don't want you to examine me.
SUSAN	f	Why?
YOUNG MAN	m	Because I like you so much. (a moment) You have coffee here every morning, don't you?  If I came by, could you give me the name of a doctor? Another moment.
SUSAN	f	Sure, I'll give you the name of a doctor. (a moment) ...And I don't want to examine you.
YOUNG MAN	m	Why not?
SUSAN	f	Because I like you so much.  Now I've got to go. She hurries away down the sidewalk, the Young Man watching her.  Now he turns and starts off in the opposite direction.
ALLISON	f	...Music, I know how you love music, Daddy, and I want to have music that pleases you -- and of course doesn't put a thousand other people to sleep -- I've agonized over this and finally settled on Sidney Brown, twenty-four men, very eclectic, plus I'm feathering in a Latin sextet on their breaks - Tito Puente, Trini Lopez-zy, I forget their names -- Parrish has tuned Allison out, he tried to stay with it, but his mind has wandered, the event of the day too much with him. ALLISON (cont'd) You haven't heard a word, have you? I keep talking and all you do is nod like Mr. Himmelfass in The Nutcracker. Parrish still doesn't answer. ALLISON (cont'd) You don't care, do you?
PARRISH	m	What, honey?
ALLISON	f	I lay awake nights in a cold sweat, I want this party to be like some- thing Mom would have made for you, I want it to be perfect --
PARRISH	m	(attentive now) I know you do, darling.
ALLISON	f	And you could care less --
PARRISH	m	Oh, you couldn't be more wrong, sweetheart.  I can' tell you how much I appreciate it and how I'm looking forward to it.
ALLISON	f	Good.  Songs.  What songs should Sidney -- Pancho and his six men we can forget about -- what songs do you think he should play? A stab of pain, Parrish discreetly grabs his upper arm but manages to keep his attention on Allison.
PARRISH	m	Tell it to me again. Suddenly, the Voice cuts in:
VOICE 	m	...Yes. Parrish's head snaps, startled by the SOUND. VOICE (V.O., cont'd) (to Parrish) Did you miss me? Parrish reacts once more, aware again he is the only one who has heard the Voice, as an oblivious Allison continues:
ALLISON	f	(to Parrish) Never mind.  Leave it to me. Parrish ignores her, his attention has been taken by the Voice.  His eyelids flutter, nonplused, edgy and fearful.
LUISA	f	Mr. Parrish, dinner is served.
ALLISON	f	(to Quince and Drew,  across the room) Chow-time, you guys. Parrish is confounded.  Blindly and disconcerted, he follows Allison and Drew and Quince.
VOICE 	m	What are you looking so provoked about?  'Did you miss me?'  It's a normal question.  I missed you. But what do I get back?  'Not an ounce of excitement, not a whisper of a thrill --' Parrish sits. VOICE (V.O., cont'd) '-- This relationship has all the passion of a pair of titmice'. Parrish is on the edge of his seat, struggling to hide his panic. VOICE (V.O., cont'd) I'm waiting outside. The conversation swirls on around Parrish, he is deaf to it:
ALLISON	f	(to Drew) Did you speak to the Governor?
DREW	m	He's coming.
ALLISON	f	His wife?
DREW	m	Unfortunately.  I sat between them at the Bronx Zoo benefit -- it was better than Seconal.
VOICE 	m	I'm waiting outside.  Won't someone come to the door? Parrish is in shock, still striving to gain control of himself.  As Coyle serves him, Parrish turns to Luisa:
PARRISH	m	Is somebody waiting outside, Luisa?
LUISA	f	I didn't hear a ring, sir.
PARRISH	m	Please have a look -- Luisa goes as Coyle continues serving.
ALLISON	f	(to Quince) What about the Mayor?
QUINCE	m	He said he would be there with bells on.
DREW	m	Good, maybe they'll drown him out. Parrish is still not hearing a word, preoccupied with the return of Luisa.
ALLISON	f	Please don't be negative, Drew, we have an acceptance list that would do The White House proud -- The Secretary-General of the UN, the Chairman of the FCC, nine Senators, I don't know how many Congressmen, and at least twelve of the Fortune
QUINCE	m	No jocks?  A twenty-game winner or a Masters champion?  Someone I could talk to. (a moment) Or would talk to me. Luisa returns to Parrish as the others' conversation drones on:
LUISA	f	You're right, Mr. Parrish.  There was a gentleman at the door.  He's waiting for you in the foyer. Parrish is stunned.
PARRISH	m	(after a moment) Show him into the library, tell him I'll be right there. Parrish, spinning with anxiety, tries to summon up his courage to go as Allison continues:
ALLISON	f	I've arranged for favors -- silver charm bracelets for the women, platinum keychains for the men -- all engraved 'W.P.' -- but now I'm thinking of scrubbing them, they seem so ordinary. Finally Parrish rises from the table, starts out. ALLISON (cont'd) Are they ordinary?  Do they seem that way to you, Daddy?
PARRISH	m	Uh -- I don't know.  No - uh - I don't... Allison is about to press the point, but then drifts into disappointed silence as Parrish leaves the room.
DREW	m	(to Allison) You're overthinking it --
QUINCE	m	I don't think they're ordinary.  I love keychains.
PARRISH	m	Hello? Silence. PARRISH (cont'd) Anyone here? No response. PARRISH (cont'd) I said is anyone here?!
VOICE 	m	Quiet down. Parrish is startled, he shrinks backward for a moment, his eyes searching the room for the Voice, the timbre and pitch of which is exactly what he has heard before.  There is the sense that someone is there but Parrish cannot see him, and he does not dare look.
PARRISH	m	(quietly) Where are you?
VOICE 	m	I'm here. Now a flicker of a shadow from behind a corner of the obscured glass, the section of the room most distant from Parrish, there is a shape.  Something is there.
PARRISH	m	What is this, a joke, right?  Some kind of elaborate practical joke? At my 40th reunion, we delivered a casket to the Class president's hotel room and --
VOICE	m	Quiet. Parrish falls silent, something in the SOUND and TONE of the Voice muting him.  He takes a step backwards. VOICE (cont'd) Where are you going?
PARRISH	m	I - I - uh -- The shape moves, makes itself more visible.  Although still diffused by the glass, the shape has definition, a person, a man, his features are not yet distinguishable, but he is there all right.
VOICE	m	The great Bill Parrish at a loss for words?  The man from whose lips fall 'rapture' and 'passion' and 'obses- sion'...all those admonitions about being 'deliberately happy', what there is no sense 'living your life without...', all the sparks and energy you give off, the rosy advice you dispense in round, pear-shaped tones --
PARRISH	m	What the hell is this?  Who are you?
VOICE	m	Just think of millenniums multiplied by aeons compounded by infinity, I've been around that long, but it's only recently that your affairs here have piqued my interest.  Call it boredom, the natural curiosity of me, the most lasting and significant element in existence has come to see you. Parrish struggles to make sense of what he is hearing.
PARRISH	m	About what?
VOICE	m	I want to have a look around before I take you.
PARRISH	m	'Take me'...?  Where?
VOICE	m	It requires competence, wisdom, experience -- all those things they say about you in testimonials -- and you're the one.
PARRISH	m	'The one' to do what?
VOICE	m	Show me around.  Be my guide.  And in return, you get...
PARRISH	m	(breathless) Get what?
VOICE	m	Time.
PARRISH	m	What the hell are you talking about?
VOICE	m	Watch it!
PARRISH	m	I'm sorry --
VOICE	m	In return you'll receive minuets, days, weeks, I'm not going to go into details ... what matters is that I stay interested. Parrish squints, trying to make sense of what is happening. VOICE (cont'd) ...'Yes'.
PARRISH	m	Yes what?
VOICE	m	'Yes' is the answer to your ques- tion.
PARRISH	m	What question?
VOICE	m	Bill.  Come on.  The question.  The question you've been asking yourself with increased regularity, at odd moments, panting through the extra game of handball, when you ran for the plane in Delhi, when you sat up in bed last night and hit the floor in the office this morning.  The question that is in the back of your throat, choking the blood to your brain, ringing in the ears over and over as you put it to yourself --
PARRISH	m	The 'question' --
VOICE	m	(urging) Yes, Bill.  The question. After a moment.
PARRISH	m	...Am I going to die? The figure who is the Voice takes a step forward now, no longer obscured by the glass he comes into the light, re- vealing himself to be the Young Man seen previously in the coffee shop, but there is a change; he seems odd, off- center, not handsome but terrifyingly beautiful.
YOUNG MAN	m	Yes. A moment, Parrish beside himself.  He cannot bring himself to speak, finally:
PARRISH	m	Am I dreaming this? (Another moment) Are you a dream?
YOUNG MAN	m	I am not a dream.
PARRISH	m	You're coming to 'take me'.  What is that?  Who the hell are you? The Young Man steps closer to Parrish, his face is inches from a shaking, sweating Parrish's face, the Young Man daring Parrish to identify him:
PARRISH	m	You are --?
YOUNG MAN	m	  (urging again) '...Yes --' Parrish turns away.  But the Young Man, spectacularly, is in front of him again. YOUNG MAN (cont'd) (gently) Who am I?
PARRISH	m	...Death. Parrish is shocked, stunned, terrified at the word, by what he has comprehended.  He surveys the Young Man who, at this moment, actually seems bewildered by his effect. PARRISH (cont'd) You're Death?
YOUNG MAN	m	Yes.
PARRISH	m	Death!
YOUNG MAN	m	That's me.
PARRISH	m	You're not Death.  You're just a kid in a jacket and a pair of pants.
YOUNG MAN	m	The jacket and the pair of pants came with the body I took.  Let me ask your opinion.  Do I blend in? A hopelessly confused Parrish does not respond for a moment.
PARRISH	m	You want me to be your guide --?
YOUNG MAN	m	You fill the bill, Bill.
PARRISH	m	I do? (a moment) How long will you be staying?
YOUNG MAN	m	You should hope quite a while.
PARRISH	m	And then --? The Young Man nods, gently. PARRISH (cont'd) It's... it's... over. A long silence.  Parrish and the Young Man take each other in, the sense that now they understand each other.  A SOUND at the door.
LUISA 	f	Mr. Parrish? Parrish does not hear her for the moment, Luisa steps inside the Library. LUISA (cont'd) Will the gentleman be staying for dinner, sir? Parrish ignores her at first, finally he looks at Luisa then at the Young Man, then once more at both of them as if to verify the Young Man's presence has been acknowledged by Luisa.  The Young Man interjects:
YOUNG MAN	m	(to Luisa) Yes. (a polite afterthought) Thank you. Luisa nods perfunctorily and exits.  Parrish is frozen, dumbfounded. YOUNG MAN (cont'd) (to Parrish) Where is dinner? Parrish does not answer at first.
PARRISH	m	This is crazy -- you're not going to eat dinner with us.
YOUNG MAN	m	Bill, I am eating dinner with you. And your family.  And that's what we're doing.  It's not open for discussion.  Nothing is.  Don't you understand? Parrish is frightened by the response. YOUNG MAN (cont'd) Good.  Now lead the way. Parrish hesitates, then obediently leads the Young Man out of the library, down a long hallway and across the foyer.
PARRISH	m	Excuse me?  Could I say something?
YOUNG MAN	m	Of course.
PARRISH	m	(quietly) It just occurred to me --
YOUNG MAN	m	Speak up, please.
PARRISH	m	(louder) When I introduce you, if I say who you are, I don't think anyone will stay for dinner.
YOUNG MAN	m	Then don't.
ALLISON	f	...Well, here's another possibility. It's a little last minute, but how does this strike you?  Kaleidoscopes. Little gold kaleidoscopes.  Some German firm went kerplunkt, Tiffany's picked these things up, they're perfect party favors, however they're not personal, they're winter scene or something, snow-flakes and dachshunds... Parrish and the Young Man appear at the table, an awkward pause ensues, the unannounced guest's presence at a family dinner being noted, and the guest himself carefully survey- ed.  Finally, Allison breaks the ice: ALLISON (cont'd) (to the Young Man) Hi there --
YOUNG MAN	m	Hello. Parrish is horribly uncomfortable as the Young Man looks at each person as if he were discovering a face of the first time.
PARRISH	m	Uh -- sorry -- to have stepped away for so long -- uh -- this is a friend of mine I asked to drop by -- we got to talking and stuff -- uh -- he's going to join us for dinner -- um -- Parrish drifts into another awkward pause.
ALLISON	f	(to the Young Man) Hello, how nice to meet you.  And wouldn't it be nicer if my father would introduce you?
YOUNG MAN	m	(to Allison) '...How nice to meet you.'
PARRISH	m	Oh, I'm sorry.  This is my daughter, Allison, and her husband, Quince, Drew, my number one, works with me... Parrish drifts off as the Young Man awkwardly shakes hands with each person.
ALLISON	f	(prompting) Daddy.  Does your friend have a name?
PARRISH	m	A name?
DREW	m	(pleasantly, going  along with the joke) Yeah, something he goes by --
PARRISH	m	Oh, excuse me.  This is -- uh -- this is --
ALLISON	f	Daddy!  Come on, a name.
DREW	m	Yeah, Bill, the suspense is killing me.
PARRISH	m	Sorry...um - you - you know it's gone right out of my head --
DREW	m	What?! PARRISH (cont'd) I'm sorry.  This is - uh - uh... The group waits patiently. PARRISH (cont'd) Joe!
ALLISON	f	Joe... Parrish once more drifts into silence.  (The YOUNG MAN is now identified as "JOE".)
DREW	m	Just plain 'Joe'?
ALLISON	f	Love that name.
QUINCE	m	Me, too.  Hey, buddy! Joe, turned on by Quince's broad smile, reacts to it as Drew squints observingly at Joe.
DREW	m	'Joe...'
PARRISH	m	Yes.
DREW	m	Is there any more to it?
PARRISH	m	(alarmed) What do you mean?
DREW	m	Like 'Smith' or 'Jones --' Parrish's face reveals a desperate searching for a last name, a furtive glance at Joe.  Parrish's brow darkens and a name tumbles from his lips:
PARRISH	m	-- Black.
ALLISON	f	Whew, at last.  Nice to meet you, Mr. Black.
QUINCE	m	'Joe Black'.  Won fifteen and lost two for the Brooklyn Dodgers in
JOE	m	Yes?
QUINCE	m	(to Joe) You bet.  I'm kind of my Rotisserie League.
JOE	m	Are you?
PARRISH	m	He is!  Let's sit down -- Luisa has set a plate in front of Joe, and Parrish's, which was taken to the kitchen to be warmed, has been returned. Joe looks over at the other guests, then picks up his uten- sils gingerly, strives to copy the others, stops, staring at his foot.
ALLISON	f	(to Joe) Paillarde of veal.
QUINCE	m	Yeah, they hit the calf over the head with a mallet and then Luisa hits it again in the kitchen.
ALLISON	f	Honey --!
QUINCE	m	You know what I'm saying, Joe?
JOE	m	No --
PARRISH	m	(laughing emptily) Joe knows what you're saying, just being polite -- Drew is studying Joe.
DREW	m	(to Joe) Have we met?
PARRISH	m	Uh -- he's from out of town --
QUINCE	m	How long you here, Joe?
JOE	m	As long as it takes. Drew is provoked by the response, but remains polite:
DREW	m	You and Bill old friends? Parrish jumps in:
PARRISH	m	No --
DREW	m	(to Joe) I get the feeling you've done some business before.
JOE	m	We have an arrangement now.
DREW	m	What side of the industry did you say you were on?
JOE	m	I didn't say.
DREW	m	(to Parrish) Joe sounds like a ringer, Bill.  I have the feeling you guys got the broad strokes already.  Need any help with the details? Parrish falls silent again, looking for an answer. DREW (cont'd) I'm sorry -- business at dinner... (to Joe) Forgive me for being so rude.
JOE	m	Sure. The doors to the dining room open, Susan appears.
SUSAN	f	Hi, everybody.  Sorry to be late - had to have dinner with my depart- ment chief --
ALLISON	f	You ate?
SUSAN	f	...I'm here, aren't I?  Wouldn't miss a loose end meeting.  What's on the table for discussion?  Party favors, flowers -- hi Dad, hi Drew -- She kisses Drew in some light, humorous way they have ob- viously done before, their heads bobbing like plastic water toys and their lips meeting mid-air. At the kiss's conclusion Susan suddenly notices Joe is present and has been watching.  She is shocked, embarrassed, pleased, conflicted, an instant and wide spectrum of emotions. SUSAN (cont'd) What are you doing here? Silence.
PARRISH	m	(stunned) You know each other?
SUSAN	f	(lightly) We've met.
PARRISH	m	What?!
SUSAN	f	-- This morning.  The Corinth Coffee Shop.  He was looking for a doctor.
QUINCE	m	Well, I guess he's found one.
DREW	m	Joe, you do get around. Joe is happily confounded by all the interaction.
SUSAN	f	That's your name?
ALLISON	f	And isn't it a lovely one?  So sturdy, so straight -- Joe has heard Susan's question but, as he studies her, doesn't answer.
DREW	m	Incidentally, Joe, where're you staying?
JOE	m	Here...
DREW	m	'Here'?
SUSAN	f	In this house?
QUINCE	m	Great! Parrish pushes his plate away.
PARRISH	m	Uh - will that hold you, Joe?
SUSAN	f	Incidentally, 'Joe' what?
JOE	m	Black.
QUINCE	m	Hey, this is fun.
SUSAN	f	So, what are you doing here? Parrish tenses, but Joe doesn't answer. SUSAN (cont'd) Cat got your tongue?  You weren't so silent this morning. Drew reacts to this allusion of intimacy.
ALLISON	f	Now, I'm getting interested.  I want to know more ---
PARRISH	m	(to Joe) We've got some things to discuss. Parrish stands, motions for Joe to rise.
DREW	m	(to Joe) -- Did I hear 'business'?
SUSAN	f	What 'business'?
QUINCE	m	Don't bother asking, we already tried.
JOE	m	It's so very nice to see you again.
SUSAN	f	Funny, I don't get that feeling. Maybe it's because you found out I'm Bill Parrish's daughter.
PARRISH	m	Cut it out, Susan. (to Joe) You and I've got to talk.  Big day tomorrow, everybody.  Joe, let's go. Joe rises, follows Parrish to the door, stops:
JOE	m	(to Susan) Susan. (to Allison) Allison. (to Quince) Quince. (to Drew) Drew. (to Parrish) Bill... (to the group) Thank you. He makes an awkward little bow, then heads for the nearest door.
PARRISH	m	Joe, that's the kitchen.
JOE	m	Thank you. Joe pivots, and he follows Parrish out the proper door.
DREW	m	That was 'Joe'.
ALLISON	f	He's cute.
DREW	m	Very. Susan's eyes are still on the door where Joe exited, her face reflecting her irritation and bewilderment, as well as a tinge of excitement.
PARRISH	m	...I'm sorry, I'm a little discon- certed, that stuff between you and Susan -- uh -- threw me.
JOE	m	'Threw' you?  Where?
PARRISH	m	Shook me up.  I mean that you knew her and everything --
JOE	m	I didn't know her.  The body I took knew her.  The man she met in the coffee shop this morning.  I - uh - took him.
PARRISH	m	So there's nothing between you and Susan?
JOE	m	No.
PARRISH	m	I wish you had said something to me about staying here --
JOE	m	It hadn't occurred to me until then. I was just having such a wonderful time -- Besides, isn't this what I'm here for? Parrish suddenly looks very anxious, Joe stops. JOE (cont'd) You seem uncomfortable, Bill.
PARRISH	m	No, I'm okay with this - uh - I think.  So -- He opens a door.
PARRISH	m	(to Joe) Bathroom...tub...towels, sauna -- Parrish turns back to the bedroom. PARRISH (cont'd) ...Chair, lamp, bed -- Parrish is in a stunned state, chatters on unconsciously: PARRISH (cont'd) Box springs, they're assembled in Jakarta.  Had to stay in a station manager's house there unexpectedly - best night's sleep I ever had. Ordered twenty, they filled a con- tainer and shipped them right over, I've put one in every bedroom here and in the country. Joe tests the springs.
JOE	m	What a good idea.
PARRISH	m	Thank you.  Would you like the man's name?
JOE	m	No. Parrish glances around, a room in which the occupant could not want for anything.
PARRISH	m	If there is anything else, don't hesitate --
JOE	m	I won't.
PARRISH	m	How long have I got?
JOE	m	You're putting me on the spot, Bill. A moment. JOE (cont'd) Let's put it this way.  When I go, you go.
PARRISH	m	When you go, I go.
JOE	m	That's the best I can do. (a moment) ...but minute-by-minute, I find myself lingering.
PARRISH	m	...I just saw my doctor, he told me everything was fine.
JOE	m	Your doctor? (icily) Did your doctor say anything about a tiny, undetectable hole in your aorta?  Did he mention an irreparab- ly weak vein in the further reaches of your famous brain?  Were they any prognostications about the possibil- ilites of a fatal collision on a golf cart of suffocating in an avalanche on a skin vacation in Gstaad?
PARRISH	m	No --
JOE	m	I hope you realize, Bill...in your office this morning, that was your time.
PARRISH	m	Closer than that. Parrish keeps still, trying to cool the heat of Joe's temper. JOE (cont'd) ...But meanwhile, you are still here.  Count your blessings.  Call it gravy, frosting on the cake, whatever it is you say.
PARRISH	m	Well, thank you for letting me know.
JOE	m	Not at all.
PARRISH	m	And - uh - I  guess, 'goodnight'.
JOE	m	Good night to you, Bill. Parrish gently closes the door. Joe looks around, checks out his surroundings: curious, attentive.
LUISA	f	...Miss Allison asked if you would like to have your dinner kept warm?
PARRISH	m	No. Thanks, Luisa.
LUISA	f	Very good, sir. Luisa turns:
PARRISH	m	Luisa -- She stops. PARRISH (cont'd) Mr. Black's luggage was misplaced by the airlines.  Would you mind get- ting a few things together for him? A couple of suits, some shirts, ties, underwear, shoes.  Have Coyle take his measurements off what he is wearing tonight.
LUISA	f	Certainly, sir. Luisa nods, and heads back downstairs.  Parrish enters his den, takes a seat in his chair, stares into the middle distance, ruminates.
COYLE	m	Yes, sir?
JOE	m	Hello.  I'm Joe Black.  Nice to meet you.
COYLE	m	Yes sir, Mr. Black, a pleasure. The staff all mumble expansive "Good evening, sir"s to Joe. He motions to them to sit, they do but Coyle does not.  Coyle shifts from foot-to-foot, the staff is not used to having Parrish family or guests in this part of the house.
JOE	m	(to Coyle) What are you eating.
COYLE	m	You mean this, sir? Coyle regards his peanut butter sheepishly. COYLE (cont'd) Laura Scudder's Peanut Butter.
JOE	m	(carefully) 'Laura Scudder's Peanut Butter'. (a moment) You like it?
COYLE	m	I would say, sir, it is right up there with Jif and Skippy.  But miles ahead of Peter Pan. (another moment) Like a taste? Joe nods, Coyle fashions a spoonful, offers it to Joe.  Joe swallows it.  But he has not yet found a comfortable way of masticating, his mouth and tongue go every which way, the staff observes him, fascinated. COYLE (cont'd) You're a peanut butter man now, eh, sir?
JOE	m	Yes, I am.  I thoroughly enjoyed this - uh - peanut butter. (to the staff) And I thoroughly enjoyed meeting you. Joe raises the spoonful of peanut butter in a kind of toast to the staff. JOE (cont'd) I'll be moseying on. He heads out, with the spoonful of peanut butter, to cheer- ful "Goodnight, Mr. Black"'s, his tongue again licking the edges of the spoon.
SUSAN	f	What are you doing here?
JOE	m	I'm lost.
SUSAN	f	-- Can't seem to escape you today.
JOE	m	I'm sorry. Susan climbs out of the pool, gets halfway up the ladder, points to a stack of towels.
SUSAN	f	Hand me one of those, will you? Joe turns to the towels, but one hand is occupied with the spoonful of peanut butter, he shifts it to the other hand, can't manage the huge Turkish towel one-handed, now implants the spoon in his mouth, lifts the towel with both hands and presents it to Susan. SUSAN (cont'd) You must have something really big going on with my father --
JOE	m	'Big'?
SUSAN	f	You appear at his side out-of-the- blue, stay at his house, eat dinner with his family, it's practically a first.  You're in the red-hot center of big business and I thought you were a regular Joe.
JOE	m	I am Joe.
SUSAN	f	Not the one I met this morning, hit- ting on me in as nice a way as I've been hit on in a long time, but the moment you find out I'm my Dad's daughter, you act like a stranger.
JOE	m	That is not my intention. Joe continues to nibble at his peanut butter.
SUSAN	f	What are your intentions?  To make little dreams in coffee shops, turn a woman's head, and I don't mind admitting it was turned, I liked it, but ten hours later I feel like a fool.  I don't get it.  You, my father, here in this house, the cof- fee shop, it's making me upset, and I don't like being upset.  Who are you anyway?  And what are you eating?
JOE	m	(mumbles) Peanut butter. He finishes the spoonful. JOE (cont'd) But it's gone now. He shifts the spoon from hand to hand, starts to stick it in his pocket, realizes this is inappropriate.  Susan holds her hand out to him, he places the spoon in it and she sets the spoon on the table with the towels.  She watches, fascinat- ed, as Joe licks his gums, enjoying every last bit of his spoonful.
SUSAN	f	You act like you never had peanut butter before --
JOE	m	I haven't.
SUSAN	f	-- What kind of childhood did you have?
JOE	m	Do you love Drew?
SUSAN	f	Come again?
JOE	m	When you put your mouth to his, Susan, it seems a frequent thing.
SUSAN	f	Drew is none of your damn business. Nor is where I put my mouth.
JOE	m	I'm sorry.  Do you live here?
SUSAN	f	No, Joe, I'm swimming here.  Then I'm going home.
JOE	m	I guess what I'm trying to say is -- I'd like us to be friends.
SUSAN	f	I've got plenty of friends.
JOE	m	I don't have any.
SUSAN	f	I can see why. She finishes drying herself, drops the towel on a chair, and prepares to leave.
JOE	m	...I didn't mean to offend you at dinner.  I'm not quite at home some- times with people.  I get busy doing - uh - what I do, and I don't seem to have developed -- He drifts off.
SUSAN	f	Yes --?
JOE	m	I have a certain function to per- form, and that seems to take all of my time.  Bu sometimes - uh - I speculate - uh - I haven't left room for - uh - anything else.
SUSAN	f	I'm sorry to say I know what you're saying. A moment.
JOE	m	Susan?
SUSAN	f	Yes?
JOE	m	Did you know you have a wet spot on your shoulder? She glances at her shoulder, he grabs a towel, touches the drops of water, pats them dry, hands her the towel.  She flashes a nervous smile.
SUSAN	f	Goodnight, Joe.
JOE	m	Goodnight to you, Susan. Susan steps towards a door, Joe takes a step in the wrong direction, they almost walk into each other.  Now she takes a step in another direction, as does Joe, again they almost collide.
SUSAN	f	Shall we dance? Joe is completely puzzled, finally Susan heads for one door, Joe for another. SUSAN (cont'd) Joe --
JOE	m	Yes?
SUSAN	f	I think you want to go to the west wing.  Through there. Susan indicates yet another door.
JOE	m	(after a moment) Thank you. Joe redirects himself, goes to the door.  As they both are about to exit, Joe and Susan sneak furtive looks at each other across the pool, smile at catching each other's glances.  Joe exits.  For a moment Susan's eyes remain on the door through which he has gone.  Now she grips the towel over her shoulders, the one Joe gave her, pats the same spot he did.
PARRISH	m	Good morning.
JOE	m	Good morning, Bill.
PARRISH	m	How are you?  How're you feeling?
JOE	m	'Feeling'?  I feel fine.  How do you feel?
PARRISH	m	Um -- well, I didn't sleep too well. This is crazy.  This is the left- field thing of all time.  What do I do?  What do I tell my family?
JOE	m	Oh, I wouldn't tell them anything, Bill.  You'll ruin the good start we had last night.  I felt as if I were being treated like a person.  'Joe' this and 'Joe' that - a nice smile - Quince passed me the rolls -- no 'rapture' or 'passion' or any of those mighty things you seem so intent on imparting, but I am cer- tain, should you - uh - say - uh - who I am - our adventure would end abruptly. Parrish regards Joe, the tie is a sorry mess now, a batwing of silk stretching across his collarbone. JOE (cont'd) But I did so enjoy your family. Parrish is startled, he regards Joe carefully.
PARRISH	m	What about my family?  This 'adven- ture' involved only me, right? Silence as Joe considers the point, Parrish quickly crosses to him, undoes the tie, and now begins tying it for him. PARRISH (cont'd) Tell you what, you promised that it's going to be only me and --
JOE	m	And what?
PARRISH	m	And I won't tell anyone who you are.
JOE	m	Sounds fair enough.
PARRISH	m	It is a deal?
JOE	m	A 'deal'?
PARRISH	m	You give your word, I give mine -- that we'll do what we say.  It's a truth exchanged between two people. A moment.
JOE	m	Bill --
PARRISH	m	Yes?
JOE	m	You've got a deal. Parrish seems relieved.  He has now, with some difficulty, completed the tying of Joe's tie, adjusts it beautifully on Joe's collar, then spins him around in front of a mirror. Joe, catching sight of his own appearance, rises to the balls of his feet, quite taken. JOE (cont'd) This is great! (a moment) Now what do we do?
PARRISH	m	Shake hands. Joe immediately extends his hand toward Parrish, but Parrish freezes on seeing the hand, stares at it, now takes it.  Joe pumps Parrish's hand vigorously, then breaks into a broad smile.
PARRISH	m	You know, I got to thinking last night -- with you here, and seem- ingly occupied, how's your work going - uh - elsewhere? A flicker from Joe.  He has heard what Parrish has said, his eyes busy with the grift and the sparkle of the Avenue, but he is concentrating on Parrish's words.
JOE	m	When you were shaving this morning, you weren't just shaving, right?
PARRISH	m	What do you mean?
JOE	m	You were hatching ideas, making plans, arriving at decisions, right?
PARRISH	m	I guess so.
JOE	m	So you understand the concept then. When you're busy here, your work, what your task is, is being executed elsewhere.
PARRISH	m	Of course.
JOE	m	So you've grasped the idea.  Con- gratulations.  Now multiply it by infinity and take it to the depth of forever, and you still will have barely a glimpse of what I am talking about. Parrish falls silent, chewing over Joe's admonition.
PARRISH	m	Joe --?
JOE	m	Yes, Bill.
PARRISH	m	How about giving a guy a break?
JOE	m	Make an exception?
PARRISH	m	There's one to every rule.
JOE	m	Not this. They stride on, cutting through the crowd, Joe all at home in his new surrounding, but Parrish just the opposite, un- characteristically uncomfortable, phrases forming on his lips but unspoken, then suddenly he blurts out:
PARRISH	m	-- I don't deserve this.  I'm still young, this is not my time --
JOE	m	That's what everybody says.
PARRISH	m	I'm not everybody.
JOE	m	That's what everybody says. Parrish is trying to control himself, glances at Joe.
PARRISH	m	I want to live.
JOE	m	I understand. A moment. JOE (cont'd) But you can't. A sudden silence between them.  Parrish's shoulders appear to have stopped slightly, the courage he displayed at rais- ing these issues has vanished.
PARRISH	m	What's it like?
JOE	m	What do you mean?
PARRISH	m	What's it like where I'm going?
JOE	m	Can you keep a secret?
PARRISH	m	Yes.
JOE	m	So can I. They turn into Parrish's office building.
JAIME	m	Good morning, Mr. Parrish.
PARRISH	m	Good morning, Jaime.
JAIME	m	Knight's Reward in the 4th at Calder -- A bemused Parrish walks on, Joe beside him, Jaime pursuing them. JAIME (cont'd) -- A closer in today with cheap speed.  The colt will come from the clouds and boom!  Fifty-eight dollar horse.  I get you down, Mr. Parrish, just say the word.
PARRISH	m	(smiles) I'm sorry, not today, Jaime. Parrish and Joe arrive at the bank of elevators.  Jaime, back at his post, hits a button. PARRISH (cont'd) (to Joe) You know, everyday I've walked into this building, Jaime gives me a horse. (a moment) I wonder if any of them won. The elevator materializes, Parrish and Joe step on.
PARRISH	m	-- And call my family, I'd like them to come over for dinner tonight.
JENIFER	f	Didn't the family get together last night --?
PARRISH	m	(remonstrating, gently) Jennifer.
JENIFER	f	Of course, Mr. Parrish.  Right away. Jennifer wheels and heads right back to the office as Parrish arrives at the door to the Board Room.
PARRISH	m	(to Joe) Perhaps you would like to wait in my office --?
JOE	m	No.
PARRISH	m	What I'm trying to say is this is a Board meeting and you are not a mem- ber of the Board.
JOE	m	I'm sure you'll see to it that it won't be a problem. Parrish hesitates, nods, conceding the point, reaches for the doorknob.
PARRISH	m	(to the Board) -- This is Joe Black, a personal associate of mine - uh - he'll be joining us today.  I know it's -- uh -- unusual, and my apologies -- and Drew -- uh -- carry on. Immediately indications of surprise on Board members' faces at Parrish bringing in an 'observer', Drew's reaction guarded but intense.
DREW	m	(after a moment, to  Joe) Nice to see you.  I didn't expect you, but certainly you can't get enough of a good thing.
JOE	m	Thank you.
DREW	m	(to the Board) The Board of Parrish Communications - is hereby called to order.  Our sole order of business is an acceptance of John Bontecou's generous offer and --
JOE	m	(to Drew) Do you have any more of these deli- cious cookies? A hushed silence at the inappropriateness of Joe's inter- ruption. JOE (cont'd) And a cup of tea.  With milk, I think.  I'd like to try it English- style.  Yes, a cup of tea with milk.
DREW	m	Anything else, Mr. Black?  How about some water?
JOE	m	Why yes, thank you.
DREW	m	Hot or cold.
JOE	m	Cold.
DREW	m	And a glass. Drew indicates to the Board's Stenographer to arrange Joe's refreshments.
PARRISH	m	(quietly, indicating a  chair) Would you like to sit down, Joe?
JOE	m	Yes. Joe sits.
DREW	m	To review -- we're really crossing the 't's and dotting the 'i's here. Bill had a great and conclusive meeting with John Bontecou yester- day, all that remains for us is to put it to a vote. Smiles and murmurs of a congratulatory receptiveness from the Board at Drew's news.
PARRISH	m	(emptily) Thank you, Drew. Parrish takes a moment, draws himself up to say something official then stops himself, what follows is spontaneous, reflective, deeply felt. PARRISH (cont'd) Umm -- I did enjoy -- or rather I was interested in meeting John yes- terday -- impressive... I suppose... But it did get me to thinking.  I started in this business because this is what I wanted to do.  I knew I wasn't going to write the Great American Novel, but I also knew there was more to life than buying something for a dollar and selling it for two.  I wanted to give the news to the world, and I wanted to give it unvarnished.  The more we all know about each other, the greater the chance we will survive. Sure, I want to make a profit, you can't exist without one but John Bontecou is all profit.  If we give him license to absorb Parrish Communications, and he has his eye on a few others after us, we'll be appointing him to the position he craves -- Gatekeeper.  In order to reach the world you will have to go through John Bontecou.  And not only will you have to pay him to do this, far more expensive, you'll have to agree with him.  Reporting the news is a privilege and a responsibility and it is not exploitable.  Parrish Communications has earned this priv- ilege, John Bontecou wants to buy it.  As your chairman, I urge you to agree this company is not for sale. A silence, everybody shifts, the Board is in shock, Drew is trying to maintain his balance.
DREW	m	(carefully) ...Sounds like you're not leaving much room for discussion.
PARRISH	m	(to the Board) Sorry.  I know it looks like I'm reversing my field.
DREW	m	That's your privilege, Bill.  But given our needs, given the absolute necessity for growth, given the fu- ture, the truth is... joining John Bontecou is every bit as certain as - Death and Taxes. Joe interjects:
JOE	m	'Death and Taxes'? After a moment.
DREW	m	Yes.
JOE	m	"Death and Taxes"? Another moment.
DREW	m	Yes.
JOE	m	What an odd pairing.
DREW	m	It's just a saying, Mr. Black,
JOE	m	Of whom?
DREW	m	It doesn't matter.
JOE	m	Then why did you bring it up? Drew regards Joe.
DREW	m	You're not familiar with the phrase, "In this world, nothing is certain but Death and Taxes"?
PARRISH	m	I am now.
DREW	m	Glad I could be of some help. The Board is provoked and mystified by Joe and even more by his presence, they cast meaningful glances at Parrish, Drew coolly grasps the irritation of the members.  Parrish breaks the silence.
PARRISH	m	Shall we adjourn?
DREW	m	But the matter's still on the table, Bill -- EDWARD SLOANE, a contemporary of Parrish's, has been warily silent, but extremely observant.  Protective of Parrish, and sensing his burgeoning difficulty, he interrupts:
SLOANE	f	Why don't we let it rest for the moment?  Give it some air?
PARRISH	m	Well said, Eddie.  Mr. Black, shall we? Joe rises.
JOE	m	(to Drew) Those cookies were excellent. He exits with Parrish, the door closes behind them.  A BABBLE of disturbed reactions from the Board.
DREW	m	Who is that guy? Drew grabs a telephone: DREW (cont'd) Felicia?
FELICIA 	f	Yes, sir?
DREW	m	Get me a Field Background check on Joe Black.  Litigations. Bankrupt- cies.  Credit ratings.  The works. Got it? Drew hangs up.
PARRISH	m	-- What's the deal here?  Are you going to be breathing down my neck right 'til the very end?
JOE	m	I don't understand. Parrish tries to gather himself.
PARRISH	m	...I'd like to be alone for a while.
JOE	m	Are you sad, Bill?
PARRISH	m	Yes, I am.  There's a research lib- rary on the fourth floor.  Why don't you go down and read some magazines?
JOE	m	You're not thinking of going some- where, are you, Bill?
PARRISH	m	Joe, could I ask you to take a walk? Buy a tie or something.  I know I'll be seeing you.
JOE	m	Of course. But Joe doesn't move.
PARRISH	m	(prompting) Now I'd like to be alone.
JOE	m	Oh.  Okay. Parrish reaches into his pocket and hands Joe some cash.
PARRISH	m	Here -- this will hold you for a while. Joe stares at the money as Parrish shows him the door. PARRISH (cont'd) You know about money, don't you?
JOE	m	It can't buy happiness? Parrish opens the door.
PARRISH	m	Jennifer, give Mr. Black a map of the city.
JOE	m	No thank you, Bill.  I can manage. Joe goes.
SUSAN	f	Joe --
JOE	m	How nice you look.  Is that your uniform? Susan regards him.
SUSAN	f	Why did you come here? Joe doesn't have an answer. SUSAN (cont'd) Are you ill?
JOE	m	Oh goodness, no.
SUSAN	f	Then why are you here, Joe?
JOE	m	I came to see you.
SUSAN	f	I don't have any time to see you now.  I'm doing grand rounds and then I'm examining back-to-back patients until dinner and then --
JOE	m	Very well, I'll watch.
SUSAN	f	Watch me do what?
JOE	m	Whatever you do.
SUSAN	f	That's impossible.  I'm a doctor, I'm --
JOE	m	And I'll be a visitor.
SUSAN	f	Patients have visitors, not doctors.
JOE	m	I don't mind -- Visible now behind them are a Caribbean woman in her mid- thirties, TEENA, an arm around her mother, EASTER, who is holding her stomach and rocking back and forth in her seat, in great pain.
TEENA	f	(urgently) Miss?  Miss Doctor?
SUSAN	f	(gently) Just a minute, please.
TEENA	f	Please.  My momma's sicker'n he is. Easter looks up and sees Joe.  She abruptly becomes still, eyes wide, as if sudden recognition.
EASTER	f	Obeah.
TEENA	f	No, Momma. But Easter just stares at Joe, fearful.
EASTER	f	Obeah mon.  I gonna die.
TEENA	f	Momma, stop it. Is just a man. Joe looks at Easter, curiously.
SUSAN	f	(to Teena) What's obeah?
TEENA	f	Bad spirit.  She just all fever, she don' mean nothin'.  Please help us?
SUSAN	f	Have you filled out the insurance forms? Teena shakes her hand anxiously.  Joe leans forward to Easter and speaks softly in perfect, lilting West Indian dialect.
JOE	m	No obeah, sister.  No duppy, no jumbie.  Evera ting gon' be irey. Susan and Teena both look at him, astonished.  Easter's fearful gaze remains locked on him. JOE (cont'd) Go wi' de doctor lady.  Momma be fine.
EASTER	f	Don' leave!?
TEENA	f	(pleading) Momma. Susan leads Teena away.  Easter is riveted on Joe.
EASTER	f	(with certainty) Obeah.
JOE	m	Obeah evil.  I not evil.
EASTER	f	What you then?
JOE	m	I from dat nex' place.
EASTER	f	You wait here'n to take us?  Like you bus driver to dere?
JOE	m	(smiles) No, no.  I on holiday.
EASTER	f	(looks around, dubious) Some spot you pick. She winces with pain, gasping. EASTER (cont'd) Pain is bad.
JOE	m	I nuttin' to do wi' dat.
EASTER	f	Make it go 'way.
JOE	m	Doctor lady make it irey.
EASTER	f	Not dis pain.  Dis pain tru an' tru. Make it go 'way.
JOE	m	Can't, sistah.
EASTER	f	(adamant, pleading) Can, mistah.  Take me to dat nex' place. Joe regards Easter, a long moment.
JOE	m	Not time yet.
EASTER	f	Make it time. Joe shakes his head, a firm no.  But when he looks and speaks to Easter again, it is with concern and even regret.
JOE	m	Can't feel wi' de way tings gotta be, Easter. Susan and Teena return with an Orderly and a wheelchair for Easter.
EASTER	f	(to Joe) Please...
TEENA	f	Come now, Momma. Easter is helped into the wheelchair.  She looks pleadingly at Joe.  The Orderly starts to wheel her away.  Joe stays him, putting his hand on Easter's arm.
JOE	m	Close your eyes, Easter. She does, her pained grimace melts into a peaceful smile. JOE (cont'd) Soon. He takes his hand away, and the Orderly wheels Easter off.
SUSAN	f	(to Teena) Go with her.  I'll be right there. Teena goes.  Joe remains his normal voice.
JOE	m	She's in a great deal of pain.
SUSAN	f	Yes. Susan regards Joe, puzzled. SUSAN (cont'd) Have you spent a lot of time in the islands?
JOE	m	Some. Joe shifts. JOE (cont'd) I - uh - I - realize now - uh - my being here - um - your patient -- this is not really appropriate -- and I - uh --
SUSAN	f	Don't apologize.  There's nothing to be sorry for -- every hospital should have someone like you. Silence. SUSAN (cont'd) Well...I'm glad you came.
JOE	m	Thank you.  I'm so very glad to be here. Another awkward silence. JOE (cont'd) I guess you're busy --
SUSAN	f	Yes. She doesn't move, they search for words.
JOE	m	Well, I could come again some other time. Susan regards him.
SUSAN	f	Joe, I'm with Drew.
JOE	m	(sincerely) Not now. Susan smiles gently. JOE (cont'd) Don't you want me to come again...? A moment.
SUSAN	f	I have to go, I'm sorry to say --
JOE	m	Be sorry for nothing. Another moment.
SUSAN	f	Yes.  Well...thank you, Joe. Susan turns to go, hesitates.
JOE	m	Good-bye, Susan. Susan waves softly to him, heads down the hall, glances back once to see Joe has not moved, is watching her depart.
JOE	m	Are you going to eat your lunch
PARRISH	m	It's all yours. Joe starts eating, Parrish watches him, somewhat fascinated, Joe's chewing has improved. PARRISH (cont'd) Good?
JOE	m	Excellent.  What is it?
PARRISH	m	Cold lamb sandwich with cilantro.  A little Coleman's mustard. Joe takes another big bite.
JOE	m	Truly - uh - splendid.
PARRISH	m	Glad you like it.  My wife turned me onto cold lamb sandwiches.  Joan -- that was my wife --
JOE	m	(familiarly) Uh-huh.
PARRISH	m	Cold lamb sandwiches -- not as chewy as roast beef, not as boring as chicken.  She knew stuff like that. Silence, Parrish getting lost in his memories. PARRISH (cont'd) -- Everything reminds me of her -- there isn't a day that goes by that I don't think about her -- One day she was here.  The next day she was gone.  What are you going to do? -- I guess you've heard all this a trillion times before.
JOE	m	And more.
PARRISH	m	Why didn't you stop me?
JOE	m	Well...I don't know. Silence. JOE (cont'd) How was it the first time you met her?
PARRISH	m	I thought you'd heard a trillion times --
JOE	m	This part I'm interested in. A moment.
PARRISH	m	She had on this little blue suit -- with a little white collar that had little red piping on it -- Joe is riveted on Parrish ow, Parrish aware of him, has paused. PARRISH (cont'd) You could have put her under glass and I would have just stood and looked at her.  But when she spoke -- I loved the sound of her voice and her laugh -- (a moment) -- I couldn't get enough of her -- and gradually -- or maybe it wasn't gradually -- I realized I couldn't live without her. A KNOCK, the door opens and Drew enters, looks at Parrish, then at Joe, stands poised in the doorway.
DREW	m	May I interrupting?
JOE	m	Yes.
PARRISH	m	No.
DREW	m	(to joe) 'Just kidding'?
PARRISH	m	Sit down, Drew.
DREW	m	Before I do -- (glances at Joe) I was hoping we might be alone, Bill.
PARRISH	m	Joe and I have no secrets from each other.
DREW	m	(to Joe) How nice for you both. Drew takes a moment, then plunges in. DREW (cont'd) Bill, pardon my candor, but I was confounded by your decision this morning.
PARRISH	m	Why?
DREW	m	I was hired, you told me, to help bring Parrish Communications into the 21st Century.  This merger is the vehicle -- Joe interrupts:
JOE	m	Perhaps a merger is a way to bring Bill's company into the 21st cen- tury.  And perhaps it isn't.  And perhaps cheating on your French Philosophers exam at The Groton School was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't. Be that as it may, Drew, a question can often be argued both ways. Drew is stunned.
PARRISH	m	Joe, cut it out.  And you too, Drew.
DREW	m	(to Parrish) I thought this was practically a done deal --
PARRISH	m	Well now it's undone, okay?  Forget Bontecou!  Scrub him!  I'm tired of his fancy name and his fancy offer. I'm not going for it. A moment.
DREW	m	Okay. Drew heads for the door, turns around. DREW (cont'd) (to Parrish) Can I invite myself to dinner tonight? (a moment) Susan and I had ticket for the Knicks game.  But she said you guys were getting together --
PARRISH	m	Dinner?  Absolutely.
JOE	m	Absolutely.
DREW	m	(to Joe) Damn decent of you. Drew exits.
JOE	m	Why, at this juncture, are you letting yourself be so concerned by business matters?
PARRISH	m	I don't want anybody buying up my life's work and turning it into something it wasn't meant to be.  A man wants to leave something behind. And he wants it left behind the way he made it.  And he wants it to be run the way he run it -- with a sense of honor, of dedication, of truth. Okay?
JOE	m	Okay.
PARRISH	m	And I don't need your goddamn permis- sion either!  You!  Drew!  I don't need anyone to tell me how to run my life.
JOE	m	Easy, Bill.  You'll give yourself a heart attack and ruin my vacation.
ALLISON	f	(to Susan) ...We're never all together two nights in a row.  Maybe Christmas, Thanksgiving, that's it.  What's going on?
SUSAN	f	Nothing's going on.  Maybe he doesn't want to be alone.  He's go- ing to be sixty-five in a minute --
ALLISON	f	...I don't know, Daddy seems funny to me.  Ever since Joe showed.  It's like he dropped from the clouds... Drew enters.  He nuzzles Susan's neck, out of the corner of her eye she sees Joe still observing them. ALLISON (cont'd) ...When Daddy walked in with him, he couldn't even remember his name.  Now he's his house guest.  And you know how he hates house guests.  What is going on? Drew, whose eyes have also been on Joe across the room, turns back.
DREW	m	(to Susan and Allison) Good question. Allison sees Susan's eyes flicker over towards Joe.
ALLISON	f	-- But he does seem very nice.
SUSAN	f	You think so?
QUINCE	m	(to Parrish) ...I read you all the way on the Bontecou thing, and I know where you're coming from.  And I'm with you a hundred and one percent.
PARRISH	m	Thank you, Quince.
QUINCE	m	But I've got to tell you, if mergers are in the wild, I've got some great prospects I've developed.  I want to talk to you about them next week.
PARRISH	m	Next week?
QUINCE	m	Yeah.  Or the week after. Quince sees Parrish hesitate. QUINCE (cont'd) No good?
PARRISH	m	No, anything is possible. (lightly) It's up to Joe.
QUINCE	m	Joe, you don't know how glad I am you're aboard.  Anybody who can take some of the weight off the old man, I'm in his corner.
JOE	m	That's very gracious of you, Quince.
QUINCE	m	No problem.  I'll leave you two alone.  I can tell you guys have something on the fire -- An excited Quince drains his drink and heads for Drew as Allison appears.
ALLISON	f	(to Parrish) Did you know twenty-six members of your rifle company are coming?
PARRISH	m	Who?
ALLISON	f	From the Korean War.
PARRISH	m	Conflict, honey.  Korean Conflict.
ALLISON	f	Whatever it was, they'll be here. We sent out invitations to everyone, plane tickets included -- the RSVP's are amazing.  A few of them we didn't hear from, and some of them are dead, of course --
PARRISH	m	Of course.
ALLISON	f	(a moment) You know, we're going to give this party for you whether you like it or not.
PARRISH	m	I like it.  I like it.  I'm sorry I don't seem more appreciative.
ALLISON	f	(resignedly) That's okay, Daddy.
QUINCE	m	...I know you're down, but you know when you're down, Drew, there's no place to go but up.
DREW	m	Thanks, Quince.
QUINCE	m	Never mind Bontecou.  I've got some other merger possibilities up my sleeve, and I'm putting them to see old man.
DREW	m	Are you?
QUINCE	m	We'll do it together.  I'll clue you in.  Timing's got to be right.  The old man says it's up to Joe.
DREW	m	'It's up to Joe'?  Those were his words?
QUINCE	m	Yeah.
DREW	m	'It's up to Joe', huh?
QUINCE	m	Yeah, that's what he said.
DREW	m	Well, that's very interesting. Drew gazes intently over at Joe who is crossing to Susan, for the moment by herself near the piano.
QUINCE	m	I thought so, too.  Joe's a neat guy.
DREW	m	Yeah.  Neat.
JOE	m	I wanted to apologize, Susan --
SUSAN	f	I thought you said 'Be sorry for nothing'.
JOE	m	Well, now I am sorry.  For intruding on you this afternoon.
SUSAN	f	It wasn't an intrusion.  And if it was, it turned out to be welcome.
JOE	m	I appreciate you --
SUSAN	f	Excuse me?
JOE	m	I mean I appreciate that.
SUSAN	f	And I appreciate you, too. A moment between them.
JOE	m	(delighted) You do?  Well, thank you very much.
PARRISH	m	I was a little abrupt with you this afternoon, Drew.  Forgive me.  I want you to know I value your advice.
DREW	m	As much as Joe's? Parrish doesn't answer. DREW (cont'd) Who is this man?  He's giving ubiquitous a bad name. A moment.
PARRISH	m	You're competitive soul, Drew. That's what makes you a great addi- tion to the money.  Joe is just... around.
DREW	m	For how long?  And why?
PARRISH	m	Please.  Don't worry about him.  And above all, don't antagonize him. Drew glances over at Joe.
DREW	m	Boss's orders, huh?  I'm great at following them.  And I think I'll start right now. Allison calls out from the other side of the room:
ALLISON	f	Dinner's ready, everybody! A BUZZ as Coyle opens the doors to the dining room and the family files in, Drew lingering behind with Joe.
DREW	m	I have a confession to make to you, Joe. Joe just smiles in response. DREW (cont'd) Do you want to hear it?
JOE	m	(pleasantly) No.
DREW	m	Well, I'm going to tell you anyway. I did cheat on that exam at Groton. But so did twenty-six other guys, and nobody ever mentioned it until today.  And I'm expecting you won't mention it again.  I don't know who you are and where you're getting your information, but I'm willing to pretend I did not hear it, and let bygones be bygones.  But can I tell you something else, it'd be nice to see the big guy without you next to him.  What are you, his shadow?  Do you hold his dick for him when he goes to take a leak?  You know some- times somebody would like a few min- utes alone with W.P.  That means without you.  Okay, pal?  Let's eat.
PARRISH	m	-- I - uh - want to thank you all for coming - uh - my family -- Everyone at the table is all attention. PARRISH (cont'd) -- Allison and Quince, Susan -- and the other members -- He glances at Joe, stops. PARRISH (cont'd) -- I'm so happy when we can get together -- I mean I know you all have busy lives --
SUSAN	f	Look who's talking.
ALLISON	f	(a laugh) Yeah, speak for yourself.
PARRISH	m	Anyway -- I remember when you were little girls -- An awkward pause.  Quince chooses to fill the silence.
QUINCE	m	I love little girls -- Allison elbows him.
PARRISH	m	And now you're all grown up -- and I'm - uh - um -- Parrish struggles to keep his emotions in check, Drew clocking his behavior very carefully. PARRISH (cont'd) I had some words all prepared but now I've forgotten them - uh - um - wait a minute. Silence, everyone waiting for Parrish to proceed. PARRISH (cont'd) Uh, it's gone...um -- it was on the tip of my tongue.
SUSAN	f	It'll come back, Daddy.
PARRISH	m	Will it?... Parrish looking around, searching for words he will not find. PARRISH (cont'd) Anyway, I'd like to go on but... He hesitates, drifts into silence.
ALLISON	f	(tentatively) Daddy, you could sit down if you wanted to. A moment.
PARRISH	m	There is so much I would like to say -- but I can't -- (another moment) So I better sit down.  Carry on, everybody. He sits, then immediately stands up again. PARRISH (cont'd) One other thing -- why don't we all have dinner again tomorrow night?
ALLISON	f	Dinner?  Again?
SUSAN	f	Haven't you had enough of us, Dad?
PARRISH	m	(with great sincerity) No. The word lands with effect, Susan and Allison have heard it well.
SUSAN	f	We'll be here.
QUINCE	m	You bet.
ALLISON	f	With bells on. The guests try to return to their food, Susan is the most concerned about Parrish's lapse, she does not say anything but Drew next to her senses her empathy and, in something of a display, gives her a pro forma hug.  Joe has observed every instant of Drew's performance, his anxiety is palpable when Coyle leans over to serve him, offering a tray of a roast that has been carved.
JOE	m	(to Coyle) I would prefer some peanut butter.
COYLE	m	How would you like that, sir?  On some kind of toast?
JOE	m	Toast?  No...just the butter.
COYLE	m	Right away. Coyle heads for the kitchen.
SUSAN	f	Why do you love peanut butter so much?
JOE	m	(intimately) I don't know.
SUSAN	f	I adore things like that....food I can't do without.  Don't you? Joe is locked on Susan, it is as if there is nobody else in the room.
JOE	m	Yes...
SUSAN	f	It comforts you, doesn't it?
JOE	m	(captivated) Yes...I've found that it does.
DREW	m	Mind if I throw up?
PARRISH	m	(admonishing gently) Please, Drew.
JOE	m	(to Susan) I'm very concerned about the woman you attended to today.
SUSAN	f	I am, too.
JOE	m	Has her pain abated?
SUSAN	f	We're doing what we can for her. But it doesn't look good.
JOE	m	I'm sorry to hear that.
DREW	m	Who are we talking about?
JOE	m	(to Susan) But I know she's grateful for the care you're giving her.
DREW	m	Is this a state secret or are we being excluded just for the fun of it?
JOE	m	(to Drew) Susan's patient is whom we are talking about.
SUSAN	f	Joe visited the hospital today. Parrish's head swivels to Joe.
ALLISON	f	Did he?  That's more than we get to do.
DREW	m	Well, maybe next time Joe goes, he'll take us along.
JOE	m	Perhaps you could remind me.
DREW	m	I'll make a note of it.  Anything else?
QUINCE	m	I'd like to come, too.  See Susan strut her stuff.
DREW	m	You're on, Quin-cee.  Destination Hospital.  Joe, you'll be the Tour Guide.  Okay?  How's that sound to you? Silence.  Parrish regards Joe, then Susan, his face reflects a sudden concern with their relationship.
JOE	m	Susan is a wonderful doctor.
DREW	m	I have to go, Bill -- it's been a helluva day.  Need a few minutes to sort everything out.
PARRISH	m	Okay, we'll see you tomorrow.
DREW	m	Sure. Drew peels off, heads for the foyer and front door, Susan follows him. Parrish corners Joe.
PARRISH	m	Why did you go to the hospital?
JOE	m	I don't know.
PARRISH	m	You were just curious?
JOE	m	I guess...
PARRISH	m	About Susan?
JOE	m	I wouldn't put it that way.
PARRISH	m	What way would you put it?
JOE	m	You tell me, Bill.
PARRISH	m	How about you telling me?  When I ask a simple question, I expect a straight answer.  That's what I'm used to.  Anybody who doesn't give it to me, I fire.
JOE	m	Are you going to fire me, Bill? Silence, Parrish is at a loss.
SUSAN	f	...See you tomorrow night.
DREW	m	Include me out.  I've had enough of the conversations.
SUSAN	f	You don't mean that.  You wouldn't disappoint Daddy --
DREW	m	Daddy'll do fine.  Besides, he's got Joe. (a moment) And so do you.
SUSAN	f	Drew, you're out of line.
DREW	m	That may be.  But I don't like the fucker.  I don't like the way he looks at you and talks to you.  And vice versa.
SUSAN	f	Sorry, but I like the way he looks and talks to me.  And vice versa. Okay?
DREW	m	No, not okay.  I thought we had a good thing going here. (a moment) It shows you never know. Silence, neither knows how to continue.
SUSAN	f	Well... goodnight.
DREW	m	Yeah.  Goodnight. Drew goes, Susan turns to find out at the far end of the foyer, he's been observing them.  She walks up to him.
SUSAN	f	How long have you been standing there?
JOE	m	I don't like the way Drew spoken to you.  But I feel better about it now because of the way you spoke back. A moment.
SUSAN	f	Tell me about yourself, Joe.  Who you are.  What you're doing with my father. Susan's directness has caught him by surprise, Joe blinks. SUSAN (cont'd) So you're not going to tell me? Joe remains silent, rendered extremely anxious by Susan's inquiries. SUSAN (cont'd) You're married, aren't you?
JOE	m	Why?
SUSAN	f	Because guys who never say anything about themselves are always married. Joe doesn't respond. SUSAN (cont'd) So you are married.
JOE	m	No, I'm not.
SUSAN	f	Girlfriend?
JOE	m	No.
SUSAN	f	Gay?
JOE	m	No. Susan comes closer to Joe.
SUSAN	f	Then tell me, Joe, how come a man as attractive, intelligent, well- spoken ,diffident in the most sed- uctive way, and yet powerful, is all alone in this world? Joe tries to respond but he can't, his stammer interrupted by Susan. SUSAN (cont'd) I'm sorry, I don't want to pry and you don't want to tell me.  So let's leave it a mystery.  That's the way you want it, isn't it? Susan takes another step closer to Joe.
JOE	m	Thank you, I appreciate that. They are inches apart now, the smell of each other surrounds them, a heaviness to the moment, now Joe turns to head up the stairs.
SUSAN	f	Where are you going?
JOE	m	(softly) To bed.
SUSAN	f	(suddenly fragile) 'To bed'?
JOE	m	Yes.  I'm tired. He excuses himself with an ineffable gesture, now climbs the stairs, Susan watches him disappear. She turns back into the salon just as Allison and Quince are exiting, "good-byes" all around.  Susan is left alone now with Parrish who is fixing a drink at a sidebar.
PARRISH	m	That was wonderful.
SUSAN	f	Yeah, it's good to get together.
PARRISH	m	Do you mind if I raise a little caution flag?
SUSAN	f	Raise away.
PARRISH	m	What is the nature of your interest in Joe?
SUSAN	f	Well, remember how you told me about "lightning striking"?  The nature of it's in there somewhere. Parrish drops another cube of ice in his drink, takes his time before answering.
PARRISH	m	I won't say you may be getting onto shaken ground --
SUSAN	f	Then what will you say?
PARRISH	m	I don't think this is the lightning you are looking for.  Drew's a good man.  I know I didn't seem to be completely in his corner before, but I've come to appreciate --
SUSAN	f	Now we love Drew and Joe in verbo- ten?  What's going on?
PARRISH	m	Nothing.
SUSAN	f	When you say 'nothing' that way, it's not nothing.
PARRISH	m	Then what is it?
SUSAN	f	It's something. She kisses him. SUSAN (cont'd) G'night, Daddy.  See you tomorrow. This is getting interesting. She goes.
DREW	m	...I know you're all as uncomfor- table as I am to be meeting without Bill, but I got a call last night from John Bontecou.  Not only is he still interested, he is sweetening his offer. (a moment) Although it pains me to say it, in my opinion Bill Parrish dealt with us peremptorily in dismissing any deal with Bontecou.  Therefore, I'm sorry to say that if we are to exam- ine this new offer responsibly as the Board of Directors of Parrish Communications, we must do so with- out its Chairman. (another moment) Oh yes, there is one additional element: Bontecou is so anxious to get us, he said he'd take Parrish Communications with our Chairman or without. The Board falls silent.  Sloane, a peer of Parrish's, fidgets.  Drew milks the moment. DREW (cont'D) It's no surprise if I suggest to you that the Bill Parrish we know is not the Bill Parrish you saw yesterday. You heard that speech -- some strange emotional rationale to buttress a knee-jerk rejection of a legitimate offer.  Does it not strike you that something is possibly affecting this man's judgement?  More specifically -- his judgement to make a critical business decision? Silence, the Board clocking Drew's argument. DREW (cont'D) It's not pleasant to say the follow- ing, but I would be remiss, in this crisis, if I did not.  When we pre- sent Bill with the improved Bontecou offer, and if he refuses to let us consider it -- once more makes an adamant or emotional rejection -- we will have no choice but to seek an alternative.
SLOANE	f	And what would that be?
DREW	m	Bill's birthday is the day after tomorrow.  There is a provisory by- law in our charter.  Per the discre- tion of the Board, Corporate off- icers can be retired at age sixty- five.
SLOANE	f	You're taking this too far, Drew.
DREW	m	Am I not obligated to? Drew leans over to Felicia, speaks quietly and she leaves the room. DREW (cont'd) How did this all come about?  Crisis -- Bill Parrish, crisis -- his com- pany, crisis for us.  I came about with the arrival on the scene of -- Mr. Joe Black.  Mr. Joe who?  Joe Black.  He attends our Board meet- int, he sleeps at Bill's house, re- sides in his office.  Never leaves his side.  And, in my opinion, is always in his ear.  Telling him what to do and Bill is listening.  Who is Joe Black?  What is his relationship to Bill Parrish?  And most important, what is behind his influence on our Chairman?
SLOANE	f	You're building this thing up too much, Drew.  He's had advisors be- fore.  Nobody tells Bill what to do. The door opens and Felicia enters followed by Quince, sur- prised at seeing a convened Board, but still he is all smiles.
DREW	m	Thank you for coming.
SLOANE	f	Hello, Quince.
QUINCE	m	Hi, Ed, hi folks, I didn't know everybody was going to be here, what a nice surprise.  What's the big confab?
SLOANE	f	(acidly) This is a secret meeting.
DREW	m	(to Quince) I hope you'll respect its nature -- What we're trying to do here is gather our thoughts -- in light of Bill's rejection of Bontecou's offer -- and make an appropriate presenta- tion to him as to how we think the company might proceed.  Won't you share with our Board the information you gave me last night? Quince hesitates, then realizes what Drew has on his mind. He nods confidently to Drew, then turns importantly to the Board.
QUINCE	m	Well, I'm happy to tell you I've got good news.  As I was telling Drew, I've been making a little hay while the Bontecou sun was shining -- two, possibly three new and boiling hot prospects for merger.
DREW	m	How did Bill react to the leads you've developed?
QUINCE	m	He was interested.
DREW	m	(prompting) -- But he was concerned about the timing?
QUINCE	m	The timing -- yes.  He says it's up to Joe.
DREW	m	'It's up to Joe'?
QUINCE	m	That's what he said. Quince, having dispensed his information, looks proudly around at the Board members.  They are stunned, Sloane in shock.  Drew is absolutely still, letting Quince's words sink in.
PARRISH	m	What is this?
ALLISON	f	Annie made them.
PARRISH	m	Who's Annie?
ALLISON	f	From La Rosette, only the greatest pastry chef in America. (pointing) This is orange, from real Seville oranges.  Lemon, on a mille-feuille crust, a little on the fanciful. And a while, nothing like a good old white cake, vanilla, with Angel food but some maroons shavings thrown in.
PARRISH	m	I don't like cake.
ALLISON	f	It's for the party, Dad --
PARRISH	m	Oh, the goddam party --
ALLISON	f	'Goddam party'! Allison bursts into tears. ALLISON (cont'd) (to Quince) Did you hear that? Quince quickly slashes a piece, takes a huge bite.
QUINCE	m	This is great, honey.  The orange. Has it got a little vodka in it? Like that Finnish stuff, orange vodka -- (to Parrish) Put your lips around this one, Bill. It's out of this world.
PARRISH	m	No thank you, Quince. (to Allison) I'm sorry, honey.  I'm no good at this.  Why don't you choose whatever cake you like?
ALLISON	f	I knew you were going to say that. Tito Puente.  The old platoon.  Now the cake.  You just don't care.  Why did I do this?  I should have my head examined.  I'm trying to throw the party for the century for my father - and you know what -- he doesn't give a shit. She bursts into tears all over again.
QUINCE	m	But he does give a shit.  Don't you, Bill?
PARRISH	m	Yeah, I give a shit.
QUINCE	m	See.  There.  What'd I tell you? Joe watches as Quince dabs at Allison's tears with a napkin. QUINCE (cont'd) Feel better?
ALLISON	f	Yeah, but --
QUINCE	m	But what?
ALLISON	f	What will I tell Annie? Parrish forks a bit of a cake.
PARRISH	m	This one.
QUINCE	m	The vodka.  What'd I tell you? Quince puts a reassuring arm around Allison, she seems to relax now, Joe has been a keen observer of what has trans- pired between husband and wife, between man and woman, a sense that he has taken in the virtue of such a relation- ship.
JOE	m	(to Quince) Cirrhosis of the liver is the fifth leading killer of adult Western males.
QUINCE	m	I didn't know that.
JOE	m	On the other hand, Winston Churchill drank a bottle of cognac a day and lived until he was ninety-one. After a moment.
QUINCE	m	You're an original, Joe.  A little hard to figure, maybe...
JOE	m	And you're a nice man, Quince.
QUINCE	m	Thanks.
JOE	m	You're welcome.
DREW	m	(to Parrish) Sorry to intrude, Bill, but we've got a bit of a crisis downtown -- it's not something we could talk about on the phone. Parrish takes Drew aside. DREW (cont'd) The Board's real unhappy, Pappy -- they felt you dealt with them pre- emptorily, you never gave them a chance to speak --
PARRISH	m	What is there to say?  They know what John Bontecou is -- and if they didn't, they know now.
DREW	m	Yes, you made your feeling abun- dantly clear.  Now they want to do the same with theirs.
PARRISH	m	What are their feelings?
DREW	m	If I read this Board right now, they want you to accept Bontecou's offer.
PARRISH	m	Over my dead body. Parrish's burgeoning anger has now gotten the attention of Joe, Susan, Quince and Allison.
DREW	m	What do you think the Board is going to say when I tell them that?
PARRISH	m	I don't care.
DREW	m	With all due respect, you damn well better care because if you try to stonewall them again, there'll be blood on the floor. Silence, Parrish carefully calibrating Drew's remark.
PARRISH	m	Whose?
DREW	m	Yours.
PARRISH	m	I'm feeling real uncomfortable right now because the guy who reports to me is threatening me.
DREW	m	I'm just giving you the truth.  There was a time when William Parrish liked the truth. Joe, although across the room, is all attention.
PARRISH	m	I think it's time you went home, Drew.
DREW	m	Certainly.  Goodnight. Drew goes, everybody is in shock, Susan pursues him out into the hallway.
SUSAN	f	Drew! He stops. SUSAN (cont'd) Never talk to my father like that again.
DREW	m	Don't worry about it.  There's a beginning and a middle and an end to everything.  And I think I've come to the end of my chapter with the Parrishes. Joe has followed them into the hallway. DREW (cont'd) And the end began with this guy. Drew looks down towards Joe. DREW (cont'd) Mr. Black --?  We ran a check on you and you know what we came up with?
JOE	m	No, I don't --
DREW	m	Not good, not bad, you know what we got?  Nothing.  No credit, no cars, no mortgages -- no wives.  Nothing. Joe waits. DREW (cont'd) All of a sudden a guy appears on the scene with the Chairman of one of the greatest communications corpora- tions of the world, the boss makes him privy to all the company's secrets, he attends the Board meet- ings, and us working stiffs with MBA's up the ass and years and years and years of experience, we're left outside with our noses pressed against the window. Joe doesn't respond. DREW (cont'd) This is a big-time operation, deal- ing in big-time issues, demanding big-time executives who make big- time decisions.  So, Joe, why don't you tell me exactly what it is that's big time about you? After a moment.
JOE	m	You first.
SUSAN	f	(to Drew) Why don't you get off his case?
DREW	m	Oh, you're the great Joe's attorney now?  Are we going to go to court? Or are we going to go to bed?  And I don't mean you and me.  I mean you and him.
SUSAN	f	That's it.  It's over.  Get out.
DREW	m	So I guess a blowjob's out of the question? Joe clears his throat. DREW (cont'd) Did you say something? Joe considers him evenly.
JOE	m	Almost.
SUSAN	f	(to Drew) I said get out. Now Drew wheels, heads right for the front door and exits with a SLAM.
JOE	m	What an angry fellow. A moment passes before Susan realizes she and Joe are alone, and Joe does as well.
SUSAN	f	I'm sorry about --
JOE	m	Please.  We don't need to talk about Drew. She regards Joe.
SUSAN	f	No.  We don't. They drift, osmotically, into the library in awkward silence. SUSAN (cont'd) Brave you had a chance to look at Dad's rare books?  Jefferson's Parliamentary Manual, a first edition Bleak House -- Joe comes closer, takes a deep breath.
JOE	m	I love your smell.
SUSAN	f	-- I guess you haven't. Now Susan, close to Joe, leans closer, her nose in Joe's neck.  Joe holds himself very still. SUSAN (cont'd) I like your smell, too.
JOE	m	Thank you.
SUSAN	f	It was everything. Silence, the TICKING of the clock. SUSAN (cont'd) When I was little, my mother used to say, "Darling, you could set your heart by this clock".
JOE	m	-- Could you?
SUSAN	f	Never tried, 'til now. (suddenly) Joe, may I kiss you?
JOE	m	Why, yes.  Thank you. A moment.
SUSAN	f	You're welcome. Susan reaches out for Joe, they kiss, he is awkward but his very awkwardness endearing.  Susan pulls him closer, they linger now, mouths on each other's, then separate. SUSAN (cont'd) Thank you.
JOE	m	You're welcome. The clock TICKS on.  A sense of foreboding falls over Joe's face, his fear that he is passing through some barrier, a point of no return.
SUSAN	f	Joe? The apprehensive expression on Joe's face fades away.
JOE	m	Yes?
SUSAN	f	I don't know who you are.
JOE	m	Well...I'm -- uh, Joe.  And you're Susan.  And I - uh - have this weak feeling in my knees --
SUSAN	f	And is your heart beating strangely?
JOE	m	Faster.  And I want the scent from underneath your ears and the taste of your lips and the touch of your tongue to stay with me -- forever. An intake of breath.  She is about to speak. JOE (cont'd) And you don't even have to say a word. Their faces inches from each other's.
SUSAN	f	I have to go home. But neither Susan nor Joe moves. SUSAN (cont'd) Don't I? Her question makes Joe, almost involuntarily, smile.  Susan takes the opportunity to step back from him.  The SOUND of someone at the door, it is Parrish, Susan turns, comprehends immediately how the situation will appear to him.
SUSAN	f	Goodnight, Daddy. She drifts right past him, exits.  Joe and Parrish are left alone now, eyes on each other's.
JOE	m	Hello, Bill.
PARRISH	m	(carefully) Hello.  Would you like to join me, Quince and Allison for a nightcap?
JOE	m	Um -- not right now. An awkward moment.
PARRISH	m	Okay.  Goodnight.
JOE	m	Goodnight. Parrish turns and exits, Joe's head inclines, he breathes in the scent of his collar.
JENIFER	f	Good morning, Mr. Parrish.
PARRISH	m	Good morning, Jennifer.
JENIFER	f	The Board is waiting.
PARRISH	m	What?
JENIFER	f	Didn't you call a Board meeting? Jennifer sees Parrish is trying to right his balance, she knows better than to press the point. JENIFER (cont'd) Yes, the members are waiting.  They are in the Board room now. Jennifer nods respectfully as Parrish doesn't cast a flicker of any further surprise, heads straight for the Board room, Joe right beside him.
PARRISH	m	Good morning. An odd mixture of responses, the Board sheepish and at the same time looking their most dutiful at this odd meeting, its sudden convening clearly a problem for Parrish, a prob- lem which he does not attempt to hide, only control.
DREW	m	Did you want to have a cup of coffee or something, Bill?
PARRISH	m	I don't think so.  Do you? Drew gets the message, at the same time Joe is checking out all the attendees, his eyes come to rest on Drew.
DREW	m	(to Parrish) To get to the point, we have re- ceived new information from John Bontecou concerning his desires for this company to merge with his, and we wanted to set the details before you. A moment as Parrish looks around, the moment extends, it appears he may not ever answer.
PARRISH	m	That's it?
DREW	m	Bontecou wants a quick response and --
PARRISH	m	The answer is no, quick enough for you?
DREW	m	Don't you want to hear the details?
PARRISH	m	I'm not interested in the details. And I'm not interested in the big picture either.  What I am inter- ersted in is how my Board got conven- ed behind my back, is entertaining a further proposal from a man whom it offends me to do business with, moreover has the audacity to present this to me like a prize fish, and I am expected to clap for it like a performing seal.  No, thank you.
DREW	m	So I am to understand from your re- sponse that you do not want to hear the details of Bontecou's offer?
PARRISH	m	Yes, you are to understand that, and now may I ask you a question?
DREW	m	Certainly, Bill.
PARRISH	m	Are you running this Board or am I? Sloane leans in.
SLOANE	f	We're not getting anywhere here. Why don't we take some of the best out of this thing, let's consider it coolly, let's take a week --
DREW	m	Bontecou wants a speedier response than that.
SLOANE	f	He'll wait --
PARRISH	m	Doesn't need to.  Today, tomorrow, a week from now -- 'a week from now', who can think about a week from now -- the answer is going to be the same -- a loud, unmistakable, all-inclusive, airtight -- 'No'. A BUZZ amongst the Board, they finally rustle into silence under Parrish's withering glance. PARRISH (cont'd) That's it?  I've got a busy day and this meeting has already set me behind.  Shall we adjourn?
DREW	m	Before we do, while we're here, there is a second question the Board would like a response to, a far simpler one. Parrish waits. DREW (cont'd) Who is the man sitting to the right of you? Everybody's eyes are on Joe.
PARRISH	m	I've already introduced Mr. Black to you all.
DREW	m	But who is he?  What are his creden- tials?  What is his relationship to you? No response from Parrish. DREW (cont'd) The feeling of the Board is this: we fear Mr. Black is not only influenc- ing your decisions in regard to this company, but that you are relying on him to make them for you. Quince flinches at these words, his hands clasped in front of him, his knuckles white as Parrish regards Drew, but still does not answer. DREW (cont'd) The lack of response, Bill, is not appropriate.  We are your Board, we have a right to know how you are managing the operations of this company, and most importantly, that you have not delegated someone to do it for you. Parrish squirms, desperately uncomfortable but still does not speak. DREW (cont'd) Okay, one more time. Drew regards Joe. DREW (cont'd) Who is Joe Black? Parrish stares stoically into the middle distance as Quince's head sinks into his hands. DREW (cont'd) (to the Board) A motion has been brought before the Board to invoke Article 19 of the corporate charter.
PARRISH	m	In English, please.
DREW	m	Mandatory retirement upon our Chairman's sixty-fifth birthday. Parrish is expressionless. DREW (cont'd) At which time, the Chairman will be named Emeritus, he will be welcome to attend all meetings, and will serve as International Spokesman for the corporation plus, of course, a settlement, a golden parachute of such magnitude that his feet will never touch the ground. Drew pauses. DREW (cont'd) Please indicate your vote by a "Yes" or "No". A "Yes" is heard, now another "Yes", now more "Yes"es, all reluctant, "No" from Sloane, "No" from Quince who realizes he is the instrument of Parrish's dismissal. DREW (cont'd) The motion is passed.  We will of course delay the announcement, out of respect for our former Chairman, until after the celebration of his birthday this weekend.
PARRISH	m	Thank you for allowing me to save face, Drew. Joe's eyes are riveted on Drew.
DREW	m	(to the Board) The other motion before us is the acceptance of John Bontecou's offer to merge this corporation with Bontecou International -- Parrish stands, Drew stops speaking.
PARRISH	m	Joe? Silence, then Joe rises.
JOE	m	(to the Board) Who I am, and my relationship to Bill, will be divulged in our own good time. Joe follows Parrish out of the room.
SLOANE	f	(to Parrish) ...It's not over, 'til it's over.
PARRISH	m	Please, Eddie, no 'Fat Lady Sings" shit.
SLOANE	f	I still sense some doubt in this group, we could turn it around. You'll be up in the country?
PARRISH	m	Yes, the big 'celebration' of my mandatory retirement birthday. You're an honored guest, Eddie.
SLOANE	f	I'm going to stick it out here.  We still have a shot. The elevator door opens, Parrish and Joe step inside and the door closes, leaving Sloane behind.
QUINCE	m	What have you done?  You've gotten the old man fired!
DREW	m	That we did.  Thanks to you.  He was wobbling, mind you, but you stupid the coup de grace. Quince falls silent, aquiver with this reality.
QUINCE	m	I'm going to put a stop to this!
DREW	m	Quince, you can't unscramble scrambled eggs.
QUINCE	m	But I didn't mean to do it!
DREW	m	The train's left the station, pal, and you're aboard.  Would you like to hear the silver lining?  Check that, gold.  I've been working with John Bontecou all along.  We had a game plan -- acquire Parrish Communications then break it apart and peddle it piece-by-piece to the highest bidder.  I set it up for him, he smacks it out of the park. Quince is struck dumb. DREW (cont'd) Don't you know what this'll mean? You'll be rich.  You'll sell your stock, you can stop kissing ass -- What'll it feel like to be a man?
QUINCE	m	I don't want to get rich this way -- I'm going to expose you.
DREW	m	Go right ahead.  Tell William Parrish how you betrayed him at a secret Board meeting.  And tell Allison how you got her father fired -- and he lost his company. Quince goes ashen. DREW (cont'd) It's just life, Quin-cee. Drew hails an employee across the hall. DREW (cont'd) (to Quince) Wake up and smell the thorns. Drew joins the employee as Quince slumps against the wall.
JOE	m	I'm sorry, Bill --
PARRISH	m	That's okay.
JOE	m	What's okay?
PARRISH	m	Just a manner of speaking. Joe seems puzzled.
PARRISH	m	(cont'd) What 'okay' is, it's 'okay' it's over.  We've got bigger fish to fry, don't we, Joe?
JOE	m	'Fish'?
PARRISH	m	Never mind.  I'm tired.  I'm going to take a nap. A moment. PARRISH (cont'd) Are you hungry?  Coyle will have Luisa fix you something to eat.
JOE	m	I'm not hungry.
PARRISH	m	Then I can't help you. Parrish turns into his bedroom, closing the door gently behind him.  Joe continues down the hall, enters the guest wing.
SUSAN	f	You're here?
JOE	m	I am. He stands, they regard each other for the moment. JOE (cont'd) May I take your coat? She doesn't answer, starts to take off the coat herself, Joe comes around her to help, Susan senses him breathing in the scent at the back of her neck.
SUSAN	f	I just thought I'd drop by, scrounge a little lunch, I was in the neigh- borhood --
JOE	m	How beautiful. He starts to hang Susan's coat up.
SUSAN	f	Just throw it on the chair. Joe holds her coat carefully on the chair.  An awkward moment, the two of them shifting from foot-to-foot. SUSAN (cont'd) When I called, they said that you and Daddy had just left the office.
JOE	m	He's taking a nap.
SUSAN	f	He must be tired -- this Bontecou thing --
JOE	m	Yes, he's tired.  I believe so. A moment. JOE (cont'd) You must be hungry? Susan sits on the couch.
SUSAN	f	No, not anymore.  Are you? Joe hears the question but doesn't answer, sits down on the couch beside her. SUSAN (cont'd) (after a moment) Are you cold?
JOE	m	...No.
SUSAN	f	Maybe it's the draft through the door. She gets up, closes the door, sits back down again next to Joe.  A warm, awkward silence, they move closer to each other, now they fall into a foreplay which Susan recognizes as such, Joe, on the other hand, participates hungrily but has no knowledge where it is leading.  His movements are instinctive, the smell of her hair, the shape of her fin- gers, odd things about her seem to interest him.  This excites her because she senses his untutoredness and the very sense of that stirs her, their reactions to each other are intuitive and spontaneous; even though Joe has no know- ledge of how to make love to a woman, ironically his actions are such that they never beg the question -- has he done it before. Strange territory for Joe, not to be 'in control' and exert- ing his power, but his inventions and responses in lovemak- ing are so real that an emotional exchange between he and Susan builds.  Joe has found himself in an unexplored land of feeling and passion, he loves what is happening and yet at the same time, is terrified by it.  He feels himself being lured by some power he has not only never been aware of, but is deeply dangerous to partake of; he knows what he is doing is putting who he is at great risk, yet he goes right on. The powerful contradiction is transmitted to Susan, and in the end there is the knowledge they have together made a journey, they both have been swept away in a stream of events they have created; and they don't care about the consequences. Spent, they lie in silence.  Finally Susan speaks:
SUSAN	f	It's so wonderful to make love to you.  It's like making love to some- one who has never made love before. Joe senses an opportunity not only to admit to what she has said, but to tell her more, even the truth about himself. He weighs, then resists, the impulse.
JOE	m	Thank you. Her head nestles underneath his arm, she has a sense of his comforting her without knowing that he is doing so.
SUSAN	f	Did you like making love to me?
JOE	m	I loved it.
SUSAN	f	More than you love peanut butter?
JOE	m	Yes! She laughs at the earnestness with which he answers. Joe seems to drift away now, they lie together as one but for the first time, she feels separate from him, sensing him gone to some distant, distant land.
SUSAN	f	Where are you going?
JOE	m	Nowhere?  I'm...here.
SUSAN	f	For how long?
JOE	m	Oh, I hope a long, long time. A moment.
SUSAN	f	Me, too. Another moment.
JOE	m	What do we do now? She smiles.
SUSAN	f	It will come to us.
JOE	m	Hello, Bill. Parrish, in a state of shock, doesn't answer for a moment. JOE (cont'd) Did you have a nice nap?
PARRISH	m	I couldn't sleep.
JOE	m	I'm sorry to hear that. He starts up the stairs.
PARRISH	m	No, I'll come down Joe waits guardedly at the bottom of the stairs as Parrish descends. PARRISH (cont'd) What's going on? Joe senses Parrish's tone, doesn't answer. PARRISH (cont'd) I saw you kiss Susan.
JOE	m	Yes, I saw you see me.
PARRISH	m	Well, you're at the wrong place at the wrong time with the wrong woman.
JOE	m	I'll be the judge of that.
PARRISH	m	I'm her father!
JOE	m	With all due respect, Bill, I'm not asking your permission.
PARRISH	m	Well, you goddam well should.  You walk into my life, give me the worst news a guy can get, have me dancing on the heads of pins with my busi- ness and with my family, and now you're spooning with my daughter.
JOE	m	'Spooning'?
PARRISH	m	Yes, and stop repeating everything I sai, and turning it into a question. Spooning, fooling around, God knows what.  You arrive on the scene -- why you picked me, I still don't under- stand --
JOE	m	I picked you for your verve, your excellence, and for your ability to - how shall I say - instruct.  You've lived a first-rate life.  And I find it eminently usable. Parrish measures Joe.
PARRISH	m	What do you want? Joe doesn't answer, riveted now on Parrish. PARRISH (cont'd) Everybody wants something, Joe. You've been taking me from pillar to post here.  I thought I knew who you were, and it wasn't a whole lot of fun, however it was almost bear- able.  Now I'm getting something else from you, something very, very strange -- what is it that you want, Joe?
JOE	m	I'm only following the Parrish bywords.  Looking for that 'ounce of excitement', that 'whisper of a thrill' -- What there is no sense living your life without.  You know what I mean, Bill. Parrish's jaw sets.
PARRISH	m	You're violating the laws of the universe.
JOE	m	This universe?
PARRISH	m	Any universe that exists or ever existed.  You may be the pro, Joe. But I know who you are.  And you're all fucked up.
JOE	m	I don't like your tone, and I don't like your references.
PARRISH	m	And I don't give a shit.
JOE	m	May I remind you this is not just a dispute with a putative suitor, this is me.  So watch it...Bill.
PARRISH	m	Cut the 'Bill' crap out -- you sonofabitch.
JOE	m	I told you, 'watch it'. Silence.  Now Joe turns on his heel, heads right out the front door.  Parrish is left solitary, confounded, staring at the closed door.
RECEPTIONIST	m	Can I help you?
JOE	m	Dr. Parrish.
RECEPTIONIST	m	She comes on at 6.
JOE	m	Oh. He looks at the flowers, regards them for a moment, then heads for an elevator.
EASTER	f	Mistah Bad News.  'Bout time you show up. Joe speaks to her in the dialect.
JOE	m	Don' be facety, woman.
EASTER	f	None facety, mistah.  You come for me?  Dat's good news.
JOE	m	No, I come to see Doctor.
EASTER	f	Doctor?  What could be wrong wit' you?
JOE	m	Nuthin'. Silence, then Easter smiles.
EASTER	f	Oh, you come to see Doctor Lady?
JOE	m	Yes.
EASTER	f	My Doctor Lady?
JOE	m	Mine, too. She thinks about this for the moment, Joe grows uncomfort- able.
EASTER	f	You in love? Joe seems slightly tormented by the question, Easter senses him trying to frame a respect.
JOE	m	Yah.
EASTER	f	You loved back?
JOE	m	I am.
EASTER	f	She knows you real self?
JOE	m	She knows how she feel.
EASTER	f	(scoffing) Rass!
JOE	m	(irritably) Don' need you okayin'.
EASTER	f	Schoolboy tings is you head. Badness for you, badness for her, badness for me, lyin' here tumor, big as breadfruit, poison my inners an' waiting.
JOE	m	Brung you flowers and all I gettin's facety back.
EASTER	f	(stubbornly) Only flowers I wan' see's one's over my peaceful self restin' in the dutty.
JOE	m	Can do no right by people.  Come to take, you wan' to stay, leave you stay, you wan' to go.  Rahtid! Silence, Easter waits, watching Joe.
EASTER	f	You not in you right place, mistah. Easter's response stops Joe cold, he looks away and then back at her, she had clearly reached him. EASTER (cont'd) I ain' either.  No more.  You come wi' me now.  Take me.
JOE	m	But I not lonely here.  Somebody want me here. Easter considers Joe, she smiles sympathetically.
EASTER	f	It nice it happen to you.  It like you came to Cat Island and you had a holiday, sun didn't burn you red, just brown, sleep no mosquito eat you, rum no poung you head nex' day. But trut' is, dat bound to happen, you stay long enough.  So tak dat nice picture home wi' you, but don' be fooled.  We lonely here mostly, too.  If we lucky, we got some nice pictures. Easter drifts into silence, her eyes and Joe's meet, a sense they understand each other.  Easter shifts, trying hard to ease her discomfort.
JOE	m	(gently) Got enough nice pictured, Easter. She looks at him and nods gratefully and closes her eyes. Joe watches her, now his eyes close.  Easter exhales raspingly, falls still.  The monitors flatline.  A beeping alarm sound somewhere down the hall. Joe opens his eyes, takes a deep breath, he seems troubled. JOE (cont'd) G'bye, sistah. She slips out of the room.
PARRISH	m	Hello, honey. He starts to get up, she motions to him to stay, looks around now.
SUSAN	f	Where's Joe?
PARRISH	m	Joe? A silence. PARRISH (cont'd) Joe's not around.
SUSAN	f	Where is he?
PARRISH	m	I don't know. Susan seems distracted. PARRISH (cont'd) Why are you looking for Joe?
SUSAN	f	Because I was sitting in a staff meeting, incredibly bored, my mind kept wandering and the only place it landed was -- Joe.
PARRISH	m	I don't understand.
SUSAN	f	Love.  Passion.  Obsession, all those things you told me to wait for.  Well, they've arrived. Parrish blinks, stares down at his cards.
PARRISH	m	This is crazy --
SUSAN	f	Why?  A man appears at your side, almost never leaves it, you clearly trust him, depend on him, I sense you value him deeply, why aren't those things good enough for me?
PARRISH	m	You don't know anything about Joe --
SUSAN	f	What are you afraid of, Dad?  That I'll fall head over heels for Joe -- well, I have -- as you did with Mom. (a moment) That's always been standard, whether you like or not. Parrish tries to get hold of himself, changes gear now.
PARRISH	m	Susan, I don't think Joe is going to be with us long.
SUSAN	f	Where's he going?
PARRISH	m	I don't know, I can't say --
SUSAN	f	C'mon!  The guy's working with you. You always know chapter and verse about everyone who works --
PARRISH	m	In this case, I can't.  I - uh -- I just can't help you.  I only would tell you -- that with Joe, you are on very, very dangerous ground. Susan doesn't answer for a moment.
SUSAN	f	I love him.
PARRISH	m	I don't care if you love him!  I'm telling you he's no good for you! A moment.
SUSAN	f	Of course not, Daddy.  I'm sorry. There is something in Susan's tone that lets him know not a word has sunk in.  Parrish slumps. SUSAN (cont'd) I love you, too. She kisses Parrish, rearranges one of his ranks of cards, shuffles through the deck, turns over the top card, lays down a card Parrish needs. SUSAN (cont'd) Lightning does strike. Parrish watches as Susan turns, disappears out the door.
CLERK	m	Change!  Change! Joe stops, uncomprehending.  The Clerk hands Joe bills and coins.
JOE	m	Why are you giving me money?
CLERK	m	Change.
JOE	m	I am who I am.  I cannot change. Joe tries to hand the money back, but the baffled Clerk refuses it.
CLERK	m	You change!
JOE	m	That's impossible.  You're wasting your money.  I couldn't change even if I wanted to. The Clerk, exasperated, murmurs something in his language and returns to the store.  Joe continues on down the street.
JOE	m	Uh --
PARRISH	m	Yes?
JOE	m	-- I have the feeling that, all in all, what I made this voyage for -- has served its purpose.
PARRISH	m	What are you saying, that it's time to go? Joe doesn't respond, Parrish and Joe measure each other for the moment. PARRISH (cont'd) I'm ready.
JOE	m	You are?
PARRISH	m	Yeah.
JOE	m	Good.  Tomorrow, after the party. Parrish nods, Joe nods back.
MAY	f	(to Parrish) Telephone call, sir.  Mr. Sloane from New York. Parrish nods, starts up for a wing off the main house, Joe right at his side.  Parrish stops.
PARRISH	m	Excuse me. Joe, not knowing whether to be affronted or not, hesitates, and Parrish strides away.  Joe does not follow.
PARRISH	m	Eddie?
SLOANE 	f	(speakerphone) Yeah - Bill - How are you?  You okay?
PARRISH	m	Fine, fine.  Big doing up here.  Why are you still down here?
SLOANE 	f	(speakerphone) The Board's working through the weekend, trying up the loose ends this damn thing.  But I want to give it one more try, I'm still holding out some hope.
PARRISH	m	Eddie, hold out all the hope you want but, I promise you, it's hope- less, it's over.  Come on up, let's get drunk, if I had your shoulder to lean on I might actually enjoy this --
SLOANE 	f	(speakerphone) No, I'm going to stay down here, keep my finger in the dike and maybe by Monday, the waters could recede.
PARRISH	m	If you're trying to show me lay- down-in-front-of-the-bus loyalty, forget it.
SLOANE 	f	(speakerphone) Sorry, Bill, have a drink, eat your cake, blow out the candles and make a wish.  Talk to you Monday.  Okay?
PARRISH	m	Okay, Eddie -- anyway, thanks for the memory. Parrish clicks off the SPEAKERPHONE, turns around and looks out the window again, the party preparations in full swing, colored lights are tested, they flicker on and off.
ALLISON	f	Hi, Daddy, what do you think?
PARRISH	m	It's starting to grow on me.  But what do the 'B' and 'P' mean?
ALLISON	f	The fountain is the Caspian Sea and the Sea is serving up caviar.  The 'B's for Beluga, the 'P' for Petrossian.  Of course, they also stand for 'Bill' and for 'Parrish'.
PARRISH	m	Do they, m'dear?
ALLISON	f	-- Plus we've got a baritone with a balalaika coming from The Russian Tea Room.  I've dressed him in a Cossack shirt and he'll sing Nelson Eddy songs. Parrish shakes his head.
PARRISH	m	You are amazing.  Why, oh why, Allison, are you doing all this? But before she can answer, a workman is tugging at Allison's sleeve, she turns away from Parrish to give him instructions out of Parrish's earshot, and then turns back, they step away now, daughter and father, alone.
ALLISON	f	I do it because I love you.  Because everybody I loved you.  Mommy -- wher- ever she is -- Susan, Quince, the people who work for you, everybody who's ever known you.
PARRISH	m	Yeah?  And what about my enemies?
ALLISON	f	They respect you.  Isn't that a kind of love? Unexpectedly, Allison brushes a lock away from Parrish's forehead, with a flick she has rearranged his hair, he blinks, a little embarrassed, but having liked it. ALLISON (cont'd) Above all, you've been a wonderful father.
PARRISH	m	I haven't been the father to you that --
ALLISON	f	That you've been to Susan?
PARRISH	m	I wasn't going to say --
ALLISON	f	But that's what you were thinking. And that's okay.  Because I know you love me.  Not like it is with Susan, the way your eyes light up when she comes in the room and the way she always gets a laugh out of you, as opposed to me when I walk in a room and that look comes over your face, "What does she want now?" A weather-beaten military parade ground pennant passes, 24th Infantry Regiment  "C" (Charlie) Company. ALLISON (cont'd) I already feel I've had everything I could have wanted for my birthday --
PARRISH	m	Hey, there's lots to come. (gesturing to me  activity) A little excess -- like you love. The preparations are building to a climax, all the elaborate plans coming to fruition.
PARRISH	m	You know, darling, this is going to be a wonderful party.
ALLISON	f	(gently) Yes, it is. Allison wades into the maelstrom now, Parrish watches her go, swarms of purveyors and caterers following her.
QUINCE	m	Give me a Seagrams and '7'. Ambrose looks at him blankly. QUICNCE (cont'd) No got?  Okay a double V.O., water back.
AMBROSE	m	I'm afraid this is a wine bar, Mr. Quince.
QUINCE	m	Okay, give me a bottle of wine.
AMBROSE	m	Red or white?
QUINCE	m	Both. Joe appears, looking bewildered, jostled by caterers setting up last-minute tables, a drummer from the band rolls his traps past on a little cart.  Joe doesn't seem to know where he is, when his eyes alight on Quince, he heads for this oasis.  Ambrose sets down two bottles of wine and departs. QUINCE (cont'd) (to Joe) Red or white?
JOE	m	No, thank you. Quince sips the red, now the white, now he pours some of each into one glass.
QUINCE	m	C'mon, have a drink.  You look like you need one bad as me.
JOE	m	Do I?  I'm a little confused.
QUINCE	m	Confused, huh?  About what?
JOE	m	Love.
QUINCE	m	'Love'?  Oh, man, I've got troubles of my own.
JOE	m	You love Allison, don't you?
QUINCE	m	Oh yes, I do.
JOE	m	How did you meet?
QUINCE	m	I was a world-class loser and she was a happy, little rich girl -- and for some reason she took me in.
JOE	m	But she loves you? Quince smiles, nods embarrassedly. JOE (cont'd) How do you know?
QUINCE	m	Because there's nothing we don't know about each other and it's okay. I mean the deeper, darkest secrets -- they don't matter.
JOE	m	'The deepest, darkest secrets --'?
QUINCE	m	Yeah, it's like you know every inch of each other's souls -- and then you're free.
JOE	m	What do you mean 'free'?
QUINCE	m	Free to love each other.  Com- pletely.  Totally.  No fear. Quince seems uncharacteristically within himself. QUINCE (cont'd) All that hoopla up there reminds me how I will never measure up to a man like Bill Parrish - or his daughter. He drains his wine. QUINCE (cont'd) Do you like me, Joe?
JOE	m	Oh yes, you are one of my favorites.
QUINCE	m	What would you say if you knew it was me who brought down Bill Parrish? (a moment) I told Drew and the Board that Bill depended on you.  Drew led me on, but I had no business telling him in the first place.  He was setting up Bill from day one.  Drew and Bontecou are going to chop up the company and sell it off for parts. Bontecou was outside, Drew was Mr. Inside.  And I was the fool who made it all happen.  Oh God, what do I do? Joe regards Quince.
JOE	m	Go to Bill Parrish and tell him everything.  He'll forgive you. Quince drains one more glass of wine.
QUINCE	m	You think so?  How do you know?
JOE	m	Because that's the kind of man Bill Parrish is. A moment.
QUINCE	m	Well, maybe... I guess you know him better than anybody. Another moment.
JOE	m	-- Getting to. The orchestra behind them plays a few riffs, sound checks, getting close.
QUINCE	m	Do you think I should wait to tell him 'till after the party?
JOE	m	No. Quince nods anxiously, then smiles gratefully.  They look on as the pre-party activities swirl on around them.
SUSAN	f	I like you in a black tie.
JOE	m	I love you in an evening gown.
SUSAN	f	It beats a surgical, doesn't it? He smiles. SUSAN (cont'd) Daddy told me you might be leaving?
JOE	m	Yes.  Your father and I, our time together has come to an end.
SUSAN	f	Where are you going? Joe attempts to answer, but nothing comes out. SUSAN (cont'd) You won't tell me?
JOE	m	Well -- I --
SUSAN	f	And you can't tell me who you are. Again the same indescribable gesture from Joe. SUSAN (cont'd) I'm in love with a man, I don't know who he is, where he's going or when.
JOE	m	I can tell you the when part.  Tonight.
SUSAN	f	It gets worse.
JOE	m	No worse than it gets for me.  I'm in love with a woman whom I don't want to leave.
SUSAN	f	Then don't. A moment.
JOE	m	We know so little about each other --
SUSAN	f	We know all that we need to know --
JOE	m	But there's so much to tell you --
SUSAN	f	Don't.  That will come later.
JOE	m	Will it?
SUSAN	f	Lightning struck.  We caught it in a bottle.  Don't let it out.  I want to be with you, Joe -- Another moment.
JOE	m	What will we do?
SUSAN	f	'Love will find out the way'.
JOE	m	'Love will find out the way'?
SUSAN	f	It's a saying.
JOE	m	I believe that, don't you?
SUSAN	f	Yes, that's why I said it. They are on the brink of some decision, Joe is about to make some declaration when Allison is heard --
ALLISON 	f	There you are! Allison appears. ALLISON (cont'd) What's going on here?  Tete-a-tetes on my big night? (to Susan) C'mon honey, you're needed. (to Joe) Can it wait? But before he can answer -- ALLISON (cont'd) Glad to hear it! (to Susan) Let's go. She takes Susan's arm and marches her off, Joe, in thrall, watches them go as the MUSIC erupts behind them, as 'up' dance tune, a lilting, catchy melody envelops them all.  The curtain has risen on William Parrish's 65th birthday party.
QUINCE	m	...what can I say after I say that I'm sorry?  I zipped when I should've zagged, I opened my big mouth one too many times, everything got all twisted --
PARRISH	m	It's okay, Quince.  I understand. You've always meant well and I appreciate that.  Sometimes things just turn out -- wrong. A KNOCK on the door, it opens, Joe appears.
JOE	m	Excuse me -- He starts to step out.
QUINCE	m	Come in, Joe -- I want to thank you -- okay, Bill?
PARRISH	m	Sure. As Joe enters, Quince flashes a warm smile at him.
QUINCE	m	(to Parrish) Joe knew the whole story.  I told him.  It was his idea that I come clean.  I mean I wanted to come clean but he gave me a pair of balls, you know what I mean?
PARRISH	m	Yes, I believe I do. Quince now drifts off.
QUICHE	f	Yeah, well -- I can tell you guys got business --
PARRISH	m	No, I'm out of business, right, Quince?  However I do have some unfinished business -- with Drew. Get him out here.  Get him on the chopper and get him out here to- night.  I want to tell this guy how I feel about him face-to-face.
QUINCE	m	Oh, that could be a tall order, B.P. I doubt that Drew's anxious to see you face-to-face. Joe steps in.
JOE	m	(to Quince) Tell Drew that Bill acknowledges that this was a contest and he's lost.  The race is to the swift, but could Drew summon a modicum of understanding and allow Bill to save face.  Tell him Bill wants it understood in the business community he has merely moved upstairs in his own company, and the executive continuity is unbroken.  Tonight's the night to do it.  He'll introduce Drew to his press friends as well as some of his close acquaintances from Washington and Drew can tell them that everything's sailing along just fine. Parrish is impressed by Joe's acumen, a look of grudging admiration.  He nods to Joe, summarizes:
PARRISH	m	(to Quince) All in all, what Bill wants to do is build the golden bridge to Drew with no hard feelings.
QUINCE	m	You think Drew will go for it?
PARRISH	m	Quince, I've got confidence in you.
QUINCE	m	Sir, I'll deliver the package. He heads out, Parrish and Joe fall silent.
PARRISH	m	Thanks.
JOE	m	Not at all. A moment. JOE (cont'd) How are you doing?
PARRISH	m	What the hell do you care?
JOE	m	I was just asking, Bill.
PARRISH	m	You 'want to know', I'll tell you. You're looking at a man who tonight is not about to walk through the Valley of the Shadow of Death, he's galloping into it.  And the same time, the business he built with his own hands and his own head is being commandeered by a couple of cheap pirates.  And, oh yes, I almost forgot, my daughter's fallen in love with Death. Another moment.
JOE	m	-- And I'm in love with your daughter.
PARRISH	m	Say again?
JOE	m	I'm in love with your daughter, and I'm taking her with me tonight. Parrish is stunned.
PARRISH	m	You're what?
JOE	m	I think you heard me, Bill.
PARRISH	m	You're not taking Susan anywhere. And what the hell does that mean anyway? Joe doesn't answer for a moment. PARRISH (cont'd) I thought we had a deal.
JOE	m	I'm sorry, Bill --
PARRISH	m	Susan is my daughter, she has a wonderful life ahead of her and you're going to deprive her of it and you're telling me you're sorry?  Well, I'm sorry, apology not accepted.
JOE	m	I love her, Bill.  She is all that I ever wanted, and I've never wanted for anything because I've never wanted anything before, if you can understand.
PARRISH	m	How perfect for you -- to take whatever you want because it pleases you.  It's not love --
JOE	m	Then what is it?
PARRISH	m	Some aimless infatuation in which, for the moment, you feel like in- dulging.  It's missing everything that matters.
JOE	m	Which is what?
PARRISH	m	Trust, responsibility, taking the weight, for your choices and feel- ings and spending the rest of your life living up to them.  And above all, not hurting the object of your love.
JOE	m	So that's what love is?
PARRISH	m	Multiply it by infinity and take it to the death of forever and you will still have barely a glimpse of what I am talking about.
JOE	m	Those were my words, Bill.
PARRISH	m	Well, they're mine now. Joe is silent for a moment, cogitating.
JOE	m	Susan wants to come.  She says she's in love with me.
PARRISH	m	With you?!  Who is 'you'?  Did you tell her who you are?
JOE	m	No.
PARRISH	m	Does she know where she's going? Joe doesn't answer. PARRISH (cont'd) Susan went, in whatever way she did, for that poor sonofabitch whose body you took, and everything else since has been aftermath.  You say you love her but you don't know what love is. She 'loves' you but she doesn't know who you are.  You make a deal, you're breaking it -- the bottom line is, Joe, you're conducting a Great Romance under false pretenses.
JOE	m	I don't like what you're saying.
PARRISH	m	I don't expect you to.
JOE	m	Are you threatening me?
PARRISH	m	I certainly hope so -- I loved Susan from the moment she was born, and I love her now, and every minute in between, and what I dream of is a man who will discover her and she will discover a man who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, of this time and has the grace and compassion and fortitude to walk beside her as she makes her way through this beautiful thing called life. Parrish is beginning to reach Joe.
JOE	m	Are you telling me I can't be part of it? A pause, Parrish's posture changes.
PARRISH	m	Why did you come in here and tell me, Joe?  You are the Biggest Shot of all, you don't have to ask my permission, but that's what you're doing.  You know why?  Because you've somewhere, somehow, developed into a good guy, and you know this is all wrong... I don't know what you're going to do -- how can this be love? She doesn't know who you are.  Why don't you tell her?  Try it out on her?  See what happens.  Reveal everything there is to know about yourself and let the chips fall where they may. Joe has received what Parrish has said. PARRISH (cont'd) Okay? -- I've given it my best shot. I wish I could tell you to sleep on it but... Parrish lets his words drift into silence, he shrugs, Joe regards him.
SUSAN	f	Hello, Joe.  What'd you know? She smiles. SUSAN (cont'd) There's something so indescribably sexy about you in a crowd.  I could make love to you right here. He hesitates, reaches out to take her hand, studies it. SUSAN (cont'd) If you're going to tell my future, you're on the wrong side. A moment.
JOE	m	There is something I do want to tell you -- He stammers into silence.
SUSAN	f	But you can't. Joe is about to respond but doesn't. SUSAN (cont'd) Just then -- when you hesitated -- the way you shift from foot-to-foot, I've always found endearing but just now -- I got a chill. But he drifts again, now she takes his hand. SUSAN (cont'd) Remember that morning in the coffee shop?  You said 'What's wrong with taking care of a woman, she takes care of you --"
JOE	m	Did I say that?
SUSAN	f	And I said you'd have a hard time finding a woman like that. Joe shifts, she smiles at his embarrasement. SUSAN (cont'd) Well, you've found one, Joe.
JOE	m	The 'coffee shop' --
SUSAN	f	-- That was the place... and you were the guy. Joe seems resigned now, the air gone out of him. SUSAN (cont'd) And you said you didn't want me to be your doctor because you didn't want me to examine you --? (a moment) Well, I got to examine you after all -- Joe blinks, at a loss. SUSAN (cont'd) I could come with you --
JOE	m	I - uh --
SUSAN	f	You want me to wait for you, you'll be back -- Joe doesn't answer, Susan is suddenly anxious. SUSAN (cont'd) Why do I want this night to last forever?
JOE	m	Don't you know, that's what I want more than anything. He touches her face.
SUSAN	f	You said before you couldn't tell me who or where, only the 'when' -- Is when now? A moment.
JOE	m	May I kiss you? She waits.  He kisses her, they fall into a deep embrace.
SUSAN	f	That felt like a goodbye. Joe's silence is heavy. SUSAN (cont'd) What's going on, Joe?  I feel like we're lifting off --
JOE	m	I'm still here.
SUSAN	f	But you're not.  You're somewhere else. (a moment) You're someone else -- Joe is struggling with a response, finally, inevitably, he drifts into a long silence.  Susan is beside herself, her emotions tossed in every direction, Joe steadies her.
SUSAN	f	Tell me you love me -- tell me you love me now --
JOE	m	I love you now, I'll love you always --
SUSAN	f	Hold me -- He holds on tight to her.  They are desperately entwined until finally she releases him.
JOE	m	Susan --
SUSAN	f	-- Yes?
JOE	m	Thank you for loving me. She smiles wanly, Joe leaves her.
JOE	m	...We should think about getting started, Bill. Parrish waits. JOE (cont'd) It'll just be us. The tension in Parrish's body releases, he takes a breath.
PARRISH	m	Thank you. Joe nods an acknowledgement, but his face reflects his pain. Parrish regards him sympathetically. The silence is broken by a KNOCK on the door.  Parrish, out of politeness to Joe, does not respond.
QUINCE 	m	Bill --? After a moment.
PARRISH	m	Come in. Quince appears, flushed with excitement.
QUINCE	m	-- I got him.  The chopper's two minutes away. Parrish weighs the information for a moment.
PARRISH	m	(to Joe) How are we on time? Joe shrugs, nods gently.
JOE	m	Okay.
PARRISH	m	(to Quince) Get him in here. Quince exits, Parrish presses the button for the speaker- phone. PARRISH (cont'd) ...May? -- I know you're busy,  but I want you to put in a call to Eddie Sloane for me --
MAY 	f	At home, sir --?
PARRISH	m	No, he's at the office.
DREW	m	This is damn big of Bill, I also think it's smart.
QUINCE	m	He had no choice.  You're a formidable adversary.
DREW	m	He said that?
QUINCE	m	Well, you've got him by the short- hairs.
DREW	m	Yeah, the short, gray hairs. He flashes a pleased-as-punch greeting to some unseen acquaintance as they press on to Parrish's study.
SLOANE 	f	(speakerphone) We're all here, Bill --
PARRISH	m	I appreciate this, Eddie, members of the Board, this will just take a minute of your time.  As the custo- dians of the company, you may re- ceive information from what follows that is valuable to you -- (a moment) -- or not.  Either way, thanks.
SLOANE 	f	(speakerphone) We're all ears. Drew enters with Quince, Quince nods, excusing himself, and closes the door behind him.
DREW	m	Hi, Bill, happy birthday -- A moment. DREW (cont'd) I just wanted to say how appre- ciative I am of this - uh - grand gesture and --
PARRISH	m	Shut up and sit down. Drew takes a seat. PARRISH (cont'd) You're a worthless sack of shit, you fucked me over, played footsie with John Bontecou, sold my company out to line your own pockets.
DREW	m	I don't know where you get that idea -- the Board agreed --
PARRISH	m	The Board didn't know you're a mole who burrowed inside so you could bury us all.
DREW	m	Is this Mr. Black's fantasy?  Another one of his whoppers?  Aren't you sick of this asshole lurking around? No one knows who he is, but one thing everyone does know, he somehow got your ear and has been pouring poison into it ever since. Joe can no longer control himself.
JOE	m	You're the poison, Drew.  You've operated behind-the-scenes to suborn the trust of a man who has stamped you with his imprimatur of class and elegance and stature.  I've seen all kinds and degrees of deception in my time, but Bill Parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so Machiavellian that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.  And yet he has combatted them stoically, and selflessly, without revealing my identity.  Had he violated the vow of secrecy he took, his task would have been far easier, he could have turned defeat into victory, but he is too honorable a man to have done that.  And now I must release him from that vow.  Because of me, he has lost his work, his company, his reputation -- and now he's going to tell you who I am. Parrish is struck dumb.  He looks at Joe pleadingly, shaking his head imperceptibly, but Joe nods to him blithely -- and then commandingly.
DREW	m	(to Parrish) So tell me, tell me, I'm peeing in my pants.
JOE	m	-- And now you're going to pee some more.
PARRISH	m	Joe, don't do this --
JOE	m	It's time to put this person where he belongs.
PARRISH	m	It's not necessary, Joe.  Drew's going to step aside --
DREW	m	I'm not stepping anywhere --
JOE	m	I appreciate your gentlemanliness, Bill, but what we need to do here is drive the dagger home --
DREW	m	The dagger --?
PARRISH	m	I told you to shut up.
JOE	m	(to Drew) Prepare yourself, Drew - I am --
PARRISH	m	He is --
JOE	m	I'll take it from here -- (to Drew) I am --
PARRISH	m	-- An IRS man. Drew is stunned, Joe glances at Parrish, hesitates. PARRISH (cont'd) Yes, he is.  He's an -- IRS man. Aren't you, Joe? Joe is at a loss, Parrish's eyes are glued to his, Joe gets the hint.
JOE	m	Yes, I am. (to Drew) IRS man. Drew's head swivels from Joe to Parrish and back again.
PARRISH	m	The Treasury Department asked my cooperation in his undercover investigation of John Bontecou. They were convinced that Bontecou, on past deals, had structured his mergers and acquisitions in sus- picious and complicated ways so as to evade paying the taxes he is liable for.  The IRS wanted to go after him, and this deal offered them the opportunity. (a moment) I agreed to cooperate.
JOE	m	(to Parrish) And we're very grateful.
PARRISH	m	Moreover, Agent Joe Black here -- of course that's not his real name -- smelled out your involvement, Drew.  He developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.  Unfortunately, that's known as a conflict of interest --
JOE	m	Undisclosed conflict of interest --
PARRISH	m	An offense --
JOE	m	An indictable offense. Silence.
DREW	m	I think I'd like to talk to my lawyer --
PARRISH	m	No lawyers, Drew.  We're going to offer you a deal. Drew is all attention. PARRISH (cont'd) Confess to the Board every details of your participation and then submit your resignation.
DREW	m	And what do I get?
PARRISH	m	You get not to go to jail.
DREW	m	You're talking through your hat. You're offering a deal because you've got no proof.
PARRISH	m	Proof?  We've got plenty of proof.
JOE	m	(to Drew) And he's talking through his lips. Joe steps forward. JOE (cont'd) Make no mistake, Drew, if you choose to test my resolve in this matter, you'll be looking at an outcome that will have a finality that is beyond your comprehension, and you'll not be counting the days or the months or the years, but millenniums in the house with no doors. Drew slumps.
DREW	m	All right, you win.  As soon as I get back to the city, I'll meet with the Board. Sloane's voice erupts over the SPEAKERPHONE.
SLOANE 	f	You're meeting with the Board right now, Drew.  Resignation accepted. Moreover, I propose a motion to re- confirm William Parrish as Chairman of the Board of Parrish Communica- tions as well as a rejection of the merger with Bontecou International. How say you, Board? A chorus of thunderous "Yes"es resounds through the
PARRISH	m	Well, thank you, that's great, but it's more than I bargained for.  I just wanted to set the record straight.
SLOANE 	f	But we want you back, Bill.  Mean- while, enjoy your party, celebrate, we'll attend to the nasty details. And Mr. Black, may we say thank you.
JOE	m	My pleasure.  This is an IRS Agent's dream.  I'll be promoted to Chief of Section off of this. Parrish clicks the speakerphone off.  Drew is staring at Joe, shaking his head.
DREW	m	Who would've ever believed it?  You, an IRS Agent -- Silence.  Joe shrugs, smiles.
JOE	m	'Death and Taxes'. The door flies open, an anxious Allison appears.
ALLISON	f	Daddy!  We've been looking all over for you - this is your party - what are you doing in here?  Never mind. You're on.  Let's go. She pulls him out of his chair, hustles him out of the room, Joe right behind them.
PARRISH	m	(to the guests) I thought I was going to sneak away tonight... YELLS of "No!"  "Never!" PARRISH (cont'd) ...What a glorious night, every face I see is a memory.  It may not be a perfectly perfect memory -- sometimes we had our ups and downs -- but we're all together, and you're mine for a night. (a moment) -- And I'm going to break precedent, and tell you my one-candle wish -- that you would have a life as lucky as mine, where you can wake up one morning and say "I don't want anything more." (another moment) Sixty-five years - don't they go by in a blink? Parrish hesitates, waves and steps away, APPLAUSE that grows into CHEERS, the music resumes, another dance tune.  Quince grabs him, pumps his hand and claps him on the back.  Now Parrish spots Allison, he wraps her in a tight embrace, they hold each other close for a moment, but then are separated by a surge of guests.  Parrish sees Susan, she smiles but there is a tinge of sadness about her.  He heads towards her, they are somehow situated as if they were alone in this crowd.
SUSAN	f	What a night.
PARRISH	m	I'm having a helluva time. A moment.
SUSAN	f	You were right about Joe, he is going somewhere --
PARRISH	m	(gently) I'm sorry. Susan is examining Parrish very closely.
SUSAN	f	Are you relieved?
PARRISH	m	Yes, but -- Parrish hesitates.
SUSAN	f	But what?
PARRISH	m	I want you to know how much I love you.  That you've given a meaning to my life that I had no right to expect, and that no one can ever take from me.
SUSAN	f	Daddy --
PARRISH	m	No -- I love you so much and I want you to promise me something.  I don't want you to ever worry about me.  If anything should happen, I'm going to be fine and everything's going to be all right. (a moment) -- And I have no regrets. Susan is in pain now, she can't summon an answer. PARRISH (cont'd) And I want you to feel that way, too.
SUSAN	f	I love you, Daddy --
PARRISH	m	That's why it's okay. They drift into silence. PARRISH (cont'd) No regrets? After a moment.
SUSAN	f	'No regrets'. A long silence, Susan smiles.
PARRISH	m	It's a good feeling, isn't it? Silence again.
SUSAN	f	Everybody's saying goodbye... They regard each other, a long pause, they have reached an understanding.
PARRISH	m	I'm still here. (a moment) Would you like to dance with me, Susan?
SUSAN	f	Oh, yes -- He starts to lead her to the floor, immediately stops.
PARRISH	m	If you don't mind dancing with an old fogey like me.
SUSAN	f	Oh, Dad, you're not old.  You'll never be old. He takes her in his arms and they dance away.
WAITER	m	Can I get you anything, sir? Joe regards the Waiter for a moment.
JOE	m	Do you have any peanut butter? The Waiter hesitates.
WAITER	m	I don't think so, sir.
JOE	m	Thank you, anyway. The Waiter moves off.  Joe's attention returns to Parrish and Susan, the dance number ends, a BOOM.
PARRISH	m	What was that?
SUSAN	f	The fireworks are about to start. Parrish looks up, sees Joe up on the terrace, waiting. SUSAN (cont'd) (to Parrish) Shall we?
PARRISH	m	You go ahead, honey, I'm going to catch my breath. Suddenly he hugs her, holds her very close.  She looks at him, he smiles, nods, but doesn't release her until she smiles back.  Now she heads out with the crowd for the fireworks.  When Parrish senses she is on her way, he turns and heads up towards Joe. Joe rises to meet Parrish as he approaches.
JOE	m	Happy Birthday, Bill.
PARRISH	m	Thank you. They watch the guests gathering to view the fireworks. Joe's gaze lingers. PARRISH (cont'd) Did you say goodbye?
JOE	m	Not exactly.
PARRISH	m	I guess you have your reasons.
JOE	m	Yes. Silence.
PARRISH	m	Now that we have a moment, would you mind if I expressed my gratitude for what you did for Susan? Joe waits. PARRISH (cont'd) I never heard her speak of any man as she spoke of you -- It was always what I wanted for her -- but what happens to her now?
JOE	m	I wouldn't worry about it, Bill. These things have a way of working out. Joe regards Parrish, waits until he has a sense that Parrish has accepted what Joe has said, then Joe continues: JOE (cont'd) And would you mind if I expressed my gratitude...? Parrish waits. JOE (cont'd) For you.  For the time you've given me.  For the person you are. A moment.
PARRISH	m	Don't blow smoke up my ass, you'll ruin my autopsy. Joe barely manages a smile, now looks back longingly at the crowd below, searching. PARRISH (cont'd) It's hard to let go, isn't it?
JOE	m	Yes.
PARRISH	m	That's life.  What can I tell you? A silence, an understanding there is another more to say. Joe looks inquiringly at Parrish as if to say "Shall we?", Parrish nods and Joe turns with him.  They set off now away from the party, up a meadow that leads to a hill overlooking the river.
PARRISH	m	I'm getting a little dizzy, I can feel my heart pumping -- But Parrish doesn't wait for a response, just continues on up the meadow, towards the rise of the hill, Joe in step with him. PARRISH (cont'd) Should I be afraid? Joe stops, Parrish stops with him.
JOE	m	Not a man like you. Parrish smiles faintly, takes a deep breath, he strides out again, Joe right with him.  In tandem they continue on and disappear over the crest of the hill.  A barrage of fireworks lights up the sky.
SUSAN	f	Joe...? He smiles quizzically, hasn't quite heard her, stands right in front of her, loose, smiling, disoriented and yet so appealing.  They are riveted on each other, uneasy and yet close. SUSAN (cont'd) You're here... He is trying to get his bearings.
JOE	m	-- You bet. Something about him makes Susan slightly tentative.
SUSAN	f	Where did you go? Joe shrugs, scratches his head endearingly, uncertain of time and place.
JOE	m	I don't know -- y'know, I don't know -- it's all blurred up and hazy.  And would y'know what I mean if I said I don't think it's worth figuring out? Some realization is dawning on Susan, it renders her lightheaded. JOE (cont'd) ...But now I'm back. Susan regards Joe intently, searching his face for an answer.
SUSAN	f	(gently) That's it?
JOE	m	Well, I don't know what else to say. It's a helluva party --
SUSAN	f	You think so?
JOE	m	Yeah...and you're the prettier thing here. Susan blinks, a long silence, she touches the sleeve of his jacket, now her hand traces the outline of his face, she regards him intently and the dilemma she has been struggling with the last moments fades away. Susan slowly realizes this is the Young Man. She is shaken, a sudden intake of breath.
YOUNG MAN	m	Hey, you all right? His hand politely touches her elbow, courteously lending her support.
SUSAN	f	The coffee shop -- The Young Man nods, pleased with her recognition.
YOUNG MAN	m	I asked you if I said something wrong and you said it was so right it scared you. Susan holds herself very still. YOUNG MAN (cont'd) And forgive me for saying this -- but then you said -- and it's been with me ever since --
SUSAN	f	What has --? He hesitates.
YOUNG MAN	m	You said you liked me.
SUSAN	f	No --
YOUNG MAN	m	Y'didn't? A moment.
SUSAN	f	I said I liked you so much. She falls silent now, overcome by the last moments' revelations.  The Young Man senses her discomfort which is on the edge of pain.
YOUNG MAN	m	Hey, everything's going great -- don't y'think? She doesn't answer for a moment. YOUNG MAN (cont'd) Don't you feel that way?
SUSAN	f	...We know so little about each other.
YOUNG MAN	m	But we've got time. She searches the Young Man's eyes, his face is open, completely vulnerable, waiting for her response.  A long silence, the words come out haltingly:
SUSAN	f	I wish you could've known my father... Another moment.
YOUNG MAN	m	Me, too. Susan signs, the Young Man smiles gently, they are completely intent on each other.
SUSAN	f	...What do we do now? A long silence.
YOUNG MAN	m	It will come to us. Susan smiles, the fireworks finale goes off, the MUSIC comes up from below, the night fills with light.  The Young Man searches Susan's face, now takes her hand -- and together they start back towards the party.

