MORRISON'S VOICE	m	The movie will begin in five moments  The mindless voice announced  All those unseated will await the  next show  We filed slowly, languidly into the  hall  The auditorium was fast and silent  As we seated and were darkened  The voice continued  "The program for this evening is not  new  You've seen this entertainment  Through and through  You've seen your birth, your life  and death  You might recall all the rest  Did you have a good world when you  died?  Enough to base a movie on?"
ENGINEER	m	Hey Jim, It's your birthday man,  whaddaya say we try this another  night...
VOICE	m	Kill the lights a little more, will  ya John?
ENGINEER	m	Hey man, how come the Doors aren't  in on this?
JIM	m	No music, No Doors. Let's roll... Is  everybody in?... Is Everybody in?...  Is everybody in? The ceremony is  about to begin...
JIM	m	WAKE UP!!!! HAS THIS DREAM STOPPED!!!!
JIM VOICE	m	Let me tell you about the heartache  and the loss of God Wandering  wandering in hopeless night Indian's  scattered on dawn's highway bleeding  ghosts crowd the young childs fragile  eggshell mind...
JIM VOICE	m	...me and my mother and father and  grandmother and grandfather were  driving through the desert at dawn  and a truckload of Indian workers  had either hit another car or just --  I don't know what happened... Indians  were scattered all over the highway  bleeding to death.
JIM VOICE	m	...but it was the first time I tasted  fear. I musta been about four, like  a child is just like a flower, his  head is floating in the breeze.
MOM	f	It's just a dream, Jimmy, just a  dream
MOM	f	It's just a dream Jimmy, just a dream
JIM VOICE	m	...The reaction I get now looking  back is the soul of the ghosts of  those dead Indians -- maybe one or  two of them were just running around  freaking out and just leaped into my  soul -- and they're still there.
RADIO	m	...from the Texas School Book  Depository. We repeat. President  John F. Kennedy was shot a few minutes  ago in Dallas!
RADIO	m	...taken to Parkland Memorial  Hospital. There's no word on the  President's condition. Mrs. Kennedy  is...
WIFE & HUSBAND	f	Oh God, Oh God. Not the President  for Christ's sake. Oh God -- WHO'S
JIM	m	Hi...
GIRL	f	Wow! Hi... You have a problem with doors?
JIM	m	Waste of time...
JIM	m	I followed you... from the beach...
GIRL	f	Wow! You followed me? Why?
JIM	m	...cause... you're the one...
GIRL	f	Wow... neat... ...maybe you should meet my old man?
JIM	m	Later. You got a name?
JIM	m	Mine's Jim.
GIRL	f	Pam...
JIM	m	Jim and Pam, Pam and Jim...
YOUNG MAN	m	Who the hell was that?
PAMELA	f	That's Jim. My new friend.
JIM'S VOICE	m	Nietzche said "all great things must  first wear monstrous and terrifying  masks in order to inscribe themselves  on the hearts of humanity". Listen  children -- to the sound of the  Nuremberg night.
JIM VOICE	m	Have you ever seen God? -- a mandala.  A symmetrical angel. Felt? Yes.  Fucking the Sun. Heard? The music.  Voices. Touched? An animal. Your  hand Tasted? Rare meat, corn, water  and wine
STUDENTS	m	SSSSssss... ego trip man, c'mon!
RAY	m	Hey man it's great, don't listen to  em, it's non-linear man, it's poetry  man, everything Godard stands for.
INSTRUCTOR	m	This is pretty shocking stuff Mr.  Morrison. And I might say indulgent.  Naziism and masturbation, when used  for shock value, are not art. But to  be constructive, let's start with  your intention. What was it?
STUDENT 1	m	It was a bore!! That's what!
TRICK	m	Hey it was better'n a Warhol picture.
GIRL 1	f	No it wasn't. It was worse!
TRICK	m	A guy sleeping for seven hours...
STUDENT 2	m	...is less pretentious! There was no  political consciousness. Naziism  is...
JACK	m	Hey hold on man! You guys are the  facists!
BONES	m	It takes genitalism to absurdity  man, just cause the squares here  can't dig it cause the film school's  still so square...
VOICES	m	Oh c'mon man, give it a break. Boo!  Beatniks go home! Take another  mushroom...
INSTRUCTOR	m	HOLD IT DOWN!!... Mr. Morrison --  what are your feelings?
JIM	m	I quit.
TRICK	m	Hey man whatdya expect, an Oscar?
BONES	m	You can't quit, you gotta voice.  People can't dig cause they don't  understand yet.
JACK	m	If you're an individual, if you're  too good, they wanna cut your dick  off. Look what happened to Orson  Wells.
TRICK	m	You quit now, they'll yank your  deferment in no time and they'll get  you for Vietnam man. Three more months  you graduate.
BONES	m	Be cool, you never learned fuckin  patience Morrison, you want everything  at once.
NICK	m	They didn't get it. So make your  films and fuck what they think.
JIM	m	You know what I think?
BONES	m	Yeah whadday you think?
JIM	m	You really want to know what I think?
BONES	m	Yeah yeah, whatddaya think?
JIM	m	I think we gotta get really ripped!
RAY	m	I tell you bout my baby 'bout five  foot four from head to toe She came  to my room Just 'bout midnight She  makes me feel so good She makes me  feel alright
JIM	m	You know what I'd like to do to you?
GIRL	f	No what?
JIM	m	You really want to know what I'd  like to do to you?
GIRL	f	What!
JIM	m	Wanna hear the scream of the  butterfly...
FOOTBALL PLAYER	m	Hey Morrison!
JIM	m	Can we have a couple of beers. You're  not even an asshole man -- you're a  semihole.
JIM	m	She came to my room  She came on my floor  She came on my bed  She came on my face  Ooooooh I want to wrap your legs  around my head baby baby and her  name was Gloria
RAY & ALL	m	COOL IT JIM, COME ON COOL IT.
JIM	m	FREEDOM!!! DON'T YOU KNOW YOU'RE ALL
JOHN	m	HE'S GOING OUT! HE'S GOING OUT!
TRICK	m	HE'S GONNA JUMP!
RAY	m	GET HIM BACK IN!
JIM	m	DEATH OLD FRIEND!!
JIM	m	Come on, come out for a walk, it's a  pretty night.
PAM	f	You're crazy!
JIM	m	Can I stay with you tonight? We could  talk 'till dawn. I just don't want  to be alone.
PAM	f	Okay... just talk though. No funny  stuff.
JIM	m	Okay. I promise.
PAM	f	I've been real upset. I lost my car  on the freeway yesterday. I left it  somewhere and I can't remember where  and when I went back it was gone. My  sister...
JIM	m	I bet you never expected life could  be this hard. And you're still so young.
JIM	m	I wonder where we'll be ten years  from now?
PAM	f	I really don't want to know
JIM	m	Come on.
PAM	f	These are like beautiful! I never  read much poetry in school. I hated  it. What's a "shaman"?
JIM	m	He's the medicine man who starts in  a peyote trance. And he gets everyone  in the tribe going and they share in  his vision and it heals them. It's  the same in all cultures -- Greeks,  Jesus. Some Indians say the first  shaman invented sex. He's the one  who makes you crazy.
PAM	f	Are you a "shaman"?
JIM	m	Uh no. I just write about it. What turns  you on?
PAM	f	I don't know. Experience. Freedom.  Love... Now. Peyote's like love.  When it's given it's blessed. When  it's sold it's damned. I like peyote.  I like acid, it's easier to get. I  like the spiritual voyage. The first  time I did acid I saw God. I did. I  had a friend who was Christ. And he  was Judas too. I suddenly knew the  secret of everything -- that we're  all one, the universe is one. And  that everything is beautiful.
JIM	m	Is it? I don't know. I think you're  alive by confronting death -- by  experiencing pain.
PAM	f	I think you're alive by recognizing  beauty -- seeing truth because when  you discover truth you discover what  love is... we're all saying the same  thing. It's "love me and I'll love  you."
JIM	m	It's only thru death that you know  life. Jesus, medicine men heal people  by sacrificing their own life.
PAM	f	Do you love Death?
JIM	m	I think life hurts a lot more than  death. When you die the pain is over.
PAM	f	Why do I look at you... and see my  death? No, that's ridiculous.
JIM	m	I bet your dad's a school teacher.
PAM	f	How did you know!
JIM	m	I don't know.
PAM	f	What was your father?
JIM	m	Military
PAM	f	I bet you moved around a lot.
JIM	m	Yeah, about 8 times.
PAM	f	How many sisters and brothers?
JIM	m	Two.
PAM	f	One... she's the pretty one... I  love your neck.
JIM	m	"...but one, the most beautiful one  of all dances in a ring of fire and  throws off the challenge with a shrug"
PAM	f	That's beautiful. Who did you write  it for?
JIM	m	I wrote it for you.
PAM	f	...take your time, Jim... there's no  hurry, I'm all you have to do  tonight...
RAY	m	Om om... No bliss! No bliss!
JIM	m	Hey Ray, try acid man, it's  guaranteed.
RAY	m	Morrison... Aw shit. Last trip I  thought I was going through hell's  digestive system. Something painted  by Hieronymus Bosch.
JIM	m	I never had a bummer on acid.
RAY	m	I like naturally high man.
JIM	m	Whatever works. Making movies at MGM  yet?
RAY	m	Well I saw the head of production  and I said Godard doesn't use scripts,  he improvises with his camera and he  said, "great who's Godard?"
JIM	m	We gotta take the planet back,  reinvent the Gods, make new myths.
RAY	m	Right on. I thought you went to New  York?
JIM	m	Never got there. Went out to the  desert and uh... got lost y'know.  Days. I been living on Trick's  rooftop. Got stuck on this chick...
RAY	m	Whatcha been doing?
JIM	m	Writing. Poems. Songs.
RAY	m	Songs? Lemme hear one.
JIM	m	I can't sing.
RAY	m	So neither can Dylan. "Johnny's in  the basement mixing up the medicine,  I'm on the pavement thinking about  the government". But he's got the  words man. That's what they want.
JIM	m	Let's swim to the moon un hunh  Let's climb thru the tide  Penetrate the evening  That the city sleeps to hide
JIM	m	Let's swim out tonight love  It's our turn to try  Parked beside the ocean  On our moonlight drive
RAY	m	Wow!... Y'know man those are hot  lyrics -- really hot!
JIM	m	...could you write the music for  that down, if we went over to your  place, could you write that on your  organ?
RAY	m	Are you kidding! I could fly. You  wrote that? You got others?
JIM	m	A bunch. It's like I'm taking notes  at a rock concert going on inside my  head. I actually hear the music --  the spirit of the wine y'know,  intoxication.
RAY	m	Man. You got a voice like Chet Baker --  haunted! What the hell happened to  you in the desert? Let's get a rock  and roll band together man and make  a million bucks.
JIM	m	...be great wouldn't it?
RAY	m	It's the perfect time man! Two of  the guys outta my band are really  into this. I meditate with them. You  know them... Robbie and John. We  could have it in the can in three  weeks.
JIM	m	Hey why not, I could write the songs  with you guys.
RAY	m	The Stones did it outta the London  School of Economics for Chrissake.  Things are about to explode man. You  can feel it in the air. Vietnam's right out there. Sides are  being chosen. People wanna fight or  fuck, love or kill, everything's  gonna flame. The planet's screaming  for change, Morrison. Make the myths  man!!
JIM	m	There oughta be great orgies man.  Like when Dionysus arrived in Greece,  he made all the women mad, leaving  their homes and dancing off in the  mountains. Great golden copulations  in the streets of LA. Hey, do you know her?
RAY	m	What do we call ourselves. "Dionysus"?
JIM	m	I got a name.
RAY	m	What?
JIM	m	The Doors.
RAY	m	The Doors? That's the most ridiculous... ...you mean the doors in your mind?  Like the Huxley book.
JIM	m	"The Doors of Perception"? Acid...
RAY	m	Yeah sure mescaline experiments --  reducing the sugar flow to the brain.  Great book.
JIM	m	It's from William Blake actually,  the line -- "when the doors of  perception are cleansed -- things  will appear as they truly are..."
RAY	m	-- infinite". It's great, Jim.
JIM	m	So where do we start? How do we start?  Where are the girls?
RAY	m	Rehearsing. You're moving off the  rooftop and in with me and Dorothy.
JIM & DOORS	m	The day destroys the night  Night divides the day  Tried to run  Tried to hide  Break on thru to the other side
JOHN	m	That's really square. Let's hip it  up. Jump on your cues.
RAY	m	Tighten it up. Stay with the beat  Jim. You're dragging.
JIM	m	Let's try it again, come on. I'm  just getting into it.
PAM	f	I think it's hot!!
ROBBIE	m	I still think the lyrics are weird  man.
JOHN	m	I still think it sounds like the  bottom of a fishbowl man.
JIM	m	Then you write one man! We need more  songs anyway. We all gotta go back  and write.
ROBBIE	m	I been working on something goes  like this... A minor. "You know that it would be untrue  You know that I would be a liar  If I was to say to you  Girl, we couldn't get much higher"  F sharp... chorus  "Come on baby, light my fire  Try to set the night on fire..."
RAY	m	Okay man there's some good changes  in there.
JIM	m	Got any more lyrics?
ROBBIE	m	Some. I call it "Light My Fire". I  figger if I'm gonna compete with  your stuff it's gotta be about earth,  fire or snakes.
JIM	m	Don't underestimate Death.
JOHN	m	Yeah but it sounds like the Byrds  man, we're not folk rock man. How  'bout trying it with a Latin beat.
ROBBIE	m	I thought we could do the usual verse  chorus verse chorus and
JOHN	m	We don't need a bridge.
ROBBIE	m	Yeah, we could maybe improvise a  couple piano and guitar solos over  it "The time to hesitate is through" Du du duh dud dada . . .
JIM	m	"No time to wallow in the mire  Try now we can only lose  And our love become a funeral pyre  Come on baby light my fire"
JIM	m	Pretty good! Pretty neat!!
RAY	m	Nice groove, John. Chaka chaka chaka,  then bula burump bula ...you're right, it could take a  coupla long solos, that's wild man,  like Butterfield did on "East-West" --  really hip.
ROBBIE	m	Y'ever heard Coltrane's "Favorite  Things"?
JOHN	m	Yeah -- maybe stretch it out and put  it in 4/4 on bass, 3/4 on guitar and  snare.
RAY	m	Why not! A minor to B minor. Jazz!  That then is jazz! But it needs a  hook. Something. Give me some space.  I need some space. Leave the room  guys. Come on! Go!
JOHN	m	Guy's obnoxious, man always bossin'  people around! I thought we were  equals!
JIM	m	Aren't we? That was great Robbie. Whaddaya  thinking about when you play?
ROBBIE	m	Don't know. Mostly the fish in my  fish tank.
JIM	m	Hey whadya say we take some of that  Tijuana acid and see what kinda  trouble we can get into tonight?
ROBBIE	m	The chicks always go for you man. I  get the dogs.
JIM	m	Then we'll start a religion or plan  a murder or go to Tijuana.
JOHN	m	Whatsamatter with you man, what about  Pam, you got the morals of a coyote.
JIM	m	Why you wanna sleep with her John,  just to bug me?
JOHN	m	Hell NO!
JIM	m	...means "hell yes". She likes you  man, she really does and y'all should.  What's a rock and roll band for man,  if you can't party all night and do  bad things?
JOHN	m	Sieg Heil!
RAY	m	Okay here it is. Bach and Rock. Count  it off John
JIM VOICE	m	The music was new black polished  chrome and came over the summer like  liquid night.
GIRL GROUPIE	f	Is that horny motherfucker in the  black pants here tonight?
BOUNCER	m	IDs! IDs! Can't get in without an
GIRL 2	f	Oh please. I forgot my I.D.. I'm on  the list.
BOUNCER	m	I forgot my list.
JIM & DOORS	m	We chased our pleasures here  Dug our treasures there  Can you still recall the time we  cried  BREAK on through to the other side
RAY	m	Turn around Jim! Come on let 'em in.
JIM	m	I found an island in your arms  A country in your eyes  Arms that chained us, eyes that lied
PAM	f	So Jerry... do we get paid for this?
JERRY	m	What shit, "day destroys the night",  "crawl back in your brain", "go  insane". What do people wanna pay  money to hear that shit.
JIM	m	The greater the suffering, the more  terrible the events, the greater the  pleasure Jerry. They want it, it's  catharsis. Like the ancient Greeks.
JERRY	m	We're in Los Angeles punk, how would  you know, they like your pants,  they're not listenin' to you, what  the hell they see in you I...
JIM	m	But they understand Jerry. All our  real desires are unconscious and  unseen. . .
JERRY	m	...you're the weirdest fuckin' guy I  ever...
JIM	m	You love us?
JERRY	m	I love ya. You got two more shows to  do.
MANAGER	m	...I got some real tight record  company connections, just leave it  to me man, I'll take you guys all  the fuckin' way, you blew my mind  out there.
RAY	m	Yeah right, but what about the music?
MANAGER	m	Hey the music? I love it man, that's  why we're talking right? Some of  it's a little on the dark side though.  Ya know ya oughta get some tunes  like Herman's Hermits stuff -- "Mrs.  Brown you got a lovely daughter".  That shit goes right to the radio  man.
RAY	m	Uh huh. Well, how 'bout gettin' us  some real equipment?
MANAGER	m	Listen, I sign you guys to a five  year management contract and you got  it all. Equipment. Demo. A truck  WITH roadies. Three, maybe four  percent record deal. Wherever ya  want to go babe, trust me, I'll get  you there. Whatd'ya say?
RAY	m	We'll have a band meeting. The four  of us do everything unanimously or  we don't do it.
MANAGER	m	The musketeers. I'm touched. But  lemme tell you something -- loyalty  don't pay the bills. Think about it.  Call me tomorrow.
JOHN	m	What a sleaze! Man, Jim's gotta start  facing the crowd if he's gonna be  the front man.
RAY	m	He's just getting his confidence.
JOHN	m	He never does what we rehearsed.  What's the point of...
RAY	m	How does it feel?
JOHN	m	Great, but...
PAM	f	...make sure you get Barb and Sue  Anne to come. And tell them to ask  for Jim!
MANAGER	m	Jim, how old are you?
JIM	m	Ah, twenty one...
MANAGER	m	Jesus, you're a gold mine, I'll make  it quick and to the point and if you  repeat it I'll deny it -- drop these  guys, I'll put you with some real  musicians, your voice, your looks,  that's what'll sell records, we'll  make a million bucks. A year. Goodbye.  Call me. I'm right. He gives Jim a  card and goes. Pam disgusted with  the type, Jim laughs, likes the guy.
JIM	m	I like a man wears his soul on his  face.
RAY	m	"Whiskey's" next, I can feel it in  my bones.
ROBBIE	m	I still think the lyrics are weird.
JIM	m	Jesus Ray, every girl out there wanted  to fuck me, I could feel it for the  first time!
RAY	m	Right on stud. But you better watch  out for the guys.
JIM	m	Guys, I'm serious about the desert,  we still gotta deepen man, we gotta  take some peyote -- all of us  together, we got one more stage to  go...
ROBBIE	m	I don't know man, fucks up my playing.  I been playing music for 10 years  man and this is the first time in my  whole damned life I ever played it.
JIM	m	Are you satisfied?
JOHN	m	Will you get off my case! I'm never  doing acid again. Too many bad trips  man.
JIM	m	It's not acid John, it's peyote.  It's a bonding ceremony. It's got to  be more... more... more...
JOHN	m	I'm into TM man. I promised my guru...
PAM	f	I want to! I want to! I'm ready.  Let's go to the desert... do the  peyote, the good peyote.
JIM	m	Who's on now?
GIRL 1	f	"Love".
JIM	m	Yeah, Arthur Lee's cool.
GIRL 1	f	They're the best... better'n the  Beatles.
JIM	m	You mean the Marx Brothers of music,  we could blow 'em away.
GIRL 2	f	And who are you?
JIM	m	The Doors... We're up the street at  the Fog.
GIRL 1	f	The Doors. I heard of you. That's  the dumbest name. I wouldn't go to  the Fog if you paid me.
JIM	m	Oh yeah what would you do for money?
PAM	f	Let's go Jim, come on.
JOHN	m	So you don't have a phone number?  What do you mean you don't have a  phone number?
GIRL 2	f	I don't have a phone number. So give  me your number then.
JOHN	m	I don't have a phone.
GIRL 1	f	Well, would you leave my name at the  door?
JIM	m	Well I don't know. What's your name?
GIRL 1	f	Caprice.
JIM	m	Caprice? That's the dumbest name I  ever heard.
JIM	m	Hey! I am the Lizard king. I can do  Anything! Raise your hands if you  understand! Alive, any of you alive --  let's take a poll -- how many of you  know you're really alive!!
JIM	m	No one? Raise your hands c'mon man...  let's go.
JIM	m	Everybody having a good time?
JIM	m	...awright, pretty good, it gets  better.
JIM	m	WOA!! It's fast.
JIM	m	When the serpent appears, his head  is ten feet long and five feet wide.  He has one red eye and one green  eye. He's deadly and he's seven miles  long. As he moves -- on his scales  is written all the history of the  world, all people, all actions, all  of us our little pictures on the  scales, God it's big! -- and it's  eating as it moves all the time,  devouring, digesting consciousness,  power, a monster of energy!
JIM	m	We must kiss the snake on the tongue,  if it senses our fear, it will eat  us instantly. But if we kiss it  without fear, the snake will take us  through the garden and out the gate.  To our freedom -we must ride this  snake. To the end of time.
JOHN	m	I think I'm fucked up. I'm not  thinking right.
JIM	m	You're fucked up John. Go with it,  confusion is the sound of creation.
JOHN	m	You should see your eyes right now,  you're death. Look at your eyes --  you're crazy man, you look crazy.  You scare me.
JIM	m	No no no John John. God is crazy  too. God is part insane as well as  sane. Not in control all the time.  Dionysus was the God of the wine. He  made ecstasy but he also made madness.  Madness is all right. That's what  you want, isn't it, isn't it? Where's  that joint?
ROBBIE	m	I get scared thinking of all the  choices inside. I could go. I could  stay. I can live anywhere. I could  die now if I wanted. It's limitless  choice... and no one cares.
JIM	m	Die Robbie.
JOHN	m	What the fuck!
PAM	f	I don't know what I am. I'm on the  cusp of Sagittarius and Capricorn.  Sagittarius is wild and Capricorn  domestic and safe, so I don't know  which one to be.
JIM	m	I love you.
DOROTHY	f	Oh my God, the light, it's so  beautiful Ray. Can you see it...  it's all one... honey?
RAY	m	I'm in pain man. I want something  from the peyote. I feel the universe  functioning perfectly but I'm still  perfectly locked inside myself.  Instead of Oneness, I feel total  Isolation. Aloneness. Fear... Pain...  Jim, all I feel is pain.
JIM	m	Pain makes me feel more alive Ray.  Pain is meant to wake us up. People  try to hide their pain but they're  wrong.
JOHN	m	I feel Lust. I want to fuck everything  I can, and I know it will never be  enough.
JIM	m	Pam wants you. You're a good Catholic John, you  want it so you can feel guilty about  it... Fuck death away John.
ROBBIE	m	I feel Fear... so bad I just numb  out all my feelings. I'm afraid of  my father, I'm afraid of Yahweh... I  wish I could play my guitar.
JIM	m	Maybe you should kill your father  Robbie. He tried to kill you. Kill  him!
ROBBIE	m	I'm so fucking scared.
JIM	m	But you're Alive! It's beautiful!  Fear, pain, lust, we've got to know  all our feelings before we can come  out the other side free men. Don't  feel ashamed of yourselves, don't  let society destroy your reality.  Our freedom's the only thing worth  dying for, it's the only thing worth  living for!
JOHN	m	I'm not gonna make it man. I'm scared  Jim, I'm still scared. Blindness is  coming on.
JIM	m	Then use us John, use our strength,  it's us four now, a tribe of warriors,  everything we have comes from the  same source, the great Creator of  Being. Trust him, trust us. Ride the  snake. . . I promise you I will be  with you till the end of time.
JIM	m	My wild love went riding... mmmmmm.  She rode all the day. She ride to  the devil. And ask for him to pay...  shooo shoooo
JIM	m	...she went to the desert she went  to the sea Joseph we did see...
JIM	m	...I'm lying to you. I am scared.
JOHN	m	Jim, where are you going.
JIM	m	I'll be back. I gotta go alone.
PAM	f	Jim! Jim... come here, dance... don't  go away.
INDIAN GHOST VOICE	m	...you are a prince among white men,  yet you are a warrior among us. You  are ready now. Go out "walk with the  pain of the world, travel to the end  of the wind" -- and change it for  all men as you were born to do.
JIM & DOORS	m	The west is best (2)  Get here and we'll do the rest  The blue bus is calling us (2)  Driver where you taking us?
JIM	m	The killer awoke before dawn  He put his boots on  He took a face from the ancient  gallery  And he walked on down the hall
JIM	m	He went to the room where his sister  lived  And he paid a visit to his brother  And then he went on down the hall...
JIM	m	And he came to a door, And he looked  inside "Father?" "Yes, son?" "I want  to kill you".
JIM	m	Mother... I want to...
JIM	m	AAAAAAAGGGGGGGHHHHHHH
JIM	m	Come on baby take a chance with us
JERRY	m	NOBODY'S GONNA FUCK THEIR MOTHER ON
JIM	m	Kill the father, fuck the mother,  kill the father, fuck the mother --  that's what I'm into! That's what  I'm into!
JERRY	m	You -- MORRISON! You're fucking filthy  twisted perverse punk, get back to  your fucking sewer!!
JIM	m	You have the face of a pig man.
RAY	m	JERRY JERRY... He was talking about  Oedipus! GREEK TRAGEDY!! It's ART!!
JERRY	m	FUCK ART!! GET THE FUCK ART OUT!!!
JOURNALIST	m	NEVER SEEN ANYTHING LIKE THE DOORS --
JIM	m	TAKE A LONG LOOK OLD MAN. WE ARE THE
JERRY	m	FUCK YOU... YOU'RE FUCKING DEAD!
PAUL	m	Come on Jerry, cool it, cool it...  he's a kid, it's a song about dying,  changing...
JOHN	m	We'll never work again man. The Mafia  controls all these clubs.
HOLZMAN	?	Quite a night! Hi, I'm Jac Holzman.  I own Elektra Records.
RAY	m	Oh sure, hi.
HOLZMAN	?	Listen... I think if you could just  put what you did in there on record,  we could really have something...  and we could make a lot of money...
RAY	m	Yeah?
HOLZMAN	?	Yeah... and Rothchild here was born  to be your producer.
ROBBIE	m	Hey, the guy that did Butterfield!
PAUL	m	Bertold Brecht, cabaret and rock.  Give me a fucking break. You guys  are amazing! Let's go make a record.
JIM	m	Hey, is that asshole gonna pay us?
HOLZMAN	?	Why don't you go inside and ask him  Jim?
PAUL	m	Hey Bruce, you feel it?
BRUCE	m	I'm having big fun.
PAUL	m	I got goosebumps Jac. This is history  going down here. An album of killer  music in six days... six days...  unreal!
JIM	m	Come on baby, LIGHT MY FIIIRRRREEEE!!!
JIM	m	Pretty good! Pretty neat!
JIM	m	The time to hesitate is through  No time to wallow in the mire.
JIM	m	Try now we can only lose  And our love become a funeral pyre  Come on baby, light my fire  Try to set the night on
JIM	m	I don't mind dying in a plane crash,  a smile on my face.
PAMELA	f	As compared to what?
JIM	m	I just don't want to go out slow --  brain tumor, botulism. I want to  feel what it's like, cause death is  only going to happen to you once.
PAMELA	f	I don't want to die ever, what a  weird thing to say.
GIRLS	f	Oh Jimmmmm, pleeeaaase look, I looove  youuuuu, Jimmmmmm, pleeeeeaase,  Jimmmmm, here, sign miiiine... take  a picture Jim?... Jim, Jim, oh please  look at me Jim!!
PRODUCER	m	Right this way Mr. Sullivan. They're  called "the Doors". They got the  number one single in the country --  "Light Your Fire".
SULLIVAN	m	"Light Your Fire"? Is that sooo?
PRODUCER	m	They look pretty grungy but we're...
JOHN	m	You're gonna cut it!
HAIRDRESSER	?	No, I'm going to worship it. What  kind of shampoo are you using?
JOHN	m	The kind you get in hotels.
HAIRDRESSER	?	Pamper yourself sweetheart, you don't  want split ends, you're a celebrity  now. You have very serious-serious hair,  it needs to rebel. I'll give it a  tinge of something freaky.
RAY	m	I'd rather stay the same color.
HAIRDRESSER	?	Scaredy cat.
ROBBIE	m	What about me?
HAIRDRESSER	?	Honey, we don't have enough time.
TV NEWSMAN	m	...here in Detroit, 42 people dead,  more than 2000 injured... 1400  buildings burned, 5000 people have  just lost their homes as Detroit  joins more than 100 cities torn by  riots this hot summer!
JIM	m	No wonder "Light My Fire's" number  one.
HAIRDRESSER	?	What about you handsome?
JIM	m	The biggest mistakes in my life have  been haircuts.
PAM	f	Don't wash it. Don't set it. He likes  it the way it is...
HAIRDRESSER	?	All right, be mean...
PRODUCER	m	Boys -- meet Mr. Sullivan
SULLIVAN	m	Hi boys, heard your song "Light That  Fire" ...think you're great... good luck  out there.
DOORS	m	Oh thanks Mr. Sullivan.
PRODUCER	m	Well the guys at Network have told  us they have a small problem with  the lyrics "girl we couldn't get  much higher". You can't say "higher"  on network so they asked if... you  could say, "girl we can't get much  better"... can you dig that?
JIM	m	How 'bout, "girl you couldn't bite  my wire".
PRODUCER	m	I don't think Standards and Practices  would...
SULLIVAN	m	Look, you boys don't forget to smile  now. Don't be so sullen out there...
JIM	m	Uh well, we're kind of a sullen group,  Ed.
SIDDONS	?	We'll work it out Herb, promise.  Give me five.
PRODUCER	m	Groovy! Uh you boys should know Mr.  Sullivan is considering you boys for  four more shows. You dig?
JOHN	m	Well?
JIM	m	What -- are we the Beatles now John?
RAY	m	It's only a word man. The Stones  changed...
JIM	m	Hey Ray, why don't you change your  name to Sid or Irving Manzarek or  something... it's only a word y'know.
ROBBIE	m	It's my words. I don't care, let's  just jam.
SULLIVAN	m	Now here on our stage direct from  Los Angeles, California, ladies and  gentlemen, The Doors!
PRODUCER	m	What's that?... oh Jesus!... get off  it!! Where's he going?
JIM & DOORS	m	You know that it would be untrue  You know that I would be a liar  If I was to say to you  Girl, we couldn't get much higher  Come on baby light my fire
PRODUCER	m	He said it! He said it! On National  TV You can't do that! You can't do  that!!! You blew it you little shit!  You'll never play Ed Sullivan again.
JIM	m	Come on baby, light my fire  Try to set the night on FIIIIRRRRRE!
PAM	f	What can I do, what do you want me  to do?... Jim?
JIM	m	I don't know... I guess I should see  a doctor or something... maybe I  should go to someone of the straight  Jungian philosophy.
PAM	f	It happens to other guys too...
JIM	m	It's so scary up there. To be adored.  Isn't that irony? Teenage death girls  want my dick -- a mere clown -- not  my words. I'll never wake up in a  good mood again... Lament for my  cock, a tongue of knowledge deep in  the feathered night, gives life,  soar and crucify, I seek to know  you...
PAM	f	It's not so complicated Jim, it's  just sex, y'know.
JIM	m	You should marry an insurance  salesman.
PAM	f	It's the hours man, the pressure,  everything's like your last  performance, you're setting yourself  up.
JIM	m	We weren't built to last.
PAM	f	Aren't you doing this for you, because  you're a poet, not a rock star. Ed  Sullivan's not a place for you.
JIM	m	You really know what I am Pam? You  know what poetry is? Where is the  feast they promised us? Where is the  wine -- the new wine -- dying on the  vine?
PAM	f	What are you saying!
JIM	m	Y'see -- I lied to you. I really  love Fame.
PAM	f	Why are you doing this to me?
JIM	m	'Cause you're in the room.
PAM	f	And this is gonna help! It's probably  the cause. 'Least put some soul in  your success asshole!
JIM	m	Maybe you're the cause!
PAM	f	Right.
JIM	m	I mean I don't have this problem  with anybody else.
PAM	f	Give it to me!!!
JIM	m	No!!!!! Mommy!!!
PAM	f	Fuck you man I'm outta here.
JIM	m	Get mad! Yeahhh! Love my girl! Yeah,  go fuck the other guys. How many  white guys have you fucked Pam? 10,  20? Black guys what? You like Chinese  dicks? Mongolian penis? 30?
PAM	f	...how many dogs have you fucked!  You don't say No to anybody! Drugs,  dogs, uglies, you'd fuck a doorknob  with butter on it!
JIM	m	How could I do that
PAM	f	You're the first one who couldn't  make it with me anyway! You're the  only limp dick in the lot!!!
JIM	m	HA HA HA!! WILL YOU DIE FOR ME!
PAM	f	NO! WILL YOU DIE FOR ME!!
JIM	m	I'D DIE FOR ANYBODY.
PAM	f	WHAT ABOUT ME! WHAT ABOUT ME!
JIM	m	CUNT CUNT CUNT.
PAM	f	LIAR LIAR LIAR. YOU PROMISED. YOU
JIM	m	I'M SORRY I'M SORRY I'M SORRY.
VOICE	m	SHADDUP WILLYA. I'M TRYING TO
JIM	m	THEN MOVE TO MIAMI YOU SLAVE!!!
JIM	m	You were saying?
JIM	m	...will you die for me, Pam, a clown,  a despicable clown?... a mere  despicable clown?
PAM	f	Yes yes yes.
JIM	m	...I need a home. A place to hide.
PAM	f	...with me. Yes... yes...
JIM	m	...how could we make a home?... where  there's sanctuary?
PAM	f	...yes, yes, yes.
JIM	m	...we're in Africa, we're just  animals... I wanna stay inside you  all night baby... let's fuck death  away, now fuck death away...
PAM	f	...yes...
JOURNALIST 1	m	What are your songs about Mr.  Morrison?
JIM	m	Uh love death travel... revolt. We  all write the songs, we're interested  in anything about disorder, chaos,  especially activity which seems to  have no meaning... I think when you  make peace with authority, you become  authority.
JOURNALIST 1	m	Can you define that a little more?
JIM	m	Yeah you can call us erotic  politicians I guess.
JOURNALIST 2	m	Do you really consider yourself a  shaman Mr. Morrison?
JIM	m	...a scapegoat maybe -- I take on  the audiences' fantasies, obeying  their impulses. When the impulses  are destructive, I'm destructive.  It's kinda like sucking the puss out  of a rattlesnake, something like  that.
JOURNALIST 1	m	...like a medicine man or witch  doctor?
RAY	m	Jim said to me once, the history of  rock and roll's like Greek drama or  caveman stories. The audience comes  to see ancient rituals in ancient  caves. Their souls in jeopardy.  They're not watching any longer,  they're participating -- and  everything's in play, your life,  your death...
JOURNALIST 1	m	Is that why they scream so much?
JOURNALIST 3	m	Mr. Morrison, how do you feel about  being called the "ultimate barbie  doll".
JIM	m	I guess when you say something like  that, it's a shortcut to thinking.
JOURNALIST 3	m	Then do you "think" about the dreadful  reviews your new poetry book has  gotten?
JIM	m	I guess they didn't understand.
JOURNALIST 3	m	And it's true you financed it's  publication?
RAY	m	Have you bothered to read the poetry  ma'm? You keep denying that anything  good can come from L.A., I mean isn't  that kind of a provincial attitude?  That Bob Dylan's the only poet cause  he's from the East Coast, but you  won't even look past Jim's goddamn  looks at the words man!
JIM	m	Hey c'mon Ray, hate should be allowed.
JOURNALIST 1	m	...but what really are your songs  about Mr. Morrison? You preach,  "saving the planet", "making a new  age" but how does drinking, taking  drugs, this boozy sort of apocalyptic  stance at the world influence young  people in a positive way?
JIM	m	I like that -- "boozy apocalyptic" --  you're a word man, but how does your  newspaper influence young people to  think about Vietnam? Who's sending  the soldiers over there to die? The  establishment -- right? Your newspaper --  right? That seems to me a lot more  dangerous than the stuff we do.
JOURNALIST 3	m	Do you believe in drugs Mr. Morrison?
JIM	m	Did you know Nietzsche said, "all  good consciousness, all evidence of  truth comes only from the senses"?  Hey you wanna arm wrestle? Come on,  you look pretty tough today. C'mon,  I'll take you all on.
JOURNALIST 3	m	And alcohol? Is that considered part  of the shaman's wisdom?
JIM	m	Part of the clown's wisdom -- it's  kinda the American way. You know we  spend more on alcohol and tobacco  than on education.
JOURNALIST 3	m	Are you by any chance in a trance  now Mr. Morrison?
JIM	m	Do you hurt?
JOURNALIST 3	m	What?
JIM	m	What hurts you the most?
JOURNALIST 3	m	What are you doing?
JIM	m	Uh... got tired of the barbie doll  look. It hurt.
JOURNALIST 3	m	Are you serious?
JIM	m	About? Y'know when people are joking,  I find they are dead serious and  when they're dead serious, I find  them funny.
JOURNALIST 4	m	What do your parents think about  what you are doing?
JIM	m	Actually, I don't really remember  being born. It musta happened during  one of my blackouts.
JOURNALIST 4	m	But they must've expressed some  feeling?
JIM	m	Well, to be honest they're not living  anymore so I don't like to talk about  that.
JOURNALIST 4	m	Could you at least tell us how they  died?
JIM	m	Oh, it was a... horrible car crash...  in the desert in the fifties,  Arizona... ran right into a truckload  of Indians... Navajos, they were  lying out on the road, all bleeding,  and I was with my Grandma and Grandad,  we were banged up and all... and I  was looking at my Dad and he was  lying there... but his throat was  severed and there was air coming  out.
JOURNALIST 4	m	I'm sorry.
JOURNALIST 2	m	I have the feeling I'm being put on.
JIM	m	Y'all believe what you want to  believe, you will anyway... but it  does kinda show you what excites  people? Fear, pity, horror -- all those good  things that count. It's sorta I guess  like being on the edge of an orgasm,  y'know... that mystery just before  you come. When? If? Should I? Will  you die for me, eat me, this way,  the end...
PATRICIA	f	You want to do some more cocaine?  It'll loosen you up.
JIM	m	Great! A new thing.
JIM	m	Wow how old is this?
PATRICIA	f	14th Century. I practice the Craft.
JIM	m	The Craft?
PATRICIA	f	I'm a witch A white one.
JIM	m	Wow! You Patricia? Who would've  guessed?
PATRICIA	f	The Kennealy's were Celtic cheiftains  and pre-Christian shamans when your  Druid ancestors the Morrisons were a  minor Scottish clan founded by a  bastard son of the king of Norway.
PATRICIA	f	It's a religion, witchcraft. Witches  are the protectors of the seasons,  the harvests, goddesses of the grain.  And when crossed, destroyers.
PATRICIA	f	You ever try drinking blood?
JIM	m	What?
PATRICIA	f	It works you know. You drink blood  the right time of the moon... they  used to dance in the forests naked.  I think that's what offended the  Puritans and led to the Burnings.  They were a sexual threat to their  male order like the Bacchae -- five  days a year for Dionysus, they used  to wander the hills in ancient Greece,  the first witches, clans of wild  women fucking, looting, eating animals  raw, the wine in their blood running  hot -- looking for Dionysus... to  tear him to pieces -- isn't that  wild?
JIM	m	Where do you get the blood?
PATRICIA	f	Blood is the rose of mysterious union,  symbol of potency... now you.
JIM	m	No... I don't like... cutting myself.
PATRICIA	f	Don't be such a child! If I do it,  you have to do it.
PATRICIA	f	Come on rock god, fuck me, fuck me  good.
JIM	m	I'm gonna burn you down.
PATRICIA	f	Come on...
PATRICIA	f	Cut me! Cut me go on!
JIM	m	Nobody'd ever look at you again --  'cept me. I'd scar you forever.
PATRICIA	f	Yeah YEAH!
JIM	m	AWRIGHT! AWRIGHT!
PATRICIA	f	FUCK ME! FUCK ME!! GO ON FUCK ME!!!
GLORIA	f	Take off your shirt.
JIM	m	Mooooooo!!!
GLORIA	f	You remind me of a Russian peasant.  I see you standing in a wheat field.  The pride, the arrogance. You love  to look at yourself don't you. You  love yourself. ...good... big cat stalking...
GLORIA	f	...the camera is like a roulette  wheel Jim. It becomes whoever you  want it to be -- a woman you want to  seduce, a man you want to kill, a  mother you want to upset, a wife you  want to lie to or love, whatever you  want it to be, it is...
JIM	m	Where are the Doors.
GLORIA	f	Forget the Doors. It's you they want,  Jim. You're the Doors.
JIM	m	We do everything together.
GLORIA	f	You control the audience, like dogs,  manipulate them Jim, one picture can  control a million people, be anything  you want -- growl at them, be ugly,  be frightened, be selfish. Be man,  woman, whild, animal. Live, die,  return again. Anything you want.  Everything is permitted.
GLORIA	f	Go on look at yourself, fall in love  with yourself. You're your own  audience now Jim. They want you.  Worship and love and adore you...
GLORIA	f	...Jim Morrison, the god of Rock and  Cock...
JIM	m	I am the snake and you are the lute
GLORIA	f	Exactly...
PR MAN	m	You must meet Andy Warhol, Jim. He's  more than an artist. Andy is art.  Bright people in America wonder --  does Andy imitate life, or does life  imitate Andy. The meeting of two  kings. Yes, Come.
PAMELA	f	Oh Jim this is Tom... Baker, he's an  actor, he was in Andy's movie and  this is Count Ruspoli. He lives in  Paris, but he's Italian. He's from a  very famous family over there. They're  seven hundred years old.
COUNT	m	Hi Jim, you are great... I see you  at Ondine's with Bobby and Jimmy.  It...
PAM	f	Don't you like the way he talks.  Isn't he cool?
JIM	m	Yeah... hey what's your trip?
TOM	m	Saw your gig at 'The Scene'. Hot...  very hot... You strung out? Here.  Try this.
JIM	m	Love your movies man. What a great  penis...
RAY	m	Come on, we're splitting man.  Dorothy's waiting at the door. We'll  get a bite at Max's and...
JIM	m	You can't leave. Where's your will  to be weird man?
JOHN	m	Get outta here man. This is fucking  weird man.
PR MAN	m	Right this way Jim. Andy's in the  bedroom.
JIM	m	Don't go, y'see Norman Mailer, I  hear he's here?
RAY	m	Yeah can we meet him, he's great...  just like he is. You wanna meet him?
JIM	m	I don't know... did he know who you  were?
RAY	m	Yeah sure, he's cool, come on, he's  your hero!
JIM	m	Nah... later...
EDIE	?	Hey Jim, this is Jake Johnson, you  remember Jake Johnson -- the  astronaut, he's just got back from  outer space.
JAKE JOHNSON	m	I like the Doors, I like the Doors,  I like the Doors.
JIM	m	I like outer space.
TOM	m	Hey where's my joint? There's this chick sings with the  Velvet Underground, Andy's band. She  says she can drink you under the  table.
NICO	m	I'm Nico. It's boring tonight. Some  of us are going downtown to a new  club. You want to come?
TOM	m	...elevate your taste in trolls man.
JIM	m	Vodka? Race you.
NICO	m	Your death...
JIM	m	Wanna go?... Come on let's go.
ROBBIE	m	She looks too freaky to me.
NICO	m	Wait just a minute.
JIM	m	Come on there's pussy Robbie.
ROBBIE	m	Hey I met this chick Lynne, she wants  to be alone.
RAY	m	Come on Jim, let's go.
JIM	m	Don't you guys wanna meet Andy Warhol?
JOHN	m	Tell you the truth, I can live without  him. He's a freak. Let's get outta  here. We got a show tomorrow.
JIM	m	Come on man! I thought we were gonna  be a band, the four of us -- and  party all night, rock and roll!
RAY	m	I could never keep up with you Jim.  I couldn't make the music.
JIM	m	Don't go. Don't leave! You can't  leave. I don't know what will happen.  It might be Death.
RAY	m	Come on Jim, this isn't our scene,  these people are vampires. We gotta  stick together man, the four of us.  Let's make the myths man.
PR MAN	m	Right here Jim, right here. Andy's  waiting. You know what you have in  common is uniqueness.
JIM	m	Nico!
WARHOL	m	Well, it was such a big opening, we  just had to go to Philadelphia,  y'know, you were supposed to, mmm...
PR GUY	m	Andy! Andy!
ANDY	m	...but so many people showed up, the  paintings were getting crushed, so  they took them all down... um, it  really looked great y'know... maybe  uhhh...
PR MAN	m	...the walls. The blank walls. Andy  was the art. Should do a show. Just  walls. Today it's really about people,  not what they do. It's the astronaut  that matters, not the voyage, the  actor, not the movie -- how do I  say, it's the trip, not arriving.
PR MAN	m	...you know what Andy says, some day  everybody's gonna be famous for 15  seconds, but it won't mean anything.
BAKER	m	That's too short. I need a coupla  hours.
ANDY	m	We'd just love to have you in our  movies Jim, you're so beautiful,  you'd be so good, you mmmm, here...  this is for you Jim.
ANDY	m	Edie gave this to me and said mmmmm,  I could talk to God with this. But I  don't really have anything to say.  So... mmmm now you can talk to God.  Oh hi!
NICO	m	Morrison!
TECHIE	?	Testing one-two-three. Testing.
PROMOTER	m	Look, the Fire Marshall's not gonna  let the show go on. Either you go  back to your seats, you go to the  aisle, you don't do that -- no show!
JIM	m	"Lord Byron"? Really. You think? You  like the poems?
PATRICIA	f	Like? I loved them! "Mad bad and  dangerous to know." That's what they  said about him. Your poems should be  taken as seriously.
JIM	m	These are the kindest words I've  ever heard in my life. No one has  ever understood. Thank you. Maybe I should always fuck my critics.
PATRICIA	f	Y'know I don't even like rockers.  They're sleazy. I made up my fuck  list the other night -- out of 30  guys there were maybe three of them,  y'know. I'm not a groupie.
JIM	m	Let's do it, here, now... with the  sound of the crowd. Like Nuremberg,  wild German fucking.
PATRICIA	f	You like that hunh? Beg!
JIM	m	I'm begging! I'm begging you!
PATRICIA	f	You wanna fuck me, Morrison, don't  ever lie to me again. Ever!
JIM	m	About what!
PATRICIA	f	Your father. Why do you tell me  bullshit like your father's dead?
JIM	m	What's your problem with fathers!  They're dead, both of them, I told  you.
PATRICIA	f	If he's so dead, then who answered  the phone when I called the house?
PATRICIA	f	You didn't really think you'd get  away with that, Morrison. An Admiral  in the United States Navy. Who's at  the Gulf of Tonkin when Vietnam  starts. Your Dad's a Deputy Chief of  Operations.
JIM	m	What'd he say? That was really stupid.  Why didn't you just ask me.
PATRICIA	f	Well naturally he wasn't too happy  when I called. Your Mom wanted to  talk but he shut her off.
JIM	m	You're a fuckin' cunt. You could  ruin his career if...
PATRICIA	f	What, I'm a "fuckin' cunt" because I  called the house? Like it's hard to  trace your school records. University  of Florida, Albuquerque, New Mexico,  Arlington, Virginia, Washington,  D.C. Brother, sister, it's seven  miles long baby -- it's all in the  "The End", it's so easy.
PATRICIA	f	Don't ever try to hide anything from  me again. Okay? Go on... tell me.  Did he make you cut your hair? Did  he hit you, was he a bully? Did he  love you? How much?
PATRICIA	f	And your mother?
JIM	m	I don't want to talk about it. Hate  is a very underestimated emotion.
PATRICIA	f	It doesn't matter anymore does it.  Listen to them. It's you they want  now. Not the Doors, not your mother  or your father's child... They want  you Jim.
JIM	m	You're wrong. What they want I can't  give... my death -- ripped to pieces --  do you feel their power?
PATRICIA	f	You have no choice, Jim. I see you  up there like Icarus. I see you flying  closer and closer to the sun. And  your wings are melting...
JIM	m	I want to live, Patricia. I don't  wanna die.
JIM	m	Patricia... Patricia...
COP	m	Whatcha doing there?
JIM	m	Uh... nuthin'
COP	m	Okay, outta there both of you. No  one's allowed backstage. Let's go.
PATRICIA	f	You idiot, don't you know who...
JIM	m	Hey, I'm with the band man. It's  cool. Take it easy.
COP	m	Let's go. NOW! You're both under  arrest.
JIM	m	Hey, eat it man!
JIM	m	Mace! Shit!
PATRICIA	f	Help! They got Jim!!!
JIM	m	Why'd you blind me man? You blinded  me!
SIDDONS	?	What the hell happened! Don't touch Jim. Get some water.  Don't touch your eyes.
COP	m	Hey all he said was...
SIDDONS	?	He was WHAT! He's Jim Morrison for  chrissake. Jim, Jim -- you okay --  let's get you under the water here.  Don't touch, you'll be okay.
COP 1	m	I'm going to have to issue a warrant  for his arrest.
SIDDONS	?	Are you NUTS!
RAY	m	Why don't you leave him alone lady,  he doesn't need more shit in his  life.
PATRICIA	f	What do you know what Jim needs?
JIM & DOORS	m	Make a grave for the unknown soldier  Nestled in your hollow shoulder  The unknown soldier  Practice as the news is read  Television children dead  Bullet strikes the helmet's head  It's all over  The war is over!
JIM & DOORS	m	OH YEEEEAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!
JIM & DOORS	m	Well the men don't know  But the little girls unnerstan'...
JIM & DOORS	m	When all the good people are trying  to sleep  I'm out there making my midnight  creep  Yeah, cause I'm a backdoor man  The men don't know  But the little girls unnerstan'...
JIM	m	I wanna tell you 'bout something  that happened just a few minutes ago  right here in New Haven. This is New  Haven isn't it? New Haven,  Connecticut, United States of America?
HECKLER	m	HEY MORRISON, is the West really the  best or are you just stoned on  weeeeeedddddd??????
VOICE'S	m	"Light My Fire". Sing "Light My Fire".  Yeah. Give us Light My Fire!... We want Mick Jagger! Take your clothes  off Jim. Show it to us! We want the  Lizard King!
JIM	m	Well I was with this girl backstage,  y'know. We got to talking and we  wanted some privacy, so we went into  this shower stall. We weren't doin'  anything y'know jes' standing there  and talking.
JIM	m	...and then this little man came in  there, this little man in a little  blue suit and a little blue cap...
JIM	m	And he said -- "Whatcha doin' there?"  I said, "nuthin'" and he said, "Well  you better get outta there or..."  "Or what" I asked him...
JIM	m	And he started pushing me and I pushed  back and he didn't like that so he  reached back there and got out his  little can of mace. And sprayed it  right in my eyes. And blinded me.  Why? Cause I was alone in a room  with a lady doing what he would like  to be doing if he could ever get it  up without a gun.
JIM	m	In the United States of America.  Land of the free. Home of the Brave  man -- in God We Trust right? TURN
JIM	m	Say your thing man!
LIEUTENANT	m	Young man you've gone too far. The  show's over. You're under arrest.
JOHN	m	They're gonna beat the shit out of  him man!
JIM	m	GET YOUR HANDS OFF ME SLAVE!
JIM	m	YOU'RE SLAVES. YOU'RE ALL A BUNCH OF
COP 1	m	Hey whatcha got here? A boy or a  girl?
COP 2	m	What do you care. You're gonna fuck  him anyway... Okay rock star, let's  see the backdoor you keep bawling  about. Where's the roach powder?
COP 1	m	Ain't he the prettiest long-haired  boy y'ever saw?
COP 2	m	Turn around rock star.
COP 2	m	Stand clear, who the hell knows what's  living in there?
JIM	m	You finished? You sure you're  finished? Haven't you forgotten  something -- the consolation prize  they gave ya for taking your cock  and balls? The guns. Why don't you  use em you withered dicks! You shit- eating red-neck chickenshit bastards,  I hope this makes your worthless  lives...
JIM	m	You better kill me cause I'm gonna  come back and fuck everyone of your  daughters...
KIDS	m	LET JIM GO!!! MORRISON! MORRISON! WE
COPS	m	GET OUTTA HERE! GO HOME. GO ON NOW!
CROWD	m	MOR-RI-SON! MOR-RI-SON! MOR-RI-SON!
CROWD	m	JIM JIM JIM JIM JIM JIM...
RAY	m	He could go all the way man! In five  years he could be in the White House.  Another JFK.
JIM	m	I drink so I can talk to assholes.  This includes me. Let's just say I  was testing the bounds of reality --  that's-all -- I was curious... I  kinda always preferred to be hated.  Like Erich Von Stroheim in the  movies... the man you loved to hate...  it's meant to be ironic, courage  wants to laugh. Y'know it's  essentially a stupid situation. I go  out on a stage and I howl for people.  In me they see what they want to see --  some say the Lizard King, whatever  that means, or some black-clad leather  demon whatever that means... but  really I think of myself as a  sensitive, intelligent human being  but with the soul of a clown which  always forces me to blow it at the  most crucial moment... a fake hero... a joke the gods played  on me... it's okay, I accept the  joke... and smile. Death old friend,  death and my cock, I can forgive my  injuries in the name of wisdom,  luxury, romance. Words got me the  wound and will get me well. All join  now in lament of my cock, a tongue  of knowledge in the feathered night.  Boys get crazy in the head and suffer.  I sacrifice my cock on the alter of  silence.
MIKE	m	Hey Jim, how 'bout hitting a strip- joint? It's getting late and we can...
JIM	m	Nah, later...
JIM	m	Now listen to this I'll tell you  about Texas Radio and the big beat  soft driven slow and mad like some  new language reaching your head with  the cold sudden fury of a divine  messenger let me tell you about  heartache and the loss of God  wandering, wandering in hopeless  night out here on the perimeter there  are no stars out here we is stoned,  immaculate... but I tell you this:  No eternal reward will forgive us  now for wasting the dawn.
MIKE	m	Morning. Pour me breakfast Delores...
MIKE	m	Whatsa matter with Jimbo? Can't handle  it huh
TOM	m	Pussy whipped, man...
DOG	m	Hey Jim, come on babe, eat this. . .  one last place to go. Ray's getting  it on.
JIM	m	Alive she cried! Right Dog, another  cubic centimeter of chance Ugh, I can't eat this stuff, it'll  really make me sick. Gimme a Dos  Equis will ya Delores? And a Ramos  gin fizz with it.
TOM	m	Fuck man did you fade or what, we  were on a "death run" up to the 9000  building after the gig, you bet me a  grand you'd walk the ledge.
JIM	m	Let's go... Right now!
TOM	m	Then mumbling about "gotta go home,  sanctuary," pussy whipped. We were  gonna film it! A thousand bucks! Give him a double.
JIM	m	A triple, Tom, shem and shaun...
TOM	m	...imagine me and Morrison in a fuckin  movie together, can you imagine two  powerful two-fisted Irish fucking  drinking guys in a movie, in a  documentary movie!!
MIKE	m	I'll direct the shit out of it, man.  Dennis Hopper can do it, I can do  it.
JIM	m	...all of us direct it! In black and  white. Call it "Zero." A real road  movie! Two of these you feel a lot better.
DOG	m	Whatcha doing! Oh fuck.
DELORES	f	Fuck you Morrison. You're outta here  you fuckhead, get out!
DOG	m	Come on Jimbo, one more place to go.  Ray's getting married man, this  morning, remember! You're the best  man.
TOM	m	Fuck Ray -- fuckin Pollock all he  cares about's money. Fuckin sell  out. You sold out too man. The last  album's shit, and lemme tell ya  something, people know it.
MIKE	m	Come on Baker, lighten up.
JIM	m	That's all right. I like it
DOG	m	Come on man, toe the line. Boots to  the pavement. Let's walk.
JIM	m	I LOVE L.A. -- the best neon. City  of Night! City of Light... why are  you going to work? You're not slaves,  you're free, cars, you're free...
TOM	m	Awright shaddup Morrison, just cause  you don't gotta work. Give me some of your money, asshole,  and I'll yell anything you fucking  want.
MIKE	m	What was that speckled motherfucker  you just took? Give me some!
JIM	m	You gotta fail to succeed Tom, gotta  surrender to the waiting tides.
HIPPIE PRIEST	m	Awright, the vibrations are right  now, I feel peace and love here today,  I feel a grooviness coming on, do  you Ray Manzarek take your lady  love... (etc.) fill the white wings  of death, scatter your ashes  forever...
RAY	m	Where the fuck you been man?
JIM	m	Man, I been here all the time...  over there watching. I'm really happy  for you Ray you found life...
PAM	f	Jim, I need some safflower oil. Do  you think you can find me a bottle?
JIM	m	Safflower oil, sure.
PAM	f	And get some Gravy Train for Sage.
JIM	m	Yes.
PAM	f	I'll meet you up front.
PAM	f	Jim you got any cash?
PAM	f	It's only another $95,000 but I could  get the best clothes. From India,  Morocco Jim, clothes you can't find  anywhere, we could get the richest  people to come, Miles Davis, Cher,  the Stones, it's gonna be the best  boutique on La Cienega Jim... why  are we walking, how come we don't  have a car?
JIM	m	...cause you lost it. It's fun to  walk, isn't it.
PAM	f	...that was months ago. We got another  car.
JIM	m	Which car?
PAM	f	The red one with the black interior.  Remember it was a shift and I didn't  like it. What happened to it?
JIM	m	Oh yeah... I wrecked it.
PAM	f	Oh Jim! Damn! Where's the Gravy Train?  Whatsamatter? What are you on? You  promised you wouldn't drink today.
JIM	m	No Ma I ain't drinking.
PAM	f	You're not gonna drink any more are  you Jim.
JIM	m	No Ma I ain't.
PAM	f	And you're gonna change those stinky  leathers you been wearing for three  weeks.
JIM	m	I don't know 'bout that.
PAM	f	What the hell are you on?
JIM	m	Uh -- just some low grade acid. It's  not heavy. Pam, read my mind.
PAM	f	Jesus Jim! Goddamit! You PROMISED. I  made the duck! People are coming!  Ray and Dorothy think we're flaky  enough and I... you said you'd wait  till after, you're going to peak  before me.
JIM	m	Hey it's okay, it's okay... come on,  we'll trip and then eat our feast.
PAM	f	Yeah sure.
JIM	m	Come on baby, y'know it's a good  thing for Ray and Dorothy I think  women are such noble creatures --  they carry on your name with dignity  after you die.
PAM	f	What are you saying? You wanna marry  me Jim?
JIM	m	I think women basically have a comic  approach to life -- I mean how can  they not when they look up in the  dark and see a dangling penis, seeking  entry. It looks like a face y'know --  little beard "Hi mom" I wanna get inside you. Look around. "Do the funky chicken, do dah, dah,  funky chicken do da da "love my girl" --
JIM	m	Let's go wild child, let's get out  there Romeo and Juliet, Marilyn Monroe  and Vincent Van Gogh, Jim and Pam,  rock and roll ...all the poetry has wolves in it,  but one Pam -- the most beautiful  one of all -- dances in a ring of  fire and throws off the challenge  with a shrug
PAM	f	I like it when you sing to me
JIM	m	'cause I'm the poet and you're my  muse
PAM	f	What am I going to do about these  papers! Jim, Jim -- you really need  someone to organize this stuff. Your  handwriting's just like a little  kid.
PAM	f	My God look at this. I wonder if  William Blake was ever this  disorganized.
DOROTHY	f	Oh the duck!
JIM	m	Get some drinks, man. Over there Pam!
PAM	f	I'm gonna be your editor now,  seriously I'm going to organize all  your stuff. I'm gonna take out all  the fuck words.
JIM	m	Let's go wild child, let's get out  there Romeo and Juliet, Marilyn Monroe  and Vincent Van Gogh, Jim and Pam,  rock and roll "Clothed in sunlight Restless in  wanting Dying of fever Changed shapes  of an empire Vast promissory notes  of joy How it has changed you How  slowly estranged you Solely arranged  you Beg you for mercy"
JIM	m	Pam... Honey, you're trying too hard.
PAM	f	I'm not -- I'm not.
JIM	m	Yes you are.
PAM	f	There's some great poetry here Jim,  some wonderful ideas.
JIM	m	Yeah but nobody wants to read poetry  anymore, nobody cares, it's not like  important y'know. Just put it away.  Not right now.
PAM	f	But what am I supposed to do? How do  I fit in? Who am I supposed to be  around all these people?
COUNT	m	Darling Pamela, I brought you a little  something.
JIM	m	You're my girl, that's who...
PAMELA	f	I'm not your girl, don't give me  that shit. I know you fuck everything  that touches you.
ANNE	f	Hi Jim...
JIM	m	All right so I do. I live my life  the way I want. I don't want anyone  expecting anything from me --  including you! You don't like it  then get the fuck out! Oh hi Anne. You know Pam? She's a  little pissed off right now but...
RAY	m	Okay Jim let's eat that duck.
DOROTHY	f	Come on Pam, let's put out the  plates...
PAMELA	f	Anne O'Riordan. Are you Anne  O'Riordan?
ANNE	f	You must be Pamela
PAMELA	f	You actually put your dick in this  woman Jim?
JIM	m	Well I... sometimes yeah
PAMELA	f	I understand... I really do but don't  ever think that Jim's gonna love you  or take care of you. You're one of a  hundred you know
JIM	m	Hey -- don't you know when to stop!
PAM	f	Look who's talking
ANNE	f	I'd like to think Jim can make up  his own mind who he loves and who he  doesn't.
PAMELA	f	Don't kid yourself sweetheart, Jim's  crazy but he's not that crazy. He  loves me.
ROBBIE	m	Jesus, it's not gonna be one of these  dinners is it Jim? How 'bout some  turkey?
BAKER	m	Love it!! Far out.
DOROTHY	f	Yes, let's go into the kitchen. The  duck's ready.
GIRLFRIEND	f	Jim, you should meet Chuck Vincent.  He came specially to meet you.
JIM	m	Oh yeah -- Chuck. You're my idol  man... since I was 12. The best man...
CHUCK VINCENT	m	So you the white boy makin' all that  money.
JIM	m	I still can't hold a candle to you.
CHUCK VINCENT	m	Hey everybody Chuck Vincent's here.  Yo sho can't boy, I ain't heard much  of yor stuff. What I done heard don't  show me much.
ROBBIE	m	So fuck you man...
JIM	m	Chuck Vincent man! No. He's right...  Chuck Vincent's here, everybody,  Chuck Vincent.
CHUCK	m	Ain't no honkey ever gonna sing the  blues, you ain't been there. Where  dat turkey at?
PAM	f	I just have one thing to say to you --
JIM	m	It's not Thanksgiving honey.
COUNT	m	Pamela, bella, please behave hunh...  Va fanculo Jimmy, what the hell did  you give her
PAM	f	GET OUT!!!
PATRICIA	f	See you later.
JIM	m	She's working it out, man, it's okay Pamela, Pamela... come on baby, it's  all right, shhh.
PAM	f	BLOOOOOOODDDDDDD! DEEATHHHH! STOP
JIM	m	PUSH! PUSH! IT'S A BOY!
PAM	f	RAAAAZOOOORS!!! RAAAAZZZZZORS AND
JIM	m	Oh murder? MURDER??? YOU WANNA DO
RAY	m	JIM! COME ON. GET A HOLD OF YOURSELF!
TOM, DOG & MIKE	m	MURDER!!! YEAH!... Where's my camera!
JIM	m	YOU WANNA KNOW WHAT MURDER IS. YOU
PAM	f	YOU YOU YOU!!!! YOU KILLED MY DUCK!
JIM	m	I'M STILL KILLING YOUR DUCK!!! FUCK!!!
RAY	m	JIM!! WILL YOU STOP THIS SHIT WILL
TOM & MIKE	m	Yeah FUCK OFF MAN!
CHUCK VINCENT	m	This party's gettin' low rent. Let's  go babe.
DOG	m	Hey, fuck him, let's eat this thing.
PAM	f	What the hell's happened to us Jim?  What the hell is happening to us.  There's some great poetry...
VOICE	m	Ladies and Gentlemen, from Los Angeles  California -- The DOORS!
SIDDONS	?	Jim! Your Mom's here with your  brother. What do you want me to do  with 'em?
JIM & DOORS	m	There's been a slaughter here  Don't stop to speak or look around  Your gloves and fan are on the ground  We're getting out of town we're going  on the run  And you're the one I want to come  Not to touch the earth  Not to see the sun  Nothing left to do  But run, run, run  Let's run, let's run...
SIDDONS	?	Vice Squad says one more "fuck or  shit" they're gonna close us down  man.
MIKE	m	Stick my dick in their ear!
JIM & DOORS	m	House upon the hill  Moon is lying still...
JIM & DOORS	m	Shadows of the trees witnessing the  wild breeze  Come on baby run with me  Run with me, let's run...
JIM	m	Oh hi... I didn't realize you were  entertaining.
PAM	f	Hi.
COUNT	m	Scusi Jimmy, I hope you're cool about  this...
JIM	m	Don't forget your smack on the way  out.
JIM	m	The mansion is warm at the top of  the hill  Rich are the rooms and the comforts  there  Red are the arms of luxuriant chairs  You won't know a thing till you get  inside
JIM	m	I told you about that shit. Or are  we talking about death choices here?
PAM	f	I'm just doing my thing, just like  you said, it's my thing, why can't I  have a thing. Ow! You're hurting me!
JIM	m	Get up. Hurt? You want to know HURT?  Let me introduce you to my good friend  hurt.
JIM	m	Ah sanctuary!... a soft place to  hide.
PAM	f	...from you, you pig!
JIM	m	I'll give you a place to hide forever!
PAM	f	JIM!
JIM	m	This is the best part of the trip,  honey...
JIM & THE DOORS	m	Dead President's corpse in the  driver's car  The engine runs on glue and tar  C'mon along, we're not going very  far  To the East to meet the Czar...
HIGH PRIESTESS	m	...we worship the ancient forces of  Nature, the Triple Goddess, the Great  Mother and the Lord, the Horned One...  when the vow is taken
HIGH PRIESTESS	m	...it is a blending of souls on a  karmi and cosmic plane that affects  your future incarnations on this  planet. Death does not part -- only  lack of love -- and the vow is forever  in the Goddess' sight.
JIM & DOORS	m	Run with me, run with me  Run with me, let's run  Some outlaws live by the side of a  lake  The minister's daughter's in love  with a snake
JIM & DOORS	m	Who lives in a well by the side of  the road  Wake up girl! We're almost home  We shall see the gates by morning  We shall be inside by evening  Sun, sun, sun  Burn, burn, burn  Moon, moon, moon!
JIM & DOORS	m	I will GET YOU  Soon -- soooooooon... SOOOOOOONNNN...
JIM	m	I am the Lizard King I can do anything
JUDY	f	Man wow -- watsa matter Jim? It was  beautiful... wasn't it? Kim? Wasn't  it great?
KIM	?	It was all right
JIM	m	Hey it's no big deal. I like to cry  when I come. It's close to death...  maybe you'd better go home now before  your mama gets home.
JUDY	f	She is home Jim
JIM	m	What?
JUDY	f	It's a secret.
JIM	m	You know you've always been good to  me in bed Judy. And it was nice of  you to bring your friend. I want to  keep seeing both of you but it can't  be all the time y'know. It would be  a night every few weeks or so. That's  just the way I am, I'm not dependable.  I can't be a boyfriend. Would you do  that? I mean could you handle it?  That way? I don't want you to get  hurt.
JUDY	f	I already been hurt enuf' by you  Jim, I don't have much to lose do I?
JIM	m	...do you love me?
JUDY	f	...yes
JIM	m	...Well, just think about it awhile.  Call me when you get your new  number... Hey that's a really nice outfit you're  wearing, you really have good taste  in clothes. How long have you two  been friends?
JIM	m	What?
JIM	m	Come back later! Who is it!
VOICE	m	It's a secret.
JIM	m	Whyn't you come back later. I don't  have any clothes on.
PAM	f	Jim, I gotta talk! Let me in please.  I gotta talk.
JIM	m	Now Pam sweetheart, I'm busy.
PAM	f	Jim, I know there's someone in there,  I can't believe you're doing this  again. You're disgusting.
JIM	m	Well you see Pam there's this crazy  girl in here, she's just lying on  the bed with her legs open and I  don't know what to do.
PAM	f	FUCK YOU!!! I want to see her.
JIM	m	It's your cousin Lizzie, you don't  want to see her. Go home.
PAM	f	We're all sisters, let me see her.  Jim,... I got this wonderful leg of  lamb in the oven for supper... and  the house is immaculate. Sage is  waiting. He wants you to play with  him... are you coming...
JIM	m	Almost.
PAM	f	Jim goddamit answer me!!
JIM	m	What was that promise you made  Why don't you tell me what she said  What was that promise that she made  I'm gonna love you  Till the heaven stops the rain  I'm gonna love you  Till the stars fall from the sky  For you and I...
PAUL	m	...fuckin' neanderthal primadonna is  too drunk to see. Cut it... that was beautiful  sweetheat, we had a technical problem,  we'll take it again from the top  babe whenever you're ready.
DENSMORE	m	What's his fucking problem?
JIM	m	Paul babe.
PAUL	m	Right here baby.
JIM	m	Why don't you suck a fart out of my  asshole you slave driving facist  motherfucker!
PAUL	m	I hear the booze, I hear the smokes  Jim, I don't hear the voice and babe  I didn't hear the song!
JIM	m	So what are we going to tonight Paul!  67 takes! It's stale!
RAY	m	Alright, let's try something else.
JIM	m	I wanna sing blues. This stuffs  getting too self-conscious.
ROBBIE	m	Cause it's my song man?
JIM	m	Let's sing "Rock is Dead"! You're  all a buncha slaves... "Oh come all  ye faithful."
PAUL	m	Shut up Jim! I don't understand! I  don't. What are ya doing! I love you  like a brother, I do, but why are  you fucking this up. It's a perfect  radio song for chrissake! No one  wants to hear the blues anymore!  Think like a singer, you're the only  baritone crooner we got left...  Sinatra, Elvis, Crosby, you're as  good as they are, but WHY ARE YOU
JIM	m	Catchy, you sold it to a commercial?
JIM	m	For that? How much did you get for  it?
RAY	m	Now, Jim...
JIM	m	HOW MUCH?
SIDDONS	?	It was $50,000. You weren't talking  to us that week and we figgered you...
JIM	m	You figured? What the fuck is this  Ray?
RAY	m	It's not like a big deal Jim, the  song's already been commercialized,  the money was great. Robbie wrote  the lyrics and he didn't mind, neither  did I, neither did John... we gotta  get to TV.
JIM	m	What?... are you saying? Are we the  Doors? One for all and all for one?  Do you know what you're saying to  those millions of kids! "Just kidding,  not real". That's what you're saying.
JOHN	m	Oh come on man, you think just cause  you're the lead man in the band you  can run the whole show.
JIM	m	You think I was kidding Ray? Hey John, those are interesting shoes,  you like those shoes?
JOHN	m	Yeah I do.
JIM	m	Good. Then do you want 50 of those  shoes?
JOHN	m	No.
JIM	m	Then what do you need more money  for?
JIM	m	I'm dying Ray. I wasn't kidding.  Maybe you were. But I'll tell you  something, it's not about these  desires you have man, or money, or  these records, it's about breaking  through wasn't it? You just lost  something man. We all lost something boys. We lost  something.
RAY	m	I don't think so Jim. There's a bigger  picture here.
JIM	m	There sure is. In your fucking face!
JIM	m	Just kidding... Hi Pam. Just watchin' some TV.
PAM	f	I wanted you to find us Jim. It meant  nothing.
JIM	m	I know. I know.
PAM	f	You don't have to torture me Jim.  Let me make it up to you, please...
JIM	m	It's alright honey, it's gonna be  alright. You're my girl and that's  the way it's always gonna stay.
PAM	f	Really...?
JIM	m	So, let's keep that money machine  rolling. Come on guys...
PAUL	m	Right on Jimbo.
JIM	m	When I was back there in seminary  school  There was a person there  Who put forth the proposition  That you can petition the Lord with  prayer  Petition the Lord with prayer  Petition the Lord with prayer
PAUL	m	Where the hell did she go?
JIM & DOORS	m	Can you give me sanctuary  I must find a place to hide  A place for me to hide...
PAM	f	...sing to me, Jim, sing to me.
JIM & DOORS	m	Can you find me soft asylum  I can't make it any more  The man is at the door
JIM & DOORS	m	Catacombs, nursury bones  Winter women  Streets and shoes, avenues  Leather riders selling shoes Successful hills are here to stay  Everything must be this way  Gentle street where people play  Welcome to the soft parade
JIM & DOORS	m	All our lives we sweat and save  Building for a shallow grave The soft parade has now begun  Listen to the engines hum  People out to have some fun  A cobra on my left  Leopard on my right
JIM SONG	m	Calling on the dogs (5)  When all else fails  You can whip the horses' eyes  And make them sleep  And cry.
PAM	f	I love you.
JIM	m	Why does my mind circle around you?  Why do planets wonder what it would  be like to be you?  All your soft wild promises were  words, birds,  Endlessly in flight  Being drunk is the best disguise  As the body is ravaged  The spirit grows stronger
ENGINEER	m	Let's send out for some pizza Jim.
JIM	m	Nah, how 'bout some tacos when we're  through? The world on fire  Taxi from Africa  The grand hotel he was drunk a big  party last night back, going back in  all directions sleeping these insane  hours I'll never wake up in a good  mood again  I'm sick of these stinky boots  Do you know we are being led to  slaughters by placid admirals?  And that fat slow generals are getting  obscene on young blood?  Do you know we are ruled by TV?
JIM	m	Oh great Creator of Being  Grant us one more hour to perform  our art and perfect our lives  The moths and atheists are doubly  divine in dying  We live, we die, and death not ends  it  Journey we more into the nightmare  We're reaching for death on the end  of a candle  We're trying for something that's  already found us...
RADIO DJ/CRITIC	m	A hot night in Miami January '69 --  every space in the auditorium is  consumed... unfortunately the Doors  have long since sold out. They've  become an act. Morrison "falls" off  the stage at least every other  performance. "The Soft Parade" album  only confirms the plasticity of their  approach. Songs like "Touch Me" and  "Follow Me Down" are not the Doors  we once knew. So the question is:  Why am I here? Are funerals  entertainment?
DENSMORE	m	He ain't gonna show! I know it man.  We should fuckin' go on without him.
RAY	m	Bill's with him. They're an hour  away, he'll get him here.
SIDDONS	?	Goddamit Jim! We missed one already,  we gotta get this one man!
JIM	m	More!
MIKE	m	Four more all around and up and down!
JIM	m	Don't be so melodramatic Bill, it's  not fun anymore.
DOG	m	I can't fly sober.
SIDDONS	?	Jim, you don't show for this one,  we're dead, the whole group -- no  more bookings.
JIM	m	I care.
PAUL	m	Come on Jim, we'll get fuckin' laid  in Miami.
SIDDONS	?	We need the work Jim! They're making  us post a $10,000 bond just to show  up -- we're the only group in rock-n- roll with a fuck clause! Get him on the fuckin' plane. That's  what I pay you for.
DOG	m	You're an awful little guy to be  talking like that.
JIM	m	Chump change, we're working for chump  change.
SIDDONS	?	Look at you, you're a pathetic fuckin'  slob and so are all your friends!
JIM	m	I got an idea Bill, you're fired.
JOHN	m	Listen to 'em! They're not coming  for the music anymore. They're coming  to see a fuckin' freak show!
RAY	m	You think it's easy for him. He moves  left he's got vice squad, on the  right narcs -- and the audience just  waiting for him to get busted.
JOHN	m	He wanted it! Not us. I just don't  fuckin' get the point anymore. I  never did I guess. Y'ask me he's  just become a drunken fuckin' asshole  that's what. And he's gonna take us  down with him.
RAY	m	Compassion was never your forte man.
JOHN	m	Don't lecture me Mr. Philosopher,  you never felt a fuckin thing in  your life. I loved that man. I loved  what he was.
ROBBIE	m	It ain't the old Jim that's for sure.  I think he's living for everybody  else man and somewhere along the way  he's lost his own self.
RAY	m	The wine man, the ancient wine. The  ancient wine.
ROBBIE	m	What?
RAY	m	Something he once told us. About  Dionysos. When the madness took  over...
STEWARDESS	f	My name is Rita Hager and if...
JIM	m	If your name is Rita, then yor ol  man must be ol man Rita!!
TOM, MIKE & DOG	m	That ol man Riva, he just keep rolling  along!
STEWARDESS	f	Excuse me sir, my father is not my  old man.
STEWARDESS	f	In the event of a decrease of  pressure, pull the oxygen mask to  your...
TOM	m	Ma ol lady had one of those but she  calls it a diaphragm when I'm eating  her out!
DOG	m	Nah, it's a douche bag on a dixie  cup.
STEWARDESS	f	I'm sorry sir, but you're embarrassing  me.
MIKE	m	Great tits.
SIDDONS	?	Come on guys, cool it!
JIM	m	C'mon Paul, you can get us some heroin  man.
PAUL	m	No I can't and I won't.
JIM	m	Why not?
PAUL	m	Cause I don't want to participate in  anything that would accomplish your  goal?
JIM	m	Oh and what is my goal Paul? Death?
PAUL	m	"Death old friend".
JIM	m	Wrong. I just want the pure beauty  of absolute zero and sing the blues  man -- do nuthin, go nowhere, just  be.
TOM	m	With that waistline Jimbo you got no  choice.
JIM	m	What's wrong with being a large  mammal, a big beast like a tank. I  feel great!
DOG	m	Yeah. What's wrong with being fat.
TOM	m	You mean "Crawling King Flab"? Rock  is cock babe and your rock is dyin'.
JIM	m	Rock is death! There is no longer  belief. Hey, I'll write poetry and  direct movies.
TOM	m	And what are you offering? Sex? You  can't get it up. Salvation? You can't  even save yourself. Come on Jim,  you're not gonna be remembered.
JIM	m	Miss?...
STEWARDESS	f	What do you need?
JIM	m	Some love.
MIKE	m	They'll still be talking about Jim  when you're a walk on Baker. I'll  make you a deal. When you do  something, I'll criticize it.
TOM	m	I think you both should take your  heads out of the toilet bowl. After  "Soft Parade" You need an album  sweetheart.
MIKE	m	You should take it outta your ass.
JIM	m	The first two novels come along they  love you, next few they slam but if  you stay around long enough, one day  they say, "hey he's part of the  national psyche".
STEWARDESS	f	What are you drinking?
MIKE	m	Screwdrives-her.
STEWARDESS	f	I'm going to have to call the captain  if you can't control these people. I  guarantee that.
TOM	m	...if you live long enough, don't  kid yourself Jimbo -- you're all  alone out there, Jimbo, cept for me,  cause you're too wacked out man,  they're scared, you're too fuckin  crazy.
JIM	m	I wasn't mad, Tom. I was only  interested in freedom.
TOM	m	Bullshit! You're bored, you're not  free. You tested all the limits,  fame, fucking, money, -- whatcha  gonna do now Jimbo! When the music's  over, when you're too fat and ugly  to get on a stage, whatcha gonna do  for act three -- puke on Heaven's  door?
JIM	m	Listen you two bit fuckin actor, you  underestimate the audience. You think  they all want a better job, a house,  two cars, money, that's what you  think but you know what they really  want, Tom, in their lives, what they  really want --
TOM	m	Tell me.
JIM	m	...something sacred, that's what  they want, something sacred.
JIM	m	Fuck you ignorant devil's asshole  slave!
TOM	m	No you. Something sacred. My cock is  sacred. Suck on that!
JIM	m	I don't eat shrimp.
DOG	m	Incoming!
CAPTAIN	m	ALL RIGHT!! If you young men don't  change your attitude right now, when  we get to Miami you're going to be  arrested.
JIM	m	Yes, sir.
TOM	m	YESSIR -- you asshole.
CAPTAIN	m	As captain of this ship I'm placing  all four of you under arrest. The  FBI will...
MIKE	m	For what! What'd we do!
TOM	m	Read me my rights, motherfuckers...  motherfuckin bulls!
HIPPIE	?	Look at this thing! Look at this  beautiful little living thing!! How  can you eat it!! How can you eat its  flesh???
HIPPIE	?	LOVE ANIMALS, DON'T EAT THEM!!!!
SIDDONS	?	What the FUCK happened to the SEATS!! What's the FUCKING IDEA man! THERE'S
PROMOTER	m	I took 'em out! What's wrong with  that! We stuffed an extra five thou  in there. Where the fuck you been!
SIDDONS	?	That wasn't THE FUCKING IDEA MAN!!  We're gonna sue you!... We're pulling  the plug.
PROMOTER	m	So sue me! You're playing or you  ain't leaving here with your equipment  sonny!
SIDDONS	?	We're not playing.
JOHN	m	I'm not going out there man!
RAY	m	JOHN, C'MON!!
JOHN	m	Look at him! I'm not going out there  'till I get some sorta guarantee  he's gonna stay in line. I've had it  with this shit.
JIM	m	Whatsa matter, scared Johnny boy?
RAY	m	JOHN!! STOP IT!! COME ON!!
JOHN	m	You're pushing death Morrison.  Everybody thinks we're drug addicts  cause of you Morrison.
JIM	m	We the Beatles yet?
JOHN	m	We took drugs to EXPAND MINDS ASSHOLE,  not ESCAPE. I'M NOT GOING OUT THERE
JIM	m	Hey John y'ever eaten human flesh?  When we get to New York, I know this  chick...
RAY	m	Come on man.
JOHN	m	I'm not going out there!
RAY	m	We'll talk tomorrow, we'll settle  it. Just do it tonight man and...
JIM	m	...just a touch Robbie, it's the  funkiest stuff, you'll play like an  orgasm tonight...
ROBBIE	m	No man come on, I don't want any.
JIM	m	...just a little lick, come on trust  me... for old times, the four of us,  let's get together one more time,...  the Doors man... Please. For me.
ROBBIE	m	You said you love pain man, but you  run from it every chance you get.
JIM	m	ARE YOU READY!!!!
TEENAGER	m	Wow!
JIM	m	YAAAAAOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWW... Love my  girl! Five to one  One in five  No one here gets out alive  You gets your baby  I'll get mine  Gonna make it, baby  If we try
JIM & DOORS	m	The old get old  The young get stronger  May take a week  And it may take longer  They got the guns  But we got the numbers  Gonna win yeah -- WE'RE TAKING OVER!!
JIM	m	YAAAAAAOOOOOOWWWWWWW!!!
JIM & DOORS	m	Your ballroom days are over baby  Night is drawing near  Shadows of the evening  Crawl across the years  You walk across the floor  With a flower in your hand  Tryin to tell me no one understands
JIM & DOORS	m	Trade in your hours for a handful of  dimes  Gonna make it baby -- in our prime  Get together one more time  Get together
MOB	m	...one more time  Get together one more time  Get together one more time
JIM	m	YOU'RE ALL A BUNCHA FUCKIN SLAVES!!!
JIM	m	Lettin people tell you what you're  gonna do! Lettin people push you  around! How long you think it's gonna  last! How long you gonna let them  push you around!!
VOICES	m	"Light My Fire"! Play "Light My  Fire"!! Come on Jim... Take your clothes off man! Get wild!  Fuck me baby. Fuck me girl, suck my  cock honey around the world! Mexican  whore suck my prick! Keeper of the  royal sperm man! CELEBRATE THE LIZARD
JIM	m	C'MON GET IT ALL OUT! ALL THE LITTLE
CROWD	m	FUCK YOU!
JIM	m	THAT'S THE ONE LITTLE WORD I WANTED
JIM	m	Maybe you love it, maybe you love  gettin your faces pressed into the  shit of the world! You'd all eat  shit wouldn't ya!! Adolph Hitler is
JIM	m	WHAT ARE YA GONNA DO ABOUT IT! WHAT
JIM & DOORS	m	Come on, come on, come on and FUCK  me babe! Can't you see that I am not  afraid
VOICES	m	Yeah, STOP THE WAR MAN, PEACEEE...
JIM	m	NO I'm not talkin' 'bout NO  REVOLUTION. I'm not talkin 'bout no  DEMONSTRATION. I'm talking 'bout  HAVING SOME FUN. I'm talkin' 'bout  DANCIN. I'm talkin 'bout LOVE. I'm  talkin' 'bout some LOVE. LOVE LOVE  LOVE LOVE... LOVE!!!! Grab your friend --  and LOVE him. Come oooooaaaannnnn.  Yeah!
VOICES	m	"Light My Fire"! Come on Jim -- play  "Light My Fire"!
JIM	m	Ain't nobody gonna love my ass? Come  on... I need ya. There's so many of  ya out there and nobody's gonna love  me! C'mon -- what'cha come here for  anyway? You didn't come here for  music. You didn't come here to see a  good band. You came here for THIS  didn't ya...
JIM	m	I'm lonely out here -- Ya wanna SEE  IT... COME ON SWEETHEART... I need  it, I NEED IT, need ya, need ya,
JIM	m	Didja see it! You wanna see it
VOICES	m	Take it off! Take it all off!
JIM	m	What if I pull it out fer ya!! And  SHAKE IT AROUND!!! Will that do it  for you! Would ya, would ya, would  ya!! Now watch -- I'm gonna show it  to ya!
JIM	m	There it was! Ya see it? Ya see it?...  Ya wanna see it again?
TEENAGE GIRL	f	I saw it!... Yes, yes! Jim! Jim!
TEENAGE GIRL 2	f	Where? I didn't see it.
VINCE THE ROADIE	m	DON'T DO IT MAN. DON'T DO IT!
RAY	m	HEY JIM.
JIM	m	C'MON! C'MON! NO LIMITS, NO LAWS! NO
COPS	m	Where's the guy with the penis!
JIM ET AL & DOORS	m	You know the day destroys the night  Night divides the day  Try to run, try to hide
JUDGE VOICE	m	...you are charged under four counts  with lewd behavior, simulated  masturbation, public drunkenness,  profanity, and public exposure.
JIM	m	I can't believe this is happening  I can't believe all these people are  sniffing each other & backing away,  teeth grinning, hair raised, growling,  here in the slaughtered wind  This is it  No more fun the death of all joy has  come
LAWYER	m	Your Honor, I would like to bring to  the Court's attention the contemporary  Broadway musical "Hair" in which  cast members disrobe and appear naked  on the stage.
JUDGE	m	Inadmissable evidence.
LAWYER	m	Your Honor... any difference from  the Miami nightclubs where comedians  frequently incorporate profanity  into their acts
JUDGE	m	Inadmissable evidence.
LAWYER	m	...there has not been one shred of  evidence: 300 photographs and not  one shows a thing; not reliable  testimony, nothing but hysterical  heresay
LAWYER	m	...this is a major First Amendment  violation by the Police and  Politicians of Miami. Every witness  they've brought has admitted under  oath to not actually seeing the  client's genitals -- except one who...
JIM	m	...Well, you gonna get rid of it?  Fucked up people y'know, crazies,  unwanted Indians just throw it in  the river.
PATRICIA	f	I can't fucking believe you just  said that!
JIM	m	Patricia, wouldn't it be better to  have a kid with someone who wanted  to be its father?
PATRICIA	f	It'd be a fucking genius, that's  what it'd be! You and me. The child  would be a god, goddess!
JIM	m	It'd be a monster.
JIM	m	I got this trial dragging on me,  Patricia. I couldn't support the kid --  I can't afford it and I don't want  the responsibility right now.
PATRICIA	f	You're a COWARD!! A LITTLE BOY!! The  only way you can't afford it is  emotionally. You forgot your vows  man. They were forever in the goddess'  sight. Death doesn't part, only love  Jim!
JIM	m	Come on Patricia, I was stoned... it  seemed like the fun thing at the  time.
PATRICIA	f	I'm gonna cut your balls off Morrison!
JIM	m	You want 'em?
PATRICIA	f	FUCK YOU. I'm gonna have the kid.
JIM	m	Then it'll be your kid. If you want  the abortion I'll pay for it and  I'll come up to New York to be with  you when you have it.
PATRICIA	f	No you won't.
JIM	m	Yes I will.
PATRICIA	f	Bullshit Morrison You know who you are... NO. What difference does it make.  You know, you never pretended. I  did. I don't even like kids  particularly, but I don't want the other thing  either. I guess what I really want  is to throw myself off this fucking  balcony Well now that you've fucked the  future, Morrison, have you fucked  everything?... Have you looked at yourself in the  mirror. Your stomach...
JIM	m	Please don't say those things to me,  Patricia.
PATRICIA	f	Fuck me one last time, you worthless  piece of shit.
SPEAKER	m	...endorsed by President Richard  Nixon! The immoral conduct of degenerates  such as Jim Morrison is an  unacceptable insult to this country  and the principles for which it  stands...
JIM	m	Well uh, it's designed to wear you  down y'know... when that rap sheet  says the "United States of America  versus You" it takes you down day by  day, specially when no one really  gives a shit about, y'know, the First  Amendment that's on trial here...  Nobody says anything about that,  it's just uh did you take your pants  off y'know, I mean that's not what  it's about, it's about freedom, that's  what it's about... but who cares,  right? Freedom exists in a schoolbook.
REPORTER 1	m	...but the promoters are cancelling  your shows, will this affect the way  you play?
JIM	m	Well, I can only open doors, M'am. I  can't drag people thru 'em. I'm no  savior.
REPORTER 2	m	But you've called yourself a shaman?
JIM	m	Did I? Well, I'll tell ya, my words  stand a far better chance of being  around a hundred years from now than  my waistline.
ANCHORLADY	f	The question that will be answered  today: Did Jim Morrison or did he  not take off his pants last March?  This is...
JUDGE	m	James Douglas Morrison, I hereby  sentence you to sixty days of hard  labor in the Dade County Jail and  for public exposure I am sentencing  you to six months of the same, after  which you are to serve two years and  four months of probationary time.
SECRETARY	f	I booked you round trip to New York  for Thursday, Pamela's called six  times, Patricia, Kathy, Judy, Gayle  is pregnant, she says but... you  gotta get straight, honey, go to  sleep, get a massage, go to the  dentist, get a haircut honey, you  gotta cool out...
JOHN	m	Probably a bath too...
OFFICE BOY	m	Jesus Jim, this guy really despises  you.
JOHN	m	...didn't invite us to Woodstock.  Twenty other groups but not...
SIDDONS	?	What's heavy is the radio stations  pulling us from their playlists. The  big cities -- Philly, Cinci, Chicago,  Detroit -- it's insane! Record sales  suck!
RAY	m	"The band you love to hate".
LAWYER	m	We can drag this appeal out for years,  we can keep you out of jail.
JIM	m	You're drinking with number three.
SIDDONS	?	Max firmly believes the FBI's behind  it. We're subpoenaing their records --  they had memos on you in Phoenix and  they got you extradicted to Miami  illegally without a felony...
MIKE	m	A new image -- Jim Morrison as  "Renaissance Man" -- We bring you  back slow, quiet, the beard, elder  of the tribe.
OFFICE BOY	m	...like Lennon said "you either grow  with the music or it grows without  you."
ROBBIE	m	Hey, it was fun.
VOICES	m	First Hendrix now Janis Robbie flew  to Hawaii legalities pending  dispositions book in Toronto interview  with PBS renew your diverse license  psychic predictions nine paternity  suits fifty thousand dollar bond  recoup our losses Pamela's shopping  spree with your credit card Morrison  Hotel some-body from film school  mountain of coke in the broom closet  Jac Holzman eight thirty in the  morning remix perform schedule Paul  Rothchild taxes Texas teenyboppers  tomorrow.
TELEVISION	m	Chicago Seven in it's tenth day...  Bobby Seale gagged and chained... L.A. shootout with Black Panthers... Charles Manson indicted for murder  of actress Sharon Tate... U. S. ground troops in Laos and  Cambodia... Indians still occupying Alcatraz  Island... For the My Lai massacre testified  120 villagers shot by American  soldiers in a trench...
JIM	m	I think I'm having a nervous  breakdown.
PAM	f	JIM! PLEASE GODDAMIT!! COME BACK IN
JIM	m	Whatcha worried about? I like it out  here.
PAM	f	NOOOOOO!!
JIM	m	Life on the edge baby. Come get me  if you love me baby.
PAM	f	PLEASE GODDAMIT JIM MORRISON I'M NOT
MIKE	m	We got it man! Keep going. Great get  a two shot.
BAKER	m	GO ON GET OUT THERE PAM.
PAM	f	JIM MORRISON GODDAMIT I LOVE YOU I
RAY	m	Pam!! Oh shit... get the ambulances  man...
RAY	m	JIM! HELP HER. She's gonna fall.
TOM	m	Jump!
JIM	m	Come on baby, come on.
RAY	m	Jim we gotta finish "LA Woman".
JIM	m	Don't have an ending Ray.
RAY	m	They're both gonna die... ARE YOU
JIM	m	Come on baby, come on
PAM	f	"...but one, the most beautiful one  of all -- dances in a ring of fire --
JIM	m	"I see your hair is burning. If they  say I never loved you, you know they  are a liar!"
PAM	f	"...and throws off the challenge  with a shrug"
JIM	m	All the poetry has wolves in it Pam!!!
PAM	f	I don't wanna die with you Jim  Morrison, I don't wanna die!
JIM	m	C'mon Pam, this is it! We'll do it  right here! Right now! You and me!
PAM	f	Jim -- let's go, let's leave this  town! You and me! Never come back.
JIM	m	We can. Right now. Just one more  step...
PAM	f	No Jim. I want to LIVE with you. I  want to LIVE with you.
JIM	m	There was preserved in her the fresh  miracle of surprise... clothed in  sunlight restless in wanting dying  of fever married to doubt how it has  changed you how slowly estranged you  solely arranged you beg for your  mercy -- OR -- ...but all will pass  lie down in green grass and smile  and muse and gaze upon her smooth  resemblance to the mating-Queen who  it seems is in love with the horseman  Tomorrow we enter the tomb of my  birth I want to be ready.
JIM & DOORS	m	With a little girl in a Hollywood  bungalow  Are you a lucky lady in the City of  Light?  Or just another lost angel -- City  of Night?
JIM & DOORS	m	LA Woman (X2)  LA Woman / Sunday Afternoon (X3)  Drive thru your suburbs  Into your blues (X2)  Into your blue-blue blues
JIM	m	Eek Dorothy! You cut your hair!
DOROTHY	f	We're trying to have another baby.
JIM	m	What -- was your hair getting in the  way? Where are the kids?
JIM	m	Hey -- am I late or is this the cool  remnant of a dream?
KIDS	m	Eee! Jim! It's Uncle Jim... Come  on... what did you bring me Jim...
JIM	m	How's my girl! And how's my boy!
JIM	m	For you... Pancho gets this one...  Melanie -- yours... Hey Dorothy don't  grab now... open that one, that's  yours... keep your paws off that  now...
JIM	m	...and to you, princess, from your  Royal servant, James Douglas Morrison
RAY	m	You wanna hear the new mixes on "LA
JIM	m	No, I gotta plane to catch.
JOHN	m	Won't take long man, it's the best  one since "Days".
ROBBIE	m	We added rain to "Riders", come on.
KID	m	Ugh! What's that!
ROBIN	m	It's you.
JIM	m	Forever young...
ROBIN	m	Oh it's beautiful... Thank you Uncle  Jim.
JIM	m	I gotta admit -- that ain't bad for  four guys who weren't even talking  that day.
JOHN	m	You really gonna live in Paris man?
JIM	m	Yeah John, be anonymous, write a  book: "Observations of an American  While on Trial in Miami".
ROBBIE	m	I still think we got a couple of  great blues albums in us man.
JIM	m	I'm pinned man. Everything I do they  got a category for it, y'know.  Freedom's gone.
JOHN	m	Hey, I'm gonna miss you Jim. I'm  gonna miss the feeling of playing  music with you.
JIM	m	You can always whip the horses' eyes.  You, John, miss me?
JOHN	m	More than you think asshole.
ROBBIE	m	Well far as I'm concerned, Jim, I  made music with Dionysus man. We had  some moments on stage like no one  will ever fucking know.
JIM	m	Yeah, yeah -- and you lay off those  drugs Rob. We're gonna play again  some day.
ROBBIE	m	Jim -- "do not go gently into that  good night. Rage rage against the  dying of the light".
GIRLS	f	Come 'ere Uncle Jim, we're playing  blind man's bluff...
JIM	m	So what are you gonna be when you  grow up?
ROBIN	m	I wanna be your wife
JIM	m	I don't know, can I afford you? Pam  kinda wiped me out with her dress  store y'know...
ROBIN	m	I'll make my own dresses and you'll  see, I'll be the best wife.
DOROTHY	f	You'll never be alone Jim.
JIM	m	You know I've never been happier.  Not as much of a rush as I used to  be in y'know... this is the strangest  life I've ever known.
RAY	m	Gotta plane to catch man?
JIM	m	O?... splittling headache from which  the future is made.
RAY	m	Is Pam really there in Paris waiting?
JIM	m	Sure. The Count's there so where  else would she be? Gotta try to start  over, without all the hassles, y'know.  I think we can.
RAY	m	I never knew what you saw in that  nightmare chick man.
JIM	m	Well she is kinda flakey -- like me.  I mean she's just so vulnerable about  everything. It makes me sad man. But she's always kinda believed in  something about me y'know -- her  little picture of me as the unsung  poet -- and it's a fantasy I kinda  dig y'know, 'stead of the one I live.
RAY	m	I don't know man, I don't wanna sound  like your old man but you're only  27, you're living like you gotta get  it all in, you gotta slow down man,  you did it, you broke thru to the  other side.
JIM	m	We didn't break thru Ray, we just  pushed things a little. When you  really break thru, there's nothing  left. No music, no Doors, no God,  nothing -- only a will to power.
RAY	m	I don't believe that. You were an  American prince, man -- with overbred  genes -- No! What could've been Jim? You  could've been President. No man! What could've been Jim? We  stood here on this beach on the edge  of the Pacific that crazy summer day  in '65 -- and we knew, you and I, we  knew we were at the edge of the mind.  we were there, man. One planet, one  globe, one mind. Consciousness, we  raised it, we were there.
JIM	m	And now what?
RAY	m	Now? You've made me into Ishmael. I am  the last survivor of the Pequod. And  I exist only to tell the story of  Ahab who fought the black whale.
JIM	m	It was white Ray. You gotta stop  harpin' on that day. I was so ripped  I can hardly remember it.
RAY	m	Hey, what was that poem you once  wrote about two chicks on the pier?
JIM	m	Come on man, I gotta fly.
RAY	m	Come on. Just once.
JIM	m	In that year we had a great  Visitation of energy  Back in those days  Everything was simpler and more  confused  One summer night, going to the pier  I ran into two young girls  The blonde was called Freedom  The dark one Enterprise  We talked  And they told me this story.
MORRISON	m	Well, didja get all that?
GHOSTMAN	m	You done good, Jim, go now -- rest
ENGINEER	m	Yeah, I got it Jim.
JIM	m	Aw right. Let's get some tacos!
PAM	f	Jim... that you?
PAM	f	Jim! It was you. I always know when  it's you. Come on baby get out of the tub...  mama'll dry you off... Jim Morrison, now you stop joking  you hear me, cut it out!
PAM	f	...was it all right Jim, did you  enjoy it when it came my baby? Just  like you said it'd be?
GHOST ANNOUNCER	m	Ladies and Gentlemen, from Los Angeles  California -- The Doors!
JIM & THE DOORS	m	...have you seen the warm progress  under the stars?  Have you forgotten the keys to the  kingdom?  Have you been born yet and are you  alive?  Where is the feast we were promised?  Let's reinvent the gods, the myths  of the ages!  We need great golden copulations
JIM	m	Well, I'll tell you a story of  whiskey, mystics and men  And about the believers and how the  whole thing began  First there were women and children  obeying the moon  Then daylight brought wisdom and  sickness too soon... the moon is a  dry blood beast  We have assembled inside this ancient  and insane theatre to propagate our  lust for life and flee the swarming  wisdom of the streets we live we die  and death not ends it
JIM	m	Bird of prey, bird of prey  Flying high, flying high in the summer  sky  Bird of prey, bird of prey flying  high, flying high gently pass by  Bird of prey, bird of prey flying  high, flying high  Take me on your flight I will come again down from the wild  mountains
JIM & DOORS	m	ALRITE YEAH YEAH

