CRAIS	?	That was the scene in California's Mojave Desert three years ago today -- the historic first view of the Newcomer ship upon its dramatic arrival.  As with the assassination of John Kennedy, who among us does not remember exactly where he was that October nineteenth morning, when news first broke: that people have landed... from another star. 
FEDORCHUK	m	I remember where I was -- pissing off my balcony at the neighbor's dog! 
ALTEREZ	?	   (yells at Crais on TV) Get to the goddamn ball scores! 
CAL-TECH PROFESSOR	m	From the time mankind first gazed up at the stars there had been speculation about a visit by people from "out there."  How ironic that when that first contact was made, the two hundred and sixty thousand occupants aboard the craft were as surprised as we were about their arrival.  That they awakened from frozen hibernation to find their malfunctioning autopilot had landed them here by mistake. 
CRAIS	?	These "Newcomers," we soon learned, were a genetically-engineered race, adapted for hard labor in almost any environmental condition.  In effect, their ship was a slave ship... washed ashore on Earth with no way to get back to where they came from... 
FRESNO HOUSEWIFE	f	When the Newcomers were first let out of the ship, they were quarantined in a camp not ten miles from the town here.  You can imagine how the people around here felt about that.  But once they were releases from the camp and we got a chance to know them, we saw what nice, quiet people they really are... 
FEDORCHUK	m	Hey, Henry, how you doin' tonight? Workin' hard? 
FEDORCHUK	m	You got your green card, buddy?  You didn't leave home without it? 
SYKES	m	Jeez... they call that gang-bang a game...? 
SYKES	m	Take a hike. 
SYKES	m	Why's it have to be sour milk that these guys get wasted on?  What the hell's wrong with Jack Daniels, or Thunderbird for chrissakes?    (beat; disgusted) Slagtown.  Shit... 
SYKES	m	Hope their plumbing's the same. 
TUGGLE	?	It is.    (and Sykes gives him     a look) 
TUGGLE	?	So you gonna go, or you not gonna go? 
SYKES	m	How can I go? 
TUGGLE	?	Put on your wash-and-wear suit and your clip-on tie, have your landlady tie your shoes for you, and show up at the church.  Simple.    (beat) Me and Carol are going. 
SYKES	m	What? 
TUGGLE	?	Hey, look -- we've known Kristin since... since she was conceived in that cabin up in Big Bear. Remember?  You and Edie banged the wall so hard, me and Carol were picking plaster out of our hair for a week... 
SYKES	m	Goddammit, Tug -- I want to see Kristin get married, okay?  But-- 
TUGGLE	?	But you're bummed because your ex and her new husband are paying for the whole thing. 
SYKES	m	Shit, if Kristin had to get married where I could afford it, we'd be holding the reception at Buddy's Burgers. 
SYKES	m	Uh-oh... Check it out. 
SYKES	m	Does that look at all suspicious to you? 
TUGGLE	?	Whatever gave you that idea? 
TUGGLE	?	This is one-Henry-seven, we've got a possible two-eleven in progress at Porter's Mini-Mart, corner of Court and Alvarado.  Requesting backup. 
SYKES	m	Let's do it, partner. 
SYKES	m	You got your vest? 
TUGGLE	?	Of course.  Right in the trunk of the car. 
SYKES	m	Yeah, that's comforting.  Mine, too. 
TUGGLE	?	Watch the driver.  I'm going for a better angle on the door. 
SYKES	m	I got him.  Don't get pinned. 
SYKES	m	   (under his breath) Aw, shit. 
SYKES	m	Get outta there! 
TUGGLE	?	I can't!  Do you mind! 
SYKES	m	I'll cover you!  Get outta there!! 
OLD MAN	m	Can I get out now? 
TUGGLE	?	Move it! 
SYKES	m	Aw shit, Tug, Jesus!  Goddamn it! 
HUMAN COP	m	Whoa, whoa... hold it.  Take it easy.    (to alien on the     ground) You okay? 
JETSON	m	I am all right. 
HUMAN COP	m	I better call in. 
JETSON	m	Your hand will require attention. 
SYKES	m	Get the hell away from me!  I don't need your goddamn help. 
NATUZZI	f	Looks like a standard combat pump- action. 
MINKLER	?	It is. 
NATUZZI	f	So what punched holes clear through that car out there? 
MINKLER	?	BRI Sabot slugs.  These puppies are nasty.  Two plastic sabots fall away in flight leaving a fifty-caliber slug going two thousand feet per second.  Tug might as well've been hiding behind a rosebush. 
NATUZZI	f	Pretty heavy artillery for knocking over a liquor store. 
JETSON	m	An identical round was used in the shooting of a Newcomer named Hubley, two days ago. 
MINKLER	?	Yeah?  So why the extra fire power? 
JETSON	m	Perhaps because even the larger caliber handguns aren't always effective against my people. 
SYKES	m	   (mulls this, then) You saying there's some connection to this other homicide? 
FEMALE COP	f	Hey, give me a hand with this woman, will ya Jetson?  We've got to get her to Division for her statement and she won't budge. 
JETSON	m	   (to Sykes) Excuse me. 
SYKES	m	So, you think there's a connection, or what?  Hey! 
KRISTIN'S VOICE	m	   (bouncy, bride-to-be     happy) Hi, Daddy, it's me.  I'm over at Danny's parents' house... talking about Sunday.  I thought maybe you'd be home by now.  Anyway, uh, nothing really.  I just wanted to call and say I love you.  I love you, Daddy.    (she giggles) Uh-oh, I shouldn't'a done that. Knowing you, you'll probably pull this tape out of your machine and save it -- in that drawer where you keep every card I ever gave you, and all of my old baby teeth... gross! Anyway, Daddy, don't save this tape -- but I do love you, and I'll talk to you before Sunday.    (beat) Oh, Tug and Carol came by and met Danny last week.    (Sykes stiffens) Danny thought Tug was the greatest -- but, then, who doesn't?  Anyway, love you, talk to you soon.  'Bye. 
SYKES	m	So what've you got on Tuggle's killers? 
FEDORCHUK	m	Jesus, Sykes -- it's been less than ten hours.  Me and Alterez are on it, okay? 
SYKES	m	You don't have squat. 
FEDORCHUK	m	You ever try to make a case in Slagtown?  The list of Newcomer informants is about as long as the list of Mexican war heroes... 
ALTEREZ	?	Up yours. 
FEDORCHUK	m	... Nobody talks to nobody down there.  Half of them don't speak English and the other half only when it suits them.  It's gonna take some time. 
SYKES	m	Yeah, I know it's gonna take time. Like until the Ice Capades opens in Hell, with you two on it. 
WARNER	m	Nobody wanders off!  I got an announcement.  Get your asses back in here. 
WARNER	m	I'll make this short.  This is a directive from Chief Evaner, who is acting on orders from the Mayor, who is under mandate from the Federal Bureau of Newcomer Relations.  As of nine o'clock this morning, one Newcomer uniform officer has been promoted to the rank of Detective, third grade. 
WARNER	m	And we've got him, gentleman.    (more groans) Volunteers for duty with the new detective should see me in my office... otherwise I will choose a volunteer myself.  That is all. 
FEDORCHUK	m	Unbelievable bullshit. 
ALTEREZ	?	How long has this Slag been on the force?  A year, max -- right? 
DETECTIVE	m	I don't know about the rest of you, but I sure as hell ain't gonna sit still for this.  I'm calling the union, pronto. 
FEDORCHUK	m	Where the hell is he going? 
WARNER	m	Yeah, Sykes? 
SYKES	m	Captain.  I'd like to volunteer for duty with the new detective. 
WARNER	m	... All right.  Detective Sergeant Sykes, this is Detective... Jetson. 
JETSON	m	We have met. 
GOLDRUP	?	Victor Goldrup, Mayor's office. Congratulations, gentlemen. 
WARNER	m	   (to Sykes) You are to have nothing to do with the investigation into Bill Tuggle's death.  You know that.  Leave that for Fedorchuk. 
SYKES	m	   (nodding) Departmental policy. 
WARNER	m	   (to Jetson) You? 
JETSON	m	Yes, sir. 
WARNER	m	Good. 
SYKES	m	There's another case I'd like to take.  A homicide -- a Newcomer named Hubley. 
WARNER	m	Granger and Pitts are already on it. 
SYKES	m	Granger and Pitts have one hell of a caseload... and I would have thought with Jetson here being the first Newcomer plainclothes, and Hubley's body being found over in the Newcomer community... 
WARNER	m	Don't tell me what to think. 
GOLDRUP	?	He's got a point.  That's the sort of thing we should be doing with this early advancement program... 
SYKES	m	... and we work my hours.  I'll do the driving, you do the paperwork. You gotta learn it so you might as well do it all. 
JETSON	m	   (after a moment) Sergeant... I'd like to thank you for what you're doing. 
SYKES	m	What's that?    (then realizing) Look, Jetson.  Get this straight in your head.  We're not pals, we're not married, and we ain't gonna take long moonlight walks together... We're just partners.  And don't call me Sergeant.  Call me Sykes... or Matt if you have to. 
JETSON	m	I am George. 
SYKES	m	Wait a minute.  George?  George Jetson? 
SYKES	m	   (between laughs) Man, somebody really hung one on you!  I've heard some good ones for you guys... Humphrey Bogart, Harley Davidson.  I guess the people at immigration got a little punchy after a while, coming up with names for a quarter of a million of you. You weren't at the back of the line, were you, George? 
JETSON	m	My true name is Ss'tangya T'ssorentsa'. 
SYKES	m	Gesundheit.  You don't mind if I stick to George, do you? 
SYKES	m	Anyway, what's it matter to you if we think it's funny, right?  Whatta you care? 
JETSON	m	That is exactly so.    (completely deadpan) It is like your name... Sykes.  I'm sure it doesn't bother you at all that it sounds like "ss'ai k'ss", two words in my language which mean "excrement" and "cranium". 
JETSON	m	"Shit... head". 
SYKES	m	Let's talk Hubley. 
JETSON	m	   (refers to a folder     he holds) His body was discovered three days ago, in an alley off of Central Avenue, near downtown. 
SYKES	m	With two BRI Sabot slugs in the chest. 
JETSON	m	   (gently correcting     him) Through the chest.  Rupturing both the primary and secondary hearts. 
SYKES	m	   (out the window) Nice signal, dickwad! 
JETSON	m	He was employed at the Northwest Petroleum Refinery in Torrance.  He was manager of the Methane Facility. He was also a principle partner in a real estate venture to develop low- cost housing for Newcomers. 
SYKES	m	Terrific.  A real pillar of the community.    (beat) Was Hubley missing anything when they found him?  Was he ripped off? 
JETSON	m	   (checks file) There was no wallet... but he was still wearing a watch and two rings. 
SYKES	m	The guys at the mini-mart last night made a half-assed stab at the money in the till -- but I don't think that's what they were there for.  I think we got us a couple'a executions on our hands, George... 
JETSON	m	The murder at the mini-mart is not our case.  The Captain said-- 
SYKES	m	Look, you want to fit in here, right?  You want to learn how to get along? 
JETSON	m	Yes. 
SYKES	m	Well, there's a thing about partners, about being somebody's partner.  You do for each other. And other people's rules don't mean shit.  It's the rules set up between the two of you, that's all that counts.  Understand?    (Jetson nods) Okay.  Well, my friend and partner was shot last night and I'm after the shitbag that did it.  As my partner, I'm asking you to respect me and help me find him. 
JETSON	m	And as my partner, I ask you to respect me and my desire not to break with procedure. 
JETSON	m	What is wrong? 
SYKES	m	   (very calm) Nothing's wrong.  I just want to get something straight.  You agree that there's a good chance these two shootings are somehow related, right? 
JETSON	m	Well... yes, quite possibly. 
SYKES	m	Possibly.  Good.  Well, would you be willing to accept the theory, George, that... possibly... by examining the evidence from one case we might shed some small ray of light on the other?  Does that sound unreasonable to you? 
JETSON	m	Yes... no, it is not unreasonable. Although I-- 
SYKES	m	Great.    (a relieved sigh) Well, I'm sure glad that's settled, aren't you? 
SYKES	m	I think we're really starting to click now, George -- hmmm? 
WINTER	m	You know I've been over all this with Fedorchuk and Alterez this morning... 
SYKES	m	Come on.  You got nothin' better to do, cushy county job like yours. 
WINTER	m	Yeah, right.  Don't push your luck. Anyway, according to the sheet, the guy you nailed outside by the car-- 
SYKES	m	The human? 
WINTER	m	Yeah... he was one Martin Helder. White male, twenty-seven.  Let's see... wrap sheet shows one armed robbery conviction, a couple for sale of a controlled substance. Oh yeah, and he was wired on coke when you stopped his clock. 
JETSON	m	Have you identified this one? 
WINTER	m	So far he's a John Doe.  Or a Sam Slag, if you like. 
WINTER	m	No I.D. on him and -- well, you know, no fingerprints -- so it could be tough.  Your buddies this morning went through the mug book but couldn't make a facial match. 
SYKES	m	Fedorchuk couldn't find his ass with his hands in his back pockets. 
WINTER	m	   (referring to     Raincoat alien) You took this gut out, too, didn't you? 
SYKES	m	Yeah. 
WINTER	m	Lucky for you, you got him in both of his... well, what we loosely refer to as... hearts. 
SYKES	m	Lucky nothing.  I had to empty my damn gun into him. 
WINTER	m	That's the way these people are. You don't hit both pumps you just piss them off. 
WINTER	m	Oh, here's an extra headshot if you need one.    (hands Sykes a     polariod of dead     alien's face) We're just about to start cutting in.  You're welcome to stick around if you want.  It's really fascinating stuff. 
SYKES	m	Yeah, I'll bet. 
SYKES	m	What's this?  What's going on? 
JETSON	m	Nothing. 
SYKES	m	   (really suspicious     now) Nothing? 
JETSON	m	   (looking away) Shouldn't we examine their personal effects? 
JETSON	m	What is this? 
SYKES	m	   (looks, then) A rubber.  A condom.  You know... Coney Island whitefish?    (Jetson doesn't know     what one is) Men, human men, put them on their, uh -- penises -- to protect against having babies.    (Jetson still doesn't     get it; Sykes turns     to Ortiz) You need this for anything? 
ORTIZ	m	Nope, got my own.  Anything you guys don't use gets stuffed away in storage. 
SYKES	m	Get the picture? 
JETSON	m	   (frowning) And that fits? 
SYKES	m	Well... Yeah, it's rubber.  It stretches. 
JETSON	m	And still it fits? 
SYKES	m	What is this stuff? 
JETSON	m	It is a resin. 
JETSON	m	   (continuing) Newcomers working near methane gasses at oil refineries must paint it on their boots to protect against sparks. 
SYKES	m	How the hell do you know that? 
JETSON	m	A large number of my people were hired by refineries because the methane fumes are not harmful to us. My spouse's brother is one. 
SYKES	m	So the Slag they're cutting into upstairs worked at a refinery just like Hubley worked at a refinery.    (beat) I'd say that "possible" connection between the two cases just got a hell of a lot more possible.    (beat) Okay, next step -- I gotta go talk to the wife of the Slag store owner blown away last night. 
JETSON	m	I believe I should interview the widow alone. 
SYKES	m	Why the hell--?!    (realizes it's     because of his lack     of "bedside manner") Great, fine.  You talk to the wife. 
O'NEAL	m	   (yelling over the     roar) Mr. Hubley was an all right guy -- and a damn good manager.  The men liked him.  I'm really gonna have to scramble to fill his shoes. 
SYKES	m	Well, one of the men didn't like him so much... 
O'NEAL	m	   (looking at photo) You think this is the guy who did it? 
SYKES	m	We think he could'a been involved, yeah.  You know him? 
O'NEAL	m	To be honest, it's hard to say.  I hate to admit it but -- they all still kinda look alike to me. 
SYKES	m	   (impatient) Who else can I ask around here? 
O'NEAL	m	   (looking at photo     again) Wait.  You know who it looks like? Yeah.  Anderson.  Uh... James Anderson.  He isn't in today.  He took the afternoon off. 
SYKES	m	I think you're gonna find he's taken the rest of his life off. 
SYKES	m	That where Anderson worked? 
O'NEAL	m	Yes it is.    (some alien workers     come through the     door) Thirty-five percent pure Methane gas in there.  I don't know how these fellas do it. 
SYKES	m	Jesus.  Welcome back Ozzie and Harriet... 
JETSON	m	Mrs. Porter is not taking her husband's death well. 
SYKES	m	   (impatient) Did you learn anything? 
JETSON	m	A week ago two men came to see her husband.  After they left, he was very frightened.  She identified one of the men from a photo I showed her.  It was Hubley. 
SYKES	m	Aw-right.  What about the other guy? 
JETSON	m	She didn't know him.  But she said her son might. 
SYKES	m	Did you talk to him? 
JETSON	m	He has not been home since that day. But she told me where to find him. 
MAYOR	m	... Our guest speaker tonight has done so much in his community and for his community in such a short period of time.  And I must say, as the founder of the first Newcomer owned and operated corporation in Southern California, he certainly has come quite far in the last few years.  Granted, not as far as he came in the years before reaching Los Angeles. 
MAYOR	m	   (continuing) As Mayor of this city, it gives me great pleasure to introduce someone who has so readily made our city his home... and all of us who live here, his friends.  Ladies and gentlemen, William Harcourt. 
HARCOURT	m	Thank you all for that very warm reception.    (pauses, smiles) I'm particularly grateful because I actually had the gall to write that in my notes: "Thank you all for that very warm reception".  Imagine how embarrassed I would've been if it hadn't have been such a warm reception. 
SYKES	m	William Harcourt? 
HARCOURT	m	Yes... 
SYKES	m	I'm Sergeant Sykes, and this is Detective Jetson, Los Angeles Police Department. 
HARCOURT	m	   (nodding greeting) Sergeant... Detective.  I wasn't aware there were any Newcomers at the rank of Detective yet. 
JETSON	m	I am the first. 
HARCOURT	m	Congratulations.  This is my administrative assistant, Rudyard Kipling. 
SYKES	m	   (throw away) Rudyard Kipling?  No shit?    (to Harcourt) Listen, we just need a minute of your time... 
JETSON	m	We'd like to ask you about a business associate of your, Warren Hubley. 
HARCOURT	m	Yes, I heard about poor Warren. Tragic. 
SYKES	m	You were partners with him on some Slag -- uh, Newcomer real estate thing. 
HARCOURT	m	That's right.  He and I, along with seven or eight others.  Listen, gentlemen, I will be happy to assist you in any way I can -- unfortunately, at the moment, I'm overdue at another function. 
MAYOR	m	William... 
HARCOURT	m	Mr. Mayor... 
MAYOR	m	William, I was wondering if you wouldn't rather ride with Luisa and me.  Two limousines trying to make it across town in all this traffic, we're bound to be later than we already are. 
HARCOURT	m	Excellent idea.  Ray, I wonder if you know two of your police officers... Detective Jetson and Sykes. 
MAYOR	m	   (shaking their hands,     dismissively) A pleasure.    (to Harcourt) We really should be going. 
HARCOURT	m	   (continuing) Please feel free to call my office Monday morning for an appointment.    (to Jetson) Congratulations again on your promotion, Detective.  Remember... you're out there setting an example in our community.  I'll be keeping an eye on you. 
KIPLING	m	That cop, the human, he was the one who killed Anderson and the driver. 
HARCOURT	m	This is becoming a serious breach of security. 
KIPLING	m	He didn't recognize me. 
HARCOURT	m	It is his new partner that I'm worried about. 
SYKES	m	Go on ahead.  I'll be right in.    (to Maffet, low) What'd you dig up for me? 
MAFFET	f	You said you wanted the biggest thing I could find... Well, this is it. 
SYKES	m	What is it? 
MAFFET	f	Casull .454 Magnum.  You're talking twice the impact energy of .44 Magnum hot loads. 
SYKES	m	   (flips open cylinder) Only holds five. 
MAFFET	f	Yeah, the shells are too big for six in an cylinder.  Hell, Matt, you don't need but one. 
SYKES	m	   (sighting) No... two. 
SYKES	m	Well, let's see what you got, Cochise.  Gimme six, rapid fire. 
SYKES	m	   (continuing) How long you been shooting?  That's pitiful.  Whattya gonna do if somebody draws down on you, wave your scores on the written exam at 'em? 
JETSON	m	Why did you do it? 
SYKES	m	Why'd I do what? 
JETSON	m	Agree to work with me?  You don't like me... you don't like any of us. You have nothing but contempt for us.  And yet you become an outcast from your club of detectives by making me your partner... 
SYKES	m	My partner is dead!  Because one of you bastards killed him -- then disappeared into a rathole down in Slagtown, where he's home and dry, 'cause nobody sees nothing, nobody says nothing... 
SYKES	m	   (continuing) But he didn't figure on you, George. You're going to get me through that wall of silence.  You're going to make them talk to me.  You're going to help me find that Slag son-of-a- bitch.  Comprendo?  And if Fedorchuk and the boys in the bullpen don't like it, screw them... and if the Captain doesn't like it, screw him... and if all the Slags down in Slagtown don't like it... well screw them too! 
SYKES	m	   (to Jetson) Okay, just stay back and do what I do.  Watch and learn, watch and learn... 
SYKES	m	I can't see dick in here. 
SYKES	m	   (calling into the     dark silence) Which one'a you Slags is Porter? 
VOICE	m	   (from the back of     the bar) Who wants to know? 
SYKES	m	   (aside to Jetson) Who said that? 
JETSON	m	   (tilts his head to     indicate) At the end of the bar. 
SYKES	m	My name is Sykes.  I'm-- 
ALIEN VOICE	m	Ss'ai k'ss? 
OFFENDER	m	   (merely a voice in     the dark) Careful, ss'loka', you might hurt yourself. 
SYKES	m	You Porter? 
JETSON	m	No, Matthew.  I believe this is the one you want. 
SYKES	m	Your name wouldn't happen to be Porter, would it? 
JETSON	m	Uh, Matthew... 
SYKES	m	   (over his shoulder     to Jetson) Back off, George. 
JETSON	m	But I-- (know this man). 
SYKES	m	I'll handle it. 
SYKES	m	   (to Porter) Jesus, are the questions too tough for you already?  Let's try again--    (slowly) Is your name Porter? 
PORTER	m	Ss'kya'ta'. 
SYKES	m	   (to Jetson) What's that? 
JETSON	m	Screw you. 
SYKES	m	   (back to Porter) Screw me?  That can't be right. 
PORTER	m	Ss'kya ta' ss'loka'.  Ss'trokya' ss'lato na'! 
JETSON	m	   (to Sykes, low) You don't want to know. 
SYKES	m	Tell me. 
JETSON	m	Your mother mates out of season. 
SYKES	m	   (to Porter) That's very colorful.  But see -- now I've got a problem.  I don't seem to be getting much cooperation from you, Porter.  So I guess we're gonna have to take this little session down to my office, ya know? 
JETSON	m	Matthew, you don't have to-- (do this). 
SYKES	m	Stay back!  I'm okay. 
PORTER	m	Don't they teach you anything about us in cop school, little ss'loka'? 
JETSON	m	Enough. 
PORTER	m	   (eyeing Jetson) Ss'tangya T'ssorentsa'.  You're a cop.    (with some contempt) It fits you. 
SYKES	m	You know that guy? 
JETSON	m	   (nods) From quarantine, when my people first arrived here.  He and I were housed together. 
SYKES	m	How could a straight-arrow like you ever pick a roommate like him? 
JETSON	m	In the camps, we were lodged four to a room.  The selection process was entirely random.  We did not get to stay with our friends... or families... 
JETSON	m	You don't know what your father and these two men were arguing about? 
PORTER	m	I told you -- I was in the back of the store.  I just heard voices, muffled like. 
SYKES	m	One of the two men was Hubley, right?  What about the other one? Did you know him? 
PORTER	m	Yeah... I seen him around.  High- roller dude named Strader.  Joshua Strader.  Runs a club on the west side.  Encounters. 
SYKES	m	Yeah, I heard of it. 
PORTER	m	That's all I know.  You want anything more, you ask somebody else. 
JETSON	m	I am sorry about your father. 
JETSON	m	If I may make a suggestion... We have different weak spots than you do.  Next time, a blow to the nerve plexus under the arm, here, will produce the effect I think you were looking for. 
SYKES	m	Yeah, sure.  I knew that... 
KID	m	   (serving them) Six forty-two. 
SYKES	m	I don't think I could ever learn to read that shit.    (beat) How long did it take you to learn English? 
JETSON	m	Three months.    (off Sykes' look) We learn quickly.  We adapt.  It is our strength... what we were bred for, to adapt to hostile environments. 
JETSON	m	   (continuing) Thank you. 
SYKES	m	My neighbor's kid has a Newcomer girl in his class.  She's six years old and in seventh grade already... 
SYKES	m	Oh, God.  I think I got yours here... 
SYKES	m	   (continuing) Which one is that?  Raw what? 
JETSON	m	   (eating a strip) This is mole.  It's good. 
SYKES	m	I'll bet.    (winces, watching him     chew) Would it really put you out if they tossed that on the grill for a minute or two? 
JETSON	m	Our bodies do not assimilate the nutrients if the food has been cooked. 
SYKES	m	Oh, that's real attractive.  You got fur in your teeth, George.  Come on, man, we're gonna be talking to people... jeez. 
SYKES	m	So what was that other word for Human... Slow ka? 
JETSON	m	Ss'loka'.  It means literally "small but intelligent creature".    (Sykes looks over,     doesn't know if he     likes this) It loses much in the translation. 
SYKES	m	And what was that one about my mother?  That was a good one. 
JETSON	m	Ss'trokya ss'lato 'na'. 
SYKES	m	Yeah, that's it.  Say it slow. 
JETSON	m	You are Cassandra? 
CASSANDRA	f	That's right. 
JETSON	m	We are with the Police Department. This is Sergeant Sykes, and I am-- 
CASSANDRA	f	   (laughing) Ss'ai k'ss?  Perfect. 
SYKES	m	We're looking for your boss -- Strader. 
CASSANDRA	f	He's not here.  Why ask me? 
JETSON	m	The young woman at the front said you might know where he is. 
CASSANDRA	f	She did, did she?  Well, she was wrong.  Excuse me, I have to change. 
SYKES	m	No problem. 
SYKES	m	Look, we're not here doing an interview for the school paper. This is a homicide investigation... and if you don't stop jerkin' us around, I'm ready to start playin' hardball. 
CASSANDRA	f	   (slipping out of her     dance costume) Oooh.  Hardball.  That sounds interesting.  Are you going to strike me?  You could tie me up and then do whatever you want with me... I've got my own ropes. 
SYKES	m	   (still miming to     Jetson) Does that cost extra or you throw them in? 
CASSANDRA	f	You've got me all wrong.  I don't charge money for something that I myself find pleasurable... 
JETSON	m	I am going out to the car.  I will meet you there. 
CASSANDRA	f	Look, I don't know where Mr. Strader might be.  He comes and he goes. 
SYKES	m	   (starting to feel a     little uncomfortable) The girl out front mentioned Strader's assistant, somebody named Watson.  Maybe he knows. 
CASSANDRA	f	   (tensing slightly) Todd?  Todd doesn't know either. 
CASSANDRA	f	   (continuing) I know... Why don't you hang around for a while, let me entertain you? It's Matt, right?  Now tell me the truth, have you ever... made it... with one of us? 
SYKES	m	Not unless I got real drunk and nobody told me about it later. 
CASSANDRA	f	A virgin.  I find that very arousing... 
SYKES	m	There's lots of things I haven't done, but his ain't high on the list.  Don't take it personally. 
CASSANDRA	f	I think you're just a little scared now, about what you might find once the lights go out.  A little scared... and a lot curious.  Maybe more than you want to admit.  But doesn't that turn you on, that curiosity and fear, swirling together?    (coos) Think of it as broadening your horizons. 
SYKES	m	I like my horizons narrow. 
CASSANDRA	f	   (pressing herself     into him) Your voice is saying no, but your body is saying yes. 
SYKES	m	My voice, body, and everything else is saying I'll be back in two hours for Strader, and he better damn well be here. 
WATSON	m	   (tentatively) Yes...? 
CASSANDRA	f	   (over the intercom,     breathless) Todd, it's me.  The police were just here... looking for Strader.  And asking about you. 
SYKES	m	Freeze!  Now! 
SYKES	m	   (struggling with     Cassandra) Fire escape!  End of the hall! 
SYKES	m	   (breathing hard) I'll be damned.  It worked.    (sees Jetson run up) How'd you like that, huh?  Whammo! Both barrels.  Dropped him like a bag of cement. 
SYKES	m	Who is he? 
JETSON	m	Todd Watson.  The assistant manager. 
WATSON	m	I don't believe this.  Look at my suit.  Look at what you made me do to my car. 
SYKES	m	   (laughing) Your girlfriend put up a better fight than you did, pal. 
JETSON	m	We are looking for your employer, Joshua Strader. 
WATSON	m	He's out of town. 
JETSON	m	Why did you run? 
WATSON	m	Because you two were chasing me. 
SYKES	m	We were chasing you because you ran, you dumb son-of-a-bitch. 
JETSON	m	When will Strader return? 
WATSON	m	Who knows.  He's the boss -- he doesn't have to check in with me. 
SYKES	m	   (wearily) Watson... this is my partner here's first coupla days, and he wants to make a good impression.  Me, though, the way I feel -- this could be my last day, know what I mean?  And I'm ready to rain on you like a cow pissin' on a flat rock. 
WATSON	m	Look -- Mr. Strader hasn't been around for a coupla days.  He didn't tell me where he was going or when he'd be back.  I swear it. 
SYKES	m	   (to Jetson) What do you think? 
JETSON	m	I believe he is probably lying. 
SYKES	m	Through his ass.    (to Watson) Next time you see him, tell him to call me... unless you want us to keep coming back on you like a bad case of herpes. 
SYKES	m	George, you can handle the women from now on, you mind? 
QUINT	m	   (to other Thugs) Okay, scrape him up. 
HARCOURT	m	Any progress? 
QUINT	m	My arm's gettin' tired and so far, zip. 
KIPLING	m	He is ss'verdlatya ss'alo to Strader. 
QUINT	m	What's that mean? 
KIPLING	m	Duty-bonded.  His allegiance to Strader is above pain or life. 
QUINT	m	You tellin' me this guy would die before he'd screw his boss and work for us?  Nobody's that dumb. 
KIPLING	m	It is something you couldn't comprehend, Quint. 
HARCOURT	m	I understand you have been resisting my offer Mr. Watson.  Your sense of duty to Mr. Strader is noble, but -- no longer an issue, I'm afraid... 
HARCOURT	m	   (continuing) I will not make this offer again.  I want you to work for me, to manage the nightclub as Strader's successor. If you do, you will know a wealth and comfort our people never dared imagine... 
WATSON	m	Sss'k'a ta'! 
HARCOURT	m	It is such a pity to die for an outmoded value.    (rising) Mr. Quint, I believe it's time for our friend's swimming lesson. 
HARCOURT	m	   (to Watson) It's important to learn new skills. Essential to your growth as a person. 
QUINT	m	You never seen this before, have you, Billy?  oh, man, you ain't gonna believe it... seawater is like battery acid to these guys... I don't know what it is, some kinds chemical reaction.  Whatta you think it is, Watson?  Whoa, hold him.    (a wave breaks     outside, the foam     rolls in) What I love about the surf is you can never tell how far up it's going to come until it... whoops, got a little wet there. 
QUINT	m	Last call, sucker.  One... two... 
KIPLING	m	When we picked him up, he was talking to those two cops -- the two who came to question you about Hubley. 
HARCOURT	m	This is getting out of hand.  I want you to deal with it.  Immediately. 
HARCOURT	m	   (continuing) We must learn to embrace the things we fear... and from that grow strong. 
JETSON	m	   (holds up milk     carton) Would you mind? 
SYKES	m	   (indicates phone) So, she keeps you on a pretty short leash, does she? 
JETSON	m	My wife?  She worries about me. 
SYKES	m	Yeah... I know the routine. 
JETSON	m	You are married? 
SYKES	m	Was.  Divorced. 
JETSON	m	We mate for life.  Divorce... is a strange concept to us. 
SYKES	m	It's like having an eleventh finger removed.  It hurts like hell, but you never really needed the damn thing in the first place. 
JETSON	m	Your home is quite disordered.  I thought perhaps you had been burglarized when I walked in. 
SYKES	m	   (growling) I appreciate your honesty, George. 
SYKES	m	Ignore the bitch on the left, that's Edie.  I call her Edi Amin... This is Kristin, my daughter.  It's kinda an old picture... she's twenty now. Getting married, in fact... on Sunday. 
JETSON	m	Human children can be very beautiful.    (then) Getting married?  Congratulations. You will be taking Sunday off, then... 
SYKES	m	   (uneasy) Maybe not... I don't know.  I'm not sure I'm gonna go.    (mumbles) She doesn't need her burn-out of a father there... 
JETSON	m	   (upbeat) I must show you...    (flips open wallet,     shows four crisp     photos of his wife) And this is Richard.  My son.  He's four years old.  We named him after the former President, Richard Nixon. 
SYKES	m	You open to a piece of advice?  Tell people you named him after Richard Burton, the actor.  Just take my word for it. 
SYKES	m	... and so, and so the doctor says, "If this is the thermometer, then where'd I leave the pen?"    (laughs raucously,     Jetson doesn't     react) You're not... you don't think that's funny?  George, work with me, I always get a laugh with that one. Look, if the doctor's got the thermometer in his hand, then where's his pen gotta be? 
JETSON	m	   (straight-faced) In the other man's rectum. 
SYKES	m	   (laughing) Sticking out of his ass... yeah! See, that's what makes it a joke. There's like a surprise, and your mind fills in the funny picture. Here's this guy with a pen stuck in his ass and he thinks it's a thermometer.    (Jetson just blinks) Nada, huh? 
SYKES	m	   (continuing) Your health... 
JETSON	m	Ta ss'trakyona'... 
JETSON	m	There is so much our two peoples don't understand about each other. 
SYKES	m	No shit, Holmes.  You're only from another goddamn planet, for chrissakes. 
JETSON	m	You humans are very curious to us. You invite us to live among you, in an atmosphere of equality we've never known before.  You lay before us a beautiful green world, full of freedoms and opportunities... You give us ownership of our lives for the first time... and you ask no more of us than you do of yourselves: to live by the rules... rules that aren't made to keep one people subordinate to another, but rules that exist to preserve equality.  You aspire to very high ideals here. 
JETSON	m	   (continuing) I hope you can understand how special your world is... how unique a people you humans are.  So it us all the more painful and confusing to us that so few of you seem capable of living up the the ideals you set for yourselves. 
SYKES	m	Don't count on me, George.  I never had any ideals. 
JETSON	m	We don't understand the hatred, the contempt.  But we must bear it... we must not react in anger... because our situation here is still fragile. The separationists would see us returned to the quarantine camps. The fundamentalists say we have no more human rights than dogs or cats. But the prejudice we face here is so insignificant compared to the pain that we've known before.  And that is why we are so grateful. 
SYKES	m	Yeah, well... except I did hear you eat your dead. 
JETSON	m	   (deadpan) Only on Fridays. 
SYKES	m	You son-of-a-bitch.  You're okay. 
JETSON	m	I'm going home. 
SYKES	m	Yeah, go home.  Get some sleep.  You do sleep, don't you? 
SYKES	m	What a wildman... 
SYKES	m	This better be good news or money. 
JETSON	m	Hold this.    (lurching to the     sink) I feel very terrible. 
SYKES	m	Where'd you get this?!! 
JETSON	m	A man, a human, was wiring it to your car.  I didn't get a good look at him.    (then, registering     that it's day;     panicked) I must call my wife... 
JETSON	m	She's going to divorce me. 
SYKES	m	George, she's not gonna divorce you. You mate for life, remember? 
JETSON	m	She's very progressive.  I'm certain she's considering it. 
SECRETARY	f	You guys are looking for somebody named Strader, right? 
SYKES	m	Yeah. 
SECRETARY	f	Fedorchuk and Alterez just phoned in.  They found him.    (Sykes and Jetson     react) Or at least what's left of him, washed up on the beach at Zuma. 
SECRETARY	f	   (continuing; handing     over  the message     slip) They're still there if you wanna catch them. 
SYKES	m	Well, let's roll, George. 
JETSON	m	   (with a stricken     expression) To the... to the beach? 
SYKES	m	Come on, let's go, dude.  Surf's up! 
JETSON	m	Stop the car. 
SYKES	m	Why? 
JETSON	m	Please, I must get out here. 
SYKES	m	Come on, you won't have to get near the water. 
JETSON	m	Stop the car! 
SYKES	m	All right, okay.  Keep your pantyhose on.  Jeez, when in doubt, freak out, for chrissake. 
SYKES	m	   (continuing) It's all right, George.  It's cool. Just wait here, all right?  I'll be back in a coupla minutes. 
JETSON	m	Thank you. 
FEDORCHUK	m	Found his wallet in his jacket pocket.  Joshua Strader, big as life. 
CORONER'S TECH	m	Jesus, what a mess.  It's gonna be a bear to make a positive determination, but it looks to me like he was shot before being tossed in the drink.  At least twice--    (indicates where     hearts  would've     been on the body) -- here, and here. 
SYKES	m	How're you two doing on Tuggle's killer? 
ALTEREZ	?	The store owner's son is in a street gang, so now we're thinking maybe it's gang related. 
SYKES	m	Yeah, that's real good.  You guys follow up on that for a coupla months. 
FEDORCHUK	m	Look at your dildo partner.  He's too scared to even come down to the sand.    (calls up to Jetson,     even though he's too     far away to hear) You're not gonna get wet standing here, moron! 
SYKES	m	I'd like to see you next to a sea of hydrochloric acid, Fedorchuk... see how much surfin' you'd do. 
SYKES	m	Cute. 
FEDORCHUK	m	Well, if it isn't Detective Jetson. Forget you hip waders, big guy? 
SYKES	m	Lay off, asshole. 
FEDORCHUK	m	I may be an asshole, but at least I'm a real detective, not some outer shit space thing. 
SYKES	m	Yeah?  you're a real honest-to-god detective...? 
SYKES	m	   (continuing) Then detect these! 
JETSON	m	What was that about? 
SYKES	m	   (embarrassed that he     defended Jetson) Nothing. 
SYKES	m	... So we've got three guys dead. All Newcomers, all killed the same way -- execution style. 
JETSON	m	Warren Hubley was in middle management at a refinery... Joshua Strader operated a successful bar and nightclub... 
SYKES	m	... and Porter ran a piece of shit mom-and-pop mini-mart.    (beat) So what the hell's the connection? 
SYKES	m	You guys finished the postmortem on Strader yet? 
WINTER	m	   (his mouth full) You mean the Blob?  They're finishing up now. 
JETSON	m	Is Bentner here?  I must speak with him. 
WINTER	m	He went home early -- his kid was sick. 
WINTER	m	   (continuing) Yeah, but he left something for you. 
WINTER	m	   (continuing) Does this have something to do with the test he ran that he wouldn't tell me about? 
SYKES	m	   (getting very curious     and suspicious now) What kind of test? 
WINTER	m	Looking for some foreign compound in the blood of that alien you dropped the other day. 
SYKES	m	Did he find anything? 
SYKES	m	   (to Jetson) Well? 
JETSON	m	It is nothing. 
SYKES	m	What's this nothing shit?  It wasn't nothing yesterday when you asked Bentner to run that test and he looked like he was about to shit peach pits, and it's not nothing now.  Don't lie to me, George, you're bad at it. 
JETSON	m	   (distant, closed) You must leave me alone on this. 
SYKES	m	No, see, I don't leave you alone... I'm your partner.  I don't work that way... Tug didn't work that way. 
SYKES	m	   (continuing) No secrets, goddammit!  You don't hold back from me.  Whatever is going on, you're gonna tell me now! 
JETSON	m	   (agonizing) No.  I cannot involve you.  This is not your concern. 
SYKES	m	The hell it isn't, when somebody wires up enough C-4 explosive to my car to turn me into pink mist!    (beat) That Slag was on something, and not sour milk, either?  Am I right?    (he has backed Jetson     to the wall by sheer     force of will) TELL ME!  What is it? 
JETSON	m	   (finally) ... It is called ss'jabroka'.  To us it is a potent narcotic. 
SYKES	m	How potent? 
JETSON	m	Like your cocaine, I suppose.  The "high" lasts several hours.  We would receive small amounts of it... as a reward for our labor. 
SYKES	m	We?  You've taken it? 
JETSON	m	We all did. 
SYKES	m	Where did he get it?  Was there any of it on the ship? 
JETSON	m	No... I am sure not.  That is why I am so concerned... someone must now be producing it here.    (emphatically) But none of my people know how to make it.  The process was carefully guarded. 
SYKES	m	   (as the enormity     sinks in) Jesus, this is major.    (then) Why didn't you tell me sooner? Why'd you hold out on me? 
JETSON	m	Your people don't know about this part of out past.  And they can't know -- It would threaten our entire existence here. 
SYKES	m	George... look me in the eye... George, you don't ever lie to me again. 
JETSON	m	I must trust you, Matthew.  I cannot stop this without you. 
SYKES	m	George?  How about you drive... 
SYKES	m	There's gotta be some other connection. 
OPERATOR	m	Here's Hubley.    (scanning it) Left Quarantine on November thirtieth, relocated first to Riverside, then moved to Los Angeles early in February the following year.  Field of expertise: chemical manufacturing.  Looks like he passed up several other better paying jobs waiting for that one at the refinery. 
SYKES	m	Try Joshua Strader, will ya, darlin'? 
OPERATOR	m	For you, anything. 
OPERATOR	m	   (continuing, reading     from screen) Released on November twenty-ninth. Came immediately to L.A.  Ten weeks after arriving he took over the abandoned club which is now Encounters. 
JETSON	m	   (to Operator) Now the store owner, please.  Cecil Porter. 
OPERATOR	m	Released December one.  He and his wife moved first to Modesto, then Coalinga, California -- wherever that is -- settled in L.A. in April.  Field of expertise: organic chemical engineering.  He and his wife have one child, a son. 
SYKES	m	Yeah -- we met him.  Wonderful boy... close personal friend of George's here. 
OPERATOR	m	I'm sorry, Matt.  Nothing here seems to be matching up... 
SYKES	m	Holy shit...    (to Jetson) Look what we're staring at: three Newcomers with nothing in common, right?  What if it's just one other guy who killed these three?    (Jetson looks at him     blankly) Three and one make four.  Four Newcomers... of totally different backgrounds...    (Jetson still doesn't     get it) You and the store owner's son -- that punker! 
JETSON	m	... Quarantine. 
SYKES	m	Can you dig up their Quarantine records in this thing? 
OPERATOR	m	Sure.  Just a minute. 
OPERATOR	m	   (to herself) Porter was in Lodge seven seven two. 
HARCOURT	m	Quite lovely...    (best) What is your name again? 
CASSANDRA	f	   (flinching     involuntarily at     his touch) Cassandra. 
HARCOURT	m	   (a chilling smile) I will have to remember that... 
JETSON	m	They had months in quarantine to develop the plan.  Porter, with his chemistry background, must have somehow come up with the formula for the drug.  Hubley manufactured it -- at the refinery.  Strader, through the nightclub, established a distribution network.  And Harcourt-- 
SYKES	m	Harcourt was the brain who brought it all together. 
SYKES	m	Okay, George -- we gotta play this real smart. 
JETSON	m	If the drug is here, we must destroy it. 
SYKES	m	No, George -- you're missing the point.  The drug is evidence.  We need to have the evidence, ya know? 
SYKES	m	   (continuing) That's the guy... 
O'NEAL	m	Hey, what are you, crazy?!  You can't come in here like this!  Hey! 
SYKES	m	So much for playing it smart... 
SYKES	m	   (tentatively     stepping closer) Is that it...? 
SYKES	m	Uh, George... 
JETSON	m	   (in O'Neal's face) Where is the drug?  Where have they taken it? 
O'NEAL	m	   (choking) What drug?  This is an oil refinery, you... 
JETSON	m	   (pushing harder) 
O'NEAL	m	   (unable to breathe) You... can't do... this! 
SYKES	m	George, uh... you're gonna break his little chest bones... 
JETSON	m	Stay out of this, Matthew.    (to O'Neal) Tell me where the drug has been taken or I will crush your lungs against this wall. 
SYKES	m	Don't piss him off, O'Neal.  When he gets like this, I can't control him. I've seen this before.  He got like this once -- I saw him jerk a guy's spine out and show it to him. Nothing I could do.  I hadda go throw up. 
O'NEAL	m	   (at length, with     great effort) ... They took the stuff out, all of it -- this afternoon. 
JETSON	m	How much? 
O'NEAL	m	About fifty kilos... of concentrate... and some street grade... in tubes. 
JETSON	m	Where have they taken it? 
O'NEAL	m	Encount... Encounters Club. 
SYKES	m	George, c'mon -- lighten up.  It's a beauty of a case.  Don't sweat it -- we got him by the short hairs. He ain't gonna make any more of the shit. 
JETSON	m	The fifty kilos, Matthew.  I have to find it.  I can't let it get out on the street. 
SYKES	m	Why?  What's the big goddamn deal? 
SYKES	m	   (continuing; as     Jetson starts the     car You destroy that drug, you destroy the case.  Don't blow the whole thing now by not following procedure. 
JETSON	m	   (through the open     driver's window) Fuck procedure. 
SYKES	m	Hey!! 
SYKES	m	GEORGE!  GODDAMMIT!! 
SYKES	m	Police.  Get out.  I need this thing.  Out, now! 
JETSON	m	I am here to take Harcourt.  Where is he? 
CASSANDRA	f	In there. 
JETSON	m	   (pulling his gun) Show me. 
HARCOURT	m	   (to alien dealers) It's been a long time, hasn't it, gentlemen? 
HUMAN DEALER	m	What is it? 
HARCOURT	m	A sweet indulgence from out past... resurrected for our future. 
HARCOURT	m	   (continuing; to     alien  dealers) Please feel free to sample the quality.  The experience will be everything you remember it to be... 
ALIEN DEALER	m	Where'd you get it? 
HARCOURT	m	I arranged to spend some time with three very resourceful men.  With a certain amount of coaxing, one of them was able to reconstitute the formula for me.    (beat) They worked very well together. Unfortunately, they are no longer with us... but I was fortunate enough to reap the benefit of their endeavor. 
HUMAN DEALER	m	Let me try some.    (he does,     immediately spits     it out) Jesus!  Tastes like detergent! 
HARCOURT	m	And that's all the effect it will have on you.  But when my fellow Newcomers learn they can obtain it here, they will work very hard... to make as much money as they can... to give it to me. 
VOICE	m	You haven't told him all of it. 
QUINT	m	He's got the C-4 charge! 
QUINT	m	   (continuing) Just take it real casual, buddy. Keep your finger on that button and don't do nothing squirrely. 
HARCOURT	m	If you release that button, you not only kill us, but yourself. 
JETSON	m	To get you and that--    (indicates drug in     suitcase) -- I would do it. 
JETSON	m	Everyone up against that wall. Very slowly.    (to Harcourt) Except you. 
HARCOURT	m	One small matter seems to have escaped your attention.  That--    (indicates suitcase) -- is not on any books as a controlled substance.  Legally it might as well be fifty kilos of... grape jelly. 
JETSON	m	The charge is murder... and conspiracy to commit murder. Hubley, Porter, Strader... probably others. 
CASSANDRA	f	You... you killed Strader? 
CASSANDRA	f	Where's Todd?!  Did you do something to Todd?! 
HARCOURT	m	Todd?  Who is Todd.    (then remembers;     smiles) Ah, poor Mr. Watson. 
JETSON	m	NOOO! 
KIPLING	m	I got it! 
HARCOURT	m	Kill them both. 
KIPLING	m	Here? 
HARCOURT	m	   (raging) Do it! 
ALIEN DEALER	m	Don't shoot, man -- we're unarmed -- look! 
SYKES	m	You okay? 
CASSANDRA	f	   (dazed, but all     right) Yeah... 
HARCOURT	m	Here! 
JETSON	m	This way! 
JETSON	m	Slow traffic on your right... you're clear at the left rear...    (Sykes changes lanes) Careful, red light ahead... 
JETSON	m	Yellow light ahead turning red... 
JETSON	m	   (continuing; wide-     eyed) Red light!  Red light! 
JETSON	m	Green light, Matthew.    (Sykes doesn't     respond) Green light! 
SYKES	m	Shit! 
JETSON	m	Ss-ai! 
SYKES	m	Move your goddamned cars! 
JETSON	m	There! 
SYKES	m	Move a finger, Harcourt, and you're history... 
HARCOURT	m	No, Sergeant -- not history...    (beat) Eternity... 
JETSON	m	With Harcourt and Kipling dead, I assume you will be requesting reassignment now. 
SYKES	m	   (cool) It'd be for your own good.  I think you'd be better off with a partner who's a little more... by the book.    (smiles) ... Still, I gotta tell you, George, for a quiet guy, you're sure hell on wheels once you get going.  I'd kinda hate to miss your next two days as a detective. 
WILTEY	?	I'll give you guys a lift to the station.  They're waiting to take your statements on the shootings. 
SYKES	m	   (to Jetson) Let's go, partner.    (then casually     correcting Wiltey     as he rises) And it's shooting.  Singular. 
WILTEY	?	They said two. 
SYKES	m	Nope.  I didn't shoot Harcourt... he o.d.'d. 
DRIVER	m	So it's just me and her left in the hot tub, right? 
ATTENDANT	?	You and the blonde? 
DRIVER	m	No, man, the redhead.  The blonde's gone in the house with some other guy.  But a few minutes later she comes back out, alone, when me and the redhead are going at it fast and furious in the tub, ya know... and she sees us, and... she climbs right in with us... 
ATTENDANT	?	You're full of shit! 
DRIVER	m	I swear it!  If I'm lyin', I'm dyin'... 
JETSON	m	You are certain this is the route they would have taken? 
WILTEY	?	I'm not positive -- but probably. 
SYKES	m	   (warily) What's this about, George?  I know that look. 
JETSON	m	   (spots something out     a side window) There!  Go back.  Down that side street. 
JETSON	m	No!    (both Sykes and     Wiltey look at him) We must do this alone. 
SYKES	m	Do what?!  George-- ?! 
WILTEY	?	Oh, God... 
WILTEY	?	I'm calling for back up, now. 
JETSON	m	Wiltey, no. 
SYKES	m	What is this?! 
JETSON	m	   (low) ... It's Harcourt. 
SYKES	m	Harcourt is dead. 
JETSON	m	No he's not.  Not if he overdosed on the drug.    (searches for the     words) Massive amounts trigger a... a change.  Your body functions seize up, you appear to be dead, but it's really a state of incubation.  When you emerge you're... 
SYKES	m	   (looks at the four     bodies sprawled     before him) Tell me about it... 
SYKES	m	I never thought I'd say this, but -- for once in my life I think I'm willing to wait for back-up. 
JETSON	m	We can't let him get away. 
SYKES	m	Why the hell are you so dead set against back-up? 
JETSON	m	   (a difficult     admission) Because... because of what will happen if humans see what we are capable of becoming. 
SYKES	m	But there's no more drug. 
JETSON	m	You understand that.  But how many others will? 
WILTEY	?	There he is! 
JETSON	m	Wiltey! 
HARCOURT	m	   (his voice a guttural     rumble) Looking for me, Sergeant? 
JETSON	m	On that boat -- out there! 
CAPTAIN	m	Hey! 
JETSON	m	Take it down!  Take it down! 
JETSON	m	   (to Pilot) 
PILOT	m	I CAN'T IT'LL DITCH! 
JETSON	m	   (to Pilot) Take it up! 
PILOT	m	What the hell was that down there? It was weird. 
SYKES	m	Looked like every other damn slag to me.  Just plain ugly. 
SYKES	m	How do I look? 
JETSON	m	You look very good. 
KRISTIN	f	Ready, Daddy...? 
SYKES	m	George, uh... I want to apologize now, in advance, for all the rotten things I'll ever say or do to you over the years. 
JETSON	m	That is all right, Matthew.  After all, you are only human. 
SYKES	m	   (under his breath) What a wildman... 

