Hello, we'd like you to have this flower from the Religious Consciousness Church. Yeah, I think he is. Hey, Fred! Hi, Jack!!! Hello, we'd like you to have this flower from the Church of Consciousness. Would you like to make a donation? No, we gave at the office. Please put your metal objects on this tray. Taxi! Back in a minute. Hey, Joe, where's the forklift? The forklift? It's over there by the baggage loader. Elaine! I came home early and found your note. I guess you meant for me to read it later. Elaine, I've got to talk to you. I know things haven't been right for a long time, but it'll be different. If you'll just be patient, I can work things out. Don't you feel anything for me at all any more? What a pisser. This is Captain Oveur. I've got it! All right. Give me Hamm on five, hold the Mayo. Look, you'll be back in town tomorrow night. We'll have dinner -- talk it over. Elaine, not yet. I promise you I really can change. You know I haven't been able to get near an airplane since the war. And even if I could, they wouldn't hire me because of my war record. You expect me to believe that? But if you'll just give me... Hello, we'd like you to have this... Any word on that storm lifting over Salt Lake, Clarence? Unlikely, Victor. I just reviewed the Area Report for 1609 hours through 2400 hours. That's an occluded front stalled over the Dakotas -- backed up all the way to Utah. If it decides to push over into the Great Lakes it could get plenty soupy. How about the southern route, around Tulsa? I double checked the terminal forecast and winds aloft. IFR ceilings all the way. Where do they top out? Well, there's some light scattered cover at twenty thousand with icing around eighteen. Looks like the original flight plan over Denver is still the best bet. Denver it is. Sorry, Clarence. Latest weather report shows everything socked in from Salt Lake to Lincoln. Hi, Roger. Good to have you aboard. Victor, this is Roger Murdock. How do you do, Roger? Do you believe those goddamn Steelers? Can you imagine blitzing on third and long with two minutes in the game? Well, hell, they couldn't stay in zone coverage with Dallas running swing patterns! What did you think of 'Great Expectations?' You promise you'll write. Better get on board, son. Can you tell me if Elaine Dickinson is on this flight? Well, the whole flight crew has boarded. Yes. She is on board. I'd like one ticket to Chicago. No baggage! Smoking or non-smoking? Smoking, please. Yeah, man, he ain't never goin' come on layin' no pig rap off you, man. Fourteen-B. It's halfway down on your right. Thank you. Yes. No. I've been nervous lots of times. I used to be a pilot myself...during the war. Two-zero-niner to ground control. We are loaded and ready to taxi. Good-bye, darling. I will. Don't worry, I won't. Okay, here -- hurry! Good-bye, darling. So long, darling. Good-bye. Take care of yourself. Good-bye, darling. Good-bye, darling. Roger. Huh? Roger. Huh? Request vector...over. What? We have clearance, Clarence. Roger, Roger. What's our vector, Victor? Do you feel all right, sir? Oh -- I haven't flown for a long time. Elaine, I've got to talk to you. Yes, I know. Things used to be different. I remember when we first met. It was during the war. We laughed, we talked, we danced, I never wanted it to end and I guess I still don't. But enough about me. I hope this hasn't been boring for you. It's just that when I start to talk about Elaine, I get so carried away -- I lose all track of time -- not unlike Oliver in 'Jesus: the Man.' I happened to be passing, and I thought you might like some corfee. Thank you. Cream? Were you vacationing in Los Angeles? No. I'm from Washington, D.C. I'm a lobbyist for the Small Businessmen's Assocation. Yes. Steak for Joey and my wife and I will have the fish. When can I see the cockpit, Dad? Well, I think that the pilots are too busy flying the plane for that, Joey. Aw, gee whiz. Gee! That'd be swell! 'Ey ma' muh fuh wha' fo', shi! Shi' mo cain ma foh mess wi' ain?! May I take your dinner order? No, thank you, we brought our own vegetables. But we would like some hot water for our tea, please. Did you catch the jugs on that broad? My orders came through. My squadron ships out tomorrow. I'll be leading a very important mission. I love you, Elaine. Roger, Denver. Hello. Hi. Come on up here. You can see better. Joey, here's something we give our special visitors. Would you like to have it? Thank you. Thanks a lot! Have you ever been in a cockpit before? No, sir. I've never been up in a plane before. Have you ever seen a grown man naked? Do you want me to check the weather, Clarence? No, why don't you take care ot it? Joey can stay up here for a while if he'd like to. Could I? Flight two-zero-niner to Denver radio. Climbing to cruise at forty-two thousand. Will report again over Lincoln. Over and out. Wait a minute. I know you. You're Kareem Abdul Jabbar. You play basketball for the Los Angeles Lakers! I'm sorry, son, but you must have me confused with someone else. My name is Roger Murdock. I'm the co-pilot. Ah, Victor, why don't you get the coordinates on the altitude vector and find out the ratio of direct velocity over engine speed? You are Kareem. I've seen you play. My Dad's got season tickets! I think you should go back to your seat now, Joey. Right, Clarence? No, he's not bothering anyone. Let him stay up here. All right. But just remember, my name is Roger Murdock. I'm an airline pilot. Ah, Clarence, according to my calculations, with this tailwind we ought to be able to make up an additional fifteen minutes over the Rockies. I think you're the greatest. But my Dad says you don't work hard enough on defense. Denver Control, this is Flight two-zero- niner intersecting Victor Airway seven- niner-niner. ...and that lots of times you don't even run down court. We are turning left to a heading of zero- niner-niner. ...and that you don't really try, except during the playoffs. The hell I don't! I'm out there busting my buns every night. Listen, kid, I've been hearing that crap ever since I was at UCLA. Tell your old man to drag Unseld and Lanier up and down the court for forty-eight minutes. Ah...Denver Control, this is Flight two- zero-niner continuing on a heading two- niner-niner...niner, ah...niner...niner. Elaine, just hear me out. I know things haven't been right for a long time. But it will be different...like it was in the beginning. Remember? That's the way I've always wanted it to be, Elaine. Headquarters!? What is it? Is it? Because of my mistake six men didn't return from that raid. I wish I could say the same for George Zipp. All right. Take five. That's Captain Geline. He thinks he's a pilot, still fighting the war. That's Lieutennt Hurwitz. Severe shell shock. He thinks he's Ethel Merman. Excuse me, sir. Would you like some coffee before we serve dinner? No. No thank you. Would either of you like another cup of coffee? Yes, I think I will have another cup of coffee. Excuse me, Sister? There's a little girl on board who's ill and... Could I borrow your guitar? I thought I might be able to cheer her up. Is it all right if I talk to your daughter? Hi! I'm Randy. I thought maybe you'd like to hear a song. Okay, this is one of my favorites. 'I've traveled the banks of the River Jordan, to find where it flows to the sea.' 'I looked in the eyes of the cold and the hungry and saw that I was looking at me.' 'And I wanted to know if life had a purpose, and what it all means in the end. In the silence I listened to the voices inside me, and they told me again and again.' 'There is only one river. There is only one sea.' 'And it flows through you, and it flows through me. There is only one people, we are one and the same.' 'We are all one spirit, one name. We are the Father, we are the son.' 'In the Dawn of Creation. We are one.' 'We are only one people, we are one and the same.' 'We are all one spirit on Earth, one name.' Hey, we've been waiting for you. A little bit late tonight. Go ahead, Clarence, I got it. Not so good. We've got some heavy stuff ahead of us. It might get rough again unless we can climb on top. But our airspeed is holding steady at six hundred ten knots. After the war, I just wanted to get as far away from things as possible. So Elaine and I joined the Peace Corps. We were assigned to an isolated tribe, the Molombos. I think they're getting the hang of it! When we re-enlist I'll teach them baseball! A lot of people made plans before the war. Like George Zipp. We did come back to the States. I tried a number of jobs...Well, I could go on for hours, but I'd probably start to bore you. You know, I really couldn't blame Elaine. She wanted a career. I was offered a job at Boeing but I couldn't bring myself to take it... What is it? Airsick? Find out if there's a doctor on board, as quietly as you can. Joey, have you ever been in a Turkish prison? Oooh, I shouldn't have had that second cup of coffee. Thank you, Omaha. Two-zero-niner out. Victor, we're running into a heavy storm, can you... Victor! Roger, take over! I can't tell. You can tell me. I'm a doctor! No. I mean I'm just not sure. Well...not for another two hours. No, I mean we can't land for another two hours. Fog has closed down everything this side of the mountains. We've got to go through to Chicago! Get him out of there! What is it, Doctor? What's happening? We have two more sick people, and the rest of the passengers are worried. I'll take care of the passengers. Elaine, find out what the two sick people had for dinner. This is Captain Oveur speaking. Meanwhile, relax and enjoy the rest of your flight. Okay? Okay! That should do it. Chicago, this is flight two-zero-niner. We're in trouble. We read you. Stand by, two-zero-niner. Yes? Well, the doctor will be with you in just a moment. One thing: do you know what he had for dinner? Oh, it's nothing to be alarmed about. We'll get back to you very quickly. Turn...on...automatic pilot. Chief, there's fog down to the deck everywhere east of the Rockies. There's no possible place they can land. They'll have to come through to Chicago. It's unbelievable! How many times have I warned those people about food inspection? The airport management, the F.A.A., and the airlines, they're all cheats and liars! All right, let's get out of here. Sorry to bother you. We were just looking for someone with flying experience. Hari Rama? Rama Rama. You see, the day we left the village it was raining, so we had to take a special jeep to the main road... In fact, we were lucky to even get a jeep since just the day before the only one we had broke down -- it had a bad axle... Excuse me, sir. There's been a little problem in the cockpit and I was wondering... The cockpit? What is it? It's the little room at the front of the plane where the pilots sit. But that's not important right now. The first officer is ill and the Captain would like someone with flying experience to help him with the radio. Do you know anything about planes? Well, I flew in the war, but that was a long time ago. I wouldn't know anything about it. Would you go up, please? Would ya like a little whiskey, ma'am? The stewardess said... Both pilots! Surely you can't be serious. Well, I flew single-engine fighters in the Air Force, but this plane has four engines. It's an entirely different kind of flying...all together!!! Besides, I haven't touched any �kind of plane in six years. Chief? It's your wife. No, we can't do that; the risk of a flameout is too great. Keep him 24,000. No, feet! One of the passengers is going to land that plane. Possible, but it's a hundred to one shot. Thousand to one. I know this guy. His name is Ted Striker. I flew with him during the war. And that won't make my job any easier tonight. Ted Striker was a crack flight leader up to a point. But he was one of those men who, well, let's just say he felt too much inside. Maybe you know the kind. It takes a certain type to perform under pressure. Striker didn't have it. Ate his heart out over every name on the casualty lists. The upshot of it is that he went all to pieces on one particular mission. Let's just hope it doesn't happen again tonight. Let's see, altitude twenty-four thousand feet, level flight, air speed four hundred sixty knots, course zero niner zero, trim, mixture, landing gear, balance. That's what I've been trying to tell these people. Let's see. Those are the flaps, that's the thrust, this must turn on the landing lights. Mayday! Yeah, I was just trying out the landing lights. Calm down. Get hold of yourself! Stewardess, let me handle this. Get hold of yourself! Get hold of yourself! This guy doing the flying has no airline experience at all. He'll be a menace to himself and everything else in the air... ...Yes, birds too. All right, Steve, let's face a few facts. As you know, I flew with this man, Striker, during the war. He'll have enough on his mind without remembering those days when -- well, when things weren't so good. Let me tell you something, Steve. Striker was a top-notch squadron leader -- a long time ago... ...but my feeling is that when the going gets rough upstairs tonight, Ted Striker's gonna fold up. Very well then. Put Striker on the speaker. Striker, Striker, this is Captain Rex Kramer speaking. Yes, Captain Kramer. Read you loud and clear. All right. It's obvious you remember me. So what do you say you and I just forget about everything except what we have to do now? You and I are going to bring this plane in together. Before we start, I'd like to say something. I know that right now things must look pretty rough up there. But if you do what I tell you, when I tell you to do it, there's no reason you can't bring that plane in. Let's not kid each other, Kramer. You know I've never flown a bucket like this. I'm going to need all the luck there is. Stand by, Striker. The one hope we have is to build this man up. I've got to give him all the confidence I can. All right, Striker, have you ever flown a multi-engine plane before? Shit! All right, Striker, now you listen to me and you listen close. Flying is no different than riding a bicycle...it just happens to be a lot harder to put baseball cards in the spokes. Now, if you just follow my instructions... First, I want you to familiarize yourself with the controls. Later we'll run through the landing procedure. All right. Now I'd like you to disengage the automatic pilot. But watch any violent movement of the controls, like you used to make in Spitfires and Phantoms. Okay, I'm going to unlock the automatic pilot. Yes! The stewardess is here with me! The radio's all yours now. And keep an eye on that number three engine. It's running a little hot. And a little ice. Sluggish. Like a wet sponge. It's a damn good thing he doesn't know how much I hate his guts. Oooooooh. Can I get something for you? Cain fo' gwine sho fi cun for. I'm sorry. I don't understand. Tell him to relax and I'll be back as quickly as I can with some medicine. Shi man I ain neba mo fo gwine ain. How ya doing, honey? Here. After my wife died, I felt like a fifth wheel. You know, so many years being with one person -- a very wonderful person -- makes you always think of yourself as part of a pair...When Ethel passed away, I was lost. I couldn't function socially and I couldn't function in business. But I think it's time we stopped talking about me. A woman like you -- why haven't you ever married? I know the answer -- Career. A smart woman like you became so involved in your work, you didn't have time for marriage. You know, here we are having coffee together, and discussing education and business and economy...and we don't even know each other's names...full names I mean. That's a lovely name. Mine's Milton...Milt Ettenhenim. But my friends call me 'Bubbles.' Would you care for a soft drink? Steve, this weather bulletin just came off the wire. Did you finish? Was I good? Would you care for another drink? What's going on? We have a right to know the truth! Chicago, the passengers are beginning to panic. When do we start down? Not just yet, we'll have you in radar range any second now. I don't understand it. He should have been in range ten minutes ago. About two more minutes, Chief. That's impossible. They're on instruments! This is gonna be a real sweat. Gunderson, let me know when you get anything. Steve, these reporters won't leave without a statement. How much longer can the sick passengers hold out? Who's flying the plane? Have the families been notified? What are the chances of bringing this plane in safely? All right, boys. Let's get some pictures. Shana, they bought their tickets, they knew what they were getting into. I say, let 'em crash! Yes, everything they've got. How are the passengers doing? Surely there must be something you can do. No, I'm not dead. Doctor Rumack, I'm scared. I've never been so scared. And besides, I'm twenty-six and I'm not married. Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy. No, the risk of fire is too great. If she starts burning, you write off all those people who can't get out of there on their own power. No. A belly landing isn't all that simple. It takes a good pilot to keep from smearin' himself all over the runway. His only shot's with the wheels down. I've seen foam tear a man's guts out. That's a risk we'll just have to take. Rats! I've lost number three. Oil pressure. I forgot to check the oil pressure. When Kramer hears about this, the shit's gonna hit the fan. I told him to watch that oil temperature. What the hell's he doing up there? Striker, that plane can't land itself! It takes a pilot who can handle pressure. He's right. I can't take the pressure. I was crazy to think I could land this plane. I don't care. I just don't have what it takes. They'd be better off with someone who'd never flown before. Bad news. The fog's getting thicker. All right, but let's wait until they reach the control area. I know what you're going to say, so save your breath. George Zipp said that? Excuse me, Doc, I've got a plane to land. I'll take it, Elaine. Listen to me, Kramer. Doctor Rumack says the sick people are in critical condition and every minute counts. We've got to land now! No dice, Chicago. I'm giving the orders, and we're coming in...I guess the foot's on the other hand now, isn't it, Kramer? I know. I know. But it's his ship now, his command; he's in charge, he's the boss, the head man, the top dog, the big cheese, the head honcho... Chief, look at this! 'Passengers Certain to Die?!?!?!?!?!' All right, I'll need three men up in the tower. You, Neubauer. You, Macias. Stand by, Striker. I'm going to the tower. And good luck. In a moment we'll ask you to assume crash positions. Your life jackets are located under your seat. We're all ready, sir. Captain McCroskey, this is Captain Roberts. Captain Kramer, this is Captain Colosimo. Captain Hinshaw, Captain Gatz. Captain Kramer, Captain Gatz. Captain Hinshaw, Captain Roberts. All right. Colosimo, you'll work the relay. Roberts, double check all air traffic within five miles. And get that finger out of your ear. You don't know where that finger's been! Gunderson? Yes, Captain? Did you decide on a runway yet? Runway niner. It's the longest, and directly into the wind. Striker, you're going to have to work fast. After this message, do not acknowledge any transmission unless you want to ask a question. Do you understand? Striker, Striker, do you read me? Eight miles. Turn right to heading zero eight niner. You are now eight miles from the airport. Turn right to a heading of zero eight niner, throttle back slightly and begin to lose altitude to fifteen hundred feet. Steve, I want every light you can get poured on that field. Tower to all emergency vehicles. Runway is niner. Civilian equipment, number three. It won't be long now. Try not to worry. He's all over the place! Nine hundred feet up to thirteen hundred feet! What an asshole! Watch your altitude, Striker. It's too erratic. You can't come straight in. You've got enough fuel left for two hours flying. You've got to stay up there 'til we get a break in the weather. I'll take it, Elaine. Listen, Kramer, I'm coming in. Do you hear me? I'm coming in right now! We have people up here who will die in less than an hour, never mind two. I may bend your precious airplane, but I'll get it down! Now get on with the landing check. I'm putting the gear down now. Mr. Striker, the passengers are ready. Thank you, Randy. You better leave sweetheart. You might get hurt in here. Yes? Tell them the gear is down and we're ready to land. Well, I'll give him another twenty minutes, but that's it. I'm sure we'll both make it...but just in case one of us...well, is there a message you'd like me to give someone? Just in case I don't have a chance to say goodbye, I want you to know that I haven't spent so many pleasant hours for many years. Now, Striker...hold your present heading, put down full flap, bring your air speed back to a hundred and thirty-five, then I want you to take hold of the throttle... And stick it in your ear. Captain, he's dropping off fast. Almost seven hundred. Striker, get back to a thousand feet! He's below seven hundred now and he's still going down! 675! 650! 625! 600! Striker, you're coming in too low! What's your altitude? He's right on the heading. All right, he's on final now! Put out all runway lights except niner. Turn on your landing lights, Striker. It's the switch above your right knee. All right, now just listen carefully. You should be able to see the runway at three hundred feet. Aim to touchdown a third of the way along. There's a slight crosswind from the right, so be ready for it. If you land too fast, use your emergency brakes. The red handle is right in front of you. If that doesn't stop you... If that doesn't stop you, cut the four ignition switches over the co-pilot's head. See them, Elaine? Do you see us now? You should be able to see the field now. Yeah -- too quiet. There he is! Striker, you're coming in too fast! Sound your alarm bell now. All right, now, everybody get in crash positions. Striker, now listen to me. You're coming down too fast! It's stuck. It won't move! Bring it down! Easy! Remember your brakes and switches! Get ready to flare it out! You're coming in too fast! Watch your speed! You're coming in too hot! Put down full flaps! Watch your nose! Now ease her down! Down! Lift the nose! Throttle back! The brake! Pull the red handle! Hold her steady, hold her steady! Pull a lever! Push a button! You're too low! You're too low! Can we help arrange hotel accommodations or a rent-a-car during your stay in Chicago? Yeah, we're okay. Ted, that was probably the lousiest landing in the history of this airport. But there are some of us here... Hurry now. Please be careful. ...Lonliness, that's the bottom line. I was never happy as a child. Christmas, Ted, what does it mean to you? For me, it was a living hell. Do you know what it's like to fall in the mud and get kicked? In the head? By an iron boot? Of course you don't. No one does. That never happens. Sorry, Ted. Dumb question. Strike that. 