He's right on the heading. He's all over the place! Nine hundred feet up to thirteen hundred feet! What an asshole! Eight miles. Turn right to heading zero eight niner. Runway niner. It's the longest, and directly into the wind. Yes, Captain?Here. How ya doing, honey? What is it? What did you think of 'Great Expectations?' Yeah, I think he is. Hey, Fred!...and that you don't really try, except during the playoffs. ...and that lots of times you don't even run down court. I think you're the greatest. But my Dad says you don't work hard enough on defense. You are Kareem. I've seen you play. My Dad's got season tickets! Wait a minute. I know you. You're Kareem Abdul Jabbar. You play basketball for the Los Angeles Lakers!All right, he's on final now! Put out all runway lights except niner. Watch your altitude, Striker. It's too erratic. You can't come straight in. You've got enough fuel left for two hours flying. You've got to stay up there 'til we get a break in the weather. You are now eight miles from the airport. Turn right to a heading of zero eight niner, throttle back slightly and begin to lose altitude to fifteen hundred feet. Did you decide on a runway yet? And get that finger out of your ear. You don't know where that finger's been! Gunderson?Just in case I don't have a chance to say goodbye, I want you to know that I haven't spent so many pleasant hours for many years. I'm sure we'll both make it...but just in case one of us...well, is there a message you'd like me to give someone? That's a lovely name. Mine's Milton...Milt Ettenhenim. But my friends call me 'Bubbles.' You know, here we are having coffee together, and discussing education and business and economy...and we don't even know each other's names...full names I mean. I know the answer -- Career. A smart woman like you became so involved in your work, you didn't have time for marriage. But I think it's time we stopped talking about me. A woman like you -- why haven't you ever married? After my wife died, I felt like a fifth wheel. You know, so many years being with one person -- a very wonderful person -- makes you always think of yourself as part of a pair...When Ethel passed away, I was lost. I couldn't function socially and I couldn't function in business. No. I'm from Washington, D.C. I'm a lobbyist for the Small Businessmen's Assocation. Were you vacationing in Los Angeles? Thank you. Cream? I happened to be passing, and I thought you might like some corfee.The hell I don't! I'm out there busting my buns every night. We are turning left to a heading of zero- niner-niner. Denver Control, this is Flight two-zero- niner intersecting Victor Airway seven- niner-niner. I'm an airline pilot. Ah, Clarence, according to my calculations, with this tailwind we ought to be able to make up an additional fifteen minutes over the Rockies. I think you should go back to your seat now, Joey. Right, Clarence? I'm sorry, son, but you must have me confused with someone else. My name is Roger Murdock. I'm the co-pilot. All right. But just remember, my name is Roger Murdock. Do you want me to check the weather, Clarence? We have clearance, Clarence. Huh? Huh? Sorry, Clarence. Latest weather report shows everything socked in from Salt Lake to Lincoln.What is it, Doctor? What's happening? No, I mean we can't land for another two hours. Fog has closed down everything this side of the mountains. We've got to go through to Chicago! Well...not for another two hours. I can't tell. Find out if there's a doctor on board, as quietly as you can. Airsick? Hey, we've been waiting for you. A little bit late tonight. Joey can stay up here for a while if he'd like to. Hello. No, he's not bothering anyone. Let him stay up here. No, why don't you take care ot it? Roger, Roger. What's our vector, Victor? Roger. Roger. Hi, Roger. Good to have you aboard. Victor, this is Roger Murdock.Okay, this is one of my favorites. I thought maybe you'd like to hear a song. I'm Randy. Oh, it's nothing to be alarmed about. We'll get back to you very quickly. Well, the doctor will be with you in just a moment. One thing: do you know what he had for dinner? Yes? Would either of you like another cup of coffee? Could I borrow your guitar? I thought I might be able to cheer her up. There's a little girl on board who's ill and... Excuse me, Sister? Mr. Striker, the passengers are ready. Would you go up, please? It's the little room at the front of the plane where the pilots sit. But that's not important right now. The first officer is ill and the Captain would like someone with flying experience to help him with the radio. Do you know anything about planes? Excuse me, sir. There's been a little problem in the cockpit and I was wondering... Excuse me, sir. Would you like some coffee before we serve dinner? Do you feel all right, sir? Fourteen-B. It's halfway down on your right.Good-bye, darling. Good-bye, darling. So long, darling. Good-bye. Take care of yourself. Good-bye, darling. You promise you'll write.Excuse me, Doc, I've got a plane to land. George Zipp said that? Surely there must be something you can do. Yes, everything they've got. How are the passengers doing? Chicago, the passengers are beginning to panic. When do we start down? Let's see. Those are the flaps, that's the thrust, this must turn on the landing lights. Well, I flew single-engine fighters in the Air Force, but this plane has four engines. It's an entirely different kind of flying... all together !!! Surely you can't be serious. Both pilots! See them, Elaine? Tell them the gear is down and we're ready to land. Yes? I don't care. I just don't have what it takes. They'd be better off with someone who'd never flown before. Oil pressure. I forgot to check the oil pressure. When Kramer hears about this, the shit's gonna hit the fan. Rats! I've lost number three. It's a damn good thing he doesn't know how much I hate his guts. Sluggish. Like a wet sponge. And a little ice. That's what I've been trying to tell these people. A lot of people made plans before the war. Like George Zipp. I think they're getting the hang of it! When we re-enlist I'll teach them baseball! That's Lieutennt Hurwitz. Severe shell shock. He thinks he's Ethel Merman. I wish I could say the same for George Zipp. Is it? Because of my mistake six men didn't return from that raid. Headquarters!? What is it? That's the way I've always wanted it to be, Elaine. Elaine, just hear me out. I know things haven't been right for a long time. But it will be different...like it was in the beginning. Remember? I love you, Elaine. My orders came through. My squadron ships out tomorrow. I'll be leading a very important mission. Elaine, I've got to talk to you. But if you'll just give me... You expect me to believe that? You know I haven't been able to get near an airplane since the war. And even if I could, they wouldn't hire me because of my war record. Elaine, not yet. I promise you I really can change. Look, you'll be back in town tomorrow night. We'll have dinner -- talk it over. Don't you feel anything for me at all any more? I know things haven't been right for a long time, but it'll be different. If you'll just be patient, I can work things out. I came home early and found your note. I guess you meant for me to read it later. Elaine, I've got to talk to you. Elaine! Thank you, Randy. You better leave sweetheart. You might get hurt in here. Well, I flew in the war, but that was a long time ago. I wouldn't know anything about it. The cockpit? What is it? No. No thank you. Oh -- I haven't flown for a long time. Thank you.