That's the one that's got the coroner doing nightwork. You didn't even mention the suicides. Did you notice the beaut that came in today? By gosh, them stiffs are get- tin' heavier and more of 'em every day. They even got the coroner working overtime.What--special autopsy? Did I? Yeah, between the gangsters and the autos, we won't need another war to carry off the population.Said &quot;doctor&quot;--[something] Just before she died she came to-- Imagine--she was alive. What a horror. Could have been buried alive. She must have run away from the morgue.Yes--I can't stand it-- everybody wants papers-- oh, oh Papers--they all want me to sign papers. No, no! I won't sign any pa- pers. You can't make me-- I don't know--I can't tell-- You--a friend to me? Maybe you want my money, too. No--I don't want to give any money. Everybody wants money--I'm not going to give any money. I don't know, [I tell you]. No-Why didn't you notify the police? Maybe you're right. That sounds to me very remarkable.Oh, him. He has a cat of his own. But his assistant--he's the cat-hatenest man I ever saw. Goofy, if ya ast me.] You're not as quick as I thought. I figgered out that rats breed faster than cats-- cat skins make good fur-- The cats eat rats. Rats eat raw meat. That is, they eat the carcasses of the cats. So --the cats eat the rats--the rats eat the cats. And I get the skins--simple ain't it? That's it. You get it quick. Oh, no. It's my own idea. I'm in the business. In the fur business. Sure, got thousand cats, too. Look at 'em-- Points to cages of cats. Yeah--thousands, and right in my back yard. He's been stealing my cats to experiment on [them]. I know cause I've been [watching] spying on him.[Was it] &quot;Meirschultz&quot;? Did she talk? Never mind your theories. Was she ever conscious? Take him to the psychopathic hospital. Dr. Meirschultz, too? Tell me, just what you know of Dr. Meirschultz. Hm--pressure-- To Buckley. That's all right. We'll talk later. Why, yes, to you, Mr.--Mr. --what? No, I don't want money. I only want to find out who you are and where you live. My business is finding peo- ple. Not taking their money. Who wants your money-- maybe I can help you. What made you steal? Are you hungry? Who are you? What is your name? By the way--did you hear a shot last night? But where do the rats come in? Oh, I see. Cats' fur. What' s the idea [of wanting so many] do you sell them [to the doctor]? Thousands? [Lot of] How many cats you have--what's the matter-- rats? I understand from your neighbors that all [them] cats are making noise at night. Dr. Meirschultz has put in a complaint. Come on, we're wasting time. Man, you're crazy. What kind of a place is this? Take me down there. What's that? Yes. Mr. Buckley thinks you treated him a little rough. He's in the hospital. How about it? I'd like to have a look. What's down there? Mind if I look around? Seems to me you have car- ried on some interesting experiments. Sure of himself but taking no chances. MAXWELL Sure, I'll take you thru. Do you have many patients, doctor? Oh, yes, he's in good hands now. So--that's it. Buckley took the body. Yeah, he was picked up-- also the body from the morgue. Say, what did you have to do with stealing that body? How do you do. By the way, where is your assistant? I'm detective Jones. Just dropped in to tell you a bit of news.That's what I said. Now, lis- ten to me. I want you to help me take this woman down stairs. I will give her a shot. You can take care of her till I get help. Quiet, will you? This is ser- ious. Our lives are in danger. Sure--I have one little job to accomplish, then we can leave together. No doubt you are surprised at this disguise. [Perfectly friendly, my dear.] At last, I have really a secure living for us. We can travel or anything we choose. Sh--sh--I want to have a few words with you quietly. That's only natural. Maxwell will be here around eight tonight. I am certainly glad to hear it. I know he'll be pleased. You say a fortune. He never spoke to me of any rich relatives. Indeed, he has often told me. No, not exactly. Why the great anxiety? It must be something important. Did you wish to see someone? Oh, I'm crazy, am I? Let me tell you something. Those women have--the gleam-- It won't do any good. They are a pair of would-be mur- deresses fighting it out. Oh, nothing. A cou- ple of my patients having a little argument. Oh, nothing. He is crazy, that's all. I had a little trouble with him. You here again? Oh, just the basement. Some day I intend to build an experimental laboratory down there. It will save me from intrusion. Oh no. Mostly research in endocrinology. Fine. Mrs. Buckley will be all right when she gets used to the idea. Yes indeed. He has been a difficult case. Now that you have him in custody--you have him haven't you? Why, Buckley stole that body. That's what alarmed Mrs. Buckley so. I have been try- ing to get her to put Buckley in an institution but she wants to keep him. Well, news of Buckley? Oh, Maxwell? He's left. You found Buckley? Oh, so you feel that way too . Motions to other room. Stay in there--I'll call you when needed. [Something very important. I have been threatened;] Mrs. Maxwell, my assistant's wife, is crazy. She thinks I mur- dered her husband. [She wants to murder me.] I want you to help me quiet her-- give her a shot from this hypo. [Keep it hid till we get her] down in the basement-- there is a secret vault [there]. We will put her there till we get your husband--[then turn her over to the authorities. Then we will both be free.] You are right. But before I can get him back here, you will have to help me. Not so fast, Mrs. Buckley. That was your idea! No, you can't do that--they'll get suspicious-- What are you going to do? He isn't here.