This time you're really going? You know where I'll be. Weren't you going to come out to say good-bye? Just like you'd think. But he's not going to run. We're sticking to our plan. Now we both need help. We told Sheriff Cobb about the attack. He said he'd... look into it. I can't believe he's the law out here. Now I see why you all wear guns. It's one thing to know it... This is a brutal land. Maybe you thought you'd be back this way someday. Didn't Paden tell you that? You came all the way out here to tell me you're going to California? All you had to do was go, and we'd never see each other again. Goodbye? I'm surprised to see you out here tonight. I guess I put a good scare into him. They've been kind to me. Some. I've been talking to the Parkers. One thing I know I'm not doing -- I'm not going back. More than enough. I want to build something, make things grow. That takes hard work -- a lifetime of it. That's not why men come to a pretty woman. Because they don't like what I want. They're drawn to me by that. But it never lasts. A lot of men have told me that. Maybe it's true. I guess some women are slow to believe it. Mr. and Mrs. Parker have agreed to join their parcel to mine. We'll work them together. Mine starts right over there. It's all I've ever wanted. Pretty land, isn't it? We got married just before this trip, so we could come out here and try the land. It's hard to find a man willing to take on a life like that. I don't believe in luck. I know what Conrad was like. Don't tell me what you think I want to hear.I'm worried what he's going to do when he finds out you boys are back. It was not -- it was Murdo's. Those McKendricks don't know how to act like human beings. Why, J.T., watch what you're saying around Augie. Emmett didn't kill anybody. Augie's going to grow up here. There's nothing wrong with the land, it's just some of the people. J.T.'s done everything he can. I married a brave man. Augie, take that delightful gift your uncle gave you out of here while we're talking. McKendrick picked the new sheriff himself, so J.T. can't even get the law enforced.You can't do this. What are you talking about? You wanted to see me? Howdy.Shut up. You need help, don't you? Because I'm your sister. What makes you think I could? What's stopping you? Why come to me? Get out. We have nothing to talk about. I don't have any family any more. It's none of your business. Oh that's just fine. Where were you when Ma and Daddy needed you? It's too late, Mal. Now you finally show up and all you can think of is to get yourself killed. Who did it? What are you doing here? I thought you were done with our family.I've got a place I can hide her. He can't hurt me if he's dead. How about you? I'm ready for that. Some people think because they're stronger -- or meaner -- they can push you around. I've seen a lot of that. But it's only true if you let it be. The world is what you make of it. Nah! What's he got? This is a nice saloon, but there are other nice saloons. It's not the money. Not for you. Why can't I get ahold of it? Cobb says there's no telling what you're going to care about. If he didn't you'd never sit still while this was happening. Cobb's got something on you, and it must be pretty good. What is it that I can't figure? Where's the dog now? You really are a gambler. That's the good stuff. I'm saving lives here. The straight stuff would raise a blood blister on boot leather. Here he comes right now. I don't own this place. The man who does stuck me with Kelly. Yeah, aside from being a loud-mouthed, lying cheat, he's just the man I would have picked. That's Kelly, my so-called partner. He runs that side. You see that fellow over there in the gray coat? Me too. What's wrong with us? You like a good saloon? Thanks. That's what I call it too. I am. I'm always there, but I only shine at night. Stella. The world is what you make of it, friend. If it doesn't fit, you make alterations. I run the place. What can I get you? From what I've seen, Paden doesn't care much about money. I wouldn't worry about that. That was my plan.