Yo Black, you looking for trouble. Did he gots to be. We know. We know. Yo, check it, my black brothers, we can't let this slide. Not this injustice. Nah, no way. Dem' two real coons iz ill. ...Benedict Arnold... I'm on it. BLAK OUT. BLAK LISTED. BLAK BALL. Need I say more. Yo, Big Black, we needs a name for this joint.Let's go niggers! Let's go NIGGERS. YEAH! Yeah! Ho!You truly are a dancing fool. He gots to be did. 1/16, tru' 'dat. True 'dat. Same thing, y'knowwhatI'msayin', y'knowwhatI'msayin'! ...that simpleton is holding back the race. They got rid of us and keep those two buffoons, Mantan and Sleep 'N Eat, y'knowwhatI'msayin'? Keep trying. B-L-A-K it is. How 'bout... My own sister throwin' me out. I hope to seeya later when you get ya mind right. Don't bother letting me out. There is a name, a term for your kind, the likes of you. Back in slavery days, you would be classified as a house nigga. So are you telling me that you wouldn't even introduce me to Delacroix or set up a meeting? I'm talking 'bout me, your only brother, ya own flesh and blood, hook a brother up, youknowwhatI'msayin'. C'mon, why not? The Monkees had a show. Look at all that other junk that's on TV. We got underground cult following. Yeah, him. If you were really down you would get us together with that boss of yours. What's his name again? We're revolting against the powers that be, that been enslaving the minds and hearts of all people of color. And we won't stop rapping till we bring about the overthrow of the government of the U.S. of A. So now I see where you're coming from. Just because we ain't rapping about Gucci, Timberland, Rolex, Benz, Cristal, ho's and bitches, we're pseudo. My group we need some exposure. Was wondering if you could hook a brother up? Damn, Sis, you don't keep no food up in here in dis' piece. BIG BLACK is the first name and AFRICA is the last. Whoa, hold up li'l sis'. I done told you 'bout that. Julius ain't my name, you better recognize Hopkins was our slave name. My true name is... Give me some? I didn't mean to scare you like that. Microphone check. One. Two. One. Two. One. Two. Hold up. I gots to give my peeps some props. Brothers introduce yourself. We gonna drop some knowledge, wisdom and understanding. The Mau- Mau's, we be scientists. We drop science. My righteous name is BIG BLACK. The Mau-Mau's are up in dis place. That's right, the Mau-Mau's. And another thing, you better stay away from my sister or you better... I'm a revolutionary. What do I do? Microphone check, one, two. One, two. Yo Tavis, I be lovin' yo show but Mantan you is foul. Why you perpetrating? You a sellout.I'm so tired of you running that. I always worked hard for you. You think I'm a leech, a kling-on, I quit. You can walk away. We both can. You're in this up till ya neck. So that's what you been doing? I'm out. Jim Jones, y'know. I'm not drinking the Kool-Aid. I'm not drinking the Kool-Aid. Look at my lips. In fact, we never knew she had any friends period. Please, have a seat. What's wrong with him? DeLa - what's the matter with you. Naw, just jokin'. That's you. That's you. Sloan is all 'dat. I try her. I'm a tri-sexual. Moorish. Ya get a little taste of dat booty, ya wanna get some MORE. She's also moorish. No shame in ya game. She got ya nostrils, ya chnoz is wide open. Sloan's what we certified ladies' men call low hanging fruit. Naw, not you. It can't be. That hottie Sloan Hopkins. Why are you smiling so? Life is beginning to look up. It's all good in da neighborhood. We might need some mo' money behind this. Nice to meet you. What about in the mean time? Not the in between time? What kind of show is this gonna be? How much? Manray needs a job. You'd take no offense if we called you DeLa for short? Y'know what I mean. Got a gig yet for Manray and I yet? Good morning to you, Mr. Delapot. That ain't funny. We're starving. We was coming to see you. Are you crazy? The joint is crawling with cops now. You wanna go to Rikers? Go to the hoosegow? Yo, you gotta show some patience. You want me to snap my fingers and presto chango - you're an overnight sensation. Son, there is no such thing. Chill, I'm the brains behind this outfit. Ahh, the luxuries of life. Did we get our bill yet? My world famous, famous world Arroz con pollo will be ready very soon.We're ready when you are. And what are the Mau-Mau's going to do for us today? What's your name? That can be done. Gentlemen, the show, our show will be satirical. You know what that is, don't you? Trust me on this one. And this is Manray. You'll both get an advance and you can stay with me. Different. First things first. I have to know if Manray is up for this. I have this concept for a TV pilot. There's no guarantee it will get made but regardless, you'll still make some money. No offense. Sloan and I have been looking all over for you. De-la-croix. Good morning, Cheeba. No costume. No blackface. Manray, I'm very sorry about ya boy Cheeba and Sloan. Believe me, it gave me no joy pulling ya coattail about her, just lookin' out for a brother. I feel you, all this stuff happenin' at once but you can't let if affect your work. You gotta be professional. How you sound? Mantan!! You have to start getting into your character. I want you to start using the name Mantan and not Manray if you don't mind. You're now Mantan. I would like to change your name. That's right. Money turns the wheel. Trust me. Of course I still have to pitch it to my boss, but we'll have an answer one way or the other. Some tap dancing, some singing. EUREKA!! Manray, Sloan says you're too talented to be dancing on the street. Can I finish? Thank you. I had a great Aunt, we called her Sister. She went to her grave not believing man had walked on the Moon. Don't you people get it? We're in the 21st Century. Slavery was over four hundred years ago. All that stuff people talked in the old days, it's over. Folks always crying, white man this, white man that. Let's all grow up. Yes. And I say yes because who is to judge? Who is to stand before us and say this is righteous and this is not? Who? Who can play God? Because race has always been a sensitive issue in this country. Gary, I have no problem with people disagreeing with the show, it's when folks start trying to mess with my inherent right as an artist, that's when I get mad. No one, in any way, shape or form should be censored. I gots to go, it's my Moms. Hello, Mommy, let me get rid of this other call. Hold on a sec, I got a call. This has to be a big mistake. Funnier to who and at who's expense? Dunwitty, when Negroes start to run amok, the boycotts, when the demostrations commence, I'm giving them your home address. Let's see how you like it when they picket your lawn in Greenwich, Connecticut. I don't give a good goddamn about Finland, Norway, Sweden or wherever ya blond ass came from. I will not be held responsible for these revisions. These changes are not the way I want to go. This is an outrage. This is a sham. A violation! Dunwitty, don't leave. In the immortal words of Derrick Coleman, WHOOOPDEEDAMNDOO!!! That's exactly my point. Has he even directed actors before in anything? What are his qualifications besides being a white male and directing a hot new sexy freaky Madonna video? Besides, what does he know about Negroes? You're telling me some white boy is gonna direct this pilot? I was hoping to perhaps direct some episodes myself, if not the pilot soon after. I strongly feel that a Negro should direct this. This kind of satire is a high wire act in a gale storm. One misstep and we're doing "Amos and Andy." Only a Negro will have the sensitivity and cultural awareness to navigate this dangerous terrain. We think so. I don't know about that plantation angle. In the projects. Like Eddie Murphy's "The PJ's." Do we have characters? How about Honeycutt, Snowflake, Rastus, Nigger, Jim, Sambo, Jungle Bunny, and how could we forget Aunt Jemima. Mantan right here is a gifted hoofer. He has educated feet. Negroes would be in an uproar. Protest finally forced "Amos and Andy" off the air. Could stop us from ever getting on. Yep, you guessed it. Mantan is an uneducated Negro who always by some stroke of unbelievable stupidity makes his best laid plans go haywire. Ignorant, dullwitted, lazy, and unlucky. Every week we follow the trials and tribulations of two real coons - Mantan and Sleep 'n Eat. The Dusky Duo. Mantan and Sleep 'n Eat. Two real coons. I know we're way out there but it's satire. I don't know if Whoopi is the way to go. It will take a lot of courage and backbone on the part of the CNS to get this on the air. In fact, I would understand fully if the subject matter is deemed too risque, too controversial. It is called: MANTAN - THE NEW MILLENNIUM MINSTREL SHOW. So let's take this great form, this very American tradition of entertainment into the 21st century, into the new millennium. I know you're familiar with minstrel shows. They came about at the turn of the 19th century. It was a variety show in which the talent was in blackface - singing, dancing, telling jokes, doing skits. Dunwitty, I ask you when was the last time there was a good variety show on the air. Carol Burnett? HeeHaw? I've done a lot of soul searching and once again you are right. In my previous work it's been all surface, superficial. I have never really dug deep. Not anymore. As Mark Twain fully understood satire is the way. Race has always been a hot button in this country's history and it needs to be pushed harder. If we are ever to live side by side in peace and harmony. It's about promoting racial healing. We're all happy to be here and I'm going to paint a picture for you. It's right and tight. Good morning, let me introduce you to everybody. You know my assistant, Sloan. What is it you want from me? Some plantation follies? Some sitcom that takes place on a watermelon patch? Some show that follows four nigger generations of junkies and crackheads? You want me to go back to the ante bellum days? I'm not sure if I can deliver what you want. I'm an oreo, a sell out? Because I don't aspire to do HOMEBOYS FROM OUT OF SPACE, SECRET DIARY OF DESMOND PFEIFFER, A PJ's or some as you might put it, some "nigger" show? I'm a Tom? I'm whiter than white and you're blacker than black? Is that what you think? I've never been given a fair shot. ...to white? I still feel all of my scripts would make good shows. I don't agree. The Negro middle class does exist, and it's rich material for a dramatic series or sitcom. I would prefer you not use that word in my presence. I understand. But again, in all honesty I was not informed. C.P. Time is Colored People's Time. The stereotypical belief that Negroes are always late. That Negroes have no sense of time - time except when it comes to music or dance. I wasn't told about this until Marie informed me as soon as I got off the elevator. Four minutes ago. I didn't find out about this very important staff meeting until... I love you too, Daddy. Let's get him over to the bed. I didn't mean that, in life. Where do you go from here? Nuthin' I can't handle. The same old, same old. Trying to get my stuff through. Another one of your conspiracies to hold ya career back? Daddy, it can't be just because of that. There had to be other factors. That's what I'm askin'. How did you end up here? I thought you had promised Mommy you stopped. Daddy, she's younger than me. Pleased to meet you. It's been a long time. It's me, Peerless. I want to speak with you. He never showed it. Don't tell him it's from me or he won't take it. So what's up with you? So he drank himself into a stuper? How long has my father been like this? Is that so? Give me the gun. I didn't think this was in your studies at NYU. And that's how you got me in the first place. Otherwise. I trust you know the difference. You're an intelligent woman, finished at NYU. The first and only time. A big mistake. I'm gonna have to ask you not to see Mantan anymore. This is crazy. You can talk all that mumbo jumbo if you want to but your hands are much bloody. I know where I made my big mistake. I have a general rule, never get involved romantically with somebody crazier than you. Light? Do you have to be so damn forthright? Dunwitty and I feel you've been getting too close to him, getting his mind all messed up. Oh, is he? You getting jiggy with Mantan? That crazy brother of yours doesn't think so. How long have you and Hambone been hangin' out? Why'd you do that? How so? Is that good or bad? Thanks. The Jolly Nigger Bank. For what? What is this? A small victory isn't that small when you've been use to losing. What would their reaction be? I hadn't the foggiest. Who's side are you on? C'mon. You were only doing what family is supposed to be doing for family. You gave your brother a shot. That's all anybody can ask for, an opportunity, a chance, a shot. He got his. Same here. What do you want me to say? Your life will never be the same. Just want to say good luck. I'm gonna slit my wrists. Cut my throat. For the love of Joseph. Which one is your brother? I've never worked with any of you and you've never worked with me so we'll be starting from scratch. I'm a fair person, a straight shooter and I don't hold my tongue. Everybody up in here should know I had nothing to do with you being hired. Good morning, for those of you who don't know me, I'm Pierre Delacroix. I'm running things and this here is my assistant Sloan Hopkins. I wouldn't bet against it. My Negroidal ass is stuck between the proverbial rock and a hard place. Even if money wasn't an issue, Dunwitty will still go ahead without me and that could be more dangerous. It was the principle. Dunwitty had to be enlightened. I was making a point. I take pride in my work. Plus, I already told you I wasn't gonna walk away from my money. My problem is MANTAN THE NEW MILLENIUM MINSTREL SHOW. I feel like somebody hit me upside da head with a sledgehammer. This is Cheeba. Manray better not be bleeding to death. I need him. After we're done he can do whatever he wants to do, until then, he's ours. And lose out on my money? The only way I get paid is if I get fired. And that's what I intend to do. Good. I'm going to need your support. You getting cold feet? The point being that him, the networks don't want Black people on television unless they are buffoons. Dunwitty wants a Coon show. And that's what I'm going to give him, it's going to be so racist, so negative, he won't have the balls to put it on the air. Hence I'll prove my point. Not yet, but this thing will never get made. Manray was under our nose the whole time. How can this be? You and me at the same time, the exact same thought. It's scary. How did you know? Manray! What good are you if you don't tell me stuff like this? Why didn't you tell me about this staff meeting? David, I appreciate your comments. Anybody got an ideas? Everybody just talk out loud. This thing was rigged, the deck was stacked, the fix was in. Could Don King be near? Good thing Sloan had my back. She's my rock. This was going to be a whole lot of work. Oh, is that what I'm doing? Hi, Mona. Yes, your name? Kook and the Gang, it's Manray. Let's do the taping. You go back to your dressing room, get dressed and blacken up. Mantan, we got a show to tape. Do I have to spell it out for you? In fact, go ask Sloan yourself. Let me ask you a question, if I may. How do you think she got the job in the first place? I don't mean to burst your bubble, Mantan the Marvelous, but Sloan is an opportunity. Oh, is it? Buddy boy, in this business if people don't produce, they get fired. You shouldn't even be mad at me over Sloan. And now is definitely not the time to bitch up. You've made it from the guttermost to the uppermost. Don't you know you should never let them see you sweat. Y'knowwhatI'msayin'? You getting scared because some people don't like what you are doing? What are you? A man or a mouse? Are you a punk? Punking out on me? In time. No joke. Serious. Tomorrow it will be all about cruelty to animals or some sex scandal. Besides, there is no such thing as bad publicity. This is nothing. It will blow over by tomorrow. So they can be on TV. Not nervous? Relaxed? You feel good, not nervous? Can I kiss you too? Now I'm privileged?! Why? Because I didn't grow up on food stamps and welfare? Because I didn't call home a cardboard box? No, I never ever went to bed hungry and I'm proud of it, too. Whoever told you that living in poverty earns you somekind of badge of honor flat out lied to you. I didn't mean it to sound like that. I'm happy for all of us. It's just we have a great responsibility now. The pressure is on. Soon. If and when he calls, please don't forget to ask him if he's seen Mantan. Not at all? Yes I have, very hard. Has Daddy called? You going to attack me too. The show is a hit. Aren't you happy for me? C'mon, Mommy. Daddy hasn't been impressed with anything I've ever done. From winning my fifth grade Spelling Bee to the present. It's gonna be hard for me to get away with the show taking off. I don't even know why you're still concerned over him. Daddy's not with you. I can't go all the way down south. Where is he? He said that? I'll be right over. Please let me know when you hear from Daddy, get a number or something. To answer your question, there are a lot of Negroes in it and what is your definition of buffoons? I know what's on my birth certificate. You heard from Daddy? Mommy, please don't call me that. It was. It is. But this is a different kind of show. Can't beat it with a hammer. Well, since you asked, it looks like I may have a new show, a pilot being shot. C'mon, Mommy, don't start with that I'm an ungrateful son stuff. It looks delicious. Good luck, Jukka. Do a good show. This is a travesty. A debacle. This is a TV show, not a music video. How did you get this gig? Well before there was BLACK or AFRICAN AMERICAN, there were NEGROES. I'M A NEGRO. Did you just ask me what's a Negro? I'M A NEGRO!!! A fiasco. A disaster. A boondoggle. An abomination. Yes, I know. Jukka, have you ever seen a Negro person before? Even had a real conversation with a real Negro before? Finland. Where are you from? Nice to meet you. If you don't mind me asking you - how old are you?I want to meet her one day, please tell her the great news. I'm OUT like Vanilla Ice. The big mistake was my not believing in your genius earlier. From the gitgo, from jump street. They didn't even view a rough cut, just some scenes we quickly cut together. Yo, DeLa, I just got the news from the CNS brass. They saw some clips from the pilot and they're rushing it onto the air. Yo, we're a midseason replacement, ordered 12 shows. We're on in 3 weeks. Didya hear what I just said, Yo? I seriously doubt that will ever happen. Didn't I tell you I know your people better than you do. But if by some miracle you're correct, I'm gonna invite them inside my house and we'll have a sit down, discuss it like civil human beings. We just punched it up a bit. Made it funnier. Calm down, please. I'm gonna leave you two creative geniuses alone. Derrick Coleman, he possessed all the talent in the world, coulda, shoulda, been a great ballplayer but alas D.C. didn't want it bad enough. Delacroix, do you want it? Bad enough to kill for it? Do you want it that much. No!!! Just meet the guy. That's all I'm asking. Look, I'll even let you choose your own musical director. You can have that. If Spielburg can direct "The Color Purple" and "Amistad", our whiz kid can direct the Mantan pilot. Probably nuthin', but that's why it's such a sexy way to go. Sometimes an outsider has a fresh new outlook, a different unique perspective. A black director, y'know what he's gonna do given the subject matter? With this kid, the possibilities are endless. I just want you to meet him. Keep an open mind. I want a hot, young white director. Maybe the kid, that pheenom who just did that hot new sexy Madonna video. To hire someone solely on their ethnicity, gender or religion is not right. It's un-American. I will hire someone who is most qualified for this particular job. Sleep 'n Eat, what do you do? That'swhatI'mtalkin''bout. That'swhatI'mtalkin''bout! He's off the hiz-hook! What are you talkin' 'bout? It's the move. Stay wid me now. We're movin' fast. What does everybody else think about this? And every week these Alabama porch monkeys will make us cry, make us laugh, make us look at our own humanity. Make us feel good to be alive. Ya first bad move. Projects been done. That's one of the problems now, everything, movies, TV, are set in the urban jungle, da hood. That's so tired. Mantan's Millennium Minstrel Show should be set on a plantation. In Alabama. We gonna hit 'em wid da BOMB DICKEY on dis' one. What's the setting? Who are the other characters? So what. We would just give the NAACP a donation that would be the end of that. No such thing as bad publicity. So what. Earlier you said singing and dancing. Let'em try. I will kill to make this happen. This could be bigger than "Amos and Andy." And Sleep 'n Eat is his comical sidekick? Exactly! What are there character traits? I want you take it there. All the way to the edge and back. That's a great handle. Are these our two stars, sitting here in front of my nose? Which one is Mantan again? Don't worry about that, that's my department. Now who do we cast? We need a star. Can Whoopi sing or dance? I'm feelin' dis'! I'm lovin' it. You know how I know? Because I'm getting a boner, my Johnson is hard, no disrespect my sister. The name of the show? Word!!! Go on. Good so far. I'm wid it. Delacroix, I'm glad you got your mind right. Yes! Yes! Yes! I want a show that will make headlines, that will have millions and millions of households tuned in, glued to their televisions every week. I want advertisers dying to buy on this show. I'm gonna squeeze this show out of you if it kills you. You will or you'll be back at BET so quick you'll never know what hit you. I need a mid-season replacement and pronto. It will be on the fast track. That's exactly what I think. I want you to create something that people want to see. Let's be honest, the majority of the people in the country are deaf, dumb and blind and I'm including 35 million African-Americans. You know and I know "niggers" set the trend, set the styles. This is a golden opportunity now. These idiots have to be led to the water. You got your head stuck up your ass with your Harvard education and your pretentious ways. Brother man, I'm blacker than you. I'm keepin' it real and you're frontin', trying to be white. Delacroix, wake up, brother man. The reason why they didn't get picked up was because nobody - and I mean NOBODY - niggers and crackers alike wants to see that junk. The middle class black family moves into a white suburban enclave. The middle class black family moves into a small Southern town that is run by the KKK. The middle class single black father raises his teenage daughter. The middle class single black father raises his teenage daughter. The middle class single black mother raises her teenage son. And so on and so forth. It's too clean, too antiseptic... I'm telling you it's not. The material you've been creating is too white bread. White people with black faces. The Huxtable's, Cosby, revolutionary. But that's dead. We can't go down that road again. NIGGER. NIGGER. NIGGER. NIGGER. I understand Black culture. I grew up around black people all my life. If the truth be told I probably know "niggers" better than you, Monsieur Delacroix. Please don't get offended by my use of the quote-unquote N word. I got a black wife and three bi-racial children, so I feel I have a right to use that word. I don't give a damn what Spike says, Tarantino is right. Nigger is just a word. If Dirty Ole Bastard can use it every other word so can I. Forget it. I believe you're my most creative person I've got on staff. You're hip. You know what's happening. I got some corny white boys and girls writing for me. I'm sorry about my blowup but I have to have a whipping boy every meeting. Do you know what C.P. Time is? So are you telling me everyone knew about this get-together except you? Do you know how much information can be dispensed in one minute alone? I'm sorry I'm late. ...exactly thirty-two minutes ago. Yes you! Let Myrna finish. We all stick to this, it's smooth sailing. Myrna is here to help us plan our strategy. I know all of you have seen the overnight ratings. Through the roof. But in this game you gotta be one, two, three steps ahead. I introduce you to Myrna Goldfarb. She's the best media consultant in the biz.Are you trying to excuse our Holocaust? But the line has to be drawn. No matter how sexist or racist the material may be? Our guest today is Pierre Delacroix. He is the creator of the highly controversial TV show MANTAN. Let's get right into it. You have been called by some in the community a traitor, a sellout, an Uncle Tom. Why does your show generate such feelings?Thank you very much. I always try my best. Then will you teach me what I need to know. Maybe we learn from each other, if that's possible, no? My visual style is very erotic, sexy, how do you say - hot? Thank you for correcting my ignorance. I'm looking forward to working side by side with you. I feel we make a good team. Ahhh!!! I never heard of that term before. I thought you were BLACK of African-American. No? What's a Negro. You know, Finlandia vodka? Yes? Helsinki, which is the capital of Finland. I just turned twenty.Always keep 'em laughing. Baby, you treat me so good. Peerless, you're a good son, I love you. You never gave me no trouble. In life? I'ma keep on living, having a good drink, got me a good young woman, make a couple of dollars and make people laugh. Haven't I always tol' you all nigga's are entertainers? The question is what are you gonna do, Peerless? Three nights Charleston, South Carolina. The truth is never let them seeya sweat. You do that, that's half the battle. Dem white boys giving you a hard time? Enough about me, what's happening with you? All I know is what happened to me. All that other mess I just file into the "life's too short" category. That's the only reason, period. They only want one certain kind of black comic. Because I had too much pride. Too much integrity. I wouldn't lick nobody's butt. Some material I refused to do. How did I end up at the third rate chittlin' circuit greasy hole in the wall in West Hell, Virginny? Is that what you're asking ya Daddy? I did. I'm not an alcoholic. I just like to drink. Purely for medicinal purposes. My game is still strong. No Viagra for me, don't need no chemicals. Just my tonic. Good woman. I trained her right. Pull up a chair. Oh, excuse me, this is my lady DOT. Son. Good to seeya. Good to seeya. Go away, unless you got my money. What do you want?DeLa, I don't know 'bout this. If it's not too much trouble could you order us some food? We got evicted from our home. We've both been on the streets for the last week. We ran out without my shoes and the floor. I gotta get my stuff. What about our savings? I'm tired of waiting. And I'm the feet. Yo, check it. This is good and all that but one day soon I want to have much Benjamins so I can have a nice crib and pay all my bills. You hear me. Hurry up, I wanna watch HBO. I'm starvin' like Marvin. I'm always gonna be that. But I ain't doing no more buck dancing. I won't do it anymore. I'm not playin' myself no mo'. Mantan? Why? Mantan? I don't even care as long as I'm dancing. Which reminds me, I need some new kicks. To what? DeLa, I'm aboard. As long as I get to hoof and get paid too!!! How different? Where do I sign? What do I have to do? My tap shoes. Well do something about it. I think that would probably make you the happiest. When I'm hoofing, I mean really doing my thing, hitting it, nothing compares to that feeling in the world. You're welcome. You shouldn't give up on performing. I'm sure that was the only thing he was impressed with. You look beautiful like that. Are you and him kicking it? Knocking boots. Y'knowwhatI'mtalkin'bout. So what's up with you and DeLa? You sing and dance? Not a class, not a thing, just picked stuff up by myself. I never had a really real pair before.Yeah, that's easy for you to do. You never had any talent. Don't shoot me, I'm just the piano players. Damn skippy. Good. I've got a broken back from carrying you all these years anyway. Meaning? What are you talkin' about? Why they gotta make my nose so big? Sloan never told us she had friends like you. Must be the pressure. You ain't happy about the green light? You'd try anything. I got first dibs. You get ya own stuff. Seconds and thirds, too. What's that? Certified ladies' man, huh? It's that bad, huh? It's all over my face. I'm not smiling. You might be right. My name is Manray, goddamnit. I don't believe it. Sloan is the hardest working person I've ever met. What you did is dead wrong. Yeah. Yo, DeLa, they tried to lynch my black ass up in dat piece. No. Hope the same thing doesn't happen to me. That's some big shoes to fill. Same thing Giuliani said. You sound like the media. Sloan, will you take your boss out of here so I can get ready. I feel fine. Naw. I'll take the zero. The point I'm trying to make is that this is a blessing. It's going to be fun doing this show and we should all look at it that way. That's the way it came out. Let me ask you one question. Have you ever been in want, in need your entire privileged life? Pressure? DeLa, you don't know what the hell real pressure is. SHEEETT!!! This is lightstuff. Now when you scramblin' out on the street in da January winter and the hawk is talkin' to you with NO money and NO prospects of money anytime soon, now that there is some pressure. I don't know what a retort is, but it's simple. Mantan - The New Millennium Minstrel Show is UNIVERSAL. It's not just for Negroes in Compton or 125th in Harlem. This is America. Our ancestors helped build this country, we got a right, just like everybody else. I'm not gonna box myself in. This show makes people think, and they're laughing at the same time. No if you go with the flow, Tavis. That's what a lot of Negroes don't understand. Protesting isn't gonna do a damn thing. If people don't like our satire in our number one hit show then don't watch it. Or better yet write your own show. Do it better. Money makes the world go round. It ain't no joke being poor. I know whatI'mtalkin''bout. Y'knowwhatI'msayin'? I've lived on the street. I've been homeless. I've learned how to play the game, work the game, be in the game. Yo, Tavis, check it out. This is the two-one, the 21st century and it's all about the money. Like my man Mase says, "it's all about the Benjamins." I'm more comfortable around my people. Tavis, thank you for having me. I feel a song a comin' on. Sleep 'N Eat, I was my wife's husband and grandchild at one and the same time. And lo' and behold, as the husband of a person's grandmother is his grandfather, I Mantan, became my own grandfather. Years ago I married a widow who had a grown-up daughter. My daddy visited us often, fell in love with my stepdaughter and married her. Thusly he became my son-in-law and my stepdaughter became my mother because she was my father's wife. Soon after dis my wife gave birth to a son, which of course was my father's brother in-law and my uncle, for he was the brother of my step-mother. My father's wife also became the mother of a son. He was of course my brother and also my grandchild for he was the son of my daughter. Accordingly, my wife was my grandmother because she was my mother's mother. I don't know who I am. Dat's yo Uncle Ben. That reminds me, I've seen a lot of troubles lately. Hold on, you allegorical hypothesis. Don't cross words with me. Sleep 'N Eat, what's the matter with you? Using all dose ten dollar words? I slept too near where I fell out. I fell out of my bed last night. ...like fried and chicken... ...like macaroni and cheese... ...perfect... ...then what about... Around... ...not that time... ...yes she did. Oh, because on our first date, she let me... I heard ya lady is wild. I'll buy her a less expensive dress, so I can have some money left over to take her out to dinner. ...dat's too much money. I can't 'ford it. I needs me a dress that cost no mo' than... I thought you got rid of... ...to big. The in-between one, not too tight, not too lose. Sleep 'N Eat, one of dem slinky, sexy, little foxy... She hates dem. Tomorrow is her birthday and I want to get her something really nice, like a... Not her, the one with the little... Y'know my lady Lucindy? Go to your windows and yell out, scream with all the life you can muster up inside your assaulted, bruised and battered bodies. I'M SICK AND TIRED OF NIGGERS AND I'M NOT GONNA TAKE IT ANYMORE! Cousins, I want all of you to go to your windows. Go to your windows and yell. Yell, I'm tired of the drugs, the crack babies born out of wedlock to crackhead aids infested parents. I'm tired of the inflated welfare rolls while good wholesome Americans bring less and less of their paycheck home every two weeks. I'm tired, you're tired, we're all tired of these so-called bible- thumping God fearing, whore mongling Professional athletes. Aren't you tired of these basketball-dunking, football-running, hop-hip rapping ebonic-speaking sex offenders who got ten kids from ten different Ho's? I know I am and so is Sleep 'N Eat. Well, thank you Mistuh Sleep 'N Eat. No mo' "city slickers." Ahh, can't you smell the sweet aroma of the ripe watermelons and high cotton? To come back to our roots. We both left the hustle and bustle of Uptown, Harlem... This is my best friend Sleep 'N Eat. I wuz leaving anyway, for good. I know I won't be your puppet. Don't try to change to the subject. So you say. Sloan, you wuz gonna use me up just like you used Dela? Work it to the top. I never imagined people in this biz could flip on you like "IHOP." I'm damn happy DeLa fired ya ass. Aw, c'mon. Did you ever sleep with DeLa? Oh, you gonna make me say it. Stop playing me Sloan. And? You leave something out? How did you get this gig? You look beautiful like that. Y'know what? My people love me. For what? He left. Not me. We can look out for ourselves. Why all of a sudden are you flippin' on me? This blackface thing was part of the deal from the git-go. Don't even try to play it like you ain't a part of all this. You down with Delacroix. Maybe I need to do a lot of things. Never read a book in my whole life. No, before my time. Gots no intention of ending up broke. Just a little something' somethin'. Sloan, I got it like 'dat. What else? The good stuff. So what's up with you? A lot? Well, homeboy, looks like he's at a funeral.A song a comin' I feel. Mantan, dat sho' is a whopper. Well, I'll be an Alabama porch monkey's uncle. How be dat? Ain't Jemima on the pancake box? Mantan, it is possible that my hyphenated sentences are entirely too complex for all the intellect contained in that diminutive coconut? You expect the unexpected in circumstances of that peculiarity. You slept too near where you got in? ...like grits and butter... That's what I like about you and me. We git along... ...too late, maybe around... ...too early... So when are you comin' to pick us up? ...I heard different, thought that was... ...no, she didn't... No. That's her second cousin. Who's married to Li'l Bit. We should go out on a double date. ...aconite get it dat cheap. ...that was Vicki, her best friend. Dat dress will cast ya round... Not for me, my woolly headed cotton pickin' friend for... That'll work. I just bought one for myself. Mantan, way too short, too tight. Get her one of dose... Too bad. How 'bout a dress? No, not that. How 'bout... Oh her. The one with da big... You tellin' the truth. Give or cousins some of dem educated feets. Tell 'em what you mean Mistuh Mantan. Our Alabamy Home. Now we're getting countrified. We is Bama's. ...the big apple, New York, New York. And this is my very best friend Mantan.Ladies and gentlemen, there is no need to go there. We can all agree to disagree without making threats. What do you do? And Big Black from Brooklyn, what do you do? Our first caller is Big Black from Brooklyn. Go 'head. I admit, that's a very hard thing to do. Quickly let's go to the phones before we pay the bills and hear from our proud sponsors, DA BOMB. 125% PURE PLEASURE MALT LIQUOR. IT MAKES YOU WANNA GET YA FREAK ON AND TIMMI HILLNIGGER. 125% AUTHENTIC GIT-TOE GEAR WHEN YOU WANT TO BE GIT-TOED FABULOUS. Don't you feel that is a simplistic retort? Is it inevitable that the game plays you? Money and nothing else? Let's jump right into it. Your show has sparked a world of controversy, provoked a tone of dialogue. How do you see all of this? Before we begin, I want to thank you for coming on my show for your first television interview. You could have chosen Mike Wallace, Barbara Walters, Jane Pauley, whatnot but you're here. Our guest tonight is the extraordinary, talented performer, Mantan. Thanks for coming in.