Hang you like the witch you are, unless-- --the witch kills children-- There's some stuff that's hard to part with. Editing's stuff's up there-- That's its name. A pastoral glade gamboling with crackheads and homeless and averaging at least one homicide a week. Druid Hill Park. You can be goddamn sure, though, I'm going to be looking at every second of 'em when I get back to Baltimore--I get proof who stole my shit and I call the cops! --nothing left to play 'em on, honey. This is funny?? This is tens of thousands of fucking dollars! You pricks! I'll see you in fucking court!! Yeah, so? Oak? Where they found the backpacks and all the film a year later. "The Voiiiiices made him do it." Then there she blows. --how old? What's she look like? Who? Why are we here? Think again. 'Thought those all got stolen. --a six week bun in the oven-- --but she was nicer then--sweeter-- she hadn't vomited twice already like today-- The bitched-out babe in back here is one Anna Tassio--we met one dark and stormy night in a Blair Witch chat room, we all did-- Just trying to set the mood for the mission--get the "feeling." Christ. Shit? This is from "Josh's Blair Witch Mix," man! I can't let you in. I can't. You have to go. The, uh, blur there. Yeah. --no one'll ever know. --hours before-- Absolutely. I know, I know. The witch? Just let me get my coat off--I had eight cups of coffee, I'm wired for sound here. Four in the morning? I got a friend at a Lab. I could get the whole thing blown-up, enhanced-- Can't you like just divine it? I'm the ebay Boy, remember? I can't exactly afford that kind of equipment. Okay, a blur. Fine. There, what? I didn't see anything. Does it hurt? Fine. This is a little nuts. What? That made her lose the baby? Hey, chill , man-- Well, please keep me fucking informed! Oh, who did then? Blair Witch? Snatching equipment to make her own sequel? My ass--you saw those four fucking baboons put 'em there! How'd you know they were-- One set. Everything from midnight on-- --yeah, the goddamn stoners! Who you think stole the stuff!? So, I hear you're from New Mexico! Beer and weed is what I've got. You want a hand? Anna's the witch. --who? --shhhh! #5, there's something up there! --f'chrissake, Heather, it's not like the two of us are gonna doze off he leaves for two seconds-- No one ever comes here. For "James?" --hell, I don't think I'm ever leaving this place again-- I'd strongly advise you to join us-- Be it still alive, James? --into the Black Hills with--200- something miles from here-- Yeah. Me too. The moon trying to shoot down through all these trees--can make things funky-- --I don't know. Next time try putting on shoes-- --things got a way of finding you here. Not the place you want to announce your arrival. Down there in the Park. Heather, does that look like Domini there? No idea--goddamitt! Fucking owl! --anywhere, anywhere, all up and live, all the time--fucking owl-- --I look and look in the tree, all I ever see, he's always there watching, that stupid owl, over and over-- She would've had to have a key, anyway, to lock the deadbolt behind her. Don't have one. My room, asleep, last I checked. I got the tape enhanced--and I managed to sleaze a photo blow-up. Jesus, he's gonna kill me when he finds out about the camera. Whatta you got, telescopic vision? I spend a lot of time on e-Bay. Buying, selling--sometimes buying then re-selling at substantial mark-up, sometimes just selling crap I find in the street. Hey, hon'--this is what pays the rent and tuition. Mi casa y su casa! Just go. Get inside quick, they'll stop. What? Used to be a meat-packing plant. Slaughter on the ground floor-- carcasses schlepped up on this thing for dissection and grinding and-- Not a great idea. Especially 'cross the street. Hey, I got a whole editing suite in my loft--more the fucking merrier. --coming out of the water-- What're you doing with all this shit? What're you, nuts? Butt-ugly owl. No sense at all. I'm a little stressed. No. Yeah? What? Ask me what I don't have. I've got the Panasonic Portable DVD player. So where the hell am I going to sleep? Hadn't even opened the thing since Cub scouts. Why does everyone here but me have have a gigantic stick up their ass? That's what Josh and Mike said. I don't believe this. From-the-movie-Mary-Brown, Trailer Park Bible Psycho? Hey, Mr. Graduate Fucking Thesis here was s'posed to be driving! --and unlike the first one, every second of it's gonna be true! "Blair Witch: The Real Story!" And let it be known--before we even get to Burkittsville--it's gonna be an eighteen thousand times better movie--for half the cost-- --thank you, Heather Arendt--and arend't we glad you're here--a real witch-- Why was she exempted, Nick? One of the printers. --it's less than four feet, just-- Just let it go, I've got you! Just hold on! All the shit that was worth anything, yes. You'd be amazed, though, what you can get free on the 'net. It's Domini, it's not Domini, I don't care--all I know is I'm not dealing with something-- anything -- snuffing me in my sleep. I want to do what we did in the woods-- surveillance of this whole place 24/7, with somebody monitoring those cameras every second. There's something, somebody here, I want to see 'em coming. Chrissake: why any of this? Enough to keep sane. No one's been in or out since you left. Would've heard the dogs. Sorry, I didn't think we were making that much noise. --whatever you want, no problem-- --oh, Jesus-- There's four other angles, man, we haven't even-- A Cyber Entrepreneurialship. All I need-- First enormous brick warehouse on your right. By day? No sweat. 403 41st Street, kids: home. Spite. --what happened to the goddamn "Witch-watch??" --and none of 'em were mine! I-am-so-fucked, I-am-so-fucked-- where the hell was everybody??? Due for a re-load and battery check. I'll get on it. What ? They're making "Blair Witch II," too. Okay, but-- What? Either way, maybe there's a book in it, and they both make a ton of money. Was it every day or just semi- weekly you got your ass kicked as a kid? Right. And the check's in the mail. What're you doing? Fine. I'm not finished. I am. --a Wiccan-- --about the Witch-- --they're from UMass, doing some kind of fucking term paper-- This is her equally on-the-rag boy- friend, Nick Leavitt-- The wheel. Hold this.Let's talk to your husband-- Mrs. Leavitt-- Look, this is not my field of expertise. You seem stabilized, but why take any chances? Let's keep you overnight and have the Staff obstetrician do a follow-up tomorrow. --doubtful, Mrs. Leavitt. The main thing to remember is, whatever the reason, it was for the best-- it meant something was wrong. Any number of reasons--pick one, it's as good as the other.I'll tell your mother not to expect you at the funeral. There was an accident early this morning. Another car. Your father's injuries were fatal. Your mother's pastor. She wants me to talk to you, Heather.Oh, Jesus, no-- --like you hurt the baby-- I see for proof positive you're the goddamn witch-- Are you marked like this?? The clothes--take 'em off-- I want to see every square inch-- I want to see something! Then I'm going-- I don't know what it is, but there is something happening here, and it's starting to scare the living shit out me, and look, I'm just not going to argue the point anymore--you want to stay here, stay, but I've got to get the fuck out of here, and I'm begging you to come with me. Here. What'd you dream? Just...try and go back to sleep. Just now? Was that you laughing? --you should get back into bed. What can I get you? We'll stay overnight, get a hotel-- --now c'mon! --bullshit! We're leaving--case dismissed for lack of evidence. Maybe on the ride home we can figure how the fuck we're going to graduate with no thesis. I think we get the gist. And what do you possibly think you're going to fucking see there? This is a goddamn disaster. Let's just pack it up and go. --scared the living shit out of us. You want me to scooch over next to you? Baby names? You said the name "James." Anna-- Could we take this up later--like indoors, without half the world listening? Your body, your call. Let's just leave it at: it was one hell of a surprise. Pardon me, I've had a few things on my mind--like putting this safari together. No offense, sweetheart: fuck you. Your parents didn't have a bigger one? No-- this is weird. The rest of the family was crazy as Rusty Parr. --brother of Rustin Parr's maternal grandfather, somewhere after 1858-- Okay, fine, whatever, yes--it's an old tree. It's a sketch , Anna--it's not to- scale cartography; the tree was not the kids' focus-- --chalked just hours ago by ancient adolescents. It's called vandalism. Yes . No. --or one huge attack of group hysteria. -- myth -- --whatever; that's her. That's not whatzername--it's Mary Brown. Jesus. So says her website. Whatzername--the "psychic" Anna hired. Cheery little place. Maybe whatever they are, they just haven't appeared yet on her? What? --shit!!! What're you nuts-- I can't! I thought all your equipment got stolen. I think it's time to get out of here. Enough to make shapes and shadows in the dark into something else. How much of that stuff you guys been smoking? Well, she's got to be somewhere here. It's not a real "funny" time for us, okay? You wanna keep it down, she's trying to sleep. --still go see the OB in the morning-- What-- --great: we can watch Domini sleep for hours--or, shit, maybe if we stay at it for a couple of days, maybe a deer'll dash by! Running a junk yard. Just one lock in this neighbor- hood? Let's get inside. I dunno it's safe to even get out of the car. They were making a movie--if they were going to steal anything it'd be just the tapes, to see if we had anything they didn't. Cotter, I think she's right. Why would those guys go to all the trouble of stealing the camera and all this other stuff and leave the tapes? --I dunno, I just woke up-- Asleep-- How're the cameras doing? Look, guys, we're cold, we're tired we're shook --we just want to get out of here as soon as there's light. We saw something up at Coffin Rock today-- No problem, just give us 'til dawn and we're gone. --now there. Look over there. It's a serious sociological study. Now you can bring the vehicle to a stop: there on the left. This isn't about us. You drive, I'll handle the video, okay? We're all going to be if you don't hit the brakes. Cotter? We're not making Blair Witch II here. --turn the goddamn camera off! --Cotter-- --Graduate Thesis-- --turn the camera off-- What? Someone want to tell me what's going on-- What? Pointless. That's almost a year's worth of work! Scumbags! Oh, Jesus, Jesus.... Smells Like Teenage Spirit. You planning on sleeping out there? Ah, Domini? --sacred and occult Scotch Tape. Ancient runes-- She got paid . See what turns up--which I guarantee will be nothing. Some of the rest of the party are more hopeful-- We're doing dusk-till-dawn taping of all the places where there've been alleged Blair Witch "sightings" --the Parr House, Coffin Rock, Tappy Creek. Ruins of the Rustin Parr house. I don't.... There are other explanations! She is not the goddamn witch, that's insane! It's possible for chrissake-- Not that I've seen--but that has no meaning--that means nothing. Why? What the fuck's going on here? I thought all witches were benign and good. Anna-- She's far from "fine." I should check on Anna. --or Lyme Disease or poison sumac, or God knows what-else we could have picked up in the woods. Or a blood blister--or a bruise. Don't! You're making me lose my grip. Domini's the only logical explanation. --why in the world would she just fly the coop in the first place? Domini. Hey, chemicals, fear, sleep- deprivation--and a round-the-clock obsession with the occult--hell've a recipe for a mind-fuck. I dunno it's anything. It's a name Anna's mentioned--from her dreams. There's explanations. Rational explanations for everything that's happened. We'll drive ourselves crazy if we keep obsessing on supernatural what-ifs. You think....there could've been something up in those woods that Anna-- Okay. Hypothetically. Heather. Yeah, I know. It's...alright. We're all a little-- --I know! Jesus, you don't think I know that? You don't think I've tried? She won't fucking go -- she won't leave this place. Finally got her back to sleep. Whatever. They never burned witches in this country, they hanged them. --bullshit--It's my fucking job , man!! Not until I get that Beta Cam back! We're both in a world of shit here!! I know you're in there, you piece of shit! Looks like a rope. You mind me asking: why the fuck? This is what you wanted enhanced? --Christ, they find out I let you have it for the weekend-- Before 5:00-- Beta Cam's still coming back tomorrow, right? You're gonna owe me the rest of your life, bud.