I'm accused of using some government wagons to ship personal property. Unfortunately, I'll never get the chance. I'm leaving in an hour for Congress to scream like a violated virgin about my promotion. Wasting my time, naturally... Look at her teasing those bumpkins. I wish she was beneath me. Well, now there's something worth dying for. What do you think? They always say that. These men were taken from their homes at night, tried by Reed's courts -- which Congress recognizes -- and, well, you can see. They love Reed and his inquisition! I think they hope to share in his disgusting profits! It's becoming the American way! That scum Joseph Reed... they're calling him the 'King of Pennsylvania'. The man's a budding Cromwell. He condemns rich Tories to death and then 'appropriates' their property for himself. Naturally, the pig hates me for every Tory I've saved. I'm sure his dogs will be overjoyed. There, then, you can have sort of a normal life. Gates? He used my battle plan and I humbly submit that without me he'd still be back at Saratoga waiting for the British to attack. George, why haven't you moved into the Potts' house back at the creek? Much more befitting of a Commander and Chief than your field tent. And... you could entertain. I think you need to entertain more. Seriously! Get a few New Jersey whores up here, invite some Congressmen... couldn't hurt. That can't be. Same old story. While they're strung out? Well, George, who were you? Well, truth be told? I was a pharmacist. Alexander? After visiting Congress I know what it's like being violated by come disproportionate asses! Ah, if she only knew that the most important men in the country -- possibly the world -- are sitting at this table... Christ, George, Joseph Reed's been writing letters back to Congress attacking you. Your own aide! Someday, George, you may need to act for the good of the people no matter what Congress thinks that is. It may come down to us, or them someday. You or them. Cicero was right: was is 'a time when the laws are silent'. The army can survive without me. What do you think, George, shall I resign? It's what they want. It is. Congress is talking -- openly -- about replacing you with Lee. The man's waiting for you to get wiped off the stage so he can become commander and chief. But trust you to do what? One side in Congress wants compromise; another glorious battle; some surrender -- some, of course, just want power and money. But if you don't mind my asking, George, what are your plans? Oh, they have reasons... there's a lot of confusion these days. Congress has picked up it's skirts and is racing for Baltimore. They're not waiting for spring! Of course, they still had time to deny my promotion. Even John Adams voted against it... I've come to report that we've had a bit of luck! It comes down to leaders. If our leaders are ordinary men who truly believe; if they go into the forests with the troops, eat what they eat, fight with them, perhaps to die? The most common soldier will defy your most depressing expectation. And a French alliance? Well, you fought with them against the French and Iroquois, how good were they then? Exceedingly. Besides, if I had half the wagons that were used to lug the rum to Philadelphia for this congress, I could move a whole army to the moon! Over three hundred miles. I capture Quebec leading an Army by river fordings through Maine... If we don't do it, the British will come down Champlain, take back Ticonderoga and attack us in the spring. We've got to attack the British! Now! Have they put you in charge yet? Do we have an army yet? What is happening?Well, general, I think I ain't got no school learning, I ain't got no trade... and I'm a drunk. So, I think there ain't much left to be set free. I ain't forgot about the freedom. No. I guess. Yes, general. Yes, general? Me? You apologizing to me? That you would have known you can trust me. A lot of years have gone by. Well... I misunderstood, then. Yes, General. But if you have to shoot somebody, you can't. You, you just need a new flint, General. Colonel, sir, Mrs. Washington inquires if you are going to join her for dinner?That's Greene. He's supporting our reconsolidation. The British! These men cannot stand against them! I am to take command of Major General Lafayette's division and lead the attack. More than that, sir... my orders from Congress.Congress has been using our supply wagons for years to ship their black market goods -- probably their whores! What does she see in them? Hmmm... she's beneath me, I'm afraid. Some say that Hessians are invincible. That's why the people trust you George. Without someone at the convention, who has the people behind him, everything will fail. Will you do it? George, you're the only man the people trust... trust with power. They know you won't betray them. Have you decided if you are going to join the Virginia Delegation to the Constitutional Convention? Yes, I believe so. March on Philadelphia! Get Joseph Reed, and the pigs in Congress, the speculators, who've grown fat off the war! Get them all! Sweep them aside! He warned you some day you might have to act for the good of the people -- even if it was against Congress. George, the time has come for you to declare yourself king of America. Listen to me, the whole army would rise up as one and place you on a throne! George, you must declare yourself with us or against us. George, remember that night when we were drinking with Arnold? No one knows... Congress has informed the army that it is bankrupt and cannot pay the soldiers pensions. I am not conscious of it, sir! But since you have thought it necessary to tell me so, we part! Sir, Arnold is a traitor. Sir, I think no such thing. Yessir. General Greene is here. There are two other divisions here. What are we going to do? They go back home to keep their families alive, stay into the spring to plant. Then, they start coming back to us. Are you going to keep him, sir? I was a clerk's apprentice on Saint Croix. But, then I went to King's College. It's a wonder they find the British cause worth dying for. But it's what he said, just before they killed him: "I regret that I have but one life to give to my country." With pleasure... and an honor. Did you hear about Nathan Hale? General Washington, is there actually going to be a compromise, I mean, a 'deal' with England? Well, sir, then is it possible you called us all here just to hear what you wanted to hear. Therefore, retreat. Excuse me, General, but may I ask how do you feel? Delighted, sir. I'll be twenty next year, sir. We've got powder but no ball! Captain Alexander Hamilton, sir!George, we've got to get you out there before we lose our whole army. Who's in command out there? Good day, Mister Adams... George, what's the word from Boston?They are... friends of Congress. George, I'm sorry. We all know the army will acquit Arnold... Lafayette is a child! Colonel Charles Lee... Hounds and all. Quite the character. He's got a tremendous reputation. You won't be needing his largess, Rhode Island is already committed to your appointment. With your support, Horatio. As one of our own who has seen combat with the British, your opinion counts. Yes, an astonishing power over weak minds. Partially... Again, just to touch on a touchy subject, but... would the people accept another leader over Washington? No one wants another failure right now, God knows. But people like Arnold and, God knows, I'm having my fears about General Washington. You think that? Oh, come now... Makes you gag. Let's not over do it... Hancock led the Boston 'tea party' because he's a goddamned tea smuggler! He wasn't protesting inequality, he was eliminating competition. Now, you listen to me: we need to get a Southerner elected commander-in-chief, or the south will not fight! What have we been struggling for all these years? For this moment! And, if we fail now, remember: you stopped us! Washington is perfect. He's a Southerner, he's a war hero and he's rich!Unofficially, General Greene. Congress is bitterly opposed to allowing Negroes in the army! The British army, sir! General Lee is detained captain... No officer is going to get these men to fight! They had the life crushed out of them on Long Island. At the most, perhaps we could make a feint at an outpost, then retire to protect Congress. Did God ever make such a pitiful army? If he isn't, then he's stupid. Well, I shall deny him to you! He is evil on earth! The man is a traitor! Understand? You need to be listening to people like John Adams, and to keep the best interest of the country first in your mind! And, Hamilton? Greene? George, I'm afraid if you go through with this madness I must tender my resignation as your aide. I see where we're headed, you're putting your trust in the likes of Hamilton and Arnold... But the Hessians are there! No one can beat them! That's why Cornwallis stationed them there! They have the post of honor! They are invincible! No, I did not. Really? Well, what the hell is a deist, precisely? What do you mean you're not a Christian? Of course you're a Christian, we're all Christians... To assert the rights of our founding fathers! This country was colonized by Christians! This shall become a Christian revolution. Surely as a good Christian you understand that! A ground swell-Christian movement, George, you see? Well, George, Congress just passed a resolution censuring Arnold for destruction of government property. I wouldn't cast my fate with that man. That damned Arnold is here, isn't he? Did you know he lost all his ships? Outrageous and completely unacceptable. George! So good to be back! I understand, George. What can he do? The British have massive superiority. Spies from Quebec confirm that the British are sending an entire fleet down Lake Champlain...I feel the same, sir. General Lee, sir! My baby daughter has died... my baby... mon petite Henriette... Like flowers after the snow melts. Yes, I will write him and tell his ministers and the court. I rode here, on my horse. Sir, these are our finest firearms from the armory at Charleville! They are a gift from the people of France! Muskets and uniforms and Bayonets. I only meant... I am. Then, I understand you too serve without salary. You know, since your charming little victories at Trenton and Princeton, the French court is softening. I expect any time now a ship load of supplies... Mon General, I have come here to learn and to give, not to take. I am serving without salary. I... they look both the same. Uh... none just now, but... Sir, please accept my commission from Congress... and... You must see this portrait of my beautiful wife, Adrienne, we had the most perfect little baby girl just before I left. Her name is Henriette... But, general, I assure you my motives are sincere. However, through my relations with members of his majesty's court, I am a representative of the French government whose deepest desire is to be one people, united with our American brothers in arms to defeat the rapacious armies of King George of England. Vive la France! Vive l'Amerique!What's the difference? We already have black soldiers in our army... The British Army is right back there, across that river! Sir! I think it must be something else that detains General Lee. Detained by what? I hear General Lee is holding seven thousand fresh infantry back in New York -- why won't he come on!? These men have suffered but I believe they will fight. I doubt Arnold will be afraid. If the constitution is ratified... we'll have a country. They'll want to elect you president of the convention, which means president of the country. It is; we need you George. Yes sir, it's a wise idea... Sir, I have to act on instructions from you ordering thirty copies of your own dress uniform... I'm honored, but, reluctant to leave you. What the hell are we doing? Then, maybe I do see what you're after -- perhaps... you get to chose again... But you are an aristocrat and a slave owner. Sir. No. We're all of us after something. It's easy for me to fight for the common man. My father could only dream that I would be... a general someday? And what of my daughter or son? I know what I'm after. But now, with all this talk about compromise? It means the rich will just be more wealthy and the common man has no hope. Sir, if you don't mind my saying, I don't understand your history at all. I mean, why would you want to win the war? You're not after glory, like Benedict... You're a slave owner, and yet you invite blacks to fight in your army. They're just disgusting, jealous, bottom-feeding swine. It's their nature. I'm with Captain Hamilton. You wrong me, general; I am an officer and a horse-shoer. Well sir, I was an ironmaster before you got me. Maybe I will let you down yet. Sir, Congress hasn't issued their pay for two months, many have not eaten properly for at least that long. You're being a little hard on them, don't you think? Yes, but I've spent the last winter studying all the great battles of history. And I read the lives of Caesar, Alexander, Hannibal... Sir, I'm volunteering you the wholehearted support of the Rhode Island army. I have commanded the Rhode Island Militia for a year now. My father is an ironmaster. As was I. I was born with a limp, sir. The Militia used to hate it when I marches with them because my pike would always sway... I... I'm possessed of the idea of a command in your army, sir. Colonel Washington? Colonel Nathanael Greene, Rhode Island Militia. Yessir! We're leaving them?It's the political 'cost of doing business', George. Finally!? It's people like these who, as soon as they get a little power, want more and more. More ale, here! He has the soul of an aristocrat who'd like nothing more than to become a king in the minds of the people! You invented this, this... Gag on your own invention, then. I tell you every damned place I go the man is adored! "General Washington! Champion of Trenton! Savior of the Republic!" And you should hear the way people are deprecating Congress! He's from Virginia -- there is no more classist, elitist... English place on earth than Virginia. And, what in hell has he done for our cause? Washington has been preaching compromise, compromise, compromise! Hancock acts, he led the Boston Tea party! That's why New England loves him. Is that your test of patriotism, George; if a man will die for you? Well, I hear 'The People'. Indentured servants, freed slaves... escaped slaves. The world's castaways. And, my fear is, in the scramble for power that's coming, you will betray them. You hear that? And 'others', say... have you even read Locke, Vattel, Voltaire, Diderot... I say! Yes! All people have rights! You are a slave owner! You have been illegally surveying lands beyond the Ohio Valley! That land belongs to the natives!Cut those men down. Congress is pushing ahead with your court-martial. Benedict, trust me to handle this. You go too far, Benedict. Couldn't you have appealed to Congress? The point being: he's also a candidate for my job. If we can pull this off, maybe I can restore their faith in me. Have you heard? The British are negotiating to make a trade for General Lee. As soon as the men have good shelters I'll move. Perhaps Martha will join me this winter. There's this whispering campaign against me ever since Gates won at Saratoga. There was this anonymous pamphlet circulated at Congress which says I am personally responsible for all our hardships. And... that I have encouraged the people of America to make me into a God! Benedict, it says that I have gone mad! They're ready. Believe me, the ones that stayed on here at Valley Forge are ready for anything. Of course, we get nothing from Congress. They need boots, coats... we desperately need food. Exactly. We'd attack the baggage wagons and the rear guard. It would cause the line to buckle. Then we hit the center with our main force and cut them in half. Our plan is to hit them as they leave. I? You all know my history. We're so damned important! Look at us -- Nathanael, you were a horse- shoer, Benedict, before this? I hope I never have to believe that. Then, I need you. We all do. Without your victory the men would have no hope at all. The army needs you. Don't do anything rash, please, Benedict. Is that a fact. Go on... I want to hear everything. We're in bad shape, Benedict, moral is low. Before I can do anything, I need Lee and his seven thousand troops. I've ordered him to join us three times. In my last letter I all but begged him to come here. The man is insubordinate. They don't trust me, that's the truth isn't it? Sam Adams never did. Why in hell would John do that? Why in hell would any of them do that? After all you've done, it's unbelievable! Damn-it! You've given us a whole new season, Benedict! And Congress thinks that the British are going to ride right over us come spring. Now half their army is back in Canada. Arnold! Ben Franklin's going to Paris, but I think the French will be long on talk and short on guns. Our troops are mobs, they won't take orders, have no equipment... could they beat the British? They died well. Otherwise, they didn't do much right. But if we have war, the British will surely send their best troops: right now they have no other enemies. What's your frank estimation of the British? You seem pleased by the prospect. You'd have to travel hundreds of miles through the wilderness. Patience, Colonel Arnold. Active personalities terrify these men. But, congratulations on your victory at Ticonderoga... Well, what have you thought? Wil, I want to remind you of a conversation we started just before Monmouth... You'd have money every year, so you wouldn't have to work. You can stay at Mount Vernon as long as you want... Wil, I'm giving you your freedom. Do you understand? You've served me loyally, year after year, without complaining. I've thought hard about you this past winter. I want to free you, Wil. I want to give you your freedom, after this battle is fought. Wil... Yes, William. I am apologizing. What? What are you talking about? Misunderstood what!? None of the servants is to touch a gun! You know that! You are never, never to touch my guns! Do you understand!? Tell Mrs. Washington I am compelled to stay a while longer. Marquis! Get these men reformed, send Steuben and Wayne out on the left... Who is that!? What do you know about these men!? They can stand against anything! They've seen more war than most field generals! They are not cowards, sir! They are not afraid! What the goddamned hell do you think you are doing!? Lafayette will not be happy... General Lee, welcome back. I'm happy you've decided to join us. You're asking me to be president of a republic, not king? Not a dictator over subjects? But it's more than just that, am I right? I'm not sure. Well, if it's my last order, then I order them to be there! Tell them I will give them my decision then. I want to address the officers, all the officers. Next Friday. Can we arrange it at the mess? What's your advice, Alexander? Is this a coup? Alexander, are you trying to tell me that I might be assassinated if I don't agree? To hell with Arnold... This is a declaration of insurrection! Who wrote this!? What is this? I must tell you sir you treat me with disrespect! Don't lie to me, Hamilton! If I had not court-martialed Arnold... Did you know that Arnold left the entire defenses of this fort in complete disrepair? Most of our cannons are so neglected they may as well have been spiked!? You realize what would happen if this fort fell? The whole Hudson would be open to them! Colonel Hamilton. Anyone who served under Arnold, I want them shipped north. I don't want any troops here who served under Arnold. Get the body of our army up to Greene's vanguard as fast as we can. All the damned fool has to do is hit the British rearguard and then hold for us. It's impossible to stop these men deserting in winter, you might as well stop geese from migrating. We better, Congress invented him. To learn to shoot cannon? They're among the best divisions the British have. No conscripts, no impressed recruits, just professional killers. That young school teacher... I heard the British hung him as a spy. Captain, I want you to know that I respect your openness. It would make me happy if you'd join our table for dinner from now on. And is that the most horrible thing in the world? I'm so inclined. No one wants to turn the table on the enemy more than I. But if victory is remote and there's any hope for a negotiated peace, we must keep this army intact. I'll expect you for dinner this evening, Captain Hamilton. For Christ's sake, have a bath. How old are you, Captain? Then use rocks! Hamilton, you're going to have to cover our asses as we cross. Who the hell knows? Everyone's giving orders. It's all very democratic. The last I heard, a bunch of drunken militia have dug in on Breed's hill. With one stroke the British could cut them off and apparently their leaders are too dumb to see it. Horatio! Horatio Gates, of course you know John Adams of the Massachusetts Delegation. Is that where our meat and boots and uniforms and muskets went? Of course the army will acquit him, that's not the point... Arnold is a man and will understand. What I need to understand is, John, Sam... what is happening here? Who are those people in there? The fat ones in silk? Lafayette is my friend! He believes in glory and truth and the freedom of all mankind; so, of course he's a child. But he would have died before he would have let me down. If he supports the British why is it that every time he gets near them he kills so many of them? Unlike General Lee... who you and Congress backed for second in command and who is a goddamned incompetent! I think many would like to see him commander-in-chief. I don't know: delivering men and delivering men with their goodwill are two different things. And, if he's popular with his men... As does your ability, Horatio. We must talk further, when it's more convenient. Well, John Adams, your cousin has a marvelous gift. Are you all going insane!? Benedict Arnold! The man who stopped the British on Lake Champlain! Who carried the day at Saratoga! Goddamn-it, Joseph, you own two mansions, ride in an expensive, Tory coach! You are all nothing but a pack of greedy pigs! Arnold is indispensable, do you understand? I need Arnold to help me win this war! How can you say that? Gentlemen, let me get to the point, I can't see the wisdom of pursuing this old court-martial against General Arnold. Joseph, are you afraid to cross that river with me? I accept your resignation. With regret. You have leave to return to Philadelphia... They help me understand why we fight. How many generals do we have like Arnold? He's got guts -- he's vain, and he fights! They are also very religious. So, we will attack them three days from now, on Christmas. One force under me, and another to the south under Colonel Cadwalader... I mean, I'm a Deist. A belief I share with the likes of Tom Jefferson and Ben Franklin. Surely you knew that. No. As a matter of fact I haven't the slightest idea what you're talking about. A grand scheme? Joseph, the British spent thousands of pounds and precious months putting together a fleet that Arnold stopped by sacrificing a heap of old barges. In my opinion he saved my army. Colonel Reed... If we have any hope for a compromise or truce with England now, we have to hold on here: our men must believe they can win -- the British must believe that somehow, in some mad, impossible way we might actually be able to hurt them. My God... They mean to finish us. What about Arnold? He's up there. A fleet? Any word from Canada? I will continue with our French allies, concentrating on New York. Get these men back in line! My God! Who ordered this retreat?! What is it, Marquis? When the snow melts, mon petite Marquis, I suspect the only thing blossoming will be bright red British soldiers. Because, if the British got off their asses and came up here, now, we would be smashed. And the revolution would be finished. Tell King Louis, it's that bad. Chose another. Any general worth anything should have a brace of horses. Well, we will accept these charming little gifts. When we see them. Meanwhile, please, take your pick of a horse. And how rusty are these muskets? These supplies...? 'Charming little victories?' Please don't expect much more of us, Monsieur. You must be very rich. No, please; an advance on your salary. The one with 'Philadelphia' spelled correctly is the counterfeit. 'Continentals', Congress' paper money. It was worthless to start with, but as you see, counter feiters have made them even less than worthless. Can you tell which one is fake? Gentlemen, my I introduce a French gentleman, recently appointed major general by Congress... Marie Joseph Paul Yves Roch Gilbert du Motier, Marquis de Lafayette. General Lafayette has brought us the greetings and goodwill of his countrymen, and... how many cases of muskets, Mon petite Marquis? What I want to know is sir: where is your daddy? We have more officers created by Congress than we know what to do with. I want you to see our hospital. Come out and meet my soldiers. They're good people. Martha! For God's sake! Our 'kind'? What is that supposed to mean? These men are all I have left and they stay because they will fight! They desire it! They seek it! Of course Virginia is terrified! For my soldiers this is a war to obliterate the 'upper class' from the face of the earth! Should I tell them all to go home because if they win it will ruin me!? It is impossible for me to imagine that Negroes are fighting so that only white men may be free! If we win this war they will own this country too! Is that why you come in here tossing pennies to my starving men? It's damned condescending! What's the point of a revolution if it doesn't? To win this war I need an army. Martha... what? What else? From Virginia? I think I heard that. That's right... When I was a young man we used to recite Cato... We would come together recite it like they were words from heaven. Devotion to country, duty, purity of heart... Purity of heart. I was drunk on something then... "Liberty, Virtue, Country"... That's from Cato... you know, that play about the noble Romans? As I was riding up to Philadelphia, I found myself thinking about the old days... But, as usual, it will not go well for... them. Martha, you must trust me. Everything. If we force Britain into concessions it will open up the western lands -- and that would be a boon for our family. We already have more slaves than we need, but we need more land. The day Tom Jefferson frees a slave I'll ride naked through the streets of Williamsburg on a mule. Tom Jefferson is one of those people who talks big and acts small. The only man out there who really does what he says is Sam Adams and everyone thinks he's crazy. Believe me, this 'disturbance' isn't going to last long. You have to understand, congress is a chicken coop full of foxes, Martha, each and every one has his eye on a nice, fat prize. Don't be ridiculous, of course that won't happen. I'm very aware of that. The eternal dream of the disenfranchised, my dear: a classless world. Not a very real expectation. Of course, if it were that simple. These people? They're after something else... Our beloved father, the King, also refuses to bend. Surely you knew this was coming. It's another demonstration against the king. This is the wildest yet. You know, I came back to Mount Vernon to retire. I don't need to be in government. Well, this must be about something! They're for my bodyguard. I have an absolute conviction that Arnold is planning to have me assassinated! It will be harder if I am surrounded by a body of men who look like me, don't you think? Nathanael, I'm sending you to Virginia to head the southern army, to harass Cornwallis. Marquis, you must go with him. You've got to stop them here or our whole line will cave-in! It's all right boys, I'm here! At one time I could have chosen not to be. I will not betray you, Nathanael. You don't believe I can fight from a sense of duty and patriotism? You have a free tongue, Captain Hamilton. Yes, I thought that's how you'd feel, Nathanael. General Greene? I certainly didn't mean you. Of course you are a gentleman, an officer and a gentleman. Nathanael, someone bred to station, bred to being a gentleman -- unlike these men -- his sense of duty naturally prevails over the baser needs. The only way to get discipline into these men is to beat it into them! Fifty lashes each! A horseshoer? But, you do come from a military family? It isn't my army yet, Colonel Greene. Looks like you've seen some action -- did you hurt your leg, in a fight? Yes, yes, happy to meet you. They're finished, they can't help us anymore! They've done their duty, General Greene, now you do yours! We can't take them. Are you all right? Really? Which precious homily was it? I remember a pair of young philosophers once, who laughed at the world. I'd throw everything away for you. Perhaps you've been counting my acres, Mrs. Fairfax, and discovered exactly how poor I really am. That's a lie! But not more than your comfort. You know very well who it is that I love. God damn you, Sam Adams! You wanted a revolutionary army and now that we've really got one it scares you more than it does the British! That? I hear a mob: unemployed, drunkards, vagabonds... the world's dregs. Are these philosopher going to be here to help you fight your war? You know why I don't trust revolutions? Because each of us is who we are: we make speeches, print pamphlets, and we never change. The world is not a philosophical abstraction, Mister Adams, it's us. And, I don't believe you can ever change human nature. I see... Who says so? Just because they are born? That land belongs to the strongest.Words, words, words! Sally has been tutoring George in the philosophies, isn't that right? Hear that, George? Sally's actually taken to thinking of this clod of earth as her home. And it's her first tour. We're gratified, aren't we George? We can grow three primary crops in a season and, if we have some luck, we get a forth. The temperature is generally mild. That's not what I said! Now, Sally, you're embarrassing me! Watch out for her, George; she talks refinement, but she has a barbarous soul! George, I'm sorry. Don't be silly, you have whole worlds to fathom. He was not black! He was... tan! Weathered! For God sake, get that horrid stuff off your face. You look like a damned slave! It's damned humiliating. My daughter, I ask only... The land here is best for grain and corn.That's good... who? I'm lost in ecstasy! And dost thou love, Thou charming maid? They can use their imaginations. You're out of your mind! What are you doing? I think I will disappoint you. What else should I become? There's no difference between Virginia and England. I must be educated if I'm to take my place in society. My father couldn't afford to send me to England for school -- he made a shambles of our fortunes. Everyone laughs at me. Well, we must be who we must be... It's the freest land on earth. I think America suits you. I always though London was the place to be: capital of the world, the most spectacular city on earth. Then why are you teaching me...? What do you really think of the minuet, anyway? Cranes? Who needs to walk like a crane? Or, 'civilized'. Sally, our slave system is a British law... Slavers capture them and bring them here. Africa, of course. William, we've been studying hard, I really know my stuff. Juba was a Numidian. This, this is life indeed! Life worth preserving, Such life as Juba never felt till now. Though, sometimes we get frost and that can cut the season.