Hey, welcome back to 93.5 WJRC's  Halloween monster weekend. I'm Jimmy  Ray and I'll be bringing you the  oldies, the goldies and sometimes  the moldies. The good, the bad and  the uglies straight from the WJRC  vaults. Hey, kids still trying to decide on  the right costume? Well why not head  on down to Randall's Penny Save  located on Kimball Rd. just off route  1 in Mackin County. Choose from a  wide array of ghosts and ghouls,  jeepers and creepers... ...everything you need for your  Halloween needs. Alright let's get back to our monster  music marathon with this classic  called The Teddy Bear's Picnic. I... I got back a stack today. Some  nice shots. See, a good topless June Wilkinson...  unfortunately she personalized it... to Stucky, love June. Hmmmmm. Shit, this ain't worth nothing now  that my name gotten all over it. I  was a fixin' on trading it to Jackie  Cobb. The retard over at Molly's fruit  stand. Yeah, he's all hot on her after he  found some of his dad's old nudie  books hidden in the basement. He  keeps 'em taped inside his school  workbook. Fascinating. That kid is one horny retard. Christ, ain't they all. All them  retards wanna do is fuck and eat. Well, yeah... I think that if you  knew him... I mean if you'd understand  his urges, shit the guy's like forty  or something. Worse than a fucking rabid baboon. Yeah, I guess, you know next to  wacking his weasel his other favorite  thing is twisting sharpened pencils  in the corner of his eyes. What? Yeah, doesn't hurt himself, just  spins it around next to his eyeball. I'm sure that ain't the only place  he's sticking those pencils. Naw, he don't do anything else with  'em, but he did get caught once with  a Planet of the Apes doll hanging  out his asshole. Goddamn. Had to take him to the hospital. Kid  had Dr. Zaius stuck half way up his  butt, couldn't get it out. I always loved that mute broad that  Chuck Heston was shacking up with. Nova, yeah she looked pretty sweet. Yeah, now there's the perfect woman. Can I get some stamps off ya? Did you fix the toilet yet? Yes, I did... so don't you go stuffin'  any goddamn paper towels down that  hole. I just snaked the shit out of  that thing. Ya hear me? You bust that crapper  and I'll beat your ass. I hear ya. All clear. Let's go shopping. Right. Mary fucking Moses. Get the fuck out  of here. Hold it, clowney. Keep your paws  where I can see 'em. Yeah, don't move or I'll blast a  hole the size of a Kansas City melon  through your ugly-ass Bozo face. Go get that other asshole out of the  shitter and drag his ass back in  here. Right. Miserable little cunts with guns. I  ought to jump right over this counter  and bash your fucking balls in. Alright Tippy, hand over the cash  box and I might leave your brains  inside your skull. That's what you bitches need. A  reality check courtesy of my boot in  your ass. That'll be a fucking cash  box you can cry to mamma about. Come on, fatboy! That's it. I'm gonna count to ten  and you're gonna hand over the cash  or I'm gonna splatter your grease  paint mug across the stateline...  one. Fuck your mother. Two. Fuck your sister. Come on, man. Just shoot him. Hey, I know you. We were in high  school together. Wood shop, right?  ...Richard Wick... right? Shut up, shut up, shut up! Quiet down... three. Fuck your grandmother. Yeah, I remember Mr. Alacard the  shop teacher use'ta call you Little  Dick Wick. Hey, wasn't there a song  we made up to go with that? Shut up! Little Dick Wick, play with his prick  Don't his smell, just make you sick. And most of all... fuck you! God damn it, that motherfucker got  blood all over my best clown suit. Alright then, out of all of Charlie's  chicks who do you think is the  hottest? I guess if I had to choose I'd say...  mmmmmm... Sandra Good. She seemed  like a nice girl, I mean in a psycho  kind of way. Really? Huh, I thought for sure you'd  say Lynette Fromme. She's got that  snooty vibe I know you dig. Sqeaky! No way, she ain't that hot. She's pretty cute. Yeah but, she reminds me of this  chick that I remember from fourth  grade... called a... shit, what did  we call her? Oh yeah, Patty Pee-pee Pants... when  ever she got called on by Miss  Chumski, this chick would piss in  her pants and start bawling. There always one kid with no bodily  controls. We had this dude, Jeff  Baxter, he was a puker. The fucker  would just sit there puke all over  himself. Better than pissing... anyway so,  what's your choice? If we're talking cute... like regular  cute, I'd say Leslie Van Houton, but  cute ain't hot. Yeah, no shit. As far a hot... goes I gotta go  with... Ruth Ann Moorehouse. Oh yeah, I forgot about her. She was  pretty hot. Fuck yeah, she is. I'd join a cult  to get some of that... and the best  part is she didn't try to kill the  President or nothing, so that baggage  ain't hanging around. I thought she tried to murder a  witness for the prosecution. I'll let it slide, she was only  seventeen. Dude, talk about baggage, that ain't  no carry-on shit, that's some heavy  duty Samsonite shit. Yeah, I guess... hot chicks are always  nuts. Hot has got nothing to do with it. Hold on, I've heard this before...  but I can't remember the end. So, the guy goes to Hell and the  devil says, "do you smoke?" The guy  say, "yeah"... the devil say, "great  cause Tuesday is cigar night, sweetest  Cuban cigars you ever had." Shit, we really need to find some  gas. Then the devil asks, "do you drink?"  Guy says, "yeah"... devil say,  "wonderful, Wednesday is free drinks  night, best booze you ever had...  all made from the finest stuff." Yeah. Then the devil says, "are you gay?"  Guy says, "fuck no"... Devil says,  "Well then, I guess you're gonna  hate Thursdays." Oh yeah, I remember now. Yeah, no shit I just told ya. Hey, you think this place called  Alien Ed's UFO Welcoming Center is  still around? It says, "Where the  Fact is separated from the Fantasy." I dunno... we'll ask around as we  get closer. Man, I really don't want  to run out of gas out here in the  middle of Petticoat Junction, man. Don't panic yourself, way too much  caffeine guy... I see a sign. Captain Spaulding's Museum of Madmen  and Monsters... cool. Also... fried  chicken and... gasoline... next exit. Perfect. I hope this place is cool. We could  use something interesting to liven  up chapter 12. I'll pump the gas. Go inside and see  if it's worth thinking about. OK, Boss. Holy crap. You gotta see this place.  It's awesome. How awesome? Really fucking awesome. Wake up the chicks and bust out the  camera awesome? Hell yeah. Wakey, wakey, eggs and bakey. Come on, babe. Me and Bill found a  kick ass place. Grab Mary and come inside. I ain't no rich man, but I see the  truth. You do not have to go to Hell.  You are in Hell. This is Hell. All  American Hell. ...true heaven in my hands... I'm  gonna blow Satan back through the  door to Hell. How long have you been running this  place? How long is a piece of string? Too  God damn long, that's how long. No, really. Shit, I don't remember exactly. I  took over for my Pa just after the  Duke nabbed the Oscar. The Duke? Yeah, my Pa wasn't right in the head  after that. You mean John Wayne? Hell, boy there some other Duke you  know about? A great American. Yeah, I was never that big of a  western fan. I like science fiction. I figured that much. Why the fuck  you asking so many jackass questions  for? You see me and my friends are writing  a book on offbeat roadside  attractions. You know all the crazy  shit you see when you drive cross  country. I don't drive cross country. But if you did. I don't. But suppose for a second you did. Y'all find us country people real  funny like don't ya... well, God  damn pack up the mule and sling me  some grits, I'ze a gotta get me some  schooling. No, no I think it's really  interesting. Well fuck me Side Sally, who want to  read about all that horse shit anyway. You'd be surprised. Would it be OK  if we took some pictures and included  this place in our book? Hey, knock yourself silly. You got some really rare stuff here... ...dig your Feegee mermaid. Great, you're back. Let's go. We  already paid for the tickets. This isn't everything. Get ready for  this... there's a Museum of Murder  and Mayhem. Aw, come on. It will be fun. We'll need pictures of the inside  too. Anytime this year, people. Alright  line your asses up in front of the  black door. The tour is about to  begin. Ladies and gentlemen, you are about  to enter a world of darkness. A world  where life and death are meaningless  and pain is God. To your left you see the infamous  Albert Fish. Sadist, masochist, child killer and  most of all importantly cannibal.  Born in 1870, Mr. Fish enjoyed burning  himself with hot pokers, spankings  with nail-studded paddles and  embedding needles in his groin. On  the right, notice the X-ray... ...showing clearly 29 sewing needles  inserted in to his groin. Mr. Fish  was executed in 1936 at the age of To your right. One of our most popular  crazies, the psycho of Plainfield,  Ed Gein. Murderer, cannibal and momma's little  bitch boy. Mr. Gein found special  pleasure in playing with the dead  bodies of women, especially their  sexual organs. He was quite a handy  little dandy, fashioning lamp shades,  jewelry and human skin suits from  his victims. Mr. Gein was discovered  when the decapitated body of Bernice  Worden was found gutted like a deer,  hanging in his barn. And now I would like to introduce a  local hero, S. Quentin Quale, a.k.a.  The Butcher Boy, a.k.a. Nurse Nellie  and most famously a.k.a. Dr. Satan. Murderer, torturer and most of all  master surgeon. Mr. Quale an intern  at Willows State Mental Hospital,  nicknamed Weeping Willows for its  neverending cries of pain, took great  pleasure in control. Through primitive  brain surgery. Mr. Quale believed he  could create a race of superhumans  from the mentally ill, or so the  story goes. His terrifying experiments  continued until 1952. At which time he was discovered and  turned over to authorities for  observation. Unfortunately, Mr. Quale  was abducted from his cell by members  of the victims' families. Vigilante  justice prevailed and Dr. Satan was  taken out and hanged. The next day  his body was found to be missing.  Some say he survived, rescued by his  loyal slaves, others say they hung  the wrong man... To this day no sign  of Dr. Satan has ever been discovered.  But who knows? Maybe he lives next  door to you. Please exit through the door. Hello... ...hey Denise... what, what's wrong,  did you break down? Oh yeah, yeah I've driven by that  place before. I seem to remember a  crabby old bastard in a crummy clown  suit running the place. Well, don't take too long, the kids  are already knocking down the door  demanding their sugar fix... I know,  I know I forgot to mention that  Halloween falls on a school night,  so they're trick or treating  tonight... I got the joint decked  out this year, built a graveyard in  the front yard like when you were a  kid. Well, just promise me you'll be  careful... alright, alright see ya  soon... good-bye. I'm gonna go ask him. Shit, it is only sprinkling and it's  worth the trouble. Hold on for two  seconds. I know it's hard to understand, but  I really want to see this tree. OK, alright I'll draw you a map, but  I still say it is a waste of time. Great. I like sleep. We hit the jackpot! Let's roll, good  buddy. We got ourselves a convoy. Fried chicken. Anybody want some? I don't know where that skunk ape  sleeps. Maybe in the trees and all...  all I know is he eats squirrels to  survive and he had impure relations  with my wife. If I see that thing again... I'm a  gonna kill that skunk ape. What does it look like? Hold up the picture. Keep straight on this road here. How much further? I'm not exactly sure... it looks  close. Did we pass an abandoned school  bus yet? I don't know. Come on, we need something like this.  It could be the real deal. It's too  far out of the way to come back to. What's that? It's a hitchhiker. Way out here? It's a girl. Hey, maybe she knows where this is? We can't leave her out here in the  rain... maybe we can just drop her  at the next rest area. She looks like she stinks. Cat fight, cat fight. Really, that's a long time. Yikes. Where ya headed? Where's that? Hey, you might know... ...you know where this tree is at?  It's an old hanging tree from... Really, wow, so it's really a real  thing. Deadwood, is that what it's called?  Cool, will you show us? What? Huh... what cone? I always hate saying the word cheese,  every time you get your picture  taken... smile, say cheese. What about the tree? Cool. Which way? This is WJRC News at the top of the  hour... Investigators in Clairemont  County are no closer to identifying  the body of a young woman found  crucified to the doors of St. Mary's  Church yesterday morning. Local police and State Officials  have released this report... What's that? I don't know. Looks like some kind  of animal. There's a dog in the road. He won't move. There's not enough room. Hey, he moved. That reminds me of a film I saw once  of a guy who got out of his car at  Lion Country Safari to take a picture  of a lion cub and got eaten by the  lions. Oh yeah, I heard about that. I always  thought it was bullshit. No... yeah, they ripped him to pieces  while his family watched from the  car. The wife is screaming, the kids  are crying. Some dude in another car  filmed the whole thing. The lions were totally covered in  this guy's blood... I think they ate  his face off, tore open his rib cage,  pulled his legs off... it was a wild  scene. What was that? Fuck. I think we blew a tire. OK, let's relax. I'll check it, maybe  I'm wrong. Don't everybody freak out  just yet. I'll help ya. Gee, ya think it wouldn't be too  much trouble. I hope you fixed the spare like I  asked ya. Yeah, I fixed it. Well, I ain't...  um, I can't remember. I think I took  it out to fit the bags and forgot to  put it back. Jesus Christ, Jerry. Well, technically I did what ya said. You're a real fucking piece of work. Well, I got some bad news and some  bad news. Tire's fucking gone crap on us, man.  There's no saving it now. And the spare is safely sitting in  Jerry's garage. I guess I'll try to back it out on  the rim... at least to the main road. I think we should go straight. I  mean we know for a fact there ain't  nothing back that way, right? Fine. I'll go straight. Fine! I'll go straight! Fuck! We are fucked! OK, whatever. Let's go get your  brother's truck. Faster we get the  truck, faster we get out of here. I'll go. It's my fault. Forget it. I'll just go. Don't worry, I'll be quick. Just  stay here, no sense everybody getting  drenched. I agree. Don't worry, I'll be right back. Don't forget the flashlight, it's  pretty dark out there. Thanks. No problem. If that plane leaves the ground and  you're not with him you'll regret  it... maybe not today, maybe not  tomorrow but soon and for the rest  of your life. We'll always have Paris. We didn't  have, we lost it... until you came  to Casablanca. We got it back last  night. And you never will. How much further? Well, yeah, kind of. Hey, listen to this... I think this  is related to our Dr. Satan. Yeah, in this book there's a chapter  called Self Made Freaks about how  people would mutilate themselves in  order to work in a freak show. It  mostly talks about tattooed people  and wild men of Borneo and shit like  that, but there is one mention of a  single case where a woman was  suspected of having her arms removed  on purpose to become an arm-less  wonder. It says, "records show that Ellie  Thompson was born in 1914 of normal  physical stature and lived a life of  normal bearings, until such time  that she was placed in the care of  the Willows State Mental Facility." Now she was put in the nuthouse in  1930 at the age of 16. Blah, blah, blah... it doesn't say,  but she was released sometime in  1937, only to reappear as Ellie  Bogdan, the arm-less wonder. Says  she, "criss-crossed the United States  constantly in carnivals and freak  shows until her death in 1946." These dates perfectly correspond  with the time frame of our beloved  Dr. Satan working at the looney bin.  I'll bet he amputated her arms. I don't know, I just thought it was  interesting. I don't... ...I just thought it was weird. Huh? Oh, don't blow everything out of  proportion. When? Aw, get over it, she's just some  dopey redneck, she ain't smart enough  to be up to nothing... I mean  anything... chicks. OK. Christ, you scared the shit out of  me. Is your brother ready to go? He left! What... what! Hold on, hold on! Everybody calm  down! It's the tow truck guy. OK lassies, I think it's time you  get to gripping reality. I should of thought that was loud  enough to wake the dead... that's an  idea. What is? Wouldn't it be dramatic, supposing  the people inside were dead. All  stretched out with the lights quietly  burning about them. So, you live here alone... I mean  with just your brother? Um, yeah sure, I guess. Thank you. Hey, um... ...what kind of animal is that? Mmmmm, this is tasty. I wonder what time it is. Seems kind  of late. What? No, I'm was worried that... I  was just wondering what's taking so  long. That's not something to joke about. Hey, great they're back. Aaaahooooh, the Doctor is in! Don't  move, don't scream. Stay tuned for  more creature craziness from channel  68's Halloween eve movie marathon.  I'm your host... your ghost host  with the most, baby... Dr. Wolfenstein  and will be with you until the end.  Aaaaaaahooooooh! Hey, nice outfit Billy Bob. Dude, your chick's a little high  strung. Mary, I'm sorry but he left without  me. Mary... come on, you don't think  I'd leave you stranded out there. Hey, maybe the guy with the tow truck  could drive us to a phone. Oh, right. Um, I'm Jerry... that's Bill... Denise  and Mary. Yeah, maybe R.J. could just tow us  and our car to the nearest garage. Well, I thought I'd maybe take in a  hoedown. I don't doubt that. And I'm gonna help put the razor  blades in the candy apples. I was just kidding. The yard, what's that? Yes, thank you. Thank you very much. There well, who knew there was love  to be found in The Old Dark House.  Coming up next, do not move a muscle,  an artery or a vein as we venture  into another creepy classic... are  you ready for THE WOLFMAN, baby? Whatever it is just do it. The more  we play along the faster we'll get  the hell out of here. Hey, I'm just waiting for Cousin Itt  to show up. Is that why he wears the mask? Great. I thought I felt a certain  attraction between Mary and Tiny  soon as he walked in. Didn't ya think, Mary? Oh, don't worry she didn't get  offended by what I said. You two got  to lighten up... right, Bill? Whatever, at this point all I care  about is food. I'm starving and I  got a fucking killer headache. Hey, I asked you if you wanted some  chicken. Didn't look like chicken to me, more  like fried pussy cat. Tasted pretty good. God damn it, I can do it. I can do  it myself, ya big monkey. I ain't  dead yet... so don't you and your  sister start counting out my money  yet. God damn, my dogs are barking. Hello, Denise? Oh, yeah... no, Fred. I was hoping  you were Denise, she's a little late. Yeah, yeah I'm sure the rain just  slowed 'em down... yeah... uh-huh,  yeah... no, no you can keep it 'til  Tuesday... alright, talk to ya  tomorrow, bye. Christ kid, put it on. She ain't  letting any of us touch the grub  'til you're wearing the damn thing. I've been meaning to ask you, Mrs...  Ummmm. Firefly... mmmmm odd name. Mrs.  Firefly, do you know anything about  the legend of Dr. Satan? Here we go. It's all talk, yakty yak, like a  bunch of hungry chipmunks... Christ,  Dr. Satan. That takes the bull's  nuts alright... ...hey, I hear some genius up north  got a hot line on the Easter Bunny  for ya. I know all about what you want to  know about. Now, I don't know where you heard  all your little fairy fables about  Dr. Satan but... From a Captain Spaulding down at  some museum. That old bitch hog don't know shit.  He tells cute little tattle-tales to  sell his junk, but he don't sell no  Yankee boys no truth. But something happened, right? I  mean the story is based on a real  incident, right? What are you, Jimmy Olsen cub reporter  for the Daily Asshole? I ain't sure that you really need to  know. It's better you go home still  dreaming about your kitty cats and  puppy dogs. I really want to know. Hey, the kid wants to know. Enlighten  him. Boy, I bet you'd stick your head in  the fire if I told ya you'd see  Hell... meanwhile you too stupid to  realize you got a demon sticking out  your ass singing, "Holy Miss Moly, I  got a live one." Dinner's over. Ladies and Germs... it's showtime. What's he so excited about? Oh, you mean on TV. Great. This is way too fucked up for words. Just grin and bear it. Well, ya can't complain I never take  you anyplace. I can't believe what I'm seeing. I know, this is fucking nuts. Just sit back and enjoy the show. Ladies and gentlemen, straight from  his smash six week sold out run at  Tiki-Ti Club... the Stardust lounge  is proud to present Mr. Sexy  himself... Grampa Hugo. Hey, let me tell ya a story... so  I'm hanging out with my buddy Hal  Jackowictz and I'm like, hey Hal  let's go get some booze and chase  the chickens... fucking Hal says no,  no the old battle axe at home will  break my balls... I gotta get my ass  home. So, I tell 'im... Hal, here's the  secret. Go home tonight, crawl into  bed, get under the covers and eat  your wife's pussy... I mean jam your  face right in the bush. I don't know, I think he's funny. So, Hal goes home, jumps in, starts  chomping and licking away at her  pussy, she's screaming and howling...  totally passes out from the  experience. Now, Hal... He's feeling pretty good,  so he goes into the bathroom for a  quick shave... ...suddenly he lets out a horrible  scream. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Sitting there on the toilet is Hal's  wife Gloria... and she says, "Quiet  down, you'll wake Grandma!" Thank you, you're too kind, too  kind... stay in your seats, coming  up next we got something special for  you men out there. Man, it's already ten thirty. Negative. Shit, we are so deep in  the sticks we could walk for hours  and find zero. Yeah, I'd say at this point all we  can do is just wait it out. There's  nothing else. Shhhhhh. Quiet. Car's done. Don't look back, just get in the  car. Almost there. Jesus, you think she was really gonna  cut you? I gotta open the gate. It won't work. Holy fuck, hurry up. Hi. Lieutenant Broekman please...  Donald Willis. Hey, Phil... Yeah, I'm alright... but I need you  to check on something for me. I'm a little worried about Denise.  She called me last night from the  road, out by Ruggsville at some joint  called Spaulding's or something like  that, said she'd be here about  eleven... but she never showed up. Yeah, if you could run a check on up  that way and see about any accidents  or road closing or anything, I'd  really appreciate it... ...yeah, yeah, I know... I'm sure  nothing happened but, you know me I  like to worry... thanks... bye. Shut your fucking mouth! I said shut your mouth! Listen, you Malibu Barbie middle  class piece of shit. I'm trying to  work, you got me, work... you ever  work? Yeah, I'll bet you did. Scooping ice  cream to your shitheel friends on  summer break... well, I ain't talking  about white socks with Mickey Mouse  on one side and Donald Duck on the  other... shit, you ain't reading no  funny books, mamma. This is blood and guts, Suzy Q. Our  bodies come and go, but this blood  is forever... ...let me read you something, listen  and learn... you listening? And the angels, all pallid and wan,  Uprising, unveiling, affirm That the  play is the tragedy "Man" And its  hero the Conqueror Worm... ...you get that? Art is eternal, you  get me, mamma? Now, I'm gonna remove my hand... you  make a sound and I swear I'll slit  you open and make you eat your own  fucking intestines... you get me? Doing what? Messy up your day? Well,  fuck lady there are some bigger issues  at hand... than your fucking have a  nice fucking day bumper sticker shit! Well, Bill... he's a good guy, he's  been great help to me... a real  blessing... I couldn't have asked  for a better specimen. I mean you  don't know what a dry spell I've  had, total block... ...total block... but Bill he's OK. Let's go see. Behold... The Fish-Boy! Oh, it's real... as real as I want  it to be, mamma... ...look, see the magic in my brush  strokes. Oh, come now... we're all creatures  of God and freaks in our own way... ...but if you'll notice... right here, needs a little something,  heh? You, my dear worm feeder, are about  to become immortalized. Right. Get a load of all this crap... this  is one sick place. Whoever's a jerking off on that bell  better be gone when I get out there...  'cause I'm gonna rip your nuts off. Officers, officers what can I do for  you today? I ain't fried up the birds  yet... if that's what you're ring a  ding dinging about. Well, I'll try but I don't know  nothing 'bout nobody. I'm a guy who  likes to mind his own business, if  ya get what I'm saying. Yeah, yeah I seen her. Good looking  kid, but not really my type... ...I like meaty, eh? Hey ass clown, how 'bout some answers.  He ain't interested in your love  life. Hmmmmmmmmm? Aw, she was with some nosey, smartass  high-rise kids. They were poking  around... asking stupid questions. Questions about what? This and that, mostly some tired Dr.  Satan bullshit... they got a gander  at the display back there and thought  they could solve the great Deadwoods  mystery. And I gave 'em directions out there,  up by the old farm row... I figured  what's the harm. Stupid kids probably  going out to piss up a rope and got  themselves turned around backasswards  and got lost as shit. Yeah, they weren't here but a few  minutes, didn't really have time to  get as up close and personal as I do  with most of the assholes that wander  through here. Yeah, yeah, sure. You don't have to  get all True Grit all over my ass...  I'll give'm to ya... you can knock  yourself silly for all I care. Yeah, fun. Boss, the way I see it is these kids  probally stop off somewhere, bought  a bunch of booze and are off getting  shitfaced. Your Spidey senses tingling. You know, your hyper sensitive Spidey  senses... like Spider-man... ...you know, like in the comics. You know, his senses start tingling...  when he was approaching danger and  shit. Hulk was dumb as shit. What. Plates match. You all having a Halloween party  tonight? You all sure are buying a lot of  holy water for two people. Yeah, yeah... ...I like to fuck shit up. Actually it's G. Ober... Gerry Ober,  but the guys drew in the other O,  fucking assholes. Ummmm... two hundred and eighty-five  dollars. Holy crap, thanks! Hey, wait take this. A missing girl. I use'ta go to school  with her, she just up and disappeared  some day... real weird. Aliens. What'd we here, Georgie? Holy Jesus, somebody had themselves  a field day beating the shit outta  this thing. Recover any bodies? Shit, I wonder what these kids did  to bring this much hell down on 'em. That's the understatement of the  year. Hey, I found something. What'd ya got there? Keys. Well Christ boy, don't stand there  like a prize dog dick with his  butthole caught up a tree. Huh? Open up the trunk. Yes, sir. You find something, Georgie? You sure this guy's supposed to ride  with us? Seems kind of weird. Sounds like a bad idea to me, probally  just get in the way. I guess not. Yes, sir. Hey. George Willis... ...any leads? That's it? Dr. Satan? Yeah it's horseshit, just some  boogieman crap that the kids like to  scare each other with. What about the body you found? Local girl, Karen Murphy, been missing  for a couple months, figured for a  runaway. Fit the profile? No, not really. Good kid, never been  in any trouble. Christ, you know it's crazy... I lived through so many other people's  nightmares, you know. Always cool  and calm, but... but I never thought  I'd be the one needing help, ya know? Don't worry, we'll find her. God damn bitch, what the fuck are  you waiting for... Charles Nelson  Reilly don't know shit... Watch that bitch, she's thinking  about that Klugman bangin' Brett  Sommers, pick motherfucking Richard  Dawson. He's the fucking slick jack Match  Game man, mamma. Where do they find these people? Christ, four kids couldn't just  disappear. No they couldn't, somebody had to  see something. My Denise is a smart girl, she  wouldn't do anything stupid, and her  boyfriend, he always seemed like a  good kid. I pray to God there is. Turn up this road. Where we headed? Right... ...come on. What! God damn, how many? What? How many? Don't worry about it. I'm sure there's more than that...  fucking pigs always travel in packs... ...here, take this. Go down stairs and play nice... I'm  a gonna go 'round back and handle  things like I always fucking do. Shit, don't these packrat hillbillies  throw anything away? Shhhh... you hear that? Yeah, I hear it... where's it coming  from? Over here, inside the smokehouse. Anybody in there? We gotta break it open. I ain't got a warrant. Tell it to my daughter. Shit... fuck procedure. Jesus Christ. Call Wydell. Wydell. We found one. Wydell! Over! Wydell! Over! Fuck, go to the car... call for  backup. Tell 'em officer down. Right. Hands up, bitch! Turn around, real slow... piggy-pie. Interlock your fingers behind your  head... ...do it! Kneel. It is midnight my little boils and  ghouls, the witching hour. Time for  all monsters, murderers, maniacs and  madmen to go to work... so lock your  doors and bolt your windows, sit  back and prepare for a fright night  classic... ...The House of Frankenstein. Get those motherfucker... those high  water bitches and rocketship  daisies... kill 'em, kill 'em. Show me, show me, show me, show me! Otis, Otis, Otis, Otis! I shot an elephant in my pajamas  this morning... how he got in my  pajamas I'll never know. Then we tried to remove the tusks,  but they were embedded in so firmly  that we couldn't budge 'em. Of course, in Alabama the Tuscaloosa,  but that's entirely irrelephant. I'm the one who brings the Christmas  candy... now tell me ...Who's your Daddy? I'm the one who brings the devil's  brandy... Yes! I'm the one who beats you when  you're bad... I'm the one who loves you when you're  fucking dead! Now, I say my little darlings... maybe prancing around where you don't  belong ain't such a winner of an  idea... And you, the great rusher of fools,  what were you after... Huh, speak to me... Oh, that's right, Dr. Satan...  everybody got to know about Dr. Satan,  Jesus Christ, let the old dog rest  for fuck sake, he's already got one  foot in the grave and the other's  tap dancing around the edge... ...well, I can see the disappointment  on your sad little puppy face... so  I'm gonna do you a favor, a big, big  favor. You owe me, boy. I'm gonna  let you meet the old bastard. That's a horse's ass alright, I told  you. Baby, roll that old love machine  over here, so this boy can meet his  hero. You see it's all true, the boogieman  is real and you found him... ...why so sad? Isn't this what you  begged for? There he is, the living  legend himself, ta da Dr. Satan.  Now, don't get shy on me... ask your  hero some questions, don't blow this  last in a lifetime opportunity. Zarkoff, I will conquer the sea, the  air, the earth... the universe. Aw gee whiz, I'm so excited... I  really think you're the coolest...  you're tops on the playground, cooler  than the Fonzie. What the fuck are you saying? Who  the hell is talking to me? Dump in the pit, dump in the pit,  dump in the pit. Alright, alright. Cut 'em down, it's  time they get what they came here  for. Hold this. Point it over here. Hey happy-boy, step your ass up here. Please don't kill us, please don't  kill us. Bitch, shut your mouth and get your  shit in the box. Let us go, please... let the girls  go. Get in... now! Please, let us go, we won't tell  anybody. Christ, ain't this fucking a hoot...  alright mamma, I ain't got all fucking  night. Please, please this is insane. You  can't do this. It is and I can... next. Where's she think she's a gonna get  to? She's gonna run all the way home. Well, go get her. Think, think. Try to open the lid,  try to kick a hole in the wood. I know, but we can make it out of  here. We can do it. That was good babe, just keep doing  that. Someone is out there... ...help, we're in here! Hold on, girly, what's the problem? Well, I don't see what the fuck you're  getting at, but I got some friends  that live just up this road. 