Tell the jury how many people work in that office with you and Mr. Viznick. On the day of the murders what did the defendant request? And on the day of the murders, his state of mind? And how would you describe him? I'm gonna go make a stink. Sit tight. I'll make sure you get a change of clothes. You have to tell me who did it. Sure it is. If the guards did this, we can file charges. George, come in. What the hell happened to you?Of course not. They put him through severe mental stress. Causing this aneurysm. You should know I never felt Mr. Birdson needed anything but professional psychiatric care. And then, minutes after they left, he suffered a stroke. He's comatose. No brain wave activity at all. You're aware that this woman was party to the so-called exorcism. When your secretary called, she made no mention of her coming, too. Mr. Kelson, what a pleasure to meet you. I have to say your instincts about the criminally insane are impeccable. I am a fan. I think I should join you. I'm aware of that, but I don't think he's in any condition to make requests. I'm trying to appeal to your more...logical self, Father. I'm concerned about harm to my patient. This patient has been plagued with temporal lobe seizures. You know I'm not comfortable with this. There is a medical explanation for everything that happened. The patient was in great distress. Naturally he was...yelling. I certainly hope you're not lending any credence to this.I don't have the experience. Father Thomas should officiate. You have a sister in New Orleans. I've had it. Townsend's dead. The police are calling and now I see you having a scene in front of the children. I'm sorry, Maya, you've been with us for many years, but effective immediately, I'm rescinding your right to live at the church. Is he going to be okay? But bad judgement. And now you see how dangerous the consequences can be. The doctor's concerned he may never come out of this dementia. Maya, for the last time, I will not tolerate these obsessions. Please, Maya. I'm trying to get us into the next century and you insist on this medieval nonsense. I don't mean to belittle you, but we've been through this before. Satan is not what you think he is. Satan is not some creature.What time did you make it for? Yes. It's exactly... Well, if Peter here would hop off his laurels long enough to marry you... Nonsense, it's all of our home. So how's work treating you? What a...jerk! I had to. There was no other way. Their deaths were part of the greatest legacy I could have given you. You are my son. Don't you see the opportunity that lies before you? Everything I did, I did for you. I love you, Peter. Think of it. I'm giving you a gift, absolute power and knowledge. It was perfect. The harder I pushed, the more you pulled away. Don't you get it? They had their 2,000 years. Now it's our turn. Peter. Your life must matter to you because it matters to all of us who love you. No matter, my son, he believes in you. Listen to me, Peter. You can't let the ravings of a madman disturb you, okay? He spoke to you? What is it? Given all that's happened, I understand. The world is random, but then there's faith. Where are you in death without it? Between your book sales and this TV thing, there's going to be no living with you. And let me guess, you boiled God down to a conceit. How're you doing? Looking lovely as always.Goodbye. You do know, don't you. That these are also numbers. Greek numbers, 600, 60 and 6 - or 666. The sign of the Devil. Suit yourself. But does this mean anything to you? Viznick will get off and Michael's got a crush on you. But she worships you. Your mother's dead but your father's alive. You are the younger of two...Nice suit. The police used him as a witness in this case. He can see you Thursday. Mr. Kelson, here's the stuff you wanted on pathological narcissism.Just me. He asked to go home early. He said he was bothered by all the people who kept telling him what to do. Seemed...on edge. Quiet. Real quiet... Yes.You really had me going, Claire. I was finally ready to propose to you. So you're going to kill her? Put the gun down Claire. I found the pentacle. I thought the spare set was in the kitchen drawer. I found them in your file box. What're these? Claire... I believe in you. I'm just temporarily off my game. It's with me all the time, Claire, I just don't like to talk about it. Yeah, like... You're glad somebody tried to kill me? I'm gonna have to get a restraining order. What a nightmare. I can't believe Will killed him. Yeah, I appreciate it. Thanks, Josef. What happened? Well, it's a nice surprise. Should I hit the "stop" button? Forgot my car keys. What are you doing on the fourth floor? No. Of course not. Mmmm. Anago. My favorite. Says she can get me in to see this killer. Sorry. It's just...a strange woman waltzes into my office today. Tells me she murdered her parents and can prove Satan exists. Hmmm. Uh...sure...I...what? Weird. The book again. Sex spelled backwards... Shi... Sorry, honey. I was having the weirdest dream. It's probably trivial. It's Susan's cooking, Claire. That's why Uncle James lets them stay. She's a talk show host. They can't be charmed. By definition. Do you think they have a room here? So you don't believe his condition is the result of anything supernatural? No, I wasn't, actually. My secretary? Quite a compliment coming from you, doctor. You killed my parents. You raised me, like a son. You lied to me my whole life. Everything you said, everything you did. So all that bullshit about God and faith. You fucking bastard. You know, I respect that you have such faith, James. I don't understand it, but I want you to know that despite our differences, I admire you and I always will. But it's true. I have no faith. It's strange. When that gun was pointed at my face tonight, I was surprised, but never frightened. It was as if I knew nothing could possibly happen to me and...in that one moment I didn't care about anything. Not eve my own life. You're right, but it's funny. All my life I thought I was simply a man who didn't believe in any of it. Yeah. It didn't make any sense. Something he said, just before... You know how I feel. The world is random. The only certainty I believe in is death. You ready? It's me. Put the gun down. Maya... How much time do we have? And what's that mean? And his message was "Together, no matter what?" Terrific. What did he say to you in French? So, what does it mean. The ark sank and the sun set? What can I do? Sure. I don't know. Extra apartment keys. What's it matter? Plenty of time. What about after? Why didn't you just go along with Townsend. Get rid of me. I would've... No oxygen to the brain. Close call. For the first time in a long time, it's really hitting me. Life's tenuous. Why did you lie to me about your parents' deaths? That's true. We're going to do this. What do you mean? Are you alright? What's the bible for? I don't know. Probably have a copy of my birth certificate...my apartment. That can't be right. My birthday's tomorrow. Hang on, get it up, go on, higher. What? You okay? What? What's the...OH SHIT! I'll go outside and take a look in the garage. I'm going to look around. What are you looking for exactly? When Townsend tried to kill me, he said something strange like... "The time of transformation is near..." And if what you're saying is true, what would happen to me? So...then the coroner's report is probably wrong. I mean...this is ridiculous. There's been a mistake. I don't believe any of this. I looked at the coroner's report. My father's O positive and my mother...A negative. Yes. So what? Yes, I know. But I was baptized. And I certainly wasn't born of incest. I don't understand what's going on. If you or any of your lunatic friends ever come near me again... My parents are dead. Don't even think of bringing them into this. I'm not going to be drawn into this. You should think about getting professional help. Trick him. Why didn't Birdson just say so? What?!?! And the point is? Why did he try to kill me? Last night a guy named John Townsend tried to shoot me and now I find out you knew him. What the fuck is going on? We need to talk. Well, why should I? Alright, what's your name, where do you live, when did you kill your parents? And this is evil? The guy had an aneurysm and now he's in a coma. Where do you get off pretending to be my secretary? So what'd I miss? I cranked it all the way up. Nothing but hum. It was blank. Nothing on it. You gave me the wrong one. I think you gave me the wrong one. The world would be so much simpler if it were all just about good and evil. Unfortunately I find it much more slippery and elusive place. I'll bet. I do. What's that got to do with you? Well, then it all seems to be working out for you. Listen, Ms...? Ooooooh-kayyyyyy. Well, by saying that, you're acknowledging the existence of a higher power. Which, to a narcissist, is impossible. A narcissist doesn't admit it. It's the extreme of self-denial. Not the most popular opinion, but yes. Listen, I'm sorry, but I'm running late. Not pure evil. That's correct. Thank you. Do you work in the building? You coming from the party? Yes... and you are? May I help you? ...as a narcissist, he couldn't blame himself. He created the voices after the fact. Get out of here. You know what? You can go. Nothing you couldn't find out from reading the papers. And you're already wrong on one count. I'd appreciate it if you'd put that back. I'll be at Bedford tonight, if you need me. I think it's gonna be a waste of time. What about that psychic, what's his name, Szabo? We millionaires yet? Yeah. You know what they say. You have the same chance of winning whether you play or not. Lemme guess. The lottery. Of course. Right. If you believe in God. As a narcissist, Viznick couldn't blame himself for the alleged murders. He created the voices after the fact. In order to avoid the simple truth that there is no outside force that guides George Viznick and that George Viznick needs to pay. Well, George Viznick is in the grayest of gray areas in the sanity spectrum. Viznick is not psychotic. He's simply unable to submit to any higher authority. Well, we all have a degree of narcissism, Sally, but a malignant narcissist is dangerously self-obsessed. As if there's another cause for little voices? No, Sally, Viznick's a manipulator, he's clever, he has what I call malignant narcissism. There weren't any voices. No, the less mystifying. Good and evil are only illusions. There is no such thing as evil with a capital "E." That suggests some third party bad guy pulling all the strings. Well, long-term exposure to things like this tends to give you a sort of clinical understanding of the subject. After awhile, you begin to make friends with it, so to speak. Thanks for having me, Sally. Where is she now? She told me she killed them. What happened? Parents died? She came to me with a wild story about demonic possession. It's another day. I think I'm alright. What's up? Thanks again for everything. Thanks for handling this. He could see me. He's looking right at me. You're too old to smoke. Won't be able to shoot hoops with your grandkid. Seems George isn't making too many friends in lockup. What's this? Really? You know, seeing these guys away from the court, the facade slips. You catch things. Mike. Oh, the christening. I meant to call...Two negatives always make a positive. You just call? What's his name? You need his blood-type. Like right away. How many weeks are you honey/ Kelson, hold on a second...Had to let her go. I see you thinkin' there, superstar. Don't. We hauled her in earlier but didn't have anything hard to tie her to Townsend. Far as the priest goes, he won't be bothering you. Suffered a complete mental breakdown, during - get this - during an exorcism. Not what the records show. Anyway, she was a runaway, arrests for vandalism, petty theft, drugs, the whole bit. Parole records show she graduated from community college, moved into a retreat house, teaches some classes at the seminary school, hasn't been in any trouble since. Mother killed the father, then killed herself. Crime of passion. Yeah, murder-suicide. She's got a juvenile record from New Orleans. Parents died when she was 13. You got the right attitude, anyway, look, we gotta talk. How're you doin' today? Hey, don't thank me. Somebody up there likes you. Sure thing. Look, I've got enough, between your preliminary statements and all the witness accounts. You can go home. Gimme til morning. Find out who he is. Until then, don't sweat it, huh? Just your random bad cheese trying to hole you. I'll quit, maybe you should start. What's the matter with you? Yeah, look at that sweet face. You'd never guess he killed nine people. I'm gonna get my smokes. Be right back. So you can see where you're going when you crawl up his asshole. Yeah, yeah. I've heard it before. Just be sure you spell my name right. Nine o'clock? So, Viznick's got a meet with his lawyer in the ayem. Yeah, right. I don't know why I bothered inviting you guys. I knew you wouldn't show. Hey! Mr. big shot.I'm not waiting until it's too late. You don't want to face it. Sure of what? Who cares if this guy is devoid of faith or sleeps over a pentacle? Results are what Lareaux would want. It's useless...look at him. Alright, Maya. We'll do it your way. I've dealt with these people before, Maya. They're not going to help us. A lot of good that'll do. And what are you thinking we should do now? Maya? What do you mean? Hello? Whish the circumstances were different.