Hugh, I'm impressed.. In the envelope in my pocket. My right.. jacket..pocket.. Hugh, take care of the Nekhorvich memory card. You're not scrutinizing any casual shrug for some hair-splitting nuance, are you? One considers her timing, of course - getting nicked within a week of the plane going down. Suggestive, even borderline suspicious, but hardly conclusive. From her point of view or mine? - right - - don't go too far ahead of me now - - pull the NO2 tank and dump it, it's potential evidence.. In just a few hours you can be assured of going down in history as the typhoid Mary of Oz. G'day. If it'll make you feel any better, you're going to take a lot of Aussies with you and make me a lot of money. God damn it, Nyah! Why did you do it? Why did you save that bastard? Feel like pleading for your life? Ulrich will be about. He'll look after you. Yes. We won't be able to have dinner tonight. Something's come up. I hope you don't mind. And you're going to have time. There's been a change of plans. To do what? Then don't say it. You picked another winner! What else? See anything you like? Say no more. I'm off to grab a drink. Still favor Bellinis? What made you pick <i>that</i> nag? She'd never won a bloody thing. You won. Won't do, love. It's not spring. It's nearly autumn..You're in Oz. everything's upside down and backwards here. I said you're beautiful, Nyah. Oh, I am. Later.. Mmmm. Magic... How I usually find you, Nyah. On what. How grateful? Not much luggage. Sit down. You'll be a billionaire. Better than being broke. I've got terrorists and other pharmaceutical companies standing in line. Ball's in your court, Mr. McCloy. In downtown Sydney for a start. An outbreak of <i>Chimera.</i> Good. Biocyte stock is just a week or two away from going through the roof. Oh, Hunt, please! One can't hold Nyah responsible for her actions.. She wouldn't be here if it wasn't for you, Hunt. from this moment you're responsible for what happens to her, and if you're looking out for her well-being, I suggest you advise her to pick up the gun and bring it to me. Ball's in your court, Hunt. What've you got to say? Nyah's waiting for your answer. Somebody's been slipping you our mail. Come on out here, you bad girl. Why, you going to make me a better offer? Yep. You've provided us with a golden opportunity to have both the bug and the bug killer. I knew where it was. You know, that was the hardest part of having to portray you. Grinning like an idiot every fifteen minutes. And you're happy about that? If you look at Hunt's operational history, he invariably favors misdirection and deception. For a start he won't go into Biocyte from the ground where he has to risk confrontation with security. Nyah! Which means, Mr. McCloy, we have to get our hands on four hundred and eighty thousand options. We'll borrow your thirty million to buy those options. Your stock's never sold above thirty-one dollars a share. We'll agree to buy at fifty. -- now here's the way it's going to work..Wallis, the shares outstanding are.. In any case we don't want your cash. Not exactly. Wallis? It's that time. Go.What are you talking about? Ambrose is meeting some bloke in the bar. Big bloke, ginger hair. They're into something. Oh well, if that's how you feel about it. Well do you disagree with that? - or hard wired, right. First line of perimeter defence'll run from the back of the dock to the front of the house. Whatever moves burps or bleep is gonna be picked up to a height of twenty feet. Basically impenetrable, I'd say. Well you know his blokes'll place the OSCOR in his annex, where else if you're pinpointing transmitters, video signals, covert chip cameras, anything radiating, oscillating.. What you got there, mate? Damn. Just when it was about to get interesting. Right. Just remember, mates. Billy Baird's the name. Anything you need to get, move or watch, I'm your man. That's it? That's it? That's it? There she is. I got visual. I hope there's a place to land. We're due to take off. Before we kill her or cure her.. Exactly where is she? Package away in five..four..three.. two..one... There guys are walking around with different halves of the same dollar bill? Ambrose obviously got these from Nekhorvich on the plane. Then we got'em!What can we do' mate? How're we doin', then? How much longer before you can reach him? Say again. Sounds like you're saying 'she's in the building.' He's heading down the stairs, now..In other words, you're calling her a flake. She doesn't belong here, Sean. Let her go. Than thirty-seven million pounds? Not really. What was the top bid? There it is, guys, the last of it. Oh. then you knew the only way could smuggle the live virus to the CDC scientists in Atlanta was by injecting himself and using his own bloodstream as a Petri dish, doing it inside of twenty hours so he could take the anti-virus and still have it be effective. You knew that while you were knocking him off and destroying the very thing you came for. I would've thought the hardest part was exercising restraint. Curbing that pressing need of your to get your gun off. You were in such a hurry to knock off that 747, you never figured out where the virus really was. Beats fighting the flu, I'm here to tell you. Fight a bit of a cold.. Not going in from the ground. Show me the atrium. Billy, make sure Nyah's not followed. Unless we dose her with Bellerophon on the next ninety-seven minutes, Nyah will kill herself. So, first things, first. Swanbeck said there's no cash movement from any monitored terrorist accounts. Wrong. All we've got to worry about is Ambrose. Nyah will take care of Nyah. I'll be damned. It's McCloy, the Biocyte CEO. Not at all. But how about going into town and confirming your intuitions on site? ..or hard wired.. A myth..just a myth...shouldn't you be checking out their countersurveillance? It's okay. She scrambled the transmission. Luther, continue feeding the GPS her position. No... No. Should I? No. No. - you who don't have a conscience. What did you think you were doing! No time to explain. You've done well, and we're so close. So close. It's critical that you do whatever Ambrose asks. Don't worry - it'll be over soon.. That's a promise.. Come on, now off you go! Nyah, it's very important not do anything to alarm Ambrose.. It's going to be okay. Are you okay? Easy, easy, easy, shhh! He's touched your heart. You're overwhelmed. You need to think it over. You'll meet him somewhere in a month. If You're not out in 48 hours I'm coming in and getting you out. Give me the ear piece. I want you out of Australia! ..I don't know how much more plainly I can put it. Nyah, you've done more than enough. Even the best of snake charmers get bit. I want <i>you out of there.</i> You noticed. What're you going to do? Spank me? Betting table twelve off the paddock. Nyah, are you up to this? Affirmative. Bids from possible Chimera buyers -- to prove that as of the date on the newspaper those bids are back up by earnest money -- I've no doubt. Have you met them? We know him. He's over your left shoulder, looking right at you as you go on.. Just like old times? How's it going? Everything okay? Well, forewarned is forearmed. And while we're at it, be especially sensitive to any sudden change in Ambrose's plans, especially any involving you.. You'll be fine. I'm going to lose you. He's got you on Qantas flight 2735. It's going to be delayed. You don't trust me. Before you are. Well, I mean it's not a total loss. It is keeping a very capable thief off the street.. Look, I can't run your arrest in CNN, but I guarantee he's monitoring every law enforcement agency in the world, for what they might be saying about him, if nothing else - he's got the ability and, we assume, the desire to get you out of there. What wouldn't make him suspicious? Then feel better!.. Look, would it make you feel better if I didn't want you to do this? Can you think of a better one? Generally, I don't favor coercing someone. Not when there's a chance my life could end up in their hands. I don't. You can be a thief and have a conscience. Something like that. So would I. But it's not mine to give. Go and insinuate yourself back into Sean's life. This wasn't what I had in mind, Nyah. Sean Ambrose, for one. And six billion in the world. Five, six-hundred thousand. Damn, you're beautiful. Of what? So do I. Sort of. I don't know that they 'pinched' it. Don't even know that they're blokes. So where did I got right? Which is? Not revealing information doesn't necessarily make someone a liar. They've got a book for everything. Oh. Well..this isn't exactly by the book. Care to wait a decent interval? Ethan Hunt. Scotland Yard, Interpol, every Dutch authority. I can make them go away. I need your help and I thin you can use mine. Pull over and listen to me, will you? Just listen.. Hi. Would you mind slowing down? Not really. I triggered the alarm.. You didn't do that badly. Working under adverse conditions. Highly adverse conditions. Wanted to see how good you were. I'm hoping we might work together. At least you walked. Well, Senor de l'Arena, there's no reason to disrupt your party any longer. we have some further concerns about the disposition of your security guards, which you'll receive in our written report by fax in the morning, hard copy to follow. Shall we? Under the circumstances I think we would recommend re-setting the senors to respond to a lighter load. How do you feel about forty kilos, Miss Hall? I wouldn't do that. Hey, you put me here. I just do what I'm told. - torque wrench. Far right. Oh, either way works for me. Think you're the only one who can pick a lock? Uh-huh? What if I pay the rent? There's not enough time in the world for any of it to be bad. Oh. Well. I think that can be arranged. No. You just looked as if you did. Do you know me? Not sure. Some sort of vacation. I'll let you know where I'm going. I don't. No exactly. I do. No, I don't. But in this case - By fire. That's the best way, really. Well, Bellerophon, it turns out, was only really effective against Chimera. Yes. Yes, I gathered as much. I'd thank you -- but I'm not sure that was a compliment. You'd like me to conduct my own debriefing. Aren't you even curious? About why she did it? She sacrificed herself.. You mean that leaves Miss Hall. Yes, I believe that's right. We think we've got our finger on the buyer. Not yet. We did manage to pull any sensitive equipment and material out of our safehouse wreckage. Very. I don't think I can get her to do it. She's got no training for this kind of thing. You made it sound as if I was recruiting her for her skills as a thief. And then what? Excuse me? If that's what you're thinking Ambrose would have set up a bidding situation with any number of buyers before he got on the plane. Locating him in time to stop something like that - 'Terrorists?' In order to do that, I've got to figure out how he plans to make money with it. Right now only Ambrose knows that. Sean feels he hasn't done the job unless he leaves a lot of hats on the ground. Whatever Nekhorvich was carrying Sean wanted and he wanted to conceal the fact that he took it. So there's one thing we know Ambrose doesn't. You know we had reservations about each other. Isn't it a little late in the day to be asking me that? Twice. If he didn't want to go anywhere without me, how did you get him on the flight? Like it's a good idea to pick him up in a hurry. And a bad idea to fly him on a commercial carrier. So let's get on with it. He's still in Sydney? An idea, yeah. You gotta be kidding. Like what? Well. You're sorry and I'm sorry. Sorry I didn't let you know where I was. ..I'm fine..and you? You keep calling me Dmitri. You really shouldn't. ..not in time to save him. He was quite a man. Did he know before the end you two had succeeded? Sorry it couldn't be under happier circumstances. They're ready and waiting. You'll soon be with old friends. You keep staring at that watch as if your life depended on it, Doctor.. Good job. And thanks. Copy. She's only got twenty-eight minutes left. Track ahead and pick her up. Luther, say again. Ninety-seven minutes, twenty-seven seconds. Luther, I'm looking at security. I'm not waiting 48 hours. When we're done at Biocyte, if she's not out of Ambrose's, I'm going in and getting her out. Now how to get in there. Let's start from the inside out. Nyah still on the property? I kill Chimera at Biocyte and he's sitting on a cure without a disease. Ambrose got Bellerophon from Nekhorvich on the plane, but he didn't get the Chimera virus. I told her to get outta there. I don't know, but Nekhorvich was not a manic. Get me a twenty on Nyah. Nyah, Ambrose is heading back. There's an enveloped inside -- Confirm. Left jacket pocket. Left jacket pocket? Yep. Luther..get us everything you can on the outbreak of influenza on Bruny Island last month, including photos of the victims. Why not? Nekhorvich specialized in recombining DNA molecules. In the myth, Bellerophon killed Chimera, a recombinant monster with the head of a lion and the tail of a serpent who plagued the ancient world. I think Nekhorvich has created a monster virus in Chimera and apparently the means to kill it in Bellerophon. Put in the coordinates and let's get a visual. The visuals aren't coming up.And the check's in the mall. We're down to seven minutes 23 seconds.. Range is two kay. Not for seven more minutes. Right. ..in the building... Billy. I think we got a problem. Nyah's on the wing. Up early. Billy, do you copy? I'm not ready! So Ambrose has Bellerophon and McCloy's got Chimera. What manic invents disease like that in the first place? Why would he do it? It is, Billy. Hope he kills all the bugs before the yellow dot gets to the red one. He should've have killed the virus in the incubation area..Nyah's exited the elevator on the same level as the lab. Five and a half minutes. He's breached the hot zone.. She's in the elevator heading toward Ethan. I am. She is. I'm booted up. Go, Ethan. So what did he say? She's on the North Head Bluff - approaching the cliffs. One klick away. Ethan, I keep telling you there's not a chance of locating Nyah til I access the satellite and there's not a chance of doing that til I get this thing booted up and running! How much time does she have left? Oh. Uh. Commencing diversion. Alarm in cosmetics. Thirty-second opening in the roof and a 250-foot drop. No garage entrance. Lobby's protected by five guards on rotating patrol. All storage and production of Chimera is done here, in this lab on the forty-second floor, the heart of the building. Sorry, that it a Biocyte facility, their storage structure.. You've got the voice print, I'll get us in.. Yeah. Why else would he come back to Australia? If he had them both, he could sell them anywhere. She must still be on the property. Left jacket pocket confirmed. Roger that. Ambrose just pulled the memory card out of the digital camera and put it into an envelope, put it in his inner left jacket pocket... Nekhorvich's boss? Right. I guess there aren't many flu epidemics in the middle of summer. That simple, huh? The satellite doesn't work as fast as I do. It's the transponder.Outrageous. I won't let you take control of my company. Where? What are you talking about? Bellerophen? No time at all once I've got it. Well, the thought had occurred to me. I needed Chimera in order to peddle Bellerophon. For hero to be appreciated, you need a monster. Now that's not so difficult to understand, is it? Look, time was a shot of penicillin could knock off every bloody bug in the zoo! Not anymore!..have you any idea the R&D money it takes to float one little pissy boutique antibiotic that's barely effective against one strain of one bacterium? If I couldn't makes money killing the microscopic little shits that are out there, you'd help me put one out there I can make on!..there it is. I've confessed. I, John C. McCloy, am in business to make money. Lilly's making billions feeding Prozac to depressed dogs. Pfizer doesn't even know where to put the money they're making on Viagra, and let me tell you that shit didn't do a thing for me even at twice the recommended dose, Jesus, who do I have to screw to get a a break!..now get me out of here, get me treated and let's go back to work!.. You still don't get it, do you? You want to make an omelet, you break a few eggs - <i>I needed to know just how bad the disease was</i> - in the real world, not the lab. And you never know til you try. You thought you were genetically splicing together strains of influenza to create a cure for all influenzas. But I saw you creating a disease so terrible in <i>Chimera</i> that the cure would be priceless. Oh, please! How was I to know they had to be treated with Bellerophon within twenty hours? You took it! All of it! And what if I need it? You have Bellerophon. It was in the bloody papers, on the telly..what's this about Gradski? What's happening here? You're dead!Oh, you don't have to do that. Wouldn't be a vacation if you did. Well, Hunt, what are your plans? Where is she now, by the way? Do you know? In this case, it wasn't a bad idea. In face, it was a pretty damn good idea. Just don't make a habit of it. And, as for Ms. Hall, in light of her efforts, her criminal records will certainly be expunged. I'm assuming you approve. But you were under specific instructions to bring back a living sample of the Chimera virus. I'd be very interested to know how, after you'd managed its recovery intact, it subsequently got destroyed. And that appears to have been destroyed. It also contained the anti-virus, Bellerophon. And the only other remaining sample was in the canister you recover from Ambrose. Of course it was. Anyone whose operations requires the level of disinformation that yours do, is bound to get a little flak here and there. You try flogging the stories on CNN I've had to come up with about what's been going on around here the last few days. At any rate, it's been most instructive -- what they'll swallow, or what they'll broadcast with a straight face. Miss Hall's blood, it appears, has absolutely no elements of the Chimera virus. Not even antibodies. Why not? You've done just about everything else on this operation. Sorry, Ethan. I don't quite know where to begin. Any suggestions? No. I can't afford to be curious. And neither can you, Hunt.. Something else? Brave girl. If you can get hold of Bellerophon with the time limit, you may spare her the ultimate sacrifice. But in either case you've got less than nine hours to kill her or cure her. After that it's out of our hands and a matter of worldwide material law. And Hunt. However you obtain it, we want you to preserve a sample of Chimera. Bring it back alive. - good. Then if you manage to get hold of Ambrose, and obtain what he's got, you've got - - 8 hours 57 minutes and twenty-three seconds to destroy the largest remaining source of Chimera on earth. Yes, I believe that's right. Now my understanding is that 20 hours after exposure, the victim becomes infectious. Highly infectious. But that leaves another seven or eight pints of Chimera. Do you? Even assuming you're able to prevent Ambrose selling Chimera, you've now got an additional problem. You destroyed all of Chimera at Biocyte. If Ambrose is going to sell Chimera now, he'll have to do it by taking a pint or so of Miss Hall's blood to market. We could lock down passport control and all ports of authority, but that won't stop Ambrose, and beyond him, we don't know who else we're looking for -- all terrorist bank accounts of which we're aware are stable. No deposits, no withdrawals. Therefore no suspects. Well it's not mission <i>difficult,</i> Hunt. It's mission <i>impossible.</i> Difficult should be a walk in the park for you. If you can think of a quicker way to get to Ambrose, you're welcome to try. Oh, by the way, you might want to take a look at these..if you have any further qualms about getting her to do the job. You mean it'll be difficult. Go to bed with a man and lie to him? She's a woman. She's got all the training she needs. Well, then I mislead you. Or you made the wrong assumption. Either way we're asking her to resume a prior relationship, not do anything she hasn't already done. Then makes sure she continues to see him. Gets him confide in her and report to you. Miss Hall and Ambrose had a relationship which he took very seriously. She walked away and he's wanting her back ever since. We believe she's our surest and quickest way of location him. - is where Miss Hall comes in. Well you know Nekhorvich's history. You're the one who got him out of the Soviet Union was it still in bio- weapon business. - right. In fact since the plane went down our banking sources have confirmed a marked increase in the stock pilling of cash in terrorists accounts. In any case, you've got to recover Chimera and bring it to us. The question is why? What was this Chimera Nekhorvich was carrying? Enough to kill Nekhorvich and two hundred innocent passengers? Then you do think it was Ambrose. Not necessarily. What did you think of him? When I couldn't find you, I had to replace you. Sean Ambrose was the obvious choice. He double you, what? Two, three times? You were there. Dr. Vladimir Nekhorvich is dead. So is his colleague, Gradski, but that happened earlier. We had Nekhorvich on a flight from Sydney that crashed in the Rockies.. Like? 'You're sorry and I'm sorry.' Why did you phrase it like that? Don't be. Wouldn't be on vacation if you did.