No... Friends from the diner maybe? Sorry you had to see that. You were saying? So she did witness it? Could I have that in American? How is she? C'mon, Betty, open up! I got some questions for you about... GODAMMIT, BETTY!... WHO'S CHLOE? BETTY, I NEED TO TALK TO YOU... IN PERSON! WHERE'RE YOU AT? Oh, right... 's fine. Thanks. Oh, you know, the usual... keeping the world safe. No, no, no... you don't know shit about procedure! You don't send your best... You gotta go, we're pinned down! We need ammo... Go check his jacket, I'll cover you. We're in a shootout, Roy! Shut up about the damn fish! Fuck you, Roy Ostrey! I just got something off the wire. The woman who owns it was murdered last night. Now, I'm not saying I agree with you or nothing, but... what else do you know? Any idea where it is? Just shut up a second and listen... That, uh... that bar in Arizona? Where you said Betty was? That's a nice name for what you need... No, I didn't have to. You watch your mouth when you're in a goddamn county vehicle... You don't think I see what's going on? Del, now this Cooley fella, both of 'em mixed up with Joyce... 'S not no conspiracy, not some episode off the X-Files... 's just a crime of passion, plain and simple. Betty's on some kind'a pre-minstral rampage, that's what is going on here. I know that... She said she was in Arizona, did she? Why do I need to see this? Did he ask you to...? Worry about your own goddamn lunch! Ah, shit... Do I have to hear this now? What the hell do you want?... Hey, Sue Ann, what's up? I'd like to apologize for our local boy. He's been in love with Betty since the fifth grade, y'see. He means well, but he's in over his head on this. I spoke to Betty Sizemore yesterday. That's right. There's no doubt in my mind, folks... she's on the run. Whether or not she's mixed up in all this remains to be seen... No, we're bringing the community into the effort to find her. That's right, you have the right to remain silent. You just don't know when to quit, Roy! You were jealous of me when I got hall monitor in seventh grade, and you're still jealous now!!! That's it! YOU'RE GONE! 'S just a theory... just 'cause I'm thinking it don't mean I like it. A woman can write a check. So? ...Suppose Betty found out about them? Junior year! Seems she was pretty familiar with 'ol Del. On a regular basis, if you get my drift... I questioned Joyce about all this... You just go write your little story, Roy. I'll handle the police work... You bet I did. I got a squad car on the way to the reservation right now. They no longer live in tepees, Mr. College Graduate. You think a woman did that?! I'm tellin' you it wasn't no woman, Roy! It wasn't a woman. You need to get yourself gone from my crime scene. And leave Betty alone, she's... ...you are so goddamn weird. Oh, and by the way, get the hell outta here! Good God... they're meat eaters, Roy, just drop the shit in there! Ahh, what'd you do now... fall off your bike again? Okay, let's go... I got nothing for the record yet. Mind your own business. You just said that shit so you could look at her a little longer, anyway... ...plenty Why you always gotta embarrass me? I been eating lunch with you since grade school and you always gotta embarrass me! And you should keep your nose out of another man's omelette... It's no big deal, Betty. It's fine. Mind your own meal... Why don't you go back to doing something you're good at... like that Lonelyhearts column? I'll take a refill there, Betty... Yeah, it was great. Really put the whole idea of "church bake sales" in perspective...No, you're not. You're a good doctor, Lonnie, but you're not David Ravell. I've made my decision. Now, if you'll excuse me... Lonnie, it's a complex procedure. Why don't you observe? We need someone with the right kind of experience, Lonnie.Wesley didn't even want to come up here. He warned me, but I insisted... I have to ask you, Betty...are you crazy? So all this... really was because of that soap opera? My son is dead because you came out here to be with that doctor? A fake doctor? Did... did you really come here because you love this guy? When a Roman general knew a battle was lost, he'd throw himself on his sword. Betty, I don't wanna shrivel up alone in some stinking prison. No way. I've got some professional pride. And I don't want anybody else to get the credit for taking me out. Ahh, it's too late, anyway. It's too late. Listen, I could shoot my way out, maybe take one of them with me... If you'd gimme my gun back. Wait, Betty... you still haven't answered me. If we went out that window right now we'd have a chance... You're sorry? YOU'RE THE REASON WE'RE HERE! That's my son! My son is dead! Yes, but I'd sort of like to put that behind me now... I know. I borrowed it from your grandparents because I... I... it doesn't matter. Don't worry, they're fine... Look, I used to feel that same way, said practically those same words, sitting at night in a foxhole in Korea... I've chased you across the country, Betty, and I come to find out we're a lot more alike than you'd think. No one is, honey. Here, listen to this... "If who I am and who I hope to be should meet one day, I know they will be friends." Now that's beautiful. Well, thirty-three, but I'm not counting Del, on account of you... so, what do you think? You probably feel I'm flattering myself to see us together. Wait. Let me get this out. I like the symphony, walks in the rain, sunsets, animals and children. I read passionately, and I like to discuss things. I'm basically conservative, but flexible. I've been involved in the death of thirty- two people, but I can live with that because the world is lighter by thirty- two pieces of shit, excuse my language. I'm appreciably older than you, but my health is good. I take care of myself, and I got some money socked away. You'd never have to work again, that's for sure. I'd treat you like a queen. Sure. You could probably have any thing you wanted... somebody as beautiful and stylish as yourself, and you don't even realize it. ...I never meet people like you. I'm a garbageman of the human condition. I deal with trash, mostly, people willing to trade any part of themselves for a few more minutes of their rotten lives. But you... you're different. ...to see you. Damn, life is strange. I had you figured for this cold-blooded, calculating bitch -- Not that I didn't admire you for it. So you weren't involved with him in his pathetic attempt to diversify? Were you mixed up in the drugs, Betty? You really... didn't have anything to do with what Del was doing, did you? Do you know why I'm here? Do you know who I am? No, just stand there... lemme look at you a minute. Oh, this is wonderful... Who are these idiots? No, that should be more than -- Thanks so much. You must get bothered by this kind of thing a lot. How do you do, Mr. McCord. We're trying to locate a deranged fan of yours,... a Ms. Betty... Andersonville. They did horrible things to men there... Did you know the most brutal, inhumane prison of the entire war was in Georgia? Even Robert E. Lee was a loser. Jeb Stuart, Stonewall Jackson, Jefferson Davis -- they're all losers in my book. You know, it's interesting. The South lost the Civil War, but they still seem to get all the glory. What part of Dixie are you from, Duane? ...and put them in your mouth. Well, my idea of stupid is very different from yours. So here's how this is gonna work. Would you take your socks off, please? Let's see... around here that would be Kiowa, Kickapoo or Osage, if I'm not mistaken. Like what? You did not just say "Injuns," Del. Hmmmm. "Five Stars," huh? Is that stupid, Wesley? I didn't think so. So, give me an example of a stupid person doing a stupid thing. Not being stupid, you're equipped to recognize it. You're not a dumb fuck, are you, Del? I'm asking you for an example of one of these dumb fucks being a dumb fuck. Could you give us an example? What do you mean? It's a nice place you got here. Real comfortable. Sweet little town, Fair Oaks. You like it here? We appreciate that. But you just poured me a drink, I'd like to enjoy your hospitality for a few minutes. If we're for real? I like this. I like doing business in the home. It's cozy... Who's birthday? Oh, yes, with the coffee... You're a hundred percent right. They rely on what's-his-name's arm too much... Not her mouth... I've spent many long hours in a car with your face staring back at me. I've seen it painted on the horizon. No, I said to follow 'my' instincts. Now, we go up there and conclude our business. Case closed. No... if we don't finish this job, how are we gonna look at ourselves in the mirror? This is it for me, Wesley, she's the last one. My instinct says I gotta see this through with her, and if there's one thing I've tried to teach you here -- We could do that. I could be on my way to Florida, and you could go to Thailand and fuck your brains out. What do your instincts tell you to do now, kid? Well, you were right about what that bartender said. You made your point... I was wrong. I said 'got it?' Don't Don't you talk about Betty like that. I don't care who she ends up being, you never use that word again. Got it? ...but she's, no, Betty's smarter than that. She wouldn't be here for a... She can't be here because of a... a soap opera. Not a soap opera. That'd make her... It just didn't fit her profile... Who's this? Wesley... You need to remember who you're talking to... 'Cause I just don't buy it. Call it instinct. Call it 35 years of professional know-how... I never said that I believed... What doesn't? No, no, Betty came here strictly for business, 'cause it's the biggest market for what she's selling. I should have known it all along. I'm kicking myself as I shave here. So, first thing we... That's good. You're learning. But let me tell you why I know she was lying. First off, Betty would never fall for a soap star. It's beneath her. So you believed the bartender. Why? This doesn't look like the kind of place Betty would go to. What? Where? Where is she? Every American should see the Grand Canyon. Are you an American? "When I grow up I'm going to become a nurse or a veterinarian. I always want to help people and value all life, be it animal, plant or mineral..." Does that sound like a goddamn showgirl to you? What difference does it make? She wasn't in Kansas City, or Houston, or Dallas. We went to every goddamn place Del mentioned and no Betty. So what the hell makes you think she's in Vegas? You think she's waiting for us with tassles on her titties? Vegas is too crass for Betty. One of the Seven Natural Wonders of the World. It's a very moving experience, trust me. We should go. Not so fast! Slower... 'blonde, thin', yes... Did they say she had style? A kind of grace or anything? How'd they describe her? I dunno... something. Why is she doing this to me? Why?... That was a really shitty thing to do. You don't look comfortable here. That's 'cause you don't like being the center of attention, do you? Nah. You're like me. Well, I should be in FLORIDA now! If Carl hadn't gone in to get those stones removed, you wouldn't be here and I'd be on my way to the Keys. On my boat, RELAXING WITH A GLASS OF PORT!! Re-ti red! Do I deserve this? In the twilight of my career, do I deserve this? I don't think so! I've always tried to do what's right. I never took out anybody who didn't have it coming. I'm a professional! AND WHERE THE FUCK AM I? I'M IN PURGATORY! AND TURN THAT FUCKING MUSIC OFF! That woman could be in any one of four states. Four big states where the deer and the antelope play, Wesley! We're not in Rhode Island! There it is again. That lousy attitude that got us here in the first place. That "make a statement," do an end zone dance, shake your ass and sue everybody in sight attitude that's dragging this whole country down the drain. They don't owe us shit, Wesley! WHEN YOU FINISH THE JOB, YOU GET PAID!! WE HAVEN'T FINISHED THE GODDAMN JOB!! What? They said find it. Find her, find it. Finish the job you were paid to do. ...She's got class, and poise. Lots of poise... Betty would never dress like that. She's not some trailer park slut! You're always so coarse... "Do her right here." Let's just see what happens, okay? "I wish that I could find a way; To speak my thoughts on Mother's Day. There are no words that quite express; My gratitude or happiness. A pleasant smile perhaps a kiss; I would not fail to give her this. I'd make her glad the whole day through; By sayin' 'Mother', I love you!' P.S. I wish I could say this to my mother's face, but I can't anymore." It's not an exact science, Wesley. He said they'll be here... My Houston contact has always been very reliable. Wise beyond her years, I'm sure, and such poise, too. Very, very impressive... No,... like a worthy adversary, Wesley. Like a very worthy adversary. Oh, for Chrissakes. It just means the kind of person who can eat shit for a long time without complaining, then cut their momma's throat and go dancing the same night. Betty, Betty, Betty... You should read more. Listen to me. I think this woman was waiting for a chance to do this, and we gave it to her. She kept to herself for years, living with a pompous asshole. Then she sees her opportunity, and BOOM! -- she leaves that little mudpatch in the dust. These heartlanders can't figure it out, 'cause that's not their sweet little Betty. Hah! We've been tracking her for, what, three days and I already understand her better'n most the people in that shitty little burg. No, I see Betty as a Midwestern Stoic type. Ice water in her veins. A clear thinker. Probably a Swede or a Finn. I'd say that about torches her credibility, wouldn't you? Joyce was screwing Del. So she gets rid of the asshole and is set for life in the same day. I hope you're right... Maybe you don't appreciate the gravity of this situation. It's bad enough that we don't have what we came here for. It's worse that we don't know where it is. And now this. This was supposed to be my last job. I already put the deposit down on my boat. How can you eat at a time like this? I get nauseous just watching you... We don't. But a '97 Le Sabre'll be easy to find if it's here, town this size... He said he gave his wife some car as a gift, remember? You have to rise above it. The professionals rise above that kind of thing... What the hell was that, another statement? Wait. Any last words, General Lee? He's telling the truth. He doesn't know. Del's dead, by the way. I sent him to the Great Beyond. I'm a Yankee, myself. Massachusetts. Mmmm. Well, it was a piece of luck running into you, Duane. I thought I was gonna have to take Wesley out and hose him down. All he talks about is those Japanese gals. Fine, I'll get you a bumpersticker, but you better start believing it! It's the only statement you need to make. Let me tell you something. In our business you can't put food on the table if your phone doesn't ring. The guys who get the calls are good -- not flashy, just good. They get in, they get out. Nobody knows a goddamn thing. Understand? Boom, boom, boom. Three in the head and you know they're dead. Why not, it'll confuse 'em... gotta do something, now that you fucked it up. It's not here. Let's go. What the hell does that mean? If I'd told a Ty Cobb story would you have clubbed him to death with a bat? I wasn't done, I was just sick of hearing him whine. And you didn't take him out, you scalped him. Christ, I almost puked, did I tell you that? What 'look'? I saw his soul Wesley. He was face to face with his God, and no one lies in that situation. But your Geronimo act rattled me, and I abandoned my instincts. Never abandon you instincts. I had to shoot him! It was the only decent thing to do. We don't know which Buick, do we? This is great -- just great! Now we don't know where the goddamn stuff is. That was to get him to talk! Get rid of that thing, will you? Are you out of your mind? You scalped him! I'm all for them owning casinos, getting rich off the white man's greed. It's a beautiful piece of irony, isn't it, Wesley? Hold still, Del, we're just talking here... Then you grab a big handful of hair and pull as you cut. It's amazing how easily the scalp comes off. It wasn't always fatal, Wesley. We could scalp Del right now, and he'd be plenty alive to tell us how it feels. You know, a hundred and fifty years ago you'd have been scalped for that remark about Native Americans. Right here where your house is -- you'd have been scalped. So you see, we have totally different ideas of what's stupid and what's not. Don't we? Stupid is calling people in Kansas City who are affiliated with the rightful owners of the thing you stole, and trying to sell it to them. Right Wesley? Stupid is trying to sell it to other people who are, by their very nature, untrustworthy. That's what I thought. You better give me another example. I'm just curious. Can't you give me an example? Wesley... Your wife's a very lovely woman. Have I seen her before? Bourbon, little water, thank you. Mrs. Blaine? I can tell you right now, without a doubt, that your granddaughter is alive, and did not kill Del Sizemore. What do you mean? Very graceful. Perfect form. Thank you for your cooperation. Just one more thing... did she ever talk about getting rich? I see. May I? But she wanted more out of life, right? Hmm... you two in high school together? ...and how long did she work here?Alright. Oh, and one more thing about what you did yesterday... Well done. You can start tomorrow. And don't say a word about this to anyone. Is that issue? Good. I'm prepared to offer you a job. You can help out in the pharmacy until your California certification and references arrive, but you are not to touch anyone. Is that totally clear? Fine... What you did yesterday was reckless at best. You are not an employee of this hospital! If that boy dies I don't even want to think of the lawsuit that'll follow. Are we communicating here? Really? You've just described all of Southern California. ...I don't think I know that hospital. Well, I certainly would have heard about that. Of course, I don't know every doctor who works here...You sure don't. Who do you think you are coming to Hollywood, anyway? You should remember where you came from. And who you really are. That's right. So, if you know it, why are you in trouble? You're not on that soap opera thing again, are you? 'Cause you know what that is? Well, are you gonna answer me? What'd you come here for? That is a skill! It's people with no lives watching other people's fake lives. They're new to us... And I don't need Sue Ann's fat ass around to fuck it up... Couple 'a guys in from outta town. They want to see the new LeSabres. ...well, then you ain't got much. Hey, the FDA screwed me on that when they changed the law, and you know it! Anyway, 'least I try shit, still got some dreams left... you're a goddamn waitress, what do you got? What? All right, then. Actually, I'm glad you're going out. I got something going on tonight. Some serious clients, with real potential. She's not comfortable in a Corsica? 'S got air and leather... No, I do not want any goddamn... what was all that shit on the phone about the new Buicks? Nothing... it's, ahh, busy here. Look, you don't need a LeSabre to go out with Sue Ann. Take the blue Corsica. I'll see you when I get home. What's so special about it? I ran back in to get the phone. Whoa, whoa, whoa! Hang on a second there, baby. Why do you need one of the new Buicks? Oh, Jesus, please... Please, God. My socks? I... I don't know... Driving their cars into trees... puking on the sidewalk... stupid shit! The Indians, Injuns, whatever. They're always drunk and doing stupid things. All right... lemme see... okay, new Burger King opens up. These assholes get excited and start lining up. Like it's some five star restaurant. The place is mobbed. Right? Are we gonna do business here, or not? No... I don't follow... Of what? It's a small town, man. I never should have left Omaha. People here think small. They act small. They're a bunch of dumb fucks. Are you kidding me? What's to like? Fine. You got five... You don't exactly look like drug dealers. All right gentlemen, let's get down to it. I need to know if you're for real. Ahh... my wife's. Yep, Betty pours a pretty mean cup. If you ate at the Tip Top you did. ...you can have the best damn running backs in the world, somebody's still gotta block for 'em. Okay, uh... the, umm, Injuns're stupid. Jesus Christ! You better believe it. It is, if you like idiots... Yeah, well, I don't have time to screw around. I got buyers in Dallas, Houston and Vegas who are ready to snap this stuff up. Huh? Oh, umm, a car. So, to a successful transaction...Well, you should find out. She keeps talking about them... I was saying that it seems probable that she witnessed the murder, but her memory of it is gone, at least for the time being. I also think you ought to have her stay with someone tonight. Any idea who Chloe or Lonnie are? It's a type of altered state... it allows a traumatized person to continue functioning. She's in a kind of shock. I see all the signs of a post-traumatic reaction with possible dissociative symptoms.Really. And where was that, old man? He goin' crazy on us, or what? The fuck you talking about? Huh? Here's Ghengis Kunt and The Demilitarized Zone. Get it? They're Korean, so they're pretty hot. Georgia. In case I didn't tell you, it's cash only, gentlemen.Thanks... George... I have... did it sound that bad? Right... I was. I was an idiot, plain and simple, and I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive me. How's that? Oh. Of course... sorry. You're doing this now? After all the... are you sick? Are you going to kill me now? But I'm David... I mean, I'm not David, but she thinks I am! You heard her... Stop staring at me... I'm not crazy, she is! ...What? What did you call me? George... McCord. You're my favorite actor on... STOP CALLING ME THAT! MY NAME IS NOT DAVID, AND IF YOU REALLY DON'T KNOW THE DIFFERENCE, YOU'RE MORE FUCKED UP THAN I THOUGHT YOU WERE! Who put you up to this? Did my ex- wife ask you to...? Well, I don't know what you had in mind, but I hope you're happy. I put myself on the line for you, my reputation, and you're making me look like an idiot. Why am I doing this to you? Isn't this what you wanted? Stop calling me David. We're on set, for Christ's sake, you don't have to call me David here. In fact, I want you to ad lib, that's the magic I'm after. I wanna give a whole new feel to the show. Your lines are in the script, but you can ad lib. Yes... maybe it was. You know, I almost believe that... you're like a warm breeze that's suddenly blown into my life... I said that to Leslie, once, at her funeral, remember?... Thanks. But I'd like to hear what you're feeling... Yeah, I felt that way, too, when I first started, but now... the hours, the repetition... it's not all glamour and mall openings anymore. Maybe I should've listened to my people and tried to make the crossover to nights earlier, I don't know... ...I just hope it's not too late for me. God! Listen to me, "Me, me, me." It's so easy to get caught up in the whole ego cycle of this business and make it all about yourself. Stop, right? That's it, no more about me tonight, I promise... Let's talk about you... what do you think about me? I'm kidding... Seriously, Betty, I'm doing all the talking here... No, I mean your dedication scares me... I've never met anyone like you, Betty. Didn't I? Well, first I thought Patina, and then the Ivy, but then I thought of somewhere a little more romantic. Like my place. I don't think your friend likes me. At last! I know how much you want this. You're gifted and extremely determined, but... it's not up to me. I know. Listen, we need to take a time out here. Can we talk seriously for a minute? Wow... You just gave me goosebumps, you know that? You make it all sound so real. Great improv... What happened when you were twelve? Alright, okay... I think you broke the record for staying in character about three hours ago. She's a good person to know. So where did you study again? Yes, she is. You're late, Eric. I guess we all did. You know, I didn't marry Leslie because I loved her. I married her to forget you... I don't know. Why do you keep calling me George? You never gave us a chance... I tried to tell myself it was for the best, that there was a reason behind it. But... Del? Honey, I didn't want to tell you at the time, but Del and I go way back. We went to school together. In fact, he saved my life. Two more minutes in that icy water and I would have drowned. But Del jumped in and grabbed me. We fell out of touch eventually, but I still owe him one. Right, Del. Del was one hot salesman. Of cars. He could talk anyone into anything. Oh, you mean Fred. That's very kind of you. I beg your pardon? I take it I should. I'm sorry. Good. More than you know. Is there anything else? That won't be necessary. She's staying with a Rosa something... Hernandez, Herrera. I know it's an 'H' sound... in Silverlake. Deranged. That would be the right word. What can I do for you, gentlemen? Jesus, don't do that! If it gets around that you fired me, I'll never land a pilot. That's not a bad idea. How many episodes before he comes back? What about me? Don't you wanna know how I feel about it? I'm the one who... I don't think she can do it. You saw what happened. Let me try this, goddamnit! SHE'S BEEN DOING IT ALL WEEK, SHE CAN DO IT NOW! No! Let me try this! No! No problem, there is no... What is the problem? Just do that... thing... you do! Come on! You drove me nuts with this for three days, now do it! If you need a minute, that's okay. But I thought you'd want to -- Betty, I thought this would be the best way. You know, throw you into it... ...yeah. Hmm? Fine, but promise me one thing. If we use her, I want to direct those episodes. She's my discovery. It'll be like live television! Let's live on the edge a little. You and I can break the mold here! I'll tell the cast ahead of time. What do you say? Oh, of course. Who can forget the Emmy? Then let me bring Betty to the set and see what happens. Can I have an evil twin? She's even taken a job as a nurse! David Ravell's getting boring, Lyla. She makes me stretch! I got inside my character last night like I haven't done in six years on "Reason". It was a totally rejuvenating experience. Right, uhh... I feel terrible about this, we have a prior engagement at another party. But... I'd be honored if you'd come. I can't tell you how much it hurts me to hear that you married him. No, wait... what happened next, Betty?Sure. Better. Uh-huh. Ahh, Mercedes, I think. Black.Because it ain't natural, young man. You've got to be missing a piece of your soul to kill someone. That's not our Betty... Oh, there's no tellin' what that girl could've accomplished, and she never had it easy. Never really had a childhood... caring for her father, going to school. And she always had such spirit! But, after her mother died...I'm not some snot-nosed resident fresh out of medical school, Blake. Even if he's falling asleep on his feet? Blake, I can handle that transplant!I've got the working gun, Elden, me! You wasted all your bullets so you crawl out there. You wanna see if he has more shells, go ahead. I say we wait... I'm not going out there! Let's wait for the real police... YOU shut up! They're beautiful, but get them some water. -- small-time, pissant, Barney Fife -- That's a lie! I figured it out! I've been trying to tell this dumbass -- I know plenty. Little place called "Williams," why? What about it? Come on, I have to get this dressing off... it itches! And what about my fish? Who is taking care of them? Elden, let me out of here. Now! This is ridiculous, I need medical attention! Oww... Did you have to make these things so tight? Well, do something, then, damnit! Come on, Elden, think about it. The driver, all them trunks standing open like that... something's going on here! Yeah? Well, she called Sue Ann yesterday from Arizona. Listen! I saw 'Chloe' and 'Lonnie' on T.V. They're television characters. Tell him what you told me. I see you're sticking to the diet Betty put you on... We think we know where Betty is. That's bullshit, Sheriff! You think she's a suspect! You're lying! What if the killers didn't see her? You published her picture -- you're gonna get her killed! One question, Doctor, please! You can't do this! I'm the press, I have rights!! Oww, the arm, the arm! Oh, you're sharp as a tack, Elden. So you're saying Betty Sizemore -- our Betty Sizemore -- who you were in swing choir with -- has now hired somebody to scalp her husband in her own kitchen while she watched? You're amazing. You said a woman couldn't have done it. Anyway, so what? ...and half the other guys in this town. Including you, I believe... Yeah? You better handle what's in this garbage can first. Bad idea... Did you send anyone out there? So, you think you're gonna find his scalp hanging in some tepee? Jesus... Yes it was. Betty saw the whole thing! Your killer's name is Chloe... She knows who killed Del. Elden, she said it was a woman. No, Elden, I need to... I can't... they prefer a more formal presentation. I don't usually go so close to the surface, but I was... No, it's nothing, I... my piranha just mauled me a little when I layed their food out. Oww! My arm, careful! Who eats eggs for lunch, anyhow? They're just eggs, Elden, how embarrassing can eggs be? You should get the order you want. I thought you said the eggs weren't... You know, Elden, some people actually read more than just the Classifieds... Have you checked the trunk of that car you're driving, Betty? I think there might be... I woulda' been here sooner, but Ballard put me in jail. He still thinks you had Del scalped. You're in serious danger! Betty! Boy, am I glad to see you! You did? Was it anyone that you...? My God... did you get a look at who did it? Well, I was worried about you and I wanted to make sure you were alright... and I guess I was sort of hoping I could ask you about what happened... Uh-huh. Oh, nothing, it's fine. I just need to keep it wrapped for a few... Hey, Betty. Are you okay? Oh, appreciate it. I was trying to, ahh, give a sense of history to... Hi, Betty. You're looking good... Yeah. Why, you know him? The driver was killed. I think there's a connection -- Names, a phone number, something... Listen, Ballard told me that the guy who brought the missing car down from Detroit was murdered, but do you see him doing anything about it? If Ballard wasn't such a stubborn ass, I wouldn't have to be breaking in here... Ahh, I hate this town! Places like this just make you small... I should have never come back here after college. You'd like that wouldn't you? You've hated Betty since you were in Pep Squad together... Look Joyce, I need your key to the files, not advice, okay? This is a complex case. I swear to God! She's a lesbian. Totally. She came apart like a house of cards. They dropped the charges... I'm the one who watched the show... I was...What's wrong with you? It's to follow my instincts. And my instincts say get the fuck out of Dodge. ...but that's not what we're gonna do, is it? Leave. Take this shit back to Detroit and get the rest of our money. You were right. Del wasn't lying. ...yeah, I got it. Come on, you're stretching out my vest... Man, you have got to get some therapy. I do not know how the fuck you lasted an hour in this job! Dragging our asses around with the answer to our prayers in your motherfucking jacket... a picture of that cunt right next to the... ...crazy! No shit, Shaft!! And you ain't far behind... Fuck the profile! That's the same guy!! What in the... What the hell is this? You've been holding out on me. All this fucking time! A doctor on the show... why? "It's beneath her..." She's a mother fucking housewife... nothing's beneath her! I need to get my goddamn head examined. You can't rule something out on a whim. Or because she's cute. I've been following your whims all across the U.S. of A. and now I'm tired! Me! I call it 'nutty' as my shit after I eat Almond Roca... No, you believed her, we drove all the way to L.A. so that means you trusted her that much... so why's the rest of her story suddenly so kooky? Huh? You gimme this bullshit Psychic Friends theory, you believe that dumbshit trucker, you believe this woman... Wait, wait, wait a minute... that doesn't make sense. I dunno, that lady sounded pretty sure... Well... I think I saw her soul. Maybe she had to use the bathroom. She pees, doesn't she?!... I'm not telling 'til you straighten up. You been acting like fucking Jerry Lewis on me and this shit's gotta stop or you can forget about your Betty... I mean it. I'm not telling. Well, guess what? I found Betty... where she's been, anyway. Yes, I am and we're not going. Act professional. Do you hear yourself right now...? Like a fucking madman... I said, 'No.' N-O. No... be dark before we get there. You wanna see the Grand Canyon at night? No. We don't have time to look at a hole in the ground. We can make Vegas in four hours. This one's got to be her. You know, blonde, thin, whatever... I don't know, but when we find her she's gonna die for it. What? What does she represent?! What could some cornbread white bitch from Kansas who's dragging our sorry asses up and down the Louisiana Purchase possibly mean to you?!! I'd just love to know... I'm sick of looking at her mother- fucking face. What the hell's the matter with you? Worse... you're in Texas. I know that. They paid us half. They still owe us half... Half. Okay, thank you, goodbye... Keep in touch... Let's get out of here. We got another long drive ahead of us. ...the fuck where I do not know, but I know it's gonna be long. And then we're gonna do her right here. Right? Thas' it, thas' it... conquer that bitch. What time're they coming? Well, then, did you ever get any indication that she wanted to leave her husband? Like... us? So what the fuck's a Finn? A 'Finn?' What is a Finn? Yeah, well, if the wife's trying to sell it she'll fuck up. She's an amateur, just like Del was. ...among others. You think so? Joyce says she's timid. ...I know I am. Let's just do what we gotta do here, and get the fuck gone. I can eat because I know we didn't kidnap that woman. I can eat because they aren't looking for us. And I can eat 'cause I'm fucking hungry... ...relax. She's gonna end up on a milk carton and that's about it. So how do we know that car's still in Fair Oaks? Well, no one ever spit in my face before. Especially some cracker fuck. Should I kill him now? Actually, I scalped him, and then you killed him. We can live with that. I like 'em small. When you're inside a little Asian chick, it's like your dick is the axle that holds her body together. ...that's a good motto. I wanted to make a statement. You just gonna leave these cars sitting here like this? Well, why'd you have to tell that Indian story? That one look you got! I thought you were done, so I took him out... I didn't. You gave me a look! I still don't understand how you knew Del was telling the truth. Well, why'd you shoot him? He told us it's in the Buick. You told me how to do it! IT SURE IS!! A mark, huh? Hell of a way to die. Now, that's really stupid. That is so right. That's right. No, that's ignorant. They just don't know any better. Relax, we brought the cash. Hey... you got a fine one right here! Beer, please. "Injuns?" He's waiting... Really? Seems like a nice place. Isn't that the point? What'd you get her? Hey, can you sneak me on the lot? Oh fuck... Damn, that's sweet... She really that good-looking in person? Yeah? The sport utility? ...what kinda car's Jasmine drive? What are you talking about? Killing's totally natural. It's dying that isn't natural... ...why do you think you have to be missing a piece of your soul to kill somebody? Would you say she was ambitious? You lie, motherfucker... Goddamn... how 'bout Jasmine? Did Chloe crack? SHUT UP! Shut the fuck up, both of you, before I kill you! Oh, umm, yes, this is Dwight Campbell. Huh? Yeah? Jasmine... Do you have yesterday's show on tape, by any chance? I see. Did Chloe testify? Her show? I see. And are you in touch with Mrs. Sizemore? Aren't they precious? Ma'am, she has a substantial death benefit coming to her from the tragic loss of her husband. Does she have any relatives in the area? Mrs. Rogers? I'm Dwight Campbell, with Neighborly Life Insurance. I'm looking for Betty Sizemore.