No doubt, brother - I figured as much back there in the restaurant. That's why I invited you out here for this advanced tutorial. And thank you as well for that conversational hiatus; I generally refrain from speech while engaged in gustation. There are those who attempt both at the same time but I find it course and vulgar. Now where were we? Thankee boys for throwin' in that fricasee. I'm a man a large appetite and even with lunch under my belt I was feeling a mite peckish. Sales, Mr. McGill, sales! And what do I sell? The Truth! Ever' blessed word of it, from Genesee on down to Revelations! That's right, the word of God, which let me add there is damn good money in during these days of woe and want! Folks're lookin' for answers and Big Dan Teague sells the only book that's got 'em! What do you do - you and your tongue-tied friend? I flatter myself that such is the case; in my line of work it's plumb necessary. The one thing you don't want is air in the conversation.The law. Well the law is a human institution. - and share one of your graves. Didn't know you'd be bringin' a friend. Well, he'll have to wait his turn - You have eluded fate - and eluded me - for the last time. Tie their hands, boys. - but now it deposits you here. End of the road, boys. It's had its twists and turns -I'm sorry we got you into this, Tommy. Huh?! Well that was our mistake then. And then we was beat up by a bible salesman and banished from Woolworth's. I don't know if it's the one branch or all of 'em. We didn't abandon you, Pete, we just thought you was a toad. ...Pete? Visit those foreclosin' sonofaguns down at the Indianola Savings and Loan and slap that cash down on the barrelhead and buy back the family farm. Hell, you ain't no kind of man if you ain't got land. Why don't we bed down out here tonight? That's right! We ain't really Negroes! You got light fingers, Everett. Gopher? Gopher, Everett? 'N I'm Delmar O'Donnell. That ain't it! A miracle! It was a miracle! We'll go fetch it with ya, Everett. Is the marriage off then, Miz Wharvey? Oh, okay. What sat mean exactly, Everett? Everett, my beard itches. 'N turned into a frog - Oh my God! Huh. I guess they'll tack on fifty years for me too. So - where's all the money from your armored-car job? Everett, I never figured you for a paterfamilias. Well, uh, I - I gotta get the family farm back before I can start thinkin' about that. Okay, Everett. Not that I'm aware. Uh, we uh- I just don't think it's right, keepin' him under wraps like we's ashamed of him. Course it's Pete! Look at 'im! Caintcha see it Everett! Them sigh- reens did this to Pete! They loved him up an' turned him into a horney- toad! Oh sweet Lord, Everett, looka this! Now wuddya suppose is eatin' George? Yeah, look at me. Don't be a fool, Everett, we gotta R- U-N-O-F-F-T, but pronto! Damn! We gotta skedaddle! Izzat right? Five... hunnert... thousand... each. This ain't no laughin' matter, Everett. Pull over, Everett - let's give that colored boy a lift. You should a joined us, Everett. It couldn't a hurt none. But there were witnesses, saw us redeemed! Well I was lyin' - and I'm proud to say that that sin's been warshed away too! Neither God nor man's got nothin' on me now! Come on in, boys, the water's fine! Preacher said my sins are warshed away, including that Piggly Wiggly I knocked over in Yazoo! Well that's it boys, I been redeemed! The preacher warshed away all my sins and transgressions. It's the straight-and-narrow from here on out and heaven everlasting's my reward! Gopher, Everett? Yeah, let's negotiate 'em, Everett. What do we do now, Everett? How'd he know about the treasure?Well now Pappy I wouldn't put it that strong... Campaign manager? Waldrip. Assa good idea, Pappy. Problem a p'seption. Okay, Pappy. Oh, yes, assa parful new force. Oh no, no, just the reg'la side - Pappy O'Daniel be laughing' then. Vernon T. Waldrip. Oh gracious no. Not with his blandishments. Enticements a power, wealth, settera. Cain't beat 'em, join 'em. Wipin' little circles with his bread... Well, I believe it's mawva kickin' sichation. Well now, I don't believe assa property scription. Ain't gonna paddle it; he's gonna kick it real hard. Reason why he's pullin' ah pants down. Devil his due. Suckin' away. Latch right on to that tit. Gonna pluck us off the tit. Them straw polls is ugly. Oh Lord yes, any parish'r precinct; I was makin' the larger point. Finest governor we've ever had in M'sippi.I like to think that I'm a pretty astute observer of the human scene. Our pleasure, Big Dan. Once again we find ourselves in agreement. What kind of work do you do, Big Dan? It ain't the law! You can't do this - we just been pardoned! By the Governer himself! Hang on there - You can't do this - Waitaminute - Waitaminute - Aw, don't be ignorant, Delmar. I told you they was gonna flood this valley. Honey, it's just - Shutup, Delmar - it's just - I guess Vernon T. Waldrip is gonna be goin' on relief. Maybe I'll be able to throw a little patronage his way, get the man a job diggin' ditches or rounding up stray dogs. Well, you'n me'n Pete'n Tommy are gonna be the power behind the throne so to speak. Scuse me... scuse me... we're the next act... He was never turned into a frog! It's Tommy! They got Tommy! Boys, we was chained together. I hadda tell ya somethin'. Bustin' out alone was not a option! I never knocked over any armored- car. I was sent up for practicing law without a license. Oh-ho-ho yes, I've spread my seed. And you see what it, uh... what it's earned me... Now what in the... Well that's right! If then! Believe me, Delmar, Woman is the most fiendish instrument of torture ever devised to bedevil the days a man! Hit by a train! Truth means nothin' to Woman, Delmar. Triumph a the subjective! You ever been with a woman? Deceitful! Two-faced! She-Woman! Never trust a female, Delmar! Remember that one simple precept and your time with me will not have been ill spent! Pete have a brother? We're adventurers, sir, currently pursuin' a certain opportunity but open to others as well. Well if that is Pete I am ashamed of him. The way I see it he got what he deserved - fornicating with some whore a Babylon. These things- You can't display a toad in a fine restaurant like this! Why, the good folks here'd go right off their feed! ...I'm not sure that's Pete. What on earth is goin' on here! What's got into you, Delmar! Whuhh... Well ya know, Delmar, they say that with a thrill-seekin' personality, what goes up must come down. Top of the world one minute, haunted by megrims the next. Yep, it's like our friend George is a alley cat and his own damn humors're swingin' him by the tail. But don't worry, Delmar; he'll be back on top again. I don't think we've heard the last of George Nelson. Now you may call it an unreasoning optimism. You may call it obtuse. But the plain fact is we still have... close to... close to... Where's Tommy? I left my pomade in that car! Maybe I can creep up! What're you gonna do with your share of the treasure, Pete? Four hundred, Delmar. What'd the devil give you for your soul, Tommy? Baptism. You two are just dumber'n a bag of hammers. Well, I guess you're my cross to bear- That's not the issue, Delmar. Even if it did put you square with the Lord, the State of Mississippi is more hardnosed. I thought you said you were innocent a those charges. Delmar what the hell are you talking about? - We got bigger fish to fry- And no transmission belt for two weeks neither. ...but try getting a decent hair jelly. NOW HOLD ON, BOYS-AINTCHA EVER HEARD OF A NEGOTIATION? MAYBE WE CAN TALK THIS THING OUT! Fire! I hate fire! Don't know, Delmar-though the blind are reputed to possess sensitivities compensatin' for their lack of sight, even to the point of developing para- normal psychic powers. Now clearly, seein' the future would fall neatly into that ka-taggery. It's not so surprising, then, if an organism deprived of earthly vision- Well sure, honey, but... Yes, but honey - A 9,000-hectacre lake, honey. Well now honey, that ring is at the bottom of a pretty durned big lake. Well, I'm sorry honey - You - You said - You said it was in the rolltop desk! Not your... - in the gods - Huh? And you were right about that ring. Any other weddin' band would not do. But this-here was foreordained, honey; fate was a-smilin' on me, and ya have to have confidence - ...Time for this old boy to enjoy some repose. But I don't mind telling you, I'm awful pleased my adventuring days is at an end... All's well that ends well, as the poet says. It's just a symbol, honey - Aw, honey, our ring is just a old pewter thing - Hell, now's the time to buy it off him cheap. Where's your ring, honey? Just a little change of cast. Me and the little lady are gonna pick up the pieces'n retie the knot, mixaphorically speakin'. You boys're invited, of course. Hell, you're best men! Already got the rings. ...Why you... lyin,... unconstant... succubus! I'll tell you what I am - I'm the paterfamilias! You can't marry him! Now Penny, stop that! Well any human being will cast about in a moment of stress. No, the fact is, they're flooding this valley so they can hydro-electric up the whole durned state... It just never fails; once again you two hayseeds are showin' how much you want for innalect. There's a perfectly scientific explanation for what just happened - No, this is gonna work! I just gotta get close enough to talk to her. Takin' off with us is got a lot more future in it than marrying a guy named Waldrip. I'm goddamn bona fide. I've got the answers! Well, it's a invitation-only affair; we'll have to sneak in through the service entrance- Pete... I do apologize. I couldn't wait two weeks! She's gettin' married tomorra! Damnit, I just hadda bust out! My wife wrote me she was gettin' married! I gotta stop it! Fact of the matter - there never was! Well, but Pete... Pete, uh, I don't want ya to beat yourself up about this thing... Aw, that's all right. I shoulda guessed it - typical womanly behavior. Just lucky we left before they came for us. Quitcha babblin' Pete - time to skedaddle. ...I believe, unless I'm very much mistaken - see, we've been away for several years, uh... Itta Bena, now, uh, that would be... Pete, the personal rancor reflected in that remark I don't intend to dignify with comment, but I would like to address your general attitude of hopeless negativism. Consider the lilies a the goddamn field, or-hell!- take a look at Delmar here as your paradigm a hope. Me? Oh, I didn't have no plan. Still don't, really. What about you, Delmar? What're you gonna do with your share a that dough? Million point two. Join you two ignorant fools in a ridiculous superstition? Thank you anyway. And I like the smell of my hair treatment - the pleasing odor is half the point. For him, not for the law! I'm surprised at you, Pete. Hell, I gave you credit for more brains than Delmar. Pete, don't be ignorant- Pete, it's a fool looks for logic in the chambers of the human heart. What the hell's that singing? So I borrowed it till I did know! Who was fixing to betray us! It was in his bureau. Sell that. I figured it could only have painful associations for Wash. Don't I know it. Now hold on, Pete, we gotta speak with one voice here - CAREFUL WITH THAT FIRE NOW, BOYS! Pete's cousin turned us in for the bounty! Well I'm votin' for yours truly too! Well, Pete, I just figured it should be the one with capacity for abstract thought. But if that ain't the consensus view, hell, let's put her to a vote! Well, ain't this place a geographical oddity-two weeks from everywhere! Forget it! Just the dozen hairnets! No! I don't want Fop! Goddamnit - I use Dapper Dan! Hold on there - I don't want this pomade, I want Dapper Dan. Two weeks! That don't do me no good! Okay sir, but Mert and Aloysius'll have to scratch Xes - only four of us can write. Hot damn, boy, I almost believe you did sell your soul to the devil! Sir, the Soggy Bottom Boys been steeped in ol'-timey material. Heck, you're silly with it, aintcha boys? Sir, we are Negroes. All except our a-cump- uh, company-accompluh- uh, the fella that plays the gui-tar. Well sir, my name is Jordan Rivers and these here are the Soggy Bottom Boys outta Cottonelia Mississippi- Songs of Salvation to Salve the Soul. We hear you pay good money to sing into a can. Who's the honcho around here?Hot damn, we gotta find those boys! Sign 'em to a big fat contract! Hell's bells, Mr. Lunn, if we don't the goddamn competition will! Well that record has just gone through the goddamn roof! They're playin' it as far away as Mobile! The whole damn state's goin' ape! They cut a record in here, few days ago, old-timey harmony thing with a guitar Accump-accump-uh- How can I lay hold a the Soggy Bottom Boys?But Pappy, they's inter-grated. We cain't do that, Daddy, we might offend our constichency. Well people like that reform. Maybe we should get us some. Well he's the reform candidate, Daddy.Boys, that was some mighty fine pickin' and singin'. You just sign these papers and I'll give you ten dollars apiece. Well, I don't record Negro songs. I'm lookin' for some ol'-timey material. Why, people just can't get enough of it since we started broadcastin' the 'Pappy O'Daniel Flour Hour', so thanks for stoppin' by, but- Well that all depends. You boys do Negro songs? I am. Hur you? Oh mercy, yes. You gotta beat that competition. It was a powerful air. Oh I remember 'em, colored fellas I believe, swell bunch a boys, sung into yon can and skedaddled. Soggy Bottom Boys - I don't precisely recollect, uh - Now what can I do you for, Mister French?She's at the five and dime. He's a suitor! That's a maiden name. Mama said you was hit by a train! He ain't our daddy!You don't know where his goddamn folks from; you speakin' outcha asshole. What's his name again? I'm sayin' we har this man away. Y'ignorant slope-shouldered sack a guts! Why we'd look like a buncha satchel-ass Johnnie-Come-Latelies braggin' on our own midget! Don't matter how stumpy! And that's the goddamn problem right there - people think this Stokes got fresh ideas, he's oh coorant and we the past. I'm just makin' a point, you stupid sonofabitch! We ain't one-at-a-timin' here, we mass communicatin'! Well I guess folks don't mind they's integrated. Holy-moly. These boys're a hit! We ain't got a constichency! Stokes got a constichency! I signed that bill! I signed a dozen a those aggi-culture bills! Everyone knows I'm a friend a the fahmuh! What do I gotta do, start diddlin' livestock?! ...Yeah? Languishing! Goddamn campaign is languishing! We need a shot inna arm! Hear me, boys? Inna goddamn ARM! Election held tomorra, that sonofabitch Stokes would win it in a walk!Good Lord, what do we do? Awful sorry I betrayed you fellas; must be my Hogwallop blood. Well I - I ain't had it easy either, boys. Uh, frankly, I - well I spilled my guts about the treasure. No, they never did turn me into a toad. Do not seek the treasure! What about you, Everett? What'd you have in mind when you stoled it in the first place? Yeah, it stinks in that ol' barn. All except fer our a-cump-uh-nust! That's right! You mis'able little sneak thief... We ain't gonna make it walkin'. How ya been, Wash? Been what, twelve, thirteen year'n? That ain't the tune you were singin' back there at the gallows! We prayed to God and he pitied us! This is crazy. No one's ever gonna believe we're a real band. Wait a minute - who elected you leader a this outfit? Since we been followin' your lead we got nothin' but trouble! I gotten this close to bein' strung up, n'consumed in a fire, 'n whipped no end, 'n sunstroked, 'n soggied - Eighty-four years old! I'll be gummin' pab-you-lum! ...With my added time for the escape, I don't get out now 'til 1987... I'll be eighty-four years old. ...No treasure... I had two weeks left on my sentence... But... But... but... I cain't help it, but that's a wonderful thing to say! It's awful white of ya to take it like that, Everett. I feel wretched, spoilin' yer play for a million dollars'n point two. It's been eatin' at my guts. They lured me out for a bathe, then they dunked me'n trussed me up like a hog and turned me in for the bounty. It was a moment a weakness! ...Nah, that ain't right... I'm thinkin' of... Isn't it, uh... The hell it ain't square one! Ain't no one gonna pick up three filthy unshaved hitchhikers, and one of 'em a know-it-all that can't keep his trap shut! Well that hardly sounds like you... An' all my meals for free... A million dollars. Hell, at least it woulda washed away the stink of that pomade. The preacher said it absolved us. Well, I'll be a sonofabitch. Delmar's been saved! That don't make no sense! You didn't know that at the time! To Washington Bartholomew Hogwallop. From his loving Cora. Ay-More Fie- dellis. How's this a plan? How're we gonna get a car? We got but four days to get to that treasure! After that, it'll be at the bottom of a lake! Huh?! They dam that river on the 21st. Today's the 17th! YOU LOUSY YELLA-BELLIED LOW-DOWN SKUNKS- The hell you say! Wash is kin! Suits me! I'm votin' for yours truly! Wait a minute! Who elected you leader a this outfit?Not out the other side his face, though. Vernon Waldrip. Powas p'suasion. No one says no to Pappy O'Daniel. Have him join us, run our campaign 'stead a that pencil-neck's. Helluva idea. Pullin' ah pants down... Well, that's how I characterize it. No, I believe he's a-gonna paddle it. Gonna paddle ah little bee-hind. Ass right. Helluva awgazation. Well, it's a well-run campaign, midget'n broom'n whatnot. Wipin' little circles with his bread. Pappy gonna be sittin' there pants down and Stokes at the table soppin' up the gravy. Stokes is pullin' ah pants down. In any state.Buyin' nipples! It's bona fide! You got a maiden name, Daddy? Blooey! Daddy!