Rain. The sled as a shield.... I would rather we all stay-- What? And you're certain you can find the way back? Even in the dark? Hasan? Quiet, please. Everyone. One is all? We're all on the same hajj now. Chrislam teaches that once in every lifetime should there be a great hajj -- a great pilgrimage. To know God, better, yes, but to know yourself as well. "Some prophet guy." And a city man. But he had to travel to the desert -- where there was quiet -- to hear the words of God. You know who Muhammad was? One of the Christian habits we didn't adopt -- perhaps unfortunately. We'll have to wait. It's more a place where souls are found, Mr. Riddick. New Mecca.... SULEIMAN! Suleiman! He will be with us. Nonetheless. I see. Well, even if you don't believe in God, it doesn't mean He won't be -- Blessing you like the others. It's painless. You mean.... Where's Mr. Johns? Well...we must keep her close, then. Here, she'll be safe if we put her between -- Has anyone seen the young one? Ali? She's the captain, we should listen to -- We crossed our own tracks. Please...this solves nothing...please.... I had the impression...from the model... that the two planets were moving as one. That there would be...a lasting darkness. The child heard you before any of us could even.... "God is Great," yes? All deserts have water, somewhere. God shall lead us there.How much you weigh right now, Fry? Huh? -- tried to kill us in our sleep. Paris had it right -- we are disposable. We're just walking ghosts to her. -- she tried to blow the whole fucking passenger cabin, tried to kill us -- No, no, you're right, Fry. What's to be afraid of? My life is a steamin' pile of meaningless toadshit anyhow. So I say mush on! Canyon's only couple hundred meters, after that we're in Skiff City! So why don't you just butch up, stuff a cork in that kid, and get -- I dunno. Nice breeze, wide open spaces -- you know, I'm startin' to enjoy myself out here. Hey, you're the one who got me out here, turned me into a goddamn sled dog. An' now you 'spect me to go back like a whipped dog? We aren't completely stupid. So you noticed too? You give him the cells and the ship -- and he will leave you. He will leave you all out there to die. He'll lead you over the first cliff. You know that, don't you? 79 kilos. What the hell's it matter? Hey. Why don't you rag your hole for two seconds and let someone else come up with a plan that doesn't involve MASS SUICIDE? Smoke screen for what? Look, we gotta think about everyone now -- the kid especially. How scared is she gonna be out there? Oh, lady. If you're in your right mind, I pray you go insane. 'Sokay, 'sokay. I killed it. My first run-in with Riddick. Went for the sweet-spot and missed. They had to leave a piece of the shiv in there. I can feel it, sometimes, pressing against the cord. So maybe the care and feeding of my nerve-endings is my business. Owens was already dead. His brain just hadn't caught on to that fact. Not a problem unless you're gonna make -- You have a little caffeine in the morning, I have a little morphine. So what? I never said I was. I won't give him a chance to grab another ship -- or to slash another pilot's throat. He's a murderer. The law says he's gotta do his bid. -- we need a fail-safe. Bring the cells over at the last possible minute -- when the wings are ready, when we know we're ready to launch. May've noticed chains don't work on this guy. Only way we're truly safe is if he believes he's goin' free. But if he stops believin' -- That's what I said. He also figured out how to kill the pilot, Fry. Hijacked a prison transport, made a helluva good run 'fore I tracked him down. We're not sure when it happens, so let's not -- Let's wait on the power cells. Wha'? Let's board this up and get the hell gone. They seem to stick to the dark, so if we stick to daylight, should be all -- Rag it, Riddick. Nobody wants your theories on -- 25 kilos each, huh? How many? Little ratty-ass. You said it, not me. Let's just not let one bad call lead to another. Hey. Bein' ballsy with your life now doesn't change what came before -- it's just stupid. I don't. But that ground looked none too stable, and I don't want anyone -- Well, don't ask me to. I am sure. Look, murders aside, Riddick belongs in the Asshole Hall of Fame. He loves the jaw-jackin', loves making you afraid, 'cuz that's all he has. And you're playing right into -- I know what happened -- he went off on the guy, buried him on the hill somewhere, and now he's trying to -- I assume he licked it clean. Sir Shiv-a-lot. He likes to cut. ...I don't play that...I don't play that so just try again. C'mon, Riddick, tell me a better lie.... Like my pistola. Sorry. Thought I heard something. Shut up. Thought he might be coolin' it in the boneyard -- could either double-back to the ship or slip in behind us. So I left the bottle out as bait. Didn't bite. Fuck. Guess I'm more glad to be here than I thought. You see anybody else here? Just between you and me. Hey. You can tell me, Carolyn. What'd Owens mean? 'Bout not touching the switch? So I noticed. Never seen a "captain" quite so ready to leave her ship. Probably right. Tell me it's not a mirage. Which means he went toward sunrise. A very good sign. That's Riddick's direction. You do not wanna be caught in the dark with this guy. Little swamp-flu from the Conga system. Never shook it with all this cryo-sleep. Only around humans. Be my choice. Already escaped once from the max-slam facility on -- Big Evil? Amazing. I'm Johns. Hey, who? Listen to her? Her ? When she was willing to sacrifice us all? He's running us 'round in circles. Look for yourself. Look! Oh, Trash Baby, you're gonna regret this. Those suns gotta come back sometime . And if these animals really are phobic about light, we just sit tight till then. We got you...it's okay, it's okay...we got you now.... I'm born-again. For what? There is no water. You understand that, don't you? She's the pilot, she should stay close to the cells. Very big beads. Well, just a skiff. Disposable, really. Didn't say that. But least this way I don't have to worry about falling asleep and not wakin' up. What the hell are these? A toast to whatever he just said. King Tut's tomb.... ...then we saw this. Like who, Mr. Chrislam? Aw, don't tell me you're growin' scruples. What's one more to you? Like this is the one that sends you to Hell? Then let's not name the Thanksgiving turkey, okay? I assume you still got a shiv. What do you care? Don' look, don' look, don' look.... Don't wanna feed these land-sharks -- just keep 'em off our scent. Trawl with it. There's a cable on the sled. We can drag the body behind us. Either way, figure it's something you can grab onto. Look, it's hellified stuff -- but no different than those battlefield doctors when they have to decide who lives and who dies. It's called "triage," okay? What if you're one of five? Six of us left. If we could get through that canyon and lose just one, that'd be quite a fucking feat, huh? A good thing, right? Ain't all of us gonna make it. Aw, this can't be happening to me.... What're you jaw-jackin' about? Girl's not cut. About how to kill us and still get these cells to the skiff. Goddamnit, we're just doin' the heavy lifting for this prick! Such as. Well, what's it look like now? Fuck me . You said "clear." I'm willing to take a cut in pay. Wanna rag your fat mouth? I'd rather piss glass. Are you fuckin' kidding me? If you were me, I'd kill us both. C'mon, you wanna sit at the grown-up table or not? Only if we both get outta this alive. And there may be a way. Truth is, Riddick, I'm tired of this head-up shit. I wanna be free of you as much as you wanna be free of me. Here's the deal. You work without the chains, without the bit -- without the shivs. You help us get off this rock.... Want you to remember this moment, Riddick. The way it coulda gone and didn't. We're movin'. And I'm just wondering if I shouldn't lighten the load right now.70 seconds! You still got 70 seconds to level this beast out! When captain went down, you stepped up -- whether you like it or not. Now they train you for this, so -- Look, Fry. Company says we're responsible for every one of those -- You mean that "load" of passengers? Fry? Just tell me we're still in the shipping lane. Just show me all those stars, all those bright, beautiful, deep-space.... Oh, no. Not Owens, not.... Wai', wai', wait. I'm Owens . Right? I mean, I mean, chrono shows we're 22 weeks out, so gravity wasn't supposed to kick in for another 19. I mean, I mean, I mean, why did I fall at all ? Why did I fall on you?Not sure. I was just runnin' away when this whole thing.... Probably okay to talk to me now. Yeah, yeah -- we're all fuckin' amazed. Anyone not ready for this? It's a fucking staircase! Go over it! GO OVER IT! He died fast. And if we got any choice, that's the way we should all go out. Don't you cry for Johns. Don't you dare. Don't wanna miss this. You barely know them. You'd die for them? No one's gonna blame you. C'mon. Take my hand and save yourself, Carolyn. Just give me your hand. Here. Make it easy on you. Step aboard, Carolyn. 'Course I am -- but doesn't mean I won't leave you here. If you believe anything about me, better be that. They're already dead. Get on board. Got a better idea. Come with me . Truthfully? I wouldn't know how. Confusin' me with Johns now -- fear was his monkey. I only deal in life and death. All that stuff in between? Some shade of grey my eyes don't see. Think you've mistaken me for somebody who gives a fuck. Strong survival instinct. Admire that in a woman. We can't make it. So where the hell's God now, huh? I'll tell you where! He's up there PISSING ON ME! As fast as you can. As fast as you can. Let's drop back an' boot up. One or two. So everybody huddles together till the lights burn out? Until you can't see what's eating you? That the big plan? Back to the ship, huh? What it's gonna be like when we hit that canyon. With her bleeding. Canyon ahead. I circled once to buy some time to think. Listen . Hunger. I see 60 years of hunger. Saw something I didn't like. Actually... That's what I been askin' myself. Been a long time since anyone's trusted me. That's somethin' right there. Nobody's gonna turn a murderer loose. I fuckin' knew better. Had it with deals. Well, guess if it was trickeration he'd just do me, huh? Then again...I am worth twice as much alive. Didn't know? Johns ain't a cop. Oh, he's got that shiny badge an' all, but nah -- he's just a merc and I'm just a payday. That's why he won't kill me. The creed is greed. I asked what you thought. An' now you're worried about a repeat of history? Strange, not doin' a run-up on the main drive yet. Strange unless he told you the particulars of my escape. Power cells. Look deeper. Fairly fuckin' ironic, wouldn't you say? Slamlight's so dim that you go and get your eyeballs taken out and shined up -- then you wind up here. Three ass-kick suns. Maybe I did do a few people. But not this one. No ma'am, not this time. Slam doctor. Well, we called him "doctor." All you people are so scared of me -- an' most days, I'd take that as a compliment -- but it ain't me you gotta worry about now. The ones tellin' me to go for the sweet spot -- just to the left of the spine, fourth lumbar down. The abdominal aorta. What a gusher. Had a cup on his belt, so I used it to catch a little run-off. Metallic taste to it, human blood. Coppery. But if you cut it with peppermint schnapps, that goes away. Course, that's more for winter. Summertime, I take mine straight. 'Mean the whispers? Think a soul could get lost there? With all those pilgrim-types? KEEP GOING OR I WILL! Get the girl back under. Keep going. Give my blessing to the girl. She needs a spare. 'Cuz you don't spend half your life in lock-down with a horse-bit in your mouth and not believe. And you surely don't start out in a liquor store trash bin with an umbilical cord wrapped around your neck and not believe. Oh, absolutely I believe in God. And I absolutely hate the fucker. You don't see. And pointless. What're you doin'? Which half? There is no "safe." Has anyone checked the coring room? Just wonderin' if we don't need a bigger piece of chum. Oh, you're a piece of art, Johns. They oughtta hang you in a museum somewhere. Or forget the museum -- maybe they should just hang you. What, you 'spect me to do it? What's her name, anyway? So which one caught your eye? Nice embellishment. Sacrifice play. Hack up one body, leave it at start of the canyon. Like a bucket of chum. Kept calling it "murder" when I did it. Not if I'm the one. Just realized that, huh? They been nose-open for her ever since we left. They go off blood. No. She's not. About the girl. Hard to tell, sometimes...even for me... but looked like a bunch of those big boys chewin' each other's gonads off. Thought we'd swing wide. Okay by you? Looks clear. Said "looks clear." How 'bout a cut in your gut? Think about that reward, Johns. Well, you got the big gauge. Not afraid of the dark, are you? My recommendation: Do me. Don't take the chance that I'll get shiv-happy on your wannabe ass. Ghost me, Riddick. Would if I were you. You'd cut me loose, Boss? For what? The honor of goin' back to some asshole of a cell? Say that again. Found somethin' worse than me, huh? What, it's broken? Just wanted his O-2. Though I notice he tried to ghost my ass. When he shot up that stranger instead. I know you don't uncrate your emergency ship unless there's a fucking emergency. What, you don't really think they left with their clothes on the lines? Photos on the walls? Doesn't need to be. Use this to get back up to the Sol-Track Shipping Lanes, stick out a thumb. You'll get picked up. Right?What, you're goin' off, too? Well? Is it just the pump? So what the bloody hell happened, anyways? Well, just keep your bloody-fuckin' eyes open. Don't want that ratbag sneakin' up on me bloody-fuckin' arse. So much for your nightfall. 'Cuz they couldn't hunt shit with these things, be my guess. An' this?