Heh heh I bet they are babe. I bet they are. Look, my battery's dying . . . Oh I wouldn't miss it for the world. I bet you did such a great job. Look, I'm stuck on the freeway. I think there was some big accident. It could be a little while so I don't want you to start freaking if I don't get there at exactly, Eight thirty. Reaction to what? Alright I'm here. What the fuck do you want from me? Where are you? Yeah. I swear to God if you lay one hand on her! What?! What?! But I did everything you said to do! It's CICI! Cici's the name of the character she plays in the movie! I swear to God if you lay a finger on her I'll fucking kill you! What kind of a game? Listen you sick fuck, is this your idea of a joke? What do you mean? Thanks. Well ya got me. That's me. I'm Ben Damon. Asshole, Can't talk. Uh-huh. Look bro, my battery is running out. Really wish I could chat, but I can't so, later. I think you got the wrong number, buddy. Well what number are you trying to reach? Who is this? Jesus. Hello?Alright, calm down. I'm going to radio in for backup right now. Jesus Gale what happened? Wrong, this issue is Sidney Prescott! And either Mr. Riley is going to obstruct justice or is going to put me in touch with her. So, where is she? Actually, there was more this time. This time, we found a picture too. Ben Damon. Christine Perkins. Sarah Darling. Tom Prinze. That's four, last time I learned how to count. Yeah, but, if I'm not mistaken, you said in your book that Sidney got it wrong before. She accused Cotton Weary of murdering her mother, and he was sent away for it! Maybe there is a third killer. Sidney Might know something Whoever it is, now is taking credit for Maureen Prescott's murder. Deal, but I'm still Detective Kincaid,ok? In my fifteen years as a homicide detective I've never met a single soul as pushy and brazen as you are Miss Weathers. I'm not at liberty to tell you that Miss Weathers. You're no longer working with the L.A.P.D. I don't even know why you're standing in here right now. By all means I should have you thrown out. Yes well we have a suspect, so don't get that worried. That's STAB 3, Miss Weathers. It looks like we're going to be getting a warrant to speak with Miss Prescott anyway. Look, Miss Weathers, if there's a problem, give me a call. Here's my card. I'm always there. I go to the police station and do my job, and you go back to being Gale Weathers. And who would that be? I've tried to get in touch with Sidney Prescott, but she's keeping herself very well hidden. You're my one and only hope in finding her. Her life may be in grave danger. There's more. I wish that was all Miss Weathers, but there's more. The killer left a note. Both of them were found brutally murdered this morning under the Hollywood sign. Autopsy reports having come back to me yet but the bodies looked like something out one of the Stab films. I'm sorry Miss Weathers. Allow me to introduce myself, MARK KINCAID, L.A.P.D. Are you familiar with the actor Ben Damon, or the actress CHRISTINE PERKINS? Catch him, or kill him. Because, that means that we're dealing with an ordinary, flesh and blood killer. And I know how to handle guys like that. Here's the deal, I'm off to search the soundstage. That's good news. What did you know about your mother? Can't arrest ghosts. But the best way to stop being haunted is to be with people. You're here, you're not hiding, you've done the right thing, Miss Prescott. I know what it's like to see ghosts that don't Go away. To be watching a scary movie in your head, whether you want to or not, watching it alone. I'm a homicide detective, remember? When you see what I see day in and day out, the violence that people do to each other, you get haunted. I think you know about that. To me Hollywood is about death. No, they tend to put me on the ones that deal with the business. I grew up here, and I know my way around the studios. All I know about movie trilogies is in the third one, all bets are off. Call me Mark, would you? Cause I'm gonna keep calling you Sidney. You mean like, movie trilogies? Are you sure? The killer leaves a newspaper clipping at each murder, Sidney. Recently he's also left a photo of your mother. Sid, get in my car. You're coming back to the station with me where it's safe. Jesus Christ Sidney, what happened? I got a call on my cell from home. They told me that someone was attacked. He could've monitored the calls on a scanner. Did you call her from the set? What? When? Nice to finally meet you, Sidney. What Rielly? When it's a threat, you'll know it. Who knows more about Maureen Prescott than her own daughter? Before you jump to conclusions, the man in the picture, COTTON WEARY, is out of the country on business. His alibi checks out. Seems he's got a TV show in Australia, 100% COTTON. It's supposedly the biggest thing down under since Yahoo Serious, but that's besides the point. Police are still searching through the debris. Could be days before we find her . . . that is, if she's even there. That is for me to decide. I need to talk to her Mr. Riley, she is a key element in this case. I have a press conference in an hour, and I need to explain why there are four dead celebrities. That's fine Mr. Rielly, but if anyone else should die, I'm going to have to get a warrant. Mr. Rielly? My name is Mark Kincaid. I'm with the L.A.P.D. Are you aware of last night's Events?And what made you think it was Sidney? No. Sidney, do you have any idea how he could've gotten your number? The killer called her. There's someone here who wants to help. Detective Kincaid? Is that a threat? Is that a threat, Detective? Well Sid's dad couldn't help you and he was married to Maureen. What does this have to do with Sid? What about Angelina Tyler? She was there too. I told you, I don't know where Sidney is. And even if there was a third killer, Sidney doesn't know about it. Understood. If you'll excuse me Detective. Gale. Yeah. A real tragedy. Watch out Sid. Randy said the killer's always superhuman. Don't worry Sid I'd never leave you like that. Sid I want you to stay here! I'll be right back! I'm not gonna let them get Gale! Where's Gale? I'm out back. Tied up. Hurry Sid! The killer's looking for you! Quick untie me! Sid I can see you! Help me Sid! The killer's got me! Don't worry, I've got a permit for it. Do you want me to come with you Sid? I mean, remember what Randy said? No. Karen Colcheck. From Woodsboro. Alright Sid, over there is the STAB 3 Production offices. That's where Sarah Darling was murdered last night. I was afraid they were bait, something to, ya know, trick you out of hiding. Follow me. What? What are you doing here? I told you to stay hidden! It's not safe for you up here. Gale, I know this is a bad time and all but what if we try it out again. The whole relationship thing. Who is it? Nevermind, what'd you two find? Do you want us to come with you? Just Jennifer. And you. Oh. Yeah, I guess I do. Sid, this is detective Kincaid. GALE BEHIND YOU! OH. OH GOD. GALE -- Don't worry. I'm prepared for anything. Gale, your engine's still running. You're not a detective. Stop following me. I'm on duty. Jennifer needs me. I've got my suspicions but still, nothing you say can ever make me take my eyes off one person. What part of 'Off the record' don't you understand? I already removed it. I think someone on the film was trying to find Sid, and that's the only reason I came here. To make do a little private investigating of my own and make sure no one here was planning anything. The boys said no. She wouldn't give her name. A month later, the station gets broken into, the file room ransacked. Two months ago, the Woodsboro police got a call from a woman who said she was with 'Stab 3'. She wanted to see the file on Sid, for research. Off the record. Brace yourself, Gale, all of this is actually not About you. You used to say that was our strength. What's wrong with just being Gale Weathers? I liked her! So it's off to London for a week? New York for a month? L.A Forever? What about me? Why would the police come to you? Do you really mean it this time Gale? You mean OUR past as in Me and Sid. This has nothing to do with you Gale. They found another note? What so you can just exploit her again with another book? Sid doesn't need you Gale. But you know who she was. No point, I'm just gonna give Detective Kincaid a call. So you knew Sidney Prescott's mother.When we did the first 'Stab" I realized I'd known Maureen Prescott before, I mean as Rina. I couldn't tell anyone. Can you imagine the press? What the hell are you guys getting at? I make horror films, that's what I do. The Studio came to me with 'Stab'. They came to me, check it out. I remember her! She was a bit player in a couple of my movies. A nobody! So what does it matter? What's your point? Just what the hell do you people think you're doing, barging in here like this? I've got important calls to make. I run this studio. I'm saying things got out of hand. Maybe they did take advantage of her!. Maybe the sad truth is, this is not the city for innocence. No charges were brought. And the bottom line is, Rina Reynolds wouldn't play by the rules. You wanna get ahead in Hollywood, you gotta play the game, or go home. It was in the 70's, everything was different. I was well known for my parties, Rina knew what they were. It was for girls like her to meet men, men who could get them parts, if they made the right impression. Nothing happened to her that she didn't invite, in one way or another, no matter what she said afterwards. Now you listen to me, Lois Lane, let it go. It's dead and buried. Daddy took ol' Yeller out behind the barn and shot him in the head a long time ago. Yeah. Get real, that would make me a suspect! Who? Listen Lois Lane, I love your show and all but last month I happened to catch your little segment on me and how my wife left me because I'm a sex addict who enjoys screwing fifteen year old girls. It was a real eye opener my lawyers are still thinking about bringing to your superior's attentions. Well then, I guess I'll be leaving then. GALE WEATHERS?! What are you doing here? No press on the set! No press, no press on set! Get that woman out of here.Sure. Well if you were in my shoes, dealing with those big Time Sunrise Studio producers like I do on a daily basis, you'd watch how quick your life goes from a Walt Disney picture to a Tobe Hooper flick. Honestly, my life. Well it's a honor to be here amongst so many fans of the genre. And I must say that any of you worried that Jerry Rapp, or Tori or David not returning to complete the STAB trilogy, have no fear, Roman is here. Aided with my excellent cast of newcomers I believe we're going to pull off one of the best Stabs yet. Good morning Gale. Pleasure to be here. See Sid, now comes the part where we get away with it! The part where we win! Cause face it Sidney, in this world, the bad guys win! Wait a second Sid. Don't you go jumping the gun. You haven't seen the best part. With the aides of the computer revolution of y2kI've been able to steal your voice. Ain't it cool? Listen to what the police are gonna find next to your lifeless, mutilated body. I'm a director Sid, I direct. For example, Angelina over there, She's my partner. I can convince her to do anything. We've been dating since I met her in Woodsboro. Roman Bridger, director. And brother. She slammed the door in my face, Sid. Said I was Rina's child and Rina was dead. And it struck me, what a good idea! So I watched her, made a little home movie, a little family film. Seems Maureen, mom, really got around. I mean, Cotton Weary was one thing, everybody knew about that, but Billy's father, that was the key! Your boyfriend didn't like seeing his daddy in my movies. Didn't like it at all. And once I supplied the motive, all the kid needed was a few pointers. Have a partner to sell out in case you get caught, find someone to frame, it was like her was making a movie. My movie. It's not just a new script, it's a new movie. It is in my script. It's Sarah. But you know my favorite name? Why don't we just read the scene? Candy, is that like candy cane or candy apple? Who's this? Hello. Page 22, Candy's big moment. Um hmm... umhmm great, so let's run the lines. You're not happy with your part. All right, since I got you on the phone, let's talk about your character. Sarah, it's Roman, I'm sorry I'm running late, I'm still on the 405, I'm about 10 minutes away.You mean what's left of us. Yeah I'm running on empty anyways. Gotta refuel. Really, cause that stunt lost me the lead role in Roman Polanski's latest picture. Huh, what a coincide I was picked up by Roman Bridger. Well, not exactly the Roman I wanted. Get my point? STAB 3 is bullshit. Fuck, because of your big mouth I'm here, drinking piss water SCOTCH with Second rate fucking celebrities like Jennifer Jollie and yourself! Hey, I just got an idea. Maybe I should Have a look at your break line. That your car over there? Hey I really liked that piece you did on me last month. The one where you said my car accident was caused by me drinking and drugs, and how I faked the tire blow-out just so my insurance wouldn't sky rocket. Gale Weathers. What a surprise.Melinda McGraw? And that CICI chick wasn't that bad either but I'm really concerned about my safety now. Nah I think it's doing so damn well because one of it's players got iced. I just hope none of us end up dead. No. Roman and everybody else went home for the night. I'm here for a make-up test. I'm just saying, though. What if there's someone out there stalking actors? Huh? Then what? SCENE 32. INT. CANDY'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT. "What are you talking about Ricky, the murders were a completely isolated incident". And still the film is Number One at the box office this weekend. Beat out American Pasty and Arlington Street.To see your reaction. Closer than you think. Very good. You follow directions well. Now for the final part of the game. Put down the bat and approach the sign, slowly. No! You listen to me, if you're not where I want you in fifteen minutes I'll hollow her out. Do you understand? You're not playing by the rules Ben. Don't you want her to live? Good bye Ben. That's right. And you beat ROUND 1. Now we're taking the game to a whole new level. Meet me beneath the Hollywood sign in ten minutes. I'll have your girlfriend. We'll be waiting. Very good. Now we play ROUND 2. Maybe so, but right now, we play the game. First question, Your girlfriend's counting on you, Name your girlfriend's character in STAB 2? You seem to be familiar with the STAB movies. Here's how we play. I ask you a question. You get it right, your girlfriend lives. You answer wrong, she dies. More of a game really. I mean, I'm standing right outside the LADIES ROOM door at the PLAZA THEATER. Your girlfriend Christine is in there. She's all alone. Everyone's in the auditorium waiting for the film to start. I've got my knife. Now let's see you act your way out of this one. Really? You're such a talented actor. You almost sound like that guy from THERE'S SOMETHING ABOUT CARRIE. Ben. Ben Damon. But your voice sounds so familiar. Wait, wait. Don't hang up. Do I? I don't know. Who is this? Hello. It's good to see you again Sidney. I was growing real impatient. Go ahead. Explore. I'll catch up with you later. You're doing real good. Can't you figure it out? I wanna finish this where it all began. Woodsboro. You follow directions good. Now let's wrap this production. Go to the Sunrise Studios backlot. I'll call you when you get there. I'll call you, when you're on your way. She'd have been so happy, Sidney, to know we'd be together. I don't want them, I want you! It's simple. You show yourself, they survive, you run, they die! Are real? How do you know you're not hearing things? How do you know I'm not someone in your head? Somewhere, you know. Always hard being friends with you, Sidney. When you're friends with Sidney, you die! Well these friends don't have to, Sidney. It's up to you. Go there. Don't do it! If you do one thing to attract attention, one thing, I'll kill them both. Now, do you have somewhere we can be alone? The question isn't who I am. The question is, who's with me. { a click } I only her you too, Sidney. Great. A spirited one. I'll be seeing you real soon Sidney. Real soon. No. We play in my court this time. Come to Hollywood. STAB 3's going to cutting corners cast-wise. And I've got my eyes set on a technical advisor named Dewey Rielly. Heh. So you think Sidney. So you think. It's all been building up to this Sid. Every STAB. Every SCREAM. Every ounce of blood that's been spilled has all been leading up to this moment. WELCOME TOTHE FINAL ACT. Let them try. You'll never find me. I've already gotten away with murder before. For instance, Maureen Prescott. I want to finish what I started. I want to finish the game. Do you think it's over Sidney? Do you?