It's the same. What happened to what they gave you? What are you thinking, calling me at home with a message like that? You've compromised me and our relationship -- I can't do that. Helena -- Helena, please. This is out of your hands. Have you gone crazy? You are not Carl. You aren't as good as Carl. They are moving the trial to a high security location. The press has gone berserk. The jury will be influenced. Stay out of things. Let us try to win the case. That was a stupid thing you did. Incredibly stupid. I remember when I first met you: little Helen Watts from the wrong side of somewhere. I had a feeling even then that your survival instincts were pretty well honed. Laundromats for the washing of money. Unfortunately, Carl had only one successful business. Even if I knew I wouldn't tell you. You do not want to come into contact with these people. Only Carl knows who they are. That's his real asset. Ruiz doesn't know them. They don't know Ruiz. Church and State. Yes, I told you before, there are people who owe you money but they're not paying. There's too much heat on Carl. Helena, if I had it I would give it to you, but I don't have that kind of money. This place is swept twice a day. I learned that in Miami in '85. Then the U.S. shut down the whole Caribbean, but it's a big game of wack-a-mole. Knock it down in Miami, it pops up here. And San Diego is so much more relaxing. I suspect he'll accept his payment in publicity. You're gonna get through it, but the first thing we do is get Michael Adler to represent Carl. We get Adler and we beat this thing. Of course he is. I've known him for twenty years and he doesn't jaywalk... That's a very apt analogy, Helena. Now, go home and be with your children. I don't know, but under no circumstances would I talk about it here. I want you to go home and relax the best you can. Continue your life as if nothing has happened. That is very important. Got it? Good. Do not discuss anything over the telephone. Do not talk to the neighbors. Stay out of your yard. Good. From now on I want you to expect that every word you utter will be tape-recorded, that the movement of your lips is being read. Got it? Listen to me carefully. First of all, Carl isn't here. DEA's got him and they'll hang on to him until arraignment, which will probably be tomorrow. So here you're wasting your time. Are you with me? I understand. You're upset. You want to know what's going on. That's good. Helena, I'm so sorry -- Carl -- Carl, think about it, if I was trying to rip you off, I would have left town after Ruiz was killed. I wouldn't sit next to you in court listening to the dismissal. Carl, that's insane. I just didn't want to take a chance. I didn't want to risk it. It could have been frozen along with everything else. I was just waiting for the right time. What? Carl, I'm running late. I'm coming right now --Helena -- We'll get through this, I promise. I'll make it up to you -- Helena -- How's David? You all right? I got that. How was your day? What's up? Hi.Goodbye Arnie. Arnie, do think there's a difference between a reason and an excuse, because I don't think there is. So my wife is lying? You had it all figured out. You move into my house. You raise my kids. You sleep with my wife. It was a good plan, Arnie. And you didn't feel like you could trust my wife with this news? So Arnie, when were you going to tell me about the 3 million dollars we got in from San Francisco two days after I got arrested? Don't bother. It's Saturday, Arnie. You work too hard.Yeah, like turning into a beautiful woman. Remember when we sat on that mob guy, that chef, for like six months? She's your girlfriend. Open it, talk about your kids. I don't know. I love my job. I love it. The next time I'm having a bad day you gotta remind me of right now and I'll get over it. Winners don't do coke. Or haven't you been reading the bumper stickers? Maradona is a cokehead. Hand of God, my ass. We're wasting our time here. You want to make a wager on this? She knows Arnie Metzger. I have dreams about this, actual dreams about busting the top people, the rich people, the white people. They're whispering. I can't hear them, but I know it. I smell conspiracy. I feel the lie vibrating out of the home. Who do you work for? Move 'em to Texas, fry 'em up. It's a funny fuckin' joke and it's quick. Why do women wear makeup and perfume? No more pissant basin league bullshit for us, hunh? No telltales. Nothing to read. Not touching my face. Not even blinking. No giveaways. How're you feeling?Arizona. What would a law firm want from the new drug Czar? Your friends at Warren, Putnam and Hudson. What do you think it is?Yeah! We're playing! Not Tiger Woods. No --They're going to walk right past me. I don't know. Eduardo Ruiz is the only real witness against Carl. The security is very tight. There may not be a way. I don't really like guns. You shoot someone in the head three times and some doctor will keep them alive. You were followed by the police, but they won't hear us over the children. I want to use a bomb. You may speak. Yes.Oh, man, I've never eaten so good in my life. Why don't you develop a useful skill? What do you think she wants? What do we do? Are you getting this on tape? He won. He was a winner. That bothers you. You should see little Montel play. Little Montel is the next Maradona. So does half of San Diego. I'm telling you, she doesn't know shit. She ain't in on it. That's a big word for a fisherman. We got you on tape making the deal. We got you bragging about the quality. We got you bragging about your business. We got you. Chill out -- Nope. I feel good. So go shower already. You're breaking my heart. That thought makes me feel awful. When the DEA gets into the narcotics business, then we'll stay at the Four Seasons. He hired you. That was a mistake. This attitude's not gonna help him any, is it? So you pay off our customs officials? We can protect you. One chance here, Eduardo. Make us believe you got a boss. No boss, it's all on you. The amount of coke we got on you means capital punishment in some states. Listen you motherfucker, you tried to kill me with a fucking cannon. You planning on going somewhere, Eduardo? You don't like it here? This is the best situation you're going to have for a long, long time. Nobody said shit, Eduardo --I don't know, sir. Yes, sir! Yes, sir!You will believe me, because it's true. If Manolo hadn't gone and told them what he did then Salazar and Madrigal would never have been brought to justice. He did a great thing for Tijuana. He did a great thing for Mexico. What is he planning on telling them? How much? Why does he need money? What? What is it? No. He's not here. Anna. What's wrong? What do you want? Even if that were true, they're not going to come to your house where you're waiting for them. We keep our mouths shut. What? Go home. Get cleaned up. Get to work. Salazar is heading down to Mexico City next week and I'm not getting left behind. Don't fuck this up. Oh, really. General Salazar was there? Not this time. Your new friends. Who? Then I guess I'm going by myself. The police won't find your car. Anyway, I don't think we'll ever see them again. Everything's back to normal. If you want her to stay out of it, then stop telling her everything. You should learn how to keep a secret. Relax. If they were going to kill us they would have done it in the desert. I don't know. Something. Yeah. I feel like a traitor. This is a very different proposition. So... maybe you tell me about your informants in our operations. It's important that we work together. Mexico. America. One hand washing the other. No. Where? But will he be house-trained? Everybody has a weakness. He'll do what I say. Does this offer include my partner? What is it you want me to do? If I can. It was an anonymous tip. An informant. Javier Rodriguez. It's possible. It could mean that, yes. I'm aware of that.You should feel good about this. We thought maybe you'd have that kind of information for us. We agree. A place we have, that we know is protected. Somewhere safe.Javi! Come on. Don't pull this you don't care bullshit. This is incredible information. It must be. Javi -- Porfirio Madrigal is not dead. I just saw him. Madrigal's alive. No, but a lot of other people. You should come. You should come out with us. It's no problem. I was just with everybody we work with. Yeah. It should be fun. You wanna come? Guzman, Tomas, Esteban -- A group of us are going out tonight. This is fucking crazy. Instead of killing us, he sends us on a suicide mission. Do you know who Frankie Flowers is? He's a psycho-cokehead- hitman. A faggot. He's killed fucking who knows how many people. You'd need half the force to get close to him. And you can't get their help because he lives in fucking San Diego. Please. Filing a report will not help you find your car. She's nosy. She hears me on the telephone. They wouldn't do it in front of all these people. They'd send someone later, when we're alone. What's he doing up here? Wasn't that General Salazar?Deliver that safely to Tigrillo in San Diego. And we have a deal. Exactly, and this is how I know I'm not getting into business with the U.S. Government. Take this back with you. Deliver it safely to Tigrillo in San Diego and we have a deal. Perhaps... Perhaps... I'm afraid I must first ask you to pass a test. I asked the same of your husband and he succeeded with flying colors. That's good coke. Fine, then we don't have deal. You first. I don't believe you. You want to smuggle narcotics in Mr. Espastico Jacobo. That's nothing new. I don't know. Perhaps I remember something. But not in whose interest it is to help you out of debt. You don't? Listen to this woman in a man's world, a very violent world. That is not true, Mrs. Ayala. Your route is compromised. Perhaps it is time for me to deal with other distributors in California. I hear these stories. Your husband in jail. His business in chaos. Various people fighting over the scraps. No, this is not possible. And I thank you for coming down here, though I suspect it's been a pointless journey.I hope when you were on the bench, Judge Wakefield, you didn't handle the presumption of innocence in the same fashion. Noriega was head of a sovereign nation who made the mistake of doing business with the U.S. Government. So, no, I don't have a problem waking up every day and fighting our government, fighting people like you, trying to keep this system a little bit honest. We kidnapped Noriega out of Panama. Is that covered in your Constitution? Because it isn't in mine. The worst serial killer in history - who? Gacy - right? Killed forty two people. Our government killed fifty thousand in Vietnam and lied about it every day. My work keeps me young.Right. But, that's not the biggest problem. One of our Intel officers picked up information from DEA that traffickers have come up with a process, a chemical process, to turn coke into something else. It doesn't smell like coke. It doesn't look like coke. And what's worse, it doesn't react to field test. It could be anything. Maybe it's already happening. I mean, how would we know? Sure. More money in intelligence on their side of the border. So we have a better idea who we're looking for. More dogs. More people. Supposed to be getting some giant x- ray machines to run the trucks through. Outside of martial law that's about the best you're gonna do. But, I should tell you, there are two things that really have us on edge right now. In the last six months seizures have tripled, even though we're pulling over the same number of cars. What does that tell you? We ask questions and measure the answers. When something doesn't ring true, a fact that doesn't make sense, a slight hesitation, then it's off to secondary for a closer look. Before NAFTA we had about 1.9 million trucks a year. Now it's almost double. Pretty soon there'll be Mexican truck companies that will have as much freedom in crossing the border as American truck companies. I've read official estimates but I wouldn't bet my house on them. I've heard the entire cocaine supply for the United States can fit into four tractor-trailers. At least a half-dozen of those cars right out there are carrying a load of dope, with drivers employed by people who don't give a damn if they're caught or not. The busiest land border crossing in the world. Over forty-one thousand vehicles per day, twenty-two thousand pedestrians on foot. I think we do a pretty good job but we know a lot of drugs are still getting through.No, of course not. She's one of the top students at her school. I... I don't really know. I don't know what you mean. Still, this was a sensitive issue for me and I wanted to thank you personally. I appreciate you coming in so early. She'll be at a pawn shop in an hour. So's the video camera. God, I don't get it. Are we supposed to say to ourselves, be prepared to lose her, be prepared to lose our child? Why does this happen to someone? How does it happen? About the other night, I'm sorry. No, not yet. Yeah, because the alternative is to be bored to death. I have a drink before dinner to take the edge off my day. That's different. Yeah, well, she has a way of self- medicating that probably seems familiar, too. Look, I'm as worried as you are -- The first thing we have to do is present a unified front. Barbara -- I think we may have found our Mexican Drug Czar. It's this General, Salazar. At least I'll have somebody on the other side I can talk to. Explain to me how you could think that I shouldn't know about this. Explain to me how this wouldn't be relevant to me. As a parent. How long have you known? Space for what? To O.D. like that other kid? I will not send the message that this type of behavior is okay with her parents. Because it isn't. Correct? To begin with, she's only sixteen years-old. This is different. Stop. You experimented in college. I don't want to hear about that. We'll ground her, clip her wings a bit. School and scheduled activities and that's it until further notice. This has to be handled delicately. Dan Kelly, in the District Attorney's office, will probably help us out, quietly. Christ, this could be embarrassing. I think she's lying. That's frustrating. Drugs begin pouring out of America into every other country in the world. Canada is completely overwhelmed. Oh, yes I can. What is wrong with you? What? You're going away. You're getting help somewhere. Okay, young lady, that's it. Where is it? Where are the drugs? Where are they? It's a presidential appointment so... until I quit or get fired. I don't know. As it happens, the President of the United States, my new boss, the leader of the free world, has me penciled in for some "face time". Somehow, I don't see that happening. Fine -- legalization. Okay, forgetting all of our international trade agreements, legalize everything today. The Government inserts itself into all drug transactions. The U.S. becomes a giant pharmacy. Our borders are mobbed, lines of people from here to Europe wanting to smoke, snort and shoot themselves into oblivion. What's it like? Imagine you're being accosted by a swarm of beggars in the heart of Calcutta, except the beggars are wearing $1500 suits and they don't say "please" or "thank you." Medicinal marijuana initiative. Or am I being cynical? Depends on the state. You can learn a lot about somebody from this stuff. Three categories: you like me, you hate me, you want something from me. Definitely third category. Depends who it's from. Is it possible to have a Drug Czar in Mexico who isn't connected in some war to one of the cartels? That would probably mean the Tijuana Cartel is gaining power? Let me ask you a hypothetical question: if Salazar worked for Madrigal and the Juaraz cartel, and he went out of power, would it mean the Juarez Cartel is losing influence? So what's it doing in Tijuana? The cocaine brand, 911, is an East Coast brand, a Juarez Cartel brand, and you must know it usually comes through into El Paso? If I ever return to the bench, Counselor Adler, I hope I have the pleasure of hearing your arguments. Last I read your clients were chopping people up with chainsaws and delivering illegal narcotics into this country. Noriega is a criminal. Michael, you represent drug dealers, not civil libertarians. Which part, getting terrorists loose on bail or freeing convicted murderers on technicalities? That triple the amount of stuff is going through. Any way we can do it better? What do you look for? Any idea how much? Just tell me where she is. I'll pay you a thousand dollars. I have it in my wallet. I have money -- I need to find my daughter. I'll pay you. I'm looking for my daughter, Caroline. She comes here. I can't believe you used to bring my daughter here, to this place. You want to help? Stay the fuck away from her. You don't know what the hell you're talking about. You're a cocky seventeen year-old and you don't have a clue what the stakes are. You don't know the value of the life you've yet to throw away. And neither does she. What? I don't give a fuck about your parents -- I'm not the police. I don't care about experimentation. She's a kid. I'm worried to death. Can you tell me anything? Do you have any ideas? She hasn't called you? She snuck away. And we haven't seen her. She hasn't come home. Let me ask you a related question. We've talked about the supply side, but what about demand? What is your policy for treating addiction? Hopefully the exchange of training methods and information between our countries will help with this problem. You've been making very good progress against the Tijuana cartel. I'd like to bring you up to Washington, walk you around our side of things, and share some of the information we've been able to develop on your cartels. I'll get there as soon as I can. What? I thought Madrigal was dead. I thought it was verified. Hello. Like you protected Landry? I mean, who runs interdiction on the Mexico side? Who do we interface with on their side? He died in a liposuction surgery, right? Who are these guys?You only got to me because you were tipped off by the Juarez Cartel, who's trying to break into Tijuana. You're helping them. You work for a drug dealer too, Monty. The worst thing about you, Monty, is you realize the futility of what you're doing and you do it anyway. I wish you could see how transparent you are. This food tastes like shit. Can't you for a second imagine none of this had happened? That my drugs had gone through. What would have been the harm? A few people get high who are getting high anyway. Your partner is still alive. We avoid having breakfast together. Don't you see this means nothing? That your whole life is pointless? You expect me to be grateful for spending the rest of my life looking over my shoulder. This is ridiculous. Why is there no elevator? Carl and I were friends from childhood. He was loyal, that's not a mistake. I got greedy. I decided to bring a little in on my own and somebody tipped you off. That was my mistake. Carl would never be so stupid. In Mexico law enforcement is an entrepreneurial activity, this is not so true for the USA. Using regression analysis we made a study of the customs lanes at the border and calculated the odds of a search. The odds are not high, and we found variables that reduce the odds. We hire drivers with nothing to lose. Then we throw a lot of product at the problem. Some get stopped. Enough get through. It's not difficult. Carlos, I mean Carl, started out in the family connection business: real estate in Tijuana, fishing boats out of Ensenada, hydroponic raspberries. He met up with the Obregon brothers of the Tijuana Cartel who were interested in two things: entering society and using his fishing boats. It's a death sentence. I'll never make it to the trial. You can't visit me here. I want my lawyer. I am a legitimate business. Fishing boats. Tuna. Check it out. Tax records, everything -- So, it's worth the wait, right? What can I do? Rent a Huey? Have an airlift? It's not like you can put it in a condom up some mule's asshole, right? How many peasants would that take? A line stretching from here to Mexico City --You will dine with me from now on. Bring this man a change of good clothes. Has he eaten? We aren't barbarians. I want to know who is responsible for this treatment. When he loves me like a father, he will never tell anyone he was here. He will freely give the names of his superiors. Then we get them and they too will give us names. And eventually somebody will get us to Juan Obregon and the cartel will fall. You watch and learn. I earn his trust. Then more pain. Then I appear with kindness. Within a week he will follow me around like a dog. I'm curious how you did this with such economy. Only if he can be trusted. A small thing. Nothing really. I'm trying to bust the Tijuana Cartel. That's your past. I want to talk about your future. Would you be willing to do something for me? What is the name of your informant? One question. How did you find about this? Well, Javier Rodriguez, you've done a very good job, but we'll take care of it from here. What's your name? Addicts treat themselves... they overdose and then there's one less to worry about. Yes, I hope so as well. Yes, I am confident that Juan Obregon will be taken into custody before the end of the year. But, you must understand that it is very difficult because of corruption in the police force. We get a tip that he is one place, then we get there and he is already gone, having been warned by someone on our side. That would be very helpful to me. Also, I received the offer from DEA and the FBI to train some of my men at Quantico. I think this will be extremely useful, a good way for us to absorb some of your methods. I recruited the best men in Mexico for my task force and put them through a rigorous screening process. Not only physical, but also psychological.Why? Nobody's there. Did Courtney Love play Nancy in Syd and Nancy? Yes, mom -- Yeah, then some dope to take the edge off at the end of a long day. You know my dad takes eight red cold pills every day? He and my mom have cocktail hour every night, from six to seven, set your clock, two bourbons -- He's gonna fucking die right here on the kitchen floor -- We live our lives by these unspoken rules that are handed to us. Not like. It is. Inhale the smoke and hold it. Just watch. Hey man, back the fuck up. To this place. What's that shit? Right now, all over this country, a hundred thousand white people from the suburbs are driving around downtown asking every black person they see, You got any drugs? You know where I can get drugs? What kind of effect you think this has on the psyche of a black person, on their possibilities? If you sent a hundred thousand black people into your neighborhood, Indian Hills, and they asked every white person they saw, hey, you got any drugs?, within a day, your friends and their kids would be selling. It's market forces, man. The product's marked up three hundred percent. You can go out on the street and make five hundred bucks in two hours and then do whatever you want for the rest of the day. You think white people would still be going to law school? I don't know, maybe we missed her. Hey man, I'm sorry. I'm just trying to help. The West End. We buy it off the streets. I can stop, you know, and she can't. Two people, really similar, we can talk about anything, but for me it's like a weekend thing, then I get my shit together, and for her it's different -- We sometimes went downtown to score. You won't say anything to my parents? I don't know what to say. I tried to talk to her when she was up there, but they wouldn't put me through. I'm surprised she hasn't called. Oh, man -- She's not at that place you sent her? Mapping the fucking pig genome. We'll call your dad, he's a neurosurgeon -- He's a research doctor. You're dad's a doctor, too -- What do we do? Okay. Fucked-up Bowman's turning blue. Doctor. We need a doctor.I want your money, I'll take your money. I got money. Who the fuck do you think you are? Where the fuck do you think you are? Why the fuck do you think I shouldn't just put you in a dumpster? This is a business. Get the fuck outta here.You do? What else you do? What's that mean? How are your grades? Private? In school? Do you work? Parents still together? Live with your parents? ...How old are you?