Is that the entire message? Proceed. I had to put him down. I was in an accident once too. A horse almost trampled me to death. No sir he is not. I read about you in the paper. Yes?I have a lock on the door. I'll keep it in my office room. What did I say? Four. My son Jeb. It's a gift for him. Wrap it up.Yes. Ask if he can check how many sick days I've taken since I've worked here? Wow. Oh. Is Noel in? I don't know Megan. I had a nightmare one night and I didn't wake you up so you could tell me it was okay. I think that was the first time. Does that count? What about the game? I'm not sure. Soft and Wet. That's very interesting. What was that? My turn. What's your favorite song? As a color, not as rust. You know, a rust colored paint or wood? ...I think rust. Jeremy what the hell are you doing? Jesus. out again? Would you like to try going-- He's dealing with a lot of things. I think he needs to find answers himself. What do I do when I'm around someone I know? ...When you work with clients on machines, do they sometimes just jump up a level or two? Do something they didn't know they were capable of? I remember you. Yeah? Megan where are you calling from? Megan? Oh. Oh shit... When was the last time I wore pink? No that's it. Yes. That's strange isn't it? Not remembering one fever... Or a cold... Or a sore throat. What do you think that means? Megan, do you ever remember me getting sick? Do you remember me getting sick? I haven't been sick this year. I know that. He's asleep. I know. I'm still going to New York. Just not this second. I don't think I got the job in New York. No. And I have been sick. I spent a week in a hospital when I was a boy recovering from pneumonia and almost drowning. Two skinny eight year old kids were playing around the pool. They were dunking me. I swallowed water. They didn't know it and they almost killed me. Heroes don't get killed like that. Normal people do. You have a problem, Elijah. My wife is right. Somewhere along the line one of your bones broke and your mind just broke with it. Stop messing with my life Elijah. My son almost shot me last night. He wanted to prove you were right. I must have felt some lump in his back when I bumped him. Most guns have a black or silver handle. I had a fifty-fifty shot at the color. Quick. I have to go now. The guy might not have been carrying anything. Okay, I don't want to play this game anymore. Listen. I got to be on the sidelines during the game... You can get to your seat by taking the stairwell at-- I don't know what you're asking? Yes. Like what? I got this picture of a silver handled gun tucked in his pants. Like on t.v. I thought he was carrying something. Probably the army jacket. Those guys carry hunting knives and stuff for show. I got you a seat in the seven hundred level. It's nose-bleed territory, but at least you won't get spit on. That guy in green. Sometimes people carry weapons in here. Then they drink too much. They're team isn't doing so well, bad things happen... We do random pat downs of the crowd to discourage people from carrying. If he's carrying, he'll step out of line. Just give me a minute. Are you for real? We're not proceeding anywhere together. What do you want? It's for last week's game. I see guys like you all the time in my work. You find someone you think is emotionally vulnerable and you tell them a fantastic story, utterly convincing... and somewhere in there, you slip it in... 'I just need your credit card number','I just need a small down payment.' What's this about? This is obviously some scam. Is this where you tell me one of those pictures is like an investment? At the church... You were following me weren't you? What was your idea Elijah? You forgot the "Now I'm going to tell you what the hell is going on" step. See usually that comes before the, "It's over" Step. And it always, always comes before the "You can go" Step. What is over? You assumed wrong. In college. A car accident. Skeptical about what? Seventy-five percent. I don't know for sure. ...I don't think so. He's kind of a miracle. He's doing well today. We are. It's a pleasure to meet you. I'm David Dunne. When? Yeah? Send him packing. I'm not walking all the way over there. What's he look like? Jeremy if you pull that trigger I'm going to leave! I'm going to go to New York. Jeremy listen to what-- I'm not. I just didn't connect it. That was me they were talking about. I almost died. That was me. Elijah was wrong. Know what? That's great. I see. There's no more left? How many did you put on that time? What do you do if something happens? Two hundred and seventy. How much did you take off? No Jeremy. No. You put too much. That's two hundred and fifty pounds. No. No. There's nothing to do. I'm going to work out. Jeremy. I'm going in. I have to do some things. Why'd you do that? I'm going to go in. In under six seconds. I've heard. How about your room then? If you get scared like before, you can come back in here? I think it's be better if I was alone. Jeremy, why don't you go sleep with your mom? He doesn't look very threatening. Yeah, hello. Not really. You represent someone in Philadelphia? But I'm afraid of water, so that's been holding my career back a little bit. What a coincidence? I'm a male synchronized swimmer and I'm looking for representation. You like sports? No. No. Yes. Where are the rest of the passengers? Against a window. Fine. Okay.What about Jeb? I'm listening. Do you see any Telletubbies around here?... Do you see a slender plastic tag clipped to my shirt with my name printed on it?... Do you see a little Asian child with a blank expression sitting outside in a mechanical helicopter that shakes when you put a quarter in it?... No?... Well that's what you see at a toy store? Any you must think this is a toy store, cause you're in here shopping for an infant named Jeb. One of us has made a gross error and wasted the other person's valuable time... No, no, no, no no... You need to go now. No. How old is Jeb? Once again please? You've made a considerably wise decision. Are you finished? I never said you couldn't be killed. I never said that. That's not what I witnessed David. The car accident you were in... Was there anyone else involved? One last question. Or he might have been carrying a silver handled gun tucked in his pants. It's an exaggeration of the truth. Maybe it's based on something as simple as instinct. Like being able to touch someone and tell whether they've done something wrong... Or the level of what they've done wrong. Characters in comic books are often attributed special powers. X-ray vision, things of that sort. You're skill. Have you ever tried to develop it? Telling when people have done something wrong? You have good instincts when it comes to things like that? But not a knife? You thought he was carrying a knife? How did you know that man you bumped was carrying a weapon? Is there a problem? You could have poured coffee in Starbucks, you could have learned to install track lighting in office buildings, you could have told people their horoscopes on the internet... You could have been one of ten thousand things... but in the end, you chose to protect people. You made that decision... and I find that very, very interesting. Now all I need is your credit card number. Why is it, do you think, that of all the professions in the world... you chose protection? We've already begun. Not money. But I appreciate your healthy cynicism in the manner. It will be wise for both of us to proceed with greatest caution. I've come to understand that... An ill advised purchase in the parking lot. You've misunderstood. Technically no. I gambled that you would attend the church service. I just waited for you. This city has had its share of disasters. Well publicized ones. It was around the time of that plane crash, when it first entered my head. And there it stayed, as I waited and watched the news over the years... And then one day I see a news report on a train accident and its sole survivor who was miraculously unharmed. And just like that, an idea blossoms into the flower of possible reality. The life of an idea that has lived too long in my head. I assumed because of the train. Was it serious? What's he talking about? Your answer to my question. It's one thing to have never been injured in your life, but to state that you've never taken ill, well that's a whole new level. Seventy-five percent? That's not nearly good enough for me. I'm extremely skeptical. How certain are you that you haven't been sick in your life? You've never been sick? I believe comic books are based loosely on reality -- I believe there are real life equivalents of the heroes in those books that walk the earth -- I believe your husband is one of those individuals. I own a comic book museum. It's called the Limited Edition. There have been three major disasters in this city over the last four years. I've followed each one of them... A Seven-three-seven crashes on take off. One hundred and seventy-two die. No survivors... A hotel fire downtown. Two hundred and eleven die. No survivors... And am Amtrak train derails seven and half miles outside of the city. One hundred and thirty one die. One survivor. He is unharmed. I've spoken with your husband about his survival. I suggested a rather unbelievable explanation. Since then, I've come to believe, that my explanation, however unbelievable, is in fact, true. ...And everyone lived happily ever after. You and my mother would have a special connection. How so? Now you're going to have to tell me more. How did you get together? How long have you been married? Where is it? Why? I'm not going out anymore. I'm not getting hurt again. This was the last time. I told you.Don't be scared. I'll just shoot him once. You're lying. YOU WON'T GET HURT... You're secret identity. That man was right. I know now. Do you know why? I'm not scared. I'm sleeping in my room. All of it. Get mom. How much is it? I lied. What if he wasn't aloud to kick and you were really mad at him? I mean if you knew karate? How much can you lift? What if you only ate foods that were good for you and you worked out everyday for a year? What if you worked out everyday for six months? You think you could beat him then? You think you could beat up Mike Tyson? I mean before he started wiggin out and eating people's ears? I'll help you. What things? Just one-- Just play one set of downs. I told them you were great. He going pro in the draft. They say he can run the fifty-- I won't make any noise. I want to sleep here tonight.Did you get up from your seat? Was your family traveling with you? In the passenger car? Where were you sitting on the train? You are in the emergency room of the University of Pennsylvania Hospital. You were in a serious accident. How's your vision? How are you feeling?Just now. They want you to come down to his school. There's a message for you at the office. Your kid was hurt. Consider him packed. I didn't like his attitude... Struttin around with a cane and shit. He's got the most beautiful eyes... The hell kind of question is that? He's a guy. Dunne, it's Jenkins, we got a guy at gate 17C with a bogus ticket. Says he knows you. He won't tell me his name.