Storm. Try to look for the highest vantage point. From what I can figure, he'll need to gain as much altitude as possible to blanket the island. It is my feeling that Magneto has to-- I wish I could go. Thomas Edison knew how to make the light bulb. He had the energy source. He had the vacuum. But he didn't have the filament. He tried metal after metal but nothing would hold to power. The neuro-filter acts like a surge protector, regulating the infinite flow of information from Cerebro to the Professor's mind. It's what keeps him from being crushed by the consciousness of millions. Yes -- Only there's a problem. The mutator gene is not responding to the radiation the way it would in mother nature. It's forcing the body's cells to replicate thousands of times faster than they're accustomed to. The Senator's body is literally burning itself out. Scott -- this machine kills people and I don't think Magneto realizes it. Correct... Apparently, Adamantium is the only metal strong enough to hold the energy this machine produces. He used the Adamantium in Logan's dog tag to test it on the Senator. And I assume now he plans to use the rest of Logan's skeleton for a larger demonstration. It appears as though Magneto has built a machine which somehow triggers the mutator gene in normal human beings. And he is using Adamantium as its core. I'm afraid without Cerebro's help, he won't have the strength to heal himself -- And without the neuro- filter... there's no Cerebro.So where do you think he's planning this larger demonstration? For what purpose? Its core? Can the Professor repair his own mind? Jean... can you? Storm, Rogue, -- you take the south entrance. Jean and I will go in here. I'm going to assume that means that the Secret Service is out of commission. Jean, can you raise me up there? Uh-huh. Radar Stealth Mode checks out. All right, there'll be less security north of the George Washington Bridge. I'm taking her down. He calls me sport one more time, and I'll blow a watermelon-sized hole through him. I'll tell you one thing though. Hey. I'm sorry. About Logan. I was jealous. No. I'm... I don't know if we can do this without Charles. We have to find Magneto. What's wrong with him? You saw what happened tonight. You think Magneto won't come after him again. You think he won't come here if necessary. This is a school, for God's sake. I don't like him being here. Sure you are, sport. You know, you -- How long have you been in Alaska? I wanted to talk to you.I'm sorry. I'm not strong enough. It's too far. Into the Hudson? What's that? Well, I think that's perfectly understandable. Are you all right? He's already losing control of his vitals. Respiratory. Cardiovascular. Unless we manage to replace the filter by tomorrow morning, I'm afraid. His vital signs are weak and getting weaker. If Magneto is planning to use Logan for some terrible purpose it's our responsibility to do something. What are you talking about? Scott.. I - Yeah, I'll bet you have. Logan, do you see this ring? What is it you're failing to get at? Are you interested in me? He takes his work seriously. Let go. Not interested. Were you now? He's busy right now. If necessary. Maybe, the Professor could help you with that. The Professor said you were a solider. Actually, I believe he used the word mercenary. I'll see what I can do -- You should get some sleep. Even with your healing ability, you're going to be hurting for a while. There's no smoking or drinking on the school grounds. Anything else I can get you? The mutant gene tells the body when it needs to change. Treat you like a mutant? We are not what you think. Not all of us. Senator? I presume nothing, I am here to tell you that in time, the mutator gene will activate in every living human being on this planet. Perhaps even your children, Senator. Control, Senator... we teach them control. Math. History. Science. English. Athletics -- I am avoiding a question that is decidedly loaded, Senator. The wrong person behind the wheel of a car can be dangerous.I'm o.k. I'm o.k. Shut up. I got no interest in you, Xavier, or your... X-Men. I've served with men like you before. Methodical. Systematic -- Naive. You know what happens to those men in a real fight? I don't remember. Is that what you wanted to ask me? Inspiring -- Now what am I doing here? I've seen a lot of rings. He takes himself seriously. He's uptight. Suit yourself. What do you say? I was thinking maybe you and me could go into town. You should always work with a spotter. What if they're naughty? By reading my thoughts? Yeah? Well I don't like to talk about my past. What if I like the pain? I won't light the cigars - how about that? Some cigars. Case of beer. What are you going to do? Where am I? You think I care about her? I'm the only one who's sure to walk out of here. What do you want? What?... miss me? Charley, I'm gonna walk out the front door and trust me, it won't be soon enough for everyone here. Actually I'm feeling up to leaving. Don't you knock? I'll go. He helped you? You designed this yourself? How? Where are we going? No. That's me talking. And you know what? It's only been thirty-two hours and you still have no idea what this guy wants with me. What if it never happens? What if they're so afraid of us that we become the enemy? -- This place is gonna be one giant cemetery. This. This whole God damn thing. Making yourselves into some sort of "team" of super-powered freaks. Teaching wayward mutants about classical literature. For what? Forty-eight hours, old man. But if you cross me, I won't feel any guilt about what I do to you. Who? What am I doing here? And you think it helps calling her Rogue? I felt like she almost killed me. What did she do to me? Why is everybody up at sunrise?Let's just say, God works too slowly. INTENTION? Intention, Senator? We are talking about mankind here. His fear. It is only a matter of time before mutants will be herded into camps. Studied for weaknesses. And eventually wiped off the face of the Earth. Gosh, I hope so. Mr. Guyrich has been dead for some time Senator. In the road to survival, there is always sacrifice Logan. We are the future... not them. We must protect ourselves. After tonight, when the leaders of the world return home -- They will return as brothers, as mutants... and our cause will be theirs. This is survival, I know you understand that, Logan... or is it Wolverine? You're backstage at the encore of creation. Come with me and I'll let her live. I do love a good check mate. ALIVE. Enough for a test. A piece. Only a piece. How? And what do you do when you wake up to that? Doesn't it ever wake you in the middle of the night? The feeling that some day, some day very soon, they will pass that foolish law - or one just like it - and they will come for you and your children? Take you all away? I wouldn't really have let you die, you know. I just needed... This checkmate goes to you. I didn't want to hurt anyone. But you leave me no choice. I'm going to change the world with or without you as a witness, Charles. And this one gets a front row seat. If I could make you understand. If you could just be made to see it the way I do. The way it's going to be. Let's just say that I am out to make some radical changes. Now come on Charles. For old times sake, for your sake... Leave him to me. Still trying to make the world safe for our kind. Still trying to find a way to introduce ourselves -- definitively. The two in Alaska. Just how do you people manage to be in the right place at the right time? Still tinkering with Cerebro? I am trying to save our kind, Charles. You should do the same. I'll never understand your regard for them, Charles.I'll find him. Is it enough? Is that what you're looking for? It was Xavier's people. They knew. I lost him.Beast. We all do. ... until he found tungsten. What does that mean? If she held on any longer she could have. She borrowed your power to save her life. When she touches someone, she absorbs their strengths -- their gifts. In your case -- your ability to heal. That's why she keeps her body covered. The sun is setting, Logan. You've been asleep for nineteen hours.Why? You have a home here now, if you want it. Everyone will... They're all asking how you're doing. Are you feeling up to saying hello to everyone? I've found her, Westchester Mall. We were friends once... But that was a long time ago. Actually, Magneto helped me put it together. The brainwaves of mutants are quite different than those of the average human being. To find Rogue. I believe he wants you for your Adamantium. Now that's Magneto talking. The point is to step into a more evolved position of social responsibility. To recognize that there is a world out there and that we mutants are as much a part of it as normal human beings. The point of what? Deal. A very powerful mutant who for some reason has taken an interest in you. I'm not sure why, but until we find out, I must ask you to stay. I brought you here so that you would be safe from Magneto. I feel a great swell of pity for the poor soul who comes to that school again looking for trouble. It does indeed, Max. I know. WHAT DO YOU MEAN TO DO? What do you mean to do? The way what is going to be? You definition of definitive was always a bit extreme for me, Max. What is it like these days? Is that so? What do you want with him? Not at the cost of lives, Max. And I'll never understand terrorists.