#1 DAUGHTER	f	Poppa!
#2 DAUGHTER	f	Poppa... may we go in there?
ANNE	f	Alright... Your turn.
#2 DAUGHTER	f	Oh,look M-ummy! Elephants!
ANNE	f	Oh, elephants! We'll go see them.
ANNE	f	You won't be long?
TREVES	?	I'll join you shortly.
OLDER MAN	m	A wicked birth...
BARKER	m	Ladies and Gentlemen, his lungs are  larger than this mammoth blacksmith's  bellows. So great is his power of  exhalation, rivaling even that of  the Great North Wind, that he will  now challenge two grown men to attempt  to hold the bellows shut as he applies  the mighty blast of his herculean  breath! Are there any volunteers?
BARKER	m	Ah! I see two likely lads! Come  forward! Come forward! Pit your  strength against the Mighty Wind- Man!
BARKER	m	Gentlemen... Are you ready?
THE LADS	m	Yes we are... Right... etc.
BARKER	m	Ladies and Gentlemen!... Let the  demonstration begin!!
BARKER	m	Ladies and Gentlemen!... "THE
BOBBIES	m	Make way! Make way!
WOMAN 	f	Oh yes they are, they're yours  alright.
SKELETON MAN	m	I refuse to believe it! I will not  accept it! Those babies are simply  too ugly, they cannot be mine!
SKELETON MAN	m	I don't want them! Get rid of them!  I don't want to see them!
FAT LADY	f	Darling, don't be difficult! Let's  take our sweet lovely children on an  outing.
SKELETON MAN	m	We'll take these miserable whelps on  an outing, alright! We'll take them  to the zoo... WHERE THEY WILL STAY!
FAT LADY	f	Children save yourselves! Prevail  upon your Pappa!
DWARVES	m	Poppa! Poppa! Poppa, please!
FATHER	m	This is too much! They should not  allow it! They should not allow it!
WOMAN	f	Beast, Beast...
BOBBY	m	No! That's right out! Drop the  curtain!
OWNER	m	You can't do that! I've got my rights!
ALDERMAN	m	I have the authority to close you  down, and I'm doing just that!
ALDERMAN	m	This exhibit degrades all who see  it, as well as the poor creature  himself.
OWNER	m	He's a freak! How else can he live?
ALDERMAN	m	Freaks are one thing. No one objects  to freaks, but this is entirely  different. This is monstrous, and  ought not to be allowed. These  officers will see to it that you are  on your way as soon as possible.  Good day.
OWNER	m	...Movin' again!
OWNER	m	Have a care, guv'nor.
TREVES	?	Forgive me...
TREVES	?	How long has this man been here?
FOX	m	Three quarters of an hour.
TREVES	?	Mmmm. Hodges, Pierce come closer.  Mr. Hill, take hold of the rope  please. It's a machine accident. I  expect you'll be seeing a good deal  of this.
TREVES	?	Abominable things these machines.  One can't reason with them.
FOX	m	What a mess.
TREVES	?	What got you into medicine, Hodges?
HODGES	m	My father, sir. He's built quite a  successful practice. I hope to take  it over one day.
TREVES	?	Is that your case as well, Pierce?
PIERCE	m	Yes sir. Though of course I do have  a great desire to help my fellowman.
TREVES	?	Of course you do realize that medicine  has changed quite a bit since your  father's time. In those days we didn't  even wash our coats. In fact, the  sign of a truly accomplished surgeon-- was his black operating coat, so  stiff with dried blood and pus that  it could stand up by itself in the  corner. I've still got mine  upstairs... You don't mind blood, do  you?
HODGES & PIERCE	m	Oh no, sir. (etc.)
TREVES	?	Good, that's one thing we've always  plenty of.
BOY	m	Excuse me, Mr. Treves, sir.
TREVES	?	Yes?
BOY	m	I found it.
TREVES	?	Did you see it?
TREVES	?	I'll be with you in a moment ...
FOX	m	I say Freddie, what are you about?
TREVES	?	Oh nothing... nothing of any great  importance.
TREVES	?	Do you know where the proprietor is?
OWNER	m	He's not a peeler...
BOY	m	No, I don't think so.
OWNER	m	No... I don't think so.
TREVES	?	Are you the proprietor?
OWNER	m	And who might you be, sir?
TREVES	?	Just one of the curious. I'd like to  see it.
OWNER	m	I don't think so. No sir, we're  closed.
TREVES	?	I'd pay handsomely for a private  showing. Are you the proprietor?
OWNER	m	Handsomely?... Who sent you?
TREVES	?	Pardon me?
OWNER	m	Never mind. I'm the owner.
OWNER	m	Here we are sir. Life is full of surprises. Ladies  and gentlemen, consider the fate of  this creature's poor mother. In the  fourth month of her maternal  condition, she was struck down by a  wild elephant Struck down, if you take my meaning,  on an uncharted African isle. The  result is plain to see ladies and  gentlemen... THE TERRIBLE ELEPHANT
OWNER	m	Stand up!
BOY	m	Stand up!
OWNER	m	Turn around!
BOY	m	Turn around! Turn around!
TREVES	?	So you'll bring him to me, tomorrow,  10:00 a.m.? Mr...?
OWNER	m	Bytes. Mr. Bytes. He'll be there.
TREVES	?	I'll send a cab. Here is my card.
OWNER	m	Now we got a deal... We understand  each other... guv. We understand  each other completely.
OWNER	m	Don't just stand there. Help him up.
CABMAN	m	Not at all, sir. My... pleasure.
TREVES	?	I'll be in my rooms, Mothershead.  I'm not to be disturbed.
TREVES	?	Come with me, please.
MATRON	m	You heard the doctor... Go on.
TREVES	?	My name is Frederick Treves... I am  a surgeon here at the London Hospital,  and I lecture in anatomy at the  Medical College... I would very much  like to examine you. Would that be  all right?
TREVES	?	Ah... yes. Um, first I would like to  ask you a few questions, would that  be all right?
TREVES	?	Good. Now, let's see. Your Owner...  um, the man who... who looks after  you tells me that you are English  and your name is John Merrick. Is  that correct?
TREVES	?	Do you know where you were born?  Where you come from?
TREVES	?	I tell you what, I'll ask you a  question, and you shake your head  like this for "no" and nod like this  for "yes", alright? Do you understand?
TREVES	?	Are you in any pain?
TREVES	?	Um, no. Just nod your head like this  for "yes" and shake it like this for  "no". Now, are you in any pain?
TREVES	?	Are your parents still alive?
TREVES	?	Do you understand? Are they dead?  Your father... your mother?
FOX	m	Freddie, what you doing for... I say  do open a window in here or...
FOX	m	Oh, I'm dreadfully sorry, I had no  idea that... I say!
FOX	m	Good Lord, Freddie! What have you  got in there?
TREVES	?	You'll know presently. At the meeting  of the society. But until then, I  beg of you Fox, keep it to yourself.
FOX	m	Certainly, if you insist. You must  have quite a find there.
TREVES	?	I don't know what I've got.
FOX	m	Nothing of any importance, eh?
TREVES	?	I'll tell you this much, Fox, it's  beyond anything you or I have ever  dealt with. Keep it to yourself,  please.
TREVES	?	Come sit down.
TREVES	?	Sit... down.
TREVES	?	I think I'll examine you now. I'll  save the questions for later... Will  you take off your hat now, please?
TREVES	?	Don't be frightened, I simply want  to look at you. Do you understand?
TREVES	?	That's right, don't be frightened.  Don't be frightened.
TREVES	?	Are you ready?
TREVES	?	Go ahead.
TREVES	?	He is English, he is twenty-one years  of age and his name is John Merrick.  Gentlemen, in the course of my  profession I have come upon lamentable  deformities of the face due to injury  or disease, as well as mutilations  and contortions of the body, depending  upon like causes; but, at no time  have I met with such a dreaded or  perverted version of a human being  as this man. I wish to draw your  attention to the insidious conditions  affecting this patient. Note, if you  will, the extreme enlargement of the  skull... and upper limb, which is  totally useless. The alarming  curvature of the spine... Turn him,  please... the looseness of the skin,  and the varying fibrous tumors that  cover 90% of the body.
TREVES	?	...And there is every indication  that these afflictions have been in  existence, and have progressed  rapidly, since birth. The Patient  also suffers from chronic bronchitis.  As an interesting side-note, in spite  of the afore-mentioned anomalies,  the patient's genitals remain entirely  intact and unaffected.
TREVES	?	So then, gentlemen, owing to this  series of deformities: The congenital  exostoses of the skull; extensive  papillomatous growths and large  pendulous masses in connection with  the skin; the great enlargement of  the right upper limb, involving all  the bones; the massive distortion of  the head and the extensive areas  covered by papillomatous growth, the  patient has been called, "The Elephant  Man."
TREVES	?	Hmm?
TREVES	?	Hmm?
TREVES	?	It's been a long day for everyone.
TREVES	?	Oh, yes, you'll need a cab... Stay.
TREVES	?	Come with me.
FOX	m	You never mentioned his mental state.
TREVES	?	He's imbecile, no doubt from birth.  He speaks, but... it's all gibberish.  No, the man's a homeless idiot... I pray God he's an idiot.
THE FIRST	m	Quite a coup, Freddie. You'll look  splendid in the journal.
THE SECOND	m	Where ever did you find that creature?
THE THIRD 	m	It's a pity.
FOX 	m	I pity the poor cab driver, myself.
ANNE	f	Did it go well, darling?
TREVES	?	Yes, very well, I think. Are the  girls in bed?
ANNE	f	Yes, and they send their kisses.  Would you like your sherry now?
TREVES	?	No, I think a whiskey.
BYTES	m	Belt up, you misbegotten garbage. How can I eat with that?
BYTES	m	How can I eat with THAT?
BYTES	m	Out of my sight!
BYTES	m	You clumsy sod!
BYTES	m	YOU!
BOY	m	Bytes! DON'T...
BYTES	m	This won't do, my lad. This just  won't do!
BOY	m	Our man is sick. Come right away.
TREVES	?	What is it?
BOY	m	Like this.
TREVES	?	I'll get my bag.
BYTES	m	What did you do to him? He's been  like this all night!
TREVES	?	What do you mean?
BYTES	m	He was fine when he left here, and  now look at him.
TREVES	?	I intend to.
TREVES	?	What happened?
BYTES	m	He fell. He falls.
TREVES	?	He must have taken quite a fall.
BYTES	m	He's a clumsy git. Never watches  where he is going.
TREVES	?	Why is he sitting up like this? He  needs rest.
BYTES	m	That's the way he sleeps. If he lays  down, he'll die. Head's too heavy.
TREVES	?	This man belongs in hospital.
BYTES	m	Can't you fix him up here? ...He's  my livelihood. Listen.
TREVES	?	You listen, you're not going to have  much of a livelihood if this man  dies. He's got the rale, he's very  weak, and I don't know how much damage  has been done by his "fall". Now  stop wasting time and fetch a cab.
BYTES	m	I really appreciate this, guv. You  know, there's lot of things that I  can do for you. I move in the proper  circles, for this type of thing...
BYTES	m	I like doing business with you. You  and I understand each other,  completely. I know I can trust you.  Can't I?
TREVES	?	Everything will be seen to.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	Nora! Mind your duties... if you  don't concentrate dear, you'll only  make more work for the rest of us.  Now, get about your business. ...and do get your collar straight,  dear.
NORA	f	I'm so sorry, Mrs. Mothershead.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	Do get on with it, Nora.
TREVES	?	I don't know if you will understand  this, but you will never go back to  that man again. You're safe now. No  one will ever harm you. Do you  understand?
NURSE	f	Breakfasting with the patients this  morning, Mr. Treves?
TREVES	?	It's for a patient.
CARR	m	Mr. Treves, come over here a moment,  won't you?
CARR	m	Good morning, Treves.
TREVES	?	Good morning, sir.
CARR	m	You've acquired a taste for this?
TREVES	?	It's quite nutritious, sir.
CARR	m	Don't be mad. This muck can kill  you.
CARR	m	Take this up, to to the man in the  isolation ward when you have a moment,  won't you?
NORA	f	Yes, sir.
TREVES	?	Don't be frightened. He won't hurt  you.
CARR	m	Indeed!
CARR	m	A hospital is no place for secrecy,  Mr. Treves. Doctors spiriting hooded  figures about are liable to cause  comment. Why wasn't this patient  properly admitted, and why is he in  isolation? Is he contagious?
TREVES	?	No sir, he's got bronchitis and he's  been badly beaten.
CARR	m	Why isn't he in the General Ward,  then?
TREVES	?	Well sir, he's quite seriously  deformed, and I fear the other  patients would find him... rather  shocking.
CARR	m	Deformed? Is that it. Then am I to  assume that he is ultimately  incurable?
TREVES	?	Yes sir.
CARR	m	What are your plans then, Treves...  You are aware that the London does  not accept incurables. The rules are  quite clear on that point.
TREVES	?	Yes, I'm well aware of that. But  this case is quite exceptional.
CARR	m	Oh, is he a friend of yours?
TREVES	?	No, more of an acquaintance.
CARR	m	I certainly sympathize with your  problem, Treves... Why don't you try  the British Home, or the Royal  Hospital for perhaps they would have  a place for him.
TREVES	?	Yes sir, I'll look into that. Would you like to meet him sir?
TREVES	?	Excuse me, sir.
CARR	m	The Elephant Man?
TREVES	?	I'm sorry, my dear, I should have  warned you. I'm so terribly sorry,  please forgive me. There, you're  alright now. Go downstairs and please  ask Mrs. Mothershead to come up.  Tell her to knock on the door and  wait for me. Alright?
NORA	f	Yes Sir. I'm sorry, Sir.
TREVES	?	I'm very sorry about that. Are you  resting well?
TREVES	?	Ah good. Well then... oh yes, we'll  have to get you some more food. I'm  sure you must be simply famished.  Hmm?
TREVES	?	Of course you are. Now then, I think  you'll be quite comfortable up here  for awhile. I'll see to it you have  everything you need, and, uh... yes.
OTHER NURSES	m	Did you see him?
NORA	f	Yes.
OTHER NURSES	m	What's wrong with him?
TREVES	?	Ah, Mothershead. How are you feeling  today?
MOTHERSHEAD	f	Fine.
TREVES	?	Good. Excellent. Now then, Mrs.  Mothershead, I want you to come into  this room with me. Inside there is a  man with a rather... unfortunate  appearance.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	I've heard.
TREVES	?	Yes... Well, I want you to clear up  a little mess, a breakfast tray was  spilt. And bring up another breakfast.  When you've done that, you and I  shall give the man a bath. But,  Mothershead, I'm counting on your  many years of experience to get you  through this, Above all, do not  scream, do not cry out, or in any  way show this man that you are  frightened of him...
MOTHERSHEAD	f	Sir, you don't have to worry about  me. I'm not the sort to cry out.  Shall we go in?
TREVES	?	Yes... Yes, let's go in.
TREVES	?	I would like you to meet Mrs.  Mothershead - Mrs. Mothershead, Mr.  John Merrick.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	How do you do?
TREVES	?	The disease is shocking.
TREVES	?	I wonder how far it can go before  it...
MOTHERSHEAD	f	Sit still. Don't wiggle about like a  pup. I won't stand for any  foolishness.
TREVES 	?	It's pretty certain that if he had  the disease as a child, he was  abandoned. But in that case, he'd  have to have had care. The very fact  that he's alive bears that out... But, where?
MOTHERSHEAD	f	The workhouse.
TREVES	?	Yes! The workhouse!
TREVES	?	The workhouse.
NIGHT PORTER	m	What's all this, then?
YOUNG PORTER	m	Mr. Treves is scrubbing his Elephant  Man.
NIGHT PORTER	m	Elephant Man?
YOUNG PORTER	m	Yeah... I hear it's a real horror.  Even made Mothershead scream.
NIGHT PORTER	m	Friend of the night, eh? The Elephant  Man. I think I'll have me a look at  that.
NIGHT PORTER	m	Now, you need the scrubbing, ducks!
NIGHT PORTER	m	Hush, love, I told you before one  word from me, they'll toss you back  on the street, and then those pretty  little arms of yours will never grow  straight. Now close your eyes.
NIGHT PORTER	m	Here he is, the old fiend of the  night, the terror of the London.  Let's have a look at you. Let's see  what makes 'em scream...
NIGHT PORTER	m	Cor Blimey!
NIGHT PORTER	m	So this is the Elephant Man. I ain't  never seen nothing like you before.  What the bleedin' hell happened to  you?
NIGHT PORTER	m	Oh... dumb, eh?
NIGHT PORTER	m	Good. I likes people what can keep  quiet.
NIGHT PORTER	m	Like a drink? Go on... Go on have  some. No? You should try being more  sociable, mate.
NIGHT PORTER	m	You and I are going to be good  friends, we are. And, I've got lots  of friends who I know would like to  meet you. And they will, mate...  they will.
NIGHT PORTER	m	Welcome to the London.
MILKMAN	m	Here early again, eh Mr. Treves? If  you don't mind my saying so, sir,  with your early habits, you'd 'a  made a fine milkman.
TREVES	?	Good morning, Charley. I'll keep  that in mind!
TREVES	?	Mr. Merrick?
TREVES	?	....Good morning... John. I've brought  your breakfast.
TREVES	?	What are you doing down there? Come  up John, come up on the bed. The  cold floor is bad for you. I won't  hurt you, come on now...
TREVES	?	You must eat. We must keep your  strength...
TREVES	?	...What on earth is the matter with  you?
TREVES	?	Now please, John, you must do as I  say. Come up from there.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	Good morning, Mr. Treves. It'll be  his bath-time soon. Has he eaten?
TREVES	?	Not quite yet, Mrs. Mothershead.  There seems to be some difficulty  this morning.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	Won't come out, eh?
TREVES	?	No, he's very upset about something.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	Just being obstinate, sir. I'll handle  it.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	Alright, my son, none of this fuss.  Come up from there, this instant.
TREVES	?	No! Don't pull at him like that. We  don't want to frighten him more than  he already is.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	Honestly, sir, you must be very firm  with this sort. Otherwise they'd lay  about on the floor gibbering all day  long. All he understands is a good  smack.
TREVES	?	He's had his share of "smacks",  Mothershead. I expect that's what  drives him under the bed. We must  use patience and understanding with  this man.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	Perhaps you've got the time for that,  Mr. Treves, I certainly don't. I've  got an entire hospital to look after,  and you have your real patients.  Don't waste your time with him sir,  it's like talking to a wall. I don't  mean to be harsh, but truthfully  what can you do for him? I'll be  back later for his bath. And Mr.  Carr Gomm would like to see you when  you have a moment. Good day sir.
TREVES	?	What good am I to you...?
TREVES	?	...What is my purpose? ...It's so  important that I understand you. I  want to help you, I want to be your  doctor... but I can't help you unless you help  me, unless I know what you are  feeling. I believe there's something  back there, there's something you  want to say, but I've got to  understand you. Do you understand  me?
TREVES	?	No! You are going to talk to me! We  are going to show them! We're going  to show them that you're not a wall.  We are going to talk! Do you  understand? Nod your head if you  understand me!
TREVES	?	You do understand me! You understand.  Now you're going to say it. I've got  to hear how you say things. Now,  very slowly, say "yes."
TREVES	?	"Yes."
MERRICK	m	Yyyy... Yyye... yyyess.
TREVES	?	Yes John!
MERRICK	m	...Yyes
TREVES	?	Yyyess.
MERRICK	m	Yyess.
TREVES	?	That's much better. I could understand  that "yes".
MERRICK	m	Yes!
TREVES	?	Very good! Oh yes! Now listen. I'm  going to say some things to you and  I want you to repeat them... um... I  want you to say them back to me. Do  you understand? I'm going to say  some things to you and I want you to  say them back to me. Do you  understand?
MERRICK	m	Yes.
TREVES	?	Excellent! Now, say... "Hello"
MERRICK	m	Hello...
TREVES	?	My name is...
MERRICK	m	My... name is...
TREVES	?	John Merrick.
MERRICK	m	John... Merrick
TREVES	?	Say "Merrick".
MERRICK	m	Merrick...
TREVES	?	Say "Mmmerrick."
MERRICK	m	Mmmerrick.
TREVES	?	Say "Mmmerrick."
MERRICK	m	Mmmerrick.
TREVES	?	Well, that's alright. I understand  you. Now, say the whole thing again,  Hello ...
MERRICK	m	Hello... my name is... John Merrick.
NORA	f	Oh, Mrs. Mothershead, please forgive  my behavior yesterday. I'm sorry if  you're having to do extra work on my  account. It was just seeing it...
MOTHERSHEAD	f	Patients here are not "its". They  are either "he's" or "she's", but  that's alright, Ireland. This one's  going to be more work for all of us.  Good God girl! Mind your broth.
TREVES	?	Come in.
TREVES	?	Why, my dear Mrs. Mothershead, how  good of you to join us. Mr. Merrick,  will you please introduce yourself?
MERRICK	m	Hello, my name is John Merrick.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	Good Lord, Mr. Treves!
TREVES	?	We've made tremendous strides today,  Mothershead. He listens and repeats  with great attention, and this  certainly isn't easy for him.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	Parrots can do as much, Mr. Treves.  It's all very nice, but I don't see  the point. You know they won't let  him stay here.
TREVES	?	I'm sure that if Mr. Merrick made a  good impression on the hospital  committee they'd see that he's the  exception to their rule. Now I'm not  expecting miracles. I'm not saying  he'll be able to read or write, but  I do think that I can get him to  speak for himself. I'm going to  arrange things with Carr Gomm right  now. That was very good, John, very good.  That's all for today. We shall do  some more tomorrow. Mothershead?
TREVES	?	I'll see you soon.
CARR 	m	Ah, Treves...
CARR	m	Have you contacted the British Home  and the Royal Hospital?
TREVES	?	Ah, no sir. I had planned to see  them in the morning.
CARR	m	Good! How is the patient?
TREVES	?	He's doing very well. In fact that's  why I came to see you. I think that  if I were to present Mr. Merrick to  the hospital committee, then they  would have a chance to see for  themselves not only the extraordinary  nature of the disease, but of the  man as well. If the committee had a  chance to speak with him, hear him  say a few words for himself, I'm  sure they would see him as a patient,  rather than as a violation of the  rules.
CARR	m	A few words? I thought he was  imbecile?
TREVES	?	Well sir, perhaps I should explain...
CARR	m	I really don't think that's necessary  Treves. I'm quite sure the committee  will be able to make an equitable  decision on the merits of the case,  such as they are.
TREVES	?	I don't agree. No one can make a  reasonable decision about this man's  future without at least meeting him.  No doctor would presume to diagnose  a patient he had never met.
CARR	m	No, Treves, it's out of the question.  Now if it was up to me, I'd say  "Certainly, let's meet the fellow,  by all means," I'm sorry, I simply  can't speak for the other members of  the committee.
TREVES	?	Then will you meet him, as a  representative of the committee.
CARR	m	Mr. Treves, it's out of the question.  I want to hear as soon as possible  what the other hospitals can do. I'm  sorry.
BYTES	m	I want my man back.
TREVES	?	Just a moment, how did you get in  here?
BYTES	m	Never mind that, I want my man!
TREVES	?	He's still very sick. Please come  downstairs with me. I'll explain the  situation.
BYTES	m	DON'T... Don't muck me about. You've  had plenty of time to fix him up,  and he's leaving with me, NOW. Do  you understand me? Now, Mr. Treves.  We had a bargain!
TREVES	?	You misunderstood. This man suffered  a severe fall, if you take my meaning.  He's my patient now and I must do  what...
BYTES	m	Pull the other one, why don't you!  We made a deal!
TREVES	?	I know what you've done to him and  he's never going back to that.
BYTES	m	He's a freak! That's how they live.  We're partners, him and I, business  partners. You're willfully deprivin'  me of my livlihood!
TREVES	?	All you do is profit from another  man's misery!
BYTES	m	You think you're better 'n me? YOU  wanted the freak to show all your  doctor chums and make a name for  yourself, you guv. So I gave him to  you. On trust, in the name of science!  And now I want him back.
TREVES	?	You don't own this man!
BYTES	m	I want him back!
TREVES	?	So you can beat him? So you can starve  him? A dog in the street would fare  better with you!
BYTES	m	I've got my rights, damn you, and  I'm going to the authorities!
CARR 	m	Well, go to the authorities...
CARR	m	By all means do so. In fact, I'll  fetch them myself. I'm quite sure  they'd be very interested in your  story, as well as ours.
TREVES	?	Now I think we really do understand  one another.
BYTES	m	Right... Right.
CARR	m	Singularly unpleasant chap... uh...  I don't suppose there would be any  harm in my meeting your... patient,  Mr. Treves.
TREVES	?	Thank you very much Sir. Shall we  say in a few days then?
CARR	m	Shall we say two o'clock tomorrow  afternoon?
TREVES	?	Wh... whatever is most convenient  for you, sir.
CARR	m	Two o'clock then... you know Treves...  It seems this acquaintance of yours  has become rather more than just an  acquaintance.
TREVES	?	...Yes, Sir.
TREVES	?	Two o'clock?
CARR	m	Elephant Man? I don't want to meet  an Elephant Man.
ANNE	f	Freddie?
ANNE	f	Freddie?... Freddie, don't look so  discouraged.
TREVES	?	I shouldn't be. We made great progress  today. I taught him to repeat a few  basic phrases. He did rather well,  too, but I had to lead him every  step of the way. Though frankly, at  times I was unsure of who was leading  whom.
ANNE	f	What do you mean?
TREVES	?	Well, I wasn't sure whether he was  parroting me because that's all he  was capable of, or whether he sensed  that that's all I wanted to hear,  and he was trying to please me.
ANNE	f	But I thought you said that he was  rather... simple?
TREVES	?	He is. I mean, I've always thought  he was. I think he must be. Is he  simple? Or is that just something  I've wished upon him to make things  simpler for myself?
ANNE	f	Frederick, why are you so interested  in this particular case?
TREVES	?	I don't know. I can't explain it. If  this is an intelligent man, trapped  in the body of a monster, then I'm  under a moral obligation to help  free that mind, free that spirit as  best I can, to help him live as full  and content a life as possible. But!  If he's an imbecile, who's body I  can't treat and who's mind I can't  touch, well, then my obligation is  discharged. They can put him where  they will; he won't be bothered, I  won't be bothered, and everyone's  conscience can remain free and  untroubled. And that is my dilemma...  what is in his mind?
ANNE	f	Perhaps you're just polishing a stone,  endowing this Elephant Man with  qualities he doesn't possess?
TREVES	?	And what qualities are those?  Intelligence or stupidity?
ANNE	f	I'm sure I don't know, Freddie.
TREVES	?	I'm sorry... I don't know either. I  just don't know.
ANNE	f	Well, these things take time.
TREVES	?	I've only got until two o'clock  tomorrow afternoon, when Carr Gomm  meets him. Somehow, between now and  then I've got to make John Merrick  at least seem like an intelligent  man... Why am I fooling myself?  Nothing short of John delivering the  Sermon on the Mount is going to sway  Carr Gomm...
MERRICK 	m	The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not  want, he maketh me to lie down in  green pastures; He leadeth me beside  still waters. He restoreth my soul:  He Guideth me in the paths of  righteousness...
TREVES	?	Righteousness...
MERRICK 	m	Righteousness for his namesake.
TREVES	?	Very good, very good. Now, when your  visitor comes today I want you to  say it exactly the way you said it  just now. I will introduce him to  you and you will say the words you've  learned. If you have any trouble  with any of the words, I'll help  you. I'm sure you'll be just fine.  If you do as well for him as you've  done for me these last two days,  then I'm sure our visitor will be  very pleased. Now, let's go through  the whole thing again, shall we? I  will say "May I introduce you to Mr.  Carr Gomm." And you will say...
MERRICK	m	Hello, my name is John Merrick. I am  very pleased to meet you!
TREVES	?	It's only a physical problem. He has  trouble with certain sounds because  of the constrictive deformity of the  mouth. But he can talk, and has a  great eagerness to make contact with  people who will let him. So if you  have any difficulty understanding  what he is saying, just tell me and  I'll make it clear.
CARR	m	Speaking is one thing, Treves, but  can the man comprehend?
TREVES	?	...As I said, it's only a physical  problem... but I do feel that Mr.  Merrick is very flattered that you're  taking the time and trouble to meet  him, and he's most anxious to make a  good impression, so he might seem  rather nervous.
CARR	m	He needn't. I have no desire to cause  him any discomfort. Did you make  those inquiries we spoke about?
TREVES	?	Yes, I spoke to both the British  Home and Royal Hospital for  Incurables. I'm afraid that they  weren't very encouraging, but they  said they'd bring it up at their  next committee meeting, so we should  have their answers shortly.
CARR	m	Fine, fine. You know, your dedication  to this patient is an inspiring thing,  Treves. But you must remember that  this is a hospital, and there are  many patients here. Patients who can  be made well, and you owe them your  first consideration. Just don't become  so obsessed, old man, that you begin  to neglect them.
MERRICK	m	Come in.
TREVES	?	John, may I introduce you to Sir  Carr Gomm.
MERRICK	m	Hello... my name is John Merrick. I  am very pleased to meet you.
CARR	m	I'm very... pleased to meet you.
CARR	m	How are you feeling today?
MERRICK	m	I feel much better. Thank you for  asking. And you?
CARR	m	I'm feeling very fit, thank you. How  is your bronchitis?
MERRICK	m	I feel much better. Thank you.
CARR	m	Are you comfortable here?
MERRICK	m	Everyone has been very kind. I am  extremely grateful.
TREVES	?	Mr. Merrick likes the food here.  Don't you John?
MERRICK	m	Oh yes! It is much better than what  I am used to.
CARR	m	Oh yes?
TREVES	?	And what was that, John?
MERRICK	m	Potatoes...
TREVES	?	...Yes potatoes... but...
MERRICK	m	But the variety of food here is very  pleasing... I commend you.
CARR	m	I understand that you were beaten?
DIERRICK	m	Oh no, everyone has been very kind.
CARR	m	No, I meant in your former situation.
MERRICK	m	I'm feeling much better now...
CARR	m	Tell me, how do you like Mr. Treves? As a teacher?
MERRICK	m	...I... everyone has been very kind  to me.
CARR	m	Of course. How long did you and Mr.  Treves prepare for this interview?
MERRICK	m	...everyone has been very kind.
CARR	m	Yes, of course... Well, it's been a  pleasure meeting you, Mr. Merrick.  Good day.
TREVES	?	Thank you, John. You did very well.
MERRICK	m	The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not  want. He maketh me to lie down in  green pastures...
CARR	m	It was a nice try, Treves, but the  man is so obviously mouthing your  words.
TREVES	?	Yes, I'm very sorry to have wasted  your time, sir. I just felt that I  had to do anything I could to protect  him.
CARR	m	I'm sorry too. He simply doesn't  belong here. He's be much happier  somewhere else, where he could be  constantly looked after. Believe me,  Frederick, it's better that it worked  out this way. Good day.
MERRICK 	m	Yea, though I walk through the valley  of the shadow of death, I will fear  no evil, for Thou art with me; Thy  rod and Thy staff, they comfort me...
CARR	m	What is it, Treves?
MERRICK 	m	Thou preparest a table before me in  the presence of mine enemies, Thou  anointest my head with oil...
TREVES	?	I didn't teach him that part!
MERRICK	m	My cup runneth over. Surely goodness  and loving kindness shall follow me  all the days of my life, and I shall  dwell in the house of the Lord  forever.
TREVES	?	How did you, know the rest? I never  taught you the rest of it.
CARR	m	I don't understand.
TREVES	?	Tell me, John, how did you know the  rest of the 23rd Psalm?
MERRICK	m	I... I used to read the Bible every  day. I know it very well. The Bible,  and the Book of Common Prayer. The  23rd Psalm is very beautiful.
CARR 	m	It was a great pleasure to meet you,  Mr. Merrick.
MERRICK	m	I am very pleased to meet you.
CARR	m	I hope we can talk together again  sometime. Good day.
TREVES	?	I'll be right back.
CARR	m	I want to see you in my office as  soon as you're through up here. We've  a good deal to discuss.
TREVES	?	Of course, sir. Thank you, thank you  very much.
CARR	m	Treves. Well done.
TREVES	?	Not me, sir. Mr. Merrick. He succeeded  in spite of my shortsightedness.
TREVES	?	Why did you let me go on like that,  teaching you what you already knew?  Why didn't you tell me you could  read?
MERRICK	m	You did not ask me.
TREVES	?	I never thought to ask. How can you  ever forgive me?
MERRICK	m	Oh, no do not say that. You have  been so kind to me. I was afraid to  say too much. People always want me  to be quiet. You wanted me to speak,  but I was afraid. Forgive me.
TREVES	?	We do have a lot to talk about, don't  we?
CARR	m	Can you imagine what his life has  been like?
TREVES	?	Yes, I think I can.
CARR	m	No you can't. You can't begin to  know, no one can.
CARR	m	You are quite right, Treves, this is  an exceptional case. And I quite  agree that the committee should see  Mr. Merrick.
TREVES	?	I could easily arrange...
CARR	m	No, not that way. Broadneck and the  others don't like to deal with  patients directly. It makes them  queasy... Do you have any photographs  of Mr. Merrick?
TREVES	?	Well, yes.
CARR	m	Excellent. We shall present them,  along with the other particulars of  the case to the committee. I want  them to see, exactly, how horribly  his body has been affected. You and  I shall vouch for his inner qualities.
TREVES	?	Do you think they'll go along with  us?
CARR	m	Of course they will. They're  reasonable men.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	Read it.
MERRICK	m	Thou heardest my voice; hide not  thine ear at my breathing, At my  cry.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	Credit where credit is due. You'll  have the paper every morning at  breakfast.
NIGHT PORTER	m	I hear you have some trouble  sleepin'...
NIGHT PORTER	m	Head's too heavy, eh?
NIGHT PORTER	m	And I heard a nasty rumor about you;  I heard you can talk but you can't,  can you... can you... can you?...
MERRICK	m	Noooo!
NIGHT PORTER	m	No... No you can't! One word about  me out of that stinking cakehole...  Just ONE word, and you'll have no  trouble at sleepin'... no trouble at  all. You understand me? Do you!!
MERRICK	m	Yyyesss.
NIGHT PORTER	m	There now, that's better, i'n' it?
CARR	m	As far as I can see, the only obstacle  might be Broadneck. He has enormous  influence over the others, very old  school, not an easy man to impress.  In any case, if worse does come to  worse, we still have the British and  Royal Homes to fall back on, don't  we.
CARR	m	Don't we?
TREVES	?	No, we don't. Their committees have  informed me that they're unwilling  to take Mr. Merrick, even if they  were supplied with funds. They don't  want him.
CARR	m	Well, it's up to us then, isn't it?
CARR	m	Don't worry Treves, we'll make them  see it our way.
CARR	m	They've eyes, haven't they?
TREVES 	?	...Due to the progressive nature of  the disease, I feel sure that the  patient does not have much longer to  live.
TREVES	?	Forgive the redundancy, gentlemen,  but there is no other place for him.  Both the Royal Hospital and the  British Home have turned him down  even if sufficient funds for his  care were provided. The workhouse is  certainly out of the question. The  patient has an overwhelming fear of  returning to the horrors of his past.  His appearance is so disturbing that  all shrink from him. He cannot, in  justice to others, be put in the  general ward of the workhouse. The  police rightly prevent his being  exhibited, and he is mobbed in the  streets wherever he goes. What is to  be done with him?
BROADNECK	m	I, for one, am sick and tired of  this competitive freak-hunting by  these overly ambitious young doctors,  trying to make names for themselves.  To parade then about in front of the  pathological society is one thing,  but to waste this committee's valuable  time with requests for shelter for  these abominations of nature is quite  another.
TREVES	?	Gentlemen, John Merrick is not an  animal, he is a man, fully aware of  his condition. An intelligent,  sensitive, literate man, with an  intimate knowledge of the Bible. His  horrible infirmities do not reduce  him to anything less than what he  is, a man; and it would be criminal  if we of the London Hospital, his  final refuge, the last place on earth  where this man can find peace, were  to cast him out.
CARR	m	Gentlemen, may I make a suggestion.  There are two small rooms off Bedstead  Square that are no longer in use and  would be admirably suited to Mr.  Merrick's needs. I also propose to  write a letter to The Times, appealing  to their readers for assistance.  Knowing the generosity of the British  public, I feel we would have little  trouble in raising the funds for his  maintenance. Indeed, this hospital's  rules do preclude the admission of  incurables, but if ever there was an  exception to the rule, it is this  patient. So therefore, I propose, if  Mr. Treves is finished, that we put  it to a vote. All those in favor of  keeping Mr. Merrick here?
BROADNECK	m	One moment, as far as I'm concerned this creature  has no business being in our hospital.  I think Mr. Carr Gomm's letter would  be an excellent idea, and when you appeal for funds, I  think you should appeal for a more  appropriate place for him as well. I  agree the British public is generous,  and I'm sure that somewhere the  creature will find a happy and  permanent home, but not here.
CARR	m	I see. All, then, that move we keep  Mr. Merrick here?
CARR	m	All those opposed?
CARR	m	I see.
BROADNECK	m	Well then. In the meantime, of course,  he needn't be turned out. He may  stay in the rooms off Bedstead Square  until such time as more suitable  arrangements can be made, thus freeing  the Isolation Ward for more deserving  patients. Well then, Mr. Chairman,  if there is nothing further to  discuss, I move that we adjourn this  meeting and all go bout our normal  business.
CARR	m	I second the motion gentlemen. This  meeting is adjourned.
CARR 	m	Somehow I don't think they quite  understand.
WOMAN	f	...terrible though his appearance  is, so terrible indeed that women  and nervous persons fly in terror  from the sight of him, and that he  is debarred from seeking to earn his  livelihood in any ordinary way, yet  he is superior in intelligence, can  read and write, is quiet, gentle,  not to say even refined in his mind.
WOMAN	f	I'd very much like to meet that  gentleman. He sounds almost  Shakespearean.
#1 DOCTOR	m	"...in life until he came under the  kind care of the nursing staff of  the London Hospital and the surgeon  who has befriended him..."
#2 DOCTOR	m	Good publicity for the Hospital, at  any rate.
#3 DOCTOR	m	Treves comes off well too, eh Freddie?
#4 DOCTOR	m	It was pleasant of you to join us  this evening, Frederick.
#2 DOCTOR	m	Your Elephant Man dining out this  evening?
#4 DOCTOR	m	I understand the kitchen ran out of  hay this morning.
FOX	m	Do continue reading, Mr. Stanley,  please.
#1 DOCTOR	m	"...it is a case of singular  affliction brought about through no  fault of himself; he can but hope  for quiet and privacy during a life  which Mr. Treves assures me is not  likely to be long,"
#4 DOCTOR	m	The Elephant Man. Makes you sound  rather more like a zoo-keeper than a  surgeon, Frederick.
TREVES	?	Excuse me gentlemen. I seem to have  lost my appetite. Good evening.
#4 DOCTOR	m	I say, what's he on about?
#3 DOCTOR	m	He's getting a bit of a swelled head,  if you ask me.
FOX	m	Well, no one did ask you Atkins. Frederick Treves is not only the  most skillful surgical operator here,  he's also a humanitarian of the  highest order. You sound like a pack  of whining school boys with your  petty jealousies.
#3 DOCTOR	m	Look here, Fox, I simply said.
FOX	m	Oh belt up!
1ST WOMAN	f	There are cleaner rooms in the  gasworks.
1ST WOMAN	f	Who's all the fuss for, then?
2ND WOMAN	f	Don't you know? It's for that strange  one.
1ST WOMAN	f	Mr. Treves' Elephant Man? I hear  he's got a trunk.
2ND WOMAN	f	Right, right.
2ND WOMAN	f	Blimey, now we're cleanin' up for  circus animals!
MERRICK	m	"A silent shaft of stone on a deserted  promontory, the lonely Eddystone is  a beacon of aid and comfort to  mariners of all nations."
TREVES	?	Good evening. How are you feeling?
MERRICK	m	Good evening. Very well, thank you.  And you?
TREVES	?	Very well, thank you. I have something  for you, John. I'm sure you'll enjoy  it, it's very popular.
MERRICK	m	Thank you... so much... oh it's  beautiful!
TREVES	?	I came to tell you that I'll be here  early tomorrow morning. We're moving  you to your permanent home. I'm sure  you'll be very happy there, John. So  get a good night's rest, there'll be  new people to meet tomorrow. Good  night.
MERRICK	m	Good night.
NIGHT PORTER	m	Here... listen to this. This is a  letter to THE London Times from the  guvnor of the hospital. There is now in a little room off  one of our attic wards a man named  John Merrick, so dreadful a sight  that he is unable even to come out  by daylight to the garden. He has  been called The Elephant Man on  account of his terrible deformity...
NIGHT PORTER	m	...His appearance is so terrible  that woman and nervous persons fly  in terror at the sight of him. ...and guess who can get you tickets  to see him? Your own Sunny Jim!
YOUNG MAN IN CROWD	m	Let's go see him, then!
NIGHT PORTER	m	Keep your shirts on. ...When the time is right. Right now  he's in the attic but tomorrow they're  movin' him into Bedstead Square,  right into my lap... then... for the  right price you'll see something  you'll never see again in your life.
MERRICK	m	Workhouse!
TREVES	?	This is your new home, John.
MERRICK	m	This... is my new home?
TREVES	?	Yes.
MERRICK	m	The hospital?
TREVES	?	Of course! What did you think?
MERRICK	m	How long will I stay here?
TREVES	?	I promise you. You will never see  the inside of that horrible place  again. You will never, ever go back  to the workhouse... or that man.  It's a splendid room, don't you think?
MERRICK	m	When I'm next moved may I go to a  lighthouse?... or to a blind-asylum?
TREVES	?	Has the response picked up?
CARR	m	Frankly, Treves, it's not what I'd  expected. A few small cheques. Well- wishers. Don't worry, these things  undoubtedly take time.
TREVES	?	But he's so afraid he's going to be  carted off. I've promised him that  won't happen.
CARR	m	Well... I'll let you know if there's  something in the afternoon post.
TREVES	?	Please do.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	Well, I think I can safely hand the  duties over to you girls now. Mr.  Merrick will require a bath every  day... that way he won't pong quite  so much. Nora, you can instruct  Kathleen on the finer points of Mr.  Merrick's bath. You'll be on your  own tomorrow.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	Don't look so glum girls. Such  enthusiastic volunteers should be  more cheerful.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	Oh, and girls, under no circumstances  are there to be any mirrors brought  into this room.
KATHLEEN	f	He's... so ugly!
NORA	f	Ugly or not, you're going to help  me.
NORA	f	Feeling better now, Mr. Merrick?
MERRICK	m	Yes.
NORA	f	You look very nice in your new  clothes.
MERRICK	m	Thank you very much.
NORA	f	Well, if there is nothing more, I  suppose we'll be leaving you now.
MERRICK	m	No, nothing.
TREVES	?	You look splendid, John.
MERRICK	m	Thank you very much.
TREVES	?	When one is invited to tea, one must  look one's best.
TREVES 	?	Make yourself comfortable, John.
TREVES	?	Come and meet our quest, my love.
TREVES	?	John Merrick, I'd like you to meet  my wife, Anne Treves.
ANNE	f	I'm very pleased to meet you, Mr.  Merrick.
MERRICK	m	I'm very...
TREVES	?	John... what's the matter? John...  why are you upset?
MERRICK	m	I'm not used to such kindness. From  a beautiful woman.
ANNNE	f	Would you like a nice cup of tea,  Mr. Merrick?
MERRICK	m	Yes... thank you.
TREVES	?	Yes, a cup of tea would go nicely.
TREVES	?	John... would you like to see the  rest of the house?
TREVES	?	Come with me, John. I'll show it to  you.
ANNE	f	Mr. Merrick, sugar?
MERRICK	m	Yes please, two.
ANNE	f	One or two?
MERRICK	m	Two, please.
TREVES	?	John loves the house.
ANNE	f	Do you?
MERRICK	m	Oh yes. You have so many nice things,  and so much room.
ANNE	f	Oh?
TREVES	?	Yes, we do have a lot of room. But  you should see the place on weekends,  when I see patients here. Sometimes  there are so many, we have to set  them down wherever we can. In fact,  Mrs. Treves sometimes says that the  only room she can call her own is  the bedroom.
MERRICK	m	Well, it's a lovely bedroom. What do  you call that thing above the bed?
TREVES	?	That's a canopy, John.
MERRICK	m	Ohhh...
TREVES	?	How is your tea, John?
MERRICK	m	It's very good. I'm enjoying my visit  with you very much. It's so very  kind of you to have me as a guest in  your home. I'm sorry I made a  spectacle of myself.
TREVES	?	Not at all, John.
MERRICK	m	I love the way you've arranged your  pictures on the mantlepiece. Is that  the way it's done in most houses?
TREVES	?	Oh yes.
MERRICK	m	Who are they of?
TREVES	?	Oh, our relatives... the children.
MERRICK	m	The children! May I see?
TREVES	?	Of course.
MERRICK	m	The Children. Where are your children
TREVES	?	Oh, they're gone for the day... with  friends.
MERRICK	m	Friends. Ah yes, friends! How nice.
ANNE	f	And here is one of Frederick's mother.
MERRICK	m	How lovely.
TREVES	?	Yes.
ANNE	f	And here are my mother and father.
MERRICK	m	They have noble faces.
ANNE	f	I've always thought that myself.
MERRICK	m	Oh, yes.
MERRICK	m	Would you... would you like to see  my mother?
TREVES	?	Your mother?
MERRICK	m	Here.
ANNE	f	Oh... why Mr. Merrick she's beautiful.
MERRICK	m	She has the face of an angel... She  was an angel. She was so kind... so  kind to me. It's not her fault, for  in the fourth month of her maternal  condition she was knocked down by an  elephant. I'm sure I must have been  a great disappointment to her.
ANNE	f	Oh no, Mr. Merrick. No. No son as  loving as you are could ever be a  disappointment.
MERRICK	m	If only I could find her. If only  she could see me now, here, with  such lovely kind friends. You, Mrs.  Treves, and you, Mr. Treves. Then  maybe she would love me as I am.  I've tried to hard to be good.
MERRICK	m	Please... please...
NORA	f	Good morning, Mr. Merrick.
MERRICK	m	Good morning.
NORA	f	What is this that you're doing?
NORA	f	What is it?
NORA	f	What? Oh! I see! It's St. Phillips.  Oh, of course. Why... why that's  very good, I mean you've gotten the  windows and arches just right.
MERRICK	m	Yes.
NORA	f	But it's so good, I mean... it's so  very good.
MERRICK	m	Thank you... very much.
NORA	f	Where did you get this box?
NORA	f	The hallway? Oh, the wastecan!
MERRICK	m	I meant no harm, it was the only  place where I could find cardboard.  I thought it has been thrown away.
NORA	f	It's alright, it was thrown away. No  one wants it. It's just that it's a  little dirty, that's all.
NORA	f	What's this?
MERRICK	m	The main spire.
NORA	f	The... oh, the spire! How silly of  me, it's as plain as day... Mr.  Merrick, where did you learn to do  this?
MERRICK	m	...I learned a long time ago.
NORA	f	Oh, but how will you finish it? You  haven't any more cardboard.
MERRICK	m	I'll have to find some more.
NORA	f	Yes... well, good day, Mr. Merrick.
MERRICK	m	Come in.
TREVES	?	Good morning, John.
MERRICK	m	Good morning.
TREVES	?	John, there's someone here who would  like to meet you. Would that be  alright?
TREVES	?	John, I'd like you to meet one of  the brightest lights of the British  stage, Mrs. Kendal. Mrs. Kendal,  John Merrick.
KENDAL	m	Good day, Mr. Merrick.
MERRICK	m	Good day...!
KENDAL	m	I've brought you some things. I hope  you'll like, Mr. Merrick. I hope you  don't think it too forward.
MERRICK	m	Oh, no.
KENDAL	m	I knew you'd understand. Here.
KENDAL	m	I want you to know that I don't go  about giving my pictures to just  anyone.
MERRICK	m	Oh, no. I would never think it! It's  so beautiful. You are so... I'll  give it a place of honor, here, next  to my mother.
KENDAL	m	She's very pretty, your mother.
MERRICK	m	Yes.
MERRICK	m	Mr. Treves says that you are in the  theatre. Do you live there?
KENDAL	m	Oh no, Mr. Merrick. I just work there.
MERRICK	m	Well, even to work there would be  wonderful. Is it beautiful?
KENDAL	m	You've never been?
MERRICK	m	Alas, no.
KENDAL	m	Well you must go. It is one of the  most beautiful places on earth. Of  course, I'm rather partial.
MERRICK	m	Tell me about it, please!
KENDAL	m	It's very difficult to put into a  nutshell, but I should say the theater  is the shrine of the imagination,  where one may suspend disbelief and  travel anywhere in the world, to any  time you desire. You may look over  the shoulders of kings, unobserved,  battle with ruthless tyrants, and  marry the beautiful princess, all in  the space of a few hours. Onstage  you may be whoever you wish to be,  do anything you please, and always,  always live happily ever after. The  theatre is all the brightest and  best things of the world, Mr. Merrick.  It is lights and music, gaiety and  joy. It's... well, it's romance.
MERRICK	m	Romance!
KENDAL	m	That's one thing the theatre has in  great store. which reminds me. I  have something else for you...
KENDAL	m	Have you read it?
MERRICK	m	No, but I certainly shall.
MERRICK	m	Romeo and Juliet. I know of this...  "If I profane with my unworthiest  hand, This holy shrine, the gentle  fine is this: My lips, two blushing  pilgrims, ready stand, To smooth  that rough touch with a tender kiss."
KENDAL	m	Good pilgrim, you do wrong your hand  too much, Which mannerly devotion  shows in this; For saints have hands  that pilgrims hands do touch, And  palm to palm is holy palmer's kiss.
MERRICK	m	Have not saints lips, and holy palmers  too?
KENDAL	m	Ay, pilgrim, lips that they must use  in prayer.
MERRICK	m	O, then, dear saint, let lips do  what hands do. They pray, grant thou,  lest faith turn to despair.
KENDAL	m	Why, Mr. Merrick, you're not an  Elephant Man at all...
MERRICK	m	Oh no?
KENDAL	m	Oh no... no... you're a Romeo.
BYTES	m	So, there you are, my boy, my  treasure.
GIRL	f	Mummy, listen to this!
MUMMY	f	Hush, Jennifer, can't you see Mummy's  talking?
GIRL	f	But it's about Mrs. Kendal, mummy!  The actress you go on so much about!
GIRL	f	"Mrs. Kendal, always at the forefront  of fashion and form, was seen leaving  The London the other afternoon. No,  dear readers, the most facile actress  of our day has not been taken ill,  but rather said she was 'visiting a  friend'. And who was the lucky  recipient of this attention? Quick  enquiries proved it to be none other  than Mr. John Merrick, The Elephant  Man, with whom our readers are  undoubtedly familiar. After a chat  of three-quarters of an hour, Mrs.  Kendal was kind enough to leave Mr.  Merrick with an autographed portrait  of herself. Owing to a disfigurement  of the most extreme nature, Mr.  Merrick has never been properly  presented to London society. But  knowing that wherever Mrs. Kendal  goes, others inevitably follow, the  questions arises: Will London society  present itself to him?"
WOMAN	f	Parkins, whose carriage is that?
DRIVER	m	Well mum, that looks like Alexander,  Lord Waddington's driver.
WOMAN	f	Lord and Lady Waddington! Well. Drive  back to the house. I can't be seen in this.
MERRICK	m	Thank you for your kind gifts. I  can't say enough about this ring.  And this walking stick is ever so  dashing. So much more elegant than  my old one. More tea?
MERRICK	m	If you have a chill I can close the  window.
THE LADY	m	Oh no, no, no, I'm fine. Please... I  mean, thank you.
MERRICK	m	I don't get out as often as I'd like  to, for some people DO find my  appearance disturbing. Of course, I  can't fault them.
MERRICK 	m	People are often frightened by what  they don't understand.
MERRICK 	m	And it is hard to understand, even  for myself, for you see, Mother was  so very beautiful.
MERRICK 	m	How's your tea?
MOTHERSHEAD	f	Watery headed bunch.
TREVES	?	I regret that I must leave you here,  m' Lord, m' Lady. Thank you so much  for coming. It was an act of the  greatest charity.
LADY WADDINGTON	f	Oh no, Mr. Treves, the pleasure was  all ours. Good day.
TREVES	?	Incredible, isn't it? Well, I think  John has had enough visitors for one  day, Mothershead. I've got a lecture  at the college, I'll be back this  evening.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	Excuse me, sir. I'd like to have a  word with you.
TREVES	?	Oh?... Well, quickly please,  Mothershead, I'm overdue.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	I can't understand why you let those  people go in there, sir.
TREVES	?	Now Mothershead, you have to  understand that this is very good  for John. He relishes contact with  people outside the hospital...
MOTHERSHEAD	f	But you saw them, sir. They couldn't  hide their disgust. They don't care  anything for John, they're just trying  to impress their friends.
TREVES	?	Aren't you being just a little harsh,  Mothershead? You yourself hardly  treated John with much loving kindness  when he first arrived.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	I bathed him, didn't I? I fed him  and cleaned up after him! If loving  kindness can be called care and  practical concern, then yes, I did  treat him with loving kindness, and  I'm not ashamed to say it.
TREVES	?	You're right, Mothershead, please  forgive me... Of course, I appreciate  everything you've done for John, and  I'm glad that you are concerned about  his welfare. But, I'm the physician  in charge and I must do what I think  best. I'm also very late, so please  forgive me.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	If you ask me, sir, he's just being  stared at all over again.
MERRICK	m	When will the stream be aweary of  flowing under my eye? When will the wind be aweary of  blowing over the sky? When will the clouds be aweary of  fleeting? When will the heart be aweary of  beating, and nature die?
TREVES	?	Never, oh! Never, nothing will die.  the stream flows the wind blows the  heart beats Nothing will die.
MERRICK	m	Mr. Treves, there is something I've  been meaning to ask you for some  time...
TREVES	?	Yes, John?
MERRICK	m	...Can you cure me?
TREVES	?	No John, I can't. I can care for  you, but I can't cure you.
MERRICK	m	I thought as much.
TREVES	?	John...?
MERRICK	m	Come in.
TREVES	?	Are you looking for me, Sister?
NORA	f	No sir, Mr. Merrick. I have something for you.
NORA	f	I thought these things would be  helpful with your cathedral.
TREVES	?	The cathedral is coming along nicely.
MERRICK	m	Yes, soon I will start the main spire,  but I must finish these columns first,  How kind of her!
TREVES	?	How blind of me. Is there anything  else, John, anything at all that I  could get for you?
MERRICK	m	Oh no! There is nothing! I have  everything, you have given me  everything I could possibly want. I  am happy every hour of the day. I  only wish there was something I could  give to you.
TREVES	?	Please John, it would give me so  much pleasure to give you something.  Something just for yourself. Isn't  there something you would like to  have?
TREVES	?	You want a dressing bag, John?
MERRICK	m	You don't think it's too gaudy, do  you?
MOTHERSHEAD	f	Mr. Treves, some more books arrived  for Mr. Merrick.
TREVES	?	Thank you, Mothershead. Have a porter  put them in my office.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	Yes sir. What's that?
TREVES	?	A dressing bag.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	Very smart indeed.
TREVES	?	Yes. John wants it.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	A dressing bag?
TREVES	?	You don't think it's too gaudy, do  you.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	Well...
TREVES	?	John thinks it's very dashing.  Something no gentleman should be  without. I'm inclined to agree.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	A dressing bag?
MERRICK	m	Night!
TREVES	?	You stay with me.
ANNE	f	Dinner will be served, shortly, dear.
ANNE	f	More romances for John?
TREVES	?	Hmmm?
ANNE	f	...Freddie! What's the matter? You've  been like this all evening.
TREVES	?	Oh... I've just been thinking about  something that man Bytes said.
ANNE	f	Oh, Freddie. What could that wretched  vampire say to upset you?
TREVES	?	That I am very little different from  him.
ANNE	f	Oh that's absurd, Frederick. No, no  Frederick, that's all wrong! John is  happier and more fulfilled now than  he has ever been in his entire life.  And, that is completely due to you.
TREVES	?	But why did I do it? What was this  all for? So John Merrick could live  out his last days in peace and  comfort? Or so I could become famous?
ANNE	f	Frederick, just what is it that you  are saying?
TREVES	?	...Am I a good man or am I a bad  man?
ANNE	f	Oh Frederick.
ANNE	f	You're a good man. A very good man.
CARR	m	Ahh! Broadneck! You'll no doubt be  pleased to know that we've received  a smashing response to my letter.  It's all very heartwarming, though  several letters do mention how beastly  it would be to part the poor fellow  from Mr. Treves and the staff, but  since the committee insists...
BROADNECK	m	Good day, Carr Gomm.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	Is this all there is for John?
CARR	m	I'm afraid so, Mrs. Mothershead.  Perhaps tomorrow.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	What is it? What is it?
TREVES	?	Don't you think this is a bit  premature? We don't have the backing  yet to...
CARR	m	Steady on, Treves. Have a seat.
CARR	m	Gentlemen, I know we begin every  meeting by reading the minutes, but  in the interest of speed I think we  should conclude a matter discussed  previously, to wit, that of Mr. John  Merrick, the Elephant Man...
CARR	m	Mr. Broadneck?
BROADNECK	m	Mr. Chairman! I was under the distinct  impression that we had concluded  discussion of this disagreeable  matter. Had we not ascertained that  an Elephant Man is not acceptable as  a patient? Have we not, very  generously, allowed the creature to  use two of our rooms until such time  as he could be properly disposed of?  Have we not...
MERRICK	m	I must be more careful!
BROADNECK	m	Which brings to mind my next point.  The rules, gentlemen, the rules. In  a society such as ours, it is of  paramount importance that we not  stray from the established order.  Has that order not already been  fearfully strained by allowing this...  this... sideshow exhibit to take up  residence, however temporary, in two  very useful rooms, the purpose of  which would be far better served in  accommodating treatable patients,  patients to whom this hospital was  originally dedicated? I believe we  have a duty...
MERRICK	m	...Ladybug, ladybug, fly away home...  it's cloudy out, I know, but remember;  behind the clouds there is always  the sun.
BROADNECK	m	...In light of these facts, our course  is clear. The question is not whether  to accept this creature as a patient,  the question is when will those rooms  be vacated for use by better  qualified, more deserving cases? I  move that this Elephant Man be removed  from the premises immediately. We  have a sacred duty to cure the sick,  not care for circus animals. That is  my last word on the subject. Mr.  Chairman, shall we vote?
CARR GOMM	m	I take it, Mr. Broadneck, that your  mind is fixed on this matter?
BROADNECK	m	Mr. Chairman! Don't you have ears? I  am unalterably opposed to any...
BROADNECK	m	...No, my mind is made up on this,  and I am resolved to stand firm. You  shall not sway me. May we now vote,  Mr. Chairman, at long last?
CARR	m	Yes, I believe that time has come.
1ST FOOTMAN	m	Gentlemen, Her Royal Highness  Alexandra, Princess of Wales.
ALIX	?	Good morning, gentlemen. I hope I am  not interrupting?
CARR	m	Indeed not, your Highness. Your  presence is always greatly  appreciated. We were just about to  put the matter of Mr. Merrick to a  vote. The Princess is very interested in  Mr. Merrick's fate.
ALIX	?	Indeed I am sir, as is the Queen. I have a brief communication from  her Highness which she has requested  I read to you: To the Governing  Committee, London Hospital. I would  very much like to commend you for  the charitable face you have shown  Mr. John Merrick, the Elephant Man.  It is laudable that you have provided  one of England's most unfortunate  sons with a safe and tranquil harbour,  a home. For this immeasurable  kindness, as well as the many other  acts of mercy on behalf of the poor,  of which Mr. Carr Gomm has kept me  informed, I gratefully thank you.  Signed Victoria, Empress of India,  Queen of the United Kingdom of Great  Britain and Ireland. I am sure you gentlemen may be counted  on to do the Christian thing.
CARR	m	Thank you very much, your Highness,  you may be sure we shall.
CARR	m	Well then, I move that Mr. John  Merrick be admitted to the London  Hospital on a permanent basis, on  condition that the Hospital shall  receive a yearly payment equal to  the cost of occupying one bed, and  that the funds for his care shall be  clearly separate from hospital funds.  All those in favor.
CARR	m	The motion is carried.
CARR	m	Well, now we may go about our normal  business.
MERRICK	m	Please, come in.
TREVES	?	Good afternoon, John, Mr. Carr Gomm  has something he would like to say  to you.
CARR	m	Mr. Merrick, it is my great pleasure  to welcome you, officially to The  London Hospital. The Governing  Committee this morning voted  unanimously to provide you these  rooms on a permanent basis. This is  your home now. I'm so very, very  pleased for you.
TREVES	?	So you see, John, there's no need  for a lighthouse. All your friends  are here.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	Welcome home, John.
MERRICK	m	...my... home?
TREVES	?	Yes, John.
MERRICK	m	You did this for me?
TREVES	?	Yes.
MERRICK	m	Please... please thank the governing  committee for me. I will do my utmost  to merit their kindness.
MERRICK	m	My home.
TREVES	?	There is one more thing, John. Here.
TREVES	?	Is it the one you wanted?
MERRICK	m	Oh, Mr. Treves. Mr. Treves.
TREVES	?	Are you sure? Because I can take it  back.
MERRICK	m	Mr. Treves. Thank you my... friends.
MAN	m	Here now, these lovely ladies ain't  never seen it!
NIGHT PORTER	m	You're on mate. Alright, alright, that's enough for  this performance.
NIGHT PORTER	m	Hang on, hang on, there's always  tomorrow night. Not to worry.
BYTES	m	Room for one more?
NIGHT PORTER	m	At the right price...
NIGHT PORTER	m	There's room.
BYTES	m	Well, let's be off then.
NIGHT PORTER	m	Quietly now! Quietly! We don't want  to scare him.
MERRICK	m	Hello, my name is John Merrick. I am  very, VERY pleased to meet you!
NIGHT PORTER	m	Curtain time!!!
NIGHT PORTER	m	No, no! You look lovely. Don't change  a thing, darling. You look like the  bleedin' Prince of Wales.
NIGHT PORTER	m	My friends... The Elephant Man!
MAN 	m	Horrible... I told you it was  horrible... just horrible.
BYTES	m	Perhaps the ladies would like a closer  look?
WHORES	?	Come on Jack... No... No, don't. Etc.
MAN	m	'Cor, he's a real ladies' man, come  on... give the ladies' man a kiss.
MAN	m	Come on, you'll give him a kiss.
WHORE	f	Come on, Jack.
MAN	m	Here that's enough romance. Now into  bed.
NIGHT PORTER	m	A prince needs a harem!
NIGHT PORTER	m	Mind his head... You'll kill him.
NIGHT PORTER	m	Quiet down. Quiet down. You'll have  the whole place down on us.
BYTES	m	Bring him out then, so's we all can  see him.
NIGHT PORTER	m	Everyone outside!!!
ONE MAN	m	Give 'im a drink.
NIGHT PORTER 	m	Here now... Here now... He's had  enough... show's over!
NIGHT PORTER	m	Meet you at the Peacock.
ONE OF THE CROWD	m	Bring your friend.
NIGHT PORTER	m	He's had 'is fill for one night.
NIGHT PORTER	m	I did real well tonight.
NIGHT PORTER	m	Here... buy yourself a sweet.
BYTES 	m	My treasure...
BYTES	m	Aren't you glad to see me?
MERRICK	m	Bytes!
BYTES 	m	Get into your cloak... ...now, your hood... do it!
MERRICK 	m	...Alright.
BYTES 	m	Let's go.
TREVES	?	John?
YOUNG PORTER	m	Mr. Treves?
MOTHERSHEAD	f	Good God... John?
TREVES	?	WHERE IS HE?
TREVES	?	WHERE IS MR. MERRICK?
NIGHT PORTER	m	I... I don't know what you mean,  Sir.
TREVES	?	Don't lie to me. I know all about  it. You were SEEN. Where did you  take him?
NIGHT PORTER	m	Take him? Now wait... I didn't take  him anywhere. We were just having  some fun. We didn't hurt him... just  having a laugh, that's all.
TREVES	?	HE'S GONE!
NIGHT PORTER	m	When I left him, he was in his bed,  safe and sound.
TREVES	?	YOU BASTARD! You tortured him. YOU  TORTURED HIM, you bastard. WHERE is
NIGHT PORTER	m	YOU'RE NOT LISTENING TO ME! I ain't  done nothing wrong. People pay to  see your monster, Mr. Treves. I just  take the money.
TREVES	?	YOU'RE THE MONSTER! YOU'RE THE FREAK!
NIGHT PORTER	m	Have a care, Mr. Treves. I ain't  afraid of you! You and your bleedin'  Elephant Man! I'm glad what I did!  And you can't do nothing! Only  Mothershead can sack me.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	Done.
CARR 	m	I'd like to think I felt no less for  John than you, Treves, but face the  facts, the man has disappeared, very  likely to the continent. There's no  question of your going after him,  you're desperately needed here by  your patients. Remember Treves, you  did everything in your power...  everything in your power.
BYTES	m	Still haven't eaten, eh?
MERRICK	m	Bytes... please!
BYTES	m	Eat, my treasure, I want you healthy.
BYTES	m	I'm beginning to feel your weight.
BYTES	m	...The result is plain to see. Ladies  and Gentlemen... THE TERRIBLE ELEPHANT
BYTES	m	Turn around!
BYTES	m	Dance!
BYTES	m	Dance!
BYTES	m	Eat, my treasure.
BYTES	m	Eat. I said eat!
BYTES	m	Eat, damn you. EAT! EAT!
BYTES	m	I said EAT!!
BYTES	m	The result is plain to see. Ladies  and gentlemen... THE TERRIBLE ELEPHANT
BYTES	m	Turn around!
BYTES	m	Dance!
BYTES	m	Up! Up!
BYTES	m	Give the call of the elephant!
BYTES	m	Louder!
BYTES	m	Get up you miserable bastard!
BYTES	m	I SAID, GET UP!
BYTES	m	I'm beatin' a dead horse.
BYTES	m	Another bleedin' heart!
BYTES	m	You sly bastard. You're doing this  to spite me, aren't you!
BOY	m	Aw, Bytes, he's sick.
BYTES	m	He's doing it to spite me, I tell  you, and it's got to stop!
BOY	m	He's sick, Bytes. He's going to die.
BYTES	m	If he does it's his own fault! But  I'm not burying that swollen bag of  flesh.
BOY	m	What are you going to do?
BYTES	m	I'll show you! I'll show you!
BOY	m	Don't!
BYTES	m	Shut up!
BOY	m	Bytes, please...
BYTES	m	Out!
MERRICK	m	Bytes! Bytes, please!!
MERRICK	m	NO! I AM NOT AN ELEPHANT! I AM NOT
PLUMED DWARF	m	You alright?
MERRICK	m	y-y-yes--
PLUMED DWARF	m	Want to come out?
MERRICK	m	You're English.
PLUMED DWARF	m	Of course! You want out?
MERRICK	m	Yes.
PLUMED DWARF	m	Won't be a moment.
PLUMED DWARF	m	We've decided... You've got to get  away from here...
BOY	m	Here... you'll need these.
PLUMED DWARF	m	Good of you, mate.
BOY	m	Good luck.
MERRICK	m	But... but...
BOY	m	I'll be alright.
MERRICK	m	Thank you, my friends.
PLUMED DWARF	m	I'll go in with you, you'll need a  ticket.
PLUMED DWARF	m	I'm just going to help my friend on  board.
PLUMED DWARF	m	This'll do.
PLUMED DWARF	m	I'm sorry I could only get you a  third class ticket, but it's all we  had.
MERRICK	m	Oh no, my friend...
PLUMED DWARF	m	Say hello to London for me. I miss  her.
MERRICK	m	Oh, yes.
PLUMED DWARF	m	You know, I saw you once there, in  London. You're a great attraction.
PLUMED DWARF	m	Luck, my friend, luck. Who needs it  more than we?
CONDUCTOR	m	I'm sorry, you'll have to leave now.
CONDUCTOR	m	This is the end of the line, you'll  have to leave now.
FIRST-MATE	?	May I see your ticket?
FIRST-MATE	?	I'm sorry, there's no room for you  on this ship, you'll have to wait  for the next one, in the morning.
FIRST-MATE	?	You heard me. There's no room. Now  be off with you.
TICKET TAKER	m	Wait! One more!
TICKET TAKER	m	You'll have to hurr...
YOUNG WOMAN 	f	Look! It's Dover!
YOUNG MAN	m	Finally! Dover!
MOTHER'S VOICE	f	Little beast! I thought mummy told  you not to bring that horrid thing.  Can't you behave?
BOY	m	Mummy! Mummy! Look at that man! His  head, it's huge! Mummy, why is his  head so big? Mummy? Mummy?
MOTHER	f	Do be quiet Little Jim. Can't you  see Mummy is speaking?
LITTLE JIM	f	Hey Mister, why is your head so big?
LITTLE JIM	f	Mister!
BOYS	m	Mister! Mister!
LITTLE JIM	f	Why don't you answer me?
LITTLE JIM	f	Now I'll see you...
MOTHER	f	My son! My son! Help!
MOTHER	f	Stop that man! Stop that man!
MERRICK	m	I am not an animal... I'm not... I'm  not... I am a man.
MOTHERSHEAD	f	There's a policeman to see you, Sir.
BOBBY	m	Are you Frederick Treves, sir?
TREVES	?	Yes...
SERGEANT	m	You know this man, sir?
TREVES	?	Yes, he's... my friend.
MERRICK	m	Mr. Treves! Treves.
TREVES	?	John.... how can you ever forgive  me?
KENDAL	m	It's all arranged. I'll send over  some evening gowns for the sisters  that you select to accompany Mr.  Merrick. You'll be using the Royal  entrance and Princess Alexandra  herself will be there to welcome him  to her private box.
TREVES	?	I'm very grateful to you, Mrs. Kendal. This is just the thing to  help him forget his ordeal. John  will be very excited.
KENDAL	m	Well it is a miracle he ever got  back. And, I'm sure, Mr. Treves,  under your expert care, he'll have  many happy years ahead.
TREVES	?	I fear not, Mrs. Kendal. Even in the  short time he was gone the size of  his head has increased rapidly... as  is his pain.
KENDAL	m	How awful for John.
TREVES	?	And yet, not once have any of us  heard him complain.
KENDAL	m	Is he... dying then?
TREVES	?	Yes. There is nothing more  frustrating, nothing that makes a  physician feel more useless, than  standing by watching his patient  deteriorate. And when that patient  is a friend, no... no, there's  absolutely nothing I can do.
KENDAL	m	Well, it's all quite... I've never  heard... It's quite...
TREVES	?	Yes.
MERRICK	m	You women are such strange and  wonderful creatures... Alas, it seems  to be my fate to fall in love with  each and everyone of you. I especially  wish you could all be with me  tonight... I'm finally going to the  theatre.
MERRICK	m	...The theatre...
CHORUS	m	O for a Muse of fire, that would  ascend  The brightest heaven of invention, A  kingdom for a stage, princes to act  And monarchs to behold the swelling  scene! Then should the warlike Harry,  like himself,  Assume the port of Mars; and at his  heels,  Leash'd in like hounds, should famine,  sword and fire  Crouch for employment. But pardon,  gentles all,  The flat unraised spirits that have  dar'd  On this unworthy scaffold to bring  forth  So great an object: can this cockpit  hold  The vasty fields of Rance? Or may we  cram  Within this wooden O the very casques  That did affright the air at  Agincourt?  O, pardon! since a crooked figure  may  Attest in little place a million;  And let us, ciphers to this great  account,  On your imaginary forces work.
K. HEN	m	Fair Katharine, and most fair, will  you vouchsafe to teach a soldier  terms  Such as will enter at a lady's ear  And plead his love-suit to her gentle  heart?
KATH	f	Your majesty shall mock at me; I  cannot speak your England.
K. HEN	m	O fair Katharine, if you will love  me soundly with your French heart, I  will be glad to hear you confess it  brokenly with your English tongue.  Do you like me, Kate?
KATH	f	Pardonnez-moi, I cannot tell vat is  "like me".
K. HEN	m	An angel is like you, Kate, and you  are like an angel.
KATH	f	O bon Dieu! les langues des hommes  sont pleines de tramperies.
K. HEN	m	What say you, fair one? That the  tongues of men are full of deceits?
KATH	f	Oui, dat de tongues of de mans is be  full of deceits.
K. HEN	m	I know no way to mince it in love,  but directly to say "I love you". What! A speaker is but a prater; a  rhyme is but a ballad. A good leg  will fall; a straight back will stoop;  a black beard will turn white; a  curl'd pate will grow bald; a fair  face will wither; a full eye will  wax hollow; but a good heart, Kate,  is the sun and the moon, or rather  the sun and not the moon; for it  shines bright and never changes, but  keeps his course truly.
CHORUS	m	Thus far, with rough and allunable  pen,  Our bending author hath pursued the  story,  In little room confining mighty men,  Mangling by starts the full course  of their glory.  Small time, but in that small most  greatly liv'd  This star of England: Fortune made  his sword;  By which the world's best garden he  achiev'd.
MRS. KENDAL	f	Thank you for your warm greeting. Ladies and gentlemen, tonight's  performance was very special to me,  because it was very special to someone  else, a man who knows the theatre  and loves the theatre, and yet tonight  is the first time he's ever actually  been here. I would like to dedicate...  the whole company wishes to dedicate,  from their hearts, tonight's  performance to Mr. John Merrick, my  dear friend.
TREVES	?	Stand up, John. Let them see you.
MERRICK	m	Oh no, I couldn't.
TREVES	?	It's for you, John. It's all for  you. Go ahead, let them see you.
MERRICK	m	I feel as if I've traveled my whole  life just to stand here.
MERRICK	m	Wasn't Mrs. Kendal wonderful? I can't  blame the King for wanting to marry  her.
TREVES	?	Will the cathedral be finished soon,  John?
MERRICK	m	Yes, very soon.
TREVES	?	Splendid. it's truly a masterpiece.  Well, I suppose I'll be on my way  now. I hoped your enjoyed yourself  this evening.
MERRICK	m	Oh yes! It was wonderful!
TREVES	?	I'm glad, John. Goodnight.
MERRICK	m	Mr. Treves?
TREVES	?	Yes John?
MERRICK	m	Mr. Treves, tell me... tell me truly.  Is it alright, did I make any mistakes  that you can see?
TREVES	?	No, John, not one that I can see.
MERRICK	m	Then I shouldn't change anything?
TREVES	?	No, no, I wouldn't change a thing.
MERRICK	m	...I'll walk you to the door.
TREVES	?	Goodnight John. Sleep well.
MERRICK	m	You too, my friend. Goodnight.
MERRICK	m	It is finished.
MERRICK	m	John... Merrick!
MERRICK 	m	When will the stream be aweary of  flowing under my eye?
MERRICK 	m	When will the wind be aweary of  blowing over the sky?
MERRICK 	m	When will the clouds be aweary of  fleeting?
MERRICK 	m	When will the heart be aweary of  beating....
MERRICK 	m	...and nature die?
JOHN'S MUM	m	Never, oh! Never, nothing will die;  the stream flows, the wind blows,  the cloud fleets, the heart beats...
JOHN'S MUM	m	Nothing will die.

